Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine. ~Anthony J. D'Angelo, The College Blue Book
All the World Knows Eminem is the King, just isn't Necesary say it 'cuz .. You know, we all know it :S
Heading to a zumba-thon this morning....2 hours of #Zumba to benefit organization that works w/ students w/ #autism and other disabilities
I have a feeling his grin is going to meet around the back of his head.
German I?
WTF? Just saw a video of Alicia Silverstone chewing her food & spitting it into her baby's mouth. She knows she's not a bird, right?
Reviews done. Now hiking shall be commenced.
Headed to The Cinefamily to see TURIN HORSE and MY NEIGHBOR TOTORO.
:) hope tonight was great...drive home safely!
so did I trust haha
What to do...breakfast or Brunch??!
Thanks!! Yeah I had major fun!! Love that place!! Wish I could have played earlier and longer but I'll be back real soon!!
Don't worry, it will all be done in a week and then you can sit back and relax, maybe have a drink on the island.
Good Morning to all our new followers! We can't wait to start rolling out some new faces next week! Stay Tuned...
"Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine." ~Anthony J. D'Angelo
of us thats why i took two , but yes & im sorry :o
Vinyl is now a possibility!
Tweet tweet ya'll and ya don't stop
To look like a buffalo?
I’m a perfectionist when it comes to being imperfect.
The conversation I just had with john. >>>>>
Grinders dont take summer breaks.
the people who sent them there. How often does that really happen? It’s not to say they can’t have their own opinion
Why do i feel like i always put in more effort than what im getting back..
Did I see Indonesia as one of the 's locations?
Turned in my MA thesis proposal last night...just waiting to hear...
If you aint gotta dream, you aint got nothing
In December we will be open on Sundays from 9 am - 2 pm. Stop by the store and enjoy lunch or do some shopping.
Yeshua answered, "I am the bread which is life!
Watching some of these kiddie shows that are on Nick Jr or PBS Kids Sprout is a pain
Devils had this game and then it just slipped away.
Need some help channeling teens in Milwaukee. Can you help?
Universally Friendly (UniversallyF) thanks for the follow.
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success
.cant get tickets to a concert cuz its far away so do u think if i started walking that direction now, i could make it by summer?
sex me up
I'm only a Raider Fan...I don't care if they were the Alaska Raiders. Lol
#swbayMEGA kicking off right now!!!!!!!
I only have a half ounce of creativity....what does that get me?
Cary Grant on the big screen. Yes, please! Charade is tonight's Winter Nights film
Maybe not Cespedes but there will be moves. You can hold that to me. Every team (including the A's) that are out of it trade.
Will your present actions and view on life set you up for future success .....#vision... without vision you and yours will perish
In many countries, new brides put bags w/ chicken blood in their vagina prior to first time sex to prove the hymen was there before marriage
job well done on KCBQ 1170. D7 & SD concerns well addressed
San Jose sharks just left the building! Yes, we fed them a delicious breakfast.
Kudos to ! They're a finalist in the "Executive Leadership" category at the
People talkin' bout how a girl fucked/hooked up wit everyone
Great first session! Thanks - now I&#39;m pumped about the rest of
I saw u! Walking with ur friends after school to the ROTC building! But I was too lazy to scream ur name! Hahaha
I'm irritated as hell right now I love to help people but today I'm ready to go home and do my homework
Rango pulls out #Oscar gold. What a bad animated feature.
Monday #Marketing Tip: What is your competition up to? "Google" other dealerships and compare how you line up.
lol that's usually what I think ppl do and I apply anyway, I just started a new job if it was a freelance position I would
Adam Jones with his second of the night. 4-3 Mammoth, 11 minutes left in the 2nd.
Some <U+E52E> Lo Mein is calling my name right now. I think that's what's on the menu. No cooking today.
Looking for some fun Philly events for this weekend!!! Tweet at us so we can retweet!!
birds of a feather flock together? Misery loves company? Many hands make light work?
3rd Winning Pick - #NFL Week 14..Chargers/Cowboys (48.5)..#Take_The_Over...a shootout in Dallas...lotta talent both sides of ball
After four days of #mcn2011, back to the office with too many ideas to implement. Thanks to all who made this such a great conference.
Bored and cold. The two things that I hate the most!!!!
Sorry to hear poet Adrienne Rich has passed away. "She was one of the great voices of conscience & lyricism in American letters" -Louise
Not sure about NFC in iPhone 5, though. Seems like a decent bet?
I'm looking to expand my collections management and exhibit content development network in Chicago - I'd love to chat!
Oh x-men damn cool omg. <3.
my mom made them yesterday
Thanks for the RTs, everyone! Tickets go on sale tomorrow for #Haiti benefit concert, Rock to Rebuild. Stay tuned.
A few #ff that love
that's pretty much where I am. Use of the data could be problematic, but collection... I don't know.
i love the voice i get when i suck in the air from helium balloons! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
RT! Same shit I said ": Craziest shit about niggas that hate the HEAT, they watch more of their games then their FAV team...lol"
We are giving away a FREE 3'x8' Mesh Vinyl Banner to the first person who can get a design sent to us by 12am. Email on our site.
and are not fooled by your Detroit Mindset!!!!
has an apt aphorism about the waiting for the bus;
Arian Foster returns to practice and millions cry as the better back must take a back seat.
“: with that $$ you could pay someone to write it for you - LOL” damn right haha
okayy how was yours?
I think I pissed everyone off today...
Participation in competitive cycling has grown across nation. USA Cycling licensees increased 66% between 2002-2011
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love. - Stendhal
Heading to aspen for the weekend
Thanks for pointing out that internship cuz
The professor surprised me. He did away with all four assignments because the class didn't get the learning outcome he expected.
“: "You look happy. Let me see what I can do about that." - Life”
story of my life.
I love my followers:)
when you coming to the chi?
Thank you so much. Sad we won't see you but there in spirit!
The center from Wisconsin reminds me of a cross between Tyler Hansbrough and John Rocker. Maybe a little Luke Harangody too.
I think I made the right choice going back to Lexington for the night. I guess my windshield will live to see another day
Wow. That was <fast>. Were you able to access it for the last couple of days that I've been working on it, while it was IP?
It's so green and beautiful in the park. Usher's "Confessions" is the soundtrack for tonight's walk.
Omg Happy Bday Melanie!! Hoping to see you on #AngerManagement, where no meat explosions exist :)
Ppl keep thinkin I'm a mime w a green face but rly I'm The Mask from a specific scene
If I could write this era (of American history) needs a John Steinbeck.
Day 2 of #TASAmw and we're excited to meet about #immigration needs & hiring foreign teachers. Come by booth 1814 for details!
Lol RT : Sometimes I take a piss and feel fucking spectacular when I'm finished. I guess that's pissing excellence.
yeah i am going to NY one day
okay hun I'll let her know...and tell your moms the samething x
We can only hope!
Every belief is a leaf awaiting autumn.
Russ family bout to invade the wicks in middletown, watch out
Happy Birthday to one of my favorites !!
This week has bent me over a barrel and shown me the fifty states. I need to refresh. Also I have this strange urge to listen to R. Kelly.
You don't wanna see her birth on TV? Imagine it to be like "Alien" - blood, guts and a creature attaching to people's faces.
Laying in bed with my mother while she's watching her novel and I'm watching episodes of Heroes.
bit.ly/1dtous we are already teamed up with #Bring1DtoNYC #Bring1DtoChicago #Bring1DtoDetroit for all of us can get ahead!
Big room overlooking the Bay! At least my stay at Tampa General has a great view!
awww lynette and tom!!!
I kind of want to make business cards that are laid out like Pokémon trainer cards... This is a good idea.
ah! so excited!! Austin's on the radio in couple of mins!
Only a spring practice, but this will be a multi-year rebuilding of this offense.
Hahaha you wish, you know these cousins equal trouble
there are lots of artists in the area, but nowhere to exhibit their art.
bs-s: a key folklore scholar
It's so good.
Nice pick , he'll be playing for the Nuggets in no time!
The discover tab on #NewTwitter is pretty cool. Nice to see the expand their offerings. Now hurry up and give me a mute button and filters.
Bright and shiny tweet
MT The pineapple and the hare won't count against students on NY State regents, Commish King says. Due to "ambiguous nature."
Meeting 930, 12, and 5pm welcome to the real world!!!
I'll rather be ugly in one picture than have a 4 picture collage wit every picture on their be ugly though<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
sweet thank you so much! tell all your friends about JADED! Keep in touch for updates!! <3
what are you doing to help? Take a billion out of education?
I will have to say chicken liver crostini (with fried bread). Or perhaps the ribollita soup...How about yours?
Thanks so much!! :)
Jammin out to on this beautiful day!! :)
follow back? :)
Who wants to keep me entertained til 6:30?
I'll be sad if they cancel #Community, but honestly- how long were they expecting the show to last, they are in 2yr community college
we did?
Global Industrial Rubber Products Market to Reach US$88.5 Billion ...
Let's go Bruins!
Ur actions have shown me Coltszilla is bush league. I don't need to learn that. I can make fun of things I don't use
was the mole inflamed?
FREE Solar seminar this Thursday, March 1, 7:00 PM, Clinton Firehouse. Please join us. Andrew is excited to meet you.
Game day today! Nerves are starting to kick in a little.
Happy Mother's Day beautiful fairy friend!!!!! I love you
my bag fam winter hours lol well will be open Monday at 12:00pm
I need you singing on a song or two with my artist ....... Wats good?
but i went in on those motherfuckers tho. i cant believe these ignorant ass people
what is your character in BABY DADDY?? R u the main character?? I still can't believe u and r going 2 b back on tv!!!
Right now: talking #WeCanDoBetter during this National Child Abuse Awareness Month.
Got Rhapsody? IMVU? Napster? Myspace Music? Search us! "Tex and Rook"
you & me both! #proudofit !
Great advice! Not just for kids, sadly adults bully too
Some think winter’s the worst. But for a Packer fan, it’s spring – time to dust off your cheeseheads to prep for Training Camp.
Ya know what's a weird word? Plump. Just say it out loud. Plump.
come get me NOW lol
I agree!RT : Is it just me or are the chefs on this season's kind of lame? No real stand out. Sorry
Men: take control of your health and hygiene. Go to the doctor/dentist. Don't wait for a woman to "mother" you.
Show is almost complete! Working hard. Revisits start this week!
Finally got to see the new section of the High Line...wondering why they used a real lawn...that's a maintenance nightmare!
I'm starting to get fucking tired but I know that the second I lay down I'm gonna be wide awake
i know i am confused.
at my dads .. U over ur moms?
it's hilarious!!
We'll post episode 4 of #DOARTV once the first 3 episodes reach 500 views each! Get to watching/sharing!!!
I hate myself for messing things up with you but things happen for a reason right? Right?!
like a real turkey?
People Germs are MSG: not good for you, but strangely addictive. Note: enduring success of bowls of wasabi peas & peanuts at bars.
just did
double hatter?!
wbat brought about that decision?
GET OUTTA HERE!!! You are the man!!! RT won conference..congrats on that A for your business class.
thinking about the inane stuff on Yammer?
Pretty stoked - by end of day all the videos on our website will be viewable on an iPad
Wait, what??
Ty Chris..Very Nice to meet you...100 points and the Power lose,Jack Ham was going crazy in the Box lol
leopard flats or tan wedges tonight... going for comfy and cute.
best day ever so far
A very sloppy game for #Brewers. It sucks when you get jacked up for a baseball game only to feel disappointed by the 2nd inning.
Folks shouldnt be dancing in the streets, but ppl can feel a hint of closure for the justice they were served. If thats celebrating, then...
On the way to Phoenix on the way to #brewersfantasycamp. Got the WiFi going on on this #Southwest flight.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Glide Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Such a frustrating day!
,to tell you the truth im very sorry but greatfull that im alive
you mean my girlfriend?
switch of birth and teen mom tonight :)
Probably not going to go to Extreme Thing so I can get my board and watch the Hunger Games when it comes out :P
Texas Tech coach receives a yellow card
So how soon do the #Saints have to vacate their Super Bowl victory?
#2ThingsIAppreciate 1.My brothers and sisters...and 2. because he is beyond family.
what do you think. He's got a good track record and seems no nonsense but I don't know if he's gonna be there a long time
You are welcome. We are looking forward to it!
so happy that Dog & crew made it to 8 seasons! Can't wait for the new episode you are so full of wisdom <3 you!
Thanks for following me You're all bark-tastic!
Ya know, Newark, Delaware is not so bad. But that's just the thing... That's all Delaware has to offer :-|
eyyy I'm eating pizza too
“: You can thank me now” thanks
You know who I miss? Owl City.
Fuck the Bears.
RT : Students will work harder to break DRM than they will work to study.
why me .......... sometimes i wonder how my future gonna be in 4 or 6 years im 14 almost 15 and i hate it cant wait to grow up!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yo Springfield, Missouri folk... anything special going on tonight? Eh? Anybody? Anybody?
A favorite of mine, sans thumb-sucking.
Dumb phoning my tweets
just a girl, i'll let take over my world.
This concert makes me wish it was summer already!
you get the track
....gimme the deets!! Where we're you two years ago?
Who says OBL was a guest of ISI?
omg I can't wait that long!!
are reacting to the officer-involved shooting in NoPo Tuesday night. We'll have the latest in a live report at 6.
What a trip. Now I have to make it next year
ALREADY KNOW. Im tired of these fake hoes lashing out at you. I'mma go right on some of these people.
Ha. Unfortunately, we lost to the Temple (Texas) Daily Telegram about nine months ago. That cut deep.
“: Moderator mentions NPS tendency not to employ historians in interpretation. Yep. #ncph2012 #oah2012” yes!! I noticed this.
i miss you too:( how are you?
So glad you are enjoying it. Definitely one of my faves of 2011!
lol that's Kay. I got it. But that video is the best. I FREAKED THE FUCK OUT when I saw it :)
Steering my energy towards tonight's event. Gotta let this go, breathe, and enjoy TONIGHT. Tomorrow will worry about itself. Right?
Thank you!
The number of times I want to say "except when it benefited you" in the course of a day right now has become nauseating.
well next time dude! :)
Ugh, woke up feeling so sick…work is not happening today.
Two more days until Nine Degrees closes and two more artists to highlight! Visit the Museum and our over the weekend!
Primary cost factor in hospital is time. Mobile technolgy helps reduce the hunt and fetch time tremendously.
The puppy we saw is so cute it looks like a toy!
Wait, now you'll tell me the Titanic sinks!
'sheryl sandberg and mark zuckerberg having lunch at four season's #boston to promote their stock offerings' -how does my dad know this?
Detroit, MI is now in my sales territory. Bad news is it's 3 more hours out. Good news? Big new account, all growth. Cha-ching!
Looking at apartments in NW Portland, and although it's a bittersweet feeling I'm getting super excited to graduate!
First Junior Seau, and now David Bowman? He wrote great reviews for my section when I was at the S.F. Chronicle. Good guy.
Is it a function of age or the time in which they were born that makes it okay to old men to hang out (literally) naked in the locker room?
Why do I have to drive all the way to the hood just to get some good fried fish
Happy Birthday to our Designer/Production Manager, Kayelani!!!
What are your deepest desires?
You must be overwhelmed in good karma! Thank you for all of your insightful tips! ;) #prtips on twitter is my new #1 resource!
Alexander thanks for the RT! I'm sure I'll run into you at an Austin wine event at some point - Best regards to you!
1910s = golden years for #agriculture, high commodity prices. Then Depression, Dust Bowl, New Deal. -Mark Muller.
Doing what you know to be the right thing will dramatically lower your stress!
If Josh Hamilton tweeted it, you would not find it as corny! lol j/k
Waiting for eccentric genius.
Happy Easter from all of us !
Chillen w cast of Gossip girl wall st
borderline racist with the whole "japs" thing.
Random I know, but your avi is really cute. LOL
So, give me the cliff notes version on Tropeano's arsenal... [There was of course a 'please' in that request...].
we hope you like it!
It's getting old, huh?! "looks like another storm is sneaking around the mountain. Just as I was typing the horn blows again."
Just bought myself a neat-o name badge for my lab coat. I may have acquired a doctorate along the way! :3
happy mother's day! I'm enjoying mine!
Justin Bieber Part of the money team! WHAT!!
If illegal immigrants were hot chicks they'd be let right in. So don't send your hungry or your poor just the hot ones. And we're all good.
Ugh foot, stop. Furreal.
I just heard from an office source that it recently moved to WEXFORD. Road trip. Its on.
GREAT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES WILL COME.
If I could just donate a dollar, I would be proud. I hope my mom says yes
same here. Tx
T-Bone!
Question is, what came first: lower men or the basic female?
hello, i hope that you are great! Thanks for following
Just realized its Friday the 13th - can i blame my metadata stupidity on that?
follow , and and for context. Enjoy.
haha don't make me blush.
Roy Hodgson for the England job? Lol! The FA are a joke!
My Valentine is because we're dating. ~*~*
#WISPAPALoOza Coran and 28 others honored by WISPA receive Knights of the black tie.
love life
Can't wait to get the new #foofighters album tomorrow.
Hard to believe but I've been flying in/out of ATL airport since 1978!!! I must be getting old! I know about every nook & cranny.
don't tell me. either someone else died, meredith overrode another BASIC hospital rule w/ no consequences, or.. yeah.
Thanks! Inspiration came from my curiosity on how #crowdfunding will impact social media & #filmmaking! :)
Great advice that I need to take. "Make sure content is fresh, compelling and specific." , #sm4np #websiteneedsupdates!!
you need a cam and a mic if you have one
Thanks, everyone!
Who wants to come to this party for timebomb with me Monday?
Thanks! How are you?
we miss you too
#LegFL hears bill 2 cut min wage in 1/2 4 tipped workers b/c 1% thinks its fair 2 steal wages & pocket it 4 themselves
Ms independent
2 down, 2 to go in 's insane chemistry review.
"What You Think When Your Mom Leaves You In The Line To Get Something: HOLY CRAP. WHAT IF SHE DOESN'T COME BACK AND THEY ASK ME TO PAY?"
Denver Browns baseball is ______________? Fill in the blank
not nice.... I suck at volleyball
#BabyBashBling is looking forward to #sparkandhustle on June 5th in #DC! Contact me if you want to experience Spark & Hustle.
you can't see me
freaken ni** gaz every way like M.J it can't believe today was a good day !!!
Oh Mister Sendak. Thank you for writing books that never treated me like a child.
Didn't know i was suppose to go to court today. So my new court date is on the 23nd.
FLOTUS on is the real politician!
seems to me like a lot of axes being ground at once.
oh no, bad papa!!! But in his defense...warm cupcakes are yummy :-)
Bob Caro driveway moment.
Hey! Hopefully!
Who ever installed them must have been a certified ass clown.
im serious... I have to focus on school... I dnt have time for boys
Tonight I am meeting my friends and crew to pitch a web series...yippee!
hey how you been missy?
wheres my boy?
Just Say No to Antibiotics for the Common Cold
No award show is complete without a shoutout from you to CB lol
no bugs either
Info on top publishers should work if you can point me in the right direction? Thanks Adam
Let it snow. Just road my bike in a heavy downfall of snow. At 6am we have a good 2-3". Let's see how much mother nature dumps on us!
1 simple question and the answer sends more than 10x's!!!
So Mark Zuckerberg bought Instagram for one billion dollars, why didn't he just buy the app for 99 cents? (heard this on the radio earlier)
No doubt both are meaningful in their own ways. Both individuals also have certainly lived extraordinary lives.
You didn't add Paul.
I want a boy friend. One that I can see a lot & that lives some what close to me
Same ones that hate... same ones that tag-a-long!
People line up hours to get a good spot for 9:00 parade. Just wait till the 11:00 one and there's literally no one here.
Note to all: Go to focusrally.com, create a login and follow #blackteam This is for our boys and
JoBros Are Our Heroes , my life xx
*text RT : One little tweet can ruin your hole day
planning a spinning weekend!
And Mahler 8, I believe...at the Opera House.
I've been storing up the good karma for a long time now. It's all yours, along with very loud prayers!!
thank you! It was a big one!
Treyvon Martin walked @ night & paid a huge price. My Q-Would Treyvon be in jail if he shot a young white person?
Chillin with my best friend :)
I had today's NYT crossword puzzle, and it was delicious.
My son was taking a nap and when he woke up he told me that he was having a dream that shrek broke his body in half.
its 9am an im thinkin Mr. B's. please explain that
that's your boo! Lol
Helping Karla review her senior project!! Yay!
#bosskanky and accurate. RT : All I want right now is some head and Popeye's
I don't know we're listed or if MTV is planning on sending the cast. Of course, I would love to go.
Need to get dis head done! ASAP<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086>
"Is this true love?"
Psycho ex gf is Dick riding hard lmao
When did I start following Vanessa H ? And how come she's not following me back... ROFL!
Facebook could have bought a really nice DSLR camera for $2500 instead.
turned my day around in a single moment
Is this the guy you met online?
AOL to make over $1 billion in patent sale to Microsoft: Microsoft opens up its wallet to get 800 patents and patent applications, an...
,hi justin you is my inspiration.. I'ma Belieber..... Followback me.....
There are others like me, after all...relieved sigh.
yep…everyday.
Thanks! As much as I'll probably be complaining about packing for the next month, I'm excited about it. :-)
Sounds like a couple I had the "pleasure" of sitting near on a train. Were NUTS & needed a reality check. But I didn't give it.
RT I'm gonna start a food stand in the valley that only serves churros and nature essay. I'm gonna call it "Henry David Churro"
push the envelope ;)
Seski proud Oregon is home. See in 50 years, or maybe earlier... :-)
#mmfa2011 "69% of consumers embrace mobile coupons" great news for and
don't forget! tomorrow we "spring forward" and lose one hour of sleep :(
I ain't saying she a gold digger
RQQ to tha Bruhz~: Omega's throw the most epic POPPIN parties EVER
oh my gosh, he is SO happy.
loving the Rome commercials on CBS today! Can't wait till April 3rd!
Out eating some sushi with
The food is OK. They put too much salt and sugar (to our taste). But we really enjoy the atmosphere. Great and helpful staff!
Thanks for stopping by on Tuesday! Any questions we can answer for you?
I thought it was "The opposite of war isn't peace, it's creation!" ??
No animals were harmed in the previous tweet.
#FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE TUNES I JUST POSTED LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK
People who can't spell and don't even attempt to do it right piss me off.
here for the first time. Impressed. Drinking black marlin porter from andjust tasted your Imperial Stout. Hi5!
Another great "Blue Sky" in Nashville this morning. Makes me want to listen to the classic Allman Brothers Band classic of the same name..
Scott Daniel returns a kick-off 95 yards for a score to cut the Trinity lead to 35-14 with a minute left in the first half.
Floydfest was awesome!!! I think Shortwave Society is my favorite band of the modern era, no bullshit...
I hate Mondays, but the fact that school starts at 8:30 is awesome ! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
.. wait sis .. where are you exactly?
i love you guys. BUT YOU TWEET SO FUCKING MUXH. WATCH THE SHOW.
New post: Good Writing Tip #3: Appropriate Voice
Hey I heard you were a wild one, oooohh
watching some world cup for first time..this is unwatchable with the buzzing. did fifa discover where all the bees went?
Sitting here screaming. Chris Motionless was on my tv. :DD <3
#PeopleLikeUs SUPPORT DALLAS COWBOY'S..
they was hating on you gurl....
Is that the Kimmel stage? Maybe rehearsing there while shooting AOL? Hope they'll do 'Shady'... Praying!
Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
When the day comes that there is actually a gentleman out in this lame world please tell me
RT : #Life101 Dreamers sleep. Achievers WORK!
O the mariachis just got here! You know its on!!!!
Goodnight. Tomorrow will be a good day. :)
haha good <3 I want to play draw something with you <3
keep contributing to obesity.
Champagne Campaign tn!!Text 'CHAMPAGNE' to 38714 on your mobile phone to receive complimentary champagne tonight at SET
learn how it works to reduce stress. Learning hypnosis is a process...become master of your mind and body! :o)
RT Oh yeah!
Fresh on our drink menu: Chocolate Whipped Martini $5 wedding cake, chocolate Godiva, half & half and chocolate syrup.
won the basketball game tonite!
oh! haha duh :) awe im so blind I couldnt see anyone.
RT : BREAKING: #Broncos will have 5 national TV prime-time games in 2012
Aww man I wouldn't want you to do that. So you rocking with the heat?
I fell like closing up and kicking everyone out
Thanks to my friend, Louisville Metro Council president Jim King, for introducing me around the Bluegrass Bankers Assoc annual meeting.
This is true... The beard trumps the stache everytime... I'm in your corner like Don King
Still blown away by "The Secret of NIMB" Need to work harder at storytelling/drawing.
You can tell Monopoly is an old game because there’s a luxury tax and rich people can go to jail.
morning cub, I'm just swell, how are things?
Wish i could watch Don Draper's reaction to hearing Britney Spears for the first time.
#Nuts: The #pinion was a great food for the ancient Romans. It is rich in #fiber, #protein and
Dear whoever is reading this, you're beautiful & someone out there is crazy about you. So smile, because life is too short to be unhappy.
Headed to Chicago!!
I could listen to Above and Beyond all day.
Adult heartworms can live within the heart & lungs of dogs for 5-7 years. See your Vet today!
Going to the movies with Zach tonight but i dont know what movie we are going to go see yet i'll tell you when i know! Cant wait.
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Mostly sunny. Highs 64 to 69 near the coast to 68 to 73 inland. Light winds.
they need as much secondary help as possible
haha :) it was pretty good! MUCH better then last year! :')
What a beautiful morning! :)
thanks bro.
pride is no silent killer.
Cool challenge-based learning project for school: at-risk students create a PR firm to promote the way THEY want to be perceived.
Your getting your exercise today! Feel for you.
Thanks Will, I'd like to take a look. I contacted you via email
best donuts ever!!!!!
That's refreshing cuz I feared I was suffering fr a sure case of American presumption :) Peace my friend
Justin Is Unbeliebably Flawless
is sounding like his own #curbyourenthusiasm episode =
Almond Joyfullness Bark and Black Forest Cake...
Just stay out of my Oreo stash.
Layer 7 Technologies Expands Presence in Asia-Pacific
devil rays got us smhead , nonononono
Left handed Acoustic guitars error
without question
There needs to be national discourse on purpose, intent, and dream of education, too...it is in question at every level.
I want....I want some Skittles!
(and that's all i know from my 3-month-long anticipatory retail therapy obsession)
The judgments that you make about others only makes you look like an ass.
Geat day outside.
Excited to work the NCAA tournament this week! Sad that UW didn't make it, but that's the way the PAC-12 went this year.
Way to go ! You need help carrying those to the car?
Can I get a RT for my birthday?
ah! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><U+263A><U+2764>
I want my bag back cause this is where i keep my weed at bwoii!
this Saturday is Grand Opening. Come through and check us out. RT Pls
Real cool interview. You are so spiritual..
Why does K-Rod appear to through 4 times harder than he actually does?
Sometimes like Butterflies is a fave of hers that I <3. Dusty Springfield covered it, too.
First time in Mariucci arena, ice sheet is the size of small pond. Feeling a little queasy with all the purple & gold
is getting ready for company
New Summer and 4th of July themed Custom and Micro Beds are up now on #productionvault! Happy Independence Day!
Rod Stewart WHATWHAT!!
omg no bitch
who won d celtics game ?
g noon what's up sis
can i get a what what
I agree! RT : tyrod taylor=the truth
its not a fear, its smarts. You will know when its right, and no reason to waste time with dudes that suck. UR being smart.
So are we! See ya there...
no just got home
Just finished
Thank you!! Needed the #WAF at mile 10 but I made it!
I don't have a pen cap anymore cuz of Mitchell #HeAteIt -__-
your a winner to me!
Your welcome! Where are you from?
The ones that "say the least" usually "know the most" - and prove it with results, not their mouth - social media "experts" included
Dec 20th EyeRocksRadio Battle of the band's
"It's your birthday & I know u want to ride out, if we only go to my house, sip on Ciroc & sit on my couch" remix
say hello, drink bourbon. or vice versa.
Thanks for the follow! Been thinking about that red purse all weekend... May be seeing you this week:)
“ people who go to my school who think there cool because they get in my twitter and write bad stuff
In the bathroom! :)
You know WA, it was probably good the best we could do was beer with our cheerios. AND I'll miss the liquor across from Wallingford Dick's.
DRIMMETTEISM: 7 characteristics of a wise person 1) one does not speak on things one does not know 2) One admits when one doesn't know...
RT : "I love you," she said. "Thank you," replied young Barry Obama. Much smoother than my old response, "Because you're drunk."
Fasho , I'm working on the beat NOW !
Last day.
People who sound smart but say nothing deserve a good whisterpoop.
Great meeting you today at #BTCE2012!
Omg omg omg omg omg . I'm excited for toooonniiiiggghhhtttt . (:
It appears that Mitt Romney would like us to know that he's been successful
..i guess with the way many folks become and/or remain unrealistic about achieving certain goals; ..
Think it's funny that sends me text messages about stories / news. Scary, but funny.
Thx to all our Ambs who chatted 2night! We had a great time! See u at the next chat party! Check our blog: Auambassadors.wordpress.com
get to 1,000 followers, tell all your friends! new BIG things coming soon! :)
Hahaha, I got that fixed a couple months ago.
need another call tomorrow. Plz&thnx
popsicle in a cup. becomes slushie. and then twitter all day all night. win win situation.
IKR!!!!! everybody needs to be GRAND LOL
Can't wait to leave
exciting times in #DC sports: coming to town, #Nats success, #Caps playoffs, and the #Wizards season ending!
a #libra really enjoys their personal time
The day is almost over, any big plans for this weekend? Who's going #bowling?
Nice double play!!!
Let the synchronicity flow......
is a professional photographer today.
that was a long walk
aight thanks bro! This shish is ridiculous though!
Who doesn't like FREE? Visit a #PeoplesFlowers location near you this Saturday and get a free Bridgewater candle and flower.
#dtl2011 If you tweet a link to your students, how do you keep track of that link if you want to provide it to students in future sessions?
Ryan' s with my girl and my handsome man .....mojitos where mean!
"wide receiver Devon Still" ???? New prototype?
Yeah , what are we doing for our Birthdays?! lol
: Can you invite me?
miss you too! :/
the girls are gonna ride with who they thinks a winner So I'll be smiling just in case they take a picture
Thanks for following.
Work: It isn't just for sleeping anymore.
Say Somethin Is Stuck In My Head!!! My New #1 Song(: Great Job <3 I Love it and it was stuck in my head all day today!! <3 ILY
from UIEvolution says "50 billion connected devices by 2020"
I want French macaroons, and 100 montaditos...
Off to #SC to see the lovely & get hitched, grab lunch with & #run the #ReedyRiver 5k! :)
Welcome to Portland, take a VHS on your way out.
I'm freaking scared as crap right now.!! D:
#dwts if Derek and Maria go home, ppl will riot!!!! This is BS!!! Donald and Maria can out dance william ANYDAY!!!!
There is only death for me now, it doesn't matter how, I got to this place, in shame I hide my face
Only in as much as I want both of them on the floor in my bedroom.
#letsgopens the was awesome playing the National Anthem tonight!
On our way to New Lebanon, OH to lead at an all-day youth event. Working off of 2 hours of sleep...here we go!
Changing all my profile pics to cartoons...hm
Woke up before noon for the first time in two weeks
Gr8 weekend @ vail. Lots of new snow, and blue sky basin + china bowl opened up!
hours later
make sure you hit me up to get tickets to our show next month or go to www.aftonshows.com/braynstreamrecords
Thanks for the
I loves Glee
Got a shout out from max finberg for Make sure you come to participate in the call to action
Um no, lol. I'm not a complete crazy as lol
Thanks for the tweet!
At today's meeting, the international visitors were unanimously impressed by the level of collaboration by and other organizations.
Ugh. Should have flown out yesterday.....
*More Specials TODAY ONLY* Be sure to ask a salon associate about our specials on bottles of LOTION today!!! Don't miss out!
Watch for the contest on our site next week!
I found it last night. Thanks Monise it was hilarious!!!!!
;) I love giving you my problems xD :)
wow aint been on twitter in a minute ganna blow it up!(: #heck yea
Watching Avatar.. would be proud haha :)
you are welcome anytime!!
Tweeted Nick 80 so far, He didn't follow yet. Oh Well, I'm not stopping!!!
Creating 2 great tricks in 2 weeks is pretty nice :) Now I need to make records of the methods for future reference. I forget a lot. :P
SHOUTOUT TO EVERYONE TUNED IN TO #JACKIESPEAKSSHOW WITH
but can you spell it at all after you've had one? We'll be watching your timeline to find out.
Skydiving with in a bit.
i forgot i had a motorcycle. i'm gonna go ride it. haha .
Covering: Cook County Commissioner Deborah Sims at meeting in Dolton.
Thanks for the tip. we can never turn down chocolate!
Reading "Just Kids", by Patti Smith. Easy, but insightful reading about her years with Robert Mapplethorpe. Mid-book, but pages r flying by.
so true
I work Email & our team will be happy to help you ASAP. For other q'
This panel has not devolved into the bloodbath we've all been hoping for.
no pshhh! we know you will be there. It wouldn't be the same without you!
Well rounded
going to start some creativity for the day. Come see the Fantasy Show at the Luxor tonight, Love to have you visit. Holla Coop!
Mike Colameco&#39;s Food Lover&#39;s Guide to New York City | Wine Stuffs
I promise not to start pretending like I was a diehard #Rangers fan all along when they make a run at Lord Stanley's Cup. You are welcome.
Thank you sir. And happy birthday!
too bad. #1 I live in Geauga county #2 4 other customers were in the store in Chardon looking for the same thing #3 nothing in
you was at Ashland park yesterday?
I'm glad i dont have to listen to 60 minutes of whining on ROOT Sports this game
I wish my job had a Spring Break.
"Looking queerly at him, perplexed and worried, but moved inspite of herself- takes his hand uncertainly."- ANNA CHRISTIE
Whats up for tonight?
How much do ports impact your state economy? Come to the TandI Summit and hear John Milliken, Chairman, VA Port Authority
as a female, i'd like to speak on behalf of those of us who know nothing on using free weights/dumbells/medicine balls!
Better team won the series. That simple. #Memphis made it interesting, and #Clippers showed theyre far from complete but...better team won.
Oxymoron for the day: Conservative Democrat.
A drug related retirement... strange. Manny Ramirez goes out in expected fashion.
Bout to play some slow jams on the way home
I am accustomed to sleep and in my dreams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake. - Rene Descartes
Tha BEST conversations come from tha Hair Salons!
thanks! I'm going to make sure it is. After all. Happiness is a choice, right? I have a lot to be happy about. :)
Game just got SICK while I was in the bathroom!!! ThunderUP!!!!
If this weather gets any shittier, I think I'm gonna cry. Listening to the Sinatra hour.
Brother is in town. Meeting up for lunch...what a nice treat!
"I broke 1000 hearts .. Before I met you. I'll break 1000 more baby before I am through..."
Working on my blog post featuring , w guest appearances by & I'm still hung over...
When starships comes on you have to dance no matter how tired you are.
if i were to win free tickets im pretty sure i would be in shock, then i would scream then cry
thanks David! I know we're not fancy but we appreciate our patrons and want everyone to feel welcome...
What up lets work!!
Only a monopolist may study a business and destroy it by giving aside products.
Do I have any frat that's a crazy 8 club
glad somebody realizes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
come to Dino for a wine tasting!! Here now. <3 u forever
Great to meet at , another Drupaler working on a book for
Where to tonight??
Time to unclutter my life. It's just, well, cluttered.
Follow up and coming actress who worked with Jennifer Aniston on Wanderlust as well as Ryan Reynolds on TheChangeUp...
Illinois private sector union worker at Capitol: I don't think the private sector workers are safe if it continues like this.
It had been a great week, about time to call it done and start a busy weekend.
Mother nature is giving free car washes at our new owners event tonight! Hope you can make it!
"What does it say about me?" "It says you're ride is smoottthhh." "ye-heahh! you hear THAT, Sheila?" "Never. Gonna. Happen." LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO
opening ceremony is always my shit!!!!
we have been feeling dejected since you left
The Power finished the season with a 61-48 victory over the Philly The victory gives the Power arecord of 9-9 and 2nd place in the division
So drunk. OMG
Nats really going to lose just their second series of the season to the Pirates? Really? Lousy 8th, leaving the bases loaded.
You're not interested in the world series, right? Hell no! You want you get scared and spooked in the apocalypse, right? Hell yeah!
on Nortec collective: informed by both techno and technology of the factory city transformed into creative sound
King James U16
Severe storm in Walworth County moving away from Whitewater. Possibly 1" hail moving toward East Troy.
Haters only make my life that much better! Must be doing something right!
I'm bored
I can't wait for the new transformer game to come out, I hope it's online as well like the first one was.
Check out Anti-Flag | The Flatliners | & Have Nots TONIGHT Doors open 6:30pm | ALL AGES |
Congratulations to Seasons 52 Tampa - open 1 year today!
hi- no, I don't know a Brian
Choose one!!
thank you!
Better off alone? I think so.
yeah Ik but one day he will we just never have to give up please follow us
regardless, plenty of future MMA fighters there for sure
You must be on Southwest. Have to confess, I'm a big fan!
oh what the fuck ever, goodbye now!
hey. Where u at! They are making a movie!!!
hi Brian! Thanks for the follow!
Great job by you!
thanks ! Same to you.
i know bitch you better not « I don't sell I'm kidding lol»
Beautiful weather in DC. Make the most of it advocates!
And y'all wonder why I do my own stunts and solo missions!!! Mofos are delusional and annoying! Smh
You are a night owl? Me too!
UFC tonight? Any predictions?
!!! Yay! I am so happy for ur baby news!!! Congrats to u & Bill! I'll be watching & continuing to send luv ur way!! :)
Me too, sadly.
Someone just posted on Facebook: "YOLO is really annoying, But SO true." Really? I had no clue you only live once...
I only have 7 subscribers. I'm kinda jealous right now.
RT RT : ~ “Any kind of lasting success is rooted in honesty.” #Quote Well Said!
So how'd you hear about stickK? Via twitter? From a friend? From a news article? Somewhere else? Let us know with a tweet!
hahahaha that was so annoying
So glad the cathedral kids finally got to hear speak. He's the man.
RT : ": i still remember the first person i fell inlove with :)"
When I get away, im staying away
I'm gonna post pic for those of you who want to see how she was last night
she got on the bus smellin like L.O.U.D lmfao somebody had a wake & bake
Can't wait for the Boyfriend video!
RT : Wow. Oden knee surgery turns into another microfracture. Done for the season
you make money doing that?
I don't mind walking that extra mile. You know I would do everything in my power to see you smile.
:) Yeah, some pretty interesting stuff. Makes you consider doing drugs or booze. :)
today? tomorrow? Next week? ;)
Celebrating the Vernal Equinox by taking a quick night hike. In Chicago. As you do.
by all accounts I need to be very tempted by this offer!! :)
<----- #shoutout! Awesome team
Winning in #business is a matter of choosing the right competition.
TX is 1 of 9 states currently considering campus carry; similar bills are in Ariz, Tenn, Mich, Okla, New Mexico, Fla, Neb and Miss.
i wish my dog didnt cry in her sleep :/
Gotta interview with WALMART tomorr I'm souped up
There are few things I enjoy as much as sitting in a big dark room and looking at light projected through celluloid onto a big white screen.
That's cuz I learned from you (;
Remember the Lord your God, for it is He who gives you the power to get wealth. - Deuteronomy 8:18
actual records :) I've been buying vinyl nonstop the last month or so, all for adorning my walls with!
#ECETechChat here in Florida they are doing Objective Driven Training, so everybody has to be certified to be a trainer in FL and use tech
A river of blood runs through this timeline. Am I melodramatic to make this claim? If you think so, your timeline ain't like mine...
now begins another Friday VTing Marathon of 4 - count them - 4 shows in-a-row - commercial-free.
omg it makes my eyes hurt.
I love that! RT : Padres accidentally won tonight too. MLB.TV is the greatest thing going.
Kudos to every public servant who has the audacity to propose new ways of solving old problems.
hello Liam love you
good night people i need more floower please love u
hahaha thanks. I did my nails tonight with glitter so I'm really happy :)
RIP and thank you Steve Jobs, always the King of Product in my world. Incredible vision , uncompromising quality, art and tech.
that made me laugh out loud. Well done.
Ok y would ur store be call #Payless when ur paying more. Ima sue for their name false advertisement I wanna Payless at Payless not more
Recording songs about love and murder.. <3 bri
New move that means new money lets get it in #BAMSQUAD!!!!.....#OsOGANG "We stay fresh"
Oh well. I kind of think it's to each his/her own. Some take it way too seriously.
Writing skills
A black Charlie Chene lookin ass!!!
Another kid who attacked the 17 year old asian man. RAYMOND PALOMINO - white guy with no mask. who said hold my gloves in the vid.
should i wear a tin foul hat so they cant read my thoughts!?!? D:
get em Dave! Defense working?
you may eat as much as possible. My love for you is determined by fellatio not by your looks
Congratulations! You'll love it. Glad to have you as part of the L&C family!
prefer a womans, Delilah works; easy to listen to John Tesh, Jim Brickman
Searching for a house with a guest house. ABQ or Rio Rancho but west of the river. Under $550,000. Any hip pocket listings?
Nothing endures but change.
#childhoodgames kick the can, ghost in the graveyard
Would you like free promotion? Just email me at for details!
Waiting For On #TheVoice :)
Need entertainment for your next corporate function? Contact me for details on how to make your next event a truly momentous occasion!
Nick Foles. Some what mobile and prototypical size white boy QB. Only question is who gives Philly a 2nd rd pick for him in 3yrs.
CRISIS AVERTED! back into my account. thanks for the heart attack google!
"I have to make a distinction, seperate myself so there is no mistake that I am nothing like them" - Huey P. Newton
Can't stand when little A.D.D girls don't listen
yea earlier today
We officially revere: Library as Incubator
Doubt much of this. 1) Muskogean lang not the similar at all to Mayan. 2) New South respectable...ha :) 3) I'll ask Mark W.
Watching last night's Mad Men & majorly girl crushing on Christina Hendricks. She's stunning. Wow.
Battle of the Planets was my favorite show! Zoltar was hot.
The hills are alive..
How was the Walrus & The Carpenter?
I guess I have timeline now.
You're welcome!
#WeWereCoolUntil you decided to stab everyone in the backk
The White Sox just got no-hit by the worst team in baseball.
Thanks for checking it out though- I appreciate it!
Happy birthday Jack Kerouac.
#HowLongZimmermanGoneLastInJail Not Even A MIN....
Lol. Sounds like we both fail. (: <3
are you going to the red oak Walmart to meet Napoli tomorrow? :o
MY TEACHER WANTS ME. It's scary.
same! Come get me!(:
I wish this bar had karaoke..
dogs crazy too early for a sunday. at least up early to get to work!
we are going tomorrow
What the ancient Greeks intuited is supported by research today.
Listen & CALL-IN to this LIVE SHOW "Talking Sex for Men and Women" on 6/25/2011 10:00 AM EST BlogTalkRadio.com/LARubinsteinMD
Good morning everyone. I just realized that this is the last day of March. What the heck happened to it? It flew by.
Well, I sure do enough dishes! Still working on the book...
Drove to the ocean, forgot to pack surfboard. No beer in fridge, thinking of calling numbers found in pocket for beer money.
Thanks for the Follow! Check out my band
Many thanks for the MT!
going to see #thehungergames oh yes!
With the cold winter air, it can be too cold to run outside. But don't worry, we have a workout room inside!
Going to hit to cecilias cafe today
Hope everything works out for
You too, mama!
“: lol zoom zoom zoom
Been busy. Haven't tweeted in awhile. Sorry everyone! And by everyone I mean all 84 of you following me.
Loving the Christmas music being played right now.
Create your challenge today at www.FreeSweat.com
#MyFirstWishFor2012 is to share chocolate with you.
they will win the next 8.
thanks for the twitter welcome!...everybody needs to follow me!
How did José not get to that ball??
How about some Milk Stout from ? Very tasty, very! Alwys drink close to the source.... like a block from
I really didn't mind the theme song all that much as its own thing. There's an "evil universe" version in a later season.
thank you! & ah. I know. Im excited for college. :)
happy valentines day twitter world :) <333
ready to eat some nachos & drink a margarita today
Who is that no name guy that won the Grammy against Nicki Minsk n J.cole ? Who the fuck is that guy lol
what movie are you shooting
Spike evolved into such a good character! I recently finished watching the series on Netflix, and I'm a bit lost now it's over.
I keep forgetting he is not in high school anymore shit is completely different.
def the best so far... “: VW with the working-out dog was brilliant.”
what's up in Stl?
BEAHAHAHAHAHAHA! I seriously just embarrassed myself in my office my laughing extremely loud . . . Hehe
If only Wellington Castillo could frame a pitch this game is over...if only.
Thank you very much for the RT! You have a great day!
#musicmonday #MM ! (: some of the sexiest musicians in the world ;D follow them and listen to their music, dooood (:
You have to wonder. Hopefully his elbow will hold up.
And hung those nasty fliers on all the buildings in the town....I'll pick u up at 8 as usual listen for my horn...smile
haha. im not! it was dumb!
Aite so we were at this market and my dad was showing my mom a blender, 5secs later my parnets say to start walking fast..well they broke it
lmbo mane trust I know
~MARKETING MEMORIES~ Corporate & Private Events <U+2605> Bar/Bat Mitzvahs <U+2605> Event Coordination <U+2605> Event Management <U+2605> Consulting <U+2605> Graphic Design
Street lights are out on the 19-2100 blocks of Madison Ave. We are working on this but it won't hurt if you fill a 311 request too!
state this weekend. so ready to defend our title
This renovation was done on a budget for sure, but we splurged on appliances everywhere!
Thank the lord for the 804. I thought I was going to die of boredom in Charlotte. Gotta go back Sunday -_-
loving that one too
I think I have a title for my next book. "Mired in Clay: How a sad ass sports blogger inspired me to write 'Say Goodnight Cassie'"
I was hit on by a 12-year-old while walking around my neighborhood today. :|
abuelaa ! She's soo cute you need to take me again so I can visit her again :)
I need #followers :(
o alright
Fuck a nigga wife and eat the wedding cake
did u try Oakleys Bistro for dinner. ??????
Anyone familiar with LaDiDa? It would be AWESOME to do a contest using this that we can ALL join in/watch, vote on, anyone interested? :)
I can't stop playing #arkhamasylum. #iamthebat but the dishes in my kitchen aren't gonna wash themselves.
how's school and dance?:)
amazing post on #Brix!
---Money buys speed ... not talent
What we really do is make humanity more human. And there's nothing better than that anywhere in the world.
Coaching is about more than teaching the sport. Life lessons are learned on the field.
Kick off your weekend with your favorite Irish locals and enjoy Happy Hour until 7pm tonight!
I submitted info on Breakdown Express.
Thanks for the repost Theatre Tulsa! Have a good one!
Yup, Justin is OK though. RT: “: hope your delivery driver is OK! Saw he got into a smash on North Ave tonight!”
Stay in the loop! Be sure to follow us at to keep up to date on everything happening at the museum.
for real...
you're welcome(:
Rubix cubes are EASY....when you're color blind.
Oh yeah. Let's just finish this afternoon off by locking myself out of the house. Perfect.
Panel on sunday morning show question the actual # of signatures recall organizers gathered. Call it propaganda.
same old same old
Syyke! Haha. I could never switch up like dat >=]
ain't getting any luck today
A lot of formatting fixes needed all around, but OPEN and EVERY ROOM IS EMPTY at least have live pages with *some* info now...
Hope to see you there!
thanks for the shout out!
going to my grandad birthday where is juu
it's not especially clear, When I think 'traditional' agency with 'roots in creative,' think older than 5 yrs.
watching #davidcross - awesome
thanks! And I have already moved. To Philadelphia. Been here almost a week
He thinks i'm bipolar.....I might be
Everyone make sure you wish () a very happy birthday!!! She is so awesome and deserves the world!(:
: <U+200E>Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live believing it is stupid." Einstein
A woman in nyc who works as a hot dog vender was arrested for soliciting men..stupid hooker ur suppose to sell the weiners not play wit them
... Thanks for the follow! :)
Just wrapped a fantastic headshot session with Cheryl Ogden-Oreskovich!
What is type 2 diabetes? | Dogwood Forest Gainesville
Did I hear that Fergie is the first women to perform at the superbowl? or did I hear that wrong....
Whewww. HEAT. “: Well, I tried to get him to listen to The Make, but he started crying.”
Butler's in the final four! Having as many degrees as I do let's me legitimately cheer for a few teams...
thank you for the retweet!
nothing, you?
Hehe glad you clarified that ;) I've been doing well, thx, body is back %, yay! Are you running daily?
Love Vs Pain
Hehe RT : look at that f'n hipster.
Happy bday xo
This is awesome news! RT : En route to to pick up nominating petitions to fill the ANC 4B04 vacancy.
I'm ready to start singing :)
: what's the land that will be flooded as sea levels rise? killer slider bar.
I'm NOT going to be able to sleep tonight. Fuuuuuuuuuuck.
Oh to have a dog's life...
both of my parents are mixed with black lol
thanks for the RT, Jim, and for your #pubappx panelific wisdom!
let's just say an ethnic studies professor assigned to teach the intro english grad course this fall is going to be spectacular.
Will he promote greater investment in developing an advanced energy infrastructure based on clean energy, like Iceland did?
we're great. lately its beena solid tradeoff between being really drunk & really hungover. can't wait for your triumphant return!
in heaven.
cash first, ass last.
Me and Drew Doughty of the Kings are twins because we share the same bday!! December 8th (He's 89, I'm 94) LOL
My boy Corey didn't do nuffin' in this Mets series. Shake that funk!
Happy Mother's Day, Stef!!
ok, that will do as a first instagram from L.A., i guess.
is right, CNCC is good.
lol sorry I haven't been online much...but Hey! lol
well the series is tied. And rest assured, the Rangers will close it out at the Garden Saturday, and we'll see you guysnextround!
Back to basics.
Ugh! Don't you hate when that happens? Desserts are the best part of meals!
only home i can be ugly , hehhehehehe !
Enjoying an victory with and other friends. What a great day for football!!!
$300.....i wish someone would spend $300 on me
As hard as it is to believe, supposedly the new Batman is better than Dark Knight (Heath Ledger). Nolan is good, but come on.
Philadelphia shoots out confetti to the crowd after winning Game 3? I can't wait for the end of the series
yea, in Guam or Hawaii...pah!!!
....Clear..???. PLease give if you can. Thank you (PS I AM a member and just joined their London Social group- we are named The Blue...
I would be so happy if you followed me or at least replied to this tweet :D
Ha! I am only kidding. Couldn't keep 1/2 of those vows.
Anyone done enough/familiar with Cover It Live to be on program abt live tweeting? Think there's enough interest in subject?
Our Community Inv Comm member Jason Barnsted-Long says include framework 4 equity in summary.
happy Thanksgiving people
#ireallywant want to have my own t.v. show! lol
french toast for dinner? I'm thinking YES <3
I do, and now I miss you 2 even more. :( Cant believe you are at the shore with out me.
Took me 15yrs to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.-Robert Benchley
Samples are still available. Send address to for yours
here we go
The Beard that can be described is not the eternal Beard.The name that can be spokenis not the eternal Name.
It's going to be a Lone Hot Summer here in texas
Don't fuck with me period !!!!
Tuesdays (and Wednesdays) are rough... but worth it! Hopefully FCH will go as well tonight as ILL did today!
Dont Pre-concieve anything, see it for what it really is!
Nice venue.
lmfao he definitely was!
Hey guys thanks for all your love. I am finding a solution. You best believe that McLean will rise again.
www.bitchimfrom.com got hoodies on sale right now
going to New Jersey today to film a new movie. I play a Detective and I solve a murder. yay! what fun!!
it would also make it so you sneezed into your own eyes
prison. that was easy
How's your monday ?
What's your road to #happiness?
and your life has never been the same... It got way more interesting! Bop! Bop!
$60.62 to fill up my car. I want the Prius back....
“: I drank for the first time today...I drink everyday...what I'm trying to say is I woke up a few minutes ago”
Working in and out of the office. The latter Instagramming as CW during Civil War weekend. Whew.
Thanks for following, . You must tell me how many beers you reward yourself for an ultramarathon. Have a great weekend!
Cum on bulls let's win without rose
Watching the UNC v. Duke game tonight. Welcome to N.C., Who are you rooting for in this big college rivalry?
Bitch im balling Ballin like a muthafucker
I know! Why can't Castle's dad stay absent? That's one twist I'm not happy with. I'm afraid #Castle's circling the shark.
lyrical, miracle, spiritual, individual criminal, in your swimming pool!"
#gopdebate somebody remind them that God is not real!
Anyone with an Acer laptop charger they willing to hand over or sell, please hit me up pronto!
My day consists of completing a ridiculous amount of homework and then babysitting so I can afford to put gas in my car.
Wants to mix his books with mine on the same shelf. No, sorry.
sounds awesome!
#GGHH is going to be awesome! Are you ready Morton's!?! Don't forget~
#OneThingILove impressionable young women
We've all been there, or will be. Great idea to rationalize a tough decision.
No. I will not embrace someone's germ-infested hands touching THE THING I CARRY AROUND ON MY HEAD ALL DAY without even asking.
LM mayor Art Madrid defending his travel 2 various conferences vs. teleconferencing, etc.: "If you're not at the table, you're on the menu."
Silver spoons have a history of wellness. Perhaps, a silver spoon may produce more effective mental and physical functioning.
Thanks for the RT!
I don't think I've ever seen that play to end a game before but we'll take it
Someone just got put out.. Damn. *continues driving*
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
RT if you said "yee" today(;
Get running! #Orioles RT : If chris davis strikes someone out I'll run naked throughout all of rosedale
I just saw moneyball today too!
Love the brand-name roundup, but it's "Chidogos," not "Chidagos" (which suggests something very different!).
Sick pass by Stastny on that Fowler goal.
Spending the evening with fellow alumni and current students at GSLIS After Dark. I always look forward to this annual event!
on to the new album. pretty stoked.
I'm going to have to watch it online. Now you know why I HEART this man!!!
and let's not forget the one i got when i fell head first down a stairwell at a party.
Accident on the freeway = late bus.
fu#*in loser
Renegading LIVE on Freqbase, INB4 Sessions: Cocaine Cowboys & Peruvian Nasal Fuel
Merry Christmas from the East Coast
I'll be there im pretty sure
Sebastian's Restaurant in Caledonia, WI (Best Restaurant EVER), just added Strauss Lamb Chops back on their menu!! AMAZING X2...
And will you never say that you love me just to put it in my face...
I know!! I'm just impressed by the details in this one. It's the little things that really count, you know?
It's like you're getting a free day of rent. #HappyLeapDay!
Just sent you a DM!
that extinguisher didn't know what was coming
I forgot to tell you! I quit....just couldn't do it anymore
I had been offered an advanced screening pass, but couldn't make it, now I kinda wish I did for FilmFail purposes…
Total Vibration » Blog Archive » Questions On Carrying a child ...
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Thanks. I am just looking forward to teaching a class.
What the MSNBC need to do is top complaining about #RevWright and start talking about #Romney religion and everyone he associated with....
but even professionals mess up!
Sometimes I think I am the only one who still wishes at 11:11
18conf practice based evidence, is that the new buzz words? Is Casey trying to start a trend.
hi baby :D
#questionsthatdontgetanswers are you dead?
No kidding, 6am for me is early enough... See you in Dallas
Rally Software Named Denver Post&#39;s &quot;Top Workplaces 2012&quot; Winner
really regretting not locking my computer before I walked away
“: I just remembered I deleted my MySpace, so sad. #rip” I tried logging on to AIM to see what my "info" was
Good morning twits.
Well beginning of practice was uhmm.. fun..
Fun fridays! : happy friday ladies!! RT Happy #FF mastermind friends!
if Ovechkin had a strong player to back him he would be awesome. datsyuk Zetterberg. Malilkin Crosby. Jäger Lemieux.
Howard Fuller: stay focus and relentless.
#sxgpages Should have known the panel was headed to disaster when the hash tag included "+" geez.
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough.
How you like my new background?
best green chili in town tyr it today and have our $0.99 burrito today look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo
WE GRIND HARD
how is this game still 1 : 0
Thanks! Hopefully it'll be of good use. :) ^dr
Excited about 2012! New products & strategies for garage bands & independent artists. 20 years in the biz & still loving it!
I'm still in bed. Don't work to hard :-)
guess what? I get to see you today!!
yes, definitely are. I know quite a few!! :)
follow jadenbaby plz she my friend and she only got 2 followers me and someone else so plz
Im good. Thanks 4askin :-)
Been swim'n in a sea of anarchy, been living on coffee & nicotine wonder'n if all the things I've seen were ever real, ever really happening
sorry just got off work!! Yes please on shirt. I like ideas of twitter names on back. I'll prep files for transmission to you!
rumors r saying Robbie is 20 is tht try
Need a gift? Make a wine, cheese and bread basket with some of our delicious bread!
Pgh: tickets for our June 14th headliner will go on sale this week!
thinking about dinner... really wish i had an close by.
He committed suicide later that year on Constantine's orders
Happy Easter!
Dear North Carolina, I couldn't be more appalled by your decision today.
Standing with
Our program is a great alternative to get cash flow while the occupants are preparing to get financed to buy your house! Call today!
noone ever talks to me anymore..
I can faintly hear Starbucks calling my name right now...if only I had 5 bucks
Question for my speechies: what are your thoughts on the UDL principles? If you use them, how has it benefitted/ hindered your lesson plans?
yeah :) where are you from? :)
Bro-Bama RT Obama says Dave Matthews is “someone I just love”
I seriously can't walk by your door w/o getting sad. I cried after you left :(
and they will find a way to get it too
I got the swagger of a cripple
Thanks Dan! Car is packed for the early morning.
I'm not home
Wisdom: It comes from learning and seeking knowledge. It is founded in life experiences over time and the growth of understanding.
you're welcome. Attribution for the "pregnant pause" goes to
We're live from Amped Up!, the site of today's Game Two viewing party. Doors open at 3:30 - get here!
blue hat.<3
Hagelin was literally standing on Holtby's leg.
Colorado men and ladies b-ball teams win tonight. CSU men go down to BYU. CSU has best chance of making tourny but still need some wins.
Thanks for the shout out! Just Be Alive!!!
Me too!! Have a blessed day.
big shoutout to for being my 300th follower<33 thanks means alot(:
Nice pass over the shoulder by Trob. Needs to do that more.
hahaha that's just
Fucking sick of bands breaking up and line up changes. Guess that's life though.
Only best friends talk to each other on the toilet.
Follow me and I'll send you and I-phone or I-pad!
Why would you miss the ones who diss you nd diss the ones who miss you?
UnCon is about to wrap up. Where are people still hanging out?
Where do you run at? I've started running and need a running buddy.
So true Sis! I'm glued to this one!
Happy Mama's Day to all the Mama's all there
Sat through 18 minutes of class to get some candy and just dipped... #nomotivation with spring break 4 days away #whatmidterms?
Im not too sure what ratchet means But if its drinking &getting wild im dowwwn! ": Me & need to get ratchet! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>"
I took a break from it tonight was my debut back out lmao
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
#BecauseofTwitter i am participating in this thread...
after seeing that taylor kid from twilight in person, it is still a wonder to me why ppl get so obsessed with these movies
The technique, called visualization, makes a competitive situation feel familiar because you have already imagined it in detail.
Detective: How did you get into counterfeiting? Criminal: I answered an ad that said, "Make money at home. "
So much of life is hype-ocrisy.
Going to bed at 9 is the best feeling ever.
Ayy when you coming back out?? You was my fav artist of 08...
yeah its about 5hrs or prob more because I live in east gilbert.
Hm ... RT : Great line by Kevin
watch this show called the lying game it's very interesting watch episode 1 all the way to 4 they give it every Monday
life size fruit ninja game at dave and busters, it's great
Had to sheepishly admit that I know nothing about the biz side of our digital content and social media.
Any followers have a good crime novel they wrote? Has to be available for kindle. Hit me!
very great stuff to eat! 4 me it's great
As h
Amen and amen. God be forever praised! xx
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
what a silly thing to say... Sorry for your deafness...
Just ate snacks that brought back from China; noticed too late the small print on every package: "Food Sanitation License: NO"
Half time. 1 to nil, in both sides.United need more goals, QPR need to score and keep at level with City or win. Come on!!!!!
Dalton diary: PM speaks in Secret Session at great length and very well; carries the House.
I cannot wait to see this new project!
Why the fuck would you say that? RT : Parents don't care about your happiness, they just care about your safety.
L.A. friends, go see Seoulsonic 2012 w/ Crying Nut, 3rd Line Butterfly, and Yellow Monsters at the Viper Room on Thurs. 4/5!
new music finally uploaded to the station!
You want it... you're gonna have to work for it... it's just way too damn good to just give away!
We have tickets for Striking Back w/ The Vallar, City in the Sea, Madison Drive [All Ages]] Sept 17 at The Crocodile!
If a guy likes you, and you tell him to go hang out with friends, and that you'll talk to him later, he'll text you saying "no I wanna talk"
She wanted to buy me a ticket for drake tomorrow for my graduation present so i could go with her, but they are all gone........ -______-t
Why God did u choose me?Who am I hearing n why.And why on earth do I hav precognative dreams bout certain parts of my future when upset?wtf!
<U+266A>Keep On Loving You - REO Speedwagon
RT the snackers’ credo says it’s okay to “tide yourself over” while embracing the fact that you’re not really hungry.
"Impressed, the man reached in his pocket for the $50. "And by the way," the blonde added, "that's not a Porch, it's a Ferrari."
I know you miss me.
#YouWereCuteUntil I saw what was on the inside.
We are live tonite at the Executives Ball benefitting libraries!
LISTEN! RT : Ready.Great stuff on tonight's show like new
thanks for the
Another great win by the Yankees! I got to see the highlights of this game esp Montero's homerun
RT : I'm always making it harder on who ever is coming next.
Watching my most favorite movie of all time. :)
well darlin if you ever wanna hook up you know how to find me i wont close that door so feel free
RT I am under construction right now... God is working on me!!!!
U're a beast out there lady! I'll be at the game tomorrow (front row) watchin you kill those chicks! Good luck!
good point.
Only working this morning because I'm celebrating my birthday later today with a haircut, massage, and a family party.
Thanks to everyone for coming out to the opening on Friday! The energy was unbelievable. Can't wait to get the factory started tomorrow!
what does it say when you golf better from the opposite of your dominant side?
RT : interactions are the brand. Collections are your point of difference to other venues. complimentary
Choosing Eye Glasses? Look for anti-reflective coating and consider a tint to reduce glare from harsh overhead lighting in the office.
Manchester City! 2 goals in extra time to win the title!
Follow Friday #FF Amazing innovative companies
I honestly don't think NY is all that great! Mabe its just because Ive been living here all my life
Worst Hotel bed I've ever slept in. Back has me cringing in pain and now I'm up with a FN migrane. Like to the 10th power.
get that wet on the ground you know
I love Kyle!!
I forgive you Ronald:)) I need my boyz rockin that
follow me?
This account has been a little twitter dream of mine for a while. Finally it's come true. ;)
Chris Mann and Cristina killed it on their duet.
thanks for the RT and happy belated Easter to you and the missus
and benefits so few.
Next man up-shaw.
It appears in Hamilton County moderates were the winners.
Best line from was the serious/accurate bashing of what the press has become at the very end.
How many times can I watch Apple's revolution in computers? It doesn't seem to tire me. Especially during a good run on the treadmill.
The money i get back from your gift I'm buying some kush yo,
20 mins and no red line southbound... 300+ on platform.
I kinda hate seein melo lose..he is a ggod player and deserves a ring
and thats when I had to bring out the extinguisher
Oh thats so sweet! Plz pass my wishes for a Happy Anniversary to your grandparents.
lol Ikr! I made him laugh today like laugh laugh then my mom yelled lol
Damn. Good thing I'm leaving soon! Escaping the BS.
Thanks for linking to our site!
Watching playing with team Texas Fuel. Really enjoying the game! Very intense! He's leading with 30 pts. at the half.
you too!!
Dont count your days. Make your days count.
RT : join us at the student activities center for FREE CANDY (I said this in Oprah's give away voice)...
invite any friends you like. I'll have more details soonish
Mexico has had so many opportunities!
well yee haw
Great day to be a Lancer!!!
WWOS sends its deepest sympathys to the family of Wash Capitals goalie Jose Theodore whose 2 moth old son has died, we are sorry
You must read Into Thin Air by Jon Krakauer if you like Everest region. You can go to Everest. I am
belated thank you for your hospitality. love your co-working space and what u r doing in Austin! occupy everything.
Poor baby has butt rash. He's whimpering because it burns, and I can't do anything to help him. :(
When's the next season coming up, can't wait to see how you're doing
I thought she was bad built cause her tigs
How's my #film processing coming along? No rush, but I'd love to see some prints soon and have another chat. ;)
#ryan #braun handles himself as well as any past or present pro athlete in front of a mic.
Why is there no other rangoon? Why does crab have a monopoly on rangoon?
Hell Yeah.
Being called a dork >>>>>>
As I walked out of PBS' offices, Sit and Be Fit was playing on the monitors. Bless you, PBS, for all the formative memories.
Great suggestions RT : Q9 CPR Manual, Choking hazards, poison help. Other baby items. Like meds, ointments
Hanging up my 1D posters. :) x
16 innings sox. What the hell?!?!
Lady on the train giving baltimore recommendations: phillips seafood and power plant live. She would be wise to start reading Bohs and o's
It was a good day for the met sox
(Cont) The other is XFILES last feature film. Alien-Bilderberg-Club of Rome alliance to.....introduce a H1N1 type virus...ironically engnrd
Hahahahah sorry! You're not dumb, they probably hang out all the time! c;
Just chowed down a buffalo chicken wrap and sweet potato fries pre-WOD. - It's probably ok...
No problem. Great work!
playing chris brown remix fet. Rihanna in few min crazy dope.. Blast that dj!!!!
i see your true colors
lmao. Smh !! Don't get so bad we put you on that show though. Haha.
Smooth ride 2 Ft Wayne tonight. Pioneers take on Manchester at 3pm tomorrow. Going for win # six. Women play @ 1 pm. W.transysports.com
you fancy, huh?
On Wed night, a tire flew off my car as I turned a corner. Thank goodness that my uncle has #A! Now I'm trying to get it fixed.
thanks for the follow back!
Easiest way to wake up in the morning? Have it be sixty degrees.
& goodnight to my adorable little boy who lives a/b halfway around the world. I pray the Lord blesses this child & his family abundantly! <3
Skinny hot dogs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BESTFRIEND JAIME! Finally 15!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088> LOVE YEW
Anytime You made my day. Much respect and ill keep my eyes peeled for your new disk!
Telling someone "I had a dream about you" is code for: I had a dream we fucked and now I want to.
Long but fruitful day collecting interview and archival data. Reviewing imsges & glad that I'm collecting all the latter with d90+50mm prime
Who's up i just got up and I'm bored and its raining
RT : Apparently, prunes have gotten an image make-over and are now known as "dried plums." Who decides these things?
Answering Questions & Helping You Plan Your NYC Trip! Txt 6465806445 Tel 1800972 9940
I know! I always say it to myself when I'm stressed out !
For this audition, call me Dr. August.
(looking at the pink stain on the wall) "is it dead?" - David De LaRocco #favoriteboondocksaintquotes /via
Got it at Best Buy.
“: Listening to my bro #goodmusic #soundcloud” thanks bro!!!
TT, I think I got a dope idea for the "gift" project. Hehehehe!!!
We're here to help. Keep us posted on your progress!
yes I am very interested. #hokas help runners win 100m.
I'm within one standard deviation from the mean lottery numbers. Does that count for something?
If you gone lie to me just stay the fuck away from me
Welcome to Miami, great to have you here this weekend. Best of luck to you.
Love to watch on , but there is no way I'm turning off Chris' programming is WAY more relevant.
Boston needs the power of the stache.
Wish I could go back to Hofstra & take your class. coursework is very well thought out. They doing any fieldwork in Hempstead?
Day 2 of #densi super fun (and tiring). Great to meet my team tonight.
awesome! let us know your WF username once you input some recommendations so we can check them out.
The inside of a shower drain of a girls bathroom is incredibly horrific... Ohmygosh! :/ *gags*
Thanks south!
#onceuponatime ABC, please deposit my cut... PayPal preferred.
yep! And hes a wing player
I voted YES on the merger! Vote today, and members today for !
i think he regrets the whole show , i know i do
I want a ticket!..
a fish from Australia
sounds pretty awesome
All you'd need is one rude houseguest (or small child :-) and there goes the wallpaper!
Who is this "Roman Holiday"? Weird.
Cannot sleep and have work at 8am... This is the worst.
What is going on this weekend in this great city of ours?
THIS WEEK! • lemurs • patent law • pinger party • masseuse • zin tasting • a whole lotta work happening come join us!
Thanks, I'm stoked!
Im in SanD for short lend, back to heat tomorrow. :-(. Brrrr here!
Woo, cheese fans, Pastoral is on Twitter!
I'm having a jolly day!
Workin my hardest to make my #dreams into
The rigidity of the calendar-month-at-a-time calendar view really hacks me off! Why can't I see a rolling 4-5 week future view of my life?
RIVERS EDGE IS ON NETFLIX INSTANT! (I'm using caps because I'm throughly stoked.)
Our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments. ~Henry Ward Beecher
If you believe in yourself have dedication pride never quit you'll be a winnerThe price of victory is high but soare therewards P Bryant.
I agree cause I'm out and about..lol": Lol i think itll be better if romo stayed n ny until the next game"
known universe shifts wildly now, doesn't it?
No way!
#Spotify Eric Ott Letter Box now streaming!
wow your lucky to already be done haha
Lol I love Alli to death. <U+E022>
Wow. Never thought you could recreate a lifetime of being a #Bears fan in one plus quarter, but there you go. Gut wrenching.
That's what the read-only login is for!
I'm so sorry ignore the tweet that was sent, I was hacked.
my bands gotta show may 12 at music evolution in Orland park, I better see both of you there!!!
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
good u ? Ha ha
(NEW MUSIC) ASHSTEN JAMES MARIAH "remix": via
Very fitting for a player that had to deal with a lot of change and craziness during his 4 years at UK.
"I Hate My Face" is treading wtf. YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL THE WAY YOU ARE!! Don't let anyone tell you different.
This paper is the last thing I want to be doing. But on the plus side, I am 1/4 of the way finished with my 1st set of courses
I've FINALLY uploaded my Challenge 6 photo--check it out!
aw what's wrong hun????
Another day on the beach! I'm getting WAY to used to this.
I just don"t understand why my love isn't good enough.
Psalm 85:10 Love and faithfulness meet together; righteousness and peace kiss each other.
Wow! Just asked execs from Dow, Dupont, etc to open up their data. Some actually followed up with me to continue the conversation
you should..(; that would be funn
I'm HYPE!!! Who's it gonna be... Heat or Mavs??
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very thankful for those who follow PC!
Sure, why not? RT : Pizza again for lunch? Lol
What is your favorite solo piano album of all time?
I didnt mean to get carried away, I've been awake for two days and I'm barely awake.
I'm too tired and hungry to do calculus
Great information from with a bonus of great coffee & wifi. thanks,
#RESPECT RT : YA'll ain't got no love for #1vsMany ??!! Ya'll ain't got no love for and 'Isaac William Shmaschemov ?!!!!
Authenticity is a byproduct of human connection. People want to connect with people, not strategies.
I love you ! You are the best guy who doesn't know me-non friend-won't follow me-guy a guy could ever have.
You rock in em! RT :Thanks for the high waist skinnies! They fit like a second skin - love 'em!
Haven't seen the oscar favs yet, but I enjoyed Muppets, Tinker/Tailor, Horrible Bosses, Project Nim & Conan O'Brien Can't Stop.
Gruden heated on #Badgers Russell Wilson with Kiper Jr: "He's gonna go real quick. He's going to be one of those guys that defies the odds."
Let your natural energy take you where you need to be
I'm at the point inllife where i've gotta figure out what i'm doing with myself...
thanks for spreading the word Jen, hope you are well!!
I cant remember the last time I wasn't at least "kind of" tired.
I can't wait for 's tweet attack!(: Hopefully i get a answer(: ILOVEYOU!!! <U+2665>
Except Brown is American. Which makes him a Real American Hero.
Thanks for all your great tweets Tim! RT Now listening to 's #ATV3 LEOP Mission Director Adam Williams.
I Love Shake It Up RT if you do too ( singing like spongebob ) haha =D
i know rite
Start-up or Fortune 500, every organization should mentor their people. A process is ideal, making the time to do it is essential.
Physical Agility Test this morning. Pray for me.
• I want Brewers. Why no Brewers? I found where I should'a been in the NLDS photo, but was at the seam & they don't seam seamlessly.
I just can't get enough.
HAPPY FATHER DAY TO ALL THE DADS OUT IN THE WORLD :)
where he performing at?
You should respond to him then. I'd love to see which information is inaccurate.
#Blackparentsquotes•Y'all Drank&Eat up everythang..cabinets gon' be dry round here til the first<U+E411>
Car racing today was so amazing. You can get addicted watching a 3 lb car go 2 miles an hour around an indoor track.
Aw how cool i bet your so Happy right now!!! :)
sure. When we have time.
Good morning, friends! Did you have a good weekend?
Nothing gets me all fucked up then someone randomly entering your life unexpected making you feel different - - happy and then it ends
cool. RT : BuildingMoxie it was for a client, but if it works well, I may end up using it in my own home.
You thought right haha
we missed you on the ice last night, hope it's not the dreaded upper or lower body injury. Hope you'll be back soon.
: knowing the quality of the cause should change the way we look @ how much $ goes to programs
#BeezdaTrap on mtv this morning
nigga but the giving you that check AT THE SAME DAMN TIME!!!!! Lmfao LML
is the place to be at.
IM TRYING TO FIND SOME FOLLOWERS WHO HAVE NEVER HEARD OF THIS #TATTOOMUSIC I SPEAK OF
Thanks for swinging by yesterday John. It was nice to meet you.
Wants a vacation so bad!!!!!
Dude! These FL Idiots need to quit making excuses & make an arrest before FL burns!! All everyone wants & deserves is the truth!!
another is termination for fired
How funny! When someone walks into my store they atomatically say Yum smells like a candy store they forget all the stress that came w/them
Thanks for the follow! See you at the F20 Summit.
head over to crazy lils for $1 natty lights and $3 cherry + grape bombs!
i was gonna wish on 11:11 but as i was going to,it turned to 11:12 haha, oh wale!! x)
Updated Tweetdeck after who-knows-how-long. I feel like a laggard who just got IE6 ripped from my deathgrip. Lost. Confused. Alone.
what if u r not.
Your articles are all rendered unreadable by your ad formatting right now, Grantland. Boo.
Miami's back on...just have to take a little detour through Chitown.
Everyware has profound implications beyond previous IT paradigms. EVERYWARE. By Adam Greenfield
Can't wait...Jefferey Campbell and I are going to collab on a project together for Urban.
Did you miss the point of the question? (That she wouldn't need to drop the privilege tag on those agreeing)
I'm going to check out the launch of
thanks ! You too!!
#TargetCanada is going to be tight
haha okay :D ......oh n i said 'mindblowing' hmm wait ... "mindblowing" there ya go lol
this is fantastic news. RT The fans have spoken...Slightly Stoopid and on tour Summer 2012
SOMEBODY CALL MY MOMMA! Funkasaurus on #Wrestlemania!
I liked the revival of La Cage. The lead was great…I believe Douglas was his name.
Ha my mom thinks im staying here for college. Think again mother
It's been almost a year and no tweets. I'm fine. How are you?
Announcement: Lord K's vocal chords are now completely healed.
Klusoz was crazy last night!!!!! = Tonight we continue the party @ Bombay Ranch! Tonyc graduation party part 2 ( people might pass out)
He may not be perfect but he's perfect me i love all his imperfections they make him unique
Abita specials & giveaways, trivia Tuesday, Timmy Michelle & Sarah on the bar, laissez les bon temps rouler at the Mellow tonight!
Wouldn't you love to skip applying eyeliner everyday? Look and the befoe and after photos and think about it.
was wrong wiit that one
So Alex Gordon apparently hates winning?
oh that's right! hooray! tell him again, he's a little dense.
what is wrong with these people
Don't mention it buddaye RT Sorry this is taking so long.
The Poet of ComicVine is now #80!
"Out of pain comes creation"
#Tennessee benefits not payable on basis of services to individuals who provided services to/on behalf of edu institutions cc
No doubt non-classical... Yup, the definitions of genres are cloudy! My work is more like creations from the heart. Cheers!
Interpolation = in my concrete block one room home with 8 Mozambican orphans last season watching Daytona on Net. Bulging Eyes!
I really hope he sees it too. he deserves it hah
anything well.
as are you Crumpelstiltskin.
Who's celebrating birthday tomorrow at Savoy!? No excuses there's no school or work! RT RT
Is that "sturdy" or "dirty?" I'm only in the market for the former.
To view American Legacy's Mobile Truck Experience visit www.youtube.com/americanlegacymag.com today!
I gave a tour to 's Jackie Gaughan and his family today!
i need sum food real bad~~
needs to learn to be nice..
Sound of Things exhibit opens at the Oakland Museum of California- check it out - May 1-2, all day and night
#rtmediasummit jim iovino of nbc4 and arin greenwood of huffpo-Be cogniscent of what reporters want for story when pitching, make it easy
s/o to one of my best friends , i can talk to her about anything, she's the best, and really cool and funny too!
: Hahahaha. That was probably us. Oh man :)
New avatar for #Preakness ... me and 's Tiger Walk.
Did you hear the Los Angeles Community College District is building green & its one of the nation's largest green construction efforts
huichica, fyf, possibly outside lands and pickathon. So many great festival lineups this summer!
That hilarious moment when you fall and everyone thinks you're hurt but you are laughing
A Pimp Named Slick Back.
Dear Comrade, our operatives have been "following" you all along, and we haven't been too happy with your recent actions.
does #libleadership have any special characteristics related to it?
Who sends flowers on Valentines Day? Cupigs!
I think I'm so used to traveling that I get antsy when Im home. I feel glad to be back in my bunk.
Doing the right thing doesn't always feel right. Have a nasty feeling I may be a key player in 2 fellow employees quitting/getting fired.
WORK AT HOME TIP: Put a small amount of money aside regularly to help you through the "lean months."
Looking forward to watching pilot the No. 38 Great Clips Chevrolet to victory tonight. First of 3 wins for KK this weekend!
I wish i woulve seen Jason's nerd face!! Dangit i missed it <U+E403><U+E105>
“: You know I just voted yes for #SAGAFTRA merger ! #OneUnion” We share an urge to merge! Join us in voting YES!
Downloading The Devil Inside...let's see how scary it is
food stamps are not welfare. Welfare hasn't existed since the 90s.
Don't stop living because someone else chooses to be a quitter!
What a woman wants to do with her body is her business but what Ahmadinejad wants to do with nuclear weapons affects us all.
Love that the #Wizards had a players only meeting that was....15 minutes long. Yeah...had quite an impact.
I'm a WOMAN. I dont smoke, drink, or party every weekend. I don't sleep around or start drama
Best day ever!!! Accidentally got a little piece of bacon in my salad! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7>
Ford Motor Company posts its strongest U.S. March sales in five years with 223,418 vehicles sold, a 5 percent sales increase over last March
Save time in the gym
maybe, now I have to pay more attention
Disney again tomorrow.
The #WellsFargo Here+Now 20Twelve is rocking with live band and a hype crowd! The excitement is out of this world!
It is for ALL clubs, designed for GOOGLE searches, need the club number and invite code - we set up the pages.
im going to grow my hair out you guys!!!! <3
Call for artists for Northeastern's 2012 interdisciplinary grad conference "Memory Remains." Send submissions to memoryremains2012
The grass in right field looks like its been photoshopped.
thanks Azalea :) I hope I'll grow to like it or get it fixed.. Or stop being so dramatic.
How old are you? You never know with them :p
The mention of bringing back Arrested Development as a result of listening to social feedback generated much applause. As it should.
Woah, just saw someone compare Herb Kohl's ownership of the Bucks with that of Al Davis and the Raiders. Not quite.
Thx! We're letting them know about the error -- Karen Greenberg joined Fordham Law in fall 2011
Great photo! Knowing it won't do the country or your trip justice, how would u describe visiting Vietnam in <140 characters?
exactly & with a boy theres LESS DRAMA !
Economics at eight.
anyone know how to sort msgs in the #newtwitter? mine appear in random order and it would be nice to sort them by date
Q: do you think im cute? A: i don't know you profile picture is a car so im guessing your a transformer;3
thanks for the follow ...i love you.
Life is so beautiful.
How about now?
It looks like will be a great event but it is misleading to call investments "prize money".
Coffee and studying.....?
#FF thanks! blog is solid.
Married With Children never gets old
seriously thanks. It's more fun when twitter isn't about yourself... Being new to twitter I needed to know that..
Peyton Manning- Indy's favorite son, we are proud of you and thankful for the best experience a sport could offer. Forever cheering our
"Carpe these nuts" -
I just want to enjoy my self is that to much to ask for
at work
If you don't follow
So tired
u look familiar... do we no eachotha
So we shouldn't get too excited. Regression to the mean. What's your theory as to why he's so good in April? Batters timing?
Omg. Your smile.<3
Haha yeah, yeah- we love it! I never thought we would go as often as we do living in Louisiana
is currently singing to the little mermaid...
First sky dive experience - amazing!!!! What a rush!
Welp getting braces next week!
The Literary Love Poem contest at is on 2/29!
<--- Is being given the silent treatment. lol
I did not know was an Aries & she's one of my best friend.
#ATSU Faculty: Respondus 4.0 is now available to you in your Downloads folder within the Portal. The new version is worth the download!
RT God turn the heat down
Shots Shots Shots !
!!! RT : I don't know how to express my feelings for shit
People might not get all they work for in this world, but they must certainly work for all they get. Frederick Douglass (1817 - 1895)
love you seeeester <U+2764>
Just watched my cofounder kill it at #vatorsplash --- go !
Instead, fear the Lord and turn away from evil..
you pee your bed
running around promotin the show!!!! just got home to do homework!!! BOO!!! can't wait for pract. tonight!!!
At the lab with the best of em#dream stodeo
Can't ever sleep in this town.
for your mktg peeps: MT is looking to fill 2 marketing specialists and 2 sales positions immediately fb.me/16QGJwMos
she wants yours too, apparently she cant fill out a restraining order form without it.
I have no patience for those who constantly waste my time. Be about your business
Inspired by you, looking for my way to serve that fills me up too!
It's often the small things - like a warm chai tea on a very chilly morning :-)
Awesome, thanks! :)
You say you want 3 we can meet at the Valero..
- Learned a lot. So inspired to hear your talk. Hoping for greater #accountability in #wash and
This dude thinks my twitters fake lmao!
Long night
lol. No. I seriously have been a 49ers fan since the days of Ronnie Lott and them back in the day.
you identify T. Murphy as a Dem in your story rather than a Republican...
Done! Sorry 'bout that.
Inter Caesa et Porrecta => There's many a slip twixt cup and lip
I always say I'm gonna go to bed early but I never do.
#mercadito #fail on service. Good on food.
Thanks for the link. (Love - use it everyday!)
my pleasure! So great to meet you today!
Me: "one of the chicken strips looked like Steven Tyler" My mom: "it did?" Me: "yeah, it looked like a dirty old man"
looked crazy...I am not a camping kind of girl ;)
What are the new rules for "calling" someone after a date in a world with Twitter, MySpace, Facebook, email, blogs, and RSS feeds?
Cheesy grits and honey!
Besides me, who is going snowboarding at Bear Mountain tomorrow???
Good night sweet dreams talk to u later! Luv all U!!
like wht text me
Cristina + her dog = some of my favorite tweets! RT : I just saw my dog smile while sleeping. My life is complete.
Broken down just outside of DC. Who needs brakes??
#FF #FollowFriday Kelley Currie Random tweeting about Asia (mostly China), human rights, democracy and US politics
If beard were an animal, it would undoubtedly have zero natural predators and every living organism would be its natural prey.
How did they respond?
Pretty cool .... I'm programming iPhone 5 and iPad 3 apps ... yeah youtube.com/watch?v=3UytiX…
Still dreaming of amazing food on the streets of Denver - need that cart!
Well, I'm relieved I got behind on This American Life and never listened to the Apple episode.
What's everyone doing for the Superbowl? Hope you all have a great night!
To Weed Or Not To Wed (:
No matter how long I've been in racing, the four wide salute to the fans never gets old.
Body lookn like Milk
But iv been just so busy. :o
As their upcoming IPO is reportedly estimated to raise $2B to $7B; probably too large to bite off as an aqu. for most cmpnies
I've Got a Feelin that 2day's gonna be a GOOD DAY! #TPC, Family & Friends...def a GOOD DAY!
My skin right now <<<
Roses are red, Violets are blue. So were my eyes... When you said I love you <3 (HUH. Sounded better in my head..)
Bring Back Ringer 12
lmfao i know she was like my favorite flavor of Popsicle is DICK
haha oh yeah, I can't complain! And I get to come back tomorrow! Hype hype hype
yeah same here
Thanks Detroit for an Amazing Show!!! #MSU Swangers!
A hug is a powerful thing to some people,
Was sleep woke back up fuck im tired
Everyone just relax. <U+270C>
“: Vikings Stadium bill passes full senate 38 - 28. "
I 2nd that!
hm lets get to planning on some mountain moves! you in?
Have a great parade - I gots to work.
Pay attention to detail, do the little things - they make the biggest difference
82 degrees in Long Beach right now! looks like another perfect weekend for hydrobiking! call 562-546-2493 to reserve a ride!
:) RT : Have you seen the new Verlo mismatch commercial? It stars Nice!!
When your heart is broken, your boats are burned: nothing matters any more. It is the end of happiness and the beginning of peace. --GBShaw
let's be honest, would you rather have him or the McMoxie-Bolden-Jones holy triumvirate, though?
Thanks to everyone who made the cooking demo a success! We will be offering a FREE cooking demo and tasting each month!
I wanna know!!!:D
I weigh 2.82 Firkin! I better lose a stone.
Today we begin working on a fashion photo-shoot for the upcoming summer campaign of a top department store, February 27-29.
all you had to do was say you wanted me instead of subtweetin' me ;) jk!
yep. Gave a talk yesterday. You down here?
Any of my PR friends out there looking for a #prjobs? We have a position open at the SAE level. DM me.
Usually yes
yessir you should stop by tomorrow night. Several Brewers will be there, George Kottaras is guest bartending.
OH SHE KNOW...I TOLD HER QUIT TALKING THAT MESS TO ME "pounds first in hand"
RT "NO SORRY, SANTORUM, YOU MUST CARRY YOUR DEAD PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN TO FULL TERM."
I like how you're a bitch now
hehehhe I got one of those from my mom!
No, not really. But it was a milestone I never thought I'd reach. So I was shocked when I did. And I miss it is all.
i love this!! next show will u know all the words? :)
so sorry you went to the box too many times this week.
Have what it takes to be the next best thing? Head to VC 3-270 and audition for Baruch's Got Talent competition from 12:30 - 2:30 today!
You didn't have to stoop so low..
What would you say if i told you i love you ??? love your songs ! good ! i kno im jst a fan but I LOVE YOU lol
Pac-12 might as well just start the season on March 7th next year.
Praying for your precious daughter and family! So concerned.
So what do users expect out of I.T.? Glad you asked:
name dropped
Sorry, Andrew Luck. Looks like Tebow will be the first pick this year.
Do you think Sherlock reads John's emails to girlfriends? Oh, poor John.
Good luck!!
#osamabinladen We are researching here to figure out why buried at sea? speculates it was to keep from him getting exhumed
Chump Car racing today and tomorrow.... Who's planning to be there?
you Rock
practice tonight at Temple track, then hopefully back in time to see final minutes of a SWEEP
Which areas of your home are usually the busiest, and how do you try to protect your flooring in these high traffic zones?
Hatred is an affair of the heart; contempt that of the head.
i miss ANGELO!!
Wow! RT 25 Billion Apps Downloaded From the Apple App Store
Wonderful candidates forum tonight! Thanks so much to everyone that attended.
I think you're right
#HowToAnnoyYourServer sit on your Bluetooth for 20 minutes while I'm waiting for take your order. And wave me away when I check on you.
She didn't look nothing like her avi lmao
we would like a tweetboard at our event tonight at Maria Maria. Do we have enough time to set up by 7?
My family is too much right now!!
aw thanks <3
If you don't design your own life plan you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Usually not much.Rohn
Spring break!!!!! Yes!!! Fighting next week in Houston. Ready to stay up late and play video games!!!!
Gorgeous day out! So what time is it supposed to snow?
what is this?
You inspire me to dance! And i love you and I love the #ROAMMusicVideo ! <3 xoxo
forecast here is high of 49, no rain, which is perfect for New York City Marathon runners, not the spectators
Oh. Duh!
's new icon is so cutee! He has such a cute nosee<333 lmfaoo
lol ok good now no one has to worry
But they playing the Lakers tho lol RT : These are the type of games I live to watch<U+2755> OKC vs LAC<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
ahaha awesome! I'ma see if i can swing a geetar bag, too...
Apparently average offensive skills, a couple of flakey goals, and a lot of horrible defensive play means big bucks these days.
Hi all. Happy that you are following. Thank you:
There are weirder things. More bananas for me! But I don't like banana pudding, so we're even.
And the 'Its okay we still got rings' tweets will commence in 5..4..3..2..1.......
you betta stop and scoop up some tacos...
hi c:
FINALLY in the theater for #MidnightHungerGames. Got an awesome seat! I'm so STOKED! Let the games begin.
“ This year can be your year of "thriving" instead of "striving." The key is living in God's grace and power, not your own.”
Not even pretending to be able to deal with this rush hour traffic
haha I get paid in kentucky
Great int by Rambo in OT for the
At S+J hideaway for turkey day dinner. So grateful for great friends to share Thanksgiving with (and partake in cranberry digestif later) ;)
is there a T3 event tonight?
That's awesome girl :) Are you competing in kick next year?!
why are you so fucking flawless
their cheddar chicken on Wednesday is fantastic!
come with yeah?
#3WordsOfAdvice don't be fake!
Wear that on Wednesday!
Haha, Facebook thinks I'm actually friends with the people I add. Cute <3
I say thee nay!
Fighting jet lag via eating a macaroon every time my eyelids start to close
Almost time-see you at "To Be Heard" tonight 7pm-kicking off our doc series!
hope I win!! This would be amazing! :)
are you coming Saturday or what?!?!? :)
I totally agree!
miss you you stunnerr!!!
Hard to believe no one has invented a riding vacuum cleaner with refrigerated keg holder and wireless ESPN.
Midnight Strikes Midtown; $95 open bar, complimentary toast at midnight, and great music by Kidd Star!
Great job Brad! Roll Tide!!
maybe we could do both
your freeweights? why were they using the 2.5s?
what are you doing???
Any cheesesteak $5 continues until 3pm today at the store Alta/Decatur. Not too late to get you cheez on!
Glimpsed Space Shuttle Discovery from the bus this morning. Amazing sight.
TWITTER'D!!!1
Another great #SFGiants game.
wats ya email
no problem not celebrating today doing work stuff
Dang, Bruno Mars killed it.. I need to find a new look or quit. Fml
Ladies, just a thought, if your feet have a bad toenail to toemeat ratio.... DO NOT WEAR SANDALS!! Thank You
kind of sounds like that song john doe but its cute i like it...
The worst part is, is that you actually mean that. *barfs*
Indeed. What you up to, ?
Realized was pretty mean in this season. But she wanted it so...
is open from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. today. 13,000 new and used books for your reading pleasure.
Stomach is aching this morning. Probably because I was the one who cooked dinner last night.
You're welcome! RT watched a show & suddenly remebered yr lecture in Örebro. totally related to yr words THANKS
Isn't it wonderful?! Windows open here and the scent of fresh cut grass- very happy. But you're still neurotic and I love it.
I got heartburn :(
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support(727) 474 9988 69$ Divorce. Tampa -Friday Special. Call NOW
"Decision Points" by George Bu-...oh it's #englishmajordrinks nevermind...
Awesome side benefit of being at #asecs12. So many new Twitter and Facebook friends!
doing anything to enjoy the weather today?
In rehearsal...at
Thanks, man. US has to knock down the outside looks. Long rebounds = transition hoops for the Orange = typical disgusting display
I can get you tagged with one of those mircotracking chips if you'd like
approaching Lincoln Square.
Lady Gaga branded karaoke app for the iPhone/iTouch hits the Apple itunes app store on Monday, 11/23. Be one of the first to get your copy!!
gotta give her props she aint quittin on that shit haha she making that sub look hella stupid!!
will do
I so agree. This needs to stop. No one should feel that suicide is an option.
You still mean everything to me, but you're just not worth the fight anymore."
haha so good!
heading to telluride next week for the bluegrass fest so cant make it -- tell everyone i said hello!
<--- I know of at least one that's jealous.
that is my ex roommate...but I was too busy to complete task...so usually just ended up getting door shut
would you be interested in instructing? it's a week long in august.
My grandfather had a portable one. I wish I had it today.
hope your weekend is rad!
The presentation to the doctors at Hasbro went well. Hope to get a copy of the video to share
Looking forward to tonight's episode of #HardcorePawn and you yet again being better than Seth. Go #teamashley. :-)
Hate when he keeps tryin to get back with me for the 4th time, just stop bro. Enought is enought.
#PunxsutawneyRomney will hide for 6 More Months! "Only The Shadow Knows!" Boo!
Miss you more mama. Sending hugs and kisses to you and my beautiful girls!!!
Good luck with that(:
Mom and dad just signed me up for advanced puppy classes at I am so excited to go learn and play!
bout time i tweet lol
I just went on an did it today, you just add it on.
LOVE when Olivia does that head nod after she completes a sentence!
Morning Twitter folks
Sounds like a good time! RT Can't wait to introduce to a breakfast buzz smoothie when we come for the Color Run..
why? You would do the exact same thing...
can I talk to you??
or rather, Monday. forgot I'm working it from home tomorrow. Lulz.
Thank you Patsy! I'm thrilled you enjoyed it.
YO KID WAKE YO BUTT UP AND GET ONLINE!!!!!
Apparently there were Aristotelian themes in Source Code. Thank goodness that there are précis to cause this kind of contemplation.
Restart #gnome-shell to clear transient notifications. That's an unexpected step.
This feeling is terrible, make it go away.
umm can I just say I can't wait for the movies?!
Raise your weapons...
RT The acoustics & acapellas in some of the songs is just amazing
My daddy's Carne Asada is the best! Always makes me proud!
uhh yeah. that sort of happened... xD
HAPPY SEVEN MONTH ANNIVERSARY, NATHANIEL. :)
hahah and blatantly peeing in the middle of the street
I love it!! I couldn't believe how young we looked.
I think to trend it must have # yes?
Saw a barely used board go for $20 last night. If it's anything like last night, today looks to be a great day at the Ski Patrol Ski Swap!
watching the mail vlog!!
florida a fun team to watch cause they light it up from three... should be a great game with marqu
most useless family in america!
Mass incarceration from a drug war is simply Bad policy.
at great American ball park! But besides that, in my living room on the big screen!
dont cry!! i know people that can fix that.
Thanks for the follow Chuck Bluestein (whizkid7)! :)
I was there for that...
I will be there!!!!!! And so will and We wouldn't miss it!
#buckeye football is back! #springgame #gobucks!
Great article- thanks for sharing Dallas!
May that's less copyright and enters a different realm and I'm using the wrong verbiage.
um my daughter is that a new tattoo?
Try a Chinese chair massage. Those guys dig in really deep to get the knots out.
That certainly does take half the cake. A-hem.
Be a Lady not a Bitch
Aw yea PSYCH!
Has a messier candy bar than Butterfinger been invented?
Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips over, pinning you underneath. At night, the ice weasels come. <U+2665>
kk im going to work on it promise bcuz ur friendship means the world to me :)
You could do the trendy thing and cheer for the underdog powerhouse: Boise State
#WeCantBeTogetherIf your paranoid
I'm talking about the thing where Jones and Ruth were the only ones.
#shahs that Ge Ge needs a good butt whoopin....
Sergie stopped replying.
I just have 1. I would b willing to let go of it, if I knew 1 of u would get it. I'm a huge thunder lightning fan
"It hurts me to think that you've ever cried." ~Niall Horan (Stand Up)
Ok good morning dollies n genties I just got up n I'm n pain but I love it cause its good pain...love working out...go veggi..got to love it
You still sound like crap!
RT : Could a crisis occur on Pinterest? Yes. Be prepared to respond to control chatter on all networks you have a presence...
you sure?
Annoyed..cuz when I get hit w/the bad, it really comes..nt a little at a time but it's kinda like the big bang...
Support Dining Out for Life tomorrow night between 5-8pm and 10% of sales will be donate to help local HIV and AIDS organizations
Driving to Irving. ETA 1:31 PM using - Social GPS.
It's your birthday? Happy!
Feel like shit today ..... Recieved awful news Thursday and i'm sick ..... Urghh!!!!
Social media will be a better marketing tool than email in 3-5 years -Ricky Choi
That's dog food and dry cat food. I want the Fancy Feast that is in the cupboard.
Jus so u kno I did produce fresco Kane aka gena new single "they do"....
lmmfao hahahahaha it's a jungle in there
Excuse me as I shoot this girl in the face.
Timothy Bradley Jr. defends #WBO junior welterweight title with 8th-round TKO of Joel Casamayor
Harry is already on LA?
#DCision12 and/or #DCPrimary I think
Okay I promise i'll write more!! just let me finish my math homework
Two years ago today I went to my first ever Taylor Swift concert. Little did I know then that that concert would change my life.
I never have, but I see it on the Travel Channel and Food Network all the time. Thus, realizing that my life is not complete
Talking about how we "like it," lol.
definitely interested in the test
Well thank you.... happy to be spending it with my family... but thanks to my bro, drinks a-plenty!
Time to watch what I eat... literally.
If I die young, bury me in satin. Lay me down on a bed of roses. Sink me in the river at dawn, send me away with the words of a love song.
Your sweet moon-beam, the smell of you in every single dream I dream.
Depends on what time zone ur in, it comes on at 7 for me, try 7 or 8 somewhere near
#RISD Annual Fund and Alumni Association are at iModules #Sizzler11 conference. Looking forward to better engaging with our alums!
Graduated 1 year ago today. It's amazing the things you can do in 365 days to change your life forever.
Great presentation by Shyam Sankar and the Palantir folks, and great to see their AnalyzeTheUS site.
For Christmas I want a semicolon and a switchblade comb.
Unless they win another title. Eventually they'll have to do a full week of shareholder meetings, lol
Guess who's hosting Hannity's radio program this evening? Our buddy, !
Build and be a constituency, move form the individual level to the collective when demanding that what works gets to scale
haha LOVE that episode :)
who are you and how did you get on my timeline?
...and the two radio stations are both local - WBAL-AM and 98 Rock. The TV stations sites are all run off the same basic template..
So I can be their official #TwitterJock for #SummerJamz15 June 23 at Chene Park ...get to hang with the DJs & meet the artists
. Beyond the Summit: An Everest Adventure and Romance is now available in the kindle lending library.
great, no worries for you then! :D
Hey is a great marketing knowledge base as noted by in
What's sad is all I want to do is weigh myself right now to make myself feel better..
RT : Congrats to Bailey Kasten, Director of Operations! She was listed by as an #AmericanWonk!
My prediction is Tony Lucca. () That would make 2 for .
RT : Young Professionals Week is here. Please RT and spread the word.
watching movies at home you?
a hot dog and on the back a couple hamburger buns
okayy thank you!(;
Simple explanation: Charter schools are overseen by authorizing agencies which are responsible for their quality
i'll probably be in magic kingdom at some point during the day, we usually go every night we're in disney
aye wat up wit that track bro
I'm Always Up Around This Time, Wyd Up? RT : isn't it a little to early for you to be up?
“: Im gonna take u to Mcdonalds for your bday” I'm allergic..lol some like J.Alexander sounds more like it <U+E414>
its sunny outside. time to get up and enjoy the day.
*never give up on something that youu cant go a day without thinkingg about!*
I'm seriously getting up early tomorrow to watch The Legend of Korra (Avatar the Last Air Bender's sequel) on Nickelodeon. What is my life.
Speechless... RT - Word on the street is that Parks and Rec will be filming on campus tomorrow...
wer u at
How was ur day ma nigga
So I guess Marta is not that bad when you live and play in the city.
your so beautiful.
Watch on Sat. morning with Christine Chang talking about her 2 Colfax wins and the half this year!
bro. I didn't meet them wah.
It feels like Cali here in Oregon :D
kids these days give Reggie no love. Kinda sad. That man could flat out score.
There's typically nothing good about morning. Unless u wake up to graffiti on ur car window
About to meet up with and gettin it in and make some big moves!!!!
We're prepping for a new set of sales and a new site layout!! How are YOU revamping things for 2012?
Sorry for the mis read Skip. I'm curious, what was the driving force behind starting the blog? 4 many its a new role but not u
Lol. Smh. The Lakers been loosing from the jump
Follow me at for my most current tweets.
Thanks for the #FF! :)
Gifts-in-kind as liabilities rather than assets
Man on a day like this I wish I was laid out on the beach with a hot chick next to me.
thanks. I borrowed someone else's info and that worked, maybe a typo in my password
my background is boring and white. LIKE ME. so someone plz make a liam bg c:
the best program of the world #Shakeitup!(:
RETWEET if you are online and want more FOLLOWERS #
I wanna talk to Savi
Maybe put a few potted plants in the bathroom?
By the way, your man to follow for the fastest rain delay updates is
: Don't miss GUESTLIST!! You can make it!!! We know you can!! :D
Water has a taste that you can't explain.
and you know it ;)
Right now I'm worried about someone who was a part of my life.
Almost 500! Thats crazy we just hit 400 last night!!????!? Thank you guys at 500 we will give you guys a news update
I think there are non-obvious ways to lead
“If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.”° <U+2015> Lewis Carroll
Freedom is the only way yeah!!!
Booked Palm Springs, CA Vacation!
Man is it beautiful in Baltimore today. Feel like unzipping my jeans, sitting back, and watching Netflix on my deck.
Thank you & thanks for the follow. Let your fans know we're giving away a 42" TV this week.
What!?? That is some crazy cool hair! It looks a little like mine ;-). Tell her she Rocks!!
Hey follow our merch guy He's a true gentlemen and a wonderful lover
That cut real deep. :(
How did our weather go from 'California Sunny' to 'London Foggy' in under 24 hrs?! Still, better than 'typical' March in Chgo stuff.
Jada said Mommy Can I do a Dance Show for you ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
yeah. It had to be a gift to an executive.
I'm in Miami. Woooop (Rick Ross voice)
Nice! Those are some nice accomplishments for 2011. Wish you the best in 2012!
I've heard a little bit. Will check In tomorrow.
#ThingsThatNeedToEnd is still not having a record deal, come on I want a CD >;D
was circle the drain about russel?? just wonderin' songs badass regardless
Thanks for the RT!
Must be some sort of voodoo.
We are so proud of you, Denise! You did an amazing job and represented Oklahoma beautifully!
1st backup of 55 gb taking forever. Please help.
your abs just reached 3k followers!!!!!
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun
Totally! Remind me next week!
that last tweet was aimed at and as well
The Devil in the White City....really interesting book about The World's Fair in Chicago in the late 1890's
Celebratory dinner with
Wise Words: Engage & Don't forget to accessorize! <3 it!
Can anyone do me a favor and click the Twitter link on my youtube channel and see if it goes to my Twitter Account?
So. Much. Sleep. To. Catch. Up. On.
What number? Haha.
yup. gotta keep me in line, tho. cheers!
watt up doee
Did you hear one of the Norfolk players say after, "We love you, Obama, but I'm glad we busted your bracket"?
I got my child development baby! I'm so nervous... Her name is emma(:
Snoopy is so funny sitting on the back of the couch and peeking his head through the window blinds to spy outside...
:) same. Tastes so good!
Two thumbs up to my job being shut down to the public due to these power outages... smooth day ahead.
Haha and you were thinking I was all normal well that's where your completely wrong muahahahahahahaha :)
Will you be there? It's setting up to be the largest attended thus far!!
"My daughter's a SHACKER!"
see what i did there
I love she's so sweet. Mahomies Follow her please & I will follow you back.
Good luck at
don't be mad at me sweetie
DEEP THROAT MASTER!
Kenan and kel so need to make another good burger movie! Lol
There's too many good films on tonight. I'm lost what to watch...
Like the mouse maisy?
This lady in front of me looks like a four eyed scare crow lmao good God she is ugly lol
You can, but that is one of the (few) things PC does better by default. Shift + F7 is just so easy.
Sony Unveils Alpha A57 Camera, the Quick-Draw DSLR
Today I told Jess she's gonna get fat cause she doesn't do any sports. She said running from the cops was all the exercise she needs. winner
And we were tired of being mild.
Saw on Spotify a person had an "Alternate Rock & Roll" playlist w/ Daughtry on it. I guess the list is the alternative to good music.
Yeesh, I would last for less than a minute with that one
i just realized that in exactly 2 weeks i'll be taking off for afghanistan. WHAT.
In order to get to where you want to be, you sometimes have to do things you have never done before.
Damn i was tryna save some money this week... Then i seen the new *All Out Raw* Shirt, im snatching that shit TODAY!
Craziest night of my life. Hands down
Thanks to everyone who came out during our last 3 shows! It meant a lot to see everyone out there!
It's messy business, this Santorum affair.
Belated happy birthday to you!!!! See you at BUILD?
so are you giving me permission to do it ?
Governor Brewer: formerly a test pilot in a broom factory.
Life is, more than anything, realizing you're terribly somber when you thought you were merely terribly tired.
Gotta stay fit and healthy, especially in this line of business.
nahh thats fine, what is it? Send me a pic if you have any
#UMass gets a huge defensive rebound and they'll go to the line for a one and one. #UMass 72, #Drexel 70 with 23 seconds left
I'm great! How are you? Miss you guys! :)
Cool cool !!
I will
So great seeing you guys!
I cannot believe you have not
GET #ROCKSMYSOCKSOFF TRENDING FOR ALEX <3
What the WHAT?! Marketing team should now be fired.
follow your sons toe please? ;D
i posted once on mine. Kinda like getting to a party before anyone else you know shows up.
ddeedsy is with mcenroe! deeds? i thought we were watching scooby doo.
I will
They definitely have the heat on and its the summer!!!
Um, who is this girl talking reckless to Skye? SuperPsycho3
One thing I won't do... Conform for respect
fucking unicorn MILITARY.They've accepted our worship and betrayed us.
#FallonLiveAfterGame Love This Show!!
What are you doing tonight? is at Trapeze Atlanta & There's a Gang Bang at Trapeze Ft Lauderdale. Your choice ;)
Thanks Ben!!! Great to see you!! :) RT : you sounded so good last night! glad I was able to hear ya again.
Relieved Cowboys won. Doesn't mean too much since it's against the Buccs. But a win nonetheless.
lol! Thanks for the laugh?
So much for apathy right? Happy as hell NBA is back :) and Twitter agrees
amen. That was awful. I don't care if he is 70 or not. That was painful.
awes baby
Loving the run so far sir. Keep up the solid work! What are we calling the Baldo Bomb/Derailer this time around?
I heart you
Our sky stays clear overnight, we fall to 53°. Tuesday will start mostly sunny with a chance for PM T'storms, warming to 80°.
I believe desegregation hurt black ppl in America!
Gmail is down for my account. Fail.
He's my favorite player and I love to watch him play.
#EALS2012 was fantastic! great panel on for-profit/non-profit models for arts orgs with
I needed to live and to suffer a lot to understand that love is an act of faith!
Yeah, I think that River City is on hiatus. You would probably know more than me. Ecomuve is new to me...
Um, all three today. Sad but true.
No, actually bought phones on Sun, w/great customer service-then had some probs w/porting so Ryan handled that all for us too!
Pandora tonight...John Williams composing...
Preparing for the #Diabetes CME event Repping #Healthliteracy is a good reason to get up before the sun rises on a Saturday!
Yay for Gonca Noyan. Her paper, Inaugural Speeches of U.S. Presidents on the brink of War was accepted to the 101st Estrn Comm. Assn. Conf.
Thanks to for an engaging SM program today
I.love.coffee.
Coachella 2012 lineup why are you not out yet...
Hey guys check out our music tell us what you think and tell us what you hope to see in the near future.
We are here to change the future. If you haven't already started that process, today's the day.
I'm ready to meet my redneck romeo.
RT : When things get rough, only the truly committed will stick around.
I would probably fail my classes cause I wouldn't pay attention I'd be crying the whole time
There was a gay baby born today in mr. Fallens class
I just have to say #TheThreeStooges was a great movie! did a AMAZING job with the casting & just the whole film in general! :)
yup....should be very interesting.
muscle ache kept me awake
I need a real vaca like to islands. I need some major time alone to think breath relax and let everything go
hey remember on #marathonmonday when ate it and cleaned his wounds with a tampon?
Happy Leap Day!
that's cool yeah man I was in some trouble but its all good now fool. Lets keep it on the DL nigga.
The wind makes me cry!
I made notecards for all but 8 test topics today, #wastedmytime but
are you the only person in that bar without a moustache and a flannel?
Come in from the cold and warm up with a tan! Just a reminder: Thursday is Customer Appreciation Day--$3 UV Tans on any level!
are you talking about your fans!
The Lucky One
I'm too scared to look at myself in the mirror today.
madd i gotts ta study al night...and my last paper due tomorrow.
RT : Avoid shimmers if your skin is oily. Especially when blemishes are involved.
god brother ! i need help !
Haha that song sucks RT : Just heard Call Me Maybe for the first time...I'm confused, how do you know whether to call or not
Need some
it's not the same without you being here.
no Russian player wants to actually play in the khl after theyve played here. Only reason they go is for $$$
So many problems that need to be addressed and they waste millions on this irrelevant shit.
Working on getting my own Microdermabrasion machine for those that are interested... I'll have one soon ;)
: SalPal reports Cam Newton is at #Ravens walk-through practice to visit his brother, Cecil Newton Jr., a center on P-squad
Special thanks to for sponsoring PVLA's #tax workshop yesterday! FAQs from the session will be posted in January
what's up with me, I feel like I've been eating like a cow.
Good luck to and tonight!
Andrea Young shares that her fathers film on Nigeria focused heavily on how people have a mis perception of the nation and Africa as a whole
I swear #themavs should of kept the same team as last season. We don't seem to finish up a game strong. Always short.
On our way!
We heard that, too. Yikes!
haha sadly yes.
Anyone that needs to pickup tickets to any upcoming show please stop by The Seven Venue tonight to get then from Kansas - (937) 638-6662
Spooky wind whistling around our building...
Eating pizza and watching Shrek with It's gonna be a good night!!
Ah at this point any car will do!!!!
Three way playoff for medalist honors
Check out Igors tip for the day on the Fall Into Fitness discussion board under the boxes tab.
seems legit to me
we want to!
SOMEBODY break the silence and tweet me back, itd make my day
Well the good news is this offense is never out of it. Remember all the way back to early April when we all thought that?
Poor a cup of coffee while I study or a glass of wine? Decisions, decisions..
Next session: moving from DDC to DCC: digital content curation.
Ah #Panama, not a good game. Yes you held back Mexico until the last minute but if we had tied we would have been knokced out anywya soo..
tell me.
I don't know you that's my purse!!
What are your messages?
RIP, Steve Jobs... And Thank You!
If you up all night working on a paper wtf are you doing on twitter. You lying u ain't in school.
Same here! Enjoyed your episode of
Thought we were the only ones who say #foreveralone Guess nott.
please follow me? I love you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Daughter couldn't find glasses, she says "Well, it would help if I had my glasses so I could see to find them." Seriously lol Blonde moment
RT #npdata +tech strategy: What do we want to report on? What measures social impact? Then build tools to collect data
Last day for Artist Registration!! www.ghartwalk.com
Wait, was that a Paul Dinello cameo on Colbert?
So close to finishing this chapter.
This is the giveaway I want to win! Please pick my name!
Don't want this feeling to go away, so it stays
Thanks, Marrissa! Happy #FF to you, too!
I don't feel tardy!
Genius!RT I have an addiction to pretty shoes. Perhaps we should start a support group that meets at a mall
Hey Matt,That's an interesting stat.The Saints are unbelievable.
Can't blame the last 10 baby lbs on my 2 & 4 yr old forever. Although they do contribute to the need for a glass sometimes :).
M. says we already have. :) is it always sunny like this here?
Housewife status
packing up my life...once again....
There is really no way to teach sex. Each encounter is different. All depends on the joys of your partner.
I bet you have a full plate of stories on your hand. Wanted to see if you were open to public suggestions. Got a great idea.
That doesn't count. Kind of defeats the point of Record Store Day, actually.
Walking one's visually impaired teacher into a door is a "prank?"
When my world is shaking, heaven stands.
G.M.N.I.: Sleep. That's all I want. That's not too much to ask for, is it?
omg k srry
It's nine o'clock in the morning and I'm still in bed, don't want to get up, but I have to. So, world, here I come!))
exactly my point!
where are you watching it at?
Little bit of rain there, but we're good to go. We're like the postal service(neither rain nor sleet nor snow), but not afraid of dogs.
jen, thanks so much. i'm super excited to make the back yard cozy and fun.
packing up the room and listening to ... maybe they can counteract the sadness
Aw! Thank you!
my shirt has a bald guy with a boombox. But it can't be hipstery. It came from KCRW!
did u hear my song
Lord Please Devour All My Enemies.
love QR codes!
I'm sure it is in the UK. Out here in LA we have yet to have one cold day this winter.
Happy New Year from Best Deal Computers! We will reopen with our normal hours tomorrow.
If you can solve your problem then what is the need of worrying. If you cannot solve it, then what is the use of worrying - shantideva.
so many naps today...
Whos from Dallas?? Message us or tweet us if you like CHIODOS, OH SLEEPER, ATTACK ATTACK, FALLING IN REVERSE we have tickets for sept 24th:)
First day of break and im up at 7
My mom is going to flip when the phone bill arrives :/. I use twitter wayy too much
Hahahaha...well if this is in July, maybe I should just plan a trip for that week?! Hm...
YES! Thanks again for inviting me!“: Highlight of #Carmel tweetup (#CarmelTU) was introductions and sharing of community ideas.”
sometimes it doesn't feel like I do :)
My day off & thinkin I'll go back to bed before my
i am the worst daughter in the world. sorry im not the well behaved daughter you always wanted mom
better b ready 4 Sunday...it's gonna b SICK! from The River will b bringing the heat on "what a real man looks like"!
Join me in the pure atmosphere of gratitude For life
the reason we ask is because many people submitting their iPad 3 videos this week!
We in the same picture, but we all got different poses.. -lil wayne, holla ;-)
What channel is the Red Carpet? It's not on my tv!
The #NFLDraft is about to get started, and even before things got started, there was a major trade between the Vikings & Browns.
Press pot coffee and birthday cake for breakfast at Ticket King.
no I am lol!
Cause I have other things to fill my time You take what is yours and Ill take mine Now let me at the truth Which will refresh my broken mind
Thanks TMA...RT : Happy Birthday !!!! Enjoy your day!
We're proud to be working with Dr. Huang and Megan Cermak at the City of Austin's Tobacco and Prevention and Control Coalition
Atom smasher restarts to prepare for new science AP - Operators of the world
Shopping w/wife. Discovered worldwide shortage of orange turtlenecks. Tragic!
What's the reaction to Google buying ITA? What does it all mean besides world domination?
": Thanks Debra! You are SO talented! :)"// thanks so much:) love you guys and what God is doing!!!
What we should really tweet are the revised jobs numbers from months ago. You know, if we were smart and stuff.
You have two options, you can look back in 5 years and be right where you are now OR you can look back and see how far you've come
I love how I wake up noticing that I fell asleep waiting for my bf to atleast text me :(
I would loovveeee to spend a day with
My spanish getting live
with the baseball team! Haha
So I youtube shoe nice and almost vomited.....that guy is a nut job with some insane talents
2 of our best editors Naomi Price (), Suzanne Deffree () will rock the IE STEM Education Conf. this week!...
Love it!!! RT : Nice!! RT : U may have use my trademarked term: "Crowd-Saucing" ;)
Hi! I recently listened to your series of podcasts on iTunes, are there plans to produce future episodes?
I just kind of miss your face!
Being home for a couple mornings makes me love both dad and Bill O'Reilly a little more each day.
Is Jim Nantz's winning call going to be "Bubba-licious win"!
omg i just dm'ed you something! And what i said i dont even know!:B
Google is the gateway to the world!
I actually LOL'd.
Is blessed :)
YES MOREJOY THEN EVER ITS SO GREAT HUGS BACK AT U
“: Going to San Andres Colombia in November! Gotta work my ass hard to be in beach shape! /we'll see that
Just copped a cd from I respect your hustle man.
Oh Yeah, she just became a HEEL
please,follow me and tweet me? I'm your fan.. I love you so much Jeydon )= your musics is perfect 2
yeah...they are so amazing live!! Have fun!
We're writing a lot and booking shows. Finally back on track. PR2K12
on you have the option to sign up, or login. Click Login and get a popup saying "Great, let's create an account"... what?
Madagascar 3!!!! Yayyyyyy cant wait to see it!!! Kid for life! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
My favorite material is cashmere!!! I our suppliers could switch to an acrylic/wool blend. Once they make enough profit...
Anyone know what is happening on 94 west? At a stand still for the last 30 min. Wondering when we might start moving again.
where do you live? You're a Yankee Laker and Sixers fan. Plus I don't see a hockey team. Do you care for NHL?
RT : Man , b.e.t need to play "Player club" ! tired of seeing the same movies .
Mine too. Still usable but hard to open. Bee. RT My #aea lunchbox got damaged either by baggage-handling or in-flight shifting :(
I do. Not sure what's on it, but you're welcome to borrow.
: Thx for asking. We’re focused on multiple customers in a number of markets; but can’t share specifics right now. Stay tuned!
We are at the Learning Impact conference in Long Beach today. Come by our booth for a demo & chance to win Dr. Dre headphones
following you too
contrary to popular demand , waking up and being popular is one of my new things to do today
Just got tasked by boss to watch the #Nats day game 2day & keep him apprised of how Harper does. As a baseball fan, awesome assignment. Haha
...and she went speeding through the rest of her downtown stops. Must have been behind schedule but it seemed reckless.
I added Twitter and LinkedIn icons to my blog because, you know, Google's stupid.
ANY GOOD TIPS FOR SUNDAY? LIKE, WHERE TO GO OUT ECT?
. . Frankly, I'm a smidge disappointed that he didn't look farther & more accurately n2 the future, 2 2day. >>>>
FRIDAY FAVORITES | On this #FollowFriday, please share your favorite #WV tweeps. Who should others "meet"?
If he did that would be my second concert but Tronto is kind a far away:(
Don't know yet. You? RT : are you heading to the parade tuesday?
20000 signatures on the Official Petition to NBC to save The Tonight Show! www.imwithconan.com/petition
u kno what that means!? >=l
The Vatican should be ashamed. I know I'm ashamed of them at present.
tell her to dm him now
pockets back on loud mouth
IT'S SAT! TIME FOR LUNCH & $5 YUENGLING PITCHERS at THE SMILING MOOSE!
En route to to give Robert S. Pinals Lecture on Humanism and Professionalism early tomorrow. Very honored.
Very true. I just tend to see overtones of that sentiment in most of his writing about the academy and faculty in particular
Aight I'll check it out.
hahah YES! that night was so awesome lol i still think it looks like i have chest hair in that picture
or an Easter dinner with the family. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Food is an important part of a balanced diet
Story on NPR about favorite movie lines!!
Stats are now available on the main page of the website. We'll update these again tomorrow night! Good luck to everyone tomorrow!
Getting Mcdonalds breakfast this early in the trip would be an amateur move. We'll be shitting our pants by Baker. IA
at next weekend. Then school.
I just found out about this program, is so fantastic.
Persistence is key in obtaining the life you desire. Persistent in faith and in hope. Persistent in integrity. Persistent in your walk.
TREATS!! Halloween Bake Sale-Chase Tower skywalk TODAY 11a-2p all proceeds go to Urban Day School.
Couldn't sleep. Been up for the past 4 hours digitally coloring. Spend way too much time on Richmond Monuments.
I wish I wasn't so busy with work man I wanna start training HARD.
Niggas over here in tears...
: 1 is never 2 old 4 magic, it happens all the time... I'll help, I promised!
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms, Grandmas, Aunts, Sister, and Godmothers out there! We love you!
been voting forever!!!(:<3
:-) Proud of my roots!
you aren't following this Fan, <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> follow me please Bailey!
Just got out of the Lula Washington Dance Theatre show. Great performance by a talented and dedicated company. Thanks performers and guests!
you do realize we work next to each other?! Lunch Friday???
im doing a get well soon card for since hes hurt. Al i need is names for the card and if you want messages for the video
RT I eat healthy and exercise but its the COLD FX that prevents me from being sick SHUTT UP
What are the Cliff notes on Sapp? Please educate those of us not actually in the league :)
great. very relaxing
Baby Raises Awareness of SMA
Great practice run today in Santa Monica with over 20 miles done!!
/// Ah, the usual....beats and designs. You? RT : Thanks homie! What's new?
My weekend was pretty rad. Did you do anything worth telling? I'd like to know. I danced....a shit ton.
oh okay..
Exporting song as an audio file... #GoReasonGo!
Troma would love for Kevin Smith to be on our Panel on the 13th annual Tromadance Film Festival in Asbury Park.
Amazing photo shoot with the team! Great job with styling both hair and clothing! Go #team !
Fork lifts to get three drum decks on stage? Really? I need to go home.
Geiger is a huge hire for UWM. He oversaw a lot of facilities being built at OSU.
That moment when your at the airport and realize you didn't bring your laptop charger with you... Fml moment
my Game 3 ticket? Sure... If you ask nicely. ;)
"that nigga Bosh is 10 cups of sugar" ctfuuu
no, youd just stan there and not know what to do
oh so it's like a prereq? I see. Either way, I need to get serious and make it part of my routine.
": Finally get to go see the Avengers tomorrow!" Enjoy it for me! :) you deserve it! :)
Thanks for the follow. We have a wonderful neurofeedback program under the direction of Penny Montgomery. Love to connect.
Yeah great to see you too! What a night!!!!
looks great! I love the flash transitions, much sexier than mine haha.
i like your hair so much!!!
At the pediatricians office with my son and grandson. A strange feeling 2 b here as a gramma now. Circle of life.
I am good! How are you sweetie?
I hate snow....that's it
I'm guessing on resave the original application resets that association. Theory: good. Practice: not.
Yes indeed Pam! Look forward to hearing what you're learning here.
I am a guy on twitter, who happens to be social, and willing to make some new friends. and you?
And if you notice, none of them are wives. lmbo
aw juuu so cute :-)
- What's awkward? I had no assumption that was any reference to me. I'd probably weep if they left, too.
Tonight its live music with "loudhouse" come on out and have some fun
Found my bus pass. Just need to find a passport photo...
We all have to "fall" in love with God at some point - way to be a human prop! We've all been there!
": When you stop chasing them & start embracing you, one day you'll look up & THEY'LL be chasing YOU. #TheSW"
Awesome. RT : RT : Metta on whether he'll shake James Harden's hand: "I don't shake subs hands."
what you don't realize is that G&G is highly respected for its food photography!
I am so with you on that!
Guessing it's sponsored. Have three people in my Twitter feed in disparate locations with the same badge.
haha I'm such a great boyfriend
ATF pretending to be a record label in order to catch drug dealers..
I could be over thinking this, because that's what I do, but I really don't want to do a screw up job on his self confidence.
How do you "fix" something that you can't see no matter what labs or testing is done? We only know what they say and how they present.
I love your dad
ikr i hate that
Damn Brandon Morrow is the Jays secret weapon
Tiffany!! Tell her I love her. If you see her.
Guess some enthusiasts would argue that funk or fusion isn't real jazz, but that's what Sirius named it.
Gonna need 4 stitches
I still believe in Tebow!
Felony sentencings should not refer to someone being sent to jail. They're being sent to prison. And yes, Virginia, there is a difference.
Thanks to all the new followers this week! Hope your weekend is all you hoped for and more.
Friday Jan.22nd Benefit for Hillside RSVP www.cupcakedreameryevents.com
can you please follow She follows Back!(:
I'm feeling very grateful for life & just want to say I love my sister & my husband! Have a great weekend everyone!
WNBA's still a thing, and they all play ball better than u. :) : The WNBA has a draft? The WNBA is still a thing?
that's what happens when they have 35336346896580 different numbers to give out.
i like my kush strong
They did it with 10 men! RT : CHELSEA ARE THROUGH TO THE CHAMPIONS LEAGUE FINAL!
love you too babe! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Some people are repetitive sophomoric twits. Some people are repetitive sophomoric twits. Some people are repetitive sophomoric twits.
im going to be on for a little while. i will be back tho. in a couple days
Getting lots done and feeling very productive. Setting aside worry and just focusing on the task does wonders for efficiency :-)
Producers & writers would kill u know who if that were true! :)
more fans, awesome team, perfect stadium, a season to remember. I believe that we did win.
I see what you did ther.... NO. It's a good movie with action, emotion, and humor that works for all viewers.
Thanks! I'm excited :)
let us know if something develops. Sounds serious
Amen to that!
Sounds like a great day to me. :) Hello from S. America.
The text just sent me>> she knows the deal that's my <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>lol jk
Wondering if it is Spring. The Willow whispers, "It is so".
What was your most epic concert moment? Tweet with #IWasThereWhen and we will ReTweet your story!
Networking and Marketing, Marketing and Networking. Where is your true voice, your true songs, are you connected with your true soul?
Pacers with the best record in April. 10-1
Was reading a 1994 #ITP thesis + the author referenced Google. Turns out he graduated in '04+got the date wrong on his cover page?!
sometimes i wonder why i even try
Nice to see here for the #vet entrepreneur event !
how do I get to be in the audience??!!
That press conference was definitely a waste of time...
Going downtown with & my mama for a bit tonight
The Latest From : 2004 Mitsubishi Galant | Affordable Auto Credit ...
Great to connect with. Thanks for following me!
For it is God who works in you to will and to act according to His good purpose. -Philippians 2:13
I think that's a much more flattering use of the masters hood. Let's hope it catches on.
Can't make it out tonight to meet the OG team and L.A.C.E. tonight? Sign up at opengrooves.com!
make your account private
": "Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better." - Jim Rohn" I'm becoming a quote-whore!
omg :/ well maybe he's just slutting around
Yes, and sadly setting a bad example for their own kids: via Parents say peanut allergic girl should leave school. Are they nuts?
haha, kk. + that explains my low grades this year than lol.
Good morning! Got any fun plans this weekend?
INDIANS WIN!
Lord, Give us the Courage to step out on Faith. Help us to use our troubles to increase our Faith in You! #Amen”
Going to sleep finally. I'm going to be tired tomorrow
"A courageous Segal free falls to catch a man, meanwhile Ja Rule dies a heroic death in the bowels of a maximum security prison."
I love you Allie!! I'm always here for you, and I'm praying for your family. Gods got her.(:
I'm hungry, but me & rayle' still laying down n JaNasia bed!! This rain got me lazy. I want a breakfast plate from over by crabtree blvd
Exciting going to catch "2" "Live" from Portland, Oregon just before I go to sleep. Perfect timing!(Portland, Oregon Web Viewer)
replace sam and ron next season
can i "like" a tweet? miss you too :)
RIP Adam Yauch a.k.a. MCA
I then did in a whole pack of that Dos Equis and its only 4...guess I'm celebrating
Actors - SAG General Service Agreement Seminar May 12. RSVP with the guild if you want to know about that agency contract b4 u sign.
Ive been getting things together on my end & I moved from Houston. I stay in San Angelo now. Got a good job, So I had to.
I don't believe that on one day you should realize how important your mom is to you. We should appreciate them 24/7//365. Love you Mom!
lololol Allison <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A2>enjoy the rollarcoaster that is life guise
Sometimes I rather hear the lies than the truth! Worst confession ever..
don't think so. just packing. we need to have a celebration in Aug when we're done w/exams.think we're all taking them same week
You're welcome.
we should hit a concert lls
can someone either make me a hot chocolate or bring me some chocolate please. gracias.
That is pretty cool. Might need to find a place to use it. :-)
Archivists totally took over the bar at the #saa11 tweetup - how strange to be one of the four non-archivists, totally there on dates
My ambition as a rida 2pac
Power Wheelchairs Aren&#39;t Vehicles | Urban Review STL
Crap! It was Sadistic Bish today
Next Sunday, or this Sunday?
I am good :) thanks
wonderful dinner with #ccastd leaders last night
Makin a mean meatloaf up in here...
I hate wen babies be crying for no reason
hahah good point! =p
yes sir! Anytime!
Beds are so much more comfortable when you have to get out of them.
a lot, but funds are limited!!!
oh ok...you gotta do what you gotta do to satisfy your craving
gotta love the city of fallen angels haha.
Car crashed into a pole and caused all of San Diego to not have power?
Denverites! Judy Hale is presenting tonight on professional credentials, certifications & more. Which ones benefit you? www.ISPI-FRC.org
And now they are playing a bad cover of "Smoke On The Water". This band kind of fits Clippers-Grizzlies perfectly.
Keep ya eyes open
Live preview of Cyclone 7.2's high speed visualization engine. Improved point cloud data handling using hardware accelleration
Anthony Bonner spoke at camp today... He is a powerful speaker. My old school hoop fans know who he is.
thanks for the follow, looking forward to learning more about you.
Time to watch the series premiere of #MagicCity!
Go ahead ms.briggs,why don't you just give me a detention on my birthday...
Let's see - Elvis Week, Happiness Day - also Swim Day (Splish-Splash) and the Date to Create.. What? - Up to you.
He's still fine as fuck tbh.
This whole conference was worth it just for this panel
Please avoid the area of St. Lucy's Church (7th Ave) tomorrow between 9am & 2pm. Very large turnout expected for Det Morgan funeral. Thanks.
OMG stupid caugh!!!
Nigga keep ya two cents I don't want to leave you niggas broke
If i see my x with a ugly nigga imma say ay ig i was to much for her lol.
Sleeping alone will never feel as good
Onika Tanya Maraj is like my idol I really love her like SO MUCH !
I'm having Reese's for dinner... we need to start our cleanse before my shame spiral gets even worse.
Join us for our second annual spring fundraiser! Saturday May 7th at Moonshine..
what do you think about the Bosh injury?
Oregon social worker helped patient with HIS personal needs, set up facebook accnt, fed cat .. action reduced hosp visits
i will survivee
NO NO NO NO NO FIRE
Hey Twimailer has been broken for some weeks now. Is the project still supported?
and it wouldn't work if u slightly dehydrated...agua mi amiga, agua
OMG, why an I tearing up?
Career/Business enhancing #SHRM events coming up! We'll keep you informed & look fwd to growing our connection with you! ^EB
First time event with this buyin, 225 O/U?
I think I need to remember to bring my business cards in my dreams.
Crying doesn't indicate that you're weak. Since birth, it has always been a sign that you're alive.
Goodnight twitter. #laterbbygurl (:
what did chef Olive make
recruiter for our #federal team in DC, will host this week's #EsriJobChat, Thursday 4pm EST DM your questions!
Tommy Hilfiger shirt,polo shirts,girbaud jeans,Jordan's,Tim boots,Black College sweatshirts,Baseball hats#1993 swag
Calendar Honk and Drive this Saturday 10/16/10 from 1:00pm-4:00pm. Stay tuned for area and meeting place!
Our first tweet!
If anyone wants to follow me on Twitter my username is
excited about the potential a partnership with can bring. We're looking forward to working with you!
I'll literally never ever get a tweet or follow from you.....oh well time to go cry with my cat :(
Sometimes I'll tweet some fake dumb shit like "STFU" just to piss off the paranoid/selfcentered people they think its about them off rip lol
Haven't tweeted in a while!
good morning
Can't allow your tweet to stand. Augusta/Masters is the Super Bowl of Golf. It is tradition. It is every golfer's dream.
June 1st I'm going to be having all holidays, birthdays, week days, and whatever days alone. It's time to move on and start over.
you mean you see my dick before you see my cum
#lolatgirlswho think they're too cool to study. and end up working in mcdonalds.
Hey chris please follow me man please when you read this i would be so happy to be bros with you
ITS AN EARTHQUAKE, ITS AN EARTHQUAKE!!!! oopps my mistake....its just my sister screaming.
I haven't seen one yet! Do you know if they make iPad covers in bamboo?
Goldfish and smartfood popcorn are like drugs you eat one and you have to eat like ten bags
Don't feel bad, guys. I'm getting my degree in education and my future is uncertain too :(
Lets Go
Man, last day at Potawatomi.
Oh, yeah! I guess we have Turbo Fruit love in common, eh? Love those guys.
I miss you too :'(
Lol i know smh! RT : I HATE doing that lol luckily it's never anything crazy tho haha
Forecast for Sunday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 63 to 68 near...
i'm glad to hear that.
A lot of holes in this model.
doubt its possible, but this does open the door for a Rashard deal to Memphis. But I also doubt the Wiz want Rudy Gay
Bout to chill on the deck n relax... Get some thoughts together... Evaluation Preparation Execution
I'll c u there!
It's the thought that counts. Thank you!
Boy them skinny jeans make you niggas look quire,my pants never that type even when my poccets filled
WINNING ISNT EVERYTHING, IT IS THE ONLY THING...
INSANE SUSHI NIGHT .. Featuring $5 Rolls! Including our Rising Phoenix Roll : Black Cod Tempura, Jalapeños, Mango, Chipotle Cream
- if you lived in LA, I would make you get me a nachos bell grande right now
I need a price <U+E022> all may apply <U+E022>
i have no one 2 help me b/c my mom cant do it either and my best friend has trouble with it 2
The clients job is to identify problems, our job is to provide solutions
I will watch all of them!
Here to stay...
Put ur 2's up dc common. Doin the damn thing
I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver. - Maya Angelou
got you
thank you for the follow <3
Turnaround let me see sumin lights, camera, action. Just thought of Jazzy Ts
Shoot into Hollywood Tans during your lunch and get 2 for 1 Instant or Uv Tan..... Limit one per guest! :] See you soon!
JT should have come out in his Homelessville soup costume for this one
that is always good
thx Ben. Appreciate it!
When Call Me Maybe comes on the radio it puts me in a good mood haha
Daughter of Andrew Young, Andrea Young discusses her role as a producer on Crossing in Saint Augustine
I had a mud bath today. Kinda cute.
American Live Wire is looking for writers who are interested in covering National, and Global News contact
You know how you check out on your job once you know you're leaving? Well, I've checked out of NYC already...
clearly I need to expand my reading list...Best to stick with
Watching Ellen:)
Getting some 2014 disco going on up in here at the moment w/ and need a disco mirror ball in venice! Whose got 1?
It's gala week! It's gala week! On Thursday, we raise a glass to celebrate our first season in our Walker's Point home.
“: so tired...but excited to see tonight!” can't wait! Let the festivities begin :)
mike it's ya homie Kwa follow back this is my youth program since 1992 over 100 college scholarships earned
Just 10 more members to hit the 500 mark - do you know a musician who would benefit from joining Songwriters in Seattle?
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Butler GUM Tongue Brushes and most oral care products.
Maybe that guarantee could be issued in the case of highly serialized shows?
With the mama chillin. It's always good to keep yourself grounded.
Webbie - you a trip
How can they NOT send their band? #fail RT: Dave Brandon currently in the midst of damage control regarding the MMB & Jerruhwhirl
my old hood! I miss it.
Somebody text me .
I'll be on with my boy on our sister station in Baltimore to talk some #Caps at 8pm
Favorite Don Quixote quote, "Willing to ride into hell for a heavenly cause."
Got caught up in the London riots last night. Had to find a safe place to hide. So am in the job centre if anybody need me
Are you taking the van in for an inspection!?!
And to you Jim
so who r u then
Hey! He's not carnival personnel!
much obliged, broheim. Think it's about time I whip up a piece for the Spark... you working on anything currently?
RT : UPDATED: House vote for health care reform was 219-212.
You forgot about the right to be unconditionally loved. :)
RT Raining in Portland = Sold out crowd. Raining in LA = a couple hundred fans. 1 of these teams has legit fans, the other...
hey loser
today was so weirdd.
way to take teen mom to whole new level
omg yes I liked it a lot :) it sounded rly god! Im listening to this legit all night long
have you guys heard this Gotye song yet?
A metal show, a hip hop show & a gay club all in one night
Q2: Surveys are tricky. I would recommend keeping them as simple and short as possible.
my spirit guides are the raven, the rat & the giraffe ... as far as i could tell on my shamanistic adventure w
pointless to reply to you celbs you never reply or Rt.
Happy Cisco de mayo
Goodnight Everyone <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
definitely let us know! We know some pretty great restaurants.
Some people are completely oblivious to what happens in the world
Hooray for autumn! Happy Equinox everyone!
Pretty sure he doesn't.
Haha yeah it's hard to say... I guess we'll see when I get my grade back.
"I think I'll put a tablespoon of butter in it just 'cause I saw the butter sitting back here!" - Good enough reason for me!
I know right? In this case are they overrun or just incompetent?
I'm hoping that increased pressure will result in a better presentation
Looking forward to visiting the fine writers over at thiis week.
How do I tell the flight attendant it's impossible for me to watch my head?'
Or maybe my not answred call has an explanation
good good stuff
Austin and Dave saw The Lucky One and The Vow together. RT if you love their bromance.
Had a great time tonight seeing Casablanca with my brother, Tim. Looks great on the big screen.
driving to see cam that first time, that dude who did it back!
holy rattlesnakes
narveson and estrada have pitched pretty well in relief. marcum and wolf both looked lost.
Oh I'm a Ghost.
Rory Gilmore and Mr. Belding in the same Mad Men episode?
My bed>>>> anything else right now
“: I wish Oreo's weren't so delicious so I could stop eating them lol” agree!!!
We are glad to hear that Hoyas are getting involved across the city. Jointly, we can make a difference.
tony is coming for a haircut soon!
is talking about her favorite subject hair!
One thing I discovered making the video for COLLIDER GETS MOONED, tonight at Stonewall: many folks are convinced the moon landing was fake.
u guys killed it on ABDC and all of ur fans support u guys no matter wat :) <3
I want 2 get chocolate vanilla wasted
Wow, your new P.D. Suit is hot hehe I likey hehe ;P
#survivor ha ha ha!! Check out Tarzan bathing Leif!!! Hilarious...
May the 4th be with you...We just love lisps
first time to sign on!
could u do it again plzplzplzplzplz thank u :D
in Miami or atx?
Who can't wait to see Lady Antebellum?
is the press conference live in Memphis?
What am I gonna do with my life when Daniel goes to UCF <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
no way!!! How many rings did miller earn again? Zero. Jordan did it all finals MVP, all star MVP, dunk champ, defensive POY
Going to school :) hbu?
i agree-a title is important for more than one reason.
there was some sort of major infraction.
My #PittsburghSteelers drafted #MikeAdams and while I am not concerned about the marijuana usage, I am about his mere 19 bench-press reps.
picked up soil, boxes, and tools for ! What a long and hot day!
#AthensBannerHerald chooses not to run Doonesbury because the cartoons are about transvaginal ultrasound? Really? Go
LOL, he prolly likes u, thts y he always talked to me
Church really was amazing today. I kind of have an addiction to Passion City.. haha.
Don't you hate it when you get to the bus stop just as the bus is pulling off?
My phone is actn up. I dont like droid
5-6 minutes if possible. You will be presenting to the entire group. We are excited to see your project!
One thousand Americans stop smoking every day - by dying. ~Author Unknown
Giant Love to for their awesome work in helping kids with cancer through Radiothon!!! :)
Rangers!! What a win!!
Geez I love when my retarded bus driver closes the door as I'm about to get on the bus
His Family Coming Tomorrow From NY <3
I miss Sirius Black.
taken 1 pick ahead of #Lincecum if I remember correctly???
JUST CHILLIN GETTING READY FOR WORK ON FRIDAY..........
sounds like my recipe for chili. bahahha. a lil bit o' this. a lil bit o' that. and viola! chili!
just realized we used the word "twat" in our last 2 tweets...woops! must have sex & hotties on the brain!
The informality of family life is a blessed condition that allows us to become our best while looking our worst. ~Marge Kennedy
if only nbc would let you stream it over the web!
Getting ready to listen to Influence reporters & at the Young Lobbyists Network hosted by
hahaha that's what I thought
he had lunch with me today but didn't sit beside each other.
we need to set a date for our next adventure to japan ;D
K-Stew Is More Like A Vampire Than Her 'Twilight' Co-Stars! - Hollywood Life
you are our 600th follower. Thanks! 600 followers in less than 45 days using sound #socialmedia techniques.
andrew bynum. wow..
mane not this shit again lol RT": Also, #ICantStandPeople that say "Krogers". There's no "S" ANYWHERE"
these shenanigans CANNOT continue.
Attending a discussion with William Noel (Rare Book Curator at the Walters Museum) on digitizing ancient works. Follow 4 detail
Or any day of the week": my last rt, only when i hear miss may i, or totally amazing breakdowns. #jizzworthy lol akskdljsjd"
My hair is red.. so when I'm sporting pigtails, it reminds me of the Wendys chick.
The Black Jacobins - C.L.R. James
It's not
Im up. And so excited for anaheim this april.
Looking for a Flex Developer! Contract would start ASAP. Call us if you are interested-1-800-231-7960!
Your welcome, that's awesome!
Rick Astley is only 46? Huh.
I tell you when it rains it motherfucking pours!
I am cleaning through my desk because I'm waiting for people to finish so that I can do more work.Conclusion: My predecessor was a hoarder.
Co-signs, seconds, AND thirds statement!
wasn't it not so long ago people were citing the lack of an optical drive on the MacBook Air line as a fatal flaw?
I agree. Too much at stake.
oh! I totally wanted to do that before I left....
yea son we gotta do both but u comin tonight right
I'm having difficulty understanding what you mean by 'not used that' - Can you clarify?
Mark Cherry might be the only man in the world who truly understands white women...
Eesh! That was painful to read :/ PR
just got another poster of 1D where im going to put it i have no more room in my wall ?
Blow me.
So sorry- I just got your tweet! I have some pictures if you still want them!
ALSO I LOOK LIKE I'M TEN HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
im here fo ya
Its all about the Benjamins! $500,000 payout funds program without state dollars.
The sky over Boston right now is so dark. Where did the nice weather go?
Did you know that our ambassadors are eligible for incentives? including an IPAD, Getaways and Cash?drop us a line
This may be a record week for me! @ 498 followers and @ 998 tweets!
Mr. Ferris, when did you call to make the reservation?
Test creation in BB not user friendly for accounting
since when u famous
Not enough Joan in the recent #MadMen episodes!
Bryce Harper showing in one night he's must watch...
Gotta go to bed. :C Stupid Choir. .-.
I'll re-watch -- thanks RT : Watch replay of Fla Derby and you will believe Take Charge Indy wins or gets a piece.
they look so good!
thanks van!!
Heyy, everyone! *waves*
Oh, and there's kind of always been a lot of #MirandaCosgrove stuff on tumblr that tries to be funny, but I don't get where that started...
I'll be seriously bummed if I have to start mowing my grass soon.
A2: Skills more valuable in long run, but sadly you are mostly judged on past experience. Great book...The Rare Find.
I would get up and work out or cook dinner if the kitty would stop being so damn sweet and adorable!
Chase on the keeper scores a TD and the Locos increase the lead to 23-3. #ufl 7:58 remaining in the game.
Looking forward to the weekend
really? I've been thinking about ditching FB, but I'm worried I'll feel that way.
-well, prob. not valid, likely not sound. Fine Q, but you don't rush to abandon contemporary practice of public accountability.
squee!!! and #DarnellWilliams in the same scene on #YR FINALLY!!!
The day follows me, Is the day the world ends ... But i can wait
Just got done watching #NSN still makes me cry every time
Def just stared down a guy who looked too much like Arnold at the bus stop... but wasn't him. The #governator probsss doesn't take the bus.
deserves more then 1.2 million let's trend #1Dto2million ??
Downloading military tribute songs for Armed Forces Day this Saturday.
If there were a mixte version of that it would be the perfect bike for my partner.
Comcast is pathetic. 45 minutes jerking me around on the phone for no resolution. ridiculous
You know my name but not my story. You've heard what i've done but not what i've been through.
Hearing word there may have been another toddler wandering alone this morning, this time in NE Portland... details to come.
Even the Lakers dissappointing me tonight..
that baby is ridiculously adorable hyun!
it shouldn't be that small. What browser are you getting that on?
"Give me eyes to see you in the dark."
Stupid ass pack lol
yah - I'm in los angeles ca -
President has just declared Jermaine, Cee Lo, and Christina Aguilera to be state sponsors of terrorism...
Oh Mann Craw
If you take your age, multiply it by 7, then multiply by 1443, the answer repeats your age 3 times
Sleep tight!
Identity Festival.2012.Jones Beach. Can not wait.
#indieFilmlove For some reason, I don’t think it will last as long as blockbuster film love.
Having one of those days.
So why it sound like a baby in the ditch crying.!? #Strange.!
certainly. Its about Milwaukee and this is an issue.
...Bow down before the one you serve, you're going to get what you deserve
Very upsetting when you ask for sprite and get Sierra mist
Thats ok Antonio, Just take the day to relax and do whatever it is you would like to do. Make it an Antonio day!!!
Wow! Good job :)
comfy in bed, drinking coffee <U+2615><U+263A>
that party last night was awfully crazy i wish we taped it
listen to y'all music every morning
Wow-first I've heard of de-friending being expensive.
So glad I didnt buy presale and have to wait
agree with ; innovative, beautiful, important.
If you can wait till i get home, them i swear to you, that we can make this last
"Look your best--who said love is blind?" -- Mae West
Sometimes I wonder what the fuck am I doing with my life? I love music. Someone needs to punch me
Its great to know GOD & have great friends!
: I have to be honest, I am a little heart broken. Absolutely love the theatrics of that show.
Aw... that's nice. It is good he was checking on you. Good thing you weren't sipping the tonic! :) He could have caught you!
Ben Hanowski scored!! SCSU won the first round of playoffs!! & we scored on an empty net with 0.1 seconds!!
tell Jay (Mr. Zwerner) that I need a ride when I see him next. And to be safe and wear a helmet.
booked my winter album release party!!! December 17th, folks :)
Why am I awake?!
Rain rain go away! Come again some other day!
LOL....see! Judging me!!! *frown*...you know I'm a sweetheart
Exhausted. Trying to make a challenging decision.
DISC Certification Training for San Diego / Orange County Announced by DISCcert
Trading #hipstercityshowdown memes with the inimitable Bexcalibur is sunshine on this rainy day
I'm better,<3
Ever check your Facebook early in the morning where you have to close one eye because the screen is too bright?
you know youre tired when you move your eyes and the whole room starts spinning....
It's an 80s revival to go along with kids wearing Wayfarers, neon & animal prints.
lol how u been honey
(Tony Parker) for
totally impressed. great tool!
OUT OF CONTROL BEARDS
I was about to write something arrogant but I done grew up
Having some cantaloupe for late night snack. They are packed with Vitamin C, potassium, antioxidants, and can help protect skin from sunburn
I provide you fast and accurate information to help you decide which artist to book! For all your booking needs call my office 316-393-0189!
Beastie Boys will be on all day rotation! RIP #MCA damnit, dying is not cool Beasties!
Thanks for the tip on Socialbro! What a great tool to help better manage my Twitter account. Hope you're having a great weekend
Newt Gingrich: I've have more experience in voting for failed proposals than you guys.
lol i all ready kno my nigga but dat bitch im gone have to show him
Are you available today to discuss the bankruptcy vote? I'm a reporter at Governing magazine.
u kno my heart is always yours
He'll get back to you on that. RT : The needs to catch up, look @ #SinceMittsBeenGone initiative, they're killing us.
Sorry buddy -- no reservations for lunch right now.
N'awlins bound with in the AM for #CTIAw12 - who will be there other than eh?
haha yeah it is....
just set my alarm to 5:12 a.m , back to reality. Fuck this
wait...*you're* PSassy?? OMG
Irony...before it's even spent a dime, the Character Matters SuperPAC shows . to be completely devoid of character
Astrologer says I ought to be on vacation now. Does a trip to the Eye doctor count? Good day, eh.
IM SO FKIN TIRED
Awee look at Chris on Dancing w/ the Stars
How are you
Awesome! Thanks for using the photo!!
Next Health receives $100K, plans product launch - Mass High Tech
Good point! MT A2 GroveAtlantic was in the list for this years WBN with Peace Like A River. So wasn't ALL the big guys.
Where's everyone headed for Friday Art Walk?
in the US?
Thank you for the shout out RT :
We're a GREAT local charity.
What was that Angelina? Bizarre stance.
Joe Paterno was the man
Am I the only one that thinks about Mike Tyson every time I hear "In The Air Tonight"?
I love this! How are you feeling?
In this tug of war, you'll always win, even when I'm right,
Nice to see Alex Smith in the SF Giants cap in his interview w/Bradshaw.
Love, love, love my new Hero2 camera.
Dont ask me a ? if your bitchass cant handle the truth, ima air yo cool ass out every time, so try again muttasuckas!
I totally agree
Keeping a positive attitude tho :)
- sorry for the late response, was on vaca. I got that question wrong in my interview too, so I can't hold it against you :)
I just want you to miss me the way I miss you.
Just played 's 911 call video at #viralrtp! Hope you're well ;)
“: Sitting on a bench thinking I'm getting little tickles from the nice breeze, naw it's ants.” hahahahaha stop
I get really confused when multiple people have the same picture. I use those, not names, to see who is tweeting.
I recommend Kirsten Lewis Photography
Officer involved shooting at tonights Anaheim Angels gm. Off duty cop shoots 2. I guess cops swinging batons at dodger games isn't so bad.
Whoa, #AmericanGods. Whoa.
Enjoying sunny Florida!
AMAZING SHOT!!
Is SOPA the latest installment in Beniger's control revolution?
OH YEAH YOU GUYS TOO :)
Traffic Alert: NW5th & Davis to Everett Streets blocked off as crime scene - man jumped off a building after running from
OVERTIME!!!! GO HUSKIES!!!
Click on the link and view Chief Saunders Video and click the "like" button and and let's get his segment as the most viewed to for TV.
I might be a little late on this (decades) but SNL isn't really funny
Villanova digital library team digitizes items for partners for free. #thatcampphilly (VU Stuff attendees know this.) Go VU!
Known around town as the chick who get down
: its a big parking lot now. Still no development.
#BackInTheOldDays i was the worst counter of life. I would repeat my numbers and now im in Algebra. LMAO
Democracy... just a dream?
Awww!!!!! I love that we are still Friends! :) Facebook helps a lot too even though I don't talk to peeps as much as I should!
Thanks for the RT!
Life is 10% what you make it, and 90% how you take it.
Yea the radio does suck nowadays...
This true life I'm obsessed with my cell phone episode is ridiculous.. Ppl need to get their priorities straight
We're tracking tweets about the GOP primaries. Analysis of today's #iacaucus tweets predict a win by or More tomorrow!
Just got word that #vegan MAPLE SKYDOTTIR COOKIE ice cream is being scooped at in #Ballard! Omnom.
Sims sims sims sims . Sims sims sims sims . Sims sims sims sims.. Da da da dah da daaaaah . Sims! I have an addiction
M, fried pickles. Totally underappreciated. (Same goes for scruffy boys.)
thanks! Our #Isles still have a glimmer of hope...
RT if you believe i love you... I really really do i pray to meet you on July 29th
Morning y'all!!!
The problem is, he's either awesome, or terrible. Why can't he just find the middle?
Expensively formatted anything are there for those who desire quality, always take the bold approach and invert yourself seriously.
Need suggestions on places to get stickers printed in the LP/Lakeview area, and suggestions?
Talking about the #future of #ala 's web presence. Flip charts, 4 colors of markers, testing assupmtions, achieving agreement...
1.Celiac Disease and Sjögren's Syndrome | Gluten Free Help
: Heading on a weeklong trip tomorrow. Before that, though, I'm off to the bookstore. Any must-reads I should pick up?
#Chopped is playing the theme music from #Halloween. Surely, the entree wasn't that bad.
I wanna go zip lining
court awareness.. where are your FEET!!!
i guess i can deal w/ tonight, but you can forget about that week shit
Procrastination will only set you back.
no problem bro!
Sorry to tell you this but I gave her some d*ck last night.You keep the feelings in check and I'll be give her the d*ck
Wake up? No thanks
If all rice were to vanish from the Earth, us Hispanics would be fucked.
well guess who's gonna have a place by then?!
Trying to keep a positive attitude in 2012. Note to self: Stay surrounded by only positive people.
oh do you do takeout? that sound really very tempting...
These be some jacken ass niggas out here (nigga keep it real)
Hey i got tis song i made its copyrighte i mde it took me 3 month its really nice hope u see this i would like u to sing it
#Leapday it's going to be a good day
I've heard about that before! I never do it but seems like a good idea. I enjoy rewarding myself!
I'm here waiting by the gates!!!! #BetterWithChicago !
is gushing over Matt Kemp. If I had a chance to interview Kemp, I would ask him where his MVP award is.
... Your linescore for the #Cubs v. #Reds matchup today is wrong. The Cubs scored in the first.
any chance you have video of Same Difference playing "Aerials" ? Hahaha
No call or present @ x Mas or new yrs nice dad
Getting ready to feel the warm thrill of confusion, that space cadet glow.
RT ": Congrats to Mario Williams signing in buffalo... far away from the NFC north, thanks big guy"
like them Levi's! :)
Common #bulls!
1D Makes Me Smile.... Okay 1D really just needs to go.
Show friday at the Cobalt Cafe!!
How are you? Nice seeing you today...
": Some people get by with being respected and some get high off of being feared."
Btw.. I hate Norte Dame, but those helmets are bad
What is the operating system philosophy that leads to the best throughput. Not at all easy questions. Follow the money? What sells? Maybe
no need for stress! let us know if we can help! ;-)
When a boy calls you cute he likes your face. When he calls you hot he likes your body. When he calls you beautiful he likes your heart.
#MamaUsedToSay "don't put the cart b4 the horse"
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours 34
Cant tell if you're joking or serious
I believe him. Loomis/Saints under too much scrutiny right now to risk lying about it. RT: : Who believes Mickey Loomis right now?
I mean tweeting *just woke up*
They're called the Professors of Jazz.
Jason Pride is not so pretty
On this day in 1943 was the last 0-0 tie in the NFL (Detroit and NY Giants) Hopefully the Bears and Eagles will give us a better match
Peter - Loved MMQB but how can Mike Brown be u r Exec of Year when he wouldn't spend 5k to practice indoors lw at UC?
I figured out how to change my username! And my picture! I'm basically a twitter expert now. Look out world.
Driving on the exprsway w the windows down on this lovely sunny day, while wearing earrings that sound like wind chimes = feels like spring
Dear #Bachelor contestants. You're on a higher-budget "Elimidate". Stop clutching your pearls when Courtney actually competes.
unless there was a crosswind coming from the left, he had no reason to change. Straight ahead was a clear lane.
Yes! How does it happen? Seriously! I have been doing major spring cleaning every day for the past few days and it's infuriating!
Almost like a big fluffy cloud.
Thinking of next year's theme. Met with Alex and Beverly about a possible 4-person show of women artists on gender in the south.
u 2? Why an i and everyone else isgetting sick!
first time wat?
Both very different areas of expertise. Ask where do you see the degree fitting into your career RT : Masters or MBA?
If you 'friend' tells you that the red dotted shirt is too much for a night out, he's a peacock blocker.
Am I the only one who thinks this was set up to put Brendan back in the game?
im on 87th can I buy sum my nig
3 years and 10 days ago I lost the most perfect man I've ever me. I love and miss you so much abuelo<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>RIP
#josephkony. know the name. hate the man.
W.hon.com Hands on Nashville. Go to the site and try to help volunteer or donate. We're underwater out here.
Next post on 500 Miles, "IndyCar and Stupid Penalties." Up this week!
Heading out for a glorious early morning hike! Gotta get it done before the heat comes in. Then later...WE WRITE.
thank you for the heads up!
hahaha, no chance :)
I'm not going to bed now anyway.
Would everyone believe that I woke up early to do my homework? (college)
I wonder what life's like with 2 dimples.!
i cnt wait untill that 24 hours is up.
but Eric that's what makes this form of art so fun ....you get to eat it :-)
this was sent for you from : "May God give you and your family comfort at this time of sorrow.”
I need to learn how to let go. Seriously</3
that will be a good question to ask Obama. Dare u guys to do it
Congratulations and welcome to the fam! Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions! ^bw
I should be finishing up about & tonight myself aint Technology fun!
Forget mobile-first. Mobile-only.
You are now watching our YOBIAct finalists, Chase Hinton and Noran Alhasany. Congrats to you both!
We're getting ready for the matinee! Show starts at 2:00pm! Get yourself in costume and head on over to the Greenfield PAC!
I remember that day I was n the rain with my ex....and we had our first kiss! Every moment wasnt a bad one!
Some days it takes everything you've got to keep all the balls in the air.
Take care of your hair and your hair will take care of you.
We love our #Packers!
Awesome! I'll be back to so feel free to pick my brain next time I see you re: blogging and pitching!
I lost alot to gain more than i ever had!!
is a #FAIL on #HBOGo three movies and streaming died on all.
Hahaha, why don't they know what are they talking about?
bonjour! Do you have a contact email?
It's the best #golf show in America, and we're there. Check out the Haggin Oaks Golf Expo in Sacramento today thru Sunday.
Waiting for real world
and a happy birthday to EMP Producing Director, Maggie Villegas!
Just noticed you got your blue check , but it was already official , "been a Star"!!! #Grizz Nation#!!!!!!!
: Governments have used PD2.0 like an F/A-18, but have insisted on driving it around on the roads
Thanks u r the best keep it up even u r against
I'm very picky about my Cuban sandwiches!!
Why is this my fault? I'm like the Dr. Phil of twitter
Staying up texting him though.. > >
CHAMP! I want to hear all about you killing this later. Hope you went with the full windsor.
I got to see my little grandbaby on skype.:D
Thank you for the #FF. You are on everyone's list for sure.
2nd this. RT I wanna go to a Christmas party.
Agreed, "Brothers" killed it. What an amazing music video for "Tighten Up," too. We've got your name in the hat!
I plugged my phone in where the blender used to be
I'm in love with, .
RT Yes! Try 100+ designer stores ! Miami's just as glamorous as you’ve heard..Shop w/ celebs
Thank you. Remember to never settle. If you have a dream I'll hep you achieve it.
yo I get it your angry but am sorry I know what I did was bad but I was just trying your patience. Your actually cool & am sorry
great to see you! Next time bring the lovely along!
It's easy to remake. It's hard to reincarnate a talent like John Hughes.
Don't just talk a good game, engage!
Did I miss the Warrant tribute and any mention of Jani Lane? Seems like they left him out of the Memorium segment.
Great interview. Looking forward to reading your book
Just gave $10 to a child that needed money to eat. Felt good
I never thought I'd be so inspired and treated so well as a server. I'm excited for the days to come at my new job! Very inspirational.
I don't think so unless something changes. If I do I will post news here!
He's gonna love that you posted that! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
The dancing zebra on #idol made my day!! (:
OMG, I'm seriously about to SCREAM!!! I am so pissed off at EVERYTHING right now!!
So can't wait to leave Sunday to #NewYork with !!! Going to spend a week there!!! Love it :)
seems like u r a "sensitive" who senses things like these
Video Shoot "Blood On My Shoes" ft. with
For , benefits of #p2p complex services were $600k in savings in first 6 months & greater visibility & traceability
AMEN “: Theanna quit stressing yourself out over things you can't control.”
Matt millen get off my TV
we hope to be open by late May! We will keep you up to date so you can get your #glutenfree fix
happy birthday!!! “: HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!”
Tuve que ir a comer con el abuelo de mi papa que no lo conozco y la pase horrible blda de verdad u.u
There's a special Toy Fair Sklander? I have a Skylander hidden for a "special" day too.
Weeding old files find: recipe to soak & preserve old brittle newspaper clips. Never tried it. Need one I don't care about to use as test.
Lebron won MVP. Personally, I could care less.
Thank you for sharing! a good lesson in life :)
as long as the Spice Girls aren't part of the deal, I'm in.
SOTU:People want banks to pay a fee if they can pay big bonuses.
Things do not change; we change. —Thoreau
I'm so blessed!!!
The next 12 minutes are going to be FAST and INTENSE. Lot of banging will be going on!
SACK!!!! Hell Yeah
#classicJerrySpringerlines "I told you can do better, I am a cheater" "When we do it I think of someone else, "Why", "I cant see your face"
Okay, I'm not going to fall for his eyes, hair, smile, looks, personality. I promise I won't. *He walks into the room* Just Kidding...
Go White!!
Aw, sorry! We do have soy milk, but the ice cream for the milkshakes isn't soy.
I wish boyfriend was awake so he could take me to lunch. /:
yeah, my twitter is btw. I'm just on here to tell people about himm!
pants before shoes, brain, pants before shoes.
Co worker sells monogrammed tote bags from "faith based direct sales" company. Because Jesus likes paisley.
We are about to premiere new MGMT on listen in
just finished rehearsal join us this Sat. 705 pier ave. Hermosa beach Zen Lounge.
Haha Thank You!
My little brother and his little butt pirate friends are all drunk on barbosa haha
Just created my own "intellectual property rights statement"
thanks! Can't wait.
oh my god it looks like he's headed for a trashcan in the parking lots of hell
Show them how. : Can't shove students into an online group project & expect collaboration, prep is needed.
50cent Chicken wings all day and night long.
Eric Anderson cut 42 minutes off his run up Pikes Peak after one week at www.quickgymcs.com
Just putting the final touches on a series of Net Zero Home Plans that we will offer for sale next week.
shhhhh i was trying to fool people gosh
RT IF YOU ARE AMBITIOUS
I see those - they won't print very well - is it possible to email those to me? staci (at) thebowlingframe.com
"Nosedive in the wishing well/Brought a bunch of quarters up/Sorry that your wish sucks"- "Flipping Out"
When will the NIT brackets be announced tonight?
Heading to MN Capitol to stand against voter suppression vote.
Morning everybody.(:
the Irish last name was my ex's. I may be partly Irish, but not enough to mean much.
thanks a lot!
Hahaha, ops, yea, I meant to say Rat Pack
I want to see it.
Need some bomb head from Gotta get back on stage
fantastic time, as usual... have a good night!
Anyone looking forward to see #Smash on ? Will there be a twin #SueSylvester ?
Kap Slap testing
when we gettin a song poppin bro
From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere! ~Dr. Seuss
seriously? In today's world we are all about the now and download.
If you're not a happy person. do you know it? I think I'm happy most of the time, but I'm failing on this list this guy is laying out.
do you expect anything more? One time green jello came out of her nose.
Likin' it! Fancy hair, fancy guy! Oh, and a fancy couple. :)
San Antonio is ranked 7th in the nation in fastest growing metros for exports according to the Brookings Institute.
good. Love applewhite. Not a fit. Hire from Oklahoma state or Boise.
Thank goodness for midway safety. I must admit the construction of a roller coaster on what appears to be oversize jenga blocks gives pause.
omg u have my time card in ur picture:-)
•Love comforteth like sunshine after rain. ---William Shakespeare
PROLLY SUMTHN TRADITIONAL TO MESS WIT YA HEAD
RT : RT : been up for a little while but heading back to bed. | Best idea I've heard so far!!! <--guilt free sleep. Ah
Haha sounds like thats for me as well
i laugh hysterically everytime my doctor asks me if im sexually active lol bahahahahhahahahahahahahahaahhahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahaha
wow.... thats really messed up
thnx so much for the offer! I should be able to download & print them 2day- so far 2day the Internet = awesome! Have a good wknd!
I hate 4am call times.
Awe. With friends like you...
I ready for the present and future. Let's put the past behind me and God will show me the way.
Finishing production on our video this Tuesday, should be released by the weekend. Very excited to hear feedback from our Twitter family!
Sorry bout that. :x
I don't really care if he didn't see my tweet, My nan's died, stuff him,I have more important things on my mind!
If you haven't heard of NBA stats like DRtg, ORtg, TS%, at least read about them before you dismiss them.
Tomorrow: Glenmorangie PGA/Ironwood Friday: Glenmorangie Scotch Hour @ The Mandarin Oriental | Miami
will check with and see if that's ok
oh okay, if you need me i'm here and i'm good i guess.
Espn coming to the arena tonight to film Patrick Grange watching his team play in the mens advanced tournament.
Thanks again for the coffee today at
looks like you ladies are having fun!!!
Well said and I couldn't agree more. Passion is key when writing =)
Good hustle by the Heat
7 runs twice in 2 games!
I didn't even OWN a Tonner until this past August.
Tripels are my favorite
Effective Leaders=Intelligence, Toughness, Focus, Vision, Self-awareness, Self-regulation, Motivation, Empathy, & Social Skills
Where have you been?
“: just baked about a thousand cupcakes... so tired.” -
Heading to #NAGAP soon! If you are attending make sure to stop by booth#43 for your chance to win an iPad2!
Those century marks feel good, don't they?
Pls let me know what u need for DOD study review. Have a great week!
Im not gonna fight for you sorry.
is watching an amazing (read: amazingly awful) version of The Sixth Sense on Lifetime. And loving it.
once again, says you.
NSF mtg this week, Th & Fr, focuses on climate change communications.
Sad day. Junior's Grill, at Ga Tech for more than 60 yrs, closes today.
I hope it's a Rivalry and not a changing of the guard. RT : It's pretty damn cool to watch the birth of a rivalry live.
growing up is the worst. lol
Yeah! Hosting tech support e-mailed me back in about 30 minutes with a suggestion!!!
Let the lady sing more
Received an email from Amazon confirming an order for 2 x Lady Gaga albums. Immediately thought a/c had been hacked. No, it was .
The #SJSharks have scored 3, 2, 1, and 0 (x3) goals against the #STLBlues this year. Safe to predict that tonight will be another tight game
blown away at how fast summer has gone by...But I'M READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL!!!
I'm very confused!! Ive never felt all this before! I dont know what to do!! Heeeeeellp
Matt thank you. Once we get the needed funds to launch this trip - we are going to be sure you live the trip right along...
<U+2752> Born this way <U+2752> Born to be somebody <U+2714> Born on my birthday.
forgot to make my vanilla latte vanilla
Registered for the ACT.
Definitely worth a listen!
Janet Jackson. Photo Equipment. Tennis Equipment.
wtf $650 to meet i met her for free a couple of months ago... how is that fair
I swear, there is a demon in one of the DIS buildings.
I want a feminist writing of the body that metaphorically emphasizes vision, because we need to reclaim that sense to find our way. -Haraway
I have a 12:45 lunch meeting, or I totally would!!
Welp, no reason to stick with #AT&T anymore. Foolish move.
fuck you...you unfollowed me? bitch. I make AP Spanish fun for you with those tape recorders.
Getting ready to for an end-of-the-year celebration - we'll miss our graduating research assistants!
you have a Voice an I think u should put it to use :) just sayin !
chachi better bring the Boyz up with her ;)
good! I am coming for real this time. I had to request the space for the D.I.V.A.S. meetings
oh my... away from twitter and the layout has CHANGED a LOT!
When my mom is tryna put us in FUN summer programs <<<<
thanks for the RT. We have to let students know what's going on in this debate.
My whole crew is on visa!
Quote of the week: "You scheduled a costume-making party during the final four?"
So where was this lack of foul calls in the Sweet 16 game?
Me and shay gettin full of that weed
Interviewing candidates for next executive director of today at the HQ. Some great candidates. Long day to go though
What a J.A.
Last Night was Amazing, everyone who came out had a #BLAST! you absolutely #destroyed it!
#50liesIwasTold I'll be there for u no matter what!
forms are my nemesis.
Already broRT : I follow people back that spit knowledge
In my research I found consistent evidence of Lobbyist helping States open casinos. Jack Abramoff and Greenberg Taurig help destroy Indian
awww the good ol' days of clubbing!!
Miserable End does crack top 100 on reverbnation nationally. Ranked #6 in LA Blues Charts.
Fight weekend ... #UFC on #Fox and Cotto vs Mayweather ... Lets go ...
I've listened to Take a Walk probably about fifty times so far. is just too catchy.
There are crickets in the basement of Brass Monkey and they are gonna F$%~ing get it!!!!
EVERYTHING my ex does irritates me and gets on my nerves, its great at helping me move on after 7 months, but I don't want to hate him..
Guardian Ad Litem training. Taking one for the team.
aw, shucks!
Summer is almost here! What are your (*productive*and*world-changing*) summer plans??
Well yes, although the dangers are lower if they're too young to use services where they can actually talk to people
Second weekend of New Leaders Council was great -- intensive non-profit and political fundraising sessions
Homework is done...and I am done. I guess I can pull these toothpicks out of my eyelids now.
i hope me and tay can chill later, i need best friend time c:
Charoset: a completely acceptable way to get mildly drunk at work.
Just discovered a hidden gem - seaside in Florida
shoot me a quick DM for a question?
#work getting these apotheosis CDs printed out
let's do it
OMG I WANT TALK TO YOU BUT I'M FROMG GERMANY :'OO I LOVE YOU SO MUCH <3
hey ... what kind of ink do you all use?
That Shea needs to be behind the wheel in NASCAR!
there r chargers that run on batteries -- you can stick them in any bag, throw ur phone in there too -- & it'll charge it
I'm trying to talk myself out of stopping on my way home
Gov Perry comments regarding the Fed Chairman was irrational, extreme & radical. We don't need this in the WH.
Thank you for the RT !
Following! Follow back and follow
Pretty much the type of R&B you would hear coming from a receptionist's computer speakers. Snooze!!!!!
thank pretty lady (: I miss you! We are doing lunch before your school year ends.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I don't care what anyone says today, I am just going to have fun.
hey my friend bday is May 15th. She's a huge fan. It would mean a lot if u could tweet her happy bday
Cops are back to Harassin', fuck'em middle fingers up when I pass'em
Are you a climber or a coaster?
i will sleep goodnight ;D
looking back at my facebook from like 2 years ago and wondering..why was I so weird?..
were thinkin of you sweetheart...
Uh San Antonio Crowd/Fans are so way more n2 games! #NBA Who faces us??
In order for us (gov't) to be successful, they (industry partners) must be successful, and vice versa
haha. No man would be
Can't wait to have you be a bigger part!! :)
Looking forward to skyping my twitter stalker tonight
Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives.
oh my lord on the yoga pants!:-)
there's nothinnnngg on tv.
Some great back-and-forth with and on journalism institutions.
#teamlistback #teamfollowback We also retweet shout out and followback! Follow us. Please use the tag #TEAMLISTBACK in tweets!
Great sign & a perfect shot of it! Thanks for sharing the photo.
Helpful hint for everyone -- check the washer for stray socks before you start the next load with bleach.
#snc12 is great! Very interactive. Feeling connected!
Slow pig, madison, here we come.
...sorry, DM fail.
Cool beans...id b interested in research connecting anger and nutrition.
up next!! #DriveAt5 only on
Happy Birthday!!! :D
NO ONE MAKES MORE THAN A PEACE OFFICER. NO ONE MAKES MORE THAN A TEACHER. ATHLETES AND HIP HOP MOGULS YOU ARE GOING TO HELP YOUR
Roads, where we are going we don't need roads!
Happy Mothers DAY
Fabulous Barcelona fare at the new ! Cc
The Jam falls short to the Wizards (111-92). Trey Johnson led the team in scoring with 16 points along with Brian Butch's 8 rebounds
my parents r strict and i really dont go 2 the movies alot
hey stranger how have you been nice seeing you a few weeks back!
Dirty talk? How about a dirty tweet? ;-)
Blowing up my stream RT : is tweeting up a storm!
Lost a day .
i miss you to :(
Shared theme: know your market, know your stuff. Knowledge can make up for lack of experience.
'Laura Esquivel's Mexican Fictions' won the '11 Harvey L. Johnson Book Award from the S. Central Org. of Latin American Studies. Congrats!
I must propose this at next meeting RT Reason #1 my company is cooler than yours, Opening Day is paid holiday
#rcdlc #exercise TN getting up to speed from our External AD. SDP getting underway!
I am....hahaha u should watch it:)
sorry but i hate that word :/
im not over the whole greg thing! ah >.<
Abstracts are in itinerary planner : The link to posters and abstracts was supposed to be live by May 1 but it's not live
Happy Thursday! Are you in need of lowering your cost per acquisition? Is your staff still hand dialing? Call Us 866.460.6611
I am sick of not sleeping i hate staying up all night i want to sleep..
bored ,watching halloween movies .while relaxing and playing world of warcraft
well, duh me! tells ya what i know. lol chalkin it up to not hearing that song. shame on me. lol
I love you more than every single grain of sand..and more than the amount of water in the ocean...... More than you can think of.....
Haven't watched this much TV in a while...
Tuesday, Tuesday! Did you know we have Flight Night Wine Specials under $15? Only Tuesdays!
Gen. Washington publicly praises the Northern army for their recent success in forcing the surrender of St. John’s.
#MyBeatles1 That Boy, took my love away, though he'll regret it someday, but this boy wants you back again...
the don't make her no more :( collectors item now
Please do.
A high-pitched female asian accented voice is like nails on the chalkboard for me (wipes blood from ear)
just witnessed a hit and run... shame!
I would like to say a HUGE thank you new followers and all of the people who have been supporting #poemage THANK YOU!
Fuck you bitch, I'm acting brand new.
(Thomas Jefferson) Delay is preferable to error.
Hey, I know I'm late to the funeral but how could any school drop a candidate for supporting something like #omla? We're the good guys!
Absolutely did! Hope you enjoy your conference.
Bonjour tout le monde! Did you enjoy on a St-Germain cocktail last night during the #SuperBowl ?
seeing one of those rooftop cars get smashed never gets old.
I'd rather make do with the cards I've been dealt, than to complain.
Welcome to 3 days ago, brett. I finally heard the #blueangels - now to get outside and try to catch a glimpse.
hit me up on the DM :)
23 years of #Sobriety!!! #RecoveryWarrior!!! You Rock!!! Create a fantastic day!
Twitter is my tool for procrastination. I love it! An excuse to bs all night when I know I'm suppose to finish this essay.
I'm interested! Live set.
It doesn't matter that the player in question was 5'7" and 13 years old. This "old man" still has it!
I cant deal with this anymore
So sorry about your sweet little birdies. I've loved following their story.
I'm pretty excited for this
Happy Mothers Day! Remember all of the wise women in your life who love you!
hey guys weve started judging for our contest w/ make sure that if you entered you posted your video on our fbook wall! RT
<3 the people in my life. What-a-lucky-brawd-I-am.
its mah birthday today wish you could say happy birthday to Me.omg im your biggest fan!<3:) Ily
all I've ever wanted is to have a product to pitch on Shark Tank. My dreams are coming true.
usually the case for me -__-
Your #LAKings need to get the job done tomorrow and knock those damn #Canucks out of playoffs!
yess lmao ill take it as a good way i guess c;
Austin's professional film community needs more network / studio productions like The Lying Game; Utilize local talent.
#Respect RT : What do Wu-Tang & Softshell crabs have in common? My dining room.
The Hard Times of RJ Berger is so funny!.
Until I do, you can't go wrong with anything from Live at Wynn, Glastonbury, or Roseland!
nah I'm at my house
Opening Day! Oh how I love you!
My first SXSW twt. Clearly (sadly?), it'll not be my last. RT Performing this yr at the #FADERFORT: Friends ()
Recruiting for a CRM with at least 5 years of experience in the records management industry for full-time position in Dallas! Email me at …
Korver aint on shit Hot sauce playing like mild sauce
whatever you say boss.
Best episode of glee EVER!
Yea. Joe Knows. I'm friends with him on FB and he always posts pics of him out to eat or chilling with Brandon.
Emmy Awards here we come! Just ordered our tickets for the big event!
thanks Gabby!!!!
My momma just bought me 5 new watches & surprise me w/ 2 bags she got me from Tennessee. #Swagg! :-)
Thanks Dan! Inducing demographics (in the aggregate) from profile features - will keep you posted as i write up in more detail.
Like Pookie at a crackhouse, the 2010 Rap Up keeps callin' me.
Today's the big day!
Alright let's go steelers
Ha! Well that's cool. Like I said, she was a total sweetheart. Glad she's got her dream.
Super Offer from Sonic #Baltimore Buy one 12" Sonic Coney, get one FREE. Also 2day balloon artist, Mr. Limeade, several T-Shirt giveaways.
randy sanders: we've passed algebra I now ready for calculus
Why can I not stand being alone!!
rowdy! Congrats on ur kids media madness win BTW
Thanks for the follow. Stay tuned, we will be having a competition soon. 1st prize, free wedding day transportation
I've been drunk the whole day.
Scoop: Beti B's name revealed finally!
“: The Right MUST hold its own accountable before it can fight the Left.”
Sometimes I want to reply to spam comments. Sigh.
Hey TARC! Route 29 connects workers from downtown Louisville to the East End, and vice-versa. How will they get to work?
As long as they aren't played by hipsters.
Still: nice service and good header! 1-1 match has a lot of life now!
OMG I am gonna miss your braces I love the braces look so sad so sad! :(
but she's wearing the same colors as him
Getting in the car at this time makes me feel like I'm going to take a ride to hell
That's fantastic James that you're making residual income too! I love it!
Yay! RT "Redefining black power" - reviewed!
I'm selling some Black Eyed Peas CDs, you want one? Heard ur a fan
:) See u there! RSVP to the after party on our website when u get a moment. :)
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!!!!!!
is at the The Pour House in Raleigh, NC TONIGHT, if you know folks in the area, e-mail me names, I will put them on the guestlist
Around 1:15pm today on Whip's show, he'll have tickets to see The Swayback
You win that exchange, Randall!
Ooh! I still need to watch that.
Man, I felt really safe at that Chief Keef Concert
Do you guys wanna know what the give away is tonight? Or should we tell you tomorrow?
Stupid people piss me off.
should teach classes in clutch.
I'd love to hear what you think of Leviathan! and what kids think of it.
In another life I would make you stay So I don't have to say You were the one that got away The one that got away do.ob love it
Meiko at Hotel Cafe tonight!!!!! I wanna go
#celticschat DARN! Well this stinks.... Lets go C's!!!
Bunner Street with for the morning!
RT : Good news: whatever it is you're worrying about right now, there's a vodka cocktail for that.
Concerned, stressed and praying.
down here bored as €#¤¢ lol
Getting an idea what a full-court press feels like.
A "botch" refers to a pro wrestling move that was performed in a lousy way, so as to ruin the illusion of realism.
I'm not worry about Rose , team play better with out him!!!
Anyone ever sit and just watch the world in all its beauty?
your dresses are amazing! The #missusa girls looked stunning today
Oh My! Big and Hairy
#Bored Someone talk to me pleasee:)
Kenya, that video was dreckitude! Lol
You picked the wrong line. Again.
RT tell all your friends about us! : dish em out! I was just listening to Extractors and I need more fuel!
Sad to leave my San Jose peeps behind. The time always flies too quickly...
Does anyone ever click the links strangers tweet to you?
my baby dad is trying to get mt beat up
cry baby
Oh, so true. ": True or False: There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other. -J. K. Rowling"
I can't watch :/
The eyes show the strength of the soul
is REALLY digging deep on the #Ready2Launch call! Love it!
thank you for the RT!
Fuck Twitter for not letting me change my bio .
Found all families in Calhoun County Alabama , Roanoke VA and in Doughtery County, GA. Now will take a breather.
. says small businesses now have access to R&D thru SMM
Oh I see ya I'll b sure to check it out & let u know what I think
Get the fuck out my mentions if u are being a hater yea I love rondo fuckin idiot do he kno yes he fuckin kno u seen the @ with his twitter
His Girl Friday is streaming on Netflix! Go watch Rosalind Russell kick butt.
Debating on whether I should attend the Streetballers Red carpet Movie Premiere tonight or watch a movie at home with a friend ;-)
Have a nice day Urself ! Hi fr #Ga ~
i gotta draw my art project don't feel like it yo
If you're in Atlanta we would love to help you organize your home!!!
#Workin on my next single! 1 of tha best feelings i've had right now.
Pretty sure I just heard something pop around my knee. Doesn't hurt much...still scary feeling.
UM? Michigan?
No one stays on top forever.
Maybe this year wont be so bad<3
bro!!! When are you coming to Louisville?
A beautiful girl is a beautiful girl, but a beautiful girl with a brain is an absolutely lethal combination :)
I have so much to do this week. Job, fun, homework, and repairing some relationships. Ready to do work.
I Should've Kissed You yesterday...damn. :-/
13th? I can't even start to pretend like I am pleased with that placing.
It's okay. You're forgiven. <U+E00E>
6. Employment- How many people would benefit from jobs from a private or public Mars program? Many thousands directly
WE GOT OVER 1 MILLION BEATS FOR SALE OLD SKOOL NEW SKOOL R&b HIPHOP STUF FOR TV SHOWS COMMERCIALS
Hi thanks for following us :)
I consider myself a model because I used to be in gerber baby shoots
At camellia grill, ready to feast on a Reuben sandwich and delicious chili cheese fries;)
Lactating tsetse flies models for lactating mammals? - Eureka! Science News
On CQ.com now behind paywall, CQ Today tomorrow: a look at the Senate DHS reauthorization bill, and homegrown terror, with
"I put my phone on airplane mode and threw it into the air.... WORST. TRANSFORMER. EVER!"
i wish nothing but the best for you.
haha! That's called "shrink" ;)
Anything Is Possible is only .99 on Amazon - free to read if you're a Prime member
oh and he was lol
you are.!!! #jerk jkay
So I creep, creep, creep like TLC.
"Church should be more like a hospital for the broken than a museum of good people."
Will you be answerinq questions from us ?
Check out this event: Happy Hour - Club 57 West on 2012-01-28
Wakey, wakey eggs and cupcake-y! We have been baking since 6am, stop by for your fix!!
Don't let your Netflix history become the most accurate story someone could tell about what you did with your life.
i like women who have small calves, i think thats my new thing. thats always been the most important quality on a woman for me. bored
pinch me i&#39;m dreaming robbed me of sleep
Sometimes I look down at what I've created and think how how strong I was to go through all that trouble. Then I flush the toilet.
Tru but MGK is the only rapper ill listen to
#sschat just popping in & out. Lots to do tonight
How does one ask that in a building with lots and lots of people?
Uneventful commute.
12th and final round
not u , I can't even see you when the lights are out....
Manning to the Broncos!! :) yes!!
still in the back yard thinking n writing bout mad things
just sent out a hit piece. And it had a QR code. Who uses QR codes? And it was cut off, so it didn't even work...
<~~~ says wtf he wants.
alright sweet. you feel alright with the song? you like the sound and everything?
Ol Jerry curl bout to have ass kolby
Church tonight! :)
Dre and JaVale gotta step up this half. When theyre playin their game it opens up the offense for everyone else.
At work on break
it's so good!
When is the bread going to be ready? :)
Appreciate critical feedback. Humility accompanies success.
I wonder if we'll ever have "e-furniture." Customizable magnetic fields, mostly like the real thing but cheaper and more convenient.
Many thanks to you, too!!
Hey Joe, how does your site work? Interested in doing business...Derek
you only lookin at women who don't take care of themselves and smoke.
thought that was 2 weeks from now
Score for me. I'm always up this late. Why are you?
I hate feeling like crap on Friday night.
Ugh, I just peed on myself.
Late #FF but I'm still working, so it's still Friday to me.
interesting cool show felt young!!
yikes! why would someone clone Nickelback?
nice work on
At cassies and i swear theres a ghost in her room... :/
Vanessa I LOVE YOU for this. Omfg. RTRTRT : action movies >>> sobby romantic movies. ew.
you look so fucking pretty in your twiticon
It's like a pine tree exploded in here.
#alwaysgottabeahoe lol. Get off twitter enjoy the rest of your night with that girl, you know THAT girl *points* :P
I highly dislike the word HATE. Hate is such a strong word. but then again so is love and everyone uses that....
:(, no need to raise your letters at me...
“: The boyfriends who still hold bags, open doors, tell their girlfriends they're beautiful & show respect are real men.” thankyou
Our reading parties are so cute. I am almost disgusted with all the cuteness.
sorry the first time it didnt follow u, i did it tho:)
excited for some pub time with Meredith before Ted's baseball game later :)
Tedx #FortWayne will be on May 19th of this year! Are you ready for it?
I don't do drugs but if you do drugs I do drugs all the time- Scott Pilgrim lmao
It's National FFA Week and I'm proud of my husband who's been a vo-ag teacher #FFA advisor for 24 years.
RT Wait till yall hear "Mr. Wrong" by Mary brought that classic voice back.
Special K protein plus literally tastes like cardboard and is so hard to chew.
Got my haircut today! Looks
no i have no idea whats going on :o
THAT LAST TWEET WAS BROUGHT TO YOU BY STARBUCKS TRENTA SIZED ICED COFFEE!
on the road again..i just cant wait to get on the road again..
Only 5 minutes left; any ideas for next week's chat? Also, let me know if you want to join #educoach google + hangout.
RT : We r thrilled 2 announce these LB authors are finalists 4 James Beard Awards: , & ELEVEN...
To me Dogfish Head is hit or miss...a lot of marketing, innovation & creativity. Sometimes they hit, sometimes they miss
Millions of Americans, employed or not have found themselves with little or no coverage even if their conditions are life threatening.
all I can say is "Tom Waddles' right!" You the man Tom!
There r 2 buzzwords used in business 2day.1 is Inappropriate,the other is Unnacceptable.I'll tell u the Inappropriate one 1st!
can you givee me some tips on finding a crew!?!?
lol I know who u are I us to be friend with steve
Badgers D have no clue what "contain" means
sure did, couldn't sleep last night so I figured. What the hell I miss you boo!
Why'd you have to go and let it die.
I'm glad you caught that:)
yea i had to grab them! i grab a pair of red bottom and they aint shit
Bunting is idiotic. Still.
home to md/va to be in a wedding :)
DISREGARD MESSAGE FROM US
Sorry you're sick but Thank God that's why your show isn't running today. This syndicate is awful!
thatnks for the re-tweet :)
Homework today was telling time. Cool!
agreed..i feel a little fruity just typing this reply :/
I need I should pray bahaa
It's a good night for a designated driver, and four-wheel drive.
Check out tonight. They're great. Listen here: ttp://ow.ly/aEQbG
Anyone need a brackets board? It's new. White board like for darts, football games, etc
#replacebandnameswithpancakes "Pearl Pancakes", "Destiny's Pancakes"
Thanks to all for the #FF today. Grateful for each tweet filled with kindness.
Busy tax season week ends with manicure Soak & new pair of spring shoes from Ah Bucktown/Wicker Park - what a neighborhood!
good idea
An' hustlin' drunken soldiers when they're goin' large a bit Is five times better business than paradin' in full kit.
Remember when 's site was just a pink background and endless bitchy posts? Those were the days.
WHAT??? She is so hot.
Hahaaaa RT : lmao.. Give em two strong pumps, make a face, and be out
If you are interested in the new Sea Ray 36 Outboard Technology, contact me. This is an amazing boat that will change boating forever!!
No I have actually been employed there for almost 2 years now lol
No. His wife is LDS and his father-in-law is an LDS scholar, so he's very aware. Was a good conversation.
I'm glad you retrieved your phone. What company? Thanks mytservice.com Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
I've held for some time that #Obama will have a much bigger impact after his presidency rather than during it.
sadly, the numbers are probably higher - a lot of limitations with survey research in this area
can you humor me and say that the will make it into the tourney. They beat SLU last night and everyone has SLU in.
Feel so right
Other than requiring me to lug these damn boxes around longer, I think it is an excellent proposal!
oh my god good! i was gonna say if you havent heard blink yet then youre crazy, i listen to them like everyday hahaa
instead of black opps this time i'm on det modern warfare S W I T C H I N I T U P
#Nigeria is in our prayers
cool! can i play too?!
Mikiy to the rescue!! S on my chest cause I'm ready to save em
I just can't seem to do anything right. I try to be a good person but in the end it doesn't even matter...
Well this movie is shit.
When guys say they like "thick girls" wtf does that mean??
#KentuckyBasketballNeverStops RT ": You have to be ready."
Thank you so much! It's gorgeous here. Up there, too, I hope!
Football has gotten me closer to a lot of people. I have had fun so far and I know it'll only get better.
no autographs, please
Is anyone still questioning the Heat's free agency...seems to have been a great idea
P.S. Nice profile photo. Hmm ... looks bigger on the inside.
#CrossfitGames. I'm impressed.
#FF and (best wine shop in Chicagoland) you should listen to what they say!
“: Oh, you like Christopher Drew? How about you learn to spell his name before you talk about how much you adore him.”
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS! <3333333333
We all seek to attain the levels of fame & fortune which poker can provide, & the IPRA wants to help ensure that all have the same chance.
I just left the salon about to text back! Lol :)
I havnt seen someone run like that, ever..
I AGREE! Dee Dee always makes my day when I get a tweet fom her! I luv that she tweets the Demetrians
word. Preach. <3
Too many people miss the silver lining because they're expecting gold.-- Maurice Setter
#JLFL11: Sustainers contribute roughly 60% of both membership & dues. What's our sustainer strategy?
We are all back in the office after 2 wonderful weeks of offsite trainings. How's your Monday going?
HEY BABY
I can't stand it. : Game 5 overtime gets under way at MSG with NYR on the powerplay.
Steve Jobs has passed away.
Working hard at your workouts will only make you stronger. If you want to see real results you must attack your nutrition too!
Hehe Oh yeah. =D
GRAND is the new WERID
hopefully you can make it to the next one!
because it just felt too "east side"
I should finish grading tests, but watching Game of Thrones seems so much more important.
check your email
Thanks to the local Wauwatosa heating/AC company for coming out at 8:30p to fix our central air on 2 hours notice. It was much appreciated
Making some changes to the website over the next few days. Pardon our dust.
It's gray here too... Oh, June. : Drizzle in Santa Monica... go away, June gloom.”
I just earned the True Yelper badge on #Yelp!
Is someone running around out there with a yardstick?
Thanks for the tweet! See you at the parade Friday!
- happy 2012! Board games will happen soon. DM me or your email address.
but what are you writing about? prep stuff for the big upcoming PUB DATE???!!! :)
ipad is lightweight and great during flight, but laptop is better for getting work done. I so wish there is an all-in-one device.
minus those two 3's before half they are right in it. Some one light a fire under Bynum and Gasols ass!
Nothing better than ice cream and #ModernFamily when you're sick. :)
that's awesome
:-) Much love to you! I hope you're having a beautiful day.
YOU ROCK! <3
..... The Particulars.... Hard to Convince ..... Kill the Books ..... Frozen Fool .... The Butcher's Playlist ... General Meh
so adorable!
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear~BAMM.
Good Morrow Ashley... May Your Day Be Filled With Great memories and laughter
I think Hawkins forgot some medication this morning.
Captain America= Great movie! Cant wait for The Avengers to come out!!!
Step 4: Establish rules of relationship: Agencies: discuss process prefs, assign accountability & establish workplan
if it wasn't for that curse thing I would want that to be the official cover
Saints very uncharacteristic with all the turnovers. This is near a record
When we got the word "panem" in Latin class yesterday, students in different classes independently mentioned Hunger Games.
RT “If the world were clear, art would not exist.” ~Albert Camus
New client meeting this morning! Excited for some coffee. Happy Monday everyone. :)
Late response- I own it. :) Interesting read- some criticized her 'optimism', but def. a subject people are talking about.
good for you! Good luck.
Stretch break + gas up. Fort Stockton.
lol it was bomb
WE LOVE , & his music too!
as kool-aid man would say: OH YEAAH!!!
I think you meant "Rock, Choke, Jayhawk."
Walter is always hungry. This time, it's understandable.
oh life.
Happy Birthday to my man ! This dude is the real deal! Cannot wait til July dude!
#FinalFour in #thebigeasy was awesome!!! Now time to go back to the real world.
Crazy how the best songs come from BS moments
is bummed I didn't pull through with Big Willie Style for Xmas
Pittsburgh is the greatest city on earth.
sheesh...what's with the price of lotion stick containers skyrocketing?!?!
I got some serious skills but I'm never gonna be able to explain the difference between screamo and metal
so, how was the golf?
: ah ok. I thought you might already have it. I'll keep an eye out for oddball VHS tapes and DVDs. How about Smalltimore?
Go Follow
I like that video too! ;)
that would be the most boring finish to an exciting playoffs
KISS ME IM CONTAGIOUS
Same here Vina!! You are very welcome. I've also sent you a message on Linkedin... I'm looking forward to network with you!
no lol I wish. I have her third block.
drop me an email with possible days/times and we can setup a time to chat
hey :D
At a meeting to be an extra in a music video
Show me what you got raji
Nancy Pelosi looks great--and sounds great--on The Daily Show tonight!
meet Ernest Miller in person at the Promolast Atlanta Fanfest this wknd+judge 4 urself :) details at www.promolastevents.com
one week till our next gig in S.f. should be fun.
We don't waste time of Facebook. we use it to promote our programs on social network. Thanks You
Haha only@ a wig party-Hope it worked!": I just heard someone use 'coronal mass ejections' in a pickup line.#wigpartywoowoo"
I can't possibly pick a favorite Firefly episode. But that one is way up there.
I believe it's "no Doi" Rep. Ellison !!
Pride is an invitation for Satan to lead your life. Humility is an invitation for God to lead your life.
I think I am the best at doing that ;)
I am glad your having fun though. :)
I'm hungry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I have an extra ticket for The Avengers for tonight at 7 @ the Cinebarre. Call if you want it :)
: Yes, is amazing, I'm referring less to talent and more to...publicity machine, I suppose.
Wish I could blow the kush, but I've been clean for 2 weeks now.
Bynum with the triple double today, Kobe dropping 30 like always, good job lake show
Lol im gonna try this oh well im looking for a bf that is blonde or brown hair and cute:) lol message me<3
Happy Father's Day=]
That Canadian speech :')
Yay, Shake It Up is on :)
So apparently there is going to be a little mini-me runnin around this Saturday...
Thank you for this tour, the signed books, and the sharpie insanity. Gift is not only the book #exceeds expectations
k, well you're being annoying. so night.
miss you too. soo much school today, but Fuji tomorrow?
CA top court administrator, Ron Overholt resigns...calls his position "a lightening rod for controversy."
well with this new info...my vote is for HartnellDown, although they both look very good
Hi there Hillary...welcome to massage chat!!
If they hurt my spurs imma hurt them grrrr
I'm with you all the way buddy lets hit this multi million dollar phoney at every opportunity...good luck my freind
in that case, you will have to come visit us next month!
thot wrong! Lol They're different
not terribly surprised. Based on your interest in basketball managers.
movie moguls like Harvey know how to butter both sides of the bagel to keep them happy
Not leaving my Mansion Today! Hubby got it. If not, he gone learn today!
any ideas on how to convince my sister to take me to a 1D concert?
** 150k + ** Plus Bonus - VP of IT - Charlotte.... Enterprise IT Infrastructure experience a Must. email:
Never mind it was just members of a rather conservative order of hipster
“: I could totally help with writing Season 2 of #Scandal.” haha me too!! Give us a chance!!! My novel is juicy
At least its going to cooler starting Friday.
Good Morning Life
#NP A$AP Rocky - Goldie
Yes we play at Toby Keiths in St. Louis Park from time to time.
We still have to learn how to summarize in school but I can tell you my WHOLE day in less than 140 characters
where r u?! Do they have special hotel soap?
I wish I was from Hawaii. Hawaiian have instant chemistry when they meet each other off the islands!
Hi nikki can yhu please FOLLOW me ;*) !!!!!!!
Idol isn't the same without my girl Pia there :(
is playing a show tonight at The Bitter End in NYC @ 7p...check him out!
hahahahaha! that is awesome!! y'all are cracking me up!
I think I just accidentally committed myself to writing poetry.
Yay finally got my permit
Thank you so much ! Great to meet you at sustainability +me! Great concept! We can change the world one tweak at a time!
Is a liddo bitch, going to my lunch and not saying hi, pshh.
Awesome-please do! :)
anybody want a roommate? im willing to pay rent
OMFG YES! We will be like "Austin come here, closer...closer" then BAM throw him in there and RUN
-- I'd love to be on the Twitter member list!
I am grateful for the winter we just had.
Student says to LCPS Board: "As a future leader, I ask you: Please REINSTATE FLES."
Man down!! Get it.
Keep your eye on prize! RT : Victory belongs to the most persevering. ~Napoleon
finally a Certified 1st Responder. Now I can sit for the APTA SCS exam...and sustain life!
OT Lets go DEVILS
You must first be who you really are, then do what you need to do, in order to have what you want. Margaret Young RT
all is good come on by the lab when you get back
She's at work... I have to wait until Monday... /: And soon enough, did you like my picture?
the only way to loose is to settle! man i'm so amped up right now man, i'm boutta be successful like put it on everything! mark my word!!
maybe he has Nike sponsorship
RT .: Or, to put that tweet another way way, it's possible I'm getting bored. / or you just really want a Fiat 500??
yay! great job
If only she knew I knew what she said...
Plata on fire! up again on Santos
Hows the pig hoofs?
#TeamHeat all day!!!
Movie day with my girls! <3
There's always that one kid who pulls the cord for watson or college place.
OSU A&M update???
maybe we wouldn't have to wear shirts if we didn't get a little tender yesterday ): going 8 hours on the beach with no sunsc ...
we just walked by the soup cellar!
I am humbled by God... He is more than words can speak...AGTG
Thanks for the follow, Jeff!
Everyone follow my friend she follows back :)
just give them a shirt advertising your twitter. Free publicity. ;)
Ruthlessly compete with your own best self.
I'm sitting in it right now - Mitchell Hall
Im crying so bad when someone u luv is hurting ur hurting im crying real bad :(
I'd you live in #Fishers Indiana then the State Rep debate at 7 pm is THE place to be. See you there!
When me an Anthony used to be best friends >>> now..
so when you clicked on my twitter tab on my page, you saw my tweets? thanks, btw!
tomorrow ah can it just be here already?!?! I'm SO excited!
" out of Austin is my 1000th follower! Follow them or something." Awesome! Thanks for the mention. Have an great day!
oh, i'm sorry, i shouldn't have assumed! (but i...i like it a lot)
Congratulations for 24 years of service! You are a trued industry standard of excellence an industry expert.
thanks for following!
Devastating. Just devastating. On several levels. So sad to hear about Junior Seau. One of my favorites growing up.
it aint even bout that
Bless my Daughter, Bless my mother, Bless my father and bless my brother... Last but not least bless the less unfortunate... happy Easter
Me too. With VJax gone though? Think they move to a Pats style offense?
I agree wholeheartedly.....
“Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.” – John Wooden
Heads up - are in Denver TONIGHT at Hi Dive. Tomorrow night they're in Kansas City, MO at The Riot Room. Go hear some new tunes!
#expoline phase 1 opening weekend free rides: try light rail for a change. Join LA's multimodal transportation movement!
i really need to start on this ap lang project........<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D><U+274C>
way to be amazing at charades!
Hey follow
oh lol well wait til you see him in person, you won't be freaked out. He's adorable.
Someone else is happy with less than what you have.
Dear Swig: Go sh*t in your hand.
Okc n Dallas
Haven't heard puns this good since Shakespeare
What does it take to organize an extra special event?
was up man
#nowplaying "Sweet Sour", Band of Skulls.
I admit, I really miss how things used to be. But I can also admit, that I’ve accepted the fact that things changed.
im coolin love you look to good
Cut your collection time in half with RTOREWARDS. Click here to learn more: www.clientrocket.com/rto
Will be hitting the studio soon to do the biggest mixtape ever wit DJ?????
How did I not know this? Facts at the podium, bad news to the left, anything positive to the right
across the parking lot from Chipotle. Haven't tried it yet.
#cil2010 user expectations of online library services. usability++
I'm really starting to think I'm broken or something.
Tiger Woods -7
“ Have the will to fight for your potential...”
Niggas laughed at me when I was in highschool when I told them Gotti was the best out
NewTek is dominating NAB! I've done so many press interviews that I can think straight!!
Coach Torres and some of the players are at the ballpark taking a look at the Concordia-Doane game. Pioneers get the winner at 4 pm ET Fri.
I VERY much enjoyed participating in the Los Angeles Flood Projects, which was created by one of our faculty members.
oh, that is so sad...
here here!!!
go follow his tweets are fire and hes guranteed to have you pull i 800 followers in 24 hours
Please join Nathalie's secrets group on facebook. I post and answer questions. I welcome comments and ideas from anyone who wants to share.
#kids Heart 2 Heart: A Mother's Day Celebration with Danny Wright: Heart 2 Heart: A Mother's Day Celebration with Danny Wright from...
The next person who comes up to me in a gym or airport and says "hey your team messed up my bracket this year" might get punched... lol
Ship it, Ship it, ship it!! Gl Man.
Miley Cyrus in her car leaving her hotel waving to everyone and taking pictures with fans <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
so not in the mood for mr miranda rn
Happy #StPatricksDay to my Twitter family!! Every day I get on here I have more followers! So blessed!! Drink a green beer for me! Be safe!
sending out love to the Jackson family, you will always be a part of my life, i love your family and thank you for sharing your light
I say fuck it.
is there a link for tickets?
RT : RT Winds will die off overnight but showers & sunbreaks tomorrow. Could see a break Wed. Partly Sunny on a...
Sarah Palin teams up with Sisqo to record an R & B tune about herself--- "The Wrong Song" (wrong wr-wrong wrong wrong...)
thanks for the invite. </3
Coffee, eat, dog, work, practice, eat, meditate, yoga, dog, eat, bed.
San Juan here I come...
RT : “: Maybe I'll go to Endless tonite. Hm.” u should #TwitterThursdays follow that with #LastCall April 28 !!!
I hate paying for street parking, peoples taxes pay for the street. That's like paying to see a movie, and having to pay for a seat.
it happended in the past, but its going on right now.this bitch keeps piss me off. I'm about to go the fuck off and be done
Good Morning (:
"Bitch, you don't know my life!"
Lotus flower bomb
...and maybe I am but, you wouldn't hear me out anyways would you.
Come sit outside on our patio for your lunch today!!
Thanks for the Mention ;)
very true. Maybe she'll see it in a week or two.
Totally enjoying all these tweets from other alesana addicts on here :)
Happy b-day to AZ, amnd i hope u all had a wonderful valentines day.
Thanks for the follow. Do I contradict myself? Probably.
Chat. Who knew.. ?
I have 2 home today.... not an auspicious start, is it?!
provided they don't have cheaps sons, i imagine ALL restaurants are "mom eats free" today.
u deserve everything you have been given us &#10millionbeliebers will always have ur back! keep smiling :)
Lots of Voices members in town for Building a Grad Nation Summit. Looking forward to hearing VP speak ab education policy
No... mom talked about telling people their arms will caught tin horrible machines (she does factory legal contracts)
very nice, I like how creative it is.
at least you have context on your situation :)
Great review in today's WSJ Review section. Congrats!
That's strong. Most people think 30 mph gust is 45. People over-estimate wind speeds typically.
MANE SABRiNA CAME TO MEH ABOUT A FAiL OF A DAMN RiD LABEL..i WAS SO DAMN MAD...
Absolutely drained.
THIS SONG NEEDS TO HURRY UP.
Time to think about throwing an #Argus Beer on draft How is #Chicago liking their #beer lineup?
looks like you killed it!
I'm down for sure
follow bck?:D
Im going to play this acoustic guitar and serenade the shit out of her, she will be swept off her feet and on her back ;)
Good morning all! It looks like winter has FINALLY decided to grace us with her presence...bit the ice is still not safe!
Super Bowl Champs!!!
JAMES!!!! have u heard of a chubbie before?!?!?!
RT : Growth does not happen without resistance. You don’t build muscles without lifting weights. [Off to the gym right now!]
I'll be in town from 1 till about 20 past 1 so meet me then because you only live like 5 mins from town please :3 <3
Danny Adams a talented long snapper from St. Thomas Aquinas (FL) commits to EKU.
Happy Hour. 'Nuff said.
Insomnia kicked in, but damn I had a productive day. If tomorrow is going to be anything like today, I better force myself to sleep! G'nite!
listening to descendents' "two things at once" = css that flows like it's writing itself
I miss my brother
We look forward to your visit!
6 THINGS WE SAY IN CLASS: 1. I'm tired. 2. I don't get it. 3. I'm hungry. 4. What time is it? 5. I want to go home. 6. Does anyone have gum?
What is happening in the Middle East is people dying for their freedom. What is happening in WI is selfish.
Looking forward =)
Only twelve more days left to see the student exhibitions. Stop on by!
Whoops! We meant Low Flow Toilets & Shower Head!
please reconsider the closing of or at least make the new offering functional ( integration seems faulty).
Hi what's up, is there anyway you can put a smile on my face,Justin
Damn I'm going to miss it by exactly a month
The #MiamiHeat are still the better team. Bulls don't even know how they won. We will see you here at home and destroy you in the playoffs.
I just moved to Capitol Hill this weekend right by Stanton Park!
Thanks for the link. She's not much of a contest writer, but you never know!
when you work Again !
Jim Jacobs: "Part of what student success means is being able to get a job with a sustainable wage."
oh you know just the usual youthful rebelling against authority figures. Ha!
you on the train? I am
What are the odds of winning bingo?
“: I'm ready for tonight ! featuring ! Who's getting drunk with me??” Awesome! See you there!
^ A Little Nuts About Love Driving through Southern California, I stopped at a roadside stand that sold fruit, vegetables and crafts. As...
Never be afraid to try. Remember, amatuers built the ark, professionals built the Titanic.
Do you know how many people are screaming out loud because is coming to L.A. in Book Of Mormon! Can you hear it?
Thanks for the mention!
even with people seeing your #? lol
How's your voice?
I will be busy for the next 10hrs..the wife requested I watch "Gone with the Wind". Well at least I get to look at Clark Gable...hahaha
wish me luck, I'm trying to go back to my bank of America job!!! :)
Dark chocolate is good, one ounce at a time. A bar has 550 cal and 30-40 grams of fat.
A space lobster?
you had her confused right at the question mark
i already follow tthem.x
I hope u feel better soon :(
I fucks with you gentlemen on the #BrassMonkey tip. I'll get the OJ.
Add me to friends ;)
The farther behind I leave the past, the closer I am to forging my own character. - Isabelle Eberhardt
#Goodmorning Ladies & Gentlemen :)
what is tomorrow? Isle bounty? Tues at isle is last one right?
items in China should say, "Made Down The Street"..
technically i am ALMOST 31
My fedddyyy got a twitter! :)
Women's symptoms are different from men. : Here's a heart-healt myth: a heart attack is always a sudden pain in the chest.
thanks, girl!! xxoo so nice to meet you! how long have you been in SF? :)
It's more tolerable now to think of hilarious vomit on the Walmart sign, but I fear it will always remind me of you.
I need something interesting to print. Corporate is boring.
#bestthingallweek was your interview with !
I've never had students in an #infolit session ask for my powerpoint. That was the most engaged class I've ever worked with. Go PSU!!!
"track room" under "raoul la mesa 100"
I meant LONG!!
I need to discuss with you some esports-related stuff. Would rather avoid facebook. Can you PM me your email?
ECZEMA! Cyber bully :P
"People are, if anything, more touchy about being thought silly than they are about being thought unjust." E. B. White
We are STM
Its sad that people are asking me if I'm tired today based on the fact I have on flat shoes.
Packaging sketches complete. I want our boxes to be collectibles. Reminiscent of hat boxes
Life is a string of "every days" (like today). There is no someday, so enjoy your day now while you still can.
full not fukk. sorry for the typo
Math, science, history, unraveling the mystery ...
Follow Back!! #IfYouReallyLikedMe :P
I'm shitting my pants right now. Please help me you guys. I will cry.
"I was sitting in a restaurant with Penny and Bernadette drinking water, carbonated as it was a special occasion."-Amy
It's earth day ya dig
My man BP! Here to stay baby! The New Red Machine!!!!!!!!!
go go!
it pisses me off how does concerts at the same places all the time r u ever coming to north carolina u have mahomies here too
I do admit there are some students I don't want to encourage to register, but they, too, have a voice. My job is to tch Constitution.
Today in 1955 - President Eisenhower allows the first filming of a news conference for television.
What to do next after TM?
Lunch is back in Ullyot on 1st floor. Come on down so we can eat & jam! :)
if Khloe kardashian and Perez Hilton had a baby it would look like
How is it that I always end up looking stupid and wasting my time and effort on someone who doesn't care
I Love People, I Just Have My Own Way Of Showing It
...try to make others feel.
my glass ball is working!
Why do people say stupid shit ? Like really!
Put me in your
This is not the beginning of the end.... but the end of the beginning! etc
Sounds wonderful--you all have a good trip!
Catching up on yesterday's show while DVRing today's. Burp-a-thon was one of the funniest things I've seen in a while.
“To insure good health: Eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life." W. Londen
I bring them to the light for you, it's only right. This is the soundtrack to my life.
Thursdays, the fluoride portion of a dental exam
It is going to be a great weekend for weather in San Diego! Enjoy it while it lasts!
Looks like Mario Salducci
#TheThingIHateMost closed-minded people.
20 hour day yesterday 12+ hour day today, and 3 hours of sleep in the last three days...
I love that moment when you make eye contact with a dog, he wags his tail and nods to let you know that he secretly a tiny man in a dog suit
hell yes!!!!!! I'm not even kidding
just noticed this (twitter game off as of late), but yes, I can answer Drexel ?s if needed..
I feel really dumb for trusting you even as just a friend, guess you weren't the guy I thought you where. Good luck with everything dude
Q3: Not had to yet, but would try to give them information and hook them in with colleagues.
So after a year and six months it's no longer me that you want but I love you so much it hurts.
I thought that you were going to broadcasting all of the Pacers game. Cant seem to find you on my Program guide
This lil girl know ALL the songs that's been playing in the salon word for word, I HOPE she knows her multiplications
I think you might just be right …
Happy Friday! Thanks to everyone that attended our speaking event last night with #Adworkers!
Grammy's went classy this year! Yay for ! So deserved!
{waves distractedly} Thank you, thank you. {wanders away}
In need of a videographer to be there at all the places we preform at
Are you going to be making any more collab videos with soon? Like from the video?
Have a Sweet One like you xo
. . .but have been disappointed to read some of the old tropes dragged out in the process of dialogues.
Here comes the Sun yeah Fun Friday! Off to Daytona Beach!
thnx for that tweet...u r spot on!
not if I end up seeing you
well thats why i was thinkn bout convertn cause ik theyre way healthier but idk, ill find that balance soon or later lol
Jim Sorgi and Ron Dayne mention in the same night on ESPN. Am I dreaming?
love that song
holy shit boys
. . . . listening to Mark Jacobs of talking about gastronomy as new art world.
Eating like a pro today. Thinking bout #TeamMunoz and #BranchWarrenClassic... #KittyRexAthletics coming soon...
Need to jumpstart my ACRLog post. Anyone read any good blogs by faculty recently?
Thank you! :)
So long ocala. Had a great time with my bayybeez. OMW to broward county :P
No sleep 'till the night kitchen
When will we see new comics by ?!
I once read a decent sci-fi novel that took place in the Winchester House, took place after a mysterious apocalytic event.
In the office squeezing meetings into the ERA D2C schedule. In two weeks, it will all be over and I'll be on the plane home.
we gotta chill again!!!!!
attempting to start Twitter again... we will see how this goes
Can you stop touching me like who tf are you ? !
Thanks, indeed :) RT : Listening to Gregory Porter's "Work Song" on Thank you, Nicole.
i luvvvvvvvvvv u
Hello tweeters! Don't forget to check us out in Burbank, CA at #hollywoodshow. Great original memorabilia at WHOLESALE prices :)
yeah it's Kool
HI WISH =] nice 2 meat you =]
Wheels down in Louisville. Thanks Kietas for a fun weekend.
#NowPlaying talking to the moon by Bruno Mars
gotta get them on the road stat!
Thanks for following <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
airport in the morning and then back to austin to get some tacos!
Last call for the #Omeka workshop in #UNCC #Atkins Library's Digital Scholarship Lab! Begins at 11am in rm. 273. is teaching!
for your consideration, kishu mandarin!
Another frigid night in store for Central Ohio. And we have some snow in the forecast... I'll have details on 10TV News!
For great #wine chat
May need to quit my job if it keeps driving me to the Judy Collins like this.
Pre-Production started on our (KO Pictures) feature documentary, "Literary LA." Shooting to commence late April.
TURN TO YOU. Holy shit im excited!!!!!!!!!
Of course now it's going to tstorm hail RT : Getting wise to Texas 'fall' weather. Wearing sundress today so I don't fall over.
April 13th the iCarly Episode is on(: Hell Yea' !
The cupcakes are a hit and I personally witnessed the pie and cake get devoured in less than 5 minutes! #great food
Just noticed I have 100 followers.. Wonder how many are bots.
Who can beat Mayweather?
to be clear, I really have no idea what I'm talking about. ;-)
Thank you for the shout out!!
Been feeling so anxious lately. I'm so ready to experience different things. It's crazy.
rep it kid
I've had chills since the beginning of the play, I love godspell so much...
oh should have known he was a union thug. Can't actually work for a crap so he hides behind a union
Me, too! I was just thinking I need to get to Bakersfield soon.
Yo are you in India? just saw ur fb location, it says MUMBAI!!! is that for real? :O
we are looking for alums working in JAMS-related industries for an event in December. Email if interested.
I disagree completely with a freshman winning the player of the year award never the less congratulations to Anthony Davis of
Check out what I saved from www.unique-vintage.com (Incredibly Stunning Royal Blue Manhattan Mermaid Prom Gown) to...
woo hoo! Let and us know how it goes!
fair enough ;) It's finally getting warmer - sounds like a great place for you to bring the fam. We'll hav to find some dates.
I wish I had a job where I could just punch stupid motherfuckers in the face all day
#Bbworld11 Back to general sessions...
Watching the Buccos game on my laptop, dude next to me asked if I could get the NBA game on....50 bucks bro
In my defence, kiss ass gets me around the world lol :)
Tip #1: When shopping, you can always pause for a moment and consider our motto: "You can never get enough of what you don't really need."
Morning! We're talkin' Toto and Chicanos on ice!
: Respecting will get us much further than antagonizing each other will. We agree!
I can't stand racist people.
I'm trying to talk my dad into letting me get mine now XD. Oh~ hopefully he will.
He said I could give them to you if you want! They're just sitting here, haha. You want me to mail them? :)
Looking forward to it. Great stuff ahead!
Vacations make me horny.
Need to practice my fifa skills so i can beat John next time ! :D
Friendly poll: Who else would be FREAKED out to pull into your parking spot & find a COP hiding in the corner?!
mhmm sure. That's why your sore. I believe that... And my mind stays in the gutter!
Austin is the milk to my cereal, the pounding to my heart. But most of all, he is the reason to my smile.
Finally! YouTube's on my TV via XBOX, previous experiences on other platforms weren't that good.
YellowPages USA just faxed, no joke, a form soliciting to set a Facebook page up for us.
how about some stir-fried broccoli with lots of garlic, some tamari and ginger!
Really kind of not wanting to be at work on this rainy dreary day. Boo.
Tosh.0 would be hilarious if it didn't have Daniel Tosh in it.
Take social security and medicare off the table... a promise made is a promise kept...
#1 place you find out about new music these days? RT with your answer!
Well at least there is one team for sure who has worse fan attendance than the bucks.
Thanks for the follow &amp; retweet! Cheers to
Glad to hear you like them! Keep checking back to see our new products.
yeah, but I never got the corrected tweet
End the Fed!
We're getting D.C. levels of pollen in Boston. OK; as long as we get the free museums, too.
So far, I've co-taught three sessions and solo taught three sessions. I have two upcoming sessions in the next week.
See "the hottest new thing in candles!" They're scent-sational!
AUGUST SPECIAL: Pay just $4.99 for a slice of cake & a 12oz specialty coffee any time, any day this month! Come see us today!
Happy St. Patrick's Day! I dont know about you but Im looking forward to eating corned beef (hopefully some soda bread) & hangin w/ friends
any advice for a US scrumhalf coming to play at Sydney Uni in less than a month?
There's a guy picking through trash cans with a rolling trash bin behind him.
You are as cute as an Easter Bunny. Hahaha.
Does in her mouth count as in? Still would lay 11+:1 on the no.
thanks for the shout-out, we'd LOVE to have you and/or other #RISD folks come participate this weekend!
been incredibly slow for me for a couple weeks now
sometimes iget Virginia and Vagina mixed up lol
are u going to make a music video to my fav song 4 letter word?
ill change my icon
Debate tonight MAYBE WE CAN FOCUS ON ISSUES.. NOT SOCIAL ITEMS THAT DON'T MATTER
Did you run/walk today?
omg i didnt mean it in tht way srry tht i made u mad i wuz joking around wit u
We prefer long and in-depth articles so it totally works! Come to think about it, we want to make us cupcakes too!
You are correct!!
#Vegas always makes me look good with clutch casino comps. #ballin!
I'm in a confused mess of sadness, anxiety and excitement. Leaving for Rome in 12 hours.
this has the makings of awesomeness
nope.. it sucks.. lolz... but i aint missin another tour... What grade r u in???
nothing like seeing a Kentucky State Policeman in my rear view mirror on my ass- glad those lights weren't on and
Have been in real estate for the past 5 years after I left the lending world. Good to hear from you! Let's grab coffee soon!
I'm stuck in the Marquette bubble.
I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places. ~ Henny Youngman
-- Actress Farrah Fawcett, star of TV's "Charlie's Angels," has died after a battle with cancer, her representative says.
Tune in now 10P-12A every Sunday its X-EFFECT with .Playing all NEW MUSIC & LOCAL BANDS. 702-791-1075 REQUESTS ?
Haha my bad bro I'm not always on this.
Vitamin B12 deficiency is a cause of #dementia. It is advisable to take B vitamins to prevent #Alzheimer's and support the cognitive health.
Black %riday is in one week I can't wait!!!!
Thanks for the latest newsletter. You rock!
I got my iPad(;
Lesnar is in Miami, Rock/Cena, Punk/Jericho, Bryan/Sheamus... #Wrestlemania is going to be epic. Never been this excited for a WWE PPV
Ok but I got suspended today and the school got my phone
awesome, thanks!
Listening to Clair de Lune while writing my papers is da best
who said u had too! We ain't even cool lol
whats up stranger?
She got my stuck between my fantasy and what Is real.
That was scary.
You're welcome, ! Thanks for coming! I'm about to tweet the slideshow link, btw :)
Today's hash tag is #nomorenain. Who is joining us today?
Cuz ima b the one that bring it to u
so happy for you!
Moved quickly onto sex talk
#Apple presenter just called G4 era users "old timey." no. 68000's are old timey.
It really just depends how transparent you want the students' work to be. Could be privacy issues there.
sometimes I wanna RT the F outta you
the #ruski's take care of me #<U+043F><U+0440><U+0438><U+0432><U+0435><U+0442>!
I've heard great things! I'm seeing the show next weekend!
I was actually going to reply back to u ... but thanks for deleting it ahha ...
RT : Disaster Project meeting to support 90 families in Leuk Derk district, Kandal province that were affected by the...
I figured it was for the Farmers Market; guess not if it's going to be sidewalk. Will find some place else for the pups...
why do they look like?!?
Early morning in the airport... Farewell NOLA. Back to DC...
My dick belongs in your mouth.
Omg Yes You Need To !
rock why did you leave wwe ?
you are a reflection of who you surround yourself with...so be sure to make an effort to surround yourself with good hearted positive people
I've been thoroughly enjoying using the word "swag" when asking place for door prizes.
You're welcome! Those cookies look delicious :)
thanks to all who came to Smalls yesterday, nice to see a packed house & so many of my students. keep coming!
So impressive to be sitting a few feet from Charlotte Gainsbourg, listening to her in such a small, intimate setting. Thanks SIFF!
can u follow my best friend she really wants to be a famous singer.
is fresh out of L.A. and back home to Chicago - you can find us rocking our asses off at House of Blues tonight.
<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB> cheers to that.
big love back to rotterdam!
did you know barley is one of the the best natural fiber foods?
Best of luck to all our entrepreneur friends at Startup Weekend Omaha!
ha will do!
your not kidding.
RT if you're going to the Elite 8 comedy competition at tonight!
right hand u bout to get money & left hand u bout to lose some money “: Hurry !!!! Which hand means money when itching twitter !!!
Always say your prayers on good days & bad.
#DirectionersLaughLikeNiall wanna trend? Tweet me or #DirectionersLaughLikeNiall and we will both follow you!
Would love to know the amount of planning that #CBS has to go through in order to cover an event like
Conch baby, conch.
only thing worse than not knowing how to act in a situation , is knowing that one action could be the one that fucks everything up .
Of course can remember EVERYTHING because that's how he is.
and , we love you, but this year, it's about the positive and the
her #tl Not Moving At All TweetsBy
Congrats on your new baby boy. I've been a mommy about 5 months now. It's a great feeling. Best wishes to you both. (:
follow me back?<U+263A>
I think a person can make a strong argument that since early christians thought abortion was wrong after the point of life1/2
Had a great time praising God in Spanish & ushering in the New Year at Destiny Church with the praise team from Casa De Gracia Iglesia.
Cozette likes THE CAT WHO #books for her #fridayreads!
Brackets busting left and right, truly Madness in March
I like making fun of people.
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..! :) Please? 11
Clicked it and peeped it. Nice moves Scotty!!! SHAKE IT UP
I love those glow lwp.great pickup
or rather, it shouldn't. I can't tweet everything else I have to say about it. It's counting down my characters.
“: My new phone is so awesome. #bejealous!” whatd you get?
I dnt got time for dis today I got things to do!! Ugh
Are you interested in covering the 2012 Oregon Wine Awards on Mar 24 in PDX?
Is "architected" a word?
Damn...that made me laugh! He IS a fine dresser!
How are things going. The video is over 2 million views that is awesome:)
The greatest ideas are the simplest.
u watch episode one of nikita yet?
Already. That happened fast!
Yes! Email us at .
Its bottom line is sobering: if the account is true, it is history's hinge. Period. If not, it is history's hoax. – Max Lucado
What Kinda Of Stuffed Animal Do You Like.?<3
Thanks for sharing your thoughts! I knew there would be strong opinions on both sides of the issue.
This is why I'm ALWAYS in my room.
but since I'm making it maximum 10 then I can give it a 10 but ur right it's off the scales !
You can't help but smile during that dance by , & !!!!
Good luck to the tonight against Charlotte. Stop by the booth to sign up for the championship ring raffle!
baby eagle pies, my oh my, baby eagle thighs in the sky, why are all the baby eagles ties so dope? thesilktie.com
Overheard "how are things going " to which he responded "Uppidy and to the right!"
I'm so tired of feeling confused...
Hating life right now! #sleepdeprived I hope was a blast.
When I got on twitter this morning my text is smaller...help!
thanks! and we'd love to do a house show out there sometime if anyone wanted to set something up
Libya troops launch assault on rebel holdout Misrata...www.tncnews.com (world)
To the new local women college player followers who's interested in playing in our 1st tournament to help promote awareness & fundraising?
We accept responsibility rather than blame others by acknowledging our own needs, desires, expectations, value or thougohts. Cynthia Harris
no worries! I can only imagine how much you have going on right now! It'll be neat to see what John can do with his business n SM
So many things runnin thru my mind rite now
For a week we go into the studio and record my first song!
So sorry for your loss.
The sound my stomach just made should be put into national geographic...
Lol. They gone think he's the Anti-Christ.
The Militant would like to, but he may or may not have dated outside his unspecified race.
Congratulations! What a fun opportunity. Enjoy!
Whatever it takes.
My lovely new followers!
Come on man.
ooowwwwww! Hell yah :) knew you had it in you :D
Oh! I could've thought of that! haha I'm so dumb!
": Don't panic * Rick Ross voice *"
Ames Hotel announcement coming on up...
Ibaka has been great on Bynum in these final minutes... outstanding defense from that young man.
Both Kenny lol : So sucking a sucker in the club means you give good head right? Am I right or am I a perv?
“We owe respect to the living. To the dead we owe only truth.” - Voltaire
Lost my keys at the soccer field and someone found them. Phew! Heading downtown now
I cry because I'm too contained to speak my thoughts...there's a feeling I get when I know no one will listen & understand.
I'm a terrible ninja, a worse comedian which makes me the worst ninja comedian ever.
Austin says he would "consider" dating a fan… i need to realize that i wouldnt even be "considered" so i should just give up on that dream..
Aww, shucks. Thank you, Rosie. You inspire me. You're pretty amazing, Lady.
Raven Symone what?
i got the crazy vocals .......chuckle
lemme get my B.O.B and I can truthfully say both!
you're amazing! Now I have to really produce it!
Unemployment dropped to its lowest level in two years as hiring continued to increase beyond expectations in March. Spread the optimism!
I'm having fun pulling out my pop-soul chops, refracting"Vision of Love" and "Rolling in the Deep" thru my voice.
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo visit facebook when your browser is already on facebook
OMG look at you. Thats awesome. Im jealous.
Technology is not a strong point for Dr Kazi. Tonight he cursed at his new digital glucose meter. It was adorable. He is in his 80's btw.
for sure!
Good sex +rain = good ass sleep n the morning after pill
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 1, 2012 Spam texts hit 4.5 billion, raising consumer ire Gillian Brockell got so fed up with unso
Make projects can be frustrating. can I get under the table?
Goodnight y'all. Austin is by far 1 of the friendliest most sociable cities I have visited. I'm eager to meet more of you fine folks.
My kids are easy to impress: cream of mushroom over ground meat w/ noodles make me "the best cook in the world."
thanks for the RT, friends!!!
Interesting to see doing a major promotion for a #boxing match. #hatfields and
Hello to you! Thank you for the follow!
When in combination what they can cause the body to produce less insulin and finally making it go into a prediabetes stage
There's this person in my life, perpetual victim- makes me nuts- so I post here instead of responding to her on FB - so I'm not the assassin
really? He kind of a douche. I really don't get it! And not only that he's proved it!
Erika Wennerstrom sounds more badass every time I hear her growl. *swoon*
I go to bed fully clothed and I wake up naked. I think undresses me in the middle of the night
Oh, I'm so glad you enjoyed Body & Soul! :D Thanks for taking the time to write about it.
Watching SERPICO with Al Pacino. I love watching old movies that show the city from way, way back in the day. :)
Great talk last night!
Ohh no, someone broke your trust in the past?
Hey Denver Browns Fans, what are some of your big goals for 2012?
Females lie more they just li better and know how to make tears appear.
what size u wear first?
We're at #CES in Las Vegas. Lets meet! Digital / Entertainment Marketing / Product Placements / Brand Extensions with Music Artists.
ahaha I know :') but I'm back now!!
He who trusts in his riches will fall, but the righteous will flourish...Proverbs 11:28 - NKJV.
For $2 a Star, a Retailer Gets 5-Star Reviews
I need some motivation to read this damn book
In the studio with ! It's dangerous in here!
So very glad to hear the good news! Tacos or otherwise. :o)
Yes but which ones... hm coll dev-do we need 2 start thinking about adding apps to bibliographies or catalogs?
you didnt mean that
Ford is riding sky high in terms of consumer perception, according to a market research firm that tracks how Americans view cosumer brands.
double-checking all around :D
I hate valentines day.
Way to GO
hehe not today though :-(
poker is like sex: sometimes you have to use the stop-and-go to avoiding busting early.
I was never a Boy Scout but, that didn't stop me from wearing a decorative sash with a cute outfit on the weekends.
Thanks for the tip. Off to find it online.
Bettie Page dresses-brand new $39.99. Also have slightly used Sarut tables/chairs-very cute for patio or kids room-patterns to mix/match.
we could belong that.
Brendan Fraser.
ahh so good to see you too :))) and hahahaha love the picture!
Why can't you just tell me. This chase isnt fun anymore..
I just frightened a possum.
Got confirmation on my #phish tix today for the Zoo Amp show!
No female soccer player has a better head on her shoulders than Abby Wambach
Ed, I was hoping you would close with "Hero." I can't think of anyone else who could capture Enrique's soulful passion.
Word to the wise: When in LA and someone asks you what television shows you watch don't respond "I don't watch TV." Conversation dies.
haha nothing happened I was bored and wanted to see what you would say haha thanks for caring(:
Thanks to all that came out tonight! Was a great show and a great crowd! We love you all your the best!
hmm, how's the knee? Are you thinking about sprinting it?
Alicia Keys was scheduled for Etta, they adding Jennifer Hudson for Whitney
Yes u can(: ur part of the lyrics is"you never need to carry more than you can hold"pics r due 2day but u can turn it in tmrw(:
JK love you :))
Thanks for the follow, Frida's! Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue & Langen Neubacher at the new Plush!
hahaha who knows? We've been around! Welcome aboard :)
World full of fakes Smh
Merry Christmas everyone!
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't - you're right. -Henry Ford
high school for girls swimming sectional finals #go orioles
Over/Under: 22 home runs for Blue Jays 3B Brett Lawrie
is at the LAKER game!
We are working long and hard to protect you...
: "Dude just hit 5 free throws and a bank shot from half court to win a new" -and tix r an acceptable prize 4 us???
because we expected more from them and its hard for most to life up to other's standard. Ur avatar makes me smile! Thank u!
and ideas? and ideals?
Why not? We could be twins :)
I'll take it, anything to stay away from this place!
how was your day?
RT : awesome prizes, thanks for being so generous!
Thank you for the shout out Rob! :)
he had some stuff he didnt take care of
Soon?! It took about 5 minutes to realize that my productivity would be at about 3% today. Oh, and every day after...
My heart sank when I read the news that MCA passed. Rest In Peace Adam Yauch
Yeah. This is the longest I've ever been quit. I have an electronic one that I have not used. No nicotine since 2/14.
Day two in the studio! :)
The US was formed 87 years ago based on belief in equality. We’re at war & come to honor those who died for their county. We’re not worthy.
lmfao.. yes. sorry): aha. Collin aint here though. aha
RHINO SAUSAGE - Ray William Johnson Video
Sucka ^.^ RT my mom took it away cuz I came home late /:
That's the beauty of music! I just saw him in SF and he/it was *AMAZING*.
Did you know that a cow can produce about 40 glasses of milk each day?
San Marcos City Hall calendar
Thanks! You gonna be playing our game? ;-)
I love being me, it makes the right people mad, and the right people happy. Plus, I never have to worry about hiding my true identity, I'M …
Taking blackout curtain and paint measurements for what is to become our "home theater" , aka Cave Didgeridoo Boy, this afternoon.
I miss home so much it hurts...
If you DM me your e-mail addy, I can send you link to CMPD website and instructions on how to use.
If you are reading this, please have Jo bring Gabby to the podium with her. Nica Hults does it for her siblings all the time.
"I ship the blue screen"
The People vs. George Lucas is on Netflix instant. Check it out, and then if you need cleansing, I have the original theatrical versions.
truth it's almost been a whole year
CNN you all are not real new why don't you get it together and try just Little to be real news like the the and only FOX NEWS
- now, can you teach me how to use iTunes? I feel so dumb!!
as time passes the reason for your anger will fade
That moment where your like ''oh thats how that feel's'' O.o
Thinking about cheating or skipping #gym? Look in mirror, do u like what u see? Decide based on that!
thanks man, but only because we have GREAT fans and a GREAT city like KC that has our backs!!
Enjoying a carton of chocolate milk...because I'm a 6 year old.
In Hartford for National Guard send off ceremony. Their mission will focus on growing agriculture in Afghanistan.
#808Pride god wanted us to b happy so dont be mad when he breaks up with u cause its just means ur 1step closer to :P
In love with the name "Tyler". Such a cute and beautiful name :)
hey beautiful hope you have a great weekend :)
Finally gonna eat something today! Still so much to freaking do...gotta keep telling myself I'm almost there.
Miss y'all.
RT if you've ever been personally victimized by this joke
Yup! Just rocked three sets of 10 jerks on the 24's and three sets of 10 snatches each arm on the 24! Stronger. Faster.
"Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room!" - Dr Strangelove (1964)
With a gong! RT : Can't believe thinks and I are quiet in the office. We may have noisiest office in the UN!
"Dance your own rhythm." -Terrence Taps
et al. Thank you for an inspiring weekend.
any more stories in the making? lol looking forward to them
Completely agree with the international community of #ELTchat. It's amazing. I wish I could go to #TESOLfr!
then you should have stayed.
I did my taxes today, widened my eyes at the amount I owe, and lifted my glass to "roads 'n shit."
#Langerhans emerges an oxen amongst a gaggle of geese.
Brand is not a logo
Whatever it is you're doing, you can do it! [hugs]
Also, we're in the semi finals of the Winter X Hard Rock band contest thing. Come out Feb 2 to the Hard Rock Pgh and go mental for us.
People sayin "they" should eliminate the dunk contest are crazy. I'll watch dunk contest, on any level, at anytime
Tez is in. Edgar's next!
Thankyou! Great program.
Thanks to all new followers ! ,,,,
Aww you welcome hun..& thanks i try you gotta stay different out here.:)
Hey, atleast Rondo didn't heave the ball at the referees head. Imagine how bad that would've looked..
My county has decided to stop handing out "I voted" stickers. So I'm going to have to make my own!
Let me be clear, it was just a coincidence that the U.S. soccer team started to struggle every time Barack was mentioned on the broadcast.
i dont know if i should stick with him or not. hmm, i think i kinda should :)
That's awesome!! Thank you so much for the love!! Happy New Year!!! <U+E415><U+E312>
Beginning to think knowledge access will be driven by boys with the biggest toys.
I luv u guys!
Doesnt want to go to work today
Don't let stress drive your day. Enjoy it as it is.
Recorded memories need to be shared, make their way out into the world. --Guha Shankar, American Folklife Center
Curious, I completed your web form 2 weeks ago & haven't heard back. Would like to speak to one of your EST sales peeps Friday
It's about that time. Goodnight Twitter fam.
College Humor shoot!
hey man. hows school
Congrats CJ!!!! Hoping Adam waits awhile before giving John his signature handshake.
wer.. I'm talking about a special follower.<U+2661>
no I'm the one who messed up on my stuff sorry about that lol
come u did that
sounds like u hurt Shapiro w/ ur words on Colins fancast. He was upset last night & had a twitter feud about t/ personal attacks
Sheila E. is still fine.
What was it like kissing ??? <U+E106>
All I know about the #hungergames is i got trashed and teen homicide is about to fuckin skyrocket!
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy .Gary Oldman goes straight to Oscar 2012. Does anyone this hashtag?
Ohio State cheerleaders really need to stop saying "let's go Ohio"!
I'm chill though.
ohh.. i bet the stomach dropped.
Still debating about keeping the prayer group and may have to write a DM.. Just want to do God's will.
Thanks so much for participating! We're already excited for next time!
Rimshot RT : It takes a good man to make a good move and cut Goodman.
Grouplove is the drunk girl who opens her mouth and you indulge her for a minute hoping she will shut up soon. and she never shuts up.
Responsive web design is meeting your users halfway. —
Any single friends willing to relocate? LOL Losing hope on MKE men. Good thing about my business: movable.
Living in Doral is like being in solitary confinement.
you block me cause I like tree of life?
as soon as I know some dates I'll let you know.
Maybe u can call n sik and bring it bak to da crib and get all dis dik and even tho we let it go its better if u no I still got it for ya:)
If you can text faster than you think than
Breen to Clyde "I can't believe we're talking about this" as boo re:
I fucking hate being single shit!!!!!!!!
Working helping guest plan there amazing vacation aboard Norwegian cruise line!
haha I just ordered my first pair recently and they are really cute!!!
@ mine too!
Watch out #cville big time speed trap on 250 by mcintire
I saw photos of Yaya DeCosta with her natural blown out and it was so glorious. It made me want to hold on to my length.
It's scientifically proven that 9 out of 10 people enjoy gangbangs
josh got to 1,000 followers! get on that ustream! i havent seen you in a while. ;-)
Twitter=Thinking Out Loud
First actual meal since Tuesday.
good you ?
And all shall be well...
have u regret any of your tattoos? lol. about 6months after i got it, i started wishin i didnt get it, but i like it now lol
So I just sunk my iPhone in the toilet #fail but it seems to be working okay so far!!
how big u trying to get? What you at now?
buncha sore hoosiers. Uk fans never treat iu fans that way in Rupp. Dont let the door hit ya i say lol!!
I'm gonna try to go to bed even though I'm not tired cus I have to b up at 7 to got to school
Or, scream...really loud.
no prob n cn we exchange numbers doe
All over my mouth
Snagajob uses the trust index to measure its culture
OMMMGG! when did you start to follow him then he did ?
hanging at retreat tonight
Check out SOM announcements page for the complete listing of Professional Enrichment Seminars!
Thanks, Lamont. We are indeed in dangerous times with this ultra-conservative movement that is dominating the right.
#Google Plus or Mark Zuckerberg: who needs an idea? i've got a big, new invention for social media. i need to tell someone abt this. 122011
grateful to all of your profession who help us see the path and make better nutrition choices.
one side of me is happy that someone is making him happy but then bABE
you boys better be good this weekend. or else.
Santorum convinced me to give $ to Obama, even though I don't love O and I think he has it in the bag anyway.
Fabulous suggestions and beautiful photos :) Thanks for sharing!
murder? ring ring!
And wipe off don't count as a bath and no matter how much you cover it up you still stink so if u wash ur ass one time a day you still nasty
omg, i have an 80. :'c my mom is so angry
except for when it eventually destroys your kidneys
Interesting. The hwy is completely clear in Issaquah and up thru Snoqualmie, but Bellevue sucks. Is Seattle even worse?
aww you're gonna be alone? I'm sorry ;(
Our very feminine female tour manager Cecilia just got called "sir" at a toll booth in Oklahoma.
Leveled out at FL410. Asshole pax bitched about rough climb. Me: "Pls Sit down and strap in. Mother Nature has a bigger dick.". LMAO to me
Great Library Space: The Final Frontier event at Rice!
Looking forward to joining and Susan Magsaman on to talk about play! Tune in at 12noon. 88.1 FM
Whoa MT : Bad news: you're falling, nothing to hang on to, no parachute. Good news: there's no ground ~ Chogyam Trungpa
Happy New Year to you. I hope that 2012 is filled with joy and success with Ruckus!
I will only use a water fountain if I'm dying of dehydration
Looks like #Prelinger collection has had >25 million downloads (not counting bogus figs or millions of YouTube mirrors)
THANK YOU BELLA for the follow!! Best to you this weekend!
Coney: idea of #privacy as a cultural norm began in the US in the 1800s, but Nazi experience drove Europe to enshrine rights into law
I swear I've seen them at Walmart within the last year or so!
Thanks! RT : -- Just clicked the "Like" button!
so how was the Beard Off? Was Jesus there?
I also use the app Tweetlist on my iPhone.. it is a great app for organizing lists
Thanks for following us We're excited to share news and updates with you!
You're welcome - hope to see you at Late Night Rose next season!
I love Justin bieber
phew. following people is hard work. :P can't wait til friday when y'all tell me who to follow... :)
you love it
., you can ask last night's sax player what he's up to when he's not on stage! :)
DeMarco Murray time ......yes
Good Morning... what a gloomy morning in Hawaii Nei. Woke up to scattered showers.
Dang this myspace ish is confusing. LadyDuet[dot]com
I love how people refuse to pull your finger like we aren't going to fart regardless.
started compiling demos for a new record. or two. lots of demos. not much time.
thanks for following us back! Send us the link to your blog so we can check it out!
Breathe into your now.
Did really well on my oral exam for portuguese!
Look on the bright side Bonds, at least you'll be home for Christmas. Zing!
yay what is it?
Just finished our daily SCRUM, what are you up to?
would unfollow me than follow me again -.- Butthole. I didn't even unfollow you!
i saw it for 150 miles across the river!!!!
it's awn... RT : save the date: THATCamp Bay Area Oct 22-23, hosted by Google. big thx to
Sarah & Christina are amazing! Love the french toast too! Thanks Casey!
I saw at Feist. She must know good music! ;)
looking nice! Can't wait.
chickn crossed the dark road, but didnt make it b/c of wolves, but there are no wolves in Hawaii - something doesnt add up !
Woohoo! Done with everything. Now, just gotta wait half an hour for the bus.
when the times is hard,i'll be around imma hold it down
Loved the review, especially your take on Effie. (I'm just a big, random fan in general).
thanks for adding us to your non mainstream media list! Quite nice to be associated with everyone on there.
When people say they want a love like Johnny & June, Noah & Allie, etc. Come on y'all. I want 1 of my very own, 1 God created just for me.
I like it! When you get time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
OK, that makes so much more sense! But still, he's gotta chill. lol
I'm not your pal, guy. I'm not your guy, buddy. I'm not your buddy, friend.
Im sure we have crossed path. I was on Myspace in its hey day...lol...
Redoing our indiegogo page now. Get ready for a vastly improved campaign browsing experience.
Oof. Bright Eyes meets Mumford and Sons isn't a great idea for a band
ight now good night ima hit the hay for tonite
So sorry Coach....You are in my thoughts!!!!!
what it really shows is how much they value M. Gamel, to trade for another 3B type? BTW, McGehee could move to 1B w/Beck also
Again: Students will not receive COF stipends or state need-based financial aid
Hey the tattoo convention is here at the Cincinnati Hyatt
happy birthday !
I Wish could follow me if he did I would Never ever forget this I would get a BIG SHEET OF PAPER AND JUST WRITE IT<U+2665>
see ya soon
Game two gonna be interesting as hell though. I'm sure they gon' go to the drawing board and come back a lot better.
Best calfs in this world wow
Keep in mind when you drive a smart everyone is watching you-I feel like everyone is watching me-they smile quite a bit too.
is she showin u around
Happy Father's Day!
3 of his four goals in 2011 were scored on a set play (corner, throw in, free kick)
Bye Fries! Hope we get to see you over the holidays.
they do. he told me. & it wouldnt surprise me if they suck eachother off every night
so excited!
word lemme know what you think
Mobile Me ceases to exist, mail contacts and calendar is now free.
Bring on the global warming baby! Yeeaah!! Feels awesome outside!
: Interesting that you pose this as a question. I would have expected a command--punctuated with a period.
Story of my life. Why can't our brains have a shut off button? RT can't sleep
Did I miss an offer????
Finally home
$220,000,000 for ten years. Sounds good to me!
R.I.P. Portland Trailblazers.
: I'm not offended. Its my greatest frustration not being able to get cost benefit analysis of most t ...
Come see us tomorrow night at Centanni Piano Bar on Water Street! 10pm-2am! Come have a drink and sing with us! =)
its an automated tweet
God gives you everything you want, it's up to you to keep and maintain it, otherwise it slips through your fingers...
you're gonna make me want to play it again lol
The moon was so cool tonight so close and so bright
the tupler splint is ok but she won't do returns if it doesn't work for you. I'm looking into a good one to recommend...
My room is so messy, stupid tornado.
I think somebody is gonna get stropped dropped and rolled
Wtf... Has Southcenter Mall always been two stories?
chew , chew , chew .
Don't hate. Always congratulate! Your turn is coming!
thanks for the Retweet! good luck!
Google Changes Forcing Internet Marketers To Ditch The Tricks and Return To ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
and I will be forever laughing my butt off.
3 days left to support TIBP! Help us raise $1000. Only 50% of our followers need to donate $10 each. Visit www.imaginebusproject.org
So welcome Paul! You did a great job!!! Cheers
Senior dance major Seanice will be on tonight at 9:00, "The Future of Black History." Tell us what you think!
“: I can count my tru friends on one hand” Yes. Me too. And it doesn't take all my fingers either. smh
I called john jim what a mistake
did you know?An ostrich's eye is bigger than it's brain.
Draw something with me!
OMG to men in uniform, any uniform ;-)
Best hurry though as it lasts “for a limited time only
Forever getting yelled at by my mom for the dumbest reasons..
I was gonna get stuff done today, buy I guess I'll just fight with Drupal instead.
please say more. What is this about 53% Black Wealth?
We, at , will plant more plants!
no matter how bad my depression is, im hoping can cheer me up. (:
If you're in love with two people, pick the second. Because, if you really loved the first, you wouldn't have fallen for the second.
Ima quit with & for the night...yall better behave in class tomorrow too lmao
Heat again? Check. Best early birthday present ever! Thanks !
My dietary habits over the past 2 days have not been swell.
5 days until until #WordPress ignition. Lots to do in the meantime!
the support is appreciated!!!
Just got the Nov/Dec issue of in the office. It looks so good.
we will have to soon hit me up sometime
RT Jeffrey Toobin on CNN re health care: 'Based on what we've seen today, I think this law is in grave, grave trouble.'
First BIG game in Memorial Stadium, Ohio vs Nebraska ...GO BIG RED!
95 minutes until BLTs for dinner, Second City at Center Stage and game 3 of the NLCS!
The Search Agency Expands to San Francisco; Opens New Office between Financial and Soma Districts
#ICriedWhen my dad stop talking to be for 3 days because if then mess i got my self into..
Just received a box of #Rogue beers from What great friends I have!
those lights remind me of the ones at The Good News Cafe in Woodbury, CT - they have parallel circuits like that too
Joe Hart, the manchester city goalkeeper misses scoring a header in the final second by a whisker. What a game ! Sporting Lisbon go through.
naw i am not going
Soo guhh my breath smell like a pamper
I'm just giving up on you ...
lmao. how r u friend?
We (time Warner cable) are hiring 2 instructional designers. Must have MA. DM me for details.
amazed at how technology has changed the world
What's the matter?
I hate when I b pissed someone ain't text me back when in reality my phone ain't send the shit.
Thursday night jam is on-hold for a bit. CD release parties soon. Sign up for email updates at blueolives.com.
I second that motion.
Reminder to all: the statutory public hearing on the Superintendent's proposed budget is Thursday at 6:30 pm at MPS Central Services.
I miss you too! one week from today! Hang in there!
Marble Size hail in The Highlands.
#thethingsbradlysays I need 2 hurry up n eat this checkers burger and this five guys so i can have a couple slices of pizza
HA! I can see that!
Don't forget, Romney got TWO graduate degrees there in FOUR years with two small kids!!!
I'll cut it for you.
Still laughing at 'White Boy Rips it at the Apollo' on youtube top comment: 'We need Black Boy Rips it at the K Club'
If Bach were still alive my gigue from cello suite three would blow his powdered wig off
Meeting with school & mom tomorrow !
Conference game tonight. Good Luck Lady Bears:)
Who's out in the parks today?? Whatcha doing? Where ya going?
indianapolis museum, they used a non-head tracker with seated user before a painting in museum and had poor accuracy
person on facebook: default? me: no, you look fat.
Rented a house in Kennesaw. The previous renter had passed out on the lawn and the neighbors loved to tell me the story.
you gonna e there tomorrow night?
Home Page uniques are good but you want your site traffic growing through other sources to grow new users
Done locked my niggah up!! Free Joe!
Join the Genuine Girlfriends of New York City at the She's the FIRST brunch this saturday!
May the 4th be with you.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Greatest name ever.
's new song "Paradise" belongs @ the end of a movie set at #Christmastime in #NYC when the main char. finally kiss in the snow.
Crazy talk--After Thanksgiving isn't too early
If I was Anthony Kedis, I'd be dead already. You're welcome.
I didn't I'm always here to make ur life a living hell. U can always count on me!
Watching the Gay Fish episode from South Park never gets old
good point. Wife said same thing. Very wise, you are.
Could've been me-recently diagnosed epileptic, tough to work. Going back to school full time instead (& taking a marketing class)
Light it up for a niggga
Don't forget - the big sale is HERE! Stop by TKG today for the greatest deals on earth!
i look up too yalll! keep it up and #TGOD!
at least i wipe my but after i poop unlike your dog..
ew. you back for the show?
That package that says "Easy to open" but you end up using a scissors, a knife, a gun & a light saber to open it..
try by swallowing your saliva. almost like a big gulp. that should help
totally agree. I'm ALL for education, but...easier said than done.
that's much better! Love you too! And oh thanks, I think its called a tassel... At least that's what Lucas said its called.
We won best charity with attitude for the Best of ABQ! Come out to Burts Sat. night and celebrate with us!
“: Kitten shopping is the best! #rescue " Wait.....is there something I should know? haha
and so glad you do! great to catch part of your talk yesterday here in full springbreak mode!
love Sinatra though, used it a few times now, sweet spot of only worrying about the details I want to, no more no less
Greatly anticipatng Leadership Modesto tomorrow: "Land Use & Planning."
As well it should. We are fierce!
If #redistricting is legislative domain then the focus must turn to legislative races. Are you happy with ur Delegate District?
pissin me off
well, the features I'm most interested in all exist in the Fire. For me, they are comparable.
Daniel Cohen of Case Western Reserve U, Ph.D. History from Brandeis, speaking now.
Thanks for adding us to your "Top Tweeps" list.
I'm with ya on this. I'm glad that Neal Adams is active, but I won't endorse (buy) this.
"I promise you, the president has a big stick" - Joe Biden
Philip Rivers cried at Kris Dielman retirement press conference ... all good quarterbacks love linemen
Keep Bynum away from the reporters.
trying to figure out how to make the borders of the Belleville Breviary into an awesome tattoo
thanks ya very much
“: When you're feeling at your lowest, raise your hands to God the highest.”
It's funny how you think your a musician but you can even keep a tempo?
Just found your parish, may we send you some beautiful bookmarks to give to parishioners?
That was a pretty ballsy mid-season finale, . I approve.
'It's very important for the youth to be aware of where they came&how they arrived here today. 'Dr. Jean Bailey, Chair of the
Today I've heard: Can I have one skim cappuccino? Answer I got: we only have non- fat and regular!
How can you not love Holland?
Happy holidays and a very Merry Christmas to everyone.
internet :D
Real Madrid defeats Barcelona in the Copa Del Rey on a beautiful header by Ronaldo.
im like ur biggest fan..PLZZZZZZZZZZZZ FOLLOW ME...I LUV U SO MUCH
True! Their selection of angles on the issue of #OpenAccess was predictable, and the shallow framing leaves more Q than A.
oh wow sweden.
well look at you all factually active lol, but that is interesting!!
750,000 #children on this planet are sex slaves.
Follow please
What is wrong with the Chargers?On paper very talented, but just doesnt translate on the field time for new coach?
Why is it that people are able to get their 5th OWI? They should not be on the roads!
'' You don't seem like the person to litter, I know I just started recently! ''
Buffy Hamilton #NJASL2010 Critical need to turn page on traditional perceptions. Need to stop doing what is making us afraid. Take action
<U+2606> "Never lose hope in anyway." <U+2606>
Skip Bayless is already at LaGuardia to pick up Tebow. He can wait...
Been day drunk for a long time, eating two burgers in a bathtub, one with ketchup, one with mustard
that's reward enough.
Huntington beach is legit. I'm a while away from there though. Where you work?
Hey New Mexican, nice to tweet-meet you!
Thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti much love, voce e muito bella
great:( RT : FDA says very low levels of radiation have turned up in milk sample from WA state but consumers shouldnt worry -AP
Big day for awards. #TonyAward nominations and winners are announced. Which will get more online news coverage?
RT : If Kentucky wins, the NCAA has already scheduled to go ahead and vacate this game in 2016.
For therapeutic massage in Las Vegas follow
Good morning!!
Ben Marcus is leading a creative writing workshop/talk for senior citizens tomorrow
MICHAEL JACKSON HANDPRINTS ARE IN NOW AT GRAUMANS CHINESE THEATERS .. GO SEE THEM
smh. These tweets!
Happy Birthday! :)
What? You're not supposed to bring presents!
I thought people's mid-life crisis came in at 40-50, mine's about 20 years too early! Haha.
RT I didn't see Hunger Games over the weekend, but I did go to Chipotle with a crossbow. Free burrito bowl!
Gonna be at spill Tonight think I'm gonna get my #PartyRock out I play at 10
yeh I'm so fucking bored
depending on how many in your party and availability where do you prefer to go.
Wait Frank was wearing that WWF hoodie in 2008
when was the last time he did one,like last month right????
Astute observation! Next round starts at 1EST, then closing plenary on paradigm shifts in science/academia, & DataONE
Blowing up voxer!!!
He's meeting my parents... Oh gosh I think I'm more nervous than he is.
How is it that millions of years of human evolution have failed to weed out the village idiot?
Happy Birthday to composer Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach! (son of Johann Sebastian Bach)
seriously! In all the time I've had twitter and spazzed I have never been jailed but now its twice!
Movie was str8
There is a bird singing outside my window. He may only know 3 notes, but he's not ashamed to share his music, repeatedly!
Damn he fucking slow
Welcome to #CreativeGood. Any questions, give us a shout. Best, Jeff cc
does anybody every feel like they took bong hit when they didn't take a bong hit?.....
Glad ya like it! RT : checked your music out, definitely gained a fan.
This is tweet 1525!!
RT : On our way to my sons surgery appointment. Send him your good thoughts and prayers. <<- on there way bro!
im in that fan club! Ive never seen you there lol
*high five*
thanks love!! Can't wait for you to come<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
right, anecdotes versus survey data not equal
- Umm . . . how else (grammatically) would Apple suggest that this will be the "year of" the iPad2? Seems pretty clear 2 me.
I already miss
I'm thankful for extra whitening toothpaste that also offers tarter protection AND fights cavities.
that guy is a freakin joke. He shouldn't be able to give an opinion since he is biased. What a douche
Such a cute picture! Glad you had a fab time! <3
We would really like the heat to work consistently in the office. Bre is bundled like an Eskimo.
Be patient, have faith and work towards what you desire.
I liked Cain 6mos ago, first time I heard him speek, and that goes down hill each time he speeks after that
Great interactive and productive workshop today. How to Ahh-Luminate Your Marketing Message was a hit!
gotta love those red eye flights for some last minute sight seeing!
Thanks to our amazing sponsor tonight and guest host
Danica will be promoting Coke Zero for Coca-Cola. Promos will start this month.
I took my dad's 70-year-old Longine watch in for repair and now they follow me everywhere on the web. Poe, not Poo, Corner.
i wonder who missed me
or Blake Collins is not ready for college.
I really feel in love with the song #SAYSOMETHIN .. Thanks for an awesome song!!!!!!
“If all my friends were to jump off a bridge, I wouldn't follow. I'd be at the bottom to catch them when they fall.”
Carmen: It says long-lasting but I don't trust wrappers!
sunday brunch in the makings at Hoegger Dairy home kitchen...yum
When people younger than me make smart ass comments, I want to punch them so hard.
Ok I'm baffled by this one. Someone just told me I look like 50 cent???....
#retweet #follow for
Dang! Most cliche crime Americans fear did happen: cruise passengers on tour bus held up at gunpoint in Mexico. Hard country to sell.
Or are you to lazy to even figure out what the job is first?
Can you point me to any success stories or positive impacts of the DC bag fee?
Good Luck to Everyone Running the South Shore Half Marathon! Special love to my Wild Peeps out there.
tweetdeck makes it easy
We may have just found another new species of ant on Broadway in Manhattan.... Confirming ID.
Um, yeah, looks nothing like you... {hehehe}
Going to the gym to get ready for the Stein Hoisting competition...
Have to think the NRA planned their annual meeting in St. Louis this year to see Pietrangelo in playoff action.
Lol. Not funny. Have a good day. Im thinkin about you as well. I love you too. :)
lol not mad..
You know it's going to be expensive when the parking meter takes credit cards!
I know it all pretty much lol
You need to be aware of what others are doing, applaud their efforts, acknowledge their successes, and encourage them in their pur
we don't do that in America... try Canada.
all I know is I have to be there at 920 lol
tomorrow night!
RT : film disrupted "we can't mess with nature" by having nature mess with itself
We want 2 thank all of our supporters & everyone whom has bought in to our vision for a unified, progressive & prosperous Memphis!
maybe thats bc cable/satellite service is becoming more expensive than internet service?
Miss you too bro! Hope you're doing well!
I hate reading Romeo and Juliet , it makes me jealous of Juliet..
thanks for all these good suggestions.
girl, you are making waves wherever you go! thank u for spreading the #libraryEVEYWHERE love!!
AP is not worth AP's money. No RB is.
RT : Whitney had a impact on everyone <3
I know! :D hehe
I'd give my life to the American people, but I would never die for a country that kept Black & Brown people enslaved for 500 years.
where you move to?
looking forward to running into you!
One week away from the biggest specials we've ever offered!! We wanna see everyone May 19th!!
When is #spring coming back. No more rain in Chicago.
Yeah. Now he's going to be good and pissed. I'm really going to miss you guys.
Tesla to release Model S early US electric car manufacturer Telsa Motors is set to release its new 'Model S' a month earlier than
HA Ha STreeT beaUty EntErtainment is the best female entertainment in Houston Texas
mother nature is on her
&& I think I really like who I'm becoming, there's times I might do it, just to do it , like its nothing .
Hangover every saturday morning? Lol No worries! We have the cure ;) $20 Bottomless Drafts Saturday Night PLUS $3 Shots! Clic
Been trying to book travel w all day & still getting errors. Giving up and looking for a diff carrier. What is with this day?
Save mine since I just called you!
LOVE our Troops!
"The dog is the only animal that has seen his god." - Author Unknown
FML it's getting hot & I'm wearing UGG's
i want to be noticed by again :( i think she forgot about me
Every girl has 3 guys in her life: the one that she loves, she hates, and she can't live without. In the end, they're all the SAME guy!
HanCOCK:a rearticulation of the uncivilized Black Buck
"In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks." John Muir, born on this day in 1838
That awkward moment when you see the same exact tweet from yesterday on your timeline again today from another page.
Creative Commons reminds me of Dietary Laws. You can eat the chicken, but not something else and you still have to buy the chicken.
Tribute To You is my favorite song for this year!
You only get #oneshot for fame #makeitcount we did.
treasure everything good, trash everything bad =)) fckem!
HELL YEA! the saints better get there asses in gear now.
Punch the clock now back hm in his arms til 10
Did you cry when Madea went to jail? I did.
A splash of Hawaiian Punch (yes, kids Hawaiian Punch) takes your mimosa to a whole new level. You're welcome.
If playing sans #morals is the only way 2 level the playing field, do u really wanna b in the #game?
I find it odd that the machines at Seton Hospital charge $1.50 for a soda and $2.00 for water. Promoting healthy what?
Just be glad it wasn't Zsa Zsa.
Tent City @ #RIT! Getting ready for the
For more info., u can go to our site- www.3sgiants.com. Thanks everyone! :) Our group, Elby Brass, CD- www.elbybrass.com/music! :)
Hi comrades . . . . I really miss all you guys, sorry I was recently very busy in preparation for exams in June next.
Cant wait to meet at the show May 5th!
Tonite was great, but I had to minister thru a broken heart when I found out about Whitney. Prayin for her fam and her sister Cece winans.
being retweeted is very validating.
Embarrassed to report that I'm NAPPING before my 3-mile walk with family!
A very busy few weeks to come, good planning is the solution here.
Sexually Frustrated
Re: Weird creepy folks...Lol! This cracks me up!
Putting Portland on our back. Let's help the underprivileged and give our youth a good foundation to grow and expand on.
Hung out last night at the Center Club...made some new friends..renovation looks awesome!!
have no idea wasted lol
This is a very cool thing that you doing! General Aviation is so important to this country. Tks!
This is FACT and I'm a big DC Comics guy...“: “: Marvel > DC (no contest)” <- Agree!”
Going to Romeos
Eating Rice Krispies and watching novelas con mi mami!
I can't message you back cause you aren't following me :)
hahaha. Maybe you should have hooked up sabertooth crack whore when you had the chance.
Shout out to new followers.
Got Thornton Wilder's "The Matchmaker"? It made it to B'way as "Hello, Dolly!"
PARTY PARTY PARTY TONIGHT YOU BETTER BYOB THOUGH LOL "ABC PARTY" DRESS CODE STRICTLY ENFORCED!!! 314 THE HEIGHTS!!
Keep your dreams in sight at all times, dont let the 9-5 jack your sh*t.
Summary Box: 1 in 2 grads jobless or underemployed
Jamminnnn out to #BOYFRIEND at work
I NEED U TO DANCE ON THE BUS IN MIAMI AT KING OF DIAMONDS HIT ME UP
Will do! Cheers!
Watching #The Wiz.. throwback to Diana & Michael..
Why wasn't Kelly a better option to play 3rd tonight than Inge, wait i'll answer that- because Leyland is a jackhole.
OMG! They look amazing!
Please tell David to relax and breathe. Have a rockin' Friday!
I am going to enjoy my Friday
good nite bay give my kids a kiss for me
Da fuck? why is it when I ask for the right thing,they give me the wrong thing..
the bulls aren't a 1 seed w/o rose? so I'm guessing the spurs were still a 1 seed w manu w 1 elbow & Tim w a bad ankle & mem was a true 8?
Holy shit that criminal minds was too intense for my liking
just rain overnight in atlanta, snow in chattavegas?
Ooh the back handed birthday greeting. Well played Demy.
It is what it is...that's life- charge it to the game
Bloomberg vs Google wrt big data: Bloomberg returns "crafted answers" not just crawled pages
...Or, use photos avail online: search for 'public domain' pictures which you can use free.
Gem from AMA: "this is your sister-in-law ;) when are you coming to visit us? and what is the most irritating thing annie does?"
So many people in Bradley County don't have homes any more. They need all of our prayers and help.
I'm glad this series is over now Bynum can focus on getting rid of all that grey hair ... Michael Oher ass nigga man ...
Running away from your problems is a race you'll never win.
Glittered cleavage at beer booth makes us happy.
Oh, Nick Montana. You can only get better from here. We feel your pain too.
just caught her crotch on fire and I enjoyed. 2 bowls down
About to go run errands and junk.. Three more papers to write before 1:15 tomorrow.
RT YEAH!!! RT : Sarah Palin needs to just smoke a big joint and shut up!
Oh, is THAT what you did on that black and white? I was like, "Damn, how do they look so good when I didn't do anything??"
Late nite kfc then work in a.m.
love your show
Yemen President reiterates to stay in power until 2013
Reading Annie Proulx. Makes me want to go back to Montana!
Which of our Choices includes warming and cooling products that provide pain relief?
Thanks for stopping by. The HM is a staff favorite!
CBRE earns renewal of 3 million-sq.-ft. outsourcing contract with Lexmark
yeah we have two seasons here. Winter and road construction. Lol
Hope the fair was a success this weekend! We'd love to volunteer/sponsor next year's. Let us know how we can help.
i REALLY miss somebody right now. These next 3 months are gonna be tough
Coz I remember every sunset, I remember every word you said, we were never gonna say goodbye..
thanks for the #ff. wishing you a happy Easter.
he was a kind harmless and guileless alcoholic.
I Want You Back Not for who you are now!:-) For the person I love unconditionally:-) Money can't buy me love REAL LOVE, Love Hard:-)
Actually it's Sun. night. Sorry if I sent the wrong info.
Man who say it cannot be done should not interrupt man doing it.
A good catch. It would be the highest BABIP of Pierre's career, but hey...that's what he's hitting right now.
The act of taking the first step is what separates the winners from the losers -Brian Tracy
Subway has breakfast... but dont buy it
'LAWL' will probably start trending.. LAWL.
SURF REPORT: Pacific Beach 3-4 ft waist to chest high occ. 5 ft. FAIR CONDITIONS
That's what we like to hear! Visit us soon!
TAN presentation went well (I think :)
if you re 9 months premature then you re just a stain
What a great idea - Jerry deserves it!
This morning I'm at "Let's Go! Moving Detroit Beyond Business as Usual" at the Max M Fisher Music Ctr in Midtown Detroit.
Ready to act like a nasty bitch tonight and drink south with
been away from the web for most of the week..sorry to hear about Amy Winehouse..so talented, so young, so sad :'(
hehe mi clothes in that corner will always be there!
Filmed my friend Dan Bilzerian win 400k in a drag race today. Sick money bro! Nice seeing an old school muscle car beat a 2011 Ferrari.
#worldnews Prof Cathy Warwick, chief executive of the Royal College of Midwives, outlines her fears about the "commercialisation of childbi
Ching chow chi chong = you have gross feet.
we will be where ever Lauderdale cove is! Lol
you should be
Marketa Irglova & Iranian percussionist Ida music sounds HUGE at this little NPR recording studio. Cool!
#duckdynasty makes happy happy.
i'm so sleepy right now
Many men suffer from delayed ejaculation and their female partners are very frustrated by it. Quite a number of women think ...
"get over him" "hes not worth it" "dnt give up" keep hope" "u never know" this is all i here i dnt even know wat to do anymore :/
got some good news cooking.
AMEN! She's a poser.
You know that i like you.....but....you like me?
hosting launch event, Featured articles on , , , , GREAT STUFF
sorry guys i havnt been on i got grounded :( ~selena
Garcia: Power of camera. When faced w/ line of police w/ guns & badges, your only protection is a camera. So vulnerable.
Scored a sewing machine, that should make this outfit go quicker!!!!
Happy Hour now, $10 tap beer special later. Does it get any better than this on a Thursday?!
It was ugly and boring. As I just said elsewhere, the worst movie of any that year that I had positive expectations of
thanks girl!! This sucks hahah
So much spam on Twitter. Argh!
i was a bit worried about how we would go forward with all this..we are not ur fathers p.a.c...i have social media at hand
Please the art in your links. We can't all attend the Art Stops. Though we thank you for them.
you missing TX yet?
At the annual meeting!
I agree. $1 hot dogs are so good. Lol
on my way to Best of Times Ballroom to teach privates then Beg. 8pm Inter/adv.9p.m. 6225 SW 8 Street.
Looking for good audition songs (show tunes and otherwise) for a bass/baritone. Whatta ya got people?
Guess we know how that sports announcer feels about Thad Matta..."you're hott!"
#FAQ- are you mad? THATS JUST HOW MY FACE IS GUYS.
Um... everyone anywhere gets their rights via the indulgence of the majority. Except in places like North Korea.
I'm token some sensi star
Google Earth Adds Balloon, Kite Imagery
“: Did legs today just for you Alex ” good boy now make sure to eat your beans
tough decision, but
I'll Be Back In The Studio Nex Week To Record My New Club Bangger Called "Get-It Get-It" Yall Get Ready!!!!!!!
good ole state fair where the cream puffs are the only thing not deep fried and served on a stick!
Hey , you're amazeballs. Thanks so very much!
Hey #Albuquerque! Follow , a local country singer. Let's support our own!
Yeah, you gonna be in town?
That Colbert made us look pretty good.
right now.
You ready for today bro!?
great. now every time I see shawarma I'm going to think about that
yeah buddy!!!
You'll realise the value of something when it starts leaving you.
Raised out of anger but it wasnt my fault
Congrats! RT“: We're finally moving into our classrooms! We just emptied 100 boxes out of a U-Haul truck.
I totally agree<U+E328>
Tim Elliot is fun to watch. So unpredictable & a real warrior fighting through the eye poke. Another amazing performance by the flyweights.
Watching one of my favorite movies, "The Day After Tomorrow."
I heard scott was coming back with laura?
thanks for following!
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:)
I Love Akron! Am I right?
Suggs, on ESPN, on playing Bengals Week 1: "It sucks to do it against a division opponent because they know you so well."
dang... I missed my calling as a cookie scribe!
Just realized after this semester is over, I'm starting my victory laps... yes laps, I will be happily taking two!!
I think this =possibly "co-signing" a movement/ artist the dead artist wouldn't B down 4 if he/she were alive....
correction vastly
Better late than never, at Imagined Overload: Material Cultures of Excess and Minimalism
Just landed down in LAX. I know EXACTLY what Miley Cyrus felt like.
Macho Man Randy Savage Garden
Thanks for getting the word out, look forward to seeing you there. Show up by 9am for the best selection.
Don't even fret, there are tons of events to check out this weekend in town! I'll see you if you don't see me first ;)
Taste changes. Good theater is always good theater.
Who wants to go halfers on some Reese's Cup's?
Watching E! Entertainment Specials . . .
It is definitely hot and dry here...I like heat though :) I'd way rather be hot than cold. Have fun w/ the belly dancing :)
thank you! :-D
will you follow me? You are one of my inspirations you have helped me get through so much ..
We have a new server ready - vpn-sf27 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
HEY MY TWITTER FAM !!!! ITS BEEN A WHILE SINCE I BEEN ON HERE I AM ABOUT TO EASE MY FACEBOOK AND SOCIALIZE WITH YOU GUYS ....
Come in for Island Night!!! $4.50 Margaritas and $3 Coronas.. Also Ask about our new soup of the day!!
#ala11 RE: Google+ points out that according to Google+ TOS users must be age 18 and older - 18+ which is same TOS for Gmail
My Mom Is Such A Bitch .
In need of a contingency plan. Seeking a sublet/temp room share starting immediately. Contact me if you know of one!!
Thank you, my friend. The Fourth Estate prepared us well. MT : Hats off, Zell! Well-deserved! made a very smart move.
ima turn up fa yal while I'm down here lol
Is that your cat, or Schrödinger's?
when i become a real heartless female, i dnt wanna hear shit from no one.
Please keep the family of Valerie Hamilton in your thoughts! Her family lived in my neighborhood.
Tuition and fees at 4year schools up 300% from 1990-2011. Even health care costs rose at half the rate of the cost of
take your biscuit and shove it in your third nostril.
Seeking for LPN for Pasco County send resume to
i do have 3 godchildren :)
girl, i miss you too! we forreal need to do something this weekend.. you up for it?!
Watching Dallas vs lakers lets go Dallas
It's amazing how 800mg of Ibuprofen makes me feel like I DIDN'T separate my AC joint this weekend. Damn false confidence...
I'm truly thankful for another day!!
Is in the ATL
No amount of toilet paper stuck on the bottom of my shoe could make me feel as embarrassed as North Korea must feel right now.
Election night is about to begin. Bring it on!
Luis Scola is soo underrated. He can ball.
go Cards!
Studio Network Solutions Announces Evo v4 Shared Storage System at NAB 2012
#IfIHadThePower to turn anything into food I think i'd faint from how happy i'd be..and i'd make food for the poor and homeless in the world
Say yes to the dress is on. Welp, looks like I won't be sleeping for a while
Wake up twits
hello i have your facebook florencia abigail you add me on facebook
Don't feel obligated to post; I'm doing this for an MLIS assignment. I should be following librarians. :)
Great day, #UU Berkeley Fellowship! Balazs Scholar and Transylvania, and great decision making about our future!
why are we so adorable.
It's hard to argue convincingly that the thing you thought yesterday shouldn't even be legal today you realize is a constitutional right.
Kentucky doesn't have a lot of guys who need to be stroked!! -Jimmy Dykes
in the future, we will have indestructible iPhones. “: Apple Looking at Samsung Flexible OLED Displays for iPhone 'Yoga'?...”
Let My Dreads grow out My bitch Got A Blow Out
lil harsh don't you think?
D.C.: The more things change, the more they stay the same.
When you're trying to be quiet and fail miserably cause you accidentally keep slamming/dropping things...
Food. Important. made pancakes this AM. They were delicious.
Nap time.
Omg he called me out of nowhere talm bout imy n stuff like that!!!WOW i think we`re goin to get back together real soon imy2 # 6-12-11
Looks like Chikwe answered your wish Any commits after yesterdays spring game? Was hoping for 1 or 2 of the DE's from WI.
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.353
Whew. Only the best froyo in town apparently.
yeah that shit was insane!
: FYI, ladies - I'm out of a ramshackle ingredient, so today will be an experiment in cleverness + courage
Qwrap) Andrea May - VP Inst. Design Service in Minneapolis #clouduc8 Glad to join today.
LOL Whats stores do you wanna go to for dresses?
So, here I am... working... tweeting... bored... what to do ugh
E&P earnings calls indicated a pullback in spending ahead which is good
If you're mistaking my bluntness for meanness, sorry but it's realness
Man I wish i could get a puppy. Doggies are always right there for you. When you're sad, happy, whatever. You are their world!
We should never discourage young people from dreaming dreams
#wssmiami "It's the MESSAGE!" Alison Thompson
it's rude to not reply. Plus this conversation has brought mild amusement to me, so I will allow it to continue
Oh nice have you shopped at our store before?
Lost my phone now I'm back online, gotta admit it was nice not being plugged into the matrix
Last day of shooting tomorrow. Yay!!
Dumb people annoy me. There are a lot of dumb people in the world.
it's amazing how fast things change.
I'm back after an afternoon at the salon. I think I've lost two pounds
Common and Creative uses for Hollandaise Sauce
Thought there were a huge amount of Harvard fans, but no, the empty seats are red.
Jason Sklar uploaded The Sembello Pull
sustainability of their passion is most important
yeah it was ((: loved it .
Currently painting some shorts
Good news the so sexual video is done and will be released soon!
12 Months!? - That's more then a vacation - where you headed?
Nice to drive by and see work in full swing on the new studios/cafe in
Crime does pay. The law protects the crap & the criminals in this world.
Sure thing! Depending on the week, we could be often in need of legal representation.
Just go off the phone with our manager. Our summer tour is coming together quite well! We should be announcing dates any day now.
lmao why what I do?!
we beat duke a few nights ago.
Silence doesn't mean I quit, it means you're just not worth it anymore.
Thank GOD, Yes, Life is good. I'm Rocking as always, Performing, DJing, Top 40 Int'l Music with all my greatest Talents & Performers (Int'l…
we were happy to send to your class :)
Were they out of Bengals/Browns jerseys lol? Appreciate the Indianapolis shout out either way.
Oh. Gotcha. Hey are you and Kayla okay?
Ever wonder where you'd end up if you took your dog for a walk and never once pulled back on the leash? - Robert Brault (via )
you're a Biotch
whats the project about?
just one game of many this year, no big deal
I had a bit of a problem with the video of Versus Leviathan's interview. It isnt a good quality. Ive tried my best to enhance it... but
that just got a retweet from me buddy what is up!
6th man of the year?
oh do tell~
sounds good. Heading home today. Let's chat tomorrow.
Going to announce that you have signed with a team?
Thank you lady
#HIRING #CONTROLLER #CLEARWATER $$$$ #RESUME to
Schamazing! Literally laughed out loud.
Where will the music go next?!
yea you are right, but it still was too soon for Tello to play, Pedro and Alexis would have made a difference
Just realized that no Internet -> no Apple TV. No indulging in ridiculous Discovery shows on Netflix tonight.
Fucking horny as hell bro
Love your mate’s pet, and you love your mate.
I saw you & said damn she a dime. I never seen a girl who look so fine. But now your all mine. Gazing into those beautiful eyes that shine
Dang I wish I could see E and this Sprinkle kid as bookends for the Silver Bullets. That's a scary combo!
#DEAD DEAD RT : You gotta watch fat people, theyll eat the filter after they smoke the cigarette
Does anyone use an application on their android to track poker?
I think Diet Coke is disgusting, and I don't like most wines. #sorrynotsorry Love a good cocktail or mixed drink though. #cheers <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
watch MASH <3
This plays on here are the ishhhh.
So which chest-thumping "freedom-lovers" on FOX will have the balls to stand up for gay freedom?
That plan always sounds better on paper. Also works better when you are showing a movie in class.
Time can't go by fast enough.
Man Makarov was getting' on my nerves. Bout time I did something about him.
There's a first time for everything
No thank you babe, I got Two DJs I work with, thank u tho! :)
Coffee's up! We have some of the books required for summer reading
anyone see last nights game
Pluck out your eyebrows. Draw them back on.
There is def demand for media studies podcasts. Heard that expressed at SCMS.
Brazos Private Equity Partners has acquired Winebow, Inc., one of the largest importers and distributors of fine wines in the US.
Inspirational #FF to
Wow. I ate $10 worth of nuts in 3 days. I have a problem.
on #journals: inefficient distribution, stodgy in content, time consuming to manage
I am all about the #Kony2012 deal! Its getting serious. #invisiblechildren #IloveAfrica #LRA gotta go!
When I search for something on Wikipedia I get a white screen with only "24" on it. And the number 24 is on the top left corner of all pages
going cut the grass today hope it goes quickly
i cant say i have a clue hwat you were talking aboot but we shall compare this hweekend. Prouda you.
Listening to Ellie Goulding - Lights reminds me of some crazy ass nights at Solas Raleigh with
MS Word suggests I replace "helluva" with beluga. I would, but then my story would go in an entirely different direction.
Can Reggie Miller please get name right! Sorry Dre. You're too good of a player for a broadcaster to mess that up.
Make your mornings tough, then the rest of your day seems easier
okay baby. :)
Wondering when is going to test his talents on the ice with a little
it couldn't go on forever
A male that dont love his mother. Wont love the bitch either...
sounds like a plan! - on the plus side, who doesn't like extra sleep?
I was sleep dreaming about it, woke up doin it
Draft online terms of use for 9th grade education level says Ian Ballon
Really hard to pick since I love them all, but if I had to choose. Marry the night for 1st and HML for 2nd.
A fundraiser for a Christian denominations came to Las Vegas for Keen. He reported back, "I've never seen such selfish churches in my life!"
Looking for the next place to throw an event
Did either one of you get the DM I sent you last night about spam coming from your accounts? (just following up)
MLS for Owen?
Stupid ah females<<<<<<< lol
At ALISE. Great paper by Marcia Bates re framework for information professions - multiple
Forget food trucks, downtown Memphis needs a coffee truck
yo dude what's up I wanted to ask for some advice. Hit me up
amazing performance tonight!
Haircut attempt take 2
You are a great publicist! TYou
Saw some behind the scenes photos of photoshoot from Sunday very excited to see the pictures!
im 17 (: lol a little on the old side.
your bladder is full of science.
Just joined angieslist.com
the sun is shining bright in the blue skies -- oh and the thunder is booming/rain pouring.
bro really im fine and i love you
the ability to walk without stopping for breaks every 10 steps
Happy Opening Day! Go get 'em, Tigers!
the guitarist for this band ate going to start calling fans nuggets ....... So how's nugget life y'all
Worth noting that no named source has ever said team is for sale.
You can lease it for only $15
Do you think we'll FINALLY find out what did?
I would not be surprised to see Rand Paul as VP choice of
I bet it was awesome being w/ Lilo !
#IfWeAreInARelationship , cheating should never be an option, and should never cross your mind.
Just added another acoustic show at Joliet West WESTOCK! We'll have Craig Owens tickets on sale there too! Get there early bc we play 1st
I'm in NJ... never registered for that race though :(
Congrats on another great #SecretSupper event!
Pretty boy swag is like the definition of my friend cody lol xD
had a lovely time tonight
Heating up the tub for tonight's filming of week 2 of Hot Tub Sleeper Picks! Stay tuned for the episode tomorrow!
Wow. Just frackin' wow.
cause you said you sent me a tweet....
SO excited that Gary Harris committed to SPARTY!
Just poured coffee down the front of my shirt. I have a feeling today is going to be a winner!
Heading to see tonight at the Riverside? Stop into Beta for a cocktail before or after the show. Cheers to the weekend!
HEY HEY HAY BELIEBERS
I guess the Oreo turns 100 today. If you haven't already, go and get yourself some of the cake batter Oreos. Seriously, those things rock
Not a single snake is found in #Ireland. On the other hand, the only reptile found is the lizard.
Idk why i do this to myself lol.
tell them to come on by!!
Are you in AC for the games?
Where Is The Six Flags ?
RT : Hawaii has the best water patrol in the world, these guys know their shit
Cleaning up my follow list (so I can actually keep up with Twitter) feels really good. Spring cleaning, of sorts.
Snow in October proves that #Globalwarming is a myth...
I did not tweet this. did. I would never say bfast tacos here I come. (but I will dominate some bfast tacos)
CM Punk vs Chris Jericho!!! WWE Title on the line!!!! #WrestleMania Let's Go CM Punk!
Happy Mother's Day to all mom's....esp my mamma! :)
On - going back in time 400 years to see what's new in San Elizario Tx
I'm around Tallahassee now actually haha
I'm so blessed experiencing what I have.
Just listened to a little girl about four years old sing two full verses of Mary Had a Little Lamb. It was adorable.
Thankfully, combinatorially is, in fact, a word.
on it. My whole month of May is going to be 'about that life'
Bike cops all over the ina thornydale area!
RIP Mary Kennedy. Another sad story of mental illness and our country's refusal to deal with actual issues.
Do it! RT : woman in nail salon just keeps staring at me. Not even being casual. I'm about to yell BOO! in her face lol
Florida is not playing around, up 43-19 at half
I will see if we can get to 1 this year as well, only have two tickets for most games tho
PYRO PRODUCTIONS: My Last Judgment, Ashes Of Angels, The Fall Of Catalina, The Seventh Cavalry & Casanova Sat April 17 @ The Spot, 6:30, $6
95 n wisc isntt same as 95 in ga or anywhere in south baby...its called humidity ;) ..yall would burst n2 flame quickly..lol
But I had fun so it's straight
The festivities for the Lone Star Performance Explosion continue tonight at AvantGarden. 7-11pm. More great performances!
The Book of Acts // RT : What do you guys think would go on a reading list for radicals?
Traveling to #NYC to visit SourceMedia headquarters with
and yeah...hope the lakers win tonight!
The only way around is through.
no date, just lazy! And that crazy monster fed the piggies breakfast! They will take lettuce from anybody(thing!) :)))
and I need to have a Rock Band day again.
Back at the UCB Theater "studying"
i just did!
I have 2 promo codes for 's new #leanstartup app. Looking for feedback... any takers?
Like grow up smh. :o
That fake shit is NOT my style...
Thanks for the RT!
yup and you dont want them to think that
ELI it's your time!!!
Ctfu nigga iz u stupid? Nobody want they woman bein touched by everybody n the club, that shit iz a turn off
Critical Thinking and the Mayan “Prophesy” - Philadelphia Inquirer (blog)
“: I agree. I'd like to see a SG over a big man. But I trust Cal... lol”
"I mean we still bag our tippers.." lol what.
i love reading all of your inspirational quotes
Your just making yourself look bad.
DONT EVER SAY I DIDNT WARN YOU....
Had fun partying with and :)
Holy crap! Well done Matt. Will be great to hear what he has to say on the matter.
Speak boldly about what you believe deeply.
i love reading lines invoking the sea
Chandler is too on D
got anything special planned?
DEPENDING ON OTHER PEOPLE CAN BE A BAD INVESTMENT!!!!!
I had to go to my high school today and it was lame
I hope she does not get her phone taken away
Team loyalists buy season tix. Everyone else helps get you a nightly sellout. Never underestimate casual fans' power.
Just sold a lot and finished our largest Remodel project.
Since the beginning of time I believe. Remember that whole Eve and the fruit situation? lol
EVERYONE OUT THERE ON TWITTER; IF YOU ARE A BELIEBER FOLLOW ME! BIEBER MANIA HUR(:
Hey Mario.. are you looking for a hunting cabin? If so, I have a recommendation for you.. let me know..
Seriosuly spent all afternoon fangirling. I need to go to rehab or something cause addiction is a bit unhealthy...haha.
Q. What’s the difference between men and government bonds? A. Bonds mature.
can't get over this sad sad day:(((
it's like rotislav or something idk but everyone calls him rusty :D
so I take it you like the New Green Chile Rub?
Listen to i wanna go at Aaron Davis on my facebook fan page For feed back on how you like it thank you everybody :)
This mall is dope af
#lolz RT : it was like $7. Way too expensive!
I'm all about you
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?15
Peeps over thinking Romney's campaign and decisions. What he really needs to do is #gothirdperson like Newt. Peeps like that.
Good Morning having only 24 hours off last week, looking forward to this short week and a 3 day weekend. Thinking road trip.
...yeah that was the only thing that sounded cool that I said all day lol
this is & i got twitter limit on the other account. it's my 2ND account. i'll tweet you the links like now:)
Revolution throught the music!
$13 tattoos next Friday? Really, how can I say no to that?
I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser.-- Arnold Palmer
At choir practice
This is the greatest.
I have to agree that was a great talk today on zones, etc. Congrats!
If 5 years ago someone told me at age 18 I'd have my dream car and be shopping in Beverly Hills, I would've said yeah right...
welcome to my Apple family little iPad..join the homesharing. you are my favorite device now.. don't tell iMac or iPhone :) <3 <3 <3 it!
Interesting... my macbook is setting my time zone to Pacific... while I am in Eastern... a message from the universe?
omg^.^ He does have one
Everything will be okay in the end, if it's not okay,it's not the end.
I heard they were working on it...good idea for a campaign, but they GOT to do their homework first next time!
It's mew-zaaam. Learn it.
Just #truth :-) Man I hope the NBA gets this deal done. I bet you are gettin bored : D Needs my Mavvies.
Stomach is hurting badly , need a Ibuprofen ( think thats how its spelled ) lbs :\
Maybe my success was a god given gift and not something I worked for every single day of my life or maybe you're just making excuses
Being single can b rough
Newt: you MUST stop a madmen if on suspension of them being a danger. Funny how we're the only nation that actually used them.
Back to reality.
Double OT at da Garden. Solid.
Joining Immersive Ed Quest chain #3dgamelab. If I never return, tell my family I love them.
Ladies and gentlemen......balls to the wall.
I kno just how u feel!
and you got em both...cuz cash rules.
haha yeah, except the class that I was in when I tweeted you we are allowed to have our phones out(:
It has been my honor.
Lol love you
/ That's very impressive.
RT or follow if you see this:)
Oh yeah “: Powerful man RT : Can I just say that I am a man amongst a room full of power women? #tradhome #DesignTV”
I'm dying of frustration. I wish I wasn't so easily riled up. It's a horrible habit.
"Western, NY Night Club Video Reviews" with YungFr3sh and Ahom Productions
Dinner @ tonic. Um are you playing all my fave songs of the 90s? I love you, even before this nommy veggie pizza!
follow me??(:
lol Those drinks went your head. See Big Face?
Loving Bieber and the Federal Tax Code
Staying on topic is a "typical liberal" thing, which you couldn't do after 1 tweet, and is by no means an insult. So, thanks.
April shimpeno & co. Photography is awesome. She is on Facebook too to check out her portfolio
Leaving you with the memory of all the highs and lows, that have come and gone. Leaving me with just a scent of spring lilac after the rain.
Everyone is so excited for the iParty extended starting, but us folks in Hawaii still hafta wait 4 hours... :(
Is it poor form to ask former editor to re-hire me now that I told her to SUCK IT? It was a paid job, after all.
Two days until the official release of the venue & theme of the 87th #DiplomaticBall!
Love the idea of connecting and sharing!
RT : trunk is FULL of stuff for tonight's play date! See you at super soon!
Big Ang is rough looking Lol all this surgery won't help her.
God is great and follow those who love him and follows his advice.
Pretty much can't do anything so sick:(
of course r u
I have a million pictures here! Another one of my fav places to shoot
me too :( it sucks!
Wait 1 more min... Seconds now
Be singing in L.A. in October! Details to come!! Hope to meet my L.A. Twitter & L.A. friends there!!!!
He's a boy that doesn't know what's in front of him, and I'm a girl who doesn't know how to let go.
Im jelly.
Awesome holiday party !
"The Greenland Effect" a little sun warmth & a bit if snow melt and WHOOSH the snow crashes from the roof. Like the glaciers
Interesting indeed! Though I think simply rebuilding ME in the footprint of infrastrctr circa 1920 would serve same need!
Fuck legalizing weed, it only helps those who have money. If you can't afford a light or to pay 60 bucks an your ducked even w/ a script
its okay i don't want to either.
Please let it be me lol
ill shit on u if ur rusty or not
- the best! Try them. You'll like them. The chocolate peanut butter one! OMG! Yummy! Tell Brendan Balance Lady sent you!
I'm blaming it on the fact that I'm colorblind.
“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.” ~ Nelson Mandela
I love mine!! It's so nice! I've had it since Verizon got it.
I'm gunna go deaf, I blast my head phones to the max.
HEY HOMIE.HIT ME OR DM WHEN U GET A SEC
We can create any type of the Zoho CRM Quote, Invoice, and Sales Order Template as customers need.
You can take me to see the Avengers if you really want something to do :)
Guess who's back.
Strikes me that the iPad 3 retina screen just made visual designers even more important.
I wasn't try to be mean to you but mike said he would replace us if we didn't get our service times up. So we are all on edge...
Y'all bogus !!!
I need a Fake ID.Seriously.
New mission. The party is a myth
Rhodes Battles the Legend of Booker T
“: I just finished watching a Muslim-gangster film. It was called 'Scarfface'.” okay I won't. :(
lol. Yeah, Matt just canceled hacks and hackers
Tonight was magical! Great audience and good times! Thank you for supporting Jewrican Cocktail ;-)
StumbleUpon for the iPad? Oh my! Hello procrastinating slacker inside of me, I thought I recognized you!
when will you finally notice me!
OMG Let's go for our BDays. I am 100% set on this idea!! #allstar sing off!
Living in Paris for 3 months wasn't nearly long enough. Til the day I live there again at least for now I live there in my dreams
Happy Valentines Day Everyone!
Getting manure, fish emulsion, and multiplying onions today. YAY gardening!! Don't have room to garden? Ask me. I bet you do!!
Lol!!!!! RT he wanna hit it from the back while i eat a big mac
Film producers: make a movie about the 369th Regiment, their jazz band, and the victory parade of February 17, 1919. You'll make a killing.
CENTER STAGE OPEN MIC COMPETITION LIVE @ RED KIVA - April 15th and 22nd Any genre welcome!smoothjazzentertainment.net
Hotel breakfasts are the trifecta of fat, sugar, and salmonella.
As it happens, I'm just leaving a meeting at 24/M right now...
Its Secret Stall Tuesday@ Sonic #Baltimore =free combo meal when u park in lucky stall>Hints 2 be given>Secret Stall is in stall 1,2,3,4or 5
Music to our ears! RT : I'll be in NOLA this afternoon! Campus visit tomorrow! The anticipation is killing me :-)
I really appreciate everything bro thank you
So, should I do #ff's or should I just get to work?
I'm sorry, It's just that my graphic designer came up with exactly what I needed for the site, so I told him to make more.
Some people wait too long despite the urging of the Holy Spirit and Chocolate cookies.
Lakers/Thunder: A-Z Preview
being alone for too long is not good for me, i think way too much.
you got it, with garlic cann bread, Yummy
which leads me to wonder about the exclusionary potential of
Please follow my original account >>> ill follow u back.
I wish that was true. Now I'm depressed.
just announced: Robin Pluer's nephew Zachary of will be joining her on stage for a song or two at Turner Hall tomorrow!
It was the local news after the game. No ABC post game unfortunately.
Just retweeted the same thing twice and it won't let me delete one:(
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities. ~ Aldous Huxley
well we're glad we could help you out :)
Sorry guys but I've been thinking im going to delete this page Im not really into Austin Now.
when you coming to Chicago again?
you boys need to calm it down :P
Football might not be around in 20 years
Angie's dad was feeding me..
And prob the most 3 pointers he's ever had in a game. “: NOW Rondo is out... 34 minutes... 20 points, 16 assists and 3 rebounds.”
All really good writing has to start with deep thinking. Any young writer who reads that Sheinin feature on Harper should contemplate that.
Use coupon code 201NOW at chainstoreguide.com and save $201 off any purchase
he'a a bitch. I'll fight him
Free breakfast at chick-fil-a haha i love it <3
happy to chat about our WWI Centenary project :)
Thanks for checking in Allison! Are you having a good time with us?
Gunna destroy respiratory today!
come on need more ppl to like
I have too pee
Send me a Sins shirt to rock in front of 13000 kids at PXY Summer Jam, El Diablo.
ON TO THE NEXT ONE :) RANGERS
looks like a perfect ass in a thong
Pictures of me...and other stuff from my friend's computer. Fortunately no top secret documents I'm meant to hide and he is still alive.
thanks for following :)
Trying to get 40 followers by next wednesday! Please help and F O L L O W!!
MT Shout out to #Bangor; my home town! Go Will. ": Happy New Year! Playing table tennis in Bangor on Tues."
At the gym
loving the new avi.
Workout and viewing of the Avengers is complete. I appreciated the LOTR reference.
You already know, that was some Bruce Lee Shit!!!
that one's at my parents house!
Happy birthday me (:
please DM acct# or phone+zip. i'll check things out for you
It's so beautiful outside!! I want to be in the sun so badly!!!!! :(
2 tickets to first who replies: Chocolate Farmer (East Coast Premiere),Trocadero Theater, April 24 at 7PM. Part of the Phila Science Fest.
Don't envy other's success! You have no idea what past hardships or present struggles they've had to endure to get there.
Dear Twitter, Who can give me a reference to Haptic Interfaces from Popular SciFi Literature?
Need to dig in and get this script done. (Won't happen today, about 30 pages to go, but maybe this weekend or early next week)
ur the expert. Won't tools to limit exposure will also reenforce "opportunity gap" for small investors and entrepreneurs? Tradeoffs!
If you could lure to Baltimore I'd be grateful.
you media streamers and your booze!! so precious and so dangerous! ;-)
Where did the money go?
I like Phil Alvarez's RBI per Hit ratio...but he only has 4 hits.
#Boston Neighborhood Network's doc "My Summer In The City" Directed by Jonathan Rizzo was accepted to the #BostonInternationalFilmFestival!!
I'm drawing a protective circle around your birds as I type this -- and you too If you do run home.
Wine makes funerals tolerable. Please serve tequila & scotch at mine.
to grab a club outfit
About to play scene it.
oh! Haha but I don't ever see you at school ! Lol
gotta love when u get an epiphany!!
morning, mom!
Let's Network a Bit-- RT this for a week full of shoutouts:
WOO WOO WOO! YOU KNOW IT!
No more Mr. Nice Guy
My attitude today is much like a Limp Bizkit song. Shitty.
Either twitter search sucks right now or the #sbads hashtag is useless. >100 tweets for #makeitplatinum & 1 is from
workn on wat the videos that get ppl so hot n heavy lol
#blogchat Ouch - you are on a roll tonight!
Me, at an emergency potty break: Squeeze your cheeks together, you can make it! JT, scrunching face tightly: Why am I squeezing my cheeks?!
I voted for you.
What to watch...the PGA Masters or Peppa Pig?? Of course that's a no-brainer!!
Would like to rewrite codes and make my #Mac app to be compatible with the #newiPad. Good idea? :-)
Congrats! Will you offer any vegan options, perchance?
"Some people are only funny when they try to be serious." -Nassim Nicholas Taleb from "The Bed of Procrustes"
i'm sick & what about you?
but dem king sized zig zags wit the orange package they in, those last almost as long as blunts, ima have to try dem king raws
Life insurance... It's for the living! 303-922-1001
Would u agree that Semin needs to pick it up to his potential?
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass... It's about learning how to dance in the rain. - Vivian Greene
do you wear socks while you're sleeping? #askSarah :)))
Just watched a new good luck Charlie :)
Yes,we serve plenty of vino at my cooking classes!
Time to go and swim in the ocean.
sounds like you struck a nerd chord (is that in the key of C# perhaps?) with the DevOps talk; nice work!
Rox going to score in double digits and win for Keli tonight! Go Rox!
H is going on a music tour february 10,2012 hope to see you @ the shows thanks YoBoy-H
golic just left for the pepto
at least Chelios no longer plays so we don't have to hear "Chris Chelios is 46" from Doc every 4 seconds.
About to fill my august calendar up!
. I saw the 'Net version of a "High Five" today, for the first time: ^5 ...
Summer Reading......#notfun :/
Days like today are what I live for in New Orleans. Gorgeous weather, people everywhere, parades gating ready to roll! It's a good day, NOLA
When's the next one?
laughed too hard at title alone, didn't even get to the article yet
wonders why the smell of Black chicks puts David Bowie's spine out of place. And what does that say about his wife?
I like that name. Soomo. I want to keep saying it. Soomo. Soooooomo.
Headed out on a Sunday afternoon bike ride w/ my handsome husband. First we have to find the bike lock keys.
Don't forget to attend the 198 Band performance tonight at St. Pete's History Museum.
HeHeHe! I'm going to have to borrow your "us ordinary mortals", can come in handy for any occasion!
Sometimes it feels like my 7 year old thinks more clearly that 85% of adults that I encounter.
Eve, change your avi. A duckface is NOT professional.
Hope all this rain stops before I get out of work in a few hours. Normal traffic is bad enough. Add rain and chaos happens.
Jacques was a good man
Time to call it a night. "It's a night." ;) Hope yours is a good one!
feeling #wrathful?
thanks for the shoutout!
I think ud like Portland, we have the best fans in the league hands down, ur from the PNW, Aldridge wants u, tha Rose needs you!
“: Y.O.F.O You Only Famous Online. Don't get besides yourself and think that you're ballin' with followers now -_-”
Yeah. Trust me Hoai, I rather have an older dude.
and i thought he started the SOTU witt "dunh duh"
Happy B-day Little Brother! I love you so much, I have so many good times w/ you, looking forward to more! <3
They're trying to get O.J. out of jail?!
that's awesome!!! I'm a second year now..ha.. I gotta update my profile
Time for spin class!!!
No kidding. How propaganda will spin it. RT North Korea is now 0-3 in rocket tests. Or, as they say in Pyongyang, "flawless."
Read Atlas Shrugged three times. Movie excellent, better than expected.
Bob Fellmeth, CAI Executive Director, begins press conference for release of “State Secrecy & Child Deaths in the US” report, 2nd ed.
I just got a curtesy laugh from my 1 yr old. I'm on fire.
GGRRR! *ahem* ... I mean, have splendiferous day!
YES!!! Christams vacation is almost here! :)
If you haven't already, go see Moon, The Hurt Locker, District 9 and Inglourious Basterds. You'll thank me.
I can't believe you're a Rangers fan, talk about leaving at bad taste in your mouth...
Due to the demand for tweet fodder nowadays it's necessary to clarify, "porn, the kind with lots of fucking in it"
he spent more time describing how to prepare the crap than on why it's good for you. That's when you know it sucks...
I never get your text. Do u have my new #?
I love covering sports but man some ppl are just crazy
the pic just looks very staged w/the wrench and everything but you definitely don't have to hide in a hole.
Slowly but for surely I&#39;ll b there.....
- make sure to stop in to Massage Envy for the best professional massage or facials.
Basketball all day all night
Oh trust me, I know. jk Anyways good luck with the love life. It's a pain in the dick.
#PTSD and #TBI are lumped together. They are treated very differently, but there is some overlap.
Thanks for the FF! Have a good weekend
A.B.N. Always Be Networking: smile, eye contact, say hello, break the ice, small talk, at your kid's sports, air terminal, line at the bank
James have you read the Research of D. Otto Warberg circa 1931 Cancer research.
I will never understand why tv spies/cops/agents don't just shoot the escaping criminal IN THE LEG. Not dead, but can't run.
Hey Thanks for the follow! Cooking up anything good today?
I'm looking around but I don't see you. Can you give a wave?
Can everyone follow she's super sweet and she's T-Moneys cousin, I promise its worth it :)
In and out in and out in and out Haha
Because Perez Hilton IS a monkey!
would you have any interest in getting your cell phone service for free ? emiliemanagement.mylightyear.com
Yes, Bron Bron missed two big FTs - but Wade was all over the place in that last minute. Needed a breather. #IsHeOld?
Watching the movie (players) on smart phone bb ....... Like the song ho gayi tun !!
best of luck to you!
try 500 bro
Happy New Year Boo! :)
Love this on this snowy morning: "Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity." H. Jackson Brown. Now out for a run!
Yeah you got cocky -_-
Absolutely exhausted.
A1: there used to be 5-10 kinds of "widgets," now there are entire supermarket aisles dedicated to them
watching people eat fascinates me, especially in foreign countries....
is this working?
Mine was perhaps past prime and had more than its fair share of bitterness. I found it interesting, though.
If genomes were sequencing genomes sooner, pharmacogenomics would be natural.
(AP) - Legendary race driver and Shelby Cobra sports car designer Carroll Shelby has died at age 89.
with to go pick up Brandon Rhodes and Lizeth something . lol.
oops I packed all my clothes and now I have nothing to wear.
So... what's up Tweeters!? Whats new... anyone got any special plans for this upcoming July 4th weekend!!!??
So... yeah. Long time, no tweet. I promise that I haven't fallen off of the face of the planet, but family comes first!
im not really on twitter every day
SLUT! I bet you were BORN naked. !
Have you ever changed a whole text message just because you didn't know how to spell one word? You did? TAKE YO ASS BACK TO SCHOOL!
why cant i just give life the middle finger and go live on the beach for the rest of my life.
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Ben & Jerry's - Dessert (live updates)
The only places I sweat are my feet and hands. Because of this, my shoes smell like something died in them.
Technical Communication author Paul Anderson will host 1:30 PM workshop on obtaining external grant funding for your research
Currently shredding it up at #SXSW with a huge interactive wrapped bus. Austin is cool for some rockin'
That's a GREAT question. Eager to see the replies.
I don't get the keep calm and carry on statuses
yes please!
Haha, I know. I just see Twitter as just a place to put Facebook statuses haha.
Who is having a great year already? Who is struggling? We want to pray for you.
The care and maintenance of your ring will be much less if you choose titanium
Excited to preach "Shaken by The Spirit" for tonight at
I'm figuring you fell asleep. If you happen to wake up in the middle of the night text me. Thx.
Hey ya'll. we are temporarily closed because of a gas leak. Yikes. Will reopen at 4pm today. Sorry inconvenience.
I hate that new twitter bolds people's real names and not their handles. I don't know people by their real names!
March madness
Too many people spend money they haven’t earned, to buy things they don’t want, to impress people they don’t like
we did beat them once this season
thanks for the follow and for all your great work!
Hee hee! RT : MOl! No wonder I cant hear music.. dang sound is turned off .. Pfft
Teen mom 2 :)
My phone works again, yaaaaay!!!!
#HeatNation gets so quiet when they're losing
Wouldn’t it be so much easier to #planyourwedding if you could guarantee weather this fabulous?
How warm? Coming from Atlanta, hoping for a nice temperature change
Just seen a grown man cry cuase he pooped his shoulder
My first pet was a cactus.
One attains what one seeks in life. Those who pursue the world gain the world. And those who seek the Self shall attain the Self.
Obama says he is going "try to accomodate" concerns about his religious oppression. How condescending.
i would follow but thats another aspect of my life that i don't want it in
“: Regional 3-point Contest with .....”do your thing.
Coming back to Florida anytime soon? The Sunshine State misses you! :]
RT : #quote via : What is called genius is the abundance of life and health. Henry David Thoreau
Love the commercials on during
No doubt he misses STL, mostly due to his family.
who's leaving
Sporting KC players and Trent Green are just up the street signing autographs. Just might stop by.
That's good! && I hope I can go, lol. That's cool(:
hell yeah! May the force be with you.
Thank you for the follow. Looking forward to get to know you more.
Watching #glee now, Blaine's brother is HOT!!
Public Citizen on Obama scheduling Gulf lease sale: "It won’t lower oil or gas prices, and it puts taxpayers on the hook for accidents."
Ima bout to tell my bf ;wanna be friends and school to fuck off
thanks boo
The Writers' Radio Resource seeks to be a valuable source of information and motivation for aspiring writers around the globe.
- Just finished my lessons- pretty good day. Glad u r enjoying yours. Bonne nuit.
toured the new and "green" Perry Hall branch of the Baltimore County Public Library today.
after having worked w/her daughter on speech & language developmt throughout her life. So lucky to be in a field where ppl shed happy tears!
Find out how to get a free 25% percent off today! pic.twitter.com/8Iegpz6E
Recording 'unconvincing erotic' sex noises for a play is a strange prospect...
How is beating the Lakers beating "the best"? They ain't the best!
The hole in my tights is cutting off circulation in my big toe. Hurry up, summer! Hurry!
but at the same time, the public is gonna tear him (or anyone) today for trying to rag on a racial story that should even mattr
Bachelor - a perfect product placement last night with the girls in a private screening of Titanic 3D.
Have you ever asked a painter what brand of paint they use? Try it. It says a lot about the quality of the painter. The best use the best.
how will budgeting be different this year?
The worse it gets out there, the fewer anti-union a-holes pipe up on this channel. More than ever before: it's time to organize!
It's not exactly a "monday funday" if you're drinking red wine alone and crying
Happy Holidays my Dear Dear friends......!!
Branding yourself is important for online and offline business, and marketing because you want to build relationships with people.
Who comes out from flipping brgrs in a suit?
COME ON BROXTON!!
Just kidding! I'm on the season 2 finale of htmiia. But Greg was great!
If you don't like the story you keep telling yourself, divorce it. Create a new story that will benefit you. Love it!
What's all this about a SHOOTING RANGE?
Forget the #Patriots, any chance the #Bruins can sign Mario Williams to play defense?
Working on vdn and interface issues for clients in CA, NY, WV, and WA today.
Awesome! RT : Great game. Thanks for the tickets. Even made it on TV after the game...
battery is
Evid calling out at fundraising events works... now that i know this, the possibilities are endless.
Some people do dumb shit to try to be cool. well guess what your not cool your just a dumb ass
On set for 'Static' with - Love love love this brilliant cast! :)
Glad you didn't - and glad you have made it to a better place.
Congrats - you will be seeing TONIGHT ! You'll receive a DM soon. And good luck w/ finals!
make sure dat shit is purple right before you pour it
So tired
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that things are difficult. -Seneca
ya I was taking about Kobe
Totally agree and am doing just that, friend! :)))
It's been so long since I've tweeted on Twitter that I am going through serious Twitter withdrawals.
Finally able to watch Hulu and Amazon on my appletv thanks to and XBMC!
aw thanks bro! i'll do anything for my boys! still workin on getting u some new stuff
BUSY...HOW BOUT URSELFFF
what's goody? I will be home later. Call me.
look up... #stars in the sky
Ahh How about a salad and a calzone or a nice hoagie?
The Office > human sexuality paper
Let's go UNC!! #Tar Heels
packing for my trip to 'Nawlins!
suck my cockiness...lick my persuasion
I just had a great training this morning on article marketing. And it was free! Ask me how you can receive this same training.
! (: Thanks you are really a fan of bella ! <3 love U !
If I were commissioner I'd make it where any sort of complaint at all about a call (verbal or nonverbal) = instant T
TAKE CHARGE OF YOUR HEALTH! Oral Health affects overall health. Get the best oral care SYSTEM: Paste & Rinse work Together: www.closys.com
Got asked out three times this week.
A good mentor can start you off on, steer you or help you find your journey. INVALUABLE! Mine is
Figuring out this retweeting thang. I wonder what the score in the Eagles/Cardinals is.
one hell of a show last night in Dallas man! Hope to see you back in Dallas soon. Peace!
I text people to say that im outside their house instead of knocking.
i hope you speak English because you are beautiful
I think the Big Bucket next door is open late (or all night?). I'm going to see about getting a foot/reflexology massage.
Omg Yess You'll Be The Only One =*
sorry about that!
Seattle has so much to look forward to for 2012/2013.
Nice! Very excited
how did you do tht if you get him to follow me it would mean the world to me!<3<3
~Tony Melillo, designer
Oh, it's started! 7 packages and 1 envelope! It's like Christmas!
There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself, hire someone, or forbid your kids to do it.
Time for a short break before the next session of concurrent presentations.
San Diego, you stay awesome!
Stoked for and Bright futures ahead. Go buy their albums on
#Devils that's all.
who did they get for odom?
this guy dropped off 4 kitties and if no one took them they would get sent to the pound so if anyone wants a kitty they are free!!
is a judge on the X Factor now? Definitely gonna start watching it.
Memories? Shit! I got my first boner watching girls on AB. I told him that once and he laughed. Keep Rockin man
I like cheese
s/o tu lil fake ass aint heard from u n a while
- I owe an O'Doul's too
Would have liked to hear more about instructional design from the first speaker in this panel. That the tools exist isn't enough info
lol I've been looking for someone like you for a LONG time! :D
Choose to purchase a Choosey Chicks gift certificate for that Choosey Girl in you life this holiday season..www.chooseychicks.com
Send our great friend your love!!!
Thanks! Hope you get to try it out soon!
fuck me, you don't get much hotter than that!
how they treating you out there maam? This is my first tweet to the world...well to you ahahahah
Here's some quick reactions on draft while I have a minute: Travis Benjamin = meh. Fast but there were better wr options imo.
first I have heard
Divine's clinic Promo <U+FFFC>:Try our best Whitening Serum plus Whitening peel off mask only 150 K.Info:021 31908203,3922021,087880536758.Sorry BM
at the end of Q1 Bakersfield leads Dakota 33-23.. Great ball movement as 7 Jam players have 4 or more points
you can dm us for the number? Lol idk
Lil' Bow Wow is now Bow Wow, Lil' Romeo is now Romeo, when is Lil' Wayne gonna grow up?
can you play "Want U Back" by Cher Lloyd?
excited for the #creativeconnectionSD event tonight! ps-ladies, bring some luck with you for some fun giveaways!
Can't wait to do some liveblogging!! : use hashtag #tedxclt for this year's Dream Makers & Risk Takers October 15
Prosser: #Jaguars franchise could not survive Gene Smith passing on Blackmon if he's available at #7 Huh??
The pull out method, it's all about confidence. Compliments of Matt Stankiewicz
I'm coming to the tour!! Just to see you, hopefully you come out after to sign autographs :) Uniondale, Long Island
Damn how this happen its like a complete turn around
The Lakers looking kind of big out there
Awesome, 17 tracks for free!? Put 'em on the shelf and I'll buy 'em. Definitely spreading the reasons for you, all six of 'em!
Paco bought a Honda?
#NYUgarage event with & certainly is packed.
Thank you do much. Great review.., Love it!
will u plz follow me
badass places dude!
lol okay then :P
Bruh has marion always started graduation this early?
I loved reading in Minneapolis. Ian and Euan Kerr thanks for the care you put into your interviews. It was a pleasure.
did good on the voice I love that kid and his 'SWAGGIE' I love that but #TeamBieber and
Such a rainy, sleepy, lazy day...
follow back and
House debating texting bill. Holmes wants equal enforcement - no profiling
If they keep playing like they have over the last two weeks, there will be a lot more people talking about them.
I hope we get a good dousing like the south has had the last couple days...we'll need some good luck! :-)
Not really feelin school today…
ALL IN! Think we will get Boss and Smith back?Glad Hixon,Thomas and Tryon signed.
is hot. That's all there is to it
Things that were confirmed last night: I am Still tone deaf and suck at karaoke!
Broadway previews begin tonight for !
Nick Gillam and Austin Day sliding into him
Lust @ 1st site..
yep up to date... Now if monkey survey doesn't like chrome that's a different thing....
#Dbacks lineup not the same without Upton, Young in it: Bloomquist, Hill, Kubel, Montero, Roberts, Overbay, Pollack, Parra, Hudson.
nice suckable lips u have
Nice one!
I enjoyed it a lot, but the handful of times I used it didn't justify. I'm more than happy with the pic quality of the 4S.
Opened my eyes, it was only just a dream <U+266B><U+266A>
So 's simsimi, Dylan, is freakin super nice to her and mine,Liam, is just mean to me! Mines just rude!
So precious! :-)
Did I miss anything exciting today?
I just RSVP'd as a MAYBE. I'm cranking away here at work. If I finish early, I'll try and make it! Thanks K!
thanks for brightening the corners of my Monday.
Thanks for letting me know.
You're very welcome!<U+2665>
this is the day that the lord his made. i will rejoice and be gladd in it.
dang twitter is 100 thousand times better then facebook :)
I was thinking those that have had their 15 minutes of fame already. Except you, of course. :)
It's good to know that my best friend will laugh at me when I perform tomorrow q
#BackInElementarySchool i smashed all da cookies
Heavy chest workout today. Isolated upper pecs. 45 second breaks with isolated movements focusing on pump and exhaustion.
Locker rooms are so boring. That is why I tweet.
": yes it is! And u ain't respond to me Missy"Lmao oops when u coming next game Wednesday
Don't forget to stop in tomorrow uptown for free NuFace demos!
Prepare for the worst, pray for the best. Is that how it goes?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!!!!!! finally its my birthday
come back soon
West Louisville has a derby feel to it. Very electric.
i put #chariesheen into tweetdeck. i think i had a minor seizure.
This new PEL grant thing is a bit shitty.. just sayin..
Maybe that's what causes dreams....closed eyes & an open mind. Yeah it was pretty obvious.
Every evening write a plan for the next day, listing your daily things to do. It is important that you actually write your tasks.
Summer goals: Internship, direct+product two shows.
Ziplining on Freemont street is amazing!!! Gotta do again
I dunno :O
what does it mean....I being hacked and my page is being covered by embedded programing
Congrats babe on the new job
#Oomf moms a FREAK
Is it wrong that I wish Rob Gronkowski spoke like a caveman?
if u following me...and I fart do u smell it?
Welcome to my new followers! I have been remiss in acknowledging you.
We should make a cereal
You could say that about most things in schools.
Good luck chica!!!!
Kobe is the only player in the NBA that gets compared to Michael Jordan
"If I don't have a girl on each leg, what am I doing?" -
this would be the time to call upon all the knowledge gained by playing far cry 2.
Really? Omg. A soldier. Someone defending all their lives.
Cause I could find a man and not a boy. Yes you'll soon see what you're missing. Did you get what you came for? Yeah, you're a heartbreaker.
tap cards take most of your money :( lol . Those bitches.
very sorry to hear about the migraine, hope you have an effective way of treating them, I know how difficult that can be.
uhh yeah friends... I ill follow you.
Brooks Laich is a beast. He should be wearing the "C".
The act of determining legitimacy is critical to any authorty
Are there any yelp/angieslist type resources out there for renters? Specifically to write reviews about lame landlords?
The kid next to me just downed 2 energy drinks, pretty gross.
70 pets have been adopted in our 24/7 Adoption Event. Stop by after work and find a new best friend... help us make it to 100 tonight!
your welcome dear meant it from the heart!
#Only #Austin #Can #Make #Hashtags #Look #Cool!(;
" Intelligence Wins Over Ignorance All The Time. "
": Morning folks!!!"<=morning baby
Went to workout today & lost 5 lbs since Monday's workout. Must be dehydrated from the unusually hot weather. How do people gain weight?
Glad you liked the photo! She does look proud, doesn't she? I'm just loving observing her but it's heck on my productivity.
You had me at Neese's. Can't wait to see the new menu!
Hi Luka's mom. Can I have your contact information, I would like to discuss Luka's singing career.
I SEE BIG THINGS 4 U IN THE FUTURE..BACK TO THE TOP..SQUIRRELS ARE WISE..WE SEE THANGS UP HIGH IN DA TREE..UM, HMM...T/F/S..
Aren't you going to be here for the wedding?
is dad coming from sf today?
If I stay in this house any longer. . . I am going to eat up everything in here !
Shake off the blahs and hop in your cahs and come see us in Scottsville. We'll make you smile. I'm smiling just saying so.
We still have plenty of bikes! Stop by to pick one up! We special order as well!
i haven't been to the village in 20+ years, need to go there again too. but that museum....sigh. just thinking about it. :)
A trip to the ATL would not be complete without grits. Guess what we are having for dinner? ;)
Once upon a design ...
Back dcommutes rotation of two commuter mugs.
Well, rising as much as it can!!!
ugh, def needed something sweet & closed over an hour early tonight!!! THANK GOD for !!
Happy Friday. Make this weekend great. Plan time to get off the sofa and into a workout routine BEFORE the football games start.
LOLL this guy legit came in here to ask a chick to slap him as hard as she could for some experiment LOLL.
"this better be pretty freakin important, is the meadow on fire?"
omg funny you say that. i'm actually getting Chipotle for dinner tomorrow. the image has been in my head far too long.
This is stupid. We've sunk to their level
Buckeyes need to step up their game bad shot selections lack of fluidity on offense/defensive end.this gm could slip away quick
or to eat pizza at the Sink... or to smell the fish guts on the Norlin Quad... or to enjoy the leftovers of
Is the number of retweets going to be lower on April Fools (don't want to naively retweet a prank) or higher (humor value)?
ops. Did you see the latest tweet.
Good night world. Tomorrow's a new day, new adventure.
about 2 eat dinner <U+E409>
Ellison's story is one of my favs, but for style, not world creation; hard to think Niccol "stole" the idea.
I didn't get a call from tonight :(
And since I have a 6:45 a.m. shift tomorrow, that's a wrap for me. G'night, folks!
Somewhere, someone needs a reason to believe. Don't let your fire for #God burn out!
Some girls need to chill with their boy obsessions.
An trip to Wembley to beat Merseyside rivals Liverpool in the FA Cup Semi-Finals? Worth the 4:30AM wake up call.
Had such a great weekend off, seeing everyone! Back on that grind.
Every time you "LOL" to your own joke, especially when it isn't funny, a kitten dies somewhere! FYI
omg I love the beastie boys!
thank you so much! This made my day, truly. Sorry I have been away from twitterverse till now. Very sweet of you to tweet!
Usher Raymond is so fuc*ing sexii <U+263A>
Hatley Branch Library Book Club meets on Tuesday May 8th at 2pm. Reading "Little Bee" by Chris Cleave. Coffee & Dessert after discussion.
your gonna say "papers fly up in the air" ? Hahaa ;) *bell rings * *papers fly up in the air* bahaha jk I understood what you were
that day will come soon for both of us :) 2 special EliTes
Congrats to and the for advancing to Round 2. Keep it rolling!
Thanks for the retweet :) Everyone who reads this, follow this girl ! :)
Fuck me in the...now my heart is sunk
what;s june Ninfe?
send a cd to: Sunset Island Music 1348 Fruitville Road, Suite 302 Sarasota, FL 34236
M brought me Los Cuates!I have no reason to live without a Kickin BAND!!!!!!Bummed.
Thanks to the lovely ladies of for coming in for industry night. I am looking forward to trying their ceviche very soon!
HAHA. No but it's SO LOUD. It even scared the cats.
Nope--trying to stick with airplane mode & wi-fi only. Seeing the lack of Internet access, that may have been a mistake.
One issue will almost certainly be continuous updates made to the ODNB.
Word on the streets is that is the secret hideaway bar for Reds players. . .
survival of the fittest sick person- in olden days.
#HappySaturday all, gotta get off my butt and go shopping, actually have something to do tonight!
Fat people running... #giggle :)
Hates getting behind old people while driving...
Escondido man hit by drunk driver in his own backyard has compound fracture to leg and broken bones in face (but in "fair" condition)
Enjoy the journey! RT : Listening to the Brian Blade Fellowship gets me in a mood to take a road trip.
- Specialize in marble cleaning, polishing, repairing, restoration, honing, sealing, stain removal, crystallization and more.
I have some saxophonists who have issues playing staccatos in our jazz funk chart. They aren't fat enough. Any suggestions?
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. ~Anne Frank~
HAPPY HOUR IS ON NOW FOLKS!! Time for a hump day cocktail!
Why are you so beautiful ?
Sitting here thinking about all the things I'll never experience. Like, I'll never know what it feels like to wear a pair of Wranglers.
love u 2
safe travels yo
i put my tv on pause before i left three hours ago. & it's still right where i left it. yes !
Watching professors get bombarded by hopeful future grad students. I hope to be pestered like that some day.
Bout to fire it up here at west Canada, let's get this ORM party started!
Its official. We are moving to Thank you.
hahaha happy to entertain you:)
In class again, just got done with the part 1 of my life science test :) thanks to my biology teacher from Valley, i still remember shit
After a little snow on Saturday, we had a great #Reno day for practice today. 5 different HS & Colleges staffs in attendance for Practice 4.
Will finish Adrian McKinty's LIGHTHOUSE LAND today & start TO SAY NOTHING OF THE DOG by Connie Willis
We've officaly kicked off the North Coast Brewing Co. Night! Head on down to the corner of 13th & Vine to try 7 different NCBC Beers on tap!
Movies with the babe and the roomie :-)
Hey check out she is a few followers away from having 2500
Army PT shirt + Basketball shorts = True Comfort
Uniform day tomorrow in JROTC the one day my grades actually benefit from me having that Swagg nobody else does.
haha. One of my fave sayings is shut up and put it in your mouth.
": #MentionTo someone who knows you better than you know yourself." you're my girl, love you!
love the Go Mobile TV app for my room TV. Great use of QR.
thank you so much for the follow and the extremely kind words on our class blog(&reminds me, I need to clean that up b4 sept!)
Has pinterest been a good tool for you? Seeking advice from the greatest :)
I love a good Stossel show! RT show this wk (9pm EST), talks about how Hollywood gets capitalism wrong.
Good day. I have your strings on nearly all of my Warwick and Spector basses & Funkmasters on my Fenders. Best strings ever!!
I am trying to figure out what to do today go to tally lake or have a bbq with family
you are so cute! i love you! :)
RT : Ooh, X-Factor. Where the music industry takes two prime time TV slots a weekend to advertise its artistic bankruptcy.
is amazing:)
Aaaargh. Bastardo! Wait. Belt belts it.
Apologies for the silence - it's been just shy of nightmarishly busy, and I haven't been able to do #NaNoWriMo at all *grr*
Yep, got my eating clothes on. Love that they put spandex in skinny jeans now. Going to chow myself stupid today!
It was, huh? ;) RT Today I went for a swim in the Charles, it was wonderful!
- I Love And ,You My Inspiration!!MUCH LOVE.
hey guys, I can't help that I have a very wide vocal range....
You're not cute.
Hello Feryl, we are looking for a Mrs. Iowa delegate to compete at our Natl. pageant in Orlando in June!
How can you possibly force me to pick between my boyfriend and my family?
I think it was a language thing.
what's up Sandra..I see you..LoL
kickstart my Heart is my fav. The lyrics and that groove, its just awesome.
Two words: "It burns!"
If you won't say it in the streets, don't say it in your tweets.
Congrats! Keep on going because you teach me a lot!
They just haven't shown up today. As mentioned, they could have still snuck into the top 4 but now it's munich or bust
totes - that guy's the boss!
Can't debate ideologues or religious fundies. *sigh*
at the barbershop gettin lined up before I fly out to #denvermarch to livestream the #powwow on
hey I'm upset so you should try to make me laugh a lot during your stickam okay
road to utopia? (:
Petition to get off Twitter #stopCole ;-)
Star Trek themed pub quiz kicks off at 7pm sharp. Be here or be <U+2752>
doing Whitney proud on right now. Damn. Crazy improvement in vocals & confidence in this girl since day 1
<3. Of course we are. Will you be able to go?
Pearon's e-textbooks approach: anytime/anywhere (web, mobile, integrated with LMS)
The Wanted If you could collaborate with anyone who would it be?? #t4starslive PS: I love you!
ima let GOD handle it
Alex Fry, semi-finalist and freshman at Point Park University, loves Regina Spektor and thinks she's brilliant!
Jersey Shore all day bitches ! <3
What's behind the violence problem in Chicago? laying out the problem- and solutions- with right now.
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
Love the snow! Want to get together for ice cream, grilled cheese and scotch? Again. Soon? Miss you. xo
Chris so will you answer my question why you answer my random questions on fb and quit avioding this
your momma let you date, bby?
"Bring on all the pretenders. One day we will be remembered,"
Considering how long the patcher is taking I might have it ready by then lol:P~
#10FactsAboutMe I love cheesecake!
Fell smack down on my hip bone dancing today...fml i am going to be sore tomorrow, I just know it!
To the old bitch who I live with. If I fucked up tell me so I can fix what I did. Instead of trying to throw my shit away!!!
Yea that would be great!!
2nite: MangoMarinatedChickenFajitas Hand-pounded mango marinated w/peppers, onions, asparagus &pineapple & melted fiery pepper jack cheese.
Got up early to see this morning and excited learn some new tricks to impress my boss!
Tonight at , I'm celebrating my B-Day everybody free till 12 & we have giveaways all night W/ on the 1's &2's!!
at dinner with my family(: how about you ?(:
will do! text mee!
you are always too kind!
WHAT!? Where is Blake shelton?!?
TEAM EAST!
Schamp: We have to make decisions in this district before we know our budget at all.
OMG it will be like a real spa experience! You are so clever!
etch daz time on the sides of your head to prove dedication. Otherwise you're just playing kiddie games.
N HOW IS THAT DM ME
I read Time Magazine for the articles.
hieee and me :D
Morris or Torain if he's there. I don't like A Smith or K Williams at all
TGIF, Meetings meetings meetings today.
I'll get to you with my sched, but Sat is full... Talk soon!
I've never been in Twitter jail...
good question lol. I guess to keep the distance a little interesting. But wat u actually get out of it, no idea.
/ Very well said! It makes too much sense to resonate. Keep up the fight!
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
I'll be seeing you tomorrow then. cc:
thanks for the follow Jams!
Tip of year for all you self help gurus that give out advice so freely; "The day after tomorrow is the 2nd day for the rest of your life"
And well the #Blackhawks lost. womp
Just did my first insanity workout that shit crayyyyy!!!
will do, I don't have much money, but I'm learning that time is money.
Lol the Knicks are embarrassing the celtics and I love it
My grandmother was in very poor health and my last memories of her are from when she was healthy--so there's that.
Superfluous wealth can buy superfluities only.
#scgla That was an awkward transition at all, Patrick.
im not a paperdoll u can just fk around with love u man
Amarillo, Texas. Yep. thats where Im at. That means closer to Michigan :/
me: tell Prince I say hello Husney: sure
is DAT DUDE . MY dude . MY prom date . MINE .
"Dear Pearson, My kitty doesn't have sleeves either, but we don't eat her." - Anna, Pre-K
seriously man. They just blend in during the day.
I fell asleep halfway through. The fact that Ramirez went 4-for-4 w/ game-winner (his was bat being delivered), saved piece
glad I skipped it!
I thought it was gonna be your wedding video.
Aloha from Indiana! Your welcome.
...and i'm not aunt krit, I'm aunt Twit. lol I'm cool with it tho! thassss my baby
"That which you can't be with owns you" -Dwight Frindt
Happy Friday all
Excited to hang out with some smart folks at #IHSMDC tonight!
The state of Self-Realization is described as beyond the furthest limit that you can reach through your material equipments.
i did. Cross me and ill do it again.
haha no, thank you!
he'd probably say somebody needs to fix the truck.
The Easter bunny skipped my house this year.. #WheresMyCandy?
GETTIN READY TO FINISH UP DA REST OF VIDEO
Can someone explain why API designers love to create as many nested levels of data in their response format #antipattern should be AFlatAP.
welcome! It's a fun app to take pictures with :)
I see you taking a time though. It's like riding a bike. You never forgot. At least I hope not.
Sis, I think we need to take this convo to
why is the ocean salty?
re: Star Wars photos. I love the idea that at some point someone yelled, "we need more mattresses!"
Database Week - NoSQL, NewSQL, Hadoop &amp; Big Data Festival for Internet Week NY
we would be lost in the nation's capital without you! RT : Thanks for the shoutout!
And you can't set alerts on your phone?
Good morning luv!!!
Ah, I'm getting this!
That's the beautiful thing about baseball. No time clock, no holding the ball to kill time. Got 2 play all 9 innings!
#Love thanks for the support #TeamUET RT : have fun &amp; do good. If its a contest bring home the win
Charity is not only something we owe to society, but something that we owe to ourselves.
Please welcome ClubAmateurUSA to the Max life
Love YOU favorite boobie
Was that his first offense? or 4th? Love ever incite a riot? Ever been suspended for over 100 games..?
Teaching self to play dad's classic guitar
an image of my business card is in your email
Julie Taymor is a visionary director... except her visions are terrible.
Wondering the adverse affects of eating every day for work
hahaha omg thats so weird but funny!!!
If anyone ever accuses you of being racist just trump them by sharing your enthusiasm for McDonald's commercials.
Up next on : continues the debate on Ban College Football. Don't miss it!
Soo nice out this morning..
Watching the voice with
oh yes he was
i got you, thanks for watching the "Crew Love" cover. <3
MBS and Treasuries Pushing the Boundaries of Recent Ranges
Sometimes bad things in life open up your eyes to the good things you weren't paying attention to before.. Always be thankful.
Dude sittin next to me in class is musty as hell...its a two and a half hour class
the official Justin merch site. I don't know what it's called but if you type believe pre irretrievably it's like the first.
Bring1DToUS, hav them, cuz like, i defo dnt want them in this country and im sure the rest of my fello followers dnt:)
everyone wants to be like my nani(;
attire no. Hooters yes
--I thought he was your older brother?
thanks for doing this! (Bushnell Park is in Hartford, CT)
I didn't know they knew each other either. It's weird.
((( Like FREE ?, Sell any item free,, www.just-plug-in.com )))
National Champions!
Verizon Cuts $50 Off The Droid Xyboards On-Contract Price But They’re Still Too Expensive
Last night @ Universal City Walk, a street performer said to the crowd: "If you're not smiling, put it on your to-do list!" It stayed w/me.
Wind makes me bark like CRAZY! Yuck!
how about.... sexy time with Jon and chels haha
Unique RT "people with mild hay fever found that kissing with soft music in background for 30min...lower allergy symptoms"
#freshmanyeartaughtme don't skip class more than three times
And let me know if I can email you any tunage on me, B!
Sometimes those internationals just don't listen when you give them directions home
I don't wanna brag, but I'm tied with myself for first in the Red Key bracket thingie.
Sorry, this twitter doesnt get checked much. Please contact us thru email or phone 404-482-3641
my back is killing me so i guess thats a sign to take my black ass to bed huh?
Smell good. Be smooth. Be tan. Be strong. Six pack. Don't lose your hair. White teeth. Keep it hard. Big money baby!! $$$$
Someone is butthurt about a breakup. WOW. that came out of left field.
there's someone standing behind my porch hm I wonder who
He said we were done talking. & he text me? Tf!?
Usually like NFLN's top 10 show, but top 10 Uniforms. .really?
Why can't The Broncos keep Manning and Tebow?
Sleep is good
time to give him his dues...
Jealous of your snazzy blue pants. :)
Good for you, Josh Beckett. Everyone loves an underdog.
Wow! What a tremendous learning experience.
you're not serious.... :(
You know you're too busy when you revisit your to-do list and find you were too busy to even check off completed items.
the work I reference is from 1999! Am away from computer so no links.
Ugh I miss you..
5 blocks and closing.
Can I pretend to be between 12 and 22 and that I want to learn to kick better so I can attend? ;)
I miss Trader Joes! We're in Texas now and no Joes. I just had a TJ flashback and it was beautiful!
The Shins new album "Port of Morrow" is now available
I want my companion she helps me get through the days it's hard to mak it without her
& you can't see what the story is fundamentally about: Martin being killed. But good luck smearing Trayvon post-death
LOLOL GO WASH YOUR HAIR JENNA
liking the look of new though i want to color code my folders...
Patio, fence, yard. My (current) wish list for the house.
Love it. RT : How's my East coast #Gladiators enjoying the walk down memory lane? The inception of
Thanks for your RT. This home has been rented.
are you receptioning? Don't see you at the buses, want to make sure you didn't fall asleep...
welcome to the pack nation. we excited to see you play
is it possible for Blake Griffin to get the top play again from last night?
If anybody needs a good giggle, check out the 's feed.
I posted your crew number of my facebook and made people call it. because Yolo.
Just sitting here crying. I am so tired. :( I just want to rest. I dont matter anymore. why do i even try? :(
The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself
Watch Kimbriell Kelly today at Noon on WPWR talk to parents about Autism
So I miss just a couple days on Twitter, and it gets all Alex-centric. Rad.
Oh the getting ready "process". There needs 2 be a microwave speed machine..poof! make-up done...poof! hair done.
Need a professional voice-actor? Take your pick of professional, accredited Voice Over artists at savoa.org/members .
If i was at home id be stalking track stats right now
“: Alien life does exist, but only in 90s pop culture” #SwagLife Follow: &
Listen in to my show when you can! . I have done 50 SALSA shows in last year from the Bronx! Cuidate Bro!
I <U+2665> my daughter; I <U+2665> my boyfriend; I <U+2665> my family..but im not sure how much more i can handle
Not gonna lie, Don Rickles made me cry.
in celebration you should follow me :)
just having a #caseofthemondays but its on its way! Great news as well!
Lang Lang, Royal Albert Hall, review: Lang Lang was a great deal more considered and controlled than in his prev..
CAN'T WAIT FOR SATURDAY :) <3
i grew like an inch so really shut up in not that short -_- you're just standing to close lol
Many thanks to the participants and audience members at the final TILTS DH symposium. Super conversations, and lots of questions left.
Do you know what bliss is? It's walking into the house & seeing standing in the kitchen after he's been out of the country!
I wonder if BD will let me play volleyball if I stay next year.
Soriano on to close against his former team
I think I broke my wrist?
We have a new server ready - vpn-as4 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London UK. It's available in your customer area now.
Just saw the space shuttle enterprise fly by frm our roof it was so cool. Welcome to NY enterprise. #Tori #livereallivefearlessliveyou <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
LOVE IT! RT Overheard at the studio today: "I try to do something fun or nice everyday"
hahahaha this too funny bro I dying
": #BrittanyGriner is a straight up Baller! #sicembears" incredibly true
What is it with hipsters and owls? Enlighten me.
Yeah... give it 5 years and that title will be revoked.
check out dani shay
HotelASP Released a New Triple Play Hotel Software Service for Small Hotels. The Free Cloud Service Includes a Web ...
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00A2>
#TenFactsAboutMe 10) I won't judge you by the way you look, its the personality that counts
Let's hope DC United can get a win against Chicago. They could really use one.
Thanks! I am senging over info now!
Smell that? It's R.J.'s humidor in his study, opened only for #reynoldahearthside visitors.
Man my son Ibaka is gonna make lightwork of Ron
Had the Liars Fuego, one of dineLA spiciest dishes in Los Angeles, for dinner--yum!!!
I'd have to disagree and say that getting jiggy wit it by big willy style is a better party song than purple rain by prince
I'll watch later!
I think my next jersey will have to a Craig Adams jersey... Such a solid player
Eva: We havent come close to hitting the limit children can learn.
thanks baby i love you to!!!:*
Greg Via didn't get the jacket, no tie memo that the rest of the panel got. Conference fashion runs the gamut of full suits to jeans.
i should not be awake right now
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -Thomas A. Edison
I think an early-90s themed spaceship would suit you perfectly
ohh, unlimited times.. Does this work like a #ff? :-)
Oh yay! I'll try to find you. I can't wait for this one! :)
I feel a blessing on the way because God knows the devil is trying to stir things up. The devil is not welcomed here....
All in this game of love..
I've seen dre Kirk park in handicap spots more than handicapped people. Guy seriously takes up 2 handicap spots to park his car diagonally
well yea that's my name so
God Morning everyone!
Belly dancing brings out the shimmy in Shelby - Great Falls Tribune
hi nice to add u
I wish! But no:(...I was just going through pictures on my phone and used instagram to edit them. Lol
I'm guessing that means "Hurry up, please!"
-Runs around in circles cleaning- hi
: : Conversation is an exercise of the mind; gossip is merely an exercise of the tongue."
TONIGHT - NEW YEAR'S EVE BLACK & WHITE BALL at Lotus Nightclub!!! Doors open at 9PM. Arrive Early, this one's gonna be Poppin!!!
wow just heard #WesleyJohnson name on SportsCenter! go #Cuse!
I kept falling asleep at my desk, so I decided to go to bed. Now that I'm in bed, I'm wide awake. Grrr.
Professional Website Design $99.00 mo, what does your website say about your company? call 512 873-0447
: Can I know why I was "cut off" in the first place?
TWO more days and FINALS are OVER!
This meeting is cracking my brain!
ppl want to be surprised/upset that #jackiekennedy had opinions! she was a brave lady for all the ish she had to deal with.
lol will do!
Anyone coming to Boston for the marathon (who's NOT running) who wants to give Newton a hand (and a day)?
Bicycle secured! Not even L.A. potholes will stop me. , I'm ready for you!
For tickets? Sorry, don't understand that. My Jenkins jobs refresh SVN, restart servers, and initiate MXUnit tests
Dude... It is about about done! Time to have a party! May 12, mark it on your calendar... Graduation and party at the Rasp house!
the lady gave me this chunky bone that is making me grrrrrrrr - i want to eat it but it just lets me chew it, grrrrrrrrrrr
out Die ad you fall!!
You don't want to work ANYWHERE that requires you to fly cross-country on your own dime, Alex. I told Anita how I felt.
Very sad to be missing
Been waiting on that issue for a while Claire huh? :)
Northway Financial, Inc. Announces First Quarter Results
Next time I check your website to "cosponsor" bills, I expect to see HR 2885 - would help millions of unemployed Americans.
I be in the house“ I never got my lasagna!!! ;(”
I NEED FOLLOWERS RETWEET FOR SHOUTOUTS
Awesome! Hope I catch you guys there. I'll be bouncing all around.
Happy Birthday!!! (:
I think it's safe to say Tila Tequila is rooting for the Jets right now.
How does one go about their normal lives once they finish the hunger games books? I'm so bored damnit.
RT Always the cat remains a little beyond the limits we try to set for him in our blind folly. - Norton, Andre
Dang! I got that wine dinner on Wednesday otherwise I totally would!
Everyone is here for this video game convention and their costumes are making my day a billion times better.
Thanks for the follow guys! Much appreciated...
language is such an issue.. things from patients flipping out and throwing fits about not understanding which ione is the pain killer med ..
Lopez did his job...more or less...and gives way to Sergio Romo who will try to retire Cuddyer with runners on 2nd and 3rd, 2 outs
Bitches talking that's just free promotion <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
great but im freezing
same here loving life
*Going by a water tower with ally called waverly* me: look were in waverly, i wonder if theres wizards?
First monster: I have a hunch. Second monster: I thought you were a funny shape.
Congrats and his beautiful bride. Wishing you both a lifetime of happiness!
I was just thinking that myself... Where are my tweets? [looks around, scratches head] Gotta get on that. Enjoying yours!
Hey have you heard "Too Close" by Alex Clare? Kinda diggin it at the moment!
My hands smell like hot dogs -.-
thanks so much!!
Thank you
Well, it was nice knowing you, but now that I've seen #contagion, I'm never going to touch any of you ever again. Or gwyneth Paltrow.
Vote Austin, 1D are already famous!
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use
i hate being sick :(
The government should ban gay marriage because the bible says it's wrong, but it should allow straight adultery.
Are there new solutions for #mobile #phone batteries?
its about 100 degrees outside in Baltimore on of the staff here at the Star Spangled Banner Flag House gave a computer u bring outside..
Frank Hubbard I'd like to live as a poor man with lots of money
folks have RAVED about #customerservice on , too!!
"Oh, you said you like it in the BUTT-ler..?"
Lol u good i had a long talk with her RT : OH SORRY....IM NOT SUPPOSE TO BE TALKING TO YOU
Ugly teeth turns me the fuck right off.
Once I enter 10th grade in August I will have come farther then both of my parents education wise :,D
The Sammich is beef smoked to perfection chopped and cooked in sauteed onion and gravy and served over a soft french roll. Ready to try??
Congrats. Are you going to celebrate?
I need the hat-trick!
Just registered a joint email address for and I for wedding planning, but we promise to never have a joint facebook page.
QOD??? ( question of the day) WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF A LEPRECHAUN STOLE YOUR POT? yes aka marijuana
One of these days I'll wake up to that message..
Ice cold?
thanks for letting me copy ur Spanish :)
hang in there and try to get some rest. Tomorrow will be better hopefully. :)
Agreed. I'd do like the man in the article and withdraw my name if someone asked to browse around any private social network.
3 classes for 20 dollars don't wait take advantage Now
Men think they are players but women are the coaches.
Go for it!
Sick at the worst possible time
White Whale has a bird wipe
Coyotes up 3-1...also didn't see this coming
Chun cites Richard Dienst's Still Life in Real Time. Nice to hear him voiced in this conversation.
Good afternoon MWAH
It took two years, but, the man has spoken RT : I farted
You don't look different but you have changed. I'm looking through you - you're not the same :/
wow then hoes must smell pretty good then:P haha thank you:]
Ganz v. Kush I'm in a time-whorp I think a lot of these new niccas ain't had Ganz b4
#stopsayingthat 40 is the new 20 cuz clearly it's not... So when you get 50 what you gonna say?? That's the new 30?
you will never understand my hate towards math .
this captures my interested! How very fascinating! So much excitement! Was this meant 4 u? You must be important! And like coffee
there are definitely better pictures than this one from , but I'll take it.
First cinco de mayo celebration success =]
love thy soul
I really hope my fellow #libertarians are wrong on Net Neutrality, because if they aren't, the internet is going to suck
also going to eat the famous ohio state buckeyes
Hey! OK. Acceptable.
Listen busters,scarier when I finger fxck her after I dig her up and then eat her out with a bit a mustard.
blah blah blah. okay. under 14.
challenge yourself! aim for at least 60 minutes of physical activity a day!
I will black out my activity on Facebook today ;-)
duty now for the future
totes possible!
Trying to check out your link to the article -- I think your site is down...
“Big data allows us to be wrong with infinite precision” -
Do you need a #gift for an upcoming grad? There's no sweeter gift than Joe Bucks!
Why do overalls have belt buckle loops, since they are held up at the top by the straps?
The Girl With No Number will have its first screening at . A movie that deals with #humantrafficking and
Pretty sure it's still at 9, at least according to their site. Even if it is really at 8, you know it won't start till 10.
would follow you far - especially with a second line like that ! Thanks again for the fun and look forward to more soon!
Love is..learning the song in someones heart, and singing it back to them when they have forgotten - Rick Shell
Thank you for sharing your views on critical senior issues in San Diego
#whosgonnalose - Detroit at San Francisco - Detroit will lose
Alvin told u we goin to Little Rock?
false he came out of one... So second time
Come again! Glad you could join us.
I have made it so! :D We now support both
RT : there is no al-Qaeda in Afghanistan (less then a hundred!). Why are we there? The war is now TWICE as long for us than WW2!
sing I need more time loudly for me!
My family pisses me off so bad. I seriously wish I could leave all of them.
Stop by Buddy Bike Table 20 to enter our free raffle for Green Guru Gear products & swag! 2 weeks to go!
Salute fa da follow. I gotcha!
I'm hating that their showing Mrs. Favre on TV every 2 seconds. Makes me want to punch that cancer ridden bitch in her big nose! I'm mad!!
im so bord dat its up to my accord to giv me an award only if i can afford the chalkboard dat i explored only if i was cured
wish you were here in spokane!
I'm broke annoyed and bored on a Friday who wants to get me drunky ?!?!?
i Love The OMG GIRLZ New Song.. It AWESOME..
Tonight we have a Cowbustin Special that'll knock your hoofs off! Fir just $10.95 you git an 8oz NY Strip coupled with a side kick! Giddy Up
thanx for sharing the photo scanning deal!
do u guys have a skype
you should have seen Tamela's face! We miss you over here this week.
brown cow
how quick we talking :)
Dr. Lans has been voted one of No. Va.'s TOP DENTISTS. Call today and when you visit, bring your coupon for special introductory savings.
Having a camera doesn't make you a photographer. Taking photos makes you a photographer.
I would love to talk with you sometime. A fellow DO who does radio!
lol sitting on the toilet smh
Where are all the ARs for record companys!?
Assisi sent u a drawing, it was supposed to be candle.. I sent it by accident -_
In Music Meeting Delphic “Doubt” Electronic upbeat, says loves, British & Electronic, wow! big surprise!
Please send comments/suggestions/ideas to
my mom tells me that all the time, I guess I have a diverse set of RSS feeds & browsing habits
funny how my sister and i were fighting but once i put legend of korra on we forgot
LOL apparently I tweet too much on my personal account. Fucks I give= 0
talkin all that shit i bet that nigga shoes dirty
Are you at Taco Bell?
Amazing night ! Thank you for putting together the great show!
Thanks, I'll try Ginger Ale, Chicken Soup, and a healthy dose of movie-watching in the living room
If you have friends who are gay but oppose equal rights for them... are they really your friends?
I don't have any contacts
The Social Network may be a very good film, but watching it makes me very grateful that there was NO Facebook when I was attending college.
bloomberg is making a mistake if he is trying to end #ows. kicking the people out at 6am is only going to make the situation get bigger.
I hope you are stuffed from all those free samples at the #NRAShow and made multiple different flavors of soda at Coke!
Mostly Jacobson though
we should catch up! Soon?
Any1 likes my background picture
Hey... What's up? #betterlucknexttime ;)
RT Husbands, retweet if you appreciate your wife.
Curtis how is that lady doing??
Dude, GET YOUR ARSE TO COLLEGE.
Take a hike Kelly Ripa!
GOOD MORNING WORLD
yep. Pretty excited. Trying to care at all about this merit review now
lol , well go lift a couple for me too .
You're the best I never had
because I'm better than you...?
messed up phone bill.... I can't get kik to add you.
Thanks Craig! Heard much about you, hope we can meet someday. -B
;-) Happy Thursday!
Salute! RT Everybody in the office getting tipsy. Thanks !
wouldn't it be wonderful to perform in italy in 2012?
I got u
"our time last night was too short" now that's open to many interpretations. =P Get ur face out to SF soon! Need to go pig out. :)
Watching Intro to Building Mobile Apps using Sencha Touch with at
Thanks for being awesome! #teamawesome Our Marketing Person Is A Big Fan Of Yours!
Join us as a Recruiter II in Dallas The ideal candidate will have proven success with proactive recruiting strategies including sourcin…
I got dallas and oklahoma 2nite let's go!
Less than a year out of grad school & Im back. Deciding where to get my third degree in 6 yrs. Company paying for it obviously.
Judging history day really brought home that putting primary sources online means students can access them in a VERY real & important way.
I need to be less bummed, I'm going to Panda Express!
At #gtugcamp. Everyone friendly ...
yes perfect power walking weather :)
Can someone remove this knife out of my back
Yea, that's kinda' what I was thinking. Would be big savings, though, which would make the whole trip easier.
Those same girls are envious of the way that you live your life!
We need real writers
If Kobe left the Lakers would you still be "die hard" #LakersFans? *i'll wait*” why would u?"
Planning study abroad? Want $20 towards your trip? Then email for full deets :) It's all very simple & fun!!
hey Ariana! Hows your night going? :] love you :*
Debbie Gibson on celeb apprentice is gonna tune in religiously!
Why use the phrase for shits and giggles? Who the fuck shits then giggles?
#nanowrimo RT Make time to disconnect and let the words fly: Your characters will thank you
Good Morning
's "Local Underground Tent Party". Only 10 minute walk from #SBVillage. Wine, beer, food, & music. It's a PARTY!
RT "Don't blame it all on Nova...it's our offense too...the whole team needs to snap outta it..." ...<<Agree 200%...tonite!
We're taking our weekly OUTSIDE!! Yes! Who's bringing the mimosas?
no kidding #somanycravings <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
How adorable!! And Ava looks precious too. :)
Perfect day for a #bike ride! Today is going to be, wait for it, a high of 58°F!! That's right! Ride on, friends!
"You used to listen to good music. What happened?" - thanks bro, nice to see you too.
I get mad when I say hi to sumone n they dnt say it bac....
Trying for the first time today. Can't resist a food truck.
Home from #nyc, taught numerous classes, sent emails, but still can't forget #CindySherman at
Im so hungry ! I wish I could go out to eat for lunch! >.< :/
Hey brother. Good times last night! Hollywood is crazy!
My friend, Serein Wu is a BOMB stylist and is SAG. She's following me, contact her!
don't worry I'm no City lover just really hate United. Great news on Spurs job. I'll be in UK for Olympics will hit u up.
forever my favortie movie
The lil tips on the shoelaces are called aglets :)
via Paradigm Shift You may believe that you are responsible for what you do, but not for what you think. The truth is that you are resp...
GoodLuck to my wifey at her job interview today.
Tomorrow is Armed forces day. Come by Bath & Body Bistro with your military ID and receive 15% off of any purchase!
So, though the gunplay isn't too great, Communicating with friends on core decisions would be fun.
Thanks for following , , and ! We're excited to share updates and stories with you!
it's like not even 11am over there. How and why are you up before noon on a Saturday?
Harvey's for my daddy's 52nd bday!
Suck it #Patriots!
It's your birthday weekend :) !!
I won't get it until they actually say it >.<
wow that burger sounds awesome! defiantly need to try it!
No worries -- glad the network is growing. Also, I'm using the Striphas book for my class.
OMS! is online! Hopefully he'll notice me today!
Hoping Hollie stays tonight, she shouldn't be in the bottom.
Does anyone care Im almost outta milk?!?!
I might delete my twitter
Nothing yet...heading out 90 for another hike.
cool deal. thanks. Are you and Eddie still coming out for that fight soon?
Coolest sound at any hockey game might be the Phoenix Coyotes coyote howl. It's great.
Thanks for the RT Are you going coming all the way from Detroit/Toronto?
is that to much to ask for now a days
That's what I like to hear. Tag it #westchestercarnaps2k12 on Instagram, and it'll pull right onto the site.
Is British food improving, or is it just London's scene?
Quote of the night, "I used to do puppets, and that sh*t is intense"...wtf?!?!
its #playtime..You girls picking up what Im putting down?
Every song is free.
I just don't get the appeal of the Foo Fighters. Sorry, world.
I want daughter to read #NYTimes too. Why can't I without sharing my own login/pswd? Don't they want to build next gen of readers? -
My mom can barely check her voicemail
Damn. now my batting average will dip.
that was pretty detailed...sitting in paris, waiting for my flight to warsaw #killmenow :-/
Hey. We're open.
Analysis: Dissident's case poses diplomatic test for US and China - Reuters
At work..
Welcome ! RT My amazing mentor has officially joined the Twitterverse
Illini finish the season in much the same way they played through it, by acknowledging only 35 of the game's 40 minutes.
enjoyed processing Samuel Clemens' correspondance, now time for a little Charles Dickens!
i survived....
Should be good as well, just hit me up whenever looks good.
The Ace of Spades
extreme makeover: home edition.
Thanks, Patricia! XOXO
didn't quite make it then, but headed there now. Sweet dreams yo
Me three hours ago: "EAT ALL THE CANDY." now i can't sleep. Let alone do the piles of homework sitting on my bed.
this teacher ...... bitch i dont care about ur class ..:/
Welcome to my twitter stream. Any students I should follow to keep in the loop on the organizing?
I'd love fewer hours with benefits! But working almost full time and no benefits? Seems crappy.
Good morning sir!
Most of the bands I really want to see live are playing warped this year and I can't go <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
finds #DH syllabi incorporate alternative "texts" like audio, video (YouTube), images, games. Also, focus on "projects."
you really do tweet the sweetest things ever(: your tweets always make me smile<3
Fans in #mnwild building pick stars. They put 6 on the board and fans text. Some nights there are no visitors, others 50/50.
on a hunt for a sweet panama hat-- help!!
Omg The Hunger Games was amazeballs
Hey Cincinnati - catch live today and get their album early - 5pm @ Shake It Records and tonight at Taft Theater!
Decided to throw some Tweets up, lol.
oh no doll sweeter than you.
Halftime in Missouri lead 8-7. Gibson with a pair of goals.
I wish the worst things upon ryan braun.
More #Richmond like winter temps to arrive for the weekend.
chilled with today, went swimming and stuff. good day.
Why oh why is it so? I don't know why, but damn it sure pisses me the hell off..,. hell hath no furry like a women scorned...
The Good Wife!!
just followed my first 23 or so influential author
good chatting with you can't wait to see
Great advice to start the day!!!
#MarchMadness continues tonight w/ 3 Florida teams!
Never let haters come between u and your dreams! If they won't move run through them! #howbaddouwantit!
If i tweet you #twat lol... Im not being dirty cause i took a shower !!! so im clean
Karen "Candy" was very close to the Hayes family. She asked me to tell you hello!
Thre was a succesful tv show about "rich & famous". How about a show about "poor & invisible". Now here is a chalenge 2 the HOLLIWOOD elite
; I'm going to be sleepy though lol. It's so early :c
Likewise. I could watch this every day. lol
I love the colors too! This takes a painstakingly long time though; finally finished but probably took 5-6 hours! eep.
Lol I go on instgram and I just gained a bunch of followers. #Feelloved <33
i decided to take a bow of silence from my family until this #peoplepowermyass problem has been solved.
The Thunder opened a can of whoop ^%%$$ on the Lakers last nite, Yikes!
this is too cute :p
well I mean Let's see m the only one whose paid all of the money so far so eat my dick lol we need to get together n by plane tix
Thanks to Lindsey for fitting me for new Mizunos. Can't wait to run! (& thanks to my boss for the gift certificate.)
Nobody cares about the games in PA!
While you're in the Convention Center for the Exhibit Hall at #FAI12, make sure you stop by the Canada Reception!
#Virgo's love belly rubs.
Jesus loves you.
dublin-london-amsterdam. I hope I come back alive #spacebrownies hopefully not a repeat of last time
ALL librarians are certainly equipped w/ the tools (namely a propensity to help others) to be great activists; I hope yes.
Word. RT : Wrote/filed 900 words in less than hour . Thought I was pretty buck then realized sportwriters do that every night.
You got it girl. Look at you, now get a picture up there. I will send one to you to use.
A childs birthday party isn't a good place to come out the closet, Clarence
Thanks for the follow! I've always wondered what a DIT/AC's website would look like; I really like yours.
test tweet
There will never be enough time to read everything I want to read. And yet, I buy more books all the time just because I love books.
thanks for the #FF Great seeing you today!
thanks for the mention!
I want bacon.
RT : has some fantastic reads on display on the 1st floor, right when you walk in, love it!
morning follow back ^_^
Chicago Soup Company is coming alive! New logo is in place and will be featured soon!! Website is coming soon!!
*Do not let anything or anybody get in the way of your dreams, your goals and your self respect*
How is this US game tied with Kazakhstan?! What a joke...
don't let them get revealed
Samsung apps challenge started already, but you can still get in the game.
k let me know if/when. mid-sept in cleveland. gonna be big.
your not welcome
Pujols hit a home run today
BREAKING: #RoseontheRoof is officially SOLD OUT! Looking forward to seeing everyone tomorrow!!
everything is going well, I hadn't seen you on here in awhile just making sure everything is good man, I want to hear some music!
Bought my little sisters a few clothes and accessories today. I care so much about them and their well being! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764>
Visited some forex trading related forums recently. Blind leading blind ...
play's redundant points give me sense pw has lost intimate contact w characters
After a long day of snafus, twists, & turns, I think all of the bugs are worked out and "3 Christmas Wishes" is officially on sale...
got some hot organizational energy today.
woohoo!! Seeya again in a few weeks son!!!
When people think they did absolutely nothing wrong but really did.
Also, I felt so cool cruising on a Saturday night in my pjs and slippers. I'm such an old lady.
GA State Patrol is a joke. Why would you pull people over on the largest interchange ramp in the state? ATL traffic is bad enough
I'm at the point where I'm watching a Seinfeld ep on DVD, then rewatching the same ep w/ commentary to make sure I've caught all the nuances
Don't worry I won't I always try to remain positive
why is lotto staring at eminem's nipples during this battle?
"NOT for Teacher"
Back on campus for a whole 2 minutes before I run into kids doing parkour. Oh , don't ever change.
Rango is up there with Shrek and Toy Story. Awesome movie.
Noted: Bubble tea is not the most subtle beverage to enjoy at one's desk.
Its crazy to think that people you've known your whole life can believe a bonafide stranger over you..SMH Manipulation is an MFer
Has to be in Texas. Any era. Haven't heard of some of these. Will look up. Thanks!
Caipirinha's on a working Saturday. The perfect adult beverage for today! Team Liquid...you deserve it
Aww. #Love THX! RT: Gave +K about #Fundraising on cuz she knows how 2 find green 2 bring stories 2 life!
I didn't think of suggesting Nano. Derp on my part.
no sugar for the next 12 weeks.. assassinate me asap
crap. Yes that's what I meant.
Hello to our 200th follower:
lets go la tonight we get our W back
When it comes to scare stories about diet or germs or aliens, how come Hodges is always the most rational head in the room?
#IntDesignerChat A1: I do a LOT of reading, and if I get asked a question that I dont have an answer for, I do extra research!
I hate house bathrooms with the weird mini push pin lock. Can never tell if I'm actually locking the door.
what shirt did you get us lol
Don't know about Lotte in Chantilly? Maybe I can help you. Fresh garbanzos& sea urchin; 7 kinds of house-made kimchi. Talk 2 me for a tour.
Ray Allen must be hurt to be missing free throws.. #Celtics up 81-79 .08 seconds left
Braden-Rapp's tribute to Billy Strayhorn in double bill with Vijay Iyer at Manchester Craftsmen Guild, Pittsburgh, April 29. bradenrapp.com
went to the bathroom, looked in the mirror, saw a grown woman, wondered: when the hell did that happen?
I am so SKINNY!!
Kernels of wisdom from #yetanotherworld: 1984=1948, future=near now, and conversation between writers is a marvelous genre
I am gong to make my mark...anyone drinking energy drinks, dang they taste good, but are not the best for you...check this out www.efusj ...
Watching DD's ballet class. Two dads are out on the floor doing turns and plies w their kids who r a little shy. Very sweet.
where do we report ?
haha you bet. Sorry, computer shut down
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong...
hypocrites are the worst kind of people.
pumped for the new album gents!!much love<3
GN say a pray 4 me
Dear unrest / wanderlust: Why are you visiting me again?
gotta love iChat :)
The Knicks need to take Lakers lessons....
Thanks goes out to for pimpin out our new 500K video.
S/O to a couple of new followers and
John L. Smith named head coach of Arkansas. On ESPN
been doing beach walks lately so it really kicked my arse to go on a canyon hike today........good sweat
PLEASE MAKE MY DAY AND FOLLOW ME BACK
sad thing is he looked like that before going on the big boy rides at
do they have any other cartoon.
YEA!!! Ok bitch now you can go ;D love ya bye! Sleep good sexy thang ;))))
looks like a squid
Found a near mint copy of Muswell Hillbillies for 5 bucks, grilling with and Nice day.
SO PUMPED! What time are you getting there? Doors are at 8...?
What does it mean to study music in a liberal arts environment vs. a conservatory environment? Curricula should address this.
Pamela Smart: The Menil Collection as a space where "poetry could prevail over pedagogy."
#BASKETBALLWIVES I can't believe they are on this beautiful island and is acting like this, that's crazy
follow me Ohh my 14 year old brother would never do that
I'll keep you virtual company, I'm writing an 8 page paper and learning a semester of stats holla
When you drink from them, does it taste like sadness?
in time i want to be your best friend, east side love is living on the west end
Well. Yeah.
: "Single is the new couple"
Just accepted this internship. Starting next week. Nervous!.
I'll take the over under on Tebow.
My ability to write essays has actually gotten worse since coming to
we're fighting a battle bigger than books, though I predict a return to simplicity soon (faith in a seed...) :)
Wasn't there a Fringe episode about this?
Can you say three hour layover at Laguardia?
Yay! Thanks for the ambulance! hehe
bobby I'm 5'3" I'm usually around 140...if 135 is too skinny then I guess someone my height and 160 is perfect huh?!?!
#weallhavedatonefriend whose always broke
Just so you know, I'm really bad at getting people out of class
Tuesday Dec. 13th=amazing 6 course veg or non veg dinner at Classic Slice. Only a few reservations! 414-270-1880
Canned by Canada! Pacman a "No Go" Time to Busacap!
love your crops! can we shoot a story on spec with your designs/styling?
just gave me a crash course on Reddit vs 9GAG, vs something called "4chan." Ew I feel so nerdy and internet-y
Later, my man
damm just picked up my cap and gown for graduation
Going to bed!
Excited about learning cool new IT skills for the classroom this week at the #ccitis2012 workshop
yea we did this morning but i didnt go
vs Brock Lesner was a very Bloody Bloody Match this was no PG match
Can't begin to explain how thankful I am for the #USARMEDFORCES. God bless each and every service member. I am forever grateful.
damn slime i called yall niggas phone the otha day
U r so positive that's dope as hell
Tried using Dropbox for a while. I like SpringPad better :)
Pleasure P - Under
At least we won't be forced to watch that mess Bo Ryan calls an offense.
is so annoying! I honestly don't know what the point is..
Mañana me and are killing it
Alright lawlorffs don't forget to DM us your pics by friday. Goodnight :) xoxo ~ &
plz plz plz we need at&t unlock very bad!!!!!!
It was like a year ago we were getting you a Dairy Queen ice cream cake for your last day. You damn interns grow up so fast.
Lotta female photographers out tonight and they've each sorta glanced appraisingly at my camera. Is this what it's like having boobs?
Attention studs & studettes abroad...the US has now adjusted for daylight saving time. No more excuses missing the weekly phone home.
I need all my money and a lil' bit of yours...
Say no more it's time....way pass due.
Back in SF?
How do you select the indie brands you represent?
RT Why sports is so valuable: Only 4% of those that watched the Giants-Packers did not watch it live (via ).
Heard from a little birdie you're attending #smwwdc - Which events?
Thanks God for blessing me to c other day....
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex Crew love >
All right I'll make it now :)
"But the Lord stood at my side and gave me strength, so that through me the message might be fully proclaimed." (2 Timothy 4:17)
They couldn't stand the tension waiting for the Newbery and Caldecott to be announced.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 360
Wonder how a Mini-Cooper would look in the driveway... Nah, no room 4 Husband or Puppy.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: When talking to reporters, don't fire hose them with your info, find out what THEY need & tailor your info to it.
Candace, you rock. Because of your support we made it! Seladore is playing the Hard Rock!
Can hire 5 developers if a bunch of libraries sent $$ to help fund?
Question time! Tweet us with a question! It could be about our members, instruments, anything! It'll be answered on our LIVE DVD!
thankyaa. i think i will. just to talk about it real quickk.
"Four Seasons fill the measure of the year; There are four seasons in the mind of man"
Not too familiar with Twitter. How do we start a private conversation.
lol! "M-M-M-M-Mem'ries light the corners of my mind. Misty water-colored mem'ries of the way we were"
Sweet! Thanks Gern. You are a kind, kind man;) #FF to you as well.
Fuck u and the person who made u
Some people take yolo too seriously. "OMG IM GOING TO DRINK A WHOLE BOTTLE OF VODKA AND HAVE SEX WITH EVERYONE #YOLO " thats the 806 for u.
happy mother's day!
The day I need my itouch charer I don't bring it -.- lol.
You can thank for being a guru, an expert, and a genius of perspective.
right?!? They literally wear the exact same things everyday
well thank you so much for the compliments! do you have our cd yet?
Cool. I like the idea that you'll be doing a drawing there to sell.
Zien isn't wired up right...geez...
Jam session?! Hell yes I'm in!
I know it's hard to remember, The people we used to be . It's even harder to picture, That you're not here next to me
Make sure to check out our article in the Journal Sentinel and stop in to see what the buzz is all about!
: Nay. It's lots of work to clean them several times a day. If they get infected, the holes could scar shut and then it's a mess
what's up?
I think flynn is going to the browns.
It's me, the devil!
hahaha girl that would be J's solo episode: "The Fantasy"
People like to talk about themselves, to themselves... What are you saying?
NHL. Starts. This. Week.
I love you Sel Gomez you is my life forever
If you are at SXSW find one of those homeless dudes carrying wifi
I'm not sure if I'm up to the task of moving my body off this couch today. But it's so beautiful out! Moving, begrudgingly.
Thinking of my PNW friends under tsunami warnings. I hope it doesn't happen...
": I want more tattoos."me too
yeah! We just watched the latest #community episode, I think you'd like that then too..,
Gotta get a quick workout in before I get my day started
Stand for something.
I've got 99 problems and Family Guy is not one.
Omg bye. Get out of massachusetts, Im done
I adore the stats and data that come out of
. I was working! (which reminds me that I better enjoy my time off and send in some reviews of fun Austin places!)
they gone just me. sad day lol. :-)
Thank you Gwen..You have no idea how much I personally appreciate that you came to our Deli for your birthday. Happy. happy birthday
I broke down in tears today but i know starz good though. I promise u he gucci
I think we've got a bad connection. "eh, story of my life"
does that come out at midnight tonight? .... Don't answer that... I will just crawl back under the study rock.
Hi , Happy Valentines Day. Quick question: What year do you think I'll be able to send a text message when it says I have full bars?
would love to hear you thoughts on the best and worst of superbowl commercials...
Looking forward to it!
The Knicks look awful on both ends no defense no chemistry on offense Douglas is beyond bad at pg praying Lin can get some run
#Pinterest invite is pending in my inbox. Given the fanatical devotion it's inspired, I'm a bit nervous to dive in.
Took embarrassingly long to Facebook message my high school English teacher--but I can't let it look like I've failed him, right?
I might attempt it when my mom finishes. Lol
Yay! Finally got new jeans...that fit me!
Are you going to the game?!?! I AM!!
I can't watch the Avengers until I finally see Captain America.
Woah. Doesn't sound like a fun place. Been having difficulties? Shoot an email to .
I have hope that one day you'll read my tweet! I know someday you'll know of my existence hahaha, Te amo mucho! xx
I'm so out of the loop... I'm a straight line.
Even though I berly talk to anymore, its nice knowing he still cares. I can tell this niggga errthing.
So many activities tonight. Muahah Partners in crime.
Thx for spreading the news !
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your C&*k in her mouth
Every time I read yet another article about the TSA it just makes me angry. I wont bother linking to any but breaking a girl's insulin pump?
Wonderful to meet all the applicants in LA this week!
For a great lawn this year make sure to aerate and fertilize your lawn. Try a 16-8-8 Fertilizer for great results.
My bad, I'm great love, how about yourself
In Santa Fe for an important shoot. I got here 4 hours before the time. Yes, it's like Christmas for me.
Hi Rachel! lol sorry for the phone traffic!! :)))
A HUGE thank you to #ComcastSpectacor for all the tix and for providing the space for tonight's
yep! lmao i have to see this
SO SAY HELLO TO FALSETTO IN 3 2 SWAG
Patriots, patriots, patriots!<3
Going to The Lob to celebrate being a single mom to two cute dogs. would approve.
although i love all my characters i would die to play a specific one
To everyone planning on coming to our show with , the show has been postponed to a later date. Your tickets will STILL be honored.
At BD Courts bro !
awesome! Good luck!! :))
"Pitcher & Pie" day. Coors Lt or soda pitcher + 18" one topping pizza for $22.95...a great way to cheer on the Steelers with us!!!!!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO! :D
Nay would be proud
Being true to yourself really means being true to all the complexities of the human spirit. - Rita Dove
not the fans
now the weight has lifted, love has finally shifted my way
Best Smasher at the ballpark, IMO.
Giving away my love child :(
we gotta love Maria he is interesting lol
I'm pissed so many people are in need of work and the powers that B R sitting back watching them go hungry that sucks america the shameless
Everybody who say they stand out stand in .I peep shit
Yes!!!!!! So excited
Mary Quattlebaum's picture book "Pirate vs. Pirate" was selected by ALA for the Amelia Bloomer list for books about strong girls and women!
HI there. Thank you. :) Glad you had a great weekend! Blesisngs
Natella and pretzels and a gloomy day(:
A tip of my chapeau to , with appreciation 4 pointing out trails worth exploring.
you got all night :)
Anyone interested in a lateral move? Looking for candidates w/#Chinese language skills. Attorney positions in #NY, #HK, and
Dear Outlaw (), Yes. You have rhythm. You're a mover and a shaker. But really, must you go through this routine EVERY morning?
Also not following anybody else first . Ever .
SchoolBoy Q and Kendrick Lamar is the only rap I've been listening to lately.
Jesus Love Me!
#MHCCIM: Want more followers? Email me low res, with credit, version of your image from Halloween and Sports and ill feature u on my FB!
did you know that I love you? <3 Well now you do (:
Where's the penalty on Torres this is bullshit IS A JOKE
By the time it was cooked in spaghetti, tacos and chili... you hardly could taste it. And yes I'd eat about anything.
if boom had twitter that's what he would tweet
we're docked, waiting...
Everyone in the RGV in wedding services badly needs new websites. I want to just book everything via email and web UGH
righteously annoyed that all toothpaste's have same active ingredient and that twitter has a search limit... its the little things in life
O's come back falls a half step short! However, there is a clear difference in this team and the atmosphere in Camden Yards this year!Go O's
Basic things which are carried over from the average relationship. But aside from that, idk. #marriage is what you make it.
WHATS GOOD! just ate almost a whole pizza to myself but luckily will run 8 miles tomorrow so i think i might just be alright.
Dude, amazing concert that was one of my fav concert memories of all time. Sweated so much it was like we went swimming. RIP
RT If you're in Chicago, you should be where I am. #ExploreFultonMarket in Chicago's West Loop 1015 W. Fulton Market 12-5pm
I have been working & I'm back in GA too baby daddy lol. We need to kick it I miss you dude !
If u think it's hot in NYC, wait till u c us on Monday nite - it's goin' 2 b sizzling!
congratulations! Its a great app.
Did you know beer is the 2nd most popular drink in the world, coming in behind tea?
Thanks 500 SFK! The Reese Boyd Project had a lot of fun performing again this year! You all do such a jam up job! : )
Looking forward to the speakers:
Let's get this money, Then make it stack .
Kick the tires and lite the fires it is time to blast off!
At American Girl multi-depts plan promos; individual "owner" does reporting. Nice combo of group and individual responsibility.
why does everyone hate him?
Rainy days make me sleepy..
I want a Dread-Lock xD RASTA , but my mom don't let me do it... Snap!
Now we know that the rapture is happening this year, because we can't have a New Year's without #DickClark. Rest in peace, good man.
exactly! That's what really bothers me. We're now supporting fear by depriving our children rather than teaching them moderation. Ah
Apparently the computers are rising up and taking over here at the Ocho...
i like my lion hair alot now
RT : Nice meeting with you a well, but who is the expert :) I am but a novice...so must be you!
My "bestfriend " left me when i needed her. 2 strangers helped me. I dont even know how to feel.
Ok I was halfway keepin it together until whitney's brother just broke down!! Ooh Lord! I'm done. Goin to,wash dishes & watch a comedy!!
Jeremy Lin is dominating my fantasy basketball league
Stone is always a great option for outdoors.
RT MR.Grip
RT and the straw has a big diameter so you can suck the balls through it. <--
I don't understand why math is so easy in class then I get my homework and i can't do any of it
i cry every time i see lion king. i'm 18. Scar is a jackass.
"Oh the weather outside is frightful, But the fire is so delightful, And since we've no place to go, Let it ....?
I will be up late this weekend working on our Amicus is support of Judge Nash.
In the city cruising, reminiscing on when #oomf & I use to take our "road trips" lol #goodtimes & now we don't even speak :(
None ought to govern who is not better than the governed
i love when i see people who i adore but havent seen in years. it just makes my day
Whoo! U go girl :)
Fantastic! The space looks great. Glad they work there. All the best - DoL
Isn't that a roadrunner?
I can recite every line of 3030 haha. we need to get that on tape next time you guys are out here!
Every once in a while, Obama pulls a bad ass move.
I miss the old band from free credit score .com these new guys suck :(
OMG i love your background :D <3
Mikos!!! What's up! Hope all is well
If you dont know who is,YOU NEED 2 #GETWITHIT.I DONT CARE IF YOU HEARD OF THEM AND DONT LIKE THEIR Music U STILL NEED 2
I find myself saying "that's horrifying" a lot more...thanks
Do you do any work in charlotte nc
tomorrow I must write...review, tweet, and put more effort in the review than the tweet...
Porn. That is all.
#20FactsAboutMe I can't stand when people call girls who wear makeup fake. That's not fake. It's how they make themselves feel confident.
Just drove through a giant bee swarm outside my office. Glad I had the windows rolled up.
Denver Based Feature Film Colfax & 15th Official twitter. Stay tuned for updates on screenings, festival dates, tour info and more!
RT : "You can do it if you believe you can!" -Napoleon Hill #quote #life RT
following please add me !!Please
Don't go where the path may lead, but go where there is no path and blaze a trail!!
Dr. Alex Olwal (MIT Media Lab) says he sees a shift from multitouch devices. Styluses are coming back! (because they give tactile feedback)
yes I did but I resisted :-)
unacceptable. you should be watching us all the time!! p.s. we even gave your paper a shoutout for helping us with the new info
Shine On You Crazy Diamond :) Fave #pinkFloyd song #goodmorning I have zero intentions of leaving my bed today.
PROMISED LAND looking for male extras ages 30-60! Full availability May 23- 25 submit: via the
This is like a football coaching tour de force. Driving through Tuscaloosa, AL home of another great, Bear Bryant.
probably checking if elbow by gasser was malicious or not. #badgers beating #illinois 62-50 w/ 1:27 remaining
everyone that r laker fans r fake.Bet anything that if kobe got traded they would be like go Dallas.Ppl follow rings
Ah I'm sleepy :|
It feel food out tho.
hahaha, i thought your name sounded familiar. That so cool. :D
Welcome to #SMCHI! We will send you an email shortly with the details, can you DM me your email?
Started working on the fifth song. It's really hardcore. After this song is done. We have to record two songs and the Ep will be done
Everybody doesn't know your dreams. Everybody don't know your hustle. All they gonna see is the results, so its on YOU!
Looking forward to it!
Im coming!!!!! Omg sing #SaySomethin PLEASE ITS MY SUMMER SONG <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
I think a lot of profs work outside their LMS, like you do. People want flexibility, which every LMS tends to eliminate.
How can we learn to stand,if we never fall?
Make sure ur contact reports r acceptable 4 a wide audience- could the donor read it? What if it were read in court? #apra va
Snacks! Snacks! Snacks! You are going to love the freshman 15.
My "I feel like crap" status update.
Want a #steamtuesday? How about events & showrunners? ...
i have so many ideas~ sorry- I can not tell U
It's okay...I wish I was at Martin:(
Just passed through a little while ago.
#wordstolike: fond, courage, majestic.
Delighted to hear George Takei speak at #pcaaca!
Great openning statement .... perfect tone, measured, on point, and compassionate.
3023537898 (i didnt feel like texting it to you cos you tweeted me :p )
no worries, twas lots-o-fun. We'll be doin SF again end of July ;)
Might be heading to the Boneyard
It's raining :(
RT : 2 great album releases today! Marilyn Manson's 'Born Villain' & Hurt's 'The Crux'! Make sure to catch Manson here on 5/19...
I think I might be about to provide navigational tech support
yeah... Been a while... Good times though :) cant wait for your London 2012 olympic games coverage. So gonna rock...
you're welcome
Don't get through life by following the crowd. Change the meaning of life by going the opposite direction.
Where is Marley's family? We have had this black lab since Nov! Spread the word about this great pup, here is her adoption flyer:...
should follow me and (:
better odds?- beavs win civil war football this year or Blazers keep Oden for more than 1 more year?
can u make a tinychat? *hugs*
2007 after serving 35 years of a 53-year sentence for attempted murder.)
It's my birthday today gimme some love!!!!!
I think meek is the best in mmg *shrugs*
:))) follow my new account
*puts on party hat* going out tonight, bitches.
I was suppose to be at work at 8. And I'm still not there.
In Charlotte North CArolina getting ready to take off again. Heading to the big apple
i do not like that class :()
RT : An amazing person, , taking an incredible journey thru the #Rockies 4 a worthy cause - trailer: http:/ ...
What makes for the best #marketing #proposal when selling #technology?
LET US ENTERTAIN YOU!! Band booking inquires contact
IN F*CKING LOVE #BOYFRIEND CAN WE JUST GET MARRIED, OH MY I LOVE YOU BIEBER!
And what is the verdict?
The excitement I feel about playing NHL 2012 this weekend is the same excitement I'd imagine parents feel having their first child
we can. Best to email us
you and me both. I dunno if I could handle it, but it needs to happen!
Former Indianapolis Colts GM Chris Polian Heading to Atlanta Falcons: Fan Reaction - Yahoo! Sports
haha yup! I'm still laughing about it ;)
High respect for former #Brewers IF/OF for family-first decision to forego a A contract with team with a 100% road schedule.
Exciting new startup founded with Georgetown interns called Check them out & learn how to save energy and money in your home.
Deck the halls with boughs of holly!!
"Happiness is often the result of being too busy to be miserable."
RT : I am an allower! Did the first "vortex" meditation this morning. AWESOME. What is an allower?
RT I join pres #Obama in congratulating the ppl of #Tunisia on their historic 1st elections. Inspiring-but mr wrk to do
The guy Michael in Grease 2 >>>
Rulactant Yuppies Are In! vitaminwater Uncaps Wale, G40 Art Exhibit; Kicks Off Month-Long Series Of Events With BYT & Art Whino! - Revamp
Love the website and student involvement on the blog. May we suggest you take a look at us?
Then to keep the great twitter karma balance in place - Thank goodness it is football season! :-)
Finished bringing in post-game sound on Lin. Focusing on other games now, like the end of Ohio State/Minnesota and Hawks/Lakers.
i'm unfamiliar with that comeback. is that some of your old man speak?
Congrats Cutting Edgers!
Being excluded is not always a bad thing. Sometimes it means you won't fit in the wrong crowds :D
So your running around, telling lies just so you can get another guy?
and only 1 day until mine!
I can see your desire for the 'stache is great
It was a great class! LOVED IT! So inspiring and can't wait to go again with you!
On the air for another hour, then I'm ready to enjoy the weekend with thousands of you at Miller Park for tonight's Brewers game!
: "Getting up early to go slay some trout!" eeewwwwwww dreeewwwwwww
Just finished typing my report.. I had about 1 week to do it but I did it 2 days before school starts off after spring break..
#providence #RI new career center lifted up by Brenda Dann-Messier as Career and Tech Ed center of excellence. Woot woot.
S/O to Avery Sunshine and Promoters of NeoSoul Tuesdays @ Fox Hollow. Nice set. Great crowd. Fantastic Singing!!!
room for one more?
Today reflecting how sorry I am for how I treated my mom as #aspie #teenager she says she doesn't remember. That is what we do as moms.
Come to the Ale House tonight!!!
hey how r u?
“: Lakers come back to win the series in 7!!! BOOM!!!” LOL you're a funny guy Kevin. BOOM
I never knew half the people in my life right now would be there, but I'm glad they are
Just past through Groit.
": Here's to the girls who can walk in heels." 5 inch platform stilettos :)
Why is every disagreement "a war" and every anomalous event "an armageddon"? How about some perspective?
I wake up early on Sundays for
We're up for helping put up posters for the upcoming bake sale! We just get them from ?
preparing a presentation for Madison Episcopalians: Episcopal Church: Mission, Structure and Budget. Any Advice?
thank for RT
I am so anxious for tomorrow..
watch the best journalist of france I listen his name everywhere I go I have read his tweet is very interesting I love him..!!
I love can't wait for #teenwolf to come back and the hosting of #NYE with in
still early but I don't think their pitching can hack it I was worried about hanley but guillen I'd the early problem
I've been using it at work for a year and a half. I've gotten used to its quirks. Definitely not an ideal tool for e-mail/cal
I'm inappropriatly excited that I became the "mayor" of on
Life is a bitch, but I appreciate her.
Ha ha! Yes, the important question. RT : OK, on to bigger questions: Will the #Brewers be the same without Yuniesky Betancourt?
full band practice
Hahahahaha that's really cute ;)
Thanks for watching man! Enjoy the fights.
good luck tomorrow...smash the Rays
Sounds great! Will do. :)
IM+ Pro v6.2.1 (Paid Version) Android Apk App Download | Mobile ...
If San Jose State beats Stanford tonight. I will streak across my neighborhood. That's how confident I am that Stanford will win.
love the male hug
Great report. Thank you! It is important that this information circulates. As schools say: "To and through college!"
MT : *Packers legend* Bart Starr will be grand marshall for the April 1 IndyCar race at Barber Motorsports Park in Alabama.
“ #Patience .. Only the Strong Survive”
Save our
New computer means new installation of TweetDeck, which Twitter is aparently in the process of morphing into a stinking pile of excrement.
When I was little I dropped a piece of garbage down our air vent. We found it after 10 years....
Can't wait to see you!
RT : That’s it for tonight. Thanks for joining us and we’ll see you next wk 4 a new #marriagechat Wed. at 9PM EST
he's a player but i want to be the one who makes him take off that jersey and quit the game<3
I'm definately going to wear a scary costume for #halloween. Right now i am leaning towards
Had to get out my climbing shoes to get through my living room. So. Many. Boxes.
#Hawaiian Poke Bowl wants to feed you The #Food Of #Champions!!!
what are the districts?
Providing IT services to Doctors, Physicians and clinics.
So who's just starting their Holiday shopping and who's finished? Today, I am getting a lot of mine done at Charlottesville City Market!
A nice lazy Sunday for now, then it's game one of our basketball league!
Me: You Only Live Once! YOLO God: Challenge excepted.
Where are my fellow #BWELA? :)
they could've bro but it come down to playing catch up as veteran teams I feel neither team should b losing in the 4th
/// I'm kinda upset that T3 didn't put the "Hello World" joint on his "3illa Madness" mixtape.
so fun! I'm jealous.
Ready to step up to the plate, but scared as hell.
dood it's gotta be risewithusellen, it says everything
Type your question and I shall type an answer.
There we go #Brewers!
what's up man? What's your email? I have a question for you
Doing shit for my parents suck
4. Include links to other URIs so that they can discover more.
Thx! So probably not an all-day shoe, but works for slip on, on the run?
lol I will think of you whenever I have a skirt catch moment!
wow - awful... Rather hear jenny dell all night and she is like a robot, liner jock
bring it tommorow
You effing rock.
God Hates Us.
Just think about it , no school , summer swimming and my friends party . xD
Marcum vs. Lincecum tonight! Early season Cy Young award showdown. Be there!
this cool where u from
Lando and Han dueling it out to Canned Heat just made my night.
12 HP between the three of us. Not looking good.
Omg I just woke up..
RIP Richard Ketchum. He wrote great stuff about Bunker Hill and Saratoga and other Revolutionary War battles and about Vermont.
Keeping my fingers crossed on this Spectrum/Sonic Boom CD auction on eBay. Almost to the 24-hour mark.
well, we sent you the email... will we ever get a response?
A ugly confident women
Good #StPatricksDay party at Claddaugh, but cover plus few drink specials? Not cool.
Dont forget to mention the 1000 unemployed that can never be hired because the capital to invest in it went to taxes instead.
Watching Ministry Of Love pLay c:
Home projects better than homework
That apology means a lot. Thank you.
Looking for #Milwaukee businesses to share Social Media, SEO, SEM and Blogging Success stories.
I'm so bummed out :(
#ArtFact: When Frida #Kahlo was 6 years old she had polio. The disease made her right leg thinner than her left leg.
big fan, have about 4 wrap dresses that always look great, regardless...
Bring the Art!
jelz. But too exhausted to go.
great interview
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." David Brinkley
ME TO
GifBoom is so cool
Just thought I would point that out even though I live on the other side of the country from you. :)
// but here's the kicker about Cane & Abel, sometimes #God doesn't want the fruit of our labor as much as (cont.)
I did wear the purple shirt with a blazer jacket and business pants to court today thanks to (: see my shirt went to good use! Haha
works for me...
People just need to start following me...I have all the insider news...
Asking the tough questions, like: does the open access model marginalize academic libraries?
Piff is about to pop out babies and bitch is acting needy my animals are driving me crazy
When a man can make homemade chicken strips taste like heaven,u betta hold on to him!#theway2awomansheart. Um just sayin
Thanks, Dawn!:)
not sure if u were watching the same play. Can't talk shit one min then say its clean.
Better than i thot. RT When "Angry Birds" is played by an orchestra, the result is a Tim Burton/Danny Elfman production:
#lockupyourdaughters I'm the James Dean of the undead, the Kobe Bryant of biting necks, and Nicholas Sparks of telling truthful lies.
#VirtualAssistants - who are your ideal clients?
you lare in kansas, dangit! kansas!
Haha knowing your affinity for baseball I swear the tail part looks like A. Your signature is only a step away from the big leagues
Marine Corps Marathon sold out in 2 hours and 41 minutes. And I'm one of the lucky 30000 entrants. I better not screw this one up.
Legal vs Moral, big difference. He calls police, no kid is hurt after that.
Commitment leads to action. Action brings your dream closer.
The only way to move #Wisconsin #Forward is for each resident to Step Ahead, get to the polls and #VOTE!
Interesting fact: Nicholas Sparks not only attended Notre Dame on a track scholarship, he also set a school record in the 4x800m relay.
when did that come out?
Go for it! :D
Thank you so much! RT : I so love ur hair salon. I had to like ur FB page
“: Best in Show New Product Show Natural Pet award Ware Manufacturing's Hyacinth & Jute Bungalow Balconies.
I Get Along With The Best People's Who's Names Starts With T's.
I can floss my teeth without using my hands.
My brother is the most annoying bitch I've ever met ,
has only mentioned #wiunion in passing on his shows during protests. He's been a real disappointment.
A man just asked me if we are gonna have snicky snacky night tonight.
Hey Greenwood Public Library, how about a pre-emptive call off for tomorrow? It's what the cool kids are doing.
the job?
BLAP working on reality show deal with MTV....
im hungry
who is this?
Every man's dream is to be able to sink into the arms of a woman without also falling into her hands
Hamburgers for lunch ? :P
“: Psssssssst. Delete your twitter” I'd guess that this may be detrimental to you and your being... Am I not correct???
Previous offer of Jason Bay turned down. “NYT NEWS ALERT: Mets’ Owners Settle Suit Brought Against Them by Madoff Trustee for $162 Million”
Thanks to volunteers who turned out Sat to plant trees. Our next planting is Apr 28. Help needed please contact
is it still too late to Pre-Order Timescapes? Looking forward to the release of it soon.
- Taste My Butt
so I guess I will cook tomorrow. my hair took longer than excepted
Went for a 3 mile walk with my friend. I'm feeling good!!!! :-)
Get on Yelp! From
yes!!!! You should, you would love it :)
thanks, I'll check it out.
hahaha. Made me smile <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Seven years ago this hour my baby arrived by emergency c-section at St. Luke's in Houston.
Breaking News Be sure to watch CNN Thursday February 9th 12 Noon EST feature segment
Watching YouTube videos all night
Finally.. Refreshed
It's all about the cheese. Pepperjack. Aged Cheddar. Baby Swiss. Buttermilk Blue. What's your fav?
Gourmet News covering Buyer's Best Friend -- awesome story: "provides additional channel for producers, brokers and buyers."...
Thanks for the follow Mike! How are the TPLauncher sales doing?
RT “: Never let anyone discourage you from doing what you love!! There's nothing better then doing what people say you cannot do"
Theres nothing like waking up 4am to do a job anyone can do.
Life's a bitch, and then you die. That's why we get high. Cause you'll never know when you're gonna go.
wee really reall real do…
If I get to eat Cookies off ur Boobs...I'm out the door now!!
What kind of work do you do with RAINN?
good luck :D you need it :b
SECTION 105 baby!!! Sixx's side. That's right!!! Be jealous. Uncontrollable exxcitement!!!
Must've been all those mimosas yesterday that caused my #TalladegaNights typo.
it's just like a fan twitter for them
this episode has one of the best #SATC lines ever: (from charlotte) "i hav been dating since i was fifteen. i am exhausted. where IS he????"
buck-CAW! Gobble gobble (trails off as turducken is blown away by hurricane winds)
Still got dem Gator Andouille Sausages!
*Shake shake* hahaha
adding brazil to the time zones i'm keeping track of…
hate when that happens!
Shorter hashtag = more speech!
Gearing up for game day in Madison with my parents and sister. Let's hope the rain stays away. Go #Badgers!
iPlayer for US yet?
mouth is already starting to water! dont rub it in cuz i already have a wave of guilt passin over me lol
-- What makes you think I was talking about you? :) I just want some "progress" in progressive now and then.
Its true, but I'll take it. Its also somewhat comforting to see them alive in a dream than none at all...
that's cryptic or maybe Klingon
cc: would love to C demonstration booths @ Malls- Recognizing anaphylaxis, How to use Epi-pen, signs of FAs, type of thing!
i haven't gotten one text!
Text me if your down !
oh my God this is fantastic. "I didn't see the line!! The line's never there!!" x]
I wish I could but I have plans with the school and my dad tonight! ),:
aren't we all?
WE LIKE DANCING!
Wow. Um... I mean wow... Really. I'm flattered so many people jumped on the Third Person Twittertrail today. Ty to all of you. :)
there are a few other boutiquey ones but I haven't ever stayed.
hey, I hope recovery is going well :)
I took someone pictures but deleted it since I needed space on my disk and duh the person just called me to asked about the pics lmao
Where the feeling of neglect can be oh so strong.
Its a lot of men here at Eden lounge. Who should I choose? Good looking guys too!! Ladies, Smh.
Yep. I suppose I succeeded...GRS a week ago.
Speak Up 2011: Teachers say technology w/in instruction helps students develop creativity, critical thinking & problem solving skills
Well then I better get on the hard living ASAP! Pass the meth and the hookers and the pit bulls please
24 hours of A Christmas Story!!!!
this broke my stelena heart :'(
Thanks! And I'm here for you! ANYTIME. so don't be afraid to ask!
Congtratulations to Randy Ellision - please send me your address and bait styles and colors you would and your gift ships tomorrow! Kevin
the one cool thing about having a raspy sick voice: i can sing "HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE! OOOoohOoohOOoohhh" like Sia
#Bama tops #Gators to win the 2012 SEC softball tournament championship.
happy birthday Julian (: hope your day is amazing as you are <3 i love you
Hope everyone has a fun and safe Friday night!
OK. I have to stop being distracted by anything and actually study, fuck off everything
Cups of the rozay,bitches in my old phone
Met with our Sound Editor today, Marika Tjelios. She has a big job to do, but there is no doubt she is up to the task. A true indie.
He's probably going to ask for his release anyways. “: Brandon Inge hitless in five at-bats, celebrates first win with Oakland"
Coconut water tastes absolutely foul...but it hydrates like magic.
After skiing & surfing now it's time 4 soccer & Fitness competitions!! #National <U+26BD> tournament n WBFF competitions in my mind!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Kobayashi Maru, when will you finally end? I should have done what captain Kirk did. P.S. If you are not a trekie this will make no sense
I'll see you when the sun sets.
Friday Night Lights, one of the best finales to a series ever!
I now officially understand yours and 's relationship.
Watching a movie school tomorrow I love school not I need more followers follow me an I will follow uu
The remaining work to finish in order to reach your goal increases as the deadline approaches...
Very good, great voice!!
Still waiting: #RenewTheGates campaign successful? I say renew it as new media only; new show in TV time slot; ABC could make twice the $$.
ahahaha :) thank you
I know homie they were playing hella sloppy af but nxt game they will do better tho
Bored AF at work
Good Saturday morning! Today, take time to start organizing your receipts! #Tax filing deadline is April 17th!
“: Thanks for the follow Kate!” WOOT!!!! Kg
That was a real nice try. Maybe next time. CATS
Looking for energetic volunteers! Have your loved one staff a water station to cheer you as you run by! monumentalmarathon.com
Thanks for a great Sunday at the beach playing volleyball with my friends. I look like a burned chicken after spending 4 hours at the beach.
"Now will I praise the LORD."~Genesis 29:35
2000s hip hop on pandora
Thank you! RT : Good to have fellow saxophonist aboard! Checking out your album Momentum! Really nice.
LMAO, I know right! What you'en seen? If I see somebody else watching a twerk video....
Thank you. I finally got to go outside!!!
I never ever lie ;)
and you call yourself a Bears fan. Where are u now? On a treadmill?
What's your best strategy for Gears of War 3: Horde mode?
love the twitter name. Brian Wilson fan?
Ok no problem..sorry for me having a sense of humor
Warning tho - pic was taken back when I had my porn star mustache
. its not jordyn. I didnt even mean thaT. Lmao. Im over juston
Super cool that Twitter takes foreign language characters. See past posts in Russian & Chinese. Vietnamese still to come.
I most certainly am!
RT Chuck Norris 101- A carton of orange juice concentrates on Chuck Norris.
Wow cleveland can't make a free throw! Memphis wins.......
#illuminati song, I would want to get signed to atlantic it seems that you have quite some freedom on their label
Autopilot engaged, screaming back towards God's country.
You're offering? It's at 1:05?
Giving thanks to meteorological systems which give us one more round of snow. Hoping this wont be the last of it.
Robby really hurted my heart when she talked about my child today I wanted to cut her throat.
we are pumped have you rocking
So true ! Thank goodness for caution. It is such an important part of our survival.
Now learning about
yea i bumped into her earlier
Up and @ 'em folks! Day 2 n Chi, ready to get my knowledge on!
The most popular response to the launch of Google Drive thus far has been listening to Incubus - Make Yourself.
Kian, are you still awake ? (:
Instead of writing on twitter and Facebook how much you love God how bout you show it in the way you act and carry yourself each day.
Just like there is more rap than club songs, women and instrumentation consisting of cheap synths and 808s
Even I'm tired of this - but STILL watching - I promise, decisions are coming.....
It's weak to whine about being a victim. Counter productive. Redirect that energy into creating a business or finding a job.
waiting for school to start
you stand by your dickpic
California lemons. Call that some California lemonade.
My head is killing me
Thanks, Joy! You rock!
i was walking by your house today and i think you were outside! lol
who is he
Then again, mabye I just sucked
Nebraska Travel quote "Yeah, we got nothing!"
Take a few days at the end of each day to connect with your children with a hug, a smile, a song, or a few minutes of listening and talking.
thanks for the rt! :)
... Because I wanted to start a band type thing!
la roux needs a new album stat!!!
Give it to Rangers. I hear they are a bit tight on cash right now.
Thanks for the "Happy Mother's Day" wish! :)
oh yeah.. i remember you
Rosalind Franklin will never get her due credit for DNA, though what she did was incontrovertible and originating.
Speaking of which, someone recently who told me that some Michiganders find that term offensive. What?
Cup of coffee
Amongst other things.
niggas beefing ? that's cool , just give me mine w/ some red wine .
Listening 2 political tlk radio wndring when US became a radical religious country It's not abt rlgn give me freedom&leave me the fuck alone
Catherine Zeta Jones, she dips beneath lasers. *sings*
afterwards we're having an altar call, bonfire and baptism for conversions, rededications and for those leaving dispensationalism
all those cops look like zimmerman too.
Is there not Burn Notice or Royal Pains reruns they could use that hour for?
If you're truly religious you treat this, like any other death, with grace.
My Lead System PRO is one heck of a system!
“: I'm Ready For This Streak of Bad Luck with Girls to End!! #smh #ialwayschoosethehoes” sounds like a personal problem..
You talk to much. Shut up! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Man all my Laker fans, let's take a knee and say a prayer that Bynum makes it
wat city is that in
sweet tea never lasts long in my house.
I should really go to bed now!
I want to see how someone's font came out though since I didn't get to do it. If you're so inclined, send a screenshot? thx!
How can people steal your Christmas decorations out of your front yard? Coal for you bastards! Santa knows who you are!!
To the barrel of crackers we must go.
#CWcon #CWonline folks, check yer email: get an abstract ready for the 10th if you want a critique in the Collaborative Grant space...
A little national love via : Join SMC Madison #jinglemingle tonight at Madison Club & connect w/ 4 more details.
And then ask for her number.
OH two girls playing a fortune telling game: "you are going to be... a famous dancer!" -"oh... great." Gotta watch
Ending on this K.R.I.T. Mixtape...now to The Weeknd
About to go spin at the Penthouse of the Huntley Hotel, Santa Monica for graduation party
Keep talking shit on twitter hon that will totally work
Wow, thanks! Let us know if we can help you find anything! RT What an awesome resource! You guys are great.
MB, you've got me stressed out now. I was just at the level of "should I stop shaving my legs?".
It's Ginger Day at the coffee shop. Apparently, we all got the secret memo.
I found that deactivating my account for a week was very productive. I was able to concentrate more n get things done. I wanna do it again.
THINK LIKE A MAN..... FUNNIEST MOVIE EVER!!!
We are never so happy nor so unhappy as we imagine.
hahaha so true !!
hey followback? I'm a singer on youtube Dylan Collins told me about you guys
CeCe is remarkable! Reminds mean alot of Whitney!
Annoying bitches!
naturally dapper.: like a samba
see if Sklars can set the record for most uses of the word "besmirch" in one half hour show while discussing the Saints
#soaked fuck my life
Deliverance just came on. What are the chances it's the unedited version? I want to hear Ned Beatty squeal like a pig.
#Bookkeeping Tip: A flat cash payment to employees to buy their own health insurance is taxable income to the employee.
If you're worried because I didn't get you an Xmas gift, let me put your mind at ease. I'm fine.
Is Birthday #Cake gonna be a single or?
Ill stick with my T Nation Surge Recovery.
yah, on Twitter. But not on Tumblr. I mean, go see for yourself, XD
A kick in the balls is above 9000 del (units) of pain which is similar to giving birth to 160 kids and breaking up to 3200 bones at a time!
2,015,551 is my new favorite number! :D I finally reached it!!
No kidding. And some sources would be nice, too...
4 and a half hours of sleep, and onto my last day at Project Twenty1.
Hello how are you been Doing?
You can even get them to override the PD measurement if you ask repeatedly. Warby Parker did for me.
“Rock bottom is a solid foundation on which to rebuild your life
Being tall has ups an downs. Biggest down is probably hitting your head on a fan when it's turned on
Love the Amini Silatolu pick for #Panthers. With him and Luke Kuechly, they have two mean dudes for offense and defense.
Why were the vets and pounds mad?It was raining cats and dogs
I get more head than shampoo.
Yes, there is. There is also the fact that the better your internal comms the better your external comms. Al boils down to
Never wonder where proprietary bloatwear comes from: "we don't need that." "Yeah, bit we might.... someday..."
"like two skinny fries chasing ketchup" first time I ever heard that. LMAO.
hey is anyone online??? please reply if so !!!!!!! ans say" hey ."
": DeJuan is getting loose. We're going to see some Rhino-Blair matchups."
Going to the store at 9:15 pm to get ingredients for waffles...who am I?
best indian food in town??
No bitch, you can't
Tonight is the premiere of 's #KAyLien we couldn't be more excited!
Per our recent exchange abt domestic violence: many (most?) abusers were themselves abused. Another sad, strange fact of life.
We are currently smoging a 02 Bmw M3 nice!!! A small but very quick car. We love Beemers...
Did Nicki buy Ben a 10 gallon hat to take his mind off of her 20 gallon ass?
Loving life. Getting better by the day!
Lol! Definitely going to slow down or else I won't make it through the night.
Did a lot of people unsubscribe or something? I liked the first email!
thanks for playing my song yall rockk
n NYC at PioPio..great restaurant..working on my time out..make sure you are taking yours..
Hahah. I'm the exact same way. Exact same way.
I watched online! Great!! I hope you were able to see the comments on the online feed! Awesome!!
You can tell the humidity's really low. Went for a walk pushing the stroller and not really sweaty!
sure you are sugar. Let your team prove it, done talking about actual facts I see?
Red Bell Peppers Stuffed with Brown Rice, Chipotle Chicken, Roast Tomatoes.......
Lakers need to dump Bynum, the guy just flat out stopped playing the last 7 minutes, 16 point lead blown because of mainly Bynum
I'm in. Is paying?
We're listening to your podcast on evolution and creation in my class next week. (US Intellectual History)
Happy Friday!! TGIMFF
Joe Johnson got an MVP vote this year. J.R. Smith got a sixth man vote this year. Stephen Jackson got an MVP vote two years ago.
if I saw an ad for a sporty maroon Honda Civic (four door, no sun roof) on Facebook, I'd buy on the spot
12 hour drive..commence!
It was good catching up last night. It made me feel a whole lot better that I wasnt forgotten.
no worries! I can tell from your FB page that you've been a busy woman! :)
John Oliver sighting at the MLK memorial! Neat-o.
Visit the Libraries' table at the Student Involvement Fair today on the Oval until 4 p.m.
Today is not my day!
Thanks for the follow! We look forward to tweeting with you!
I WANT ONE(:
Thanks for the great tweets
Wooohooi!! Thanks mama!!
same people who thought the first Alabama v LSU game was boring.
Happy Monday All Lets Make it a Great Week!!!!
Wow! Way to go VCU!
Congrats! We have openings Mon & Wed of this week. Let's kick the recovery up a few notches! :-)
Its fine tho. I see how it is.
congrats just heard about it! Like the books idea :)
Good luck! We're here for #HCG support if u need us. Just tweet us questions, concerns, etc! :) RT starting #HCG tomorrow
Mitt Romney is currently speaking at Liberty University, an Evangelical college that teaches Mormonism is a cult. Mitt Romney is Mormon.
Don't change to please someone else, change because you know it makes you a better person.
It depends on the mood...Mixologists usually have great advice for us. It's Summer so we like drinks with cucumber!
everybody follow my fellow sneaker head! -->
Yea it is. Follow me so i can send u my direct number
Barry Sanders RT Who was the player, game or moment that made you fall in love with the NFL?
Haha indeed! I have been slacking on my political tweet rants lately, but you'll see them again :)
Lucky indeed!
i swear that everything will be alright.
Just called Willow "Phillip." Have called her Olive a few times these 3 weeks, too. Almost named her Pippa or Casey.
Now that any #moron can b '#famous', it doesn't interest me as much. Happy to be a few from 15 years getting #paid to do what I love!
Type "do a barrel roll" in google search, ha
#monica singin the #NationalAnthem Here we go
Duly noted!
Nice! What's the time difference there?
Saints got robbed with that TD! What's with it with the refs?
Criminal defense is a lethal game of chess and I am a grandmaster...
Oh Skip Bayless just went racial over the Redskins QBs
Oh yeah, love that show. Just hate when its in DeKalb and see familiar places...Could say the same of The Wire though (lol)
Had to get back to the restaurant, so the wheels didn't come off. Hope to talk shop with you sometime. Love to be on your show
All I want is someone who will stay, no matter how hard it is to be with me.
Fitness Tip: Don't Give it All Back while Away - That vacation you've been planning or the business trip you can't get out of can...
Answering some ADD/ADHD related questions at addforums
sweet dreams peeps(:
Is she moving here?
Chronicle looks like a good ass movie.
Just remember when you're not working on your craft to get better there is always someone out there trying to get what you want
i don't have school tomorrow either!
I'm making good progress on the redesign of the site. I hope to get a functional system up soon. Stay tuned!
It's the sixth inning and has deployed weapons-grade puns.
A terrific line-up of visiting media scholars arrives soon for a critical walk through of the iMAP showcase. Very curious!
Cool. Ya all bowling places turn disco lights and have music on at 9:00
a big happy b-day shout to one of my favorite people ever! Much love!
That's cool, but you're not American.
No one told me I'd have to WALK up the escalator - I want a REFUND!
Hugh's comments on Kellen Moore are racist. See how easy (and irresponsible) that is?!
I know, but he's back! As in, now there will be a new album, following with a tour then a chance to MEET him. omg<U+2665>
Greetings from New Orleans, and many thanks for the follow!
HEY SARA
": Big thank you to for visiting the site and bringing us water." My pleasure!
I thank God upon waking as a matter of habit and I try to remember every day and at every moment as a matter of practice. SR
damn right! Thanks babuh!
I'm from britain hbu?
Thank you, Kimya, for the broadcast. I sent Allen Callaci good thoughts. My favorite singer ever & the sweetest man ever.
I make take you up on it lol
firstly, did that just happen to you?? Secondly, im in the arrow hood all summer !!! Can you say risky business?!?
blow me pussy <33
yes sir
I'm over the ups and downs.
one goal changes everything
That's it. We'll have to settle this NOW. I'll get the car.
I have a crazy ass life .
Well hit us up, haha!
yeee it was good af love the music
There's always enough sunshine for everybody :)
Ok the mall smells like sweat
I knew that... then I had a moment where I couldn't remember shit. Thanks Brayden. You asshole.
Just finished eating BBQ ribs mac n cheese with salad
' Ima be happy one way or another!!
i am your fan and too of bella answer me !(:
Going to sleep early early today!! To damn tired
cinco de swag bus bro
I just signed it
RT : RT : Waiting for the perfect moment wastes precious time.
um did I read that correctly..?
I couldn't agree more
So many great things are about to happen!!! WATCH THIS SPACE!!!
Gotta get ready for the day. Any suggestions on how to wake up?
I do. Come talk to me in the next room. Haha.
*flips hair* :)
No min order & del. fees start at $15. We ask that you call in 24hrs ahead, but we also offer rush del. at about $10-15 extra :)
Good post-game interview Tim #Tebow. Way to handle these questions. You're winning son, you're winning!
Welcome all our new followers. We are expanding our social media to reach a diverse client base. Pass us on to ur friends & stop by soon
dude his tweets are hilarious!
And the Clippers have a chance for all the folks that are doubting.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
is there something up with colston? Or is it just NO sucking a big one?
Let the wind blow you right into the Ale House for some chicken noodle soup! Yup, just like mom used to make :) We open at 4
everything and nothing all at the same time.
i dont know why but i want memphis to win
that's tight
WOW! Rick just got as gansta as Shane. Great premiere! Don't know what I love more, #TheWalkingDead or #Justified. Scripted is back!
One piece of tech: M...iPhone, Leatherman, MacAir, GPS.... I think my iPhone ^Carel
Go !!!!! Keep the dream alive!
Aw! We miss you at Dinner with Ideas! I vote a mini-tea w/ ideas over skype. Thoughts: , , & co?
Please do!
all their songs are catchy and soothing.
do you at least want to know why i think she's ignorant.
daz not nice
Wow. Saturday.
Atlas Systems is now on Facebook! Search Atlas Systems, and become a fan.
Okay, so like, I love your hair.<3
hey, thanks for following me :)
#teamchuck. John wall y'all!!!
nice choice!
Nap time. woke up to early to go to that casting for Wilhelmina Brown Agency.
Yes he has 4 two years
Oh, you're sorted then. It doesn't matter where you live in that case.
RT : Day 4 without caffeine. Have not murdered a single person yet. <- Good on ya, lad :-)
Hey, what's wrong with Pittsburgh?? LOL. I'm a 'Burgh girl through and through :-)
Been so under the weather couldn't even tweet, lol miss ya girl! Happy New Year!!!!
#RedSox #MLB RT Per ESPN: Baseball that rolled through Bill Buckner's legs in 1986 World Series sold at auction for $418,250.
Ok now I got ANOTHER email from the SAME person who thought I was thinking that I'm All Varsity lol
Men are like government bonds, they take so long to mature
You know what's fun? Getting in a car with my wife, not having plans, driving somewhere to spend time together for a weekend. Great Weekend!
Multitudinous, yes. But also more specific and pigeon holed. If its not in your area, may not be in nobody's.
congrats Cheese! So happy for you!
noo not yet I'm way too
i be killing it.
Hello again light blonde hair :)
Rug in dining room - yes or no? I have a 3yo and 7 yo who spill, but I'm thinking an outdoor rug would look nice. Or I could get a dog.
Yes RT : is that where the game is at?
Currently smoking with Danny Brown.
Wow! Just realized I have work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
is my #1 idol shes so humble &amazing
Today is about motivation. Hopefully saying that will motivate me
#DearMonday, Go away.
Virtually all bodily waste products are acidic. The problem is that our body cannot get rid of 100% of the waste products it produces
can I pm u on YouTube
first time in a while. Outside in great weather. I just finished a 2.51 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Warmer weather in #Boston than in San Antonio? 4,000 runners already dropped out because of the heat. Rung 3+ hours in 80°=no bueno.
I woke up this morning with a thousand years of worry on my mind I must have slept on a history book last night :)))))rage
always great to see you. thk u for all of your amazing leadership!
I think Gamel was more sad because his dip fell out.
In awe of 's pun game
Got French chocolate? We do. Bonnet, Guy Roux, Les Chocolats de Pauline, Michel Cluziel, Pralus and Valrhona in stock now! 111 St Marks
The only problem w/ the #Browns draft so far is we REALLY DONT KNOW if these guys will pan out. Anyone who GUARANTEES either is silly.
Hey Detroit, I need your help. Let's "adopt a school" and help our children succeed in life!
wasting electricity using pc . hahaha
About 500 British troops are assembling on the Charlestown Point.
Rollover ax on HWY 13 and Silverbell Road-blocking traffic-State Patrol and Dakota County on the scene
Previous Versions is simultaneously my favorite feature and one that I didn't know existed until it saved my ass just a moment ago
I can get behind Calvin Johnson being on the cover of Madden. Peyton Hillis will only get funnier and more pathetic with time.
Okay this opera man's dead open eyed stare into the camera is creeping me out severely.
DW, Melissa and I just finished dinner at the Mayflower. Spent time with NASCAR legend Marvin Panch and his wife. They are the best folks.
I think i want to go again. thats a sham.
let me know if you want a meal or two preped for these next weeks. No gluten, right?
Solid night with the bros , , Mark, Nick and Hazen.
It was good. Where you from ?
Interior Designers: San Francisco Design Center and ASID's Design Resource Day is tomorrow, Wed, June 8th, 11am—5:30pm...FREE, please come!
LOL. Yay I'm the american daughter woo
you guessed it. I am sufficiently freaked.
one of mine wadded up used toilet paper and threw it in the trash, saying flushing it was bad for plumbing
are you a trash bag? because i'd like to take you out next wednesday (;
I had a meltdown last night over trying to start a business while still working full time. :-( How is it supposed to work????
Our staff is in the UK n England, Just met with the Cheshire Jets management staff and owners about the upcoming Pro Hoops East Coast Review
batman batman
Did you know a Thinsulate lined leather shooting glove loses 30% of its heat in just 9 minutes outside? (33F, 8mph wind).At 59 its painful.
You are welcome! Thanks for dining with us!
Councilmember David Catania is being re-sworn into office as an at-large member
Lol Malik went and cried in a corner <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
RT : #tedxpt has a 2nd talk on TED page. Frans de Waal"s talk went LIVE yesterday. Already at over 100K views!
thanks for the follow! :)
hey hey man, would be cool with seeing if I can help with the WP changes you need :) whats your email? or
.HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! I LOVE U U X X X XX
Thanks for the shout out - please return soon!
Cummings opposes #GOP budget reconciliation bill that would take an additional $80 billion out of pockets of middle-class American families
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that not every class will be easy
Great presentation: Marketing from top to bottom w/ & at
That is creepy, too. But its smarty-pants young male target audience is likely not to be creeped out.
Watching THE LAST DAYS OF LEFT EYE on
very interesting
Ian Stewart will be on during the 9:00 hour...if he's awake! Mile High Sports, AM 1510
finally had to resort to 99 bottle of beer on the wall....got to 28 bottles.....arrrghh!
#UFConFOX awesome fight, lets go Hendricks
WHY CHARGERS ARE UNSTOPPABLE - OFFENSE -- LT & DARREN SPROLES, PHILIP RIVERS AND VINCENT JACKSON...GOOD FOR 28+ EVERY WEEK
im so excited to see 's prom pictures. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
The show is not sold out!! Party.
Well that was entertaining. Think all of my family have sugar rush. Interesting :L
guess what! You are more awesome :)
I show spammers & p*rn purveyors no mercy--block 'em and report 'em.
Thanks for the reminder! Tour Tracker on one monitor, work on the other! Great to work while watching & listening to Phil & Paul.
We all have jobs outside of the OG project, and I for one can't WAIT 'til quittin' time! Anyone seeing any good shows this weekend?
off to bed.. work tomorrow at 6 am
Evict the O's? We can't do that *now*. Don't you know is trying to get a job with them?
Great intereview this a.m. with Phillips. I guess he was inspired just as much as ya'll were!
The best things in life are so simple. Just getting outside, in the fresh air and sunshine, does wonders for mind, body and soul.
God on my heart, money on my mind
Master Of Lions (Video) A man who dares giving foot rubs to a predator!
Well played, sir.
who u talking about cuz
la ink was way better than miami ink and ny ink ugh missin some kat von d on my tv
well that's a whole 'nother kind of shoot...lol!
Ross- marry objective to your means. That's the key to statecraft.
Dear "SEO Specialists", and online marketeers - Posting "news" just now about Charlie Sheen when it's 5 hours late is as LAME as Charlie is.
Boy I hope you hurry cus I'm so anxious so meet me at 11:30 I love it when you talkin dirty , So anxious ....
Thanks For RT!
Not much snow and ice here in Milwaukee. 50+ degrees today.
I probably won't make the pool today, but might be grabbing drinks later - this beer bar in little 5 heard was tops
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Malo - Mexican (live updates)
love you boy
If Scotty mcqueery can win anything is possible
#sljsummit10 e-readers are not solution to improving reading for learning unless they target struggling & new readers plus motivated readers
Umm wait what does your questions range from? Like subject wise?
thinking about a favorite book... what's urs?
U CANT HANDLE DA TRUTH!!!!!
Not able to open this link. Please EMAIL me ASAP @ and I Thank You.
Jerry Gaff of AACU to speak at CHEA's Annual Conf. and Intl Seminar. Read more at www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010_ACIS_Final.asp
Cuoco is in the champagne room. “: didn't get to tell you guys a light blew on set right before show."
A tradition unlike any other, #TheMasters on #CBS. Love hearing that line and the music on this final round Sunday.
I never Knew how much i loved yooh(:
I hate that! I'm going tomorrow to get my nails done broke half of my thumb nail off :(
Austerity policy always seems to be most applied to those who already live most austerely.
If I could bottle the energy of a preschooler I'd be a billionaire.
Obviously. LOL. I dunno, I found Diablo 1 to be a tedious click fest. Very well made click fest, but still, just a click fest.
Just don't give a moose a muffin.
Help me! On a train w a woman who thinks she's in her office making an important and tearful call. What happened to personal space?
Best thing about today is that it's over except for yoga. And I successfully did crow pose over the weekend so yoga is going to rock.
what?! Lol i have no clue what ur talking about.?!
“: Share Your Pot”
haha no! We have the same roll! She's just hungry
I believe there are still tickets left! Show tapes at 6pm - doors open at about 5:45 and close at 6. See you then!
you do realize you left the a out of your middle name right?(:
You know a lot about a guy if he uses baby wipes :)
yeah wish I was doing this when the town was casting
chocolate cake
Well it seems as if common sense is worth a trillion$$ & the average person has $2, Branding has gotten out of control!
Sorry I missed the presentation, heard about it an hour after it was done...
Wow. Well you're smart for your age. Keep it up!
Many thx to Dan Jae Smith, summer graphic design intern from Shepherd, for making us look just a little bit better. Good luck senior year!
Now seems like the perfect time to start theology :)
if idont know a number ido not answer
SHOUTOUT TO KEVIN HART ON ALL-STARS WIT HIS SILLY ASS
I have just add a banner to my avatar
Hanging in the 1st Class SAGA Lounge until boarding. Time for a cocktail!
Then unfortunate
Going to the north shore :)
When life hands you lemons. . .
as if I'd forget you!!! Been thinking about you heaps!!!
Are you on Google+? You can now +1 your favorite poems, short stories, blog posts, etc. at Contrary Magazine! www.contrarymagazine.com
I love you not only for what you have made of yourself, but for what you are making of me
I don't completely get this, but I don't like you either lol
Wolf does something he didn't do all of last year....get an RBI.
What's the address of the 7-11? 's office will get an inspection date from City staff.
Packing for
what happened bro?!
...but, my office went to the beach to work out today. that was nice!
One day there's no hot water; today there's no cold water; guess I should be thankful that we have water. A scalding hot shower is not fun!
AW you guys are SOO CUTE <333
Thank you, Daniel! Looking forward to receiving your book.
“: More music here: ” thank you for the support.
I don't do well up this late.
Oh sh**!! Just heard they gonna have a Meagan good marathon!! Hell yeah!! she got them goodies all right hahaha
K895-2011NYS Resolution - Memorializing Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo to proclaim March 1, 2012 as Early Intervention Day in the State of New York
Sponsors punish Cycling for catching dopers. Testing is expensive and not as frequent or sophisticated as it could be.
#DreadScott, #TrayvonMartin, me, U, our sons? Roger B. Taney still looms: Black man has no rights by which White man is bound 2 respect
Our booth is open! Stop by to say hi and browse some exciting new titles-- booth
On my way to the IAHSS AGM. See you there.
tx for props
He's running for Governor, yet barely speaks English?
serious car accident in Wilberforce broke phone pole in half; police on seen
“: i can't wait to see Wanderlust”
First random fact, Johnny Depp lost his virginity when he was 13.
Nearly a decade later, the murder of one of the most gifted artists I ever studied under still burns like acid. Goddamn people.
Wrapping this pocket Shot web Design. That only took me 2 hours to put together. On to the next project.
thank you sir! about getting upset...if you talk it out you don't have to act it out! have two great days!
is open today from 10am-4pm!
people these days.
Dear #TaylorLautner stop trying to be like #mattdamon in all your films. You're not even of age yet... go do some
:-D RT We distributed iPads to our 1st yr Med students today! Good things in store for our e-learning initiatives!
can you imagine the reaction if someone shouted the N Word at a anti racism rally? Sick stuff. The silence is deafening
: Go check out my band
So it appears I forgot to put +1 down for on the twtvite. Will it be OK with a +1?
RT car to slow. As we pass have time to look into eyes of a tired/broken Voeckler. Tragic doesn't come close to describe.
Phne actin real stupid right now.......
Happy Leap Day! Its one extra day to do all the things you wish you had an extra day for! Right???
Thanks Rory for the kind words!! ! Curious as to who you think are some of the best voices/resources on twitter in makeup?
Kevin says he's ok with snow since Lesley gets earthquakes and Andrea gets hurricanes.
Has anyone read 2 Corinthians 8:10-15 in the Message? Wow!! What a great word for the New Year!!
uh huh! whatever!! :)
If my teachers actually marked me late everytime I came late, i'd be kicked put of the school already
We are working on a recall package for this weekend - profiles of Dem challengers, Q&As, photographs from the campaign trail!
#Coachella2012 the rules are- there are no rules.
I remember when you ripped the Nuggs for bein thugs. But you have Metta "Elbows" World Peace! Role reversal!
I attempt to remain professional at all times. I often fail.
the movie gi joe commercial looks bad ass
Heading down to Ola's!
Happy Founders Day Mu alumnae! Mu chapter brought #LITB to Simpson College for 100 years, starting May 13, 1907.
Wins! Keep it going boys!
I will be there
Vocal editing for one of the new tracks! The part of the process that really tests my patience lol
Woke up to a fire alarm in my hotel. I would have been fine with it but I had not had my coffee yet
Who the hell do you think you are.
ouch. That's the stuff that makes you live the motto
(and of course, now the "follow" button smacks us right in the face).
Hot summer-fall in Oakland, juggling much love and work. Time opens like a triangle in the blue cirrus sky. Post-earthquakes: hummingbirds.
You still haven't convinced me to shave my legs. Therefore...I haven't
That'll do donkey, that'll do.
depends. david blaine kind of magic or siegfried and roy kind of magic?
Reasons why im wierd- I sniffed a marker (do not do)
I love my best friend I think I am the luckiest person because I can call her my bffe!
True friends never give up their strong bond with you because of a time of awkwardness...disagreements... & worst of all miscommunication.
Hey, I'm a producer for Fox 8. I would like to talk with you about the rally. Hit me back up on here or call 216-432-4240
App to app video is a powerful feature for apps.
Dreams are the touchstones of our character
please don't tell me you go every day lol
I'm reading it now. :(
Was that a #Chevy ad or a #twinkies ad??
The Lord is my role model!
First rehearsal for Fond Farewell is tonight! :)
The Texas Rangers scare the hell out of me.
Bored? 'cmon guys, let's followe --- her tweets ROCK! ;] :]]] xoxoxo. :p
Good morning world. Busy day today. Music Video shoot in the day. Teach 3 classes @ night. Maybe the Music Awards? Or maybe not.
what does Blu Ray have to do with this? Stay on target Luke.
someone come wash my car, I'll give you a present!
lol nigga please! Fuck them lions tigers and bears...u bustin any moves yet??
While y'all are gettin high, I'm working on a future.
Oh my urge to play Sims right now...
Everyone mad about Michael Bay's TMNT reboot: It's a franchise centered around mutant ninja turtles. How much dumber could he make it?
Celebrate Independence all week. The Healing Joint is giving $10 off all services through July 11th. Call 480-214-4970 for an appointment.
I usually use Notepad++ on PC, but for Mac and free, try Textwrangler. Other than that, the rest I use are paid for :-(
Yup, Populazzi's mine. Would love if you could find it there!
If you're a great rapper, why not have a dope beat and hook. That doesn't make you "pop"....It means you want a great song.
Ilike being in the darkness cos no one know that im crying..
who is we? What jersey do you wear? Smh. You are talking like Denver a pushover.
even more than one season of this type of schedule
RT : Are you sure it's India and not pregnancy? Do we need to talk? :) / exactly my initial thought too.
is your Papa giving you $?!
Absolutely! I love it because it reminds me of my rewards for working out.
AND- a lot of famous celebrities come here to shop in the Galleria area. That, and they come to visit the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo.
Out looking at properties, then a great REIA meeting tonight!
Prosciutto made from duck - it's been known to show up on pizza with
you have the coolest username ever, I can't wait to check out your blog :D
- Are you coming to the El Rey on 11/11? - would love to see your face! xo
Heading to hall H to hear blow my mind. cc
Working on making a visual recipe index for the blog on Pinterest. Whew, never knew we cooked so many different dishes in the last 6.5 yrs!
#swseaedu And the winner of Startup Weekend EDU is Text2Teach! Congratulations!
Ugh. Just my luck. wake up late-hairs a mess. Printer jammed-Late for class. Starts raining-no umbrella. #woot -_-
I'm Happy everyone like's mixtape. He worked very hard to give you guys some music to hold y'all over until the albums is done.
#lsuuga the honey badger takes what he wants
had a dream that I was competing in some sort of room decorating challenge last night...
it's quite excellent. Best thing Crowe's made since the 80s
It's been a great night, some surprises, some disappointments, but still the best awards show! Good night!
Have a wonderful holiday everyone! Dance into the new year 2011!
Thank you for the support! RT : #charitythursday:
Ron Paul wants supporters to know that even when he dies he will continue to run for president, so continue to donate. Ron Paul 2082.
Thats one of several examples we looked at. SD's will be as comprehensive as we can make it to protect our neighborhoods
": hell no!!! NEVER!!" Every girl wants him!
Doesn't have to be "retributive," but part of the ethic of generosity. Collaboration & attribution go together
last I heard it was 2-2
Screw Winter, I want to be warm. #whereareyousummer?
fill me in on this Ezria thing? I missed something, lol
Lol i want a date to the fair :o is it too late to ask Dx?
I just saw The Trip. As a fellow Anglophile, I think you would like it a lot :)
New Record Review: DeRosa Music "Packing My Bags" coming next week!
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Q: Favorite thing about a guy? Like The sexy body or amazing personality.
both sound great! Please save me one!
Whoa... Pitbull said something smart? RT Pitbull Says Music Business is '90 Percent Business, 10 Percent Talent'
Play hard & do your best, success will follow
If i cn smell it den baby ion put it in my mouth
drinking some theraflu now this tastes awful!!! unlike the tasty honey cough drops.....
I appreciate all of my followers - thank you for following my twitter page and blog :)
I never get tired of the halal food truck on 27th and Madison.
drunkies come visit
Licking is not cuddling!
sorry for you honey
Staring at pictures of my girls and then the sunshine outside - I want to go play with them. This being a #workmom sucks sometimes.
WHAT'S THE NUMBER?!? ;)
I watch the T.V, forget what I'm told. Well I am too young and they're too old.
Getting ready to hit up the gym in a little bit.
Also a different situation because there's no "owner," and a significant portion of the reserve fund was put into effect.
Rock n' roll!
Three? The first one was excusable; the second, douchey; the third is just plain wrong.
My neighbor is getting railed right now. I can't believe I can hear this through our 100+ year old plaster walls.
#Foundation #Progression #Hungry Itz Alleyway TO Broadway..
18.5 seconds left and the Canucks score?!? Are you kidding me?!?
how is Ally
The Angler's now is on INSTAGRAM. Make sure to follow us: anglersboutiqueresort
We are his portion & he is our prize, drawn to redemption by the grace in his eyes;If his grace is an ocean,we're all sinking.
A baby is born with a need to be loved - and never outgrows it.
just woke up and its so sunny! <U+2600>
I'm sensing that it's time for a sequel to the Bat argument(s)...
Glad to hear you both enjoyed it!
YOU GUYS!!! YOU ARE MAKING ME FANGIRL kalshjashalkjshahs THIS IS NOT HEALTHY AT ALL! SHAJKAHSKAJH PURE CUTENESS
Need More Followers To Help Teenagers With Their Problems.
thank you for the folow, let us know if we can be of service to you in your future travels
Sending good thoughts your way in regards to your mom-easy to do since you were so nice Sat/Sun. Will send more pix.
i do:-)lol
Wait, is it today? Or yesterday?
you're a lucky one
I can't remember a season or postseason of football more annoying than this one.
Up listening to some old school music
Eating the saltiest foods I can find in the house: edamamme and pot stickers. I need to remember Nuun or Gatorade, not just H20 for hot yoga
rooting for the wrong team, smh
lucky you! Out here in Milwaukee it's pretty dreary, 40 degrees and cloudy dropping to the 30's tonight... Catch a ride for us!
woo! Now we know Bri wants Andre :) Chrisy for Alex I'm guessing :)?
Grandma teared up when the Mariachi we got surprised her. Those are the moments. Happy Mothers day!!
Little by little I am trying to overcome technology ignorance. Just posted a couple of pix from my jewelry collection on twitpic.
they do indeed! I would recommend it!
The Bills FB page posts a photo of Ryan Fitzpatrick & fam at Niagara Falls. Immediately, someone asks, "Why are they on the Canadian side?"
RT : i hope you hit for lunch while u r there :) got all my stuff to make pizza there today, love that place!
It's amazing how dudes can take care of Jordan's, but can't take care of a girl.
Beautiful day to walk or run through the park!
That is pretty freakin' cool! I like it.
#fake1Dquotes "I love spoons." -Liam
Wouldn't this latest redesign present the perfect opportunity for twitter to change the heading to "Whom to follow"?
yeah, they've been faithfull to the books so far
they'll be 4 dl well over 50% of the time. Personnel says.
Breaking: diner lunch special at mndot cafeteria is gyro sandwich....taking a chance on this before my haircut at capitol barber
We appreciate the follow! Thank U! :-)
As well you should. But I only after go people I meet online who live far away from me. Proximity is so groce.
Yea I'm the reason y u always getting faded
I really would have liked a box lunch today. Pulled pork instead.
'Vampire' is SO 2010, perhaps an 'Occupy Bat Mitzvah' would be more timely....
true. with a Jets jersey. no plastic surgery needed
thank you and good night!
The Brothers Grimm
This twitter app is Still tripping for some reason... I reinstalled it.. still didn't help..
¤To leap over a wall of self, to look through another's eyes- is a valuable experience. This is what #literature offers...
September is when I'd fly out.
Had a Dream about him already.. Lol damn
darn it you caught me!
treble: women ain't nothin' but.
Normal in the macro sense.
haha shut up
Miss World 1994,Aishwarya named one of world's Best Dressed Celebrities.
subway worker recognized me n gave me 10 percent off! right when I was feeling awesome his girlfriend came in and got everything 4 free.
We're so happy with this year's #bloodybrunch holiday fundraiser...everything is coming together swimmingly! Can't wait to see ya! :)
I just told my friend congratulations on passing the parasite phase of her pregnancy.
ouch, I drafted Mateo, Lubanski and Hurley. Traded something to you for Restovich. Pettite?
he left some guy picked him up in a car lol
You could probably get away with not wearing pants in rehab. Prison? Na'smuch.
That is nice to know :)
First night in 2 yrs I'm living alone in this condo. Who wants to move in? #sdsu # roommates
Got a show March 6th at Mr. Smalls tickets are $12 message me if you wanna go we can deliver tickets.
Yes! RT : totally agree "I hven't substituted conversation for connection-hve increased former through later
Watching hurricane season
#FIXECONOMY #Ethanol_Subsidy bad - drives food cost up, damages engines, reduces mpg, increases pollution, Corps & Norquist Love it.
#FCPA. 2012 Q1 is in the books and is on pace with prior year enforcement & resolved actions. What to expect? Stay tuned!
Remember those who served our country to keep us free and out of harms way.
You're an Indiana fan?
Random Haiku - New Life: First light pierces night/Sky empties of liquid dark/A new life is born
Off to London for the Royal Wedding...and Paris for the weekend!
because your not cool :~))) lol jk
Singing again.
It was awesome for the first half RT : MSG kid
Toshiba Debuts Monstrous 13-Inch Tablet [PICS]
He shot the ball 10 times in the 1st quarter....selfish!!!
Go to the website. Look at the sponsors. This wouldn't have happened without them. Attend at least one of their events.
I really need to keep up with my school work. Senioritis is killing my grades...
Apparently :/ RT : Wait a minute. Cousins can get married in North Carolina but same sex couples can't?
thanks for the RT!
#bulls let's ride out d.rose injuried come onn
I think your piece was really balanced and nuanced, hence good feedback. That said +
New Bobby Broom Trio CD, "Upper West Side Story", drops May 15! The jazz guitarist's first recording of totally original material!!
all i want in life is chipotle
#CutThatMeatinDenver Christmas in March, come on Manning!
RT : I'm really a cool nigga yall I swear.
i want chinese food.
Looks dope boss...when you land back in the Bay Area?
At another wedding, playing guess the tramp stamp ...
lol, i thought so...
Lose yourself by is really god!(:
Digging the music babe! Keep it up!
Now following back
ewww i don't like pop evil xP
Enjoying the match? I am!
Any chance the tosses a VIP ticket to Olympian for tonight's game??? Show this guy some love!!!!!
Good Kool-Aid is to cycling what faith is to religion ": I'd be a lot happier if I could just find the right Kool-Aid to drink."
yeah - he plays the best maybe-to-total-schizophrenic. See also: Revolutionary Road
Oops, instead of "faculty board" I wrote "faulty board." It's clearly almost five pm.
Hahah yes i do.... are you going to buy those shorts?
gotcha thought it was free lol I could but you know it's not in the budget. (Dave Ramsey voice)
Bah! Foiled again!
Book your party 5/5 and receive $100 in free product!!
Good morning.. #workFLOW << Beatmakin . . & Recording today
: Got them!
message me who you think i'm talking about lol
James Kane, keynote speaker at LMA 2012 says gaining loyalty is the new key to success. "Satisfaction is a mood - loyalty is a behavior."
IM SO BORED.
Do not want to loose a hour of sleep. I am going to be a very groucy person tomorrow...:(
it doesn't hurt that bad its just that its so swollen I can barely see
*Does search of every well funded companies and adds to investor deck*. This is how it's done, right?
#teamfresh my birthday is Sunday! Spare one second of the Superbowl and wish me a happy birthday? That would just make my day!
hey everybody, its me ashley, just wanted to let you know that i am working on #NEWsongs and hope to be able to start post vids on youtube!
Why are people so deceiving? More importantly, why do we trick ourselves into thinking that their deceiving actions are okay?
Wow!! People on my TL aren't so happy today.... I feel bad but keep that stuff off Twitter!
“: Is the Japan game being televised tomorrow morning?” yes sir, you can watch it on ur comp via MLB.tv #letsgoM'S!
who else has break this week? :P
Amazing thanks to Pilar Andujar for organizing a great show today! It felt great to be on stage with her!
That little skeleton doodle on the booth table in the Brew is cute, but who in the world has time to draw that?
Wonder which is worse....being overwhelmed with paperwork or keeping up with technology....think I prefer technology...got an IPad yesterday
LOL #Disney<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>RT: wtf is the girl next to me listening to.... "can u be my bff cause idk what's coming next... ttyl xoxo" omg
Wishing I was back home. Missing the family terribly.
I even told her I was comin to see her and didn't
Fuuuuu gonna look like shit today :p
Say "civil rights, women's rights, gay rights, human rights, religious freedom, community responsibility" and #GOP says "screw that"
"A leader leads by example not by force." -- Sun Tzu
:) RT : My daughter is a new driver. Hopefully, she will still let me go to CC practice with her now that she can drive herself.
I'm sore today after taking my daughter to the park and chasing her around. I also tried unsuccessfully to teach her how to ride a bike.
Yes! There is nothing like seeing all those happy dogs running around.
Today is the perfect storm to have a great session at
Air quality warning for San Antonio today. Don't breathe if you can help it.
follow me
1 More Day Then Off 2 NYC!!! :) I'll miss you Jacksonville...catch you on a visit......
the problem is I laughed too hard.
2 more days til the big show in LA..Hit me for tickets I got 10 left..Dnt 4get New Years D$Pimpn,, Quik Performin in LA
FURNITURE SALE !!! EVERTHING MUST GO!!!!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
no, but it sounds wonderful. We will have to go to Santorini very soon.
most don't use them very often (they're for making a sharp fold in paper) & I think some/most are actually plastic anyhow
my mission should always be to piss someone off
any y'all wanna get breakfast haha
#np MAMAS WORST NIGHTMARE !!! "i know loving you is so wrong" ;)
ops my bad, my phonr did retweet that!
Had a great chat with Lydia from about Disney princesses. Can't wait to see the article! °o°
we got to spend time together brotha!
My leg hurts
Genuine, outgoing articulate, lively. GOAL for finding the people who are telling your story.
What is on your Cubano?
Finish it off with the barnyard Engler stacked the judiciary with... All #GOP mandated, all devastating...
Here we go! Go Donald!!
me but I have school tomorrow ;/ so goodnight ! (:
lol nice comparison
amen that.
Spring is here! Check out our Food Truck Lots for lunch: &
I hate it when lil ass kids have cell phones, who the hell you gonna call Dora?
Damn, cant believe dat fuckin lost, (damn, now I'm bout 2 lose bout 25 bucks) days fucked up (I had faith in dat team)
haha ohh I see guy! hahha I meant more like aggressive inline haha I like roller hockey hahah
I'm going to walk the dog. Hope it doesn't rain until I get back
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good. -Joe Paterno
you better. we're there for you too!
Alright I just text you :) <3
and you drove off with it haha!
Just attended the Social Media and Sports panel at Bloomberg Hdqtrs. Thanks to the panelists for their insightful info.
Lunch from today? Yes, please!
Doesn't look like it.
everything on that list looks like it can be done by a teenaged son or two.
or Frank Drebin
i'll have to try that sometime. which tones do you like best?
Beautiful Day in Cleveland. Great day to see the #tribe take on our Ohio rivals.
well most "important" games come out for consoles and mobile devices. One is an Apple market, the other MSoft
yeah it makes no sense, especially when they make their own snow.
Roclyfe has hit 1500 followers in 2 1/2 weeks and growing...We thank everyone for their support!!
You're a falling star
Give me the rules again for taking photos at the Schermerhorn? Don't want to get tossed out, you know?
I wana go swimming
And 's fight in the Socratic seminar>>> hahahahaha
YES!!! I finally have a reason to celebrate!!!
My cat just scared the crap out of me Dx
Wreck my car, its cool. Burn my house down, I was insured. Make me spill my weed in the carpet, OH HELL NAH U BOUT TO GET SHOT
k what's this about Miley being dead..?
If I see the aurora borealis tonight, I would be the happiest man.
good tv on my dvr - Mad Men. Can't wait to see the season opener. Try the Voice - great show!
Who has tried out the new #Tampico20oz? What do you think, awesome right! :)
RT :Like God's will, righteousness may be detoured, diverted or delayed, but can never be denied.
We'll be there soon!
We're all tied at the half, 0-0 with No. 6 #UCF at the #FIU soccer stadium. 2nd half about to begin in 6 minutes.
#Actors and #Theater people! is giving away a prize package to the person who can come up with the best
My pleasure! RT : | Thanks for a great meeting this morning! The future is bright!
Come see us at the bar! “: Starting the day off right w Ango Eye Opener at official bar #MCC2012”
I wanna catch feelings for you...
I think about this all the time, whenever I don't apply to a month- or semester-long fellowship...
They wanna use you and abuse you
you aced sophomore literature, didn't you?
Just saw Jeff, Who Lives at Home. So good! Only cried twice.
I didn't get to go.... :-( do you think you guys will come to Spokane, WA sometime?! I love you guys so much!!!<3
Re-watching The Innkeepers! Still scary!
Hey Brother..... how has rehab progressed? Will you be in training camp ready to go?
perhaps you should acquire them first!
your brother is about to ingest an entire cow...
Syracuse Basketball Icon Jim Boeheim Joins Cellceutix to Fight Cancer - MarketWatch (press release)
would've been nice. Got time this week?
omfggg... what where?!?
Had a great and inspiring meeting with the heads of CLED here at Georgetown to talk about new ways to engage our international students
Mos these mofos u see on first 48 is yungins smh sad is they ain't even gettin to enjoy life cause they end up spendin it in jail
gonna take her for a ride on a big jet plane,
f that
Nights like this make me very grateful for the ppl the lord has allowed in my life... #TOPheavy #FWO ...Fxck Yo Team!!!
ooowwww this beautiful i like :333 you have facebook, msn ???
Hector Santiago is the #WhiteSox Opening Day closer. Unreal. RT : Matt Thornton is up in the pen. Here in the 7th.
Hates when Twilight movies look semi-decent
its a scary world.
Thanks! And I'm glad you had a great time. I know I did.
My mom says there are a lot of black people in Africa.
training tonight.
Today was a good day
Maybe if I wasn't an only child it would be easier to live with others
Tablib, multi-sheet excel export took 10 mins to write and works great. Figuring out tablib.Dataset(title='title') saved me.
Bout to see how clutch Z-Bo is.
Katie, It looks pretty good so far. What do you think?
I'll go check them out. This must be very exciting for you!. Dreams coming to fruition. Wonderful!
"arent we a little old for toys?" "it says eight and up. Thats us!"
barring any unforeseen meltdown Ocean will see some longevity imho. rest of those shwacks better update there resumes though
Need another laptop or smartphone or IPad or kindle. 3 kids & 3 devices means I'm sometimes left with nada... but maybe that's a good thing
I've caught myself mentally grumbling that I can't scrobble soundcloud tracks, CDs in my car, and vinyl—eek.
In Miami, tomorrow leaving for Cuba.
you have said it. it is done. :) “: I want to move to NYC.”
Don't forget to fill out the Entry form to win the $100 Visa card!
No Doubt!
is that where you are from too?
Friday night in with some of the best friends a girl could ask for!
Pure Poetry: Expressive thought read, from the mind of the poet. Dreams flow from the heart.
Good as it gets Cody Simpson
thanks for the follow!
Just got your message!! I love it! Thanks!
What? The Legend of the Honey Island Swamp Monster is not available to watch instantly on Netflix?
First I park my car, then I fuck your bitch.
no, just audience. It was great fun!
That awkward moment when someone asks you who Austin Mahone is and your just standing there like -_- REALLY?
We're still taking applications...which are located on our website!
It's as much a literary and existential experience as a game. I kinda sniffled at the end :(
“: u in Detroit yet?” just landed! Tell Dorinda to come get me!
you say that as though bad clams are a frequent occurrence. ;-)
Ride with Lance Sweepstakes ends on MONDAY! Make sure you enter TODAY at www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance!
Can we move to LA now? Please and Thank You.
that. is. so. awesome.
Love estimated tax time. Doesn't EVERYBODY?!
no good news yet. Surgery in january I hope got lots of living to do.
Safe House was insane.
no school!
You could just drive to Elizabethtown and stop at the Wendy's. I'm sure they'd all be there.
HOT TAMALES MAKE YOU JOLLY
Thanks! We're glad to be back.
call me homie
My Internet and cable were down. I missed Raw. Woke up in the middle of the night. I saw videos and already know what happened.
#codeacross Mayor candidate Bonnie Dumanis (San Diego DA) v involved w working groups building open-source Apps 4 San Diego & future success
Tragedy is a nice reminder that punk is not dead
Happy BDay old dude lol j/k you should try to be Detroits' Coach I think your what the city needs.
": Happy Birthday and love you guys!!! Be safe today!!!"
Same to you. We look forward to the relationship that is taking place.
Envy All Star Cheer opens in Union Grove
Holy shit, I don't get Twitter at all, but thanks for the props, Atiff
So wait, you ninjas ain't planking anymore?!
I know! Crazy!
WARNING: a man with night vision goggles is never too far away
nothing much you?
bubble bath (:
Yall know, before, Matt was really skinny tho.
Lol. My phone would crack all the way .
No, I don't want to talk about my religious beliefs while waiting for the train. And no, I'm not polite enough to say otherwise.
man whenever I'm in LA it's the only thing I hate about LA the traffic out there is so bad. Worst than NY
Giving this a try: I've just been told that the #Bills Fred Jackson signed a two-year, $8 million extension that can be more w/ incentives.
Bummer about the unprofessional comments. There is a thoughtful way to disagree. Can often lead to great discussion.
the girlfriend of the creator of , left fake cock roaches in her roomate's shower! great #prank! :-)
getting on that right now! ;*
ha. The tweet of a thousand puns! Thanks. This will be a fun little trip. Fermented horse milk is what I'm hanging for
drive yourself over to the west orange 5 to see the avengers in 3D with m and ? Starts at 4
And if there's not, I sense a new business idea...
Here is a hint.... from Dade City RT : Question #1: What famous tennis player is from Pasco County?
Edict from the grave?
is it weird that im ready for the olympics ?!
Please RT to a big Happy Birthday! She is a huge Pysch fan! Congrats on season 7.
Supplies are up, demand is down and the prices are constantly going up. It must be nice to be in the oil business.
Forecast for Wednesday: Mostly cloudy with a chance of showers in the morning. Then partly sunny with a slight chance...
haha I can side with them. I don't really like Bieber. I think he's getting to old and over talked about.
Did you guys here that you can be in Hopes High's new music video!? Ask me how!
Love this! Via : Mon sets the tone for your week. Generate repeat & new sales early your likely to have a stud week vs a dud.
hah! RT No. That 'Faucold' guy did not invent the 'habitus of power.' For the love of my red pen, NO. <sobs quietly>
Shows where characters are perceived as your friends are the best characters to engage via social --
": You can leave the I but the I would never you leave u my nigga" couldn't have said it better myself
Please fight back on this Etch a sketch nonsense!! O's gay marriage flip flop & obvious political calculation should totally end!
Floyd is the best fighter of all time an 2012Jlove is next in line!!!!!!!!!
Your 4 core beliefs: belief in the company, the product, the industry, and yourself to be successful in business. "mlm big money"
You, , are swell! Ahead of me learning about My pups would lick your face!
THANK YOU to all of our supporters tonight :) our event was a true success.
Forrester reports most consumers interact with at least 2 marketing touch points prior to making an online purchase; build a consumer path.
oh haha, and the plot thickens. thanks for filling me in! :)
I will be there, i think i know where it is
"It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor." --Max Eastman - writer, philosopher and activist
Men Are From Foursquare, Women Are From Facebook | MarketingProfs Daily Fix Blog...
#occupyla needs someone homebound to google-map reports of cops staging at lots, stations, parks, etc. 2 many rumors. need real recon.
Whatss up Deezy? Hows Cali been treatn ya? Get pumped for another buffalo reunion in the near future!
I'm assuming they can't be that great in bed - so I'll have to make them feel special - o you mean the nomination ;)
use the gas cap. Fits perfectly in there to hold it down.
Checkout my music at soundcloud.com/MW
Don't Forget to Wave !
You know somethings up when people are telling you more about witches and demons in church then the word of God!
awww I really wanted to do that. That sounded so cool. But heyy guys whats up?
EVERY DAY IM SHUFFLING!!!!! c:
come on #saints, lets put some points on the board
mine too in South Haven, MI. I just heard from a friend in Chicago, who is having same problem.
412-915-8408! It would be a great surprise for my husband David. Triple dog dare yah!
Come on out tonight for Beauty and the Bitch...Show starts at 9pm. $5 Pinnacle Martinis and $5 House Mooritas.
Hey there! I actually know a bunch. Just sent you a DM—let's connect.
Lick my ballsack! ;) What are you at missy?
Jimmy Damon signed with the tribe........sweet
I took steroids just so I could star in children films - The Rock
Tattoos on this ...
Let's make it happen! -BF
You're right, William. We'll try to make sure it gets mentioned in future articles. Thanks!
Lml owell im still repin for team prodigy whether he got twerked on or not. He goa live his life too. Its to short anyways
Please follow
I was hoping 6 pack of old style and a bag of balls
First day #home. Time to catch up with my city. #LoveMiami Oh and unpacking.
is my Besty on twitter although she wouldn't let me copy her Spanish :(
4 more weeks and Cameron will be here. I got my shit together and i did it at light speed...or so I think lol
Thunder storms <<<
ooh I need ur love babe, guess u know it's true, hope u need my love babe just like I need u :-)
come join the "Halloween With Moiko" Party www.blogtalkradio.com/moikorecords.recording academy artists may send a song
Municipal Waste - You're Cut Off
Even If you dont care about something you should at least pretend to care if it makes the person you're with happy.
dang dani.. Im not perfect im still working on my anger
Nope, but last night I ate mutton. I'm not even quite sure what that is exactly.
image of the the same lady who married Yusef Ben Ali York?
I keep forgetting that there aren't microclimates here. The weather at my apt actually isn't 20 degrees different than the weather at work.
Can't wait for swamp people to come back on
Can't sleep bc of sun, can't walk bc of no sleep, maybe hot shower & café con leche is the answer,wrked all week! Luv what we did & luv home
Had a pretty healthy day!
you probably won't see this tweet but i just wanted to say that i love u and u r my inspiration&if u have time plz follow me)
Somebody who is funny or somebody I respect favorites and/or retweets my tweet.... #MustHaveDoneSomethingRight :')
It's #MuseumMonday! What am I doing? Stalking #aam2012 on my tweetdeck.
I want to work at a Chinese restaurant so I can always eat Chinese food. (:
great advice :)
Oh no, I think I'm getting sick :(
Working in the home office today, saw Darlene off at the airport for her conference at Vegas, and recouping from YMCA Tennis Tournament.
Dale earnhart jr did will today
if we get that devil in tebow again then we got this, and if Fox and Elway let him do him then we would really be straight
Livewire 2: On Fire, new music festival happening now at UMBC - Tanosaki/Richards Duo tonight - bit.ly/tFCe1
thanks man!! Working on a lot more legit stuff, gonna release it soon do stay in touch for sure!
Best Friday the 13the ever. New redacting project starting today with 10 #paralegals! Two new gigs starting Monday. Life is grand.
We already have over 200 RSVP's for FetFest2012!
Nice to tweet with you again as well! I've been busy but well. How about yourself?
RT Bring in #Race4theCure Bib on Saturday and we'll give u 10% off ur order 2 say THANKS for Supporting !
Hey! I'm not at school! :D
“: Hold up Hold up Hold up Hold up Hold up Talk 2 the mofo hand... U talkin to a grown a** man”- LoL
#illpunchyouintheface is trending and & get into it. Hilarious
Thanks for RT-ing
. article on coaching: John wooden used to have players practice putting on their socks. Details create success.
following your tweets here at #NCPH, would love to say hello in person!!!
Yea i get it..but i dont agree
when you're at it just make sure you make her look less like a mouse.
Seriously need iPad tutoring. Hit something and all my icons are dancing
lol! Make me! How'd you even know I was awake!? Haha
#glee tonight has made me strangely nostalgic and melancholy...
reports: #Rollins sentencing expected within minutes
So, was that a Sophie's Choice for the Academy?
Cant ever sit confortable in a bus seat without hurting the persons back infront of me with my knees.
Ok bacl to the game. Heat lets show them what killer instinct ia about. Got the foot on their necks, lets crush it
naw man I go hard
I will be so thankful when this season of sheep rain has passed!
Happy Easter!
Shut your face you stupid cunt , sorry for the french , people are just so stupid it blows my mind .
Searches that led to my site: interesting business news; more money for us-fuck you; did tony larosa poop his pants in third game of series
Thanks Blue, we'll take it
Mostly red herring. Copyright protects expression, and if signif overlap among versions, then herring!
ok if that is what it is I take back my previous statement... that is a health hazzard
getting starbucks with my girls &
See y'all mañana
I love Hugh Burns!
The Village Idiots
Not good multi-tasking: grading midterms while watching *Taxi Driver* with Schrader's commentary playing. Movie too good not to watch.
It was supposed to be. Sometimes they get away.
a bunch of my brother's friends posted on Facebook about how classless UC was. I couldn't tell if they were serious or not.
Its hard to imagine anyone opting for these GOP neanderthals. My husband supports Obama and he's a Republican.
I cld totally see 2million Coming to dinner and Gates VC having a lot to say to one another.
Would u please tell Bobby Knight we all hate him too!?
I have to say, the thing I miss most about not living in Austin anymore is not being close to
Everybody follow
Where's the sun?
I need a babysitter now before I hurt my kids!
It's strange to root for Harvard and feel like you're rooting for the "underdogs."
I know, me too.
What a great weekend of #NFL football... Looking forward to some great bowl games tomorrow!
best quote of the day!!!! the world will stop if this happens, and #Marchmadness will be
Waiting in line in the bank..krikkrik
shut up I love you
What could be the most important #media complement to your #advertising campaign? Have you looked at Out-of-Home?
Done. But only because you asked so nicely.
MSMQ on overlap problem—how you feel re: still taking about it says where you fall on divide btwn utilitarian models & modeling for own sake
i just got home from mexico, Happy Easter everyone!!!
..much thanks .. and yes i think u guys have talked to my agent
who's going w you guys? won't answer my txts
Shouts out for a dope release party & cd..currently in rotation in the changer yes!
Hahaha, don't forget to tag his Twitter handle!
I was on my level today at the race!!
The Single Life #189 - Balls, Balls, Balls!
you gon find out:p And all he gotta do is grab you hands and I get you feet and we carry ya:p You WILL do track rich girl:)
that's exactly what I'm about to grow back
You're very welcome!
Kay :D RT : let's go to the store(:
screen protectors are for chumps.
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf you criticize people's tweets, we tweet what we wanna tweet.
Shout out to my buddy who is coaching his first varsity baseball game tonight (as head coach)!!
praying the Spirit fills and sustains you with this long weekend that's ahead! Thankful for you and your heart!
IT'S #ART ALL NIGHT TONIGHT IN THE VILLE. 12 straight hours of #art & music from dusk to dawn. Hope to see yinz there!
Wow, back to Twitter after a few months off. Pretty Sweet to be back.
haha you sad, strange little man . U have my pity! Lol jk! Cuz I'm freakn hyper!!! >_<
I read the 1st 2 in the trilogy because it was blowing up my newsfeed. quite a naughty read!
There's a little truth behind every "Just Kidding", a little knowledge behind every "IDK" and a little emotion behind every "I Don't Care"
A manager is responsible for the application and performance of knowledge. -- Peter Drucker
He works in creative services- audio & video creation and editing, graphic design, stuff like that.
Is Hot rel to Watch American Idol OnlineFollow back me
hit my line won time!
Finally! "Quincy, M.E." (1976-83) is on Netflix!!
We have nationwide LDPE pricing that is above Market for all Grade A FILM
Can't believe I almost missed what would be Kurt Cobain's 45th birthday today... 15 yr old would be so pissed at me.
Thanks for doing your part
Pretending to ignore the person you like but deep inside you're fully aware of what they're doing.
Total nesting mode
I thought today was going to be a good day... I guess i was wrong.
are you doing that thing today?
haha pirate ships aren't normal?? RT either my eyes are playing tricks on me or there is a pirate ship sailing by on the Hudson
that shit be horrible dawg.... It ain't even surprising no more
If you don't laugh when you watch Ace Ventura, you're dead inside.
Nah I'm thinking bout how I waisted my $1 on this nasty Sweet Tea today!Lmao...and I wanna move back to Atlanta so that doesn't help
Love this! RT : Sam And Dean are Cliffs bodygaurds
Such an awesome show last night! So happy to have been apart of it! Now headed back to Maryville <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Lil homie. In the room, in in the room
Boston, Boston, I'm a wee bit tired of Boston. Hm, I think I'll write a song.
Tony #Scheffler gone from the #Broncos. I didn't know that it was fire sale season for the Broncos.All they get is a 5th round.
Drink Clean & Go Green! Purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at your nearest select Walmart stores
loves lazy Sunday mornings.
#nw watchin think like a man!
I'm pretty sure this has been the most emotionally draining week I've had in a long time.
That is unbelievable news!
Down 2-0 in the 7th inning MG scores 3 in the bottom to beat Wisconsin Lutheran.
Hell no they're not! ;) Haha jk
it's not like Hart is Tim Raines
Spend time worrying about how to be useful, not successful ~ Drucker's advice to Collins
Stand up for your principles...even if you have to stand alone.
How did you find this lol
Got wished a happy Yom Kippur by my dry cleaners this AM - guess Diaz is a really Jewish name in the Upper East Side??
Bey . Duh > RT In Obsessed who do you think one that fight the white girl or Beyonce?
I just saw it too!
For some reason my son is able to skype from my laptop. What's up with that?
Get 5% Off on Concerts, Sports and Theatre Tickets, Use Discount Code "STUB0710" @ www.stubonline.com
i been here almost a year
Thank you for follows!
I am just curious do u know the longest u have ever held a note 4 when singing?? XOXOXO
Thank you so much!
Cant wait for eric church!
"did we just become bestfriends?" "YEP." "you wanna go do karate in the garage?" "YEP."
I get to see Santana tomorrow (((:
I hate arguing with you..
RT : Now on board with ! Thank you to Michelle for the great advice & guidance. That's how it's done!
LUCKY!! & I bet the principles way better too
well you didnt even know I always kept looking in your eyes...
Students who see intelligence as something that can change/grow are more likely to be successful.
I want someone thats DTF. Dedicated, Trustworthy and faithful.
Alyza Lewin 1st Cmndmnt doesn't apply. Spinoza intoxicated by God. Issue is whether discussion of God belongs in public forum.
I wouldn't mind my 5am wake ups IF I got to sleep from 10pm to 5am.
And fate is one thing, The strongest of us can't fight
Eric and I are planning a trip in July that involves a stop in DC :) :) :)
Headed out to proctor
I watched Eddie Izzard Dress to Kill in entirety tonight. Very good, very long. Had to see what was going on at an hour.
ooh, almost forgot! Profit share is one of my most favorite days of the month!
lol one thing I hate about Alex's younow is all the tweets sent to my phone!!
Critical to quality check the bacon. We want only the best for our students! Thanks for keeping us stocked.
Happy Birthday bro!
Sex is your business.
Thanks for the follow! :)
Why does ranch taste so good with pizza?
girl ive been doing the same thing! Listening to all of Justins old songs <3 ah I love him.
love this! Mantra for my first half marathon this weekend!
Awesome show tonight !
DeMaio is told "no more props"
so I went on a pretty cool hike today, except it took us almost 2 hours to finish and only an hour to get back....doesn't quite add up
Barack Obama becomes first president to host a Twitter town hall: James K Polk will be very upset that he didnt win this honor
i mean...i guess it's nice i just didn't think it was her thannngg
I hate to admit it the #Caps are terrible.
RT : *Q4. *When it comes to accessories of any kind where is your favorite place to shop? cc
Metta World Peace really is the epitome of a real n***a.
#sexfact 69 is da best sex postion.Its the best of both worlds. Gettin head & givin it. Ride my face while I fucc yo throat from up under.
OnRoute Digital Media launches mobile platform “BreadKrum” with the New York State Broadcasters Association (NYSBA).
Ladies, I'm deleting.. This ain't working out for me ;)
Look for me, especially at unexpected times -gandolf
tough question. But I'll tell any flyers fan that fleury can stand on his head until Bylsma says stop lol.
the zoo the zoo!
appreciate all of gods creatures
hey thanks for the follow. Hope you had a great Christmas. Say hello to Margie for me.
Super sick cardio workout due to beats provided by !Warping,dub stepping,and 2 stepping my way to the
“: Amendment 1 passed, and it's a damned shame. We did not outvote you, but we will outlive you.”
Blue Laws (holdovers?) UTAH: It is against the law to fish from horseback. (wonder what the origins of THAT were!)
isnt that why we've kept adam around?
Watching juggle "See, they're orbiting each other"
Somebody really did say happy Mothers day to me smh
done!! Text me about it and we can figure out what time.
Heading out to dinner at Chili's with the family!
Happy birthday man!
Can I just go die in a hole?
such a beautiful day out :)
Calling all #Java Developers around Duluth, Georgia. I have a # of spots. Work from home 2 days per week as well.
sucks to be part of that minority.
I am super pumped for baseball, opening day can't get here fast enough!
“: Still haven't had my postcard from :(” email us and we will resend one this week!! Must have gotten lost in mail!
I love hockey but I hate what games like this do to my mood
That was just incompetent
I've stuffed my face with so much food, chips and candy but I still keep eating even though am no longer hungry lol
I just got a great workout in and feeling great.
I don't care who wins the Super Bowl as long as it's not Tom Brady
Rodney is like a cougar magnet. It's highly amusing.
is that u
Yu kno it feels nice outside when all the birds chirping and singing
I want true love, not a crush.
Hello world?
Listening to a little Smokey Norful this afternoon as I work on my laptop at the kitchen table.
oddly enough, Chicagoist has already been there and taken that very picture!
I concur.
because I'm done with drama and that's all you and breeze are soo with that being said goodbye .
The weekend's here started it right, even if I only get part of it right. live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight party tonight!
love you
good to hear that! A true Knickerbocker fan
1st on the open mic an older guy singing about guacamole... I need a smoothie
Starting at 6:30 tonight I have back-to-back Fantasy Baseball drafts. Yeah, that's how us ballers roll.
You don't look heavy to me though!
Owner at work told me I'm the best girl bartender they have #flattered :D
Dear commercial, yes because ALL the cool kids go around thier school dancing with everyone else and showing off their notebooks...smh.
Roses baby! #Wisconsin #Badgers!
Because duck dynasty is over. :(
Well, I dont have the exact figures but the global black hair care industry is in the hundreds of millions of dollars at the least
Just watched '21' for the first time in a long time, which reminds me that I should really finish planning mine and Jim Sturgess' wedding.
<3 RT If I win the #megamillions the first big thing I'll do is start a national center for #ALS research. My promise.
goodnight sweetie, hope were still on for tomorrow : ) i hope so because i misses you tonss and i need the deets on this weekend : )
You my friend, you get on my last..
11 things to check off on the to do list in less than an hr. Let's go!
appreciate the follow... Now following back.. Have a great day!
RT : #Rockies Nicasio: 74 pitches, 50 strikes in the sixth. Kid looks great tonight.
Have they started playing the American Idol "going home" music for #Kansas yet?
only 23 more days till i am in the same building as ....'le dead'
Winter is on my head, but eternal spring is in my heart.
Around 1:30 PST will be live voting for Colorstache. Please be ready to vote and support Reno and share w/ friends. URL will be posted soon.
seeing #furthur on the floor is the best, on floor for AC and 5th row 100 for MSG. A friend asked if I could get any #Indy tix, any help?
Cupcakes will be coming soon to the IDA! We wouldn't forget about one of our best clients! We'll be in touch. ;)
HAPPY NEW YEAR Bitchez! Im just recovering in New York! is today a Hair done day? hmm
how is The Weeknd???
Thanks! “: total cuteness!”
Awake in fetal position on bathroom floor for last 9 hours with food poisoning. I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy.
Margaret Wheatly Leadership and the New Science
"Hold on Eva Longoria's texting me"
Wow, sad but there's that pressure isn't there? That until you're published you're not a *real* writer. That needs to change
The #Brewers are getting all of their bad baseball for the season out of their system right now...right?
Money on my mind... check the Cat Scan!
I am most likely leaning towards the theoretical end, however I am not sure nor entirely convinced this will be my route yet.
yeah I think it is :)
Tomorrow we're going to Harry & Izzy's for lunch and then to see A Christmas Carol at the IRT. Happy early birthday to me!
If anything have a consult with a reliable entertainment lawyer.
Hi Brianna Brewer. c;
New candles and stuff for my room, Yogurtland with friends, and #HellsKitchen!
OMG ELENA IS GOING BE A VAMPIRE, I CRIED. OH MY GOD. :(
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great week
you gotta let me know what you think of art when loc brings it home...
We now have some famous mice and well loved duck on our Twitter profile.
Gurl who u telling rt lol": I need to hire a massage therapist.. This dancing mami is so sore all over =/"
#bengals success will make the decisions easy for you.
Pancake breakfast, bike ride, picking blackberries... What have you done with your Saturday morning?
We can't directly impact Tomorrow nor Yesterday. Today is our slice of Life so let's live it wisely & enjoy it fully & laugh much & have fun
Success requires #persistent redirection away from distractions & back toward the #goal. SeanLetwat
sounds good bro
haha i love my mom:) she is the best!
happy birthday S/O to my boy
I tend to freak out in the mornings.
thanks. #Compete and Defend!
So 3 feet isn't already enough?
Thanks so much! Feels great. : )
Reading yearbook signings from Freshman year... I'm laughing and crying at the same time!
your mom is beautiful! :) tell her happy mothers day for me please! :D
It's been on my to-read list for years! I like it so far.
The world is the practice live stage for your premier in heaven. follow Christ's examples. Avoid religiosity and simply concentrate on HIM
Thanks for the follow!
Guess I'm have to let this one go!
It's my doggies birthday today he's 4 wish him happy birthday!!! And happy 4-20 Hehehe
Hopefully hitting up Two 4 Tuesday at Bremen cafe with my pals Ryan, , and !!!
Found boyfriend chinos @ J. Crew on North Ave. last night-on sale for 20$!!! Wearing them now, SO cute and SO comfy!
Why is Toby back with his "favorite person in the world"(Jenna)? He always hated her. Is he just trying to get back at Spencer? Idk.
Jean Quan: "Vacate the premises....again." #occupyoakland: "were not going anywhere"
I think these "revisions" just became a complete rewrite. But the story's gonna soar when it's all done.
you KNOW I'm down for tacos! Also #tacos>cheerleaders mark
Corey Tropp sent away for slashing. #Marlies to the powerplay looking to double up in the first.
United. There was a chemical accident that shut down the baggage sorter @ O'Hare. We waited a bit, then took off w/o 6 bags.
Loiter squad is effin hilarious
FSCJ defends video that jokes about wasteful spending and being in 'utter chaos' - Florida Times-Union (blog)
First day of the 2012 MLB season. Who do you think is gonna take the World Series this year?
Sweet " A soldier fights, not because he hates those in front of him, but because he loves those behind him.
two hours?? Where u at girl?
I know! She did it! I have tried and failed with orchids many many times.
check out the wonderful PR guru
I havnt swiped my card since he came along :)
Play back
Follow all the
Hello #RadioWaves keeping updated with ? make sure to follow them on twitter and "like" them facebook.com/radioforthepeople
I was there! Driver was caught; no injuries “: Someone just drove into the Hyde Park Grill building and then fled the scene!”
Now who's the one that doesn't wanna hang lol?
Drawn together. And not pulling away!
can't make excuses for everybody though...
Wow i dunno how to feel... I guess im just gonna wait for the call
Witnessing the magic of apple tv.
Selena's sister died, her parents divorced and she gets sick hate everyday, yet she always has a smile on her face. SelenaG Is Flawless
RT : Great post! : Top 10 Excuses Why #CRE Pros Don’t Use Social Media and What They Really Mean | –...
Oh and follow Friday to the starter of the street teams !
At dan electro's guitar bar in the heights listenin to eric demmer and the sax dogs. Incredible!
My plan for a solr shard on every text datanode won't work. There are 328 of them, too many.
Just realized I'll be in Chicago for St. Patricks day. Green rivers & green beer.
meredith ann marie pietsch! i cant believe youre using that language!
Govt to enact legislation to remove squatters - Trinidad Guardian
Yummy lunch with after packing in an 18 mile run. Your sandwiches are delish!
UIS has told us that every dorm will have wireless by the end of this school yr. Not sure if Vil B is categorized as a dorm tho
Why must you blame?
dag nabit; I need six stars by god!
San Antonio CD & DVD duplication, packaging & Custom t-shirts! Born here staying here.
“: Last night's investigation was phenomenal! 4teams collaborated at 1haunted, abandoned location in search for the unknown"
what do you mean by all?
Just wanna get it out there that I really appreciate everyone that's following me!
GM World
excellent point.
Looking forward to getting onto the 405 to DTLA #practicingpatience .. Who said traffic didn't have its perks ??
a fitting end to the rivalry. Wish you all weren't leaving.
Is it cause the Canucks suck? #Trolol #NoCup ;) hehe im just playing bro! :D
SquE-Z now or SquE-Z later, the choice is yours!
if I return item that I bought w/Kohl's charge in March and paid bill for already, do I get cash or store credit? website is unclear.
checked you guys out man love it. Coming to new Orleans anytime soon? Maybe we can show trade if we come to la?
a very nice blog, and fashionable, too.
omg i am so sorry someone hacked into my account and emailed everyone im following :( :(
By pitching a story with a bit of controversy it will be more of a hard news story and will probably play higher in the newscast.
It's weird that no one has tried to get to 1 million followers. She gave us a number one single guys. Come on.
well at least they can't call y you a teenager anymore.lol
Was staring at Holder last night and couldn't place the resemblance. You're 100% right. Stedman it is!
got it, thanks
that's so old
yeah, I knew there was a reason I avoided talking to him before now.
In their defense, their old head coach was probably banging a woman half his age on the regular.
Thanks for the follow Mr. pretender. I am one too.
April 27th check us out with Affiance, Hawthorne Heights, The Plot In You and many more at Peabody's!!
I, apparently, can't drink anything without spilling it on myself.
Personally, I can't tell the difference between 90* and 95*. It's all too goddamn hot to me.
#Inconvenient: when you have to use your phone with one hand because your other thumb has a band-aid on it.
Lutron's C.L dimmers work w/ CFL, LED & halogen. The new one is 1st digital to work w/ CFL. Right ?
#HAPPYBIRTHDAY TO ME AND TO #ALEXANDERMCQUEEN *<]=D
an old perverted man...sick
Sure! Suitably aquatic, I reckon :)
thinks should tweet more
oh yeah!!! U should definitely come out here
it would also help if there were some tunes out there for consumption, but that's not your fault
Thanks for the kind words, Gonzalo. Wishing you and your's peace too. :)
Definitely. I respect that he had the guts to talk to me after such a tough loss. Shows a lot of class.
Thanks be back in May. be ready to get it in!
Heading out to to the Nats vs. Padres game with my new Enterprise Services team :) Rough 2nd day!
if i acted the way most girls do id drown myself in a well. that shit's not cute.
I'm a great believer in Luck, I find the harder I work the more I have of it ~ Thomas Jefferson. #MakeYourOwnLuck!
It's done.
already 10 years have gone by
I love my Mrs. Wrong
you're lying again?
counting to ten...
just done my nails.... now i feel like im a vegetable.
OMG...how are you??? You teaching a class at UM now?
I'm here! Wha'happened?
There's a thing called the Bill of Rights that says yes. And he'll keep writing them until ppl stop reading.
Good morning fellow Twitts
.|!__| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
OH lol, yea well Verizon can go suck a fat ________ < Insert word of choice here.
Hey bro..I will see you in Cleveland next Friday..follow back!!
She don't deserve a daughter like me
at least my vagina doesnt smell like some dead fish. Honestly your the biggest bitch of all time. Jump infront of a bus
at night my body is an orchestra
Bought the upgrade to watch online via iPhone... Cannot login online... Trying to watch Marquette! Called, emailed, nothing...
Yes we are stand J310 featuring our new collaboration with Nina Campbell by And So To Bed. Come meet us. Larry & Michel
Who would you rather have driving you, Miss Daisy or Donte Stallworth?
I cant always be the bigger person.. Overweight
#SWAG :D
Enjoy a cocktail & live piano entertainment tonight at Goldfish starting at 6:30!
thank you so much Loretta! you are so sweet :)
Hurray! It's Saturday! 2 cups of coffee and I'm ready to go!
The Food Trucks are 's Food Truck Fridays At Palmetto Bay Village Center. You don't wanna miss it!
so, did you create your account already?
lol that sounds so mean (((:
Door knocking with Shannon Sneed today. Write in Shannon Sneed!
Watching Costco Craze and the power of their buyers is unbelievable.
RT : Power on in Steele Canyon!!
=( must stop smoking..... again.... =( why did I temp my strength, and re-start? WHY!
My boyfriend has no idea how amazing he is. Never happier than when I'm with him, and he may never know how much I need him. <3
Nice. Can't wait to get out there.
He was as gobsmacked as anybody...and he goes to everything.
Sure there is a panel on new media and we are needed to contribute to it
hyperbolic lies = #waronwomen RT U have war on INFANTS!!! Infanticide in streets! In backyards.They killin babies!
Just found out about & I'm in love. Wish I had known about them when Myla was in the NICU.
#TheArtOfPissingPeopleOff Sit in your front yard pointing a hair dryer at passing cars to see if they slow down.
getting boxes done like its my job
At least your finally happy. <3
Never been a cat person. But my pussy is bomb
yep, looks lie the #laarson guy. My car in the crime scene @ Fairfax&Sunset, comments from police/fire coming shortly
Off to the Badger game!
some dude wants to trade me a 79 Camaro for my EK.
I don't play with assholes but I am one on TV. Wait...I'm not on TV?! o.O ...Oh well, I guess now I can play with my asshole.
V for Vendetta
What a wonderful blog! Seriously, this helped me immediately understand a few things a bit more clearly. Thank you :).
me a kitten???
sounds like we're on the same page. :)
Major milestone. Now I'm thinking flight for dinner.
I'm sorry Jessica :-( I'm unhappy that you're unhappy.
I forgot how stressful the last couple weeks before prom are! Still so much to do!!
I don't agree with the comparison. Dukakis' question was directly related to policy...Newt's was not
I realize how bad my knees are when I have to sit at a desk all day. They throb when I sit but when I stand to stretch they get tired lol
he's a fag! He's funny doe!!!
TODAY'S Super Mystery Jackpot song clue: Think wildlife. The jackpot is $80.
Perfect time for a creative block.
Todays Wednesday- which means Orientation and Open Call! We are all excited to audition new talent!
Their commercials make me think that as long as I eat it with something healthy then it doesn't count. Right?
Two words : B flat (Bb)
Are you actually kidding
How was your day?(:
Our next major server update will include support for more Java programs, like Minecraft.
S/O 2 n showin love n support at Roc the Mic!!!
A 40% break-even and a 12% success rate is anything but a "flop" given the minimal capital investment to get to an app to market.
Better than dying of herpes.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 317
So.... who wants to be on tv? I entertaining the idea of a co host... if interested let me know.
Taking care of the household this weekend: & yesterday, & today
Ooohhh I like this one! RT : When you begin to shine, that is when your shadow will disappear...
Praying for whatever you're going through right now. He'll never put more on you than you can bear. Be encouraged. Love you Cuz!
At the Warner Theatre in DC to see Human Nature. Opening act from Wm & Mary is an acapella group of ladies, the Passing Notes. Very good!
Guterman: 80% of child abuse fatalities occur in the 0-3 age group.
You got it :-) Thanks for coming out
Are you still doing stuff with d6 user_badges?
#TwinsFest schedule is out and #CenturyLinkMSP is already getting excited for another season as exclusive comm. provider @
This cute gay guy I've been following on twitter is actually a lesbian! Stupid lezzies and their trickery! Always up to no good.
Add incline to your workouts. Running uphill will burn more calories, strengthen your leg muscles and build your endurance.
Damian, you're welcome and thank you!
Havent been here in a while! :)
one of their done followed me thanks for <U+2665> how about & ?
There's like 6257832994210 Dj's in Houston and only like 20 are actually good.
Feeling good about my last semester at #MICA, resolved my
El Vez has left the building.
I refuse to tweet anything because will make fun of me.
So hungry, hope dinner is ready soon :(
Last class meeting of law librarianship ended. I'll miss having class in such a lavishly wired, outfitted building on the actual 40 acres.
Karma is God's way of showing that He sees everything and that there are consequences for everything you do; good or bad.
The Shema likewise expresses the heart of all that we seek to embody in our lives
Can I get that mm can get that Ahh
Yo DUDES! we're trying to work something out with Apollo Games for the Midnight release of MW3. It should be sweet.
Tonight's Happy Hour cocktail- "Apple Blossom." Calvados (fine apple brandy), lavender, rose-geranium. $5 until 8pm, $8 afterwards.
Euripides I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart
LOL, what is it?
is bush league ..... thanks for nothing!
yes sir. Good here too
lol i'm just sitting here dying of laughter smh
We open at 4:30 w/ a great cask of Black Marlin w/ Makers Mark Oak/Vanilla Beans. $2 til 5:30, +$1 an hour.
right on, buckhead is a great mix of new and experienced folks. If you ever hit a lunch WOD you'll prob see me
LOL, Uthoff should've thought twice about UW, then we could have avoided this whole mess.
Much needed girls night out at
RT : guys. dont be surprised. we have a governor who pointed her finger in the presidents face.
just signed on to Produce/Line Produce the feature film, "The Lookout". Pre-Production starting this week. Production tentatively scheduled…
Happy Monday!!! Here's to a great week!!
bella thorne if you dont like me and if you dont love me i dont care I will always love you <3<3
Yes, but there's no need to be. We're all uniquely beautiful in our own right.
I skipped food and caffeine. Im stuck in traffic. I hate today already.
nothin worse then a red bull crash
I got RayBan and Polo glasses
I release all resistance about where I am and I allow the next level to reveal itself to me. Today, I love myself for where I am.
thanks for the follow! If you have any furniture or mattress needs you now have a Mattrezzz Guy!
MIXTAPE RELEASE PARTY JUNE 22ND AT THE TOC BAR EVERYONE THAT HAS A FEATURE I WANNA SEE YOU THERE!!!!! ITS GOING DOWN
hey sweetheart did you need a massage? You can always give me a call
Face twitches<<<<<
- run barefoot & write & edit great content for start-ups. Interested having coffee?
Cool! Looks like a trip up the New Jersey Turnpike and over the Verrazano bridge is in order for this coming weekend.
This bolis rompope ice cream I'm eating is so good. Omg.
Cloudy with Chance of Meatballs is SO FUCKING CREEPY
RT : I hope to run at least a half hour every day! A little bit makes a huge difference! #HDSHoliday <ditto that
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 42
The never ending story
That play, Mr. Bruce, just confirmed it. You are OVERRATED!
w . t . f - so jealous !!! dont go to shoko. do go to razzmatazzzzzz
I still debate whether working with college students makes me feel older than I should or keeps me younger than I ought to be...
if they give you any more grief we just had an OF spot open up on our slowpitch team and we have a "No-Tweets-Barred" policy.
Just realized that today is my last day of mass com. Let's just say, I CAN'T WAIT! Woo!!!
hello baby!!
10 days until the Community Student Retreat in Lone Star, Texas! Praying for lives to be made new.
thanks Bryan... New pics from Don Hales ;)
MT ...Manny Banuelos: 3.2IP 2H 0R 0BB 5K <-- Good to see in a year where pitching's been a bit sour for Yankees throughout...
Verona gets on the board as Ashley Seymour finds Felicia Retrum for a score. 1-0 Wildcats. Goal came at 44:57.
In case you missed the MIA flashmob make sure to check out Miami channel 10 tonight at 6pm for local coverage.
We missed my aunts graduation because my uncle hates that im gay...ugh..what a fucking loser!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
RT ~100million in cost savings if we embraced open access publishing of publically funded research content
Going to the MainStreet Chamber meeting tonight in Medina. Anyone else going?
true. fewer spinning beachballs that way.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! X
follow back please?
#NP the boy is mine glee cast
That's amazing, It kind of looks like Jennifer Lawrence.
Your life, Your choices, Your mistakes.
RT Indian Coffee Break, Nashta Chai, is tomorrow from 3-5PM at the Grad Lounge. It is going to be cool, so come by!
pLease do..! if only things were possible over the internet..
What if the refs hit Ohio St with a T for the manager who just ran out on the floor...
Seriously, what's with all the Netflix haters? Get over it. Everything used to be cheaper.
About to indulge in some Deathly Hallows pt. 2 w/ while eating Baja Fresh burrito bowls, so stoned we both look half asian
Studio Time! SPREAD THE WORD!
If I'm nervous around you, chances are I liiikkkkeee you;D
a little bit. not surprised to be in the playoffs, but surprised on how they are playing yes,
same thing
#webserieschat I always pay crew, and I am vowing that my next project won't start until I can pay the actors too!
Yess. Please show them Again
I apologize. I just hate to see that Gabby wasn't recognized at all at least not on TV & I think she deserved more recognition
You're so fucking bipolar I swear.!
that would be kinda sorta awesome
Chris Jones and Adam Bailey are the new Bradley Cooper and Ryan Gosling
#tailgate. Who is up for some Tailgating! It's Wednesday and the red river gang has started
why do guys always hurt my heart
I got hit!
": I text you first everyday. But today I won't. Today, I want you to text me first. Today, I want YOU to miss me."
miss u fam!!!
#SOTU drinking game idea: "America is great" = 1 shot; "America is great...but" = 2 shots.
Thomas' phone case.
everything on my newsfeed is always like, "about 2 get drunk wit ma bros" "high as shit" congratulations, your life is so interesting.
Weather is *finally* awesome in Chicago for the last day of our #tek11 adventures.
Thanks for your RTs, #RonPaul's true patriots!
Our pleasure ! We love helping you and other families succeeded!
Live a little. Eat dessert first today.
So... "After FNL"... worth picking up?
Best Cary Grant/Ingrid Bergman/Claude Rains Movies - Allentown Morning Call (blog)
because i dont want to be talking about the wrong thing then look retarted
How are you :)
Audition for Casting Director Katja Blichfield from NBC 30 ROCK next Tuesday! Limited seating.
My daughter loves singing "papa - paparazzi" (she's 4).
I tell geo?:)
you already said "you never know" hahaha
OMG excited to c where you go!!!!
I don't want to even think of those days! Want her to stay 5 forever!
An 18yr old strangles his girlfriend to death for ignoring him, was not caused by black ops video game! The foundation was never solid.
what are some MUST see or MUST do things in LA.. I have lived here for a while yet feel brand new...any ideas ;)
haha...sorry. We have gone to 2 games this year, both losses. Think I will watch from home. I am bad luck I guess!
<U+2015> W.H. Auden, New Year Letter
iamjacquees I Swear I Love This Song "Keke Twist My Hair" I Have It On My IPhone Mp3 Player Computer Ps3 Xbox 360 I Have It On Everything!
No school for me today (:
Good morning ever1!!!! even though I'm gona be in bed for another 20 minuets ;p that always happens...
It's so fun when your editing system crashes 7 minutes before your liveshot.
How does Chris Raney keep getting through. WOW.
Omg you're an idiot haha nvm
Scavenger Hunt Party Game. Check out these Traditional Marketing products: Scavenger Hunt Party Game. Enjoyable Parties Guar
That my friend is the safest bet!
"You're special. Take that in." -Parenthood
Putting together a renovation project schedule for my cherch! Though my allergies are KILLING me, I'm going to get right back on it!
now we need to set a date!
Took the new Sawyer out for a spin today and LOVE IT Can't wait for better weather and the good wisconsin trails
I say "this is my city" like other people say "oh this is my jam" #civicpride i haz it
Jealous! Hope you get a pretty color :)
There's a fine line between clever and 99.999% of April Fools pranks. The ratio is much worse online. That last 0.001 is worth it all...
it always does for me too. ahh the days where we could drink crap alcohol and not get hungover the next morning
Haha I know :)
finally got my phone replaced and the first thing that comes up when i turn it on is twitter...
naw not no more we in Cape Verde some island
.: "[The world] can be even better.... We can't make that happen by ourselves, but [it can't happen] happen w/o us." (2of2)
Ooh, I don't think I've seen one! That would make me smile. I see a truck up here that has a Nugent/Palin sticker. YES.
ORANGE you glad you're snooki ORANGE?
2 hours till the show w/ excited to be on this show!
watching Ray do his pre game rant makes me want to crush someone!
HE CAME OUT OF THE CLOSET I FUCKING TOLD YOU!
I wonder how many people watched the space shuttle launch this afternoon? Seems like going into space is "ho-hum" news for some of us now.
Jealous much?Your the same ole song
Thanks to everyone who answered the textbook question so quickly.
Left is Right | A bitter left-right debate is born in Quebec - Metronews.ca
boomerang is pretty awesome too. easy sell to people who dont like complicated things.
What's happening ?
Vringo and du Agree to Launch Subscription Video Service - MarketWatch (press release)
200. I think.
No Georgetown today? :(
I get really annoyed when someone leaves my room without closing the door...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Will you design a new logo for us? That way we can open and serve amazing coffee and food to CCAD students in #Columbus. Thx!
“: you look nice in your avi!!”thank you.!!!
Wait, you're not?
wsup with the game...
First #fairuse case concerned a biography of George Washington, that defdnt lost. What do legit biographical practitioners do..not
Hey guys check out www.spiritflowtv.com
finally made it!! #GodisAble so pumped to worship our God who is indeed able :))
cool I didn't wanna see you either
Thanks for your RT. You definitely need to come to the You could see the zoo, Seagrove, and the Village of PineHurst.
I'm hungry damn it
it's not your fault .
It's not easy being green ;) MT I'm trying to get rid of my Kermit avatar and Twitter won't let me ...
Happy Sunday Facebook friends!
How old are you?(:
Friend and I went on the apartment search today. How can a 1-bedroom be $1,500? Disappointing, Seattle...
do you think McCown will give the jags a chance like Gerrard did his first year as the starter?
It should not be so hard to convince a doctor to administer an HPV test to men. Love your lover's cervix.
Just realized there was a new 30rock recorded in the DVR!!
Can you guys believe that NBC cancellation news today? That's so cool that they're cancelling Leno and bringing Carson back from the dead!
as i was told last night: mercury was in retrograde. so THAT was my problem!!
'Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion' What does that mean to you?
Boutta roll one
Getting ready for a great day at #erl12 tomorrow. How about you?
miss the big sexy! will see you soon!
I read her food truck posts with lust, envy and maybe a few other deadly sins
Dont play wit me Badd bitches stay wit me ..... Yea its okay wit me all day wit me okay wit me......#Ak Wit me bitch City boi..........
Forecast for Rest Of This Afternoon: Partly sunny. Highs around 80. South winds 5 to 10 mph.
His legs are as soft as clouds
Ok, ok. I will end it. I know the right answer! Just hold me, dammit.
That Rondo-to-Bradley layup was LeBron-Wade-like. Nice work, Rajon.
I had enough. Can I go home now?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor!!!
": wins. kay bye." owned and thanks<3
I believe that we will... Uh Oh!
Someone should text me!
Is that even possible?
In the new millennium, vampires no longer fear the sun. But they do fear... THE SON OF GOD!!!1!1eleventy!!!
And no nasty headache or unnecessary weight gain :) Sounds great! Enjoy!
Swanson Engr. wants to thank the RK Mellon Foundation for the largest private foundation grants in Pitt’s history!
FIT kicks off the first LuLuLemon free yoga class tomorrow at 9:30 a.m.
We are getting started here at UDC's Urban #Sustainability Summit- welcome to Will Allen!
Hahahahahaha! I need a cardboard cut out. Like now. Lmao...... Yes we do!
you and me both gurl
Is it just me, or do I detect a certain skepticism?
Sorry me&my bros haven't been on lately.We're currently on a vacation in Jamaica.Not much internet service here
i can do that
GARRETT LEAVE ME ALONE. YOU'RE FUCKING ANNOYING. UNFOLLOW ME, BLOCK ME, GET OUT OF MY FUCKING LIFE.
Sunday mornings at the Fox theatre, I <3 Pomona
LOVE IT. #routetree #scramblerules #sit #IDcoverage #depth #D&D
Can you still golf in Colorado this time of year? Too cold yet? Flying there today
I wonder how many texts i start to write but dont finish because i dont know how to spell a word...
psh whatever! Just dust off those pipes and belt it!
Morning to you too lovely!
One per icon
Happy new year!
do not like training courses that not helpful
RT : You're 13, you smoke, drink, and have sex? I sense you have a bright future ahead of you.
New website is halfway done & looking AWESOME! FYI, you're getting a page on there under my resources section!
we know you're feeling better b/c you're tweeting more!
New York's Arbor Day is the Last Friday in April. -- Can you name the NY State Tree?
RT : OH: "keep your dirty nose off of Matt's murse!"
How about R2L? Is that still nice or did the natives dog it? Try The Palm or Morton's...
playin hangman in school+i ofcourse choose as my subject+all of the sudden a girl goes Harry styles I made a new friend 2day
O #sleep is no replacement for you. This is the earliest time I've gone to bed in almost a month. Hell of a week.
*gasp* I was doing both of those things!
Live demos are a key part of the training webinars I host.
Analyzin' the world
Gotta go with the Pack. As much as I love the Brewers and what they've done so far, I've always been more of a football girl
RT": Mitt Romney. Because the guys who brought you the Iraq War have to run somebody." / SO true! #Mitt puts the also in "also-ran"
Caleb class of 08. Bradley and Hannah class of 10. Sarah class of 11. How any of this is old school is beyond me.
We'll reboot the Sisterhoods of the Traveling Pantsuits!
. I don't know how it got in there. Some dumb joke I guess. Don't worry, honey, you know you're all I want.
I prefer real people around me
<U+262D> <U+266B> "<U+0428><U+0430><U+043B><U+044F><U+0439>-<U+0412><U+0430><U+043B><U+044F><U+0439>" <U+266B> <U+262D> from *<U+0421><U+0442><U+0438><U+043B><U+044F><U+0433><U+0438>* kind of makes me cry a little.
oh boy is right. She's single now.
client update~day four of the TSFL program. Down 4 lbs!! Way to GO!!!!!
WHAT ARE YOU BEING FOR HALLOWEENER?!
Thanks! I'll try again later.
Though that may help him with his divorce proceedings, primetime should've never involved the kids like that 8/..
I requested yesterday.
RT : My 10,000 tweet is dedicated to because i missed him at my 9,000 tweet lol Love ya hahaha
LOL maybe we should set up a call fwd tool for you. Or you should just come work for us and get paid for your inconvenience:)
You did great! RT: Thanks everyone who supported me tonight this was a new experience and I hope you continue to enjoy...
the new "People You May Know" beta functionality on is pretty slick and huge improvement
Watching the laundry go round and round. :-)
hey - we're the Craft and Folk Art Museum in LA and we have an idea for a Handmade Lomo Photobooth Project - DM us?
So awesome! What was the other old song they played? It was between Underneath the Sycamore & Death of an Interior Decorator....
Trying to contact and meets the best agent for my career in L.A!!i have got work visa for 3 years without restriction!!!
Whoa.....! StormyBreeze over the weekend......! Devistatingly Bad..!
In Kevin Colbert I trust..
Oh, me too! I got a two-scoop sundae at Baskins & Robbins, Oreo & Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough with Hot Fudge.
Thank you for the awesome post. Dead on.
Bossy from head to toe, A freak but never a hoe, I play this game like monopoly, And I dare a bitch to land on my property .
Ten hours in a Cube again with a computer. I am hardly human any more. Bummer. Auto Self-Destruct over ride is in "Off" mode.
At a +roads. 6 mo after dumping corporate world, finally found true calling. Met with cancer aware people - now making purses with soul.
“: #FF Love these guys (thx for the drink!)” Thanks!
who cares lol
If you're happy and you know it _____ your _____.
is chatting about his role at Facebook and why #Facebook Timeline is really meant to tell your life story but engaged w others.
Thank you for the mention. Have a fabulous day!
No scheduled power cuts in Mumbai in 30 years. Chennai still has daily scheduled power cuts + random outages + brownouts. Chennai != city.
me and have study hall at the same time. how odd?
Fumbles = Playing as much this fall for #OhioState as I do..... RT: My suggestion to Rod is to NOT put the ball on the ground.
it's so nice out today - I think you should all come by the factory store for lunch and eat at one of our outdoor picnic tables.
#RevolutionSaturdays with Hosted By Buy 1 Bottle get 1 Bottle FREE! RSVP:
5 more days till Pre-Sales start for T2-Live in LA and Transatlantic-More Never is Enough. 1st 100 bundles signed by Neal and Mike Portnoy.
As far as I can tell, GGBridge rally cancelled. Those in solidarity asked to meet at Larkspur Ferry. I can't get to Larkspur.
absolutly adorable hope u can handle two boys :P
Soft shit coming up
**enter kobe was sick excuse here**
"Most people who went through a divorce as children have few happy childhood memories."
Falling gasoline prices.
Haven't been on twitter in forever! A trip to Florida and the holiday had me pretty busy. Hope all of my twitter friends are doing well.
hahah ok how about this.. Were all hanging this summer ok?!
Headed back to the airport and home again, way too early to be up
Never fear, corporate penal colonies will mine the moon for helium-3.
Milk Shake at 1 a.m that's what's up :D
We're doing a VIRGO fix right now- Call #s show in search results, but not after clicking for more detail. Back to normal ASAP!
It's official. I've registered for my last semester of #libraryschool !
Feel like I'm missing something with all the Mumford & Sons hype. The album just doesn't do much for me.
I don't see the point of school after the FCAT
Demo Submissions and Executive Meetings are free til July 1st!!! Also interviewing next month for A&R's in the Richmond Area!!!
I hope they don't try to touch your feet!!!
studying for my last exam before spring break. Wish it was done already :(
Trey Gunn popped into my mind because it's cool and edgy but loaded with world instruments
I got schooled today by a 4-year-old on trains. He was not settling for anything less than a James train with coal and passengar cars!
cmon man you allready know I been bumpn that. Mixtape or what? And I know u said you was cool wit Nipsey When can I expect tha
We are finally up and running!!! Check us out to find everything Neal Morse, Transatlantic and many other artists.
I see you
Don't even say it. It's not true. It's a bad dream. ....WHAT?
A Day In The Life
I have a service that does that. I'm following you again.
please do share your new fragrances with social media in "Real-Time'.
well that was pretty pathetic!! But hey, they weren't even supposed to be there.
Enjoy the show!
why yes, I do make weird noises when I want someone to cuddle with me
TODAY SHOULD BE A GOOD DAY.
"Someone's definitely seeing my nipples tonight." - Jacqueline Fay #hilarious I love her.
I can't stand in da way ass niggas
I'm going back too sleep
OMFG I JUST HEARD BLACK OUT oN Y100
Just had 's eggless egg salad for lunch. Love it everytime!
With the team winning !
Hey comedy nerds! Get in free when you arrive b4 8pm tonight. See you for the comedy show!
who told you? Lol
woofs n thanks :) xx
At the Dekalb Public Library, signing and speaking. Come say hello! :)
mine to
“: Anybody wanna grab lunch I need some food to shack back !” -- lets go .
yes, yes you will :-)
bro u wanna know sum funny
I'm bored
Wow, culinary uniforms make people look fat.
Thank you for your notes & live chats, we'll get to the bottom of it!
I think every great design or designer must be unpredictable.That what Austin's is Mondo is good but his looks were predictable
happy to help out with Berlin tips. See you next week then.
she was nice. And I got out of there quickly and without paying crazy fees!
The One Show had over 20,000 entries this year. And ad peeps wonder who the big winner was. The One Show.
Yes. I love it! It's kinda all over the place musically...Ish.
That bat did not die a hero.
show last nite was incredible-don't miss him HRC Denver & Seattle if you can help it. Funny. Ponient. Rock God.
Good Wednesday! Is it your birthday this week? Celebrate it at Oz! Free bday cake, card, and 1 spin on our Birthday Wheel of Fortune!
Haters don't hate you, they hate themselves, because you're a reflection of what they wish to be.
Lost three friends on Facebook this week. I guess there have been to many pictures of horses for them to handle. Not real friends I guess.
do u like scentsy warmers?
soo good. Yes! You will. I feel it.
thanks for such a quick response. That's great. I can't wait. Great product.
Just Dance with the
So much for letting children be just that, adulthood comes fast enough. Let them watch Spongebob, and enjoy being a child! Repulsed.
Loving the website! I'm getting hungry just looking!
Retail therapy
you are the fourth person who used the block button tonight. Kudos
So much to love about the EEOB. Strikingly unappreciated treasure. Also: Where many of the Nixon tapes were recorded.
Who got up this morning and went shopping? Or did you stay in bed and relax in those stretchy pants!
As do you my man!
#Swag Bra.. Much Luv!
Glad to hear it - we'll see you next time!
welcome and is that you in your icon
Mowing the grass is not a priority for me. I am at an age when a man needs a sense of nobility. ~ Garrison Keillor
#ACM - Blake sure likes drinking songs! Maybe because he does such a good job on them!
Incredible. FYI- In fifth graph, think you meant "Ms." instead of "Mr."
Sitting here in this hair salon is getting on my Nerve <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
*currently still sleeps on a futon*
check you dm
Fresno-Clovis Most Wanted: Homes for Sale! There are a lot of buyers and not enough homes for sale. Call me: (559) 779-5550. Sell your home!
Don't forget! For transportation To/From Fort Lauderdale Airport Call 561 212-1236
I don't know if we would be cute. What I do know is I kinda like you. Wish I knew what you think...........
I love you boo :))) and you were really great tonight <3
I know what you mean. He IS a silly man! I can only hope most who listen to him don't take him seriously. Please no!
Woo Lovely Day for #FollowFriday !
My boobs hurt lik a muthafuckkka
Tip #70: LIVE...If someone puts out a HUGE over bet post flop against your remaining stack it is usually weak.
There is nothing wrong with shorts and boots
Sleeping in until 1 completely throws me off!!! Wth
why? it is a check mark so the city can say they have a web presence for all agencies
HAIRSTYLISTS & SALON OWNERS! Boost UR sales w/ hair extensions that'll take UR biz 2 the top & Dr. Wiggy will show U how @
i gave spop your address. They will be sending you the gift card.
How beautiful a day can be When kindness touches it! ~George Elliston
look at the usb!
whats harry styles account name.? Still new to twitter
sahaurita at the moment
Harry used to live with Louis but now is moving out to his own flat.
thats what it said let me check again
Another great Digital Dialogue speaker this week: Jeremy Dibbell () on Bringing Historical Libraries to Life at LibraryThing
Watching the food network
Look for Coconut Water in the VIP gift bags of the Localicious gala!
Thighs are killing me.
Ultimately, I feel the level of hypocrisy is the same, in both countries. The scale of deception and brutality differing (more)
GA Dep of Juvenile Justice reports that for Atl's Fulton County, African-American youth made up over 93% of total intake criminal offenses;
Damn Killah you still in the 'Rockies you better of put my red rocket to good use my boy
Whelp .. Ya learn something new everyday!
"Oh He knows your voice, lift your hands it's time to rejoice, child your cries have awoken the Master"
Seeing the SJU theatre company's production of Is He Dead? A SECOND TIME
this is not a difficult question. Men cheat 1. opportunity 2. disconnect from partner 3. low self esteem 4. hurt.
Surely it depends on whether you're looking for active engagement or just some kind of bulletin board?
“: If you do her right, she wont ever do you wrong...”that's a lie...
RT There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you. David Burns
What a great question.
Well I don't plan on making that face very often :]
I got it in the mail, It should be coming
Sorry i havent been on guys! i have been uber bussyyy! how is everyone?
Appreciate MLB MVP & Cy Young pitcher of our Detroit Tigers spreading word about military & veterans initiative on Twitter.
Ha, that's a pretty substantial number.
one hour Swedish is $75. Ask about our snow emergency discount available today and tomorrow... $60:-) hope to see you soon!
ooooeeee! Now you're talking my language, hot spots for getting naked lol
You're really close to a tweet milestone, huh?
Passions by K photoshoot taking place RIGHT NOW!!
I wonder if lurks tumblr like he does twitter.......
Dwyane Wade didn't even get touched... Couldn't body George Hill, & wanted a call for it. "Ain't that like D-Wade?"
I'm bummed I missed Jermaine. Is Christina just full on cray now?
u too
the classic James Brown beat traces directly back to New Orleans and Clayton Fillyau (the drummer on Live At The Apollo)
Its the kind of problem you want to have! Country radio has been great to me my whole career. I can't thank those folks enough- G. Strait
Pretty good workout
FYI that's a tweet from last year that you RT'd re: Fashion Night Out. Tix are on sale for this year though. :)
In the late 1800’s, Chase & Sanborn put out a flier on how to read the coffee grounds at the bottom of the cup (like a fortune teller).
tried to find you, then got wrapped up in Rufus King stuff, I'm sure you understand.
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show! :{) So proud of you <U+2665> u are amazing! wish i could meet u someday. <U+2665>
We have our Key Lime Pie and Snowball cupcakes today! In Alb you never know which way the weather will go!? Current KLP!
The Father knows where and when to place you. If you move thinking you should be elsewhere you'll be out of alignment when it's time to work
nah, I dont even feel like blazing.
will be at Katacombs 1909 N Lincoln in Chicago giving away free drinks and shots at 10pm.
Director of the stuff larry cohen on stage
me lol & my crew
Thanks to lovely hair new followers please follow for unprofessional tweets
In other words, astronauts just want to avoid treecials.
The panel is now reviewing application #120021 for Bunch Montessori Early Childhood Center.
. and I are having a FB convo about pancakes. She doesn't understand cakes for breakfast. Is she ok?
sorry, I just slept again! XD
Thanks for RTs!
Gonna celebrate my birthday tonight, my baby's back from Denver!
It's not hard to not be stupid.
often, because every where I look in the world it's mostly prostitutes and whores anyway I'm happy at least Concetta
Who can take credit?
Mormon's react to student novel, that parents claim has "anti-mormon" message. Will the book be removed from the read list? Watch CBS19
Tomorrow night, Pilates class at the Presbyterian Church Hall at Bailey Ave, Mt. Washington, 6 - 7 pm.
oh duh! Why else would you be marching?! Lol that's kool I wish I could do something like that
“: #Scorpio's don't trust anyone but themselves.”
Lawn's been #raked and
You have too many crazies on your team! RT : he is a nutcase ! But I like crazy !! Watch him in game 7.
Literally just turned on the Phillies and laughed out loud immediately.
Arizona (AZ), Phoenix wedding reception,Top Phoenix wedding reception sites, Phoenix Wedding Garden and Reception Center
thats bogis what they call him but there just haters
Thanks for the tweets! xoxo
Congrats! Good Luck at , it's a great school!
Thanks so much for following Dr. Robert Miller!
#kced points out that more and more of the teachers that works with have students on the #autism spectrum
meet me after this period , I'll meet you at the top of the stairs !
Sunday already ! Church in 7 hours :) school tomorrow aha saying that already ;p still need to shop ! Baseball season so far but its cool :)
I see you r enjoying the new season. Good epi so far? Did u ever finish SOA?
Sure do love the game of - calling for ball, hitting the J and then forcing offensive foul. Good series.
are those bugle boys?
what levels of the RnR did you use?
Agree 100%. Next thing you know, authors will be selling direct, as some already are.
Well what is going to be the next fad on facebook after this number crap dies out?
#Imagine Louis: My turn to decide what we're going to do tonight! You: Okay. Tell me, then. Louis: We're going to bed early. ;)
I've been Hustlin' so long I need to brush my face and shave my teeth!
your hologram needs a software update
Research shows greater contentment/happiness for those who have interests & passions outside of work. What are you passionate about?
Oh yeah, I'm good for that! Constantly cracking jokes
New gmail interface has suddenly appeared.
When your told this might be your last summer in kansas because ur moving.
it would make my day if you follow me...<3
Yes please most definitely yes.
Smoke the pain away...
They're exactly the right height!
Thank you! Happy Mother's Day! Xo
Do you know the meaning of the #ANC Centennial logo? Read more, on its meaning that derived from the theme ' Unity in Diversity'.
Today only! FREE Marketing and Advertising Tips to help your business success! Visit www.nivula.com and call (866) 536-9257
lol XD and where are you from? ...i you don't mind answering that
Need me a nigga who's not all about spending his money on me but is willing 2spend time....
At New Heights restaurant tp
I DID know that!
when do you perform
46 days until the BIG event!!! www.LeadTampaBay.com
Hi again...I know, my twitter etiquette response time is horrid! All fine here. Hope u r enjoying FL and the weather too!
Thanks for the follow!
The only thing that has more faces than you is ME.
lmao u know me so well
RT @ D6MERIT Just checkin in to see if anyone wants to play me in a game of Pokemon later.
Oscars or concert? Music it is!
I am here tomorrow. I'm all the way on the right, in the glow of the lights brighter than the sun
I just met someone at DrupalCon who lived in Honolulu and interviewed with Bob and Gary back the day! Its a small...sing it
Are any of our Capitol Hyundai Facebook fans planning on going to the Silicon Valley International Auto Show next week in San Jose?
its ok though cause i like school.
Got DMs. Share away, my friend! More it's shared, more its enjoyed & more shirts I sell.
Brenda Walsh ruined R.E.M for me.
MVP is generally right after the first round. The rest are just based on convenience, I think.
Melinda Gates "we are confused by our own conversation" - from her courageous talk on contraception
and it's a wrap! #health2con Big-Data Code-a-thon!
I agree.
Brooklyn Black Ops will be on shelves , albeit briefly, this Friday, 12/9. Check out Armanetti's feed for more details.
did we west our skirts
Im crying.
Get it ? Forget it
Article looks great! We're in SF, but not a huge deal. We like to make it easier for friends to get together EVERYWHERE!
You hijacked my heart and programmed it to beat for you... you happy you selfish asshole?
i hope you are proud of yourself. you're the real winner here. you BELONG in the music industry; you own it. i love you.
I did, when I saw that. Lol
See y'all in kansas.
Think I just got my groove back.
Hey everyone follow Pastor Great pastor in Kentucky! Gloryland Harvest Church - God bless pastor
It's another #WienerWednesday at Sonny's Tavern. Vegan and beef dogs are only $2.50. It's also trivia night with DJ at 9:30pm.
I haven't gotten more than a solid hour. I better see your ass there!
Leaping out of bed cuz today is 1/2 off #easter candy!
are you a teacher? #dumbquestion?
Ha- totally agree.
all concerts for this week are cancelled
If only there was a way to pull texts back in after you hit 'send.' Hahaha... oops.
Good thing Shea isn't playing for #USMNT soon. Oh, wait.
Lets be real, you'd fall in love with a tree
Horrible, horrible. I am very sorry.
Milby has no dress code next year ?
A very Happy Mothers Day to all!
An indication of how scary the #Yankees lineup is - among all #mlb teams It ranks nxt to last in intentional walks received.
lol RT “: Dear Sneeze, if you're gonna happen, happen. Don't put a stupid look on my face and then just leave.”
and I thought I'd heard it all...
"To lengthen thy life, lessen thy meals." Benjamin Franklin. I love Ben's wisdom and joyful insights!
oh ok lol
Oh Golly.(; I love that movie<3
me too
That moment when Pinterest crashes and you'll never see what the next group of pins were.
#FREECLOONEY OH NO, a sexy man like him cannot be locked in prison, he's to beautiful!!!!
Not after a massive break up? No?
I needed some time to sleep, meet people, ride my bike an do laundry and working 8 shifts a week is not going to work.
we'll be there! RT Proud to Announce Game 2 Viewing Party at - Drink & Food Specials! Who's COMING!?
: Filmed my cover this weekend. Let you know when I'm going to post it :) I'm very excited
hahah! please follow and help me get them to 800 please ?!? <3
haha it was supposed to say "too". Like as well.
OMG, those pants!
I have learned that many libraries have renovated their Carnegie buildings and they are very proud of them.
PTL! RT If you don't know Him, I invite you to seek Him. He's alive, death has lost and Love has won. His name .... Jesus.
My new Legal Guide: San Diego, California Landlord-Tenant Guidance - Establishing the Landlord Tenant Relations...
I'm going to DM you!!
Thanks bro! RT : Loving what #terencevaughn, Nick McNack, and did on 's record.
No lie girl Ive gotten 3 tickets this month! But so want those shirts! I could pay end of this week!!
Much needed spring break is on the way lots of things to do so little time
Alexander McQueen Savage Beauty- stunning.
How are you feeling today Alex? I'm Super! Thanks for asking!
I'm doing what international Super Stars do - be fashionably late. New episode coming today - whenever I feel like it.
The man who wrote "Psycho" also wrote a ballet, an opera and the delicious clarinet quintet called "Souvenirs de Voyage" ... It's on now!...
yes, but not by choice. Those dang gnats fly into my eyes, nose, mouth. I take it you are getting your fair share?
So... I'm on twitter. All thanks to ... if they can get THIS GIRL on twitter, what can't they do?!
who said anything about my therapist being a doctor?
is having a simple day with my boyfriend on the beach with cheese pretzels that much to ask? wahhhhh
WI regional ED leaders will talk about EG tonight with WI Entrepreneurs Network
What do #GWU kids do while they're in the hospital? Apply for internships.
Can't wait until we get to work with !!! Thanks again for the opportunity!
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
Happy Birthday LEAPYEAR babies! Youre the youngest people on the planet and have saved your parents and families a bundle on birthday gifts!
RT : Live your life so that by some little thing you will improve our world just by living. --Joe Paterno 1973 PSU Commencement
What conference are you at and who wants to report on it for LJ? (Assuming my boss says yes.)
Thanks for the #ff! We return it on a Saturday.
What state are you guys in?
Tell us: If You could fix any problem in our world today, what would it be? We want to RT what you feel are the greatest needs!
Thanks to all OKC Party Bus riders for a great and busy weekend! We still have availability for this Thurs. night so call now to book!
- cutting the grass wyd ?
You'll always be the most unique person in the world because there will only ever be one you. Hope you have a good week.
Same Damn Time
The Fray+National Anthem=Terrible
lol u tell me :) haha where u at
At the school carnival wit my friends not all claw but ima try to have fun LOL party time lmaoo
check out some of my music lemme kno what you think
u welcome :)
Make a wish and say i hope you come true 1,2,3,4 soon as you walk through the door counting 5,6,7,8,9 one million thoughts quick hit my mind
thx for the support and see you guys next week!
Is looking forward to attending #ASHE11 in Charlotte for Hopkins.
Way to compete! RT : How bout 'dem Hawks & !!!
I don't even know who Begal is, so I'll defer. But I do know Baggot is terible.
Exactly, but they called Jagr a traitor, said he should be removed from the Pens record books and banners
all the dang time
last summer night :) its bittersweet
sorry baby cuz, it will get better. xoxo
Going to the game with the wife
Yes. The church just south of Chickasaw, on the east side of Perkins. Found in the attic.
My step mom does this all the time. She goes drinking at night and skips work the next day 'cause she's having a hangover.
So happy i gotta twitter pg now... Im tired of FONKBOOK... Yaaaaaaayyyyyyy
i really want to grill something.
Huge funny this weekend at the Dog! Fri: Thunderlips For The Holidays! Sat: This Improvised Life! Shows 9pm Cost $8
GE,Wall St, have everything to gain from a Republican winner in 2012. GE owns MSNBC. MSNBC is dividing progressives 4 corporate advantage.
Good Morning Justin, Happy Mothers Day to your mom hope you two and the whole Bieber family have a great day
has a sexy JB Icon :-)
Dear wheel of fortune game, don't limit me to 7 turns and then make me land on the bankrupt 6 of those 7 turns. thanks.
RSVP N/Ph/E to: Come April18at814pEst Live-Web-Demo EZMarketing Tool Featurin Video Emails & Hot EZMobile Marketing!
Can we all just agree to ignore whatever comes after Blue Ray? I don't want to have to restart my collection...again.
in DC
consider it done
it's weird when ur talking about something and someone's like "I know what it's like"... u cant ever experience something the EXACT same way
You r not a failure until u start blaming everyone else around u!!!!!!!!
And so begins the war on 3 fronts! RT : FLASH: Obama has approved use of armed drones in Libya, missions are starting
Study finds 4 oral bacteria in atherosclerotic plaque as passing from mouth to the blood stream & affecting heart health. www.closys.com
Can't believe Ringer and Secret Circle were cancelled.
It's almost here!
And it was really good cake too.
I had something extremely important to say......
I kind of miss him already;
Count me in!
Chocolate shake before work? Sounds like a plan.
What artist would you love to see live?
Look at y'all.
-----> RT : Girls w/ small B-cups & big butts who don't wear bra's, I love y'all.
If they snag you, make it a publicity stunt -"Rochester cupcake legend feeds the masses at the airport, because TSA stinks"
I feel for D-Rose
Good Morning.. How about dem PACKERS! :)
If you say Yes to what is, you become a magnet for possibility.
After having one of the worst days ever,I spend some much needed time with my family <3
good luck!
happy birthday to my favorite amazing junior gymnast :)
I hear there were cookies.
CMU students arguing about the quality of gourmet cupcakes. Yep. That happened.
FOODS THAT HEAL: Food of the month: teff: Eating foods that are high in fibre, like teff, will help maintain proper bowel health and ...
the first tremont scoops visit of the year, and I missed it. :'(
Sure, no problem :)
Shirley Manson interview: Breaking up the garbage girl - The Guardian
real good. Won all my matches today.
Strand Events Today: Dinner and a Movie - Grease Dinner starts 6:30pm Movie at 8:15pm - FREE popcorn
luck, I'm jealous log up your thinking
Im so pumped for the Dani DaOrtiz lecture. If you don't know who he is then YouTube him. Pimp!
asks is #mobilebanking enough? what are the responsibilities?
Vogue !!!! Love her scent and the wrap dress. BTW, I met the founders of Benefit at the Rome, Italy Sephora today!!
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please :) 11
how is it/she?
RT : Congrats ! RT : PBWA gives #Bucks the Bryan McIntyre award for a PR staff that consistently goes above & beyond.
Great night tonight with and :) can't wait til Tuesday:)
Rockin' the snow storm in my Birthday #Sorels thanks to Ali and !
hmm, not much beer in my fridge that is less than 9%.
Do more than is needed. The extra mile that you walk makes all the variation.
Congrats on finish! Registered to run #chimarathon but battling injury
I really like this quote it makes sence.
can't I work tomorrow.
you chicks better bring ur butts out tonight. Lets paint the #capcity "blue" tonight! :)
Does your staff promote ebooks? Encourage them to! Patrons need to know abt ALL services.
For some post-Insquared hanging out tonight with & join us after 7 at
Hahahahahaha I saw the claymore, backed up, started shooting at it & at the same time suddenly cesar walked in & it exploded xD final kill
Can you buy a #MegaMillions lotto ticket any where in Arizona?
How nice. Guess I need to change the password
Like our page Lovely Hair LLC
RT : OKC not fucking around though. They about to get their King Joffrey on.
Lol @ my professor shitting on this guy's attempt at small talk.
I can show u around with p diddy
You can't keep running from things that you fear or things tht bother you
she said Niall's ugly. okay, brb. i need to sharpen my knife.
how is it? What system ya on? Working through bioshock 2 right now, myself :]
#Subways Chipotle Chicken on flatbread with extra Southwest Sauce is like crack.
Save the money FOR an Ipod!
We'd like to give the opportunity to redeem the table she won last week but wasnt able to attend. If not we'll pick another!
My head is hurting :/
good luck
so true aniqa!
mommy let me hang out with my friends this isnt fun
An OZONE ACTION ALERT has been issued and is in effect until 4 p.m. tomorrow for the Front Range region.
Money ball would have been so much better if Hoffman, during his role as the manager, used Capotes voice
Today's Soup Is Moroccan Lentil-Vegetarian, Dairy Free & Gluten Free Goodness. Now check out the rest of our lunch menu...
Big props to #SportingKC for playing "Sabotage" before tonight's match!
no one cares Kyle....
I wish these kids would stop spelling words with z at the end..you are NOT tupac......bad dog...
BIG OLE BUCKETFULLS OF REGRET.
I def wanna delete this but dnt kno how
lmao at least he likes his Sagittarius's we got hope!! L
Just got HBO simply for game of thrones
The city has a demolition order for 3851 Kevin (Behind Staples on 38th Street). Structure was built and now has storm damage.
If I were David Stern #nbalockout #nba #nfl #football #nbapa #nflpa www.weeklylineup.net
One of THOSE days! Down sick, little guy is cranky & everything I have he wants, including my glass of milk. 4-year-olds!
The robots in this car assembly line move with lifelike precision and fluidity - could have been programmed by Pixar!
... why the hell do i have a twitter -___-
Demo is recorded. Waiting for edits and finished product.
Freedom is found only when people know the truth, so honesty with yourself and others is the only way to liberation.
"Oracle is reviewing the Sun roadmap and will provide guidance to customers in accordance with its standard product communication policies."
Making sketches for the holiday card extravaganza. Thus far my "star" designs look like starfish - not quite right I fear....
Stephen Coletti is so fucking hot, gosh why can't I marry him I've had a crush for years,
it was a total Rick Perry "oops" moment!
not a problem! Let us know if something comes up!
went to world of coke,
Wow, the kid just gave an explanation of the irrationality of women that was as good as any one I've heard
Baking them! 1st rise was unimpressive. RT : dunno but I'd still bake them. Did they do well for the first rise?
When the head aches, all the body is the worse. ~English Proverb
So, getting tattoos hurts like a bitch.
no I didn't! You never told me when!
pretty pleasee follow its means alottt
#PoeticJustice is a great movie for social commentary on the plights that occur in Black Love. Tupac's performance was underrated.
We've all been there, it happens! “: Got my first kind of bad grade on a paper, ever. Bummed out. #libraryschool”
Although I do love Will Ferrel and was joygasming when heard about Anchorman 2....which BETTER be good or I'll cry. =(
Seriously. Watch the video.
T4 - people hate marketing when the "feel" marketed towards.
Saturday, April 14, 2012, it'll be end of the losing streak. Join us at the to witness this moment.
wow is the coolest person we know.
I found you more inscriptions yesterday! See you soon!
yeah Jesse it looks sickk as fuckk
The other day I got banned from laser tag. Apparently you can't use your knife to save ammo.
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <3ß009
"Sometimes there just arent enough rocks"...
Does anybody else think this guy is handsome ---> ?
sweet!!! Can't wait to get mine! See you sat..
interesting! I want to know more :)
truth. is a solid addition. I'll see what I can do...
..and a bag of peanuts.
Thank you for the wonderful cupcakes, we enjoyed them!
Yes! MT : #DearG8, #Malnutrition btwn pregnancy & 2nd bday steers a life. Support nutrition=better health,education,economies.
I hate whn its concerts on rock quarry
We had three of the 20 most viewed posts on last week. Thanks for reading!
#MFFL Time to get loud!! have fun tonight bro
best poster ever made
Thanks for the info on tonight's Experience at Art Hop. #TheAvengers are great, but #WMU has its own comicbook superheroes.
#4496 haha I also use that number when I enter a numbergame :P aww! you're so pretty! <3___<3
You call it boring, I call you unsophisticated and impatient. A tradition like no other...
thought it would be a closer series
Why are you everybody's bitch? Lmao.
you have no idea how often kate and i talk about this. should make the switch now, esp now that our main antagonist is gone
Lamborghini mercy, you chick, she so thirsty
Huh imagine that saw #cowboy owner jerry jones on camera u dont see that very often
when your sitting there & your friend goes to the bathroom so you just look around the room like a lost puppy. #ShitJustGotAwkward .
Ask Jamie Dimon if he deserves to be paid $20 million a year.
Bon voyage tweeps. Off to San Jose,CA! ...imagine pomp and circumstance in the background : )
damn. I'm already back in Youngstown. Any chance will be going? Maybe I'll drive down then
A real email from a nun: "HELLO- WOULD HAVE TO BE AFTER AUGUST- SUMMER VERY FULL AND NOT QUIET DUE TO HAYING AND OTHJER WORKS-BLESSINGS, MH"
You're either in the dough or in the hole
bro are you working right now?
Do you know anyone in Argentina?
Why does my butt look bigger today?
“ " - freak out factor was my Term
yeah the GE/Bud ad still didn't do a ton for me even on full volume. Trying too hard to be American/blue collar maybe?
sucks lol I'm obsessed with her
Tonight! Picoso at The Eastside. Cheap beer and dancing for St. Patty's Day fun.
he has defense now?
Watched New Years Eve<3 it was adorable(:
Following the #tdf on Twitter while learning Python at Google.
Getting things together for show week with "Rite" premieres Friday
great meeting you today!
Tim #Tebow is just precious. If he thought Florida was bad, the women of NYC will throw themselves at him relentlessly.
good luck!
Lastly #IThankGod for his son #JesusCrist for being my savior. Amen!<U+26EA><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><U+2764>
OH KAY SEE!
But Happy St. Patricks Day to all you assholes that are already celebrating! <U+E110><U+E30C><U+E32B><U+E047>
My whole attitude is about to change ...just watch lol
Anyone in Amsterdam? Might be stuck here for a few days...
Let us know about your next gig to pass the word, U have a bliss for what you do, we'll be there when you are ready. good luck
Earth Day is Sunday, April 22! All week we'll by sending tips via twitter to get you in the spirit!
Come and get your gyros we're open till 3AM!!!
I wonder if is offline and I'm just talking to myself.
I did not even think of that. to to funny.
I'm good to :b
Web as platform and harnessing collective intelligence.
Wear your pajama's to work day! As a society we'll do anything to make up something to talk about. Generations 1023 explains sleep attire
Just realized who this is lbs! imy boo
right now, today...who would you want on your team: Randy Moss or Terrell Owens???
Court docs detail case against former Doernbecher nurse charged w/ child porn. 100's images-kids including infants. Officials:no patients
- iwanna choke this lil girl man . /:
Everyone saying that fame has gotten to .. what...
Taylor Swift Or Miley Cyrus?? Vote sexy people.
You ever feel like a tv show is part of your family? Entourage thanks for the memories!
Guess I better stick my head out of the door and see that! Thanks Pauley for sharing, been working too hard, time to take a break!
Best new classified ad site
Hey aren't you supposed to be working out to get ready for the season? Remember we are shooting for 50 save.
Her love her some snooky
Tick tock tick tock. The sound every reporter dreads. Especially when your story isn't coming through....
Sometimes going back to the drawing board is the way to go stay blessed !!!
your foursquare tweet had me cracking up. You're crazy. Hilarious, but crazy.
If you call Sharon she will probably let Doke come play with you. I got to see him twice yesterday
Great show in Indy tonight & it was great to meet you after the show!
#ff love all around!
2 tires are the way to go today
I'm going to watch 'America's Got Talent' because I really feel this is the season in which someone will be killed.
Which district do you live in?
Nature is an infinite sphere whose center is everywhere and whose circumference is nowhere. <U+2015> Blaise Pascal
Let's do math, dinner in3 hrs leaving ny now, 7 hrs to Pittsburgh...after 35 hrs of packing & a gallon of kombucha will I still get turkey?
I don't know. Free accounts who think they should have the services of a $800 a month dedicated customer.
Yesterday=most beautiful day you could ask for. Today=snowing.
how about a RT for the #LASERSHOWMUDDYCHICKEN!
#Rangers power play is cooking tonight
Thanks for the follow:)
It's a beautiful day! A beautiful marriage starts with the # UWP Ultimate Wedding Package.
YOYO!!!! Hahaha ok ok good I was expecting you to be ready girl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
#FavoriteSong at the moment is "Whip Appeal" by Frank Ocean
lol yea and im reppin it! thanks for the birthday wishes lol
How do I get a girlfriend
And I would be rich if they did.
So nobody knows where this $200 date crap came from?
Just one more hour of work.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
so happy to have you all this morning!
i got the numbers big ass sound system for mosh hard, everyone will die
Getting ready for school! Straightning my hair -_-
Thanks for the follow.
Great run with #TeamMCVET as always.
Who the effff sniffs their knee?
You can never enjoy the fruit, if your not willing to risk climbing out to the end of the branch to get it
RT CRAZY FACT: Having eye contact for more than 6 seconds without looking away or blinking reveals a desire for either sex or murder”
and for feed links
Spread the Word to End the Word
Thanks for the encouragement! I'm very excited.
¤ Words calculated to catch everyone may catch no one. Adlai E. Jr. Stevenson
when u gunna be able to play?
What was Brendan Donnelly's ERA for the Tribe?
We are busy, busy and we need some interns....
Me Too! The oven is ON! lol
“: The University of Florida has an emergency plan in case of a sudden "Zombie" attack.”IM GOING TO FLORIDA!!!!
Yes! I was just listening to them on the way to Eau Claire with Jazz Workshop!
tune in to 's Life class... is on. Good stuff.
see you soon! Super excited!!
lol ya its all about getting it done correctly lol
I know a drum set that could use some company.
There's nothing like peeing to "Bobby McGee" on ur mp3. Try it.
That one time I slept through the entire movie.....
haha you could have just done a #FS ;) but oh well xD
Isn't anyone gonna bring up Peggy's baby ever? Lol. Wtf.
finger roll from McGee this is sick
in some classes I do and have had to stop a video, just cancel activity, because students talking 2 each other & not watching
Would you feel bad if you looked in a funhouse mirror and looked gorgeous?
I tell it differently!
Haha! Another headache for Samuel Beckett... RT Is it "Waiting for Godot" or "Waiting for Good Dough" ?
#becauseofkianandsam I'm obsessed with watching YouTube videos.
Going to Capitol Hill today to talk about the early detection of
So my CD player in my car died and I am rediscovering some old mix tapes (yes, my car is 9 yrs old). Sounds good, but some are really dated.
Doctors, poison control experts say 'cinnamon challenge' dare is dangerous - WPTV
I would love to check the timeline, problem is, I'm blocked. Typical Rochester business.
okay, thank you.
#Dear God,I just wanted to say thank You for another day. Watch over my family and friends today, bless us-
Just dropped my brother off at his improv class and hit the Atl record shops...
Is it too early for poetry in motion jokes?
Almost fell for an interesting phishing attack... When paying for events on EventBrite make sure it's not a clone page of the real event
Developing a bad habit of writing the entirety of papers on the day they're due. But if I could do it for the 10 pager I can do it on a 5-er
i tweeted warped tour to have them let u play in 2012 <3 u deserve it. im trying everything i can. u work so hard!!!!! :'')
I have to save the episode until tomorrow. :( But I'm sure it's great!
Reception is apparently better, but Verizon phone service is BAD...
I can't really get mad that Rand Paul said Obama's Views couldn't get any gayer. I think it's the right of any gay man to say that.
Talk that #Netflix is a buyout target. Kind of like MySpace. PO the customers, suck the money out & sell. Suckers.
that Christ our God will spare you, Who is everywhere present and fillest all things!
:) yea. british girls are reem... most of them, anyway. some are too salty for my liking. lol
nice QC strip today. More dimensions to Sven; poor Hanners!
Pursue your biz venture...“Like to hunt? Write? Make a video? is looking for testers. Part of it is a free Mitt for you! why you!?”
thank you and amen yall
trying to figure out what to make for breakfast...
Congrats Trita! I'll buy it and encourage ppl to do so.
"I never successfully used a club to get my ball on the green"? What does that even mean? And, dude, Andy...
More people see your content off your site than on your own website.
is in the dark.
Owner Ashley Grant made her special toffee for friends as gifts, and the response was so overwhelming...Magnolia Bay Toffee was born!
My ex is tryna get at a tranny lmao
Rest in peace to Oakland Raiders owner Al Davis. Expecting to see the silver and black play big tomorrow in Houston.
even wen u switch pants?
*~i was sittin on da phone all day tryn win dese summer jam 15 tickets to see u i gt #3 all da tme hpe i get dem or ima buy~*
You're right - the games are just so small!
Interns! Looks great! And I always love a good laugh!
Wow, we've got over 1,100 Fans...thanks for spreading the word about ADAPT Training!
craving a good
One more week and then you better hide your macaroons!
My parents fell in love with earlier this year, so we're going south for Thanksgiving! In theory, anyway.
CROCKER CLUB GRAND OPENING TONIGHT w/ & more!!! 9p-2a 453 S. Spring St. DTLA NO COVER
Just learned about NSErrorMergePolicy - neat locking policies
NC mills provided gray cloth for the Confederate Army. See how current artists are transforming fabric usage in SECCA's "Out of Fashion."
Congrats to the for a great win. They beat the Packers, 49ers and Patriots. Clearly deserve to be called world champions.
Coming off a great #EBLF meeting. Thanks to all of our members for another successful forum.
"The year that is drawing toward its close has been filled with blessings of fruitful fields and healthful skies" -Lincoln on Thanksgiving
the wifi always act stupid in my mommy room.
Thus the self-deprecating go me. But yeah, still enjoyed it.
Gavin IS sexy and sensual! Sign me up!
I meant #arabcowboy LOL obviously I'm a first timer!!
I cant believe I'm actually seeing The Maine live! #MaybeEvenMeetThem <3
what a phenomenal weekend! The days are definitely getting shorter & I cannot believe how fast time is flying on by.
eating a popsicle that taste like 7Up pop!its good stuff,haha!
yeah just got back tonight...tues or thurs would be best
they prob said it w a sigh of relief!
You've inspired me to re-embrace Twitter! Sitting in on David Kelley's session at #astdtk12 now.
I concur
Now that the family computing devices are working again, it must be time to venture home.
Only part that really needs to be looked at is the publishing part. And extra in bold to make sure G SS is properly formatted
F the system man.
think it's time to change.
My friend is troubled.
Why is this restaurant showing Insanity workout commercial..while I enjoy my fattening brunch with my sons # justwrong
you already know. <U+270C>
What a great time, last night! Spent it with friends and had SO much fun! Even won some $$$'s, playing roulette!! :)
I've arrived in Tiffin, Ohio after an unexpectedly difficult day. Butt cheeks are very bloody. #tmi #ReturnToDuty gunnin for Indy tomorrow
Vic's shoe repair off Soledad. Picking them up Friday!
about a Frenchie "when I make eye contact with you it's like I'm being blessed by the pope."
I love Chicago
Congrats on your last day of classes!
Everything is never perfect in your life but the key is to just be grateful for what is. -Chicmom
Just left my 2nd favorite restaurant in the world. Big ups Tao Asian Bistro.
Up late filing photos for a client. Looking forward to a commercial shoot tomorrow!
It is confirmed: I still must be an actor. Thanks to the cast of Wit and its writer, Margaret Edson.
Thanks for the follow!
Neat VA link! RT Today,1611: William Shakespeare's players present the first recorded performance of The Tempest. bit.ly/h4Z1Pb
“: Complete this sentence... 'Listening to 'Up All Night' makes me feel _beautiful___' 1DHQ x”
so true....we should find out. It is Friday the 13th....hmm.
It eluded us then, but that’s no matter — tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther.... And one fine morning —
Yeah its tomorrow but I appreciate the birthday wish! Im from the south so I'm southern but Im not THAT country.
What a wonderful weekend at the Castle! I hope to see you again soon!
"I know voices can be imitated" + "I know we're all afraid of being misunderstood" fav lines nicely done
We would love to hear "Honestly" by on ! :)
Nope. Watched a recording of Bones.
I'm sorry I can't help how smart I am!
Standing in LAX Terminal 3 and all power goes out... the entire terminal. Its been 20 mins and still no response from an authority.
when does casting start for the Kandi factory??
and accept the fact that somebody loves her
is working on some site updates and marketing plans
fine you were getting ready to go into high school,still the same thing,in a way!(: haha
Very nice; enjoy the scenery and safe travels!
I've been obsessed with the Jonas Brothers since 2005. To this day, I could never picture myself not being a #1 fan of theirs.
ot in sf....great game! ....let's go 49ers
time to sleep. hopefully i can wake up at 6am!
heck yeah, but want to read the book before watching
That will be the goal: a night of being shouted at.
I Just Ssen This Sexy Ass Asian Chick N She Wuz Speakin Her Language 2 One Of Her friend N I Swear I Think She Just Said My Nigga.
Going on hour 11 in the same spot
My pleasure! As the father of 5 children under age of 13, i truly appreciate your product and am using it!
That's the plan!! :) I feel pretty good though. Just swollen sore feet. :-/ I've had such an e-z pregnancy, so I can't complain.
jason wants me to tweet jordan pictures and he said trust me and then said he was trying to do something for me, what??
"Talk about our future like we had a clue." x
I would go #BadBoyReunionTour ft Puff, the Lox, Mase, 112, Total, Junior Mafia, Craig Mac etc.
yellow kit would be a nice alternate
Okay, Chicagoans. Don't forget: April 11, for a reading/discussion. April 12, for an Artists' Event. Come join!
Hm Did you get lost on your way to Cincinnati??? You should probably invest in a GPS
Day before race parade and already out of donuts and a lot of other stuff
My life has been made. Dolan spoke to me.
Not looking at my timeline......I don't wanna know who won #TheVoice #WestCoastGirl gotta wait !):
Hope everyone had a FANTASTIC New Year!!!! Love the ladies of Black Hole
ima change it wen i go ta mi auntie house after mi bball practice
Where ya know me from?
I guess that's just the way life is.
It's pi day...25 years ago that would have excited me! ;)
yeah not really
Yeah...I'm discovering that. Nat Geo's photography (of people) has issues too, but wildlife photos are gorgeous.
Just looked through a poem in progress by wonderful writer grappling with the portrayal of tragedy...deep stuff but slippery.
Congrats for being the featured business!
Continuing on hiatus from facebook/twitter 'til I finish the verse novel. Or at least a presentable draft.
yeaa me too, i be ready to GO ! .. but this year or next year my skoo makin summer start in june & end in august likee o.O
How the World Began at Women's Project Theater is terrific! And new Twitter friend, the actor-teacher-director extraordinaire
Signing new contracts today with my new commercial agent! :) Coming soon to an ad campaign near you . . . Elizabeth Mihelich :)
Queen of Pop, Whitney Houston <U+2665> Rest In Paradise
still extremely embarrassed. fuck i hate all my friends right now i cant believe they did that to me.
My daddy got one more time to "accidentally" open my mail before I "accidentally" knock him upside his head. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
of course!
I'd rather listen to the entire catalog of Rush than repeat the past 24 hours. Things are better now, though- yay!
too late homies!
Ugh, am not watching those RT Latest recommended category from Netflix: Feel-good Mid-Life-Crisis Comedies
No one else can control what you choose to focus on. No one else can move your body or act on your part...besides you.
so much emotion
I'm pretty sure that's how i got in, knowing real memory management
dieting and exercise have become a focus for my obsessive tendencies, which is nice, because they result in being healthier
You just can't argue wth bullet points.
shout out to whoever left the popcorn machine on and almost set the breakroom on fire
not feeling them HOGS
WOW....Hey what happened????
hola, im new to twitter... Photographer in Boston, hit me up if u need pics. Keep up great work...
I can't stand gatekeepers of any stripe. Especially doormen
you should tweet about this band called ! you'd love their music!
So happy you came in tonight, hope your dinner was even half as fab as you are! ;)
Aww, gonna miss you, then. Headed to Funk Night at St. Andrews.
#iwasthekid that asked for a dollar every time i seen a grown up
trying to he near u
JUST IN to CNN: Special prosecutor Angela Corey in #TrayvonMartin case says she will NOT use grand jury to prosecute
you can email me at
My glass is half empty at the moment =/
come over! We aren't eating until after the newscast :)
sweet!! But as far as shaving its pinas there rules out there man lol
So ready for Memphis in May. Who wants to come with?
Duh. I never questioned that. Whore. RT endorse this idea.
they're okay, but icebats are clearly the superior ugly doll
A warm morning calls for a cool treat. Iced lattes and smoothies await!
If the Packers hit on all three of their defensive guys this will be a much improved DE. Exactly what the doctor ordered.
Good music never gets old!
no filming enjoy your weekend
i got one of those thingys u posted a pic of lol
Thanks for #followfriday!
Yooo! What's Up With You & Ian? When Is The Wedding ?
not sure. Should I? No What about ?
one of the basic needs ;)
Happy Saint Patty's Day to all.. Wear green, have fun, & be safe .. 8-)
Did an interview today for a documentary on Team Type 2. They will be here in a couple of weeks to shoot training.
Ryan is my favorite so far. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Trying out instead of Which do you use?
NOW I'm expecting a follow back. I unfollowed for you.
We have Empanadas today. In addition to our Chicken or Cheese, we also have Pulled Pork today!
Duck and cover for the Shake Out! RT : Did anyone feel that shaking?
Man Vs Wild! Boom!
Do I see sheets of plastic in your future?
I'm reserving all of my smart ass remarks....
I have very big shoes to fill, as is truly one of a kind. Here's to continuing to serve #Bmore through his vision.
Like david & goliath I conquered the giant
is coming back to me soon...yayayayay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Thanks for checking in! We hope you had a great night at Mizu!
MY PARENTS ARE COMING TO MINNESOTA.
Also now booked for #vra_arlis2011 Who!
The countdown begins for Miss Earth 2011!
hey, I meant to ask, how're the pens doing?!
The last time I changed the channel (Game 1) my grizzes lost so ima stay tuned
Just found out I am getting stood up Friday. Wow
Out of gas near USC campus.. Walking to gas station after midnight to fill gas can. Will miss u all. Hope I didn't owe u money.
I havent had a PB & J in a long time.... that might be my lunch tomorrow... (:
This is trouble... Happy Birthday!! RT HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!! Free burger with any purchase, starting...... now. :)
Hey #thesiswp community: what qualities are most important to you in a Thesis skin? What would you love to see that isn't available now?
Super awkward when people face you instead of the door in elevators...
Having more followers on twitter than friends on Facebook >>>>>
Thanks guys! Pressure is on now.
Yes it is! RT New music in #Baltimore is alive and well! Such an enthusiastic audience!
wow Haley is looking so good right now..
Message me your email address and I'll send it. I believe it's God's way of showing they're still with us too. (:
Reasoner fans on a shot but it trickles towards the net and almost fools Turco.
yeah kinda. Im from LA originally. Its definitely not the same haha
I remember walking for something and getting the Can't Truss It single. Forget what it was.
2.5 hours of sleep is not adequate for a 14-hour workday.
Have you seen Last Day in Madrid? #e206 undefined
mhm :( he'll be out for 6 weeks. there goes my red sox... down the motherfucking toilet.
I get what I want... a boy that really loves me, now I just reject him ?
yes please we are at 7th come see us now and then later too
You're Welcome Very excited for you :)
I would chirp your #flyers up, but you're probably binge drinking right now
in theater news, the parts ways with
Thanks ursulas! While there's a fair amount of evidence 4 carnitine, we still have the classic problem of limited long term data.
CARLOS TEVEEEZZ!! Welcome back! 20 quid says he scores tonight!
Vikings fumbilitis, that horrid pickFarve, no holding, and the DPI. ugh.
Baseball is "always in my heart"
I am a little shameless when selecting a Customs officer. Male, approachable - and I give him same smile I give bartenders, chefs, the Pope.
Hey your Gala is May 17th? What are the details? It sounds exciting!
#WhenISeeU I wanna punch you in the face!!
Kush Cowboys (T3 & Chris Smokes) - Scale Gang (A Wildfire Film)
I love watching these contest videos! (:
"Truth is like oil; no matter the quantity of water you pour on it, it will always float."
14 students on the Waiting List for DEATH CURE (our library only serves 240). Pre-ordered 4 copies:)
Don't think that would go over too well lol
relaxen how r u
Enjoying a nice cup of joe like a dirty hipster would
Thank you for the mention! You'll LOVE my GOLPH card game! :)
Everybody did good tonight I promise I love gospel
We'll be crewing up for some shoots soon. If interested in joining us, e-mail with your info, avaiability, & details.
This Vegas Nights mix is crazy!! Do you remember when we played Guitar Hero with J Mazzotta at Univ of the Pacific? hahaha
Is it really only tuesday?!
If doesn't win The Voice...I will be sincerely disappointed in America. The show is called THE VOICE, he has it.
Its good feeling to know that someone somewhere is looking forward to talking to you again <U+2665>
of course
Host a Party on November 12th and receive $25 in free Passion Party Items! *Book Today!*
We're sorry to hear about this. Do you have a time and location this happened? Thank you.
Your team's still doing well overall. They've got the Phillies up next.
#NP The Waiting to Exhale Soundtrack....hands down THEE BEST movie soundtrack...period!!
God gave me you for the ups and downs!<3
in our awesome city this weekend, #indy. Don't miss it! Only $15 for 150 bands-- can't beat that!
called the wh-word in Chem today (;
Beaten paths are for beaten men. -- Eric Johnson
“: 3-5 pages means 3 pages” exactly my plan.
stuff in the teachers lounge upstairs and put it in the halls
Johnny’s pizza is to NFL Sunday as peanut butter is to___________
are u going both days?
(Angelo and Veronica) We met at Pastor Courtney McBath's. Great to see you! How is Lisa? Just wanted to say "hello"!
I followed you!
Ikr, or911~> RT : Whenever I fill out forms and it says "If an Emergency, notify..." I put 'DOCTOR'. What is my mother gonna do?
Paul, what an honor, Good Friend! Thanks so much for the RT. :-)
Only 26 lit terms done..
Voracek is so garbage.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, courage to change the things I can, and wisdom to know the difference.
I'm itching to get out in the wilderness! Planning first camping weekend of the season for next weekend. Weather permitting.
Wade's angry face is sexy aha
R/T Chakra ultra lounge Live Tuesdays All Talent Welcome Get heard $5admission all night 2for 1drinks
Everyone has feelings but I think you're the one who is missing that!
Someone just pronounced Steve Jobs last name as Joe-bz (long 'o'?). Not offended, but that had to be on purpose to appear ironic/cool,right?
Yama sushi is better. Hehehe. Miss ya too! :-)
Didn't audition today? No problem! The final chance to audition for #Neighborhood3:RequisitionofDoom is Monday at 6 pm.
hey boo I'm good. Ready to blow iit up lol but good. How about u?
I've been hooked on those granola bars since STAAR, lol .
I really need some product too. I need shampoo, & some kind of soft mousse so I can wear my hair waivey, but not frizzy/poofy.
I have an official trucker suntan on left arm.
Oh good. You're back. What the hell are you talking about?
for the 4 hour drive back home!! If i could make some plans and see friends, I'd make the trip!
Hashtags. While all of you out there are asking "Why?" My response is simple. "Why not?"
Strong undercurrent in the room desiring *action*, participants' voices coming thru clearly during Q&A.
you're way behind on approving posterous items. Shake a leg.
An ill mannered convict came up to Mad Jack and said, Play me some of that harp. Mad Jack replied, fuck off and with that the two convicts
Here at Jackson's LODO and ready to Party!!
My eyes feel weird...o_O
RIP Donna Summer wow i used 2 party w/ her at El Privado (any1 remember club) She was very nice, delightfully so & very talented
That's right man
I don't have the prettiest face for you to see or the skinniest waist for you to hold, but I do have the biggest heart to love you with.
I'll be there in just a few minutes :)
Luckily my hair doesn't get split ends easily :-)
Lol, i thought she did. Either way, you guys are sweet hearts. Although, someone in there told coach, cause she called the
As soon as anyone else I know (besides you) starts using it actively :-)
just informed me that I am not allowed to wear a hood to sweat while I work out... I hope my shoes are the proper ones
For some reason, today, I find the very idea of Steak-umm to be hilarious.
I would rather stab myself in the eye than go to school.
well go see if I'm following you. I follow you and you follow me but then you unfollow me.
Sitting outside myjob lonely noone to talk to by myself ugh these are times I wish I had a car
YAY!! RT We encourage singing during the outdoor musical screenings, so go ahead and sing your heart out Mandy.
It's funny how hoes show love in V.I.P
please stand up, please stand up.
insecurity is not a good color. Is that how u spell it:?
The message just sent me>>>>>
those are delicious.
Recalibrated by coffee after sleeping in till 8:30... This must be the golden years!
Careful man, there's an imaginary beverage here.
I Hatee The Fact That School Is In 4 More Dayss. This Summer Went Byy So FAST!
Beginning the day long journey to Louisville, KY with the Mary Poppins tour :)
Ugh, cold season started early - had it since Friday; son got it week before and nicely shared wtih Mom...
This Blunt IM Blunt Facein Is For Artwon : ) R.i.p Bruh
nope. its funny deau
meh not really Carly raw jepson the wanted dev and Enrique is all i really care about :)
#4WordsAfterWackSex "why did you cry?"
The home fragrance collection is amazing. Love the packaging and attention to detail in the design not to mention THE FRANGRANCE
Yes! There we go!
and don't trip...i told jordan you could see him on the 2nd tuesday of the week ;)
#DancerProblems Practicing in the same kicks til they start ripping.
If they are trying to up bway tkt sales, they're going to need some better musicals
Rain rain go away...you're Fuckin up my night
Bridesmaids is the funniest movie EVER.
Most relationships fail not because the absence of love, but because girls love to much and guys love to many.
365 days from now, he's coming back <3. I am way too happy :)
Dude your team hates you.
fellen love yet ounce again i dont this guy this much i always see him in the same spot every fuckin day
For those that we have recently followed, we ask that you all please take the time to follow us! Thanks and God bless :)
Check out 's verse at 7:40 on 98.5 The Beat
Big thanks to ObiWhanKenobi for making Holiday Tweetup happy
#mahonebodyparts = swag team
Going to hop on a Green Line train and ride it to Roosevelt to go to the Walgreens right off the station.
All the best and happy new year to you all!
AMAYA XTS now comes standard with a much improved Wide Angel Cap Frame Driver, Utility Cart, and AMAYA OS V10.
Homework Sucks..! e_e
Jealous, jealous, jealous... Have fun!
Let us know what your favorite soup is!!!
i did that day! total poser.
Be back later to find smh been missing TOO long
Companies that solely focus on competition will ultimately die. Those that focus on value creation will thrive | Edward de Bono
There are a lot of great country songs out there, more that havnt been heard by many but 'People Are Crazy' is up there with one of the best
At with just saw local celebrity ! Can't wait to eat!
RT “Man can live about 40 days without food..." No way. The mere thought of one day without food sends me stockpiling.
At Topsail Island, NC for the next week...hope for no jellyfish!
Life is a faith walk not a cake walk......thank you BC.
Fuck yeah dude!
you two made me smile tonight! :D
Generally, you're worthy. Think otherwise and you'll just shrink.
when I type this I see "From mkbackus Hide" above. Is it suppose to be like that or do I unhide it???
Ok, so who wants to meet JLS backstage on 2 July? Check out The Daily Record today, p.14.
denial flows like a river on #MauryPovich! chik got 2 test results that said her lt skined BF was not the father! yet she cant believe it!
lmao! She's sat on my head and she weighs a tonne!
Also follow "covers activist & progressive news for the Tucson Citizen"—"Tactics mean doing what you can with what you have"
nope im working like a sexy slave -___-
farmiliar (adj) : when someone nasty you know bears strange resemblance to a farm animal.
2/2 after the tings I want like becoming a singer and u know who just made me realize that justin bieber so thank you jb (#NeverSayNever)
I've always been a lebron fan .
I'll be next after Steve in downtown Kenosha. 6.3 miles leg. We are now 130 miles into the race.
Inspiring teachers help, but I think we should focus on helping faculty become more thoughtful instructional designers.
wow this girl on here with the retard painted walls is pissing me off..
I would like to thank the designer of the new Beckham H&M ad for making the world a better place.
I'm actually her unborn fetus.
<U+200E> is going to be hosting our big #4G4!! Get your tix people! This party is going to be awesome!
Great question: how are we best serving/engaging males?
trying to find tickets to SanFrancisco.....prices are outrageous right now....hoping for a last minute deal....
The site may continue to be down for a little longer yet, but we're on it. Very frustrated but very on it.
The #horriblemoment when you're laying down and you #realize that you have to drop the kids off at the pool!
Very impressive halftime entertainment!
Chilling w/ New Found Glory.
Have we lowered the bar so low that men are not even required to use self control
#DNC is a LOSER for thinking BenNelson leaving Senate is a loss. It's a WIN fools! No more holding your ass hostage for kickbacks.
Some days, I miss the sound of a 2400 baud modem connecting.
FLURISH plays tonight at 9pm. Smith's Olde Bar. Check it out!
Yes! Sometimes I forget "social media" is interactive-it should be social. It's about making connections & engaging
im praying for you everyday and god will help you with everything(: he loves you and he has an angel looking down at you(:
Ice cream and frozen chocolate chips . <U+2764>
Welcome to Friday!
Yes! RT Gigs will be extra fun tonight. Only heathens party on Passover and Good Friday.
he is a retard
Today should be great#Productive!!!
Great chat today w/ Sunnyvale Building Official, my first eGov client w/ nation's first ePermits system... Can't believe it's been 12 years!
Getting ready to kick off a meeting on managing and measuring cross-channel marketing. Great turnout!
Played soccer for the first time last night. You're supposed to scream and put your hands up when the ball comes at your head, right?
OH MY GOSH, I KNOW RIGHT! HE HAS GREENISH EYES OH BABY.<3 WITH A SIX PACK. LIKE HOLA PAPI ;))
Do you have the pic from Volleyball Championship night on here?
I won't give up on us even when the skies get rough. I'll give anyone my love. I'm still looking up.
*:)* And it's all true. *he kisses you again*
Is a sweet girl! Stop The Hate! #Don'tHateAppreciate
woman who "Think Like a Man " will get dumped 4 a woman who thinks like a Lady!
keep you informed. Thx
YOU! I am. I work during the day this whole week, but Thursday afternoon : bags, beers, bourne.
Myla woke up at 6 this morning and wanted to play in the snow. My guess? She'll be an icicle before she comes inside.
Hey Mel! Have u heard anything about the stand-by line today? I'm heading that way now but wanted to check in. Thanks!
Bruins-Canucks just another game? No way! Looks like our Big Bad Bruins of the 70s.
#ilovemymombecause shes the best woman to ever love me.
Hmm, I don't know. Anything I could.
Glad we're no in Denmark.
Pigs are flying: my beer/pizza brother is planning to cook a homemade meal including asparagus, arugula AND beets.
that's good! I need to finally meet him and nope Ridin solo! Haha
I had popped off Twitter by the time you checked in. :( Sorry to have missed you!
We got the sushi delivery down, barbie! : Sushi and wine should deliver.
they saved the real Jesus!
you should just give up
Need a restock of the Redeye at Ridgeland CTA station. "thanks."
Music is always my solution xx
It's really tough to change your email address. Even though you tell people, they'll still use the old one. Choose wisely!
Happi Pi Day! Eat a pizza and some blueberry pie a la mode, and then you may calculate: 3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751
#LMSunSIG accessibility: what is our responsibility to make our online courses accessible to someone who might live across the country?
Smerfs the Movie starring Method Man & Tim Allen
very slick!
It takes time but you gotta put in the work if you want this as bad as you say.
I hate on all O'Briens!
I also like it a lot. JJ is ambivalent.
Patio will be open for our 70 degree day tomorrow! $10 off wine bottles all day and night! Thats from 8am - 1am!
Why is the Link Off Youtube,My people was promoting it
Should I be mad?? Never does 1 person win that I want to!
Great day for a 20 mile bike ride around Lake Monona.
I look good in them <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
“: One in five women in 1700s London were prostitutes” As Stam would say..worlds oldest occupation#Impressive comin from a tchr
"Mirna, loved the post <U+FFFD>some oldies but goodies and bunch of new ones too! Great job"
Oh my! My profile now says 999 Tweets! what do I do now?
First two weeks of TN Genealogical Society's VP & got most of the year planned. This weekend planning our Spring Lecture series, great year!
If you love Friday, you have a job. If you love Monday, you have a career via CEO RT if you agree.
True that!!!RT : Don't ever let anyone take away your sparkle.
Tried to explain to my chinese girlfriend why she'd have to accompany me to see The Avengers this weekend. Fell back on its's a guy thing.
what cheer team are you on?
Due July 5th
FedEx is faster for Amazon, and more reliable for international shipments. I use USPS for personal deliveries within the US.
#soschat Can someone point me to a good, thoughtful critique of CCSS?
I'm talking to the dolphin...
how long before the Catamount Coach is auto tuned???
So when do I get my "I survived Irene 2011" shirt?
: Since I have #TheHungerGames on my brain, I'm gonna go with Katniss Everdeen.
good morning! hard for me to stay regular w twitter since I can't get access at work and I work long days. how are things?
no I havent, I been around!!!!
hip replacement is no joke
Goodnight Justin. I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.#neversaynever ?
Did I tell u ur perfect? Well, Im telling again cause u have to know, everyone loves you and ur beautiful
Honing her skills in human observation and keeping the thin skin intact (thus far)
Off to celebrate 25 years of the Brittain Postdoctoral Fellowship at Georgia Tech.
make two dreams come true but following me nd 32
Awh man I meant to put <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> cuz we can't swap techniques lol
Well color me red hehe :-)
It's such a beautiful day today...I wish I was at the beach!
Photographing new items to add on Etsy this week! More scarves and mens tees coming up :)
Britney Spears tickets are too expensive WHY guess I'll just stick to youtube =(
it always does amaze me how uncommon common sense is! Xo J
Thank you so much for following--happy creating!
You can't say Kobe isn't clutch, 18 for 18 from the line and he took a beating every shot!
Hey Anna! Nice to tweet you, too! :)
Cell phones; fantastic reason not to talk to people with petitions.
Smartphone use is rising. As a multichannel retailer, use video QR codes on hangtags linked 2 useful videos as Columbia Sportswear has done.
the city flat tonight ant shit 2 do
Chiana:Good 2 hear from U. Come home soon!
oh okay well then imma check it out. Where is it at?
This weather sucks-_-
great article homie
Shes 17 and pitching a fit about being on her period...um i dont want to know her personal business...thats something u can keep to urself
“: Your time isn’t yesterday or tomorrow—it’s now. Get up and do something about it." The time is now, the place is here!
RT from Iran: Kamenei is under pressure and fighting for survival - without ANejad his authority is finished
Hines Ward beat up Kirstie Alley for dancing? That's horrible!
there were witnesses
#AATC Press panel now starting, moderating with
My body is so sore! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I think a lot but I don't say much.
This is not a lie. Loopy too! RT : We're a little bit loony today. Come by and see us! It'll be a good time!
Ill wait for you. But will you wait for me too?
aww no we do, we do! Just some students want to know where the quiet places in the library are so they can study quietly
With the crew
#oomf gotta nice rack :)
i dont care how it comes across..my twitter is not to please anyone and i dont want people telling me what to tweet.
Ugh. Amazon package went from KY to MS to THEIR DESTINATION then to GA and then back to MS. I don't understand how the mail works.
sounds like you just described Clinton, not Gingrich. #PeopleWhoLiveInGlassHouses- shouldn't condemn others' cheating
Are the Twins a bad team?
thanks! Wanted to make sure my vocabulary is correct.
#WeWontWork if you can't save some time to hangout with me.
thanks bro, I appreciate it.
You think the judge is going to buy that??
Annie Potts is my new Meryl Streep
Just tell 'em to F-OFF, straight up, honest, to the point. ;) If you need a friend, I'll tell 'em FOR ya. ;)
The first step in the acquisition of wisdom is silence, the second listening, the third memory, the fourth practice, the fifth teaching...
you're welcome!
so excited for you... :)
bristins game later with
The Bristol is a "local" Bob Evans and Ramsi's is a "local" Cheesecake Factory
Ha , caught this following VA ": Very sorry to hear you had a bad experience. Can you please follow back & DM...
happy to have y'all cowork with us today! make yourselves at home in our lil coworking home ^dw
that sounds so weird.. hahaha.
LeAnn Rhimes really knows how to make a bitch cry…
I take time today to exercise my body. I feel energized and alive.
Long days, but I know hard work pays so that moneys gettin long too
Help desk tickets are used for pedagogical issues, as well as technological issues - proper tracking.
thanks for following! Great space! I was there last summer and had a blast
Dear Mr. Dizon, why did you put something in the test that you didn't even taught us? Love, Me
Check out the Cybertour: Systems Librarians: Turning Individual Knowledge into Institutional Know-How at 3:30
Hospitality Marketing With Social Media – Internet Marketing Denver ...
yeah thats the worst ever...but i joke about it myself so people dont take pity either...but you're young to say that
cool! will check out. love that phrase
Leaving Philly. Thanks to everyone for making #mw2011 memorable and productive.
Wondering why isn't in Ft Wayne right now.
voting for #RNG making sure my whole family votes(;
Purchase-on-demand, aka patron-driven acquisition: generally upon 3rd view of #ebook from catalog.
well I think tht an 8th graders able to keep up with u is said
are you really blocking the trending of #troydavis?! i am totally disgusted.
Notre Dame, bikers, and football, all day today!!!
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet make it a trend !!!!!
I hate when shit gets fucked up.
you got a lot to learn
#thunder as a team is nasty. One of best offensive teams
I really do! Thank you! :)
played my set and mixing "Darling" at 'The Station'.
Why aren't you in #torchat right now? You're gonna regret it.
Using Twitter is sometimes like experiencing clear air turbulence. Never know if it will work properly or if they have placed a restriction.
So Justin is going to miss Kim's wedding for Selena? Thats a once and a lifetime thing and he's gonna miss that?
Can't help but think that if big Pubs wanted out from the "tyranny" of Amazon, they would've spent CEO dinner money on a robust EPUB reader.
memorizing lines for new play opening on Oct. 9th.
You're cruel. Whatever, who needs beloved writer friends at a writer conference when you can be writing a paper for Friday?
At tech crunch meetup in dc. It's very loud.
Director, DP, Makeup, focus puller, editor... all fired. SO disappointed!
Lol just got $5 for putting someone's earring in
"Do you have to call the government every time you sit in that chair?"
it's up 4.8% from last season
Went to #Elle Decor and #Traditional Home parties yesterday to celebrate #LegendOfLaCiennga #WindowsToTheWorld What a FAB Event
Hopefully be closing on the house next month! Their realtor is rushing it :)
Hanging out with the amazing !!!
it would happen at Simon's.
DeMaio says we'll lose events like ComiCon if we don't expand Convention Center. Need ConVis to market Convention Center
Having a blast at the Demler household. Can't wait to get back and do this more often
I wanna muff this bitch at work in the back of her head, she lucky i need my job!
Instead of begging God.....use "God you said". Put Him in remembrance of His word. Keep not silent.....
How's everyone so far ?
OV CAN STRIKE FROM ANYWHERE AND ANYHOW!
It's ironic the way my GCSEs may have already gotten me informally sacked
On set this morning with Ed Begley Jr. and Rachelle Carson-Begley. Look out for 'How to Succeed at Birth'....going to be hilarious!
#thevalueofafollower do you thank your followers? How?
Thank God the snow has gone...I'm done with snow til 2022!!!
Time to roll out of this bed and get my day started.
Goodbye school, hell spring breaakk! c:
After reading for quals on the beach, I'm now buy some tank tops and heading back to KTown
Soups of the day: Sea Food Gumbo, Cream of Broccoli, Chicken Pastina, Tortellini bro do, ravioli Florentine, M
a lot better :)
nah you ain't calm and thanks for calling me a fat ass that the best you've got? jeez come up with better shit.
impractical jokers* & yes (; next show ever
Missing friends after great symposium in WY. "Hug love" to
no, it's just not in readily readable formats. formats change over time… /cc
good good! Keep it up :D
will never go off the air
Shawn needs to come get his TABC from my house..
Well, watch out Lexington
did you see that it caught the inside corner on Foxtrax?
Collaboration Not Litigation put me to bed last night. Amazing on tap Thanks to the bestie,
Bored so I'm textin random ppl.
new media can rebuild some of the community context lost and actively invite such participation and interpretation
Sixty million Africans have an income of $3000 a year,and 100m will be in 2015 #Africa #Optimism via The Economist
U tell all ur friends u dont fuck wit me but them hoes know we be fuckin.
In which Paul Krugman re-demolishes Charles Murray's silly book arguing that white American proles have no morals. nyti.ms/xbBHDR
After a fight you think about all the things you should have said but you didn't because your a retard
Emily woke up at 7 am. She and Annabelle are now screaming at each other over a Rapunzel doll. Feel like I'm in a bad movie.
Bitches wanna start already and it ain't even 7:00 o clock yet -.-
#teammiami gone take it all the way.
#WeWontWork if you don't own a SnapBack
my dog is asleep she looks so cute aww
keep tweeting questions its ionteresting :)
8 years ago today, I was at Fidel Castro's May Day speech at the Plaza de la Revolucion in Cuba. Happy #MayDay to all the workers out there!
I'd still love BVB if they all looked like basketball players, toads, mobsters, or computer nerds.
#everygirl needs a thug in their life...streetsmart
that seriously happened??
You gone hoop or you done with that huh
Should I ever have to say "Quit holding you brother hostage and untie him from the chair"???
Just flew in from a satellite service call in Santa Fe. Boy are my arms tired! Heh.
Wife just texted me drive slow - cop around the corner so I laughed and showed it to the cop
Did you know you could be wrong and swear your right
surgery for what?
Robertson needs to load his old ass up and visit those folks. Just might change his mind.
My Hearts a Stereo....
I have decided to blog every #Wednesday and #Sunday at #Christinaleona.com christinaleona.com
Some of these kids GOT to get their weight up.
is writing songs easy when u have a full band?
thanks for the follow! We'll be throwing monthly artist showcases in Raleigh every month starting in June!
....here we go again..sighs
BOY U KNOW WAT TO SAY IM SO LOGED N WIT DAT PC SHIT
tonight: Stay home and play all my Kenny Loggins tapes! Or not.
Broncos are going to win this one I bet a stack on it ! Thank you tebow!
5 Tips to Turn Your Website into a Marketing Machine
Every girl think they're
thanks! Was a lot of fun!
Hey, you just stopped tweeting. Are you guys still interested in having us? Let us know!
Ray ain't clutch
It's the little voice inside that makes you write.
If its gay in here! Smh
If a child can't learn the way we teach, maybe we should teach the way they learn.
We're not back yet, but we're heading home in a few months. We just decided it's time for a change :)
Super siked for my studio session tomorrow!! Ready to work!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
One of my biggest professional problems is hitting post/send before I'm completely finished typin
Obama's political whore mailer? Huckabee & Citizens United were just kidding. Keep your day jobs guys, comedy's NOT your thing.
Guess what? Alex is Sexy!
my pants where so tight today xD need new pants for sure haha
Manipulating my roomie to light spiders on fire. I hate them!!!
Cause i at hot and pretty and a real grown women. And da Best part i have no kids Aww Shit now lol
Glad that #Grimm is starting to appeal more. I like it because I think it has #heart, not just dark-fantasy. Yay.
Just had some 3day old expired milk w. My cereal..might not have been a good idea
Saw my first car today hopefully he doesn't sell so I can get it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
its amazing!
Thank you Lisa!!! How have you been?
This is so much fun seeing everyone learn this
congrats on your award, Nat. You deserve it.
def Champagne!!! Drinks on ChiChi tonight!!
well we're from all different towns on LI, but generally we are located out of Nassau County
"Be Yourself." Why is this the most challenging task for me?
We are going in at Club 57 West, All Star Weekend Finale, I just did a crazy set I will be here until 4am so don't miss out! Lock In Lets Go
I think a few 'Bob' sized drinks should clear up confusion.
Don't be surprise if she ask "where the cash at?"
do you have the full layton draper video?
“Be curious, not judgmental.” <U+2015> Walt Whitman
woke up at 6am, still tired but could only think about data analysis. 7am, pulled out stata.
RT : Time to Grind! Time to Grind! Time to Grind!
I bet you're feelin all kinds of good! ;)
Girls in Action Launches NEW Junior High Initiative: G.I.R.L. will be piloted by Murray Junior High School, please visit: www.giaction.org.
#SmackDown dream match The Corre vs The New Nexus
pray, then relax
#notevenhungry I wish they would just let me
maybe not perfect... I listened to a bunch of dubstep this morning too ;)
I hate MCLA schedule releases because they are not professional and cyclical pieces (like NCAA) and more often attention grabs
where are the fags you fuck
My eyes still itch!
Attention waning. Energy seeping. These SLO's won't write themselves though.
People tell me im selfish, rude, inconsiderate.....all I can say is fuck you move around den.
I’m a girl. I overreact. I underestimate. I overestimate. I over think everything. I dream big. And when I say I love you, I’m not lying...
« I'm so ready to graduate , and get TF away from here !!!»
I so miss cooking for you, someone that appreciates a good meal, unlike your cousin!?!
omg no i could never hate u!ur such an insperation!and no were not best friends were family(: the fizzy family sticks together ^_^
What are you eating?? I have a deadline to make.
Good morning from TNC News
Purriwinkle the cat gets the name of the week award so sweet
goal is to just stay awake thru this test
I'm in the car , you can call me !
puff pillow
writing the credits for my album. omgosh
rain, cold, cobbles or bed sharing... i'm not sure what's worse.
RT Inspiring reception in San Francisco tonight. Great turnout including
- mind sending us an email at ? Thanks!
show me what cha got girl make that ass pop
"...is it tasteful?" "Dude, it's pirate porn."
5rts anyone?! :)x
There are people that eat it like that??
remember how you did it? Remember how you fit it?
#ClimateChange is an example of a politicized invisible threat. - Shawn Lawrence Otto
We had our warmest winter PIT count in memory.
that kinda just made my day. I almost feel like I was just Stamos'd.
Happy Father's Day!
had a great #audition and thanks all the candidates who came and showed their talents!
Not funny e.e
love it! Dave and really liked that piece. Wasn't fantastic?!
make two dreams come true but following me nd 19
me and need to have a venting session !
#FindSomeoneWho << don't find anyone .. they'll come to you :) keep your head up
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 19
I've been there several times. They have all sorts of samples. Great place to stretch the legs if you have time.
Pre-weekend #FF for those who still remember
What round of the playoffs are the Rockets playing in?
whoa. the photo of Thomas!
Significantly better, yes
If you're talking redesign, choose compact view from the options.
i hate it when big accounts think there so great so they dont follow people -_-
thanks for your support
Just wait till you see the line up for this years Urban Noise: Summer Fest!! Big announcement on Wednesday!
What should we value? I have a tip: go for love. Because love-of your work,o f your family and friends-passes the ultimate currency test.
You are welcome. Follow us back and stay updated with our company
And there will come a time where he shines brighter than any star in the sky<U+2665> My 1000th Tweet. <U+2665>
Can't wait! RT : I just registered!
Come on Friday!
Thanks for the pass man! Good Luck with the rest of the season!
Playing the online version of #DealOrNoDeal and still had 4 cases to open, and the banker asks, "Do you want to accept this offer: $0"
Not Sleepy..uhp thinkn bout my love.
follow and please :D x89
Gorgeous RT : Dear Weather, Thanks for being you.
Jazzin' tonite! Join some of the best jazz musicians in Vegas at the Freakin' Frog (4700 S Maryland Pky) 9:30 pm. FREE! Bring your axe!
you're very welcome.
can't wait for this weekend! It's spring cleaning time!
think of anymore right now
damnn that sucks!
The Library is at the Welcome Week event, today and tomorrow 3:30-5:30PM, LTB 1104-05. Come talk to us, we have candy :)
Steve Williams just called Tiger's shot the best water ball of his career.
Ha yea(:
Ya ass shooed af
Young wild and free has pretty much been beaten to death.
I can talk then into drinking, and talk em out a blouse..
Carolina please. I want Duke to drop to a two seed.
Inching closer. Cant wait to launch.
And a good morning to all
Converted basketball player TE Julius Thomas could break out too. Was a star at training camp last year but didn't play because run heavy O.
Good morning all! Woke up to no neighbors. Or fog.
We are now - 4 dee-lish grub, then headed South to #alabamajacks for FRITTERS! Woot!
thanks for listening! Keep On Rockin!!!
In a single email, links boasting 7 things, 9 essentials, 14 ways. What?! No actionable insights or impactful must-dos?
trust me I feel worse than you. Your hangover has a hangover. We were animals last night. Damn you Jaeger!!!
Peeps. We love you. That is all.
yes one of a select few in the superhuman drumming pantheon. for me, dennis chambers and dave weckl also make it.
what is this BS you tweet of?
Big night for the #TexasRangers. Pudge is retiring, and they're going to walk all over the Yankees.
Sunny day on a patio w cool breeze and bill monroe singing about jesus through my headphones transcends my agnosticism.
are you kidding? You guys are family, AWESOME family. Boredom not permitted!
#cantbelieveit Last day of school tomorrow... Yes!
"If Reagan were here...." really Jon Huntsman? And I thought you were making sense.
sounds good, if anything, FRIDAY!
Help us get to 200 followers so that we can have our first contest ever. :) We do follow back. :)
Wait, Caro released a music single? Seriously?? Oh, my.
hey there, how r u today?? hope ur doing well and hope ur wife is well also!
I really just want Friday to get here faster!
for lunch, for dinner with , , - it's an Asia foodie kinda day.
need.green.tea.now
": All my girls that I wanna go out wit either pregnant or jus had kids n aint bout that life right now. Ughh!" Ugh mine too
we just got engaged so I love your text!
Hey Andrew, thanks for the feedback. Do you have a few minutes to hop on chat in the next couple days so I can learn more? -Buster
Reminds me of a friend in New Orleans. Those are the first three of her first and last names.
I went Ta 3 No1 Had Dem Black N Turquoise Samoas
I didn't get to my hotel till like noon, slept for a while then explored a little. I'm exhausted cause I didn't sleep on the plane
WHY IS THE WEEKEND SHOW NEVER ON A WEEKEND AND ALWAYS WHEN I HAVE ENDLESS AMOUNTS OF STUFF TO DO
wow. Makes me embarrased to be a human.
welcome to Kansas, home of the greatest supportera club, #SportingKC #
argh. How did I miss this one?
Thanks to
To me this is the greatest option of all being that you dont need to have a million followers to make a few bucks
"spinnin' 'round horribly, feelin' like Dorothy" -Orphan Tears- if you don't understand...join the forum :D
hear theres a huge #solarflare headed our way, on Thursday I'm calling in Sunburnt.
I feel like my head went to the gutter on that one lol
Im all soaked (:
should have stayed in bed today
Police ticketing cel phone users TODAY by Charleston & Lamb! Yesterday was epic on Rainbow & Sahara, a huge line pulled over.
A few weeks ago there were three Anthony Muse banners on the ground in Charles Village. Nice way to trash a neighborhood. :(
Amazing. Makes it all worth it, huh?
All of today's tweets ended in the drafts folder, c'mon twitter!
Like your hair
Tall guys yumm:)
This is da one thing I hate about twitter any loser can follow u!! why?? r u really that bored in ur own life that u need to follow mine??..
apparently i am since my last one was 20 over
just friended u on 4 square!
We're choosing our tix contest winner by 5PM today. Don't forget to RT our last tweet and follow us for a chance to win!
Today's tip: When you make your food goals, be positive, list what you can eat not what you can't.
Haha, just something I found!
dude, why do your kids school you so much?
im coming with!
-- yep, i will be there all week. can't wait!
Mobile search is growing, but is your site tablet-friendly? Tablets now drive 39% of mobile search. How does your site look on an iPad?
Satrapi on modesty: "What is wrong with the breast... it's nice and round and doesn't bite. But, we have no prob dropping bombs on Iraq"
I was in Teotihuacan a couple years ago. Great place! #AlexanderInt TurismoAndanzasSMA
its a big concert with lots of celebs :]
trying my best but its hardly helping
We'll post another video at 500 likes! That's only 11 away, so we can make it happen in a breeze. Tag me sum a dat Coventry Square!
The Jack's Mannequin is here to rock you in Chicago tomorrow at the House Of Blues. Get your tickets now: 888-493-0004
my sister Shirley and Brother-in-law Scott really enjoyed meeting you last night - but made my daughter insanely jeolous
ahaha me to, i think a lot of people do that! :o
join the club homie
well there you go!!
being subjected to day of retired jersey viewing & people approaching "Well, hello, Mr. Decorah. You're a legend around here."
Nosotros Live in Las Cruces TONIGHT @ Hurricane Alley Pub! See you there!
Love the new iPhone commercial with Siri and Santa!
I was rolling Hahaha but how u been big sis?
you RTed me! I should I be lucky enough for you to do one click and follow?!(:
Vincent sent me. :-)
If you're gonna get around do it away from people you know.
game already over?
haha!!:) I will for sure enjoy the money:) what do you do for your job?
I need to get to follow me again ;)
Did you draw and put the photo together, let me know after you get some REM!
Brad Rencher, our Digital Marketing GM is bringing moneyball to little league
Freestyles at the end of the night.
i hate to play stupid but what do you mean 5rts?
Paul's epistle to the Gal. is full of indignation, for when students need correction, a good teacher does not always speak mildly. Bl. T
I haven't been on a beach outside of Lake Erie since '08. TWO THOUSAND AND EIGHT. So yeah, I'm a little excited for Florida next week...
#becauseofnicki girls (&some dudes) think it's normal to idolize a #fake plastic thing
Fantastic, thanks! Any new trends or tools in terms of info retrieval once they gain access? E.g., cataloging, search, bookmarking?
"where'd ya go to school, we ain't talking college. Charm city bitch...."
voodoo lab order has shipped! I will let you know when they arrive!
Pass interference | That keeps the pass yards down some | two forty-eight now |
yeah I don't like fb I love twitter more than fb ! I told u why.......
Yeah E Yeah E!!
is it 2010 again? That's how you run an offense with Ryan at the helm. Turner was big. Then a deep ball over the middle to Roddy.
RT : If you are doing something that is easy should you be pushing yourself to do more **this for you, **
that awkward moment when your debt is exactly the amount of all of your assets
a bit disconcerting
Proverbs 20:11 Even a child is known by his doings, whether his work be pure, and whether it be right.
Just finished reading some actually educational reader commentary on a news article and had to tell someone.
Picked up my #tuxedo look like a secret agent;)
Is anyone going to see #JimmyBuffett in Bristow tonight or Saturday?
We said our goodbye but the truth is i never said goodbye in my heart.
Look what up?
it's part of NCAS (college of arts & sciences) - what's the website url? they should have a contact somewhere.
It's Shyriiwook for 'Friend' :)
Hangin w DK and Hurricane in LA living the holy dream
Stop by and give me a visit !
Well you may be a sly existentialist/nihilist (sad/wrong?). You may aim to convert us into French people! Or get us to think!
Thanks for telling me this! Glad you enjoy :D
2009 MLK Grande Parade-Houston Best Designed Float Winner Houston Community College Will The Lead The 2010 MLK Grande Parade-Houston
#Jerzathon...forever watching Mike make a fool of himself....he will always be my least favorite
dang, you get to see all the good shows. life in Austin is pretty good. :)
Sign up on www.thetotalpetspa.com for more information. It will help me show the retailers how many pet owners are demanding this product.
So if my Ribs and your Swedish Meatballs got into a fight, who would win?!
The term "African-American" is not a tolerant term. It segregates us and keeps the flames of intolerance burning.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.13
ESPN First Take "If you like watching a wrinkly,old troll "make" faces like a gay, Tebow loving Jim Carrey"
Oh yeah. I want to do him.
Spend it al, when you die you cant take it with ya'
That dude's hair made me uncomfortable enough to walk away from where he was standing.
Thats a perfect idea for :))
Was just solicited for the 1st time for an article (usually the other way around). Wait until they find out I keep my digital rights.
I fill out significantly on high carb day.
"Sharp as a razor, crisp as a pringle!" -Len Hahahaha! Brilliant! :D
"Make each day your masterpiece" -
I guess being a cat would be like living at Golden Corral. The food isn't great, but you never run out.
A weekend wasted isn't a wasted weekend. Stop by & say #MVP at door to get $1 off drinks! Also $30 optional open bar available
Miss Kathy will be here today at 4:15 for Story Hour! Bring your kids, ages three and up.
thanks alex! I am going to run your mockup by the team.
SO IM IN CLASS AND ALL THAT IS ON MY MIND IS CHINCKEN!!!
My eyes are already tired, but I have to do a lot of writing today!
just caught on this is your last week of class sorry to interrupt thanks for the call anyway and am praying ur strength luv u!
My mom-I'm not in a good fucking mood Me-Well your never in a good mood whats your point
Btw, I don't ask these details ever. People just tell me...I think I should just be a therapist, I'd make so much more to do less.
Hey all - check out a great local NEW Twitter account - authored by > please give her a follow!
I was recently charged a long hair surcharge at Khamit Kinks! That is working TOO well!
Go Skins!!!
Reality T.V is Becoming Worse Than Bacteria
hello girl thanks for following :)
Temporary happiness means nothing to me
Surprising - not yet in long term care or home health areas. Why aren't more facilities in these spaces?
I forgot how much I love The Lion King
let me know if you're getting engaged tonight lol Xfinity love. & send me our pic at your convenience por favor sugar. <3333
thanks! Finally feeling the creative juices flow again. I'll be in all day tomorrow!
Justin named his car Lisa, his "snake" Johnson, his toothbrush Bob.... and now he named his moustache Rodger. OMB THAT'S OUR BOY !<U+2665>
So inspired by the g40 mural artists.
Hahaha! Of course the good Dr Maher! Times Square Red/Times Square Blue already helped, so more queer urban critique is great
OK, taking a break from my Pinterest tweet deluge because I'm f*cking even annoying myself now.
Just added new #artopps to the #mnartists board from , MN State Arts Board, and
coming from u! lol
3rd Winning Pick - #NFL Week 11...Bengals/Raiders #Take_The_Over (36) This one is #Over_Easy, with Bengals doing all the heavy lifting!
haha me encanta el thai food, yum :-)
tonight probably around 9 ish. Hopefully we can all chat at some point tonight. Really miss y'all :)
Don't remind me....
Need followers mention Tweet Late night special, buy followers, get same amount free until 7am
Awww i hope u get more followers too :)
The only way I could be more excited for my sister & her kids to visit (they arrive tonight!) is if my house were already clean & ready.
Gorgeous day here Just met the new VP of Development, Mr. Brian Lee. Firm handshake & warm smile, I look fwd to working w/ him.
Another Beautiful Morning In Albuquerque!
Oh yeah got the 411 for #mkebeerweek kicks it off on Monday with a brewery no one has in #Milwaukee do not miss this event
Apple Cider Vinegar works 2 reduce acid reflux. Must have the sediment like Braggs organic ACV. I've had success with that.
Ready for this food to be done.
dear diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count. i believe it's six going on seven now.
So is the elephant :( RT : Spain's King Juan Carlos says he is sorry for having gone on African elephant-hunting trip -
Go angels!
lol, I'd take the PDK :) Why were the paddles confusing?
Joey do u get to talk to James Stewart alot
im stupid these days :/
I'm not too hungry but I know I need 2 eat.... I'm exhausted
I don't know how many #Quotes I read on #Twitter in a day =0
Totally understandable.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> RT “: I hate when all the cheese comes off your piece & you gotta work your tongue to get it all in your mouth.”
Successful MLM prospecting is through promotional marketing not selling. They either see it or they don't. Just say next!
LMAO got to be
someone better watch over Twitter for me while I'm gone the next 2 weeks!
TYSM Kelly!! :) RT Wishing a very HAPPY #BIRTHDAY to my childhood pal Evelyn ! Hope you've had the #bestdayever!
haha I'm trying to
"Diplomats and civilian advisors are now the face of the United States in Baghdad"
Thanks. Experience pays.
don't you mean blue? :)
I tried Pinterest and I still prefer Tumblr.
We have brand name health and beauty products up to 70% off Retail!!! Free shipping over $100. #Loreal #Sale #savings #Fructis #70%off
And now I must saw, Good Night America... and anyone else might possibly follow me not in America
#edshow In his ULTIMATE gaffe, BIDEN admits he likes to wear women's underwear, THUS forcing OBAMA admit same.
worst commercial idea for a Popsicle EVER.
From an evening of Bill Krueger, a mountain of empty hair product is created.
It is a miracle when I can say I'm working a half day and I actually get to leave when I say I will. 1 pm come on!!!!
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina Step It Up...In Vagina!!!!! Follow me
aaaaaahhhhhhh fuk you indesign why can't you read my mind.
you won't stop watching it will you?
80 yard Touchdown catch for Dillon Hunter, longest play of week one of playoffs, any division.
Thanks! Sorry about the broken link :p
Oh. Hah wait, who were you with?
How can an Embassy be this incompetent?
Who's here already?
"I have an Oscar! I forget my speech..." Adorable! I love when people can be so honest up there
Solutions...NOT ATTACKS. Sitting PREZ can do something...Bush, Reagan can't. Get it? Need me to draw pictures too?
3 hrs left to vote. Don't let criminal justice in SF slide backwards. Vote Ross for Sheriff. Tell your networks and vote!
Good night
Oh hello there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Is your pool open to #SanDiego locals or just guests?
I'm def. Sleeping til It's time fa work oml lol
what up big dog
Hahaha!!! We got a place in LA. We're here for his stuff.
Turn on now. We are live!
Life is a song, what you do is the lyrics, how you do it is the melody, and the way you treat people will decide what the song's meaning is.
St George demoted to half ironman next year. Too bad.
Yep 5-9 inches in some areas of Chicago! RT : Chicago right??
thx! I'm glad y'all could come over.
I want font-weight:150.
Cubs fans have a lot to complain about, too. Most futile team in history! What you up to at the new library?
don't forget to
Have you seen Aviation Technology Center AAAE's t-shirts? They are pretty cool!
Blizzard probably should have finished making their game before they released it.
thanks sam. Hope all is well.
Would you pay $300 for a pair of VU meters for your Pro Tools rig?
Nicki Minaj on Pandors, helps take the pain away from the butt load of end of year work...
“: anyone know what's going on with the saints or Sean Payton????? haven't heard any news yet” sarcastic ass!!!!!
West Linn was up 30-6 over Barlow with 9 minutes left
well nobody ever says anything interesting in here anyway.
Once again a Bartlett error costs the PAdres the game. Then Hudson shows why he needs to be cut.
Im kinda proud of #presidentobama today, he stood of for his beliefs even tho he's going to catch alot of hell
thanks for the mention
Once again wondering if #oclc database of copyright evidence wasn't just a little too far ahead of its time.
Undercooked eggs totally ruined my appetite. Time for some MacDonald's.
Thanks to new followers!
k, so you know my status that says "i can't believe i fell for you, that was a mistake"? yeah, lol She liked it, & he just
While our minds need order and fairness, much of life is neither fair nor just. Thats a problem for many of us and is a Mojo killer
“: Next year I hope is in that picture!!” agree...where was J-Mo?
A BlackBerry without a keyboard is like a bird without wings!
Keefer drops Melvin Gordon for a loss.
At this company this should be interesting lol. :)
Everyone go take 's class today 4:30-6!!!! She's amazing
It was good advice to share with others.
I am sitting in a programming class and am completely lost. I would copy off my teammates but both their computers are in chinese.
is right when ever I'm texting him I smlie
I hope that you miss me a Little when I'm Gone
You always think you can outsmart the machines. Wrong!!
SO TRUE. That show has to change its voting process. Best singers get voted off week after week after week...
He get popped with some?
#NoShots #PensPP this is like watching a family member slowly die in front of you.
I woke up salty af!
Happy Mother's Day
It's true we do <U+2764>
On this date: In 1510, Early Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli died in Florence, Italy; he was probably in his mid 60s.
I love this weather, I love this weather, I love this weather:D<3
breathe in....breathe out....release :-)
soo many clothes, so little time.
Stuck on the tarmac! At least an hour!
Can you address JNPR?
so I'll have to find you in otherwords! :) I want our kiddies to play together, too much fun. We'll be out there one if these days
How much pain have cost us the evils that have never happened. Thomas Jefferson -
D: but but..it won't be so awesome anymore..! ><""
Quite under the weather.
uh it's en place, yeah that's it.
when i take my time on a paper i do bad, when i bullshit it i get an A
i keep checking facebook and twitter as if ill have a magical notification that will prevent me from studyin...#NeedToFocus!!
It aint the same without you!
I'm curious how Aware Digital is going to spread $2M over a project that 2 other firms (w/exp) price at approx $5M... :)
Just want to say that after last night's BCS Championship game, we all should know how to take a snap, hold, and kick field goals. #1TD?
Indeed RT : +1000 RT : Seeing this race makes me DESPERATELY want back on the sked.
None of the guys that I have dated have seen or heard me cry...#don'tlike showing emotions.
productivity in Palo Alto is suffering!
Madonna halftime show would have been better if people listened to that music But Indianapolis just knows country hick music
Listening to a lot of Death Cab for Cutie today
is having a spaz over one direction. cute. ;)
hmm, glad to see you noticed me :)
you shouLd!! Geez he's meaner than my dad (no offence) :c
hardly but when it was mixed up it tasted normal.
Shouldn't you be used to it as a Minnesota sports fan? RT Not a good day Minny sports. Rough.
Great article
I said DAMN that is HILARIOUS. thumbs up! :)
i have another question
F/D/E has that island in the middle that just fucks everything up, since those streets don't come to a single point.
Last comment now up. She is addressing the community- let's remember we all have the same goal in mind. Let's work together.
congrats and hugs and kisses to Elizabeth and Anna!
You're welcome! Life is good. Hope all is well with you too!
Thank you so much for helping to spread the word! Make sure to enter to win one of the amazing prizes!
it's too weird. Too weird. Babaha
“: Say it with me: This is MY moment & I choose to occupy it.” <-- I'm saying it out loud and doing my best to take action.
or that the good days sent out this flawed messages or false standard of expectations
oh no. your avatar animates? please no.
Follow and get a shoutout from her :)
both daily friends!!
Free public #concert by #Vigo Cty Homemakers Ext Chorus, 6:30 p.m., Oct. 22, Cecilian Auditorium, St. Mary-of-the-Woods....
next time you're in NYC, I would love to host you for 18 at the west course of westchester country club. Just a thought...
hahahaha that part always cracks me up
next time you see me, say hi :)
calling it an early night, the #seattlerockandroll starts early tomorrow!
i like it! :) Follow back??
Oh that was your girl? I thought I recognized her.
So nervous for Eric right now - he's taking his oral exams for his MA thesis! One step closer to GRADUATION. XD
hello old friend :)
Oh, what decision???
Let me set one thing straight - just because my parents have money and I have nice things DOESN'T mean that you can use me.
good luck in your racquetball tournament. what division are you playing in? how long have you been playing?
"NFO Redux: Share and Prepare" TODAY (12:30/LIB 301). New faculty can connect with each other and veteran profs. Also portfolio tips!
I don't think the toy company realized that even if you add 'Boys' to the name, it's still called 'Squinkies'.
oh really? REALLY? ok.
We shall never forget and always remember.
#IfItWasUpToMe , I'd play volleyball all day long ;* .
Dry clean your shirt beard-o!
Thanks for the follow! We're trying to make a local Milwaukee music television show. Let people know about us!
Hoarder. Save some for me!
I got my tumblr all set up! now its just time for posting all the latest photos and news:) ill probably do that tomorrow! Love yall!
Writing to about his support for the Blunt Amendment made me feel slightly better about the state of politicians up in my womb.
Smiling and nodding to agree w/ you. RT : I'm at the point of just smiling and nodding folks. Just smile and nod. <U+E40D>
Patiently awaiting the mr removed video of this trainwreck of a performance.
#Mobbies peeps: Our friends party nearly as hard as us. If you don't have plans, you have our permission to #bBad tonight.
Childhood Obesity: Will kids in poverty be left behind?
Getting ready to move next week, performing this weekend, and bf's bday is coming up soon. Busy busy busy
Made a new discovery last night... Terry Gibbs is a Jew!
My boys can swim!!!
I see my fated stars in your eyes. They melt me like the sun does snow
“ I'm starving but I'm not even in the mood to do anything I'm so..... Stressed,”
Haven't a clue!
#Pittsburgh #running: Anyone know what happened to the Athlete's Foot in Shadyside?
Working on launching the website this week!
#waypoint i just got mine its pretty cool so far
"CJ Sapong MLS Rookie of the Year"!!! Love hearing it said everytime just like does. #stillsoproud :-)
Guys! Guys! 's Please Stay Calm for iOS is FREE today! You can thank 's FGOTD for this awesomeness
I thought you did AWESOME!!! On Latin night!!!!!
I love you.
hahah don't let her get you...
Clough: Why are we holding this symposium? Important as we seek to chart a new course for this institution.
It's Sunday.
im gonna wear my Abercrombie tee. and possibly that Hollister thing i showed you.
#Top100Lies "you're the only one I want" HAHAHAHAHAHA. Jokes.
Saphla: Real focus shifting to value
Happy Easter ;)
Mom: we just finished eating, let's take the stairs! Aunt: ooh yeah Me: ..but were going down.....???
Awesome! RT : Football Friday at work.. Who's rockin their shirt?
Got paid early this week >>>>>
We're on the right track baby.
Wishing you a very Happy New Year. You are one special guy! See you on the 15th, or sooner.
Wow. I'm watching #UFC on #FOX. I suppose it's only because it's in Chicago tonight.
I love that because I'm a "computer person" other people think I'm also a magician. Well, presto!
I have seen Georgia O'Keeffe paintings in Santa Fe museum really colorful beautiful paintings. I will watch the movie tonight.
woohoo welcome to the world of having a cartilage piercing! Told you it didn't hurt :p see you in a little!
seriously though. #rawpower RT:“: When are they going to make Shark Week its own channel?”
Up early on my shit ! Tay outlaw party finna crack . double take in there ! Photo shoots today all that . Yessiree
We are approaching a record today for #instrumentRentals from across the country. More happy musicians & parents!
i am seeing in youtube the episodes Of Shake It Up ! are the maxiimumm!
D my first #Earthquake, and I can't think of a single decent witty remark.
North Putnam schools to issue statement regarding charges against three of their employees this afternoon. Updates on First @ 4.
is listening to a lot of 80's music today.
Had to educate the bartender on "anejo" vs. "gold".
#AustinR Please.....please let the teacher teach. Please. That's the only time I am ever asking to let my english teacher teach.
shut up.
Ah I like Dr. Phil ^_^
it is all about developing a tutor's self confidence & knowledge base so that in the moment they can do the right thing
Allergy problems Dr. Stern doesn't like - fragrant detergents, animals in the bedroom, Afrin nasal spray for more than 3 days
k actually im over it i guess i just need to wait till i get back in town, buy a new phone, and once again get all my numbers. that is all!
Saw the Orlando Magic beat LEbron's Cavs tonight. Go Florida!
Hey (: I cant direct unless your following me sorry.
How fun! New Zealand sounds amazing!
Sup late nighters? We are playing with hawthorne heights Friday at gallery13! Hope to see you there! :)
The Britney glee episode was soo awesome
and we are off to the lake. Stay tuned for pics from the Corley News Service
Its that slow time of year where I'm not going on auditions and moving to NY is just weeks away. I needs to earn some mulah pronto!
So very true!
Been sick as hell for 3 days, feeling better. Wassup tweeps? I hope all is well in your lives. Thx for following me.
You are welcome. I added you for photography interest
Bamboozle is like warped on acid. I'm in love.
Nowak: Schalke game is a good chance to gain experience
No one to hang with again,. Fuck it, i can sleep :)
hoppin on the Vespa to cruise Chi Town look for me I'm wearing my Like A Virgin Mandonna wig. Ya Heard??
We completely agree! RT : I enjoy practicing Bach above everything else! I smile when I practice.
I'm so hungry I could eat a horse.
Good point--I got a little carried away with the zeros.
Omg!!!! I will never touch a mojito again!!!!ouch !!
I think a panel in which we respond to all questions with songs is where it's at.
Let's start making games for all kinds of people and not assume women only want Cooking Mama & Bejeweled and men only want porn & Scarface.
Productive day continues. Gym time
thanks! I'll get on these this week!
3 more hours at work.
Finally you're on the twitter wagon! Prepare yourself for insane fangirl tweets...especially from me.
Look at your phone now!.
Thanks for spreading the word that #ItGetsBetter!
its a Shoutout
Why is Dell so shitty?
What's the difference between a "theatre" and a "theater?"...
Bye I QUIT
done. I'll be finished exams on the 18th. I'll cook u up a beat then. You have a BPM preference?
you were too busy insulting me
thanks for the love homie. I appreciate that
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 33
Well we've both done it before so no reason we can't again! I blame World Cup for this! Gained 47lbs since 2010 :-(
Boneheaded #blackjack play of the night: Saw a guy double down a 6 (four-deuce) vs dealer's 5, then get all upset when he gets a 2.
Thanks Andre; likewise!
Can anyone else see a little bit of the joker in miguel montero?
Have a great weekend Thanks for the follows.
I hope so too! How can I find you?
everyone follow the Homie! !! part of the new generation thats soon to be taking over in this industry!!! ^^^
Follow me Please i Love you My LastName is Garcia #ily #FollowPleaseTony Thanks <3! MUCHLOVE
a sample, or two...or 8. Who's counting?
I'm steaming right now!!! this is stupid
the truth has been spoken
First things first, let's have the Flyers lose tonight :)
So twitter followers what your new years resolution???
wish she did mama maybe u didnt look at my profile!!
is there anyone in your billing dept. answering tickets? I need assistance please from yesterday.
Gotta catch up on episodes of Southland. Nice to see Lucy Liu on there. Such a great show.
Thanks for following Eccles #Boxing Have Tweet Will Follow
"I hope life isn<U+FFFD>t a big joke, because I don<U+FFFD>t get it"
We can design and produce full-color posters of practically any size. For single posters or large runs, In full-color. Call for a quote
Didn't perform the required rituals properly before installation? Blood must be applied right to left, not left to right.
I need some #superk right now ... But then again it's not mines to up and take
getaway day is no excuse.
RT : snatched up 2 free hours of studio time <>this is how you win!!
Rode my bike down to catch the last 3 songs from Mumford and Sons tonight. That last encore song was the bomb with all members onstage.
Hi from Ohio
You & I both.. #Lovesummer ! And Quit being a stranger <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> !! K thanks! Miss ur tweets!
Sure, lets do it. No matter what if you need an RV and cool group to go with, I have one.
50% Off All Photo Calendars + Free Shipping! 3 Day Available. Choose from wall, desk, poster, wallet or magnet calendars....
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation! We thought your were looking sexier!!
Some Say an Entry Door is the Portal to the Soul of Your House. We agree!
I'm going to freak out #anyminute now
So #beezle has a show in April coming up. Our first gig in nearly three years!! So stoked!!
I want to sleep alone , my sister farts too much!
haha awe make the best of it c: love you too<3;D
please follow me? <U+2665>
To a Master Auditioner, listening becomes an activity because it allows you to understand the unspoken intent of the person speaking to you
thanks for your kindness (sorry for late response)
just type it like that and type it like this
Kind, daring, creative, funny
I believe it! Well earned, congrats
Thanks sweetheart! I love you too!!
hahaha you talked to Amanda??
4 more hours and im free!!
Have you seen, or know of, any outstanding plays or photos from youth sports? Share them on www.thePlayoftheGame.com. Help us find the best
If you need samples 4 ur open house be sure to send in a request. We would love to help you out with your grand opening 2
only in Virginia can you be behind a car going 48 on I-95 one min and tailgated by a pickup with confederate tags trying to go 90 the next.
I choose…to live by choice, not by chance
Ryan Braun deal is great move for the Brewers and The City of Milwaukee! Let's try to sign Prince now!
Felt gloomy=so I got curtains=must iron curtains=move furniture 2 install curtains=must move junk off furniture=2 busy 2 write=feel gloomy
Ive got little paw prints all over me :)
I inferred "worship" here to mean "songs." It does seem obligatory rather than celebratory in some churches...
Got the perfect song for a mv(:
I wish my shin pain would go away <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
people are starring..... Hahaha
Where did you find silence today?
Thanks for following and reTweeting.
a thermal? Hilarious! What about house shoes/flip flops?
UIO to NYC - in route from the middle of the world to the center of the universe
can't you find a way?
#Amtrak I want a free travel voucher for my time stuck!
Just leaving the Rosa Parks museum in Montgomery--very powerful--very emotional
Are you kidding? I was ecstatic when that ball went out.
i'm just gon crack U at random. Help yo tweets out a bit...
Today I am going to learn if there is an upper limit to the number of times one can use the word "context" in a paper
That's so cool! Even more reason for me to go see it! Congrats!
And, of course, I haven't even explored what's on stage in #Indy tonight. So many intriguing #indystage options! Back to work for now...
Its not bad. Did you write it.
I hate the Luna commercial where the parents want to get carpet for their tap-dancing little girl's bedroom. LET THAT GIRL DANCE!
RT : Tell us why do you love libraries?
#thatjusthappend dropped Chase off at youth conference, he kept telling me bye... I think that was a hint...
4) List Manager – Another tool that allows marketers to establish a more personal relationship with prospects is the List Manager tool
Thanks for the shout out ! We are excited for the new Great Steak Challenge to go live!
Light rain, #Maroon5, a rainbow, fall leaves, guys carrying six packs of beer, the smell of cut grass and a wood burning fire.
Hi Lisa I hope you have a great day!
will you have a ride on Saturday???
Happy birthday, ! Beliebers love you! Thanks for sticking by Justin. You are an amazing friend to him! <3 have a great day!
here i found a drinking game for yall
Monday's the last day to register for NBC "30 Rock" w/ Head Casting Director Katja Blichfeld. Sign up online or call 212.594.9616 now!
We still have some left. I don't think it will last much longer.
I miss going out with and Matt Lucas, it wont let me tag you!!!!!!!
You gotta look past the negativity and start enjoying your own journey
agree with you
Since I'm mostly looking at academics, they probably don't feel the same way. :(
Tell I said hi :p
"Signing this free agent running back is more my forte." ~ the Chicago Bears Owner (if she has any sense)
Thanks for the signed t-shirt yesterday I'll wear it w/pride. Go #butler!
Projekt.com has the new Makaras Pen cd! If your a shoegaze fan, check it out on iTunes..
RT : I love boobs.
If you still haven't seen it. Then go to Grandson gets brain freeze. It's so funny. It's really my grandson
BB hasn't made a phone to compete with the iPhone, what makes you think they will for the iPad?
Just one touch, now baby I believe.
Dang it you got a picture of james XD I'm going to get Ken Doll then :)
So much to celebrate today: Don Pollock won a Guggenheim, and Matt Bell and Mike Czyzniejewski got tenure-track gigs (at NMU and Miz St.)
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. Also, tornados and the dark and everything.
I will be leaving for Alaska in three months!!! Vacation AND giving readings, clearings and messages.. So excited!! I wanna see a moose.
Heart U Back:)
Pier 60 or Chili Blaze....?
Amen. Not many sisters in Des Moines. Maybe she can meet in Clyde, MO starting next month.
« I want to visit Australia!»
Ah, yes. Good choice.
Last page update of 2010! Thanks for reading, and stay tuned in 2011!
wish you would've came!
A good time was had at harpoon Oktober beerfest. I cannot move my legs from serving beer non stop.there will be a lot of sore heads
Appreciate that.
we haven't been on because of school , and some problem , moved & stuff . Now we live in new York . Per mentally
Me too. Watching "The Birds" now, next up is "Rear Window". I have to pay extra attention to find him. Thx for the bonus info : )
awww austy yesterday you was 15 and now you have 16 I'm so pround :')
but boy if you think cena sux thats your opion everybody has there own opion likes and dis likes but anyways hows it goin with ya
HEY. What time we going today?
Trey Songz can get it
Not on site, or I'd greet you myself! Hope you were able to put that chicken & waffles order in by now. Keep me posted!
my mouth started itching. But she told me her mouth had been itchy for along time. Now wondering if environmental allergies.
Titanoboa, #MonsterSnake was a real show stopper on ! Airs tonight at 6:00 p.m. as well if you missed it!
lol at you quoting the song that was playing at the PLL dance LOOLLL
Christopher needs to wake up
sound like a good day for Narvey to spin a little No-No himself!
who gets revenge by having sex with ur best friend.... i hope you get #STD's b*tch........ -__-
they once were
I got a cheat sheet still Finna
Goodmorning twitter family and friends!! Been mia on social media world for a while to enjoy the ORIGINAL world a little more. ;)
Your Welcome. Thanks for following me back!
ewhh my sisters throwing up & i can hear it ! ;o
Thank you Thank you Thank you!
No there is nothing cool at all about Joakim Noah doing the #fingerguns after every made shot
RT : hey now. Dont be showing off my sexy farmers tan to everyone! Haha // Lol :)
My eyelids weigh a ton...but I can't close them yet >_-
Maybe we should all go to Maker Faire together! Or Seattle! Or Laurel's porch!
Do you drink "good coffee" on weekends only or everyday?
Finta Drop A Quick Song!!
Speaking of shoes, my new #inov8's just arrived. YAY!!!
dont spam me. literally, so yeah, i dont enjoy viruses but thanks anyways
of other boring things. I'm also auditioning for a movie role pro.d by sony...maybe idk i should have never signed up 4 the 1 sec scene lol
give me yours and ill text it to you.
: Actually i didn't !
too many cute things
John your less than 1 feet away from me, don't do me!
Racket ball is the best sport ever! I seriously have my racket and goggles in my trunk just in case I find some place to play
yup. BUT WAIT I CANT LEAVE AMERICA REMEMBER UGH FUDGE
Just hit on design strategy for my Engl 1101/New Media Literacy courses: pairing existing objectives with digital methods and tools.
omg no.
It's so true! We must fight for equality and hope for understanding.
hahah i remember target was so strict about clocks. but its on to the next one <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>house aint ready for adizzle
It was cool interviewing Brent Barry. Cool guy.
follow back please:) #muchlove:)
it is! We talked about smaller sections last week. Hopefully it helps!
Cheryl, thnk you! You made my morning! I haven't been twittering much these days, but I enjoy your tweets, too! #FF You rock!
Where did I go wrong #?
#am #i #annoying #with #my #hashtags #yet #? #mwahah #evil #child :D
You can't even hold a conversation. How you supposed to hold the title of a bad bitch?
Awesome Nick. Thanks so much for letting me a part of your career.
Lunch: Diet Coke, doritos and a handful of cashews. Clearly, I'm in training.
I think that any effort that promotes literacy should be supported.
It's spelled like Darrel but it's pronounced Duh-rell.
cant. stop. pinning.
my nose burn >_<
I enjoyed it! Time for the Rangers to win now.
Lol! But let me not complain. The food is good and I'm not paying. Plus I get out of teaching 4 classes tomorrow haha
You can help by following www.twitter.com/californiaford
We will be at water and buffalo around 11:15 am. Come on down
It is too late in the year for booty shorts. Even if it is in the mid-70s. Not even if you're wearing tall boots. Seriously.
Change of plans for the June 24th Brewtopia! We have re-scheduled it to July 29th; same beers, different date!
tonight you are, I'm in 2nd though, is last
Feel so good in this bed I don't wanna get out ! I got things to do :/
Chopping their lead down, like an axe to a tree...
If we havent said thank you, THANK YOU for supporting the last Day Party on April 3. The next one is June 5 and it is going to be bananas.
Yeah but he didn't three-peat so I'm not impressed.
So is that why Putin was taking off his shirt in all of those media pictures?
What time is private practice tonight?!
Repitalo por favor: double-opt-in, double-opt-in, double-opt-in.... :)
Duncan thinks he's a lap dog.
Why Phillip keep trying to touch Joshua when he don't wanna be touched
#yobitv Ben Green Is hilarious! Great Talent
You know you want my lovin' baby.
#lowcarb dieters, do you find yourself needing less sleep?
That's Great (: I'm Good To Just Been Working On My Modeling
I think they would. That is very nice of you.
sounds good, hows the food?
You were awesome today. Thanks for your continued trust and support. God Bless positive humor!
Of those five, "Fungky Van Den Elzen" is the most puzzling...
We were belting it out on the way home last nt -- also "We Are Young." grt for those who are musically challenged!
And all of a sudden Tim Thomas is trending on About 90% of it is linked to Pitt fans, political references and Peggy jokes.
Thanks for all the good music, folks!
invest in the artifact. smal runs. more art. social games to encourage sharing thru the shop
you are very welcome!
actually, the tap water here is non-potable. not kidding.
no way, you'll know cause my hands will be orange lol.
Thanks for sharing. Have you been on a tour with us? RT have you heard about ? You would like, I suspect...
I know! They know they'll never be better... They're just ew. :s
HECK YEAH AMURRICAH
Text me c:
Who is looking at doing #p90x or going up a level to #P90X2 ??? Contact me today! Don't wait tomorrow is never promised...
I'm ready for #MrsGalvan class
Oprahs audience looks like a sear catalog
Crush a can and recycle it... for it is National Beer Can Day. Use this information wisely. Great Beer, Great Responsibility
Hashing out the syllabus for Sound Art this next semester. Sound walks, installations, invented instruments, sensor mapping, turntables...
are you still touring with rise against oh my god its been 6 months
aww... miinah!! I bet u look so cute!!
I tried to hide from the kiddies becausse of my sickness but they found me anyways
You're welcome : Thank you RT .That #Caymus will go good with a filet. Enjoy gentlemen!
Ha! If u've noticed, but I've gotten a lot of backlash on my tweets about Aubrey! What is with that chick?! I hope she doesn't win!
Tht boy will alwayz have a part of my heart.....my 1 n only true love
No matter which CVS I go into late at night, theres always a guy with his pants down.
I'm guessing you've been pretty busy?
Bored of the color or design of your iPhone,iPad,or iPod?Call for a color or design change! Call 561-487-5550 today!
80% of medical expenses are stress related. Are you addressing this? Let us help!
I'm working on my master plan to make my wife.
"One of the functions of government is to allow and facilitate the unfettered pursuit of happiness." Doug Blackmon
UK recruits on the roster: Daniel Orton, Jon Hood, GJ Vilarino. Tickets at www.kdf.org
Watching harry potter and the deathly hollows part 1 with
If we truly love people the way we are called to, we won't be able to stop loving them even when it's hard because love never fails.
On my count, Derek Watt had four tackles for loss during Wisconsin's scrimmage this afternoon. Also, an INT during "Skelly."
I will now ! What a catch !
It may be that those who do most, dream most
heheh yes, think I'll play a bit of original Zelda to celebrate
I refer to him as "Cardinal Biden."
Oh look at me, I'm and causing all the drama, but not being a part of it, is so awesome.
The Okay Even-Tempered Fella
BD team should go:
When we recognize authentic people, we want to stuff them in a box, away from cruel influences of real world? Box must open at some point!
Dont you hate it when your Dentist yaps his mouth instead of cleaning your teeth!? #HURRY up already! OneAndOnly<3
it's the situation im in so...
#JBSOMEDAY I love the perfume.
Justin better b the next fam wizard or else it will b a cold boring spring break!
Luke 8:15But that on the good ground are they,which in an honest & good heart,having heard the word,keep it, & bring forth fruit w/patience.
Seriously, how in the heck did PDX beat us? They can't even put three passes together tonight.
Congrats to all the bay area bands playing BFD. check out ,
After last nights its apparent #Baltimore needs better mass transit. At the very least the Circulator needs to run to canton.
RT I don't know why anyone would buy a memory foam mattress. I want my bed to forget stuff.
Cutest. Thing. Ever
Let's go Heat!!
10 scale how gross it is that I ate bowls of ground meat all day for my meals.
Some guy on campus is wearing an Ole Miss Hockey shirt. I didn't know that existed
The company is revamped and ready for actions
i have a new phone
aw thankyou :) how are you?
Our next gig is at Plush on Thurs. March 22. Should be a blast: A "Girlfight Presents" with all female-led bands. Joy!Joy!
Officially announced to my work so it's official. I will be joining the VCU Brandcenter Class of 2014 Copywriting program.
I could have started an annual award thing for "could have done". Really, I could have...I just didn't.
lol what text me fool!!!!!
Just Cause Niggas Are Gay Doesn't Mean They Have To Talk Like Bitches I Don't Get It...
last thing before I go ..I don't know if this #alicebucketlist is for real, but I guess I'll jump on that too.
Responding to you! :)
Buy a Medalert or Kid Safe Child ID card today for your loved ones. It can save their life by preventing medical treatment errors.
"Keep the people who love you and leave those who Hurt you"
Well, do you want to borrow one of my 543535345 scarves? :)
where u at
YES, kind of
if you come through nashville, check out "beer-thirty" at grimeys...Free imports and great music
I wanna play draw something with lmao. :) :)
New Gretsch Catalina drumkit now available for use in the studio! Pictures coming soon...
Let's combine running man, Truman show, Battle Royal, 1984, and Gilmore girls and make a movie.
superb Mr. Man! ! ! Absolutely HILARIOUS :-D
business is always fun :) how are you?
sigh..so tired, but 1 more round to go ;-) Merry Christmas Twitter-World
well I want to know why she's your idol!!
David Guetta+gym=insane workout!!
Watching disney channel and some fag is catwheeling across america
wow! I supposed you'd have to LOVE golf to play it on your day off in the pouring rain... #idontunderstandtheseguys!
i definitely disagree.
maybe I should have talked about $1.5M of incremental rev generated around Black Friday & delivered customers to stores?
Your kids are gonna ask you, "Did you watch #Fringe live when it was on?" & you're gonna say "No" & your kids are not gonna be impressed.
did you score at al? Please tell me you did
-!!!*WENT TO MALL WITH VALERIE AND AMY TODAY, BEZT TIME EVER <333*!!!-
Fresh Strawberry Milkshakes or Smoothies always hit the spot!
The moment after a concert where your ears are ringing, practically deaf and back is sore. Worth it all...
Sadly not, but Johnny is saying he'll "fire" him if he doesn't apologize.
and should send in what foundation i should support spread the love retweet and make a difference
Off to a work meeting in clinic
the better question is, how hot is sister?
guys who have a myspace ??
I don't even know what that is ? Cool?
I'm having trouble visualizing, so you should send me a picture.
Did something a couple months ago I kinda wanna do again....to show how much I changed...I'm not afraid anymore I wanna fix things
How funny! Also: not sure those LED lights are original stock. (Note: Jay gave flowers to Drew's wife, so he's aces in my book.)
YOLO doesn't make sense. If YOLO, don't screw it up by doing something stupid. What a lame excuse.
My mom keeps calling me by my brothers name -.-
Yes!RT : Made a casting director laugh at , got first rehearsal date for Comedy of Errors,and met a mensch.Great day
Perfect date? I'd have to say April 25. It's not too hot and not too cold, all you need is a light jacket. #MissCongeniality via
Inspiring opening session keynote #re: prepping librarians for success rather than failure.
I really should do homework today... But I'm really not feeling it.
how many tats do you have?
I just realized I play Temple Run way better while I'm on the Toilet.. Is it just me?
Looking for a new Happy Hour brew? Summer Wheat is now on shelves...
I can play 'I Want' by the one and only, on piano,
The Chicken Apple Sausage is very much my favorite! M...
There is expectation that digital technology is inc into our classrooms, but we can't even get wifi at some plcs in campus
All praises to the spirit of the Egyptian people!!!
When the lights go down, are you afraid of the dark? :3
#LAMHarvard DFerriero: study user behavior -- where do kids get their information? Stop with the "shoulds" already!
God bless textbook reps—when they bring bags of candy with them, that is.
Good luck Austin!
just did :)
Thank you Girl Wonder! I'm planning to camp out under my mail box waiting for the ARC arrival.
I'm against #SOPA from a free speech perspective (constitutionality issues). I'm also against theft.
Hey, Hikari! May I post this video on my website? I will give you full credit for your video. It's so cool they were on TV!
THE NEXT BIG THING IN MMA STR8 FROM THE BACKYARD TO THE OCTAGON & TO THE BIG SCREEN FOLLOW THE STAR OF DAWG FIGHT
About to make it a Tasteful Evening at Bell Harbor
RT : Team Stella is using and to do some research for our Sweet 16 business plan! #uwbpc12 |Cool!
oh, yea, I've hit that one up a few times. Lol
#ANightinHollywoodLive is blowing my mind right now lol
Here with for the CMYE event. Thanks so much for the sweet services and awesome atmosphere.
I really want a boyfriend that...
Excited to take part in DC's 5x5 photography event. Just starting so I have a lot of locations to scout
Today's the 72nd anniversary of the first Batman comic..
but why?
this is gonna b the LONGEST #6DAYS OF MY LIFE!! #excited #boyfriend follow?4
Somebody bring me some coffee!
Monitoring, listening, measuring, analyzing. Which describes u & your biz? Analyzing is where we need to go.
Lovin' me some Lecrea today! My sons would be so embarrassed! Haha!
I've got a quote from the 8 bus: "Wear that linen, brother, don't be ashamed!"
Oh, That's Your girl?! Damn nicca, You aint learned shit! She naked in my studio, I'm on that
Wishing everyone a great day!!
which "show?" the concert or me hitting myself in the dick with a hammer? (both, i bet! :~()
Answering work emails on basic mobile issues....I'm convinced there is no actual help desk. I really need to stop checking email.....
thanks for the RT Jay!
I mean, he's been far from perfect, but how many times does he bring someone in, late or not, and they just suck.
Ha! That deserves an eek.
It's my Birthday!! :D
Some old hag caught a hippie tripping on acid
It's been a chill day<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><U+263A>
#2badtwins song n video wack as hell i know niggas bout to think this shit cold
It's always something
only weird people watch big bang theory.
I LIKE THE BLOND DUDE!!
Past due library books... GREAT!
I'm seeing Interactive Keynote Live Stream - Ambient Location and the Future of the Interface at SXSW 2012.
After revisiting some of your past work, I realize that it would be a big honor to work with you in some capacity one day.
me!!! I just got off work. Having a mojito and some food al alone.
Give Us This Day Our Daily Bread
An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have
I am so confused.
“: A successful (wo)man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him/her. ~ David Brinkley. Love
Getting ready 2 show our first rough cut in class! #508epic wish us luck - THANKS -
Hopes everybody had a great Labor Day and here's to an artistically fruitful Fall Season to all.
why can't i update MP3 ID3 tags using OS X Finder? ... had to find a utility to do this--iTunes isn't quick/agile enough.
lmao! #itwasniceatfirst but nigga asks more questions than Judge Judy!!!
#SouthParkQuotes "Man-bear-pig: Half man, half bear.......half pig"
What are your favorite all-time music songs?
As you watch the world go by, roll a jay, and go get high.
Flashback to 99' bounce!!!
I follow reporters. Will have some international breaking news hopefully in less than a month.
Win two more games for us, fellas! Then 4 more after that.
#FollowFriday The two best bronco training camp reporters
watching The Voice on Sky+... is it me or is looking HOT! Hi Five from the Philosophy Girls xx
Oh, Captivate. How I can spend two hours tweaking the timing on a 3 minute capture, I will never figure out.
Science flies you to the moon...Religion flies you into buildings
Good music. Keep working at it.
-Dark Star track. Great choice! Cool, quirky.
"...so while in my storm I'll BOLDLY PROCLAIM; IT IS WELL W/ ME...
My BG is beautiful,can't stop staring at it
Have you seen the new Flickr "justified" layout? Have you seen the Microsoft SkyDrive layout? Hm...
SISTERS BROTHERS was indeed a very enjoyable read. Had a quirky, somewhat offbeat tone that really worked.
aw spanks
absolutely - if we don't support each other, then who will?
The Tofurky is in the freezer.
hm maybe a sun dress over jeans with a fleece pullover and sandals with socks :D then you strip on the plane & turn normal
Dealer busted... $5k win for area kids!! Thanks to for supporting area children
New 4th of July Sound Design, and more, is up now on #productionvault!
Yes you can call it that..."Queen of Spain"...the irony :) rt wait.. is there a game on? #esp ???
I'm at your website now. Would you prefer hard copy or email? If email where do I send? If hard 6500 Santa Monica? Thanks!
Just gOt home bout to chill and shit I need to go see wats up wit my car and shit its not running good at all not wats up at all
On my way to Skyline Comedy Cafe to see Auggie Smith
Writers needed for film festival!
It's still kinda awesome though
The distance is nothing; it's only the 1st step that is difficult. ~ Marquise du Deffand
In #Drupal theming today, discovered a module that included a CSS file with hard-coded link colors. I submitted a patch to fix it. :)
Over used phrase of the AM "Paradigm change" enough already! Life is a constant "Paradigm change". Its about adjustments.
Bc I do. That pipe line will create 100000 jobs but when it is finished it will take away over 450 k jobs. Not just the US but for north Ame
Already May 14th... Nice Start to the Monday Morning Drive...
"I used to love Doggy Chow, too!" [Touch chips together] #WhereYouDanceAtDarlin?
i think so !
Congrats! You win the $10 Tab today! The tab is only good for tonight and let the host know you are the $10 tab winner of the day!
Ya'll should know not to put money towards someone who fight's Mayweather cause you'll be losing your money no doubt!
R.I.P. Nate Dogg
If only I could turn back time and tell myself not to do that.
hahahaha nice! Nice!
This is a sweatpants day <3
it's . Thanks!
sounds like an eventful weekend :)
Wake and live!! Dance the day away
This was before the goal. --> RT : Hey ! Have you booked #USWNT for the show yet? Better get on that.
awesome! So glad you will be coming out! :)
help support #TeensAgainstTeenSuicide .
This should be fixed now. We view category as a pain for users, we're letting machines doing the work.
My #AERA2012 proposal was accepted! I'll be presenting on hip-hop epistemology and culturally responsive science teaching.
Great chat today, everyone. Thanks for the great discussions.
thx, ! Have a great weekend.
Damn it Eli, don't let Tom Brady walk into your brothers house and steal your ring..
Waking up in the morning to dance crazy to a song the rest of the week. Why are me and my best friend so cool?
Adults WILL STOP saying stuff like "just chillaxin."
I think I lost my movie voucher. Why do I suck at life?
aw trouble! Ha ha he's awesome
This is officially the dumbest group of people to ever play the game of
Check out some of earlier work as well. I especially recommend their thematic work "The Hazards of Love".
Nepalese cabby recommends Chicago Curry House (900 S Plymouth) and Himalaya (Milwaukee at Golf). Anybody been?
umm..so my date is a princeton lame? But yet yo date was so yung yu can be his legal guardian..
Starting to look and feel like rain today. Can really use the wet stuff. Been nice getting work done outside in the meantime
That's just the teaser. Wait until you see the spot and then let me know what you think.
thanks for listing guys! would love to meet sometime!
oh hell no
Spent 20 minutes talking about unicorns in class today. win.
We're wearing our indigos tomorrow?! Sweet!
Aww, its no problem at all! I love to support my Phavorite Phoole! I'll be tuning in!
"I am not an artist. I am an image maker." Thomas Hoepker,
Thanks for the favorite!
Never thought finding heels that actually fit me would take so long. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0>
It pleases me to hear that Brandon Jacobs is a beast on and off the field. Bonus that he has good taste in automobiles
Then i remember its #YOLO so its fuckem & keep livin
ha RT : Brutal. Tried to pick up a muffin today but they wanted a dollar in return. I thought this was 2012?
South Milwaukee -- full assignment at Appleton electric foundry for explosion w/ injuries 5th & milwaukee.
Thanks man! Looking forward to seeing you next week!
you too! So sorry. I quickly looked for you but had to run back to the office for a crisis. Go figure! Great session today!
Does anyone have an iPhone charger I could use?
Three discs of Psychocandy?! Oh, hell yeah! Sign me up, daddy-o!
some of us worry about the darndest things...we already own 2 hondas and won't be needing more in the near future
Im skinny on the inside
What is wrong with Engo? I've been MIA this week...
": #WhatMeansTheWorldTo #Capricorn Being able to let our guards down for special people we feel we are able to trust."
I knew it, cool well I left it in the jar on my porch, ignore the lipgloss, g-string & rubber mouse in there.
Last Monday of my 31st year. I'm okay with that...
Hello, I am an author/researcher. I have important information 2 get out 2 the public. What would U recommend? Thanks.
LOL OMG I DONT KNOW WHAT I WOULD DO. what if we saw him at the beach and he said we were cute and asked us to hangout?! OMG.
:) get a drink and join in
Selena Gomez is my dream girl.
I didn't get a chance before now. Welcome to twitter. It's not all full of hate.
you gotta stop all of that
don't forget to bring that stack for my therminator app friday! oh, and my phone takes an 1/8th inch jack.
RT if you believe life had an "Undo" button.
I eat really healthy, and if I'm tired, I take a nap
I saw you again in 's blog! You are really getting around. Congrats!
sounds so fun wish I was in vegas. Did however get to chill in the booth when I went out, coolest view ever
Ready to jumpstart your #workouts and save? Learn about our special offer on the F7 Fold Away Gym Today!
give me hahaha
you should humph loudly at him. It helped me with the woman in the post office parking lot who took up two spaces.
Our office is located in gorgeous #Madison, WI. For #TuesdayTwitterTips, we’re giving 10 reasons to live in a college town…post college.
We will. Any pub is good pub I guess but jeez is this really the best they have?
That is very cool!
thanks for the retweet. That article was so fresh in naming writers' tics and odd needs for revision!
"Friday Funny: What do you get if you cross poison ivy with a four-leaf clover? A rash of good luck!"
Hey Jeff! Doing good! how are you?
Suck it los Angeles
Full from my big dinner & about to enjoy my evening with while haterz cry themselves to sleep
Thx for hanging with me! Have a gr8 week!
Done with class and its starting to rain.. Perfect day to lounge at the appt. At least until i start drinking! where are u?
Albino Rhino in the game for Cincinnati Bearcats on defense. Go Adam Dempsey!
Today I missed high school...?
*Sigh* A million things to do today. This audiobook has the same CD on #7 and #8. Better tell the library.
S/O to for the Charlie horse last night. I can't walk
and thank you very much! I've not been so happy in many years.
Stop checking your phone, he's not going to text you.
Bells at Brick & Mortar featuring Geneva from on drums.
#SDblackout #sdoutage Staying @ the SD Marriott by the harbor, need food! What's open in downtown SD?
I just got #punked by ! Surprises...surprises...surprises! Wow!
how'd you do?!? Sorry I couldn't make it:(
Thanks for the mention.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay would you like fries with that?
ok. basically, a much more awesomer reference. got it.
Gwyd, not sure I cd tch u anytng u dnt alredy no! MT : 1 day, i'll take yr class. & it will B gd. That is all.
don't be nervous. Directioners are going to keep voting till the very last second :) xx
Happy Opening Day! May the Nachos be ever in your favor.
RT : 1:30AM making pie dough and rubbing meats for tomorrow. Lots of hard work, but you guys make it all worth it.
Thinking about an stop this week...
To some of you, Happy Stage Mother’s Day!
In every P.E class there is always that one person who thinks they are in the Olympics. -_-
Who drinks #Kombucha?
RT - miami dolphins left tackle jake long who been injured since last season is expected to be ready against new england
Need a break from Black Friday shopping? Stop in to for some wine flights and a bite to eat!
I hate getting rejected from jobs, but I also hate rejecting job offers. It's a lose/lose situation.
mufuckas r dumb....
Followed! We'll chat soon. Happy weekend!
Someone's talking shit bout me and im on punishment and cant go find
Let's help #FindLauren... www.findlauren.com
Today is the only day that I like commercials....
may have read "breaking bread," to which I would sass you.
ikr!Literally for the past week straight when i get home from school i go on Cody's Website&play his songs over and over again
Smoke rings.
Good Morning Miss Tee will you DM me please I have a important question I think you can help me with :)
A1) top women in Social Media that I know are
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful peeps! Thank you for all you do
If u got a honda or toyota take it to chinatown or by bellaire where asían people live, technicians there have been fixing same models
LIKE this post if you had a Great Time at Calle Ocho 2012 and enjoyed the food and music !!
Visiting #Atlanta w/ my 17 yr old, looking for good #paleo friendly restaurants.
awesome. Monday is good for me.
thanks for sharing guys!
he want that mitch keep an eye
Call us asap if you want to go to see we are augustines on monday!
1/22 App Special :Three Cheese Phyllo Wrap with Sautéed Pesto tossed Julienne Vegetables & a Roasted Bell Pepper Tomato Coulis
Glad you're having fun!
Gotta check out Doug Briney's new single, "More than Just a Farm." GREAT song!
Of course he does. RT Carlos Beltran hits 2 HR and drives in 6 runs for 2nd time in last 7 days.
Y'all 4 real! “: 20-0! UK is off to the best start in school history series win over No. 2 S Carolina, 4-3.”
How loud can it get
“: Big news for 4 St. Louis Chefs & James Beard Foundation!! CONGRATS!!
i followed them the first time you talked about s/os come on please pay attention to me!
"Sometimes there's a fine line between love and hate"
Beautiful stranger, say hey to me.
so have you ever been 1 of the first 50? lol =)
over her place still, she already sleep. over here snorin and talkin and shit lol she needed me. so i came thru
have fun
Lmao i can be your #holidaytreat !!
Don't you fret, my dear, it'll all be over soon. I'll be waiting here for you.
Hot Hot Hot. Did I say it is hot here in phoenix?
Long ago, Mr. Potato Head had other vegetable and fruit friends, like a pepper, a carrot, and an orange. (I had these.)
dude you shoulda heard the voicemail I got.
Merry Christmas and Peace to all
Enjoying thoughts on #TEDxUChicago and education. Thanks, Molly!
#UN Security Council has agreed to send 300 mil observers to #Syria for 3 month period. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to decide when.
don't worry boy. I got the package in the bag
hello twitter
Just loved dancing to Bulgarian music in brooklyn.
Happy New Year!
took me a while to place that. Library roof screaming for greening.
Reviewed two short films yesterday and still have 3 features to go…. ack!!
Just finished writing a new blog that will be out next week. The power of the sun is amazing and untapped!
I've seen my BFF cry twice in my life. This time it counts!
If we were doing all we can then BW wouldn't look like British theater. Regional theater wouldn't look like BW
RT : OR tribe working to grow native plants on Hanford land that's been scoured of contamination. The story at 4:45.
I had the crawfish! Loved it!
My beautiful twin boys turned 25 yesterday:)
If you never did you should. These things are fun and fun is good. Dr. Seuss
CD Release Show TMW NIGHT! Don't miss out on picking up an advance copy of our newest release!
Idk but is a cutie.
We are throwing a charity event next Friday at Joes Grotto with for the Christmas Wish. Let's help a family!
Sweet dreams everyone !! <U+2665>
Thx, I'll try to keep motivated & hope to improve PR too! :)
8a: We will hit a density point where city expansion will continue, I don't see cycling cities getting bike highways anytime soon.
Call me "Thunder Power Pussy"
a ok
Love it!
Finally, again taking working out seriously. Need to focus on racing next season.
“: my arms !!!! #focused ”. A little tender? Gotta get you ready for the big video.
Ok Yanks. Hopefully Kansas City will be a bottom tier team you CAN beat.
your gorgeous,perfect,flawless and you look like a angel from above. please do not say you are not good enough because u are.
Slacks in Town Brookhaven has closed!! I guess it was only a matter of time.
we don't have it listed separately but if you send me an email at I can send them to you
listening to Aretha Franklin - the Queen of Soul. listening to Tina Turner - Proud Mary is HOT!
Already I can tell this day is going to test my patience. It's starting to feel like a total waste of makeup.
A2. Well, he's not playing #bass yet, but that's cause we haven't signed him up for lessons yet.
What do you look for when shopping for a light fixture? Style or function? Or both?? Send us an !
Q4: If a project ends or stops growing, how do we make "invisible" past contributions visible?
Send Word Now Communications of the Year Finalist! #dri2012 Come by booth #101 May 20-23 and join us!!!!
Hey - still interested in a Skype interview?
You'll have to drop by for a visit next time you're in town. During Comic Con, perhaps?
Tomorrow 9am Group Class!!!! Come for your first time or bring a friend and get a FREE recovery drink!
Exhausted! It's been a fun day!!
One of the many things I admire about Fed: he's a "grown-ass" man
So I totally met and last night!! Then I woke up);
lose grad on the floor vo de jennifer lopez
after the seed is planted it is her job your right but thn she must take responsibility is she miscarriages.
Take it as you like it, but she told me today as of now she's not locked into attending any conventions. Sorry and relax.
please tell Mama Irigoyen Happy Mother's Day for me!! :)
RT for a virtual Christmas card!!!!!
LOL, there's no losing when recommending cool apps.
Hey Buzz, in my home, I'm the butler!
finds that an unexpected day home with a sick kiddo is actually very good for her psyche and stress level.
Happy Pi Day!
you will!!
"I'm like Samthe Butcher bringing Alice the meat"--still a great line.
lol how wass your night? & jumping air highfive on your pic, even though itss way overdue
I will not worry about tomorrow, but in prayer, thankfulness, and donuts - seek the Lord
RT : Bummed I can't get Hubspot's webinar on my ipad. I mean, this is a webinar on going MOBILE
please let me know if you have any concerns -Kavi
Glad to hear you've got in the #ROC! Its a great place full of fun adventures to be had.
Not sure why I torture myself with romantic movies. Watching the vow as I work.
wow, the animated .gif in glorious form. also, profound: "it's not lost ~ it's just wet"
. "Are you German, or..??" "YOU'RE JUST A BUNCH OF ENGLISH HOOLIGANS" - changed my life
was that today?
thanks so much for the RT. did you download our album, it's free until 10am tomorrow.
RT : T3: Boom. Add a wireless keyboard and a stand and you have whats better than a laptop. Yes, they will replace PCs.
I love this season
this organization is a mess from top to bottom
chachi girl i see you
Waking up to 10 missed calls dozens of texts and pictures of a furry ... Just the average
“: The 45 minutes in one sentence: Labor is sad to be here in opposition.” ha. Indeed.
Amount of time in the GYM = Amount of time eating non stop after :-) RT : 2 Hours in the gym nonstop!!
There are like, twenty people at GABP.
good luck fam!
I vote that he is now 's. If you drop him, you drop him, impatience will not be rewarded by our league.
Dennison scores again.
I've too many open games now but will play WWF with you ASAP I'm retosto.
didn't see this until now. you know that's right!!
hi follow me plzs
we launch tomorrow! months and months and months of hard work have finally come down to a mere 15 hours till we launch in NYC!!! u ready!?
I don't follow basketball much but can you tell me what that thing hanging down from Jeremy Lin's chin is? Skin tag?
Why don't we hear , , on Sirius XM except maybe late Sat nite? Workdays need to rock, 2! Armor Up!
It's a new year! It's a new you! Make the best of everyday!
yes! Just stop in and fill out an application! Volunteers are always needed to help out.
Hi Thank you for the fun follow! Happy writing!
I want the frizzies to disappear! I live in the deep south with 100% relative humidity!
hoping this week will go by fast
Yes I am that woman that celebrates her dogs birthday!
Showing & Telling is critical in sharing info since different areas of the brain are activated.
Thank you for your updates. I have a BFF in Suwanee.
Go follow he's trying to hit a mill.
damn I didn't win the lottery...
Thanks Ashley!
Follow !! LIKE us on #facebook!
Had fun with my sis kelly today. Got new gagues and decided to go up a size i am now at 7/15. No more after this.
While in the airport I've realized: 1) There are more ppl than you think w/ missing limbs 2)AA's delay to "fix" a seat is extremely long
Clearly. Babies and Tequila.
last I checked, refs can red card players in soccer
All my girls from the 504 need to drop it right now
#DontBeScared to tell he's bringing sexy back ;)
I love you
Spanish rice is so yummy
i love those son! <3
What worse timing could it possibly be for me to completely pop my tire? I'm in a city where I just moved to, am broke, and know no one.
#REMIX Deemed America ’s top DJ, Kaskade put on a show for the ages during this years Coachella Festival in the Indio desert. Lucky for u
The only thing about tweets and text is that people take offense bc u can't tell how people are saying it
if only I had a car I would drive like a maniac to see you ( ps I am a terrible speller if I spelt maniac wrong my bad)
#AWP12 what the hell is Polyphony HS? It is the premier lit mag for #teen writers. We publish the next gen award winning writers. Full stop
Two fun Vegas events in the pipeline, stay tuned! We'll be emailing all eligible talent as soon as the deets are final!
You and reported #Bogut asked for trade. Is that speculative? If not, it's been underreported. Any reason why?
Go to Showtime On Demand and watch Californication Season 5 Episode 1. Watch Quin & Reed in action!
Red-eared Slider :)
Marty Sklar wrote and took out the first Guided Tour at #Disneyland. Jack Lindquist and Dick Nunis took out the following two.
Congrats! What a great feeling!
Absolutely RT Worst thing about Weinergate is that Breitbart & his dishonest minions will use this to excuse past dishonesty.
My mom loves recounting the story about how one of her cats snuck under my father's arm and stole a whole hot dog.
I did the package. No interviews or mag features, no feature from a known artist. Nothing.
I love you, without conditions, beyond measure and forever
We all have much 2 learn. Im sure its only a step in direction He's taking u. No way He was letting u slip through the cracks.
Awesome tour of Chicago's pedway thanks to , Now to finish #Neverwhere!
average office worker goes through 10,000 sheets a year. print on both sides,use the back side of old documents for faxes or scrap paper,
First day as a Small Group Leader was exciting. 6th grade boys at 7 a.m.? Who wouldn't have fun? Looking forward to a great year.
cute photo--so glad he likes it! Peter still loves his blue, indestructible squeaky bone.
little did I know that buying a $3,000 camera required $1,500 lenses and a couple more grand in accessories.
Why would u dump someone by the way they text you??..... childish generation we in..
Does it involve the butter sock?
Some older people heard our music called us freaks and said they were surprised we don't have a hundred kids
RT : Insufficient levels of iodine in the body can cause you to gain weight..... FIX: eggs & yogurt
Hope the fish are biting for you tomorrow. Enjoy it!
Thought I'd have trouble brainstorming ideas but now they're popping up all over the place : )
tell me wassup
burned 568 calories doing 40 minutes of "Aerobics, step, with 6-8 inch step"
disregard that last tweet I sent you,your tag got mixed up but homie's
Go Truely!!!": Truely beat Gwendlyn in an arcade game where you push buttons and use the controller to beat your opponent...
At Universal Citywalk with my boyfriend. Going to have some food and then see Casablanca on the big screen!
that's doable.
talk about without trigger your baggage, or that of your peers... (admittedly most don't admit that to themselves).
I do love it actually! ;)
good stuff bro, congrats and keep up the good work!
Maybe we should start a #workforbooks for our Laptop Giveaway..hm...not a bad idea, thanks
BIG congrats!!
plase :) i beg you
NIECE: I like hip hop ME: since when? NIECE: since Thursday... and then she proceeded to sing "all I do is win" and "omg"
Pheww its working now.
Dis Summer Its Gone Be Live.,! Short,Backouts,Dress,Sandals,And Smoking On Loud
Considering they did in the neighborhood of a $18 billion media buy, I'd say thats a decent ROI.
Let Door to Door Organics Shop for You
Demographics, psychographic and socialgraphics = competitive advantage in a noisy online world of advertising and marketing.
Me and 's relationship is like a tornado. Doesn't always get to the point of touching the ground, but shit still flys everywhere.
2nd day of 2010 and all is well; love, love, love my new computer!
I think I transfer to spotify if they send me Justin Bieber's If I was your Boyfriend.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song? you're never gonna see this so derp
well, the eq I have been using is, how did africas geography impact the first civilizations that arose there?
You've pinpointed the moment I became aware of Michael Keaton.
Damn! My husband's a pretty good guitar player!
Wishes we had a tweeter box with at least up to 400 characters instead of 160. B.S.
YouTube channel is up greenbaypackers73 Some SB party vids, some Packers bar vids...
This will be the red, white, and blue-iest Super Bowl.
RT "The best way to break a habit is to drop it."
“: thanks girl, your stunning as well! :)”-- Ahh thanks. But your prettier:)
thanks for sharing...I know some of Horace Mann but no that quote.
#President talks today about his #college #loans being paid off 8 yrs. ago.
eating oreo ice cream yummy
Just Saw #Super8 For The 3rd Time !
GAH! I fucking hate the #McDonalds by my house! They are so fucking incompetent! How hard is it to get a burger order right!
First one up today and already dressed sippin coffee!! Yay me!
Thank you Paul!
thanks guys for showing me love. Peace.
screw what up?
Im going to concert in New York(:<3
For , launch of 's integrated blogger & influencer program has helped engage viewers online & off.
grilled fish and gourmet food in the caff. They should do this everyday. They r only gonna be here for this lunch period
Thanks girl. <3 I'll tell ya al about it tomorrow.
Good day tweeples.
The only Turkish I can speak is "Doener Kebab" and "Lamacun," however we're both in music. We don't need words to communicate!:)
give him our best!
Come into Diversity and DT2 today! See what we put out while we were closed! Last Weds and Thurs that DT2 will be open so catch it now!
One of our investors wants to acquire a bulk tape of REOs in Los angeles, CA. Email us at if you can help.
HEY FAMILY AND FRIENDS, GET DOWN 4 ACES AND CHECK OUT OUR NEW MENU!
#1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro #Atlanta, Carpet Repair, #Upholstery Home & Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 678-653-5425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!!!
Thanks! We are happy to be connected. Have a wonder-fuller weekend!
If the person doesnt follow you back would it be #SOIF (someone I follow) instead of #oomf?
RT - IS CURRENTLY A BASEBALL ANALYST AND PLAYED FOR THE CLEVELAND INDIANS AND RETIRED IN 1970
Hillary looks great.
Nice to meet you! Ya I saw that did an interview & wanted to make sure I supported him!
It just happened 3 hours ago, so no. I can't afford buying a new tire let alone a new bike but thanks
Casey Anthony walks free 4 killing her daughter due 2"lack" of evidence & Troy Davis is executed due 2 "lack" of evidence. Disgraceful!!!!
Livestream of Hacking Society event on network economics and politics livestreaming at hackingsociety.us
Gonna be kickin at Blitz tonight for the Duck game. 40-31 Ducks is the final score. Come out to Blitz for a kick ass 1st Thurs Party tonight
nah nah nah boo boo!!!
Ha! LOL TJ! Funny, I can actually see that from that scumbag!
Obama releases disclosure forms. Has between $500k-$1M in JP Morgan (although maybe not anymore).
definitely, thanks for the shout out. DM me if you ever have something you wanna work on together
Not again!
damn. you made me google lewinsky scandal. because all I knew about it when it happened, I learned from Leno monologues
gotta be top 5 ugliest dudes in baseball. Gotta be.
oh thanks! And thanks for reading :) hope you are doing well!
After 20 minutes of playing around I regret not switching to Traktor a long time ago.
I wonder what the Keebler elves are doing right now.
Tattoos.tattoos. More tattoos. Getting my chest and throat started Friday. So stoked!
- Please divorce your husband and marry me. Make it quick
how does that feel? Burnt and crispy? But moist inside?
Wow that must have been a totall rush. sweet hangovers are no fun
Employers: have you hired a job seeker using twitter or facebook? I'd like to hear from you for a story I'm working on. DM for details!
#wastinglight is awesome! Fav songs are Rope, Alandria, and I Should've Known.
actually things are back underway here--break was v. quick....
Avengers was awesome! Remember to stay till the end of the credits :)
Fantastic! We will be there & look forward to meeting you. Cake will be served too!
SAGAFTRA. Great idea, terrible name. What do you think the new union should be called?
HEY,Cali peeps!! Get to NOLA, come film, save $$. Prod gettin lil slow in Cali?We on fiiaaahhh w/ films here. Come to da dirty dirty,save $$
Yes, "but every little thing is gonna be alright"....
#talentdividend El Paso Collaborative for Educational Excellence provided "respectful" venue in which to share data, problem-solve
Maybe he isn't feeling good.
Hahaha get tried
Any suggestions on an informative IT application - iPhone Free preferred. Looking for news, etc
What's the weirdest thing that you've ever gotten for Christmas?
Construction worker dies in Fairmount accident - Philadelphia Inquirer
I'd say he's probably proud of it. Either it's a cool shot or he thinks it makes him look good. Either way it shows big ego
I'll bring Bridesmaids to school tomorrow & see what teacher is cool enough to play it. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
thanks for your excellent story advice
way to say absolutely nothing about wiki leaks. Stick to great profiles of Facebook executives. Shelby squad, where are you?
Hope you have the best time ever!!
The MN Secretary of State estimates that 215,000 MN's do not have current photo ID. That means 215,000 votes would be restricted.
ART GARAGE TONIGHT!!!
GO DIE BITCH
: Great idea! Our team may have interest.
just saw him last week and I have to totally agree.
you should keep your eyes on the road. You're about to hit the house! Lol
two gorgeous ladies!
Enjoy it while we still have it and good luck slaying dragons.
This should be a very interesting twitter morning
saw my godfather for the first time in a very long time, tonight was pretty good :) and it just got better
#DWTS Next season, since each is already a star, have each Pro choose someone across the country whose been out of work at least a year
Thanks, one of our professors recommended it.
catchphrase? couldn't you guys have done some joga bonito in the airport. that would be a cooler commercial than the one with
Dude I totally forgot about Charlie. And Olivias BF, Keen Eddie.
RT : Story re Mitt's unpunished private schl gay-bashing synthesizes almost everything off-putting abt his privileged upbringing
lol agreed! ;) A living is usually nice
The leadership team of an organization must be passionate in order for the rest of the organization to be passionate as well. #CommonSense?
Too late, she probably just got 100,000 tweets, lol
what are u doin???
So the NCAA is now formally investigating the recruitment of Nerlens Noel.
Home is where the heart is, and my heart is on the road
Categories for tonights Geek Trivia: Sci-Fi Movie Haiku's. Cosmo's. Things you should be ashamed to know. 8pm
danielle has no twitter...
strawberries en route
Job searching sucks. For real.
i had a successful nap
I enjoy these. Good thing I don't have an ego.
yes, absolutely. Waiting, waiting, waiting for it to become available.
I did not...what site is that? I did adopt a gray wolf this winter for only $15
Backpacks in the ceiling.
Where are you? RT : Hating life.
The SJFC students have the camera's rolling. We are capturing the whole day on video!
i think you just saw the TT fredo.LOL
Just got home from school :)
The is more than a hint better when Ben Gordon is on a relevant playoff contender.
What are your thoughts on the city of London?
RT : #Shoutout to he playin some jams at Vamp. He got me dancing to songs i wont dance to haha "coolness"
Parents of murder suspect #Jessica Lopez say they "pray for the family of #Brittany Killgore" and call it a "tragic situation"
Full weekend! Think Like a Man movie Fri, track mete & go-cart racing Sat, church & brunch Sunday. Now I need Monday just to recover!
aw look at the great great grandma puppy lol ;)
Yea I was quicly reminded of that fact. So I'm still leaving town everyday lol
Jus saw a guy wearing a forever the sickest kids shirt im guna get one idk wen
Absolutely no resemblance. You would never put "synergize" and "empowerment" together.
Show at The Rock this Friday! Better see all of you out there. Hit me up at 520-256-0167 if you want a ticket delivered. -JChuck
dark chocolate walnut brownie + black coffee = delicious start to my morning
Your welcome sistaa(:
NRC is Nuclear Regulatory Commission
That is a meeting I would do anything to witness. Can so much awesome be contained in one place?
Maria and Derek nailed it!
You should come to the Chicago area. It's really nice today. 77 degrees with a nice breeze. =)
Religion comes up and you have to fucking handle everyone w/ kid gloves. What I think about your faith shouldn't matter. Who the hell am I?
#BluePeter Should Be
aw, thank you! Om do crazy about him that it's a little ridiculous. The universe has a weird sense of timing!
Don't let anyone or anything step between you and your dreams.
Babylon 5. They were carrion-eaters.
Better. But you thought Misfits was hard to understand-Shameless is worse.
Bo. I'm sorry. What's the offense? Is Traffic School in your future?
#HappyBDAYJAZZY you are the luckiest girl in the world. your big brother is an INSPIRATION to everyonee(:
You can win the lottery and buy all the things in the world, and you STILL won't be satisfied if you never discover the
Class tournament date again today? <U+2661> Loll.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ELLEN!!!! LET'S GO SAINTS!!
#AlexandriaVA new Police HQ awarded Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Gold certification.
Thank you for for RTs and kind mentions (bit delayed as i took a twitter holiday :)
Ha! Have you experienced that awk moment, too? Oof, and Just TRY not to self-analyze when it happens.
yeah you do !!!
eu guys watching the patriots game?
Our outside patio will be installed in one week!!! Who is excited?
RT - NFL Jacksonville Jaguars RB/KR Deji Karim suffered a concussion in last Thursday's preseason game against Atlan...
Steve blake was not the problem ....
If you a top notch bitch let me here u holla .. Ay ladies!! Tyga ft Travis Porter
You're welcome :)
my body gets a break frm sports in the fall. Thts my off season
We need to get some scores and details. Call me at 577-2529. Thanks.
stop cap lockin
Trying to tell you I'm the one, come and holla at me
Sunday at da park not in Houston but it's going down today in Dallas
Doing the usual Food Truck Friday today. Hope to see you there!
Happy Birthday to you :)
I wish people weren't painfully shy.
Just learned MN State Bar is having FAIR speak. Shame to see hate groups allowed to masquerade as legitimate immigration policy experts.
bantuwatch is ok & we have plans to take it to another level ..otherwise am well & started the Zambian Bloggers Network
you know it's only certain things that can help with
Thank you! I'm excited to see your new shoot! What Magazine is it being published in?
Sunburn sucks monkey balls.
Keep at it!
You really do find out who your friends are .. Hahaha
tells me SF house rabbits have important unmet needs
#OUAT ... Happy New Year and thanks !
So ... Who wants to see The Avengers while I watch it again?
that is, um, quite a lot of tobacco. I'm a little short this week.
We're serving at #NoLongerEmpty in the Bronx. Adrian Brody's here - his mother is one of the artists.
the stupid barbie and kim still winning ever one over nicki by now
bra my coach non played me #sadface #salty nd I was hooping when I got in
yo! how are ya? just finished up a movie in Dec, we should meet up sometime soon!
thanks so much for the follow! We sell a complete line of furniture and mattresses so let us know if we can help!
Come out and support the soccer griffs take on the Canadian national team
Check out this awesome new festival geared at getting great new artists seen!!
Rainy days in L.A. bring out the crazies.
RT : The cross of Jesus pardoned--and purchased--me. If He's cleansed you, He's claimed you.
Lessons are inherent in each experience if we will only listen
Big thanks & love! RT : Checking out THE PITMEN PAINTERS - love this theatre #seattle #theatre (@ ACT Theatre w/ )
Thank you, Tim! Your support of STREET FIGHTING MAN is invaluable!
What would you say are "must have" features for a social website made for the design community?
**Senior Environment Artists** Wanted – A Studio-Europe
lmao "Prove you're #BGC " hahahahaha I don't think us three ever need to prove someone might get hurt
One of our guys will be in the Firefighter Challenge tomorrow. Will you be there?
“: I need more #stuffcraigsays tweets. Make it happen.” I agree
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho turned out to be a bum
I'm learning not to put 100% faith into what someone tells you. That way when they let you down you don't feel as hurt and dissapointed!
Milan Kundera, Book of Laughter & Forgetting, for archivists' favorite axiom: struggle against power = memory vs forgetting
Feeling fat. Lawd.
sometimes I talk to my food and encourage it to do good things like fight diseases and such :)
It's the first of the month, time for.some #changes!
I play guitar and keys. It keeps me pretty busy. You should talk to all of us. We are pretty ok for the most part :)
i actually do that...today i learned i'm a fat hoe (this is kind of depressing)
Thanks Bro we just followed back
Please read this entry in my blog for an explanation of how has changed to
Apparently Chickenfoot fans are known as Foot Soldiers
CONGRATS :D <3
I was appointed to 2 ALA #NMRT committees today during my commencement. I happily accepted!
that is so tempting. I'm making it happen this fall. Can't wait any longer.
American Reunion!!!!
At the first media TO Denver enjoys an early 12-6 lead over
lol it IS gay! and i dont blame ya!
Ice bath time<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><U+26C4>
Nevermind! Myspace FAIL
Im listening to the daily countdown on and " Boyfriend " was #3. Guess who is #1? 1 Direction -_- WTF!
Going to prophet studios tomorrow thumbs all the way up
Fact I didn't know: Calder influenced by 1930 visit to Mondrian's studio, struck by Piet's use of abstract shapes & limited color palette
Huge thanks to a Wordpress genius who allowed our site to regain functionality. We look forward to posting regularly again at egginabox.com!
What's the meaning of life, the universe, and everything? 42.
We are looking for new fresh alternative programming....
Thanks for the follow. :)
So I was driving home from work and boyfriend came on. made me think of you.
Thank u Duke Energy for providing us with crap electric. 3 meters in a row on r broke. So we have no power. There goes $300 in groceries!
Theres gonna be a time in life when someone tells you that your going to spend the rest of your lifes together and then breaks up with you):
Shitttt im so nervous o.O
We could have had it all...
Looking for a better way to conduct coupon transactions and cost efficient advertising? We'd like to show you how.
Good point. We were both too cheap to get a "Razr" too. Damn those cool kids. RT Correction: I was every day of 28.
Off to get my free Earth Day coffee at Starbucks. Assuming I remember to bring my own mug.
Jim apologizing for curing in front of children.
always welcome :)
shout out! Have a great week! Be well and do good!
Taking the train up on Thurs... Unfortunately no more media availability until postgame Thurs. night..
Tonight's is a lot of fun.
nice, but what's this fat kid stuff about?
: message me and tell me how ur trip is going nd make sure you call me this weekend.
Sounds good. Will have to make it sometime this summer.
I got the last #kcsupperclub spot, FYI
Hi GV All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
- It's more to come, thank you fam <<<< #Salute!
Thanks for the follow Laura. I am sure you get this all the time but what are you doing next year?
what kind of tattoo you getting?
Spring break is a tease to summer's freedom.
so pissed right now
texting and tweeting night
All those going out tonight have fun and be safe.
Loved ” Being Flynn” going to read the book now.... Hope I like it . Anyone read.this and seen the film?
Be patient....The Heat are going to win trust me.
"I'm known for taking what I think I deserve and your overdue!" I gotta get it in lmaol jk
Got our new banner this morning, recording studio for our new originals now, MOMI gig later. One awesome unlucky day if you ask me.
im guest list so see ya there.
Please do not let the #ChickFilA guy near that boy!
Small plates=portion control & lots of food options-I love it! Down w monster size portions. Not all food is good in a doggy bag.
Much Props to the JETS!
Excited to read "Devil's Highway" after hearing Luis Alberto Urrea speak at the ICAP event. Incredible, inspiring storyteller.Tx
“: I could name a thousand reasons why I hate you, but I could name a million reasons why I love you.”
Gym, some reading and writing today. Tomorrow have an audition with an agent....;-)
Thank you for an amazing show the other night Dixon. You're so amazing!!! Who says you're not perfect?!!!
Great show guys!!! Thanks for the stick !!!!
Thanks! And congrats on the Dick Dowling exhibit. Nicely done!
RT Drinks are everywhere. Money is nowhere.
I used to like #Adele until she was played on the radio what seems EVERY other song
where is the burger from ?
She had one drink“ had a lil drink”
is anointed, appointed and so real!
my heart rate is through the roof! come on #Sixers!
Jeepers Creepers Where'd you get those Peepers!
hey...HEY! What happened to the basketball championship speculation talk? I really LOVE that shit!!!
"Looking up at the moon asking can I be in the sky and become a star"
Ah. The Fantasy People are Gathering. Enjoy!
You scared me to death! My stomach dropped, lol, Thank God you are still GF! Yikes:)
RT Being an athlete is a state of mind which is not bound by age, performance or place in the running pack. Jeff Galloway.
should be doing something I love.
RT Sean P and Rock.....doesn't get much better...I learned how to rap by listening to these dudes
It's getting hot over here on the east coast. What are some of your suggestions to stay cool?
we'll prolly be there all day
Delight yourself in the Original Tomato Pie!!! Nothing Compares - we have over 20 Exciting Pizzas for you to choose from!! Check out our me
The path to choose, Yoda would.
you should seriously get to be in one of your videos he is an AMAZING dancer .
wow impressive change of course.
Walking into classrooms shaking because you know you'll have to tell people why you're so upset <<<<
hard to believe...pun intended
Delia is so beautiful ....
see im smart i just knew it gahleeeee lls but im finna go to sleep GOOD NIGHT KKKKKEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!
Games like tonight make me want to kiss JJ Hardy on the lips and then sue myself for sexual harassment.
sorry I'm going to sleep I'm really tired see ya <3
The fire hose is on full power 8-)
Cunningham will be on in 5 mins
I really want an iPad. The only thing holding me back is transferring my pics from my camera. Suggestions?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! Best wishes today and in the many years to come.
In the office helping a young couple discover they can buy their first home & get the $8,000 tax credit. Then...it's movie night w the fam.
Very cool! I'd love to have met Victor Vroom -
Why am I so much angrier and more negative on twitter than facebook? Jeez
Who wants to play draw something username is charger_gurl
just saw this. next time.
request 4 , , and : RT In honor of our campaign’s wind down, tweet us your favorite report.
You should all be jealous I got to go to 7 hours of new music yesterday.
Much better.
nope, I just fail at being on when he's on. but I think he uses his phone to twitter anyway. so what was the twitpic of? xD
Hour 3 x
but I'd be love to hear about what you want to customize though. Might be able to add some support in the future.
Bella Can You Wish My uncle a get well wish cause he has a brain tumor and is 100 blind and please follow me
In honor of International Women's Day we have some fun facts: The two highest IQ’s ever recorded (on a standard test) both belong to women
A draft expert just bragged about a college football player's "good bloodlines." NFL = the new aristocracy?
my unpopular position is that a clinical doctorate degree should be the entry level degree in our field
Surprised #Summerfest is trending already. Can't think about it yet.. still a few months away. Sounds like some good shows.
Why are we supposed to believe anything Bobby Brown would say about *anybody's* drug use, let alone Whitney's? Freak.
I actually own a fake "Ozark river adventures" t-shirt with the slogan "You'll squeal like a pig!" LOL
RT “: hope u get well soon!”| Thanks
ll that love I gave didn't mean nothing when it came to fear
ur music has meant so much to me, it's gotten me thru my passing of my grandma.. you are truly an insperation
do you turn to jerry?
Your gorgeous!(:
thanks! And lol thats because I am <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
me too, but mine is falling apart.
I don't understand people man...
OMG!! I was just in an earthquake with in NYC!
I didn't hear any words in the song at all.
Read the blog. Interesting prospective. Thanks for sharing. Do I regret not going with? Nope. LOL
I got you so wet It's like a rainforest Like Jurassic Park Except I'm your sex-a-saurus baby
Fight the effects of gravity. The more muscle u have the more cals. u burn 24/7.
Sandwiched bag full of Purp with a pocket full of white cats
she is on my mind...
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock
There's definitely a dangerous feeling when you're in love…
Listening to Trespassing all at once is way different than in different songs. It makes it even more of a masterpiece!! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
texting someone since oomf is mad at me.:(
Thanks for the lovely birthday wishes, everyone! Even Uncle Sam had some good news for me. Much love from the Pac NW!
Now I know what "if I only had a brain " meant.....Smh..... One more hour.....
Hey and when is your wedding and where are you tying the knot?
But it sounds like this will put many things in a new context. good luck.
Check out our webpage for any of our upcoming information sessions for prospective students.
#arentyoutiredof not being able to get that stain out of your carpet? Call 586 663 0054 for a quote today!
I deleted my instagram. It got reeeaaall boring and I was tired of seeing the same pictures.
Hey, so I will be in Las Vegas Mon - Friday. What should I do!? Eat!? What!???
Getting ready to tee off in Warrensburg Schools Foundation Golf Tournament
Boston bar!!!!
even if they are closed toe?
Little girl to her friend re: chalk drawings on the sidewalk - "I've seen these before, their name is Del Vega."
RT: Many players of the Iranian soccer team wore green wristbands in Korea. Many had to remove it in the 2nd half.
“: Harry apparently admitted that he's bi in a magazine interview. :')”
I agree!! I had some last night! Haha ": Pizza always wins in my book lol : Pizza or Pasta? #Pizza is the best!"
The Region 7 AOSII panel has now begun.Panelists are reviewing app# 120001 Indianapolis Symphonic Choir.
Now I ain't sayin you a gold digga you got needs..
im like in tears right now :( but i am kinda happy for IaME
So proud that #SecClinton is heading to for a speech Monday. better be ready! cc:
Christina is in a bedazzled diaper?! Definitely a fashion crime.
" Eww Just Had An Oyster For The First Time It Was Nasty, Felt Like Cum In My Mouth So I Spit That Hoe Out :x " you like that.
Fuck you #nba you greedy sob's. I will start watching college ball. Many fans will not be loyal when you return.
Low light is same as EPIC.
anyone want to text bomb someone for me?
yep, that is!
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =) 566
Thanks! I might still try it. Who knows? Maybe person 201 gets a door prize. :)
I'm so sick it's not even funny.
Were playing a rock n roll concert saturday at the riviera. See you there.
no! Ha like John and those guys
I'm so thankful we all have this great social media platform to express all of the things we are thankful for. Damn. I'm out of characters.
Hi crackerjax! You're so sweet!
We know. We know. It's HOT. But are YOU?
This is my 200th tweet. Cheers to a twitter addiction and not studying for AP exams.
Well, technically it's not. But I don't want to look like a guttersnipe either!
I will check now....
yeah there great! Im not sure if all the band is attending the warped tour this year but i know a few of them mentioned going
I know, right? But it so sums up the atmosphere here at the moment. I expect an interesting SOTS this evening.
#RIPWhitneyHouston You will be missed.
Just bought yet another pair of shoes that will transform me into exactly the kind of whimsicle yet successful person I want to be.
Haha, that is very awkward;
Just met with 's office. A phenomenal champion of national service and Thanks for your support!
Love those Indians! #RollTribe RT : today has been NON STOP. looking forward to the tribe game tonight.
have fun in vegas!!!!!
It is long accepted by the missionaries that morality is inversely proportional to the amount of clothing people wore.
Find what makes your heart sing and create your own music
wow my true love samantha you seem like such a bright woman. So beautiful and insightful as well
RT IF YOU LOVE ALL THE BOYS AND NOT JUST HARRY. every directioners should RT this. <3 #BRING1DTOSANFRAN [;
lol I knw you are. You knw what I've been threw
if you're in NYC then come on over!! My boss man used to work for the NFL, I'm sure he won't mind :)
: Another great TO-DO would be storytelling night at PHIT! Shows at 7:30pm & 9pm just $10!
Really enjoyed your workshop today at #UWwriters Institute! Great info and really great snacks too!
As long as you do it only once, yes
yes, so the key is to make our work open access. But, we academics must also work to make this open access sustainable...
cannot wait to drop this beat i'm working on!
Just looked at your CV; so you got BA from Emory 2001. I was off doing fieldwork 1999-2000, so not around a lot. PhD in 2003.
Once Again I Can't Fuckin Sleep Smh
If I fcks with you and you live in the D and you dont have my number , You need too get it RT
lol when u kumn to dallas
Just because STDs are free doesn't mean you should take up that offer
. Now...MOVE THE CONVENTION!!!
Happy LEAP Day
Great library book discussion today on ENDER'S GAME because we now have some new sci fi converts.
My iPad got stolen today. Unlike unlike unlike
Uh oh... , if my last bastion by which I defend my own good taste is faltering, what does this mean for me?
i could
Welp I Guess It's Bout That Time , G'night :)
RT: : Evidently I'm a radical.... Who knew?? //It's the new normal for conservatives - Welcome aboard
Summit County Weather! Highway 6 Loveland Pass is closed. I70 east bound from mm 205 to the tunnel is closed.
Too late for assimilation now. Best hope is just to wait til everyone older than 40 dies
Congratulations! Never an easy thing to do, but it should be a big relief. Life out in the open is a wonderful thing! :)
Wow the finale of IT'S A BRAD BRAD WORLD was just great
I can see you. I'm right across the street. Nice Ipad. Are those tortoise shell frames?
We'll keep an eye out....
Sounds good! ttys
While it is important to be polite, "politeness" should never be your excuse for not doing something important.
If you've never incurred an injury in exercise due to improper form, then perhaps you don't need us. CG Philosophie
Ready for Washington tomorrow!
Due to some technical issues we are extending our pre order til the end of Sunday. We apologize for the inconvenience.
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo just let it go.
Nice try, Barnes & Noble. I DO want the new JK Rowling book, but I'm not paying for it till it's released ON SEPTEMBER 27.
New Costume Mardi Gras Mask – Venetian Black Velvet With Points
Hey brotha how you doing mane?
Didn't matter. Braun K's. Here come the tomahawk chants
Whose got two thumbs and a rotten attitude? That's right! This girl!!
“: Service on the Purpl Line has resumed with residual delays.” lmao "purpl"
stfu this is what I hate about you.. -.-
omg. all I've done today is read court rulings involving publishing, copyright, libraries. my head swims. GSU, Hathi, and agency (twice).
Following on Twitter is like going to Sunday School online.
Going to get back to all my fans in a few. Ima ice up first. Ill be back!
Happy Mothers Day girly!
Thanks for following us!
I think a lot of it has to start in K12. Not that we don't have work to do, but there are other fundamental issues at hand.
I did. i had a program un-follow everyone who didn't follow us back.
Dinner with (new) friends!
Off to work to get'er done
is back in LA from a nice Vegas weekend. Time to make more hits!
my plans going to restaurant of chicken brasa and bembos
Had a great show with Laurent Coq, Joe Martin and Donald Kontomanou at Sunside in Paris a few hours ago. Thanks to all who came out!
-- w00t, just saw your HARO query. Wish I had a good story....
yikes. You need to do something about that yard.
hahaha yes it do.
Bout to send the track out for the video.
www.MobilePasswordSafe.com Sign up for an account you won't regret it! I will be speed geeking this in training tomorrow.
haha "your voice is like a combination of fergie and jesus"
What kindof band? Why so frustrating ?
The worst! Hootsuite crashed and I'm terrible on Twitter without my columns and..and, I missed it. Thanks for noticing. xo
hey my friend recognized you from being at the masquerade all the time, you famous.
I'm sayin if it happened again.. I won four tickets last time and then sold the extra ones and went lol.. I wanna go tonight.
email sent luv...
Just came home to a pleasant surprise, THE NUGGETS ARE WINNING!!!!! Woohoooo!!!!
People can be SO COMPLICATED.
Does Bmore mayor think we have to import races into city for people to visit? She needs to remember our vibrant city history!
So - I see no trucks around Chinatown, and looking for a food truck lunch today. Anyone coming? :)
At the mall and saw this really hot kid!!(;
. It's telling that priority is what's "best for the program" and not fans. That biz model not sustainable long-term
Absolutely! In response to meeting this summer, we are offering a mobile web dev class starting in Jan... more to come!
We're not crazy! Sort of...
i would love it but i need to talk to my husband tonite :-)
Thank you for the mention :)
It's not safe nor healthy
the "crisis in academic publishing" parallels the "downfall of the music industry"
where are ya Ed?
Up early and Im starving somebody come take me to breakfast :)
hah! of course you won! congrats dude! SUCK IT COMPETITORS!!
#OH: 'Where's the mustard!? Seriously guys, someone may get fired for this!' :)
Wordpress.com DDoS Attacks Primarily From China, Possibly Politically Motivated
I need to move to the city asap.
Zeal without humanity is like a ship without a rudder, liable to be stranded at any moment...Owen Felltham
It appears not.
Cal Tech Pentathlon this weekend. Warmups @ 9am, Meet starts @ 10am. 50 Fly, Back, Breast, Free + 100 Individual Medley.
Thanks, Cherese! Glad you found the blog helpful. Let us know if there's anything specific you'd want us to write about.
Thanks. Just so you know it's "Not having a Chick on the side".
The kind man feeds his beast before sitting down to dinner. – Hebrew Proverb
Put God First means loving before judging... So proud of today! It's time for equality!
i should Get a plaque in my honor next to all new infrastructure projects for my help i funding such projects
i love you so much for getting me the gig on saturday. you're the best ever!!
And by "adorable," we mean badass. Obviously.
Follow Me Please!? 33
Wow looks like I missed a great game... #DerrickRose ur a beast!!
WatCh thys prinCesS make it tO tha tOp . & im serious
God damn... Evan Longoria :/
my favorite number xD
Huntsman: Greater transparency in Chinese politics today
Lol bruh i want to so bad but I'm gone stay out they business
Good morning baby loves! =).
I want to go bowling, haven't been in awhile.
And cj have yet to have our talk...
Get to the ice center for the game tonight vs. Michigan. The puck drops at midnight.
hey what's up
Some serious tumbling talent here. 2 bad my dd is not among it. Even so, her attitude shines. :)
30 for a day pass 60 for a weekend pass
You had a lot of crooks tryna steel your heart never really had luck couldn't never figure out how to love how to love ~ Lil' Wayne
Looking for great Packer fans to follow and to follow me!! I just followed many Packer fans!! So, I hope I can get some followers from that!
Student called out in describing course websites he likes during presentation to seminar on course design.
Remember when I lied about going to an A-Ha concert & said my tshirt was coming in the mail cause they ran out of my size?
exactly ;) lol no but they are hot!
Aahh. I think that's Auburn
Looks like market effect is driving factor 3: small amount=no market harm. But then 3 is redundant, gives double weight to 4!
Aside from catching 3 #largemouth, I caught a huge bullfrog to show some kids. Great day fishing. If you could only smell my musk!
yep, just type in lostken
Ugh people are so fake
Years of loving someone can turn into hating them in the blink of an eye...
hells to the yeah!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
did u see my cuz that time. Jabari.
57 in math :D
what a gorgeous setting for a booty call! Wish I could join you :) Way to get after it! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
OH MY GOD KERMIT THE FROG GOT HIT BY A CAR
Clive is Hell !
Haha tell corbin what's wrong with his bulldogs???
S/o to everyone who at church today!!
"I'm only doing this cause my mouth doesn't reach!" #thingsmyboyfriendsays (it's exactly what it sounds like, lmao)
I'm so ready for baseball.
The sunshine today put me on an instant country music kick. If only I could use the sun's energy to start this paper...
Do you have a pass for the after show?
i ain't went this hard since i was 18.
2 MORE PEOPLE PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!
Friendly Fires made me want to have a dance party in my cube today. And I don't dance.
the song is called #imfromoakland ill email u the song if u want
Working on the Bulletin Board for 5th/6th grade Dance Class. The theme is 'It takes an athlete to dance, but an artist to be a dancer.'
Getting my relaxer. Thank GOD I haven't had any caffeine! I don't feel like burnin'
aww she twisted her ankle aha
like always but me to
Back Trax bailed me out again!
aw thanks lex!!!!! I would love to hang out with you this summer!!!!!! :)
word of the day: Gesamtkunstwerk
Wind blowing today doesn't seem to care how fat I am - it's trying to knock me over anyway.
John legend just finished his set with "green light". james brown & ojays tunes were n the set. Fabulous!
Or we could talk morphemes. I probably remember 5% of what elson taught me in his linguistics course. Let's throw down.
2.0 web tools for 21st teacher about to start, ready for a little more sunshine,
Great photo!
New Tweet Peeps! Thanks for following...,@ Theboxabq, , ,
Bro text me if u need uh vent #realniggawassup RT“: Times like this, I feel worth less than dirt.”
I thought you'd be one of those spammers.. I'm flattered.
RT : If you can dodge a wrench you can dodge a ball!
That Was My Guess :(
Tweet me(:
See how #semantic #networks #screw in and out of networks of persons over time. across 60+ global automotive component manufacturing plants
Obama loves talking about drawing lines in the sand. Hey Bama, would be nice to see you pick a side in that sandbox once in a while.
Wait this is the wrong picture! -_____-
Thanks buddy! (aka: "Rookie of the Year" which is officially you're new nickname when you return to work! ;-)
congratulations.....I loved your role on "the help" and god bless you
Is Kobe Bryant named after beef?
Agreed, innovation is in early play. Empowering kids to identify THEY have the ability to innovate & create
Finally! “: Quick shout-out to my sister and brother-in-law who have joined the twitterverse!”
Can't find nothin to do guess I get high sum mo if I can't do nothin I can do that
Sketchers in general are wack ahahaha. 'Cept the light up shoes from when we were little!
Instead of just staying Save $25 with a promotional code provided by me, incorporate a personal message
I would've still been in bed right now...
Sad when you have to say happy mothers day to a 16 year old
Happy Mothers Day to your mother. She raised 2 amazing children. <U+E32B>
mayonnaise also can help remove water marks on wood. Crazy but it worked for me!
My last day in my 30'S!! Starting out with a shoot, then 2 auditions, then the dayjob, then time w/My Boo!!
#thatcamposu Havent yet touched on (manipulating) emotion in tech advertising...
is that really a question. No Manning=no viewers
Ill never be perfect ; but I'm worth it ...
lol "do I need to smack u in yo face to make u wake up"
Anyone heading to this year's DEFCON conference in LV?
regardless if they won or lost last night, as coach I'd want guys off Twitter.Never said it was a/b focus though..
New Name:)
good strategy....
im down for sure brotha, im doing vocals tomorrow and saturday so as long as im not COMPLETELY drunk for the sessions im good
the galleria is closed for remodel. I have my 3rd genius bar appt at the Americana today. I'm less than thrilled.
And maybe they don't like beer. But those helmet ice creams were legit.
Can't believe I'm missing the fight.
Thanks for sharing!
I don't mind a cleaning, but this tiara I can do without.
thank you for the Mother's day wishes!! Hope you had a good one as well! xo
i am now following! I'm also at and loving Paul Oakenfold's set!
Making my list of New Year's Resolutions today....This is going to be interesting.... :)
Thanks for the mention! Have a great weekend!
Yet, there are few cities and states that will grant identification cards and driver's licenses to illegal immigrants
Does anyone at #tek11 have any experience with ACORD insurance standards? If so, would love to meet you!
Any non-profit/charity organization that would like to participate in fEASTival 2012 please email us! We have a few booth spaces available!
like how the next two gigs both have buffets of food. First taco bar in Whitehouse, then peeg roast in Pataskala!
Working all night, all night, no recess
Wishing you sunshine, smiles and lots of energy today.
I'm really trying to understand why Facebook labels all Actors as Directors... Let's just throw that title around.
Thank you!
can the 76ers get one win? will korver go for 40??
it is the first time I have (digitally or otherwise) seen anything other than optimistic Briney. (You actually are like us!)
is asking advice @ going to Hawaii. Going on business trip to Oahu. Should I go to another island? what things should I definitely do?
lol, in real life, I definitely did lol
You on Semester at Sea? Enjoy!
cool bro...cool.
Exhausted busy day! What's everyone up to this evening? What's ur favorite song?!
Lot's of clients picking up product today, so shorts were in order. No Daisy Dukes though. Happy Labor Day weekend everyone!
BEST ALL TIME DEATH, DON MURDERS TOM CUZINS CAREER!
next time!!
New song called Thats Swagg is gon to really put things in proper prospective. We Do This Mixtape comin soon
C-A-P-S caps caps caps! RT Action is underway here at the Wells Fargo Center. Caps rookies vs. Flyers rookies
Come check out whats happening at Solis Energy! www.SolisEnergy.com! Power solutions for a better tomorrow!!
well welcome back =) no more vacations for you until I get one
I hope you get this, I am coming to get you now.
I hear ya—but even the leg can’t distract from the nearly skeletal arms that seem out of proportion to her shoulders…
How is it?
Cayenne pepper supplements are nothin' to play with! Eat a full meal with this supplement.
We have a huge selection of different watch colors. Check out our website or DM us if u need some help finding a watch
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave.
lol that's my favorite song to.. :-)
lol Best quote of the night RT @ KristenBowie "Someones listening to me! Now I know how a radio feels!" -grandpa
Wow some of the art just showed up for the Pop Up Shop!! Amazing! Can't wait for tomorrow!
Just came across some dialogue from the movie "Alien": Parker: “I can’t open the milk!” Ripley: “In space, no-one can. Here, use cream.”
Hey, if you've got actors begging you for jobs, please allow me to point out that I make a damn fine hobo on Tuesdays...
When would that game take place?
beautiful! especially track 4, "skipping"
are you getting excited?
Hows the quality of your healthcare provider data?
Iesha talked about how she works all day long and hardly saw her son. He asked why he can't see her. Things better now but still stressed.
Geez it's like summer here in #abq today I almost want to go work outside in the yard.
"A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind". ~ Albert Szent-Gyorgyi ~
Forgot my planner at home today and I'm feeling so lost!
A friend just beat the Wing Dome No 7 Challenge. Crazy insane. He's feeling it now.
i don't get the point of auto tune. if a person can't sing, let them be, don't auto tune them. Just get singing lessons instead.
Hooray you!!!
I just need one tweet from I would pay for a meet and greet with him idc how much I would save up bhaah
It's weird yet amazing how the person you're going to marry is walking the earth right now.
Love how my Senior Spotlight looks nothing like how I submitted it smh
I spent $154 on junk food smh. I didn't get anything 4 Dinner but the boys will B happy
To envision information is to work at the intersection of image, word, number, and art.
"hoodie" hooded sweatshirt looked to be "up to no good." if I had a nickel everytime...
Yea I stopped at Walmart for some cheddar and sour cream chips.... so what?
Awesome! Would love to keep hearing about what you're experiencing - keep me posted :)
Haiti bound one month from today! Let the countdown begin!
Agh yeah. Lol I'm tryna look for old movies I have though. Cause I wanna watch, A Walk To Remember. :(
hope your windows were closed!
Have fun!!!
Just registered for #SPJ10. Woohoo, Vegas!
"Hey hey! Ho Ho! Exception in thread 'main' java.lang.RuntimeException: java.lang.NullPointerException!"
sure it wasn't. And not really. Someone that talks about sex and weed and tells a girl to fuck off isnt someone i want u with
Time for a reunion tour?
my pleasure!
I need that girl
I'm proud of the NFL...balancing the budget by turning out the lights each quarter on Monday Night Football.
Have standard visitation? This weekend will be the 5th weekend of the month. Enjoy your time with your kids.
How long does it take until my points transfer after payment? :)
I feel as if all my dresses from last summer were shortened at least 5 in during winter.
Prometheus needs to hurry up and come out now
Mitt should've said: regret the incident, wish bullying hadnt been tolerated in my era, take the issue seriously, more awareness needed.
ha and necessity.
Starting off Saturday with dabs of Master Kush Wax. Irie!!!
D-Wade is going off
We thank and honor all those who have sacrificed for our freedom. We will always be grateful.
I miss too! And thank you!!
Thank you! Hope it's a great Friday!
Sang for our supper last night at ABQ Sprout. And . . . we're still hungry. Made some new friends, though!
“The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience...
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its intrinsic limits and challenges
Nothing fancy. Mostly t-shirts, maybe the odd mouse pad.
maybe not enough people bought the old code excuse :-)
is the same as boomerang for gmail ... if so, they are *very* inactive.
everytime i seen you smile i scream and my mom was like calm down!But I'm Your Biggest Fan Austin I Would Love To Be Followed
scruffy late-20s-ish motorcycle rider tutoring kid in geometry in cohi. love.
South Asian culture dominates, ghosts and ghoulies, dimension within a dimension a fab book "Velvet Pavilions"
#ThankYouFather bc even when i can't see it, you are at work! You are so #faithful and #almighty. You know my heart, you know my needs.
The Hulk killed it...
baby you save me
RT : My man! - you killed is sir!!! So proud of you! Looking forward to what can happen! Blessings, brother
Ugh so bored.
This is like playing against a highlight reel
Simple pleasures, good people. We deal with enough madness every day. Enjoy those small things that make you smile
yep it's the fitbit. Highly recommended if you want to be more active or just like to analyze personal data.
that's alright then! Still annoys me though :(
Succeeding as a very experienced and great Actress, good health & financial security for both my daughter and I. Happiness 4 both
30 Minutes and bromigo hits tap
How Can Someone Gone Rob a Pastor? You Know Karma Cooking Something Up for Them!!!!!
playing on my blastoff gamepage
The are legit folks...where's the brooms?
So glad you are on Twitter! You might want to follow for marketing tips.
nope, but imma have to check it out
The Circle of Sorcerers is off to editing today.
haha no...all natural. South Park is funny
Talk shit, get hit <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
This Day in Blues History: Nov 13, 1946, Four Vagabonds recorded "Do You Know What It Means To Miss New Orleans" for Apollo Records
i wanna take a nap
#idol - Phillip gave a unique spin on his song. The funky vibe and slow groove was very cool.
I so miee talking to late at night. )":
is coming out with a new single...are you ready for it?
Happy New Year :)
Ah fuck. This gas station doesn't sell spirits.
In Minnesota A bill amendment that will expand gambling and increase purses 40% @ Canterbury Park has passed the Daily Racing Form reported.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL!!
Avoiding social media isn't a newsworthy "social experiment".
Thanks D
great to see you last night duder!
Philly with the sprite spark award..
Yep yep!!! Check my TL
Laughing at dumb laffy taffy jokes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Tomorrow day 3 of construction <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Boy meets world is such a classic sitcom.
If the boss doesn't open a new one, & Paul doesn't want it, sure! And if Paul does want it I'LL POST A LINK. I promise!
everything is funny with a dirty mind
RT if you get the Directv app, you can set your DVR from your phone.
Would you look at that... I have 420 followers... insert obligatory pot joke here...
Gym was intense!
Btw, you played that perfectly, and I'm pissed for missing it. Nice.
The key to unlocking your team's true power is the embracing of its diversity. www.mikehensley.org
WHERE HAS GRILLED CHEESE MONTH GONE
Pussy run everything fuck that noise!
Tracked down for lunch, then headed to preso on "Networked Individuals." Does food truck tracking = networking?
thanks...I will!
I think too much.
Wanna be a thug on a computer but a punk in real life
hahah found it!!! THANKS!!!
LHR -> SFO. Take off in a few minutes.
Haven't felt this great in months
1135? I think
Twitter is like a sketch book
Have you ever looked at someone and became immediately happy? Even pictures.
Mister Steve :) And how have u been? RT : Desiiiiiiiii!!!!! My pint size of fun!!!! Lmao
would you rather have a magical unicorn that can fly or fairy odd parents?
Yesssiirr RT Bar Hopping in Milwaukee w/ & Downtown
im always in Room Service.
and the bitterness begins!!
neither producing nor under active exploration and development by companies who hold those leases."
Maybe you and the Gazans need to stop support Hamas murderors!
hi! My boyfriends bday today, so I'm super happy! How are you? :)
of course ill be rooting for the terps, while i am slinging beers in the infield.
Oh god, hahaha. Josh recorded everything...I'm sure there are hrs upon hrs of embarrassing shit. I can only imagine! :)
I was wondering how we became an entire generation of alcoholics, but I suppose, like with most things, the parents are to blame.
After the great scoring update drought of 2012, we come out alive and well in 59th place.
that's so last year #GetOnMyLevel <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
i can remember being so happy when you got verified on twitter... honestly i was jumping around. #randomtweet <3
ok me and my ex are talking about getting back together and we argue but not all the time. should we get back together? or no
i was crying on the way 2 my next class
i heard feels likee crap? & that whole thing about him saying he's guna delete his twitter bc of beliebers? Hmm, is this true?
I Sware sometime I just ruin my own nights
nothing man i fucked it all up lol.
I luv u Kesha!!!! Tamie needs meds plain and simple what she did was wrong and classless
My leftovers taste like dishwasher soap.
Thanks for the amazing tacos tonight. After much thought I have to say the cerdo en mole was my fav. Rajas close 2nd.
Bruised bananas are gross as fuck, although i try not to judge my bananas based on peel color
Ok that negative pink line was beautiful depo not gonna catch a case
shut up!!you're so pretty and soo sweet.guys are just stupid and looking for some easy p**** you'll find Mr.right,i promise.!
lol at the name "let's get ratchet"
Yea. I love that show too. But it's gonna be cray without everyone. I think Yandy is the only one left.
Happy #digitalarchivesday everyone! I'll be celebrating at the Archivists of Central Texas Digitization Roundtable this evening.
i am uploading the shoutout video that u r in i am sick so i am forgetting a bunch of people or its just memery
British accents ;D haha
I hope jamming w the wootens was awesome! Come on out to DHP!
I think tea tree oil is very over used. It is a very powerful oil and should be diluted
Merry Christmas Lady!! xoxo
March Madness continues at The BrewWorks. Come in to watchThe Final Four at our new main floor bar!
were gonna party with you while that song plays on repeat in the background someday. Lol
It's not that I don't want to lose weight...
It was at that point when I said, "Paige, I did this," and pointed to what used to be a greyhound in a glass, now spilled on the table.
justice means to my solving the crime and making the person who committed the crime pay for what they have done.
It was red and white striped tights and some candy pasties
Have you participated in the Pew study abt ebooks? Do it and encourage staff to, too.
Heading to the University of Illinois for the Summer Institute on Data Curation dark and early Sunday morning.
Dusting off the glad-rags for #gdc. Catch Steve Collins ( ) on Friday 10:00-10:25 Room 2022, West Hall, 2nd Fl (A|B testing)
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
The crisis of yesterday is the joke of tomorrow
#kids Celebrate Mom Over a Bountiful Buffet Brunch at Bailey's Prime Plus at Bailey's Prime Plus / Park Lane, Sun, May 13 11:00a: Make...
Happy Birthday Bob Marley! #legend #reggae <3
Next up: Speaking NAKED:Stripping away the barriers of effective public speaking. No, I will not get naked...
You only live once so just go fuckin nuts.
#strengthinnumbers RT Glad to read more #gradschoolproblems and see that others share my (lack of) spring break pain.
Thanks for all the #FF!
oooooohhh! muy sexy! that bright blue looks really good on you! Now i must check out stuff! :-)
Fitchburg, shockingly. It was totally not on our radar when we first started looking. Glad the process is over though. Whew.
Wow. 10 of 14 UK basketball players, during the semester of their national title run, had a 3.0 GPA or better.
Fight for all DC!
. case study of a coffeehouse that bans laptops due to the "air of isolation"
thank you for the RT!
One hour until my webinar presentation "Developing a Strategic Learning Plan". Current attendee count = 65.
Its kinda nice out
CRAPPY TIE
two-faced people...smh. just pick one and stick to it!
Haha, okay?! I'm sorry, you took me off guard there haha :)
Laying off 100,000's of teachers is an example of Bad Policy-local, state and federal
#obama #fu = #factupdate The only thing profane is imposed restrictions on energy production and consumption.
Golf Oscar Foxtrot Uniform Charlie Kilo Yankee Oscar Uniform Romeo Sierra Echo Lima Foxtrot
Aunt Linda's on Twitter!!! We always knew she was the coolest Aunt.
laughing so hard cause of your tweets lol so friking funny I mean litterraly the illegal was funny and the dad one and theothe
Hey, I have to go, so I just wanted to tell you to have a great day :)
Use proposal systems to leverage RFPs for more strategic value added offering for prospective clients Bob Robertson
:) That is very kind Dianne! :)
the pleasure is all mine, nothing like a Jesuit education!!
when you take all you're parents ciggaretes flush them all down the toilet cuz its annoying af of how much they smoke . LOLOL : D
I use exclamation points far too much...and my V8 is missing from the work refrigerator.
Safe travels to Ghana have the time of your life!!!
Hello Merry thanks for the follow.
I'll be in Seattle from today until Sunday and I'm happy to meet with you and get your order started!
he really is<3:)
Looking for help planning your corporate holiday party? Let our Catering Department assist you with the food!...
Nope, shouldn't have ate. Feeling sicky! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Gorge should be a lot of fun, Vegas too!
I'd rather go to the Dentist than return something to the store
love the idea! will defin let u know next time we're up there #yummycowboys :)))
I may not have the key to success, but I know how to pick the lock.
Live update from at the Rose Garden in mere moments on KGW Newschannel 8.
as much as i hate dubstep it would still be cool to see skrillex live and dance and shit.
You're right. Should really make a habit of looking at the headers.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NATHAN!!! I HOPE ALL YOUR WISHES AND DREAMS COME TRUE!!<U+2764>
RT "Pasta is like a dance floor for all the other flavors."
Yes I got that and that's great, what about the demo? Promising?
I love you more! Ready to see you my love!
Let's go yanks!!!
#SCtop10 Gotta have Rudy Fernandez tip in to beat the 3rd quarter clock!!!
RT : Been watching you big man keep up the great work.
The gnome is watching me: 1st time visit to g4tv.com, Travelocity ad features 1 of my watch routes, i.e. "low fares from Mpls to Baltimore"
Thanks babes. RT Sending birthday love out to enjoy your day honey!!!!
A BIG #FF 2my new followers
When u go thru a storm, u will found out who ur real family & friends are!
Woodstock, 40 yrs... Am I really that old?
Santorum had great momentum w/less. Message was just getting out. Ppl r slow to wake up. Sad
These communities are learning communities and a knowledge repositories. Gee
Are you gonna kiss me or what?
HEY! :D My faces! :D Those look pretty good, lady!
Thanks, Kristin! Hope we can connect soon!
Yea this weekend is going to be awesome!
I made my own
yea public transport sucks :). Get a limo and a driver :-D
Went to a screening last night of Think Like a Man this movie is the real truth. Funny. Kevin Hart is the man.
holy cow, that hotel looks amazing.
can I be picky and only invite my favorite burgers?
It's only March and I am thinking of Halloween already. I want to be Hatsune Miku so bad RIGHT NOW!!!!
you stole the whole sat night man! Congrats!
oh god, teen mom and facing trauma start now, but the #SOTU isn't done... eek... am i a bad american if i change the channel...
HP in the news: when in doubt, reorganize. Amazing how many execs avoid solving problems by shuffling the deck chairs.
If you turn the music up loud enough, you can't hear your thoughts. I promise. Go on - try it.
I have a feeling they won't have Justin on until then end. They save the best for last right? Lol im going to bed.
okk how the hell do you already get out in a few days?! counting weekends i still have 2 weeks ):
actually I really would like to go to Boston again soon!
Why is accusing me of stealing the agency cookies? Guy's known me for what, 2 days?
haha yeah I kinda don't wanna get out of it ever - love it!!
i love seeing your purty face at work ;)
Two weeks from today and I will be reenacting House Hunters in my quest for an apartment.
If there was some way to measure a cities redneck population as a percentage of the total, Orlando would be tough to beat
RT : Q2: What are some pre-race/run quirky superstitious things you do?
Given the competition, this has got to be the worst start of Strasburg's young career.
wait until the games are on, Twitter will clear
you will have people for that.
i mean that feeling customer pain directly is a good thing, but hard
i am available
Haha RT Well, you do have dawg-blood in you. Cheers! :-D
bored. listenin to music.
"Cricket does not emphasize themes of dystopian violence, domestic disturbances, drugs and sexuality, or the pointlessness of existence."
For #Fremont how about Fremont Coffee Co. and Silence, Heart, Nest?
I choose to have a random conversation with...
lol I'll try next time
Veré un video dkjashjdkas wait ... *o*
"Happy Birthday" to the best Creative Director ever, Beth at and ! Yippee!
Cleaning the room while my Hubby cleans our fish tank. :)
Having a blast with myself
Bennett says she does not so much critique "O" as find it aesthetically displeasing and retro: a kind of neo-1970s ecothought
Live your life, take chances, be crazy. Don't wait cause right now is the oldest you've ever been & the youngest you'll be ever again.
It's taking everything in me not to make the first move
can't wait til summer hols
still no phone but now no ipod...
Thanks for the #FF RT Skip. Have a lucky and prosperous weekend
IM BY MYSELF! and besides, I'm jammin to Justin's and far east movements new song, so.
Spring break now please?
Hey babes, can u bring some milk home for the kids and im gettin a iphone!:)
that ducks
Thank you, Molly!
Hope your enjoying your South Beach work trip! they are killing me slowly
sure is! What city are you in?
“: More den ready to b bck home” you shudda just left out all vowels all together fam
Expressing my thoughts lol ha
I swear I can't light my blunt until I find something good on TV..
and then some big huge thunderstorm
thank you! You're looking great lady!
Tigerheat with my best friends, sister, and cousin is going to get cray cray.
Just like game 1 game 2 will come down to the goal tending.
not embrace ....
I'm recovering from a bunch of stuff! And I've missed seeing you - and lots of folks! Slowly getting back into it.
Thanks so much! :)) <33
Its another sunny, pretty day in Omaha.
Wow - that's embarrassing. Tools!
#2 in cincinnati 252 nationally 348 globally everyone go to reverbnation look up enasni and see what all the hype is about
I hope Peyton goes to the Broncos so Tebow can go home to Jacksonville where he belongs
I love things about him, I love the way he treat me, I love the way he fxck me, but I don't love him.
Kind of true. Sad. RT : I hope everyone is ready for the shameless #DadBashing in all the #MothersDay commercials.
you never did it lol
#Stpattysday specials: $7.95 corn beef taco plate, $7.95 Corn beef hash and eggs, and $2.50 corn beef tacos! #yum!
Just checking on you sis :)
RT : Qwrap. Time is almost up. Please reintroduce yourself. Share links, requests or shameless plugs.
i think i drank 12 gallons of water today but I'm still not hydrated. ugh.
No!!!!! Just maintain layers and layers of quasi backwards compatibility. It worked for Windows...wait, nevermind.
GOOD MORNING <3 off to school. Have a great day everyone (: -Ritchelle<3
Tell Moms, And Jr's Mom We Said Happy Mothers Day. Love Ya'll Fam.
did the D8 codebase start as a copy of D7, or is it a fresh codebase with just a couple of new files?
It is so incredibly strange to watch 'Night of the Living Dead' in color. It almost feels sacrilegious.
80 percent of your achievements come from 20 percent of your efforts. Imagine the results in focused all your efforts on the 20 percent?
Ramen nirvana RT : Had fantastic meal w/ & : dumplings, shrimp chips, ramen...
Yes, Oscars celebrate all the movies us "normal folk" don't ever want to see!
Loved 's song teenage dream on Glee tonight! Now I want to be a gay boy in glee club at an all boys school! If only...
so watcha doing
ATTENTION!!! "LIKE" us on Facebook and be entered into our drawing for an iPAD2!!! Drawing will be announced on here in 72 hours! For real!
They have room for two max deals. Who's going with him? RT I'm convinced Lebron James will play for Chicago next year
Unlearn: "it's mine, not yours." IT'S OURS.
Wow I feel like crap and I can't sleep yet. :( fun.
Random photo fact: The owner of Kodak (George Eastman) named his company after the sound the he thought the camera shutter made
yeah, I'm really starting to question Google's practices. I'm definitely switching from my Android phone as soon as I can.
What about audiences who use social media only to complain about your institution? How to handle?
Today's broadcast has been cancelled because the severe winter storm has affected our server in Canada, show will resume next week...
premium tequila advertised on DirectTV Grizz broadcast. Maybe will help me enjoy the game more RT hornitos?
I don't like NASCAR but Travis is going to tear it up
So get out get out get outta my head. & Fall in my arms instead <U+2665>
I hate cigarettes wit a passion but have nothing against smokers
I'm extremely giddy right now. If my hunch is correct I'll be even more giddy. Only time will tell lol
but im not in it for tht:) ik u dont like tlking about it:)
Heading home! Free wifi at 34,000 feet! Thank You SouthWest!
I did that in my lunch break lmao
RT : We're working on the room temp, #modevux friends - THANKS!! Crazy cold in here
But deep down, you know what you really wanted was RT Thanks for turning me on to !
RT : "Gossip is the opiate of the oppressed." ~ Erica Jong #quote #SQN°
it's pancake day!
#iwish and would come to Orlando or Miami FL area for a concert...gotta find a hot venue spot for these guys..
Night night<U+E403><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C>
Just finished Rainbows End by Vernor Vinge. Go buy it now; it's fantastic.
it's incomprehensible to fuck nigkaz not lame.
Just mailed complementary tickets to the San Diego for you to distribute among those who are in need! Thanks Tiffany! B-
I wanna fuck something
he's too old. Now ironman, he can get it. and captain America too lol
#NewYearsEve tomorrow! Who's ready??? Holiday inn #Akron west better be!!!
#BostonCeltics Avery Bradley would be the perfect addition to USA Basketball's OLY team training squad ... Learn, then play in 2014 and 2016
I like the picture with zack and the beer. haha .
Looking for some thrash metal... disappointed as always! I hold josh responsible!
Pray for Ohio Yearly Meeting today as we gather to do discernment around our shared understanding of human sexuality.
Next pitch from student - how to display ads based on GPS.
Sitting at the McDonalds in the hospital realizing that I would JUST be waking up at this time
Our party is having a little bit of everything. Most excited to try the PB & Jellousy! RT : What are you having?
Why did the mushroom go to the party ? Because he was a fungai -
Thank you!
awww boo. What english and math are you in now?
The crowd is waiting for you, Mr. Draper
Watching a story about two 20-something journalists who took down a crooked sheriff. Very inspiring.
We know Hill average double double for the #Arizona Wildcats lol
thanks for RT! Also: will the conference have a hashtag? Very sad I can't attend this year, would love to follow along.
Oh wtf just happened! Win to a draw to a lose.
Why do you want to eat when you could be sleeping?
I'd like to go to the theatre more often, if only to wear all black attire and strut in Downtown Houston.
Just got a new dog yesterday
Looking for a good burger in #Buenos Aires? Went to last night, it was fantastic!
Are you a librarian 1st & then employee? If so you are responsible for following prof ethics!
his bad!
Students, there's still time today to vote for those #USFPoly Student Life pics - right at the entrance, look for the easel. Don't be shy!
Mediclim has just issued our 5 million'th #weather #health #alert. 74% of our members claim that we help them better manage their health.
BABY BIRDS!!!!!
path is fantastic, and you can use it to post to twitter/Facebook for More public updates. It's my default twitter client!
Found the fountain of youth
I slept alright. still tired :c hahaha how about you? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
You cannot beat Lindt chocolate
dude I wanted that earlier today ! Tomorrow we shall goto the mall ! And you mom can finally meet April :)
What can we say? We all do crazy things in support of our boys in blue!
We could facetime while we facepho...
If you're the CEO of a company, seems like you should spell the company correctly on your LinkedIn profile. Just a thought.
Hahaha He claims he's not gay. When he says he's gay, he means happy -_-. You should see what he said about Kayne on twitter.
is saddened about the death of Scotty, a 3 year old elephant at the
2/4 finals finished with the hardest one done today, dorm room pack-rat mode engage!!
#spsphilly? I thought we were headed to a t-bar. You're gonna need a better navigator.
Good Morning Clark Wilson Builders - Wishing YOU a Marvelous Monday!
The P.
How's everyone's weekend??! It's a cold one in #PDX, but at least it's almost summer! Remember, staying healthy now prevents sickness later!
To xmas gfx event participants, sorry for the delay on the event results, it'll be announced soon!
Donnie! You know it son!
Im not arguing. Im simply explaining why im right .
Looks like this rockstar is going back to work!!! I got the job!!!
Looking for new people to follow that aren't all talking about the same stuff. Suggestions?
RT : Whitney Houston was the first female artist to have two diamond albums.
Countdown to RokkinCat "Hack & Tell" - approximately 3 hours!
May the fourth be with you!
have a wonderful day
Damn I dream about some weird stuff.
Great night with Mema and Grump.... Enjoy every moment. Sometimes you just can't get them back.
OMG, me too right now, i need to stretch more. RT : dear lower back, what did i ever do you to you to cause me so much pain?
Passion rules
Last night was fun. I got a black twink. Wonder what round 2 of my birthday weekend will bring me.
On no sleep @ Sam's for Black Friday & have to be @ work by 7:30. The things I do to myself to save a buck. lol
but the real question...is it good so far, based on those five pages?
The #KentuckyDerby is almost here! Don your best derby hat this Sat. btwn 5:30p & 6:30p for a chance to win a prize pack!
This apple>>>>>
No big deal Wednesday night is just the biggest Bruins game of my lifetime.
I'm bored as hell. I need ah laugh!!!
Where is the foul? Ridiculous
2.75x speed on Hypercritical w/ is like seeing how long you can hold on to one of those mechanical bulls @ a rodeo
RT : You'll never achieve real success unless you like what you're doing
FAB5 IS DOING IT BIG TONITE AT CLUB VICE IN ATLANTA GA... MAN MY BOY ROMEO GOT THURSDAY NITEZ ON LOCK SON!!!
Glad to be at VU
Creamery it is
My dad joined Twitter! Please say hi to
Kids in bed, but not asleep. Keep your fingers crossed
needs to take me to see 'What To Expect When You're Expecting'
Sometimes #sex is Better then #love. You can do it without loving one another so it prevents #heartbreaks nd #games from happening
TONIGHT ELEGANCE LADIES FREE TILL 11 $2 DRINKS TILL 12 ( TOP SELF INCLUDED) HOSTED BY DJ ROK & 21+ SECURITY IS TIGHT
bring back facebook page! Hes not an imposter of himself!
C+S client news: SCS Engineers has been ranked #1 in solid waste for the sixth time by www.SCSEngineers.com
lets all come together and visit this web siteWWW.COALITIONTOSAVEAMERICA.COM
Betty White's show is awesome.
could you please move to the United States? Also I seriously think you should consider sponsoring a #lumberjack athlete...
I believe ketchup is the insult to the chef, but either way I'm the chef so I welcome ketchup or A1 :D
so late!
Off to the store shopping for another era themed dinner party tonight. Can't wait to see what I come up with.
Lol Guess TheGeneral will be In Miami For your BDay "Honey Comb Hideout"
RT : Early Bird deadline for saving $$ off of the registration fee is tomorrow. Seats are filling up.
haha i got scared nice prank JBieber!!!!
"I hate children but love pornography."
Thanks for the follow :D
i had a dream that shook my hand and said what up dude then i woke up.
Off to bed to rest up for another busy day tomorrow :-)
So, i think my computer is going to crash because i voted for you so many times..
The #Rays beat the #Mariners 4-3. 6th straight loss.
don't keep me in suspense, solution is?
Vinyl is like eating toast. Cds are like soggy bread.
When people read my message; but don't text back. Hmph.
So tired :b
When this song gets older, it will be better. We will remember. Just like a wavin' flag.
so i texted you ? :)
Happy New Year from the Miami Carnival family! See everyone in October!!!
Just like old times.
Happy Hump Day !!
See ya soon! RT I am up & at em on a Saturday! 1st stop... Starbucks! 2nd stop.... Zumba-Thon at
Love the show watch it everyday with my grandson. Best show ever
There's no crying in the mourning.
Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failu
Day 1: It feels great to have a goal! "I will take steps everyday in April towards getting a job in #Austin" This will bring me happiness.
Wait, how is one a single married mom? And here I go again! Lol
omg mona I was doing that binaural audio thing like at 2 in the morning and I was tripping out rofl
Damn, bro! I will be downloading your music tomorrow!! It's amazing! Follow back? :D
Please attend the Wemedia Conf. I'll be pitching my idea.
I almost can't watch basketball anymore... So many foul calls. Anticipation calls.
Bumping this all day
Just saw a homeless man urinating on the street. Let's just say I'm experiencing a roller coaster of emotions.
woohoo! I've missed it & I know my friends and family gave missed it too! Having a gf menu attracts gluten eaters too!!!
when it happened a single tear fell from my eye
for the follow! Happy weekend!! :)
6 more months :)
...but you cant really hide it if your brown. :/
"Advances are made by answering questions. Discoveries are made by questioning answers." -- Bernhard Haisch, astrophysicist
3m: Line out USA
If you wan't it badd enough, you'll get it!
Oh no! What happedned?
let me find out....
if you quit it will be slave labor
RT : Chun: Networks allows us to imagine the unimaginable
What irony, because you're gay, but you still ruined my life.
Had a boring evening
Seems like it'd be a smart thing to include.
never watch the video. My guy, on the other hand always does and buys everything online
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 66
<U+266B> Listening to 'Get Here' from 'Oleta Adams' <U+266B>
errm.. kay? i loled at you crying for likes.
Yes! Gr8 seeing u again, Amy :-) RT : Extraordinary networking and learning taking place at
#QuitActing like a jerk!
happy birthday my handsome prince <U+2665>
I've out grown a lot of people in my life. It's really pathetic, because they're all older than me. Some people will never grow up.
Ch-ch-changes... RT Valencia optioned. Mastoianni up. Walters starting sat. Liriano to pen.
those will be our next hires
2 #CoreFusion #Barre classes for you folks in the morning, don't get too tipsy so you can make it to your mat!
Equipment insurance? We check all the top-rated companies to find the right plan and price for you. Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
Woke up 2 pleasant aroma of #BiereDeGarde #homebrew...til I realized a bottle burst & its contents were seeping into my carpet.
There isn't enough food or water for me these days. 27 days of Bikram. Just housed my lunch and I am still hungry and all smiles. <U+2764> Bikram!
When people say the Caps, do they mean Vancouver Whitecaps or Washington Capitals? I can't think outside of NHL.
Huh. Are they not making enough ad revenue from the Droid platform?
Nope, sadly. We are interviewing candidates this morning for openings in our office so I have to be here. Have a good time!
Thanks for joining our Super bowl/Knitting party! Glad to have you with us!
What? Is that monthly installments?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
I wanna cook some home made lasagna today!
Good NBA 2k session off to the gym to get it in
resist the temptation! #latenightdecisions or don't and order chocolate chip pancakes for me!
Trying to do homework but my fucking computer wont work
if you are a fan of Jaime Hayon don't miss his collection for Se London tinyurl.com/6y7caed
how's Hollywood treatin ya?
OMG LIAM IS GETTING OVER HIS FEAR OF SPOONS........
is selling a registration to Do DM me if you are interested.
It's in the middle of nowhere. The closest thing is a wal-mart and thats where the townies go!
cool you love to ride dirtbikes
My grandma talking about get that just in case Chayce wanna spend the night & watch the baby. Chayce watching who baby? Not mine. lol
cool, hit me up
What are your Valentine's Day plans? :O
Sorry to hear you're stressed. Time away from work will probably help...
Fox, Abs & Combs:D
life is cruel sometimes.
Things you find out after you get married: My wife carries road cheese in her purse, and she is not ashamed of it.
ok i really like dead by april
Everybody who followed me please follow please she is new :)
Here at SNACK, we are working on getting ready for the Holidays. We'd love to hear the special plans you may have for you & your kids!
Carlos Cardoba sentenced & HIJOle the Judge was nice. Maybe I will be REAL nice to everyone from now on! Ric Armendarez no more hacking.
Andrew Ross now speaking on student debt
I hate being bored but my bro is next to me
If you believe launching a mobile app is in your future but you know it's not in your budget give us a call. Launch and Android app in a 3r…
will it only show in canada?
shyt! I woulda did more than that! Lol! They already keep sayin he a swinger n shyt
Physicians Rejuvenation Center of Washington, DC has joined the Diversity Platinum Family of Affiliates! Welcome! www.prcindc.com
Thanks. RT : congrats! :)
“: ...free Sunglasses! #GAFAF12”/ No way!!!! I am def pushing #GA_FAF starting now for next year!!!
Does hersheys milk chocolate and flying dog barleywine go well together?? Anyone? Please.
ur my favorite WR when r u getting back on the field??
Nobody's perfect, but you're perfect for me : )
seriously dreading the dentist tomorrow..
What do you think of #petcrazy episode so far?
well Miami gets to 90 first, but with two more mins to play, will they hold on?
Bangin like a biscuit
This cake is delicious! Thanks for bringing it over!
Happy Mothers Day. You Still Owe Me Olive Garden! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
u sexxy boo
might see it eventually, but I don't feel any rush. I didn't see Thor, or Capt America, or Hulk anyway.
Good morning my Tweets and FBs!!
i really want my hair RED now :/ , ugh !
today is the last happy hour starbucks day :(
He's still a dumb bitch though. HAha. I almost got to do teary scenes with Kate Winslet!
for hip hop heads like me, yes haha
yo im str8 great! and u? and um why my inbox still empty?? lmao
How was the delicious Bartab beer?!
Linsday Price and Curtis Stone looked great in Soho yesterday with their baby boy Hudson. Popped in Shabby Chic..
i have pizza if you wanna
Hey DH folks: I'm working on something over here and i wonder what your favorite BIG DATA projects are. Least favorite (and why)?
I havent been on twitter in forever. I feel so ashamed of my self, D;
$2 Tuesday canceld......see you Sat for Reggae/Dancehall
DAMN <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B8>LOOKiNG ASS!!..NO NiPPLE HAViNG ASS B****!...
Knowledge of multiple metadata standards.
#follow our amazing jewelry designer,
Interesting talk with a producer about the proprietary credit "directed by" or "a film by" -- he feels it should be earned ...
freakingunbeleivable digging up a body of year 1979?? Geez!! Hope that they can recover something!! Tough!!
Just met and got home in time to watch him on !....I love you Ed Sheeran, with all of my being. <3
Arrested at Sudanese embassy in DC
Disappointed that there is no Readability bookmarklet for android. Maybe i should switch back to Instapaper
I know the feeling trust me hahah.
I like the LI Lugers better. Less stuffy
Women arrested for domestic violence usually have histories as victims as well.
The crew star in "Yoga Fun at Build a Greener Block Las Vegas 4/2012" on YouTube...
eating ramen on a hot day ^__^
good luck!
Almost at 400 followers!!! Thanks for the support plz keep following!
I should be watching this game
What happened wit them niggas in Saginaw they had to pony up on our bread...even though I got a whole bottle of Moet for $11
Don't forget to be awesome.
Dah get the lamb chops
Congrats to great Australian Shaun Tan and his Oscar win for the short animated film "The Lost Thing"
Getting ready for Thursday... I'm a truffle makin machine! Check out my store if you haven't already www.lushconfections.etsy.com
Humane Society's 'Raise the Woof' will be Sunday - Cheboygan Daily Tribune
Did the NFL Network really put Tebow as a Top 100 player? He wasn't a top 100 QB let alone player.
Paint me some tummy sticks
cheers to a gr8 new week!!
RT : The intellectual and social climate needed to allow entrepreneurship to thrive will not exist in advanced capitalism....
Listening to "Girls Just Want to Have Fun" while waiting for the bus. Cause really, isn't that all we really want in life??
If I've learned anything in life, it's that people who like trains REALLY like trains.
Ha no they do both work harder than that! :)
well id say i can get freaky from time to time lol xD
Get Free Groceries ? watch twice, www.groceriesandgasolineforever.com Do enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd My #'s at bottom of site, call
Thank you for that link! I need to do exactly the same thing this month.
The bad word is that the tv show that I was working on called "The Beautiful Life" got canceled last night. That's Entertainment.
Native Remedies has a natural remedy for all your needs, With over 250 herbal and homeopathic natural remedies
Yep. I had the input level all the way down, the gain down quite far, and the amp model bypassed, for that matter.
that's what I'm screaming. That freshman looked pretty good in the red and white game.
G'morning kpoppers what a lovely way to wake up by thunderstorm :/ big crack of thunder made me jump out of bed >.<
Kobe thinkin' he's Jordan? SMH
4 yummy lbs of yummy Montana buffalo, beef and elk jerky are being overnighted to my doorstep.
sounds like a productive day though #FollowBack :))
WOW! Amazing finish to a
Gov Romney takes a giant step closer to winning The GOP Championship.
We just had our 1001 visitor to www.theactorsguidetoeverything.com! Thanks for supporting!
I think we're a ways off from that. NFL understands the threat to its business and has a monopoly. They can water the product down.
O Boy! I have 2 twitter accounts now. Its been a long time coming for me to separate my work and personal tweets. Guess which one this is!
Huffington Post isn't credible lol -- they're a blog -- I'd go with an actual news place reporting on it maybe.
Auto correct can go to he'll :/
love that you're the queen of the white party!!!!
Dear , you are great. But PLEASE PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLEASE stop coming to LA during rush hour!!
Would you break the law to save a loved one?
I just want great people like to me to play in a band with!I haven't been tryin that hard to find people!Maybe I should call Bowie.
2 hours sleep. Rise and Sunday Funday!
Show of hands for #FPF tomorrow.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
let me post a pic of my "knife" i'd stab him with this thing is wicked!
I want the Thunder to win in a blowout
Yes! <3 RT : Two more groups also working to improve conditions for moms: and
crazy...its boring now!!!:P
I love lamp
why is that?
This morning with coffee: SHINE by
Congratulations to our Winner of Project Valkyrie on DVD!!
oh my gosh!!! I'm dying, of course you'll look perfect in everything that's the problem!
First garden strawberries! Nice relaxing end to vacation before nonstop auditions and work for the next two weeks!
Happy you enjoyed!
When people try so hard to dress #DoinTooMuch , just chill
true. There is too much at stake ($$$$$) to give so much of a disadvantage.
Lots of excitement building here at the station for the final episode of #DowntonPBS!
Why is everyone so excited about the Avengers? Batman is where it's at..
m. smith talk included good example and ideas for campus outreach; e.g., data management 101
Happy Birthday
money is my boyfriend, failure is my ex, i'm married to the game, and fuckinn' the shit outta success. <3
I love how a tweet can be the shot in the arm I need :-)
Our CEO, , will be going back to where it all started, , to rep in the Babson BETA SemiFinals
Beer Fact: The portable beer cooler was invented in Australia in the 1950’s.
Hook a sister up with some of your sourdough starter next time you're over our way...
miss you more sis. luv you.
I saw john got back to you on myspace. if you want an actual cd (sorry no vinyl yet) we could do something through the mail.
Feeling a lot better now. I'm so thankful for the people in my life.
Blogging my heart out...then going grocery shopping. UGH!
eww, you nasty!
is true
what is love? From night at the Roxbury/SNL
Yea... Tn hnmmmm... Maybe a good hm
A4: education for sure, if not already. Kids are already working in ipads..public school is behind of course, so not my kids.
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. ~Maya Angelou
any tips for a new grad aspiring game designer?
Idk if I want to suck 's cockiness or lick her persuasion. Is it possible for both?
Student bags gold award for thesis
you're one of these people Ashley.
i swear 2 God yall i CANNOT find my phone!! i got so many important phone calls 2 make.
wow. Thanks for all the twitter love and photos!!
Tyler's Whore, Ignacio's Slut, Stiles' skank and soon to be Braxton's tramp is now off twitter? Yay. hope she stays off.
So the weekend coming up and I was invited to 2 birthday parties which I have decided not to go..I was going to be the bigger person but..
#pipa Stop this bill! Write your representative in congress! Internet censorship is your problem!
Are you really not posting anymore covers?! Or was that part of your joke!
Thanks for the mention. We voted for your project last year.
Waiting for official results of Atlanta Awards to be announced. I was up for Best Actor in a Play (NP). Was in 2nd.
Oh, you remember that thread? You must have been with GGD for a while. :)
Glad we could get the fam in tonight! Thanks for coming. Have fun at the show.
What effect will the disappearance of optical drives have on the preservation, archiving & dissemination of #elit ?
Ohh Yeah he got one ..
no like I think your not refere
So am I, but I don't want to be, but my sister is making me... :(
Broadway Bar 2night. $1.50Bud Light. No Cover! Dj Mystik in the mix. Peter Blue hosting the party. BG Ent. Dont miss out!!!
Be sure to ask them about construction data for: Poway, Santee, El Cajon, Chula Vista, Del Mar, Solana Beach, Encinitas, Vista.
"That's probably why all the kids have freaky hair and pierced... Well, pierced things."
Tell him about Natalie Ryan and the Brain Thieves, I think he'd like it.
I just drank a Dr. Pepper, not diet, and ate a Butterfinger. Will I be okay??
WHOOP WHOOP WELCOME to TWITTER!!!
Why be with someone you cant really see yourself with? If you can break up and date other people thats means u want somethin else out there
Catching up on last two episodes of Scandal .....
Much obliged, sir. Thank _you_
If Wellington has a ustream tonight I will watch it probably.
lol i always got my babies! =) no chaps in utah!
#superartfight popezilla more scary than actual pope? Not likely.
sounds like a plan
You're welcome!
yeah ur my SLAVE:)
The neighbor was a total dick last night when I kindly asked him to quiet his barking dog. Fuck, now I'm glad I didnt stop fucking his wife.
THE VIDEO SHOOT IS CANCELLED FOR 2maro CUZ ME X just came through and shot that shit
i know the sad moment when nobody answered me
Twitter stop bein mean-.-
Smiling like this, I never want it to end
Being in therapy is great. I spend an hour just talking about myself. It's kinda like being the guy on a date. - Caroline Rhea
it's been real
aye son! I'm on, and there isn't even a Bears game on.
i love you dad!! what are you doing this weekend?
Paul Pierce supposedly has near 100 signatures in favor of desertification. That's a lot of forged signatures he & KG put together
So I was out entrepreneuring today when I realized there might be something to this whole software/web thing.
a little, yes
Pretty quiet at the fieldhouse. Guess.Heat dbs dont know how to do anything but look cool in their james jerseys.
Chilling to hear angela remind us about the other "talk" that black and brown boys get how to respond if stopped by the police.
of course. you have a flair for eloquence.
#Ecclesia2012 Oklahoma Team make sure you are honoring your covenant and devotion! Prepare your heart for what God is going to do June 4-12
We support you in promoting a true free market economy. If your prices are too high, I have the freedom to go to
everyone knows what you're talking about when you refer to watching 'friends' on nick at night as well lol
Poor Newt tells the truth once in his miserable life & it will cost him his political career . Politics as we know it
Sometimes being a bitch is the only thing a woman has to hold on to~ Stephen King(Dolores Claiborne) :) best quote ever <3
The good news is I'm finally partnered, the bad news is that it's on my retired channel.
morning beautiful
- there's no shortage of Mike's huh?
Just waking up then getin stoned
They're only showing it at arthouse theatREs, and you have to have a beard to buy a ticket. Sorry.
Thanks for the favorites! I'm glad you found value in the thought.
adorable dresses that fit me perfectly, unique stemware & any vinyl that makes me smile!
"We developed our new laser scanner in cooperation with #Israel security agencies..." Allowing 4 Liquids Onboard Again??
haha yeah I appreciated it. Even the neck shot!!
Lately whenever someone says hi I need to repress the urge to say "oh hai" #lolcat #inception ...fearing #heygirl is next
wt it do good show on the A good luck wit album
scotts got jokes
Austin people are saying your only moving down here for like 3mo is that true love, Florida
jst leave alone. stop wasting your time. you motivate him btw. so stop. ur not funny.#SWAGGY yea go gt it!
yay! i'm excited too! gonna keep myself busy with some homework a little while. ...not nearly as exciting.
"I hate dressing up." -- Matt at college graduation.
what time?
Hi guys.
Thanks Jason!! Miss you too!! I hope you come to one of my shows when I start performing out again!! =)
Thanks for the mention!
Well Swoosh I look forward to seeing you in LA.
It amazes me how many people don't know how to use the center turning lane.
RT If you sexy and you know it put a candle on my mo f* back baby blow it... Cake cake cake cake <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Someday, I'll make a minor scratch of change in this world. Someday.
Just arrived at the venue seven hours early. What's up Pittsburgh?
Flirting....will get you everywhere. It's Christmas.
Arrrgh, I used Safari throughout college and finally gave it up for Chrome/Firefox last year. It probably happened right after.
Chipotle new favorite restaurant
like we haven't had enough, they go and discount it now. Lol
Nope. What's the science behind them?
I know me too. Haha he must be xD
okay have a good night :)
viox services. No kidding
Women belong in the House... and the Senate. ~Author Unknown
yeah I'm in section 215... The worst of all seats in the whole arena. Greeaaattt .
so depressing! you'll put it back up right?
Laughing while thinking about the importance of failure at
Imagine telling you he loves you then following you it will probably never happen :( but at least I tried
Testing mentions
what role, if any, do after school programs play in increasing STEM literacy?
I'm kind of in a blue mood today. Need to find something to cheer me up. :-(
If 6 weeks is really all I thought we had things would be great!
Thank you to my new followers!!!
I'm way too lazy to go out, but maybe we can jam sometime! LOL
i may choose the bookclub to attend based on the book. If both appeal, oh well.
I'm #ReadyToRoll with in sec 223 row k seat 4
can't wait…I have so many iBooks Author ideas for We need to talk…
well , we love 's voice & she's gonna a fave with family!! xx
Great night Powerful message by ! Blessed to worship and fellowship w/ awesome people. "Oh the places we'll go!"
Happy Turkey day! Gobble Gobble
Scheme for pregnant women to be extended after pilot project - Business Standard
Yes, it's called a job. That lady needs a new one.
I'm a cool dude. Well.
me too . I have no choice. My best friend likes my ex. My ex likes her back . Ew. But I still love you, lmfaoo<3
ooh that's great!!!! Can't wait for ABDC Season 6 to begin!!
Good Morning. :) Today you should have a Clementine.
RT : Hopslam at last! Looking forward to trying Oarsmen.
well, you kept me interested.
RT : Epcot had two boxes of Animation out yesterday around 5pm.
the world can smack themselves if they think that I am rooting for the heat too lol
call me!
Mellow mushroom.
When you lick what? Pussy? Because if so...yes! We definitely watch!
I can't help it :(
Glad you like it. Its convenient.
hi :D I hope youre having a lovely day so far :)
Love this... "The worst thing you can say about another contains some truth about yourself"-Deepak Chopra
Too many girls want attention, but not enough want respect.
thanks for the followback! if u need sharpening or new shears call text or tweet! i got the goodness! new webstore very soon!!
told ya (: But this rapper is like Justin bieber to you. Or whoever you love (:
Relaxing in Bocas del Toro, Panama... Peaceful island with great food, people and beaches. Hidden gem in the Caribbean!
Thank you! miss you all already :)
Had a great time sitting in the "voicebox" Amazing floral & fruit arrangements! What a great
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains. Danilo Dolci
I know :( & we still have to chill!
M... Indulging in some decadent, amazingly delicious chocolate. Ohh the sweet things in Life!
Thanks Yoseph how have you been? Also hit me with a follow
Testing QR Code Asset label integration with Interlink for CommitCRM.
HAHAHAHAHAHAH YEAH RIGHT. You are like the least innocent here.
you should get a two person kayak so we can go on kayak adventures!
It is wrong that I am secretly hoping we don't work out tonight? Last night's cardio was killer!
RT : Getting into the holiday spirit at with homemade egg nog -- thanks, !
:( Awww, you're sweet. I miss everyone in CU every day.
I climbed so many trees :D
that isn't bad you made it to state I most certainly did not lol...now I just got to focus on making it state for track!!!!
If everyone believed everything I said, aha.....
hey there our tax dollars too! Lol hope you have a nice day too :)
- Thanks so much. My focus is entrepreneurs, HR, and careers. Thanks for the follow.
So my bird hunting dog is actually a bird hunter. He caught a bird this morning and was throwing it up and down like a tennis ball.
c u was playing from jump
I ain't even sweatin it anymore... Whatever happens happens
- sounds like you need a bodyguard
How can we expect a harvest of thought who have not had a seed-time of character? – Henry David Thoreau
hot pink
Don't think I've played that many wrong notes in that many wrong ways before in a service.
60 miles North of Seattle:-)
sht im chilling
follow me on twitter
#ManRules use eye contact...don't trust a man who can't look you in the face
are they true stories on csi??
if you really can't decide which you enjoyed more then put it to a vote by your twitter followers. gamble gamble
Congratulations Seniors, you guys are awesome!!!
she does follow us((((: thanks!!
ExecuNet's Recruiter Confidence Index (RCI) climbed higher for the third consecutive month in May; above 50% for 1st time since Aug 08
Today is Freedom Day! 18 years ago Nelson Mandela became President of South Africa
Listening to 's High Violet album. Because it has the sound of going nowhere that is my work life right now.
feel like a virgin in life urging 4 learning 2figure out this phsycology serging this world of riot burning yet negativity is all im earning
Melissa Hazlett of Baldwin & Sons, builders of #OtayRanch, told me that #homesales there are way up; 90% of their #homebuyers are military.
you can only go so far..then its too far..
don't worry we shipped a little something today for you guys to tweet about :-)
#Smokers bolt out of nearby convenience store & practically step on their own dog to rip open new pack. But yeah, #pot is illegal.
im misunderstood 24/7...ask.somebody!!
dale hollow
Boys make good pets, every girl should have one.
Tomorrow's episode of the #patCAST features the announcement of a celebrity appearance on our 50th episode! Don't miss it!
You only have a bad day if you choose to let it happen. So if it already seems like your world is ending, change it. Its YOUR life ya know.
And spare me the bullshit about Joe "I heart Glenn Beck" Lieberman and Bernie "Keep Gitmo Open" Sanders.
This sucks
cause he made a stupid comment that embarrassed his employer and his employer has the right to suspend.
Let's give it up for our #veterans today, today's run is not just to #beatcancer, but for YOU as well.
there, there
RT : Seeking on-location lifestyles #photographer in #Sacramento/foothills area. Pls forward recommendations. Thx!
RT I'm so excited to start my Co-Op at tomorrow! // and we are excited to spend the summer with you!
hi phil, I've read 3 recognized the Lorax on Abe's shoulder right away. Thanks for info!
I just wanna tweet right now but idk bout what....
My horoscope says I can make my dreams come true today. I think the universe is referring to drinks on the patio after work.
Baklava is so delicious. Free baklava is even more delicious
What is all of this about the "pat down protest"? Haven't seen one person searched at
No, I haven't. But I'm interested to learn more about it. Thanks for tagging me :)
let me know how the transfer is ... but clean up first.
looking forward to it! Will there be a Prezi this year?
I wanna read it. Ill DM my address.
So what have you all had to change in your routines to make ends meet with these high gas prices?
Who is your favorite solo piano artist?
follow back?:) btw pretty eyes!!
you need to come to yoga with me on Saturdays the teach was so hot #m<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
It is time for me to listen to my ALL BLUES SATURDAY on WDIA Memphis,TN.
he jus called ma lips thin :/
gotta get this hosting for this dreamlog renewed i know i'll come up with something by the 25th
GT Events needs interns in our LA office! Email with resume and cover letter ASAP! #WhyNow, why not now?
Thanks for the #FF!
Spring Break volunteers needed! April 10, 11 & 12 from 11am-1pm...park day, beach day, & movie day! Email if you can help!
Personalized Training (NYC). Corporate Wellness. Seminars. 'Providing a foundation for the ever-changing landscape of fitness...
Happy Mothers Day To All The Moms Out Here On Their Job
that's .05 inches per second, or 3 inches in a minute.
Why the heck is everyone on the Angels #42??????
follow my twitter <3 tweet me for a followback.
I love when my patients brag to me about their low-sodium diet. It reminds me about how Skittles brags that it is "cholesterol free".
Thanks for the follow. :)))
Awkward - When you fall asleep watching a movie on HBO and wake up in the middle of the night watching porn and your roommate walks in.
yeah I don't normally go to the actual page either but since it was "new" I had to check it out lol. I'm good, very busy. you?
We're almost to 200 likes on here, great work guys and gals :)
Obviously, I mean vote 4 us.
Today is #Free Tuesday! Will you be stopping by? The doors are open and the sun is shining.
No one deserves hate okay? So just say that instead of singling out specific people.
Happy autumn everyone! Love those fall colors.
Braid/weave hair is becoming more expensive, while the quality is steadily declining. But what can I do? We want to look good!!
#ReplaceTitleSongSWithMyrtle You Need Me, I Don't Need Myrtle
thanks for answering. It looks good.
Talkin #bills with dad
we don't judge em doe! Do you know when dream chasers 2 comes out?
Your Beautiful<3
Yes maam! I puts it down with a 9, 40, and a 45
Trying to watch this game, but other things have been on my mind.
did u invite me to that game?!?!?! I think not lol
So pumped right now b
thanks!!! I definitely fell asleep though...
Have a safe trip!
I literally can't stop watching it. DEAD! How can a human be that flawless???
naku, surviving here as well ...from one crisis to another. God help us :)
twwwt tweet tweet which is twittterrr
Happy Friday from Portland, my fellow newsies.
one week in to first semester teaching three sections... amazed at how the three hours of teaching wipes me out on Mon, Weds, and Fri
finally made a twitter(:
On my way to work feeling awesome ....
Thank you Donald!
It's not even my birthday :)
Waiting for the day when I don't crave a hamburger and a cigarette, immediately following my workout. Seriously
Getting my hair did
3 down, 13 more to go!!!
what if this snow storm advisory is all a bunch of hype just to get us out there spending $$ on snuggies and cookie dough??
Followed. C:
oh, I see what you're saying...
U need to trust me!!!
LMAO. Completely agree...she has to have a knob on the back of her head from all the pulling.
Fingers pressing
Seeing the Titanic today, did I meantion I hate these kind of movies involving water...yeahh
stupid perfect Michael :). I want French toast!!
she was filming some video clips, may have to bring her back so there's hope yet. she's not a hero?
Got stabbed with a drum stick! Oh Bradey.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I'm great(: I'm George btw
Showed my class Greek Misirlou -> Dick Dale -> Pulp Fiction -> Black Eyed Peas. Did the same with Bittersweet Symphony and others. Fun! ^_^
you work out three times a day?
Bulger's appearance in fed. court in has wrapped up.He Asked for public defender. Pros. cited 800-grand found in his apt.
Watch him run, watch him fall, watch him try to catch a ball Olympics... at the special Olympics
Wondering if my Klout score went up.
O... waterproofing? Are you going somewhere fun? Or just being preventative? (Says the woman who washed her Fitbit.)
#AskAlexConstancio Hm Will You Ever follow me????
It's the start of something BIG! This is a special class!
After almost two years, i finally deleted the app from my phone. Lots of potential, but sadly it never materialized.
did Adam Sandler die 2day? Please tell me it's not true! :(
just discovered this gem today at #iwny . I think it's awesome!
Fixin to head to good ol Stephenville to do some hunting then I'm going to be a guest at Dolly Shine CD Release Party tonight at Bostocks
Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic.
Today's special relationship word is ASK
“: You know, Honey, normally my motto is "Drugs not hugs", but today I feel different.”
I literally solely have twitter for my girlfriend. Jeez
My phones dead and I miss you like #crazy... <3 I want to text you so bad, wtf! I love you so much, your my everything baby. ;)
I'm sure we will but we just miss it and are looking forward to another year of it!
I've got the same problem. This has never happened to me. I live 170 miles away. What is your provider?
Had fun chilling with some friends tonite now home an time for bed so nite all hugs :-)
you believe what you believe and I believe in what I believe
Cut your own salaries and rid a few assistance position
Knock on the door, hope isn't home, fate's not around, lucks all gone. Dont ask me whats wrong, ask me whats right & Ima tell you whats life
This is true. I've written a more action oriented opening scene, but it doesn't start with the main protag, which may be okay.
Jeff Corwin taking the stage at Insights conference.
I'm so sleepy
I don't know exactly when I'm going. I'm off Fri, Sat, Sun and Mon. I was gonna try to take them thursday so I can come back
I got the new prints of my headshot you want me to send them to you?
#uCantBeToughAndSay "I love to fucking color!"
Great quote!
I really like the idea of an airline buying a refinery. In a highly competitive industry, vertical integration can work.
Just tapped, Russian River Pliny the Elder (replaces Full Sail Brewing Imperial Stout) $10 growler limit 1 or $3 pints
curtis ik i got u shitty earlier but i wasnt tryna come at u though, i was jus sayin tht cause i get mad easily, not. personal
you should have recorded it ! :3
like me? cause I say SHIZZZ a lot. A LOT.
Don't conflate digital humanities with digital pedagogy, says
Here in California at least, 95% of people drive automatic and are scared of driving stick shift! :)
We're out at Livingway Church's Spring Festival. Come and join us! Livingway is located off IH 35 S. just inside Loop 1604 in Live Oak,TX.
It might hurt a little at first, but dont be alarmed, thats natural.
when we go battle? Lol
I just happened to have finished running and it's #nationalrunningday. Imagine that. :)
haha nah I texted you twice after that and you never texted back
aww how cute! I'm sure Hristo and Everett will love it.
Todd Dekker stepping down as HC at Sheboygan Area Lutheran. Not only does he leave with 2012's state title, he gets to watch his son at UW
I'm Doing What's Best For Us.
My picks to win! H, the Rock, CM Punk, Team Johnny, Randy Orton, and Sheamus!!!
Special Thanks To Our Soldiers!! I Appreciate All Y'all Do & Have Done And The Sacrifices You Men and Women Make For All Of US!!!
// It did the same thing to me! Strange
will be a guest on KPOO fm tonight @ 6:00 pm!
#3wordsforyou Green Bay Packers
they did! earlier today! We'll post up video soon-
This is the story of my life.
Three words: C.G.P. is amazing.
Thanks for the follow. Really dig the work your doing
Join us and watch the Bears Game and also talk some #foodiechat Lets Go Bears! Lets Go Bears!
3years .... So much has happened
hey alex! follow me please! you never notice me :/
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there!
Its finally sunny in Seattle, take advantage and train outside today!
OH: I grew up in the '80's. I think I know how to walk like an Egyptian.
Will Purdue pull off this win over Kansas?!?! I kind of hope so... Only to say 5 B1G teams will be in the sweet sixteen + it's an upset
What up bra bra? The set was swaggin last night. I know u got some ill footage.
and yes... team D has been atrocious...
Nationwide Is On Your Side<U+266A>....
Farm workers banned from pub in one of Britain&#39;s richest villages for wearing casual trousers and shirts
Wearing no make up and sweatpants>>
I really appreciate it. lol Off to party w/ friends, have a great eve!
Chevy Cruz I think.
I received a spam email today from the Lint Lizard. My life is now complete.
yeah sure!
So I have to take a shower now to get ready and ugh need to do something with my hair.
Wow, the Furry Scurry next weekend has 12,000 runners and 5,000 dogs - they raise 1 million $$! Just saw them on
Tomorrow is Thursday <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
doesn't that idiot chick realize that c* is the worst thing a woman can be called.
“: I'm following the next 100 people who wants a follow #” oh please follow me!!! Haha
beer is a hell of a good start haha
I'm embarrassed for you. Where's your #CLE pride?
J Roberts says the work provision doe seem to go beyond the federal view.
Ihate when someone say "for reals" like no Bitch for,fakes smdhh.
Cant Wait , Im Truly Looking Foward In Having My Own Day Care, God Will Provide I Know I Will & I Am <3
Screaming political dialogue. =D Unexpected but TOTALLY welcomed.
you are welcome
“Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.”
RT Bring your little ghoulies to for a Family Halloween Party 4-7pm Friday. $5 kid $3 adult. Bags of treats & art supplies
Becoming a child again; the best way to see life.
then stay late
Oh, you're one directions biggest fan? Tell me again how Neil is your least favorite member.
Perry has left the Dr. Martin L. King, Jr Awards Breakfast. Gingrich is still on the scene looking comfortable, participating and engaged.
Real Estate Investing Training Video: Mark Whitten Wholesales Houses in Tampa, Fl.../pE8c2jY via
"You have to teach me your ways.." "You just don't say no."
im bored too :( and babysitting :/
please follow if u wnat a new follower she follows back.
coming to soma next Saturday?
versus electronic one? It works better for our situation.
Why do people feel the need to shout at the dept. of licensing people? Although it us pretty entertaining
why? Because they were expensive ?
We love Jesus, but you done learned a lot fr Satan
#Bedlam Beatdown. Happiest night ever for me as a sports fan. dominates the hated Sooners.
Monthly supply of Shakeology just arrived! TY Beachbody ... gets me through my busy day! :-)
I'm getting that creative itch. Can anyone relate?
I cant stand people who are ALWAYS negative!
we like your style and will now follow your tweets you have now made it to the big time!
Shoots out to and da rest of bar 1 squad for always show us l
Remember your passion for music and success will present itself
Taco bell... :D
thanks for the follow.
All of these Titanic anniversary specials are solid
looked at tracking, and my is still in new jersey. bo, want it now!
I'm very clumsy when no one's around....I slam into walls/door frames and hit small toes on corners all the time...including today -_-
yea… talk to Kath. I know she's busy with James but it'd be great to see you
Yes!!! is safe :) way to go America you redeemed yourself after keeping safe tonight
Farting in class.
First the PO can't close my box as their computer is down. Now the bank gave away their key to open the room to the safety dep box.
A little more than two hours to make it to the from the Oasis ? This is doable, right ?
A few things to do to catch up on the day...
I'll take every compliment I can get! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I either want to go back in time a few years or skip a few years. I hate this age.
Fellow me i am fucken wild..& i will follow u:-)
Step off the high horse
May day! May day! General strike against unfair conditions today.
Just discovered I'm going to use this as my first step in learning
that's a popular one :)
Im Hollyhood.. Arrogant dont I look good ?
Happy Easter! We hope all of our customers celebrating Easter have a wonderful day!
People get offended when I announce my accomplishments. Didn't mean to offend anyone but if you have a problem bitch shut up no one cares.
You are wise.
OMFG NICKI MINAJ ON ELLEN IS PROBABLY THE FUNNIEST THING IN THE WORLD
#ufc120 this looks pretty week no title fight and nothing that intrest me but you can't blame ufc the last two PPVs were completely epic
Thanks! We'd love to hear some, too! Digging around to see what we can share.
I need a second job or paid internship asap.
Charles and Baltimore today 11-2 then The Gathering tonight 5-9... Let's eat
hunter shot a rattlesnake and then felt the need to bring it home to show me. sharing is caring doesn't apply in this situation. kthanks.
Oh my god. Why is Peyton so hot. Aassddffgghhjjkkll.
<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AA>RT : <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> glad your amused ": <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>RT : My butt comin back or these pants just lookin out"
Mobile layout could be improved.
Lol, same here i hate being home! I wish i could walk to your house haha
i still can't be bothered to write this paper and it's due in an hour..... just enjoyed a nice #unexpected two hour nap as well. so....yeah
Ha! Barzhini RT : "if you can always find a conference room, that's a major red flag." - (cc: )
Nashe's Orion on dogs: "To come to speech: they have it, questionless, / Although we understand them not so well; ... 1/2
Enjoying this Lakers ass whooping by the OKC :)
Listening to Megan Oakleaf from discuss assessing the value of academic libraries!
u ok over there buddy? lol
you too! I can't get that link to work, it may be blocked on this end.
i can't wait to change...
I could have had it downing ago if I wanted. I quit Lego causenit grew up :) bai
Well said! Exactly what we have been doing with Emory's faculty and grad student instructors. Objectives direct tech, always.
Jason is my main nigggga now! Love you broo >
We are....On air! Special addition of the shakedown now!
Oh, you know, just getting ready to kick some Sabre-butt, that's all.
The May issue of Rug News and Design, a trade magazine, has an interview with Alexander Interiors.
Providing FREE Nationwide Referrals of Expert Witness Services and Medical Expert Witness Services to Attorney's!! www.freereferral.com
i love u so much ur the hottest boy from iconic boyz and u never forgt that
President Obama...with Karl Rove calling the shots in Romney's campaign you are a guaranteed a win...the baby boomers are the ones who vote
Next time? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
How'd u like a chance 2 network w/ a top indie film casting director & get vital feedback on your acting? R live stream is wednesday.
Back from Vegas! Spending as much quality time with Owen as I can tonight, seeing as how I missed him tons!! Night peeps!
#iOS 5 updated flawlessly on my iPad… will try the iPhone 4 in the early hours of the morning to avoid the crash. Wish me luck.
Made two As and two Bs this semester. Great!!!
thank you for the thank you.
Hoes change up and switch up when shit start looking bad.
Don’t forget to change your clock. Like out status update if you are excited for the coming of Spring
well, maybe not a "great" pic.
i workout right in my livingroom..got weights, yoga ball, dvds, etc.. i dont like feeling like ppl are watching me lol
"Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours."
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
love shakes in rep! RT Britain’s all-male troupe #Propeller for Shakes's #TwelfthNight &
ONE more day and then im off to San Diego for Mardi Gras... cant wait cause I heard it gets crazy! !!
tangled no loger on netflix instant play just when i need it most
Hey - I haven't made it myself yet, but you've inspired me to try it out! I'll get back to you.
Wanted to invite you to a party Friday night. Please DM me a good email address.
Muppets followed by Cirque du Soleil. I think that's the peak of the night.
Anyone have any die cutting questions? Brausse Group offers consulting services as well. www.BRAUSSE.com
1st time BAOKU & The Image Afro-beat Band @ ARNOLD'S, LET'S MAKE IT A GOOD TIME!
12 hour Tuesdays! Long but over...goodnight
": And in the 90s the rest of this week smh"u cant take the heat lol
Miami, FAU announce three-year series - ESPN Found on Bing
LYME REGIS: Going quackers for Christmas lights - View Online View Online LYME REGIS: Going quackers for Christmas lights View Online By
Sloppy Joe;)
Robert Pattinson Spotted Leaving Washington, D.C. Without Kristen Stewart
What's up Rashe
Less than an hour and I'll be off work!!!! :)
What do you remember about #Kindergarten? I loved those cardboard brick blocks.
You can plan a pretty picnic but you can't predict the weather!
it's not going out of my way when I'm coming to meet you! Thanks for having a drink with me... hope Maude's was great
I haven't kicked it with anybody fr fr
I already have myself. Lmao!!
I'm your dad!!
Wow, I've never gotten the impression that the Simpsons was set in Oregon, particularly not western Oregon.
You're so welcome! That's a hat that's worthy of the derby, for sure!
's hitting the road to the Bay Area minus new co-host whose still recuperating from her b-day in Miami.
I'm not even 21 yet, haha.
i love you too! (:
i'll be grabbin a redbull & some tom thumb chicken on my way to work .
Haha I love fireworks but this too funny not to retweet. RT Fireworks are actually just dynamite's gay cousin.
I'd believe it. That train is ghostly. MT opossum rode the Brooklyn D train -- boarded in Coney Island!
Danced to techno last night and my stamina was off the hook! 32 is not a bad look at all!
I love you Austin! I really hopee that you see this! <3
Flyers v Pens
That awkward moment when some guy who's at a before prom dinner with his date winks at you. o_o
I missed you so much and im srry I havent been on in a few days.
love it! very similar to j.crew one:)
OMG... I pray Madonna doesn't use twitter
CSU football player killed in Wyoming crash
It usually pops up around two (I guess 3PM for you) on the Up show page.
This week has been so chill...
oh yeah. Word!
We're planning a Dr Seuss birthday party to coincide w/ release of The Lorax. Is there any way to get some promo materials to use?
Not looking forward to school tomorrow:/
Thank you Jorgen! I'll start getting the word out!
thanks for following!
It still irks me greatly when I see awesome adjuncts putting tons of work into their classes and tenured faculty phoning it in.
come and see me Ms Lori - I will get you tanned up!
My bestfriend and I are sitting at chilis and slapping each other in the face with a napkin.
Means more guns? RT : : and we should give the Syrian people a fair fight. 2/2
And dip and dip.
It will not be supposed that I was a vague or indifferent observer. I remain here, in attention, if in solitude.
I'm the ugly sister!! :)
Canter's for breakfast. Could Jew do any better?
i know right!!!! I get so frustrated! Haha
: and in pittsburgh off the charts. come back soon.
A ordinary girl who radiates love to world. CyrusRules <U+2665>
Who needs a brass monkey?
haha you know who my date is lol
Just finished v-day dinner with KT They nailed it. Freakishly good.
Staying in today.....nasty outside :/
Good Night! Sleep with the angels......XOXO
I lost followers *shrugs* ohwelll.
I CALL THE BIRD!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
That might sound really bad.. but its true. i honsetly have no reason to be alive anymore.. i have nothing.. no friends, no one to talk to..
Sadly, don't think so. 'Fraid too much remains up-in-the-air at the moment. But at some point, beer & poststructuralism.
We had a great day at #Cary Train Station learning about . Thank you I think I'm ready for train travel.
Follow for updates from House Health Committee hearing on HCR35 to condemn Obama's birth control compromise!
why does it seem like there's an unspoken competition going on amongst girls in NYC over who eats the most exotic food?
Love. This.
this i killing me
i don't get that either. Limiting to one of each, sure. But an arbitrary number?
"is it facebook offical?" "NO" "then its not OFFICAL" LOLZZ what has this world come too??????????
I know the feeling... paper due tomorrow... haven't started yet.... :(
See! Improv is sexy.RT Nothing, and I mean nothing, is hotter, sexier than being totally, authentically present with someone.
The staff of wants to wish Rob Hunden a very happy 40th birthday today!!!
Aw #maxpayne how I've missed you. Lol Didn't realize how bad i wanted to play this game!
and both very cool people :D
We've arranged a civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology. Carl Sagan
Not sure why everyone's complaining about the Van Halen reunion album. The old Van Halen albums weren't very good either, you know.
Aces performing at trinity river sports bar on lamar sunday nite...opening for trap squad...its gonna be hot in the Big D mayne hold up
ah thanks....actually i might end up taking that guys deal anyways :D he offered to lower it to $175 :D
Viva Puerto Rico! Viva Cotto! You did a great job papa!
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Hello Everybody !!!!
do you live in California? If so, can you go to VidCon 2012 ?!? :D
Siri, tell to NEVER stop tickeling me. #mahomies like it(:
At all costs, avoid if you want nothing to do with teehee-ing & guffaw-ing. Otherwise, follow him now.
Education is the best provision for old age...
'Let's just do garbage before he cuts our testicles off.'
Why do people send me messages on facebook asking me to like there profile picture?
You already Snow That #DMV BlackShadeMafia
Forecast for Saturday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 63 to 68 near...
All the Louisville ladies <3 Calvin. Good, honorable man. Great jockey.
aww yeah, u did tell me about that! I just wana touch Twist all over , lol!
Can you follow me so I can send you DM on servers?
Misses , too! Have fun and respond to emails loser.
you had me at Ice cream.
you are in the suggested people to follow for me at least..
If you've never googled "kitties" while hooked up to a giant screen tv - you haven't lived!! Cuteness overload!
glad i heard and and watched all their videos lol.
Need to work on my sentence!
With Facebook down, I can spend more time on Twitter. Let's follow each other.
"Activity" is a little too FB for me.
“Never be afraid to do something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark; professionals built the titanic.”
lol RT 62% of companies outsource their content marketing
Liquor and wine purchased for Saturday!!
FB comments at website said was welcome, so probably. You want to go? I might be able to use a ride :-)
Good Morning Tweeps =)
Patio...nfl draft...heinekens...i love
Says that he feels guilty abt moving in with a woman & informs you that you r the other woman in his life
I have done so much code today that my eyes (such as they are) are falling out of my head! (Need Champagne, stat!)
China Bright Food buys 60 pct stake in Weetabix
Did I just hear say will sing LIVE??? OMG IM GONNA DIE! YAAAY #CC250 #EDM #TranceFamilly #NOTCOMINGDOWN <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Take a joke
I'm down for the cause per , sir. Go Crosby Go.
"Outliers" is a good read re: the how and why of success. Not always up to you. Check it out.
#ThatOnePersonWho is not really your friend
I cant believe it has finally come!! Hahaha!
look it up
Hope y'all are as excited for December 3rd as we are! We have some cool new tunes play for you so be there!!!
Panthers load the bases. Bermudez up.
PENS DREAM OF POSSIBILITIES WITH CROSBY - Sportsnet.ca
RT “: My circle get smaller each & every day.”
nah, i didnt RSVP, I have class..
Good to know you have your priorities straight. See you soon!
My mom thinks I'm reading now but in reality, Im watching Maroon 5 on World Stage&Im falling even more in love w/Adam. :P Haha
- it is on Netflix
Success = freedom to do whatever you want whenever you need to
#matzoballsoup fail? Or is this your regular 2:30 pm flu recovery slow-down...? Or maybe it's the transcription I'm working on...
can't wait to see ur pretty face tmrw(: i love youu bff!!
I have tried for several hours now to think of a witty response, to no avail.
What is everyone up to this weekend? :)
all day man... working on my next project right now. well glad to knw erthing is gravy. see u next time im in DC probly
"There so cute cause there so little" LOL BITCH WUDD ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT.
As a NYK fan All I want is to avoid a sweep today and just win a playoff game. It hasn't happened since 2001 its been way too long.
: cool house! likes the cabinets. >>> it's for sale you know... It'll be open Sunday 1-4. Have a great da ...
RT--> RT for your chance to win 2 tickets to see at on May 1st!
thanks for editing out my typo. The game was not as fun as I made it out to be.
congrats! #teamblake is rocking tonight!
why doesn't your web version automatically refresh the search stream for twitter? It does on the ipad....frustrated.
Thanks for the follow. It was nice to have you back today.
Finally off wrk
I would disagree too! My stepmom has her own super powers...she keeps my dad on track and makes him happy! :)
- 20 line minimum; 33 line maximum.
RT : "Good #leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people." -John D. Rockefeller
Your Welcome!
I think its a good question to ask.
it's from stepbrothers hahaha.
Just deposited Sam's check. He took his pumps off.
awesome. will buy one and twitpic.
Just watched some scenes from step brothers. Fucking hilarious
Cinco de Mayo dinner at Chicken Latino in the Strip. #yum 'greensauce
Baltimore.Do you have extra planting containers? Donate one to the YOURS garden in Hampden, and get a free shirt. DM for details
Rise & Shine
Just say no!
Yup!!! Let's keep in touch!!!
Wtf, y do I think this way!! I cant take it anymore!! SOMEBODY KILL ME!! PLEASE
If Jermain O'Neal was shooting even 40% in this series, the Heat would be up a game and have a nice lead tonight. Instead hes 4 for 21...
Oh! Pretty day after a lovely night with and <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Thanks for organizing this lovely coffee klatsch at - Some of
I lie it! -"No guts, no gator"
Awesome! Thank you! No worries. What kind of event?
no lmao:X
lots to do in Atl... Five Points , Buckhead and Virginia Highlands good 'hoods. Coke museum is cool too. Piedmont Park fun.
hey girl! How've you been?:D
Done and done. Thanks for the opportunity. Don't let the fossil fuel industry hold us hostage.
Best part about tracking Wiley token use - seeing requested articles directly related to faculty research. I'm helping!! :)
Got back to school & I feel happiness, cus school is over, sadness, cus ppl are starting to leave, & awkwardness, cus I am here for anot ...
Get some boys!!!!
Luke 19:27 "who would not that I should reign over them, bring here, & slay them before me"-Jesus (Hopefully everyone)
one note: "Bay Area" should be capitalized.
Great Album!!!!! Favorites so far "Better Than I" and "Use Me". Love em all though:)
That's so RIGHT ON!! Thx! :D
RT Are you ready for SWITCH tomorrow? / I am!!
“: Don't assume my posts are about you. But if you're affected, then that must mean you're guilty of something.”
Ron Paul would first do what he has been pushing for the last decade - Audit The Fed
Back at Inked getting my tattoo finished! Gahh I can't wait for it to be done.
Nice!! You best also bring some dollar bills! Preferably lots of dollar bills.
Stuck at comic convention. Geek overload
#Taylor profile pic?...Not bad.
A man is as wise as his head, not his years. ~Kurdish Proverb
Red isn't my color & of course thats my teams color for oriole flight
Feels like i only tweet when i travel. Iowa. En route to California. No stops. Steph. Two bikes, an HD camera and a parachute.
Thank you for sharing.......I still love U
Tony Rich Project - Nobody Knows it but Me. Best ever.
THIS BETTER MEAN GOOD NEWS
MT : What does Kyryls getting tossed do for his street cred? #ArizonaWildcats Don't mess with our Uki STUD!
“: Rule #1, I am always right. Rule 2, if you think I am wrong, read rule #1.” Right more often then not!
Vera Wang has signed off on black wedding dresses. Now accepting marriage proposals.
Fuck The Bulls their going to lose anyway... It's all about on #thevoice <3
did you love it???
doubting thomas
Thank you thank you. We were in some fine company that night.
Thanks RT places that run as smoothly as yours on Friday nights, make #mkedining a real treat
MY SISTER IS BEING DRAMATIC ABOUT NICK JONAS. She saw his play twice, who the hell cares omfg. I love Nick, but just stfu.
Are you at Vine Cottage?!
see my mentions /: make sure to include ur name and time zone :)
haha good stuff, better to be up a couple of bucks.
you're finally on twitter!!! Love u!! best on MIOBI!
oh yes I am.
that was rude..
Looking forward to seeing students perform tonight !
#MIAvsDAL give the ball to punch in the score.
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying,"I will try again tomorrow." --Mary Radmacher
#oomf is tryna make something outta nothing
Want a job when you graduate? Take my THEA 345 class - marketing for the theatre at SDSU!
there's definitely not enough good SciFi out there right now; we need more!
My number 1 pet peeve - Bitches that walk up & put they hands in my mans head! That shit burns me up
Ain't watched LMN in a good lil grip though .
If you had told me this morning that tonight I'd be at a metal show with a mohawk, I wouldn't have believed you.
im bored!
Looking for silk screeners...
hey i saw jon
": I want u to know There are more FOR you than there are against you!">>AMEN TO THAT!..Gods Best 4 YOU!
we are still working out the kinks of our delivery system. Wouldn't want to bring you cold food
Oh yes I loved it so much!!Rebecca De Mornay was excellent!! I want to watch it again!!
that is horrorfying.
Just finished the schedule for our radio show, hitting the airwaves MONDAY!!!
if anyone wants to order avon order here www.youravon.com/jszydlowski
love me? no.... okay
Pain is good!
yeah we are she said its for the final too
im here in the hospital.. i was dancing and the nurse walked in.. now i have to be watched.. :(
knowing zach, he doesnt h8 u nd is just kidding
wish it was raining here, sunny beach is SO tempting! projects first ;)
I'm reading BASTARD OUT OF CAROLINA by Dorothy Allison. Can't believe I'm just now getting to it!
I look like a teacher today
Sipping that drink of diddy's. And chillin 2 some maxwell, can't wait until he comes to dc
(Anonymous)In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins . . . not through strength, but through persistence.
Hi Jennette!! Stopping in to say hello. Hope things are going well for you. Take care and hope you have a great week.
Their upcoming album is All The Way!
It was. ": "Sad for Ark. RT “: OL J.Diamond is on his official to Ark" I believe it was sad for MI was it not?”
We'd love to meet you! & have you try our products fresh this time! Let us know you're schedule. Maybe visit our kitchen?
RT : get a cab and say "Twin Anchors"
I have the same convo all the time. "Can I have your #?" = "May I cut you into tiny pieces & toss you in the Hudson?"
2 Beer Queer at Cage Match tonight @ 11:30PM !!FREE!!
First rule of day-drinking: SIGN OUT OF SKYPE.
keep up the great work Rush! Tell the truth about the Muslim in Cheif. Real Americans don't listen to the vermin on the left.
ppl always make everything as either/or. Hip hop can b about fast cars/women and about deeper stuff. Some songs have both.
My fave story as a kid was not Cinderella or something, It was The Cobbler and the Elves. I still wish an elf will do my work while I sleep.
Same here! Had Mich st.! --- RT : Picked 3 out of 4 Final Four teams. Stupid Cards.
ikr. IM JUST BORED WITH IT
A5. Depends on mood. Both have their good qualities. Needs good tomato sauce, good sausage & pepperoni though.
Well I don't sound horrendous today
This current AD issue is on point with designs
im not the qirl your mom warned you about ; her imaqination was NEVER this qood <3
COD time till tip off
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Il has died.
thank you bro mad love
i'm writing a blog article about world famous paintings... and not feeling creative this morning. more coffee needed!
Oh man, can you imagine what people would say if Nyjer Morgan did what Lawrie did and only got 4 games? Oof.
Great session today with awesome Jazz Pianist and Producer, Martino Avery!!!
OMG still have not finish all the homwork my teachers have me LOL :(
Idk if this is only me who ever feels this but ima address something in my next tweet and see if it's only me lol
RT - Please Miami Dolphins please please don't take Pryor. Please
We are breaking for 5-10 minutes.
LOOL, broo we need to hang out soon <3
Thx for the interview. Safe flight to Vegas. See you in SD next time.
Nothing quite like some fedspeak after a nice big lunch
Craving those Parmesan Truffle Fries!
On a Roy Haynes kick. Digging a lot of his newer records.
Its not okay for you to take your anger out on me & then act like it never happened, I'm not your punching bag either, WHERE'S MY RESPECT.!?
Hello (: Follow me , please that's my dream (:
This isn't just a workout, Elway has to seal the deal now.
When you order the energy inside of your mind, it becomes ordered outside of your mind. .
My daughter swims as well as a fish out of water. A lot of flopping around and looks of panic.
hahaha well they r all gone now lol but my mom is buying some more!! :))))
thanks for checking out the record. I appreciate it. I can't seem to follow where all you've lived in 1 year!!
“It’s like love child of think tank & flash mob for good.” Sounds like heaven. Can't wait to learn more- tks the follow!
Louis for the night. Taking it back old school.
I feel like I should greet some of the folk I regularly see online during these late night Tweeting bouts. Hi, Guys! *waves* *grins*
make it eight
If you're not willing to challenge a mentor then go home and send me a check for $10,000 while you're at it. via
That awkward moment when you see a bunch people from school hanging out at the mall & you’re there with your mom.
Not quite everyday. Now's your chance for a coup. I'm in North Carolina for 5 days ;-)
#noidata - Enhanced Voter File: address-standardized, CASS-certified, run through National Change of Address, and deceased voters removed
3 days until the holiday party on Dec 17! What will you bring to the potluck?
Thunder Up!! We will be open Monday night at 7:00 for Game 1 between & Lakers!
Rate limited? RATE LIMITED? WTH, Twitter?! What, the 2nd photo this afternoon?! Horse-puckey!
Such a fabulous night at #TechKaraoke! Full house and so much great music!
Wow! A bit touchy, eh? LOL! Like I have any control of the schedule, douche.
We're about to head out for end of year party to start our Holiday break. Safe travels to everyone this year and enjoy some time off!
I have never been. I'd love to go. My sister has been a couple of times. She loves it.
HEY! Totally missed your tweet that happened WEEKS ago. We'll be announcing our next show by the end of the month!
Follow beautiful model and author of #BunnyTales, :)
hey babe hru?:)
How many times has the whistle been blown in this game? Pathetic
Boat day to #loverskey Ft. Myers Florida.
Don't come running back To me when you get treated the same way you treated me.
HAPPY RESURRECTION DAY!
He gets it what about all the other tea-baggers
Cowboys ain't getting Asante -- I accidentally retweeted a FAKE Adam Schefter. Not sure how that fool got into my timeline.
I was thinking the same thing.
I worked in music industry on "synch" licenses. It was spelled both ways (although synch was preferred) even within the field
Join me Fri 3/30 @ Erotic Pole-Etry in Raleigh where I will be selling books and shirts from my tee shirt line, Mental Notes. Check us out!
#FACT: 1/4 of all bones in the human body r in ur feet. When they r out of alignment, so is the rest of the body.
cole world tell the rest to freeze
Just like in 2010 for her performance in I AM LOVE and in 2009 for JULIA, etc..
United Airlines announces it will exempt overseas transportation costs for pets of Foreign Service workers.
is there a cable outage in fresh meadows?
I miss you too, sorry I'm not on much anymore ):
I'm glad, cause I've been wanting to do that for the past 2 months lol
I've not really gotten into it this year
when do you leave japan?
I feel disorientated. Need to find a #CrossFit box right now
You mean like the ones from the 90s? I have an Alphasmart 3000 (small screen) but the Dana has a larger screen.
Sometimes I got to play the same game as you .
Father Christmas...two songs at once?
Am I the only one that's not to "fond" of Peyton's manager?
Three followers from 400. Tell one of your friends to follow me bc 397 is dumb number
. thanks for the RT! (and your fab programming <U+263A>)
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights– EDX feat. Sarah Mcleod - Falling Out of Love (Tommy Trash Remix)
I saved a life today. Stole candy from a person with diabetes. Don't worry it was aunt. :)
I have to get braces next month . Austin just got his out. I think I'll get them red because that's his favorite color. -Ally
you NEED to see it so you can understand life. It's the best movie ever. Fuck me gently with a chainsaw...
RT : Does anybody play fantasy college football?
Sir Wilfred Grenfell~ The service we render others is the rent we pay for our room on earth.
are you tracking the number of scans on your signs qr code?
Annoyed & Sick -_-
I probably recommend the legal and economic thought chapters of AoF to people lately more than any single other book.
Every once in a while a song comes along that forces me to up my guitar game. This is one of those songs.
Open window tonight when I sleep plus the fan
Do you Baby Boy one of the Prettiest Woman In American , and Rich and Famous Like you let the "Haters" Hate Play On.
If they wink or send a canned email, I ignore. But if it looks like a real msg, I send the "no thank you" reply.
bus fair is 210
Summer programs coming to an end, fall sign up for fall programs now!
if you drop off at 's 1st, We can drive to ' together. Just Saying.
“ Blow a 25 point lead and Cuban locks himself in the house for another month. Or buys the LAD.” I vote for buying the LAD!
So knows where I am going but not where they put me. They tell me I am going to #PDX on a future trip when I am in
yep =) we'll think of something
yes i did. and i run this account.. angel(:
The moon looks beautiful. Tonight.
thats whats up...every body straight?...family?
Remember that lovers need to be friends and partners too.
I am so sleepy, if I go to sleep now will I sleep all night though?
Thx. These concerts combining band and symphony make for a really cool show. Saw Beck last year do the same and it was great.
“: Once you find a person who will take you as you are and not for what you have Never Let them Go......” tru shit
Thanks for the prayers! They helped! :)
Supporting at-risk families can help children live with dignity, safety, and health and make positive contributions to society
i'm thinking throwing it out the window might be a fix. However, it looks like I'll need to pay for a repair:(
Calleen Cordero Store event last night. Check out her store: 7384 Beverly Blvd, LA. beautiful handcrafted leather heels,bags,belts&cuffsHOTT
I'm sure that I will love it.
That's gotta get confusing at work with all that orange.
it's those mean reds... And all you can do is go to Tiffany's
I was in Finland, saw someone talk to their dog in Finnish, asked my friend how the dog can understand Finnish
what is that for?
Thats your counter? I asked for a concrete answer.
Was NAMA Perter Bacon's "brain"(less) child. I like Frank Daly, smart, down-to-earth no nonsense guy
Health Benefits Of Curcumin From The Spice Turmeri
Stay or leave?.
yea i been living out here since summer
rigt here we somekin u right now lmao WORK
safe trip brother and do it hard as usual
I think there's a funding split in the G.O.P..
Yeah I'm good. went ghetto on me and shanked me. She got lucky while I was running by.
Hello tweeps! My busy schedule continues, miss you much!
i know!!<3 i know </33 who do i like? no one and sadly no one likes me -___- :/ waht to go to hairspray?;o
Hot dang! Someone is BBQ ing steak and it smells DELISH!
Happy Birthday to us! Happy Birthday to us! Happy Birthday H2 Public Relations!! Celebrating 5 years of biz
I didn't cook
I hope Jordan gets it together and wins #BB13 just to shove it in these dumb bitches faces!!
yoo I texted you and terry! About britt birthday check your phone
Battle of two failed "coaches-in-waiting"
But Damn We Be Icy Like A Motherfucka
On my to do list for today, it says, "Facebook Ad - 16th landing page". I have no idea what I meant. Can anyone relate?
whats sad is i didnt even have to look that up to make sure i didnt miss anyone lol
High five!
#HotCoffee covered many angles in civil law & did a gr8 job explaining how they work, why they exist & tie it all together well
old news he followed me AT LEAST a month ago
I don't see why people would wanna unfollow you... You are an awesome person(:
Finally went to go watch The King's Speech! :) Fell asleep right before the king's speech :(
Bong Bong.
I really hate being a diabetic right now!
that picture actually made me quite a bit queasy, and usually injuries don't phase me. That...just..is gross.
drive by - train - at bobbys
I gave Bing an honest shot, trying to find a good Google alternative, but no dice. Anything else I should try?
An actual one -.-' thank you very much
I'm sure there are horse trainers as tough as Torentello (sp)
Most underrated Badger I can remember.
In 1528, Cortez presented cocoa beans to Charles V of Spain. In 2010, California was introduced to the Original Cannabis Chocolate, Bhang.
I mad didn't text nobody saying she made it!
I have a cat that is exactly the right blend of colors to show up on EVERYTHING. (Muted greyish tabby.)
what did happen??? is something wrong with him
Spoken with 27 people so far about what prayer means to them. Will share some of their thoughts later.
SEEMS LIKE MURDER KEEPS BEING THE CASE SHE WROTE
finally gave in and signed up to Facebook. Not sure why I even had to sign-up: it already seemed to know all about me.
Is brainstorming sweet t-shirt designs for the Seattle Children's Theatre!
washed dog. house smells of wet fur.
Hey Matt my name is Margie but please call me Ellie ! Its good to hear you are well ! How is the family ?
Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers. ~Isaac Asimov
Oh absolutely. He was an excellent part of the movie.
the fact that I knew the answer to that question will remain between the three of us
don't make me say it...group chat last night....
ermm probably yes.. I dont miss my parents actually.. idk but I prefer celebrate this xmaz alone.. just me and Jesus
If smokers can get smoke breaks, non smokers should get fresh air breaks.
Waking up, eating chipotle chips & salsa for breakfast, & watching One Tree Hill
Funny how life is. You can think someone is SO important and u can't move on without them....until you do. Just be confident, time will heal
Austin needs to tweet before I go to bed !
If you haven't yet, go to the link on the right side of our Facebook that says "Suggest to Friends" and suggest us to everyone.
It's official! My song "Someday Soon" will be appearing on KFOG's Local Scene CD, due out in August. Yay!
Obtain knowledge for God purpose....
good morning!
Reno to San Jose $59 one way, double miles. Book by 5/17. Cool!
whatchu know about...?
What's a "Santorum"?
Yep....which is why I am happy today that we got lucky,.....
Ewe the kid just sent me a picture if his......:( ewww
IDK, maybe they encourage them to make good TV. I also wanted to punch the guy with the boombox
To keep everyone posted. We're successfully submitted to and #Sundance. Please keep your fingers crossed for 2 months til we know
yes... i gotta stress out!!
we're cute even when you have a booger in your nose hahahaha
Sorry to see Borders closing in Milwaukee. :(
to my close friends who are iPhone users... is sweet...worth a look
#Cataloging our institution's oral history transcripts, I always get sucked in, read them cover to cover.
Agreed. But I am happy with the overall outcome.
Bored text me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Just To Make Wanna Alright..
okay, night love yu two
Hahaha, okay! Come visit soon, I don't know anyone around here yet :(
His post-game meal was more impressive with 7 Big Macs and two small children.
aww yay when r u gonna be here
Yo lets get a collab going, new fucking york.
soon come my brudda....trust me. everything is being knocked down in an orderly fashion.
all the cool kids party on thursday nights,LETS DRINK
I didn't realize they even had an airport.
Dreamt I got into a long, drawn out fight on the internet.
I found it when I started getting follow notifications. I asked Lloyd about it last week. He said he was behind on it.
Preparing for my class tomorrow.
It's 9pm. Do u know where ur children are?
A great imagination passes. “: NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83”
Watching The Hangover.
Marcos is the only one who I can keep a convo with for hours & hours without any awkwardness.
Received a notice about Maifest/Volksfest. A band named Das Ist Lustig is playing & I can't stop repeating it in my head.
Cyclist on mlk with no lights? Really?
Just me, liver tissue, and a 23 step staining process all day
Does the legislation allow for corkage in bistros in the middle of the block too?
ill tighten my belt...before i BEG you for help...
Excited to hear on the radio with at 10...
if the bread was for something you shouldnt have left it on the table, and i didn't fucking open it. what the fuck? my family makes no sense
None of them were from Brooklyn lol
Big Bill wishes happy holidays to all! Capone's ghost and I will be painting the town red tonight. (We'll be the two transparent fat guys!)
u r 100 percent gorgeous i wish i looked like u ur tweets get me thru my day
If hard work doesnt pay off it will eventually
May the 4th be with you!
Incentive #ReTweetThisIf you have a workout planned for
thanks for the shout out! xo
my new "twitter friend" :) thanks
they just played austin's song on the radio! :)
Ha well thanks I really do hope I get it back….And thanks for thinking I WILL be famous one day lol ;)
Oh the frivolity! (Too soon?)
Living is a matter of delaying the inevitable as long as possible...
My girlfriend knows more about football than most of you guys
Tf, Dumb Ass Phone..! I'm So Fu*king Mad..!
Filing back into the office....please no aftershocks!
I wonder who the first person was to see an egg come out of a chickens butt and think...'That looks tasty, I'm gonna eat that.'
follow back ? (:
My favorite Maurice Sendak book was Pierre. I remember reading it over and over, because it was so weird. But I loved it.
Ever known someone so stupid you can't believe the shit they say?
Our prayers with Valmore Vivas, our positive energy with you, please get better soon.
Charleston conference in full swing.
The MLA submission system was a mess?
People who clear their throat incessantly should leave
Tim Presley's new White Fence stuff is unbelievable !
The "late night" and "early morning" hours are starting to blur together.
thanks to and for realizing weedens a good pick
“ Great. Just got the news that my grandparents are very sick - Nice start to easter.”Wish them the best
Yes it will.lmao!!
Over the years, we have arranged billions of dollars in often-complex financing transactions for a full range of commercial properties.
But of course--it was a great spread.
Hey All! We still have seats open tonight at 7:30! $12/person + drink specials for 2 hours in #fellspoint! Thursday Funday!
~Tongue down her throat while the other bitch gagging ~
Getting ready to see Grindhouse at the El Coyote margs in effect!
stop sighing beautiful . Just sleep .
Southern sweet tea and poolside reading
yea the apartment is ok. The fire was up one floor and across the hall, but they got it under control quickly. Thanks for asking!
should've just continued shopping
Whoa! The office is full of holiday treats, gifts, & holiday cheer. Thanks to all of our friends & partners. Happy Holidays from Wireworld!
Street credit is no joke. Get some.
Let's hear some more updates! Wow what if it is like awesome today and like totally wierded out and stuff! :D
Childish Gambino tickets go on sale December 9 for his April 6 show in Houston…would be a great birthday gift people! (wink, wink)
due to the time involved?
Check out 's table at the Twin Cities Book fest today and pick up a fall issue of C.L.A.P. plus lots of other great goodies!
why gatherings "in the flesh"? no real connections made on the screen. on Creative Mornings. would agree
so what's up?
Fuck, that is so frustrating. Particularly when they have an unspoken deadline and then yell at you for missing it.
Many people on twitter claim to be ninjas... I'm callin #shinanigans on that one
I will call you tonight boo. I promise <3
send me your number
Time With Teacher Raffle was a HUGE success! Stayed tunes for pics and videos...
'Battleship' Director Peter Berg HAMMERS Israeli Reporter -- 'Are You a Draft Dodger?'
thankyou!!! i'm glad you like it!!
could you typogra-fy a spot on my wall sometime? Silver and gold I have none, but would cookies suffice?
I got the keys to the crib! Cc: lol.
I am having a conversation with Gabi Butler right now.
Did you know that CIS graduates alone save NC $6.9m per year? Check out this just-released press release explaining more....
“: There's no point in trying to keep getting someone's attention when they're clearly not thinking bout you”
Hang in there....the weekend is almost here
can someone help me get more followers...awkward everyone has like thousands of followers and i don't even have 200! ucanhelp!
so rad. Congrats!
asked for time extension at meeting on Wednesday as the designs were not finalized. said the opposite.
#1 Tip for planning an economical vacation -Plan Ahead -- 6 to 12 months in advance is great timing.
Virgin america wants me to enjoy "our nation's seat" in going to dc. that seems naughty somehow...
delayed response - I reached out for HARO. Thx for the tip!
RT : Holy fuck, this guys got a WOW sticker on his avatar and even he bought it! - #SarcasmMaybe?
against my will, IE8. Nevermind, is loading now. Grazie.
For me, managing multiple twitter accounts -- at Twitter.com, you can only be logged into one at a time.
Talk about diagnosing strengths & development areas & how u use the right leadership style for the situation.
I am going to fail, my first quiz, COME'ON Tumblr, I can't study
I totally disagree. What women do you survey, ha, ha?!
Avengers been out 2 weeks amd has already hit 1 Billion + world wide!!
Delicious Library?
dude let's get real not much of a challenge
Online Presence – Having an online presence gives potential lenders or investors and customer’s immediate access to your business.
Haha, oh my. I truthfully can't dance at all unless there's instructions that I can follow.
We do plan to podcast 's talk. Check iTunes & our blog -- and we'll tweet here when it goes online.
me, too.
Watching a FOX show that probably has no association to Ford or Coke and certainly won't have pointless non-music segments to fill 90 min.
Apologies to anyone who received an email from me while I was away...my yahoo email was hacked it looks like. Sorry.
So in Missouri if you stay with someone at a hotel for two days, technically you're married! Lol
watched the Green Lantern this morning and thought to myself, What's missing from today's action movies? .. Full penitration
feeling like I wanna punch a wall and cry at the same time <<<
Instead of banging my head against the wall trying to help people "get it" I now take great enjoyment in just watching them not "get it".
Getting a good workout in then heading to a creative meeting to get ready for #Ecclesia2012 OK.
I tested the abandoned cart theory...around 12:15-12:18...no dice. 3000 successful checkouts!
Official "Fornication" video release: May 13th IX
why you texting about al qaeda? I need a joke about the lotto and Frank McCourt. Help!
Check out the update to the #foursquare #android app in the marketplace #teamblackberry always last to feel the love <U+2639>
Getting my #hydrate on for the What's ur pre race routeen?
"blood, sweat, tears, and chalk.. Gymnastics, we don't take cry babies!
Support WMSE by getting a Local Yokel. It fills you up real good. We did our part...
I love confidence said it best it's a stain that can't be wiped off. Its shows the real niggas from the fake niggas
People forget how fast you did a job - but they remember how well you did it.- Howard Newton
Some old Indian guy has been sitting in his car staring at me every time I go to the parking lot.
Cant wait to go to 's softball games this summer with momma franco(:
Best part about coming to every morning for the last two weeks? Getting to listen to online! Great start to each day.
Did someone say Rudy's? Yeah, baby!
haha. Truth be told, almonds are not a "true nut" but a drupe. Merry Christmas!
I can't be the only one out there feeling uneasy about this one.
Hacienda for din din tonight...I really wish I could speed up time!
I second Mindy's tweet. Best of luck ladies!! Next year I'll run it ....
Hey Jessica ALba u r my biggest fan my name is Julian Paz i am 17 and i think u r da prettiest actress good luck
thanks Rick Rubin for ruining the new Gossip album.
#helc12 Student say Internet outages is #2 problem
Thank you, unknown Seattlite stargazer, whose rapt stare @ night sky as I walked by showed me the eerie green-blue-red blaze of Sirius.
Hope all is well on other side of the pond. Coming back Stateside soon? Think I'll be back home end Feb so may catch Dublin gig!
oh, i know.
Perfect ending to my #freestylefriday #nowplaying Lil Suzy.... Time to hit the pool!
Morning :) most relaxed pageant day ever...why? I'm not competing
The dreaded Sunday evening text has arrived on my phone....
I actually get to drive my jeep today. I've missed her much. And my cd player. Getting sick of t swift all on my radio. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
What's your favorite summer activity? so we can see your reply!
MIND BLOWING event I called a San Diego PUBLIC INFORMATION OFFICER after hours tonight--and he HELPED US! amazing but TRUE!!
Awe hell who told u to make a Twitter LOL “ WOOP..WOOP!”
Just bought tickets to see Bill Maher at Whitney Hall on May 19th. Should be one hilarious night.
It is pretty much all determined by that spark..if there isnt that 'spark' then one person is sol
if u aint focus u gonna be here for a while -
No such thing as overload. I'm loving all the content you're sending our way.
Welcome - we've been waiting for you :)
reviews the new
Thanx girl! Coney Island's rockin'! Love the couple in the sand!
heck yes!(: I won't shave my Chia pet either! ;D
Of all classes? Or just classes held thru SDSUDigimedia?
I told my friend who works at pebble beach to give a warm welcome.
Oh believe me, we will. We are about to annihilate this class.
nice! Have fun! I sent a variety of options. Let me know if you need any more:).
So excited!!! On the way to see Radiohead live again!!! :-)
yeah, mass on her lip, it was bleeding today
RT iSchool student wants to help an archives with a website redesign. Email us at (via )
Sapient is good, busy. What are you up to?
we just drove by your house and honked at someone we thought it was you but I think it was beth!?!
you're now known as Scott Dolittle.
bringing in #NYE2012 right. With my boo Doinnnnn it
Just spotted Nicholas Negroponte checking in at
New Shirt STEEL PANTHER SQUARES MENS TEE SHIRT
Seriously, I want to commit Seppuku after drinking coconut water.
It smell like Butt Cheeks -.-
wat you bout to do with this
tax day.
You know what? If you borrow money, you should pay it back.
About to leave work, go to the gym & start my trip to Oklahoma then Colorado!
Good night tweeties. Happy Easter.xoxo
"I believe that if you show people the problems and you show them the solutions they will be moved to act" - Bill Gates
lamb x 3 . . . delicious.
I AGREE! Girl's got it going on!
omg omg you followed me back!!!
good read? What's the genre?
sometime before summer we should have a girly day and go get a pedicure and go shopping or something
Must have an #MLS or #JD and experience in a legal library.
but you haven't talked to me in forever
An happy fuckin' Friday the 13! Ima get my hockey mask and go terrorize my loved ones-- Peeing your pants as a child builds character!
yes! Would love to participate in another #FNIchat tweet-up.
On this visit to Italy, I learned Italians despise their own beer. All the good pizza joints along Via Tribunali in Naples pull "germano".
Lol lol but u can keep the bitch...
: Don't forget the post-grame wrap up at Reading Terminal for roast pork round 2. Hope Fredette has a great game.
Romance your mate by doing one thing each day to make his or her life easier.
Have to give a "By the Numbers" speech at #Badgers season-ending reception tmrw, but struggling for a hook. Any theme ideas?
What do business owners want from your executive coach? Design what you need & want from coaching. Make it work for you!!
Ok Pontiac we're here...come on out a play!! The Dirges @ The Pike Room doors @ 8pm ALL AGES 1 S Saganaw st
RT : So hyped for Central Avenue tonight! Historical photos from central ave residents with his new work
I cannot wait to see this film! Glad to hear you enjoyed it. #highhopes -JO
samuel thomas flint. <3 :)
I DONT CARE JUST GET ME SOME #I'll.Cut.You!
Public school cookies >>>
The truth is overrated. Avoid it at all costs.
On iOS, it has comparative advantages. If only someone has split MS into an apps co and an OS co a few years ago...
I only ask because I do. What about Steve Guttenberg?
will do!! Next week for SURE!! Miss u!! How many days? ;)
Eating an entire loaf of just-out-of-the-oven orange-lemon-dark-chocolate-cranberry bread.
We're returning to the states soon so you never know! It was great working on the last track of Xtreme Xover 'Genesis' with them!
not talking about this year just overall. He dosnt get the best players
Please follow me too :))) Cheers!
I am so glad this is the last study hall I'll ever have to be in with Dennis.
looks like a lively place!
OT time, stuck in a 2-1 league... Go Kings GO!
I can see the potential in Google+ and I want to use it more . . . but I keep getting frustrated with it. Anyone else feel that way?
Those who don?t understand determination call determination stubbornness or too driven. To be determined is to see it through! Catherine...
Alright, I set three different alarms, three different ringtones and messages written on the alarm before I even attempt to hit snooze
Perfect day for a Hot Goldschlager Cider, Hot Bourban Cider, or Hot Spiced Rum Cider...stop by!
FOLLOW lest you fall in battle
You're Welcome! :)
Enjoying sharing YA author sessions with my daughter. Priceless.
“Mathematics is a creation of human mind, concerned primarily with ideas, processes, and reasoning” -Johnson and Rising
Happy Monday!
Save the Earth, it's the only planet with Chocolate!
Shower before bed is the best feeling ever
Happy Mothers Day Mom
It'll all get better in tyme
That's what I say to your mom every night.
Thanks for the congrats!
good on u 2 b outraged at our brave soldiers murders even if 2 advance your ulterior motives & devious agenda.
Happy Hour every Wednesday Thursday and Friday 6pm-10pm Special Pakages for Men and Women on #Haircuts #Color #FlatIrons &More!
Looking 4 foodtrucks 4 events in Feb. Great venue! Interested? Free
I was about to instagram my chipotle but I was too hungry so I ate it...
no bro... I was good.. Just observing other peoples bad karma on that one... Ha ha
Closing in 10
The taste of eternity <3
Joh 1:3 All things came into being through Him, and without Him not even one thing came into being that has come into being.
Raging Waves waterway...my 33 year old husband has been begging all day to go :)
To the Asshole banging on my door at 5:15 this morning - I hate you. Plus, you are an asshole. Just thought you'd like to know
I find it odd that the first thing I thought when I woke up was, "I don't want to be a chicken, I don't want to be a duck, so kiss my butt."
See previous reply. ;)
Music to our ears! Are your students using e-textbook nows?
Al Capone’s business card stated he was a ‘Furniture Dealer’. Coffins count as furniture don’t they? You lie in them!
A 5-hour energy drink is helping the fact I still haven't slept, but I'm 99% sure my eyeballs are cramping.
Remembering our veterans today. A shout out to my dad for his service in the USAF. See you in Feb. Susan
he sucks!
She killed it with kisses
Me thinks Adam will choose Carla
no worries. You seemed to have quite the busy day
Damn, 110 degrees in Independence, MO today!!! #WTF?
Oh no, friend :( Hope you're feeling a little better.
Had a great night performing Spoken Word at NoHo Performing Arts Center and I'm grateful to Anik for putting it together. Much Love!
One forgives to the degree that one loves
My husband's optimistic perspective: RT : Using and all in one day. What a fun adventure.
David Wright gets those #Lakers calls
Middle of the night updates!
didnt even know was in #weboughtazoo until i saw it. great job colin!
Are you ready for #FPAC20 this weekend?! Visit www.filamarts.org to have your last minute q's answered - tickets, parking, dogs?!..REALLY!
I miss you more! Congratulations on your new internship! I want to hear all about it! Let's chat soon :).
They're crazy little bastards.
Hmm, thanks. Think I'll check out the local clock guys.
Leslie Winkel agrees to an interesting date with Leonard. Tonight at 6:30!
i dont even know what happened yesterday
lazy, lazy sunday. its really hot but really nice outside. what to do today?
lol but aye it's gonna be funny wen she get fat feom them steroids & nobody want her ahh
I keep my updates to Senior Circuit. Apologies
Bus is better for twitter.
ALWAYs up & ready Togo! Surf run swim weights & or church! Let's do this great day called SUNDAY!
Hey #libmade folks, it has been BEYOND great. Time for me to sign off and give my co-worker a much needed break! HUGS!
Congrats on your AWESOME Today Show placement !
Talk big, gotta live it homie!
I want oomf to come have dinner with me...
Never seen that show, but that sounds like Richie Farmer might be a guest star pretty soon.
I could freeze it. I'll have to see how this batch comes out.
prolly the same line of them coming thru. We need the rain.
i need this break, people are fake as fuck, there is only so much i can take
do you have any like put away like on a cd??
I hate going to the doctor <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
buck ass nude!
is here this week!! Check his timeline!!
“What we need is more people who specialize in the impossible.” – Theodore Roethke
im suppose to be going camping on 1st june but my parents wont let me talk my dog i dont want to go :/ xx
I'm not even gonna say anything yet ... #PacersTime .
That said, I would still rather take Welbeck and Sturridge to the Euros than Defoe and Crouch but we know that won't happen.
I never would have imagined how many events that have NOTHING to do with us show up in #GoogleAlert for the term "Clark CSM"
but i wanna see him a pac fight
at tonight. Then MGM tour in the morning.
Yayyyy. A Walk to Remember comes on at 9:30!<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Proposal: a category of dress code btwn #casual & #businessCasual ... to be called #richHipster designer jeans and fancy shoes
Spent the day with my Martorana posse. Those apples didn't stand a chance against our skilled pickin'!
oops fail
What I recently started doing: submit a patch to a module ridding it of unneeded CSS.
Yes! But he really hit his stride during the Clinton administration. Ask him to do it for you sometime.
We got a discount from Bloomspot but you should join us! RT speed dating? I want in!
Ashes to ashes Dust to dust If it wasn't for my Ford my tools would rust.
Ugh.Gotta capitalize on power plays.#ILoveHockey RT Still 0-0 lack of success on power plays killing us
GOT IT!
Fairness and Equality was one of them..only second to Shakespeare and Religion...:)
Ok. Bt I might freak out and not do it but still! Ugh! Dx
I was in a good ass mood yoo
Just signed up yesterday, and I'm in love with it (just in time for Valentine's Day)!
hate this hate my life i hate my bullies bye
I lovvveee you.
You knw wat its ok to say they can't stop me, why not ,I have a point to prove. Understand the nature of the game
We are closed today. My youngest has pneumonia...open tomorrow 10-6 sorry for any inconvenience-have a sweet day
White parents make their kids eat cherries. Black folk make their kids eat jelly beans.
yea I moved out to Mexico like two weeks ago. Pokerstars has not been welcoming.
9 hours from now will be interesting.
Then ATL. Head to and do fun touristy things like the Aquarium (gives the Shedd a run) and World of Coca Cola!
sense of humors so dry it's like sandpaper lol too much I like an easy 7 level thought process "thinkers way" not that it's that serious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
good luck - id def do the same of I was in VT.
Never watched the #nfldraft before, but this shiz is fun!
I'm, like, totes grumpy.
Happy St. Pattys Day! I suggest green vinyl today.
how long did it take, one min?
Do all dogs have a relentless hypnotic stare where they telepathically tell what they want?
nicely thought out:)
Eating breakfast at 2? I love summer
Jeff city
DEFINITION OF "EX": Thanks for the EXperience. Our time has EXpired. Now EXit my life.
Hiring! Aerospace design engineers in Puerto Rico. Gas turbine jet engine experience (design, structures, CAD, CFD, FMEA, propulsion).
in case any one wants to tweet them as well as I did already. We'll see if anything is done from either.
V Jax, Rice, Nelson, Decker. Need 2 PPR. Thanks.
after a million years of FIFO solving actual, consequential, problems -- we rLeft2 run on emotional vapors
Check out updates to GolfWashington app. What do you think?
A lot of our students will be writing cards for #holidaymail this afternoon! We're excited to mail it off.
you still haven't showered?!
i invented that!
Thanks... Never been there.. Maybe I'll check it out.
real world problem solving that requires help from other to accomplish.
Doug Melvin was just interviewed by on 620. Said "not gonna happen"
Got to record some this morning:)
Phew, glad it all worked out! Thanks for the shout out!
Thanks for the retweet. Sorry you went to atm
If someone breaks your heart break their face and go eat some ice cream.
Inspired by Curation Nation, I'm cleaning up my Twitter lists. More niches, only brands/people I really like.
Top Latin Music And Salsa In Denver
Cliff Lee, jewelry, apartment accessories and an amazing dinner - Santa is obviously obsessed with me.
My new #art #series is going to Have a lot of #royalty it's going to be #dragtastic stay tuned Folks Good friday out now
need suggestions for easy-to-use drupal module for managing event/workshop registration, comm, hopefully w/ calendar
happy born day to my lil nigga
#fishfry, fish tacos and rushing waters trout on special tonight!
It's really early.
The world look so brandnew to me now that I found love.
can i favorite that like a billion times please?! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
NY re-inventing itself this week #techstars and API conference tomorrow.
go to bed man lol!
spoke too soon
": We dont sleep round HERE we take cat naps ."
thanks for finding me! reading your job hunting articles as we speak!
Sexy Celebrity Legs: Guess Who! (PHOTOS) Check out those gorgeous gams! Think you know which celebrity boarded a private jet Thursday to
Diablo Cody describing Juno as "outsider art" on WTF is about as irritating as every other description of firmly inside "outsider art."
YEAH!! that's my girl right thur
Relax....it's Monday!! Beat the heat and avoid a case of the Mondays poolside today at in the !!
sound great. Julian "i have no idea what I'm saying!" "let's do this shyte!" ha.
on the contrary "Me not addicted, Me scared" was hilarious/memorable....
Nice win today Old timer!
When your friends be around you ignore me but they ain't there and u send me a text every minute!
You're connected to everything. It feels like i'm suffocating.
cowboy man and you know this
ok I just have to say this: I love your hair, its so amazing!!! kbye(:
#IfIRuledTheWorld people who are not millionaires would not be allowed to vote.
Recording Are You Gonna' Be My Girl tomorrow with the new band member and new band name! "The Plot!" :) We are gonna' rock pretty dang hard.
Will u plz follow me i love u with all my heart :)
I need to start being more grateful for what I have.
follow because they all say yes ma'am to NO MAAM
First day back in the ol' office after our holiday break last week...soon we'll be in new office space in this new year!
Now using for iPhone 4... Pretty sweet. #nice thanks for a great app,
Mention thx returned...make it a great wkend!
your welcome thanks for watching
NP! Can't wait till 2nd season...I need to look into how you all pick panel members. I know a couple great guys for panel.
I won't pick up.
I am in Portland...be back Monday
Of course Patrick Kane goes to Mifflin AFTER I graduate.
in the beginning I thought the score seemed about right. After this week, not so much!
Any of you tweeps out there bloggers/journalists that cover urban revitalization projects/events? GREAT even coming up. Msg me to attend!
work overload, caffeine overdose, body that won't cooperate. lovely morning. headed to nara soon.
Topic on Sex Suite log on #Spring love
could not have said it better......: Good teams make the playoffs, the hot team wins the championship"
CF-Bro I should say
Thank you to all of the new followers. It's hard promoting a film on your own and getting the word out so I personally appreciate you guys.
Not trying to be rude, but your dick gets less action, then a white crayon.
I miss
Just add Ted Nugent and everything's cool.
100% agree. That's what being Greater Than is all about!
I tried to be gentlemen but that just made her blush I tried to be Romanic she couldn't stand and slapped her on the ass and she went nuts
Wtf just happened on glee?
3 Hurt When Car Hits Apartment Building
God knows your "yesterday". Give him your "today", and He will take care of your "tomorrow".
Join TNT to raise money for cancer research & have some fun during one of our events! We have lots to offer!
Justin Bieber inspires me, because he tought me to Never Say Never (: <3 & i'll stick to that. I just wish he noticed me. <'3
What you call dog with no legs? Don't matter what you call him, he ain't gonna come.
That right there, was the lowest of the low..
Lol good one and very true. We shouldn't forget that their are classy ones like
Fellow fans, you can listen to CU's new album for free on today. Comes out next Tuesday!
Hey fast food companies, stop adding "bowl" to previously existing foods and trying to persuade us that it's a new food
Getting addicted to "The Kennedys" with pear vodka in hand. That JFK was a true American hero and horndog.
We are playing THIS FRIDAY NIGHT @ Copperfield's & we'd love to see you there! Can we send tix??
#Brewers on the radio. Large glass of wine. Grill smell lingering. I feel like should be here with me.
: we'd be happy to give you a shoutout on our blog. Got underwear pics?
then I guess not because I was thinking eggs
just hanged out with friend and now im getting ready to watch #Raw pretty soon
Grading done. Semester over. I should feel relaxed just any second now, right?
and yet, you wouldn't want to live solely eating bananas.
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! ! #7bars<3!!
Good morning everyone. It is early! Everyone made it through tuesday or aka musicians Monday.
Do you tweet? We do too!! Join us!! We love new followers!!
I really need a car wash.
They just saved both crews... Why didnt they do that 3 seasons ago?
Elton, with a most satisfied smile
I wish I was busy too. LOLOL! I am praying for it.
I had written off online dating...but I'm going to try this.
Hoping for a free jersey here at #TheWolff not looking good...HUGE turnout! :)
Texas' defensive coordinator is named Manny Diaz. I think I had a 1990 Donruss card of a guy by the same name.
Listening to my babys Beautiful voice singing is just as peaceful to me.
We just made the simple but mighty blueberry crumble over vanilla gelato. It don't need to be complex to be great.
lessons learned in our oh so fabulous and fun life. lmao.
Yes it is RT : It's just so much nicer when someone makes you smile more than frown.
If i had the moment, id capture that moment, and you would be right here next to me;*
follow back? Lol
I feel like I am the only guy who likes Chris Brown's music and dancing...
I'm supporting #cancer awareness on #curepals,
paperwork for various projects. (Ugg) But I got it done and each of them worked out really well. What a relief! You?
Just attended staff tour for new show Snapshot. Can't wait to spend more time in the Vuillard gallery.
Company luncheon was good today!!!!!!
Thanks! Hoping there is some enjoyment in there, lol.
ohh it was good n u
I swear !!! In my Life after all I been through, saying "I tried my best" ain't good enough ! #RealTalk :-/
Congrats to on her wedding! Dreams do come true!
Wow, congrats! :)
Im glad I chose not to eat
At the fundraiser tonight-- amazing to see great leaders in one room to support students and learning. Thanks
Let it be known that you are committed to improving the quality of video games
Spring break starts tomorrow!
31% of online display ad's go unseen...if that and social media is all your doing to market your company, you need to add some print
Got my fuzzy socks on and some comfy jammies, Popcorn and Chocolate Now I'm about to watch the Lion King with my babe Marissa! Night Kids<3
I was just told I have a sexy voice. Thanks for the support Uncle Freddy!
Petrovic jersey FTW
Rat Burgers! Mark, Clint! Lot of good cars in that mess.
Stand Up for Students Comedy Bash was a tremendous success. Thanks to our supporters!
Driving the ranger :)
Ever fight/defend the right person in an argument, and then the right person does something else afterwards dat just fux up the whole point?
Thanks on both fronts! Was shocked by VC reaction but just learning abt that industry now.
Less broadcasting, more conversations, we agree!!
Best movie ever, Seriously intriguing RT : Stumbled across documentary "Catfish". Look into creepiness of Facebook stalking.
AT&T is doing an awesome job correcting a billing error since my upgrade to the 4S. Love the business account, less wait time.
RightFit for the #Bears: Mario or V-Jax? Why not both?
Where are u from And also your food talk got me hungry
oh boy who is that?
yes absolutely!
Getting ready to go teach EJHS drumline with
Cookies help.
Tomorrow is Lumpy Rug Day – a day to celebrate & appreciate a good rug. We’re offering Wild Wednesday rug pricing on 5/3!
I only went to Midtown b/c I had a bunch of things I had to do at home. I got The Guild but not Serenity. :( Oh well. I got a
Everyone's a critic, when you're as great as #Cuse, you can't have slumps like these other schools
I love it down there :D me and my family plan on going there n the Spring time
word...but thas cuz there's something wrong wit both of thm
Men aren't supposed to be able to actually WATCH us get our makeovers...we're supposed to just be gorgeous. What kind of system is this?!
~ Calling it a Night.
Bitches need to fuck with RokkstarMoneyGang!! You cant do big things without us!! I know!!
Sippin on belvedere fennel shrub? Fancy martini.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: No matter who you call family, we wish you and your family the warmest most loving holiday & New Year ever.
I adore your profile pic. You have always been spectacular. XO
yo, have y'all seen my video yet?
haha ima b bigger than tyler 2, i let him know on his way 2 his car after he got out the weight room 1 day
you got named dropped on the radio this morn during the glen beck program. Nice.
that's all well and good but PLS tell me you're rooting for your native #Tigers over them M's!
Richard Driehaus sees the answers for our cities ills in the past. Check out Allison Arieff's Q+A w/Driehaus on
Cannot wait For #Believe!! #40DAYS..HURRY UPP!!!(:
At least a text. Lol I'm sorry twitter for abusing you.
fighting set to 100?
I kinda sorta have a crush on a boy.
Off-the-grid-super-moon-meteor-shower-Cinco de Mayo weekend in an Airstream in Big Sur. Let the fun begin!
thanks for all the love!
someone who was at a club with Niall the other day..
Thank you so much for your support. It's been such a hard decision.
nah not buzzys!!!!!! Blast from the past!
The lineup for tonight's HTL show is like b.day and Xmas! RT : Who needs presents anyway? These shows are my presents to myself!
Loved sharing the stage with you and it was indeed my honor to be with you and
I just saw your video of the Hotel Churchill in SD. - Thank you. (Love the reflection).
Just want to send a special shout out to for making me really sick. Awesome.
Tomorrow TJMaxx stores in Orlando Fl will start campaign 4 #autismawareness month plz donate if u visit TKS
Aw shucks.
Look for me on the #Pistons broadcast. Right behind TOR bench
Parents, stand up for the upbringing of our children!!! Fight for your parental rights as parents!
Promess tomorrow wil be NAVY YARD!
I am very disappointed in the
Loling at all the partiers that go to young life.
AGREED. RT : I wonder if we can get Adele to sing something by Whitney tomorrow night?? That would just be the ultimate tribute!!!
holy shit. Cell phones, outside food...absolutely not. Toddlers in a PG-13 flick. No problem.
Shane's best round...still fighting...in vain..but still fighting
Thanks for the Retweet! For the love of
Epic workday I must say!
The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart.
Rudy is the 1%. x) jk RT : Made a bank account and looking into working as a bank teller. Oh yeah! ;)
Speaking of H.D. Woodson, and #Ward7's Education Council have the Education Forum there on Feb 29th.
thanks so much for following us! -Jared, P143
Somebody there had better be making you cookies. Thats all I have to say.
So many great influences in my life, including my mother. Happy National Teacher Day!
Even better, all the nurses and doctors who saw me looked at my chart and went, "Oh, honey, I'm sorry! Happy birthday!"
What was your favorite #SuperBowl commercial?
Heading to Phoenix for NASPA Annual Conference this weekend! Come find us in Booth
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead Quite a few. ;)
hmm, good point. I will pay closer attention to the non-corona adds now. Corona adds just seem so uppity the more I watch them
i love my bestfriend to death&honestly i have no clue what i would do with out her<3(: happy
never to much! Think I'm going to now too!
Guess I'll be voting for a #Republican this go round!
hey brothas wanna hang?
Thanks to Bill for his call about Afghanistan. Let me know your thoughts on our involvement & their economy - e-mail .
you're very talented... This is beautiful!
I use dropbox all the time, mostly for trading audio files for recording sessions. Good stuff.
The concept of space is overwhelming. Saw the Hubble IMax film today and cried a little. Of course I cry during just about every movie.
everything is really great so far :) getting a lot of information very quickly, but also jumping right in!
Another early morning here at the 101. Lots on our plates today. It's good to be busy these days! Enjoy the summer weather this weekend! :)
Gun show this weekend Antonio Event Center.
#askToni-i have lupus & I'm trying to stay optimistic b/c I've got a lot of lbs to lose.Thanks 4 sharing your story!
thinks it's an awesome idea
It implies that he's never been to a supporters' group tailgate/stood in one...which can't be right, can it?
#WhyDoIHaveTo prove myself to my "friends"
you know that's right. They better switch it up or I will change the channel.
Preparing for LA Marathon: What You Need to Know
haha yeahh best night ever<3 did you have VIP?
no, but I spilled a glass of cranberry juice down my beige pants...
SCHOLARLY TIP: National Geographic is always good for at least one tribal boob.
awesome idea!
more like "boo!!!"
Just going to take my new follower as a HELLA big sign that I've assimilated into NoCal
okay? Thanks.
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho is incarcerated aka locked up, in jail/ prison
"She glides into a chair by her mother, rests her chin on her hand, and gazes into the immensities."- NOW I ASK YOU
Its been a hectic day
im feeling so down right now :( :( anything you could do to make me smile? follow me maybes..
RT : We had a great time tasting all of the wines at Really enjoyed them!
Live it!!
Crowley, you're guilty by proximity.
I jus think it's too much food on top of each other
The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom. -H.W. Beecher
Haha staaaap lying! So if we have a cute contest the score is Loser Liliana: 2 Robert: 10000000 ;D
Ok! But what song?
#ExtraordinaryMom is my mom
Check out the newest courses SafetySkills has launched:Basic Hazardous Materials Management & Electrical Safety for the Oil and Gas Industry
Our Citizenship Class in Spanish starts at 6:00pm. Remember to use the side doors, not the main entrance!
Thanks for the RT Ryan, have a great day!
Special is when we are present, when we have eye contact, when we say what we mean and mean what we say. That can happen anywhere, anytime.
Mom: don't forget to bring me back something from Spain! Me: A son-in-law? Mom: *hangs up*
Oh my God, old polish man on the bus, get off your cell phone. OR AT LEAST STOP YELLING!
I don't get the backlash against the Kindle for not being "blind friendly." Not everything can be! Are iPhone's blind friendly?
Working the poll... Another special election
Kk keep me posted
Feels like paradise today in Baltimore! Thanks Mother Nature for the relief...
I recommend
loving how the chair umpire pronounces "deuce" as "dyussss"
probably not.. i think i have acquired like 4 parking tickets in the last month
Don't make a sock-filled ball with my heart.
for a low-budget christmas, dont give iTunes gift cards, just write "thepiratebay.org" on a piece of paper and give that as a gift
So many choices! RT banana ginger,butter pecan, oreo, marscapone fig, mango yogurt, peppermint, rosemary olive oil, SALTED CARAMEL
Two great meetings w/ Ohio Senators--they are interested in sponsoring a bipartisan bill to reform immigration!
#ColeWorld. But it's hot out dough.
will do!
Public Pool 'Enraged Will Inherit the Earth' closing party: Metal Dungeon & Monster Island. Beer from Traffic Jam. 9-midnight. Free.
no just lookin for one. We're starting a biker gang.
Team CeeLo's wig tonight!
<U+2764> and appreciate u B! Always know that I'm extremely proud of you. Tonight you showed out for real...for real!
Its a great day to be a
sure ill send ya some $ u drinking top shelf am guessing right :)
The amount of love someone feels for you is inversely proportional to how much you love them.
i am.!.aha jkay:p
that's what's up.
30% OFF HAS BEEN EXTENDED THROUGH TODAY! LAST DAY TO SAVE 30% OFF YOUR ENTIRE PURCHASE!
Thank you!
no clowns? You've really slipped now!
. I found you need to advertise a day ahead. Pacific time for the promo. East coast is going early. 1/3 of mine went by 9:00 MT
Hello there folks!!!
Hey friends be sure to hear and on tonite!!!!
Fluoride at the dentist <<<
when he txts you first
Under a cave?
RT : cheers. Plus filmspotting interview was cool
Happy Friday!! :)
awwwe shucks thanks :)
car sat nav info blog: Happy with this product! GlobalSat BU-353 ...
someone? I have a name you know lol
We have FREE Rolling Rock from 6-8pm tonight! Enough said.
Happy birthday Maggie! Have an awesome day! I'm sure you'll keep on celebrating until Coachella is over. Cheers! :-)
Nothing is more annoying than being in a bad mood for no apparent reason and being asked, "What's wrong?" over and over again.
The body is your temple. Keep it pure and clean for the soul to reside in. ~B.K.S. Iyengar
English fellow just leaped alone at the Chelsea goal...couragious!
You've been acting real tough lately, smoking a lot of cigarettes lately, but I know inside you're just a baby
Teen Nick.
No gatorade? The fuck! They should call bodegas inconvenient stores instead
fear and loathing LML #
Ain't nothing but a gangsta party <U+E30A>
I meant to say that I wouldn't dare!!
The Burger King and Dairy Queen preside over a kingdom of vegan persucution.
My husband is so cute when he tells me "stop shopping for the new house". He says it like he thinks I'm listening.
glad you enjoyed! kitty corner from my house.
I'd like to know what all these wasps think they're going to FIND once they get into my house.
Happy Hump Day... Guess I wont b sleeping alone tonite then lol
Unexpected texts >>>
Free drinks all night baby Let me know when u need saved. The word is banana pancakes
Luke Bryan is kinda the man.
well i wont be able to this weekend but maybe the next. Cant wait. (:
I've never seen a guy lose a game this big twice...
btw the crazy lady is laying down on her porch. Like ON the porch...
Okay, you got what you wanted & didn't even say thank you to your parents? ...
what did you think of the ending man? I was disappointed
Thanks for the #FF Erik! Hope you have a great weekend.
#mstreetbeach get there
That awkward moment when ur starring at someones ass and they flex their ass cheek
;; I like fishes
I love and how much he embraces wisconsin (the state)...and that he has Indiana going far in his bracket
planning CEU event in conjunction with an evening w/ NYC dates to follow.
I am now a proud member of
SO thankful found my IFB earpiece... I misplaced it on his desk Friday & he didn't uncover it until yesterday!
Some serious storms around. God is pissed about Amendment 1! ;)
Thank you for stepping in when we needed it the most. Your call for followers meant a lot to You made a difference.
Don't let your money be wasted for nothing - - Check out the only affordable but great Pests Exterminator services @ tinyurl.com/yelv6qq
I <U+2665> EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! \[.,________.]/
agreed should see the madness i have been writing. haha
oh Twitter, be gentle to me as i am new here. Looking forward to realizing the potentials here and connecting with good thoughts & materials
RT When people ask me if I'm mad at them or are u ok, i jst say yeah I'm cool but deep inside I'm hurt <|3"
Just when I thought I wasn't getting any more presents, two cars full of nuns drives past me.
Hey Boston! What type of music do you want in the highlight videos?
Hey can u scratch my cooter
SPECIAL MEMBER OFFER TONIGHT!! Come in for $2 upgrades all night! Just mention that you saw this on Twitter or Facebook, and you'll be set.
#sdmayornp Filner: look at what I've done. Art is what a great city does. Dumanis: you know what I've done. I'm a CEO.
You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old. George Burns
When I finally get over you, there you go again reminding me why I fell for you in the first place
But I would sure like that. What's up this weekend?
"You may not be responsible for getting knocked down, but you're certainly responsible for getting back up."
OMG, i cant wait to have a prank war with my boyfriend.
The news for John Travolta just keeps getting worse.
thanks for the tip!
Is that for a specific game?
I hope 2012 isn't as shitty as 2011. Happy New Years(:
Dressing up tonight? If so where are you going?
#schoolmemories spending my time in AP English watching Pixar movies.
Heading to nashville this weekend for the NWTF convention.
Balak ? Being your school girl ensemble.
and at every intersection!
Been buried under music. The deeper I get, the more I can breathe. The more I breathe, the more I can Live in #Love. #thankgodformusic :)
your branching blackis to SD?
I'm gonna give our 800th, 900th & 1,000th follower a #Free CD! Good luck tweeters! And As always Thank you for the
Good Night to all my followers!!!
get them to give me the shout outs instead! I just won a playoff game!
Nerdy psychology joke: What kind of therapy should someone with DID get? Group therapy! hahahahah
"The Fortune is in the Follow-Up." Brilliant advice by Jody Johnson.
Really looking forward to the Ladies of Launch Pad meeting tonight to brainstorm an awesome project or 2 or 3!
Want a 5 sec way to give your website a new look? change the background color. Most visitors will know something is new but not what
I <U+2665> EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! ;-)
"Cocky or confident? Quite frankly, IDGAF how u feel"
people always to chase after you dreams, well when its right in front of you, its scarier than you think! #nervousasfuck!!!
Tiger has already been in them in person. Shaft, Balls, and all. Tiger Woods is the man! #chronictigermasterbater Here!
its okay.
The Las Vegas airport is one of my favorite places to people watch
I thought people were headed to Buffalo Billiards. On my way in ten.
Another student's name was Shithead... any guesses on this pronunciation?
kickin it in the shop with this chick ayyyy!!!! follow her!!!!
Thanks for the RT about the New To You Clothing & Accessories Swap yesterday! <3
Just landed in Ft Lauderdale. Goal is to put in > 20 hours at the tables... I'd be fooling myself if I didn't include a beach day or two
I was proud to be on the big screen at the #mubb game wearing my T-shirt and showing my support!
Too bad they don't make better beer to go in those bottles...
just peeked at your work for the first time; it is magnificent.
I've had old death cab on repeat for two weeks now. Anyways, come to tonight's show at Mississippi Pizza. @ nine.
Hey Georgia AFRO Street Team! Your street team packages have been mailed. Promote dat shit and get free admission!
Yes. I wanted to knock him over for that one. Ah, memories.
RT : President 's mass atrocities board will convene for the first time today at the
#SHOUTOUT TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS #THANKZ FOR FOLLOW ME"
Hey good lookin'. Come here often?
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included.
Why? What Happened? Do I Need To Beat Someone Up? Cuz You Know I Will! :P Haha Jk :P
we should never have ever been aloud in that class
this week will be awesome
Available soon! 2 Brand New, Earth Advantage Homes with Accessory Dwelling Units on 647 NE Sumner St. Great close in location!
RT : "The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do."
Okay played my song im good now
NW: Johnny Test
recently just got my tickets for Action Item+Andy Grammer!!
S/o to my new follower
......WHY ARE ALL THOSE WOMEN MARRIED!!?
Sweet man, I will look forward to that!
nice little rivalry between border schools (first sweep since 95-96 I think) is storm worthy, don't you think?
What if I went to Vegas , got drunk ,got married to a random dude ! I would hope he was cute. . But I wouldn't know what to do !!!
would have been easy for you to pop by
now? Can this show get any better?? #superbowl2012 who else will show up???
Good Sex/Head
Portland was great! On my way home... quick stop in San Jose ;)
Let's officially designate January 14 "Dead Of Winter Day." Summer's a faded memory, Spring Training is still a month away. Happy DOWD, all.
call me wen u get off
We are not believing anything you say today!
Good morning Brian - Kurt at promoting ... Have an awesome Thursday!
Good evening, Irving! Hope to catch you on your doorstep tonight.
Did you realize that you can save $10.00 on a 5-Pack of when you sign up for our auto-ship program? www.citracharge.com
I knew that was coming. It is gorgeous in La Jolla. Melting due to past rain.
hahaha he used it as in "she tricked him with her vagenda" it was a lady spy
If you want a quality, act as if you already had it
Sounds good..Think you guys know my pick.
Prof passes out plant specimen and I play with it the entire class. He collects them at the end because they are poisonous
Shout out to my homie Nell he droppin his mixtape next week he worked so hard .
“: "Publish information that says 'This is why we are important to our community.'" #npx2012. such good advice
No, but we will check. Thanks for the heads up.
I'm beggin' to hear your voice, tell me you love me too...
RT really hope 2011 is going to be full of happiness, laughter, and exercise, and less drama and sadness. :-)
now i gotta think of a "get my mans to dunk on her in public" kind of retaliation. this cant fly yo.. cant.
Send some headphones man! Thanks
Super excited to see "Newsies" on Broadway tonight. Must remember not to sing along.
Leaky roof ? Soggy drywall ? Call Mr.D's we'll get that roof fixed and repair your damaged ceiling all in one day. Call Us ! 619-562-5848
That's kind of you -- thanks!
Where do you follow the UFC? I don't really want to shell out the $$$ for the PPV...especially for this fight
Just finished a new article on a great electro-pop band. Up in a few weeks.
Ready for the Knicks to take game 1
sorry to have missed you!
A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls.
Well that was a waste of a power play
TY again Hilton!
Yes! Last day of class with this lady
Almost 75% of the women on my list are at nail salons. Welcome back, flipflop weather.
Makesure it 's a vodka cocktail! RT : Fat Tuesday has only just begun! Come have a cocktail with us!
Thank you New Image Shelter for taking care of the most vulnerable & giving us the opportunity to #serve the greater LA community!
prove it!
Mike brown bout to get thrown out
I do the same exact thing and I'm not ashamed to say it :D
That is actually not such a bad idea. lol.
Going to make some turkey burgers and fries for
I'm in time of need real talk. #DM me fam
holly did you get lip butter in gumdrop? it's so sheer i'm so mad!!
If it ain't "the business" I don't even care to spend my time working for the man!
Hope to see you soon!! Thanks for the follow!
Mad skills.
You know I May Not tweet that Often but im Always Around.
That's a bargain worth making
The only thing she has over me is that she's 30 pounds closer to hibernation than I am.
Please recommend us to your friends. We would like to reach 25 so that we can qualify for our own URL ;P
yep I did
Great job tonight on Celebrity Creators
I think maybe I'll clip my toenails in IR lecture next week
Near a TV? Tune in, folks. RT : interview coming up soon on
Influencers get high degree of reach and ton of buzz, but advocates continue convo + emotional connection
Sure-But please copy someone else's that doesn't have XL geriatric type.
Susan Tucker of : Medicaid accounts for 25% of state budget. 33% of services are "carved out" of MCOs.
Chalk it up to the heat and finals.
OMG! I just saw an ad for a hitman style paintball tourney in seattle, Grand prize is $10,000!!!! Search craigslist activities for "last ...
Fixing my iPod first. RT : You know what to do
Bulls on parade.
#Sluggish is a huge understatement.
Good morning Twitterville!
New show announcement! July 1 with One Less Reason. More info to come! Stand by...
#np Gil Scott Heron & Brian Jackson - The Bottle
ohk come ! Knock at my aunts door
I BEEN TWITTING ON A IPHONE DUMB DUMB TWO OF THEM GOODMORNING LADY'S
Decide what it is you want to improve find someone with those qualities and ask them to be your mentor.
Working out kinda hurt my legs tonight. I'll do yoga in the morning. :)
Seeing lots of spooky Halloween skeletons has me wondering about the skeletal system. A human adult has 206 bones, but is born with more.
I hate saying goodbyes
WE LOVE YOU TIM!!! GOD BLESS!!!
I from Memphis so I roll with Memphis,TN nothing else.
Gatorade® National Boys Basketball Player of the Year: Jabari Parker
“: If u was ever my boy like on some chill often type shit ....uknow I'm not playing wit these bitches at all”
#fridayreads The Omnivore's Dilemma by Michael Pollan (print); Percy Jackson & the Lightning Thief (audio)
Hm...lunch at cheddars...I think so
Seeing a movie at 3 on a weekday is definitely the best antidote to feeling old on your bday- was youngest person there by about 40 years
I think I'm going to start ranking restaurants quantitatively by 'time to first bite'.
I randomly went to your blog yesterday and it wasn't working. Glad it's back! =)
tweeting about someone without tagging them in it
it should be posted on the new website in the next couple of days.
alright let's get this whole prom thing over with asap
This last month of school is going slower than the whole year did <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Reminds me of David Gandy... and we all know how well that guy is doing in life...Rugged
Cool front page article! We actually get the Sunday paper.
Art Fact- Edgar Degas produced 1500+ works depicting dancers during his career.
Your mind says 'quit' but your spirit says NEVER!
Way to go ! So glad you're on to balance out 's viewpoint.
let haters hate. happy easter 99
We have a couple new beers to check out: Brasserie Pietra Colomba White Ale & Brasserie Duyck Jenlain Blond!!
if you'd like your name hyperlinked in our homepage post, just lemme know
nice one.
In the fields of observation chance favors only the prepared mind. ~ Louis Pasteur
which Lexus dealership?
Uh your mother when I sucked that pussy dry.
new info: state officials say horse that was shot in Franklin Co last week was unintentionally killed by a hunter
RT : Do you think we'll finally get to buy a hover skateboard in 2012? < I got one. The package says helicopter not supplied
Bro my mama be trippin tho..
Thanks, Leah! How did you hear ab us? RT : Excited ab Chicago- Learn anything from your peers for free...
I love FALL!!!
Raise your hands if you called off work for Tigers' BB today!
OKC treated the Lakers like it was their first night in prison.
well then is a GENIUS
I'm probably late but happy birthday
just watched your TV appearance!
Mimosas are poured. Waiting on the croissants to brown.
hahaha I know right! :D
One Wendy's Baconator, coming right up!
oh ahha okay.
My nuts hang like it aint no curfew
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, and doing well whatever you do.
Mama always said… when you’re laughing out loud, you’re healing your soul !
: There have been 21 perfect games in MLB history.Josh Hamilton's four-homer game is only the 14th in MLB history.
Heard today: "WE ARE the change that we are waiting for.
music is life ..
aw come on... My sis saw it in Tampa
Made the softball team and got the lead part in my dance class(:
D.J.'s!!!! BLAST that music tonight make it bump! and included us in your Tweets to RT
Good luck doing whatever you're doing!
Woo hoo! You're a superstar alumna, Katie!
lol, I know. It doesn't even feel like I am tho.
Diets don't work! You need to change your lifestyle and the way U look at food. Our Transitions program is there to support U in this change
Bed soon
I love to slam the
can't wait until June 3rd! Holy SHITTTTT!
Neighborhood 3 unloads TONIGHT at 11PM! If you are able to help please contact Jessica DeRegnier ASAP!
Mario Rivera of the yankees Terrell Suggs of the Baltimore Ravens all have the same injury and of course Layla EL
Oh well it be that way sometime
Happy Mother's Day, sweetie. Hope ur enjoying ur day! x
RT : Join Us! Saturday, April 21st at Malapardis Park in Cedar Knolls, NJ, for the Greater Parsippany Bark for Life event.
meaning, I send YOU great vibes every day
thanks for the RT
went to Universal Studios Halloween Horror nights. Much fun!
Enjoying a beautiful Sat. after a very full week of coaching & prof. training wrkshps. Need leadership skills?
Off to to make the hair o' the dog for ya's. 1-7. Come keep me company.
Birdie on 16 today! Woo Hoo!
71 More Day Till 's B-Day!! Yay!
Glad you liked my presentation!
my absolute pleasure ... now hand over that boxty. ;)
im just saying
Clippers doing it again??
ive probably heard reasons before but why do most QBs decide not to throw at combine?
Haters <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> Did You Get an iPhone
Not at all. Gotta start planning. No social security for us.
'Bathtub' spelled backwards is still 'bathtub'. It's not, but for a second there, you believed me.
Agreed RT : If you have Netflix Instant, I highly recommend God Grew Tired Of Us - documentary about Sudanese refugees.
this sounds snarky, but i'm honestly asking: why can't you talk to them when you're with guy friends?
just realized I can follow Gucci Mane, life is so good
!!!!!! Are you trying to make me come to NYC to see it ASAP!? Because it might be working.
So work was long ... And exhausting but it is long over thank god I have a break I need it
So I'm one follow away from following 500... any suggestions on who I should follow!?
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. Don Marquis
Wow, that is amazing!
hey miss breaker of news, break out of your tech fishbowl and supply a link.
ever since you posted the video of you and filming(and you had a cricket in your mouth)I've been eager to see it!
I wish I could wear high heels to school.
Trying this morning run thing. Oy.
“: People who read your messages but don't text back<” thats you all the time! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Chillin..What's good!
Pear Salad, a striking combination of pears, avocados, tomatoes, cucumber & marinated chicken breast w/warm pita bread, $10
check out,"say your wrong" or "tell me im worth it" This is just to hold ya'll over for a few weeks till our single is released
It can be fun... I go in waves of being into it, then take time off. Fun to read other tweets though!
I don't get high off drugs,I get high off life and music.
Great visit with Jane, Leslie & Chris at Tomato Head, Market Square, Knoxville
All the episodes of Arrested Development season 4 will be posted on Netflix on the SAME day! Taste the happy!
Still doing online and hard copy acting submissions! I love what I'm doing so much..lost track of time! LOL...I'm ready for Jay Leno now!
Cooking eggs like a boss.
thanks I hope so
We spent last weekend hanging with Black Box Revelation. Look for a show review tomorrow & interview next week. Killer times!
[ATTENTION] The New Jersey Department of Treasury and Commercial Recording is closed today because of a blown transformer.
you a rapper but you aint catching on
thanks for the RT ;)
Same tweeter, sure, but maybe the start of Spring Pops puts new bounce in your tweets!
#eventprofs worst fear RT : Woke up from stress nightmare: desperately packing for 2wk trip to Brazil, flight in an hour.
RT : That was SCARY. I yelped at that high inside pitch to Castro like he was my own son.
Hahahah, the shit that runs through my mind?
looking for a compassionate, top-notch speech-pathologist contact Kristen Jacobsen Plus, check-out her new day-timer for students!
you see the DH is back in there tonight?
Thanks for the RT!
So shocked that is saying good-bye! They will be missed! They will now send out 3 National emails/wk on online finds <6.
#ificantakebackonething the ketchup off that burger I bought u
insect horror: Panama resort-Stayed in bamboo huts on the beach. With full moon saw all kinds of things climbing the walls.
Guy made monobrows sexy.
aren't prepaid debit cards just a bad idea generally. you are paying a fee to get to your own money.
I have so much homework to do by tomorrow
Why is everybody cheatin now an days? That's bs, if I'm wit you I'm only wit you. Fck everyone else. Man these ppl are postin depresin stuff
Not right now, but ... RT : Giambi is no longer effective. Is it possible Pacheco could replace him?
The mark of a good action is that it appears inevitable in retrospect. -Robert Louis Stevenson
I'm good, thank you love <3
You have to be someone special to know what Phapes means. 4 or 5 in the whole world.
Q1 - Where you at celebrating the release of #radioactive?
because you had 45 people to kill. i mean 45 minutes to kill.
OMG after all this exercising I have been doing I can finally now wear skinny jeans and look good and feel confident :D #YayForMe LoL what?
my answer is that the mfa shows a wider variety as contemporary than the ica which is lock step with the art fair market's whims.
body is an 8 face is a 5. Overall 6.5. Next.....
Revenge was fucking AMAZING and today is TVD I honestly can't fucking wait and I usually don't curse lol im just over excited
Limited bugs! RT : What’s the best benefit to #camping in #spring?
#saa11 plenary response: access to continuing ed an issue. Employers of contract archivists don't care about prof dev. Up to poor archivist.
ha!he was in and out. Was kinda chaotic after wackass Riff Raff.
looking for a Medical Director w/ agency experience in NJ
m the White Sangria is coming back in a few weeks!
please let Stefan and Elena be happy together, even though that's not a very good story line, it's all I want <U+2665>
Prepared for the worst but still prayin for the best :)
Love is blind, but marriage restores its sight.~~~~~~~~~~George Lichtenberg
Turns out that my roommates and I are semi-pro at going all #MST3k on #ChroniclesofNarnia: The Dawn Treader. Such a fun night!
do u know ? your last two tweets,make me think u should
Completing client's mid-year update video, aimed at all employees, and another client's year-end video, for their board of directors.
I'm not at work lol I was off today ok good night bff
Flyers fans booing Rinaldo's ejection as if nothing wrong happened is the sole reason I hate every person in that arena in orange
I love merica
...tech'em bout monopoly
can today just be over already ? #definitelynotmyday ...but you at least make me feel better... #ihaveaprettyamazingfriend <3
“: Hooters in pembroke pines. *two thumbs up*”probably the best hooters in south Fl
...what does that have to do with me?
That was 's piece, actually. (referring to my last tweet)
365 days of summer
Let's talk about the maverick...
I need a fucking ice bath.
About to go on LA Talk Radio with , lets see how many bleeps Dave gets.
Omg. I cannot believe I'm doing this. agkjhadl;dslagjal AH
Kirby Larson: the joys of being the bossy big sister!
But let me get to the point, lets roll another joint And turn the radio loud, Im too alone to be proud You dont know how it feels to be me.
: RT : Texas State Univer. Student Athlete Advisory Committee has mass collected tabs to donate to the RMH!
Can I just drink this bottle of wine all by myself? On a Sunday night? Out of the bottle? While not doing homework?
Bro I got 4 Months
I have a movie script to share. 3233539405 *christina the cuban*
I did! I hope you did too. :-)
that is not easy buddy
Trying to keep this already productive day going but running out of steam. Must. Finish. Website. Z
Dont miss the chance to grab $99 ALL-INCLUSIVE tickets to , promo code: "BigNightRocks" !!
i kinda wonder whether Scalabrine thought Stern was just being a hard-ass with the Rondo headband thing, for example
Pocket tens-always folding after the flop,sucks..
Luv it. compared social media to Bachelor mantra: "I put myself out there & got hurt". You will, but must take chances.
renny, ur givin a makeup class at the DMV? Thank God, some of those heifers need it,, just sayin..
Tired, i want to catch some <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
RT : IBM Could Become the Biggest Player in the Cloud: Last week, IBM unveiled a new offering ? IBM......
They have some tutorials on there but you can buy it for MAC or PC depends on your needs. I needed to get data from MAC TO PC.
- I'm in! Sounds fun.
Tylers coming over soon, messing around with Lightroom 3 and Apeture, what one is better in your opinion?
Great blog material!
Workplace #safety tip: Store your own emergency supplies (flashlight, walking shoes, water bottle, nonperishable food)
Let us know if we can ever join you
Living gives you a better understanding of life
Hmm, facebook isn't updating my twitter anymore. stink
Don know. However many want to say being poor determines yuor SAT scores. What were these students excuse for cheating?
Hi spence :) can we be friends?? tweet me yes or no
To be completely fair, so does Ryan Braun. Like him, would have no problem with it if he was on different team
It's seems easier for you, anyhow.
Menu after menu. FLYING AT MY HEAD!!!
RT Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. -Leo Buscaglia
It's getting dark! The show should start soon.
On my way to school with baby and she is so happy!!! Beautiful day!!
I think it's time I cross that line. C;
Welcome to LA!
Follow. Follow. Follow.
Donald Glover is such a G
"Never mistake activity for achievement." ~ John Wooden
Great day spent with wonderful people. Beautiful weather also... God is great!
i would go with a hug from Austin because he could hold me in his arms OMG! *dies*
Lady Gaga takes fashion from the mundane to the stratosphere.She has the most creative clothing designers and stylists in the industry.
God Bless and Go Broncos!
RT If you get to eat sugar cubes when you take LSD then sign me up.
The first atomic bomb, and he thought, "'Now, I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds.'" Now, in Los Alamos, a new Oppenheimer exhibit.
PLEASE send him my name
she could take you..
Back at work. Happy happy joy joy.
"There are a lot more people with good ideas then there are the funds for those ideas"#tedxcle #phillipniles importance of ideas data & dr's
I'd be interested in hearing the answer to that. Not that I was going to make the autobahn drive from Indiana...
It's ALIVE! 's first Prusa Mendel is up and running! Hoping to get it calibrated and printing tomorrow.
ITS HALLOWEEN!!!!!
Thank you! you rock!
1st run in 6 weeks post knee injury and I had an 11 min/mile pace and my knee feels good. Not bad. Cldve gone longer but I'm late for dinner
Lol it's crazy how some heads think so negative.
great choices! “: Ben Folds or Brad Paisley!!!”
I've been everywhere man searching for someone, someone who can please me love me all night long <3
#Clippers Vs
This peach slushie from sonic..... hm m m..... WHEW!
We have a few comfy booths that are the perfect size for your family and friends. We'd love to have you!
Ppl who have a twitter but never tweets <<<<
He does it on purpose so he has pine tar he can use while at the plate. It's why he always touches it.
Poll just released: 29% of Pennsylvanians think Rick Santorum has hurt their states image...really? only 29%?!?!
So excited for this weekendd. 2 more days :)
I cant wait for College man !!
I had a great day today! So glad GOD blessed me with this family.
I don't remember retweeting that last retweet
What a bunch of cowboys.
time management skillz been off. no smokin or drinkin till my birfffday. lets see how this goes
Say somethin' if you are feeling the vibe, Say somethin' baby don't be so shy, Say somethin' cause you are all in my head like …<3 :)
-- its a border rivalry.
and to u
“: one more sleep x have good show tonite and safe travels to Nash! !!! Xo” thanks! So excited for Nashville!!
wanna hangout!?
love the episode where bruh man borrows Martin's CD player.
A bit sleepy today, late night gig at the beach last night, might have a full show there soon. Will keep you posted.
oh yes lol. its like no wonder youre always so broke ha
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers
hitting Club #Nopants. z
Thanks for the RT! Hope everyone is well.
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
Don't forget the world ends today. If, you know, you have stuff you gotta get done.
Why did the stupid boy wear a turtle neck sweater? To hide his flea collar.
Latin Perspective has added new material to its web site www.latinperspective.net with much more to come in the future
I mean when people tweet things like, "ew I hate u" but you clearly have no idea wtf they're talking about.
Enjoying #aam2012 so far but I'm disappointed with wifi again this year. It shouldn't be this hard to share cool ideas.
old but sexy French model: Brigitte Bardot
Were you wearing overalls, too?
In theaters TODAY - IMMORTALS- watch the official trailer
RT : And we fucks wit you too! RT : S/O all my followers...I fuck wit y'all
“: Dogs are the best pet tbh.” - #CoSign!!! Always!!!
So I just shaved my legs and told my friend I was feelin my Legs she's like why? I'm all like THEY ARE SO SOFT!Lindsay said RETARD!
Lmfao. Naw, I hate dude that THINK they are hard. I will put them in their place haha :)
Damn i kinda miss THE BODY TAP
The #Heat really got to get it together...
well played.
you guys down for a road trip to see beat Chicago on May 12th?
It was oh so simple.
I think I take the best #Instagrm pictures tbh.
No that was link I gave him in PM. It is reason I dont give identity. I will direct message reason
You are very welcome!
Press opening for the SMOMA 75th anniversary tour today. Lots of great events all weekend long. Free and open to the public.
I saw a lifesize cardboard today and started tearing up! Haha I hope I get it for my birthday! I love you!(:
New demo video for our upcoming enhanced version #Jagimo video: bit.ly/igwEJb
Inna be coming out wit dem new summer jamz and I CANNOT handle it all!!
Today is the anniversary of Dr Martin Luther King's assassination. Remember this great #leader today!
Enjoy your evening #LoganSquare and #Chicago is beautiful even when it rains!
Wale - The Break Up Song (Full Official Version): via <3
"your wedding was awful...like a shark attack......at a sunday school."
If your getting three bid or quotes on a new system, how are you really going to know if they will do the job right
YES! RT : Long live Despised Icon!
Cirque du soleil is too bomb!
What a game!
i <U+2665> you miley<U+2665> i can't wait see one of your concerts<U+2665> i really want you to come to NYC [= Please RT???
boo...I have to decide whether I should stay here next wknd and go to the snake pit ball or go to Wisconsin. I want to do both.
lol! I know, I'm just a shell of my former self. I can't even look myself in the eyes anymore ;)
; Blessings Mike, I would love to have a signed copy of your wonderful book!! This is my intention.
bummer I won't be able to join you. let me know if you plan on hitting Tower.
Golden State Warriors Head Coaching job requirements: "Must hate Mavs; be named Mark Jackson" #
they diagnosed you.
Chef Geoff's Downtown is conveniently located 3 blocks from the WHITE HOUSE!
Wow! Just heard that MCA of the Beastie Boys has died. Prayers for the family. Hope knew Jesus.
This dude next to me has fubu on and the tag is still on it lmao
I hope that you're joking....
No Steph, I'm taking a break this year. Sorry to miss out on catching up with u. Any Chgo visits this summer??
wtf do you mean hat? -____- bro im trying so hard not to get pissed -___-
Thinking of changing my middle name to Superfly TNT. Thoughts~>
Abby C Smith is fantabulous. Follow her and come see her in The ToyMaker.
I like U of A better :-) but he may not Thanx for your thoughts. If it is between us and UCLA chances are good. I hear his dad went to T ...
Songwriting session right now!
Yep, more: And special thx to who's tweeted her Brit booty off at
just gettin up bout to cook come breakfast (:
well glad you are safe and sound! Welcome Home Soldier!
are you still in Australia?
Gotta root for the Big 12. Better teams in the conference means better bowl opportunities. I'll be rooting for OU tomorrow.
": Bitch, you missed me!!!! You love me!!!" Once again NEXT JOKE PLEASE! Omg your swore?!Who r u and what have u done to Z?
Swag On Deck Brah
thank you so much :)
Umm hey I just wanted to tell u tht ur still on my mind its okay tht I'm not on urs I just wanted to let u know u mean alot to me
I got this drink in my cup. Bright lights in a big city. Living in the fast lane for today feeling right yeah because I'm single for tonight
Thanks Joseph!
A lot of people call me bambi(: Hehe
she suck kim Who get a f--k think u tmz
TWITTERTHURSDAY MUSIC NIGHT CLUB & IS ALL DAT NEED TO BE SAID
Thanks for giving us some work to do today. And for the pizza.
How pathetic can you be?
Dear men, when you KNOCK A GIRL UP...dont deny the baby STEP THE FUCK UP!
Pro Forma => For form's sake
when you say hi to someone and they're a complete fucker elbow.
CHECKIN OUT SUM NEW EQUIPMENT AT GUITAR CENTER NIGGAS GOTTA UPGRADE
Reaching out to others through our pain & isolation can seem impossible but it is the only way we will reach the other side of it.
Use Drake. The kids love that.
Todays gonna be a good day. :-)
Accidents happen even in non-rented cars. Pricing risk is the question. And managing risk through veh inspections etc.
im dying to see the twins 3 month pics!!!
I feel like taking off the steel bracelet on my Nardin and going with the blue croc, too bad I can't find it!!! #BMF :( Still looking...
Why is Bachman trying to take on the HPV vaccine...I got it and I don't think I'm "retarded" yet
Softball dinner <3 #hilarious x
This day in 1901 Gugliemo Marconi sends first transatlantic radio signal -- and look how far communication has come since then!
wish I could say the same. I am spending WAY too much ALL THE TIME. Don't know where I got the idea that I had any sort of money.
I love you & that cat! Wish I weren't allergic :(
in the 2nd my b
Carla: Need to keep track of production history and all digital surrogates so others can verify findings in digital lab notebook.
fun times Jilly :)
Brunch at ZED 451 in a bit... post-opening
Greatly enjoyed speaking to the Jefferson Genealogical Soceity last night. A great group that is very organized and accomplishes a lot.
Circuit training (performing back-to-back exercises at a moderate to high intensity) is a fast way to burn calories!
Will Forte back on #SNL! This skit rules.
Smart kids or smart dads that had those kids? lol
you too!
Sushi for lunch ! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
His music is better, now to me. This is some real uplifting shit, though. Whoever "errbody" is is wack.
Dance like no one's watching xo RT “: Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.”
I love awkward moments but damn, that was AWKWARD...
Headed to Madison to scrimmage Bella Donna with Heist this afternoon for a couple hours. Before & after: more work on #mlanet12 poster.
You forgot
trying to locate EETT grants in the CCIP....they changed the web site!!
My cousin works in my dermatologist's office & I showed her my spot at a wedding last week & she looked really worried o_0
Don't rely on methods that keep you ineffective. De-program and re-program yourself to win.
(sound of me sipping my session-saving pumpkin flavored coffee)
Bruh May finna be a scary month
ya I'll give you give the credit. Have to live up to my role
u gonna have to share that pizza lol
You may not hear this enough thank you from the #BBN we hope and wish the best for you and your
AND PAUL AIN'T GOT NOTHIN ON ME .
dont forget about are date today (: haha
GET YOUR LIFE TOGETHER TOO STRAWBERRY
If its in the field tonight, better get it picked. Clearing chilies all day...
It's all good son
Vis art class is boring
im allabout i give the rest of the vowels back
Its wednesday! Great cause it a short day for school :)
Hot sausage poboy, pig feet, and praline cake... smh! Hello Nola!!!!
From Kentucky with LOVE !!!! You are the Best !!! Merry Christmas !!!
sure, followed. Follow back please.
Ardie was quiet and just out there on his own. It would have been neat to connect more with him.
Not sure who the bigger train wreck is. ??? #LindsayLohan or the
hehe, changed my username to LastNameMahone(: LIKE IT?
Until I remembered Iceland Food existed... I was pretty sure Stacey Soloman was the Brand Ambassador for the country.
Please excuse the frog-like delivery today. Been fighting this virus/bug all week
Let's go PAC-ERS.
is this about who I think its about...
good luck! miss ya tons cats thrusday?
they think hm maybe if i unfollower her good looks will rub off on me!;) BUT THEYRE WRONG THESE BITCHES!ur beauts<3 x
Okay WORLD I've managed to stumble out of bed and half-way put some pants on. What more do you want from me?
Yeeesh: RT One of my #badhabits are bitting my nails. I should really stop that.
You laugh at me because I am different, but I laugh at you because you are all the same.
Good morning and Happy Friday! Any big plans for this sunny day?
c'mon, what writer is this?
Thanks! RT The shelving of your podcast is very upsetting. For over 4 years I have caught every single episode and will miss it!
" LOOK! ..WTF was that!", "What?" *steals french fry*, " oh. nah never mind" lol yo ago eso
If he can steal bases like he steals tweets they should just let him play.
Jeez, I hear it's hailing in some places but in Huntley it's absolutely gorgeous!! :D
What the hell, Tuesday is "Double High Roller" night on Merge? They offer 2x $215 30ks that launch simultaneously. Sick
That's the way of the internet writer, no? Snark or go home!
tough night for the 3-man crew at Boston Garden.
Haha, yeah he was. That was very cool to see. He couldn't contain his excitement
that is the Core of Being a part of this MULTI-deminsional (Spiritual) Human Experience @ this point in Time. Ride the wave, be a part of IT
My daughter has discovered online gaming. She wants money for pixie diamonds.
I fear America wants to consume the 'swag' of black entertainers without having to confront their corporeal reality.
V.2 website update completed for www.ContraAlliance.com
I like your dress !
Watching the Soulfood series .
Slovenia and Austria clash over name of pork sausage; EU to rule - Washington Post
Just woke up from a long nap
Thats awesome. What song did you sing afterwards. Did you know about it.
It's my last production Monday at
Hey Katz. Hope everyone in the Buttons family made it through the storms. Keith
Agreed. But he needs to rebuild confidence to get back to where he was at beginning of last season. RT isn't that what...
crazy to think that all the ppl i met up here. i prob. wont see more than half of them again in my life
Hi Lauren, I'd like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand & connect with users. Follow 2 DM?
I hate to say this, but I can't freakin' stand Unity and am switching back to Gnome. Or, more specifically, switching to Gnome3.
Just followed Hilary Rosen and Ann Romney. Not sure what that says about me. Maybe the dumbasses at could let me know.
Today marks the first time that I've heard a person fart over the telephone. Hopefully it doesn't happen again.
My friend says to me, "I am not paranoid" and in the same breath asked, "Is that guy over there following me?" OMG!
Ha, something is wrong with you. RT : their dumb ass need to find a route without left turns
It's hot!
that's a good look homie.. u still chyning Puto! Congrats!
Still haven't found the perfect Mother's Day present? Take advantage of our Mom's Day giftcard bonus!!! Get 15% MORE!!
I'm determined to stay on track as you push to reach more success! :)
no problem!
and rightly so. You only get 10 for your lifetime. Use them wisely.
... and Rondo has the benefit of one extra game. Still a crazy number to look at
I lalala love him <U+E106>
Check out my website!!
Taking it easy...Tweet! ;-)
Tomorrow on #TranceParadise we have a special Chicago pre-party ep! We will feature live guest mixes from and !!
What's a good time to catch Steve or Teressa? I have been informed they may like the idea of a weather shout-out from Sydney. :)
I so agree with you. We won two titles with Tito! I will always support him
in the cut, rollin doobies up.
Great to finally meet you !!
That awkward moment when a girl says something like "Just say you have a crush on me" so I don't respond cuz I dnt like her o.o
What about the figure of the Oriental in the classic chess-playing automaton in relation to the mechanization of mind?
thrilled to learn you are enjoying yourselves. Please lest us know if we can do anything.
Shoutie to and Hello, people I've never met :D
Hey , I'm wondering if you were a fortune cookie writer in a previous life. You've got a gift for summation.
#notafan of ex-wives
All-white remake of "Waiting to Exhale," y/y?
dude! Phones are so dirty! 18x dirtier than a public restroom toilet handle. And you can't clean them with liquid or chemicals!
The best is yet to come...
Heyo!! Going to be in NYC in the morning for #nyfw !! Hope to see all my amazing friends.
#AIMSTech12 learning is natural. We shouldn't need 2 use coercive methods 2 get stdnts 2 learn. If u r, you're doing it wrong.
follow back
holy smokes You're not kiddin'
It was my pleasure!
ass the election nears the racist bigots and hate mongers start to show their ugly faces...
I don't think AJ playing will have a huge effect on Daniels, who's an over the middle receiver. Daniels over Hernandez 4 me
It's gonna be a long day.
Let's go to ! RT I am now HUNGRY FOR PIZZA (all caps intentional).
how long are you going vegan? i have some amazing recipes if you need 'em! was vegan for years
Apparently in North Carolina it's okay for first cousins to marry but same sex marriage isn't okay? Yeah, that definitely makes sense.
And I'm not even moving 2 miles...good luck getting to a completely different part of the country!
Omg already tearing up at Greys <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
You love sitting on what??
Ooh well im like fuck it!
I love you...so much...
Good Morning World!!! Currently at 8:08am on Atlanta, GA it is 61 degrees. High: 70* Low: 50*
Done bro, ya tweets is real doe! And follow 4 follow ?
Making a messy bun with straight hair is hard!
Had an aha moment during Reaching Forward yesterday. Will be creating a Wikipedia page for my library.
Hope you have a great Monday!
#KCM is great this month, as always!!!
Today we are across from Color Graphics- Sunset and Arville! 10 am until 2 pm
Collaborating with Ken Riopelle, Wayne State, doing network analysis of medical research articles based on similarity of semantic networks.
So laughing right now! Exactly.
I can sell you Lock money too
I should make a new twitter account dedicated entirely to my super-late night tweets.
all the time!
I have many gay male friends and I know how catty they can get. Worse than most of the women I know.
“Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.” - John Wooden
Getting started at bookclub talking about how to make change when change is hard.
Teaching CS: WVU pedagogues found surprising reluctance among other faculty to use their modules!
Driving home.. cruise control on, legs crisscrossed, now tweeting hahahah
FINALLY found another pair of long skinny jeans!
Jack in the Box!
Tryna fight this nap but I'm not winning...
#funfact Canada has more lakes than the rest of the world combined.
#kids Get up and Go at Westfield West Covina with Free Westfield Family Fun Days for Toddlers and Now Kids 6 & Up: Get up and Go at...
Twas a fun one though<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>RT : Aaaaannnd we're coming to a screeching halt before we're back in line again... :/
I have lol
quick quiz to check if you or a loved one has an eating disorder
the 22 magnum is legally classified as an addictive substance I'm pretty sure... ;)
I worked hard to be in the position im in right now, this shit didnt come from luck.
Damm I missed it?
Love my tard. <3 miles away and he can make my day soo much better.
Growing fan base >>> makes the game SO live!
well we are #BOSSES #WINNING! #foreveralone hahaha!!
I need to find a restaurant that can hold 40 people for this Saturday night in Virginia Beach ASAP - if you know of a place, please help!
Trying to figure out the crazy highways in the DC area.
I love foreigners man <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
just kidding! Sorry rachael!
Join us tomorrow in LOT 13 before the Chivas USA vs Vancouver game for food, GREEN BEER and JELLO SHOTS. Alcohol is for 21 and over only!
Good morning, people of Twitter.
Happy New Year , everyone (: 2012 <3
RT : RT : A4 fish-out-of-water syndrome: hard to change habits
Our baby daughter is now 11 days old, mommy, baby and daddy fine :)
It's hammer time!
Aurum Studios in a few... working on this Compilation Album
I need some followers I will follow back......
#What2ChainzWouldSay 2Chainz, got my guap up, fuck with me you get chopped up, fucked your girl she knocked up, pass the keys, STOCK-TON !!
I did mine at blogspot.com but have not done much to it yet. Been trying to figure out where to start
I was sure the old fellow would never make it to the other side of the curb when I struck him.
Time waiting doesn't have to be time wasted. Abraham, Moses, Joseph they all waited & God used them greatly!
Amanda Knox is not guilty of murder
no?! Wait maybe. Kind of. Hahah
Thanks for following!
-then again, ive changed. none of us are the same ppl we were a few months ago. *sniffs* i guess thats just hitting me more
Albert Brooks as villain in Drive is jolting when you primary know him as Nemo's dad.
ok I'll take ur word for it
Here we go again. If Obama or his camp said something akin to the Bachmann's "tar baby" comment the faux rage would never end.
Perfect patio weather! "For Tonight and Saturday - starting at 5 PM Blue Canyon's Patio Bar is open!"
on the 950: Floyd Landis owes listeneers an apology and an explanation as to why he lied thru his teeth and why anyone should believe him
DEAR MONEY, I love u!
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ A witty saying proves nothing.
Yea! #200km for me too. See you on the road.
hear hear!
(con't) the order I didn't place or if whoever has my account randomly bought something else & didn't cancel it...
can't wait to see you again on #DWTS and hope you stay longer and hopefully even win this season :D
you're welcome
and she gives me all her trust and im abusing it right now but this money coming in is just confusing shit right now
The English believe a spider found in a wedding dress means good luck. Really?
I might be there in a couple days ;)
ahaaaha! remember the asian guy who was following you around The dubai mall=))? maganda maganda
thanks for the RT!
Latest results from Friday night: Mike now ahead 2,384! #seamayor ^ec
I wonder who on the phone ? <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
...and there's the arthritis pain....luckily, one hr to go...
This is just a fling. MAKORRA SHALL SURVIVE
Hey Matt - are you going to WCUL convention in a couple weeks?
WELL WHAT'S YOUR PLANS
Hey guys! What shows are you looking forward to seeing this summer?
"Paradise by the Dashboard Light"? Really, #Glee? REALLY?? Holy "inappropriate-for-show-choir-competition" song, Batman....!!
HAAARRIBLE headache... Can not sleep. Planet earth is not helping.
I think the apartment complex next to mine has a vancancy; it has all those things
Happy Mother's Day to my amazing momma!! I couldn't possibly ask for a more kind, loving, and wise mother. I love you!!!
Looks like ball game. threw a bad ball. Great game for him, until that pass.
I love this! Thank you! I do poetry pairings on my blog on Thursdays. Would you mind if I posted this and linked to you?
Snowing in March...again!
I seriously doubt that with Norris going tonight & Happ tomorrow. GK today, JL tomorrow.
"Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times mor
Haha. We're glad. And can't wait until others follow your lead and do the same!
that's exactly what I thought lol
I assume from that screencap that #Plus allows you to segment your dawgs into Epic Bros, Brohams, Jabronis, and Bromosexuals.
that's what's up
Post your recital info @ http:www.morethanyouthought.com so COCA can share it in an e-mail to almost 4000...
That acceptance speech rocked Dave!
Florida is awful it's only natural their roosters are unhappy.
like, dis be the best thing that has evar happend to me on youtube!
plan on it! Still trying to get my wireless figured out, but that's not going to stop me!
#SAFE starts 4/27. For local theatres & showtimes text SAFE & your ZIP CODE to 43549. No charge to text Msg & data rates may apply.
Still reeling from the Tom Gabel is now Lauren Grace announcement. Totally rad, just from nowhere.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination. -Tommy Lasorda
+1 RT : I'm not sure what crossing the line on Twitter is, but I think Deion Sanders just did it.
Thanks everyone for the awesome bday wishes from Tuesday!
wow that was really embarrassing, i chalk it tho. i reset my alarm to noon and i huad cincy
Those are great! So much fun for kids!
Labor day party in an hour. Can't wait!
Happy Valentine's Day!
About To Do Some Homework #Bbl (:
AACC tonight in the SAC Ballroom as actor Brian White speaks on navigating the business of success!"
might do pbox I'll let you know later :)
Ok Beckett... bout time...
NICKY MY BOII!!!!
Samaki Walker could work too...we should all thank him cause if he was half way decent maybe no Dirk.
Thank you Gadsden Alabama for a lovely weekend!! Had so much fun.. Simply can't wait to do it all again this October!!
AH! Welcome to the Twitter!
Just got off the treadmill and checked the mail and got excited about camel coupons ... Im ridiculous
how do I go about getting our start up beta #ensemba reviewed for inclusion on your site?
We are looking forward to evaluating and hopefully adding new teas to our lineup at www.teasatia.com. Have a bunch of new teas to review.
gorgeous week days while I'm inside my windowless office, rainy weekend forecast.
omg you're so lucky to be going! Good luck standing there for eternity! :D
Rocked out the driving range for the first time. I may be hooked. It's kind of like long distance beer pong with sticks.
did you barely make it ?
scared 2 death bout proc on neck fractures...
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe These are gonna be the longest 4 years of my life
When will you all be considering judges? Does all the budget biz have to happen first?
Started my morning with wheatgrass shot. It cleanses and purifies the body + has crazy amount of vitamins.
Does Turkish Football Federation love or hate Tribeca tweets? P.S. - Turkish people will love our Morton Downey movie.
"Those #Marquette kids really fill out those jerseys" -- hahaha! Love having Rafftery as a color commentator!
Aye follow muh boy he cool I'll follow anyone who follow him so follow
Join us for Happy Hour til 7 tonight...side walk dinning available! Sun is shining on all four tables!
The Hobbit is good but my dearest book is The Runelords and they are making it into a production
amazing job on the baby doritos commercial!!!
Finally got Jamaican food. I can be happy again.
sounds like a plan! looking forward.
We're excited that our apps made their list!
Pythagoras~ Do not talk a little on many subjects but much on a few.
Please cite sources. No major political outlets have your statement.
today's cough up EVERYTHING in your throat/lungs today!
I have never! given out my Kik?
All of the Thursdays would be #BagelThursday! And I would get an EVP chair like for Cube Village.
Frank Sinatra was a superhero, probably
I can't believe that britney spears is somewhere in this city.
everyone really strolick bald enough
ok so I've never heard of One Direction and now I must google them!! Is it my radio career or Michigan?! LOL xoxo EB!
Typical...especially for that time.
open group! Find an upcoming event that interests you and sign up! We're done for May, setting June events now!
Also, he never returned the photograph the tattoo artist used to draw the piece. Fucking prick.
I steeled cons resolve? Just by telling the truth that no one has a right to be rich? What other truths offend cons?
Oh my God. Please share.
no doubt bro. Thanks for helping out.
An experiment is a mistake in search of the truth. /cc
Don't trust too much, don't love too much, don't hope too much, cause that too much, can hurt SO much.
Looking at my working book for Albion. 97 pages...
you mad cuz you ain't on every oack of camels anymore? You'll get work again.... east main is always there lmao
-__________- Immah Start AH Riot Now .
Chin up!
HAHAHAHA!!!!“: POLL: Majority of Americans Would Have No Objection If Rush Limbaugh Spent 3 Days Calling Newt Gingrich a Slut”
shoutout to for gettin a ton of compliments.
Aaron's profit jumps 60%, largely on reduced lawsuit settlement
Calling out to creative minds -- what type of app would you like to see created?
staked in the third ward great food!
am I actually attracting people of the opposite gender right now. ... nah, can't be
So profound...just listening to #VisionaryIgnitionSwitch call and you truly are a vessel of love and healing. Hug!
Reading 'Mainly On Directing' by Arthur Laurents, an inspiring book about musical theater.
I think that would be one of the most powerful things if you, deadMau5, mover-o-millions, was depressed. Life is hard for everyone
How can we be so close on some things and so far apart on others? I'm confused.
Attempted watermarble nails <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085> failed EPICLY at it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
don't tell nobody I'm nice lol I gotta rep to uphold! I'm up all alone bored as hell. what you up to?
RT I love watching the #Celtics beast shit makes my day. >me to
A much much much needed night!
Exciting start for the inaugural global arena. 30 countries involved.
Is The Break happening every Sunday in April? Thanks....
When I take a shower: 5% of the time: I need one. 95% of the time: I don't have anything better to do.
Lookin like an emo girl with all my hair in my face to hide my shedding skin.. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0082>
i'm riding around i'm getting
testing testing, gd ping.fm
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
I look forward to speaking with you (: I did my smiley the other way, quirky
I know right! I love that, except when u get two wet doggie noses shoved in ur face and licked to death.
Cure for the Modern Erection: Overhearing someone saying, "Put a bird on it."
I finally found my tv remote! I couldn't find that bitch for week lol
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina Lock, Stock, and Smoking Vaginas.. Follow me
they used to call me anal girl in college.
All this talk about "teacher vs. student" overlooks the fact that Donovan has won 2 NCAA titles to Pitino's 1. So who's the teacher now???
When they played don't fall asleep at the helm at ET I thought i was just like dlfjskhdksufksufhksydksyxhskisgdkz because fucking beautiful
Just spotted a few Bob Filner for Mayor posters in the old neighborhood. Not sure how I feel about that
- hey thanks for the follow!
If youre looking for a good chiropractor in the atlanta area everyone at apex in snellville is so friendly and helpful!
oh, you were referring to your third grade self. oops.
Time for the 4x100 record today
please can u
look out for Demarco Sampson would you. AZ 7th round pick. The kids got heart.
My BFF is here. So awesome! :)
#NW First 48 until my eyes close
They talk the entire time.RT : SERENITY NOW! Attempting to watch a movie with 's parents.
Your principles mean more to you than any money or success. - Play Alganon
Going out to have some Groundhog beer with my "Kiss me I'm Groundhog" shirt on. I love holidays!
Great point. This one is a business trip.
been liking playing Three Snake Leaves from Gallows as of late!
thanks so much! glad you liked it!
TY for Friday's +K (seems likes eons in twitter time...)
oh yes. Haha! That ball was sorry! There was a girl on the other side but she was ok. I know! Or anything else for that matter!
Happy Early birthday my friend.
Think we can get #casesmc to trend in Chi-town?
And Happy Easter a little late to you!!
With ya. Any thoughts on how users can disrupt this? (Aside from, of course, not being a user.)
you are making me want to head for the hills! i just lost my job so instead of wigging out I figure I'll plan a little walk...
Too fun! Have a great weekend! xx
Turns out there will be lot more that 9 outs! This game is crazy!
katy perry teenage dream !
I know I'm way behind, but just found a great program to let me know who's unfollowing us, so we can also shed the extra weight in return.
I fight for compacency
Discovery layers or evaluating embedded program... Final decisions of #dls15!
Headed to get the car detailed..
#coleg close minded bitch-assness fail...
“: Haven't been to the gym in a week and I'm going thru withdrawals #teamfitness” do work
innovation in spam is happening faster than innovation in marketing
Ready for the Jedi Council meeting tomorrow @ rgiordan Can't wait!
this shit really sucks :/
1935- Radio program “Your Hit Parade” premiered.
I love my white bitch ! She stay
USPS and DC DMV, you are officially on my blacklist.
do you have a EPL team you follow/support? If not you should get on it!
*nods* ill try to remember that. So you spend more time with Sam? *smiles* im glad you weren't alone
no way jose :-)
I guess you'll have to sign up if you want to find out
Today, it's The Boxing Lesson.
"You are tearing me apart Lisa!"
Parts of this doc ab are hilarious, 2 yrs later. Like the part a/b how google opted out of social because that's not what geeks do.
lyyyyyke oh whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa yeah yeah~
“: come to rams head and I'll buy you a Helen.”haha! Next time ! tell them it's on me, tonight !
60 minutes. One minute at a time. Revel in it!
Help me get more followes?
#Alliclass discussing Broadway ushers and costumer service in other industries. How do we Zappos!-ize the experience?!
Twilight overlap: cheers and shouts during teaser for Breaking Dawn Pt. 2
Have been scared to try traditional canning. Only tried "freezer kind". Any pointers for a newbie? Best wishes for your mom.
most beauty supply places sell 'nail polish thinner' - problem solved :-) I use it and it helps polish last forever :-)
Funny every time Kerr or Albert says "World Peace does XX"
Hope all you FAC Heads have a wonderful night! Stop on by tomorrow, Super Silver Berry will be the Strain of the Day!
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-15
Any good singers in the Seattle area want to put some sweet vox on a rock track??? Reply to me and we'll see what you got!!!
even so - it just makes me angry. I wish it was a better barometer.
Need some reflexology or a massage #sxsw ? is your cure.
Storyline Beta tester. I just imported a 25MB HD video. It took only 6 seconds to import, 3 sec. to resize, and success!
yes you did congrats, you know how to respond
"Loved" by few. "Hated" by many. "Untouchable" by all.
Judi Dench, Maggie Smith, Tom Wilkinson, Celia Imrie, Penelope Wilton...you can;t really go wrong.
Wow, the #Broncos really don't want to pick in the 1st Rd this year. RT : Denver is trading out again...Tampa will trade to 31.
that sounds exactly like a comment someone else I know would make, and probably has many times ()
im tired!!!
looking forward to many interesting and insightful 140 character tweets. A new writing challenge. :)
I feel like she was like "ohey. Let's kill off Hannah's favorite character so Hannah's favorite couple can't ever be together" FFFUUUUUU!!
Wanting time to go by fastt.
RT ": Whatever you chase will run away from you. So stop chasing success and realize you already have it all." Word, much needed.
I hope you read this! I'm in love with 1D and it would make my life like if you tweeted me back!!!! <3
every time I buy a new pair of chucks I end up doing something crazy the same day! They only last 6-8mo for me, at most.
thanks for the spotify invite. I used a proxy before I noticed your message, so I ended up passing it off to a friend. Thanks!
Any bars in #boston showing #wwe Wrestlemania this Sunday?
You're Welcome :-}
To be fair, they mostly teach literacy to English learners. I was afraid my class would be too easy. Luckily, it wasn't.
Good Morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
This isic student card seems SUPER shady.
Might have pushed myself a little too hard riding in today... feel a little bit woozy. Need more water. Meeting in a half an hour.
eats a Cadbury Creme Egg of Mysterious Provenance
This day is boring wish I stayed home.
hey Matt did U get hacked? You sent mem a DM saying "someone is saying terrible rumors about you" Is it saying it? Lol
A real woman likes a man that keeps his pants on his ass
Today was a good day @ Diamonds & Pearls Couture!!!
i know it sucks but i never see you around anymore! & yeaah we need to hangout <3
It's finally my day off. Gotta catch up on Fridays Clone Wars show.
Rack city bitch rack rack city bitch
Who recognizes the fine artistry of our upcoming actors and actress in their performances in theatre and film today? Watch and see who!
Could you like quit fucking with my emotions please?!
yeah im so happy!!
Fact of the matter is that im still in love with my ex & a bug part of me can't let go of her
In that case, you can give up your dream of winning Repub. nomination for Pres. Even reading ability in French disqualifies u.
What R U up to Feb. 1 at 4:14ish PST? Care to join my Methods class in a Twitter discussion?
Thanks! Glad you liked it! We love Ilia, he's brilliant.
ethics Comm did discuss an important substantive rule last night. But this weren't it.
Thanks so much! I will :)
it was really difficult to wake up n go to the gym this morning. so, i slept in until 5:15am :P
If you want to hang Friday: gents, suit & tie required, ladies must wear a dress, it is a somewhat fancy place. Saturday is more casual.
Spirited Away starts in 15 minutes-- get to the Plaza Theatre.
90 minutes of #kenpo. Testing for the next belt on Easter weekend.
Oof, yeah, I had a pretty crazy Fri-Mon this past weekend. Coming back off of it is good at least.
were you able to make contact to participate at the event?
congrats, Amber!
Patrick and Natacha married? Uh oh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
:) RT : That's right. The proper translation for chicken fingers in Spanish is "fingers de pollo". You're welcome world...
- i was doing the same thing. Working full time in games & come home to work even later on my own animation
thanks, love. Miss you!
Stellar game from Bougie last night. Tenefelde gets the nod this afternoon.
Walking past people who smell lush...m.
we are stoked to have a sassy, smart, psych major like Lauren live in the studio today. Help me keep A-Lo in check today!
Lmao at these bitchs, Stay on some other shit.
lmaoo oh ok i was gonna tell u they r cute
Rule #1: Nobody speaks about the club.
make sure he follows ME!
Bruce Willis, Ashley Simpson and Kimora Lee Simmons graced with their presence during my performance @ the beverly hills hotel.
You go Ms NicNac, at 22, that's exactly what you're supposed to do. Try everything, figure out what works for you! Enjoy!
About to finish cooking supper: pulled pork BBQ, mashed potatoes, and broccoli. Every day is Mom's Day around here.
haha not at all u seemed so carefree and having a blast lol
#sacscoc Before you start to read, get overview of content & develop questions to answer. Then read paragraph at a time & paraphrase content
just because he doesnt like you anymore doesnt mean you need to go around and talk about him.
OH: Why are there no donkeys in the vehicle icons?
Ha! That is so very true.
That's no moon...
Hoping tomorrow can be much needed good/awesome day. Goodnight twitter
Today's lengthy to-do list loves lookin' all intimidating 'n' shit, but I am kicking its ass.
I'm MC-ing a concert with The power went out, so it's Judith Hill Unplugged! She's amazing!!! And it's her B-Day! :)
h ok
Gotta stay busy and keep that mojo flowing haha
They always are! I presume this is a Go out/Stay in conundrum?
Are we witnessing the the death of declaring things dead?
What's wrong ?
I know I'm not that exciting, but please don't leave me. I need you.
did u txt me last night ?
is gearing up for rehearsal tonight and ready to melt some faces with our new tunes. Well, our own faces since no one can hear this just yet
Today is my mommy birthday! Spend the whole day with her! We ate applebees so yummy love you mom
Thank you all for following us! More exposure, the better.
lol alright u got me there :p lol
The hardest part of getting to the bottom of yourself is knowing what lies above and ahead of you.
:hat RT : Yoooooooo @ Shook Ones playing in this NBA commercial just now, dope.
Pinky ring Frodo...
Glee made me forgive them for all the crazy this season with tonight's 2 shows. So many memories of my own graduation stuff
must sleep one more hour. ready to ride Silver Comet Trail this morning, perfect weather <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B2><U+2600>
Wait, that's *bad* metadata? Uh-oh...
Man Cena is getting dominated by Lesner.
#heat just wanted to make the series interesting. dont even trip.
totally. it's the best offense he'll ever see. Gore, VD, Crabs, Moss, Manningham...either for Alex or Kaepernick!
Pauly D and Vinny are my favorite hands down.. BUT I do love too!! #SEXY lol
Thanks for the concert with ! What an amazing live band!
what are you doing after?
DO NOT Miss the FREE sign up to 20% discounted organic foods! Sign up now limited time offer! www.mybeyondorganicliving.com
They probably don't even know there is a fire. We had a tornado warning one time and no one at her work was told.
Well I'll be a sleepin' sasquatch! Jesse Jackson Jr's decision to not run is sillier than bigfoot stuck in a sarsaparilla tree
In first grade my teacher was my idol. In 8th grade my teacher is my enemy.
Close. But it's either VU & Nico or Portrait in Jazz. :) RT : “: Led Zeppelin I > Best freshman album of all time IMO.
Im so upset right now.
Hunky Jesus?
Check out an amazing graphic designer
Why is this happening?
do they make green one's for st. patty's day?
Outermost History: Henry Beston passed away 44 years ago this week, less than 2 months shy of his 80th birthday, in Nobleboro, Maine.
Today marks Queen's 60th year on the throne. On this date in 1952 her father, George VI died and she became queen, at the age of 25.
nice. I would like to know more about your process in general.
I see growing old as either becoming a calm monk that accepts life's complexities, or a mad villain that attempts to bend life to their will
Woahhh no war. Just teasing. Go charge up.
" You're gonna make me reach the climax "
RIP Whitney Houston
I'm about to go to sleep on this nigga
Holy crap! I never noticed that. It's watching us...
thanks. still wish i could've ended up there with you folks. hope you've found a good apple for that position!
Good Night Mom..
it has indeed been a while.
Another great episode. We shimmy our jazz hands for
Trey is gonna help them big time - they need a scoring guard like him - Charlie Lee ain't gonna give u that
LOVE IT <3
RT : Cultures exist for their own sakes, not simply in order to clash with yours.
RT : Powerful presentation by Nisha today @ #HA2012, will look @ similar analysis in our work with
can't wait for tonight!
stellar job last night at Merriweather with the Decemberists!
with your help we can MAKE it happen. it will take all of us, working hard. But it is work that MUST be done.
no hahaha still in their box looking all sexy. LA is awesome. Im loving life right now. Played disc frisby for the firs ...
I love Barry Manilow!
is it real ? or do you have to pay ?
Thanks for the referral.
it's lyrics to a song you dumb <U+E40E>
100 tweets in 3 weeks, and I've *lost* 4 followers. I think this means I'm doing it right.
I want a follow back! I would die if you did!!! Please and thank you!!!!!! :)
or just swing by 8th ave and 12st -- red brick warehouse -- for talks
I WANT SOME, YOU WHORE!!
Chachi please follow me .. please .. I asked twice :).. goodnight sweet person :D
hehehehehe :)) u got me up with these topics broo !
when teachers make pornos & yell at us for PDA.
You're our first, our last, our everything bagel. “: Love you guys! Thanks for a great first date!”
Beautiful snow this morning! Just in time for the staff Christmas party!!
yeah it's looking pretty good
that's what I like to hear!!!
was an amazing place to stay during my last vacation rental!
what an awesome song! I love it! thanks for sharing with me sis.
um what
"Show me more YouTube videos!"
Rock 'N Roll Monday Morning Hangover. Time to listen to some dulcet tones.
or do u not think so far... cause i be thinking bout forever...
gets applause (that I started) for saying we can't lose focus on KIDS. Amen.
Struck by potential usefulness of Twitter for El Ed teachers, before realizing that most admins would immediately ban it.
Hey pretty lady:)
So many older men obligated to tell me I'd be hotter if I didn't have a nose ring & tattoos. Go away.
So now there will be a big thing about the turkey eatthquake
Three months and this breakfast will be in paradise.
#DearHair Can you try not looking like a lion mane for like one day? -.-
Just finished printing off flyers to advertise for Earth Day. Seems ironic.
I admire Dirk more and more. He drained that crazy fadeaway during the "chippy-ness".
Schools need to stop that retirement myth crap they've been spouting for 15+ years.
You and have great taste in restaurants! See you guys soon.
Hahahah I just LOLed he would
Looking forward to it!!
hey if you go on facebook there is a page called "Totally Me" and they told me to sprend the word so im sreding it to you
This week I will consume delicious tacos.
Been a listener for over a year now. Very happy to support Dan B and his merry hosts by purchasing the new iOS app. Keep it up!
Thanks for the mention, !
I feel the same way! I've decided, no, or at least not until I get to know the students. it's getting better 6 wks in!
i have a 10 page paper due!
Never underestimate the pull of nostalgia.
: NP - it would be cool if I could text n pay so dont have to wait in line for your awesome burgers Text me: 916-420-6020
The Generals are meeting with Washington in Cambridge. They are meeting after news that whole regiments may not return for fighting in 1776.
i hate it when people tweet me and tell me to follow them back..if i wanna follow u back ill do it myslef, dnt need you tellin me what to do
Just added our latest RSVP Member. Mark the handyman extraordinaire and museum enthusiast. If you think he could help your org, lemme know
Heck yeah! Luv u both! RT : Twins reboot. Me and Kevin James. RT if you're in.
Some would consider it an actual miracle Barcelona some how did not score today if you watched the game. Unbelievable...
These boys on Shake It Up are to cute! :)
"do you not know I am a woman? when I think, I must speak"
Being a nice person makes me so tired.
Still sick and waiting for the cable guy while getting ready for work. Oh please let tonight be worth it.
New Zealand’s Andreas Derleth (pictured left) was crowned Mr Gay World 2012 in Johannesburg, South Africa on Sunday. The German-born oper
lol I always go to sleep late I'm not sleepy
I'm observing a diminishing interest in swimwear and swimsuits on and off line. The summer is nearing its end.
my new basil plant isn't sprouting because there hasn't been any sun.
Thanks, for a wonderful practice at tonight. I am spoiled and as rich as any lottery winner.
Question: Why does reality only begin to hit you when some people turn 21? What happend to the other years
On stoney island
I watch we get beaten up I turn it Grandy get a homerun. Turn it back BAD UMP CALL at second
Strangest picture of the NCAA Tournament goes to...
dm me your number playa lets get to this $
hahahahaha they're so retarded.
Don't just see, Look!
My little brother has the same name as you, it's pretty cool. <U+2665> love you !
Crazy water/weather conditions lately making us postpone trips :( #sandiego Our families are so understanding! Thank you!
Health question? Most important for weight loss? A) exercise B) proper food choices
Too legit to quit ;-)
#UKnowBetter Many will be unemployable for NOT using online common sense while in High School & College. Long gone are the days of obscurity
If you wew Cecil Fielder's first born, you'd end up a Prince #brewcrew RT Why can't I be a Prince. What the eff
like 80% of my notecards are bs and I'm not gonna end up using.
So I'll stand with arms high and heart abandoned in awe of the One who gave it all
None of MY friends personally. There's too many guys out there to be going after somebody's ex.
I told you Mayweather is messed up in the head! RT Justin bieber wit the money team??? lol what is this world coming 2
whose birthday?
Buggary. If you know what I mean. ;)
We thank all for the support and kind words for our show's 1st episode. Now, onward to producing the series!
When you #Tired but can't sleep <<<
I don't think I've ever been looking more forward to dinner plans, headed to dinner tonight
Congrats to our winner ! He won a free premium subscription to ProShow Web. Keep watching for more give-aways coming soon!
I haven't felt this emasculated in a long time
Taking my butt to sleep I'm not finna keep laughing at Shan crazy ass see yu in the morning Shan Shan Lolz
my new celebrity crush..... #hottie :)
Aint seen nor heard this song n yrs
follow me?
Oop you nasti RT : I'm loving ya chocolate AVI any more pix?
Walking around NYC. Beautiful day.
One two three four
supposed to be working on my paper but not going to
Another wedding, another set of photobooth pictures, another new avatar.
Just bought Austin Mahones first single:)
#FF: the national version TX,MT,DC,VT,CO repped -
Thought of the day - People who know least, know loudest.
We're out of applications...and time-slots!
coulda swore those went extinct years ago
How did I know that was going to happen? Sleep and other "activities" won out over studying I see :). Hope the exam went well
In my imagination I see so many shoes and can't stop making them life's coming attraction get's me overexcited
hope you know You are what made us this time I hope you know We'll never fall out of line I hope you know We'll be the greatest this time
My back hurts me so baad.
#erl12 risk aversion substituted for fair use analysis
I don't understand this stupid federal income tax...
#wwhl question for joe You guys all talk about family but it seems like you always throw your sister under the bus
Huh,Well today sucked
Thanks ! It went really well!
Hey peoples wat up
That play by J. Hairston should be the nail in the coffin for Uribe's hopes of ever starting for The Dodgers again
Look forward to seeing you at GE '10! Stop by the Brausse Booth and say Hello.
Lovely picture. So glad you got to experience the Road to Hana.
“Genius is nothing but a great capacity for patience.” Georges-Louis Leclerc Buffon (1707-1788)
"I just want to hug this couch"
what comment?
I like to hike, swim and run, and I love to play soccer
Original art definitely has an allure to it.
You're missing out! :)
I don't really care if Jelena still exists, or if the break up rumor is true, but I don't want Justin to be sad for a simple girl.
How many times is twitter going to allow me to pick "try it later" regarding the New Twitter? I liked Old Twitter just fine.
When I think my blog looks really good i have the urge to not reblog or post anything cuz I don't wanna fuck it up. Lol
#bizforum Digital Lumberjacks sounds like a great book title :)
its chill it happens
Looking for something to do this summer? Volunteer with us! We're always looking for a helping hand! For more info, go to our website.
So the Post Office now charges $1 to change your address online? Really? I know it's just a buck, but I'm irritated.
That was indeed the plan. Or make a graph that spells it out in nifty diagrams.
UK game's on!
Twitter's more fun when you have a deck to wrangle nine accounts at once, isn't it?
Go Kings Go!!
I used dye and koolaid
YOUR PLAYING WITH US MY DAD JUST TEXTED ME!!!
Truth. RT : Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something & has lost something. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
if im on your TL follow me bck. Thanks
“: Who cares about "Girls Around Me" App? I want a "Cute British Straight Boys With Low Standards Around Me" App!
DANCE MOMS!! <33333
Going In right now for the Kingdom! Lol I love it! Follow Him Fight now! Fresh Manna From Heaven!
Have a great weekend everyone!
RT : A5: #vancouver...its a great city as long as the canucks are winning.
what to do whtat to do
not me, im sleeping with my eyes open...lol
Please explain.
RT : Beverly J. Diny is a Fine Jewelry Consultant and Diamond and Pearl Graduate (GIA)
How My Mom Tellin Me To Find Somethinng She Lost ! <<
bless the Lord
Psalms 39:7 "But now, Lord, what do I look for? My hope is in you.
Agreed! Enjoy your weekend! RT : It's been a busy -- and productive -- week for downtown! Thanks for the
if Doug stays, Turner has to go...Problem is Doug ruined his value around the league.
Life is not measured in the amount of breaths we take....but by the moments that take our breath away. -Mark Twain
My feeling of "impostor" syndrome didn't start until I started being appointed to committees and was the youngest one there.
Well, considering you are thousands of miles away, its possible you wouldn't even make it for leftovers.
Check out Peace & A Cup of Joe on foursquare until 1pm special, all breakfast sandwiches $1.00 off when you check in on 4sq
Wouldn't it be great if twitter had a roped off VIP section where celebrities could keep their boring tweets to themselves?
If I can hear your music while it's in your ear and I'm standing 20 feet away, I kno u can hear it
The Way I Am!
This customer is boring me to death
I had a very heavy birdtation
To my mother Cynthia Clarke, Thank You for your selfless love and for the greatest gift you gave me. The example of loving Christ.
hahaha that's funny. I think that was from Seafair :)
Listening to One Direction for the first time ever...haha. guess this is my thanks to Ha
Pre-Planning A Baby Is The Best Pregnancy.... That Must Be A Hard Thing For Women To Is Tell A Man She's Pregnant...
Stop by the memphissurplus booth at the #choppersshow this weekend. Pick up our coupon and receive 10% in store purchases from 4/19-4/28.
we made new friends at the BRAVES Bark in the PARK event this past Sunday..puppies luv us!
Yea yea! Thx! RT : Thought you did a great job on last night! My lil' bro followed your pro career very close
“: Is Matt Flynn really going to earn big $ for going 33 for 49 on the season & doing well in a game w/no pressure?” YES 4sure
Sunday nights it is!!
"Your're very welcome! Thanks for using ShowClix, have a wonderful time!
r u a boy or a girl??
Thanks for the retweet Vonda... Hope you are doing well! lets catch up sometime !
in Sharon's Meadow for Beethoven and Rach #2! Not as hard to find a spot as I thought
Oops, I meant I forgot to too
#Kobo takes 12 days to answer Q about DRM-free books, not 48 hrs as promised by auto-respond. And their answer is wrong.
Eastern Washington sunsets are so beautiful. But I'm also looking forward to being home in Western Washington! Just a few more hours...
Oh how I adore my favorite day!! A little work, good friends, food & beverages & some fun. Perfect! Time to say Gnight. Sweet dreams. :-)
RT : A must-read 4 wireless innovators - call to free 500 mhz of spectrum 4 bb has resulted in call 4 sharing......
they have arrived and are now enjoying time in our bellies! Thanks Bob, you made our day!
Wasn't funny at the time, though. RT this made me laugh.
ok average
Anytime : ) You are always welcome! Have a great Friday Kelly.
I just finished a 3.50 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
is it that hard? « I am not going to pass this test. LOL»
you guys are aware that the new ofwg tape is out right
CLOSING SOON: Bill Mould's "Spirit and Enigma" @ Touchstone: 9th & NY Ave. Ceramic sculptures and wall art! Come on by!
Its pouring.
Someone out there is waiting for my help and I am the perfect fit for it. Do you believe me?
do you let him drink your redbull
So wait, *this* little plane is flying us all the way to Dallas? Hope I make it to Denver in one piece.
Pres. #George #W. #Bush said of his #mother, Barbara Bush: "Growing up she gave me love & lots of advice. I gave her white hair."
If you told me 1 year ago that I'd be voting #GOP in 2 consecutive elections I'd say you're nuts. But this time it's for real! Vote
Ross- incremental model, comprehensive model, unilateral model have all been tried in peacemaking.
My heart breaks when I see Coolmorning and I know that these guys going to leave eachother :'(
Debating whether I should join Tumblr or not #social #media Is it worth it?Too much work?
Listening to the new Cursive album, I Am Gemini, that was written just for me.
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear we need to talk
thank you to of for speaking to buck lodge students for career day!
Best tweet ever RT : Hey, American Idol.. Imma let you finish this season but was the best contestant of ALL TIME.
Homemade calzones and red wine. Ahh vacation!
Outstanding. I loved it.
is the most genius social media marketing tool I have ever come across. Such a surprise that more people aren't on it!
would you send me link to newest post when you get a chance?
"Georgia Saunders puts a face on homelessness, and it is OUR face." Ginny Sorrell of Grace Covenant Presbyterian Church in Virginia Beach.
Dear Twitter, Stop fuckin PMSing nd telling me the link to 's story is not working. Thanks(:
Celtics make me hate the color green. Go Sixers!
Great news about Zombie Housewives of the Apocalypse book coming this week! Yahoo!
I can't wait to spend it with you :)))
Glad you got the posters! Hope they help remind employees of the dangers of "reply all." Best - DoL
Hey there! So, this would be the official Twitter of me, Dave Wallace, Professional Voice-Over Artist. Want to know something embarrassing?
Hear hear!
Game off. Bush league bullshit. Unbelievable.
i still got you homie. whitney houston, work, and the grammys put me behind. i got something for you tomorrow. bet.
Roughly 1.5 days left in 2011, still not too late to fulfill your #newyearsresolution from last January!
This ones for you its 1:15 AM:-)
Hot tip: check out www.actorrated.com for free classes that are informative and full of REAL tools you can use now!
At Java Beach on Sloat
getting ready for bed. My kid graduates @ 10am tomrw! Gotta be up early! #lastone #imgonnacry lol
It is never too late to be successful!
so, why don't you get yourself a twitter fan base?
Why thank you.
wait until Saints games!
....beware the make-out bandit and the faceless boob flash.
Also, redid my word bubbles for RVA Monuments. It is like a breath of fresh air. Thanks for the tip and
Bad Girl's Club was pretty good last night,my girl Camile ain't no punk. Did'nt know so many peeps hate Gia!
Wow. #MattKemp > every other player right now.
How ya doing so far this morning? =)
concert tonight!!!!! It's on my birthday! Hell yeah!!!!!
how long did it take you?
you're perfect the way you were made! I'd still love ya if you got them reduced tho
Alive & High
Why do NFL/NBA fans hate MLB so much? So much hate on my timeline. From live tweeting to the game in general
Fort Ram, Fort Collins, CO. 1990/11/04. Great sound !!!
It's a beautiful day in Kansas City. Are you working or playing today?
i will
Make sure to stop by the table on Saturday as Abita brewer Matthew Horney will be on-site at #EABF!
power out at East Potomac pool. Not allowing anyone in until it's fixed.
Hollis Headrick on cult orgs and schools "There is no system anymore that facilitates this kind of conversation."
happy almost halloween! favorite holiday of the year. new interview up tomorrow, as my gift to you!
Knowledge Management Specialist in San Francisco! Main responsibilities in this role will include the development of knowledge sharing stra…
Hoping for a mild, light wind no pollen day for next weeks #halfMarathon! Congested and itchy after today's run
Yes please :) Congrats, winner!
Finally got a chance to see "The Help" WOW - Great Movie!
1942--technical end of slavery in America.
Not sure....I just signed up for it.
My 7yo daughter's favorite movie is Despicable Me, so we're watching it again tonight. Not sure if I should thank you or cry...
That's how he started his college career. He moved back as new talent arrived.
nah don't! and a like band news blog i follow on tumblr posted about it.
Offloading content to hard drive. Finished shooting Naif Al-Mutawa speaking about the 99 with for ABANA
I donated money to you guys because I love you. No, I'm serious... I want to have your babies. We can make it work.
The best marriage advice I could you two is that you don't get mad if you're kid eats skittles and plays video games all day long.
so would tomorrow work??
“:Single Game Tix 4 Game 5&7 of the 2nd round of the Playoffs go on sale May 3 at noon.” Include mailing address 4 your refund!
- Say that again! That wind is WHIPPIN out there!
We hear you! We promise it will be done!!!!
“ “ Believing truth disables experiences founded on lies””
And thank you for being
Thank You to everyone that came out last night to support Baltimore has the best Twitter community. It's a fact.
Did a BHM presentation Firefighters museum. Kids were eager participants in my Q&A. Giveaway books, bookmarks & BHM pencils.
I keep having to say goodbye to people this week. I DON'T LIKE THIS MAKE IT STOP.
What's a 10-zip shellacking when you win the opening series against the WS champs?
Beginning this Friday, 4/13, I'll be re-broadcasting my Panda project via another account, <U+30FE>(·<U+3268>·)/
a day of songwriting...what to write about?
San Antonio: Cool next couple AM's with low's in the 50's. Next chance for storms will be Friday. Today: Cool start, sunny skies. High 81.
Gar-field (20) Potomac (20) High School Hoops in Virginia
A3 : You can cultivate online relationships by inviting Twitter/FB/LinkedIn followers to events. Show them your products.
DRose has a torn ACL...bad news.
Dworkin: these musical samples are basically inverse models for the construction of poems
alright pimp, you got my number just hit me up when you want to go get one!
we will have a new variety pack box very soon. contains 2 "goat's choice" selections which are most likely our seasonal beers.
I need to get my cowboy boots re-heeled soon. Anyone know any good cobblers? Do cobblers still exist?
Today Eddie Bauer taught me how to tweet correctly. This tweet might be a bad tweet according to EB but....oh well! :-)
Gusty NE winds continue 2day til 4. Clear skies 2nite. Patchy frost likely in low-lying valleys 2nite & early AM. 20's & 30's! 60's 2day.
Relationship >>> single
Long afternoon and night ahead cementing out the rats from my neighbors side
Im nervous
The hard part about being a bartender is figuring out who is drunk and who is just stupid.
"One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower"
I'm tired of seeing all these repeat posts!
Oh I envy you reading these books for the first time! They are worth re-reading, of course, but it's never quite the same.
This week I will take advantage of Maizie's $4 burger mondays, visit Stinkweeds, and go to Phoestivus! Yay!
I really craving some orange juice, but I just brushed my teeth :/
wish i was dead
Realized that when talking abt #forprofit and #nonprofit we were thinking more abt
I'm suprised more of y'all don't get hit by cars./ Missing your surroundings, staring at the stars.
Of course! AND! We pay the tolls. ;)
Special 3-man show September 4th @ McCormick & Schmick's in Tysons Corner
Hello everyone. I'm looking forward to a beautiful Tuesday just like the weather is here in Nashville, TN today...BEAUTIFUL!!
Stay tuned for more info on the job front....
I forgot all about my applesauce :3
YES I have basketball games on Saturday but if they're not po inconvenient it's a date!
Thank you got the #FF mention! Hope your Monday is going well!
will do my friend!
Thanks Raymie! I appreciate your support!
DANA LET TIM SILVIA FIGHT LET THE WARRIOR GO OUT ON HIS SHIELD HE'S EARNED THAT MUCH AND U KNOW ITS TRUE!
Wine me likey.
Cool & eerie at the same time! Follow real-time Titanic tweets at
anything you think I can post on my website!
Ask your mate for a list of his/her favorite meals, then cook them!
painful!! This is day 3 of 4!
“I don’t care if you need to stay up crying all night long, I will stay with you. There’s nothing you can ever do to lose my love.”...
Okay you ice cream eating maniacs ....
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously selling them food stamps...unwritten rules...80 in stamps=40 in cash
look at the cards schedule an pick a date right meow!
#HuskyNation big game tomorrow. Zona looks tough but I know we've got it in us. Lets all get behind them U.C.O.N.N..
#teamfollowback word. I follow back.
congrats Nigel....we're so happy to have your speed and versitility...
He had to go up to the heavyweight division just for a decent fight.
Because she recorded the first app album, that I know of.
you are seriously ALL THAT.
That pretty much sounds like my agenda too haha. Them Rhode Islanders have been coming up with some great stuff lately.
Completed my second Zumba class. The combo of dancing, aerobics and latin music is perfecto, even for this gringa!
#20ThingsAboutMe , i tend to scare guys away .. Whoops.
You're welcome, many #artsed teachers have known of your work for years and it is a pleasure to follow you now on Twitter!
Would anyone want a swim boot camp? Medicine balls/stretch cords?
yeah I know this little #monkey is hilarious!
Pretty sure you need a permit to be that slutty. <U+261D>
My pickup line for the weekend. Delivered deadpan.
Ronnie on here to.
Hopefully Chris Bosh is alright.
Stuck inside train until help arrives
Mediocrity happens when you stay around "yes men". Get around people who not only speak truth but live the truth.
hello self. I'm procrastinating doing anything. Aren't u proud?
Swim season's coming up. Is your pool ready? If not, we'd love to help get your pool back into top form.
I should of told u way sooner then all that happened.
shhhh you spoil surprise so you get none
it's okay. I took my meds so I can finish it tonight. No worries.
NIGGAS OF WHO.. WHY INSTINCT OF COURAGE
nice. But it's no prague1968.com
:( so how was your day!
Aetna CEO: Gamification and social media work well for health
Why did no one tell me how wonderful "Icefall" by Matthew Kirby is? So it won the Edgar...Haven't finished yet so don't tell me who.
so cute! MUAH
Thanks so much everyone for the Birthday wishes! It really meant a lot to me! We have some pretty wonderful viewers:)
its does my guy
any chance javale cracks the starting lineup this year(not due to injury) or is he going to remain bench player??
hey! Good and you?
I don't get out into the studio called Outside often enough. It's gorgeous out.
3 miles to go. We are about to finish the 6th Annual Walk for Children's Health.
Got your email & looking into it. So sorry. Please stand by while we figure out what happened. Thanks so much. DoL
me? Ha
probably 'cause we never had them in our household... LOL. Maybe cinnamon toast crunch?
RT : I Hate Getting Bullied :(
“Exotic Marigold Hotel” looks good, but if there were two more main characters needed, I am not sure there are sufficient British actors...
I think its very nice of Mitt Romney to personally pay off the US Debt. Now, that's a politician!
No problem! I realize now my previous tweet was near-incomprehensible. Glad it made sense!
I was a coke cola kinda gal but I gave it all up for the sake of 20 lbs a year! Those fetuses add up!
Nazi zombies with experimental rocket-packs? Could be a good book. lol
Watcha workin with over there? Strawberry Diesel, Pineapple Express, White Rhino? *sigh* the good old 401 days
One of the lead singers, who also plays trumpet, was doing the freestyling and beatboxing. Always cool to see him do it!
in 37 days we shall finally meet :)
#congratulations to Jen Kirmer and Nate Sowry, who will be presenting at the SAA Convention in San Diego! Nice work Jen and Nate!
fuck da heat imma bulls & thunder fan and i still have faith in da bulls
Night y'all hope we sleep sound!
According to an old English system of time units, a "moment" is one and a half minutes
Work and beach air had me off the grid so far. Be back to posting tonight
postcards for 'Illuminate' are getting done today....you'll see them floating round town next week!
If experimental philosophy is a field, experimental literary studies should most definitely exist.
. Hes strugglin, lucas wont be consistent with big minutes. Rose out 11 & we lost2 in a row. Its april, we will worry about may
let's just hope naked eBay guy didn't make an appearance on the auction page.
A friend is someone who reaches for your hand and touches your heart
You know how you learn a new word and then all of the sudden it's everywhere? That's me and "pareidolia."
I don't get how it could happen so quick infront of me ..
Among the weird ?s I want answers to for my son's future use in science fairs: why does Jager float on regular but not Sugar Free Red Bull?
FYI They Blocked my facebook account. For RIO just post your names on the event. I can still see it from other pages -Justus Kalson
Open data now being talked about via and it's importance in Democracy.
i hate it when people give me mixed messages regarding my tatas
Morgan dont feel bad about it if we make it I will feel bad we should have like a fundraiser because I really want you to go
Enter competitors' name in2precise interest 4 Facebook ads to capitalize on their fans..oh, and test-test-test!
I'm with you Maura
no worries Rebecca. Just stopping in to say hello & let ya know I was thinking of ya! Twugs !
I'm not in that session! Follow and for tweets from in there!
I guss you still call muhammad ali cassius clay and chad johnson also..
whats the address to send you stuff??
ALL GOOD !
Just got an IPhone 4. Wish Siri understood my accent:)
DYK? Phi Beta Sigma symbol is the white dove ...Happy Founders Day
I am cookin' healthy brown rice pasta 4 my mom! I will cherish this moment!
Sales of Dreaming of Dixie are going so well that the paperback is still a year away. It entered a second printing in January!
when you figure it out let me know
Seeing people cat daddy while walking down the street when ur in the car
In Music Meeting Goldfrapp “Rocket” still like it… it’s like living in an 80’s world
//...me a load of BS. Except I substitute the word manure 4 the obvious rhyme 4 & description of Mitt.
Can our Cats go down to Mississippi State tonight and take another road SEC win? I do believe so!
The mask that Kobe wore this season after Dwayne Wade broke his nose just sold for $67,100 in a charity auction.
I just woke up from a nightmare involving scream hahahahaha.
ugh could today get any worse?
That sounds like fun! I'm thinking about trying a new complex for legs this week to add more explosive movements
100 Days of ‘Hunger Games’: Actors Who Almost Became Peeta Mellark (PHOTOS) Casting for Hunger Games ‘ Katniss Everdeen may have be
Ahh! Amazing. Congratulations, Josh!
We do! I really like our . Looking forward to it also. The produce section is pretty great - organic fruit especially.
fun fact: Abbey based Bella Abzug on my cousin, who he was dating at the time. She's, uh, not a fan of the work either.
and I'll b there watching!
(Sighs) o well. Its coo. It is what it is.
I think job interview went well today. Hopefully I get the job 11.80 an hour sounds like a plan lol
oh my god! seriously! we need to talk about what you do! Let's collab on a game for my film :D
thanks! Yeah, we're from Detroit, but we travel to Germany often and do some ministering out there! :)
Congrats to Adele! She deserved every award she won.
In sunny San Francisco, getting ready to talk about GRE at
HRM... I am going to take Executive Producer of Starcraft 2. Yes that will do.
it was want it mate ;) x
Anyone have suggestions for notes and guides useful to new readers of Ulysses? ~D
Still waiting for that pie.
lol ok, thanks!!
I'll be there soon poppa (:
Save the La Jolla Post Office community meeting with U.S. Postal reps this Thurs. at 6 p.m. at Cuvier Club at 7776 Eads Ave. Be there!
You had me at hello
Would it be a bad time to ask?
Burgh Night Life =Trash
love that AVI
u know I love it!
Yes. GB next. Finally.
would you be interested in your own business in the telecommunications industry ? Christopher: 719.481.9476
good point. I'll let you know when I get a chance to try it out
THERE'S A COMIC BOOK STORE AT THE BOULEVARD MALL!
Classic College radio is in my wheelhouse. Mission of Burma, Pavement, Pixies, and Silver Jews all in the last hour.
RT - The Miami Dolphins have reached out to Jake Delhomme. The two sides have not agreed to a deal and Delhomme is cons...
For some unknown reason, I'm still up. Maybe my body is prepping for CA time in Wednesday
It takes great bravery to go what you want with passion. Remember if you are dreaming it & going after that goal you are ALREADY successful.
Getting chipotle and get to watch osseo best day ever!!!!!
Hungry like a mufucka!
My husband hasn't worked in 3 1/2 years and is trying desperately to get a job. Please can you help him find work????
Dream Big, Win Big promotion successes. Great case at #uwebc Web Marketing event by and
He doesn't look particularly happy.
Be Part Of a Super Powerful Business Concept That Works
Ugh school tomorrow :/
we hope you lovely ladies are having a wonderful time in CITYCENTRE today! :)
We are releasing a new short video in the very near future.
rookie Tobias Harris making his first NBA start tonight at Orlando
Atl..... Good Southern food.... Im pray'n I don't break my diet!!!!!!
Demolition Derby in a little over 24 hours! I'm $tOkEd 2 the max! My fav fair event! 20yr tradition for me :)
What kind of secret thing does have for me :(
Pirates + bases loaded, nobody out = no runs for the pirates and no sandwiches.
Hey sexy!
Don't lie!
what? This isnt good!
I'm gonna have a -Biden moment and say that someone who rhymes with Jim Jardashian is on my flight back to NYC
i appreciate it <3
Thanks bro! RT : Happy Birthday fam !!!
i forgot to tell you another cool thing that happened while you were gone. i almost blew my hand off with a fire cracker lmao
Love your new avatar. Way to go!
this Sunday for brunch with guest fiddler
Dust off that gumby sweatshirt and cheer on the B's. Or the Caps. Either way. Just someone in Indy watch a hockey game, please!
Who's ready for our Mother's Day Massage Special?
im sitting in the truck waiting to see jessie (;
Thanks, hope you are having a great week!
home for the weekend
Hey girl, gettin old is not fun, but life is good.
After 4 months I now know how to put my Toyota Prius in neutral! I knew there had to be easier way! I feel completely stupid
I'm so confused. Tell me you're at Nordstrom...and that you're good with zippers...
i'm not your bby i'm nobody's baby -.-t
it was the obnoxious girl talking on it on a busy street that made it seem more ridic
FREE lunch today! EVERYONE is welcome! Go to the tent
no need to be rude, you asked for wisdom! Cranky pants! :-P
continues to have amazing success with my 90 day challenge! Another 7lbs of weight loss! :)
Nobody would ever use that line on you here...
Works from Charles Krafft make great Christmas gifts but Hanukkah not so much.
Auckland eye Club World Cup spot
I am going to vote for pajamas pants and our beverage of choice...I am kind of for staying tonight.
“ Hahahah glad i didnt leave work for it RT : This graduation rehearsal is ratchet lmfao”
Voluntary home visiting programs help single, young mothers cope with daily stresses so they can be a better parent. #1560 reasons
A 1Tofu Life: Sentient vs Sapient
How can AYS get in wideeyedcity weekly?
C'mon get happy and chase all your bleus away...this Thursday. #RetroOnThePatio featuring Daddy Mack.
Don't make me mad then tell me to calm down. That's like stabbing someone and then wondering why they're bleeding.
it seems to be running very smoothly
Agreed RT you should follow
Haha, yea; should I have tweeted that?
Good morning tweeps!!! Happy Friday from sunny
right!? This brings up such a good point! Maybe that's how it starts?
Me too but I'll look like a loner. We need to tan bro. Get our jersey on.
Alas, not a listserv. That, at least, I could delete whole threads with the push of a button. No, this was on the phone
Cheers, mates!!!
#oomf is a cutie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
My next phone is going to be the iPhone 4, just saying! :D
great ideas!
Isn't it the truth!
Nice! IMA peeps are bringing it! 37 days of training ahead!
a workshop on Smartboards
The 3 yr old boy I babysit just spit up his cough medicine all over me and said "I'm sorry miss Kara, I'm just not perfect" So cute!!!
Don't spend hours waiting for your car to be serviced. We can provide our premium service oil change for most cars in about 15 minutes.
what sites do you guys prefer for your brackets and why?
Just want it all to be over..
Kate did an up do tonight in London. I know mine in DC will not look as coiffed as hers but I can try.
lol anyone would be! :-P
At the moment, if you purchased your copy from us, we offer half-price updates to current edition.
Machine-filtering of the deluge of texts offers opportunity to evade longstanding historical trap of the Author Filter.
Leaf blower guy and I are now buddies. --> amigos?
T.G.I.F.!!!! Come in tonight and try some of our NEW menu items!! Let us know what you think!! See you here!! ;)
Wow, those look great. What camera do you use? I have 1 good lens, a Tamron 90mm 1:1 macro.
I'm sure they look at yours and think "my how he's gotten younger!"
Having money doesn't make you cool!...a concept niggas fail to understand.
Pat Healey and Max Ferdinand will be at the Royal Farms ribbon cutting on Rt. 43/Crossroads Circle in Middle River today from 10 to 11:15.
Hey vo maje go look at the picture of me and my new best friend lol clue: it's round and has a hole in the middle :D
Thanks for your kind words, Erica!
Going to sleep already. Night night y'all! Xoxo
That's why I haven't updated mine in like 2 years.
man you are quick :) i just realized that i babysit that night, but i still think it's a good idea. keep us posted!
so am I the only lame person who doesn't have spotify yet?
We do NOT have a "Spending Problem", we have a REVENUE Problem. END THE bush TAX CUTS NOW!!!!! Re-Elect President Obama!!
Death Takes a Holiday at Roundabout Theatre is a MUST SEE great for all ages and jaded-ness! Amazing performances and very fun story!
Man, our bullpen is amazing........
keep it up!
will close at 5pm today, and re-open on Tues Jan 3 at 8am. Happy Holidays, !
if my professor and advisor recommend that I make my major Anthropology one more time, I will flip out
Tune into the station now at the 11AM hour for a chance to win a pair of tickets to Youth Lagoon playing this Wednesday at Metro Chicago!
good. Your life just got a lot easier
What i just wished for >>>>>>
"I'ma need you to shut up cause people are taking a test" "I'ma need you to suck my asshole & leave me alone"
i dont know anyone who is so in love with lil wayne like i am ;)
omg my fave coach bieste now have to see here sing Jolene
Suprised I got a valentine ^.^ thanks for the gift udy :)
Great advice! We think so too.
That boy ty lawson can play
In 1947 #BingCrosby invested $50k in the #Ampex company, which built North America's 1st commercial reel-to-reel tape recorder.
I agree with whoever said that
... zombie breaking free. cabbie freaking out. all who saw being taken away. FUCK.
Dear Giants, now that you are without both 1st team CB's.. Us Jets fans would like to offer you Kyle Wilson. YOUR WELCOME! love
Thanks very much - glad you liked the blogpost and
"Art is a terrible investment of money. But is great for the soul." - at event.
but its lonely I hve no one to talk to except my self
LLAB SMDH YES INDEED HOW DID U FIND OUT!!!!...
Thanks Twin-Twin!
I researched a "lighthearted" place to submit my film to so I think it's going to be a good fit. But still crossing fingers!
two days til new york :D
happy birthday lady! I'm a bit late but the well wishes are the same :) Enjoy it!
one the cool, your the ones that's been
your welcome:)
Is it weird that I'm a dude, and I ordered hydrolyze last night?
you, me and Kathleen need to hang out soon!
Also, Taylor, we wear heels to the Grammys.
I'm #Obama all the way I think 4 years is too short to be in office
Saw an armadillo on the road. You only get leprosy once.
oh ok that was harsh
yes u r rite
Yeah it is !!!!!!! too me #Winning And Yeah I really did Im not lying !!!!!!
Thanks for the RT!
bought 3 bottles just came in today red wine
If anyone has seen any extra type of motivation, please, please hook me up
I feel like eating donuts & then some cookies and after that some coffee<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><U+2615>
Timelines dead, where everybody at?
Why are some of the other boys so perfect, why can't I look like them :/
I dont understand how Niall can eat so much, get little to no exersize and still maintains to be so skinny.
you seem boreing. :/
the ceremony for the stadium after the game was like a funeral. People were crying. It's a damn building
Looking forward to the Relato Digital Storytelling Conference Universitat Valencia, Spain next week!
We were taking daddy hits last night
Hey! Please tweet me back. And please follow me
I love to workout! a Looking for as a personal trainer. I love to have fun and I don't want to ever stop In R.i
Thanks for the RT! :) I hope all is well today over at IKEA!
on edge all day waiting to see if pack make a move at rb
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Sun, May 6 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
light skinned
why so many places?
I said Fuck me means hi in spanish
Giving someone a second chance is like giving them an extra bullet for their gun because they missed you the first time.
<U+2744>It'll be snowing in Julian today! Stop by for warm fresh slice of apple pie & hot coffee or cider! Full belly<U+21E2>warm heart!<U+2744>
Because I can't take anyone seriously who equates "not conservative" w/ "baby killing" or "Marxist."
Who's ready 2 see me 4 Green Week! I can help U hit a home run on your energy bills! Take that, ! www.smartenergypays.com
I don't think I'm going to make it to class, I can't get out of bed! I'm pretty sick :/
I'm ready to start my garden for the summer.
Me 2! can't wait 2 see everyone in San Diego ;)
It's Friday!
Wait, so it's Teacher Appreciation Week AND National Charter Schools Week? Does that make it *extra special* for charter school teachers?
Thanks for the mentions about our Mother's Day promo!
would you like to walk with me in the morning while the boys are at breakfast? (Just a thought!)
~ Love the follow, will Follow back soon! Thanks.. Here's watching your tweets..
I cant get no sleep for anything in this world, makes no sense!!!
Talking about the #shiftyourshopping holiday campaign at conference.
I work for a studio. Please tell me what you guys do.
Still time to submit entries for SD Press Club Journalism Awards! Deadline Monday 5 p.m. More entry info www.sdpressclub.org.
lol @ this point im even struggling with spelling. was hoping you wouldn't call me out on it!
With those multiple guilty pleas by boxer Floyd Mayweather he should spend a long time jail but no guy got the dough.
I'm trying to find someone willing to pay 200 to go with me lol
remember it might be cloudy now but it won't rain forever.. Just don't let simple things keep you from smiling <3
I watched "The Monkees" all the time but bc I was about six, I can't remember a single episode. :) This is a classic clip!
I wish I felt better about myself so I could feel better about you..
pretty swell fellow older gentlemen ^__^ how are yall
Old music head ass mf....Papoose - Alphabetical Slaughter: via
M. Could you pick me up a coke slurpee? Love those. RT : That's it... I'm getting a Slurpee. This is ridiculous.
I enjoy talking in formal english, and using my extensive vocabulary. -Lauren
I do not get mentions lately :( Anyways , Heeyy ! :)
wow, you went there!
lol yea let's...... I hope they go to NYC again I'm close to there about a 4 hr drive
I live with a teenager and a pre teen..kinda the same thing. ;)
Round #5 is going strong (the final roundtable session). This fifth round will conclude at 3:55 p.m.
Thank you It was a lovely day. And congratulations! Make sure you have a po'boy.
haven't we reached the point where all the great ideas become failure proof blue prints in finance/tax policy?!
Mondays are always like that. I've learned to do work on Sunday so Mondays aren't so bad :)
So much to do so little time
This game is going to make me age 20 years?
At school: Indy opera, Fishers elementary pair up for &#39;H.M.S. Pinafore&#39;
You better be there!
which of them? I would like to marry iron man haha
We would like to take this opportunity to wish everyone a wonderful, blessed Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! Season's Greetings to all!
ill get it tatted on my butt.
gotta love push notifications. Hope to see you soon!
You're gonna have to learn the hard way.
Like, for every great band like UOA or Born Against, a hundred 25 Ta Lifes.
Bri think I'm playing
Your in my thoughts frequently, your in my dreams from time to time yet your not in my life anymore.....I really do miss you..
Haha we need to hang out sometime!
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher
RT : An #actor is only as good as his attitude.
I really need a committed intercessor for my computer.
Oh sweet #BayMusic! We are in you! Monday , Tuesday w//
Looks like ull b doin dishes, left mine to! “: #LiesThatAlwaysWorked I left my wallet at home haha wait to u see her face after
If santa had a basketball team, it would look something like the milwaukee bucks. Red. Green. Deer. Perfect.
I love that had #breakfast ! It is the best place in #LosAngeles! M... Crunchy french toast!!
How vain wall street jerks capriciously ruin markets with juvenile amusements
friends with benefits! xD
My creativity cravings are becoming more frequent! Where's the time?
Great #Tarot readers available all weekend and every day at www.shindigtarot.com with free video chat to get to know your reader!
Random long ass phone conversations with old friends are the best :)
Anyone know of a good gumbo/seafood place in New Orleans?
I know my rehearsing has come to a stopping point when my floor looks like I was plucking a hot pink chicken.
Right back at you!!!
Aw, thank you!
Yadkin Bridge on I-85, coming along, road closed 10 p.m.-6 a.m., both ways. MT : Mile Marker 86, Night Construction.
I failed that last one. I must do good. So so hard to study!
bigger names but Pujols and Upton couldn't hold Jones' jock this season. Your going off reputation
CANNOT wait for Saturday of
Sunday's go better with some korean BBQ...some San Su Korean BBQ!
Awww thanks so much! :)
RT : The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.~~ Gandhi
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Sausage, mushroom and cheddar quiche on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
I hear ya!
We found our cat at BARCS in Bmore. Were looking for personality. Ended up w/a critter we call "aggressively affectionate."
only a few more days of studying, then I'm free!
I'll treat you to for lunch today. Please check yes [ ] or no [ ]
There's a reason why Germantown is best WIAA hoops team in state. They beat Meno Falls and 84-47 tonight. Ouch.
The King's Speech wins #BestDirecting (Tom Hooper)
Help our buddies in Bow In Astoria get to 2200 "likes" go check em out! they like to party naked.
Negative... 3 words: headband curl swag RT stop hating on cuz he's prettier than you...lmao!
EOCT tomorrow... After that I'm done. #wishmeluck I'm gonna need it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I've seen at a show. Girl stripping on stage, alcohol was gone before 1st set ended, only 10 minute setbreak, Morning Dew!
Common as fires have been recently, there has been little advance made in the last half-century in the method of escaping that danger.
But he'll have a chance to impress RR in spring for sure. RT ... I was thinking he was a switch hitter.
Going bonkers for codekit. Thanks for the recommendation , &
Matt Ryan to #Falcons and Joe Flacco to #Ravens was an excellent first-round combination in the 2008 #NFL draft.
That moment when you rush into a bathroom and sit on the toilet and realize someone else is in there; and it's not a toilet; or a bathroom.
be running and exceeding now it ain't a joke
Damn Dick Clark died. RIP
I am creating duplicates of templates because backend developers don't know how to read HTML comments. Seriously?
Writing essays comes easy, it's just there's a lot of distractions.
Loud and proud RT : Guess who has no sense of volume.. ! Loudest Dude alive...
question -- what are some of your favorite euphemisms for being angry, as in "that really gets my goat" or "it makes my blood boil!"
1st boyhood crush: a neighbor's JET magazine with Jayne Kennedy on the cover. Yang to the yin of post about Six from Blossom.
where's home?
i want to see it. Hurt
can u please follow me? or promote me? it'd mean a ton to me!
thankd for the RT, have a good night!
Ski the Slopes is just 23 days away and the The Lodge is almost sold out! Get your pass and room now to join us for the sexiest ski weeke… #
Aren't they the one's with their hands in the poor box already?
#ReplaceAEminemSongWithPizza drop the pizza on em
So awesome to have 's David from IT talking about why they chose to partner with Wikipedia!
: sammiches are good but your white cat weirds me out.
Last day at the #AmericanMassageConference. We have lots of #Samples of so come over 2 booth 35 today before they're gone.
hold on I am going to try to see how to get u back on but use a computer
damn fab melo out for the tourney no championship for them
just doing my taxes now.
thanks so much for being there Chu! we loved having you. and we'll have to get you that Ransom t-shirt soon. :D
You could turn around and hike it like a football, and it'd still turn out better than John Wall's first pitch.
lmfao VERY TRUE you did well.. And for that I Thank you a tons ily!
Happy #WW fabulous lady!
lol they weren't thank god
GREAT LOOK!
I'm pretty sure the real issue here is how is it possible for there to be people who are against foie gras?
Not too late to join in!
Muffin Mania in our test kitchen today...really big ones bursting with blueberries and mini chocolate chips. Yum!
Getting a good workout in.
I knoww! It was absolutely disgusting. Not to mention I scrubbed his whole sink too. He's had ramen noodles there for 3 months..
Another Top Pick: 10/31 Sweeney Todd Shave-Off to benefit Movember. Free live music/discounted eats! RT Plz
best jelly beans ever! Bring e, to Murphy's, let's make jelly bean vodka shots....why not?
arghhh...i feel really sick! >:I
Hoppy Easter. Hope the bunny brought some good chocolate.
Lobster mac n cheese.
thank you magic .
I no longer know what we are talking about
SAME NIIIGAHHHHHHH. I want yogo so bad...
this is hilarious! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Keep eating !
Opened SHORT $USDCHF @ .9835; 6% of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 82% SHORT
you're welcome hot stuff
Do you realize? you're a GEM.
my favorite song on the ep too!
and errrrrbody else sorry about it! on that note, anyone know what to do when their twitter is spammed?? eek!
Shat the bed in singles, won in doubles, team won 7-2. I'll take that deal.
Man craigslist got EVERYTHING for sale!!
neighbor mowing his lawn, wtf Greg. really?
There are only three things I like to sleep with: 1. my girlfriend 2. teddy bears 3. prostitutes
We 2 motor city
Best. Day. Ever! If I told you why, you may not get it.
New song go check it. First song we are gonna release off the new ep
A change of life for a love that left
today is my dads birthday too!
Man I love the smell of bonfire on you clothes <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>= <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
mine sucks too.. Really wanna live in uk
Me: it looks like it's wrapped in toilet paper My mom: Aye Valeria! Hahaha
If you have a facebook (which is kind of a duh) go like this!!! facebook.com/DeathbeatJam
Beautiful weather in Austin, TX just in time for
14 hours until I leave to go see #HarryPotter in 3D.
Baltimore Best Crabs recommends Bo Brooks Restaurant 2701 Boston St. Baltimore (410) 558-0202 Hot Steam Crabs a must! Great Views!
His take on Baracks support of gay marriage was laughable. EK is a moron.
3am and im still up? OMG.!
Great video.
Family wanted to watch a movie. I felt like a lump, I did nothing today...
You mean to say you are ready for another round of b*ttkicking workout?!?
check out the great recommendation that our client Lori left on our FB page!
Got iced
The good guys dont mess with other girls while in a relationship outta respect for there lady
RT : Behind Oscar 8:29pm ****-- hilarious last night Ben. Hope you didnt snag your trouser trout with that fish hook
love you girl <333
all these if I were you girlfriend tweets are making me kinda wish guys like you went to my school
Looks good! We'll look into it. Thanks!!
you two shush I'm still a little private school kiddo <U+26EA><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> haha
Time to go to bed its 4:00 a.m night twitter people muahhhh <U+2661><U+2661><U+2661>
omg I have to show you it , it was the best 2 minutes and 30 seconds of my life ....
may sound weird, but u just did a beautiful tribute via Twitter. Now more people know of your dear friend.
It is very difficult for illegal immigrants in the US who are caught breaking the law, especially if they have children who are citizens...
Thank u
Hey Get $20 for $40 worth of food/drinks at Los Toltecos Mexican Restaurant in Winchester (close to campus) at www.cityciao.com
and I have been to twice over the last 4 days. Can't stop craving the "Ivy League"!!
Just went to see "Julie and Julia". Meryl Streep is simply an amazing actress who nails Julia Child to a tee.
Unsure when someone's service animal is legit or when to grant access? We can help your business and your staff! Contact us
the OJ Simpson of today " I would give up the rushing title to be in the playoffs " ... The glove don't fit.... Lol
did you do treasure island last year?
clippers will.win the series
Not sure why, but your takes seemed stronger when you lived in Texas.
Fire Marshall warns of carbon monoxide danger. Urges all homeowners to use CO detectors as required by new state law.
now know why people wear slippers out in public they are so comfy! apparently I've had the wrong kind of slippers for 34 years
Hey Cliff!! Hope your doing great. Really hope you will be around Citi Field this season. Would be an honor to meet you.
Looking forward to hearing SFPUC presentation on SSF water line rupture at tonight's Council meeting. Many questions remain.
Thanks, that's awesome!
yo my name is Jimmy keener, I got a big weener, put it in yo mouth, and don't call me a beaner!
Floyd got it
Awesome! how do us lay people get our hands on one?
Tipping point: when did my musical tastes slip into the swill of nostalgia?
I have been real busy on my facebook selling group.I have not ever seen any benefit on twitter.
"We came. We saw. We kicked it's ass."
What pictures??
thx for the suggestions – now following &
there we have it then. we will play country!
RT : Tweet 1000 goes out to my fellow #comicnerds. I hope to see most of you this January at the
Dragons have a wicked sense of humor.
"People don't care about how much you know until they know how much you care"
This Rome Fortune video is in the deep end. #genius flow
lol I'm talking about my brothers son
I have a food allergy to banana's. Can another high potassium-rch fruit sub for banana?
thanks for listening :)
Q3 Popularity. In undergrad I chose a popular school rather than focusing on my financial outlook and educational needs.
I'm really looking forward to it on DVD. And I'm not ashamed!
Have a great day! Will b thinking of u guys! MT : Up and at 'em this morning. Let's do this
Be nice :(
I don't know! I got mine today. :)
just 2 :) I only played, in matches, at 2. Regardless, still a good move for UWM.
her did...the little mixed guy taking over street...i can't remember his name right now
That sounds chill!
My dream is that would follow me
Ladies, come cheer me up! ;)
thank you very much for sharing MentorMob! :) Appreciate it! Let us know if you need anything!
so excited my Wonder Woman, Batman, Batgirl, and Superman bookmarks have been shipped from #ALA. Can hardly wait #yep,I'mageek
good to see you too Furry!
“Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Our problem is they leave them all over the place. We pick up as many as three carts full of books every day.
Guess Cafepress' calendar is different than mine. PayPal commission payment to be paid on the 15th, not received yet. Not happy.
bet how many games did we win?
look at twitter...
me too...oh wait I'm an alternate :/
Quote of the day: "I'm not asking you to clean up after everyone else, I'm asking you to clean up after yourself."
Now at the Pinterest conversation. Co-founder said he was a collector as a kid. Always liked the idea of collecting.
I've tried today's mainstream "rap" and i'm not gonna lie, they have good beats, but i feel disgusting if i try to rap along with them
prayer said for Colleen in church today. Love and hugs to both of you.
had on his show today. I got to hear the replay! That must have been one hell of an interview!!!
I wanna leave my footprints on the sands of time.
great to see all of you at #CraftsmanDIY. Gonna go build now.
ok thank you very much!
we gotta
Twitter people talk about something other than SXSW I'm not there and it's just starting to make me mad that I cat see the cool bands!
I participated in the flash mob- way fun!- know where there might be pics and video? Saw lots of photogs!
Personally, I've always hated NC & that was b4 any vote.
Let me not waste the rest of my 20s on such foolishness...
Movie recommendation is Bridget Fonda in "Point of No Return"
man my website is very early in the game...I'm really a very new author and the website is gonna be a kind of "journey"
I'm more than happy to be serving you guys #3for1s with your
>Quote: Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
Wishbone the dog and the salad dressing are everything to me. I just remembered that.
no little dogs! Dez is here ;)
So what's the show called?
& I got a #SO from on her radio blog. WOOT <U+E404> Thanks, friend! you're the best! <U+E405>
Three seat swaps and now I'm in a window seat!
I never was the loser type nigga i stay winning
What a night
I'm tempted to try to write the ultimate airport novel: an airport-bound page-turner, mesmerizing and then totally disposable.
What ms. fletcher
Derby Street Greyhound Race Tri Super carryover presently is at $19,298.00 and growing!
I'm looking forward to it... Just passing through. (:
Happy Spring to you too!!!! Spring is my favorite season of the year!!!!
Had to shave my chin strap
Check out new 2012 Hot Bikini and more...
My granny just said "when my boy get Def Jam, he gon buy me a 2013 Prius"....come on granny a Prius, I'm thinkin at least Camry tho lol
I mean come on. At least TRY to think of something witty...
thanks for including me on the list
how about selling your beer to the State that has always supported you.... There's an idea.
thanks for the birthday wish! I hope you're well!! :)
are you serious...? lol you really need to watch the whole thing, its so good.
Is that why it got so bright in here? Had to break out the sun glasses. LOL
We did awesome!! At our concert!!
Thank you for coming and thank you for the publicity help!
It's like a pie eating contest for which the prize is more pie... status upgrade to 1st at the gate. SEA --> SFO
I love and And I don't care what you think of me(: #DedicatedFan #Mahomie #Acon <33
hell yea
I get to see her live next Friday!!!!
You're welcome. It's a terrific book.
Seeley's talk is based on research in , esp. minutes of Committee on Instruction 1939-1945
nope. I'm in lets just say "upper SE" lol
Lololol that would be the best 50 cents I ever spent! I would cut it up and put it in 50-foot bowls of mac and cheese.
“: If you suggest that I date your friend, don't make a creepy/rapey face while describing him. #datingtips” Solid advice.
Happy Birthday :)
Md. attempted murder suspect fails to show at trial
RT : RT : What are you doing to celebrate Early College High School Week 2012?
One advantage of developing on Android - it's easier to run betas than on iOS
I don't like boring texters. Then again I don't like texting at all. Maybe its because of that reason?
“: About to go on stage at #digiday. What a great group: , ”
Hey Joanna, thanks for following. I'm be sure to keep all of my tweets entertaining!
Y do ppl make new years resolutions? most ppl give up after the first day......
Oh , all I needed was to download a damn client. Then you made me fill out a huge annoying "account creation" form. Now I hate you.
is it arts and crafts day at your house? Lol!
To sub or not to sub, that is the question. Which do you prefer?
true. Hitting a party I think.... you?
It's a lazy day for me...I'm making some strawberry pancakes, eggs, and yes, #Bacon here shortly. What's the buzz on today, Indy?
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness Like resignation to the end, always the end
Haha regular show is funny.
honestly justin deserves better friends
Where the hell will this money come from??
Hello! I'm whoorli. Join our new community today!
Shoutout to all the great moms out there :^)
I bet that in prison everyone's FB relationship status is set to "it's complicated"
Forget about the missionary Girl you know we grown. Put you in postitions that you never even known
Roger that. PS, don't forget to add to your tweets so I get them. ;)
...I have had both my kids fall asleep in my arms...when just 30 minutes prior was showing signs of discomfort......
what's the word man???
Fucking joke the #NHL is. You can't fucking grab the puck and pass it behind you. Such bullshit
good morning you too
wacthing x factor too
thanks for the kind sentiment about belonging on the list of top innovative companies!
in#civility as political performance for ratings -- so is #civility a class issue?
Probably not, but I 100% support it.
Falling asleep in this darn chair <<<<<
I need some pinnacle whipped!
And the ice cream trucks are out...
SUPER long and wonderful shoot for a cover today, LOVING my new camera!!!!!
Um, we might suggest the 1st choice. We promise 2 make u happy. Opening song: "Don't worry be Happy" or "I can see clearly now"
No matter what anyone's opinion do what makes you happy!! I am!! www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
These insant follow back people...aren't really instant haha
I leave for Europe at like 3 in the morning tomorrow. So call me now!
Aunt Catfish is one of my favs. Just south in Port Orange
Happy Birthday, Bach!
haha would make sense but completely out of them
My brother and I are doing the Color Run in DC in September - want to run with us?
I see that is pouring Ravines wines Monday night! Had my first bottle thanks to you.
Much love for you Amy!!! Always... Your music brings so many memories. Much love. Dr. Spanish
yes, let's! ;) local And time babe.
Imagine that! Jason talking smack about me???!!!!!!!! Gotta laugh :) Matlock is the bomb! lol
I think I'm getting sick or something cuz my nose been stopping up for the past 2 days -__-
When I don't get to see my girlfriend after school <<
what in the world..
Today at 9 - we are in the kitchen with Rania & we are also speaking with Mrs. Colorado Globe about "smiling" across America! Join us.
#ctfxcwedding Omg i just saw alli in her dress and she looked gorgeous thanks for your lazy vlog
i know, but it makes me wonder sometimes if im even meant to have a relationship, like some "higher calling" if u will.
Thanks for today's column - agree 100%!
HAPPY 25th!! WE LOVE YOU!!! x
ok I'm headed to church right now my neighbor is looking too. Will let u know
Nyjer Morgan is my least favorite player in baseball.
Why are all the most relevant (to me) presentations on Friday?
Kicking off the #hcmf2010 conference with Angela Bailey from OPM
Wonder who else up besides me
Its wednesday!!
I WANT A FUCKING BURGER FROM IN N OUT
yeah JazzB they are in trouble Now! Lol
Lol, well. That might possibly be a good thing.
Matt Canada ran spread off. at NIU; knows how to work talent onto field. said James White was @ WR on some 2TB plays in practice
Made $8.40 in an hour via ChaCha! THANK YOU! I'm on my way to buying a macbook!
me and wayne lean like kareem doing hook shots
who are you?
Shut up Lucas. Just admit you're gay.
Has tweeted about dates yet because it seems my phones being stupid with its tweets......
Hope you're having a good weekend in Vail. I have your hair tie! :)
It doesn't count if you sleep with them first! RT nope, I asked someone yesterday.
Kittie is playing at the Beaumont. So there is always that...
It's very different. Not everyone is (and can be) an autodidact…besides that it's unproven.
I hope the queen dies.
lmao. RT ryan ross is George Harrison reincarnated. the more i watch Help! the more i think of ryan ross. George= George. WEIRD.
Happy Mother's Day! I love my Mom! <3
3% looks small (re: social mobility) but I would think it compares favorably to most times in history and most places today?
Saying no can be the ultimate in self-care. Claudia Black
For a WHOLE MONTH? But some animals are just so tasty. LOL. Just kidding. Do your thing. I know you can do it.
Kylie saying only a matter of time. This class coming together.
Brrrr.. dudes talk the most crap in the barber shop.. n they watching "CHEATERS" On all the t.v.'s >.< lmao
hey i want the new toliet the "Fjartzenpiipi" it does everything dude im lik no noway awsome dude yea 'brien
this one is my personal. (:
#YouGettinPunchedIf We in my Car, & U Get a Call & Turn Down the Music So You Can Have A Long Conversation
All the hoopers be from out of state :) lol
OMG I need to know what that was!
Check out my new website www.hawthornesvoice.com #voiceover #VO #voice over
love the coca cola advert<3
I hate when I leave my apartment on time and I'm STILL late
GOOD AFTERNOON MY TWITTER HEARTS!!!! WHAT'S GOING ON IN TWITTER WORLD
My partner better have a cream shirt ...
Sitting feels so good sometimes.
lol shut up we already went over this lol dnt try to show out twitter ..!! lol
JUST realized what this tweet was referring to i think...UP DOWN UP DOWN UP DOWN!
thanks 4 the followback! if uneed and sharpening or wanna check out my shears, call text or tweet! i got the good good :)
now, it's to move to san diego, surf all day & bartend at night
Went to sea world today had a blast shamu was great! can't wait to get back to start work on our new video going to chill tommorow
thanks John
I just don't know for sure where it is lol. :D
yeah, just a fender bender, but if when it rains, it pours, it's fucking hailing on me today.
A storm is-a brewin'.
Residents started moving in a week ago. More to come on 's neighbors in the Brookland Lofts :-)
not too shabby. I kind of want to try it now lol
of coarse ;)
YTB Mentoring School. Attend with 1 friend, one time/month in person. If you don't have 500 in your team U get a RangeRover Evoque & $2K/mo.
WOW! HOW DID I DIE?! I DEFINITELY SHOT HIM FIRST!
it HURTS! dont u get it?!
ohh then y are they starting crap....
#TempleRun is finally on #Android!
this RT “: Hungry, tired, bored, sleepy -__-”
The ONLY people that are close to me is my Brothers David,Daijon,my cousin Andre,ke ,my mom,& my number one love
Artist John Reid - "Walking the solar system, an upgrade on global."
laughing at the teacher's jokes so they keep telling them and waste more class time
me too love! I'm great and I miss your beautiful face!
Fridays aren't supposed to be busy days.
Hello Friends. Stop by today and make something with Come and be creative!
deffff am, nothing is stopping me from going to wildwood. You know hoe ass gonna be out there too w/ us! Lmao
I wish all my favorite local bands and would all play one huge show!
thanks love (:
#AskBieber do you plan on doing a song with your girlfriend ?
Field trip
Winter is fucking here motherfuckers! Life has meaning once again!
As a new dad myself, I understand that no parent is unfamiliar with the smell of anus. So, yeah: li'l Fabreeze and go!
your tweets are #epic, you have enough personality to go around for everyone! Your wifey is a lucky lady <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
In raleigh at #nc3adl2011 - community college distance learning conference. excited to attend my first session soon!
Welcome John Lithgow and Boyd Gaines back to Broadway! 's THE COLUMNIST starts previews tonight!
Back later this evening.
Boulevard trio over at Bocktown Tavern in Robinson tonight. Haven't been? It's a great place to beer.
also a biennial is fundamentally non-commercial though it has commercial leverage.
JOSH GARCIA.. Remember This Name And This Face...
yay for you being the voice of #Asami in the avatar #korra! Great job!!!!!!!
U don't make any sense
I think I watch too much
I'm not Too sure how I feel about, but I'll take all the badges I can get!
Why do people slob when they sleep..R they thirsty?
uh-oh. What are your legs doing?
Holy crap over 1000 followers! We <3 each and every one of you. We <3 the pornbots most though ;)
I know and agree. Makes sense. Just joking abt
a necessity?...
Teuxdeux is a super simple too do list. I'll chk out What's it for?
good girl haha ;P
Pretty sure I can do a better job making free throws than these guys.
Bless up, Positive! Link up sometime, would love to network, do some werkz, Blessings & Prosperity I-tinually.
I can't ever be brave 'cause you make my heart race <3
DAMN... DOWN BY 5.... #SMH.. #RALLYCAPS ON... I MUST SAY I'M NOT HAPPY THAT WE'VE BEEN PLAYING CATCH UP THEAE PAST FEW GAMES..
Just saw #MadMen premiere. Only Christina Hendricks should be allowed to sing in French, accordion optional. That is all.
So we don't need edu? MT : ; your continued ass of RET football players to gen pop is what is truly silly! Really!!
Super sleepy goin to sleep early tonight
last night in italy!
": I thought you may have another GTL kinda day" <- you know me a little too well.
Ah, gotcha. Nice choice with Tiffani-Amber Thiessen :)
#intervention RT : I always get drunk like its my birthday or like I'm celebrating something.
oh no... I will call to confirm mine as well. thanks for heads up
I love pork chops <3
Sure sign that you're a pathetic loser IRL: MT Just saw a guy with a Yankees hat and Steelers shirt.
haha oh okayy i was just wondering :) i really dont know my height either
#InfiniteSmiles <--- I will never get tired of that(: lol.
Thanks for the #FF :-)
Happy New Year! Here's to a great 2012.
miss u too
and a response! Usually only steve responds... Thus making u the shit ha :-)
An Elegant Brunch Centerpiece
can someone tell me why i'm awake right now...?
Ten hours of work #gay now #party and
Dear #Glee writers, at 18 years old time is not 'running out' to decide what you want to do with the rest of your life.' I'm still not sure.
When I just finish smoking a cigg and people smell it and they tell me it's bad for me<<< I fucking know that! I've heard it a million times
Unseasonably warm with highs near 90. Mostly sunny skies!
Wiz Khalifa : Black and Yellow Rick Ross : Snacks and Jello
that's when we were thinking, thanks for the heads up!
I had a dream last night i had a sesh with the cast of jersey shore (y)
I survived work. Thankfully the phone lines were kind to me today.
I have no idea why I can tolerate 2 ppl talking on the bus, but my blood starts to boil when i have to listen to someone on their cellphone
Only 7 days to enter the recipe contest and a chance to win that Holland Grill! Don't wait, enter today. Voting will start May 1st.
Good one Ron Paul. Send politicians to the moon.
please FOLLOW me back ? :DD I love ur tweet so muchh .
Man look at Urkel on the Syfy channel.
The movie - Think like a man - coming out on my birthday April 20 :D
How is your summer going so far?
A good reminder. RT : Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. - George Bernard Shaw
Thank you TapNY!!! What an incredible weekend
two best days of the sports year today and tomorrow...hands down..
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 5) When u really are right about something, but ur "friends" or parents can't stand to be wrong cuz they r "right"
The lady with a camera
you excited for your return to Lambeau? Week 2 of preseason, can't wait!
There go my people. I must find out where they are going so I can lead them. ~ Alexandre Ledru-Rollin
Dying of exhaustion, but I need to stay up texting cute girls <3
I guess that means will be coming to NYC tonight!
Yup, we used to run the courts here at Liggett. Unfortunately I didn't inherit that gene, LOL!
yep it's in my car along with the first four albums of theirs... They are my all time favorites.
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
lol too funny!
its going to take a lot of peer pressure lol, but i wont rule out the possibility
Rock Wall Winery Spring Splash 2day, 1p-5p. 2301 Monarch St Alameda, @ the Naval Base. Wine tasting, tours, food, and music by DJ Styles.
I'm too insecure. Too indecisive.and crave too much attention to be with anybody.
thanks for your photography today!
Thanks, Mare. I just feel numb right now.
Dm me your email to send some tracks to
Warm weather should bring out tons of buyers for Spring Home Shopping. Great deals on jumbo loans is making home buying really affordable.
If you haven't followed us already, make sure to check us out
Michael phelps is here. with very aggressive facial hair.
Anything is possible2those who believe in Christ. "W/God all things R possible&I can do all things thru Christ who gives me strength."Bible
Immortal tech
Youu Should Come To Detroit , Michigan We Wanna See Youu Over Here !
that awkward moment when you know its a awkward moment and everybody knows its awkward and then somebody says AAWWWWKKKKWWAAARRRDDD
Still thinking about the little puppy that could have been ran over this morning in the road. I want him:(
yeah I've been taking Spanish for 5 years now and next year I'm taking AP Spanish
got it :-) I forked the repo and look forward to playing :-)
Hot cold hot cold hot cold hot cold
because I'm perfect(;
JUSTINS JUST. I CANNOT.
God is greater than any problem I have. ~
Everyone! Stay tuned on August 21st. "It's a date?" - Sam Miller
Ha, I'm sure all three of his followers are really taking this to heart! Big Mex you're the man!
NBC: Pres. Obama was planning to announce new position before Charlotte conv. But Biden sped things up.
So let's get the money out of politics. What are we waiting for? Time's up.
I didn't mean 2 When i tried to follow u I click 2 times&it unfollowed yuh I tried 2 follow yuh bakk but u hit a followin limit
If i cant have him then fuck love i just want sex. Ijs
Thanks Natalie!
Starting off break with watching #Dexter... Best show ever.
Seeing the Cabin in the Woods with my mom and my sissy. :)
got u
Cup or no cup that's pure pain
RT : Learning is like rowing upstream: not to advance is to drop back. Chinese Saying
But assuming intelligent people are daft is just so much easier ... ;-)
Pinkard: find interest areas and then encourage more practice, that's self motivation to learn a skill
getting my posse together tonight for our first #burningman meeting. The planning begins! Year 3 for me...
Stanley Cup
For all the great Christian artists that did NOT win Dove awards, please buy their music - they need our support!
Adam & Eve don't eat that fruit <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E>
#undernocircumstances should the Holocaust not be taught in schools and universities. 1933-1945: Remember.
me too!!
Haha u if only I was invasible!
I am definitely late to the party, but I just found and I love it =)
why yu hating :/
Yes! RT Help #volunteers see how they fit into the bigger picture at your organization
10 hours of battery life, 9 hours on 4G
Trust nothing you hear and only half id what you see.
RT/ Whoa!!!!! I LOVE YOUR CD!!! I have Party 2 Crash stuck in my head! love it girl! You rock!! actually im gonna buy it :)°
There's a group trying to ban plastic bottles from campus entirely...
"Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go." - T.S. Elliot
Fine xD Next saturday?
“: I don't feel ready for this exam /:”
hahaa!! Thanks my man! I see you live in my hometown!!
Coffee shop in Beverly Hills
got you playa..just gotta balance it out. but i got you boss
RT: Wit's End Ticket Giveaway 5 PM ET today via Twitter! Answer trivia & go to party on Saturday free!
I think the best place I've ever been to would probably be the Wizarding World at.. Universal Studios?
Did anyone burst into tears at the relational calculus comment? :)
Hahaha! It makes me so happy that you like it!
Thanks for the support, Karina and Kat! And Kat, I would LOVE for you to preview it before it launches! Thank you so much for the offer!
Peace. Aim to be impossible to stop. #Stay Drivn
Come to 's concert doc inside of the Sooner Theatre tonight. It starts at 7 and there will be a special acoustic set.
Yet other reports state he says he will support Ron Paul.
BLOCK THAT SHIT
Opening day for my favorite sports season: the #NBAPlayoffs!!
Lady sangers. Are U doing what U WANT, or what U THINK will get U signed? Label executives can tell the difference. Put clothes on and SING.
Dan Knott, Respected Former Chrysler Purchasing Chief, Dies
Can...you help me, I'm bent? I'm so scared that i'll never...be put back together.
I was stating what I take 2b an objective fact about the state of the nation, not personal preferences.If u disagree, make ur case
I want to live somewhere where it snows <U+26C4>
Is it Friday already?
It has to be. At the very least, I should be able to move the stupid panel back to the bottom of the screen.
is there such a thing? if so i am totally down. get me some info!
After much jazz & good long distance company, finally finished inputting the crazy amounts of data from library wkrs...calling it a night.
go away thnx girl
Old-Fashioned Graham Crackers with Turbinado Sugar Recipe from Epicurious
Make the world a more beautiful place.
Man, my gf is snoring ,so I tapped her on the forehead and told her to wake up and go to sleep.
Today in Invention History: Phineas Quimby issued patent for a steering machine, 1850
Take a seat Klein!!
yay!!! haha you have joined the awesomeness of twitter
Our website is taking a bit of a hiatus for a week or so until we get a new host. Still keeping the domain though!
The Thompson ad was hilarious to have in the middle of this debate.
Wake up wake up I dont wanna wake up wake up
Thanks for the shout on our story. It's an important one for some caregivers!
Don't try to do everything yourself. You need help, Outsource if you're an online marketer.
my phone will not last till then… either way it is fall for sure… just unsure if Sept or Oct.
All you can do is play your best. If you do, you *will* eventually reap the rewards.
#Reasonstoohatepublictransportation When a nigga dont take his meds decided's too have a episode got the camara if he start going ham
You're gonna make it all the way! Almost there!<3 #YEE (:
and if they disagree I'll have a host of bad names to call them!
We love it!: happy to share a zipcode with these folks:
Live music with Capital Down. 9pm. Drink specials all night!
Blink182 is sound checking at Kimmel right now and it's making me feel old.
You done fell and bumped yo head
can you follow me back for fad- trying to grow the fad twitter account!
Interactive Saturdays - Q & A session begins now. Drop a line, leave a Q, or a general thought on fitness. We'll respond.
speaking on Connecting Digital and Physical Worlds: Learnings from the IJdijken Project
I miss you guys! I would love to visit! Are you free Saturday afternoon/evening? Maybe we can go out to dinner?
that book mention griffins?
|#quotes Success is not built on success. It's built on failure. It's built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.
Yes! Graduation day...Congratulations to all my fellow graduates! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089> #C/O2012
Running away from any problem only increases the distance from a solution
I don't usually comment on the political front but it's time for unions to wake the hell up.
So precious!
well i mean just hold up you only have 3more weeks
2.5 percent earning $111,750 for a family of four will face financial hardship should they have greater health care needs.
Beautiful people.
I would love to, but I kind of want to be social tonight. I think I may be coming down with something. :)
DS: Your team is in the midst of a FUCKLOAD of Salary Cap casualties.. GTFOH RT :
you boys are #hockeygods great job tonight we are with you
Tripping on a crack in the sidewalk and then looking back at it while you stumble .....and checking it out if anyone saw you trip....U FOOL!
HEY BOO BOO
BUT. I kiss better. (:
I believe "That is France, not America" is a quote from one of John Adams' letters to Thomas Jefferson.
Buying $6 Trader Joe's prosecco like everyone else.
Got sum whoppin money in my pocket diz weekend
Well, of course you are!!!!
Whatta day. So tired!! Goodnight!!
hit my box with ur personal email
Gotta love Rocky IV, but Apollo dying was sure a downer.
lost 1 follower :(
sometimes there is nothing you can do right:(
Girlfriend on coworker: Sandy can't come into work today, because he cut his finger this past weekend and had to go to the emergency room...
80% of all retirees do not relocate, indicating "retirement communities" continue to carry a negative stigma for most seniors.
Yay Green Queen Team!!!
In order to succeed I guess you must fail.....I don't fail so much shit its about that time I start succeeding.....
Just downloaded #instagram for #android. I'm not sheepish about being part of the herd.
S/O to reppin Middleton Highschool to the whole country in the NFL!
hey! You're a prolific tweeter now! Keep up the tweets!
Without a doubt!
heading to Ethiopia next month. Can't wait to see the projects Ethiopian Orphan Relief has been able to complete with our generous donors.
tear him up! show that Vandy grad whose boss (UK fan here!)
Damn, I think the smoothies at CHOMP might just be the best in #monterey no joke.
Knight Foundation is looking for creative ideas on how to use technology to spur offline action.
Thanks so much lady! How've you been?
Well, boo hiss to me being on antibiotics for the weekend. I'm not contagious but it means I can't drink.
HAs anyone ever told you that you are BRILLIANT? #DesignerMasks ;-)
at the roxy promises to be Ill
So u comment on her photos saying mean things about her. Ur not cool, k?
Oh, Austy actually has managers now? Lol, brb, crying and remembering summer. xx
School so
thanks, man.
lol oh shit! o.o come get some popcorn
I would have sent you 8000 kitkat bars instead of butterfingers... cus you needed a break from football
Thanks Michelle! Frozen fruit is so yummy!
It feels nice to actually have a NICE conversation without the arguing & bitching.
Think good thoughts for Riley... He's getting an ultrasound 4 his enlarged puppy heart.
Ever wonder where to get a rain barrel? In some cities you can get them for free. Here's a website that shows some of the styles available:
if a zombie apocalypse happened who would you want with you? ( can be a real person or a character )
Yeahh haha I love him! It was the best concert ever!
That's awesome! We're interviewing TAP & Before you exit do you have any questions for them?
Hart goes yard in ATL - tied up at 8-!
Goal for tonight: Eat a bug sundae. Yes, real bugs. Will post pic if I succeed.
What the hell is march break??? i wish they had that shit when i was in school lol
Socially productive day. Ate too much, though.
Ava looks happy and excited for her walk! How adorable :)
thanks so much roger! Have a happy Easter! :)
some German piss burr and some blue moon I picked up tonight.
So... Philly marathon, eh? I've got the family here watching the festivities.
Skateboarding stunts abound in the Prague Airport
He's never hurt you as badly as you're hurting him.
i love genuinely nice people. they are not easy to come by.
Are you watching Mud People ? It's on right now!
No, please don't RT yourself, I'll find them!
how does Tony Siraguse have a job? Are there no overweight, mediocre ex players who can put together a sentence available?
hookah longue tonight with some of my rounds #happy18thbirthday to me :)
When you #focus on one thing, it changes everything.
Whaaaaaattt and dolly Parton?! R u flippppinnnn kidding me!!!?
#off I miss when the NHL was European dominated
That's a crappy deal for you
Yard signs are up all over Westlake for tomorrow's 2012 NEO Spring Avant-Garde Art & Craft Show, a late night success! See you tomorrow!
technically isn't MY show, I've no idea whose show it is, nothing to do with me whatsoever-but good show nonetheless!
Playing Christmas music always puts me in a good mood
Nearly 20 years old and Shawshank Redemption is still as timeless and compelling as any movie I've ever seen
RT : RT See the fabulous art of at 1323 E. Brady St. on Saturday at 8p!
Nothing is better than a little town named Austin.
yay...I am happy right now cuz I think u will like this one page. Go to my fb wall real fast and see the last 2 pages I like
Happy Easter! He died for s all Love you! Visualize and you will acheive!
in the morn can u bother justin and tell him to follow me ill give credit to u
Some people are so poor, they only have money.
Another exceptional display this eve, Pascucci. Bravo!
I'll only accept criticism from people who have actually been here.
Great turnout and participation from all of our #FPAC20 artists! They're ready to give you a great show! Who are you excited to see at FPAC?
Lol omg im so awk when i take selfies.
Also, Omar pisses with the bathroom door open and talks to you when you're walking by. I don't think he feels that shitty
hoes like that are called "R A T S"
email me at risotto recipes are a little longer than 140 characters!
Oh man. That is SO embarrassing. You might as well quit now.
Thanks for the follow. Can't wait for September. Bike Share and Green Bikeways go good together.
That song and a few others are on iTunes. I'm working on a full length project now ;) But you can always share those videos
Ha tell me you are being serious about this. Yo , forrrreal it's illegal for 'pre-10am' Thermo classes in Texas?
food that's always in my house. 1) double stuffed oreos. 2) lunchables 3) koolaid
okay awesome! I owe you multiple drinks, see you in a few :)
I know. The MTV one was so cute. Theyre hilarious, especially together. This one was actually like the yes-no show. It's good.(:
Headache and my throat hurts:/
I should write some music
Hello People! Go to www.thepropertylover.com
how did i not know there was a #chipotle ap for iphone until right now?! oh it's on.
yup! choke cubs choke! erik told me he is going to return the show and get 2k12 cuz of that ad! jackin! lol
well, I'm officially creeped out
I just won some free business cards from them thru Klout. I haven't used it yet. But, I thought it was cool!
Wish I can go to my dream school, but its just impossible for me to go there
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Traci Lords - Last Drag (Sted-E & Hybrid Heights Dub Remix)
Found naked pics of some of my friends , and people I went to school with , on my bro's comp .. Ugh . I'm pissed ! My friends are hoes ..
What is the users name
KEEP THE QUESTIONS COMING (:
New year here wonder what's in store I know it's gotta be good
Just gave advice on #omegle . Probably wasn't very good.... I hope that kid doesn't listen to a stranger from the internet...
I keep asking the same question. Who is he, and what is being done to him?
Wahoo! That's great news.
Happy 33rd Birthday to We're glad you're still alive and kickin'.
Jus left the florida mall headed home
I wanted to watch that dictator movie but that comes out next week. I guess Avengers would work
What's wrong? /:
Wow, #texans did not entertain today. Wish I was able to watch the
New Music Tuesday! What are you listening to right now??
Greek step show! Tomorrow, riverside theater. 6pm. $25.08!
Ol' man winter is back! How nice...maybe a snow storm next week? Sure, why not???
#orioles t, mocha lattes, bad guitar, random spam-me schemes...
Hello good morning good afternoon and good evening, my life does not suck because of the Holy Trinity. Have a good one.
I disagree, but I see your line of thought. I think the complexities of language are more difficult to grasp than basic math.
Word. ": "Hate is never conquered by hate, Hate is only conquered by love."-Buddha"
hey how you doing? I've been crying for like ever
no who askes that even people who are in their 40's are excited about it
Oh snap! I see now :)
is killin' it with over 77,000 man hours of work since it's inception!
Oh well that's idiots for you what can we do about them
its true
you are an awesome person Joey
instead she would whisper swag in your ear over and over
how about that mount, does it work well>?
Unfortunately we live in a time where what was once considered abnormal has become the "new" normal
69.69- your so pretty girl and your really funny :)
lol! I wish!
I'm envisioning Optimus Prime
That was the most 'scared-graceful' flying I've ever seen ! You had us laughin' in the office. Good work.
ooh- going shopping too- maybe I'll bump into you! Next week is fine. Basically free Mon, wed and fri eves. Any of these suit ya?
you know what I am talking about!
I fuckin love !
Pretty sure I'm sitting next to Sam from icarly on the bus right now. Hahaha it looks JUST LIKE HER. It's scary!
YOU'RE JUST LIKE JOHN MAYER! Just watched Bucky Larson for the first time. Good times!
And...the Builda the Re-Bicycler free app giveaway has ended. It's now $1.99, and worth every penny. Thanks to all who downloaded!
Next Actors Meeting July 30th at 7pm!!
I need to do something fun tonight!
im too bored!
NY friends, please join Wexley for the Washington vs Oregon game at Feile (131 W 33rd). may paint himself purple. 10:30PM
On the hunt for preshow food.
follow 4 a follow?<U+2665>
I have been using AT&T Microcell at home & work for about 1 month. Verdict: This thing is awesome! I can use my phones indoors!
With my bestfriend kkkkbye need more info tweet me up ;33
will both pokerstars and FTP pros be represented in the FPL?
Yeah, that's a great play. One of my faves.
we was the only black ppl playing in that party lol
STILL HORNY
Props to Gooch for using an Archer gif in his article. I can hardly believe the Star lets you do that.
yea...ima come thru in a few
My Granny used to love Hawaii 5.0 (Old version) & I used to watch it with her. I wonder if she were still alive if she'd like the new
yeah... that's my theory. also my favorite scens are when her character's breathing elevates when he stares at her.
consider a game started!
Interested to test the site with us? Message us at
Died in my dream again last night. Car crash this time. Death in my dreams 2 out of the last 3 nights if you're keeping score.
So Cute!!!
QoTD: "It is more important to outthink your enemy than to outfight him." (Sun Tzu)
your seriously heartbroken about missing a game for one of your oldest friends wedding?
Wowie ZOWIE!!! Here's a special thanks to Sean for donating $25!! Thank you Sean! You are Chum Buddy, and also an International Heart Throb!
#FemTechNet Peeps: where would you send a student to do a PhD in feminism and technology?
All you can do is shake it off and take it to the Wizards on Sunday.
Countdown to Collaboration! Join #DesignBizChat this morning at 10 am ET to discuss how it creates opportunities for your biz! Don't miss!
Check out the Mod Factory Collection 2012, A Fashion Show this Thursday Night...I will be walking the Runway for Designer; Carlos De Moya.
Midlakes Basketball: Our game tonight has been postponed to Monday night...same time, same place.
On the way to concert hall in Asdod. As their arena
The essential government service costs are increasing because of private sector inflation but salaries of only the top increase
ungrateful >.< sorry to hear about your mom and sister /:
When will you announce what proposals are accepted?
Happiness is redesigning the mobile version of your blog so it looks good on :)
yes. Looking forward to it.
That's right, the first day after I finished everything having to do with the university I woke up with a cold.
RT : We love this! RT : #Thoughtoftheday- "Life has no limitations, except the ones you make." Les Brown
Yes please, yes please! RT I'm going to try!!
Giiiirlllll, I didn't realize this was YOU! Zsameria just straightened my $@$&@* out. Leave it to Z! Hey Hey Hey....
Yes, I was hired by Universal because they needed a comedy director
well bring ya ass to EC, you can have this bus ticket I got, it only got 1 ride though
So glad I'm spokes kid 4 this event. I'm ready to run and climb and have a great time. Are you signed up yet? Let's go people get signed up
If someone hates you for no reason, give that motherf*cker a reason.
when u wanna succeed as bad as u wanna breathe, thats when ull be successful
can we cuddle?
What is everyone doing for the 4th of July weekend? Remember all of our Lennar communities will be open. Great time to stop by
can a possibility rock the world? Doesn't it need to be a reality? Stay tuned.
where did you go??
Do you prefer C++ or Java?
Those close looks at the rim are starting to fall now for the
The way NY has changed from when I 1st attended in 06 to when I went last year is astounding
i just want someone to care
Yes, Meat-Eaters. You're crazy about bacon. We get it.
thank you so much! I'm ao thankful!
so nasty lol love too mi amor
No, wait, word of the day is "intertwingled"
so i guess you aint got nothin else to do but talk about me lol have fun sayin stuff to people cuase in the end its gonna hurt you more
Yes, I'm happy to! Great to see you tweeting! :)
that's cause I'm sexy lmao..
I'm reading The House On Mango Street and I like this line: "Cats asleep like little donuts."
my birthday better be on the schedule of yours...
Also, I think that cigar was called, "Acid", great name, eh?
Making my way through Printz award winners. So moved by Looking for Alaska by ! Authentic voice.
Yes, excellent webinar. I can't wait to get more info on your industry solutions. I'm the one that asked that question.
My committee is deliberating about my defense...
Word. KB24. RT : please don't tell me you're a heat fan
Home at last...and sleeping until school. Back to being a zombie.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 61F OVERCAST
Interview went very well, will see 166 applicants. As far as moving we still live up in Indiana.
is perfection.
Illin' is one of those things you can be licensed for. I believe the Beastie Boys have one.
Azuki's unique menu featured, seared wagyu beef toped with white truffle oil,caviar, and asparagus.
i don't wanna get up
Ha lol do we really kno what love means I mean we say it all the time but do we actually mean it
can yu follow me? HAY.TRUST ME.it would mean the WORLD to me bc ur my WORLD<3
So... If The World Does End In 2012, Then I Have Waisted My Whole Life In School.
My goal is to treat DOTA2 like : Not take it seriously, not give a fk if I play good or drunk, dont study (0% chance I can do this tho)
Hey guys! Any Cinco De Mayo events planned?
Watching Original Kings of Comedy and rolling like its the first time I've ever seen it !
We lived. Thank you jesus. RT Going to lunch with and trying not to die in the rain.
The new video looks sick!!! Congrats!!!!
Seriously don't want to get my tonsils out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Just a quick note that there are only 6 spaces left for our group Safari June 4th 2013 to the South Luangwa Game Reserve in Zambia.
yea we r is there a problem?:)
What happened to those 80* days????
LOL not at the same, but I couldn't decide between the two so I brought both upstairs. *shrug*
Hope y'all did awesome on yalls chem exam...y'all studied soo hard
it's redonkulous!! If you don't want to be American go the hell away then!
have I missed the GirlTalk password?
Worth trying the XS. I can grab one for you when they're on sale. What color? A basic color?
I there singing a song you don't know in church and you don't know the tune who cares just read some scripture and start shouting- Dr Dembow
It has been a long night.
Yumm dinner with Carly and <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Let's go Chelsea in the Champions League Finals...lets knock the Spuds out of 4th!
The best way to make people remember you ? Borrow money from them .
Praying for the pg police officer who died apparently yesterday
ahahahaha bobby brown was on leno??? lolololol
That would be very kind! Will DM sometime early this week once I wrap my head around what is left. :)
*gasp* Not the... not the TIGERS! ;-) It's ok, I haven't followed baseball all season
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day!!
I dead need some instagram followers doe! If you see this can ya'll follow me please...its. naji_loves THANKS! <333
go to the ER, make sure it's not something serious
I do? Why?
that is INSANE!
,i like popcorn lol
looked awesome! Get in close to Sofia :)
no problem :)
Those are just some good tunes for you guys to listen to! NEW MUSIC/VIDEOS coming SON!
"Who's got time to write Fish Fry reviews!?"
#whydopeopledothis have kids and not take care of them"
how old will you be?
Quod Erat in Veniendum => Which was to be found
Trivia Time: How many rings are on our Bellevue belt?
Yeah old cars are cool. I almost got a 64 1/2 mustang... I like modern stuff too much...like Air conditioning! Lol
Confirmed Group rate at Hilton Garden Inn Palmdale. Group rate code on FB page
Congratulations to the Oklahoma City Barons advancing to the AHL's Western Conference Finals. Halfway to the
#Brutal This is a joke. They are useless like tits on a bull.
The Sixth Avenue Wine Seller offers tastings for $10 during “Thirsty Thursdays” from 6-8 pm. Like what you’ve tasted? Apply the $10...
Or the turtle. My son has 1 for a pet. Loves'em. Lol RT :
Committed is blowin up...n Jesus' name!
Awesome! Good luck!
I love
Simmons College Radio bake sale scheduled for Oct 17th! All proceeds are going to ! Be sure to stop by!
Welcome to my world.
You should ask them to crack the door so you can take a picture =)
Morning Ms Lady
we don't have a TV that can pick transmissions. so we missed it. : (
LetterThree provides unique seminars for your coaches. Visit us online at letter-three.net.
Lady sailors represent!
I NEVER THOUGHT THROUGH LOVE WE'D BE MAKIN ONE AS LOVELY AS SHE
I wanna take a ride on your disco stick.
Too sexy...
Louis Toliver, path into masculinity studies was interest in 'the final girl'.
Commission meeting is live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
Here>>>>there
"If you seek happiness more than Me, you will get neither. If you seek Me more than happiness, you will get Both."
are you a mom too? If so happy mothers day To you too!!!!
": Who all has arrived in New Orleans for the Final Four already?" I'm here mayne!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!63
always! Send resume to .
RT Practice what you preach OR don't speak.
RT: : School is lame RT if you agree
"don not fear tomorrow or regret the past live for whats now and never look back"
Its not only making the tough decision, but how the decision is made, communicated, followed through
RT Less DIY more DIWO (do it with others) #eyeo :)
Follow me!,Is Hot related to Watch American Idol Online
Practice safe eating , always use condiments. -Anon
Living one day at a time; Enjoying one moment at a time; Accepting hardships as the pathway to peace;
Cock and bull in Sarasota tonight @ 9!
you were in Ny? Dang I see everybody was in town. You have fun?
In the mood for some Pride and Prejudice. The Keira Knightley/Matthew McFadyen version.
<U+2764>Tell her she’s beautiful everyday. You don’t know how much that will mean to her.<U+2764>
Don't no why niggas still we boot cut jeans with low tops shoes
lol don't hate <U+2764>
denard robinson threw for 4500 yards and 36 touchdowns in only TWO seasons!
do.. That light show was sick..
cool got u on the list
I don't have kids. I put this to those that do. Would you let your kids play football given the risks? Not sure I would. And I love football
Hope you started Jackson... Jones and Smith were a wash. I'm up against Gore (tied)... might win if Vinatieri outscores RBrown
I wish my iPhone actually worked
Sorry I can't muster a more eloquent response. Working on zero hours of sleep after a weirdly rough week. :)
Got skills when it comes to #socialmedia? Talk to me.
A hearing for a new stadium is today. This comes after a finance committee passed a bill. More at 6AM on
And always getting disrespected... she deserves it tho.
Go Pack!
Check out the Twitter page for the latest posts on my blogs for Tuesday.
Completely agree! RT : omg Tebow 3:16 commercial during the divisional playoff game? inappropriate
done. Thanks :))
and your in my mentions because?
Well I got Schmorl's nodes
I don't think I'm getting a weekend.
At the waffle house.
: The photographer, I mean.
Curse Sir Walter Raleigh, he was such a stupid git.
We have a couple tables open right now... Come on by!
That tour is gonna be so good. Love some Deftones.
Just need to remember to cancel netflix on the 25th
Some Mom's have to breast feed on Mother's Day. That's messed up. These kids are greedy as hell.
this is the most horrifying thing to come back from a staff meeting & learn, ever.
RT : A1. Today’s clients expect interactive communication and the latest & greatest tools from marketers.
Live with mainstream S bands. stop by to hear it.
Someone might crawl in bed with me, but I wouldn't recommend it, MOL!
thanks fo the follow. Happy Pilot Season.
When a monkey nibbles on a weenis, it’s funny in any language. - Chow
Feelin like a Rock-N-Rolla!
dude, happy birthday! cheers.
I don't understand why there is a need to #hashtag #a #dozen #words #in #every #tweet #that #you #post. Am I missing something?
The true meaning of life is to plant trees under whose shade you do not expect to sit. ~ Nelson Henderson
Praise God! Hopped off the train and got right onto a connecting bus! Ive done enough walking/running for one day.
Big fan of your shoq. A friend showed me "50 fists" I watched it twice in a row the first time. is the MAN!!
"Leave Your Legacy" share your unique talent with everyone you come in contact with and let them benefit from knowing you!
what you want me to say wait it doesnt matter things will still be the same you did not care then what makes you think you will care now
RT : Have u entered 2 win $250 CASH 4 Mother's Day? Y'all this ain't no gimmick - I'm a part of it too!...
WOO GO ASGAAAAAARDDD. his favorite female superhero is Sif! :D
It must be really hard on Ben to be up against 2 very talented people! Good luck Ben, you can do it!
miss you to dani <33
who? never heard of him. must be a new guy.
So obsesed with the clockwork angel, that i´m even gonna read tale of two cities and vathek! Thank you, so much ;)
Ugh this weather is killing the satellite reception=no tv=time to sleep on this couch
I'm bout to come get u from tx
Maybe I'm just not used to having a phone nor the ability to tweet when I'm not home.
Idioms are bugging me.Some are so outdated,especially the ones on our formal tests.Are they worthy of spending valuable Tx time on?
-Papi, we made cookies today in class. I brought you some -You made them? Did you put poison or something? -...I was the dishwasher
Ha! "per our conversation" is my go to RT : "As we discussed" is the email form of telling someone to "F off."
Have you heard the cover by Streetlight Manifesto? They do some really great stuff with horns.
lol i just got hyped as possible!
...soon, please! Let me know when you are in the area and we will see what we can do. M. HannukWA.
I love little kids :)
At the movies w/ my hubby <U+2764> .
lol nice spot!
Bridge plunge
2014 #Butler target, Troy Spears, of Park Tudor committed to Steve Alford's program in New Mexico yesterday.
The American Academy's Steve Hartnett was just interviewed by Eileen Ambrose of the Baltimore Sun on estate tax issues. Congrats Steve!
RT : =) Thanks, my current job does not pay me enough at all /\ well your IVY friends r pulling for you!
Filmmakers discuss the role of fathers in maintaining families from prison. Slower progress in men's facilities.
Pimp C had bars
We're not a publisher, but services (such as marketing / publicity) may also be used by #writers published traditionally.
Watching the new kung fu panda series pretty good so far
Nice! How creative :) Thanks so much! I love new therapy ideas!
I'm cool, just got out of class...what you been on?
": RT : Dear insane self-destructive people, thanks for music and art.
Just heard 2 great #steampunk papers at #INCS - Jay Clayton's ( ) class built a steampunk computer game!
First boozy snow cone of the season on March 20 . Few spots left for 3 course dinner w/Jo Snow.
If you're up, catch me on with this morning at 8:15 talking Brewers baseball on
thanks! You guys have big weekend plans?
Walking to the gym is a little over half the fun.
RT I agree that if Matusz struggles again tonight Buck should look to fill his spot in the rotation.
Better - glow sticks and neon mood lighting
GREAT SHOW SHOW PLAINFIELD VERMONT, ROCKS REAL HIPHOP LIVES THERE SHOUT OUT ''LESPECIAL'' ,SQUALA ORPHAN AND AKIL (JURASSIC 5) AND MANY MORE
<==Simply Amazing!!! Congrats Diva!
final review packets
tell vegan brownie lady if she sells chia seeds she'll basically control 1/3 of my nutrition. Also tell her good job w/brownies.
Rockin' a crisp white blouse today... Let's see how long I can keep it white!
Just got woke up by a lame ass text at 2AM? You want to talk to me about THIS? You don't know me like that. Man, I never get a decent sleep.
The noblest search is the search for excellence – Lyndon B. Johnson
will you ever follow me Dave? ):
Friday night, almost 70°. Heck, play until 1am, I'll stay up. My phone battery won't, but I will :)
They couldn't play any better, we couldn't play any worse. 20 points better than them on any other day.
I swear if I see one more stripper with a star or koi fish tattoo I'm gonna scream!
yes peek. thanx
RT "Everyone must demonstrate unique value added skills in hyper connected world & keep reengineering his/her job"---Tom Friedman
Lesson learned. Never tweet outside during a hurr
Haha glad you enjoyed it buddy!!! Come on by whenever you want were open till 3am Wednesday to Saturday!
Wish I had that here!
will u be joining and myself in the Cefalu caravan tomorrow?
MarineMax. Your one stop shop. Customer came in 3 days ago looking all over for a boat. Found his boat! No one else could! Inventory galore!
what about it lol
Watching 'You Are Next' artist Jennifer O'Connor at the Green Bean in NC... Awesome!
lol just think of us thin simple and flip it
I love that photo
good one...
Hollis drains an are-you-kidding me three to keep the Hoyas alive. Still down four with only a minute to go though
Bravo on saying that "The Lorax" did not receive any of your money. They deserve none of mine either.
what flavor? I like BK's frozen coke too
Looking forward to reading 's 'almost novelistic' literary debut - '1982' - congrats!!!! I'm sure it is much more than almost.
Join us for the Dog Days of Summer event at Mark Diamond's Jewelers right now! 8000 Paseo Del Norte NE Suite B-1 Albuquerque, NM 87122
Consolidated Consultants' 16th Birthday today, 16 years in helping Attorney's find the right Expert Witness!
This the Queen James we all know & love. 0pts in O.T.
Exactly. I just didn't want to start anything with some half-wit ass clown at 2am is all.
; girl I wouldn't be the same if you was with somebody else, girl it wouldn't be the same if I was with somebody else.
i cant with this world
I am a seafood girl. I am going to have to try this recipe out. thank you.
I hope it was WordPerfect
Is there more to #chaos theory than "(*$%*! happens"?
Sometimes following your dreams isnt always gonna get chu where you wanna be in life
Hey guys come hang out with us at the new Jacks Patio Bar! We'll be playing with Love at War & Von Army. First 3 RT's get on the list.
Think is the best interviewer in late night. Not great on the red carpet, but worth staying up until 2 AM for.
Music blast in my room ^_^...thinking about my crush omg...he's taken smfh! :/
god I hate bugs...
Thx for showing me zipper on Google's search page!! Remember doing a deal for YKK (make 90% of world's zippers) at White & Case!
We grow by remaining fully conscious of the gifts we are given
it's so sunny and warm. wonderful day for tanning. :).
cake walk, that stuff is easy for me!!!
I should be in bed. But, its Saturday. And I'm home. Hanging with Junior. Watching Scarface. All's good. What time it??
left the newsroom
Thank you for the info and your efforts...sincerely appreciate. I'll call ASAP. Thanks again!!!
partner restaurant in flatiron now offering complimentary hors doevres at the bar, 5-7 pm Monday-Fridays!
Looking at your old crush & being like eww I liked you?
We hope everyone had a lovely day! #ValentinesDay love!
Gm!!!! RT : RT : On the air !! Call me 550-9696<~ Good Morning Sunshine
Great catch by macklin
I'm glad Leap Day is over. It's become so commercialized.
Ready for a big night tonight with We have one table left, contact at 503 484 5959 for reservations & the list.
Bout to be #lobcity for and the #nuggets with Javale McGhee
RT“ When boys wipe your tears when you cry.<U+E022>”
you only live once is what yolo is short for
32 hrs next two days on the truck, then i'll be in the VIP for Vanilla Ice!!! Oh yeah! :)
Ah what a day what a day. The couch is like heaven right now.
watch him follow you tho
Did you forget to make a left at Albuquerque?
The galleries are a blur of activity and dust as we finish up the brand new walls for the MFA studio show!
Game should be around 830ish. Go Lancers!
I need followers :(
": ha ha. Yea I'm on twitter Welcome me with open arms." Lol I just called you
Wonder if you'll follow me today?(: Hm.......
Think I'm gettin sick
RT : Oh and FTR, lost another 2 lbs while at Shnoocon. <= Way to go =)
I did learn my skills from & It's AWESOME and awe inspiring! How do you spell power A D A P T
JUST WATCHED THE FIRST EPISODE OF DOWNTON ABBEY. NEED I SAY MORE?!
Hey folks, seems we're having some trouble with the ticket system. We'll let you know as soon as it's back up!
people ned to follow me
Funny how many tweets in #edchat are not related to the question, but take advantage of the reach of the hashtag.
Mitchell is the head of the state Firefighter's Assoc.
hm.. Hey friend!
awesomeness!! What kine Filipino are you?
Have fun!! #UCtour #UC2017 RT : College tour at university of Cincinnati.
the women there loved my mad style skillz :)
Ok, if I wanted freakin' summer I would have asked for it! HATE HEAT! Bring me some snow! There I feel much better...but not cooler. :(
profile pic is SO YOU!
Would love to talk more about your profession and how to present yourself in a video.
Yo daddy musta been a drug dealer cuz you dope.
Not to mention some of those same politicians speaking at college graduations are the same ones who screw the students over in the long run
PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK TONIGHT IT WOULD MAKE MAY WORLD IF YOU DID IF YOU DON'T I MAY CRY:( YOUR AMAZING ANd so adorable <333333
just killed it!
Will you be upgrading to Windows 7?
Quote of the day in Monterey "the woman behind us is louder than those sea lions"
I didn't get anything for my mom for Mother's Day. If any of you remember from last year, she fed the breakfast I made her to the dogs. >:(
Hello vase man.
Always a great sign when governments started tailoring the law to prohibit whatever form of protest they're currently annoyed by.
Sacramento is a city ... Where we lobby ... I think that is about it
Good evening! I just finished your excellent novel "Zone One." Can't say enough good things about this book.
anything going on with the hawks.
o yeah, hes nice just kinda annoying lol
likewise, i think its awesome :)
Had to download TweetDeck on my phone because my Twitter for Android isn't working. Anybody else having that problem?
Coach Frank Hall, very inspirational! Wow! Wow! Wow! "One heart beat!"
Yeah...miss you too whore
Now on TJMS: Girl Power! April Ryan and Shaun Robinson speaks on girl empowerment movement "One Girl, One Voice"
I spy Pearl Cleage
Glass is half full... That's how I look at it. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
y u so cute?
couldnt be any nicer tonight.....
go to their wall on facebook. Down a day or two.
lol good move. I hope tomorrow's games are better than this lol
I just added you on Google+
Burns must eat crow!
Donors, like their investor counterparts in the for-profit world, are looking for results. Donors give to see positive change!
I submitted an idea to put wifi in @ #Dodger Stadium.
Green Lake Hoops can be like watchin' roosters run around an imaginary pen. Do they know that's a basketball court?
and . No matter the outcome - glad to be in such good co. C u in 24 hrs.
Delightful time in Chicago, excellent pizza at Nancy's Pizza and crêpes at La Crêperie (oldest creperie in country!).
Jake reported no issues after his first start of the season, he didn't like being on a pitch count & removed so early.
#ING CMO Ann Glover speaks at the ING CRMA Symposium today
I Can't Be In This Cast For Another Week!
Thank you for your wonderful presentation and sharing your knowledge with our staff! You were incredible!
Wishing a very happy birthday to our co-chairperson Diane! We appreciate you and Julie and all you two are doing to make InnoTech great.
why do you underestimate me?
which one of yall want some dick and bubble gum
I refuse to go bungee jumping, I came into this world because of a broken rubber, I'm not leaving because of one.
Believe in your dreams and they may come true; believe in yourself and they will come true.
We can't wait for Eco Movie Night July 28th @ James Madison Park! What's your favorite eco-themed movie?
“: If anyone was offended by one of my many assaults, I apologize.”
Back to work.
We want to hear from you! Mention us with what colors you'd like to see for the next shirt - _____(PrintColor) on _____(ShirtColor)
Goodnight y'all #godbless and be kind to one another! Talk to y'all tomorrow!
Might be out of it this week
After working with Android phone and tablet, I now view laptops as bulky and complicated.
"the more you know, the more you don't know."
#Imagine Liam looks at your hand:"Something's missing'' You:''What?'' Liam:''The ring I'll place on your finger when I ask you to marry me''
Being told i look tired today in other words "you look like shit"
Fac. Dev. Session (NW College) - in order to sustain BL - get more $$$, (grant), grow team, database for tracking, let grow, utilize faculty
Sorry for the radio silence! My teacher was carted away in an ambulance, and we still have class. It's been NUTS today!
Can't wait for the Tedeschi Trucks Band at the Fillmore in Denver November 18th!
Greeting to you also. My day is going well, I pray yours is also. Yes, that is truly a sad statistic.
Haha, hockey is the one sport I don't follow religiously. Really a shame at this point.
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled cheese on multi-grain bread with a cup of soup....$6.95 *Chili is 50 cents extra
New guest post up now discussing more evidence that the Bible is truth..
Hey Mallory, I have class at 8am and yet I don't care. They're celebrating their seniors graduating and that's a big thing
Woo! RT : Book shoot starts today, 3 yrs in the making OMG
Never thought I'd see a #Klepatz hash tag. Haha.
thank you jasmine
I was suspended because someone threw a book at my face & I was accused of starting a fight. The thrower tried to defend me too
all day baby
jkkk no i wont
Watching Transformers 3!!!
Loving the homeless-hotspots! Greater
": A winner never stops trying. -Tom Landry"
Y don't ppl teach their children how to deal with ups and down of relationships so less dumb mistakes r made?
Cant wait to see whino and peaches this weekend...yeah!!
Hard to tell a player to NOT throw a projectile, I'd rather Not have a decision to make in game while playing.
Named after Keith Moon comment they'd 'go down like lead balloon.' They laughed, changed balloon 2 zeppelin.
it was a typo!
lol.. it is boring
Getting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
love it! RT : My holiday shopping strategy: One present for you, three presents for me
Y am I so bad @ going 2 sleep early? I'm still wide awake! Probably not good if I want 2 get up @ 5am
Thanks! I really enjoyed your presentation. The candor was refreshing. Best of luck and hope to see you at the next #prsms!
You can enter every day for more chances to win!
I feel sick
haha oh I'm learning.
thanks Floyd!
Maybe you two can do that during his "Junkfood Tour of Chicago" ;)
I feel sick again ):
hahah he does
charterization /market approach requires testing.You don't like testing, but you like market approach.
Life would suck if there wasn't any cats (like )
better be playing softball for gym today
Do you sell T-Shirts? Add Tshirtgang.com and add sales via your own website and put MORE money in your pocket!
Reading about pioneer women gives me newfound appreciation for indoor plumbing and electricity.
Fucking shit. Don't open the damn door
The 5,000 sq ft Sharp Hospital green roof is finally complete. I'm so proud of our team: Pari Ryan,Todd Nelson & Danny Barttels. Many kudos!
have you tried Jack In The Box's chicken nuggets yet?? They're soo good.
July 1st they become a member of the SEC
how come everytime I say go vote for MB I don't never get a retweet or some y'all ignoring a pretty mindless girl!!
Clean showers and clean bathrooms would be great, cabins that you can rent so I don't have to tent it
I hope to one day write something that will be cited in a paper by a mediocre graduate student.
Warren Buffet's secretary will be sitting with the First Lady during tonight State of the Union address. via
could u send me sample of p90x and bbl, I want to create hybrid with p90x2 and bbl :)
In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth. Genesis 1:1
: I really want to get my hands on this book. It looks really good and I've been hearing such great things!
Who is tracking weekly social media metrics? What categories?
So to have some fun and get you guys psyched, we're about to play a fun game :) who likes contests?
I did pretty good in fantasy football this week!
#Str8LykeDes.... Kinda of liking being up early normally I'll be sleeping my life away until work might still do lol...
If we give a little love, maybe we can change the world <3
Love is kind
OTA, Stats Ab, and now ACS? Did the US gov declare a war on knowledge?
Chillin, watchin The Family Hustle. Then it's bed time. Ballin @ 5am
Accept the challenge. You won't be disappointed.
Had to get on them burners tonight... Cooked up a grilled chicken breast wrap and some fresh cut sweet potato fries... Late dinner
I swing both ways. I tend to listen to the SH stuff more often. Not sure why though.
Yay for retro episodes. You'll have to post them before I listen so I can rewatch and bug you on Twitter. Listening now.
Haven't listened to Kill Bill fight scenes while working on taxo structures in a while. Thx for inspiring the rest of my day.
Horrible abs from the os in the bottom of the 8th
If only people with closed minds came with a mouth to match.
Bridesmaids bathroom scene: choral edition :X
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo think they can rap just because your black and poor
Don't whisper at me cause I won't understand
for sure need to see you!!! <U+2764><U+2764>
sup and I have a dress like that
# lol she embarrased i would be too
Am I the only one NOT freaking out about finals next week?
Omaha bound- be there in 3 hours.
where's the daiquiris video in the back of the mini coop!? :) Great sharing a boozy nola post moment w u! You were great!
His companions approved thesearrangements without even uttering a word
Enjoying the parade in downtown #STL for our World Series Champions, Cardinals! :-D
Pay is also nearly 2x what I made in my MLS internship
Dodging online #MadMen spoilers until later tonight keeps me alert on Mondays almost as much as too much #coffee does.
Q!: Have you designed for or otherwise worked on a site-specific performance/theatre production?
The hardest job in the world would be working in a bubble wrap factory. Just imagine the self control that is required!
thank u <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Great time @ Mission Beach w/Destie's school. 1000 kids pickin up trash & being taught 2 save our #ocean! What a great way 2 spend the day!
The new music sounds fantastic! Norman Simmons created some wonderful arrangements.
Was excited to have toast at my parents house for breakfast, until I saw they're doing the low carb thing again. No toast ANYWHERE!
With Rose out, does that put miami in the Nba finals?
or should i say nutella m nutella
TIA plans solar art piece - Arizona Daily Star TIA plans solar art piece Arizona Daily Star The solar sculpture will occupy a spot along
I can't breathe right now..darn allergies..tee hee..but it was nice to learn that Snoop is spreading his wings..
..somethin, kind as could be, and she appreciated MY doing HER hair. No, Nancy, thank you for inspiring me to be a brilliant woman.
only in the same way that the design of a chair you haven't built yet has no established reality
I'm well! Adventures in Target with my nephew. Lol
Another beautiful day! I could get use to this!
on it. Downloading now
Reader, I married her! Looking forward to CLA next month.
Helping to improve Wisconsin's economy ->> www.ThinkTankLive.com Biz strategy & tactics for real-world results.
Well that was a fun night of work on my final project for statistics.
yea we should catch up. My next few days / weeks are nuts but could do early coffee.
that either means "do I know you" or something else. I'm not up on my acronyms I guess. Meaning?
Purplespace is now on iTunes!!! :D
Excellent, love this Sam!
I'm SO anti-gold teeth. Plus, I'd never be able to stop thinking, you have those but not a (house, 401K, paid off car...)
I LOVE U JB=life!! <3
"We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing." (George Bernard Shaw)
“: Lmao !! RT I dont hate you. I just hope your next period happens in a shark tank.” ----damn<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
enjoy your trip, then! :)
LEARNING MORE CODE TO BUILD DIFFERENT WEB APPS... BELOW THE BRIM IS GOING MOBILE. "B" A MOVEMENT
#1 rule to surviving the night: pace yourself. That one is free
WE LUV OUR FANS! you guys were soo awesome last night at !! HUGE THANKS to our friends for a killer set!
Has Shannyn ever realized that her full name kinda sounds like "shenanigans"? (!!!!)
Okay that makes sense now!
Are you back in LA anytime soon?
In search of the miraculous by Bas Jan Ader! I must get to
Transcribing a medieval manuscript while listening to Snoop Dog.
Oh sorry love!=( Get better!:(
Me? North of Barcelona.
her man would not like that at all
My mother is a psychotic fill-in-the-blank
she ate some pennies & didn't know till it was to late. Any pennies minted after 82 are toxic. All you #pugs & dogs be careful!
think He means personnel. But so did Jordan
Please follow our amazing friend and C.O.O A must #FF ;) Thank you
So, if you don't vote for Jermaine Paul vote for Chris Mann ok? Just kidding. Vote 4 your fave, but just vote!
Ha! Hey, you seen #Obamadogrecipes? MT : Tell FLOTUS to cut the 1 Peter line -- her hubby's got enough of an ego!"
Had a wonderful day yesterday watching the musical of the Giver and then Gypsy staring the Ryans so awesome!
"The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak." Artist, Hans Hofmann
Very cool. RT'd.
i just tweeted the next set of guys
Alright , who were the dirtbags .......
dreamt the impossible dream, and fought the unbeatable foe. My self esteem is in the toilet now.
Delta Air Lines changes Delta Shuttle flight times to on-the-hour service to Boston, Washington, D.C.; adds 13th flight to Chicago.
Mornin.. Off to the Studio
Our news came out today, our stock is up 33.33% The markets are coming back! We are excited! HPNN.PK
Thanks for the invite! That would b HOT,however we have many things on our plates right now! Keep us posted on your events.
Thanks so much! Love these ideas!
My summertime playlist >>>
RT : Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your <U+2665>. -Winnie the Pooh
and must strike quickly and make a Boh2J shirt to honor 's awesomeness on #Raw tonight.
I seriously doubt that you forgot why I was upset with you..like you obviously don't care one bit
yes it is?
Show this tweet to the bartender 2nite and receive 50% off all appetizers during the Celtics game. Retweet away #IamaCeltic!!!
#kids Vanilla Ice Concert: Vanilla Ice Concert from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 AM to Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 AM Six Flags...
Hard work pays off even if it's in the form of vs. tickets! Boat loads of appreciation to
and the American people are disappointed by the poor conduct and the idea that we're still over there
Lone Ranger is still (and again) my favorite book out now by anybody.
that's good :)
Just listed my 100th Item and I'm just getting started. This man is tired and have been working tirelessly for 3 days including 2 nights. GN
Hello to TweetStation followers! Interested in getting strted on Twitter? Check out : Technology Café or find a TweetTeam member!
Like the green, but maybe voting blue, because it has the look of being a colorized photo, if you colored the sky it'd be blue.
Thanks for watching my report. :-)
4 in a 20oz... Drank City
So now my dad wants a twitter?
awe what the hell.
Agreed - DM me with your email and we'll set something up.
Wow fuck I forgot we got a new doorknob and I don't have the key. Locked outside my house, sup
Excellent! Perhaps there's room for Guy Maddin & RT Yes & I think its now a 12 top with ClyffordStill & ZahaHadid
how are you guys? I want to see travel pics!
and when is MKE's largest fish fry?!? that's a must.
Suffering threatens to make life meaningless. That is its greatest danger, not the pain it inflicts.
My wife is at Disneyland. I'm not. Wah wah. She saw Brandon Flowers. I did not. Wah wah. She's sleeping. I'm not. Wah waaaaahhh.
i want to win a contest....
Amazing. Doesn't get much better than that! RT : Chick-fil-A for confirmation dinner tonight... What's up waffle fries.
Watching #Jesse Owens on PBS
Youre still awake?!
It's official: THESE GUYS ROCK!!! New members Wade and Mitchell welcome to the band! Formal intros to follow.
The more birthdays you have, the longer you live... :')
Watching a GND episode with being introduced as the 2007 PMOY. She's so cute. I wish I was friends with her!
Just watched the "Battlefield Los Angeles" and it's like if you were part of a game.
#Excusestodrink In Union show!!!
ha i would be too.
Hey ! Saw you at Would love to talk to you about playing fEASTival this May!
Add me on draw something! Kelseysue56 :)
absolutely glued to the memoir Three Little Words by ! What an incredible girl... so inspiring and extremely motivating
The one day I can sleep late and I wake up at 7 -_-
aye sup wit my brodie!!
Who The Fuck Un-followed Me .?
try to ask by school tomorrow cause I need to know by the morning!
hope all is well! We got the credit for the pickup system. Come by the store when you get a chance. Thanks!
We miss you come visit soon!
I wrk hard for my money so hard for it honey!!
see you all in the morning!
Study time... When will "me time" get here? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Lotus is already fully disruptive. Just in the wrong direction I'm afraid
In #blackjack, when the dealer shows a 6, he'll bust only 43% of the time, so don't act so shocked if he ends up beating your 15.
Is playing for the Patriots?
Did you get your issue?
DID YOU KNOW?? We have extended our weekly hours as well! Monday-Thursday 11am-10pm, Friday and Saturday 11am-Midnight and Sundays 11am-8pm.
hey slut
finna go see my nigga Crip in the county than latter go get signature's for my broskie then to work
Preparing to set another PR?
ha ha ha you're welcome.
Note to self: always get in the limo.
REGISTRATION FOR WWVC 2009 is NOW OPEN! Please visit www.wildwestvc.com to register.
Danica, can you be any tinier or cuter? The total antithesis of a race car driver!
you guys are home already?
“: Come to Maggie's for a frosty.” We gonna stop by
you are so right. See you in Colorado!
thanks griffin! you just made my day :)
To our buddies in Cleveland, Ohio, we have one ticket left for the show this Sat at Peabody's claim it now!!!
you realize now I'll be like the only one without a kid. Thanks for that! :-p
Here we go Steelers! Here we go!
I hate knowing i need to study, but i can force myself to.
#fraiku kidnap me from work purchase some honeyhoney let us just vibe out.
I'm on an island surrounded by water on all sides with only 2 bridges out.
She makes me so happy!!!!
Good luck to everyone with papers & projects due this week. Also, be sure to check with your professor for the time and date of your finals!
?!?!?!? I'm just about to leave though!
Why is there not a radio station in Nashville, TN that plays bluegrass?
It's a good thing noone reacted to the situation in agar.
my dog is asleep
I think helpful for community not for art building. other ways to learn from audiences that are more helpful for that.
Retweet if u still up
"Assessment kills Innovation"
i need a run today bad!! thankfully it cooled down here a bit so its not 80 degrees when i'm done work.
haha, they always come back...
Now I tweet like everyday to get #oomf's attention.....
The Thirst is Real!
it was Sasha
Wow. It's like im at an actual comedy show in the pokanos!
LB i need you!!!! help a brotha out!
;> from the little I know already, it is a sweet and interesting story, indeed. I would gladly sit and listen to its telling.”
Change the way I viewed it
cant think of a better way to start out my Sunday mornings at work!
Jean Paul Gautier, we love you
Cancer Patients Suffer Unnecessary Pain
First leg of trip back to DC: Minneapolis to Philly. Hoping to avoid #flightdelays like yesterday.
That was easy lolololol
what would Austin like for his birthday?(: m..?(:
Communication & Collaboration link broken, please update we want to know!
I'm super excited about #photoshop #CS6 reading now about #Premiere #CS6 Is it time to think about a change from #FCP7 ??
Lady Gaga is performing at Radio City tonight and we just delivered some gloves for her entourage. Wish I could be there to see her perform.
Scared to eat but hungry
Funnest practice ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> had to play in my Sperry's cuz I forgot my cleats
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 53
“: Just saw the new "One Shining Moment" does already have it downloaded?” ticked - isn't available yet!
I just noticed the picture you have. omg.... look at my new tweet under, you'll know who i'm talking about
my dad wants to go to the zoo with me and nicki.
I prob was a king in my past life lol
RT : I think I need to order breakfast before I commit murder. Bacon will fix this feeling, yes? << BACON FIXES EVERYTHING!
USAA sucks! A year post repair I find out USAA declared my classic Mustang salvage -- they never told me. How much value has it lost?
Billfold & Birthday Girl (in which I play the lead role Katie) - Official Selections at Wildwood Film Fest
UW-Whitewater up 36-26 at half. Final Four on the line.
Yeah - enough room to breathe. =)
I would love to be a mommy one day... #MothersDay thoughts :)
thanks! Hopefully I will see you at a show in LA!!
“: aw brittney I hope u get better :)” Aw thanks Becky :))
Two random pick-me-up visits in one day. Thanks and non-tweeting Michael Aldarondo-Jeffries. Love friends.
Auditions for Miss Caribbean US Beauty Pageant this Saturday 2/18 from 2p-9pm at the Crowne Plaza on City Line Ave in Philadelphia
This is the exact kind of drama our fans would love! Impossible to criticize most artistic team ever.
#FF happy Friday and thanks for sharing our Twitter Persona to the world.
My little hummingbird is chirping at me. Today is a good day :)
Yu let me fall
And why should you? That's just genuis at work.
omfg i miss summer camp you make me feel is on the radio<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Going to the badger hockey game with
Really starting to cultivate some pauper quirks. Lately I've been stealing napkins from... everywhere.
Damn started with a few of my friends on twitter. Now it's the whole damn squad!!
Hey.. It feels wonderful to be off...this was great..
#iusetothink making music just wasn't for the money.
God Night Austin!!!!! I love you (:
My friends are the best: they totally let me write requests down and then they sang them!! Most awesome birthday karaoke if all time!!!
Can't wait for tomorrow w/ Olivia and my SIL =)
definitely feeling lost at times but I'm good overall.. A mixed bag means there's always room for good surprises :)
Yeah, not sure you can really afford to be any shorter than you already are.
I don't notice the switch between Mac and PC every day, except for when I try to copy or undo something. I wish I could Apple+Z my life.
shouldn't you be paying attention in class right now? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> just kidding, twitter is 103628711 times better!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Never slipping
Just got it in AQ vs A10 and board runs out 54645 for us to chop. Can't I just run normal? Grinding 15 bbs.
New 3 Course Chef's Tasting Menu coming up tomorrow. Stay Tuned!
how you dern ;)
lol yeah these my last weeks this way so just let me know .
I've finally ruined someone's life....
Can't sleep.
"You can't experience success beyond your wildest dream until you dare to dream something wild." - S. Sorrell
Part of an exhibition called "Descriptive Acts." Writers will document whatever happens in the room, in real time.
#Np D-Mac Haters
I be so high.... All this bullshit don't bother me...
Miami airport is negative degrees!
"It's not you; it's me. Really." [ Want to know the rejections that get me? The ones that start with "I loved this but .."]
nice!!! Yea I totally need sleep tonight so I was supa excited
I'll take a McAnything please.
There has never been so much pressure on ANY sports team in history as was on Canada's men's hockey team to win an event. Congrats Canada:)
Frantically nudging your bestfriend when a cute person walks by. ?
I don't think it's a joke at all. Just trying to keep his reputation up. :)
LALALALALA LA LOLA! have you liked us on fb yet? tell my gf shes hott!
unfortunately cannot - Coach Flan is starting up a camp at a local college in Cleveland - next year though
Jake's a bully
Only day 1 buddy, we'll see!
i want to go to fuddruckers .
you are the best and you will totally be awesome at crims tryouts today :)
way to go - so so so proud of you
Finals rly suck.!
Doctor's appt. at 2:30! Good to take 1 day off of basketball..ha.
It was great meeting and hanging out with some tweeps today, Had a great time as always
110 days until #LouisvilleFootball puts a jackhammer on that #UK ASS!
If you got a fuax hawk you should go lock yourself in a closet with a polar bear.
You are awesome! Thanks!
ON AIR NEXT<< Coast to Coast from 11pm-2am with James Colquhoun and and Daniel Vitalis on the food we eat. Also, stay tuned for...
Making new friends like at CA Consumer Protection Fnd. training in Oakland!
any news on what music might be there?
Harbaugh changes culture. Confident Smith enough to win 9 w timely defensive plays and MVPish Gore.
. will be our guest on tomorrow!
Moving day:D
Now I know who my true friends are and who will always be there for me and trust me. <3 couldn't ask for any other best friends.<3
Hoping for him to Unfollow me! You know who you are :) hahah
It is not economical to go to bed early to save the candles if the result is twins.
Twisted a Smurf-et for Angel and Shy's Birthday that I am dropping off in Lynn, Ma. along with two bags of balloon creatons
Thanks for your help spreading the word about this program! You guys rock.
I Was Honest And You Took That And Made A Scar.
Hey! How were the Turbo Fruits last night? Awesome, I hope. I just couldn't summon the energy after 4 consecutive nights out
somewhat proud of me. I love you more than you'll ever know. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
i definitely have to crash in maryville for at least a week. yall will have to show me what's new
I love the Starbucks table poachers hovering around waiting to dive in. It's like a sting operation complete with guys in a van listening.
Make Crazy Money
probably was.should of said hi! Congrats on new job, I did as well.
OUTTA NUTELLA....going to the store to get more...NOW!!!!Emergency!!!!
In order to win the race sometimes you just have to show up
68,000 people in the GA Dome and it will be rocking today. "Battle of the Bands" comes to town. #can'twaittobepartofit
happy to see casual gaming at #csw with I'm loving the concept story of audio cues, dogs are short can't see over the wheel
#Mediaho preemptive strike backfires! No show tonight after all, oh well, a lesson in PR on a Friday, at least there is
Just watched Exit Through The Gift Shop with followed by scrumptious burger at Mikeys. good transition break before off to work.
Hey! Any #physicaltherapists out there? What do you do to #motivate difficult patients?
Thanks! I'm honored!! {blush}
Support your local business on National Mom and Pop Business Owners Day. Qwip about your favorite local Mom and Pop and share with friends!
Glad you liked the post Rob and thank you for sharing it!
Thanks! I should have thought of checking the folder.
What time IS it?
Thanks for coming last night <3
oh yum! my favorite:)
that makes sense to me, lol. Save a lounger for me!
Gore wants to see
i hope the Saints bury the Falcons
: I feel happy that was brought to memory. :)
Moving out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
MAYA is making a special off-the-menu cocktail for the next Art Drinks: a grown-up version of Strawberry Lemonade. Try it on May 9th!
Devil. I should be joining you. Haha
haha don't hate bro. it's way too catchy
Happy Halloween Everybody! .....and the Vikings won yesterday! woo hoo!
It depends on the role of the API, how much of your product you intend to expose via an API, and on timing. Ahh, timing.
Class of 2012...Graduation is almost here! Congrats to all you SENIORS!
Left round table. On our way home noww>.<.
#WordPress #Tools Ajax Spell Checker – Uses a variety of dictionaries to spell check your posts.
Bring me one! “ Homemade burgers for lunch. #OhYess”
Nd I say hell yea hell yea fuckn right fuckn right alright!
Just following instructions? Isn't that unfair to math? I think there's a difference between "math sucks" & "I suck at math."
RT : 2011Review: Falconer's IPA « Beer and Coding in Eugene: I was going to start this post by referencing another beer...
"Keeper of Your Heart" by is perfection.
Slow start for the Pack. Already nervous.
This is what Twitter was built for — publicly coordinating powerwalks :)
I can't hear you so I'll just laugh and hope it wasn't a question...
I miss those summer nights, when we would just lay outside looking at the stars<3
And the operator says "40 cents more for the next 3 minutes"/Please Mrs. Avery, I just gotta talk to her/I'll only keep her awhile--DR. HOOK
you're underachieving
My collaborator and I have pondered this a lot--to 501(c)3 or not? Leaning towards the "or not"...
Demi Is Our Flawless Queen. <3 - You can try and tear her down, you wont succeed. Demi is to amazing to listen to hate. :)
B very careful of who u give the title of "friend" too. A lot of ppl u probably call friends don't deserve it.
Not really sure what we're more excited for: opening day or Fish Fry...
Gracious God, as you walk with us through the days of Lent, surround us with the beauty of your rainbow and the magnitude of your love
Oh, u never jumped from one couch to the other to avoid the lava?Please,tell me more about ur amazing childhood.”
yo she almost made me shout & cry tears of joy. I called his name bout 50 times cuh lol
nice! I am skipping this year.
K going to sleep now. Since Patrick kinda...uhm...well...fell asleep on the floor, lol.
please tell Ashley that the kids and I met one of the guys from Swamp People... I'm thinking she said y'all watch it! :)
FUCKIN EXITED FOR AN #ATTACKATTCK concert!!!
: Tell Jessie I said I hope she gets well soon.
I might be sleepy and whiney today, but it makes me happy when people call me to be their sober driver.
#ThursdayNightClass #LibrarySchool cant wait to be done with night classes!
Do The Pretty Girl Rock.
You might be the Star the World just hasn't Seen.
playing with my neighbors baby
The Wonder Years on Netflix!? What? There goes my Sunday afternoon
I Come home and watch spongebob #loser #YOLO <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
how do I tell this lady her fur coat just it me when she walked past?
WORLD SERIES WORLD SERIES
Congrats to our USF baseball coach, Greg Roberts; named MCC's co-Coach of the year. Great job, Greg!
R-T if you believe in God. Remember He saw you reading this .
Making a yummy dinner. Can't WAIT to eat it!
Guardian gets it wrong in interpreting her message as an attack - I'd say healthy and much-needed skepticism
I can't post anything on FB. Is anyone else having trouble?
I LOVE YOUR TWEETS THEIR SO CUTE JUST LIKE U UR AMAZING #proud of u IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD IF U FOLLOWED ME BACK PLEASE <33333
whats her twitter name
Rewriting #SportingKC history...actually I'm editing the club's history for an interactive class project.
awesome film!!!!
link broke?
Great work! Shall we brainstorm and trade links?
idk!! But i really need to do something because im worring too much about things
we love the wine glasses! Thank you.
actually may 5th is, ops, but still, very close to it.
Live your dream no matter what it is. Noone is going to experience it but you. Never let your life be in someone elses hand
Uses of and representations of poetry online is the nexus of many online issues
no doubt...69 is that your favorite number?
Wednesday, do not tread on me. This is a warning.
Yawn...the NBA strike is over. Darn it, I was hoping for an April settlement.
i'm thirsty a'f, i need water.
RT this and receive a FREE DRINK on us this Saturday!
I must admit i love it when he calls me boss lady. Daddy you know wassup(In my beyonce voice:-)
thanks for the follow! you are AWESOME, i love We Got Us! :)
Why Is R.K. Wearing A Band Aid.? On The Cd Pictures.?
I supose I gotta get up and get ready for work. Ugh lol
or have your kids wear catcher's gear like I do.
RT - Former JMU star & Cleveland #Indians draft pick Jake Lowery won the Johnny Bench Award tonight as the top catcher i...
Almost to two weeks without soda or alcohol! My workouts have improved, but I really miss soda and alcohol.
I'm in love with it. And my roomies are awesome.
The basic fact about human existence isn't that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore.
So can't speak English right now and just said "stige dave" instead of stage dive...
Good Morning World.
Allgood Road UMC works closely with Allgood school in Decatur GA to collect food to distribute to community in need.
The week after spring break. Most of the full-time staff is gone at a conference. Clearly it's time for printers and databases to go down.
I don't know :/ we might not live in the same country lol
"The age of miracles, the age of sound this is a Golden Age, coming round, coming round" " Clap ur hands if u think ur soul is free"
We cant thank you enough Charlotte! Thanks for followin us!
I want to see a bunny with no fur like how do they squeeze through the tiniest effin holes when they look so fat an fluffy #dontgetit <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
Can't wait to get home... Long day
my email address is Please support homelessdogmusic.com.Site is not up yet.
oh yeah!
Thank you for the luv. I will have to look up ur music.
if you spoil the show for me Devlin will ONLY call you aunt.
HEY BRO IF YOUR IN DALLAS TONIGHT YOU NEED TO HIT INIQUITY FOR MY GRADUATION PARTY. IT'S GOING TO BE ALL THE WAY LIVE!!!!!
For a day, Hussey is the Chuck Morris of test cricket
Thanks! We are scheduled to open in late 2010. Your kind of excitement is exactly why we're building one in WA! cc
You can't expect to take a definitive image in half an hour. It takes days, often years.
Anything interesting happening today? Maybe some Facebook or Instagram news? Anyone?
Woo hoo! He is the total package! Go
Yeh. ms Rambler was subing for my english class and told me
When your heart becomes hardened sometimes the only way to fix it is to have your heart broken.
Philly we cominnnnnnngggg!
The wait is finally over!!! The Federal Hill League starts tonight at 6:30pm. Shirts will be given out tonight before the games. Please...
just sent a pro- #vegan email to #RushLimbaugh. why does being kind have be partisan?
both right now, xbox usually tho
better his parents know than to have him turn into some fast little tramp and catch something
NYC Taiwanese basketball tournament all day.
Who has kik?? (: if you do add me pres_marie14
How come overtones and undertones are the same thing?
nice to know that u r a beliver. please uphold me in ur prayer. thanks
Pacers game with the sisters :) leggo.
I am getting geared up for #ALA11 it's right around the corner. What fun things will you be doing in New Orleans?
We got this
RT : Just spent 30 min at the gym = 2 Tollhouse cookies. 12 more visits before I am back to even. Sort of...
theres enuff music out there to play some better ish! sum1 should start a nationwide petition to ban boring elevator music!
At the rusty bucket jus ate a sandwich :)
Jonathan Crary: "I would be dismayed if I prompted anyone to determine if Courbet owned a stereoscope."
because you act like you don't miss me back.
Big Bill congratulates his old nemesis, , on the opening of his bio-flick. For mine, I'm holding out for Clooney in a fat suit!
Grats to both of you!
“: I've done a lot of bad shit, god got even.” & For the price I had to pay I'd wish I'd stop breathing
its all about using the words even if it not those that are true.
Have a Nike day :)
Waiting in a long ass line for the men's room. So this is what women deal with.
Very cool! We just posted a link to your blog post in our blog!!
Call Sat evening or Sun after 9p. 6784684169
A #Tuesday that feels like a #Monday. I should go back to bed.
I really want Jack White's new album. Ugh
NEW TO THE MENU: Crepinette of Slagel Family Farms Whole Hog, Aerated Clam Chowder, Potato, Leek, Fried Belly Clam
8 year old sneaking my Smithsonian mag to read about Titanic under covers after bedtime=awesome.
i'm so bored.
Thanks to all who came out lets take all this energy and think Rhode Island avenue we can make it happen
Some GREAT thinkers frm
My 2:30 just cancelled, let's go down to Oakland Beach for a run I will pick you up now..?
Shout-out to our new Ayla fans!
Have a wonderful time :) Thanks again for using ShowClix Sara
I'm salty as McDonald's French Fries....
come make me a roast and we'll have a sweet viben time
good morning :)
Gum is taking itself way too seriously these days. An inspirational and anonymous quote inside the pack? I need Seth and Amy -- REALLY?!!?
"I cannot always control what goes on outside, but I can always control what goes on inside." Dr. Wayne Dyer
Law school? Meet UM Carey Law's Director of Student Recruiting Michele Hayes today 10/12 from 2- 6pm in Drexel Univ. Armory
My grandpa fixed his Harley, Yes!
Your goals should be of such importance that just reading it elicits excitement, desire and a willingness to do whatever it takes.
don't blame you. I plan on ~splurging on a beer after work today.
I hope Phil pulls a Van De Velde, Mcilroy, Watney or Dustin Johnson tomorrow. Final round 79 would be nice.
3 more minutes until I hit the PS3 for some Mass Effect 3.
#np pretty Ricky - grind on me.
Fuq homework I'm going to sleep!
I should of been sleeping until the apocolypse smg
'You drown us in misery'...
Peer of yours wrote a fun paper about it last semester; I just have to stop staring at old things long enough . . .
he's awesome! I just felt asleep lol
Whoo! Hey, everyone, meet our Data Services librarian! RT : Hello twitter!
Shout out and HAPPY BIRTHDAY to Enjoy your day! Be Blessed, im looking forward to spending more Bdays wit u :-)
Happy Earth Day!
I just don't understand... Can someone explain this to me.
It's your baby fingers(:
our website is also under construction. Good luck in July! Keep us updated about your progress!
I think it's catchy! No denying it's in same vein as Mumford & Sons etc. that's blown up lately tho.
Work hard on your weaknesses so they can become a strength.
Don't you love it wen yor presents pisses sum1 off gotta lov that power!
nine-sixteenths of a second.
Sheriff's Office: Due to heat, last two weeks jail capacity hovering at 98.7%. Has gotten attention of DoJ monitor.
What's the point of havin' a rapier wit if I can't use it to stab people? Jeph Jacques
nah son if you don't know what REAL fans do what you think MY company logo colors are buddy? NOT NO SNICKS THROWBACK COLORS
Fab! Seems like everyone who's seen Schmekel says that! Can't wait for the show
#rimshot RT : Q2 "System root password, all admin privileges, $60k a year, and all the Mountain Dew I can drink. Deal?"
411GreenWave on the hunt for a HUGE solar thermal system in LA. Here we go!
Good morning. Today has some excellent potential... Keep you posted!
Your blog posts have the wonderful & bracing effect of reminding how very little I know about many things. In this case: JavaScript.
All I want to see is a sky full of lighters
Everywhere! But especially the Arts RT : Poll: Where do you see women in innovation?
The giving of love is an education in itself.
night my tweetlings turning of my laptop for a new day tomorrow , shitss going dowwnnn<3
On the first day of 2012, I've spent an hour making faces at myself in the mirrior, atet way to many left overs from last night...
never fear the "said bookism." Sneer, cackle and growl unapologetically
Yes Lord. Thank you Jesus. :)
Right?! It was the strangest thing. I almost told him to leave the bar, I thought he was so silly.
My last tweet was 4 days ago? Seems like its been longer...
RT : Whatever Robert DeNiro said to Michelle Obama couldn't possibly have been as offensive as his performances of the last...
I swear I have never heard Joe Johnson speak. Does he ever talk?
barely be on this but need to start being on here...ugh ashame...
The commercials during the Grammys tonight SMOKE the Super Bowl commercials.
Movie tickets special promotion $6 "The lincoln layer" to buy your ticket visit www.tncnews.com
We love this Sunshine!!!
Twitter made me burn the pancakes.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Several miles of backup NB on the "I" from Hwy 30 on up to MM134 due to semi crash. Use alternate routes to bypass.
NANANANANANANANA NANANANANANANA. WHO SAYS WHO SAYS YOU'RE NOT PERFECT WHO SAYS YOU'RE NOT WORTH IT?!! blah blah. Glad I could help
follow me!
Hate sleeping alone! <<<<<
Magic's GOTTA throw out the first ball on opening day!
Totally wanna do that Go Ape zip-line thing. My coworker's daughter is an instructor there. Looks terrifyingly awesome! haha
yes! We were melting! How did you survive.
When asked what my past times are I usually say movies, yoga and hiking but what I mean is masturbate, masturbate and comedy.
RIP Virginia Ho, 2012? #willmissmyfriend RT : Can we put the word "ho" (in all it's forms) to rest in the 2012?
Water bottle, Kindle, work nametag, bento box full of food, empty tupperware, notebook, lollipop, misc biz cards, pens, marker, candy, meds
I didn't follow that. So you are not supporting him now?
#NP Chris Brown ft Rihanna - Turn the music up
We're exploring ... who has used that effectively to engage visitors?
I'll always hold you in my heart. You're something special.
Anxiously awaiting to hear the results about the internship positions this week. It is a competitive field out there.
More probs with #OSXLion this time with audio. Sound when I change volume but not in Chrome. + iTunes wouldn't load - audio error. Huh??
I'm so pissed at my hair. I need a haircut. It's too long.
BITCH nigga ypu got mhy money i dont got yours so watch how the fuck you coming at me . its been how long nigga ???
did you get a chance to listen to those tracks last night i sent ?
Without giving too much away. That was just athleticism. Wait til they start scheming him.
I'm looking forward to the show (full performance of the "Lincoln" album with Jonathan Coulton opening), but the crowd size is discouraging.
Get well soon.
someone just needs to photoshop a "king douche" crown onto it.
it just changed all the sudden last night while I was using it.
You too!
Yoouuuuu and I (: Love you too
Why am I getting sick again!?! C'mon man!
Lord I pray I do well on this makeup test
A new day Dawning...
Holy....people still develop for and own webOS products? Just had a developer register two apps with us.
Indiana n Miami gonna be a dog fight? Haha shut up Chuck
Gotta find something to do today!
What if we only offered it for a $1, but threw in Texas as a bonus item?
Oh, baby, take your shoes off<3
panther no panth, I'm going thwimming.
We're all deeply connected. We take in what others have done & make it our own by contributing something new in our own distinctive voices.
This person manages a five billion dollar budget & she only gave $25,000.00 to this foundation! What the hell!
It's all LOVE!
Thanks for the follow. We would love to see some digital Japanese #stamps displayed And the #letters of Japan too
What is your #1 Fit2Go dessert?
Ask me no questions, and I'll tell you no lies.
What are you plans for the holiday? It's not too late to plan a family get together. Keep an eye out for PINC's holiday planning guide...
Who kidnapped Bubba Ray and replaced him with this guy that's actually in shape?
how bout sheff pushn a blak benz now tints n sounds puld up on me like look were them flyers got me lmao
Ok, someone tell me... why post a tweet with a Link to the Tweet? what gives? /confused
Every article I write from now on will have the #iPad hashtag so that millions of people will find it and generate ad $$$$ for
I've been thinking about doing something on the Irish post office in late 18th c. but need to get back in the archives!
We preach that we are about defense and not points, but everyone gets frustrated by missed layups. Huge positive is we took 3 charges.
Yo Ice Cube, call the next friday movie" TGIF", and bring smokey outta rehab...
RT Ain't my only one but I'll make you my main girl. -little cocky there buddy. lol.
Later Seattle, it's been real.
I'm shocked at how little information professionals know about the web, technology, and copyright. Or maybe I'm not.
#MillionDollarListingNewYork is THE most entertaining of the reality shows. Can't get enough.
Ace of Cups tonight to celebrate a 30th birthday. Two Cow Garage on the bill.
Nice #html5 site upgrade by , #NewPandora. Design helps keep Pandora free with more ad space. Will users mind the larger ads?
have to go with Messi. He has fans in his home country plus his current/former teams. Reach of soccer more than NBA
We're in the process of regaining a friendship, why the hell are you still finding ways to piss me off?
oh you son of bitch
Will do! I appreciate it man! RT just stumbled across your work. very impressive! keep it up
I really really really love
Anyone who says Kush is btter then sour <<<
...prepare to be mildly impressed.
I at least like how you starting to find yourself, and not have to copy me all the time. -_-
headline is important but old schools news obviously doesn't get the web. Delay is probably intentional to build suspense.
#Heartattack Hepatitis Rates Soar Among IV Drug Users , Study Finds Title: Hepatitis Rates Soar Among IV Drug Users , Study Finds Category:
Riddles in class!
.....it's already closed. Sorry!
Had a blast playing with the other night. new songs are coming out amazing as well. Almost ready to release some of them!
Haven't hung out with Larry for awhile. Hard to believe I actually kinda miss him.
Jfk->sfo! Will miss the warm nights and sunshine and
I really need this summer to get my priorities in check & make goals.
text me girl..
hell yea where you at
Alright, one more chapter & then I'm going to bed..
Rep. Hottinger: "This issue has generated many emails." Why yes, yes it has...
20 minutes in and Algeria vs US is scoreless (with another controversial disallowed goal against the US) and England is up 1-0 on Slovenia
At least your lived one is ALIVE and you know where s/he is.
You don't need to look beyond these five categories, ever
haha so true
when are you going to come to ny ? (:
brainstorming session for a new client who owns several hotels and restaurants around Indianapolis....should be a fun project!
a gift.
Remember, SWAG = Sex With Alex Gaskarth.
Just turned Red Dawn on at work
Y'all had me WEAK The WHOLE ride to the airport!!!! #CLASSIC!!!! LMAO!!!!
If the weather is bad wait a minute it will change
dude I can't wait to see that movie. It looks awesome! No sarcasm intended
My dads letting me blast 1D in the car and he likes them!
2 for 1 Homegrown tickets today at Calkins Wegmans tasting (1-4). Come see Jaime and me and have a beer.
Hear Hear!
“: watching event! Get involved! Tune in!” yes ! watch nbc7sandiego at 7 am pdt
A tad worn out from craigslisting wedding stuff. Still, it's an interesting way to inventory while cleaning house at the same time.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 27
Thanks - it's from the in my hometown, Detroit.
LOL great analogy!
Looking for a new sports writing gig? Sports site looking for new writers? Check out
But you can totally send me a drawing in Draw Something while u lounge
Feeling like everyone is ready to win bundles today on stars, let the sweat begin!!!! Go
We do, but only if our bread is in it!
doing well, Meg, thanks. It's been fun watching your success; it's been a while but congrats on becoming a Mom. Stay well
oh our dear anne zald's assessment talks keep getting the sleepy morning slot. what's up with that?
2012 indianapolis Flower and Patio show. Through Sunday. Call LEGACY for free tickets.
Landlord refuses to fix serious leak? That's insane. Any provision in the lease?
I really enjoy Byrne's Fantastic Four run to about #250. But, all that drama from #257 to Reed's trial in #262 is good too.
"Liberal" should be an adjective to describe a type of policy, not a noun used pejoratively. It degrades the discourse.
Thank you live music for forcing me to understand that certain things don't matter at all. At. All.
“: My chinese friend died last week. So Yung.” lmao
Managers got me fucked!
Manchester City wins English Premier League title JPMorgan CIO who will be kidnapped with Justice
Really?! I need to watch.
Freaking hot
Oh, you're right. It's basically the latest weigh in plus or minus the lbs gained or lost. But might be able to fit it back in.
I wanna go for a walk.
girl you know you want to be on planes where those uniforms are. #emirates is the best flight you've ever been on.
lol im back at ember thursday nights!!
Yes, you are correct RT : it's true! also nebulas are kinda sexy. am i right?
Watching the Yankee's Game with Dad:) Text the cell:). 13 more days(Field days),17 more days(XC), 35 more days(School)
Reading between the lines
Final bubble filled in on my ballot! Probably will wait until election day to walk it in, but still feels good.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.
Duos, Fat Sammies, West Coast Taco
Saying Orton is the best chance to win for Denver is like saying Bettie White is a cure for male impotency...
Lunch....thin sliced roasted turkey with mayo rolled in iceburg lettuce.
#Ethiosoccer will be in DC ------> follow for more info
extreme cardio, cut diet, supliments, and heavy lift'n
that means when u do move to Miami, you would need to take down all of your posters and you would need to change your P.O Box
“: People with big smiles live longer.” don't know if I believe this .. Does this mean they are happier
People with Asperger's Syndrome :)
55.1% of all US prisoners are in prison for drug offenses.
Stop by our booth tomorrow at Women Of Faith in SanAntonio!! Lookin for all the Austin girls!
Happy Thanksgiving too all!!
I miss hearing you on the radio in NY <3
this is the 3rd date i've tried getting VIP for, and this is the only one i've gotten luck for. i feel super lucky. thank you!
facebook fan? friend request us Js Edwards mens
gave me goosebumps when I saw the love tag!
Vinny Can You Follow Me! You're An Inspiration To Me You Make Me Feel Like A Real GRANDER! I'm An ICONic Girl! 4Eva
nice! good for u, bae. enjoy it ;)
we're getting ready to head to #chicago bridal market - what are you looking for in gowns/bm dresses? your input helps decide what we order!
"You jump, I jump, remember?" -Titanic
I can't believe I live wit this Guy
I see what you mean Thanks, that gives me something to think about!
Who named Milton, Hutchinson, & Overton streets in RegSq? All were 17th C english radicals.
are you working for groupon now? :)
None of our 3B's make that play.
i forwarded you my hip-hop recording artist precise dirty version for his single "it's on me" and his bio/publicity photo.
TGIF! Off to see one of our favorite designers Carson Clark of Carson Clark Design. Lovely lady with lovely design talent.
Wow, the palladium is incredibly beautiful.
R.I.P. Parks and Recreation.
im tuned in have you checked out my video blog on youtube? www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87
Now I'm setting up some circles to follow people.
Never lol RT I HATE YOU
So jells! RT : Going to go try out my new fancy ass showerhead.
Shes a girl with her mind set on a boy who was never sure.
I wanna take a walk in the neighborhood
Lmao RT": Say something else and these balls slamming on yo forehead ."
I been woke : day one of the switch up is here
Broiling some smoked sausage and fryin some french fries
she's pointing at the camera like excuse me who r u
Obsessed with #VitaCoCo :)
of meeting someone new!
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
I'm so sorry :(
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Waiting for the final changes on the mix, working on the artwork. The new record is almost here!
Questions I ponder: Why is Suge knight still walking the streets when we all know that he had something to do with the murders?
Also, chck out that pic on the background. That's from your roof top garden. Jakes will even deliver to you while you gaze...
Was that tweet to me LOL
New blog post submitted about the HUD-mandated count of homeless people that happened here in the San Diego. We counted, did you?
Watching YouTube videos till I knock out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
im broke, suspended all week, and im facing charges for assault and battery, buying you a ticket is the last thing on my mind LOL
RT : "What are your Miller Park pet peeves?? SportsRadio " No place to set down a drink in the Women's bathroom stalls!
coincidence that my company and i launch new websites on the same day? yes, actually, it is. check out new boozallen.com!
Thanks for joining us last night!
yea a rare time i agree w. That loud mouth
New week, same locations! Stop by Schlitz Park near Manpower today for all your Haute Taco needs!
$BLOAQ absolutely nuts!
Deadline for choosing is TOMORROW! Please spend a few minutes tonight voicing your choice for the future of San Diego! It's easy!
Sorry... I wish I had better news.
Wow! Doing GREAT with #HCG! :D RT to answer your question, I've lost 10 lbs in ten days and my hubby has lost 21 lbs.
Venus beats Rodionova in WTA event
Joe Scott will be on Mile High Sports Radio with tonight at 7:40 p.m. MT
Klinsmann the MAN!
It's Cinco de Mayo and Kentucky Derby day. Tequila or bourbon? I'm so conflicted!
Will the power relationship shift through obsequiousness, or through non-toleration & challenge?
At 14 years old, I decided to take the bus & subway to SOHO. That experience made me realize the world was bigger then the "BLOCK" ...
we should make a kit. We'd be rich.
er I meant newborn :) no sleep, brain no work.
Go visit in FL, CA, NY, or MA to pick up a pair of your very own moccasin booties! so cute! Best part? They go with everything :)
well idk im gonna try to.do 5 but the other 4 im.gonna get that shit of google
Incredibly impressive Biz pitches 's BYOBB lots of smart entrepreneurs in Philly!
I can't stand people sometimes.
Got home & fave Prince song came on when I parked, gonna stay right here & jam til it's over "act your age not your shoe size.."
u still up
I didn't say enough. NO ONE IS LIKE YOU
I want too party
Were you drumming at a protest today?
The Law of Attraction is really all about following what feels good.
Scandalous kids these days.
Just made another movie! Can you say addicted?
no problem <3
I know these predictions always turn out premature, but I just really don't think I'll ever be down with the name "BuzzfeedShift"
Ha! If you'd had enough beers you probably wouldn't have felt it! RT : Either an aftershock or we've had too many beers.
GMAB ... Give Me A Beer
any time love:) do me a favor?
Someone stole my girlscout cookies but ima find out who it was & they're going to pay me back!
I will do pal. I'm only picking winners when I go. Did you go to the Darby game on Monday?
Nice that we finally get winter in March.
lmao well yea if the fans appear as soon as they tweet something about where they are and they're in their face
Couple new flavors of arizona teas coming in tomorrow, make sure to check them out
Watching play their final game. These guys are good.
Hmn . If this bitch woulda played her cards right no one would be in a mess but what do u think I'm afraid for? Cause I'm not.
A good lesson that no one has learned .
Great conversation. Great night for
Thank God Just To Be Alive!!
RT "Obama didn't inherit the economy. He asked for it, campaigned for it, spent $MM to get it and promised to change it!"
I feel like I had something to do tomorrow. I can't remember what it was.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom
Finally going to see the new ohio union today... First, shopping in polaris
I'm not surprised! You organized!
- Congrats to you all, Jesse!
The most sexual song on the radio right now is "Up - LoveRance" smh
This really sucks.
Did someone mention "BEER"?
#sxsw Okerville River kicking off. A Amazing sound. Cave Singers were super just prior. F R E !
Always looking for volunteers behind the scenes, and right now looking to grow our onstage talent. Contact:
I don't wanna be lazy anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
LOLZ RT : Glad I wasn't on Twitter earlier when everyone was being annoying about some soccer game.
They would show a dog pooping in Puppy Bowl VI!
it sure wont be a hit
Congratulations to for advancing to the champions league final. #bishop #hailhail once a tim always a tim.
Listening and watching an EBSCOhost for TexShare training on eBooks. Love it!
Several million lonely beasties we be.
NFL announces distribution of Legacy Fund designed to support retired players.
Tell Ty I love him and want to pet him! hahaha
Im mad theres no girls at my work
#RealTalk. "I want to die the way I was born: naked, alone and inside someone's vagina."
No doubt. You have the same number right?
Enough to put Smith on the ground? Sorry, Jake. A light breeze can do that.
haha we better my dude !
Whatever Austin. You creep on every girl, and I'm tired of it.
I shouldn't have to guess whether you feel the same or not..
Hell yeah! Glad you dig it!
They still gotta come home and play us it's cool!
I loved "Boy and His Blob"! I was wondering if they ever were going to do a remake of this game! Lol
thank you!
Lost cell signal during call. #gotmetro'd
Do women prefer lower body weight training vs. upper body? To all our ladies out there…which do you prefer?
Pizza land Fans, Mark your Calendars, JULY 1st 2011, PIZZA LAND DAY, (1st anniversary). great Deals, prize give aways and Fun times ALL DAY!
bitch ian ask you if you was interested lmaooo you cant help that shit if you interested dumb ass bitch
yeah... It would probably be one of those "work from home" kinda days. Haha. Good luck with that.
he is great! ! U can babysit one day lol
I need to run to Target real quick <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AF> but my mom is not tryna bring me
perhaps an appropriately timed skynard ringtone?
It's what makes conventions tolerable.
Crazy how we can blame global warming on the store Spencer's.
I just need somebody to loooovvee. I -i dont need too much, just somebody to love.
Bye bye, Dukies!
awesome! I can do everything from social media, marketing, graphics, audio, pr, etc..so let me know!
Every one go follow he is very sexy and follows back.
Wajcman says that one reason she chose to look to families is because most other studies focus on youth...
It's time to surrender your Wednesday only
If I Follow U N Ur Not Down With Superior Apparel Ur Gettin Dropped QUICK!
ready for our first spring break in PCB #PartyPass puh-lease?
Send your query to YEN group in ISTE12 NING or Community NING
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe Failure isn't an option.
Can you recommend any love stories this Valentine's Day?
First rule to remember: Don't ask for my phone number then hang up..I might not answer the next time...:)
I could tell by your last tweet haha (; You're going to the meeting today right?
How is everyone this fine Sunday morning?
#Wondering if the possibility of Zimmerman getting 16yrs is enough justice. Will the case even go to trial? Unanswered questions. Answers?
Oh, oh! Lovely to see you, FastLaugh. Has been *ages! :o) You've been missed.
that is one over whelming trait/Skill.,, good 4 u. Enjoy. “: I thrive on awkward moments...”
Sometimes I feel bad for thugs when I realize they can't enjoy a cup of hot cocoa with a bunch of marshmallows without risking street cred.
Damn right I love the life I live because I went from negative to positive.
r u serious Bubba?? What a shot!
Be sure to join our free email newsletter for some nice specials being announced this weekend, January 7&8
I need someone to read me a bedtime story :)
i can't imagine that there is audio recording/synthesizing software less complicated than garageband even on an ipad...
Maybe I should reconsider shooting people off stage. The music isn't working. We need more cowbell.
I can't wait to finish off this tea so I can get another. iz not so gratez acshully. =P
WRs w/ value this year: Decker, Avery, Laurent, Aroma, C. Mitchell, Hagan, DHBust
I mean this: reading Chekov is like having new skin grafted onto you. Once read you can't lose him.
Left my phone somewhere. . .so, if you are looking for me, I'll be checking in online.
no i havent :/ hopefully i will this year :)
so happy about that!
you already know.....smh
Why am I so fckin tired?
plz answer me
Lookimg for affluent waterfront, black communities -- can you help me find them?
so excited to see Emily on Bachelorette tonight!
met with the hotel staff this am, prepping for
They say good things come to those who wait.
Thunder up!!!
I have got to stop watching this, in other news day 14 done.
We are playing tons of shows in July, August and September. Check our website for details. www.wearestockoptions.com
im gong to FCW then.
Khalyse keeps me moving everyday i will nvr change being being a.mother for nfn
right ... I don't think post-pub comment meant to follow any specific model, so some kind of managed commentary is your . ?
can't bring myself to vote for a democrat. There is no viable 3rd choice...
I truly will see you guys at bronner brothers
Going to Nashville today! Gonna look at a new engine for my Z build, and do some shopping =) can't wait!
Alexa's Instagram:
your funny ass hell homies yhu got me weak im dieing over here.
My attempt to create bread pudding out of stale chocolate cupcakes was.... a success!
.... I meant " and I can't wait for you to come visit!!"
Fieldwork planned for today. I just feel better on days I know I am going to do fieldwork.
I have had dreams and I have had nightmares but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams.
Happy 18th Birthday, Beautiful Daughter #1 !!!!
Getting some amazing arrivals this week ! , , !
Hey mike. I'm trying to get involved with ODC tech team. Worked with kenny back nov/dec on some stuff, looking to get back in loop.
RT : Hmm... I thought I was a sub guy, but apparently I'm actually a hoagie guy. Pittsburgh is the gift that keeps on taking!
Steel is real after all!!!
Happy Mothers Day!
it is worth a thousand words
This Summer Has Been Very Eventful , And I'm Thankful For Every Bit Of It ! <3
BEST way to begin your TUESDAY??! Come join me for Extend&Restore + Asana Sculpt Beverly Hills
Girls on Facebook: "getting starbucks with jenny!" 2 minutes later: 141 pictures and 6 videos uploaded.
For so many, the biggest obstacle to success is self-sabotage. Fire yourself up! Open to receive!
Somebody take to to this year oh god.
hanging out at the bar is just not as much fun anymore it is more fun to go to dinner with you one person
Off to class.
The smell of the beach <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
you are extremely cute and talented!!! :) please follow me you would make me really happy thanks <3 Ti Amo! <3
"Nothing unites people like a common enemy." Question fear-based rhetoric.
Im sitting here writen part 5 :)
One point is equal to 1 percent of the principal, so on a $150,000 loan, each point costs $1,500.
right? I'm real peleonera all of a sudden! Lol.
Lombardi wishes one of its biggest fans...the great actor Jack Klugman, a happy 89th birthday. Jack joined us on opening night!
Europe was created by history. America was created by philosophy - Margaret Thatcher
Way to go John! “: Getting updates on my kid's karate performance at Jr Olympics in Las Vegas. First round of kara- win!”
How was the comedy fest?
Hate Liars.
big ed fr twin peaks is in this stephen king werewolf thing. how fun
thanks. I caught that last minute change... See you in an hour.
Kyaa~ Sounds lovely. I'm crossing my fingers I get a Kindle for Xmas/birthday--I've got books coming out my ears these days.
wtf u even want weave for u got a massive amoun of hair u donr need no weave woman!
call yo moms you know how that goes. Automatic loss for you. Tell em I said hey by the way.
When people constantly smell like cigarette smoke
Yea I gave up on the sober life last weekend
Tom Luna from ID: "Most important factor in education is the teacher in the classroom."
Just took the train 40 blocks uptown to the nearest bookstore so I could buy the last hunger games book. #thingswronginthistweet: EVERYTHING
New website launch Sat. April 30th. Tons of new 2011 designs, easier checkout, lighter, softer shirts and more. Get excited!
"Flat Tax Willard"! I could only be so fortunate.
I look for what needs to be done. After all, that's how the universe designs itself. - R. Buckminster Fuller
Oh boy
Strep throat is bad.
#Brewers lose 5-2. Brewers fall to 12-15 on the year.
Linkedin now has 85 million members and is adding a new member every second
i didn't buy you the corn dog..hahaha
love you<3 and i totally just voted for you guys(:
Know your roots cinco.
There is only one success – to be able to spend your life in your own way. – Christopher Morley
he's been phony supportive all night.
boo what the fick you starin' at mither fucker. may i help you.
would you lie with me and just forget the world
Omg is retweeting so much meek mill shit into my timeline lolol
Chilly start gave way to a beautiful Easter morning ride.
#spiceworld is on... Who said Monday's sucked?
Dear bands, if you don't have a Bandcamp or Soundcloud page, please get one. I don't care about social networking stats.
Debating whether I can crank out a new song in the next hour or so.
It's easy for me, I operate as independent contractor, so all expenses are direct to my taxes. No one to answer to
OMG you recorded it?!? YOU'RE A ANGEL OMG
#OnlyABadNeighbor complains about Michael Jackson being too loud. Hopefully mine share that opinion.
thanks for the pic!! Glad you came out to watch! :-)
Patagonia. Love it so much! :)
:) pick me please
We'll be performing two new songs
If you want that six pack abs, you must eat right and exercise. No amount of sit-ups will reduce the amount of fat around your mid-section.
We hope you had a great time here last night! Happy belated birthday!
you are welcome! How is your thesis coming along?
Been listening to music for some new entrance music ideas
"Your last name is Richey. Are you rich?" Far from it.
I look stupid. Haha our memories there <3 haha
And still designing :)
Excellent idea
thanks for the tweet, donna! appreciate it :)
Thanks for your vote to #PreserveNYC! Tell us in a tweet: why does this place matter to you?
same thing happened to that #iranelection fad :/
just came up with an "epic" idea with and for the kentucky show ... so excited for it !
Every 45 seconds a cannabis smoker is arrested and people wonder why we're paranoid.
Pre #artofbeer jitters. I've been up Since 530 am thinking of all the rare beers, food, and friends coming today
"name this rock."Agro crag."
"Holiness" is always a result of recognition of the love we are given and not our own achievements or efforts.
Cool. I'll check out your gear when I can get to my Mac.
haha ^_^ I'm gonna order some off of eBay :D
RT I wish I had the confidence of commenters who are proud to tell you they didn't read the entire article they're commenting on.
Almost blew away on our walk from T&M to Paradise Cantina. Some pre game beers and food with !
#raw10 Left Behind Creator said that Pres. Obama was making the Rapture come quicker, n here I thought having Him on a cross was going 2 far
have had one for 36 hours and still going :(
Clark "Mouth" Devereaux - Con Las cucarachas!
he always says it when I'm in the car and I yell at him all the time haha
great jokes? not possible
Shoulda left your feelings at Facebook , this is Twitter c:
That's worthy of a new hash tag / meme-thing...:
Up to six inches in some places is expected.
VCU is trending in the U.S. now
These little FF's are the best. appreciation! RT: #FF”
#Head like a hole just played on the radio. Made my drive so much more fun :-)
Off to bed on this note
Laundry and shower. Breakfast tomorrow morning with momma, and then my little brothers baseball game!
i just checked my local tv listings and it does indeed appear that Green Bay is not playing tonite.
GC Tip: Plan ahead! Check the weather, think about traffic, look up directions, and plan what you'll wear in advance!
Feeling good today need a drink <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
if you don't like Jump Around by House of Pain... you don't like to have fun.
Kindle edition of Columbia UP translation of Saussure's Cours de linguistique générale available.
Hey , I've got a question for libchat. If you had $1000 to spend on c-dev, what would be your can't-miss titles? Esp YA stuff.
I love this! -->RT : Mike Barber. Runs healthy imagination for GE. " Health care is a team sport."
This weekend only! Head to Brothers on Friday or Saturday and Unleash the Madness for giveaways and more!
is attending "Why Memorial Day?" A Discussion at AEI.
Apparently I share a birthday with Elmo. But Oscar is still my favorite.
im alright love im livin...
quotesforsuccess.tumblr.com <---- New quote blog that i made, #followthatshit make me tumblr famous? ahaha
$300 for the signed Mike Schmidt baseball!
ur pretty!! have fun, mine starts 10am;)
“: Who was Metta passing to?” To God for a miracle.
just u wait....
Gods Word will inspire you
This is definitely and issue you will need to check! haha
If u be urself anything is possible!!!! Nite
not too many more people besides us know what it REALLY is, once a snitch always a snitch
There are 2 kinds of yogis. The ones who say namaste and the ones who say sot nom.
Million Hoodie March founder talking social and news.
What we leave behind is not as important as how we have lived
Relieved to know that James Moustafellos is speaking Greek and I didn't just become disoriented.
Tears, tears, mo-frackn tears! wtf!
Turn around. I'm in the door. :)
LMFAO JAY PARK
Always remember somebody's life is worse than yours. So be thankful for what you have.
Thanks for the follow fam!
my friends are now calling me bubbles...and some say that im a stalker
Thank You
I AM SO READY FOR BELIEVE!!!!!!!! :D I love you <3
Last day of class as an undergrad
A lawful kiss is never worth a stolen one.
ok idc lol he a non-factor? Why he in the convo lol. But wyd?
dudes, thank you.
RT : "2 build a mass-based feminist movement, we need 2 have liberatory ideology that can b shared w/ EVERYONE." - bell hooks
NSOs and Refs have been introduced, Rotties have just finished their intro, on with the Maulers.
RT : i always put my hands on my hips in pics because it is a scary sight if i don't
Too much Halloween candy? Take 5 days to wean yourself off sugar & refined carbs by eating lots of fresh fruit and veggies instead.
I am less agitated with Timeline today...Oops, I mean I love Timeline a little more today than yesterday.
Finally joined the , ! Very excited to be "going steady" with one solid professional org., rather than dating around, wondering.
It's really aggravating, isn't it? They need to start selling them unwrapped, in trays of twenty-four!
Don't be afraid of what you don't know, be afraid of what you don't want to learn.
Apologies -- problem fixed.
… but if you're not taking on that commitment, it's much cheaper to define maintenance as what you need to support your UI
good luck to the NEST + M chess team on Monday at our CIS MLK Jr. Day Tournament at FDA- we have 1100 students pre-registered!
More hockey, then Yanks vs Angels for a bit, then time for #GameofThrones !!
You Know He's Special When No Matter What Kind Of Mood Your In , He Still Manages To Make You Smile
Yeah.. Do black people and porn mix ?
Its here we ready!!! RT : I cant wait till tomorrow...
I'm already picking out my outfit im way too optimistic :-)
Hahaha... ok McCain voters... NOW what do you think? This is comical!
people who are hating on you are so immature and they just need to get a life. I love you cady <3
What's for dinner? Is there an open invitation for the Tampico family? ;)
Do you know any crafts that use recycled materials? If so, let us know! It may be used in our "Make Your Own" Late Night!
Nothing but Beastie Boys trending! Love it!
I don't get it..
I'm renaming my daughter LeSean.
Perhaps with the new funding will send out some more invites. I even requested with my corporate email, which I almost never do
Thanks for sharing...would enjoy seeing numbers/assumptions associated with said econometric models!?!
2 point loss. Damn :(
Geo has got to stop pulling everything. At minimum he needed to get that runner to 3B.
Hulu's "Battleground" is surprisingly good.
#Big12 RT The ACC's highest revenue maker (Florida State) made less money in 2011 than 9 SEC schools and 7 Big Ten schools.
sounds awesome! Lots of real friendly guys there too! Haha RT : Working in the keys on Wednesday. Get to stay overnight.
Someday I'll actually have a relationship and omg my boyfriend is gonna hate me. Haha.
yo how did the joint out in BK go last weekend?
This Is For : *on the phone* A:you okay Katelyn? Y: ya but i'm alittle sick A:awh babe, do you think you need a doctor? (c)
Somewhere on earth Steven Curtis Chapman is weeping Hirschy and YOU are to blame!
Tell Me I'm A Screwed Up Mess. <3
Got a preview copy of #PaulMcCartney 's new CD. "My Valentine" Paul, #EricClapton, perfection.
JOHNNY IS AWESOME!!!!!!! INSPIRATION <3
Amen. RT And give me my damn data (RAW) so I can get someone else's opinion too.
Barbara Streisand Record Marathon!!! ...of throwing them around my room with bucket
lmao well they could be dating..Its more obvious now since she posted a picture of them 2;)
Saw an interesting FB post, lamenting about how FB is getting more "my-space like". Interesting timing on the day of FB's IPO.
do I send my presentation to you?
Lol Alexis was picking on the way I talk (:
#PRETTYLITTLETHINGS is premiering in Germany on May 21st @ Circus Maximus in Koblenz
Facebook creepers can't poke my twitter.
"I'm just here to win and have a good time." - Prince Fielder
tuhh on my way
3 minutes!!!! *excited*
thank you bootiful:)
's Hall of Fame Librarian and Librarian of the Year are ~both~ former OPLIN Board members. Just sayin'
At the Bridal Bizaar in San Diego...so many gorgeous displays! Fun stuff! Makes me want to have another wedding!
Oh, Anonymous LinkedIn User. You are like Sasquatch. You intrigue me. But I am not sure you really exist.
it's like that saying goes. "When life gives you lemons, put those lemons in a bourbon barrel and wait 6 months."
Starting classes in June! Have evening broker class too! Go to www.TuckerSchool.com for more info!
It doesn't, but I also know there is some1 there looking for a roommate if u wanna go cheap...
IF YOU WERE MY BOYFRIEND ID NEVER LET YOU GO
And that, ladies and gentlemen, is why I love Gaga.
Happy New Year, Had a fucking great time last night. let's make shit happen in 2010.
Yesterday I enjoyed a sherbet colored sunrise. Today, the clouds are here. It feels more like March now.
most adults kinda agree
It's Friday afternoon, the skies are clear and the weather is unseasonably warm. Have a great weekend tweeps!
"Cause I'm a lover, not a fighter. But I'm battling a heavy heart. Yeah I'm battling a heavy heart."
Rep. Barbara Lee (D) CA: "These raids undermine the ability of states to faithfully implement the will of their voters."
I think it's impossible for chefs to really hate any kind of produce! Like paint on a palate.
in the studio!
Wow, thanks! : I'll say it again: is a traveler's dream.
is sewing vegetables.
I WILL be the next Bad Girl on .Can't Wait to give the World a Real taste of BAD* These girls... #BGC8 Lol
I miss getting rts from you :(
"If you are not prepared to be wrong, you will always be afraid to be creatively right!" — DJohnson T&B
Coming up this Thursday, August 18th: Fashion Day & Mixer: 330 Miracle Mile in Coral Gables 6-9PM. Hope to see you there!
I felt like i was in the 1920's. An experience I've never had until tonight!
Mother loves to talk about her soap operas with my sister...
amazon.com or bolajitijaniqudus.com
A class on science fiction and the gothic. Leguin's intro was a sharp segue into the movie. How'd they like LHOD? Compare notes?
Need a new case for my <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>. Any recommendations? Small and slim cases only apply please.
OMG, that is amazing. Thank you!
A6: Set a precedent for your marriage. Cover each other in everything you do. Trust and Respect are a premium!
Sea anemones have only one orifice; it serves as both a mouth and an anus.
It's 2012. Stop taking pictures of your lips or eye & setting it as a profile picture. That irks me.
Acting like your famous
Thanks for the award mention Todd. We worked hard to get there & are very honored!
Going out to a club tomorrow night with my babyboy...should be interesting!
RT : Now I can stay on my dad's insurance plan till I'm 26!
It's Here! Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone! Come visit us today for drink and food specials, live music and much more!!
Bottom line is no team will win because of Tebow. More likely to win despite Tebow. Energized fan base? Vick did that in ATL too..
Kudos to Diane De La Santos of for being awarded "Hero of Wisconsin!" It's great to see excellent work in #MKE get rewarded!
First time trying a tweet chat - loking forward to is
You are so silly! LOL
58 MORE MINUTES.
RIP Don!!
It's my birthday! :D
and ...just had the best darn Tootsie Roll Pop. Thx for the invite/good time.
Can't wait. Gonna be epic!! - RT : Anyone else having trouble sleeping?
They look ridiculously tired out there .... No excuses for the bench tho. Mike has to start hitting shots
Hope you had a good mothers day weekend out "partying." I'll tell your kids you said hello.
Can I have your autograph??
#FF She of the sharp tongue and lovely elbows
We need to be the parents of our future rather than the offspring of our past. --
*hits panic button*
BALTIMORE: Early Morning Procession - beware rolling closures along the Outer Loop of I-695 from Towson to I-95 on the South east side.
What a douchey friend.
you go to sleep yet? Congrats!
“: #WaysToPissOffABlackWoman cheat on her with a white girl”
I don't really understand why it's 1:30pm and I'm sober?
how are you so cute?! ah you are georgous <3 haha
yeah.. I guess so :]
I think 350-400 for a 16gb. I just rooted my Mom's Touchpad to Android so I am beyond thrilled. I like it.
Overslept. Gotta listen to the word via Internet. After that workout, then get ready for rehearsal!
What does January look like? Love to pay a visit.
Crap, I forgot to click on the "Mic" to get the Mother's Day discount ...
I am so excited to move out of here in what six months. The likes of these people are killing me!
#FF S/O to our fam in #Philly! - Thanks for all of the support you've shown us! We appreciae you!
i liked it but i think i needed to go back to a regular wallet. wasn't good to whip out at fancier places.
Clearly, what you really did most as a child was train for excellence in DrawSomething!
Niggas use "YOLO" for anything . *Falls out of tree* "Are you ok ? " "Yea Nigga YOLO . "
noodle legs, cause he puts in work.
Sorry I've been gone so long, folks! -- New phone, completely touchscreen (had slide out keypad for years) #cumbersome!
the iPhone 5 is rumored to be coming out in October but it could get pushed back further for all I know
Sad observation, most folks are educated through news mediums. Today's news cycle makes that deplorable. So much for informed minds.
700 additional embroidered blankets ordered for ad agency... sweet... love the reorders.
I should really start a blog called "[Crazy] Shit My Mom Says." It'd bring laughs to a lot of people.
I just started laughing at my mom for no particular reason am I dumb
today was a good day
Did you know: 72 percent of Americans (that drink soda) drink coke while eating.
can't wait for more updates!
hey player! that because I clicked on it manually, it now says I'm up in Washington, #LMAO you running game yet?
do some thing funny
"Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that." Norman Vincent Peale
OMG! I missed u! Hope all is well! Please email me ur cell number! I'm kind of bad when it comes to twitter.
Getting frustrated doesn't change anything but your atmosphere! ~SM
Any one going to #CALABA ?
How crazy are you feeling this weekend? MT The day before it becomes a breakthrough, it is called a crazy idea. #Visioneering via
Smart man + smart woman =romance. Smart man + dumb woman =affair. Dumb man + smart woman =marriage. Dumb man + dumb woman = pregnancy.Stolen
Where was The Ace of Cakes or The Cake Boss?
What's nicer between Zales, Kay Jewelers or Jared Galleria?? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>
disregard everything I ever said about Odyssey being bad.
Always surprised by the number of people straight up drinking at the airport bar at 8a
Aw mani-pedi always fun!!! Girl time <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>
So I guess holding my hand during Alesana is not considered flirting now wow why did I even waste my time
haha sounds really yummy! & umm, white. Why? Lol :P
i missed me shawtie
Went over 1000 miles since April on my bicycle ride to work this AM ... then got a flat as I pulled up to the office!
Of course you can. -.-
dinner impressing as expected. Katie Rose's cocktails blowing me away. When's this place opening for real?
Getting ready to watch JMU and Montana in a national semi-final in football
this is bullshit!
Wore my member tshirt walking around Lake Harriet this evening. It got one (audible) comment: "See, she knows what's goin' on."
Would love the Google+ article you mentioned in your session at #asw12. Great presentation!
Thanks! We will make sure to post some photos
Thanks for the tip. What #ffs should be more like.
RT John the Baptist understood that the crowd was never his in the first place.
“: Pretty work, Andy-keep on doing what yer doing and come north soon...” can't wait to get up they way buddy!
I'm THAT guy in the office today: tuna salad & a hard boiled egg for lunch.
must work. no more looking at lenses.
TIL also that nobody in my building will come to check on me when I scream bloody murder in the kitchen
About to take a little nap till my hubby calls. :)
Ruiz proves driving force in Phillies win
good morning
Just inspected? Or also approved? RT From cheeseburgers to Big Macs, we serve 100% USDA inspected beef in our burgers.
User:AltheaRankin262 - Best Idol
My friend from high school is starting to go bald. We're having a funeral for his hair this weekend. It's a sad, sad day.
we're so excited about the endless possibilities! can't wait to see the festival planning blossom :)
Harold Stop !
for sure homies WORD
Just because I don't hang out with many girls, and mostly guys. Doesn't make me a slut. It makes me smart for staying away from drama.
Celebrate National Girls and Women in Sports Day with on Feb 1st #NGWSD #TitleIX #libraries / wk
enjoying 's examples from her creative students. Lots of real-life issues being sorted out through multigenre research.
New nickname: Al Chuckets
What a bad stretch of Monday night football games
now following ..!
glad you had fun!
A man content to go to heaven alone will never go to heaven. - Boethius
RT : Check out the promo video for the occurring this Saturday!
shoot out to some great folks. Happy Friday the 13th.
more than a few metrics show MIL has some 'good luck' coming their way. BABIP has been really high in April as well...
yeah but you don't want to feel like this. i feel like at any moment a baby alien is going to pop out of my stomach. smh
Good Morning Tweeps.!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Nah his a nobody Drew. LOL
#millennialmedia a #mobile ad server up 92% on its first trading day, nice sign for #tech #IPO. Hopefully trend will make #VCs eager..
the finished frog eyed sprite on wheeler dealers is a cute looking car!!
hey Christian, sorry we didn't get a chance to catch up, when do you fly out?
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience. -Elbert Hubbard
it's a wonderful life....
OMG just prank called us! NO you can't have pets in the convention center!
Thanks, Scott!!
are you going to post more photos on instagram?
LOL I won't. Trust me. Thanks for keeping me in check
I just want to thank Bruce Lampard from for visiting my school today & inspiring my students to achieve & serve.
So proud: Former student remembers my Unix story. RT "something like "biff" the mail checker dog"
U not a bad chick if u got bad credit lol
Heels haven't been sharp of late (though we played well tonight). I wouldn't be shocked to see Terps upset.
I have 134 tweets to look at...
i wanna go back to the beach :3
if you liked it, then you SHOULDA put a ring on it.
The best is yet to come...
Things are getting done and moving right along. Next year will open so may new opportunities. Very Exciting.
Now you get it!
So wonderful.
1 episode of Mad Men and 3 episodes of Community tonight...and we're still behind on both of 'em. Plus, dishes afterwards. Go bed now.
Psalm 99:2 Great is the LORD in Zion; he is exalted over all the nations.
I think someone stole my Jack White Blunderbuss cd. I don't blame the thief, it's that good. I have and the new Shins to help.
As well as if extra yarn in case I finish anything is necessary.
we are all looking forward to hearing your stories. I'd love to get the extended version over lunch/coffee Grace & peace sister!
actually that's number 2... It's actually business plans. Yeah. I'm such a loser haha!
Funny how a dollar can look so big when you take it to church, and so small when you take it to the store.
Got any #skejidea's to share?
ah but I'm going to Santa Clara!
I'll take two :)
You know what's a really good song? Neither does John Mellencamp
Consumed incredibly delicious breakfast sandwich. It was like a pile of cholesterol stuffed in between bread. Now entering food coma...
To generate effective citations, create special offers for nearby business employees.
Now playing I wont give up by Jason Mraz <3
thx!!! RT Congrats on the cover Looks Great
Two dentist appointments in a week... School time....
Did I say I cut myself on a box at work today it still stings and I was bleeding significantly costumers were handn me bandaids n everything
Totally awesome Social Media Marketing Workshop today by & - they are the bees knees!
sure. What do you need the most help with? How can I help?
I love that it's still light outside. Finally the sun is back in P-town!
Missed you at LAUNCH man, hope you're feeling better!
Great! I'll be sure to pass the recommendation along, we love this kind of feedback so keep it coming!
There's much more then just one beauty... was racking my brain trying to figure our who's home to put them in!
Do I smell a hoee!
Havent been at K mart in a while
Realize, that the motion is not dependent upon a rolling sphere! Remove the tracks and transfer motion to a central bearing.
Stakin cheese till my bread right..
A half truth, like half a brick, is always more forcible as an argument than a whole one. It carries better. -- Stephen Leacock
lol ikr one day i thought my plan got cancelled or somethin! i texted a million peple and none of them texted back! lol
Not in a good mood... Imy :C
im not falling off the face of the earth. Im gonna miss youth group the most out of everything
Theres a video on youtube of a girl with 46 on her face. RT : More than one facial piercing on someone is complete overkill.
Thanks! I screwed up & forgot to enable comments when I first published. Fixed it a couple if hours later. (Hand-face plant)
Keep on loving each other as brothers. Do not forget to entertain strangers, for by so doing some people have entertained angels
Hanging for new years 2012 at Fremont East in Vegas baby!
my knuckles have turned to white. There's no turning back tonight. Kiss me one last time.
Just took the best nap of my life during my Government class.
too funny-sad i missed this adventure
Djokovic and Nadal out makes me really want to try to play on blue clay.
American League. Life long Yankee fan. How about you?
Just watched a bio on Freddie Mercury. He was amazing, to say the least. Here's my salute to him, a rock legend.
looking for a expert in the entertainment industry to help Celebrity Spouses understand the industry better..
Yay! I've got it! Welcome to Twitter! It's a handy way to point people where you want them to go!
Episode 2 of Unwritten Rules was on point! The smell of a Black person's lunch in a predominately White office! Been there! No, not sharing.
in this case I am the one desperately asking 4 fixes as the site went live w/o necessary cleanup due to accreditation timeline :(
you know it homie
Today is a wonderful day to celebrate the work of Veterans. Now to explore how to better serve them as audiologists!
Is speaking at the University of Chicago's Multicultural Graduation Celebration
on board w/that -- it's the worst kept secret & "effective" might not be the best adjective
:-) so happy got my new LG phone!
I now "have" a cat named Mari juana. I don't actually have him perse, and we don't remember his name so I named him Mari Juana....
yes she is ;)
January 3, 2010 at 3:32 pm! Guess why that day is so important to me? (hint: something about Booboo) lol
this is not about being an Obama supporter. This is about knowing how the man practices his politics.
In a heirachy every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence. - Laurence Peter 1969
Attending a talk about feminusm and Occupy movement by Kate Griffiths #AES conference
Life is a gamble and I'm all about my poker chip
Smiled at the guy who held the door for me until I saw he was standing on a scooter. Freak.
Last daddy-daughter dance class tonight. Big recital this weekend at UWwhitewater. is heading to
Time to graduate kiddies!!!! Sitting with and
First time in a long time that I've seen something truly new in a theatre. Great film.
Wanna Enjoy ur Bday With Good Music, Good Food, & Drink Specials? Join Me On Thurs from 6p-11 @ PEJUS
I'm not saying for me but I mean our generation doesn't have any love but just lust
If u're a smoker take a bit out of whatever u smoke then chew it. U will get the same effects in a quickie time frame compared to smoking.
Blake Griffin played wonderfully tonight despite the loss. I rip his game a ton but here is credit when it is due.
RT naw naw naw : I do speak to you . I always gotta say something to you first .
Angel Food Ministries closed and left a huge void. It was easy for us to feed several families for a week for $20-40 each.
The problem with having co-workers with the same shoe size as you, a cute pair comes in and the claws come out, haha!
RT : I promise, my feet are SUPPOSED to do that.
Can't wait for Teen Wolf... and are lookin fine in that promo....
I got a cracked screen HTC windows phone if you want to use it?
call me bro
Anyone having problems with Red Laser on iOS? RL Classic seems fine but I keep getting "Frame load interrupted" errors. CC:
It's official. Pure Elegance Motorcyle Club is on Twitter!!
just got off the phone with a director in dominican... another movie in the works!
"You sending the wolf?"
so fuck you go be with her asshole.
Gov. Rick Scott signs $70 billion state budget after $142.7 million in vetoes
S/O for that followback
hours remain for the umph! of Membership - www.kickstarter.com/projects/undergroundlibrary/the-underground-library-memberships-continued-0
the cards are so pretty!
Yeah. Stairway is pretty undeniable. I just wasn't in the mood to listen to it thru the wall separating our apartments.
not gonna be able to make it today
its a long story ill tell you after school
Ha, no. It's an old school journalism symbol to indicate the end of a story.
"Today I'm going to the grocery store." –American Copia: An Immigrant Epic by Javier O. Huerta, who is
I wanted to just do it. I over analysiszed the question
Man, how you gonna be down 31 with 6 min left in the 3rd Q? This is a joke. Bring on Heat-Thunder, asap!
Is it black girl lost or shortie owe you for ice ?
is there a place in the webinar to post questions?
suck my dick . hard.
w/SET FOLLOWS OFF Happiness is the key!!!!!
lol for some reason im.not feeling the love
W/ Biz study, don't parrot jargon or cliches. Form authentic thoughts and you'll absorb and build upon new knowledge better.
haha omg I'm on the phone with Julie we are both laughing. You've got juicy mangoes.
Want to make a difference in a young girl's life? New Mentor Training this Thursday, April 19th, 6-7pm. RSVP/questions:
We'll be in Staten Island w/ volunteers to plant thousands of trees tmrw w/ , ,
Omg! That book sounds amazing! I love books that have a deep emotional meaning. I'll definitely check it out.
Partaying with my friends!!!
the tweet. It still shows up. ?
I'm good!! How are you?:)
Happy mothers day mommy <3 love yahh :*
Thanks! RT : Yay! officially announced his candidacy for Seattle City Council Position 1.
I just noticed something. All of my best friends aren't part of the circle of friends that I hang out with daily.
you all should tweet to follow me. hes my owner and is not following me. ): lol
i tear my heart open just to feel. RT : and our scars remind us, that the past is real. RT : my weakness is that i c
Bahahaha, i don't even talk to him anymore so Idc what he says haha
turns out its the new version of the follow/unfollow button, So I just kept pushing it.. now, I know what it is! :) thankss
aww sweet! Enjoy the time you have with him!
Doin a meet up with Gustavo. Hope he's legit.
I would love to see a mayor, police commissioner, city council, etc. who can address this type of q directly.
Let us know the next time you're in LA. We'll build a fire for you. ;)
i heard bella and zendaya were going to texas but i forget when and where in texas i saw it online somewhere
Nice racing in Vegas. And congrats on top 10 year end points standing. Best of luck next season.
For the record, CG or no, no reason Lester should be getting this close to 120 pitches tonight.
“: Um, it's the week of the 18th. That's that Sunday, I think”oh okay, well I shall be here.:)
Yes, totally wearing jeans on last day for traveling home!
Take away Republican and Democratic power #OccupyWallStreet change voter registration to non-partisan. Start a true Government makeover!
Sweet - you can turn off group MMS on iPhone! What an annoying feature.
I really do hope this petition to get Basketball Wives off tv works. Let me get to googling for a link.
How many followers is RO at right now??
On the ground in Newark.
Ha, no was starting a tweet about Troma and hit send by mistake. Then realized it wasnt funny.
Its definitely NOT boring. #CanWeStartaRealityShowAlready.. :) RT : A taxi ride in Chicago. Now THAT's entertainment.
#hyped to watch the knicks on Dec. 25
definitely not the most grown up way to handle business
I know I could have text but I felt like tweeting but what are you doing sunday at4
more like very gross -.- Haha congrats on UC Irvine btw :)
Happy Graduation ! #HowNeatIsThat :-)
and you were absolutely correct, my friend! Sadly won't be able to be around for the discussion tonight
someone's car alarm is going off outside and sending me insane!!!
ahem. yay to corrections and making it all better!
I need to make it nobody go hard like me.
Join us for Mother's Day brunch May 13, where she'll receive a rose and a chance to win a spa package. Call 503.223.6200 for reservations.
thanks Richard. You too! Can't wait for La Lot to open.
Reasons why I might be insane: My school visit booktalk list currently numbers 77 titles. In my defense this is grades 5-12?
Aye :-)": •starts blushing while takin off clothes• lol “: can I hit it in the morning?”"
sleep when you're dead.
Bryce Harper's haircut looks exactly how you would expect Bryce Harper's haircut to look.
I just love when people call off important meetings just a couple of hours before
It's like Etsy, but for Barbarians" hahah
hope u guys pull it out. But I just started watchin the Cats. Gotta take care of the boys.
Abigail you need to learn how to do a country accent <3 I swear u would sound adorable
Looking to purchase, rent? Check out MaryOnTheSquare for our latest listings.#Maryonthesquare#philadlephia real estate#Rittenhouse Square
It is absolutely burning out here.. buisness as usual in the throom
Follow us today on Twitter or ! We follow back.
The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge....
2013 OL prospect Tate Leavitt involved in his community. RT : Time to umpire.
Even though I barely knew him, it's bothering me.
Billy Clyde probably don't remember being at the game?!?!?
S/O to my bestfriend turning 19 today. HAPPY BDAY MUNCHKIN
well it's good to be nice & forgiving & shit, but there are some times when a person needs to put their foot down & say no.
Yes, we will be doing free readings for callers tonite on Wings of Love radio! Hope u can get thru! :):)
why all the conan hate? You tired of everyone talking about that NBC mess on Twitter like I am?
Verizon is messing with my NBA playoff watching. TNT is down.
YEAH!! the call is REVERSED!
RT : Thoughts and prayers go out to the friends and families of the three BU students killed in a car crash in New Zealand.
I been in the night life bizz for a while now,and for the life of me I will never understand why women who r not gay grind on each other
but you got to see me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
naw now we are on to fucking medical bills up. thats the new new
I am just getting hip...
Jeff coming out with the patwahh who messing with u
what up bro, hope all is well. I see you've been killin it on tour. Make sure when you hit Vegas you hit me up.
2/3 sensor is no longer a good idea. 3K not enough for stills. Scarlet was a girl, but has now grown up into a woman. 5K!!
Caleb Hawley wowed Steven Tyler, American Idol AND a whole nation last night with his Ray Charles rendition. He's our pick.
& when I said I loved you yea I fucken meant it.
Matinee Monday!!! Stop by The Children's Museum of Indianapolis from now until close to receive a special $19 matinee ticket!
which one will you work at??
it going to be a beautiful weekend.
thanks for letting me know!
If #Grammys is German for #TheWalkingDead then yes, that is what I'm watching tonight.
your are the most amazing person ever <3 Please Follow Me
#Bruce Springsteen SanJose "2nite we're gonna tell a story about what gets left behind & what never leavesu." Thx 4 the stories
wow insults, I won!
RT : Ever see a pregnant girl and wonder "Who in the hell would hit that?!?"
& before you say it, I love you most. :)
Just bought tickets to go see <3 :D #freakingout <3
Awkward moment when my U.S. history professor messes up saying the word dictator and instead says "dicktard"
It been 20 years since I reconnected with my best friend of all time.God is Good.
#mahomie's FOLLOW US! we follow back! follows us too!:D
Is it just me, or does Pelosi exhibit signs of mild cognitive impairment?
Sorry...you lost me. Who's Lisa? (I got the skankfest/Brett part...LOL)
On the flip side, your tweets were pretty clutch.
Thanks for the RT - you just can't argue with a chocolate hippo.
Mall closes in 30 minutes. Before I even think about the att store to get my phone fixed, I'm getting
whats that twice you;ve split your pants now? in Sheffiled and in the sports relief video! hehee only you olly ;)
good morning we have already been blessed!
“: Not sure if this falls in the new restaurant category but is my 2011 favorite new eating spot.”
I'm a #Hoosier so I'm pulling for the !
Omg summer vacation is going to be fuckin awesome
Shout out to
Kev what's the next single?
This girl won't stop talking about how she gets hit on all the time
Design, decorate, and even bedazzle, your own tote bag at the Helen C. House Party tomorrow.
up late ?
I hear you-- I've found the 'faceting' feature extremely cool. Did you decide in Summer of Code?
hahaha I bet, going cold turkey for anything sucks!
Merry Christmas!!
50k...one college party....no artists....8 weeks of hard work!!
I am so proud of 4 not bowing down 2 the typical American dream. U want 2 know the reason why we luv u? Its becus u r us
I'm gonna be so tired tomorrow too! Ahhaha
that's what I say!! :) they look cute together! :)
Today I fucked my best-friend's teacher. He's home-schooled. MLIB
Incredible effort by the Cardinals last night.
1/2 off ANY drink before noon if you mention this tweet!!!!!!!!
I missed the "s" in what's #DontJudgeMe I've been up working since 8pm
Great fan promo by Dingo: 'help us get to 5k fans & everyone gets $20 gift cert. 22% sales lift
haha once is enough - we suck lol
#thatmoment of enjoyment when someone you don't like looks fat
Don't talk shit about LA than talk about how much you like Cali weed. You fake lol
tammy is about to snap (again) tonite (lol) ..
Thanks for following. Will reciprocate!
that is cute! I only like the ones with those type of tops. I'll look some up when I'm done with this dumb chem hw
. talk 2 me about courage when uve picked up a rifle & stood a post willing 2 lay down ur life 4 Country&Corps
If you don't try to understand yourself, you will never understand the why behind your actions.
More importantly, we does Gallardo suck bad vs them? “: Why do you think the Brewers continue to struggle against the Cardinals?”
You could complain all you want, but honestly I'm just not feelin' it.
And the internet was leaking all weekend: #roflcon is over forever, but it was great to see it at peak lulz.
should have hired you to do the modeling! Haha ;)
If you could see my hands, you would see that I'm pulling the stick to the left! :)
The more independent artists that can make a career, the more diverse the music scene.
Going to try making some ethiopian food tonight. Lentils, vegetable stew, seasoned goat cheese, with help from spices!
Thank you to all you amazing Over 40 Females out there!! Let's continue to Connect, Encourage, and Inspire each other in every way possible!
Friday break of dawn S/O!!
RT : Next year I'm going to host my own Easter egg hunt. Except instead of eggs we'll hunt ugly people and hipsters.
yeah except for us we would never leave. We will always love them and remember them no matter what. :)
I'm kinda jealous of your date with Haven't seen that sax in months.
feel better kid! xo
wow cool because i graduated from there
Vidal Sassoon is dead; rumor that Thatcher had died turned out to be a hoax.
R.I.P. #dickclark.. The world will miss u.
And for the win...
“: I tell you you the best when I'm lookin in the mirror.” why the fuck did I retweet this shit ???
and you just have to text me, and suddenly my smile is on STEROIDS.
He hates The Smiths so I am leaning toward it being a compliment to Weezer.
All done w , just under the wire in 1:39 - great course & crowd! & lyb
Hope everyone had an amazing #SpringBreak, tomorrow we're back to the grind! We'll see you in the halls. ;-)
Thanks for the follow!
It's a good day, think I'll make some mojitos.
Do I still get stickers? has my address.
hell no
Wow head ache :(
notices me? LMFAO ur funny he never did and never will lmfao jk he notices everyonee
Congrats what the exam for
The California Mojave desert is so boring I-40 just gives up in Barstow.
hahha no one why??
Charlie is the man
Wow! Out of control!
everything GOD has for me is for me good & bad!
John Mayer Writes Love Song About Jennifer Aniston Break Up - Hollywood Life
Stole a sample of my first all-grain after 2wk. fermentation. Very happy. On to a 7 day dry-hop and then to bottle. Firing an IPA next.
watching a Jimi Hendrix documentary, reading about iTunes Pass, catching up on email and letting you know...like you should care.
Got your grandma on ma' dick.
Now I'm sobbing. RT not just beer- any alcohol! Unless you count NyQuil!
wait u deleted ur Facebook???
Taking care of drunk girls :l
Thats harsh man, he was a lot better than them, he's got a title medal remember. I'll never forget his M.O.M in the 7-1 v Roma
The thing that gets me; they tell me not to talk, not to move or walk, don't stress. They're the ones who make me talk, get up, and stress.
NEW SHOW Apr Sat 30 Mudhoney, Bloodloss, The Monkeywrench, Green River $25. Tell Mark you love his work!
Ashlee Simpson and Bronx Visit NYC, Indicating Jessica Simpson's Due Date Is ... - Yahoo! News Blogs (blog)
Would a listserv be easier? We use that for SEA. Downside is individuals have to sign up...
Thanks for checking in with us on #Foursquare ! Let us know if you need anything!
“: #MentionTo your friend who always looks like this all the time >> -_-”
Awesome ice cream at the Purple Door. loving the #brewbash at pritzlaff, and all the delicious foods and drinks.
Sing and make music from your heart to the Lord, always giving thanks to God the Father or everything.
you are usually busy
Nope. As a yellow man, neither am I. AND I'm not a lesbian. Le Sigh
You don't have to be a resident of Wisconsin to support Tom Barrett. Let's send a message to the GOP You with me? Follow
Don't forget to sign up for free computer classes for the month of March. Pre-register online at 282-4630.
Ticketmaster classifies Kiss as alternative rock. i classify Ticketmaster as clueless.
1st and goal..
"Look, Marsha, that magician is making those people throw-up!" - Eugene Burger [1983] - The Secret of Restaurant Magic
I think one of the things that'll help me get through the next two weeks of gala planning is to buy new shoes, right?
Hey, parents! Did you #takeyourkidtoworkday?
yes...y'all can come through tonight
Thanks sir!!!!
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. - Jim Morrison
Good to know, thanks!
Your stare says yes but your madras plaid shoes say you'd probably like my boyfriend better.
This is so wonderful to hear! Thank you!
People in the Bible who received the most miraculous healing were determined and refused to be denied.
We have Greg Shibley playing Acoustic Guitar from 7pm to 9pm tonight!
if it works for you, tell me what i am doing wrong!
Participatory Mapping (2012) Standards- work with existing communities, not around them. Develop a strategy to return value
Woo-hoo! Now the real fun starts! ;) RT : Hooray! My new passport arrived!!
The Planters Peanut Company mascot, Mr. Peanut, was created during a contest for schoolchildren in 1916
Really looking forward to seeing presentation at the today at 5.
Haven't seen that one yet!
win 2-0 over Chicago!! 3rd win of the season now tied for 1st in the MLS West!
Ha, ha, ha (sigh)....this is why I drink.
I have never laughed as much as I did yesterday
Ohio St. real joke.
Kills me every time.
hey i am new to twitter
Coming up in just a few, The Break Room will be talking to LeRoy High School students that are here at Javas
follow the leader follow the leader, follow the leader i wanna see ya i wanna see ya
so bord still watching lil wayne take over on fuse
That's on my to read list. You doing Manhattan Projects? Possibly my new favorite ongoing.
Yeah im sure you will be FADED!!! Lol
slash did you always have that tattoo?
#Cnndebate what plans to Republicans have to create jobs? I mean really, lets hear it. Republicans are what got us in this mess.
Dept. of Financial Insitutions: No. of new businesses formed in WI through April was 13,006, up 11.9% compared to first four months of 2011.
Before I kick the bucket, I want to do a pong dunk with Stephen Kang.
yep a good institution that can get in at ipo price
LOL! RT : RT : Condom sales still holding at a steady zero outside the Boston Anime Festival.
Wish was here!
“: Be patient...no need to rush destiny..it's already written...”luv this
I'm like never like ever or whatever saying like like again! Are you with me ?
keep us updated RT : Thanks so much for following us! We'll be having in February
doin a good job man. with all respect keep it up. u doin somethin good.
Goodmorning And Happy Mothers Day Everyone : )
You asked me why I don't wanna be your friend. Maybe. I don't wanna fall for you all over again & get heart broken.
Love declutter days #GoodForTheSoul! RT : Just bought a cabinet for my office. Monday will be decluttered.
Adam Kalishman is on air until 9! I just requested a song, so you should too!!
you need someone to proofread better, not the first time i've seen it say 'Billion' when it should be 'Trillion'.
welcome back
you won't lol :p
We all make mistakes. But our mistakes don't determine who we are. The ability 2 keep moving does—It's called life.~RM
This went from the best week of my life to the worst ever....
WHATS GOOD WITCHA BIG HOMIE NEED A NO DJ VERSION OF THE MIXTAPE IF U CAN EMAIL IT WOULD PRECIATE IT
who should I pick up Ford or Moore 12 man ppr league
I don't have to move! I'll stay up there during the event, but otherwise I just run up every few weeks for meetings and stuff.
Max & Ruffy's will be doing an in-store demo Sun 8/15 at Bark! from 11-2 at the Gaithersburg MD Kentlands location. Come by and say hi!!
I'm still waiting for the great #superbowl commercials....
Not even April fools joking, I think I'm quitting yt or at least making a new channel...:P
Hungover on a rainy day listening to wiz
I want to be able to decide to take a day off and go spend it laying on the beach..
Media and marketing training with He was dynamite for this week in NY. He'll be dynamite in London too!
In for the long haul apparently.
Thank you! ;) hope all is well
lets start from the beginning, where none of the mistakes happened, where our promises are still intact..please?
Seriously...how bad and intolerable was Alexass?
Thank you cruise control
watch food inc. you'll do fine
lmao oops I'm slow then will you come for the ride I need some bestfriend advice on something I told you earlier !!
it doesnt even feel like christmas it just feel like winter?
Doc Rivers after Ray Allen had hit three with 3 seconds left: "[Team wasn't prepared to foul]. I think they had given up."
You'll never change, its just a endless game..
want to live at the lib with me from now on?
I got a stick of butter
tacos for dinner >> #nomnom <U+E414>
RT : Students of today are consuming digital information. Students of tomorrow need to create digital information.
She is my kinda beautiful.
hey Katie! What's up!
naw how can i forget
My new play: The Agony & Ecstasy of Ira Glass, how twee reporter misunderstands how theater works.
It's finally SPRING BREAK!
Or.... is the most beautiful.... It's time to start thinking about !!!! :)
HAPPY 16TH AUSTIN!!!(:
On the way to Federal National Council =D
thin mint first.
Is Lemonade Stand on that?
Up watching Martin .
you can!! Well you can see the other Wexford idk about our specific houses
When someone gets to the microwave with their Lean Cuisine seconds before me, it's like we all lose.
Rick ross and DJ khald are both gay. Their everywhere together. Wearing the same clothes today on 106&park. They really botty and bench
You should wear your Toms...
Thanks for standing with the people who are the REAL backbone of this nation: America's teachers and workers. :)
We must realise we are the creative and innovators. Don't sell yourself short, think outside the box
Early March there will be a home page link to an "election booklet" or guide.
ranting about Bobby Knight. Got a couple mentions by callers on the Mo Eger show.
Alfredo Griffin scores on a Chris Bosio wild pitch with 2 down, and the A's pull to within 1. It's 7-6 Brewers after 6.
Connecting people that want to raise support and funding for charitable causes www.curepals.com. Be the difference. Make a difference!
well in that case WHAT THE FICK ARE WE WAITING FOR?
#owasp Orlando Things I liked: Got great ideas for our upcoming hackathon - projects a great fit because they target basic to adv skills
Fucking Aggie kicker!
I believe in ZERO!
ok so how is the weather where u r
helping with staffing and some other stuff
A wonderful evening of island music with my stunning wife
The rain cleared the streets of boys and girls in green shirts
If you have any friends in Milwaukee, please let them know because this Saturday we'll be there! Fly Over State in Milwaukee
you need to hurry yo ass up and get down here the weather is beautiful Yo!!!
Our firm is looking to hire a Commercial Litigation attorney with at least five years' experience. The ideal candidate will have trial exp…
Halsey Burgund's presentation is inspiring. Currently daydreaming about possibilities for art + music in
Just got out of bed, ate a bowl of cereal and now I'm ready to go back to bed!!!
Not a shock. Henry was one of my favorites to cover during his time in Madison.
What a day.....What a day.....Great news....Bears win. Tomorrow will be even better. Night y'all
If all this went on in high school, I must have just been unaware because I was a band geek.
Good on 'ya. You gotta let them know you're know what you're doing.
And he's nice, helpful and actually returns reporters' calls. It's the little things you appreciate as a reporter. :)
it was actually my twitter app, needee to be updated but I couldnt see any new mentions or dms. I fixed it thou:)
Her bed is getting uncomfortable
followed! but you're not following me. haha! :)
One of ur fans on Instagram wants to kill herself! She is a big fan of urs and she is in deep depression! HELP!!!
I remember that dress and your party! Can't believe it's been about a year already.
I think the term "Communist" harsh, though that could be the logical conclusion. I prefer European style socialist.
Another night at the Nicollet... open mic o yeaa
we smoke hella blunts
Cool - so I was co-chair (w/ Sylvia Morelli) of the empathy session (in absentia). How did it go?
Welcome Denise & Sheila!!
Hi, all. Looks like good interaction, sorry to have missed
I have denied nothing. I accept all facts. What I don't accept is someone's feelings about the facts. Do the research.
Zomg! i'm going to watch "the woman in black"!!!!! :D winner!!! Kony 2012!
Just sat in the carr and at my table fur me
Haven't seen my Gurrl a few weeks but lookin at her new Avi she still #winning an lookin great <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Lol me and zac got ap test tomorrow..
Oh, did I offend you with my opinion?! You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
:)RT : Love that sparked honest conversation abt failing forward & #befearless for philanthropy in comms fishbowl
It's putting me in a bad mood..hate being in a bad mood..
all and all a pretty good day, a decent work-out, an awesome lunch, good lab results, got the job a day after the interview, and now at work
Happiest ive been in a minute! (:
oh wait nevermind u got a sleepovr to attend :/
Lots of black bears in the news lately. What gives?
thank you! Keep doing great work in the world! So awesome! Yes, HH soon! It's been too long!
While waiting for the indicated ( I ) enjoys the wrong ( selly ) lo truel
Up early to go serve & teach a precious group. Reflecting on how walking in our gifting touches a spot in our souls nothing else does.
really scraping the bottom of the barrel on your starting pitching jokes now.
hey (: any chance of a follow back? Please :D
“: I can't promise to fix all your problems, but I can promise you won't have to face them alone.”
I Can Truly Say That I Am A Fighter.
How many of you participated in Small Business Saturday this past weekend? Don't stop there! 26 more days until Christmas!
#Tigers sign Prince Fielder to a whopping $214 mil contract. According to #Forbes, the Tigers org is worth $385 mil.
thank you sir!
Thank you for your support and for joining us at #Masterspov this year! Love your tweets!
She complaining about twitter so I'm going to tweet randomly now
Was point in evolutionary history where lang was only gesture. Would not call those (pre-)humans dysfunctional.
Too bad breezy can't perform his better songs.... Good performance tho!
Oh so you took a picture licking your best friend's face? You must be so "close"
“The cardiologist’s diet: If it tastes good, spit it out.”
seeing a cadbury egg commercial means spring is close. bring it!
And for the record: I do.
lol I had no idea that was my form when I was running
yes like a mad man haha...miss u!!!
Director Claudia Mueller of CVL: Listen to your staff. They might know something that you don't.
I'm offended by your use of the term vajayjay
shes crazy!!!! blamed me for everything and she said that I jumped that girl. Wtf. I have to quit vball and gymnastics
Sorry for PARTY ROCKIN'!!!!!!
I really enjoyed when I was younger and the would play music while repeating the weather maps ;)
Bwahaha! RT: twitter is odd name 4 place w bunch of hot girls who flirt but will never sleep w u. Would called it high school.
Making some laundry soap this morning! Ever try handmade laundry soap? It's awesome....you only need 1 tablespoon/load & NO fabric softener!
I like my bridge better.
What is with CeeLo and his cat?! (Yes, I'm still watching The Voice. Shut up.)
Quote of the day: "I think it’s rare that any of our painted surfaces have been destroyed or damaged as a result of post it notes."
Host nation players can content at the 2012 Maybank Malaysian Open Championship, says Siva Chandhran The growing number of golf tournamen
you and your tacos. *shakes head
GOAL! Vincent Pontrello with the empty netter to seal the deal for Delaware.
when you use a construction involving "years ago" and "QVC" we who went to college before you could shop via cable die a little.
congrats man!!
My pleasure Chris. Blessings to you & yours as well. :)
I know it's not even 9am, but a sounds good right about now....
We cause our own shortfalls. We must take ownership for our mistakes. Only then can we correct them.
STOP STALKING ME !
In Arizona, we prefer to be called DAMN WHITE TRASH. We have mountains, not hills. And we perfected white trash. Show some respect!
HEY there! If you are trying to clean your drumheads, try half and half (cream). We don't have an oil recommendation for heads.
shut up...I can't fight with senior citizens
Oh, we're really going now... :-D
Relaxed today
(Cont.) in the lineup. Says vision is perfect w/ eye surgery & saw the potential in the young squad; Kotch: 2 errors in '11 vs CLE 1b: 12 e.
out of the teams left who you think wins it all?
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
Knee surgery yesterday - such fun! Another month of recovery. Doc apparently doesn't understand how much I rely on my knees...
Wah! Come to Miami right now so we can go to Art Basel together :p
not sure where it came from..but it is a group of 2nd graders (I think) who made a vid about making good/constructive blog comments
RT RT : #mlamobiletech I put patient Ed (info I hand out) in progress notes for pt Ed in EPiC ehr
- Do you want chocolate? - No thanks, I do not. - Chocolate Oh merciful God forgive her, do not know what does this little creature.
With my cousin! love u sandra! <3
Tickets to Friday nights Rays game coming up at 6:10!!!
They accept responsibility and don<U+FFFD>t sidestep it, but <U+FFFD>we<U+FFFD> gets the credit<U+FFFD>
Just got off the phone wit after she been Tryna talk to me for two days Hahahaha
whatever you deem appropriate for such a momentous occasion.
Lol #oomf tweets the dumbest stuff I swear!
forgetting Maggie :'(
Dude, life kinda sucks lately. What's that about?
Original iPad. But still own and occasionally use a PowerBook G4.
Dear unfollowers, go plank on the highway :D <3 xoxo
now im really jealous!!!
Appreciate the kind words! We'll pass along your request. Android is on our radar for sure.
It's just you and me<U+2764>
If this morning you didn't do right by doing your cardio... get on the treadmill fast right now with a very loud "heigh-ho!"
The worst thing in the world is seeing your mom cry. You know it.
Power hour with espresso shots? Desperate times call for desperate measures.
"I can't be no hood itch with no occupation!" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Let's go #Wisconsin and #Marquette!
Minus Helen Molesworth from that comment.
Ok,Playboy $alute!
RT : Should I be concerned that everyone on this call sheet has a stunt double except for me?
When wants your phone...you end up with half your pictures being her
I'm drunk time to get in some pussy don't hate I'm only human
Nah nah nah, let's keep KRY (and by KRY I mean Yesung) belting out the baby making tunes. If it ain't broke...
I said if hit 1200 followers last night would give an autograph away but didn't hit that mark. but what the hell let's still give it away
that sounds like a good idea, but that's too tiring though lol.
When cheese gets its picture taken, what does it say?
Hm, you should probably stay a few extra days so you can get just the right return flight!
Very true.
This coffee tastes like toffee^^,).
Another one in the books. Spurs over Kings. Still chasing that #1 spot in the west. #GoSpursGo!!!
Hamburg middle schoolers ruin highland.... End of story
Ladies: imagine a man who's rich, handsome, listens well and loves you for who you are. Now keep imagining him, because he's only imaginary.
stabbing at Portland's Day Labor center on MLK. One person hurt. How it happened - any arrests - KOIN TV at 4pm
Just spent an extensive amount of time on Pinterest when I should be working on my paper.
Hearing her voice is the highlight of my day!
In the matter of two years imma
Our Black Friday sale has now ended. Thanks to all the customers who came out and enjoyed the sale. Happy Holidays!
thanks! That 'dirty girl' was not the nicest thing...but a cool song I'd like to think :)
Thanks. Glad you're connected directly with Good conversation to come I'm sure.
my profile picture makes me look like i'm trying so hard.
Is it just me or do the stars seem bigger and brighter in Texas?!? Georgia sky not cuttin' it.
Show starts at 10! And I did not get the PM but I'm totally down to clown. Always and forever.
Listenin 2 Pink Floyd " Money" & watching Wiz of OZ, the munchkins are hilarious starts & free seating, indoors! (via )
Lol : #WelcomeToAugusta where more niqqa thinking they are rappers or wanna b rappers then tryna make something of themselves
Winter apparel now 30% off Sacred Circle!! (yes, it's 80 degrees outside) wool hats, mittens, hand-warmers and mukluks all on sale!!
At the #ICSC #NEIDEX we are available to meet.
Playing angry birds with the boys on the ipad, I'm more into it than they are
Watch the movie Hook when you can.
OMG I HAVE THT SAME PROBLEM an i have a pic of him im gona send with it and i was wondering if he would sign it idk what toDO
Great weekend of Hoops action here in
Very Cool. Got our app into this past weekend. Here is our concept What is yours?
Thanks to for the support you have shown to Dr. Riba's Health Club over the years!!
The city is better for the starchitect phenomenon because it enhanced the mystique of New York’s residential housing market.
Are you okay? :(
Cash Out my nigga
Morning, why am I up
see you at spring training!!! :)
it would mean the world 2 me if u follow me back i love you jb <3
That's true - that new job takes up a lot of time! RT : Many people quit looking for work when they find a job.
KFC potatoe wedges always hit the spot
Thanks so much for sharing and we're glad you found our new commercial inspirational.
#iReallyHateWhenPeople Shave their beards for job interviews!
I dunno :o I just heard that its coming out in november :o
yeah dude. DEFINITELY learned a lot from that lol
are you going as Ziggy Stardust?
Good Morning Have a Good Day :)
yeah...but one of the best people I have come to know! :)
HB1169 school discipline being heard now
Looks like I'm 17 now:3
missing all of you guys:*
- No problem. See you then!
Big Ups to for recording with the Perkins School today. That's my alma mater!
i can't wait to watch the lakers get swept :)
now that we've mastered #microsofttags....time to attempt
So awkward when your extremely early to a class..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Ten minutes into the first #arapgov12 Twitter chat!
Hunger Games tickets now on sale. See your local theaters!!
when famous people get attacked, generates bad press for pitbulls. Can you help protect her dogs from unleashed dog?
Everyone! Go follow They are so awesome dudes and have amazing music! Go check them out!
Right - we planned it that way, since he was out of office. :)
it is the law to love me
on my facebook account....haha
you cool bro lol
cookin up beats in the recording studio, cookin up visuals in the editing suite
#nowplaying World at large by Modest Mouse Modest Mouse you really know how to calm a guy down
I had to cancel my first show ever, but no worries, Ruben Uriarte who was to be on last Mon will come on The Outlander Feb 27th!
Welp after tonight I will be twitterless till this Saturday, see you all then!
At Univ. Of North FL in Jax for FL Distance Learning Consortium meeting. I'm sure we'll talk about new State Regulations...
Thanks for the RT! Thought that was a pretty interesting SEO post.
hope you go to the Packers!!!! Good luck!!
The time has come! spring training here I am!
literally cannot believe i just bough Glade You Came by on US iTunes...i am legit speechless..so damn happy
RT Where the hell is Katie Feeny to moderate when you need her?
RT : Brett Favre has thrown his hat into the ring to replace Cutler. The hat was immediately intercepted and returned for a TD.
An educational framework for helping others achieve self-actualization.
Congrats on the Ohio state win. No gators to face. They have a shot at a title.
Cracked Pepper Crispbread with goat cheese? #YUM. Great to see you guys at the Fancy Food Show!
// thanks for the follow!
Wow I work with a bunch of adult cry baby's
Thanks! I want to join the beaujolais day coming up
things i've learned at #lssc12 so far: I WILL cry at baseball videos in public & value = why/how. Learning: the new currency.
RT : Lots of fabulous moms at the #DrMommy Twitter party tonight! Shes introducing her expert panel. Come see...
RT : Lots of great tips about writing/presenting conferences papers if you look up the #acwri tag BTW!
We hope you are having a tremendous day!
Can't wait for June 19th :)
Lost Dog Name Not Given - $500 Reward Name Not Given the Labrador Retriever is lost in Markesan, WI.
oops sowwy. I had no idea that you had an imdb page. THAS what if found.
Just got Ron Clark's new book The end of Molasses Classes - thanks Ron and team - it's a must read for parents and teachers.
I wish someone would randomly donate like a million dollars to the Nicole Thompson Needs Money Foundation...it would be greatly appreciated
Thanks to i got some Chick-Fil-A
Sweet dreams to you! No fun when the phone's die :(
50% off details end tomorrow. Make sure to buy your details now for next year before 2012 price increase. No limit on advance purchases.
Ouch. Gov. Perry could not remember the 3rd federal agency he would eliminate if president, even after given a 2nd chance to recollect.
--> Thanks for the follow. I see you recently visited Franklin. What a wonderful treasure it is.
Microsoft's search engine Bing means "virus" or "disease" in Chinese.So it is called Bi ying which means "responds without fail".
You make my speakers go boom. boom.
..the State of Maryland needs a copy editor.// Gotta say I'm missing it too. Maybe it's too obvious??
have a little. Let me know if I can help.
I'm so so so close. I will do it.
that's bugged out! They better give you that day off since you paid for it
where we going this weekend
Hey Steve! You should check out They're a clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!!
Goal to bury 200 missing soldiers every year
haha, alright well i'll wait until it knows how to potty the proper way
no you didn't.
Thinking about attending #LearningSolutions? Your friends can get you a discount or even for FREE! Ask us how.
Wait, what? lol, im lost here...
Sad day, sad night, two wrongs, don't make a right .....
ck "Bite Me Gourmet Sausage" FB page for my #
lol so me an jay jay just tweeted the same shit
RT : One Beautiful Delta---> >Awww...Thank U Sweetie;)
follow back
el mensaje de sms o de fb?
I dnt know how safe it is today to fully give ur heart to someone you trully car about
Thank you Tessa! The more feedback I can get, the better I can plan this project.
I want Shanedawsontv shirts.lol.gonna go skate lol made a new video gonna be up in comedycarlos in about an hour or two
Hi! For me, the magic hour is 11:11pm. Magical things happen, wishes are granted...
I can't believe that you are using a Velvia border on Instagram. The shame and horror! ;)
"the ones that matter will appreciate the wait." and finally, someone does. :)
I admit I can be a real asshole sometimes aha... Oh well. :)
solid stuff from and on #Castle tonight. Representing and the
im doin good ; thanks 4 askin where u from?
i wish i was touring a&m with amanda instead of sitting at school :c
I met Adam Richman at his book signing. Even more charming in person!
// they could have several sponsored "hot spots". Biggest complaint @ games is slow Internet, just think it could enhance going.
unlock your door at 5!! Gettin my drums
i might call or text you later if thats okay. =)
Thx for the follow.
Love you.<21
Had fun at Children's Museum...Now study time!!
What car should I buy?
Egypt shows that risk is alive and well
TOMORROW. Im going to hug as many people as possible...
not to be confused with GoDaddy dot com
already thinking bout this weekendd
MT Join DOGTV for Wine Pub Yappy Hour for Chihuahua Rescue, 2907 Shelter Island 5-7pm. Bring your furry friends for food & wine!
Ready to get off of work. I just want to go to sleep!
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
New Svr Thunderstorm Warning issued for parts of Sherburne, Stearns and Wright Counties until 5:15pm. Just west of Annandale now.
always good to hear good things from good people. Peace Dav hope to see you soon.
I'm not good at being there for people! SMH I feel bad
did u make the team
your last tweet made my day
A Bob Marley story on 4/20? Well played,
I typed Google search "Measuring Team" & Productivity & Efficiency ranked higher in the results than Happiness.
The only thing more Zen than baseball is reading tweets about baseball. (Well, that and... you know, Zen)
Last night I dreamed that I watched a Madmen in which Megan fake cried and left Don. I was so happy she was off the show. Then I woke up.
bien, merci! I had a call at work yesterday from a native French speaker and I was so sad I couldn't help him--I only speak...
why love? :o
I feel like crying so bad :,(
Draw something user names anyone?
Hahahaaa. Yes it is. :)
Most people don't know who they are. That's why they lie. They're afraid someone else will figure it out before they do.
dont tell his lil ass nothin he gone get enough of playin wit me
must be nice lol can I have some:D
ppl ask me to do stuff wth them when i go out of town!!!!
EXCITED for tonight's game! THRILLED with the trade!
Shitty way to lose that game
Did you return the favor???
You are welcome, Jessica!
I had mexican yesterday for dinner, it was tilapia with aztec spices, grilled gourd veggies, and aztec rice! Yum!
RT if you love shoes! What's your favorite brand?
ABQ Uptown Growers Market, Sat 7-12, Mention you saw me on FB or Twitter and get a special discount!
"Anybody who has any doubt about the ingenuity or the resourcefulness of a plumber never got a bill from one." - George Mean
I didn't tell her directly she just put two and two together!
Just sold 6 dozen to the boys at Hyundai that sold my roomie a 2011 Elantra!
The world kept spinning. You're long forgotten and now you're living in the back of my heart
I think MTV is now broadcasting its programs in Instagram.
you know what we like....CULO!
Maybe I need a "Jimi thing" is what I'm looking for~ ;)
No, im startin that next RT : yo have you started on that jazz event?
I've got my new book "The Sentinel" to the beginning of act three.
The team at is partnering with a big name in #MKE for our exclusive #happyhour for #youngprofessionals!
that's because you are all powerful!
OH from : "I don't read, I glean."
Game day!
I'm a big fan of Kick-off. It's the evolution of futbol from the 1800's through the 1960's. Brilliant UI
Welcome to Baltimore, Kevin. Looking forward to a great year!
V For Veg: Vegan dines coast to coast, but says Philly&#39;s the best
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles The Notebook
5/14/1789->J. Jones: It affords me satisfaction to find my friends have done justice to the motives which again brought me into Public Life
Don't need to wait. I get there all too often unfortunately.
yeah not both of them :3
SPURS SPURS SPURS SPURS
. Yea buddy!
as he tweets from his android ;-D
anything anytime for a Browns of your calibre!
ah - well, you do have to hand it to Seth, it was a great... err.. mistake. (Needs to do that on the other end)
“: Nappy Roots have turned into one of my favorites..nobody knows about them!” spending too much time with Wehmer i see
‘The death penalty has failed to eradicate homosexuality from Iran but it was successful to force queer people into the closets."
Car battery died... I left the lights on all day. Oops. Luckly, Mr. Jenkins, my band teacher, gave me a jump. Thanks Mr. J!
One day your gonna see my face all over things... , movies , mag's ,
So many pictures of people at dances! Prom and 6th grade dance? Dang this town was busy tonight!
maybe I missed it, but didn't see audiobooks addressed in update...
3:45pm and my 3:30pm hasnt showed up yet. I even talked to him at 3 and he said nothing about being late.
RT So the Coming Home video appears to be gone off YouTube. Lame. -> Somebody link that back up!
Thrilled! RT I've signed w/ at Penguin's Current imprint for a book about the search for Earth-like exoplanets.
i see you pulling out in front of oncoming traffic.
Ha ha smh to bad I cant retweet lol
Thank you so much for the recommendation! , let us know how we can help you!
...but they are very few & far between.
would love to! Let me hop on my jet. :)
Boring day at the shop! Someone come entertain me!
Good luck and blessings to you today on your #24HourRun for #llsusa Thanks for making a difference!
Venti Iced Chai Tea Latte with soy milk
you need an invite? DM me yr email.
Aw yeah- Game of Thrones tonight, and I get to watch it in peace, then read "Hunger Games" 'til I fall asleep into Dreamville- Psyched!
Keep a check on a pregnant #dog<U+FFFD>s temperature - She is near to giving birth within 24 hours when her temperature drops below 100<U+FFFD>F
Ya :D
the moon group???
Hey Boy! heard you are getting married! Sweet.... Thanks for the follow.....Stay in touch.....JOP
I say "good grief charlie brown" too many times a day.
I appreciate the people who can actually put up with me without judging me. I
1. Seriously impressive.
I can throw this money cuz i know imma get it back. # abundance
What?!?! Can't believe it ;(
I wanna find a chick thats freaky as hell. Nasty and aggressive one of my fantasies
Here we go Blackhawks, game 1
We love you too! C:
Off to bed early. Half day of school tomorrow so i get out at 10am baby then at 2pm getting BRACES OFF
I think so! Been here 30 days. RT : Would that be in woodinville?
RT : frank ocean and madeon were the best yesterday. Swedish house mafia had an awesome stage setup
I want to go buy my Armani watch right this second! Ugh!
it's ok.
8 o'clock classes fuccin SUCK
I miss yu so much even tho yu weren't prefect at all :/
its not even a protein skake, a peice of Pizza?!
S/O one of my new followers!
We ALL are. That's why we're on here. Lol
very true
I'm out of minutes on my phone so I have to go to town and buy more. You don't have substitute teachers.
Read mockingjay for a bit.now feeling really tired.
its great what you do with the #USO. Keep up the great work!
Alot of girls fall in love with the wrong guys, simply because the wrong guys say the right thing.
50-90% off #local area #Denver businesses #ThatsWhatIWant has you covered!
we out here you know.
in social studies. You?
If we ran into these situations, we chose the variation that appeared to be most commonly presented
gonna watch dazed and confused, such and awesome movie
YOU STOP THAT STACY. WHAT THE ACTUAL EFF YOU CAN'T SAY THOSE THINGS OMF.
As for me, I'd have said the right thing, but I must have used the wrong line. Sweet NOLA gives us extraordinary people.
no horsing around today - snowed in
aw thanx for the RT. i love you!
3 tests down, two to go!
I love it too! See you this weekend for the photoshoot!
:) doing wonderfully well. Glad to see you!
Final score for #somet12 vote Round 1: 2,023 MKE | 752 Lehigh Valley! Thanks to and for getting the word out!
lol why not?
hey thanks JM... I think I might us this. Looks nice!
like a tadpole in a puddle...
Every increased possession loads us with a new weariness. ~ John Ruskin
ill set my alarm /:)
will do. Is your number still the same?
meeting at dc's here soon but there is some weird wedding party thing in here so we might move
idk I guess u just seem like a good person
as the developer, i recommend it! also, feel free to make suggestions here... I try and respond to all tweets
oh wow...that's soon! Big boy!
did u see I met astronaut s
In case you missed the re-stocking news: The New American Haggadah is back in stock, and it's beautiful!
I am going to regret not being able too sleep past 6......
Tired of hearing about your name it's annoying as shit. I wish i never have met you sometimes!
love seeing the Irish go down to navy. Never gets old.
Bunny Breakfast Sat Mar 20 10 am. Get your picture taken with the Nestle Bunny. Style show by Old Navy. Easter egg too! Crafts & more.
no U2? or that song from the Departed?
Whys my room so hot?
Maybe. That's a particularly hazardous area to make predictions, IMO.
We're Never Gonna Be As Young As We Are Tonight.
I follow people. All the feeds I see have external links. I wanna see what goes on in peoples noodles
made plans, catching up with a friend noonish, and want to say hi to the birthday boy afterwards. Perhaps I can squeeze her in?
Mmmyep. The look and functionality seem identical.
Just realized I have FOUR kinds of butter in my home: regular, Amish, Irish, organic grass-fed (salted). The last is for kouign annan!
I woke up late!
Getting ready to fly to North Carolina
Crap no I missed it! I won the game, does that make me a terrible daughter lol
A Ray Charles Tribute in 2 more weeks! Keep watching Twitter for a chance to win a pair of tickets to the August 21 performance.
yay the giants win! i won the final pool. its my lucky year. i need to play the lotto!
Let me get ur #? then ill text u nd tell u(:
I NEED FAST FOOD
what are you up to tonight?
Happy Friday, friends!
Gotta hedge.
I just tried to add #vests to your list...is #sweaters or #cardigansweaters okay? ;)
How does Ben #Bernanke avoid insider trading charges?
nana D in this bitch....
"Thunder Roll, Beat the Heat."
Bigs came to play
Who will we be seeing at the show tonight in CHICAGO?! :)
CU 2MRRW. Will I see you tonight? #GGHH tonight! 's! JC will be at the Coral Gables location
#youknowyourehighwhen there are no lazy Mexicans in Ohio
“: Excited for this weekend!! :)” why would this be? Hm? :)
RIP Jim Marshall - I will turn up the gain on my stack tonight as my Les Paul gently weeps ...
IT DOESN'T MATTER COS I'M DONE WITH CORE FOR THE WHOLE YEAR.
what happened
Just pulled over on I-51 looking for my disc.. hard up Smh
I dont give any reason 4 anyone 2 hate me they create their own little drama out of jealousy .. shit gets old
17. Opportunities await SMEs in Kazakhstan
beautiful pic! My favorite part is Norman underneath the coffee table :)
Charles Haine seems 2 really have an eye for directing and cinemetography!! :)
Looking forward to it. Any specials tonight?
yup, it's great, I'm going to look for the rest of that show later and watch
Looking forward to being on The Sound of Ideas at 9 a.m. Wednesday on 90.3FM
it's in empty bottles.
its hot in my house.
My summer starts now, fishing this morning :)
I look at all my exes & scratch the shit outta my head.. Fuck was I smoking?? #the shame
Why hire a film composer when you can just get your friend's band to do the music?
Just landed at #LAX and got caught up on #Torchwood en route. Wow. Bravo, , Russell T, and crew. So freakin' impressed.
no problem dude!(:
And predictably now the Fox News Channel says the president has now declared a War on Marriage...
You are welcome! Mark your calendar for last Tuesday of each month for #cstweetup w/ Taa Dixon
ugh, that is not what I meant and you know it.
Friends/colleagues who've worked casting or at an agency: an actor submits a packet w/ a thumb drive of their material. Kosher or no?
LOL Yes :D Let us know the rest of the match card!
We´re already on December 1st WOW!!... the time passes quickly... HEHEHE
Thanks for RT
Buzz Lightyear and Cowboy Woody would LOVE for you to do a twitcam. Don't act like you don't see this tweet, Mr. !! ;)
OMGOMGOMGOMG IS GOING TO BE ON JIMMY KIMMEL TONIGHT. I AM SO EXCITED OMG FLIPPING.
Dammit this live stream is killing me and making me feel alive at the same time !<3
Working the desk at this morning - come visit me and take the 9:30 class with Robert. You won't regret it!
Just please shut the fuck up.
When did you get that job? Good for you.
Don't be a hater
What do you think you can do to improve your hitting at the plate?
-All hell naw somebody need to change that lol!!
PICKLE RT : It's a might bit windy today. How's a WINDY CITY Chicaago Dog sound for lunch? What makes a great Chicaago Dog anyway?
I Came up there after the fact. I had already bought the Nissan Maxima the day b4. I was looking to buy another truck.
you are not old...you are fabulous!!
Why the hell are there birds chirping right now? Its 4am no sun...wtf?
sucks that there's no service in Lucas so we could actually could know about this!!!
Parking ticket 2 minutes after the meter ran out... new record
The first 11 hours are easy. It's the last 60 minutes that are a killer.
I wish I could pull off a Medusa piercing..
thanks for the RT of our partners ! Hope to C U there in October
how's everyone doing today?
Pain is weakness leaving your body....
Our will be featured at the #MTVMovieAwards celebration this weekend! Visit our website at Txttlktees.com
makes everything feel better. I love her voice. :)
#ChristianBale is really hot...when he's not going ham on somebody.
If life was as easy as unfriend and unfollow buttons!
Great to see my husband teaching my son about pruning. Real world skills not to mention the benefits of physical work!
Patron wanted info about the Adult Summer Reading game...a great program.
ikr its so sad an nasty toi
Me either... its all thanks to 's #twitteraddiction!
I hate wen ppl say oh so&so is so hot and post a link and it's porn.no that's not funny it's weird.i don't need my mom think I look at that.
What's up with that?! Maybe he didnt live there long enough to pick up the accent
No. We knew he was a radical but there is no leader that has the guts to state the truth! Please lead us without fear!
Wow... What the hell... Up by atleast 15 almost the whole game and we loose... M mm mm
hi I'm a singer/songwriter...My moms friend is Joe case and he showed me your band I just wanted to say you guys are amazing:)
Oh, and I've got an extra T2 ticket if you need it.
I get the frustration RE: politics. Still unclear how Obama supporting my right to get married hurts you. Explain?
i am truly in need of a new computer -__- it's seriously taking me five hours of what i could've done in two, if not faster. i hate this.
Two words - cooties.
Wondering how keeps a straight face sometimes
:-] how are you today?
Have you seen the Environmental Risk Summary report from #ERS? It's a new tool to find out if there any potential environmental hazards
yes it seems to go by so fast. I hope Isaiah grows to be that big... With PG vision. Ha!
dakjshafkjdhgsjlsdgsadgj I forgot about the award show this weekend. Thanks for reminding me people on my TL ^_^
I am the bastard son of Dolph Lundgren
I take it you are a fan of Bob Marley. Yes, gotta love the guy, a true legend of reggae and of music, period!
Thank you so much guys. I feel honored and more encouraged.
Brussels recommendations?
I challenge you to a Draw Something duel: budgetfabulous (bring yr best bacon).
GREAT WEEKEND ! AND another BEAUTIFUL day in BALTIMORE !!!MISS TWIST WILL be OUT AND ABOUT ON ROUTE !!!! See use soon !
Q: Is there a crab version of BLAST 1? A: Im working on one. Here's the beginning: "LONG LIVE THE GORTEX!" Srsly-Im on the board.
Awesome tango!
it's from 8:30-12 M-Th in Rockrimmon (in-home Montessori) $125 for the week and her classes are tiny! She's a great teacher
Catching up on
Food Fact of the Day: May 16, 1866 Charles Elmer Hires invents root beer.
Just need to drop a hosting account, but keep the domain name. I didn't see how to complete this online.
ready for album No. 8 babe! ;)
My manager is a grade A HARLOT for making me work my birthday and the day before...I will definitely be sleeping friday, saturday and sunday
I used to be a#UsedTo But i never got used to being what i used !!!
To my knowledge. I do not assume responsibility for anything consumed between 1995 and 2005, before I started actually reading labels :)
Great hint Richard, lat/lons are just centers of circular areas cards will be located in. anywhere within circle is fair game
Will be seeing the Sherlock Holmes movie later today
four too many Erin ;)
very nice
I have to remember to only vent with a selected few. Cuz some folks think the have the solution to every problem
I apoligize. He is gay
lol that's why you should have your own. Can't count the next persons pockets
Why this old ass man trying to tell me what a clutch is like to go sit down
Alot of people race, but not alot of athletes do what you do or have a story like yours. #Humbleanddowntoearth. *Goodnight*
G'morn to y'all? Rdy 2 have a great day? How will you help yourself? How will you help others? Now DO IT!
GOAL! DEVILS
5 sections of intro + group activity = 100+ books that need reshelving. Thank goodness for minions.
Time to get it STARTED @ COLONY RIGHT NOW!!!
WEE IN YOUR AREA TONIGHT BEAUTIFUL!
Non stop working for the next 4 days.. Being a senior at my school is
now that's a *fire*! Roll charlie over...
Working on the InfoCamp Starter Kit and a couple other infocampy tasks tonight. And thinking about chicken coops & bike racks.
But big ups to some bolt bus eyeglass repair kit macgyvering?
right. No one likes that guy and yet there's one in every class.
In the past week, I've seen not one, but two UNIX related custom license plates! Nerds.
that line still cracks me up....:)
Struggling to get out of bed to go to school when I actually don't have to. :/ my bed feels so darn good!
I, sir, am intrigued
everytime I look at her I fix my hair lol!....let me stop!
Being without Internet effin blows...
This is going to be one of the longest months of my life.
Tears Of Joy, I Love Mark #4/1/12
Voted for RNG 269106472901 times. Yep
When I saw you kiss that girl, my heart dropped.
...Cuz u'll say you love me, and I'll end up Lyin sayin I love u too
"Mayday!" "What the heck is that?" "May Day? Why, that's the Russian New Year! We can have a parade and serve hot hors d'oeuvres..."
Some people have even advocated the introduction of the "irony mark" to indicate that a phase isn't meant to be taken at face value.
abt to watch friday, <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I need some serious plans for tomorrow... Please
a-Spread your robe over your handmaid,-a for you are a redeeming kinsman.” 10He exclaimed, “Be blessed of the LORD, daughter! #Torah 63
And I just realized I never responded to your request. I'm truly sorry & will answer you today! *headdesk*
I'm gonna tell him all this btw haha. How do you know all these rugby players btw ?
Thanks for the follow Adrenaline Kick (Adrenaline_Kick)! :)
sigh - can't even give away free stuff any more.
Sounds like fun! Glad you had a great weekend, Ben. :)
Oh! I didn't know it was specifically about Renaldo and Clara!
What do you like about the topic? And what makes you angry? (Trying to understand previous tweet better/maybe help.)
Comparing William Morris' treatment of architectural, literary, and aesthetic "fragments." Feeling so much nostalgia for England!
wow yesterday episode was so crazy lol
I lowkey have a new crush lol :))
I love the airport!.
Lebron James win
being told it's not the iPad 3. It's the iPad HD. The third iPad to be released...so sort of the iPad 3...
congrats on the Hattie!
i dont think it's something i could charge for…what do you think?
I hate the celtics
(in reference to the clothing item called a "romper")..."You should wear that bouncer...jumper...what is it? A bungalow?" -
I wanna dive into a lemonade/iced tea coolata right now
love it here. Pdx, seatlle, palms.take care of me
Learn how to get 20 minutes of free acting coaching with me. www.actorsintensive.com or / Call 323-620-6951
got to see me in my American apparel briefs ;) hahahah
Pulling SSD IOPS through a dual-controller SAN is like eating a steak with a straw. Scale-Out with HP LeftHand P4900
Who has 2 thumbs and has a icee, dis girl!!!
Now that was some rolling thunder.
"Imma have to start watching your ass because I really can't have you just coughin' out". Wow!
Game changer for evolutionary theory?
and are down with the bitches and hoes
Yeah, can you believe they April Fools'ed me a year later?
Thanks so much!
I love him.. we going thru alot right now, but atleast he still by my side and hasnt left.. im so thankful for him to be in my life :')
Thanks Eve! Xoxo
says: in clinical trials casual games out-perform Rx drugs for anxiety and depression. WOW.
you would sure be welcomed to ball in Cleveland if you moved on brother
Perhaps similes are false pregnancies, Armantrout,
He'll probably be there too. We'll each share verses. You're more than welcome to join.
You make me go afsgfkgfl.
William Arthur Ward: If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can dream it, you can become it.
Got the LV on like a Runnin' Rebel
Not sure what scares me more, you talking about choking people out or screaming at Muscle Orchestra at that press conference
Ugh. There I said it. "Animal House: The Musical will feature an original score by multi-platinum band "
I'm serious!!!
see you this weekend:)
: I taste hairspray :$ : that's me haha! #coolmorningquotes hilarious!!
Pop Deluxe/Gallery Night May 6: Live Music, Art and In Store Sale!
About to eat my own body weight in wings....
"Life is like a ten speed bike. Most of us have gears we never use." -Charles Schultz
Thank you! likes too. Come see us again soon.
I bit you will never follow me
#denverleadership " why Denver...Denver unusual civic collaboration"
RT : #erl12 is anyone interested in seeing the bats under the bridge after sessions today? Sign up at reg. Desk.
#RIP Donna summer :/ my dad would sing her songs and hum them to me ..
I got somethin for you to hear son lol
Daily GTKY question: What’s the #1 most played song on your iPod?
Imma go have some BBQ ribs tonite for dinner for my moms friend partayy
Sorry I'm late design gang. Just got in the door.
iPad session for faculty today. The group represented Emory College, Med & Grad School, Theology and Library - all brought their own iPads!
LMAO where did you see me?
planning on it! hope to see you there + have some together finally !
Dannon head butt commercial
Where are all the pics? Sounds like you need to put someone on #instagram duty!
As a startup founder I feel like I'm always on the verge of being broke or fabulously rich.
2011.08.03 #Brewers 10 #Cardinals 5 | Casey homers thrice / Erupts for five RBIs / must be stealing signs...
I miss Wilhemina Slater... Thank God for Netflix...
What you see in yourself is what you see in the world - Proverb
what would you say was your big break in the biz?
“Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go” Oscar Wilde
did justin bieber followed you?
thanks babe
Princess, you know you cannot go out without security. Partly for everyone elses safety around you. Folks can get nutty.
Glad I could help contribute Jay. :-)
anyone else's leftover jambalaya taste like victory? ours does
Bradshaw created nice UI to help manage this complex structure and support navigation through the data.
HELL YEAH!!
dude nice do!!! Come back to soon we miss you!
no problem. My pleasure :)
that's deep buddy.
I was offered free box tix to #Mets #openingday and i turned them down.
May or may not have just acquired super cheap Barry Manilow tickets.... Don't judge :)
Univ. of Georgia's Watson wins the Masters!!
Lemme call my wife right quick
We are indeed. You work with downtown partnership?
Yay!/Wha?? My unborn baby likes Spirit Caravan.
It's in review to apple as I write this. Fingers crossed end of the day.
8:35 and I've gone through the first half of my work list , boo ya!
they had this game in the first half no way of the #MileHighMagic happening! Still proud of #Broncos :-)
wait, you already read the first book, right? If so, yes PROCEED with #CatchingFire, which is the second one. Yay! It's so good.
haircut reactions: dismay, bewilderment, disbelief. had to reassure barista at starbucks that, yes, my hair will grow back.
"They call us problem child We live our lives on trial We walk an endless mile We are the YOUTH GONE WILD" -Skidrow
reviewed Redshift in Ubuntu: <U+2605><U+2605><U+2605><U+2605><U+2605> Very recommended
We should have a Fulbright scrapbook session together! I need to make mine.
yeah, going to brazil is do normal to me, sometimes I wish I could just skip a year -.- lol but I miss my family over there
Oh Fuck no my baby aint gonna date some older girl Ima spank his little ass hahah jk
rolling and rocking!
Looking for something to do? Check out Episode 6 of the podcast at www.3rdstringsports.com #colts #nfl #fantasyfootball. Ep. 7 up soon!
Nearly talked self into Texans. But going Ravens 20-17 - maybe because I'm rooting for Tebow vs. Suggs. Your gettin smarter
yeah ya boi got serious he ate that Gatorade Strip
leave. Me. Alone. It was actually a general statement, don't flatter yourself.
Wake up and do it (I'm gonna be so sleepy)
impossible to be hung over at 10:30 the following evening
love you
im most likely performing saturday night! Hopefully
fair enough. Lol. I hate those morons shaping the nations opinion of BBN, but it is what it is.
Collar bone area?
My niece just askd me "how do u tell somebody u love them?" wtf?! Sorry hunny i`m only 14...
CELINA GARCIA Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Othr stations doing it right w/ severity of storms RT they have breaking in every few mins and doing split screens
dude just combined that beans n tomato mix with eggs n cheese. so tasty!
I'm tired of ppl thinking just because I have anger probs that I get mad at everything...
im tha same way...clicker questions wack n he just reads random slides
A2 Create a workable, efficient station for the BBQ pit. Equipment, easy access to necessities.
cant thank you enough! I needed this! This will complete my paper
does pNFS become a preferred access method for flash
How about that awesome sweet tea vodka special? $4.50. Yeah
RT if you love shoes! What's your favorite brand?
a lot of 1st 48 is filmed in Dallas, I managed apartments, had a murder and I was told by residents they were there filming.
I think Cee-lo just auditioned for the Las Vegas production of Hairspray on
That's very generous of you, Paul. Thanks!
The new album #alltheway has been pushed back to late august/ September.....what's going on!!!!
Baby bro is only for months. he is like the only thing i luv more than Justin Drew Bieber
Wow, 335 followers! Thanks everyone! We love it! We are hoping to get up to 500 by the end of the weekend. Help us by retweeting!! :)
I am looking into tech for film, i.e. video cam, equipment, editing and/or software any recommendations? I want the best!
Had a dream that me and had a full conversation on here.
That would be great. I would go if I could.
your last four tweets could be our life.
@ FOLLOW & WE FOLLOW BACK!
I need a fucking drink really bad, or some cigs
SO PROUD of you and the #TEXANS. Can't win turning the ball over like that, but you guys made me proud.
Happy Mother's day jo <U+263A> God Bless you
Afternoon lovelies! Another rainy day here. I hope you're all well.
Crude oil back in the buy window. If you are looking to make 20% in the next 5 -6 yrs now is the time.
Hanging at Macoy's in Westport with my old best buds. Can't wait to rock and see The Creature Comforts tonight!
New Tapa at Charro: Chorizo Stuffed Dates: wrapped in house bacon, tangy tomatoes
flash or inner?
That awkward moment when a small kid hits you without any reason in front of his mom and all you can do is smiling at that kid.
Looking forward to watching the Super Bowl in Mt. Vernon with Debbie and Brett. Can't wait to see which commercials will air!
I feel like i'm ugly :/
TGIF. Time to go get it. Performing tonight @ Si Salsa in Bmore. Then in Annapolis on Saturday.
Strking up a convo with a young girl who turned out to be 28 ! 0_0
Working on The Wanderer took a ton of time. Catching up now. Just finished new 4th series. Will check out those 5's next!
I miss only seen her for 10mins
It's Friday! Where ya headed?
Happy Mother's Day to all my #BBNFam Moms! Hope all have a wonderful weekend! If your Mother's r still living hope u will see them!
My favorite! I have been waiting for that! Just made my day!
Jim Gabbert interview was really great. Grew up on KTZO/KOFY. Exposed to a LOT of classic TV beacuse of JG. Keep it comin'!
Going to pay for the amount of work I'm NOT doing today.
I fall a little farther everytime you look at me
Overdosed on normaling today
Enjoy $4.50 Great Lakes Distillery Cocktails Tonight at the Best Western on South Howell [by the Mitchell Airport]
Do. Your. Work.
Viewing party with at Kenton Station 5pm Sunday.
I want to be better
We're trippin in our hearts and its reckless and clumbsy, and i know you cant love me
Beat my miles time by 13 seconds!!!
welcome to America! So glad you are here, can't wait to have you home in Phila.
I wish workplaces had snowdays... I don't want to go to work tomorrow....
oh yeah, I know but I'm jelly at the bf who is the chef :)
What about that Nets team that made the Finals that time?
you'll be able to! we'll be getting there soon :)
dog or burger?
The best words a real estate agent can hear when showing a property are "We'll take it."
Daily GTKY question: What’s your favorite game? This means any game, phone apps, Facebook, Xbox, board, whatever floats your boat.
it doesn't matter to me if your perfect or if jess i like u lots kelli you always make more happy and special then anyone i know
is africa saved through bracelet sales yet or what?
Excited about date night tonight. Hanging out with other couples from our church. Got our fuzzy navel wine coolers and I am ready!
no cover at Sports ALL SUMMER? goodbye world.
Whatever makes you feel like a rock star.
It's not a party until someone opens a bag of Funyuns
it wont let me watch Austin live stupid ustream is playing up
My throat would get worse on the wedding day. Sound awful.
Him and Gary Payton. RT : Ray Allen always had the dopest custom jordans
plzzz follow back for me would mean a lott to me she's nice:)
I guess ill just accept the party life style... can not manage to get away from a party. Vegas tomorrow
#FF: If you have a single/mixtape/album out, Follow me I will follow back and Promote your music!
Tweetchats are exhausting. It's like trying to have a conversation out a car window.
you can have my twitter name but no my number.
Fear has a smell, as Love does. ~ Margaret Atwood
sorry - we don't but keep checking - we always add new stuff.
i had to really pinch myself tho...the Lakers really got swept lol.
Employers are required to post notices to all employees of their rights under the laws EEOC enforces
finally put up a W in volleyball last night. thank goodness! looking forward to a fun weekend!
... Cris Carter's admission about taking out protection "bounties" on opposting players who threatened him is violently irresponsible.
bay port sounds like a good new home for me(:
old linkin park >>
RT : #Reds win, 6-5, to take the series. Off day tomorrow, face the Cubs beginning Tuesday.
Looks like more rain . . . time to hop on the treadmill again.
Roll up sum kush
RT : Great hockey weekend in #Rochester, #RIT game at BCA just 600 shy of a sellout.
PURGATORY AFTERHOURS CONTINUES THIS WEEK WITH SPECIAL GUEST **DJ GENAFIRE** IT WAS LIVE LAST WEEK!! ASK SOMEONE!!
“: Admit it...
I love making mix CDs:)
Jurors in with Congress: Rupert Murdoch arrives at the Bhoja Air crash that hunger will mark the Obama
“: I'm hoping the Mega Millions winner is a Muslim illegal immigrant in a hoodie who spends it all on contraception.” HILRIOUS
yes, he is. and so is my boyfriend. XP
Bullying puts EVERYONE in danger. Look no further than Columbine.
there is a crepe place at the fashion square mall. who knew?
I put it to you: the rare book trade is green. Discuss.
Its a beginning..of a disaster.
#nba fans should boycott the nba and their sponsors until the fans get a break and a piece of the pie with lower ticket sales
God uses people other people don't count.
gay english project
lls im gonna save it forever ctfu
All I can do is Dream!
i am such a huge fan! you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol<33333333 i hope you see this, i love you<3!
HBK and H on Raw...Classic!
Happy b-day Amy Jo!
I totally just witnessed a high-speed pursuit happen....a car going 80 thru red lights and about 15 cop cars behind him.
i love you...
How can someone go out of their way to say they hate or don't like something. The same way I say I dislike the catholic and morman faith
I swear at least by tomorrow I will seriously be making a fan account for like you can't help but love this guy
OMG xmas avatars on !!!! love
Thanks for the MT
Its #redshoeday! Ill be at friars and northside drive collecting donations for the Ronald McDonald House Charities!
he got them there
Especially the ones where they all die. Those rule.
Need a hotel in Chicago Tonight? Crowne Plaza Metro only $109 Call 877-551-6633 to book.
This #BehindtheMusic for Biggie bouta be on point
Hoes talk shit to the lips lock jaw chrome to ya dome til ya lip lock jaws
"go deep or go home" hahaha
My eyes have been watering for 2 hours now
I thought about how mothers feed their babies with tiny little spoons and forks so I wondered what do Chinese mothers use? Toothpicks?
I'll get it from her
Did we already lose all our guys? ESPN says so.....I never heard that and I write about UK.
you are so lucky you don't live here!
Look what You've done for me.
Yayyyyyy!!!!!! & the crowd goes wild!
Having finished paint roller work in the craft room, I'm leaving GIJ to do the finesse work on corners. Instead, I will unpack the kitchen.
#itshardwhen somebody shoots you
Okay okay... I'll trust this I guess RT : The Ravens are so damn smart.
way to be productive on a Sunday!!
Thanks for posting this.
Calling all sportsmen! Check out ISE on the news for
can you just tweet when you send out the confirmation codes if you haven't already so we know if we arent able to go?? Thanks!
Signing up for twitter and CD Baby...editing web sites.
Just made my new twitter layout. I have lots of custom layouts for sale. message me if interested, paypal only. Tell your friends!
Being single is a good feeling, no drama or heartaches. On the other hand, it gets lonely and you miss that feeling of being taken.
Getting ready to go be a Rockstar of Science at #nsta thinking of inspirational things to say about being a scientist. Help?
- Idea for album - Keith Olbermann's greatest rants =Platinum
This is not the way I wanted to end my Tuesday evening. Dreaming of a better tomorrow...
follow back blood
"The Freak" set tomorrow at practice. This is gonna hurt...baaadd.
Wonderful to finally meet you! I will see you again in July.
Hitler just wanted a Klondike bar
Honestly, what are so many people doing flying to Phoenix?
Retweet to get a #Redskins following!
It’s a truly awesome program! We started out small and it’s grown into the highlight of our summer programming. Good luck!
feeling your program homie! need to cop me some IZRI
TRAFFIC CLEARED : Jack Knifed semi - SB I39 near Stoughton Exit
2hrs of sleep yes! I love when when..img tired woohoo -_-
I will I promise. good night
Coming up on 30 years of marriage and Bill still sings Barry White's "Never Ever Gonna Give You Up" to me in the car. LOL
sadly we had to drive back last night. Hope you have a productive day at #ira12 without us
my bracket is at 100% thanks to Marquette
Today, I found out my white American History teacher also plays streetball at Rucker Park. MLINY
"The difference between an ordinary business and an EXTRAordinary business is implementation." Bill Glazer
thanks to everyone who ordered last week for our 100% donation week!
All I want is a gummy bear that's the size of a grizzly.
will you be making a video and singing with your guitar?
S/o to my man for bringing me that yingleng last night.
I hate when people I care about lie to me. It's like driving a stake through my heart though! Lol
This game is painful to watch.
“Eighty percent of success is showing up.” Woody Allen.
I gave your ass the idea so #win for me.
-heyy. FOLLOW BACK? :D
Looking for African American male for "let's stay together". 21-35 years old. Ballet, classically trained preferred. Contact me. Thanks! :)
But if you can bring these people down with comedy, they stand no chance
Alright... ready to get into the whole twitter thing :)
C DeLucia mentions a book titled "Decolonizing Methodologies," says the best work on this stuff comes from Maori context
Reza a major NY institution would like to get an illustrator of the Rostam comic books to tlk to teens. Who do I call?
Holiday goods on sale 30-40% off at the Menil Collection Bookstore while supplies last. It's a beautiful day to come and browse art books.
Fuck.......I can't believe we are waiting for San Diego now I hate both teams a lot!!!!
after years of resisting, i have succumbed.
also why are you awake??? lol
Have a great new year girlie;)
love you sister
I have to get my own car no matter what it takes
Smart woman! I hope it has "include the kids when you go..." LOL.
IT WAS SO AMAZING. MY NEW FAV SONG<3
Now doing my librarian duties :)
Centralizing TV and Web production key to minimizing issues on all screens ~Extreme Reach
<3 all this "hate" on She was saying what WE'RE ALL THINKING. L.Lo needs to get it all in check and pay the dues. How is that mean?
Can it get much higher?
Naw, I'm at Home
video diaries > air
bro you get your equipment set up or still working on that.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HUNNY!!! :)
Today's going to be a rough day, I know that already:/
Now I am really excited!
The 5hundy pub crawl! #sacpubcrawl “: What would you like to see at BARWEST on St. Patrick’s Day this year?”
“: true word bro” thank u sir!
When you come to school just for Henandez's essay and you get stuck with some travel agent talking about fairy rocks......
finally i make a twitter :)
yeah, you still like Christian ? (::::
tinyurl.com/3apyzvp Lib Journal blog on gaming in libraries.
Sex aint beta then LOVE
Hope you enjoyed your visit tonight!
she getting in trouble for leavin her pants in the living room. This is what happens when you try to live by
RT House decision to eliminate #ACS will have profound effects on local data for West Virginia. Lack of data breeds ignorance.
I wish I has the guts to go up and talk to you.
DeVante Designz Secures another 2 years of marketing for Bellagio Casino/Resort in Las Vegas, NV
'Free verse is, of course, not free.' (Mary Oliver)
& looked super cute tonight at the Band/Guard banquet!!
- thank you for being a class act, good sportsman, a leader, role model, and for being humble!
you seem cool;)
aww bo! what a bummer! .... but at least it'll be good enterainment!
It seems like would be up for something like this. Or Murfie.
how r u?
Yup. Quite a few questions and the Dodger Express did not exist for the purpose of survey. Big oversight.
“ Bacon is bacon eggs r eggs.Dont let a guy get between ur legs.He says yur cute,he says your fine.Nine months later, he says its not mine.”
Helping fill the needs of people who want or need to learn English or Spanish in Las Vegas and beyond - especially in the workplace...
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with the important matters
uh oh lol, hopefully she collects it at the end of the class so maybe you can do more of it
Poor Mikey and the boys I was also. Cheering but was being drowned out :(
Thank you so much for the kind words! MB
I wouldn't mind if my #zumba class was canceled.
Vegan Night! Vegan slices 5pm-close.
I wish i was the letter P:(.
RT : Great news
Are you being prison gay?
Oh wait Nvrmind it's done in 4th period right?
Single means not having no emotional ties to someone else !! You are not single if someone has a lean on your heart !!
Facts are stubborn things. Unclear how this is "cheerlead"-ing....
500 submissions in the first 5 hours for my non-union short! Next time I'll hire a Casting Director
#EverydayIThinkAbout Texting The Ones I Love "GoodMorning!"<U+263A>
I'm so full think Imma take a long nap this time xD
I can't see the video either.
Dear bed, I'm Really sorry I left you, I don't know what I was thinking, Please take me back!
Hmm.... Wrestling tournament. Off to show 2 houses. Writing an offer. Then NFC game.
Thanks to everyone who me! I'll make sure to get on here more often (and make the other guys get on here, too!) <3 you all! -Chris
GETTING READY FOR THE TEXAS CLASS. CHECK US OUT @ WWW.POLICEMOUNTAINBIKETRAINING.COM
RT : I'm thinking Kermit at the Bullet - who's with me?
#CoolStoryBro now go jump off a cliff and die.
sho did call me
#AGuyShould Bring his girl flowers <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA>
Hold up. Imma go fuck my fridge.
In honor of St.Patty's day we are offering our Reuben and fries for $9.99 (normally $12)!!! Come in and grab a coke and crown for $5!
Are all IRC for anon shut down?
Pretty words from friends :)
thanks for the birthday wishes. Now I am old like you.
They love them some NICKI (;
COCO XO IS GETTING READY TO GO HARD !!! SAN ANTONIOS NEW FRIDAY NIGHT HOT SPOT !!! 210-789-9079 FOR INFO OR VIP
I'm in for drinks after. Dos Toros for a quick bite before?
you don't "receive" respect from others. You teach others to respect you by the way you respect yourself.
To live is a blessing, to love is a dream <3
I feel like I watch just in case he makes a surprise cameo
Look at my boo Jeremy pretty much dying for everyone else on TVD. Love him.
do u know yet if u are able to make it tomorrow?
Very bold statement.
ceviche & tapas of course, plus some personalized fruity mojitos courtesy of Patrick :)
Like I said to you not 20 minutes ago, she's a keeper. See you at frunch.
I like the Indy Runners Club at Butler for half marathon training.
unfortunately they are both not very good
#Whenitwascooltoo have an imaginary friend
I emailed and tweeted. We'll see what happens.
Wats invisible but smells like carrots ??????
#NFL Draft Eve is one of my favorite days. Analysts panicking and changing all their mock drafts off of rumors. Kinda tempted to start one.
I do like Nirvana. The music reminds me of my older brothr because he gave me 'In Utero' when I was younger.
Whats good bro!?
For iOS dev, I've used both an iPhone and an iPod Touch. #kiddori works great on both. Future will bring it to iPad. :-)
So was that okay with everyone?
Who's hating on Austin???
thanks so much! :) share us with your friends! where are you from?
Nicki Minaj is the perfect example of theatrics covering up a lack of talent , notice how #Adele just stood there and sang
real world needs to include legal issues ex. social media users being fired for tweeting from the field
couple days late in responding. It was absolutely brutal. Did you see the Liverpool game yesterday? Unreal.
Is it weird that no Gus Johnson = no buzzer beaters this year?
Head to tomorrow night to kick off the Gold Rush Pub Crawl! 9 beers, 9 bars, 10 bucks! www.oldsacramentobars.com
Belated thanks for the RTs and mentions this week!
#ConfessionsAboutRelationships takes two that have the goals and them goals should be showing diff ways of showing they love each other.
you think all those roads you drive on, food you can safely eat, medication you can safely take are free. Government is working...
Whenever I need a favor mfz never there unless im buyin a bottle n payin they gas tho.....thats why ion fuck wit u mfz
Welcome to the show, Bryan Bennett. No one wanted to see Darron Thomas go down, but they shot this kid out of a cannon
My entire head got sunburned in February.
Sour Shane is holding his own but Alvarez is gonna put him out soon.
Good morning to u all may this day continue to be a gift of jesus amen..
the convenience of humanity / a lifeless body of thoughts remain on this ground tonight
deuces 11 awesome year...coolest job, married, conference champions, marathon PR 2:48, portugal...but 2012 will be even better...stay tuned!
you did amazing!
We are all Writing the #book of our lives! What's n ur #story? :)
This girl is a bitch.
Meaning say what your petition is about and I will RT it. So everyone will sign. We r making jailtime for bullies.
Anyone in Oakland that can pick me up from downtown please???? Working late may miss last bus.
That's the way to be on Mom's Day!
Put a cranky little girl to bed to the sounds of Norah Jones's Come Away with Me. There was no ill this album couldn't cure in 2003.
This weather is ahhhmazing.
Lmfao I still hate you for tht
The Frantic and Drive A in Dayton, Ohio tonight at the Attic Club. 9:00!
So jealous!
So true! You can almost hear them saying "Never mind..."
get at them tell em who's boss
Guy shit his pants LITTERALLY on our flight. Soaked through his pants!
Today is #ThrowbackThursday ...let us know your favorite oldies!
Help stop child abuse. Volunteer at a local child abuse prevention center.
Tell George way to go! We pay all our attn to Afghanistan/Iraq and ignore the problems in Sudan.
I just hope one day you see me, and your heart stops, and realize what you could've had this whole time.
76° outside n loving it!
Willie is wearing #morningjoe shirt. I wondered why #morningjoe was wearing a new shirt.
you are cool....
I was 13 when this joint came out.
he's getting old! Thunders young and it's just the beginning!
Oh my god i freakin' love florida
Ya loop it, ya swoop it, & ya pull <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F>
Editing night. We'll have a brand new trolley show for you this Tuesday.
Lets run away and don't ever look back. don't ever look back
how's $20 off the month of your birthday? :) hope you had a happy birthday!
love it
it should go on that weird habits show...hair sniffing.
Agree with Nelson 100%
doesn't sound like a bad idea...may make some improvements in the world. :)
Nice Win
I'm in Kensington. You name the time/place + I'll accommodate.
Hell yes... totally dig. Blissing out now. Thanks for the introduction.
lunch soon for marissa's 1st communion w/ my faves :)
Haven't tried the poolside lassi gig yet. Will have to see if I can a mtg moved poolside. Thanks for the tip!
I always perform terribly in classes that have nothing to do with what I want to do... but if it's along the lines of my career I do great.
Once heard an officer dispatched for an angry 911 caller. Caller couldn't remember the words to "Boot Scootin' Boogie"
Design games for loss of control and subversion. Let kids hack their way through and manipulate the environment/rules.
no outage on our end; if you are seeing issues with your site use the support system and we can look into it.
I always dreamed of being that cool kid even if it meant actin stupid.
In Europe it's still pretty cold right now...
Last chance to try our Sloppy Joe special topped w/ spicy nacho cheese, bacon & jalapenos! Just $5 or +$2 to veganize!
I'm smart .
( cody I really like the music all day)
I would do this #NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead TT but a few of my male followers would give the same person
We Love Mama Grande ? :D
Pretty nice, that free stuff *** don't you love the word "free"?? Recommend it.
oh god I'm dying. Haha thanks!
Nope not asked either
Hey yall my lovelies go follow my sister she loves peeps and she's a author
Marla - yet again he tweeted coarse, gross, offensive, and nauseous
I know I'm late, but think like a man was a pretty good movie!
Sorry for all those extra tweets...twitter must have had a couple already for #CincodeMayo.....not sure why it sent one tweet 10 times
4 doubles and a home run in the 2nd for the
Wow. Matt Garza really, really can't throw the ball after fielding a bunt. Lucky he's got a tall 1B
Don't worry, now that I think about it I'm pretty sure it was in the archives class I took. Nothing to be alarmed about!
And, to piggy back on the last post: GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
How do you get paid off of it ? Is it per download or is it a free promo for you to get your name out?
RT The problem with cuddling in bed with your true love is that iPhones don't cuddle back.
I wanna party! And bullshit!
also, how bad is it that I read your reply and thought, "I could go for more." Second also, I made my own corn chips yesterday.
Simple stories with a 3-Act structure and clever dialog. The actors will do their part and the audience will enjoy. Do it.
pick me?
Hey library lovers! 2day GreatDane Pub & Brewing Co Fitchburg will donate a portion of their sales 2the Fitchburg Public Library! Eat there!
These guys: They will #retweet any #message you want. Follow them.When they #follow you, they retweet any DM u send em
What a difference a day makes, the dewpoint is within 4 degrees & rain. #WindshieldRepair is not recommended at this time.
Had an amazing time at the game tonight with and !
Group Reformer and BOSU coming up at 10! Happy Saturday from Romney!
Now that's a sweet deal!
"Never again can we afford to live with the narrow, provincial "outside agitator" idea." -MLK
What's happening? That's a great questions. 6 designs in the can, printed and waiting to be sold. Should be live next week! Stay tuned.
what is the difference between criminal theories and criminological theory?
caraschatz: love the new pic w/SLA Award! hope you & the rest of the "swish" had a blast thursday night! See you soon... ...
for something lighter, PRINCESS ELIZABETH'S SPY was good, young woman working as spy guarding princesses during WWII
Don't get your hopes up darlin'
Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet Gameplay Video Celebrates Launch The near 20 minute in-game trailer gives you plenty to look at and a nice
Super Bowl! Go Pack!
psst, hey Baltimore area restaurants and retailers - if you'd like to donate items/gift certs for our charity, send us a DM!
Give me some of that good love somebody rocking knockin the boots
At the #AHCJ conference in ATLANTA and the speaker in our session is talking about DINOSAUR BBQ in ROC and SYR! Funny!
So tony nolan just tweeted that over 2000 responded to the gospel at winterjam.i love it when the holy spirit moves!:D HE>i
#whenitwascoolto go on MySpace
it's not ugly HE IS UGLY! It's cool doe because others people ignorant comments don't get to me and I am not going to retaliate
Its a beautiful day throughout the great state of Georgia; from Lookout Mountain to Plains to Savannah's River Street.
Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume & job board, follow me also go to minorityjobs.net Julie Hunting-Tips.html
Hey there, (stephenarney), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
hey you retweet a lot
Sounds like you've been watching The Matrix a wee bit too much. :-D
Back at you!
First set done! Love Danielle everine!
Subscribe to the Museum's e-newsletter and learn what the excitement is all about.
its really hard to get noticed by 'big' people But lexxi is going for american idol she does town events now.
Oh good. More carpet shopping this week. I never knew carpet could stress me out like this.
follow me! (:
#moms Cerebral Palsy & #Bullying have made for an incredible collision of Purpose, Dreams #goals and Vision.
Dat's right!
holy crap I couldn't stop eating those damn cheese pop corn! Sorry and thanks!
Thanks to Amanda and Shawn, today we learned that at NSAI we meet in the middle.
come'n from a dude with a truck as a profile pic LoL
The Chicago Latino Film Festival () kicks off on Friday. Que bueno!
Grt advice MT : Tip for begin'ng writers: Read work out loud. Ear picks up stuff eyes don't & u will improve.
So thankful for and all that God did tonight in the hearts of young people.
Forget it... I'm going to sleep, bye.
Me and Doe go on at 845 tonight...16+ ...early show
are you working on a new movie ?
Rare chance to see Trinidadian novelist Earl Lovelace in US: East Coast Mar 12-25. New book IS JUST A MOVIE
maybe he forgot. Because he's stupid
thats okay. #CallMeMaybe you guys have swag!
Nice! I look forward to reading your article!
I wonder what some of yall would look like or be like if yall never smokedd..
little bastard! Tell it I said to come out by noon or else *_*
A new GYPSY film starring Barbra Streisand is moving forward. Julian Fellowes (Downtown Abbey, Gosford Park) is set to write the screenplay.
lololol is this the first time you're seeing these? Hahaha
my universities seems to think the same thing. I JUST GRADUATED, people! No job yet, no money yet
Dave Grohl will always be my first rock love! Sigh.
is looking for a Credit Analyst- GREAT COMPANY!! Pays 35K. Email your resume to **
Spending some time with the kids at the pool.
Come on I'll give you romance, come on I'll give you paradise. Make your dreams come true, you'll see fantasy, magic can happen to you.
I'm kinda over all these social networks.
i gotta track down the damn tattoo man first though smh
Today in America you have the freedom to pay your bills. You can't say much else about freedom in America today.
no REAL NIGGA wants his bitch/nigga on twitter half naked tweetin about sex 2a bunch of other niggas. Cuzz if I find out dat'll getcha <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
No, but the traffic all directs toward...not worth it. And what would I want to do at the UC now?
What a huge mistake with that attempted steal. Someone had a major leage brain fart! Now it cost them a run.
I do agree!
Blown face
I rather have an HONEST enemy than a FAKE friend... Reply with your comment or "like".
A trippy stick, 3 blunts, and a space cake and its just cloud 3.
well played. before a long weekend no less. That's veteran.
This Saturday from 2 PM - 4 PM donating calligraphy skills to Visiting Nurse Assoc in St. Louis for their fund-raiser at Ahner Nursery.
- I'm praying they lose because I am tired of hearing about Jesus.
awesome, and I'd have to say that Alternative, Ambient, Rock type music would be my personal favorite!
garbage can wars (and beats) in the commons.
Thanks for following us! Stay tuned for news and special offers just for our Twitter followers.
This the game from #Monta that have been waiting for. More please.
It would be good to do a global #OpenTech conference. Beyond Mobile: the Future Of Open Technology...or something like that
What a full day of recording!
Don't forget to follow for a very big announcement in the coming weeks!
Listening to Im into you by JLo,, ur so beautiful & pretty!!! I wish i culd grow up to b jst like u!! Te Amo :)
One last Treasure Coast sunrise before my Pittsburgh return...where snow is expected. Happy Earth Day?!
Yup and r u unfollowing me? I can't msg u.
": RT I love art please say it back."
that's probably it. No idea what's wrong with me.
#Jesus rules
About cost & funding of opendata; Public officials want outcomes & proof that it's worth $ Digi-planners accept the challenge
I'm glad you feel it's necessary to have your sprinklers going as it's pouring rain...
#HowToGetRejected Have No Money And No Life For A Girl
Isn't it interesting how the glorious banks and lobbies of yesterday are the drug and cheap shoe emporiums of today???
Cowboys... oK!
I'm not done with my full review man -- can't you wait! Haha. It's far and away the best Android phone on AT&T.
Today's after work mantra: bank, library, daughter, feed Connie's cat, son, home, dinner. Bed.
with wrs flying off board, and M Williams being courted. Are there any decent, und radar dl/olb that gb targets, swoops in on
has a Twitter account!? Please let me take this opp to tell you that "Context is all" is my favorite quote!
followed me without me even asking!! THANK YOU <333
Don't get mad at me, I told you it was a bad idea in the first place.
Why is it so hard to get tickets? I have been trying for 2 years! I even live in LA now :(
I WILL!!
I know I gotta good thing right here. Imma stick with you my Babe.
Add Value to Your Home - Remodel Today www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Portland's Remodel Experts
Loved Monday's episode.
Thank you!!! XO
Thankful and bless headed to get my........
Lords of Waterdeep is the fucking tits.
Y r u so good to me!
that was awesome!!! The role you play is one I'd die to portray! Amazing costumes a bonus!
lol really? Where do u live?
Happy MILF day!
I like it, but we'd have to add the phrases "point of order" and "call the question".
Good morning!!! Was an exciting afternoon in Downtown Miami, The race for the cure and the protestors!!!! Videos to be posted
Made danny a facebook!
Weather slowly improving as we head north on I-79 towards Washington, PA. Also, PHOTOS UPLOADED at ict2dc.com!
see if life is not just a little bit happier
Protesters have broken the NET PROTESTERS ARE STORMING THE STREETS IN NYC #OWS!!!! i'm afraid this is going to turn UGLY FAST
I am so happy that I am alive. I have a guy that I care about. I love you Patrick. #ItGetsBetter <3
So flippin stoked to get this acoustic EP out! Sounds so good.
that is tru but when they say rude enough stuff like that they should find a new croud to tweet with not us tru arianators
Something that warms my heart... Watching karma bitch slap those who try to bring me down. Awful maybe, but true.
fosho i will :p thanks ! :)
Downtown tonight? I just want to meet jersey shore
Are CA #chardonnay styles changing? I've actually tasted several recently that weren't oak-laden butterballs.
i'm hoping the bar was a "judgement free zone" . whatever. I don't care. ROCK CHALK BABY!
#UFinterface shall we try moving to #ufdhkeynote?
It's almost gametime!
yeah that too
jealous!@ RT : Tomorrow is the day!! Can't wait 2 head down to #Denver for a day escape from my life:)
I recently got a iPhone thanks to my mom, I did get tetherme but it doesn't work with a lot of my devices
Afternoon business meeting! Talking new ideas, get excited! :)
B.E.T awards Oct.1st atl
The perfect time to start something never arrives.
In the studio today recording a good ole drum cover of The Contortionist. Fun stuff.
- Wa Hoo! Congrats on the win!
Hello, Knoxville. We meet again.
Fiji water makes me even more thirsty
did you have another photo shoot?
Fine. What's my compensation gonna be?
Two year anniversary with <U+2764><U+2764>
Thanks for the follow! Glad you appreciated Spread Eagle, haha
Loved the episode--how'd the voting turn out? RT Hi Steve! :-) That time again! Ep#2 just out!
I should have gone to Vegas too! Aimee drink two for me!
When people say "No one made God. god just is," pisses me off. How is "God just is" an acceptable answer when "Life just is" isn't?
hm its not letting me send bbms to u :(
One year ago today, the Wisconsin 14 left for Illinois. Lena C. Taylor wrote "brb" on her Facebook page.
Love the story of Romeo and Juliet but i do wish someone would create an alternate story in which they live bc this is depressing!
White girl's can't live without them <3
Almost got in a wreck on my birthday... Cool. #oldpeopleshouldnotdrive <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
you should moon again!!!
P.S. Game is tied. 41-41.
<U+2640>Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life<U+2640>
so ready for school.<3 I decided i'm gunna make the right decision.. (:
Just learned that my childhood field trips in Texas were so much better than true childhood field trips in WA.
you're such an awesome advocate for #LGBT rights-thank you. What's your inspiration?
Success everyone can't make that ride with you but if you can meet me half way I GOT YOU
My insta is acting up ughh :(!
I'm just glad there's a bed available on Sunday night. Holy busy week, batman.
..aweing, very kind, yes? A beacon of light is never an easy task, and most do not wish to bother, sad really..the fortidude, inlightenment
I find it's always important to blend pragmatic learning with more theoretical learning, when the 2 meet awesome stuff tends to happen
tax n right
wow! thank you! you made our day!
HAHAHA you're crazy!
Troy Murphy is on the #Lakers?
OMG JUSTINS VIDEO! THAT JUST FREAKING KILLED THE HELL OUT OF ME I AM SO DEAD IM TWEETING FROM MY GRAVE. OMG THOSE BETTER BE FUL SIZE POSTERS
Ar work: Big junkie day - almost forgot Chris Lee! Plus Oscar Docs kicks off with Restrepo - Junger & Hetherington - Inside Job tomorrow
Yes, photogs are mostly the ones up at midnight. (monitor brightness keeps your brain from shutting down!) Say "hi" to Jess!
are you aware that iTunes/iMatch/iCloud is so invasive it removes files that you pd for in iTunes
I don't believe shit that anybody says.
Thanks to my family & friends that attended the awards...enjoyed the time with my best friend in the whole world! Blessed day!!!!
I told you... He is the truth
happy birthday again :)
#layoff news- #Washington: Effective 7/3/11 the maximum weekly UI benefit is $583. The minimum weekly UI benefit is $138.
I was afraid it would so I never watched it! I've just been waiting anxiously for Dance Moms to finally come back on
One of the big jokes at this year's Black Hat cybersecurity conference in Las Vegas is that there is no such thing as cybersecurity.
RT Matt Cooke strikes again and is ejected for a blantant headshot. How many games should he be suspended for?
Text marketing is really hot in the real estate market. Are you a Realtor? Have you started using text marketing for your properties?
One word: YES! : i've never seen THE WIRE. netflix has all five seasons. should i go down that rabbit hole?!
Yes, because he has other attributes in addition to his speed. This is a speed list, nothing more.
Test tweet from cell
yeh I wonder if he likes me find out (: lol
GO TO AND GET THAT NEW NOOOWWWIISSHH!!!
are you?!
ah shoot, is that even a question?? WordPress ALL THE WAY!!!
Now Mike Wallace can question God's integrity. Wallace was selective who he was tough with. Total partisan. Not a fan.
Trying to carve out time in my day for thoughtful analysis ... so hard when you are an #armyofone in
word to motha
we stand with LeVar Burton!
Keep on keeping on. Produce as much work as you can, and keep up this great energy....;}
Follow she's amazing and follows back!14
Too little, too late
Aha so now that you don't got yur girl yu try & come back with me ? I don't think so .
Very nice. Sounds like you're right on schedule.
Green Living is not just about the environment, it's also about personal health. Green means People, Pet & Planet safe!
I must say some of these avi's on my TL ratchet as hell...
i would like to be the xylophone player for Gotye
- THE FIRST Book about this historic US Army Post - home of military aviation's first flight, the National Weather Service
I was Aite lol, when the next one?
I need a US return form, could you email me one? Thanks!!!!
Perfect decor for the new baby's room!
I'm doing just fine.
That was supposed to be "Understand"
We have DJ E Square tonight at 7 pm......it's a Mature and Sexy Watertfront Party!,,,,,drink specials all night!!!!
dibs on their beer!
or a best friend like me who will give you one when I return! <3
dana white
#Caps Semin's agent Mark Gandler says Semin is looking for a multi-year deal, not a one-year deal and won't go to the KHL
She IS a beauty ;)
Peyton Manning is dirty son...
Fmr. MN Governor Arne Carlson joins and Tim McNiff on Sunrise to discuss his independent budget commission. Check it out!
Back in Los Angeles, city of angels!
Walking into town tomorrow from school. Dunno who with though... Hm
is on twitter too...
Blue Ivy is already wearing a weave... #aww!
You can't beg people to like your music. It is what it is.
Good to be back in the PHL
ugh. Why they no show the Preds game on TV? seriously? :(
: RT I'm melting.
#Ebony - Tough Love!!! Xoxo
Yo! What are your plans Mifflin weekend?!
Yeah, today's tweet might suck, but I'm absolutely killing with my newest AOL away message.
have truer words ever been spoken? RT : Thinking about doing something doesn't get it done.
Does anyone have stink bugs? and how do u trap them ?
Sleepy time!
Uncle D Fred
“The more difficulties one has to encounter, within & without, the more significant and the higher in inspiration his life will be.” –...
Cheers to you, Ryan.
was #momo a puddle?.
I wanna rock n roll all night & party everyday
Its Hard to maintain a Tumblr....Hymp Tumblr my Butt Cheeks....
#3wordforyou nice and tipsy
so excited to hang out with and tonight! it has been WAY too long!
that blood spatter towel is jinky. kinda like putting on a shirt with bullet holes. lol
More Happy
I read taro like a god!
this nigga really has problems low key. Its crazy how much he hides it!
Thanks to everyone for the bday love! Grateful for all of you in my life. Nuthins changed, we are the future! Love you all. Lets take over!
Thursdays: Our donuts are available @ Wheatsville & Monkey Nest Coffee
omg I'm crying!!!
In n out burger by my apt has a 45 min wait for the drive thru and 3 cops directing traffic.
SO much better (darn right fun!) than I thought it would be! For JB, anything!XO
i hate puzzles, they confuse me too much
I should of worked out with oomfs this morning..
An asian version of "where's waldo" would just be a lost cause
:o you're worse than me! -.-
Q2. I love setting my own hours and meeting new people through my biz
fishers eifs contractors, fishers eifs repair, fishers stucco contractors, fishers eifs contractors fisher indiana stucco restoration
Need help with the cost of your prescriptions. check us out... www.rx2you.com
What ever happened to getting "back to the basics" of your #smallbiz? Reignite the flame that got the fire started in the first place.
I'm a great match maker!
So I having a really good day at wrk! #Unusual/NeverHappens
Independent Video Channel..IVCTV.NET..We do music videos..not news and gossip but new & independent artist videos!
we hope you enjoyed your meal this afternoon! You'll have to come in again sometime soon to try our daily specials.
Haaha! What's the occasion again? Oh! Being single & awesome. Duh.
Need to get that A aha
"Each morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most."
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions Id give mostly all of it to help cure cancer
im here for you no matter what!
i am bout it doe op
Favorite new word/typo: Wagner's anti-Semantic operas.
Signage at Boston's South Station makes Penn Station look like a model of clarity. I'm in some hellish underground netherworld.
Mwahaha has been invited to play SXSW.... thank you SXSW, we are very excited.... see you there.
Just had a grad student stop by and speak intelligently and helpfully about my project based on my #USIH post. It was awesome!
Ryan Blair's new book is a must have!! "Nothing to lose, Everything to gain"! Go buy it!
this weekend involved bowling, cooking, hiking, horse racing, and lots of video games. ahhhg american life outside the grind!
that's the pre-existing confition that causes jazz hands, right?
Fasho bro lets get it
and are
OMG RT : Spending the balance of the evening translating bananagrams into Ukrainian. Peace Corps life is pretty awesome sometimes.
or not... Lol
Portland is going going crazy at this Schoolboy Q show tho....
Don't be so sure we disagree on everything. I'm in favor of nuking Iran and the death penalty and keeping Gitmo open.
SOMETHING FOREIGN TO ME? GIVING UP
I hope so!
Great night at Beso with :)
Crime after Crime extremely moving, inspiring and a story of hope.
Congrats to #Kogod Undergraduate Professor of the Year, Casey Evans and Graduate Professor of the Year, Michel Robe!
Nneena Freelon and TS Monk are discussing the importance role jazz can plan in our communities & schools tonight at Reston Community Center.
Dont mind me ill just sit here and eat my boring granola bar.
I'm going to punch you next time I see you..
let's do something this weekend ?
will do! I'll have to find my straw hat!
Welcome my dear! Happy to know you're on!
haha, Trust me you'll love One Tree Hill, the show got picked up for another yr, it's going on strong on it's 9th season!
snap back with my city on it text back with your titties on it. When stupid songs get stuck in your head
we should have joined him on his quest!
You can take Joe out of the Osprey office, but you can't take the Osprey office out of Joe! Such dedication to the blog cause!
So we finally made it to 130 likes! Lets try to double that in two weeks. Ready GO!
Sounds like your next CD Album cover
God damn it! Why would USPS have a food drive and not tell people until the night before? Failure.
March 22-25 we'll be at the Society for Photographic Education #SPE 49th National Conference. See you there!
it's always a beautiful day to beat the land thieves.
Best DC cupcakes: Baked & Wired. Hands Down.
Have you included Gen Y in your strategic planning process? Why not? Could be smartest thing you do in 2012.
Oh, yes: important clarification from : on April 20-21, 2012 to be held at
I wish Facebook and Pinterest supported animated GIFs. Get over yourselves.
I would love to, once I save up a bit. :)
Me with teal hair?
LET'S GO FLYERS PUT THE FIRE OUT IN HELL
Amy ~ FUN is an understatement ;)
Time to find out the new NFL schedule this season on ESPN! GO JAGUARS!!! I hear we're getting a Thursday night game...
Manning picks broncos!!!
The Silk Tie likes Evan! Cant be described in a nutshell with out the word tie, thesilktie.com
sjdhbdciwkdkpfkeksmjdkskdj you're doing a collab? :'')
WARNING...WARNING: This sermon today...I'm already shouting!! I love God's Word! Don't miss it! Bright Star Church 735 East 44th St. at 11AM
But no excuses. We are going to make it work!
whenever I try cleaning my room I either end up making a bigger mess, or playing with the stuff I thought I lost.
Exclusive ticket giveaways! Inside scoop in concerts & events! Join the NM text club- text NM to 21947.
dont let the dissapointment be the excuse to fail.
I'd like to #WinAMini because my baby LOVES splish splash splosh so much that I need to capture her underwater adventures :)
I think I'm gonna like it...the tough ones are always the best. I liked a lot A thousand splendid suns and by moments it...
LOL, it's a fake feed. While I dig the real Babs, the fake one is much more amusing. :)
Moms get a free cup of coffee at our Krispy Kreme this Sunday! RT us if you're a mom!
Celebrity Apprentice Time! Meatloaf, 'Lil John, John Rich, Marlee Matlin! Let's bet Marlee wins!!!
Who's watching Game 7??? Insane game right now. Lundquist is playing great!
#drinkingsig is where you'll find your kindred boozebrarians at
you read wrong!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
"No patience can contain this - All human joy is precious - And I, of all, should know this." ::wye oak::holy holy::
Penis galore at philharmagic
Thanks for a wonderful screening in #Evanston #Illinois w/ Neighbors for #Peace on Saturday! Great discussion w/ Len Goodman, Joe Margulies!
That was supposed to be a bump for collaboration but I remembered how annoying Paul McCartney's post Beatles music is.
just realized I might be in Toronto that weekend faaaaack
This is me. RT : "Sacrificers" like to overwork but don't feel appreciated. Show them some love to keep positivity up.
In a separate court case, Wisconsin's Voter ID bill is found unconstitutional...AGAIN!
I think if I go to NYC next weekend for my bday should throw me a bday party or at least give me a LOGO mug as a present
explain that to me then.....
6 THINGS I SAY IN SCHOOL: 1. I'm tired. 2. I'm cold. 3. I don't get it. 4. I'm hungry. 5. What time is it? 6. I'm ready to go home!
Happy late birthday!!!.. Followed<3
By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you deleted and blocked. You may now kiss my ass.
not really in the mood for steak today
LOL. Very bad.
“: I miss ugh school almost over and I can't wait to see u and face” aw
“: Change is inevitable and a person’s ability to adapt to change determines their level of success. –Joyce”
Latrine & handwashing prog entrepreneurial: Villager builds, pays small commission to sales person, users stay healthy.
Hey, , , and -- please go have a weekend now.
spoke too soon
Church is your chance to breed a soul-download- InSpotter mobile app
I live a despondent and soul-crushing life and my passing will be mourned by noone.
When I do something in my family because I really enjoy it, then my duty has become my pleasure.
it's gonna happen. I'll let you know when to come and get it!
How was I never following ?!
A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
I just got diagnosed myself! I'm still waiting on insurance to approve my medication and in the mean time it sucks! I feel ya!
I actually laughed out loud at this. RT Nyjer Morgan is obviously just testing out his new persona: Tony Helen Keller
16px Georgia font and responsive... LOVE it! Oh, and I guess the rest of the design and "generate-box" are nice too. :)
Come down to The Ice House in Pasadena next Sunday to have some laughs, drinks and network!! Let me know if you need comps!!
now I am even more jealous! ;)
You are too sweet!! :-) YES! You need to swing by the office for lunch in Dec! WAY TOO LONG! xo
another hot jetdoll.
If I had a gun, I'd shoot all the fake girls at my school. You know who you are.
Why is still at work? Yikes! I hope you're off tomorrow regardless of the most trusted name!! : )
All James Bond movies are less interesting now that we have the Internet.
I guess that means we are done
MUTHAPHUKKKKKIN STAN PERRY!!!!
remind me not to trick or treat there-i want candy not bones :D
not cool. eBay Sellers have too few rights already
Monte Carlo is a really good movie
DM We have a solution in development any school district should be able to afford. Is there a way we can talk?
Your the dumb one, we're sitting here laughing at yo bum a**!!
Stomach talking to me and I didn't think I was hungry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> think im finna go to the other <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0> and cook
Very successful first night in the studio!
Me and should work out soon:o
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
couldn't agree more.
However girls still look better than guys.
Sons of Anarchy is on! Shhhhhuuushhhhh!
Big Alex shouldnt have canceled.....
I think I may be free Tuesday!! I will text you & we will plan something :) :) :) so excited!!!
What 2 shows do you have in the festival? I want to try to see them and interview if we get a chance
"play it loud, they get use to it" my pops advice for new parents
How did your Giving Gene get activated? found her moment when she became caregiver to her cancer stricken mother
Good morning Pets for Vets DC followers. If you're in the DMV, we're expecting a wintery-mix. Finally some winter! Drive safe today.
. UpstairsSEA is now open, Tue-Sun, 5pm-2am! Craft cocktails & good times! Follow & RT to win $50 gift card. Winner picked Fri.
Martina McBride on the #stagecoach heat: I've got a feeling I'm going to look like Alice Cooper before the night is through.
for real
you'll do fine! vegas is so worth it!
Great to hear! I bet you can't wait to finish it all to move on to being a prof.
Oh and we're here to see graduation:)
A3: i use powerpoint because that's the program i know the best.
Thanks i do need more followers
now let's do a better job educating our kids before prison
I know this is NONE of my business. but did bella and her bf garret breakup? im just wondering cuz its starting to rumor over gossip sites
It wasn't bad, I liked it, but it doesn't compare to the original! You should give it a chance.
Are You An Independent Artist?? Check Out MusicalStop.com !!!!! and make your next project a monumental SUCCESS!!!!!
Good! Growing, releasing more games. For Android. Heh.
Hey mama I need your assistance in something! Super random lol Ill DM you
Subway for Lunch <3
We stuck to questions the community indicated they wanted to know more about so we didn't get to it unfortunately.
Coffee and donuts --> cocktail reception
Freestyle alive & well thanks to #PopNlockBeatMix going down now till 8pm! #Booty #Throwbacks #FreestyleFlava! PUROSanAntonio
day drinking is so much fun with u but 4Loco makes it so much better!
Happy Birthday Steve Jobs
yea she is maintaining and thats a great thing. I heard you were ill. How are you doing.
I'm from Baltimore originally, but I also have an internship for the summer :)
I just saw it !!!! I never get this way over him !!! But I yelled out OMGCF !!!!
This guy
Getting ready to post some more tour photos. Stay tuned!
"Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets." More Swanson wisdom is born.
what happen?!?
Dear NBC's Parenthood, viewers do NOT want to see grandparents fking. It's just ick. The rest of the show good good...
#Magnesium keeps arteries flexible and helps for #heart health. Doctors recommend taking #vitamin B6 with magnesium for better absorption.
How did they go??
no why whats up?
You have a beautiul family!
Blue Nile tonight, going to see some friends tear shit up.
Live streaming for those eho have it updated for day 2 #phillyete. Refresh your browsers!
NOTHING is more awkward than when you are in an argument and IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ARGUMENT YOU realise that you are WRONG. O_o#
RT : #shehechat it's like we are singing Happy Birthday to you!
It's already time for bluebonnets? Or do I just need to get out more?
Is it hard work being so fabulous?
when someone tries to sing along with a song & doesn't know the words.
I know! I'm the best at those.
Great new website !
you always get home this late dont you? i get home around 4 from my bus (:
I'm in the shop tomorrow bro lol...
Our Pleasure, it's great to connect!
seriously get rid of Gasol, he's absolutely garbage...soft mushy garbage
well, there's no wifi in the impala. :)
A girl's laughter is much more cheerful than a boy's. But a boy's cry is much more meaningful than a girl's.
Being in the top 10 works wonders. Underdog or not, the rankings don't lie this late in the season.
That game exposed the weakness of the O and D lines and Ryan's inability to make plays out of the pocket.
TWITTER ACCOUNT Karen__Holmes IS NO LONGER ACTIVE------PLEASE JOIN ME AT NEW ACCOUNT Karen___Holmes (3 underscores) Thank U
Booze Camp is not a fan of champagne. And when I say "Booze Camp" I mean me.
#SAYSOMETHIN = AMAZING<3 AH I love you Austin Carter Malone!<3 <U+30C4>
Ok so Lindeman's-infused cheesecake is probably the best thing ever.
love today's post . you always keep us up on the latest trends. every girl has to check it out..
when you have to put lotion on every 2 minutes, you have a skin issue. See a freaking doctor and stop smelling up my office!!!!!!
You sound like Michael! He is anxious to start the third today.
Woot! Thanks for the #FF! I hope your followers find some great deals!
So D3 on Inferno just looks like a boring slog through trash and bosses, until they run into an Arcane enemy and everyone dies over and over
I don't even know anymore...
Incredibly candid exchange between extremely powerful people (Dimon/Bernanke) tiny.cc/b2tfz
I'm looking forward to seeing you on
Clippers won Niggas was Doubting Them LETS GO!!!!
Just when things were looking up you said it wasn't good enough, but still we're trying one more time.
"If someone told me I had a worm head I'd be like THANK YOU SO MUCH!" - #Waitwhat?
Good question! I don't know. I guess I'm point-centric.
Pisses me the hell off man.
Awww RT : Happy Mother Day to the hottest, most ambitious and hard-working Moms on the West Coast!!! and
Thanks for RTs and follows.
Getting hit in the stomach breaking up fights lol BRIANNA
IS the small business financing you're looking for debt financing (money you borrow to run your business) or equity financing.
Us East river kids have fun too!
if the bourbon starts flowing the night is going to get weird.
F7 ends the inning.
To do is to be [Descartes]. To be is to do [Voltaire]. Do be do be do [Frank Sinatra].
Many who plan to seek God at the eleventh hour die at 10:30." - Unknown
I don't know... Bc I think they were all too little- should of asked j Lawler for his opinion
thats right Never say Never(:
looking forward to seeing escape routes tonight in the atl. Mural challenge. Team black. It's a wrap.
We have 5 large and 2 medium t-shirts left. DM if you want one. $15/ea CD's are $5 but we only have 5 left.
Hi -- we are following you!
Haha... I'm trying to keep learning from the best over there. ;-)
I'm in agreement with the lack of quality. I also know the laziness with which these events get organized.
so what's up mahomies? :)
No plans for #StPatricksDay? Join the party for live music, authentic Irish food and drinks!
Justin would be great if I follow
I always get nervous when the account calls.
aye hit me up
I think you had a bad day
lol yes it is and I miss you too. How's Colorado?
Odd, this new Sleigh Bells record doesn't sound unlike KMFDM...
Remember that time you had 34 followers?
I honestly have no idea what is going on....
I'd be jelly if I was 12 and waiting to hit puberty son
Oh you treat me like crap for no reason, and expect me to act as if I have no feelings and be nice to you? No, that's not how it works.
All night in the studio now coffee is my only salvation this morning...Just keep telling myself...almost done.
is shouting out all te alcohalics! Linx encourages everyone to drink responsibly.
s/o to my sista eveybody go follow her like now (:
Good luck on your exams today, morning students!
my class needs to be quieter they are seriously pissing me off.
Wonder why companies send out spam emails during Thanksgiving weekend. Don't they realize that I, live everyone else in the world, will ju…
YES!!!! Trent Reznor won the Oscar. That is why he is pure genius in his own right.
you were never broken :)
S/O to President Obama down here holdin up traffic!
pick anywhere :p
dear twitter quit gettin me in trouble in class...... dont send 20 tweets at a time wait until i get the first 10... sincerley, girl in DT
Third-world kids are bad at sports trivia. Donated shirts lead them to think the Yankees are playing the Phillies in the World Series.
Gotta love Primanti Bros - a Pgh staple. Best when followed by Dave & Andy's.
Just a quick note. Just because you start printing t-shirts that doesn't qualify you as a "new brand". You're still just a screen printer.
; alright im out finally lol.
dude....are you going to San Diego or what?????????
Follow us on instagram! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Heyo! More people in analytics demo of the website than the 's.
Feel down the stairs. Awesome. Carpet burn. Sprained ankle. Bruised ego.
ur more than welcome
sounds good :)
LOVE WAS MADE FOR ME AND YOU!!!!!
You guys are going to be more than fine :) Hopefully you'll continue to keep your fans updated?
Damn I been busy ! But I'm back on this shit :)
Was greeted outside my home with a "good morning sexy" >.>. <.< ... O.o ME?!?!
i sent you another email girl ..did you get it ?(:
wheres my breakfast......
Best part about a CSA: Design constraints on dinner.
That sounds good! Where share we direct further chat to plan and confirm a date?
tonight was good
Honestly what kind of chance do you give Rusty to win in Milwaukee?
HI Lou! All is well. I'm working on a new project -webseries and website- so I'll be back with a vengeance when that's ready
HELLO TWITTER, IM ENJOYING THE REST OF MY NIGHT WITH MY LOVELY GIRLFRIEND,
I thought you were playing golf? Your schedule is busy busy
Who ever is saying rumors about me needs to cut the shit...
Sorry for the confusion - Venice in Italy is where my wife and I want to be from Mon 24th - Wed 26th (2 nights) :-)
AS HEARD ON ABCTV "Butler says it's (his hand) not going to break any f urther.. I'm playing!". #Warrior!!
You confuse me so much. #WhatToDo!?
Worst advice your Mom has ever given you...
Saint Francis Xavier~ Give me the children until they are seven and anyone may have them afterward.
what is that based on, a Rolling Stone Readers Poll?
Who Lies About Being Pregnant ? Thats so Over Rated && Just Simple Bruh Forreal
Would a 75% full hard disk cause server crashes? Mem & bandwidth usage looks fine. Our primary domain is eyesviewmedia.com.
My first time waxing today !!!! I was yelling and all the ladies at the salon were laughing !!!! Also got a hair cut !!! Looks pretty cool !
Tweets Tonight >>> Aha , Got Me Rolling !
I always end up djing high af smh not a good time
Sounds awesome! I need to stop by your shop again and stock up again, you guys have fantastic products, some of the best in Milw!
Universal is gonna get ya.
congrats! you go girl! i'm jealous! are you working out or on a special diet that allows you to indulge in holiday favorites?
Wow the ending to season 6 of skins was beautiful
..dont quit to give a hand, be the one to a one, feed a hungry, ease a pain, love a lonely heart. Oh!!! Thanks a million.
Successful March of Dimes commitee meeting this morning!! We are putting together some great auction items:)
I know this is a little "my diamond shoes are too tight", but there are TOO MANY MEN messaging me on OkCupid. I don't have time for this!
Snow is in the forecast! Stop in and see what we have in stock to make that a forecast for WINTER BIKING FUN! Hell yeeah!
lol why? The waiter avoided our table
i want this truck that's across the street.
Do you think Pinky every received brain while trying to take over the world?
old school marketing is the new craze in my biz... conversion is crushing online marketing by a landslide --> getting-off-your-butt works!
“: prove it or shut up!”
Rip steve jobs
That's pretty kewl cuz chad!
Dammit, #Avengers, now I want shawarma.
Been drinking water upon the gallons before we have this crazy bike cruise tonight
depending on who cooking or depending on who you fucking. I think chicken better tho
Just saw Demi Lovato's music video for GYHAB. Wow! I'm speechless! That girl was flawless, beautiful, and singing her heart out. Loved it <3
Yutt that's more like it
had a relaxing few hours at the pool!!! got alot on my mind, alot of decisions to make...
Hey new followers! Lets do an ice breaker, whats your favorite song?!
yes it is!
MT : "We don't want six tables. We want one table with many chairs at it." -DNC Mayor
sending it today by email!
Not impressed by Minaj ... it was supposed to be dark (I think?) but ended up being tacky dark. Not original.
Today is going to be special, I can feel it.
hosted a fab cover story party for Mayor on Thursday. I love how he always brings the focus back to Chi youth!
He told me! Hope they're enjoying the heat RT : My sister said she just ran into your dad at the La Quinta resort ha
yes ma'am
How awesome would it be if a cheese steak magically appeared every time you clicked "LIKE"?
7:41 left, #LBSU 53-54 UNM... Casper almost brought the entire house down with a deep 3 that rimmed out.
Sometimes it makes me wonder, where would I be..
did she really?
He works me hard in dreamland.
We need a beer.
Thanks for checking in! When you have a second, we'd love to hear how your visit was.
call me maybe<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Break To-Do Item #2: Prepare actions if negotiations don't result in middle ground! All issues don't cost LAUSD must give too!
you are a beast!!!
Check your flights first if you are flying into or out of Chicago tonight! Hundreds of flights cancelled at O'Hare, and 60 at Midway!
have a great day beautifuls<U+E328>
Hey NBC 5 reporter Anthony Ponce here - wanting your reaction to Telander's article for evening news. Please message me...
How do dogs love to walk when humans dread the thought
yes we open at 11. Am I actually going to meet the person who spawned you?
You're welcome and TGIF!
If you've had the chance to try our cupcakes, please give us a review on our FB page! #FOLLOWTHEBUGGY!
Coming up in about 10 min. a look at the proposed Lloyd Blocks apartment development during the 4pm news.
Celebrating National Charter Schools Week with other state support organizations in Washington, D.C.
dont give me that lady gaga poker face. face
Give "My Ohio" a listen. It's newly mixed and mastered - ready for release. Also, thank you to friend and collaborator, Matt Long, for...
Rep. McMorris Rodgers welcomes Grant PUD's , who is testifying on the Hydropower Regulatory Efficiency Act.
Finally got to experience the lobster roll that everyone has been talking about!
emily emily emily
Sometimes we have to go deep inside ourselves to solve our problems. - Patrick Star
Hi Bridget
Fresh cuts don't come for free. Sorry folks.
he's coming to tomorrow night -- 50 steps away from my library. I work that night, I'll have to pop in!
My watch is amazing -- I am amazed it still works.
#beaggressive #hustle At another wrestling tournament with Evan.
funniest misplaced condom moment yet :/
My mom just put on Boyfriend by Justin Beiber. And Kaitlyn is singing to it. Lord. Take me now!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
#nowplaying bar 9 strung out.. on my drive hm yup :p
Hahahaha! :) Not at all! That was really the only jawdropper for me....and it ain't happening.
Cutting BGs and sound effects on WW2 drama, "Saints and Soldiers: Airborne Creed." Working with a very talented sound team!
You all should come play Louisville and hang out.
Apologies, it was the $3.00 Standard Tournament happening tonight. The $15.00 draft is on Friday at 2:00pm! See you then!
AND i napped today. gahhh
It seems that Facebook PPC bids rise every month. Some keyword bids are more expensive than AdWords!
What are you reading? I usually just look at the pictures :)
I don't know. Think your boys are in big trouble. KG wants this one bad.
the clouds!! Haha, poundin' the pavement, searching for tutors! How's the weather in LA?
Having amazing time hanging working with Russian Artistic directors and Managers at Flash Point. Laughing, exchanging and learning.
Morning Norm!
It was put out by Winston cigarettes.
Kentucky Kingdom under new management
Birthday cake in a little <3
can't wait!!! are you going to do a mini market again???
Customer Feedback: wanted to let you know i got my sushi and i was very pleased, i will definitely be ordering again. and again. and again"
oh you're welcome. Can't wait to read it!
I been fuckin off too, I got fat bruh. When I get to bout 190 I'ma get ripped again
bwaaaaaahahahaaa!!!! #collapsed. It was very "Ashy" for lack of better words. Urs?
that's not true. I use it all the time! ;)
is wondering when the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals will rule on whether George Ryan should be free on bond during his appeal.
his name is Allen. Ya wanna know where I found him? Under a tooth.
Crazy night in the STL!
Where were you? Or did you whip up this seviche at home?
“: bitches aint shit .” and they ain't saying nothing!
This is me...
Woke up a smile on my face :-)
Had an...awkward phone conversation with lol
Excellent point that many institutions can't digitize for preservation- too expensive in process and storage.
Thanks Colleen. I blame daycare. Naturally, the kid is fine but his mother and I are both out for the count.
Ah Lady Ashley ... Hope All is Well with thee... I Bid You Ado! Enjoy The Remaining Light To This Glorious Day
tho julie walters kicked ass as usual. shes so adorable
I'm partial to Riordan's Tavern.
Patty Mills started and had 27 points. Tiago Splitter had 26 points off the bench. The Spurs, without the Big Three, beat the Suns 110-106.
Happy mothers day to the best mom and the 2 best grandmas in the world. Grandma Judy, I'll never forget you. I love you.
Just because I walk like Obi-Wan Kenobi You people talk but you dont even know me, but thats all right cuz i get down with GC
If you are slowly easing yourself back into reality...it's a scientific fact that pasta, pizza, wine and dining al fresco can help.
he's still in it. Without Oosthuizen's double eagle (first there since 1935), Phil would b just one back..might still pull it out.
#HolidayOpenHouse today until 6pm: Free mulled wine, Samples of Local Gourmet food, Wine Discounts, Gift Ideas & More. Cheers!
Word Nerd Fact: The opposite of (or antonym for) "noble" is not unnoble, or imnoble or disnoble, but, IGNOBLE.
Want proof that pitcher W-L record is bull spit? Yu Darvish tonight.
so where u from?
wish I could have seen that!
mom. She's helping me learn self control! Yay go mom
Looking for corporate sponsorship for 2010 Santa Monica Festival! Forward suggestions to
“: 5 extra points for helping the teacher carry doughnuts in #illtakeit.” you kiss ass lol
The Harbour looks extra fresh today...
hey yuhr ike so gourgeous and i would love if yue followed me back and how was it too meet justin bieber???? :)
Oh system updates, why must you take so damned long?
No one knows what it means, but it's provocative...
Spent a little too much time at target this morning... Off to la jolla farmers market to find ingredients for this weeks
So proud of you and happy for you, congrats and I love you!
Congratulations! You won the RT contest and $250 in free service from
at a boy
Very disturbed by a chain e-mail. So uneducated it's scary, it said something about how the sun moves around the earth...says the bible.
Done with heady glass tings. Now on to beer tings!
everyone thats following my follow my new account
Okay, so I can't have any choice in the matter, and MUST view things retweeted by people or by people rting stuff?
follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW ME
Technology lets the economy grow/ Bob Solow
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend!! :))
thanx for the shout out in #ff! Hope all is good!
I think I might appear in Ohio this summer... Surprise my gramma an what not ^_^
Good night all this day of work has come to an end.
McGraw-Hill Education is offering five of its ten Everyday Math Games Apps for FREE on February 7—9, 2012
Was she ugly?
Is that dude on the Mentalist tonight one of the banished dudes from the superman movie?
Receiving severals students coming from Argentina(my homeland)for intensive coaching and training.Nice to have them here.#The circle of Life
The road to success is always under construction.
lol. Is okay you're my dork :)
Eric took some cool vid's of some Flamenco dancers at work last night... Can u post them? I would luv to. Retweet it
You can go ahead and put me on the list of geeks who teared up watching the #HungerGames trailer.
Love is a better teacher than duty. - Albert Einstein
Looking forward to the INMA welcome reception kicking off in an hour.
I had an alarm set for the austream and everything, im not going to lie im upset.
Have a Good Night.....sleep with the angels and remember, I love you with every inch of me......
of COURSE auto correct doesn't work when actually needed #literacy #spellingBEEchampNot ;) what's the #vegan place? Hyc...
sounds wonderful!
At this rehearsal...This goes further than the music
happy ROCKTOBERFEST! who will we see at the Bluestone tonight?
Getting my wisdom teeth out next thursday....... COOL
Giddy Up
i love you.
My hair is really dark! I like it though. :)
You can always count on the pot smoking wackos in Oregon and Washington, almost forgot California. Not main stream out here.
For building muscles & bulk the rest time between sets should be longer. For more endurance & leaner muscles the rest time is shorter.
even better!
Thanks for the shout out !!!
Well, I suck.
I wasted My whole day on School & Track...
"With the past, I have nothing to do; nor with the future. I live now." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hope you guys are still awake and alert! May God refresh you until you can get some rest. God bless you guys! :)
Tommy. U at the game?
this sucks ='/
yeah can't wait for Ice cream
#NP John Legend Another Again **swaying**
i will be doing a show may 18th at the mad frog message me to get your tickets now
I always seem to underestimate the number of details involved in completing a project
Ohh there was a sweet yellow one that was recently donated. I think I'm gonna look for it. Oh & by the way, you're welcome! =P
If I had a dime for every time someone said, "I'm not a people person"... If you want people skills, then be a PERSON!"
Your The Only One That Make My Fairy Tall Come True !
S/o to She's so beautiful & amazingg [;
it is under construction right now... www.marshalltitusonline.com
Choose between a politician or an artist?! No question, Gosling!
RT Weston's Marcus McCauley struck out 6 in a no-hitter vs. North Crawford last night as Silver Eagles claimed a 2-1 win.
Exodus 20:12 Honor your father and your mother, so that you may live long in the land the LORD your God is giving you
+1 from me! : A special shoutout to that curly haired girl at , aka , for the coolio party at tonight!
Morning/afternoon Hon and how are you????
Happy#FF lads!
Why is it that I've never once read a tweet by ? Ahem...
Been wanting to go to Farm Basket for a long time. Might make it happen manana.
The shout out of the day goes to !! Please follower her, true #arianator ^_^
TDKR > The Avengers
Done and done. Changing the world one iPhone at a time!
we wish you were here in Baltimore as well. Shall we send the BmoreJS G6 to come pick you up?
I miss when Austin did Ustreams. That was the only thing that would get me through the day. I would look forward to it all day at school.
Heading to the U with #GoGophers!
Thursday night time to quench that thirst. #yes to the weekend!
lmfao that's great that's great omg i love itt hahaha! and what did mr. bonehead corey do!
RT : STICKER LAB SNEAK PEEK! Want your brand humanized? Use robots. Behold Project Bionic and 250 digital die-cut......
Big welcome to our President ! Thanks for the follow! :)
RT : It's on! The Pop-Up Shop We're here along with
You know, i sat there switching it between I and E and couldnt figure it out lol <-Kelsey xoxo>
Got 2 henna / some other wierd named tattoos! Gotta love the fair
I'm great, just working and keeping busy! How are you? How's LA?
Just counting down the days til California
New Shows for Feb 22nd and 23rd are booked with our friends, "Onward, Soldiers", who are on tour from NC. Hope to see ya at the venue!
Sick show in San Diego! Thanks to everyone who came out! Tucson, AZ get ready for Attaloss tomorrow!!
ok master!
Midnight showing of Harry Potter Deathly Hallows .. So excited .. Wearing my griffindor house scarf too ... Woo
:)) RT : Shoutout to my new follower
LOL is that even a real name? who cares! I LOVE IT! lol
Guess what I wear as a hat? A lentil!
Terrific Tuesday art world. Hope you're creating a masterpiece.
The much needed rain has put us in a holding pattern. No repairs scheduled for today. We will schedule repairs for later in the week.
Sterile, neutral, art fair art...though still some great things here and there.
I believe that dreams can come true.....Oh..."How I Miss You".
Had great morning spending time with our friends at Evanced as well as meeting lots of new people in our booth
shit I got a new texting number but you can message me on Twitter
Thinking about road tripping to #Kentucky this weekend...hm is a 19 hour drive worth it?
To catch a fish one must drink like a fish.
love to meet up. We have 3 matches (May 5, 20 & 26). Make it happen! is even better live!
I believe she cares about the tourists that were endangered on St. Patrick's day. Does that count?
*Asian Someone's a dummy \^_^/
Good Morning twitterverse!
Where's the entry-level jobs at people? My generation needs investing in too!
Wow ok just ok so you think you have it all but you don't because you don't have me (; haha that sounded mean and also nice I think
ATTN All NFL teams: I am available to meet with teams today and tomorrow. Please contact my agent
Clapping in an airport bar. And the one loud drunk guy
2 commercial auditions today (yay)! Had to find a place to change clothes...1st time ever to change in Pavilion's Grocery Store bathroom! :)
Goin hard on whoeva and da champs who we be...envy me envy me
Broken Bells is awesome.
"BIG ANNOUNCEMENT" - YEAH. Not like i'm a few thousand miles away...so...sorry...but...NOT BIG AT ALL.
Let them get hype is still early
STOP SLAPPING YOUR FUCKING FLIP FLOPS ON THE GROUND REPETITIVELY OR I WILL KNIFE YOU IN THE FACE REPETITIVELY.
NEW COUCH COMING TONIGHT IRRATIONALLY EXCITED
are you gonna be in this weekend bro
fine ill deal with the miles but I still can't make it in time. :/
If the CIA comes after me, it is probably because of my google search history.
The few the proud
On way to #RIS11...Facebook here we come!
CHRISTINA, STOP TRYING TO GET PITY VOTES OK
wow thats exciting. nice to see others doing their part in making this world more beautiful for others. Pass me your link 4 it
that doesn't surprise you, does it?
morning run <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
Lol ! Weren't you supposed to be in school?
Love what you're doing with
it was a good game!! but we all kno who won.again. lmao and ur rite i will enjoy lls
"Please don't use that type of language please!"
At the studios meeting Burbank CA,
I got 2 final classes during the summer then hopefully politics
You're welcome!!:D Hopefully time goes quickly:) Haha!
Thanks to everyone who came out for ART!! We are gearing up for our next show, "Rumors" in May! See you then!
I raise my glass and salute your efforts!
hey babe
Why oh why does Orland Park have worse traffic than the city?
Fosters Australian for #beer, good looking dad . If MKG doesnt get you #hyped idk What will
hello big sista
Single loads the bases with one out for Bluff. Press box expert wanted runner to come around, but single was hit too shallow.
LoCote St Records better ask somebody!!!!
it is akkas :-)
gotta a link for me? I'd love to learn more!
rights&that single malt is actually discussed by Cornyn in Nov'11-he says that US cant afford the SS cost of gay couples
What do you think helps you connect best with people during promos? Your eyes or your smile?
Only 1 Easter hat at sunrise service. It's hot pink! #easter. Maybe more at next stop.
Sorry, but I disagree! is. RT : London Metro: Lee Valley 2012 Olympic canoe course is world's best, says GB team chief…
Austin's performing his first real concert in Houston soon! AH! SO PROUD OF HIM! <3
my frieND WANTS TO SELL ME HIS TOEWS JERSEY BRB
NGO points out construction flaws in Games Village flats
#AtABlackChurch Communion is red drink.
Redid my blog for #mdst3703, and took 's advice and custom hosted it.
If you could do anything with your day, what would it be? (keep it clean :))
You think ever? I'm not so sure. Nobody wants that contract and they don't have an amnesty.
yeah only because I resisted it for so long then gave in.
Finished a beloved cover... Working on a stars cover
Everyone enjoying the streaming live show?
Merry Christmas from your friends at Meitrack.
easter leftovers = technicolor egg salad. also sirnaya pascha, but that's the color it's supposed to be.
I wonder do anybody still be on Facebook
k was planning on coming down tomorrow anyway so that works out fine... I'll hit ya up skidz
Yo New York city this summer cant wait
Lovin' the Target commercial with teen rendition of #adele "rollin in the deep" along w/ bus ridin' backup singers synchronized seat dance
that wats up i hope they win it will be a big one if they do
Eric christen: PLAs discriminate and rip-off taxpayers.
followed, follow back ? ;)
Pill swallowing training at the Michalisko home... "No Ben you will not choke to death taking this pill... I PROMISE." But if u do I g ...
Break in the foyer (by the registration table) at 12:15. Enjoy a bite, see old friends, meet someone new. Welcome to CNI!
First parking ticket...
haha I know bro I got that cheddar for you.
He be pullin them hoes tho RT : Craig Sager's suit game <
we'll do something else next time :p
Loooooool u mean
its a songg loll sorry gurlly
So, Battlefield 3 looks pretty epic, but what about CoD: MW3 ?? Seems like a war is about to break between which game is better.
Congrats! Do a whole year if you can! :) RT : I can FINALLY study abroad in PARIS. Semester or whole year !!!!!
please start tweeting witty one liners and random observations about your life. Please?
Super stoked to spend some time with founder today! Sharing the vision of the future for youth sports.
“: i need to start jumping down sets again but the older I get the more scared I get it sucks I was never scared as a kid”<U+E421>
Welcome as an official bar reviewer for ... once she un-protects that twitter account. ;)
Hope Ashley Judd is at the game tonight when she is at a game UK always wins when she is not well.....
Having an intense Dance Gavin Dance jam session.
What ?? Fuck this shit.. #cancer sucks...
is rocking with dj'in get here!
Athletes hydration needs will be higher than non-athletes because of fluid losses during exercise (sweat & respiration) be sure to hydrate!
So proud of my sweet love, <3 Wish I could be there with you, princess. You have all my love and support.
#michigan wow!
Maybe I'll be ready to come back by Sun...
you are so cool sweetie !! i love you ! <U+2665> you are my new sister ! hahaha
actually watching the world cup
just had another hop rising. Taste great.
Really enjoying Sufjan Steven's new album after his amazing concert Saturday.
TIME TO NUT UP OR SHUT UP
Want to become a Michigan dairy goat farmer? Contact Aubrey Thomason of Creamery; now presenting plan to support farms
Nerf really really really should have licensed the name "Noisy Cricket" for their Jolt handgun.
We already knew he was brilliant!
Feeling Blah!
I Love You Guys ! You are Amazing ! <3 :)
Have a blast with Saturday Retro Night at Club Aura!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the moms, grandmothers, aunts and like-a-moms out there!
Aw. Thanks for the love! Perhaps we should distribute recordings of "studious background noise"!
You're a man of broad shoulders, use your magnetism.
Spend your President's day thinking about the event at THIS Thurs. with #DNation and !
Training for the sake of making money is a job, not a profession.
He saw you. He wanted you. He liked you. He got you. He had you. He loved you. He got bored. He left.
Yes, we have an online app and here's a link to the Showcase day registration. It's free and we would love to see yo...
Ok well this is dumb.
Half of the decline in the #unemployment rate came from the 315,000 Americans who dropped out of the labor market last month.
. awesome. And i can def beat tosh. His standup sucks. I'll get a helicopter. Lets get it poppin. Roc's dream couple.
Register now for the 2010 Crowned Prince & Princess Charm Pageant--Early Deadline Dec 31. Save #crowned prince & princess charm
My thigh is twitching. Either I'm stressed or fat's trying to escape.
RT good morning// And a good morning to you, too!
Recently woke up naked on my futon. Normal. Yet somehow still had red high top sneakers on. That's how I found out I'm a wizard Harry.
Leave the bitches for the bitches we countin riches and catchin fishes girls doin the dishes Stoner missions
Yes! Only two more to go!
How long will it take for the ball just knocked into the middle of a backyard to show up on eBay?
All this smoke up in here.
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation so much coming up!!!
Those reacting to the news that Rose had torn ACL/MCL. ask yourselves, how did NBCMiami get this news first?
An evil and adulterous generation seeks for a sign, but no sign will be given to it except the sign of Jonah. -Matt 16:4
Can you spread the word or us? We're compiling a memorial book: What were you doing on Sept. 11? Proceeds go to charity.
Thanks so much for coming in to check out the new location! How was everything with your visit tonight?
Google must be a woman, it knows everything
Has anyone heard if Nyassi got an extra suspension yet?
lol good luck :)
Dr. Sylvia Hill #Southern Africa Support Project is also amongst the special awardees at the #freedomday awards.
I'd like to see Noel do a follow up interview with Mario now.
Like really u dont like one direction but u have the nerve to like niall andHarry just bc I do??!!! Not cool -.-!!!
All the wealth of the world could not buy you a friend nor pay for the loss of one.
Under my chest I feel something pounding, clawing; trying to escape the walls I've caged it in
I be agreein' wit ya. Social nets seem to bring back memories of school w/the little cliques. Couldn't stand it then either
En route to Pepper
I think teams that recent had same problems (raptors and bosh) and (grizz and pau) they both had problems advanceing in plyoff
article I read said Heckert wanted Weeden to contact Cooper & convince him 2 sign. BW forwarded text from Heckert to Cooper.
yep, I just said, "We seem to be going backwards here."
we know
can't wait to see your new hair
Just another scoreless outing for Ubaldo. Coors Field is Ubaldo's yard, we're just paying to be in it.
Sadly, there are too many fools who watch only #Fox and believe all they say as gospel. They have no clue about UK
Glad to know the car jacker had since enough to flee and let that baby make it home safe.
It's been a long day!! Relaxing with Bruce!! He always puts a smile on my face
Thank you! GR8 day to you!
Walker assessed activities on how much staff facilitation the required when other family feedback (good or bad) wasn't helpful.
Hockey fights are #intense!
Thank you! RT #FollowFriday Fabulous Friends
What does curating your life mean?
love it! thx for posting!
I'm preparing to move my office downtown.
Helping with math...who knew this day would ever come. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Tessa and hold it and kiss it
...and how we imagine ourselves normal through the spectacle of their abjection
The collective noun for a group of rhinoceroses is "crash" or "herd". Isn't language fun?
Morning Rockstars! > I failed my way to success. - Thomas Edison
Hey! Can I get a follow back? Please?<U+2665>
I'm so glad you enjoyed it Tony!!! Thank you so much for your kind words :)
San Diego, California Weather :: 62F A FEW CLOUDS: 62F A FEW CLOUDS
Great another power play for the , will they take a shot at the goalie this time?
lol they found a crack head under the couch hahaha!!!!!!
Long day at the office, then a long night in the kitchen. Who else preps for thanksgiving today? :-)
"Dueling Chainsaws" seems to be the neighbourhood soundtrack today.
OMG GOP WTF? golf does not equal health care. mT : Obama: played 23 rounds of golf b4 inviting a woman to join
Getting dolled up ;)
I'm tryna go c nd @ Ibiza tonight. Who else tryna go???
Thanks for the RT during #Tchat - was an interesting topic.
you are mean, haha...that is why I only take cabs to & from the airport, lol
Somebody make me pancakes.
Freddie, teaching the fiance (marrying in may) how twitter works, can a fan get a retweet?
I utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it wrong.
Get your Bhangra on tonight! U.S. Dept of Bhangra's monthly party is tonight at ! We're doing a FREE dance lesson at 9:30!!!
We're going to have some exciting news to announce soon!
Database platform changes institute new usage counts; does COUNTER account for this?
I'm sleepy af
People were eating dinner outside at Big Star in JANUARY!
Thank you for my email! Hope to work with you soon!
Time to celebrate the sunshine with $5 Martinis all day today! Good for all regular and specialty martinis.
googled. its a winter squash. butterNUT is too? now im lost. can i have my 1c max on days i wod? thats what i needa kno ;)
Likewise! I didn't realize Cotelco was a joint venture between and Syracuse, very interesting stuff
good night Debbie John boy already is a sleep! Lol
Post and comment on informative links. Check out relevant hashtags (e.g., #edreform, #edchat). Be friendly.
Hoping today is a good day, doesnt feel like it though
ola amigo. The future is coming!!!!
someone tell me what's an Avi ??? :O
shut dat up
I don't care what Louis CK says, I'm going to smash this phone to the ground.
finally on way home.. been a long day
Congrats to at Evanston TS HS in Chicago for a huge win tonight. Goodluck on Tues against Chi Simeon! Keep on chuggin'!!!!
you good young brother? What's upcoming?
Pierre McGuire > Don Cherry "Seidenberg's skates just make a funny noise." Because they are German, apparently.
can u detect if appblade profile is not installed and tell user just that, now it says ambiguous msg that app can't be installed
Yep. I'm in love with libraries and a big pink RAT. Old-fashioned girl, really. Hee.
I don't worry 'bout what other people think bout me cause it can't be half as bad as what i think of them
Obama, Republicans Ransack Reagan’s Record, Come Up Empty
Thanks! ;) I appreciate the feedback!
RT : Football >>>>>>> any sport , any activity.
Still cool wid my ex girlfriend. . .
May all the sweet magic Of Christmas conspire To gladden your hearts And fill every desire.
bout too watch tv till i fall asleep !
Thanks, Kim! I hope you have a wonderful week. Stay dry, it's raining.
Start booking your appointments now : February Special * $15 off a make-up application* Have a glam Valentines Weekend!
...and saying "half" is generous~
Life is too short to waste a second, embrace it. Take what you have and run with it!
Me and my mom singing just chillin
Yes! How's your playoff beard?
"Whenever something bad happens, it just means that something better is gonna come along"
boo. I will buy you a cup of coffee if you tell me what you don't like about Heartbroker and how to fix it.
ex-wife ashes maybe?
What a beautiful day in the neighborhood
I need somebody who's down for me all the time, not some time
If you can't keep the hits coming that's what happens, I also love her.
FUCK NO. mrs davis is our principle next year... OH HELL NO.
.....Some people just need to get out of my life.
Two listings in two days. Todays was for 1.45 million. Boom-Shaka-Laka, he's on FIRE!
Orchestra Software Directs New Sales with Social Media
I wish I could see the super moon..it's very over cast in NYC
Who is ready for an extraordinary day? Tell me what you are most looking forward to today....
you and me both! “: Foster retiring because of back problems makes me feel like an old lady.”
check out my latest interview for College Underground Radio! Feedback? Suggestions for future articles? <3 .
It was the shorts.
what channel is it in San Antonio?(:
hi lil sis pia~ good morning~ love you so much my dear lil sis~ have a great day and take care <3
8 bit tie? Check. Pet shark? Check. I think you're ready for the #FreakinCatalytic party!
I was "immersed" for batman and robin in 1997 and that was more than enough for me. Back row from then on
We LOVE our local #SanFrancisco fans. Especially #Changemakers, like !
Is it bad that I am ready for Lost to be over so I can focus (soon) on True Blood?
Happy memorial day every one
yeah i have it. Its only like 1 or 2 new songs i think. But i think its just an effort to do pr for the show also.
finally broke down and signed up for Twitter
I dislike all NY teams so I will root for the Buck tonight ! I will root for any team playing a NY team.
Then rise and grind, good sir!
it's a week later and I still have "Beautiful Girls" from Follies in my head. Grrr!
In a couple years my names Gonna be on that Saints jersey. Then I'm gonna make you bitches pay.
RT : Happy feel-good Friday! FF other fab peeps like
Half-price haircuts today and we DO have openings this afternoon/tonight. 614.447.2600
Hasbro audition was a callback. Vry cool. Was headed 2 Newport Beach 2day for some catalog thing, but punted. Don't do The OC in rush hour.
Glad to hear you'll be working it again! See ya there!
Wow. Nail bitter.
I want to be playing but I must.be.productive.
What a beautiful day in Seattle! It's starting to feel like #Spring is actually here!
u n the office all by yourself m
is this who I think it is :0
Good morning Twitter!
lol I'm just kidding, can't nobody use mine's either
You're welcome! Have a great weekend.
ALways looking for the next gadget Research and Markets: Honduras - Telecoms, Mobile and Broadband - 2011: Political Interference Keeping
Good Morning Twitter! Please don't forget to vote for me in the #AbsoluteFuel contest! The link is in my description! Thank you!!
Cody, You are The Pan!
I know i miss you too, you should come here to maryland and visit
I'm hoping his guy brings me to sxsw I'd bug but pray for the best and let the wealth rain on us
enjoy the weather
Some stop working today, not me, busy last day of the year.
Just update reroute.it to support #opentripplanner. Now we just need an Austin instance of OTP.
Now they're saying it was a suicide call to Junior Seau's house?? That makes even less sense.
It's a cavernous cave
Always can all me at the office, see my phone number
I don't feel so well.
me too!
agh it's windows only! I'll figure it out…
please buy the Padres. Thanks.
That's a pretty good deal. I may go for that.
Just watched the Grammys.. Bruno Mars killed it !!! Literally flawless from start to finish! True Artists #Adele #PaulMcCartney!
first week of p90x 2 complete. im on my way
If only it was nicer outside so i could read and get my tan on
Then he would think ur the clingy type lol RT : I would so pass out if I met him. Or I'd hug him and not let go, lol.
hey can y'all go follow my GERL group its called n we Finna do a live ustream with ray ray on theph
Oh Sam Rockwell, take me away.......
honestly, how do you like living in Tremont? ...considering buying there & looking for takes from actual residents.
Poni wins it for the
nothing is 100% true
This funny and true at the same time RT : Know what else is waging a war on marriage? Flannel pajamas.
thank you! i mean c'mon - giving birth and raising a kid is just REAL LIFE. ::eyeroll::
Happy Mother's Day:)
THIS RT : When Perry has a huge game I'm gonna remember that said "Who?" about him. Go work on your receiving skills.
Every time we have time, we shouldn't waste it
Twitter followers, y'all so sweet!! Thank you for the Hash tag #HappyBirthdayVinceLlaguno I'm giving shout outs today RT This.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Up next from intel talking about how to scale social media interaction on facebook.
either your account or mine has been hacked Sorry for any inconvenience
Next I tried to ask Siri where I could order a hooker. It thought I said "I want to order a book or a cat".... OMG! DOES IT KNOW ME?!!
Last day at Disneyland with the fam, so of course the lines are long and it's hot! But we still have a few areas to explore.
happy Friday! Hope it's one of the best :)
That is $10 and you get about $16+ worth of merch!
To recuperate from this weekend, I will need 12 hours of sleep that I'm NOT going to get.
Good Monday Morning! I Hope everyone had a fantastic weekend! :)
Privacy Iphone Screen protectors FTW!
miss my blondie!
glad to have you follow me Sarah palin is also one of my favorite people.
RT : RT : Who here is ready for #matchday? Are you ready? Nervous? A little bit of both?
Same goes for works of fincher ep
EL CENTRO, UNT, UTA, SMU, & THE ART INSTITUTE. Everything about any other college, TRASH :)
:-) The article should really have had Bob Dylan's photo since he was the one who wrote the lyrics.Very cool though. Happy New Year!
Just so you all know... Working on next week's savory special, and you all will be very pleased... Yes, very pleased indeed! ;-)
Did I miss something? Is the "Questions" tool now gone?
#StopKony2012. Spread the word. Let's create peace. We all can do something to help<U+2764>
If I started a #skeptic ska band it would be called Pareidolia and the Skaptics.
why the hate on a local girl actually doing something?? Shame on you.
Thanks for the help. Found one near Symphony!
At work thinking about alot.....
I went to the same damn school for like six freaking years
lol! My bad. I notice I've curbed doing that and I only skip when I have a lot of built up tension
How's everyones day going?!
“: preparing.....nervously.....for my first ever TRADE show. fish out of water~~~~!! sigh.” Good luck!!! Where?
Adrienne Maloof in the building.... LAX
Lol okay don't believe me
But, keep everyone posted in the climate change news coming out. It is Amazing - Btw, I was sorry you lost the Presidency. A
We'll get it there as quickly as we can! RT : next shipment is on the way. Woot
We haven't been this excited for a show in a long time!
All I do is win win win, no matter what.
I'm running out of time, where is my runaway love?
yes ma'am
morning Michael
I wonder how old Cee Lo Green's hand donor was. I'm guessing 9.
misses the days of playing red rover and catching lightning bugs.
Prom tonight!!! Thanks to for getting me sick the day before!
Tom Brady dissing Buffalo hotels makes me wish even more that he was watching my then-girlfriend and I diddle in that La Quinta Inn in 2003
Pwahaha, u aint ever lied lol! Ok, we got Drake & JCole now... who gone last?
Taking the Stanford Online course in NLP right now, it's been an interesting experiences.
Keep my inner circle tight af cuzz niggas be on some other shit
Fall back FALL BACK !
Why Groupon said no to Google's $6 billion - Business - U.S. business - msnbc.com msnbc.msn.com/id/40574999/ns… via
"If you dont make a goal, Im not feeding you for the next 24 hours!!"
Let's get it Rangers!
40 points off the bench #6th man of the year !
A-ma-zing photo! I wanna go there!
Use power to curb power. Power is developed from within.
It's like a choose your own adventure book but instead it's Choose your own Punishment.
thanks for the link to the wild fermentation book! just bought it
The Surgeon General says that #Stress is one of the top reasons for sickness and disease. Everybody: there's a Natural Solution for stress!
gotta visit my lady. I am def applying at WOB!
amen amen. Hope you are doing good. I miss you toots! :)
im doing well..and you?
FAR TO GO by Alison Pick (5/11) may gain book club traction, Cdn literary WWII Jewish family saga; reminds me a bit of FUGITIVE PIECES
~Carol Burnett~Everyone thinks of changing the world,but no one thinks of changing himself
anytime. :D
the & Baba band will!
Downton Abbey fans, Dan Stevens (Matthew Crawley) will be joining Jessica Chastain in this fall's revival of !
The #Bronocos and #Colts do not meet this year.
And he has a book. I'm going to get it.
Texas Home & Garden Market Opens THIS Friday!Attendees receive a free goodie bag w/ coupons, samples & PRIZES!www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Having to try and figure out someone else's fan/A.C. on a hot night with a hellish sunburn, should be illegal. At least in most States.
Every time I go to speedway I always get a slushy
too bad she's too old for us though... fuck :/ lol
If I was out shots would be on me as sweep the night 5-0 4-0 in #MLB and 1-0 in # NBA get on the list I am working
RT : Two more days to submit recipes for our ebook, so tell your foodie friends! Details here:...
I just use my desk as a nightstand, then again I have no earrings to lose :p
but Wright just selected by Titans. Unless they go for Hill?
The secret ingredient in Weight Watchers Dark Chocolate Cake recipe: pureed canned sauerkraut. What?
No, it's all good.
Yeah come back to me.... Jk Fuck Off!
Contest ends midnight on Tuesday! Good Luck!
Major thanks to the 5mTKO crew for having me as guest this week. Enjoyed talking #timbers with old skool TA!
Vote today #Indiana!
Getting ready to relaunch the Kickstarter project (scaled back considerably). In the meantime, I am looking into making an Android app.
Working with a few of the Spokane Shock players today.
Beware of spiders my friends. Their webs are deadly.
RT #NickiMinaj please com bck to twitter..we miss U
www.retronaut.co = my favorite place on the Internet right now.
Thx to all my new follwers. Good Morning.
That's cool! I've always wanted to go to Finland. Yea, I live in California but wasn't born there. ;)
Must sleep. Hope I dream of u...
yeah, she has plenty of medications. Her doctor prescribed them to her.
#alreadytempted to bounty hunt the arsonist. and his oddly shaped feet
LMAO RT : What's going on here???? I'm just waiting for Ashton to jump out and shout "you've just been punked!
I sometimes wish I was Blonde, or I look like Ariana Grande so that Austin would like me..
I really must find more interesting things to do with my hair. #Igottadobetter :)
Thanks for following! Want a Stranger tee & Vintage Deck of cards? Tweet DO GOOD to win!!!
glad you both are okay
I almost did that before RT : This is pretty bad. I think I've developed a habit of depending on NyQuil to fall asleep at night
You just took our pock for the #cmlounge event at Bess, thanks!
She said. . You ain't no good , but you feel so good. She said.. what if I could.. but I gotta leave you alone
WORK HARD STAY FOCUSED YOU WILL WIN EVERYTIME
follow back search Boston your people I am sure like gourmet coffee
obviously we laughed through the entire recording session!
RT : If I fall, can you let me down easy. -Billy Currington
Swag template, niggas copy then they paste !!
Mighty in battle now my Victor be Death has no power when You hold the key :: Be Thou My Passion
hahah that's the stuff they are putting on tv for kids these days smh...haha and ya those babies were straight gangsta
Hurry up and read A Year in Tyr by Eric J. Swensson, now in paperback - you'll be glad you did!
It's crazy how long girls will stick around for good sex though.. Until they find out that doesn't mean shit.
You'd think they would get a quarterback right when the lockout was over, "COME ON MAN!"
Man my red griffeys are done super muddy o well time to get new ones
i agree w/ this completely. went to great public speaking workshop today & saw many examples of interactive lecture
RT well, this totally made my morning :) : Happy Valentines Day, Less than three :)
I'm listening to king Kong right now
Don't forget is at Walmart in Ft Wright at 11. I'm gonna pack up the wife and kids & see my man and grab kyvan!
Thx! RT: : hope u enjoyed the oyster tacos, gorg weather & views!
Belated #FF (Saturday edition) to the amazing and talented
How was that a foul on Jeffries?
*sighs* Sorry, . I don't follow until I am well amused & proper contrition has been made (or you write a book i like )
Always funny to see a highly touted Norte Dame team having a tough go of it against an unheralded underdog. Their coach had to get cute.
May the odds be ever in your favor!!
But im so hungry
“: Thanks for the awesome time at #OnDeck fans.” we should thank u my fellow Canadian!
Right on! RT : I’m amazed when I see these little 8 year old kids with iPhones. You know what I had when I was 8? Imagination
Pastor Eddie Long, one guy, possible shakedown, three men accusing him of having a sexual relationship, while n teens. Getting interesting.
the locals at #KingField welcome #MURFC with open arms....Tony from the park made an effort to shake hands with everyone at practice today
Looks like XOMBI No3 is out today. I'm gonna go learn more stuff!
Ride it, my pony! Then ride it again!
oh yeah....it is awesome
where you at?(: lol
hey Megan thanks for following us! :)
No longer can I walk around looking like nappy roots
I AM
Congratulations to Mr. & Mrs. Kleitz. Team Enso wishes you the best of luck with your future endeavors.
Junior Seau rejoins the Patriots
... that if I order right then they can ship it today (wed) so that I'll hopefully get it by Fri. Of course it didn't ship wed.
Mention "The Black Out II: The All Black Gala" & recieve up to 30% off all black suits, dresses, tux's, & accessories at Darver's Fashions
I ended up not registered after my signature got rejected in 2008! My signature really isn't worth ANYTHING!! ;)
Grohl is a GOD!
are you okay? :c
okkay i followed
omg. Lucky.
Hey I am curious, what is your go to restaurant in Rochester?
Just recorded some segments for 93.1 JAMZ with Fish Calloway. I love how he always makes everyone laugh!
"marketing broadly is not marketing"
Hello! Pleased to [temporarily?] follow you! You from NOLA or just obsessed with it like me?
anyawy best of luck ;)
When "experts" are on Twitter--that's the best way to connect w/them. #globalclassroom came to our classroom.
Boston #getittogether! -_- I'm done with this
RT : When you think of "Seattle Celebrities" who comes to mind?
Miller Lite #punchtop can? Can someone inform me why this is cool?
yeah, yeah yall got the W,but its a 7game series and my squad are those young grasshoppers learning more from each game
Last time the Pacers closed out a playoff series at home: May 4th, 2000 vs the Bucks.
miss Bacardi girl days! Hope the promo goes well :)
Thanks Hash!
#RoseFestival! What are you doing to celebrate?
I keep having too many Paradise Fears related dreams that involve me waking up sad. :c
Clients that pay on time, and ahead of time are the clients you want to keep. Always nice to have a grouping of those. :)
Nature, you scary.
are you alive? Wow that is low!
doing some test syncing of tweets from Twitter to the course website....
As #barneystinson would say; this #tshirt is legen...wait for it...DARY! Check it out
What would you do without music?
Hoping to deck out my naked new Lightspeed at the Twin Cities Bike Swap this Sunday
Over 70% of our Social Media Bootcamp participants use but do not maximize Facebook for business purposes
Just got in from my show, I'm wit you brutha!
Much appreciated! :)
Busy day today. Music video client meeting. Luxury watch photography. Dinner/nap. Then we begin the 24hr film competition.
is working on programming a key for a Chevrolet Cobalt.
i triple dog dare you. they have some yard gnome zombies eating flamingos on etsy. i think jessica's yard really needs that :)
definitely. Thanks again. Couldn't have accomplished so much without your help.
I absolutely love that moment when a book goes in a completely different direction than I imagined.
Nerve impulses for muscle position travel at a speed of up to 390 feet per second.
Back from guitar lesson had a big Mac from Micky d's now nap time lol
N' im up out to the Car wash Behind my house..
Expect shameless, inquisitive tweets to follow. Be blessed.
I didn't bring my book to school today. Now what am I supposed to do for an hour?
Thank you! > : once again. You are fabulous.
I thought i couuld be strong threww this but i just need someone too cry and talk too...
... and maybe making funding more interesting is a very good thing. We agree on that.
Barack spent all night tonight reading "his" jobs bill. I asked him how far he got and he said, "Let me be clear, I got about two pages in!"
Day 3 of no caffeine: tired. Go figure. Thinking about no liquids other than water all of next week.
...and now Lubick has two fouls, but it looks like he's staying the game. 15-11 Georgetown leads
Nothing in Tahoe RT : Didn't feel it (did I mention I'm in CA?) RT : USGS: 5.2-magnitude quake in E California, W of Reno
Stuck in traffic!
smashing pumpkins afternoon
Just got done watching the #CBJ game, still get goosebumps seeing out there in the final 3 minutes!
THS SAT. WINDYCITY SOLE SUMMIT 2230 S. Michigan 12-5pm all ages. BUY SELL N TRADE YOUR SNEAKERS. TICKETS SOLD AT DOOR $10
whats up man!
Stay tuned...
"Your love is like bad medicine. Bad medicine is what I need." ;)
Mark Twain
so Beautiful
that sucks balls dude!
lol! Go to sleep,twitter isn't right for you haha
So stoked! First album sounding awesome! 2 months in the making. Almost done. 2012 should be something! :)
Yeah, but what jersey will he be wearing?
Np. I'm pretty sure that's due Monday as well :)
But spaghetti is so easy to make!
Brew City 4 Life and Bee Bus Line...lol.
Make you feel my love by #adele on repeat.
What techniques do you use to get your ADD/ADHD child to pay attention?
Currently wondering how flexible the term "recommended dosage" is.
rest, sweet crow
WOW! That was... Amazing.
Looking for some new dubstep recos, share 'em if you got 'em...
#edt246 i liked how his family joined the cause helping him to read, forming a new community of practice around that instead of appalachia
Since when is washing your hands after using the bathroom optional?
I'm Vic. you are?
I also wonder how much patience users have for dealing with that kind of an interface on the web.
making a tumblr account, i have no idea how to use it "/
Come to the NYC zombie prom June 9 with GWAR and enter to win a page from the walking dead comics. A real hand drawn pg from Charlie Adlard
how good is this little gem of a wine/cheese shop? tasting here - Le Ragnaie Chianti is killing it
was BOMB at CEO Space today
3 days to go...
People are always calling me asking for advice On anal sex.
successfully was in the sun for 3 hours today without getting burnt. thanks indian river for getting me tan
i am going to love this tweet ing when i head out to cali.
Congrats Jessica!! We can't wait for you to come in!!
All day, all night I got the lights in my eyes and I'm falling for you keep cool, stay young I'm just having my fun wit the lessons in love
great meeting tnite! thanks for all who came. stay tuned for more details about thursday night and monday's trip.
VISITAN LA SALSA DE URGUARY, PARAGUAY,CHILE,PERU,ARGENTINA, VENEZUELA,EUADOR,BRAZIL,GUATEMALA,MEXICO,PANAMA,VENGA ,A CHATEAR LATINO
Up early making breakfast
I KNOW
Coffee Stout hangover remedy is not coffee.
Its Follow friday!! Check out our friends
Ran into some random guy with a shirt on today! He had it signed by What a cool kid :)
oh abraham. Ru serious? You guys could pull diamonds out of your ass u r so up tight. Who does he hate?NAACP pres says not a racist.
they just don't understand simple economics. Something is only worth what someone will pay for it.
The name of the has been spoken aloud on Twitter three times. He shall now appear!
Happy #CincoDeMayo! Stop by Beta for one of our #tequila cocktails like La Santa Maria w/ jalapeno & pineapple infused reposado!
vert jump, 40 dash, pro agility,bench press or push up then punt pass kick
So excited to be part of the band All the Little Pieces! Rehearsing a lot and getting ready for some shows and recording soon!
yes im excited :) i miss him soo badly, well you know the feeling.
Really blessed and loving life.
lets talk
No way! Julie Chen is not out! U r crazy!
is he wearing a suit on his face?
How are we all getting down there? Do you know?
Got the break room rocking
No not right now. Keep following us and we will tell u when": what do you mean? Just listen to the radio? Like now?"
For example, Ray Bradbury's biographer is going to be here Wednesday at 7pm to rock the house.
was amazing tonight in miami!! She did a full performance that blew me away!!! Love you Taylor <3
The President assured me that tomorrow he will be offering state of NC up for auction, he hears Iran needs a new territory..
RIP MCA. You've changed the world and will be remembered.
I have to get mentally prepared to study for finals and finish reviews
I miss you a lot. Sometime, most of the time, I don't show it. But I hope you know my heart breaks everytime I breathe
Yep!! I've seen that too with the gas prices in Green Bay!! It's crazy!! You really can't go anywhere anymore!!
agreed. Even a small investment in Jan wld hv helped. Wonder if that was reason for changes in front office.
One reason we don't pray as if everything depended on God is because we don't believe it does.
Had a Great training session with , a few more days till his fight every1 check it out May 15th
A quote for the day: (with a smile on his face) "come on though, you can't tell me Bill Gates doesn't have some Apple stock"
: Off to Austin!
Woopy Do. Valentines Day-.-
What good thing did you do for yourself today? Don't forget to push that chair back and breathe once in a while
I love shows with ridiculously hot women. Settle down.
that's dope, super nice chef
OK I will do that
Most people only see what they want to see. Unless told otherwise...
Any day!
Can’t you almost smell it? Today on #HealthfulIndianFlavorsWithAlamelu,Yogurt Rice, Asparagus Poriyal and Fish Kulambu. At 12:30 on MPTV 10.
o damn!!!! That was your blunt.. I thought I got lucky. I found it the other day cleaning. I was like
That's what I'm thinking based on resources. A weekly blog is probably the most that will occur and FB to fill in
"A poor man's hovel is another, wealthier man's tax shelter"
Aaron Koppel Quartet's "Falling Together Falling Apart" is on the Grammy Awards Nominating Ballot for Jazz Instrumental Album, please vote!
t.r.u. women too!
If you live to love you will love to live Leonard Chitunhu
"Your what? Tin roof, rusted!" Have some fun tonight at home with the B-52's Live in Athens tonight on MPTV 10 at 10:30pm.
Screw the growing up. #Suh needs jail time!
Guess I can do my hair...a silk wrap w/feather curls would be cute
Real RCY tho all we had was each Otha I swear
Scallops make any Sunday better!
Note to self: Never ride with :-0
that looks so yummy without the eggs lmfao
I'm going with Punk, Cena, Taker
The enemy of good is great.
. is there a reason why the banner image shows up as two photos some of the time and for other photos it only shows part of it?
#InCaseYouDidntKnow Schools Almost Over (:
the bands 1st guitar player Guy Davis is moving to Oregon! we wanna wish him all the best Guy played with the band from 2007 to 2010
RT : That works SWELL for me.//I'm in stitches envisioning the ways a sombrero can be decorated.
Hey! They actually make me look good!
I have a horrible memory!
On the menu today: commonplace books, poetic miscellanies, and chocolate covered almonds. But not at the same time, of course.
Hopefully EXCITING!! ;) RT : who thinks #OscarFashion will be boring? exciting? predictable?
Recipe please!
how u doing im doing better
El Bulli: Cooking in Progress will open 7/27 ! PPR and Community Community Screening licenses available same day!
Hi I don't know what happened...completely forgot about twitter for a couple months.
School Was Kinda Fun. Now Its Time To Eat #MidDayMunchies .!
Okay, that made me laugh. I want to win the contest you're proposing. O, look, I did!
RT "Allow yourself just one struggle today, so you can go past it and float through the day with ease and amusement."
I should've lasted longer with my boyfriend, now ima be one of those singles that ask themselves out on Facebook on Valentines Day...
Hope you put them in their place. Haha
“: "Wow! Nice car, Mr. Duroseau. Somebody should STEAL that jawn..."” nice
Wheres is the good in goodbye? #summer ill miss u...
wait..how does the school know u skipped
all about the money and the bigger market plus he will never win a title with svg
Yay! Let's plan another Brewer outing for this season. At least one.
didn't tell me her abilities
I hear you Nate. That's why we can't put all our Social Media eggs in one basket ;)
If I have one bottle its Shiraz, if I have two do I have Shirazi? Shirazes? I don't want to know, I'm going with Shirazi no matter what.
Also,new covers is coming this month!!So excited to get all this started!- Shunt'e!
dude its to ealry for you to be screming at the top of my street go back to bed
or do you like this orange best?
Damn you whole foods! I knew there was a catch.
I'm totally on the next plane. see you in 16.
Could someone explain to me how Free Fallin' is number 68 on Spotify's Top 100 in Sweden?
jeez I didn't know you hate me that much
You. Me. Elf. Next october. It's on.
We are excited about our CTC forum this Thursday, May 3rd, featuring #CA52 candidates: Scott Peters, Lori Saldaña, and Brian Bilbray!
please, please write this rant. I want to reference it when attempting to set expectations.
had so much fun clubbing last night =)
Thank you Shannon! :) I'm gonna miss u to!!
“: clear discharge no fever, sneezing, itchy eyes in spring usu. allergies if fever,phlegmy discharge, maybe infection #latism”
Raise your hand if you ... want to raise your hand.
I am so sick of hearing about the Dallas Cowboys already!!
Michael Jackson Is Our Hero :)
Somebody in my office is walking around whistling Crocodile Rock.
Tickets for JUNE 30th Extreme RETURNS 6/30 at the Armory in Philly WILL BE AVAILABLE ON SALE tomorrow starting at 9am CASH SALES ONLY!
So tired!
Starbucks' Gluten-Free Valencia Orange cake is surprisingly yummy!!
create a Flickr group for members to submit photos
confusing! but i fixed the tweet ;) thanks!
That awkward moment when you go to kick something, and you miss.
What is this challenge, how many burpees do you have to do in that time?
Wish I was seeing at tonight. Something tells me I'll still find a way to have a good time.
Watched far too many interviews of today. Came to realize that I have neglected there albums far too much lately. Time for change!
live 10pm at DAR in Washington, DC tonight - ROW 4 in the center!! So excited, hope she brings me or my fiance on stage!!!
I represent, where them killas hang 3rd Ward Calliope projects we got our own thang
": Love with no action is love with no meaning."
Aww, thank you! You are so sweet! :)
Rappers are good at fishing because they know how to use a hook.
"Rebels" thought they fooled Obama by making false claims of indiscriminate killing when it was proved that less than 3% were civilians.
Happy #February! Can you believe our first month of 2012 is already over? It's about time to start planning your spring trip to #Plano!
We are excited too.
Don't tweet much but good to see you here. LUV
Thanks to for paying us a visit!
Madness I say, madness!
. reports fastest plausible trip: Good Hope/Naylor to Anacostia Lib in 1:58. 21.94 mph down massive hill.
Sew in clip or patch label on the sleeve & bottom hem of the shirt we can do it.
hopefully she'll give me an extra day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
This new season of Mad Men is alot like third love.
Help me.
ok how do I do it
aw that's sweet but none for me?? jk
I heard niggas was mad because they aint get nominated for the categories in our yearbook……YOU MAD???
Barney with the big knock.
Afraid to lie near the window. I don't want to see Elmira Gulch or any flying cows out there, much less meet members of the Lollipop Guild.
Search for ASTD EVENTS in app store
Keep it a 100 wit u niggas actin like females
I Love Steampunk and Love the Great Inventions and Ideas out there but seriously... why are you so hard to draw!!!
I hate this class....
awesome! Giving this all full attention after crazy valentines is done! Ha.
School will be the death of me.
I NEED CHOCOLATE!
So glad to hear that the 17 yr old girl hit by an SUV in Hermitage while catching her bus is going to be OK broken arm and hip injuries
I will agree with you there Diana. It was a great to hear your insight on Fox.
Gonna revamp our music page this week and work on another remix. Should be a fun time!
perfect. And I can crash there when I want since I live downtown too :) haha
I remember a time when $30 of Walmart makeup could cover all the zombies...
Totally Agree! RT : DTC is da BOMB. Basically, read everything she has ever written. You won't be disappointed.
there's no place like home!
Plenty of good options out there but all I can say is the Duluth is a pleasure to own. Well worth the cash outlay.
Hell yeah I like it too :)
Oh your welcome!!:)
At gym, good thing someone forgot their bodywash
Hey Jay... where in New England did you grow up? I'm from the North Shore of Massachusetts.
Hey Washington, listen up: please, for the love of God, don't start any more vast projects with half-vast ideas. We've got enough problems.
I kinda like how she's on the down-low right now. I think she does, too. :D She'll be back with a hit.
I never realized how racist this movie was..lol
OMG R U kidding Me?
The novel is just days away from completion
Music fairy just appeared outside my window playing Harry potter on the violin.
Find a way not an excuse. Emphasize this every day. Simply do not accept excuses.
Good morning everyone!
Who else had that one pen with a 4 colors, and tried to push all the buttons at once.
I would do it, but YOU don't follow me :p
I am so disappointed A Game of Honor didn't record properly. I hope it records tomorrow.
Ugh I hate when I see something and it makes my stomach feel like its dropping to my feet!
Get your tickets to Wicked at the Plaza, and spend an extra $5 on a scary movie-- TOMORROW! plazaclassic.com
I wonder if I should make generic 4 chord pop-house tracks for vocalists...
yes Claude I really want it. Im gonna get it:)
nope , Merion mercy academy :) get at me , bro ! Lol :) I felt as if I belonged there and the best school so yeah :)
laying down watching Tosh.O
I cant decide whether to go to Temple for
Excited For New Jonas Album 12
Isn't there an entire circle reserved for ALL senators?
fifty shades for the guineas?
Last night's scary kid moment: text from 14 yr old son right after school: "Do we have any condoms in the house?"
Thanks for staying connected to the network that works in 2010 we are looking forward to 2011 starting up with 3 million RapTV members
ah cant watch grammys damn i cant stop watching wish i was on it :(
Come brave the snow and shop our Odds and Ends Sale! Everything in the sale is 30-50% off!
pshh that 98.5 station was NOTHING compared to KROV! Was it just me, or was like 80% of it commercials?!
RT : when do you arrive in chicago and ??? get ready to get your drink on with me tonight!
Follow me back! is a Awsome account related to Porn!;P
The Vanilla Raspberry Wheat did need a blow-off tube. Only thing was the one I had was not air tight. Luckily, I had a backup.
I love Jay Leno's
I saw the montage a couple months ago that included the Pack. Sucks if they got rid of it
Which video/page isn't captioned?
I know I'm crazy, but shouldn't we find it refreshing that the BCS committee has an allergy to making money?
My dad made it through Irene unscathed, but he said that the Hudson and Mohawk Rivers are the highest he's ever them.
ROMNEY DID NOT INVENT STAPLES BUT HE FIRED A STAPLER ONCE
Foot cramps are the actual worst things in the world!
So many things to get done in the next week and I don't even know where to begin.
San Diego Police Department knew 15 years convicted sex offender Arevalos was sexually assaulting women. Cops & DA did nothing to protect
Word of the day: polyamory (n) - participation in multiple and simultaneous loving or sexual relationships
the pictures are just too important
Jazz-up song for the day: Helix Nebula by
i keep a list to remind me where my notebook is.
At #Columbia in NYC to watch the Documentary #DEMAND: An End to Trafficking.
: Get those extra servers ready. The trade is about to go nuclear on you.
Settle down big homie
sponsor'n some dope little league teams... soccer moms will screw face...
They introduce the jockeys the way they introduce the football players on Sunday night football. Love it!
Create your future from your future, not from your past.
sex is not the answer to all of life's problems... sex is the question! yes is the answer! and i always have the right answer...
Re: On offense - Do it 27 days from now & see if U set them off again. Timing is everything ;-))
So in love with the Too Faced Natural Eye palette right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
I can laugh at my own past :)
Life without caffeine is really.....
that hurts :(
A view from our kitchen window: October 3
Awesome! Love you amiga!
Thanks B. Glad I took your advice.
you better not forget about the people in Indiana now that you moved.
oh yes on friday! :) tahaha NO! jk :)
yep I love muzic an football
RT : My 2 year-old just called an overpass a mountain. Native Houstonian.
Come on down! The coffee's ready! RT : On my way
This guy RT : 90% people wets the toothbrush after applying the paste.
no sir, I have some other things going on today. Hope you have fun!
At Carnival Chicago Tech w/ The show is going to be bananas. Come celebrate dance tonight at Joes!
Haven't heard "Never Let You Go" in so Long ! :((
ima always show da attention u need : )
My 19 year old brother has hot friends.
bro this new south park is hilarious lol
this year needs to be over... so it can be our turn to run this damn school
Away from Denver but nice to have a few minutes to listen online to and on talk to
Hey Patrick, are you mad? "Yeah." Why? "Can't see my forehead."..... Hahah gets me everytime
Thank you for visiting this evening, and welcome to Chicago.
I leave on June 16, which is far too soon. So much to do. I hope your grading and end-of-term work goes smoothly. Summer plans?
then message me on facebook, because i would like to know.
Just when stuff starts to look bad
What happened to that promise you made me?
Nuthin sweeter than u, KTG! RT : Always a crazy time at ... and ... All those sweets! I can't!
Just read synposis of 's hockey movie "Hit Somebody." Isn't Seann William Scott in flick called "Goon" w/ EXACTLY same plot?
that was, I think, what one of the comments suggests, that the author was given an ultimatum to get traffic or move on.
Dominating :) And it looks like startupgrind is too!
Glad ur happy bo!!!! RT": Its feels good to be loved & happy"
First sweep of the season
My first Romance Novel...."Lost Lady" by Jude Devereaux....I was hooked there after. Not one of her books I haven't read to date!
NFL Rumors: Updates and Info on No. 4 and No. 8 Pick - Bleacher Report
When nobody wants to be in class until your teacher says I need volunteers for a party and you'll get mad credit if you do
I'm so happy I get to start my academic internship with next week.
Hello Fellow bikers. I have been building bikes for 20 years. Have a look www.spcarbon.com #bicycle #carbon fiber #road bikes
you should eat your prizza on your broat or jetski... that would be cool
When will I become popular enough to have a fake twitter of me? It can give out fun cleaning tips.
I wanna go out and do something else aside from laying down and doing nothing
#SchoolMemories getting good report cards
game day pumped up !!!! Let's go giants !!!
Thought for the day: Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thin
Glee - Black or white (Official video / Full performance)
Sketched up a web page wireframe on my iPad using Adobe Ideas. I can use it as a template for some quick design ideas with clients.
Fuck you Eli Manning so much more hatred now then I did before last night I hate him more then Peyton.
NBPA will hold a mandatory meeting tomorrow to update player reps on next steps since they wont be accepting the owners offer.
Sorry I was too agrivated yesterday to post yankee gold glove winners...oh wait, there were none.
“: new shirt should be nick Johnson's stash.” I concur.
Beautiful day today!!! Enjoying cocktails with the friends on 3rd Ave in Bayridge!!
It's because we fear we're not as good as we sometimes think we are and one day the world will discover the awful truth!
I've got my fingers crossed for you. Hope the damage estimate isn't too high.
The better part of one's life consists of his friendships. A Commitment to Honor: A Unique Portrait of Abraham Lincoln in HIs Own Words, 76
That terrible moment when you're enjoying a burrito and suddenly it's crunchy.
Thank you for the support!!
Talk to me when it gets 40 C there like it will here tomorrow.
#J202 Remember if you use all your good jokes in the practice, have new ones in the final presentation.
so tired. been cleaning since late last night. my house is going to be the central locale on this grad weekend.
Party in full swing!
I'LL make my job at publix fun so I'll make money & not have a shitty time.
In exams, we look up for inspiration, down for desperation, left and right for information
You know you want CURRY for DINNER...the only question is LAKEVIEW or the LOOP!!!
"If we don't win for these kids, then we gotta get real. We gotta come prepared to fight more," says
lol just woke up
you have an army of doggelgangers.
ha ha you need to tweet those actors/actresses and see if you can be an extra in it! ha
who says I DON't have feathered hair?
Hello to you as well!
SERIOUSLY! Marc sounds like he has downs, I don't even follow Eric, and Jared team hops as much as he changes his underwear.
Linking to outside sites is a huge change for us
Incredible D tonight for Milwaukee so far and the Twin Towers aren't even in yet.
you mean you aren't moving back???? :-)
nebraska is bringing the rukus! Don't be hating!
make sure yall go download #skyyjones 2 just released today
Spread the word about the Alliance Facebook page. Encourage your friends to like us!
I think with any of these types of things there has to be care taken before bashing a point of view
AGP IS NOW PUTTING TOGETHER BEATS FOR THIS MIXTAPE WE NEED YALL TO CONTACT US ASAP 7047284808
For the same reason I think of you every time I see a 40oz...
Yes i do fill like i could be a freak! It been a long time 4 me!
FinancialBreeze planted seeds yesterday.............!
that's so nice!
What's everyone thinking on this #Chiefs draft? Decastro? Kuechly? Trade Down? Trade up? Let our time expire & be the renegade of the draft?
Just a reminder that we will be closed tomorrow for the holidays - Monday July 4th. We hope to see you on Tuesday when we re-open!
i know right!!!! #NSN3D is getting better when u keep seeing it!!!!!! ive seen it 20 times already!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Reunited and it feels so good!!
What really struck me this year were the number of picture books by African-American celebrity authors -- 25%
Its time to release the beast!.. Where the eff is my Monster?!
We do that too, lol! Sad, wish more docs would at least have them try it for 30 days-what is the harm?!
Getting batteries for my watches-Time will be ticking away soon
#TwitterLogic RT : Everytime I don't see the game we lose
that's right!
Damn I'm just catching up on more tv news. Looks like I lost 3 more shows PAN AM, RINGER, and THE RIVER. I'm going to stop watching tv :-/
ok im done with that
Although going to the gym would have been great, watching Gilmore girls was satisfying. :)
Congrats to the Murray State Racers for punching their ticket to the big dance!
good wheels make all the difference. Weight, aerodynamics, more giddy-up! <3 <3
Faithful follower on twitter and xm, please sign me up for the S3.
Drive home flipping thru the radio, 104.3 was playing Ja Rule... needless to say I didn't change the station
Happy Holidays from the mphoria team!
One of those days. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I noticed there's no "print" function in Wave. :-)
If Yanks sign both Ibanez and Chavez is Nunez out ?
This sucks!
Yes, Only Loaf Can Break Your Heart
My good buddy wrote this terrific play. Please share/retweet and go see it this week!
ahahaha you stalker(;
Want to make quick, easy cash? BookHolders is hiring on the spot! Come in to the store today!
. Legal pot's pretty popular. As for crack advocates, why should they be only activists to advertise their unpopularity?
yaaaay:) love you too dear
not positive on where I'm going to go next, probably 92nd and Beloit though!
Omg this got me soo excited lol<U+E056><U+E056>
#don't share your twitter id and Password any one, any site, if you give may be it hack by another person.so be careful.
Great job today !!
I'm wasted & this is a bad fit. Stay the course CLE“: #Indians are already very left-handed. Johnny Damon is one more lefty bat.”
What do you think of #Walmart being in Bellevue?
you sure missed it! Let's get together with Wes soon to discuss the rough cut.
always had a soft spot for the early Ez of the teens & 20s, "the Pound era." He was downhill all the way from there, alas x
I own too many yellow accesories
so true so true.
Heavy is the head, Lisa... Hah :) How are things in Oz?
Wow. #smallbizchat is 3 years old! I've only been tweeting a year.
The wyman smells so bad today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
um, this conference has free coffee. love.
Last few moments of glory? Lets be serious hahahaha
where the heck are you ? COME ON BARDUEX IM WAITING !! just pulled into office !!
Lololol I crack myself up
At the Ricoh arena listening to former 400m european, commonwealth & world championship gold medallist
John's Homemade Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Ice Cream is done.
#OneThingIDontLike stupid people
Great to see you at #iabcseattle Morning Manager at Microsoft store. Looking fwd to on 18th!
copy and paste haha lol help me
private insurers demanded double-digit premiums increases every year.
I HATE allergies! I'm miserable today!
Melo realizes that STAT isnt reliable
Yes without help, just saying he's not gonna stop rondo from doing his thing all the time - i beleive ET will get Ray?
miss you so much!
Wendy, thanks for the follow!
Now your just somebody that I used to know.
Hope your day gets better!
our producer described us as Metallica meets Queens of the Stone age, we're okay with that haha
I had a good time at #MingleMondays. My brothers always take good care of me. I love you guys
#listofTurnons A great personality... Ha ha ha jk
"Ashton Kutcher playing Steve Jobs in a movie? That should be really good!" - absolutely no one on the fucking face of God's green earth!!!
your funny
TUNE IN Radio Freedonia on WTJU TONIGHT at 11pm as members of invade our studios to spin heady jams and talk nonsense
no excuses. just have to step up. a hockey team with their backs against the walls is a dangerous thing.
I already did
If you have a hangover today, it is the world's way of letting you know that you aren't really Irish.
Gordon Beckham swings at ball #4 & #5. Good job asshole...
no way! I'm not some low-class alcoholic! Pfffttt!
eh nothing good on tv tonight.
And at least we can all agree Aliens is great, even if it's not the favorite
Do you think the alternative slogan for "Getting Lucky in Kentucky" was "Let's F**k in Kentuck"?
Commitment to a big dream always brings reinforcements.
Awful busy today, can this wait till tomorrow?
Corruption is not necessarily tied to the people that make up the government, but the institution itself.
m good morning
well heck I,m so proud of you Sara your just so sweet & healthy I think your trending very well ..haha
You and the rest of your crew need to come to NYC and have a workshop :)
Ok then
Do not use a high-gloss glazed tile in rooms that are prone to get wet such as bathrooms or kitchens cuz of the slippery nature of this tile
I've been getting really good cod parking lately.
no, i forgot all about it. we should look into going next month though. i'm still interested too.
Thanks for sharing - have a great weekend
I would like to add turn off the light to that SHUT THE DOOR recording.
I would say the global message of all ads on this bus is "CONTROL" diabetes, terrorism & the flu. But then there's the #wmata ad.
still too much to do. sometimes i really want to just stay planted
Reading reading reading writing reading reading...
i would really love a king missle reunion show!
First night was cool! Seen my old hoes!! Had a great time<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>!
21sr century librarian help people navigate info ecosystem; 20th century librarians were gateways to information.
sure, Wednesday?
#JustRemeberThat I will always be here for you no matter.. unless your a slut
This is a great site on #LGBT related news and the Arab world. Thank you for sharing
Been watching Parenthood on Hulu and it's been making me cry, though I was probably an easier target than usual today.
Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing. ~ Warren Buffett
My reaction to THE AVENGERS? I saw it 3 times on opening weekend and plan to see it again this weekend.
Thanks for the segment.
Need more creative thinking 2b successful in business according 2 D. Pink. Interesting 2 me b/c teach dyslexic kids.
We pride ourselves on customer service. How was your recent experience with ?
I have no shirt to put on today <
": Vision is not enough; it must be combined with venture. It is not enuff to stare up the steps; we must step up the stairs."
Coach payne is at my school.!
see I'm the chick that didnt think Robin hood prince of thieves was good either.
It s the one everybody disqualified, that God calls to the front of the line.
- What sort of items are you trying to have appraised? The link requires a login.
right? Inspiring on so many levels.
i will when i get home! <3
Got to agree w/ Bill on a broader level, tho I def listen to music from that TH period more often. Love Talking Heads!
": I call u hoe lol RT : Got blue dream in my blunt...wanna smoke" no you didnt
Got my trippy kit ready! Off to party with and !
Having to take a cold shower<<<
Just saw a Benz priced at $299,995, and thought, "Hm, one tire could probably pay for a year of UT for my son..."
man you are so beautiful ;)
My apartment seats 8 comfortably but there's not one person in their seat, standing room only!!! HOOK'EM HORNS!!!
currently listening to: Beatallica rehearsal demos....
Keep your hopes up high and your head down low
Lounicorn!!! You're using twitter! And playing the JCard game! I miss you!!!
Yep, same one!!
my mom hasnt given me and answer yet! :/ but I dont think it's going to happen, since I have finals all that week
I Think More Women Would Talk To You If You Stop Introducing Yourself As “Cool Breeze”
wow. Thats great. And yeah very fast. What do u like about Denver? Besides me. :-P
some of us appreciate the realness
#Cheeps 2 weeks in advance....
RT: “: Tonight: Heading to Juilliard (oh, fancy!) at 8 to hear trombonist 's recital.”
not sure if I told you but my bday was awesome. I'll try to write you soon or something.
i wanna see
Lol, I said this once and I'll say it again. That case sent bad messages to the world about abuse in general.
LeBron has to take the last shot...
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Announces First Quarter 2012 Financial Results Teleconference and Webcast
... Justin V. Plays 4 the " Detroit Tigers"
When you're stressed, You eat Ice cream, Cake, Chocolate & Sweets. Why? Because stressed spelled backwards is DESSERTS. Mind = Blown.”
I'm sorry....did you say something? ;-)
You may have history with her but you have chemistry with me.
And now I cry... because I understand now.
I say love, it is a hunger. An endless aching need...
UH YEAH SMH RT...do yall think its wrong to like other people while your in a relationship??
thanks :-) lol did you do the sonnet ?
I know me and are bout to! I need that 640 million haha
full night of sleep is a pipe dream anymore.
Happy birthday to sam and grace. 11 today and a blessing!
Its impossable to write a story during school when "You Da One" by is stuck in ur head!
Why was I soo tired today?
is that a pickle?!
RT Ditto! It's on mobile devices, too! I'll be watching on my iPad at the office!
Agreed! Gonna go crazy..
Primary elections are around the corner. We interviewed the mayoral candidates! Check it out at www.kylexingtoncommons.org
You're a little behind, its 5-2
and you kissed me like you meant it. and I knew, that you meant it.
Amazon doesn't pay taxes, preys on publishers, destroys the book industry. What else?
gotta be a center and guard.
Thanks for the folo and your common sense!
Spring has ARRIVED!!!
ok follow me too please
Off To School! :)
work, work, and more work
Find a fabulous fit TODAY, Saturday May 5: Shoes in women’s sizes 10.5-13 and men’s sizes 14-16 at 30-50% off regular prices.
You would copy us, copygram. You would. ;)
No Newt is good Newt? Not here yet. Lots of Palm Beachers.
don't we all ..
I wish I could've gotten it on video. The guy sounded like a horse.
Now off to see , Denise & Carly...gonna b a GR8 night w/ more GR8 friends who r really family too :)
Vincent IT completed eBook application for IOS to provide custom made book reader as Apple's app iBook. It has all features like iBook. One…
Loving everyone from this show and the show.
everything is most excellent! :)
Spray paint and fedoras. Must be time for Halloween in
I wonder if I have hw.....idk.....how can I check?????leaves me wondering
switch90 is one of many scammers.. beware!
Start your weekend off right!!!! 10% off by mentioning Twitter or FB at Mr.Bill's. Offer excludes cigars, tobacco products & Kratom.
It's just a jump to the left!
Anyone want to go skin up #alpental tomorrow?
#dhtrial someone said I think " was she happy" man emerged from the room who I saw with the parties earlier.
Such an early morning! wowza! result of bedtime at 11pm!..yes 7am is early for me...
Are you going to see Cinematic Titanic at this weekend? Valet park at Beta and stop in for a cocktail before the show!
if its not success, it didn't catch my eye. sawry.
Thank you Mr. Gordon! We hope to see some of your work in the festival this year.
Did you photo come yet? You would think if I got mine you'd have yours by now.
i love your chocolate and am inspired by your story.
There should be a coffee table book of the stuff people do to the posters in the subway station. Best pop art I've seen in yrs.
sorry can't help you on that
happy birthday!
I just ousted Obama as Mayor of Our Nation's Capitol
Bobby Light brings the heat!
#FromThisDayForward I shall go out into the world and make a change! No. I lied, I'm gonna continue stalking Justin on my computer.
Feeling inspired. Art time it is
I'm so sad bout Whitney.i want 2 say Gone too soon but i no: our steps are ordered by the lord.. whitney Elizabeth Houston - Well Done! RIP
the bulls game is on dog.
It's been good Tennessee... Heading to Florida tomorrow! Time to get my tan on :)
you are sending me the same message over and over
That's dope, she'll love it!
"And I will hide you when it gets too rough. I'll be right beside you."
Dang half of our City smells like delicious BBQ.
I will be on QA Sat--2pm?
Just arrived in Las Vegas. So excited for #ASW12!
Thanks for seeing it that way, instead of as a sign of creeping insanity... :)
thanks :D
Ain't Nobody Got Time For That....
gtg to damn skool...it should b an illegal form of torture
#NowPlaying My favorite “Zoe Wants to Sleep vs. The Nice Day” Only one can win!
#What2ChainzWouldSay My Phone I got mad hoes $$ Long Like a jews nose Got 10 Fingers & 10 toes yo Season Over Like Derrick Rose
aww your perfect. So perfect. <U+2665>8
Would surprise me if UCLA can get Peterson from Boise St. for $3 mill a year considering he turned down same $ from Stanford a year ago.
good morning!
Trayvon's mom. Wow. What a courageous and admirable woman. My heart breaks for her.
#HappyMothersDay to my mom and all the beautiful angel mothers in heaven! Xoxo
bot to wake tha kids up!!!
Tomorrow's issue features a special eight page section for the 's 120th anniversary. You don't want to miss it!
hit his own trainer man! Heavy weight division needs something to light it up. This might be it
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Hey...prayers to R Kelly..he is in Chicago as you know, and had surgery yesterday, just announced here locallay.
fur real doe bro --> Honestly man/woman that really happened and I couldn't believe it #GhettoTranslations"
some nice places will give you a shoulder massage and paraffin hand treatment. Place next to my office gives free champagne!
I LOVE One Direction, But that Niall is Defiantly my Favorite<3 he's Just So Cute (:
I'm married to such a dreamer. Always have to bring him back to reality. Good thing I'm crazy about him.
for sure :)
I go there all the time, but I'm in canton. There are no other close options I walk to except canton sq or royal farms
What grade is your daughter teaching in Hamburg?
seriously i dont think i can study anymore #honestly fuck it
if I did, it was unintentional. I don't watch Seinfeld
Am I the only one who thinks Peyton made a horrible decision going to Denver? Was San Fran not a perfect fit?
Glad to hear it. Thought you'd find hipsterville amusing....
Roll Tide!!!
There's nothing quite as exhausting as 12 hours at a hospital. Unless of course, it's 24 hours at a hospital. Sigh.
Perfectly timed w/ the #MadMen return, we're throwing a retro bash on May 17 at our new theatre.
He's so corny and cute, I like him lol :]
it's ok I'm just givin you shit lol, but I'm well just tryin to take over the world ya know
haha I feel like I've gained but today a friend who hasn't seen me since I was 135 said I looked thinner so...maybe not :P
there are ans in Dallas?
that would actually be quote amaing :D
We've received many questions on how to achieve a balance in life, so we'll use #puzhentips. Feel free to join the discussion!
We have added new video games to our arcade! Come in and win the best prizes in Houston!
pool is open (:
Oh Man... The opportunities that have been presented to me, are being SEVERELY CAPITALIZED upon... GOD is AMAZING....
Never laugh at anyone's dream. People who don't have dreams,don't have much
Why do you do this to yourself? Wtf
Our fans get it. Much love to all of you.
I'll go back on my other account - (:
Late night thinking about this one life, chances & choices.... Oh the things I want....and want to do.
Listening to on my drive home from work. Listening to "Whisper" right now. Check it out on iTunes and youtube
how can i help our veterans from my home please thank you
Why is it that when tv announcers say D-Backs it sounds like d-bags. I think its funny. Say it yourself. You'll see.
i may look innocent but do you really think thats true.?
Today in Blues History: Dr. Isaiah Ross recorded “Country Clown” and “Dr. Ross’ Boggie” in Sun recording Studios on November 29, 1951.
"Leaders must know where they are going if they expect others to willingly join them on the journey." -Kouzes & Posner, Leadership Challenge
Friday the 13th
Thank you for the link love re: FRG! Man, I love you.
RT : Our bags are packed. Looking forward to seeing many of you at the booth 320, Tim Lott is speaking Friday.
just watched shutter island last night man! I thought it was pretty good!
Some folks might feel threatened I guess, but many just believe it's immoral and that laws should defend morality.
#Rain #rain go #away #thats what all #my #haters #say. PrincessCiera
er, in torrance
Is it seriously possible to be as sick as I am. I thought super moms don't get sick. We work, we wipe, we bathe. We don't get sick, dammit.
aww, tell mama von philbinhausen I say happy mother's day!
Loving my hometown of #Milwaukee aka drunkest city in #USA but missing my Lawrence bros
Thanks 4 the Cuban intro class :D
Thankful QT : Thanks girl! Yours too! RT : cute avi!!
See you at ! RT : I am tags biggest fan!! I can't wait to see him in long beach..our first time @ that course!
Scientists concluded in a study that men who are under the influence, but not legally drunk, were faster and more creative then when sober.
Just beat in rock, paper scissors in front of people enjoying their chipotle, they stopped and applauded for the winner.
How's that ass holdin up?
...and tweeted about it at the same time!
Thanks for the mention! Did you like the show?
Need some new sounds
Just like these hoes for everybody oomf is for everybody too
yes! I'm going to be more active. I've been going through a lot this semester. I finally got my grades back from England!
just tuned in and so what my Seminoles are doing,and damn,that too freaking awesome.go noles.
Don't know yet, but probably. KJ safe, MM in jeopardy. Can't imagine WL will be the other one in jeopardy. Ugh.
Listening to the audio book The Greatest Networker that Ever Lived. Excellent book!
i want and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (:
#SometimesIGetsickof always being angry. .
RT : Still feeling the high of last night's concert! That was some good holiday cheer!
OH MY GOODNESS LUCKKKKYYYYYYY!!!!! :O
That's a good one. With works in progress, I always worry there's a scene I forgot to write down but think is in there.
aight im out.
#IWishYouKnew How much I miss talkin to you!
I own some those stocks, but all of them near their 52 week highs gives me pause.
Yesterday, I learned that tutus aren't just for the ballet. They are also for St. Patty's Day.
Not cool! It seems as if recovery takes longer now, unless it's just me being an IMPATIENT PATIENT!
Don't give up this lead!
u listent to those tracks yet
I'm tired tired tired!
I love me some Ace hotel, but they've gotten pretty stingy. so sneaky. They give ya $25, but ya gotta spend $100.
1st is the worst, 2nd is the best, 3rd is the one with the hairy chest and that sold the most songs on iTunes. Well done
just found out that i cant go home till next friday
Same here.
working on money
Yup, sure am... living in Old Regent. Have a good first day!
can't wait to see your #loveyou makeover tomorrow!
What's the best app for managing multiple twitter accounts?
At we've shifted from content creation to curation & interacting w/ audiences in the places where they are
Of course! The hair. My hair's too perfect. That's what it was. I feel better now.
I dont always shit in public but when I do I make sure its in a handicap stall
im not seeing the prestige in this stat!!!
hey - you're in LA? Drop by the CfA / open plans happy hour tonight 8-10pm at Library Bar!
oh my gosh I can imagine, where is that?
Ill even settle for waffles in the toaster <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
. saved the US auto industry.....you're welcome
Those are some of the weird things I find on the internet. SMH.
riding solo
Vinson Neighborhood Library/Hiram Clarke really innovative. A gym and a library!
nothing much how are you
I live down here. WAY more to it, but the misinformation in beginning formed opinions. Cant debate this on here
#nplead One important aspect of a high quality leadership development is that there is constant feedback provided
cool .. no problem :D
Northeast Ohio wants on Cleveland's Late Night Talk show for Cleveland's station!
Orlando scares me...it's like drawing Crawley Town in the FA or Cardiff in the Carling...
I bet you can feel my glare right now.
Nokia workers followed Egypt lead & staged walkout protest over Microsoft deal but used flexi-hours to do it! Now that's people power!!
Piano practice to the MAX!!!!
We provide access to affordable, quality bikes to those in need.
I know... But yes I did get my daily oxygen ! Did you get yours ?
Kind of digging after using for some time. What Twitter client do you use?
Rx2you.com is focused on helping those in need with Prescription Assistance.
After hitting 9740 doors and making 1915 voter contacts this past weekend, we couldn't be happier to see Earl Ray Tomblin remain
« Boy on My TL so lame Smh»
Thanks for registering for #UMBCsocial. We look forward to seeing you at the unconference on 1/27!
If you have been able to see further than others it's because you have stood on the shoulders of giants.
'I just want someday for every citizen to be able to marry the citizen they love' - #winstonsalem resident on amendment banning gay marriage
5000 feet 10 miles and 4 hours later I am back in the real world.
Most relationships are like Rick Ross, they don't work out.”
Maura, are you going/at the SAA meeting in Memphis this week/end? Would enjoy the opportunity to meet & talk.
You know it's not a good day when u find yourself wanting to be working :/
Reason #1 why working for yourself is so great: when websites don't work, you can walk away and come back to it later. :)
lol....probably so
My daughter is taking me 2 c Mary poppens 2morw 4 bday. She said she thinks tomorrow will be the best day ever!
In the sequel they take their capers to Mexico
Yay it's Thursday..only one more day standing between me and the #weekend :)
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 46
free burrito from baja fresh!! print coupon out online =)
Fun afternoon at the Georgia Dome. The Bucs didn't win but they hung in there.
is awesome, but miss #superman on the bongos like
What's everyone doing today? I need a buddy for tonight.
I figured. Site says TBD but wouldn't make sense to randomly take him out.
Thinking you need to bring back some of the salmon scramble from the #currentbreakfast !!
Today in 1867: U.S. Secretary of State William Seward reached agreement with Russia to purchase the territory of Alaska for $7.2 million
Damn blocked me.. she must of gotten mad after reading my tweets after I slammed her last night. At least she read what I said
Superbowl Sunday!!!!! What are you doing for the game?!
La Fin Du Monde!!!
Yay it was fun! You deserved it:) Next up viewing party!
i had to go on the mobile website (:
There are some people I just don't want to hear using the word 'super', like the president, or my gynecologist...
Oh, to write about cats or business...How about both? Happy Weekend!
are you still in k town?
Actually, the asparagus WAS pretty nice. #ohaustin = Oh Austin, you make me do strange things and like them.
North Carolina #brutal. You'll learn!
Newt, fellow Hershey Resident here. We met on plane to Hono back in 1999 or so. Still list that as #1 evt over 4.5M miles.
uh ohh... Is there trouble? I got yer back:)
consensus authorship = low lexical diversity... hmm
Casinos Internet - is it a scam?
Colin firth<U+2764>
Moon is a cold-blooded killer. No two ways about that.
Don't play brown eyed girl in your cover band...
To achieve greatness, sometimes that envolves bringing out the best in one another.
Who's watching Clips/Thunder? Excellent game! Who's ready for some ?
You're so welcome! =)
getting a paper cut on your toe >>>>>
Hahaha my older brother thinks he can hit me BETTER LUCK NEXT TIME DUMBASS I can freakin deport ur ass back to Honduras 4 hittin a minor >;)
Instead of focusing on my training for the CFL I should've focused on my acting! Robert Downey Jr is makin over 50 Mil on Avengers 0_0
Off to Kyma again this evening for dinner - looking forward to another great experience
Hope everyone is having a great weekend! The sun is shinning! Here in Seattle, that's like a free drug!
Thanks for referring us!
#FF on Sunday
Turns out Charles Barkley HAS won a chip. He just keeps it on his shoulder.
did you really just break up with over twitter....
that's the name of my pillow pet ! #ReallyThough. ": Your mom"
are they guys?????
There it is!
AH!!!! IM SO FOLLOWING THE SHIT OUT OF HIM
During a video game guy doing back flips and stuff person that doesnt know what they r doing pressing random buttons staring at the screen
awww any places that are must see....first time there in a week
Yup, agreed. And it's not like I don't get it. They are almost 40 years old and 10+ years removed from that music.
don't cut it :o
I predict the email I just got from is the best - and most important - email that will grace my inbox all week. #kickball > work
It's called Sarcasm Bitch!
I blame mc hammer and silk the shocker lol
Rondo today has the first 20 ast / 17 reb game in NBA history.
Is it unamerican to hate ketchup?
My cats nickname is Romo Lol (:
TRAFFIC ALERT: Head on crash w/injuries at Hwy. 51 and Gray/Town of Windsor. Hwy. 51 now TOTALLY CLOSED in the area. Use alternate route.
So sorry! Can they tell you why? Did they ever test your antibodies? My RE does not do that; but I just asked for it this time
if you like iOS appearance, just download a different like golauncher and customize it to your liking!
Started reading Penelope Lively's Family Album. I want to live in her words.
A5: Yes, unless you have wealthy parents who are willing to hand down their empire.
LMAO! We Can Have Sex The First Night Fuck it YOLO . But If U call Me Talkin bout U Pregnant Its YOYO !!You Own Your Own
Ed Sheeran. That's all that needs to be said.
I put the hug in thug.
I'm convinced NBC pre-cancels shows before they ever air, to fill space until they create another Office or 30 Rock.
I'm really back on Twitter and Santa has already messed up. Michele Bachman got a Cars 2 racetrack and some kid in Iowa got 10 point bump
did you mean that men fall in love with their cars?
Had a dream where I was a waiter serving a burger in which the bun was big slices of summer sausage. Awesome idea, or REALLY awesome?
like to hear how Tilestream works for you and what OS you used. That's my next project.
my roommate would kill me
Have fun at the game ! Tweet us a picture from your seats!
Man that looks so good !!!! Save me one
You must be so proud
Purple City All Day!!
it's one of them.
Bitch wasn't in the gym shooting jumpers with me
Hi jennifer i like avril' she is so cute .
very true but if you're already doing od triathlons then youre halfway there!
I love pot.
NEVER SAY NEVER! AMAZINGG!! I LOVE YOU
I can't believe how amazing your tweets are :DD
that's what all my paychecks are going to ! I'm so excited :D
apc power control: water leak detection system-server room- data ...
:o lies.!! He didn't tell our group who the group leader was. Lol
#AbusiveBoysIKnow cuz he hit linda wit a midget cane...jkjk lol i know it was a "accident" doe bt i wda made yhu pay me like 10
my son pointed out that #dwts played 2 songs in row from animated film, "Flushed Away." Is it movie theme night?
Helene only slightly.
Welcome to Twitter and back to ! We missed you - and in general!
#Vegas, What is the craziest thing you've done on #StPatricksDay? :)
nopeiwouls see it if it were here in la!!!
Mention this post at the Cow tonight and get a tasty $5 rita! Giddy Up!
dear, lil wayne.. get your shit out of zumiez!!
good cause I'm off then too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
thanks! - they LOVE the snow.
that user pic is sort of incredible. Lamb?!
It was so foggy I couldn't find the school so I turned around and went home.
First OJ and now Braun. Love it!
#suWoO To ThE
I did, and the Cider Island!
We won't lose viewers after all! MT : Randall Terry no longer running anti abortion commercials during Superbowl on GJ air
on a party bus right now getting boozed....go g-men
Twitter slams top five spammers with legal suit for selling tools that send out spam tweets and clog up its network.
I have now B-Day me 15 :)
WHY does my boyfriend insist i look like Kate Upton and WHAT can I do to ensure that he doesn't ever change his mind?
Have fun & bring me back a baby ketchup
here's a solution for Strikeforce: make an 8 man Lightweight GP. Enter Eddie + Gil (3 fights) on opposite sides of the bracket.
if I hear him say one bad thing about that show... I'll move his whole room into the second floor bathroom
Thank you for helping break down doors for other African American gay professional men. Your message is uplifting!
are you sure pearl?
lols no you silly!
Agh!!! Why would you use non-UTF-8 characters in a web-only database? It will be OK...
this only solidifies how much I hate the new england patriots
cool(: haha soo what are you doing?
Both twitter and facebook are blocked at my school. I agree twitter is the best for personal pro dev. Would love to use it
gesundheit! Bless u!
Other than me not tweeting very much lately, I don't know why you wouldn't see them. I didn't block you kids...
How does AZ match up to FL for #SpringTraining!
I'm going to see Bruno, you know?
major problem of teaching staff we dig is the conviction that all the things are unbearably cool and must be covered.
It's Tuesday, great day for an Ahi Poke Salad, Kangaroo Tataki, and a Sake Sushi roll Come see for some magic.
Happy 100th Birthday #FenwayPark. Here's to another 100.
Early morning hustlers get the goods first.
I've resigned myself to the fact that I am getting a cold. Going to try some NyQuil and coma sleep tonight to knock this cold out.
: Come out to the Ritz tonite presents the MARS BAND Sewells Point Rd. 6138. We playin live music FREE NO COV ...
Could never forget you sexy :)
Will today be Frank Spaziani's last day ever affiliated with Boston College? I sure hope so!
"An attitude of gratitude brings opportunities." -Yogi Tea
Working on a presentation but lacking the inspiration for it.
If the Pacers are going to make a move over Heat it better be tonight.
#sleep what is that?
Ill check in the am fam RT : how many spins we getting and which one everyone is fucking with?
The sleet is now coming down hard. Probably won't be long until the power goes out. At least we have a low-tech Simpsons jigsaw puzzle.
Don't speak to the man at the wheel. <U+8CAC><U+4EFB><U+3092><U+6301><U+3064><U+8005><U+306B><U+5BFE><U+3057><U+3066><U+53E3><U+51FA><U+3057><U+306F><U+7121><U+7528><U+3002>
Whoa! I didn't know there were 2 to be had!
Thanks MM!
So many great things happening at the end of 2011 and I'm really looking forward to helping even more clients in 2012!
Feed milwaukee holiday gala at turner hall tonight. Doors open at 7
hope all is well, follow back so we can DM
#jjewels is amazing. I can't wait!!:)
you are the GREATEST
Thanks for the RT! are you on AIM?
When does #TurnToYou come out I the USA?
Ring ring rick ross ft future..
A.M. swim in the rain...
you dont go to sleep
lmfao, omg, you would have me throw myself off a building for a panda? you're okay with that? bitch. lololol
IFTTT Triggers Loyal, Nerdy Following
Haven't watched one NBA playoff game smh
:D Love your tweet!
Shower time...
I need to get serious with this music thing
...i see you creeping....givee it up ;D
Cutler, Bennett Touchdown Bears!!!
Awe thanks!<3 and sorry I haven't tweeted you in a few days, Ive been really busy.(:
I wouldn't bother they probably won't even give you the play time because it's all politics and shit it's if your known or not.
awe thanks!<3 your so nice!
Today's #TakeTheSpring #Apr7 rally shows has matured organizationally while maintaining it's spirit. A true rarity. Bravo!
Not at all. I get off from watching. I enjoy all aspects of sex, including the visuals. And I like to maintain eye contact.
yes. just need those teeth (and funds and policies) behind them...
So I'm flying Minneapolis to Chicago, Chicago to Oakland, then Oakland to Burbank??? Who planned this flight?
Up doing laundry. YES I do my own laundry.
You must threaten to shrink his foam!
- the Obama Admin has stopped defending DOMA, and the IN Repubs have pulled their Right to Work for Less bill. Its a decent day.
I hate when I forget to start the washing machine!
Hope bryz zteps his game up tonight shaky the last couple of games
Starting #Singinintherain I could definitely use a good musical, here's hoping it delivers :)
the one night I fall asleep early for a test and I miss a live show from you :/, please do another Soon!
Stop winky facing me too ahah
"Decide what to be and go be it." -The Avett Brothers
Thanks for the follow !!
#ididnotreport because I didn't actually tell him no, there wasn't any penetration and it was kind of nice to kiss him. Still terrible.
Just got the house feeling a little drunk Work in the am -____- has fun tho
idk man. he is looking for some one who can make it to the shop w/in 30 min tops if they are called
Thanks for the RT, pretty lady! I appreciate you hanging out with me at the party! ;)
um I really don't kno
A fish dies by its mouth. ~ Mexican Proverb
100 Followers!Thanks to all that helped with RT.10th person to tweet "join the gang " gets a FREE TSHIRT only 1 tweet so far lol
i thank God everyday we can control our bowels
Good Morning LA! (oh and good evening UK!) x
Nice work and pissing off supporters by not letting RSVPs in at your #SXSW event. Glad I shoot #canon and post to
I'm trying to imagine...
it's because justin is there and let's face it, he IS incredibly appetizing
Snowing all morning. Meant to ride to the market but I have a good excuse not to now, right :)
Our Pearl Store turns 10 today! We're rewarding 10 customers every hour until 7PM! Stop into the PEARL STORE ONLY to win.
we also have like the most lefty batters haha. Matt kemp is a scary mf
Student ownership of mobile devices/smartphones is increasing 71%/year & they are overwhelmingly positive @ use of mobile devices.
I know this is a late congrats but well done #floweralley magic. And just to think a year ago it started in the 2011 Ashland
How about yourself, as a media creative what have you been doing?
Really interesting overview of coffee and brewing - hope they keep this up, it's great education about food.
So watch the Spurs or play GOW 2?
shouldn't you just let them win?
you made me feel better about my Bucks hopes every year on #TBJ today. Permanent letdown.
and for myself! Love them!!
I have seen more guts in eleven year old kids
well, actually, I think it was a couple years ago but thanks!!
Me too. He is an angry, irrational man.
Ooh, good choice! Godard can certainly be tricky. Have you seen Alphaville? The glory of Anna Karina!
Decisions decisions...
Typing incessantly while going 80, on the other hand...
What a relief it is to know for certain that budget airlines are equally wretched on every continent!
Good for you. Race is no obstacle if you don't beleive its an obstacle. Its America, you can be anything you want to be.
I love that I'm a Zumba instructor & that the instructor that started it all for me a year ago, remembers me in every one of her classes!
I dont know how you do what you do.. Im so in love with you
"Well they know how to spoil an old broad dont they?" - Betty White
“: You can’t change what has already happened so choose to look ahead instead of behind you.”
tonight house of blues going to see los lonely boys
Correction- Arri Alexa. Deakins says "Film had a good run."
I freaking love my man so much! He's the best :) nuff said
Woo! updated point total for team Brilliant Violations: 163. #D2L11 #BV (via )
like using sour mix when the menu says lime juice
yea I seen the lil sweater! Brook didn't look like it was listenin to your ass tho! Maybe next time in espanol
As much as we try to give ppl the benefit I have come to realize that some ppl are just dumb. Lol
your Virginian accent barely showed
Thankful for for leading my new member class next Sunday while I'm out of town.
Glad you liked it!
I'm officially signed with the Bicoastal commercial department!! I LOVE Greta & Niche!
Not to mention a possibly dropped Air Jordan cake.
22 people, if I just counted right...
- Use to send REAL drinks, shots, & cocktails to friends & even yourself! Best part is the drink costs $1.00
I have a dance showcase tom!!!! :D
Sorry I can't reply to all your guys DM's, twitter won't let me the last week!
" i'm an over achiever, so how about i start a team of leaders, and pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver"
Breakfast is the best meal of the day. That is a fact!
I guess you could say I'm in love<3
"Better to lose count while naming your blessings than to lose your blessings to counting your troubles." ~Maltbie D. Babcock
#10prettypeopleIFollow um.. all of you guys! ;) <3
I am feeling a nap time
Thanks for the follow.
its really awful unfortunately. The joke here is "I was feeling lazy so I took my bike instead of metro"
Wine and Canvas LA tonight! At Jillian's Universal Citywalk!! Such a fun job! Love spreading creativity!! <3
yeah tensai has clown shoes so he cheats
stay safe guys!
Mom: Why'd you do that to your hair? Me: It's prom, YOLO man! Mom: *Poker face*
I wonder what happen...
“: Whoah, I think I found a fact error on a student's resume? Awesome. #j202” <<-- Fact error or creative copy point?
You know that scene in Greys where Meredith cooks for Lexi and no one wants to eat it? Yea...that is what it is like when I cook. :/
To the lady next to me at bob hope airport serenading our terminal with a dazzling rendition of Ah-ha's 80's smash 'Take On Me'... awesome.
Yeah, I was thinking about how I may never own a Blazers jersey if that happens.
Why am I so obsessed with the the secret life of the american teenager (;
not mine/can't share, but it was months on the X and Awesomeness on the Y, w/ milestones e.g. hiring and shipping. Fun graph
hey girl how are you
J. Cole.. On my way to a scrimmage.. Indiana v. Kentucky when i get home after it.
:) I will be back #forsure , u should join too RT : it was great to meet you also.
Tell me more Rufus.
69 degrees N Central Indiana N early March wow what a wonderful day thankful 4 every moment(even the crankiness of little one needing a nap)
*yawn* showed up to the tree playground and totally forgot to bring anything to do :P
com — Tomb Raider developer Crystal Dynamics announced today that Cory Barlog has become the newest member of its development team
Love new Spiderman lyrics: "I'm a 65 million dollar circus tragedy.." "I hope he doesn't fall...." what are they trying to say?
I am confused by the provincialism of this #ourpark campaign. Does DC want young professionals to go home?
Had to hook up tables mixer and vid set up, so many cables looked like I was building a damn bomb lmao
dumped dump dumped ha
"'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' Renewed For 3 More Seasons" #huffpost Proof positive: There IS a God!
Question: Why do YOU want to see online poker legislation pass?
RT : Business Insider: When you count the #unemployed, underemployed and discouraged workers, only 47% of the work force is...
After watching buried life I wanna do that!
Kinda wanna slide out tonight.....hmmmmnm
Grab your gasmasks
Quote of the day: "Awesome people are named Emily." - So true,
its 12:03 am here. HAPPY 16TH BIRTHDAY. :D
Hey Hon and how are you??
#DEFCON: good talk about capturing stray RF signals and data leakage. Easy and cheap, hippa implication.
"Stuffed cabbage" makes me giggle
Replace me
Picture?? RT : someone's trying hard to bring overalls back into style
Watching #cyberbully & I'm about to cry :(. My heart & prayers go out to anyone dealing with this <3
Nah, his baby mama was better looking :) RT Whew I thought I was the only one there for a bit lol
yum! Then you need to come visit me sometime! Ha. I'm not there tonight though.
Nearly every elem school teacher in KY would teach social studies.
indeed bro
Well in that case, I guess I'll be seeing you at the University of Michigan later this month.
Thanks for registering for #UMBCsocial. We look forward to great conversation with you and Rob M. on the 27th!
on the airplane on my way home :) i have great company :) umm an actor from Hunger Games? oh yea :) im having a great time :)))
txting my bf to give me a goodmorning kiss at school
Which is my fave of the contraband books? I'm reading Zinn's A PEOPLE"S HISTORY. Intense. All about the 1%. U?
This is heavy.
I need a lover. And a fighter. I need someone who will fight for our love. will you be that someone?
I just wanna move far away, and start over.
the reason to tweet at Gery is for the exact reason we are having this conversation. Only people that follow him...
Almost to 700!!
So it wasn't a stretch, you mean? lol
RT : Hey ! Some of us girls from are coming to the #biztimes expo on 5/17. Heard you're doing a seminar!
*stands in corner*
Long work week
Zayn is always hated on ppl saying he's a terrorist -_- well people say I'm a russian spy/terrorist just cause I'm russian japanese irish
nice tweeting shortcut. I am going to start scheduling tweets!
Ew retainers feel weird
IM THE BIGEST ROBERT GIRL(: #RobertsGirl!!!!
shut up! <U+E411>
just did
I don't live in Australia, so I don't know why I need to know that. I'm not so mean that some1 would kill themselves over me.
White girl did you Violate the Collective Bargement Agreement!! >>> john Phipps told me
RT : Always love a great healthy cocktail recipe! "Green Sloshed: Organic Cocktails for a Boozy Earth Day":...
When I try & pinch you.. you run away like a little..... bahahaha
come on into safari cup coffee.....mention the tweet & get 50% off your breakfast sandwich & coffee
umm im friends wit him now my name is state_gurl14...i didnt know u had one. we not chattin now though
got alot of things to do
I actually wanna be blocked by some celebs like Lil Kim, or something. :) LOOOOOL
The top gets higher, the more that I climb
Why in the hell have a white guy in one of his pics -___- ew lol
Such a nice day
no prob c;
Through 11/30. The Capital Grille-Milwaukee is offering a special Wine & Dine Wisconsin Autumn Menu- $39 per person.
morning annoyance: because it took instagram so long to get an android app, my handle was already taken. I'm now jordanafp. blech grrrr.....
New York :) You? Why aren't you following me babe?
There will be no problem, as far as holding out on my end," Raji said. "I'm a rookie ...
And increase defense spending by 500% and protect the world for idiots Kim Jong IL and that clown running Iran.
Funk Master Flex!
These aren't my shoes :(
overheard chat that sums up the 1% - my wife went to Harvard, her boss went to Harvard, his boss went to Harvard, the CEO went to Harvard...
#OnlyAtConcordia will the power randomly go out.... KAY COOL! Does that mean going ohm early
The Ravens need to take the energy of the Pats fans and visualize it as their own.
thanks tejaaa :) how you been?
Wait is Cody Simpson dating Kylie Jenner?
Large Format Four Color Offset Press, Digital Printing, Screen Printing for T-shirts and Apparel, Large Plotter for Banners, Stickers, Sign…
4real i here everone says its borin.but who am i 2 judge i never had one aka. "my mom wont let me".
Live your life today and forget the unpleasant things that had happened in the past.
Old-style businesses won't be obsolete, they will actually be an crucial component of this new civilization.
teehee i liked josh's relationship status :P
you can totally do bikram! I like to switch it up between bikram and vinyasa, I like both a lot
The Difference Between A Boy & A Man Is A Boy Will Ask A Girl 4 A Naked Pic A Man Will Ask A Girl/Woman 4 A Pic Without Her Havin Make Up On
Happy to see you R in #ABQ tnite. I was at JWT in NYC & produced the Merrill Lynch spots you were in. Welcome to ABQ!
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.
Just made a Cool Runnings joke at Ricketts and only a few people got it...sad day.
let's talk about this via text, cuz im gettin off hah
nope. Arriving into FTL today.
What's worse than being caught up with everything? Working ahead and then having to do it over because no one else is as efficient as you.
. Awesome work bud
signed them both[:
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 61
Check out The Real Triliogy I new video feat. Layzie Bone on Youtube
Although Grey's Anatomy&Private Practice are 2 of my fave shows ever, but I'm so behind on both I can't watch live. Have seasons on DVD tho.
measuring stick, that is in the mirror...and you have to be better than when you were the day before. From what you have
i was thinking about bristol or dega what the heck i might go anyway
Just because you hope He doesn't does not a factual statement make. The kindness part should be present regardless.
Will #mlanet12 work for instagram? RT : is there going to be an instagram hashtag for #mlanet12 or is the same?
RT Submit, Write, rework monologue and exercise. That's today's morning/early afternoon agenda.
I informed mom that FCD was normal for his age, but then I doubted myself on when it should be addressed. Thanks for the info!
Katie always gets stuck with the crazies like aunt Susan
best 4th quarter scorer...that's not choking...
maybe what they should of done is to have a GA section in the lower bowl in a top half of a section.
I dislike the fact that in 2012 we still focas on the color of one's skin. We should be so pass that.
MY BIRTHDAY IS ON September 1!!!!!!!!! It would mean the world if you tweeted me with a Happy birthday!!!!!! :) <33333
2 hours away (1:15 ish) for the Swayback tickets. Listen to Whip on Post 303 for details.
Off to read Catching Fire!(:
~Interesting!! Thank you!!
Our Pleasure!! RT : Thanks for following!
YAY AUSTIN FOLLOWED US (:
Liquigas Cannondale bike is very pretty. Very simple compared to a lot of them.
#ObamaSummerJobs - Algae Trainer
Thanks for the follow: RT #SCOPEBasel Pass Competition & get a #SCOPENYC 2013 Day Pass!
Every night before you go to sleep, think about the good things that happened to you that day. Sleep in appreciation of them.
\M/etal Up Houston Blood Tribe is coming to town 4/13 to destroy you all with MercenaryX
Start off December right with LOVE OF EVERYTHING, The Daze, and Max Dvorak at Coffee House in downtown Madison! December 1, ONLY $7
Follow for great Twitter advice.
too bad he can't pitch...
r u calling my butt big?? :) RT : anytime, anyhow. I'll ski up and down your soft Miami butts.
How could you go wrong with lychee martinis & ? Glad you & the ladies enjoyed your nights!
Co-founder of Pinterest is saying they are redesigning their profile page, and that should roll out sometime this week
Guess my audience for Jason & Lizzy is shrinking. My 5 year old is too young. Wonder if that means 6-10 or 7-9 year olds?
So amazing and inspiring!
you know what? that's it. I'm gonna say it. I think Dev sucks on
lol, i'm scared to ask my mom if she'll let me camp out.
aw have fun and be good!<U+E405>
Come on, catch one of these fuckers who are booing in a super close up.
just got some Stewie pajamas!!(:
unfortunately, no...
#ICantEvenLie I'm in love with you...but the sad part is you don't love me back
No one watches you to be 'only human'
Thanks for the follow Justin Menard (justinmenard)! :)
Have we mentioned that we have a tape machine now? We will be making things sound "warm" and "punchy" very soon...
seriously people...i'm not here to make your lives better...i need to make my life better(:
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
- Lots of loss for Oklahoma lately. :( Keeping his family in our prayers.
Ok, ok, you're getting warmer, at least you're in the southeast :) Please come to Charlotte, NC this year!!
hahaha the call me maybe song we remix it to "Follow us maybe!!" hahaha or we should talk about forks?
!! ": It's strange watching something we lived through not so long ago ... #GameChange"
Do you think WBC loves their children? Seems so strange, putting them in harms way at protests. Is that Child endangerment? Just curious .
God Has Blessed Me
Time to watch Halloween 1 & 2 the Rob Zombie remakes! Happy Halloween!
As of today I LOVE Ann Romney
Awww! is it Mr.right :D
Fly by night?
that's what I remember her from, too!
been meanin to let u kno that video touched me
will u be at tonights game?
RT It's times like this when I can't help wonder whether Lincoln should have let the South go.
Had SO much fun with you! Thank you for everything!! <3 Let me know if you need a dancer next time youre in town!stay beautiful!
The breakfast at the Hampton Inn this morning is a mad house!
I Kick The Niggas Out & Let Tha Money Stay .
I hatee the limit our characters in eachh post ! Loll I always have soo much to sayy in just 1 postl! Arghhh. Gotta limit my words.
i followed and liked your pages and everything :)
We ate at the Filipino buffet this lunch for just $6.99. So good! Miss my home..
I'm in tears LOL >“: Hey YOU! Yea YOU! I see u tryna fold up that colts jersey...naw don't be Tryna switch it up now!!!!!”
Peace comes in the shadow of faith.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
#E3onG4 I wonder If #UBISOFT made #MrCaffeine take a #DrugTest.? I think #MrCocaine might be a
RT “Nothing is so strong as gentleness, nothing so gentle as real strength”
No its Hill Valley although I cant imagine hell being much worse! MT : It's like we're in Hell or something.
Art by Tim Stapleton and confections by Pastrygirl -- it's the best First Friday ever!
me either until a few minutes ago. but from who posted it...it doesn't really surprise me haha
Without you
The people who remain somewhat popular after being on a talent show like Idol or X Factor are almost always disappointing.
its absolutely terrible how little we care..
I used to be a very foolish girl...I refuse to be a foolish woman sn: Oh what a fool believes.
My sign says THIS SLUT VOTES
Yesterday I also slammed on the best meal I've ever had at Ho Ho's =) Man I love that place! My tummy does too haha
RT : I've got a layover in Dallas on my way to California today. #anhourcountsright? // u should hook up w/ In CA
marvel comics made me a lefty
Let's Go Doyers
Tell me this wine geeks! Do you have a favorite...ehem, Malbec!?
Haha work for the city..
New schools listing website: Lycoming College, Gonzaga University, and Berry College
Ok, for the ppl who are "following" me or whatever, please help me figure this out, I'm just not getting the hang of it yet!
thank you love salute <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
First snow
nah I want it in person cuddn so I can see yo face when I beat you ..
lol. I like that. I don't talk to nobody strangers when I'm drinking and having a good time. Excellent idea though.
K Day...I see you
Count your blessings #be thankful
BIG s/o to The album is DOPE!
#InstantTurnOn my future male model coworkers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> lol
oh okay :)
Lakers are doing it again.
Zombies and vampires are very closely related.
Bed! Big test tomorrow!!
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1 of the plaindealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate for Cleveland Clerk of Courts
TY I think Phones are Down but Cell should work. Just not in the Basements. I am sure they r ALL ok <U+2665> Just WORRIED
Prez is here at SDG&E Energy Innovation Center selling tickets for our Clairemont Garden Tour & Expo. Stop by and say hello!
No, we haven't. As long as people like you are saying "Slavery was a long time ago, get over it"
If you're looking at my phone while I'm typing something, you may get elbowed in the face (it's gonna hurt).
Loll, so... i still love sports. If they had a REAL girls football team i would do that too.
,u out ther n iraq?
What's your #SEO doing for your business? www.upfrontconsultants.com. We thank you for your support :)
Dang bro. I gotta get three in a week or two.
Bow bow when she walk with that long silky hair u know she really down she wearin my underwear
bullshit. I also hear the solicitor general did a pretty terrible job of defending it. the liberal judges had to jump in to help
Thanks for the follow!
It's technically for the Senior class... but it's open to the public. Also, the weather is perfect for it.
Good to hear! Kisses to the kids! xox “: Lita Everyone is well. I was just checking on you haven't heard from you in a while.”
Simple Period 3.0 for iOS: Menstruation + Reproduction Tracking Calendar - prMac (press release)
it's depressing and disappointing right!?!/: Lakers are letting me down!!):
Spurs vs Jazz Game 2 tonight!
Thanks for the St. Pat's tweet! Hope to see you at the parade!
Did you enjoy a #meatlessmonday???
Laura Carlo on the air from this am waking up listeners and all of #ClassicalNewEngland! www.classicalnewengland.org
lmao... No I didn't ruin ur life I just CRUSHED them!!! Lmao...
Don't forget me, I beg.
S/O ALL DEM TWERULATORS!
What a F-IN nice day out in Portland
I dunno, the one you created seems pretty epic. Sets the bar high
this is why I love you kim<3 lol
Can't wait for gay wedding crasher season... hot chicks are SUPER easy pickins' at them joints.
Have fun <3
well..it looks like all the Tigers fans are doing a good job of raging already.
yes you are sexy as fuck too bella<3
She had to have, right? its causing major complications elsewhere in the materials budget, of course. my boss is not pleased.
RT ": S/O to my team everybody go and follow...ES party June 16th be ready!!!"
RT RT : On TEDxReykjavik in October I would also like to see Clara
Whose passing was announced at the March on Washington in 1963 ?
less than four hours until Harry Potter time! woo!
you're welcome
this may be true but can you bring it ???? and stop crying about your son and your man
Dont waste your tears crying over someone who doesnt even deserve to see you smile.
where you been THUG PASSION
Ack, did I miss an rsvp too?
I favorite tweets when I find interesting links in them, and use Pinboard to automatically save links in any favorited tweets
thanks stranger! Aren't you amused by my recent Twitter addiction? Ha!
good morning everyone! there's too much blood in my caffeine system, need more coffee ricky tick
The kids who cut today wasted a day on my opinion.
Thanks for the mention of the petition! Paul
do it
it says.jpg and the pic size limit is 700k....the pic i'm trying to upload is only 164k....
Heading downtown to shoot the tall ships---With a camera
Got the news yesterday, wife is going in for surgery Nov 2. Forgive me if I'm not very witty the next couple weeks.
i have had at happend you could get a refund if they didnt warn you about before you purchased the room
This cloud coverage is malarky. Where is my #supermoon ?
haha! Great idea! My goal is to b done by Christmas!
looks amazing!
Apple Announces Independent Factory Inspections
she does this awkward thing with her hands, and told me I'd stayed up all night without even cleaning my room.
Lloyd LJ of the EWCA rules on another KSF Ltd. case (here involving issues arising out of a segregated trust account): [2010] EWCA Civ 561.
dude. #thingsthatmakemesmh ...... GUYS.
hump day is where its at!
I never settle for less.
Something's getting in the way. Something's just about to break. I will try to find my place in the diary of jane.
Persuading Ethan to come out, yay
thx for rock's da runway!
here's just wanna graduate already and move out of their parents house.
is totally
Lets Go Gophers ... Lets Go Gophers ... Lets Go Gophers ... Lets Go
During pregnancy workouts, focus on your back to prevent or relieve back pain, and yoga for your core. Check with your Dr. first!
- I love how they're acting like culture is going to change. This is football!! Sucks to wake up and find out like that.
I think I ate too many oranges today :O
GRAND OPENING: The Man Cave Barbershop $10 adult cuts/$5 children's cuts ($10 cuts year round for military & law enforcement) 770.864.2414
- thanks for a great time last night! Only problem was we didn't have much of a chance to catch up. Drinks sometime before Barr Bros?
stop spamming me. Youre so annoyig. You dont understand how much i DONT care if someone is saying bad stuff about me. Leav ...
I think the reason people love dubstep is because you can dance to it how ever you want. No Soulja, 2 step, Dougie, Wop. U just go bonkers!
I'm listening to "Deuces" by Chris Brown
Want your news published? Send a press release to via
sorry for any confusion...I'm way too wordy for Twitter. :)
Anyone falls in love sometimes, I don't know but you but it aint no crime. (Reggae joint)
But you gotta think, unless you're turning water into wine, Christmas must be the worst birthday to have.
“: Outback did suck!! We never go there and I won't go back.”hate OB!
"She likes Lil bitch ass thug douches" - Anonymous
I DM it to you
Go #Rangers!
I've been watching your videos all day haha
Mornin'! How was your Thanksgiving weekend?
The details are not the details. They make the design. -Charles Eames
I love you too, Gorgeous ;) you mean the world to me... Even when you act like a grandma :P sweet dreams baby
Do you keep your car in a garage or carport, or is it usually on the street exposed to the elements?
id love a copy of your presentation, it was really great! Not sure if I can DM you though..
So glad they brought this production to Chicago! You feel the SOUL! I bet LA would not have sounded this incredible!
- TY for responding to me. I'm a huge fan and love that you are doing this.
Getting ready to go to school *sigh*-_-
Follow my tweets! is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
For fresh variety of news and news video please visit www.tncnews.com
GOOD WEEKEND...BACK ATCHA
ah man, I'm watching E.T. and something keeps getting in my eye.. like, dust or something. *dab*
Gravitate towards prosperous, cheerful, and gregarious people. Never associate with those who share your defects and weaknesses.
NHL and pointless fights
baking fresh bread between working on plan and #RedSox opening day game. & great client calls today!
all my new followers wasssup god bless!!!
Exactly? Exactly.
I didn't look that closely but it seems the attendance is still higher than the average Marlins or Indians game.
Dick Clark died?? I thought he would out life me.
I can't believe I ever thought beer didn't taste good. Cuz It is so refreshing!
oops I mentioned ipad on Twitter... now I am getting spam
i got it for christmas and from walmart :/
Dear students: no, I will not email you your individual grade. You can & should look it up on the secure site b/c email is not secure.
Ordering Physical copies of the album this week!!
Found a folder on my computer called "lifestyle passwords." Don't remember making it, but am curious about contents.
Excellent food & service at Central in Old Town.
grammy time. sup, tweeps?
And why did Wade look like he really was about to fight??
yeah we should :) btw your tweets are awesome <3
Cool you wanna ignore my call and turn your phone off? Two can play at this game. Off to bed! D:<
I will not let the devil steal my joy.
4 oz tubes of (WARM & COOL therapy) NOW available! Contact ur health care professional 4 samples or to purchase! Great gift idea
Ive found if you're the smartest one in your group your group is too small Find people who will challenge you to stretch to the next level
I supported Arlen Specter for president in 1996. Apparently this makes me a supporter of ObamaCare.
Shoutout To Our New Followers - thank you!
I love Glassjaw Boxer. But I don't know that I call them top 3 material.
I just need a week away to figure shit out.
Getting ready for Irene. Going out for #cookies #ice-cream. Essentials according to my family. Wish me luck.
Ok #TigerWoods is All Square and on the prowl with 3 to play!
You Deserve all the Success
Dude, I think I jyst saw Dave Grohl grabbing lunch at Con Pane in Liberty Station. you should have your arts folks look into it.
#ragecomics are about to dominate my iMessage conversations.
If David Prosser can do it to Ann Walsh Bradley, I want to see Ruth Bader Ginsburg put Antonin Scalia in a head lock.
let's set somethin up!
Once a girl was singin ass, ass, ass 2me. This early mornin a dude sings cake, cake, cake. I had to google the songs! :( wTF
Nigga's Gona make me turn Gay ; I Swear to God !
Like a #BOSS lol
Ohmygawd, drama is for little kids. Get outta here with that.
2nd-4th grade, I only wanted 2 things out of life; 1. To be Avril Lavigne 2. Marry Billy from Good Charlotte. GC was the best band ever.
I really enjoyed hitting golf balls last night. Tonight it's time to hit tennis balls. It's all about The Swing!
Hello to Rev Lora! Congrats on the ordination!!!!
Yet another European art institution requests my permission to reprint an article in their forthcoming publication for $0.
Finished my location scouting for tomorrow morning's Swimsuit shoot.
hey guys, most people think that ordinary people cant sing! but i think everyone can sing but in there own unique way! RT if u agree x lol x
Center for Hunger-Free Communities featured in today's : "Experience meets Expertise at Hunger Conference"
redesigning my Capstone poster for the third time.
yay I got my phone back
i forgot how to tweet.
AM 1620, while driving on 90E: "oh hey motorists, the thruway's closed. thought you should know. well, happy driving! enjoy that hurricane!"
All I can do right now is think of crappy times and if I done things differently would things be different? Questioning this a lot rn.
Watching love addiction on tv one, never give up on love. <3.....so beautiful
Working on a pot of french onion soup.....and a bottle of wine.
Oh shit macaroni! i almost got caught O:
rip my prayers are with ur family
We'll be okay. Lots of warm tea and soup this wkend though.
Damn. I was gonna give a "shout out" to from the airplane crapper. Oh well. Maybe when I get on the Space Shuttle.
StoryCorps staff mark stories on a scale for "reproducibility for radio." Is there a way to predict this rating based on numerical data
I'm about to be the girl who falls asleep in the waiting room.
#pinterest may expand platform to include video soon
Can't wait to be at the Double Door Inn THIS THURSDAY for Remy St. Claire CD release party!
How would you get at a guy in class? Lol Seriously, tell me how you would :p
Damn just took all of my piercings out...i feel naked without them :(
Enjoyed Russian Style afternoon tea today at Katia's in SF. Loved using the Samovar.
“: "I'ma take you all the way down" #Smash”take em down take em down down!!
Today has been....
I miss you guys too!!
RT : If you play it safe in life you've decided that you don't want to grow any more ~ Shirley Hufstedler
so Obama thinks LeBron should go to Bulls. How much is David Stern gonna fine him for those comments?
I am? I was last Friday on my vacation. LOL.
so board need something to do ...
I'm too tired!!!
it's a poor #UX that requires all these hoops. I installed this a.m. & all I get is a blank screen w title
In our imaginations we believe that love is apart from us. Actually there is nothing but love, once we are ready to accept it.
The rest of this week I am "Living on the Edge!" You're not going to believe the shenanigans I get into in my live shots! Tune in:)
I just received Christmas presents. From family. Via UPS.
Putting in hard work is the ONLY way to success
Close to tears. I am so stressed.
watching videos of housepets makin friends with dolphins. shit hits close to home.
Does anyone have insider tips on what to do/where to go in Montreal for a wknd? Asking for a friend...
Thanks for the shout! You're the #social #magic that makes #flourish!
If yu say so
So happy you like them! I immediately thought of you when I saw them. :-)
have you given any thought to coming to #philly and checking out the work is doing? It's a great story line!
new job requires me to train for 2 months, I will have a studio in my semi though.
Great pitch froze him
I bet you guys really appreciate us waking up in the middle of the night to watch your twitcam right? :-) x
The money spent on renovating Kauffman Stadium would have been better served in a fan therapy program.
Why is a shutout inning too much to ask for
I did it for about week and then got to busy with school.. But I started to feel more motivated at the end of that week haha
Stop being soo judgemental make sure u fix whats wrong in ur life before u start judging others
Almost one year later: Pakistan says Osama bin Laden's 3 wives and 11 children have been deported to Saudi Arabia.
that's sad. I dread the day we'll have to go through that too. Dogs are 100% love.
Relativity raising $200M via Ron Burkle against ultimates for 'Mirror Mirror', 'Act of Valor', sports.
At the airport super early for once. Had fun but can't handle any more #Vegas for a while
I need to stop being lazy all the time..
It's ok to love where you LIVE but never forget where you CAME FROM...... Cleveland bred me
Best interview question for candidate to ask. Number 4: Where do you see this company (or organization) in twelve to eighteen months?
Hello! Goodnight my dear! Sleep well honey!! Iloveyou!! Keep ur head up!
I really can't wait to be at church this morning! I love seeing you all (Epic Church)! See ya there!
Oh my god can I sleep all day? Nope..? Damn.
RT He's that one person that can make me smile like crazy just by saying "Hello". So true!!!
There is a lot of talk of Jason Booher to Holmes.
Great interview w/ Coach Haith
WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU?!
i love you holland<3
James Franklin and the Commodores already have 9 verbal commitments. Vanderbilt had 0 commits at this point in 2011 and 2010.
right! This is killing me...
Gorgonzola Bacon Burger... couldn't be better for lunch!
You bet! I'm honored. I wonder if they would like to leave a sticky note on it? Thanks! Tell them I said hello from Iowa!
It is impossible to overestimate the immense need that humans have to be listened to, understood, and taken seriously.
Who else is coming in June? Time to schedule a mid year toast & inspiration trip!
follow this sexy chick please..ill kiss u for free if u do
The world should sit down and have a collective beverage at the Old Miami
April 22 The lift off
I'm Madd Nice To People The Only Time That I'm Rude Is Only When People Decide To Get Crazy With Me !
Loud noises!!!!
"Viva il Papa!" at Vatican City all day :)
Guess it's finally time for laundry, cleaning and a work out...if I must...
Hooray! "Soon" for the NYPL open source = before SRP 2012.
Ready to drive a real Powerhouse that meets all your expectations, & then some? Come test drive the #Ram4500! #MelloyDodge in Albuquerque
RT : 4th and forever is the best show
Make time for everything! Don't ever stop doing things you enjoy doing..
Elections and debates are getting more exciting than football
I'm glad I didn't outright laugh!
tonight showed that Boston isn't as superior as they claim to be
On Facebook, there’s a page called Pet Lovers for Obama. I’m going to go check out their recipes. Oh my, this IS fun!
What are the top three music cities in the US?
that's right: doing indesign edits and watching old noir classics
Ghostbusters took over the #1 spot from Tightrope on this day in 1984. Who ya gonna call?
Fully support this. RT : I might have to name my first child Middlebrooks. Boy or girl
no. But I am coming!!!
When's the last time we saw a face off on ? Anyone?
Ok, I know I'm not the only one that gets frustrated by airlines and their constantly changing prices!
Omg the tmobile girl's not wearing a pink dress!!!
I'm not gonna let any asshole get in the way of my happiness.
I see you googled my name.. i tried yours nothing pop´d up
Good morning to you!
Tomorrow it's Cave Creek Park again (near Scottsdale): the mega mountain bike climb . . . May I spend the rest of my days here?
Dialogue from first novel in the April Curran series. "That's not a bald spot," Lucian said, "it's just an area of hair taking a vacation."
In love with the money don't love these hoes !
Please speak on Homosexuality
Just placed a new order of product including restocked Crescent hoodie (+ all new hoodie), New Tee and a top secret Lovesick launch...
"I'll be the first black guy to freeze to death!"
yes girl work!
Good Morning <33
5 minute talk with ? I think so!
add your birthday ideas!
We had so much fun! We can't wait for our interview with Mike tomorrow! We'll be posting pics & vids soon!
hahaha that's you mr. model you..i do not have
I don't think there's a firm answer to that question! I'm glad you're finally feeling better though! :)
in health class right now. GRRR. BORING! Missing my baby girl terribly. Going out looking for a job today. peace.
#malware #disables #Mac New Mac Trojan disables Apples automatic malware updates
blue pear, the newest hipster joint, good texmex food poolside; Dinks is surprisingly good, too.
yes, I was on the end of a "I have to" not that I mind but it's a bit insulting when you know it's really a "I want to"
#time always tell
As well as from those who falsely hide behind it... The U.S. vs Wong Kim Ark was a BAD call that needs to be corrected immediately!
I loved what you guys did, and anyone who takes offense to it needs to lighten up and get a new perspective!
“: nothing like waking up to snowfall.” IT WAS SNOWING THIS AM?
With basketball behind me time to focus on the election (#ISupportSameSexMarriage), the and book design. Varied but focused.
Can't convince people of anything UNLESS you pretend to be sure of yourself.
how have we not crossed paths?
Thanks for the RT :)
Reminder we trade your #carforcash We also trade your car for cash.
oh lmao. I'm a freshman and I know SOLs don't start until Wednesday damn.
Off to sleep early so I can catch the lunar eclipse in the EARLY morning!
Just tapped Schooner Exact's Black IPA.
just pay it forward. when you get out of school and your all smart and what not, and someone needs your help.. make time for them.
oh, and I accidentally stole a gym towel.
Wished I could go to code4lib north. :-( Wil definitely follow twitter backchatter, if any.
Enjoyed talking with Eastlake-Bonita Dem Club & #SanDiego County Young Democrats social tonight. Two great groups of local activists.
Review: With The Iron Lady, Meryl Streep makes it pointless for them to even nominate anyone else for best actress.
Thank you for the mention!
Is there a merchant you want to see in our network? Email
everything's going really well! Just so busy! Moving this weekend, and somehow I ended up with 3 jobs...... Anywho, how r u?
maybe some of these girls got to used the same line too
ya now how to get picked for that part
know what?
He is a cunning bugger, nothing a trip around the Sally Gap in the boot would not cure. No respect for the old ways
I thought of you two because of your global humanitarian work & compassion! Hope this reaches u.
I feel that God has blessed me with great insight. I love sharing it,
Made my own #sushi finally.
Official Fan Twitter 4 the Milwaukee Brewers! Follow Let's make #BREWlievers a trending topic and show support!
What do you think of idea to ban cell phones in cars completely? Anything else you'd choose to ban?
I hate
Thanks for the follow. Look forward to your tweets.
(( chris is endearingly childlike in how he believes ppl should be. I love that bt him.Makes it hard 2 say no))
Good Morning! {{{HUGZ}}}
Just got up watching TV don't feel like getting dressed
Pudge Bros was my fav pizza in ABQ ! Don't knock it till u try it! (Haven't tried it in over a decade. Probably knockable.)
“: Watching the game by myself today! :( #game4 #becauseitsthecup #LetsGoRangers” -- you are not alone. All #Rangers fans are here.
- wow, that was close there in sending Belt. But we'll take
F.S.E in 8th pd today.Some people got big balls its crazy but typical.
I mean come on.. now that's hot. hahahahaha.
Pinko Is that short for Russian? White hate russians, move to Oakland if you dont believe me.
what an amazing time!!!
#2011CIA I'm looking for you Awards! ;) Up in the balcony.
u do to
hahaha I love roller costers and you? :)
Monk was an absolute genius. Unbelievable.
Is your weight-management (WM) just an exercise, or a lifestyle trait? Modified lifestyle (i.e. walk, don't ride) is key. Source: WFU 2011.
Just wanted to say THANKS! to all the peeps that came out to support NFMLA and the amazing filmmakers #youguysrock!
My dog dodoed and got his but whopped lol
Beavs blitz, Masoli lets it fly, great play by DB Lance Mitchell to knock the ball down
I need X to win this.
you and Zack Efron are a such a cute couple together u guys should be together I Love U please follow me!!! <3
Chuck is down to 10k, from 30k starting stack with second nut flush v nut flush.. :-( Nelly is at his table, too!
I fucking love when i catch kid cudi on these talk shows :)
Here's To The Girls Who Have Blue Eyes:)
back in town this week-play date with Jenny and Jennifer?
getting hot here in Texas but nice rain yesterday.
Yay for for getting a twitter account!
When will #Nissan get smart and start "Pull Ahead" program for it's lease owners. Make me want a new Nissan again!
Cool! I Joined!
didn't know he was in town. Would have totally bought those. :-(
follow me please
oh no!
Heading to tonight at 7ish for our weekly outing. Drop in for a drink & say hello!
How was it? never heard much about it....
To those demoted, please respond with facts to justify your acts not excuses and whining. These guys badmouth lawyers until they need one
I’m heartened to hear that I’m not the only one who is constantly looking to twitter for validation, but not always finding it
Holy darkness Batman. I am going to cry.
runnies still on for 6? tryina make three places.
I've written 2 sketches for National Sketch Writing Month!
No, our arg is different: #opendata can powerfully enhance a wide range of diff goals, including acct'bility.
for real!
Caitlin is in the shower. Emilio is on the couch.
yo if we have tickets to downlink at the music box, do we get in to your show? or how does that work?
Good Morning twitter
The feedback & interest received lately is greatly appreciated. Some have asked about our discoveries, we will continue to share links. Thks
: Dividing up territories and friends post-breakup is painful, but taking back domains and e-mail forwarding? OW. OW. OW.
Really? I keep getting too attached to my textbooks to sell them. >.>
What is your favorite song we play at our shows?
buy some extra pints of custard for the team...upset special
watching He's Just Not That Into, too :) love this movie!
No Jim Rome this week? Who will I listen to on the radio? Is fabian calling the jungle this week?
": I want this forever."
The previous tweet results in me stopping at a stop sign thinking its a stop light. Yikes.
A little overblown. Steinmetz takes shots at the Warriors.
Are Blazers fans that pissed about Roy's knees that they are having Oden do microfracture as a dramatic distraction?
You were saying ...
Florida has some of the best dance club DJs I've ever heard.
Great article. I'd been struggling with the logic there. Is ice a drug since it reduces swelling like ibuprofen? (rhetorical q)
Stuffing my mouth with nachos with :)
Watching #blackinamerica with
Thanks for the RT! have a nice evening!
I suppose my 'netmask' test was flawed. Good to know it was as easy as apt-get install netmask ;)
I still know my password buddy, see you tonight tho! Ha
And whose more perfect union are we forming now, with what face of justice, and how tranquil a domestic front?
Casting reality show! Have a friend in a bad relationship? Should they break up? Email your story:
he didn't really answer your Q??
Well, as long as you solved a plot point...LOL
Bring on the dance moves Chris Brown... Love
Next time gadget, next time!
Berryfolks, Fenway has Creamsicle, Coconut and Original now. So even if we're not feeling Summery, we can still eat like it!
Having been the GM of a major public broadcasting station, there is always time to sell. And that's the non-profit model.
Only if we understand can we care. Only if we care will we help. Only if we help shall they be saved. -Jane Goodall
hey gorgeous(: mind following me please?:D followme back austin(:
He's had a good tenure with the Pack, but with Starks/Green/Saine, there's more to look forward to. 4 HB's? No way.
I'm so fucking bored
I saw a car crash! & the guy who hit a limo looked like kris humpries!! or however you spell his name! lol i think it was him(x
CLGL now up 120% hats off to THE EDITOR what a way to start off the week
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)23
Good Luck Today Going for the sweep!! #SECsoftball Tourney is almost here
wanna jump in my car, go wherever you are cause I need you by my side
Fina blow n grab dis bk
Hiding in my bedroom with jams on and wine on the nightstand. Sad only 2 nights left of #Bachelor , until BP3 that is...
You get paid to speak, eh. How cool.
#Fringe renewed for a fifth and final season...that's some great news right there.
Getting better each and ever day. Give all the glory to my god!
BREAKING NEWS: Disco legend Donna Summer has died; stay tuned for more updates.
we LOVED seeing u Janet. U rocked the house!
i can talk on so many different levels, anywhere from the street corner to politics. i have a way with words, a gift n a curse. troof
giggle... If anyone needs to be Razzed about RT'g you... It should not be me! #I'mAFan :)
fruit,nuts,pb and j sandwich.
RT Once #Aquarians made a decision to end the relationship, there are very few chances to win them back
if you have concerns, you should bring it to the library for immediate consumption.
do you feel comments like that help support the diversity and inclusion of D.C? AND of Ward 8?
Mondays are my most favorite and my most unfavorite day of the week.... Who knew *that* was possible!?!
thank you for the follow Josh!
106F. I am melting.
do it!! haha
Officially sick :-(
Cant wait till Aug. to see you guys again. #ChicagolovesBTR follow?
Whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger? That's weird. I just keeping feeling weaker and weaker.
we like that #xtina is not trying to make friends on
Late night bites tonight from 11pm to midnight...pizzas by Pandel and sundaes by Rockman. Perfect night cap!
Stone cold nuts.
often folks have NO clue about their body language, so maybe a semi-unconscious bit of both?
Mississippi State opens the second half on an 8-2 run but #UMass responds with a 7-0 run of their own. UMass leads 50-39
Best race of the day coming up IMO -the Mile. Goldikova alone on top in the exotics?
okay mom damn lol
for Halloween I'm going as Kim Kardashian in her sex tape... Wanna go as Ray J? We could get the party bangin'...ya dig
hey! give us a listen :D. we're new to Vegas an we have two professionally done Cds. Check it out :]
Could not agree more with that statement.
perfect day for lunch outside at the campus. love this place!
SHOUT OUT TO MY SET!!!
That's right. N,Q and R trains sweep passengers away with no left over residue.
doing trading operations at Artisan Partners
Hope to catch your gig this weekend!!
DailyHookahTip#71: For a fruitier smoke, mix berries with the water in the water base. Or even throw an orange slice in with the shisha.
Shout Out To Richie....
Listening to Usher in bed by myself...just a practice run for tomorrow night
I'm interesting in hearing more about your company- link me?
Great seeing you yesterday! :o)
thanks Susie you gem.
“: Mayb she won't then again mayb she will!”
twitter won't let me post a picture!!!! #WHATISTHIS!?!
55% off dry cleaning on www.crowdclick.com!!!
Well just contact one of us to make via phone/facebook! RT i need tickets. :) and you guys need your pictures...
Ouch. We'd like to change that. What's up?
Way to go- have fun :)
Special recipe broasted chicken served with mashed potatoes and gravy, green beens, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09
I'm reading up on the Chicago Manual of Style w/r/t <U+4E2D><U+6587>.
I guess I'm supposed to walk around smiling like Sister Marissa
D: refreshing your page like cray.
So if I get this new job paid rental cars, hotels, food, and paid for travel... I'll be getting reward points like a mutha fucka
Board positions available for this year's show. for more information.
living, learning, giving, earning, no matter my circumstance
Only a few more days to get #ABQuirky ! We are reading through your submissions and cant get enough! Keep them coming!
That depresses me.
Roommate is pressuring me to make decisions. #maybeheisright #dowork #MovinOnUp?
Is this your adopted meaning, or is it the origin as you know of it?
Crap. My crown just popped out.
ewwww!!! r u kidding me u moron
We're working on a few flashmobs and pranks, but not quite ready to go yet. Soon!
Linda Chavez has some serious self-loathing issues.
Please vote AGAINST the constitutional amendment in today's NC primary! If you vote for then you are judging thy neighbor!
"Sorry I wasn't talking to you...I was talking to the computer." talks to himself when writing web markup.
Got on last flight to dc via standby. Scariest flight I've ever been on.
If you don't have at least a little self-doubt you probably aren't doing it right.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.17
Wednesday night at 10, goes to the #northshore and profiles some kids trying to slow drivers down in a unique way.
I'm Presbyterian and will be forgiven if wrong LOL Are you off of Lent yet?
Dog is all current on her shots and ready for a weekend at the lake! Next stop REI!
“For last year's words belong to last year's language and next year's words await another voice.” ~ T.S. Eliot
my last tweet sounded like an obnoxious greeting card
I got that fettuccine on them
Liquidators is looking to fill a few for new #sales positions! Pop in & fill out an application!
WHITE LIGHT!!!!!
tired like fuck man
Damn avengers sold out for this time. Gotta c the next showtime
Big week at PARMA: Student Composer Competition, announcing May releases, preparing METHOD MUSIC "Sit In" page, and more..stay tuned!
RT The day you create today will speak volumes about the rest of your life. Create well!
4pm #yoga class Chicago. New playlist! Beatles, Brett Dennen, Ravi Shankar, Matisyahu, and Common. Sounds great, right?
it's great-- just be prepared to blush, a lot!
Haha. I'm not here to judge:). The things we do for love...
": Finally getting back on my routine!" It's never too late to feel great!
To make this launch as sexy as possible I'll be doing the entire reading while wearing my seventh grade retainer.
always time for more
Sounds like a pretty fantastic day at the Ashmolean-- Ancient Greek kylikes or skyphoi? But did they get to play kottabos, I wonder...
I will, mom. Thought about you the other day, hope all is well!
Condolences to Willie's family.. I hate that the world has one less genuine blues artist!
I should go to bed. Don't tell me what to do!
Its 2012 And You Still Got Minutes On Your Phone?....Bless Your Heart....
I guess Jesus sat out the 1st half. Hopefully he has a miracle up his sleeve for the second.
Funny, those are things I'm very good at. It's all that reading I did when I went to a good public school.
Great, I can't wait. Thank you again for covering awesome local companies/activities!
I think I should quit tryin ckuz there are no signs of victory.
Improving taxi quality in Baltimore Comments or complaints let me know cab number or color. Thanks BaltTservic.
Boys know the lyrics to WMYB. That's legit.
Have strong popping HEADLINES sprinkled throughout your sales page
Blahh fuck work ! The only good thing about it today is that my gf is here
Nice banners, IDB!
How's the Wings game going
Are you annoyed by the constant smudges of fingerprints on your smartphone? Great new product that you can brand with your company logo!
Keep Sneezing -.-
I knew it was me. I was trying to see if you would figure it out.
Howard says pedestrians on Main Street won't pay attention to increased lights at Lot 1.
Hey,Reality Show Junkie Tweeters I hear that "Basket Ball Wives" will be taping a NEW reality segment at TONIGHT
tell that hubby of yours that I said congrats!!
I'll adopt Homer Simpson's campaign slogan--Let someone else do it!
#Housesitter with Steve Martin and Goldie Hawn. Not only is Goldie a funny and talented actress, she also gave birth to an amazing whore.
ha ha - how do you think that conversation will go?
RT : Amazing fights. This was exactly what FOX was hoping for when they inked the deal. Agreed.
#kids Charlotte's Web at Artisan Center Theater, Fri, May 18 4:30p: All the enchanting characters are here in this beautiful, knowing...
This early. Yes. Much needed.
So This Boy Kept Staring At Me At Lunch , Tomorrow Ima Cuss Him Out
Experience is by industry achieved, And perfected by the swift course of time. William Shakespeare
You're welcome?
does she know what sex is?!
Who calls at 2:30 in the morning??
« Got inspired from a conversation w my manager. Another song done. I'm feelin it»
Great day to be in #Boston! We have awesome weather, a marathon, morning baseball, and we're #shine (-ing) at #NECB!
when i look at u its like watchin night sky or beatiful sunrise theres somuch they hold its like those stars i see u came so far
Subway sand = *belch* did you hear that???
send some pics and video from the sessionif u would CDiazReps Preciate it
Hit me up for your ADMIT 4 FREE Pass 2NITE! NEW SATURDAY SPOT! ALLURE 2224 ELM Downtown!3 Levels w/ 3 Different Vibes!BEAUTIFUL NEW CLUB! RT
Maybe that's because you were skipping school ;-) RT I don't remember you being absent 9 times!
Just logged on and here you are. How was NC?
Man can I not wait for today to be over. Wanna curl up into my bed
That guy that took three is the best!!
Comcast CS, why oh why do you keep hanging up on me? Don't you want my money? Fix your darn phone system if you can't transfer a call.
you mad bro? Nahw , I ain't even mad .
#Survivor time!!! Hope this week can be as awesome as last week!
Bullying Prevention Tip #4 - Stand Strong and Speak out #schools on the issue, it truly is that important..
Today I filmed a commercial. Who was in this commercial with me? The CEO of Time Warner Jeff Bewkes...
Doing great. Hope all goes well at the doctor. Let's talk later, OK? Did you get my email?
LOL! I had to look up what IRL meant. Glad to know!! We can always do OTP (on the phone) :).
Houston Janitors left negotiation table after 5 corporations refused to accept new articles.
me too!
you are totally not fat you look really hot your sexy sweet heart !!!! love you keep being champ ok !
Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!
I think is right. Typos breed in the night.
Sushi time ...
uh......when? RT : That's why dave chappelle got out of show business, they wanted him to dress up like a woman & he refused
Hey #NYC! It's another beautiful day in the city! What are you doing to enjoy this weather?
hate being sick :(
Colin to the rescue! Haha. What's up homies?
#FCdish HAM is so easy to carve. just think of all those muscles as individual roasts....
Watching the #reds hit increases my blood pressure dramatically. Please, please, oh please can we get some help for Joey Votto?
Through the power of the Cloud I accessed a report linked to my on my Mac. Will be demoing at #SCON12 next week.
#tech2012 facilities-based competition is dead (or at least dying).
RT : Apparently, the Dawgs should never play at Madison Square Garden.
I mean, would we not make it Brewer focused? BCB provides a built in listenership, even in fanposts.
psycho is not a bad thing ;)
is ill. #NoCover :( let's send him all the love we can to get him feeling better
Coulda swore I saw martin luther king jr at the dallas mavs game sitting dam near courtside!
I love you Evan! RT : Hey remember when a 747 with a spaceship attached to it buzzed Washington today? Man that was cool.
you coming or are u drinking pweee fweezay?
thnks for the retweet. i was shocked, i screamed lol. thnk u this is the first time u have noticed me :)
Let me write that down in my 'Things I don't give a fuck about' notebook.
Booked my flight. Girls, I can't wait to see you all in Nashville. I'm so excited!!!!!
RT : What's the topic? > Plato's view of the "fall" of the world, away from political order. A dense read.
Ugh I cannot find my phone!!
what was it?
No worries, Kara. Go Pakcers!!!! (Red Wine involved)
In Vegas for the SX finals
I'm trying but Im just too excited
what channel?
Good Morning Twitter world! Here's hoping every one has a safe and enjoyable Labor Day holiday! Be safe and take care!
All these #throwbackthursday pictures are making my day!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
RT : Watch the people you hang with.. You are who you hang with. Are you the strongest one in your circle ?
just got my beach bag! So cute and for a great cause!
Floyd Mayweather vocalized his support for gay marriage today. Small, but HUGE. A prime athlete in a machismo sport speaking out. Bravo.
I hate #Rick Santorum as much as Rick Santorum loves to take charge of my uterus.
Yep! You did.
So that's where we are as fans? A person cant be in the top 5 & we, let them, let us, know when they're ready to rock?
well i cant txt everyone though because it'll cause problems...ugh now i know why i stopped...blah!! high school is over :/
Gasol's D was outstanding, proper shows on pick rolls great footwork and hustle Bynum should learn from him watching the film
Flying to CA at 6AM Sunday...and its daylight savings day...i foresee a day of fatigue.
Become a fan of Mr.D's on Facebook and follow all of our projects from start to finish. " We Love to Paint " and do so much more. Lic
Yeah, same here! Haha
Haha jazz looking like ish. #gospursgo its raining 3's. People say we boring. I say we winning ha!
IF you can tweet about your beliefs in God, I should be able to as well.
I know!! But don't worry... #plankwarsround2 will commence soon!
psh Wes like you don't know me!!
has drastically improved the quality on my life during snack time! Finally something that tastes like ice cream sans N's allergens!
I know i'm chunky. omg no need to point it out DX
nvrmind,.i c it below now
From the hood book of #2Chainz Get head while I'm readin, call that shit Facebook.
WE HERE MEOW
That sucks!
I think he's the missing piece in Miami
RT : "if you don't have a vision for your product to make the world a better place then you won't get the best hires" Lanyrd
new Orleans wants you back. ASAP. She said so.
Thanks for trying to 'SAVE' us Melissa!
While I was out having fun, the spring break disappeared :|
im just gonna go to sleep now .
The 3 most important factors that influence home sales: price, price, price.
60 Minutes is breaking my heart right now. Ugh.
If you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you will be successful.
i give up is NEVER wanna follow me -_______- .....!!!!:/ sad going to bed nd listen to Mi amor by Matt
aww we were so cute! Good girl, no detention for you;)<3
same here! He acts like a punk.
oh. my. gawd.
Let me look into that.
Hi Kimbra, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you understand campaigns & how brand is perceived. DM?
Last panel for today at #SOTN on the future of privacy law ... Already some remarks about how US falls behind in this area.
My sweet hubby makes the best BBQ !!!
Wishing You a Wonderful Holiday! And To a Happy, Healthy & Prosperous 2010!
i had a dream that Justin took me to subway in his car and got jealous. why can't it be real :(
I'm a reflection of the community. - Tupac Shakur
Congrats to Judge Sylvania Woods Elem. School ! They just won 102 tickets to UniverSoul Circus & will join Cortney’s Kids!
how many missed calls this season Ump? I bet it was close to my batting average.
That would be hail in
awk moment when you get a friend request from someone w/ no mutual friends w/ you &you're just wondering how they found you
#weddingtips When you set up your wedding timeline, talk with your photog. They can help make sure you set aside enough time for pictures.
#DemonicDerek bad things will happen if you come through dungeons this year the icons are on a rampage!!
The very first time I saw the i fell in love with them.
#ContentMarketing fans and NCAA Basketball fans: compare college teams to our industry's best. Example: = Syracuse (ORANGE)... Go!
AND IIIIIIIIEEIIIII WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOUUUUUUUUAHHIIIIII WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU!!!!
Trust that little voice in your head that says 'Wouldn't it be interesting if
I feel disgusting tonight. :(
"thought he wanted a career, turns out I just wanted a pay-cheque"
Just Got Home, iGuess It's #HomeworkTime *SIGH*
Yikes buckle up here we go
Heading to Vero in T minus an hour
Worked on my paper today. Finishing up little details in class tomorrow and working on the power point.
yea yea
EARLY MORNIN HIGH!!!! SO U KNO IM GOOD
If I had a nickel for every time I heard the phrase "I played that song when it was a current!" from someone at the station I'd be rich.
and it's nights like these when i realize that this is really what i want to do with my life.
Let's go cetics!
That's crazy. Send an email with that pic and your order #. We will send you a replacement immediately.
O CAN'T WAIT.please follow me.#1 KOALA DANCE BOT
that would be insane...you figure they would have I have a season to close off all the story lines
Rumors swirling that #bama RB Dee Hart has been kicked off the team.
I hit the "favorite" button on twitter accidentally like eight times a day and always feel guilty when I undo.
one direction
YES IT WAS LOL THANKS(:
Im in my spanish class and im bored!:/
hmu lets vibe
Thanks for the follow! Who knew Jim Belushi could be a uniter and not just a fucktard!
Dress, pencil skirt, or dress pants???
There is something about encouraging words that gives you that extra boost of strength and belief.
m french toast for breakfast with a side of coffee :) only 44 more days till Spenc is due today is shaping up to be an awesome Tuesday !
Thanks, ! Is there one cross you prefer over another?
I'm not sure if any of us watch it... I know that 's wife does. Maybe we could have a guest reviewer, ha ha
Even in positive ones.
did you finish annotating? :)
yes omg ma dad grounded me 4 like 1 week and hesiad no compute rand no ipod or anything elese it sucks bad but i still got on lol
Random drunk lady on the bus telling me her life story and all the places she went tonight....
well, life is a bitch better know how to treat her... dang,but life goes on,i am still fun,chill haley,i dont need a best friend to c that.
..girl training me is not really explaining anything to me :/ she gets SO flustered when I ask questions. She's who I'm replacg
I love her! Super happy to have her on the site.
thanks for the ranking!
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328> 58
dang!! Lol you did party
I find it funny that oomf texted right after they liked one of my new pictures I put on Instagram today. Lol
Very true, but I can never focus on one thing for too long or I will lose interest and not do it.
The best part of you ran down your mothers ass crack.
"I'm embarrassed... about how good mine is" -
iOS 5.1 now available over the air on iPhone and iPad. But not your new iPad. 'Cuz you can't get into the Apple Store
It's sad that with time and space people will often reveal exactly who they are. Especially when you thought more highly of them.
i wanna meet you.<3
u are true friends
How's the website coming along?
trust me more dudes are thirstier than girls in my opinion, i mean i know some lol
somebody tell me how to upload a pic up in this !
Miss Latina Ethnic World will be held the first week in May in San Diego California.
You should have come down to Baltimore for Confirmed Stock!
Extremely complex conference call podcast? Regardless, in.
Sleeping the rest of the day
That's great Steve. The Barter Theatre puts on some great shows!
Yes Pls RT : OK, folks. Now that you're back in the land of data plans and ample wi-fi, how bout sharing your fav #arlis2012 links?
Agreed! Headed back into the studio in a couple weeks so will have more to share before long.
But how will i ask you to play 500 annoying zynga games if you aren't on FB?
we better win tonight
Miami awaits ;)
Thanking the big man above for waking me up another day.
Need a school Fundraising idea? Sell Smoothies! Inquire within.
7 more followers till 200. HELP ME OUT? <3
Yes, I'm a fan, do you know if they have a show?
;) Thank you back atchya!
Gingrich is a clown! Child janitors, urban jobs, welfare...he doesn't have the slightest idea what he is talking about...
BACK! :D
Good morning! Taking a break from Zazzle artwork - spinning wool from our sheep for change of pace - soft blue heather yarn for now. :-)
Getting ready to talk to about all of the fun publicity/marketing we've been working on.
Next week PureVolume will be streaming Paradise Fears' album on their website. Who will be checking it out?!
Hi,I am new to seo and looking for some nice techniques which helps me can anybody share nice information with me.
I wish "nap" was a class they offered in college. I'd ace it :-)
I'm a fan of the shoe option too.. that way we can get NIKE Fuelbands as well :)
#NFLrookie advice: Be honest with yourself about game performances. That is where your image is established.
I can't wait until tomorrow night. Drinks & fun hang out sessions with my girls :)
Bow Down To Your Queen! xD (insider)
- you got it!
When first I looked into your eyes each breath became a thousand sighs. My heart drummed out a thunder beat I glowed with joy in the gym
You don't have to be gorgeous to be happy. But it's a lot damn easier to smile when you got teeth like mine.
Yup ask your PIC wait no ask Betty. Your PIC at least knows I'm when I'm joking around.
doing my history project...
One half down, one to go. Keep this up boys!
Hi Everyone. How was your weekend?
I've walked by there at least once a week for the last two years -- I have to try it! Thanks!
Eagles are dealing Asante Samuel to the Falcons for a late round pick according to multiple reports
Everything is so slow... think my computer is telling me it's Friday afternoon.
hell end up w at least 40, n Lakers will get the w
Every thing is going every were <U+E401>
I had the most boring breakfast :/
"Two things put some fucking pants on and fuck off!
What does a nosy pepper do? It gets jalapeno business.
Thanks to for the follow. Text message marketing is a great way to remind clients of an appoint or special offer.
Thanks for retweeting this lady! You were such a pretty red crinkle! <3
Tears will get you sympathy, sweat will get you results.
You def should!! If you want to be a singer it is always good to put yourself out there and get feedback!! =)
I'm setting up my newsletter access for my private real estate investors.
I C All Theze Look Alike 2Pacs Sayn He Still Alive 41 Years Ol N Shit..... I Need 2 Hear A Voice Tho!
Gardner doubles Again!!
What just happened with the sneak peek? #thebachelorette totally cheesed out. We know you have to pay the bills, but really.....
Twas the Friday before Christmas and not a decision maker to be found..only voice mail and unanswered emails graced the Christmas tree
Okay this chick's shorts are so short she should just wear a thong and call it day.
SOX: Another early lead for the #RedSox today over the #Mariners. David Ortiz hit solo homer to right field with one out, B3. 1-0.
RT : Want free gourmet cookies? You canget them today @ Smoothie King! Visit www.phreeps.com and log in to get more details!!
I get to goof around on Tumblr and Piknik today. For work, mind you!
Playing handball at the YMCA!
haha. ohh hunty.. you have no idea what we have in store for you (; You will love toddlers & tiara's!
Really wish I could have been there! Glad you guys had fun. I'll have a talk with Julian about the way he hit the bottle...
exchange in press conference was
haha hell ya.
"Fuck that! Give a nigga a bottle" -Tasmania
I'm very excited right now, fabulous tennis!!! Go Caroline!!!
uhmmm Floyd did win though <U+E108>
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 83k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x7
Thanks for the mention. I'm glad people are digging the video. ~Stephen
largest collection of stupidity, nosey people and whiners, maybe!
Don't waste your life in doubts and fears: spend yourself on the work before you, well assured that the right performance of this hour's...
Oh no just did a shot of Red Bull and something. On the house. What. I'll report back in the AM
Its automatic, I'm a runaway train(8)'
May 19th. See ya then!
Yes, we are a #headlamp family too! The best!
nope, she is not...that I am aware of.
Five browsers installed, all display the same site a bit differently. Isn't that kinda ridiculous?!?
Ok. I get it.. If you can get Piwik installed internally on a Linux server, I you you'll like it. Good luck!
I'm pretty sure it was a thong...I don't remember holding granny panties in my hands that night. Goodnight and sweet dreams.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning I can't breath. I'm going to die right now.
My name is nick long now!
Keep your true friends close because you never know when your going to lose them.and be unable to see them.again
Ancient fishing techniques and tools huh, that sounds pretty cool!
I like how the one time I let my mom tweet she gets retweeted right away.
Band Of Horses
Green chili cheese rice? Why yes, I will have you for breakfast. Git in mai bellah!
dinner time!
#oii10 anecdote2: at the wine reception, we were surrounded by exhibits of dinosaurs and dodos
The avengers was fucking ill! On imax screen....and thanos at the end avengers 2 on the way....
With the 28th Overall Pick, the #Packers select #USC DE/OLB Nick Perry.
thats a lot of years les
RT : Tupac is not really dead, or technology is crazy, either way I'm bugging out. #Tupacisback ?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
thanks for calling Don's behavior what it is: I saw a woman in terror after a day of emotional abuse.
In school we should only learn the skills we need that we plan on using in the future, who agrees?
Come on down to the #FireStoneDistrict... and is cracking!!! Come get ur gyros open till 3am!!!
When is it appropriate to ask my Twitter followers to vote on which corset I'm going to buy? Is that ever appropriate?
Thanks for the support
And hits a double RBI bomb!
#fridayreads still please look after mom
"I'll take the blame, aqua seafoam shame!"
your tumblr seems to not be working... :-/
24 the number you sent me is my favorite number(: i love your bio, name, && tweets. we should talk more(:
I'm so grateful that I can help keep pets out of the vets for the most common problems.My next book is going to make life ezier than ever!.
I am over here dying
OH: "Are the arrows not isosceles triangles?"
Crazy to think a year ago was watching Lebron play the bulls. Now he is guarding him.
60 Minutes...Kentucky Sheriff Scandal Story...Whitley county...should be interesting.
I have a hard time tolerating chronic lateness. I grew up with it and think it's rude and selfish.
I'll cop a former colleague's oft-used plea when it came to FX-driven outer-space fluff like this: "I had fun!"
everything sounds majestic with "skies" at the end of it haha!
Yo who is abort that person is too dope
There's a mouse in McAdams room
Thanks, sweet Michelle. I'm sorry I didn't get to catch up with you over the weekend. The volunteers rocked!!!!!
NOT POSSIBLE FOR EITHER ONE OF US
Bad news: catastrophic hard drive failure. Good news: inbox zero!
i'm not italian! why would i do that?
Need a skintervention?! Facebook or call skin scholar, Ettia Tal for a custom skin care consult.
Oh for the love of pete
getting ready for the ceremony:) wbu
Fall in love first.
oh I get up at like 6;45
I just ran 7.00 mi in 1:13:01 with a 10:26 min/mile pace using : Pace is slower than I'd like. I'll blame beer and wings.
It's so sad.. All soaps are just bad. Did u like scandal?
So bored.
love that Joyce Meyer quote!!
My car groans in agony
oh man, you know it! haha
I'm about to take a shower ooh yea FRESH! <U+E418>
thumbs down!
Don’t be afraid to try some dollar store generics. That’s often where you can find the best deals.
Facebook gets Instagram for $1Billion. Time to create an app.
I think I'll leave this week
Hey Portland - what websites do you visit to find out about local entertainment?
Boy this wind downtown is something else!
Shush it
and I ain't write a book but after u, I can read every female like a book! #100 lol #100 y'all are very predictable lol
Good luck tomorrow on the interview! "Kick its ass, Sea-Bass!!!"
watching never say never makes me want to go back to July 6th 2010 <3 I can't wait for the #BELIEVETOUR <3
I accept this mission. The shoes have been shined
#Cubs #Reds on tv. #RedSox #Yankees later. Stanley Cup Playoffs after that. Good lineup today.
RT : Space. . . the final frontier. How cool is it that our lil ol' Armband is on the International Space Station...
Wrapping up #sgia 2011 thank you for a great show!
Because they liked Bush less: the familiarity is actually an endearment.
hello my fav
Thanks Craig. Yeah, lets keep you on the tech co-founder event. You and I have been talking about doing that one for awhile.
Just had a very awkward five second conversation with Seth Rogen at
i desperately need to change my whole entire profile but im way too lazy right now. hmmphhh.
Teens havent worked out the norms of behavior- Ex posted the breakup on Facebook before breaking up in person
Ok, ok enough of the retweets for the day. Back to model making.
Are you doing or making anything different this Thanksgiving?
You will be a great addition to the 40 acres.
lol I forget now
ROGUE :Defined, intransitive verb: To weed out inferior, diseased, non-typical individuals from a crop plant or a field
Just because you're 5'2" doesn't make you tiny, every teenage girl in San Antonio is 5'2"
congrats to all students graduating this weekend!
Henry Jenkins: Gov't can't regulate data mining. We need to exert pressure from the bottom up to force companies to change
Happy #FF to Travesty and —all featured in our latest issue!
Who's your favorite tattooed star?
anyone got plans for Monday night?
Up front for He just used method of having crowd clap to up energy, awesome
Same Dunkin, same coffee order .. Never the same result. *sigh* DD I love you but you disappoint with ratio every other time.
2nd favorite #Swedish phrase - Knul Ruefs (sp?) English Translation - Fuck hair. Meaning - hair after you fuck or messed up hair.
Brooks will be a nice asset as a backup combo scoring guard. Will be interesting to see if he extends
no flowers, please.
I bet everyone hates the train when on their way to somewhere lol
Unicorns are real, they are just fat and we call them rhinos.
At Swan Lake with my girls. They are psyched. I am hoping to stay awake. Glad for their energy and excitement.
so IN
You should definitely check out Austin, Texas live music scene! IT is usually happening during college semesters!
Twitter its having a glitch
ok ok sorry I know how bad ass those guys are
I've been drinking ALOT of vodka this week with a HOT friend of mine,plus its a Kanye West song I like
you have no phone...
oh my ur night sounds ridiculous were u the one who poured beer on ... can't wait til wedding
I miss you too!!! When are we going to hang?!?
Hahaha oh man...totally true! Lot's of unrealistic pressure in the gay community for SURE.
Yes he is ! Soo ? You're so racist :( I'll make him love you ! You two are officially going out now. I told him you said yes
Good morning! God is Great! I believe he will do something great in all 4 of my services today!
“: I think we are sitting with Jesus.”
Integrity, transparency and open communication are key traits for a healthy organization or business of any size.
Laptop Speakers: Not loud enough for music, but too loud for porn
celebrating role of in helping us to tap the talent to solve biggest challenges.
The piano is a really underestimated instrument. I can truly make a decent song great when used right.
"We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing." ~George Bernard Shaw~
Have a great Saturday everyone!
I figured you'd approve ;)
big fan big fan.
Ciao Marie :) take care
Tonight is #preschool #graduation. 26 students from our preschool program will be moving on to #elementaryschool. Congratulations!
how's Mason?
thanks for following..
I should probably learn how to tweet, before I try to tweet
I hate to brag, but just gave me half a sammy from Salumi! You're the best!
you too thanks
should do some homework but is not motivated at all...
No, we're here, we're here! will have to ask you all about it! :)
haha ok but why????
She was Simone in FBDO : I bet Kristy Swanson's biggest regret in life is Flowers in the Attic. Second to Dude Where's My Car
Some people can't dress now-a-days
Im Ready To Party :D Bye Twitter Talk To Yall Later .(:
Bruno Mars fan, right here.
who won what awards?
": #NASCAR #Cup qualifying for the #BojanglesSo500 starts at 5p ET on Who do you think will get the pole? "
I wonder if Chris will retaliate against you for gettn on hiz azz about messin wit Rihanna or maybe he juz bullies girls
Heading into the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
I will meet you anywhere tomorrow please I wanna meet you for my birthday
At the Tarry Lodge in Port Chester, NY for an early dinner. It is my first time. Great company too!
Flight to SF is BOOKED!! Let the meal planning begin!
thats a good point. It seems that there is more opportunity for infection in a barn than in your home.
Heyy u yea u fuck u
Yu Watch Ur Kids Beat On Their Boyfriends/girlfriends ... It Must Happen Within The Home Sadly
So I'm listening to and is the featured video. #stayhappystayweird rules!
Can not believe CO did not help itself by not allowing a lower rate for undocumented students to attend college. Sad.
Another day of school
Yes. If #students get on board, there's real hope to change the culture. Ultimately this is about them
where do you get good tamales in Allen?
Good seeing u:) RT : Ran into for the #ThinkLikeAMan premiere
6pm? is that okay?
I been good love, you?
This is fantastic, how did I not watch this before??
Be sure to exercise at least 3x per week for a balanced life. Walking, running, jumping, sit ups, push ups, anything you enjoy!
you drunk! I miss you too, I wish we were as close as we used to be!!
I'll Have Another requested a lifetime supply of free Doritos Locos Tacos.
excited i made the "bettercheddar" list. *puts a check on ye olde bucket list* ;)
first time! coworker gave rave reviews, so I thought it was about time. any suggestions?
Tough holding these Temptations........
Chilling with
How that midterm going? lol
I came home from school to a fully-charged iPod with a brand new case. #ThatsRare #ThanksMom (:
It went really well. Got 2 play a lot of originals & older songs I haven't played in a real long time. How was ur weekend?
Strawberry sweet tea is legit stuff!
I love my Magic!!!
Not used to this hybrid-shutting-off-at-intersections shit, I always stomp on an imaginary clutch so it won't die. Stupid environment!
RT : RT : 20 days left! Vote "YES" to the merger.
Can it be December already???
The world keeps turning. I'm getting dizzy.
Just cried to my mom
I had the weirdest dream about me dying at a water theme park.
reached Version 11!!! If there's one thing I learned from past labmates, it's that a paper becomes stable at v11.
Same shit, different day.
Just heard this little girl whine in Spanish...sounded so familiar...some things are universally understood
Did IT forget to turn on mobile blackboard or is it gone for good? Anyone know?
“We have never heard the Devil’s side of the story, God wrote all the book.” — Anatole France (1844-1924), author, Nobel laureate.
thanks! yours is pretty cool too :) love the halo!
"Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith"
Anutha #BiggestTurnOff... If a guy think a woman suppose2take care of him..How does dat make u a MAN!! Wtf
The first day of Designer Month went well! Come next Tuesday to talk to Richard about great interior design ideas!
good 2 see you last night!
thanks, I'm new to twitter, just realized I got this message lol! i'm a little slowmo with this twitter thing.
thanks dudes.
Thank you for all you bring to the web!!
Friends and family I know u mean well. PLEASE DONT TEXT MY PHONE HAPPY NOTHING(annoyed).
#SaveOurClinics mental health services are so needed; many end up homeless. Across the Nation: teens, Vets, abused,...need help
I just called...to say...I love you...
I've lived it. Read them all and actually reading first again now. I play a game center tech in the film. Enjoy.
Its quiet...too quiet.
NO. Permit test first ( no driver's ed.needed ) then you take driver's ed do your hours i believe and take license test.
Truth is we wouldnt know where 2 start off 2 dance like a stripper. Lolz!
thanks for the retweet! Have a great weekend.
RT Scola and Martin probably two most underrated players in NBA.
I <3 Fez lmao and my baby bro talks JUST LIKE HIM!!!
looking at how to use and a combination of recording apps and Web 2.0 tools to replace language lab:)
Holy Crap!!! I have 500 followers!!! Can I get a wha wha!!!
Spending a few days down South with the grandparents. Good ol quality time <3
Not sure - what did you search for? Which tweet?
Are you ready for us, Bowe? :)
You can't judge me for my ringtone of Harry
when you go on prom?
What's up Juan!! Good to see you on Twitter.
I like being able to slowly read my Micro and then watch Community in the comfort of my own home! :D
just checking
anyway. how are you? :)
A late breakfast cupcake?? yummmms
Oh Friday how I've missed you! I thought you had left me forever xoxo
Ban college football, now that's going to be an interesting debate topic
Hey there DataFest-ers - are you learning lots today? Let's hear about it!
Good to hear! I've been looking forward to this for weeks.
I want the first mixtape or cd then.
Good morning beautiful Tuesday! Exciting and very cool opportunities on the horizon. The team never ceases to amaze & inspire! Go! Go! Go!
Follow me please? ;*
Milwaukee Ave bus smells like cocoa and Ben-Gay.
Blessed are those who painstakingly spell out their email addresses to cashiers, for they shall inherit store coupons.
Seriously dying for a donkin donuts caramel latte.
Bucs against the dolphins tonight i think the Bucs will win i hope :) at 7 tonight
Everything's not lost
I think he got knocked unconscious and hyperthermia set in.
Good morning tweet machine. Keep up the good work over there
thanks girl <3
RT : PHOTO: When a local animal shelter got 92 puppies in 1 day, Nuremberg donated towels to keep them warm...
Sweet! Wonder if I can walk in those. Mom tried boots on my once. I didn't move. hee hee
Growth means stretching ourselves beyond where we have been.
Now eating a big water melon wanna see
#zeno6to6 no can do tonight. Tomorrow brunch?
Looking forward to joining and today on a social media panel for the NM Press Women 2012 Annual Conference!
was actually good in college.
I would like to invite you to come to my BNI meeting. Would you like to know more?
Omg I'm on twitter!
Yep, it's that time of day for the office above mine to burn a bag of popcorn
Big surprise no one threw a party for FF, #dirtysoap the party was after she was gone!
I'm 22 years old I look like 30 tho :-) you?
We officially applied to Tech Stars Sunday night, thank you for all your support. The journey begins.
Since the real Q101 went off the air. Sherman and Tingle helped us put this together along with the rest of the Q101 staff
sounds fun? is the table for quilting purpose?
I know an heirloom tomato when I see one and I'm not convinced that was an heirloom. Just like not convinced ur a Bears fan.
smh and u talking crazy? Tighten up sis lol
He said she said stuff...im like really?
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt -
Austin loves Olive Garden! Evertime he goes he get's the '5 Cheese Ziti' (: [same thing i always get(;] RT if you like Olive Garden <U+2665>
Seafood firm says it doesn't expect virus at Nova Scotia fish farm to spread - Winnipeg Free Press
Check it. He can actually cook. Blah, Blah, Two Nuns and a Pack Mule joke. or Like most of his work its not over produced.
Earbuds in & music on. Sitting on front deck after a hectic day. Time 2 sit & think about what needs to be done.
i like so happy right now i just got new flats that are adorable , earrings an bows then i come home too more than 8 purses an moree jewelry
watching boys follow girls perfume~
I'm not you bf
#austintransmedia meeting interesting people
#mifflin2012's winding down with Ball's arrest rather than a riot. Says a lot about how the event is a relic.
no way either of them are really dudes
this memory made me so happy! oh but i was so annoyed during that game. a lever! yeah right!
Purdue had it.... Then lost it.
If you show me respect, then I'll show you respect. But if not, go f*ck yourself.
All the kids got up to watch My Hearts a Stereo. Perfect for tweensagers. I like it too.
of Course bby
Listening to LL Cool J ft Lyfe Jennings - Freeze... damn what happened to Lyfe?
Still time to get your business into Bucky Book 21. Call 441-3910 for more info.
and right-to-work for less.
hear abt attempt to introduce rhythmic dance to Norwegians. Too Late? :(
Google Ordered to Stop Copyright Violations on YouTube
HA! Great observation. Never thought of that but you're right. Don is soon to be lost. Very lost. But he's a fighter so...
Check out Fashion Statement Inc. on blogger!
148 Cappers have their picks posted today with consensus on the Patriots, Giants & Un and line moves are with them..See ya at the window
Cause titles that suggest constipation are cool. RT : Overheard at #pivotcon "chief movement officer"
#Rappolos named worst pizza in #ATX.....anyone really surprised there?
RT Being single does not mean no one wants you...it just means that God is busy writing your love story...
ya I shouldn't say that so ill stop just for you :)
what's wrong????
Temple University Press' annual Holiday Book Sale at Temple University's Diamond Club, 1913 N. Broad Street,11am-2pm through December 2nd!
I'm watching Lifetime! BEST MOVIES EVER!
aww this old guy just dumped his nachos on the ground after he stood in the long line. I feel bad I wanna go buy him some more D:
what? i think you may be the third to last to hear. though i suppose a man has an easier time hiding pregnancy, no?
I work with a good group of folks at , glad to be part of the team.
Wishing a Happy 20th Birthday!! Best thing on TV early AM Sun - Thurs!
My backpack weighs, not kidding, 9.3 pounds.
thanks for the shout out!
Lawl. Yes your boobs are huge. :D
are you showing THAT kid or another kid??? is it THAT kid who cant take a hint??
Just finished #LANoire. #RedDeadRedemption and L.A. Noire kill the protagonist? Red Dead ending was tight but Noire's...weak.
Step brothers is the best movie of all time(:
Will the #Yankees make it? Thirteen Host Cities Announced for 2012 Amgen Tour of California LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--After reviewing
Maybe it won't rain, but we're glad you have no problem singing in it. See you Friday!
Looking forward to leading the "Harnessing Mobile Tech" panel in an hour with a great group!
A consumer today is more likely to avoid a brand that claims perfection and choose one that is more controversial.
Remember when it used to be unacceptable to talk to strangers online... LOL. That time is long gone.
Yes please. my phone dies way too easily
Already finished lunch, I was
you are always working... where do you even work?
Very difficult to praise in tweet-length citations.
Bored out of my mind
. at Doritos stage. If you're in the area...don't miss it. There's a big crowd enjoying the show from street. #SXSW in the hizzous
RFT RT I hate my phone charger :/
That's awesome! Can't wait. Enjoyed TSAW ATL 2011. Is it Still gonna be @ 14th St playhouse?
i know you're excited about the atdi reunion. you think they'll be rolling through?
thanks for the words of wisdom El Capitan!
AYE LOOK AT YO LAST MENTION FROM ME. ..I JUST DID!!! ^_^
We proudly recommend and support
Change of plans. At the Hungry Monk. Looks promising.
rocks..and it's less than a 5 minute walk from our front door.
Ideally, as many ppl will listen tonight as heard the original. Hard to do, of course, but I admire the effort.
Which venue should host Beer-Con this year?
Athletes First prevail in OT - heck of a game...
It was scary talking and then seeing the sun come out.. on a school night! x.x I miss buster & candy!
thanks girly!! (; this one is just to wear without a pick! For fun! (:
Uugh... lions, tigers and bears in Ohio Ooh my!
": Everyone have a glass of ice water right now, fucking delicious"
#Phillies hitting for the cycle...in the 9th
Christ, as a light illumine and guide me. Christ, as a shield overshadow me. Christ under me; Christ over me; /RT
Just about everything is leaking, broken, and needs to be replaced. It has almost 200000 miles on it, but still, this sucks.
I already did, 3 count!
THAT FUGAZI ASS GUCCI BELT.
Yes and...Welcome new followers!
ONCE UPON A TIME there was a girl & a boy who loved each other then a slut came along & ruined everything. THE END.
Now THAT I could never do! :)
Sitting by the pool, catching some sun.. Sounds good to me.
hey taylor im a big fan of yours i was wondering where do u get the inspiration to sing most of your songs?
My hunger game involves my friends and me gorging ourselves on beef brisket and smoked chicken until we fall into a gluttonous stupor.
I dont want a boyfriend i need a boyfriend
Sell telecoms products and services? Are you getting 100% of the profit? Call us to find out about our Channel Partner recruitment Drive..
I hate this school and want to leave
Awesome! I will keep you updated :) And I will see you soon!
I am turning SXSW into a giant self-help session to fix my burnout, focus and efficiency issues.
I'm a very sensitive person ~.~
Dear Patrons: Please stop putting books that have been discarded back on the shelves.
hate wen my sneakers get dirty
I use iMovie.. it's BEYOND easy!
Our #DesignerAccessorySale is restocked today & tmw! RT: they keep putting new stuff out!”
Whatever June dates you have, send them over; we're putting the calendar together now!
and not so much fun for the hygenist who is working in there!
good for you! Anything I should read? I've been a reading fool lately. Last year I bought over 30 eBooks from Amazon.
#Rule1 during arguments: If you're losing, start correcting their grammar.
sloww jams too endd my night ..
Anyone have a laptop I can use so I can hunt for jobs while I do it?
Oh my goodness, a room full of candy in the Senate?? Thank you JLD, now I am running for office...
i mean really, who uses a mouse anymore?
They are going to short line some tracks, and add more cars on others in certain segments.
Roshon - You've earned my VOTE!!!
Wishing you and yours a lovely holiday season! Enjoy your candy!
Competition is a driving factor. “Your competitor expressed an interest,” may be the most powerful phrase you can add to any sales pitch.
keep making amazing music please :)
#informative RT RT About to head to whole foods in Bellingham to promote the best energy bar in the world!
“: NEVER get your hopes up! You will just be disappointed in the end! #thetruth #nevertrustanyone”
having a problem with basic functionality - my default CakePHP install loads a missing_controller message at the project root "proj/" ...
Kitty's razzmatazz factory has been working overtime. This tweet has nothing to do with the overload of sequin dresses on the red carpet.
Now that is the truth.
Top ten again plus a judges awarrd :)
no, it's just easier that way.
hi kevin, I dont think I have ever tweeter at you before, feels good.
Hey there! What's the best way to get a press release to you?
can you do me a favor?
I made a few copies of it for myself, so I don't need it. Do I need to contact the JMS office to let them know?
Left is Right | Bulgaria's Next Envoy to Switzerland to Quit Left-Wing Party - Sofia News Agency
Eww if miley Cyrus Is in the hunger games movie I'm gonna cry
females need to stop wasting my mutha fuckin time with this bullshit
It's nice in DC. I might stay outside until it's time to leave work.
Laundry + ...clean clothes= great feeling
I hung with the worst of them
Awesome Mies Google Doodle today!
The whistling is a nice touch, AND ensures that the song will be an indie music hit... two or three years ago. -Jim
About time! #babysteps : BREAKING: Obama to : "I think same sex couples should be able to get married." (via )
Considering a pedal buying spree. FullDrive 2 Mosfet coming this afternoon. What next?
Just finished a rigorous evening of Adobe Illustrator training for school. It's a bit tougher than Photoshop, but much better to design in.
We are having a great time jamming in the brewpub tonight!
Dear Universe - I hear you about slowing down. You can stop sending stomach cramps.
#remindme why JoPa should still be coaching?
By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you deleted and blocked. You may now kiss my ass!
If you're a MKE Co worker and you or a family member takes a medication every day, you can't use the pharmacy of your choice anymore.
Ever since our break shyt anit been the same
Just heard what has to be the 11 or 12 fire truck drive by today, probably headed to another ax. Be safe out there people.
Gotcha. Feel free to DM me with what you think because I'm very interested in other views. (:
I can't wait til Brandy's new album drops!
At #Adventure Theater with the pre-schoolers...so excited to see Alexander and the terrible , horrible no good very bad day..,,
Working Sundays suck
Why are the CBS announcers so bad? 2 weeks in a row they confuse Torrey Smith with a dude WITHOUT DREADS!! Come on!!
Only me and my niggas, tell her bring a friend or two....
will you be at school tomorrow?
Haha good times? more like great times! LoL but of course I remember (:
I think he's a pretty interesting dude, and definitely someone you could have good discussions with about religion.
Over 450 subscribers to scoutinghoops.com! Thank you coaches!
": in customer service “: Ghetto bitches always get jobs.. Why tho????????”" Or the DMV.
concert. Common is the man.....dc. dc swing, raggae. Everything
When is Golf season? Come on Minnesota Warm up a little. Lol
Technology budget for podcast: $0 for software. Some hardware costs, depending on what's lying around...
Just 20 minutes away from my last test of the semester. Getting excited...
Smoking mid is like a gulp of steel reserve
DO U RENT THE BIKES?
Something I just read that is very thought provoking. What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say.
because it would have been funner i wanted you come to the hotel party yo
Thank you for the shout out. Hope you float on your cloud right into the New Year!!!
oh ok hhaha ur lucky tht urgoin to the same school as ur friends :/ all my friends r goin somehwere else :/
cycling & Bikram yoga really inspires!
She's glowing with emotion...
Then they get pissed that u don't know how to spell their dumbass name...
Love the Schoodle's too! I think Muffet, Kayley and Lucy would get alone beautifully!
Wit dem franchise boyaaz
he is
That's all and of at #TEDMED - hope you had a chance to meet, they LOVED your talk!
New favorite beer-Shiner Bock. Thanks to for bringing some to the game 2 weeks ago and getting me hooked.
Some creepy, very unattractive drunk guy told me I was pretty Greeeatttt
I did a quick interview during my lunch break. I'm stoked for the EP they have in the works.
I don't think this kid realizes this is just a class project, not an actual pitch
Enjoy town car deals with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
alright! Well any updates on the new Sonics?
It's like some freakin' GAME SHOW which is totally detached from reality.
i will get my life on track cuz i depend on no one but yea thas right me
Pleased to meet you, twitter.
At the rate 's moving, I'm never going to be ready in time.
waiting on 's porch for them to come home. I am the real life stoop kid.
I'm not gay! >:( wish people would stop saying that.
It's not updated daily, if you read the article it is a composite poll of their most recent data. Looking good so far
Just watched the pilot the other day. Didnt feel i related to any characters, bt the family drama felt somehow relatable/authentic
not sure I like an announcement for an announcement.
You're right. But it's still a secret!
"The future is not what it used to be." - Yogi Berra
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.-Aristotle Onassis
Enjoy! RT :House full of #teenage laughter, sweat & hard work as a Hudson High School DI team practices...
I don't think 3 year olds understand your mom jokes...
ps_bibliophile: #slaname #sla2009 I'm studying in hopes of a career dealing with books - among other things. Librarian's not a dirty word.
i hate the way we do it, culturally: it's like being beaten over the head. but my day is full of love & i am grateful.
Senate approves bill to count all write-in votes. All voters deserve to have their vote counted with AB 504.
time to buy stock.... #feesaccruing “: any luck #justpressplay?”
I'M NOT YOUR FUCKIN MUMMY! love dat line #GOMOMMA whoops forgot you ain't da Mummy haha, sad girl died tho even if she was mental :(
Not Aramis Ramirez's night. 2 AB with bases loaded. 0-2, with a double play RBI and a ground out.
It's Sunday... let 'em toot away.
Something about Nas playing Nicki Minaj's love interest in the "Right By My Side" video doesn't seem right.
I'm calling it right now, MJ was killed by his shady-ass live-in doctor.
all over it
well 4 day weekend was fun but back to gym!
Only my family would have 9 cakes for dessert to chose from lmfao
The Orange County Department of Education has implemented the V-cube Seminar platform.
Im on a Joan Cusack kick right now.
Let me know the title and about where it fails. I'll look in to it.
About to kill it at Niagra in alphabet city
lmao look at how skinny I was!
I'm sure you have heard the new Gareth Emery - Concrete Angel but JOC and Aly & Fila have some sick remixes
Fab Design Tip: Decorating your home is a journey. Enjoy the process and the unexpected inspirations along the way.
She's talking about a Japanese poet she admires....Rogers is
Graveyard shift watching training day
This rain better stop <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
#OWIF: Hey, I think my flight and K's flight are going to land at the same time!
Thanks for the logo!
I neve thought of it this way but you are 100% correct, Why don't agent's say we are tired of paying the broker?
when is coming back so we can hang?
": Uh, oh. Someone wanting to know if we're giving Google our stuff with calendars. Bah. #il2011". will come up tho
I'll take a coke, please. :)
Grant with his 500th career goal!!!! Mammoth 13, bandits 11.
I wish you could be on the #VMA's <3 that would be amazing for everybody
They better not splash my phone or there's gonna b a drowned kid in the news tonight lol
Hey Nyle err Billy err Gary err Harrison err Kip err Bubba err Dane err Rick err Marty err Peter. How are you Martin? Err Jay?
Juror #11 is a loser
This is utterly confounding: _____________________.
Scary Movie 2 & The Amityville Curse NOW PLAYING in the Actorshelper Halloween Page!!
I hate going to the school..
lmao but they would be so beautiful!!!
Uh oh Ginger on Ginger crime...haha Bonner with the Block
Austin wins! He gets a cookie c: So everyone else stop DMing me :b Lol
Couple Red Stripes And Asian Zing Wings!
Saw the raven. Wasnt all that great. Don't go see it. It felt super short and didn't have much to it.
Sounds awesome! Yay I'm excited ^_^
Stumbling along
The Main Girl In 'The Dark Knight' Is Ugly AF!! :0
thank you love... I hope you & everyone, loves the work.. & for me, I hope they lead to even more roles ! Lifelong ! Lol
Jennifer Hudson=Chills
I love laughing
i'm excited for you!!! hahah damn i wish i could've gone the 2nd day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
I told you you need to rock tht sequence dress. I think we tweeted #sequence at the same time
- best of luck and see you soon :)
Good Morning :):)
Okay, you, first, must send me the titles. I'll, then, resonate with the one title which interests me the most.
so good!! The jcash version that is.
is this the first time you seen ?
"Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art." - Garson Kanin
Launching a new website with my son: ck out reptaquatics.com. Comments? And, "No, it's not finished yet".
Toews scores in his 1st game back! The return of captain serious!
10 days until Opening Day. Best time of the year.
If I could instantly be friends with anyone, it would be Dave Davison. Hands down.
Never had a chance to see this movie, but I do hear it's pretty good tho. Hope to check it out real soon.
Shittin Me..My baby momma dumber than an antique
Also from : Rick "elevatedbilli"rubin
Ogw CSV seems to be popular. I am a fan. I also like RSS for data updates.
I'm wondering which Zelda songs I'll be playing on my May 7th concert.
Garbage is in my top 5 favorite bands of all time (a huge statement), so I think my guy would allow it. ;)
Ay dios, -shakes head at you-
we're all pretty hott. can you DM us here?
aw, she had an acceptance speech meltdown
Whoopsie-daisy. That's worth a few runs...
Set my phone background to a pic of Katie and Brogan so now everytime I look at it I feel a mix of happy with underlying sadness
The four B's, Brothers,Basketball,Beer, and the Boys, going to be a great week. Just like Bart Scott said...."Can't Wait"!!!
what are you doing. follow me if bored.
There's NOTHING about him saving a cat from a tree!!
I hate fake people
Aw rats! I caught you on an off night.
Getting ready for "Marketing E-Books/E-Readers". Glad to see that someone else likes to use the dash too.
suck my balls Beet
Wishing everyone in Tucson a safe Father's Day weekend. Remember that #Naughtons is open Saturday & Sunday for all of your cooling needs.
dont waste your time on njit, 1) no girls at all, 2) professors are ass, you gotta basically teach your self.
I want a relationship, not a relationshit.
Call me old fashioned but i really like getting love letters instead of a text message. <U+2665>.<U+2665>
yeah, idc though.. i'm not going back to North next year anyway, soo
Like great blues? Catch 9PM every Monday (2203 N Prospect) - 1 block east of Farwell.
Man I did it big for Wifey 2day..Dinner Flowers delivered to the house then a drive around town..Oh Boo..Im the shit!!!
What did you think of it?
HAHA! The Gf just paraphrased Silence of the Lambs - "Have the cows stopped mooing, Leslie?"
Haha. And yeah, that, too. RT and to keep you from Bellevue
You knob
Constant prayer to the Lord will change your behavior because you will realize that God is with you and in you!
bummer! I ate too much funnel cake at the folk fest and felt a little sick, but no viruses thankfully.
I can't hear you over the sound of your own bullshit.
lol no u cant
Kerr's best argument may be team concept RE: AAU system cultivation. Even if some college programs are sub-par...
#followfriday for always being supportive of local artists and our shop.
says "Awful facility for large crowds. Line out door and hearing room overfull #savekcmetro"
I need to start sleeping with my phone on vibrate. All of the boys tweets kept waking me up.
Sittin' up front and ready to go! RT : #shehechat starts in just a few minutes. Any early birds?
“: Call your sold out prostitute senators and congress”,
aw, thanks! Glad you were there for tech support.
Come out and enjoy the beautiful weather and then at 8 take in some trivia in our basement.
A big thanks to our walk volunteers - many who have been setting up since 5 a.m.
Can we worry about the #NFLlockout before we worry about the #NBAlockout please?
Looking fwd to our chat TONIGHT for prospy studnts! Get any ?s answered by current studnts @ 8pm EST.Check american.edu/admissions to log on
We love this! It's Minnesota. :)
Wow what a day! Phone calls with advisors and friends. Lots of good advice. Grateful!! Looks like I'm moving to the South :)
We’ve only got just one life, this I’ve learned, so who cares what they’re gonna say?
Patch Adams and Jeff Van Gundy are both trending...what's going on here, what year is this?
From school to the Airport from the Airport to D.R. cant wait
dope song and vid bro.
THANK U DEB.. U2
you know you love this life.
man i need to be done with mdc already -_-
Oh 50 HWY your too dead for my liking
how did you know?!!
Good idea RT : Myrland Marketing Moment: Take your best Powerpoint presentation, record your voice over it, & post for clients.
Loved it
and good luck with that '66 Montrose - I'm not convinced it will be worth drinking
You were in my dream last night.
np, miss you too (:
that's too bad! It's 75 here in MN! Maybe you should consider moving back :)))
#SlowFood #Rochester farm dinner was a blast! Who would've thought that Honeyhill Farm's CSA members were all gourmet chefs?
Plants live best in pairs and only water it twice a week otherwise you'll over water it. Any less and you'll underwater it.
RT : Dwight Howard hits the streets for NBA Jam | Joystiq: EA set up an NBA Jam arcade cabinet out on the street in N......
Home cooked meals, fires, patios.
Chilling at the #bellagio. What a sweet hotel.
Happy Valentine's Day! What are you doing for your sweetheart today? Don't forget to check out for your date night!
Thanks to all of our Twitter Friends and Facebook Friends! We are ONE like away from hitting 70! That's super exciting!
If chooses aka Gov. Ultrasound as his running mate, we will have a Bob Forehead matching set.
***5TH ANNUAL*** FALLEN SOULJAS PICNIC MARCH 18TH THURGOOD PARK HAMPTON & 67 FREE FOOD & FREE CRANKS!!!!!
Snatching victory from the jaws of defeat since 1983
I've never been. Take lots of pics. I wanna go to NY so bad. Can't wait to visit the east coast @ some point.
All they do is hate hate on my crew.
Heading to Battledecks
What are you proud of today?
Me too! You are a great host! RT : Thank you guys for last night! We had a lot of fun
haha me too. I mostly watch Victorious, Austin & Ally, How to Rock now (:
fantastic! That makes me :)
"Swung on and there it goes! That ball is high! It is far! It is...GONE!" - John Sterling
That would be awesome! Definitely let me know! I'll look into both of those when I return mine.
Damn Now Im Sleepy . .
i just spent $300 on combat boots on aldo.
Sounds like doesn't have the rights to that cup...
Is the debate whether to put it on something or eat it with a spoon? I can't imagine how anyone could dislike Nutella.
Ok. Stupid question: How do I get multiple photos on my INSTAGRAMED PHOTO OF ___________. Thanks.
RT : Cool: our "Text A Librarian" service is coming this week. Text us with your questions
it's actually just using core aggregator and pulling in a twitter search rss feed and then displaying the Drupal aggregator block
Love them another Legendary Group
umm,ill go if they go :)
Chilling with today :)
2012 Tip: #Homeowners always should insure their homes for 100% of their replacement value
Escape isn't impossible - it's just escape into a different genre.
EXTREMELY sore...
Well, I did know that word before but is the world's foremost portmantexpert.
I believe he was innocent.. without ESPN u wouldn't have even known about it. If it was pujols would u believe him?
then y suspend him? Is it because of colors of his jersey?
Yes & RT : do you use it ===> VERY convenient but also very pricey.
"adequate" is what is being provided by 95%, definitely not a differentiator
You comin with ya auntie and uncle to see unseen beast
ooh! One of my best friends works there! Been meaning to check it out.
People who buy coffee mainly at drive through windows on their way to work spend as much as 2 days a year waiting in line.
. Damn straight! Keep it up, Sir! Can't wait for you to give a clinic on proper science comm at the next #thirstdc main event!
The guy you like must be mentally deficient. I'd say it's time to like someone who will appreciate you as a person!
Watching My Cat From Hell. I love this show! #animalplanet channel. And it's on for another episode!
So it's no longer Tebow time.
I just have to renew my license in the morning then I'm open. Sometime after 10am. The show in C.A. was awesome.
U tell a nigga u gotta bf & he STILL asks for your # ,smh
I love parents being a bigger shit show then their kids at bars.
I want a pussy massage too;-(
- thanks buddy
To the people walking out of culvers, I'm sorry for saying "how was everything tonight?"
Best.Ever. RT : Thanks dear Kimmy. “: Happy Birthday, Mr. T! : )
F our lives
thank you!!! xxoo I need Twitter 101! LOL I still haven't mastered this! Hope Cali is treating you well! : )
Good to hear. They were pretty rad. There's a Flickr group you can post some too, and they'll show up on website.
Which time zone are you in now?!
Operation; #HappyBirthdayJudasVideo Kill The Bitch
Full house at the Washington County Quorum Court meeting
purchased a lemon cake to enjoy during #gameofthrones tonight
Two huge losses in the NFL -- Da'Quan Bowers and Phil Taylor. Both teams will be significantly worse along the defensive line.
What's the world up to tonight?
RT So many bad ads during mad men: internet explorer, google plus and especially miller64
Yes, it's legit. Check it out. You'll be glad you did.
3 readers of which 2 must be positive. Easy to say "revise and re-submit." Reviewers now have to agree to read again.
Remember how missiles were stolen out of Libya during the crisis and a helicopter gets shot down by the Taliban. Hm?
Get at least 32g. You'll need it once apps start having assets for ipad retinal.
I think she is very talented.
The Weeknd is ethiopian? wow come down
Where are all my tattoo models at?
A day for dave... Coffee with friends, the gym and a massage :)
Looks like the Brady Bunch are headed back to the Super Bowl for the 4th time! Only like the Pats bcz Brady was a #MichiganWolverines QB
so do ours:-) we love St Joe
Get well, get well soon. We wish you to get well.
the same to you! :)
It sucks when you know you need to let go, but can't because you're still waiting for the impossible to happen.
Nationwide Model Search
Redsox better win today all I'm gonna say!
hey twitter fam FYI, I'm getting married! in Provence, this August. c'est fou, mais c'est siiii bon
Good morning to the world.. Don't 4 get to Thank the BIG man that woke us up thank you JESUS....
Sure thing....
New web design coming soon.
Thanks for calling me a bitch, that's the kind of level headed and mature response I've come to expect from your side.
Plaxico Burress went to Michigan? I thought he went to Pen State.
is bored and can't wait for July 1st.
I love your openness <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thanks for the tweet out. Can't wait to help you make your big day a memorable one. Great to finally connect.
I'm looking forward to your contribution to #CatsOnDinner Which reminds me... poutiiiiiiiine!
Sounds like fun! :)
I can't wait until tonight's game. I feel like I'm playing
aussies are so amazing, aww so proud to be an australian citizen :')
#WhenAustin hangs out with Alex and makes COOL MORNING videos! :D
Flipcups.com is ready to Add more Shirts for summer, and to release a Brand New Website in a WEEK... Will let you know When its Ready
and more on the way in June!
Mark Daniel has updated www.MarkDanielMusic.com with a few new things.
Overheard - Guy: "If ur free, I'd luv 2 take u 2 dinner." Girl: "Sure. But we don't have 2 bother with dinner if you don't want 2."
WILL U FOLLOW OR REPLY ME?MY BIRTHDAY IS ON TUESDAY AND THATS MY WISH, AND TOO MEET U! I LOVE U SO MUCH <U+2665> HAVE FUN IS ASIA! 6
I feel bad for Bard...he wants to start, the team wants him to start, but since the fans are panicking he won't hear the end of it.
ANGIE DID YOU EVEN GO TO BED
sorry half sleep I was trying to say if they don't throw the playoffs this year we a get it
I will never understand, in life, why the "Electric Slide" or anything in that genre exists- ESPECIALLY in a Cowboy joint. TWO-STEP,PLEASE!
Thanks ! We're super-psyched....
Hi! My name is Zarina, I like to sing! :D
#FF ! He is an overall indescribable dude.He's Really sweet and funny. I love him! Follow him! :D
I just grabbed a shark bacon platter
OED: storminess (1804) G. Huddesford You, like Lunar beam, Thro' my nimbosity arise; Dispensing, from your lucid eyes, Refocillating gleam
only got an hour playa
My 14-year-old is soloing along to Dream Theater. I love days when he has only a little homework and can get right to his passions.
You do an absolutely awesome job for the Falcons and represent our city well. Thanks for all you do and get well soon!
Days pass and feelings fade, I’m wondering if you regret that decision you made.
ooh no yess something must b up
“: If you're an adult man & you get excited about a pair of sneakers I will slap your face.”
Everybody in L.A got some thugg in them.
Back in ohio .
I trusted you , and you tricked me . It's always the same bullshit with you .
He was the creative force behind the Marlins home run celebration...thing.
yeah she can sing, but there are others there too like who are brillant you need to give her some credit.
Donald Swearer has a book like that; I forget the title.
Dane Co. Sheriff's Elise Schaffer: They're hoping it continues to be peaceful. They want to give people access and let others work.
beta members get advance notice of sponsor offers for life. Since each offer is limited, this means you get first dibs. Join now!
the government would preserve/store surplus goods, abolishing the practice of destroying surplus food.
Follow this gorgeous girl! She tweet's daily and always adds amazingly hot photos! Please RT <3! Xx
what's that jeff hardy put on twitter
Hey man, I saw you running that rock the other day! #killinit RT : what's good rob?!
"The only thing to fear is fear itself" Sometimes todays over reaching media and immediate stimulus hurts and doesn't help.
Y my son gotta rub me all in the face, before he falls asleep
Happy Turkey Day :D *Gobble Gobble* #BringOnTheTurkey<3
do it do it do it! #peerpressure ( )
u w/ him? I've been trying to reach him and he won't return my emails! Ese vato... He wears Toms ya know
ard CAPS off
heck yeah
im sorry steph i am here for u girl
lmao my theme song this month haha
Just got home from the mental hospital Thursday and now looks like I'm being sent back.
"diligence search" puts me in mind of "eminence front" (it's a put-on)
neil young and crazy horse at red rocks this summer = dream date
Thanks for following my twitter Deby. I hope your psychism and spiritual pursuits are flourishing!
i juat got a new tv and the first thing i wastched was you!!
ha I remember that :) lol
I've been trying to think of a way to switch up the me bags this yr. It takes us forever to get through them too!
Thanks for the continuous support #
hey how r u and ur dad
Listening to mike Benedict rap on the computer and he fucking sucks lol so cut
Christians are all called to some form of ministry, even of it is not to a pulpit.
RT : Jenny & I are pleased to announce birth of our 2nd child this morning, Annabelle Elizabeth! Mom and baby doing well!
She didnt compare Anne to Hitler, she compared the phrase "The Crown of Motherhood" get your facts straight
However many ways there may be of being alive, it's particular that there are greatly more ways of being dead, or rather not alive.
there's nothing good on tv!! lol
hey fat man.
well not everything...cause ya def don't know as much as I do
I was in twitter jail so I sent it when I woke up
thank you for the retweet - appreciate you sharing
Music Is Happiness, Encourage, Wise, Well- Minded. It all about how much you love it. Express your feelings to the world. Its good quality.
no! your scruff is sexy
I'm a dealer in Cincinnati--just started following
Today is the day
he posted on fb 'I forgot how many games these girls play' uhh, btch no games. Does he not realize how fragile girls are?
Fraggle rock on netflix!
presiential motorcade again f'd up my commute last night, BUT was 3rd time in 2 mos. i was able to flip Obama off from under 50-ft away
I dont have time to waster arguing over the computer or a phone.. waste of my finger strength
and I hate the dodgers at this point too...
ooh gorgeous! Love the sunlight coming in too!
RT : oh they loving crew
#TurcozyDatingTip A gentleman always takes his corpse out for a delicious gluten-free seafood dinner before jumping in the sack.
Mary Kate, Mary Beth, Mary Francis, me...
Public Domain means never having to say you're sorry.
numbers that are hard to say when flossing: fourteen, twenty-two
can it be both..? Does it not alarm you to have kennedy, loney, and dee in the same lineup?
Made some great gunshot sounds and made my cat's purr sound like a huge demon. Fun with
BTW, I feel lame for knocking Zuckerberg's pre-announcement hype yesterday. Organ donation is the easiest decision you can make.
"Be kind to yourself as you seek your own balance, and always remember that acting is not your calling. It's your choice. -Jackie Apodaca"
I really don't wait to rain this weekend so I can work on yard and pool. Im ready to open my pool.
unfollowing anyone who tweets that hashtag.
Rain is on the way
Your tweets taste just like cheap Kelloggs cornflakes, #ComeOutToPlay, about to shake and bake your ass like an easy slay
congrats!! Nice work!
great camera but be wary of indoor shooting, also drops a lot of frames with high movement.
Much respect big homie, thanks for the add man! Orphanz
Cant go to practice again Ughh
I haven't had one yet, either. Probably stopping in later today to try.
Hit the trails at Sewickley Heights Park w/ husband today before finishing Dead in the Family by Charlaine Harris poolside. A+ Saturday.
I didn't even know Ginuwine made videos for all of those songs.
no see guys can fight and then were chill like that's just how it is... And it's basically like u guys talkin it out we fight
I just burnt my finger curling my hair. It hurts like a bitch
In workshop on getting core courses approved. One form has spaces for as many as 24 different approval signatures.
Alton brown. And anything he wants!
wow... Citizens Banks is the worst bank ever. A bunch of fucking crooks.
Most people wait until after they pack up and move before buying stuff for the new place :-)
no class today :) Monday was the last day
Get ready for a day of crazy.
I love you sis
i know watcha mean
#SNL 2012 Shout-out. Love ya #Jimmy Fallon,
the joke tweets about things longer than Kim's wedding
What's cookin' #MKE restaurants? Wanna b more efficient & have more comfortable diners? Try our biz program 4 #energyefficient upgrades!
Ah! I just found a slug in my bathroom!!! Now I'm afraid to use my toothbrush.......
My Body Sings Electric Tour Kickoff | Hi-dive is next Thursday. Who wants a VIP Ticket/Shirt pack for $12?
The #Aztecs are trailing the Rams at the half 30-34.
A little work, some homework, treadmill, laundry, and the Giants game. Clinch it!!
I can see that ;)
It's not like there's an off switch.
#FavMovQuote Sit yo 5 dollar ass down for i make change - Nino Brown New Jack City
favorite song, favorite YouTubers, one of the best videos yet! <3
I Changed My User Name . <U+2665><U+2665> XO
How do you study without club stroz and a passion fruit tea ?
ikr it takes more thought and energy to tell a damn lie smh
Urban Drawl jamming on Highland Avenue all day at the Chestnut Hill Garden Fest. Stop by and say hi, sets at 11, 1 & 3.
On the road of life, I'd rather wear out than rust out.
Rememer when you were in Hillside Elementary School and you'd get those little flowers wrapped in colorful tin foil for Mother's Day?
Playing soccer on a Baltimore team= meeting the entire 3% foreign born population in the city.
Agreed....Romney is the choice that needs to be made!
Avengers, catching up with MLS pals, and shopping for size medium clothes with the bestie at Edinburgh. Great weekend!
Who else got a mass invite today to become an "Associate Member" of the Academy of American Poets? And has never written a poem?
That moment when you continue to eat like an athlete when you're out injured crap.
Hair took a total 32 seconds today.
We make the machine you make them do ! What have you been doing lately?
CASEY DONAHEW AND CAROLINA LIAR ARE GOING TO BE AT TOA THIS YEAR!!!!:)))) #lovethem #sopumped<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Hey Laurie 1 big question. Will Seas 3 have more episodes that Seas 2? 13 is just not enough. & hiatus makes it hard.
#Maryland house- no more delays. Stop being cowards and vote YES on #gaymarriage Doing the right thing is never easy, but it's your job.
it's another rap I hope..dance a$$??
Pretty sure it's Donald Pleasence's hologram. I heard every mid-tier celebrity that died in 1995 automatically gets one.
plzz follow me plzz i beg u
That's for sure!! It's been a cat, dog, and duck kind of day. Lots of time over in our off-leash dog park today.
I want a hedgehog so bad. :c
hahaha take your time there's a killer on the loose
So bummed I don't live in Nashville right now :(
I am not a morning person. It has taken me awhile to admit this because I used to be one. I am not one anymore.
One of my favorites.
fans love your Fall So Hard University comment.
Pumpkin carving time!!!
I'm working on creatively chic-ing. We'll see what I come up with or if I just roll in with a ball gown ;-)
What I've done instead of writing my paper: dl music, FB stalk, look up flights, look at apts in LA, watched MVs, snacked, Draw Something..
Just swam. Keuka lake tri this sunday.
Hmm hard to tell, we can have some buds take a look. What are you thinking?
Why does this thing spell everything wrong, constructing a grammatically sound sentence without feeling like a cretin is difficult.
Thanks for the follow, Tori! We like your site, keep up the good work. Wishbone launches next month - we'll keep you in the loop!
What's in store for today !!
One of these days will be big and famous and I'm going to be sitting here saying I remember him from YouTube<21
The display contrast of iPhone 4 display is 800:1
Yeah dude I feel you on that Whitney was so special and unique that no one can even compare.
Sub in health and watching a movie.
what's the best secret santa gift you've ever given or received? ($20 limit excluding gift cards)
I do. Don't wanna be mayor of it.
Dang some people take life way too seriously (via ) u must tickle them, Zoomy
Thanks lady! Enjoy your Friday!
Take into consideration your existing structures when planning and implementing your #landscaping project
RT thx“: One more time for tonight, please follow she is 30 followers away from 100! Lets help her get there?”
The older the Facebook post, the creepier your "like" becomes.
hope u enjoy. Would have brought back more but I was really drunk.
SHOUT OUTS TO MS.T DOING HER THING OUT IN GRIER!!!!!
So jealous! That is unreal!
So curious about people buying hoodies and shirts that state places they've been. Is your memory of Montauk insufficient?
Oh no the 5 is out!!
what do you mean?
omg you should let your hair grow out then dress like Goku for halloween :D
Congratulations. What are those grades looking like?
Come on you yanks
and now Noah just got injured
Right now we have Riverwest Stein, Eastside Dark, Goose Island 312, New Glarus Spotted Cow, and Tyranena Bitter Woman IPA all on tap.
Just woke up from a nap. Gonna go to softball practice. 1st game is Friday night.
Good to know, I'll def. need to invest in a good set then :)
At the BECC keynote by Robert Cialdini - how social norms determine an environmental ads efficacy.
At the crib antisapating my departure
U cannot take n the future if u can't keep dwelling on the past
#LastTimeIChecked I wasn't born to please you, so why do you think I care about your approval?
you can't drive
Dear Texas sun, let's tone it down a bit...k? Thanks
Is Texas human? Or do they posess the spirit of Chuck Norris and Nolan Ryan? (#Royals #Rangers)
not sure why people still think i give a shit
I' like Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy, looking forward to trying their Oktoberfest when it hits the stores later this month.
Thank you and you're welcome! :)
I thought it was pretty awesome. I don't know how the cigar shape is IP? Any thoughts?
Happy Birthday OG.. Keepin it funky for another year..
Want better content mktng? Focus on the 3D's: devlpmnt, discovery, & distribution nice, insightful post from
Ah best news of the month. Arrived at the hospital to find out they are going to release Dad this evening!
oops thats right, i havent been to canada in so long i had forgotten.it sure is a wonderful thanksgiving...i couldnt ask for anymore
what bid?
I used to think all guys cheated on girls, but now I realize that I sit at bars a lot, and that's where they go to do it.
WHAT!? Already!!??
Just tell mom I miss her and that I said hello
RT : We wish the best in tomorrow elections
Hope it was a huge success!
Why everything thats supposed to bad make me feel so good? Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would...
Beer before I go out? I might be too hungover for St. Paddys Day #liverproblems like actually though... I am not supposed to drink
Mauer catches some "Yo-flu"? For $20M you'd think he'd play nearly everyday, what about 3B? we saw Cuddyer last pm surely he'd b better
Has no sense of honor. He's a coward and hides from anyone calling his bitch ass out.
a day that I work is always a good day :) l/t gotye (REMEMBER l/t?!?? Ahh the #YahooMessenger days :)
Hi hi hi hi(:
Ash brought in just in case we want an interception.
man, you'd think that being you would have better quality in your video podcasts. Seriously guys, let's up the ante a bit, huh?
THE NINE LIVES OF CHLOE KING WILL LIVE ON FOREVER IN MY HEART!!!!
Memphis is making some noise!
Check out the Holiday Art Walk this weekend in Beautiful Little Italy!
Thanks for the #FF!!
all of them suck dick just like Randy Fat ass Jackson
Spoiler alert: each and every member of the Avengers.........has a butt!
Shoutout to Green Bay and those Packers.
Another excellent visit with John Wayne, frozen yogurt and Elevation Burger. Hooah!
For better or for worse, I am the Joakim Noah of my dodgeball team.
if you think that then I'M not the dumbass. decent people act decent ALL THE TIME. even playing survivor
I got this show on the2nd you should come to, anytime else is hard to find me
I am about to peel this motherfuckas muffin cap back blue
Last month our top 10 busiest daytime analysts handled 6180 tickets between them. That's a lot of tickets in one month!
I do love the nostalgic pop culture savviness of Always brightens my day.
this show in general has hear and a brain, which i didnt expect
RT : RT : Don't look where you fall, but where you slipped. ~African Proverb
Let the #sxsw games begin! Heading to Tech Happy Hour
shotty first date
To President Obama, Education is not a solution to our problem, education is the problem. Need change?
yum that's nothing xD I've done more
Wow. The BBC is reporting Chuck's death.
Hey! It was great meeting you too. Your kiddos are simply adorable. Thanks for stopping by!
Done with this child development assignment YES!
omg did we have homework for. Ms.T bae? ;)
On to school closures
Did they have lemon Pledge?
Game of Thrones with the 2 Fast 2 Furious homage
There are an amazing number of people at the DSM airport this early on a Friday. So much for easing into the day.
Anybody want to come watch RIO with me?
Hey u...not him wish i was holdn u rub u to sleep. I miss da touch of yo bald fade....lol
:-)) Thank you!! - RT shoutouts for playing the music we LOVE
somethings are suppose to be between friends can only assume u r prepping for a role where u play the DA
RT : Ditto We <3 the cover did for the #ebook edition of THE MARIA PARADOX! What do you think?...
yup just got out feeling some food
way to jinx him. Geez.
Just watched Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close. Sad and beautiful.
Not on a Saturday just yet? Good work :)
Really happy to hear you're out of hospital and doing ok. Feel better my dear. I'm looking forward to meeting you soon :)
Why is Ashley so gorgeous? I love you &hearts;
RT into mid Dec. and my doors and windows are open, car top down, and loving it. This is why
I had a diabetic eye exam today. I need reading glasses, but that's due to aging. There were no signs of damage caused by diabetes...
let's eat a jar of peanut butter or hit bravo
YST's TLP needs help finding following for our clients: cooking pots, pans, towels and sheets (queen or full size). Thanks!
We agree!
I had one week to get away from everything back home in ohio. And one week just wasn't enough.
Omg drake is gone why is there still 100 million cars on this road ?! #miamisoverpopulatedass!
Hamilton-Brown caught out for 113, ending a 225-run 5th wicket partnership, This is looking to be a good day of
RT : Just finished up a great meeting with Patrick and Tiffany from LPS - feel great about our logistics!!!
Getting on. The freeway now....see you inj 45
I guess the #orioles will be rained out tonight :(
chilling where u been
oh, good idea!
Marvelous Monday! Good #quote to start off the week: "Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later." Og Mandino
Flight attendant took it, had no baggage tags, said "I'll write a note saying BWI". Not a good sign.
Saw Marianne Faithful at City Winery Friday night. I need to live a harder life so my voice has as much character as hers when I'm 60.
Why did the composer spend all his time in bed? He wrote sheet music.
I just finished a 6.46 km run with a time of 42:24 with Nike+ GPS.
thinking we have a ways to go to have thousands following us like Seattle Weekly does.
lucky for you, I'm a miracle worker. I am going to do anything and everything it takes to do this.
hope to see you at the Latin Am food and wine fest thurs 9/29. Info at CityCiao.com!
you watching it?
On my way back from a weekend break on Whidbey Island. Start with a new client tomorrow -I'm a happy guy!
you Look Amazing Cherl follow me :)
hello r u here... I'm outside
hanging in there.
All my followers that have instagram follow me for a auto follow back!!!
the definition of perfect is imposible.
You + Paula Deen = awesome dinner!
nope. Would be nice though.
Average Response Time to Talk to a Doctor 22 Minutes!
Happy Mother's Day! How are you celebrating your mom today?
no, but it will keep me awake nights now. :P
Shit in one of the dryers. Start the dryer.
I feel your pain. What do mosquitoes eat when they can't find human?
nice!!! I may have to do this one too!
There's know I, Me or My in (Team)
": I wish I had Kimbra's lips." I wish I had her pants.
It's been a LONG time since I've been on twitter. <3 #teamfollowback; I follow back!<3
sounds like Wednesday night. "What's your specials? That's what I'll have. A well bud light I mean't a well & Coke." Sigh
#BadJokeSunday Q: What do you call a crab with one giant claw? A: A fiddler crab.
So sad to report, MAX Train Hit and Killed a woman Pedestrian In Beaverton Oregon this a.m.
The Asking Alexandria film was bad. Thank you but I already know how much they party. I didn't need them to "act" it out for me.
RT A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor. ~English Proverb
its awful!
LMAO I nvr THOUGHT of that!!!! Very clever of you! Bravo, my man.
Poised Creation is committed to helping the best charities attack social welfare problems!
RT : RT : RT RT : Every time I watch a video and it stops to buffer something inside me dies
Great meeting you in person at #railsconf! Good luck with the upcoming launch and stay in touch!
Quite in TD Garden!
I need a helicopter!
ah, okay. I will look into it.
is this where you work?
Ryan reiterates he is not "seeking our party's nomination for President."
Thanks #Badgers for a great season! #Bucks are cold tonight...hope it's not a trend for #Marquette too :{
Justin Friedman is one of the weirdest people I know... He called Whitney Huston Courtney Huston... Wow
Absolutely - That is why I do both with and without. How much is revealed without the Libra* words varies from year to year.
inseparable is my all time favorite song. best song in existence in my mind
ok I will ;-) let.me know and dont forget
Awesome, Congrats #Represent!
We offer waxing, facials, body treatments, microdermabrasion, chemical peels, photo therapy, & make up application
New Around Town episode up on #Cincinnati all about - check it out channel 411!
There are an estimated 2,500 collisions between birds and planes each year in the US
our website has a great article on what is wrong with #phillies fans. We'll have a top 9 reasons to hate em later this week too
Unbelievable, at 8:09 the 8:14 train was taking no more bikes out of 4th & King. this means more #bike cars!!!
When a girl likes a guy she usually ends up liking him for a while... Or until the guy starts being and asshole...
CAN I HACK YOUR ACCOUNT TOO?
Finally, a little play for the rest of us. ;-)
At the last Tate Lecture of the year at SMU. Tonight it's Charles Krauthammer & Bill Moyers. This ought to be interesting!
I'm not sure you even need a high school education to say HUH over the drive thru speaker
My life is full of wonderfull surprises,
THAT'S why we fight against those seek'g 2 turn our nation into a #theocracy! That's why we MUST vote out those that use religion to divide!
We have our University funding from CSU for textile oral history gathering!
Call to find out about our Sunless Tanning for an all OVER tan ALL year, AND to learn about HCG so you can lose 1-2 lbs a day!! 702.979.4424
While everyone else is sleeping, I'm still up making movies. Day 1 of 16 for wrecked sleep schedule.
Well honestly no. BUT if Packer nation comes out for him, possibly. It would be a Fourth and 27 kind of thing.
Just for future refernce, the blackened chicken club is downright diabolical 's
Okay, pundits: let people mourn Junior Seau before you turn his death into political fodder against the NFL. There will be plenty of time.
were gonna stick to chill shit from now and on, like snorting meth and smoking crack
Good day to ya You should see iamnothenemy.com/verlosser
Back from Caltech lecture on rare but terrifying intersonic earthquakes and I'm pretty sure I'm going to have some jenga block nightmares.
ladies and gentlemen, mccarthy was right. This country has been in-fil-trated.
'Do I really have to go to school?'
follow me...miss alexis todd if you are watchin march madness!!!!
EVERYBODI FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW HURRY UPP
Misdirected last tweet. Sorry.
Hugs Hugs :)
"Well, thats what NOT to do to impress the ladies"! lol
Missing classic mtv shows.
Can someone set me up with an IV of coffee?
Is that u In the pic
I'm gonna try this long distance friendship and see how it works for me lol cause the local friendships don't ever seem to work
I would still say the Packers #1 need is an OLB opposite of Matthews rather than a S to replace Peprah.
's Spring Awakening is amazing! Bitch of living choreography is better than the original!!!
alright time to throw down with a HO~down bring it
I'm in Italy until mid-June. I'm doing grape-related research in Valle d'Aosta/Canavese. It's good to be back in the field.
Trying to build my Education PLN any help?
Congrats to the Marlins for cornering the market on crazy
I agree. The sunshine after the rain! Beautiful
Can people stop bullying I thought Gaga stood for loving everyone the way they are. Common people. Rep her well <U+2764>
Thank you!
sorry about that guys. It's all set. Thanks for giving us the heads up!
I hope the actor who plays Joffrey gets hazard pay for all the times he gets slapped on
Sometimes indirect evidence can show that direct evidence from original sources is wrong.
A Murder Of One is one of the most perfect songs ever created. just saying.
Come out tonight! Where you ask? 2826 Arnetic in Deep Ellum!
went really well man, thank you. Love Fellowship of Faith. Staff & people are wonderful! A God connection for sure! How are u?
Headache and I can't sleep :'( pretty crappy night
Versace is from the homeland , loves it
Why am I so sad? I just want to cry
make sure you invite your mom to my house ;)
brother miss you!!! PUFF from Croatia..Haha
I'm just about to give up on the party
what do u mean he sucks!?!?
and I got into a fight with ruxin about fantasy football. again, not , but rodney ruxin. I clearly miss that show
Turn off the smooth jazz Christmas music!
thanks for following
I get home from practice and just sit in my car because I'm too tired to get out
Using as another way to keep up with #Japan; curated videos, tweets, and updates.
I'm in love with #oomf & if they ever talked to me, I would melt. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
": 6 days away from #NASCAR #SprintAllStar Race. Watch me tonight at 10:30 on Got Game
If you hated being treated like this then why would you treat me the same way?
love you too briana! :)
Tom Wilhelmsen with his terrific curveball.
Great Weather. Come see us at 3. Madness continues and now I'm down to Anyone but Kentucky!!
(((deb and my dad are staying at the bar while hannah and i party in the pits lawls)))
#np- Tha Joker- We Do It For Fun part 3 #DOPE SONG
Rooooaaaaarrr.!!!!! How 'bout them Detroit Tigers?? Back to Texas we go to win 2 more.
Greg Darnieder, US Dept of Education - look for listing of FAFSA completion rate at every high school in U.S. tomorrow
Sounds good!
Controlling trade show costs is critical to success. What area have you found to be the hardest one to contain?
Thanks for the invite!
#GetAustinToTheTop10 come on n
what are u doing instead?? Sadness
Thurs. Photo Flashback - Dominique Dupuis at Chicago Celtic Fest '06 - www.theconcertstage.com/dupuis2006.html
Since we got out of school a week ago I've already made more money than I did all summer at Cheddars..
Does a chicken have teeth? It kind of has ridges. They're like teeth.
well, I think it's ridiculously cute. I haven't seen his face yet, but I think I'd probably fuck him just cause that tat
RT : If I call you, I'm a salesman. If you call me, I'm an expert - Neil Godin
follow me:)
thanks! *puts fist in air*
thanks so much emily. continuing to juggle...but I think we're getting a little better day by day :)
Time won't let me go
Very little. I've heard he's hilarious. Why?
cosplay? seriously...awesome.
I got u Boo!
Excited to put BL mp3 live on our blog: betweenliberties.blogspot.com ! Child's Eyes this week, brand new song next week!
fair enough. Thanks for the feedback.
Im gon change it to my KIK picture instead in a few days idk. Yhu saw it?
Ewp and latino theater company just got a shout out on npr!
you forgot make peace with estranged kids and their d-bag step dad.
I'm loving this 4G :D
“: Cause on the old mail carriages, they'd hire a sharpshooter to ride "Shotgun" so it wasn't robbed.” Thanks!
The Packers have traded up again. Now 62nd overall -- trading with the Patriots. They're on the board now.
I didnt know my cousin was coming to my house to get her passport and she was waiting outside for 40 minutes. Woops.
We're hanging out tomorrow , done deal j'Corey
: Our pleasure! Thx for supporting &
A tale of two cities: this $0.75 gin & tonic should have its own twitter account + holiday.
Happy Birthday!
yes ma'am
P to the O, to the R, to the N, it's all I watch cause I'm the man.
Don't forget about our free osteoporosis workshop tommorrow from 6-7pm!
Idk if I already replies to this, but thanks.(:
my two favorites. <3
LOL, it's only cause your email address is in my contacts (and we've been internet friends for like 20 years :O).
New criteria for office space: is it big enough for chair races?!
“Partager” (share) a “joyeux” (happy) moment
Step away from the vehicle.
Do you think you spend more time writing or re-writing?
Happy Monday! Beautiful morning for a drive in...no problems reported.
Playhouse West Film Festival all weekend long!!!!
now I have a new favorite way to waste time. Thanks!
Last time: Write something for Tech Reporting class in field but accessible to people out of field. Choice: Variables as references
*~ we beat OneDirection we did it so happy ~*
I FINALLY HEARD #SAYSOMETHIN AND OH MY FREAKING GOODNESS IT IS PERFECT.
And I want you to know, you're far from the usual
So proud of YOU!!! BIG HUGS from Seattle!
New article on Jeff Teague up! Check it out.
Very excited to bring two more characters into the 1st person. I can already hear their voices in my head, just waiting to come out.
RT/ mention thx. Make it a great day!
This job is not for the weak... Law school never prepares you for this.
When will anybody learn that the word "fucking" will always come out of my mouth every other word?
was done writing checks this season--reason for one more!!
only one that actually stays up this late
Sean Spence is going to have a GREAT career with the Steelers
soccer game as amazing we were down 3-0 then came back and tied i scored 2 of those 3 so proud!!!! love soccer!!!
my job is to make something for u to love it or hate and your job is to hate me or love me
i love
meh you live pretty far away lol
love me some Kearney. And the drive from KC to get there.
i don't know what a shamrock shake is but i'm fairly certain it will never be part of my diet
Amendment One would be bad for business in North Carolina. I just voted against
he think he too much um i think not
BF and I just power belted "Against All Odds" by Phil Collins while our cats looked on, horrified.
#parksandrec is the best show.
#icanttrustyouif you've messed with my mind before
Are there any Twitter-famous #hotchicks I should be following?
You are my favorite! I downloaded one of your album on my iPod!
I will thanks so much it's nice to be on my own lol how you been wats new
Really? That's odd, you know how twitter has its moments. Lol. Try doing a search on my name and adding from there
listening to lil wayne
Many thanks, Mark. See you soon! : Congrats Mizell on new VP, content job. You'll be great.
#Estate sales folks are the sleaziest people!
I need a new avi..
u got to be bored. Nothin goin on in Chi but Janky Promoters?? Get out there and go to some jazz clubs or sumphin!!!
RT : RT : Q2 has me excited for upcoming road races right around the corner!
#Obama is the best Republican president we have had since #Clinton! lol
Create strategic alliances with the Utility & County -- Let's work together to create growth.
at least they're good at being overated lol
Had so much fun at the twitter party. If you don't already follow them and you are a parent, you should!
Sometimes Presidents have to swallow their pride to be able to best help the hurting in our Nation. They have to go against the grain
have you been checking your po box?(:
Brand new KARAOKE show tonight at Karma.hosted by Carly Rose. Also karaoke tonight at the Irish Knot in riverwest.hosted by Keegan
Sorry you are dealing with that, too!
Thanks! Had no idea where the Rochester market ranked.
Chinese New Year is like having a second Better New Year's.
The earth laughs in flowers.
Looking forward to the hit! RT : Brian Blade Fellowship
Student art from afterschool programs around the state of #CA. well done!
Thank God for Twitter! You think maybe Google+ had anything to do with it. LOL.
follow us
So wonderful to collaborate with and ! Can't wait to work with these lovely ladies!!!
just watched Kung Fu Panda 2. it was really cute
I never thought of that! Thank you for that tip.
I can't wait to see you guys in Chicago. I just bought my ticket!
Hello people I need a place to live next year so if you need a roommate holla
Idk why but whenever I'm scared laying down in bed I always feel like my blanket will protect me.. Lol.
Movie recommendation is an old school fav "Cooley High"
tough loss but good game. we'll get em tomorrow nite but in the mean time, Kid K i'll miss you man
We need to get on our station ASAP
So if there is any biz they don't want using it, can't let any biz use it.
PS. On that 10", how amazing was the song "Say Anything" ?!
i can see the anger about the lack of differences with the endings, but there is an ending. This is all im saying about this
Can't wait to start the iOS/Print duo of my subscription today. Always exciting to see how innovative interactive print can be!
Did you attend the meeting on April 19 concerning CEO Paul Jablonski's salary increase? What was the outcome?
Did the Door County Century ride yesterday! 100 miles in some of the most scenic area of Wisconsin! A really great time and experience.
get em' CeCe!!!....those are some fierce shoes!!!!
headed out to to help support for their #FightHolidayHunger 2day radiothon!
#warhammeronline #harcoregaming EVEN BETTER!! I don't have pepper spray but I will by tonight.. and a taser for each time you lvl
Should get up into the upper 50s way up there in Seattle, Sean.
Why am I watching "Why Planes Crash: Fire in the Sky" on MSNBC? I fly too much to watch this.
GOOD MORNING TWITS!!!? ON F/B
It is amazing the hurdles we jump and websites we break in order to filter a school's Internet.
Can you help us RT our next tweet? Is for Georgia SPCA. Let's help them find a good home for Oddie and the rest of animals at the shelter.
We'll be open at 6pm for the game. We Added a new hd widescreen projector for the game tonite. Drink specials all night.
Just saw hunger games. #dontgetthehype watch #battleroyal instead
it is like "I agree" something like that e_e
My mom telling me about how she was so popular in highschool lmao >>> my mom was a pretty cheer leader though
Actually the GC does provide business cards, but only for Level I students....maybe we've had this conversation?
#Takeabreath. Rainy day - great day to rest and read. It's great for your mind and body.
Overgrow the Government
It's in there!!!
It's going to be months before I can get the catchy Todabom Vodacom campaign jingle out of my head.
Have fun with Dirk today! &
yep; I stalk you! (not)
you're phony and lame. Maybe Twitter will take your $$ to remove my tweet. Have a nice day :)
too bad you couldn't wait 45mins. woulda made u work for that
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
Hi guys.
Shea Butter Scrub is a luxurious blend of super moisturizing organic Shea butter blended with Carribean Sugar Cane...
i didn't know that about cats. thanks for the history lesson. go grays!
Any chance of a retweet for a UK brother who quit his job today and needs a pick me up?!?
Bobcats over Michigan!
I was joking. Relax.
It's so nice to have you tweeting on West Coast time for a change. Enjoy your time in San Diego!
I'm the lucky dinner guest of tonight! Are you a fan?
JUST GOT MY VOTE ON!
lol I typed it wrong ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
CONDO BOARD MEMBERS! I can help you save money on your association's insurance, better coverages & improve quality of life. Call me ASAP.
Longest day ever. Junior year is finally over. Seriously don't know how I made It through without killing myself.
I'm iight just been grindin hard in the studio. you already
Fishing with and !
Fuck society's idea of beauty. Everyone is beautiful, inside and out. No matter what anybody says.
you have other piercings so its cool lol but the stud as your only facial piercing is played. lol
"I've loved the Jackrabbit nickname all season. Now get to see them in person in Albuquerque." Can't wait to have you here!
Help us hit 104 Dream Makers by 7PM & One Mission Foundation will donate $50,000 to #MixCares4Kids Radiothon! Call 800-457-KIDS. Let's GO!
Pardon my ignorance, when is that? p.s. Congrats!
It divides
He wasn't worthy of a goose neck. I wanted to wring his little goose neck.
not even close. They miss worse PI than that ALL the time. GREAT non call.
this ones actually good too! :3 I love pomegranate!
and I just watched YellowBrickRoad and fell in love. What a masterful psychological thrillfest!
Just followed and Excited to read your tweets!
i wish i could! :( but ill still be cheering u on! :) xx
-somebody voxer me I'm bored! :)
I love that restaurant~the Guacamole Texacono is my fav ;)
Enjoy your Pizza Hut! That sounds good! What kind did you get?
Lang Lang discusses the important work of his foundation, live on our Ustream. #CSOLangLang Last minute questions?
Aloha!!! Great stuff.
I hope that Season 3 of Game of Thrones brings more Downton Abbey/GoT crossover actors.
That was a subtweet aimed directly at myself, by the way.
It went co-ed after I graduated. I lived in Alumni (now Pinon) for my first three years at State.
save me a plate shit sounds beyond good
He was robbed. And I say that without having seen it! :)
Happy Mother's Day to all the single teenage mothers out there. To those who are struggling, to those who wanna give up. You're beautiful.
oh no, it has more to do with the kids...
new friend, a recent path-crosser or alter ego?
HEY HEY HEY!!
On the road to Copperas Cove!
program goals are 300 students by end of school yr...we're at 270 right now! thanks for helping us reach them!
omfg mine too .-.
Watching little foot ,
you're up to something ...
LL Cool J turning the Grammy's into Church.. Lol
you got a show in SD tomorrow? Where?
Straight from NY Pizza on Belmont....m
5 shots in, nobody has hit ball in. Fail.
I hope that u had great birthday.
Arab participation in Israeli education system is increasing dramatically. -Hazzan.
Stay tuned for beautiful billboards!
Oh my goodness! My prom dress is almost finished I feel like #PrincessBelle when I wear it(:
Hm Hawaii in a month..(: heckyes<3
Good reminder. RT “: That really difficult truth that is breaking you is life's way of teaching you the path of acceptance.”
Packing up to go to with
I read Dewhurst supports sanctuary cities. If I knew nothing else, that would be reason for me to back
i would very much prefer a hot boyfriend hallucination lol
I think you'll seriously look stunning in the pink dress. :)
3 minutes added time.
I know, I feel bad. Some others were trying to say hey and couldn't reach me either.
All #Chicago residents - check out the Chicago Tribune this Sunday for a great story about Nextdoor!
music is my life...end of story
Colin Quinn?
Lazy afternoon watching one of my all-time favorite movies: The Usual Suspects
"I want to hear a gangsta rap song about buying a Cy Twombly painting or dating a museum curator." -John Waters in via
every time you retweet one of my tweets, it just reminds me of how much i miss you and everyone else.
I'm in a country mood! Jamming the radio at work!
The usual complete inability to comprehend how municipal governments function is fun too.
Looking for road trip photos! A drive thu Tuscany, RV across USA, and motor biking around Thailand. Got Pix? Send them!
Its funny seeing all the dads and kids at the store buying flowers and cards last minute haha
There you go screenwriting students. That's a freebie.
one my hope, my soul, my life for you <U+2665>
My little girl is doing so well potty training... 4 days with no accidents. Now I just need to get brave enough to take her out places.
Tonight my dream are not letting me sleep!!!! It's 1:30 am and I am day dreaming and dreaming big!!! #dream do
Ok let me go check my email. Hang on.
Bad shooting game so far for both teams.
Gonna cry myself to sleep tonight :,( no One Direction concert for me :,( #IWantedToGoSoBad D,:
d rose fucked em hard but i think itd be so sick if they got to the finals and blew it again.
im studying we can talk about this at practice tomorrow lol
heard you on espn Milwaukee yesterday good story. I already cheered for you. Now im getting your jersey.
What are some of your favorite ways to use JOIA as a mixer?
Omg this coffee is delish
Mother Teresa - Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier.
#madmen Pretty sure I have done something similar once or twice!
Dear Randy Wolf, Home Runs are bad. Sincerely, a concerned citizen
Power on. Yeah timeouts suck, but man the fumble ... the fumble ... the horror ...
If you drive by McKinley Field or Hampton's on King Saturday afternoon, give us a honk.
Hahahaha don't worry I finished
Playing with my baby chickens(:
Great day to rock a bow tie.
Working out fits any occasion and never goes out of style
Annie looks so sweet!!! Hope she finds a wonderful home for Christmas
me too! And yess. Is yours!?
Sampson leads league in wins and strikeouts. The only area he trails is ERA, and that's from pitching against better competition
"like" button.
Bout to go hit some trails with the atv. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
yo man big ups to my main man rick ross
You know me, you really know me. You understand me, you know the mistakes i've made and you still accept me you don't know what that means..
#netflix #theconspirator neat historical flic now
State, Local Laws Adding to Foreclosure Problems FHFA Official Says
it would be my second time presenting there. Just want to show a little diversity on my CV.
France&#39;s Juppe says sanctions against Syrian regime have cut its financial reserves in half
This 9 hour test is #brutal. I immediately regret being an #engineer. #beers to come
I've been singing about working on old cars but it's been a while since I have,
they love this southern swag!
Off to acting class kiddos!
haha nah wouldnt call you guys freaks. lol unless you were referring to another kind of freak. jk jk jk.
I wish.
North carlionas "America's" play is good as shit and smart :)
Tonight at hot topic! 2/4 of Currents united. While Tony was hard at work, Crosby and him were approached by a few fan girls! Pretty coo ...
omg Giraffe :(
Congratulations on your beer-infused awards!
Idk how my brother got a girlfriend
competing or judging Mr.?
It's My DNA
#BOYFRIENDReviewit's amazing song which comes from your heart...we love it J!!!!
Oh the hell! We were going to stop there on Sunday, but I told everybody it didn't open until April 1.
Come on Packers!!!
New Stone Age = hands-down favorite store in LA.
Great attitude, and it's all gonna pay off for you on super sunday!
53 pilgrims and about 91 Indians celebrated the first #Thanksgiving in 1621, but it did not become a national holiday until 1863
And that's all for now twitter folk.
Aye girl you cute ;)
We are still looking for a male actor for our upcoming play: "I, Gotcha" Joe Tex and the Soul Clan! may 2oth-June 6th.
Going to work today? Leave your "AUTO DESTRUCT" in ACTIVE. Oh how your co workers will love that!
I have my doubts lately more and fucking more...That's all, God help me...
Just buy a $99 simple touch.
It feels fuckin nasty outside.
wants to make the perfect song that unites the world, so Rufus can come back in time and take me on an excellent adventure
R u single?
I want a picture of the crazy loon who went ape over ice cream.
Join today for #kizomba at 4pm.
Happy 175th birthday to #Chicago!
Anyone want to be my new friend???
in the lake?
YES IT IS BOLD! But let me tell you,when i release MY Blues'd out rendition of"Nothing else matters" by metallica THIS WEEK..Stand Back :)
Jamming to some music!
New motto: Choose the Booze
Is so frustrated rite nw Idk wat to do wit my self !
What am i doing ? who knows
Absolutely, thanks!!
Could literally eat an entire box of strawberry gushers. No problem.
vegas you know youll visit :p
Boneless wings with and and
Night tweeps!! Gotta get up in less than 5 hours.
Great class tonight. I love #brianreiseactingstudios! You ROCK!
you dont have a boyfriend?
Good Luck to all our CIM friends and members tomorrow. What a big day it will be. GO RHETT!
wrote song number seven for Volume 2 today.....with Jon Weisberger and Peter Cronin....a really good one if i may say so.....
Mission and New Montgomery today, 11-2pm.
How you been sis? Don't cut them 2 bad....lol
Hey there! We running tomorrow morning?
note to self: get to bed early tonight
Missed you again today at Union South! But I'll be there at least twice/month this year so I'll eventually run into you!
I know. Doesn't everyone. :D
Do you think Gov. Martinez has done a good job during her first year in office? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
You mean like syncing your Springpad contacts & events with multiple Gmail accounts and Google calendars?
You will never run out of money if you alwayz keep 6 monthz backup of your salary untouched.
....., we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand." Vince Lombardi
Another 1 down!
Maybe today I'll break through to 200 followers?
Working Late Night solo tonight- perf chance for you all to come mock me... PS: all cocktails limited to 2 ingredients. Thx
Getting some rain here in Kearny Mesa
haha thanks girl;) <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
i been out all night !
Amen RT : Not sure I understand the marketing strategy of companies that send out emails EVERY day to announce the unremarkable.
Last night I interviewed alto saxophonist and flutist James Spalding for the jazz museum's Harlem Speaks series. He's a wonderful spirit.
#Hot97 's brings hip-hop to Fridays at the Lough Lounge!
I just want to make myself some damn coffee and work on my paper. Gotdamn it.
A2) Dreams are God given & to be used to eventually help others, while fantasies are selfish.
I think aau is certainly a positive in many instances, but there r sum negatives just like hs ball.
Almost ready to submit to the Droid market. what an exciting time for Hairologie!
RT Driving fast and with one hand is
or you can pay
Our swag bags are getting full! Over 20 local biz have donated all sorts of goodies! Thanks so much for making #bloodybrunch a reality!
Come on! what was that jury thinking?! so what if she had good behavior she killed her baby! BABY KILLER!
Over it.
u r right. we'll fix it soon. really appreciate ur willingness to try us.
“: Hey Kurt, put Jesse James on SOA? ” hell yes!!
Im sure he will do it for everywhere! he will be doing a lot of concerts all over the world so there will be a lot of OLLGs!
Full flt to Chicago & boarding is taking a while. Let's go, people, bc I need a drink!
because of ,trademark laws we are looking into ,reopening Blow Family Music Factory ,with our lawyer's.
Oh because Woody Allen is a Knicks that's why the MSG Network is currently showing Annie Hall. No wait. What?
Strange when dissent of any kind isn't tolerated.
That makes sense, same boat here boo
Madison, WI businesses.Check out ! Plenty of space available for you to post your coupons for "black friday" and the holidays
“: The "what to call CJ" conundrum is plaguing me today. >> someone yesterday said, " you've been saponged!"
The inside scoop....
Of course, getting sucked into Twitter is very anti-busy bear mode. Signing off for now...
Hi, Anita! Thanks for following, and looking forward to the chats
Thanks for following!
Noted! Will seek them out soon.
Anyone is interested in opening his/her own online store? Let me know to see if i can help!
Now I know who my real friends are. I make an effort and you blow me off? Whatever.
tx so much for the RT! So nice to meet you!
He has to know were here... You're fucking cat man!
I'm well aware of Chelsea massacre occurring right now. I choose to ignore it.
Cant wait till u come to dallas and houston !!! :D
we do live in Wisconsin after all
deborah says thank you! ; )
Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day!
you were following me but noticed you're not anymore, truly a Black Friday haha
Brothers in Blue Hell, once again.
Las Vegas money shrugs at Petrino firing - USA TODAY (blog)
Teaser and trailer and website up soon. Looking forward to your comments!
Yes, thanks Imelda! Hi Tammy! :)
Bed time
I can't get to #etsy on IE or Firefox today. Anything happening here? I'm bored.
Right now at my hotel's room balcony waving to my fans and listening to 'em screaming for my name. Love when they sing my songs <3 LOVE YOU!
"when it get serious dem call babylon." -vybz kartel
Lord, beer me strength.
Great meeting & today to discuss & Love meeting like-minded people!
Hate that airport with a passion. Even the Admirals Clubs there are just this side of purgatory.
And many argue that that influence has been detrimental to my otherwise fine wit
Loving someone and being Inlove with someone is 2 differnt things! I Love Alot of people but Im inlove with No one.
I have been laughing my butt off! Love it!
Time for some NBA All-Star Game action!
You should show us tomorrow!
Today I will be graduating from Roosevelt University's Chicago College of Performing Arts with a Bachelors in Horn Performance.
Also, did Rachel set a record for crying on the race? Every episode, right?
a voice of an angel R.I.P Whitney Houston
And I fuckin prove why the hell they say I'm that dude..
is it on YouTube yet?
Foregin ass people.
is there still a line out the door to see Experience in this winter wonderland?
PHUCK YOU !!! STOP TWATTING AT YOURSELF
Yeah!!! Good to know u doing better!!!
People calling in to The Kojo Nnamdi Show -- that I am on right now -- are supportive of my position against extending bar hours.
Thank you for your support
No naughty thoughts. Just a brain wanderin' around. :)
Up early for Estacada Invite for XC... Watch out Estacada, Camas is coming, gonna be awesome race...
text me 9851350
You know how when you're alone you refuse to look homeless people in the eye? Well, Justin Bieber's mom has 1 million followers on Twitter.
just want to say, I love your show.. It is very smart and hard talk too.. Love the debates and the opinions on both sides....
he was sitting on our water spicket outside this morning (: I love him
At #seahawks game today. Gonna get loud. I hate the #giants too
My name is now Tayla. According to my sister.
Oh shit battery is at twenty percent!!! How will I ever holler at fat hos on twitter dot com now
Stepping on a Nigga jays or forces...... Intentionally
Exactly how many poop jokes does it take to get verified on this thing?
#ComplimentSomeoneOfTheOppositeSexDay your beyond hot!! I just wanna lick you all over. Lol! Best compliment I can think of
All branches are open to serve members. All ATMs are available except Hillcrest. Online services are available.
i might move back to summerland Vegas when I get back my mom has been sick and my family still lives out there.
nice to feel needed! Upset to hear about the book/treasure taxi loss.
All three New York Public Library Systems are definitely needing funding and support to save their libraries. So support is a good thing!
Shared via from NDWFD Station 52 'Carderock': I just downloaded this app and think it as cool as cool can be
lol epic c:
ahahaha me either -keeps walking around-
Kelly Barton~ Water is the most neglected nutrient in your diet but one of the most vital.
#cyberbully is so sad ...i cried
No, and I'll be in Carlton part of the day. Will check it out.
thanks man. you can also check us out on facebook user name debon de-bon
where are all the LeBron haters tonight or jokes about only playing in 3 quarters?
Also: Hawaii
here it's all new dotcom money, old money = 1860s. Hilarious.
june 5th cant get here fast enough #clubparadise w/ *!%!#!&? :D
Giving up on the Badgers already?? RT : #Bucks are fun again
mmmhhhmm sure u dont he wants ya nd r u guys bck? :p
Dont u hate it when u really like a guy but he has a girlfriend so u no u cant be with him :(
Business buyers are people too. B2B marketers can benefit from using more emotional marketing messages.
And all those American-made cars, too. RT : Those jobs...helped me by 14 houses....
why thanks ya gorgeous :)
I like you so much . Everything would be easier if you were closer to me </3
WE welcome "Glamorous Sensation" to AgooBiz // The Social Commerce Network!
Well..... goodnight Facebook. Hope u enjoyed the Grammys!! What was your fav part? ;)
Tough Mudder Team Wired Waffles Saturday September 29th! let do this!
awesome... the belt celebration is one to be shared among the #packernation!
Ignore my DM. lol You were already aware.
Just kidding, it will only make me sad. I'll watch/post tomorrow.
#jazzfest2012 (I had to do at least one hashtag.)
follow me pleasse
“An attitude of gratitude brings opportunities.” from Yogi Tea
lol I was getting my clean on
WHAT!!? really!?
Thankful to see another day!
Ya know... It just occurred to me that I've never seen two cats humping. Hmm.
Some students had me watch that. Mind blowing stuff.
that would be the biggest waste of money and your biggest regret
Is going to work!!! Love working maybe get few things before work! Have a great night!!!
was like, I'm glad I'm not a guy cause I'm pretty sure I'd be ugly and have a small penis.
Check out INCOMPLETE PASSES for free! Giveaway now at !
Please tell your person mommy to feel better soon. I missed her at work today.
Can't wait to run down by the lake after work!
Shut Up Though.
And check out friends over at
#ThatChickHadNoClue she had a hole in her exercise pants right in the crotch area while doing her thai #kickboxing class! #Yikes!
I had to leave my bedroom cause I was laughing so hard, I was afraid to wake up Bentley. & your not fat, shoulda seen me the
:) thank you. Love you guys and only want the best for you!
you are
RT : Be smart about your image & HONEST in the PROMISE OF YOUR BRAND. It is the deepest way to ensure yourself success.
RANDOM PERSON READING YOUR TWEET AND ANSWERING BACK! <-- Also never happens with text :)
I have to get up in 3 hours and I can't sleep ugh :/
The #Bachelorette is a year younger than me and looks about ten years older
I'll give you what you need like a weeknd song
Next week's courses: Access-Intermediate Pt 1, Excel-Intermediate Pt 1 & Acrobat 9 Pro-Advanced. More info go to www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
Can't wait!
came in person to apply for a job today, hopefully Holly Haddad of HR gets my resume! Would love to join the Adler community
Finished putting grades in* *two students are holding up two classes, for very good reasons.
That is hilarious. And good riddance.
This heat loss brings joy to my heart..LOL!
I'm so over being cold 24/7
ah Jenn! You are so amazing!! I love you so much!! Congrats on your book release today!!!!!
The '16 and VOTE GLOBAL CAMPAIGN' Champions Lowering National, State and Local Voting Ages to Sixteen (16) ALL Around the GLOBE
Saw a t-shirt that said “jesus was a ginger” explains why they crucified him
Nice out at the plate to send it to the 17th
A mouse just ran across this lunchroom floor
At #SAA2012 #saa12 ? Stop by our booth to enter our raffle! Prizes: norton facsimile of the first folio or a signed copy of The Swerve!
all she is doing is bitching about how no one wants her.....
Aggh..vas a ir a Dubai o a Nueva York? :D
Thanks, Adam!
It happens man. Thats how online has been for me. Just a short stack grind. Your the man keep it up
ew why do you laugh like that
who is playing?
Breakfast for dinner
i forgot all about that girl
Lol you'll do great hun! Plus you'll visit often im sure. Good Luck! :)
How nice! What's the Boulder race in which you're competing?
Telling me you gave my neon to your favorite customer isnt a good way of trying to pry a new out of me. Selling more beer would work better
Just watched #theriver. Creepy show.
Learned on morning jog, listening to David Blight's Civil War lectures: 2 of 5 black men who fought alongside John Brown were Oberlin grads.
LMAO RT : Remember Madonna spelled backwards is old broad who can't sing and dance anymore
You're free to tweet whatever horrible misguided sentiment you want, but I'm free to call you out on it. Just respond honestly.
I'm sorry to hear that
Awesome Zombie Crawl 2011 teaser video coming very soon.
Usher singing Scream on SNL...i was dancing in my seat! :)
How the hell do I get from Baltimore to Martha's Vineyard?
that deer had it coming...
Just want to get out of this english class NOW!!!!
hahahaha, we got them lined up.
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Tax Day.
I don't plan on listening either, haha.
Your the one to talk...
Human ribs? Ewwww.
Lady Gaga and Beyonce are the new generation of glove wearers. Or should I say Glove Warriors. They are fantastic performers.LaCrasiaGloves
I still don't get it.
Congrats to and the Spalding baseball team for winning 3 games today and the national championship tonight
I miss her but im damn sure not going to beg
Just wanted to give a shout out to the First Day of Spring!! Holla - can't wait for some warmer weather and spring flowers ;)
Uh I fell off of spanish the thing I 4get Is wat too say bck. Lol
My colleague has partnered with Niobe Way at NYU and I have partnered with feminist/queer groups (3/3)
RT Congratulations to for her "call-up" as the Coach for the 2011-12 Season!
I just figured it was worth a shot. Thank you anyway though
Happy Social Media Day to all our followers! Come in for a refreshing iced tea today to celebrate!
Jersey with the sister <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Alssid: "#College and community based orgs are fighting for the same resources" yikes. #policy needs ways to lift up both.
amendment struck down according to
I'm rung for secretary of RHA 2ma
People always say what they would do if they were in a situation but when the situation arise its a differnt story.
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
that translates to "I Am Score" .... actually everything malkin says in russian does
Off Season Now... Trying to do this Fast, Done! Pre-season games, of Superbowl 48!
#AGilrThat can stand up for herself and others
RT : Why do we so often think in terms of 'What can we cut'? #jhusmed #edchat True, negative thinking
i was asking...but i have a feeling that everyones gonna play..i see ur a fan of new york teams..
Geesh! That's expensive! I remember seeing them in Grand Rapids for about $10. I'm old & Miami isn't cheap.
We have a total of 15 locations across the valley, drop your zip code in here www.DunkinDonuts.com
Who's Justin? I miss you. Come back to me.
Plz notice me!! I'm a huge fan of yours!! :)
No prob, what's been up with you?
kinda have to wonder about the textbook buyers in the Hillsboro SD, too. It's like, you can preview the books first. :S
Michael Jackson is making more money in a month. Sing dead then I will make in my entire life. Depressing.
GONNA GET ON THAT WOW
Fe = iron. Male = man. Therefore, I am Iron Man!
hey are still awake? And who are you pertaining to. Who's too lanky? Are you pertaining to ?
hi leh neh <---- how your supposed to pronounce my name, Jaylean<--- how i pronounce it(:
appreciate the inquiry. let us know if you have any questions. otherwise, have a good weekend!
Happy new year!!!
Involved in an M&A transacton/corporation restructuring? Complete due diligence re: visa-employees well BEFORE transaction is complete.
Good morning all my Twiggaz & FB Fam #PrayersUpBlessingsDown have a good day!
then come on
Developers, you know what would be #useful? #hashtag alerts, for conversations I might be interested in
I don't have to be up this early every day, but I choose to wake up because I'm determined to push myself harder.
haha i know I'm sorry
Is it wrong to dye my dogs hair red? He needs a different look.
Much love to the Twitterverse! After a small break for some deep breathing, I'm back :)
The heart has its reasons that reason knows nothing of
This could not have been any longer. I'm tellin ya...
what sign are you if I may ask?
Great weekend! Saw old friends &made new ones @ the PAFF Market.Saw Safe House:)attended genealogy wrkshp & a friends b'day party. Good time
LOL so RT I'm older *sticks tongue out* lol
Looking 4 themes? Check our monthly blog post #themethursday. Today we featured 's Expositio. bit.ly/uO0mT6
happy birthday Tay! :)
t mobile and AT&T
super tired!
Wish me luck. I am having my scalp cut open this morning to remove a sebaceous cyst. There will be stitches. There will be blood.
Looking for some pizza donations for our bands this evening. Anyone? Ledo fed hill?
Hope every1 is having a wonderful monday!! Don't forget to tell all your friends to follow us!! We really appreciate it!!
Justin dedicated Where Are You Now to Jeremy, Turn To You to Pattie, and Down To Earth to them both. What about your idol?
Well considering I've been home from England for over 2 weeks I think it's about time for me to unpack... <U+E411>
Working on presentation 13/14 today! Woo! Tomorrow will be P7s and any late W6.
Well big agency life it's been a hell of a ride but It's time to move on.
This class fucking blows.
So awesome ! RT : Very cool. Take pics! RT : Got to wear purple bracelets for at Warped Tour tonight!
is that a private rooftop or ??
mr. sun please shine your rays on me today.
almost done. hang in there!
My mom says I'm a catch.
I should point out that Ramirez did throw that guy out earlier.
#69Factsaboutme 55. I want ice cream now.
RT : 'Gon and cop a sweatshirt from and let me wear it #SoIKnowItsReal .
life's getting boring , i need something to spice it up this year.
How can I bear it, conducting so much music about genocide, atrocities, loss, war and death?
But really Brian?? Really???!
Jeordie Klueber, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
The problem with Lebron, all the hype put on him and his nickname "king" why....? He doesn't have an NBA crown.
I won't.... This sucks so bad
I only heard it that once, seems to have stopped
Watching the #MelissaAndJoey finale and spending time with my roomie & our kitties!
IQ2US audience gasps and applauds "For" side wins "Ban College Football" with a 37 point swing!
Just finished writing my story about something strange being done to protect a man's home from a wildfire. Editors have it now. on KOB.
have fun wit that hopefully ur kids nvr find out.
My friend has them we're on season 7:)
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go! - Play Alganon
So I need to team up with who agrees? ;)
This nigga got me nuggets with no sauce mayne
Crashing in just a bit...LONG day tomorrow getting poked & prodded by my doc, to see how well (or not) my slow, long recovery is going. :P
its a good good life huh? Oh tittuh. I luh you.
And somewhere, is giddy about this RT : THEY'RE going THERE with THEIR friends. It's called grammar, use it.
Might have to give my car back to Acura b/c they lost the title which means i cant register it -______- #Seriously ??
That sounds like quite a blend!!!! :)
“: #PeopleLikeUs change the world.”
that's my favorite one
“: Follow this guy and your life will be changed: #FF”//It's true, without Evan, I'd hate the Phillies less ;)
i'm down to do that lol
I am done w DLD. Going to Darkness at Surly instead. I have some reasons to believe this yr DLD will be a brofest.
Detroit has a lot of great things to offer in the way of musicians! Be sure to support your local artists!
Working on future columns -post HS transition/options for young adults w/special needs across spectrum; LD, phys/cognitive delays- thoughts?
It's times like these that I'm very thankful for indoor plumbing. I just wish my dog knew how to use it.
Bachmann and her self-hating homo husband make me long for the days of Palin and her self-emasculating homo husband.
Check out my "Zend Framework...Without Inhaling" article in the Nov 2011 issue of php|architect magazine. Give some love!
I just want a guy who will come and sweep me off my feet.
I said I was having trouble getting it off my hard drive but I switched to NTSC from FAT32 (obviously) and all is well
It is when you give of yourself that you truly give
####### Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com
I know the feeling. My "to read" list is like 150 books. That's like 3-4 years of reading.
did the servers for D3 go down again?
": *News Bulletin* Anyone "claiming" to be a #SADE fan who does NOT have OR heard of [LOVE DELUXE] should Log Off NOW!"<~AGREED!
I've lost 2 pounds since Wed! Making it 7# lost in Oct! Total: 30# this yr!! Btwn mile+ walk w/MTM & awesome V3: feeling gr8, loving this!
yeah I'll totally be there. Lol
You're my disease
Whatever the star trek remake or the recent comic movies did to legitimize nerd culture, comicbookmen is undoing
way u kno bout dat asap marco
That's a very hard question to answer in a tweet :) I'm sending you 2 links to Youtube videos that I uploaded that explain
I used to live above a bunch of frat boys. They'd sing that song at the top of their lungs whenever they got drunk.
Help me get more followers?(:
Sounds great! Would love to see what you come up with. The possibilities are endless
that's really confusing. Haha
Assembling into formation not to stress the obvious but very blowy up here, loud and downrightr chilly
This fiscal compact treaty could lead to Ireland imploding w/ massive cuts & lay offs in the public service.
is looking for a digital designer. Apply within.
It's ok if you must, but keep it focussed on 1st year as much as possible.
2nd half lets go!!
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.- Mother Teresa
the only person assaulting is you calling me an A-Hole. I simply teased a writer to "get a writer." Standard tease after lame joke
Joint Chief of Staff tells troops in Afghanistan, if debt deal isn't reached, they'll have to fight but not get paid.Huge for SD.
Whenever your feeling down, remember: You are the Sperm that won! .......LMAO! Definitely remembering this.
Lucky Lady!
I sure do!
Someone is setting off fire crackers by the pool lol
what a weekend.
Kevin Chaney AHRQ - Using technology to promote well being & independence in older tech resistant adults #health2stat human factors approach
Ikr! I rlly liked her she rlly improved over the season
#speakingvolumes3 will be announced next week. Christian producers, email for more info stat!
Don't you hate the 140 limit???
HEY! LISTEN! We'll be closed _tomorrow_, Thanksgiving Day... So come down tonight for some pre-holiday fun!
Excited about The Unconvention at Rice today. Open House to everyone in the Houston area.
RT RT #SHOUTOUT #ff nEW #FOLLOWER NEEDS SOME HELP OUT HERE SHE WILL
#00MF stop texting me !
Don't understand what Chelsea Handler has against Diddy. Love 'em both. Why the hate?
Just got done painting with my otha mommy....now....I want sum ice cream
Happy easter! pc4pc???
If I could just break away from Madden 12 I would most likely _____________
I went last year! I had a blast. really hooked it up last year.
Happy to have as a new follower here on Twitter...
Southern ladies can be genteel but dont rile them up per Tamron Hall
Just want to tell you something I watch your video today. I suggest you add closed captioning on video. Because I am Deaf.
I'm live life to da fullest
Cop Glasses, California Sun & Coast Line. What could be more better?
The wind is getting nippy, girl cover up them titties. Unless your a of course.
Video is only a very small piece of Flipped Classroom, even if used. So, I'm not sure how Khan could monopolize it. Please explain.
Finishing up a great Italy trip with #DePauw Winter Term students. Back to Castelli Verdi tonight!
I love Anna Samusko she so funny.
Thank you!
Thank you! It was great! Your turn!
The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything. Eric flores
"humorous and always gripping." Rex Reed's review of MONSIEUR LAZHAR. My review of John Travolta.
Sometimes whenever I smell a Black&Mild I just wanna smoke one
Wow!!! Morning is SO early when you've been on vacation.
hey guys, its pilar (: i havent been on alot, i've been busy. -.- but daniella has been on and now ill start getting on more too :D
oh I'm in. Martini time
Went into the archives...Check out a couple of Blago's campaign promises from his 1st run for governor in my report tonight at 10pm on WAND.
What you swervin on?
The FPASW Symposium is only two weeks away! Check out the great speakers... Oct. 27th Country Springs Hotel.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers who work hard to #fixschooldiscipline!
I interviewed LA punk band HEY YOU and it's featured on Nuvox Radio. We talk about hand jobs, busty blondes and rock n roll. Check it out!
« , Haha yeah!» lol okay, i txt you.
I feel like singing.
Merry Christmas,man!
Just worked out sore lol :)
we are almost the same height in heels
Presenting to our friends in on the services we offer and FERPA. Great discussion taking place with the group of liaisons
Celebrating the holidays with our fellow members tonight!
just ah random thought
Trainings are the bee's knees! And by bee's knees I mean pointless and exhaustingly boring.
Haha #ManlyProblems ": When jumps in cold water, the water gets shrinkage"
#ThingsGhettoPeopleDo name their kids Shenene or Shquana or some other name tht cant be spelt
Thanks for the mention! What's your favorite beer(s)?
steven shared it with me. it was just too good to keep to myself! you're welcome. ;)
Ran a high fever all night. Found the following in my notebook this morning: "Greatest band name ever: Cooper Duper and his Amazeballs."
frosted flakes it is *shrugs*
can't either!
Hearing my car start again was so worth my 400 tweet, but I wasted my 400 on asking if he wanted to play basketball...
my pleasure. Thanks for the follow back.
Whoa MT : Lstng 2 Jamaican Gospel! Didn't know it's a thing. Wind it Jesus! Wind it! Watch me now! Buck Buck for the Lord!!
RT is selling his bachelor pad - Matt, you need to buy a house from me! :)
Pizza Trivia: What percentage of the U.S. population is skipping work AND eating pizza today?
Dust Bros. remix. Dubstep remix. The version feat. Rick Ross and Nikki Minaj. Each album, 2-3 new versions.
Mhm. My feelings say that my English is so bad.
No muscle milk this year? Wtf rio
Lag B'omer BBQ for Atlanta Jewish young adults - May 22 - info at www.chabadga.com -- Bonfire, food, music, jousting!
The European Tire Market 2011-2015
<~~~~ GO FOLLOW cuz they tweeted #HU4L <3 <3 lets get it trending guys!!
What is the thinnest book in the world? "What Men Know About Women"
speaking of.. Jordan, I need to borrow ur blender... Hahahaaaaa
thanks guys!
omg your so pretty!
Whose going to #SXSW?
what channel is today's game on?
so much glitter
With the anniversary of 9/11 coming up, I just wanted to wish the world some Peace. No more fear. Have a good one everyone.
I could do that !
Love Miami's new uniforms.
THX! " - I've got most of my fitness knowledge from videos his & #youtube"
My phone autocorrects Romney to Tombstone.
Facebook is down. Not good.
Vigilance is key
I'm so hurt & heated. Done with players & sneaky bastards.DONE!
I follow you back.
Everyone keeps your fingers crossed... Hopefully I'll be cruisin' tomorrow!!!!!!
is a future navy seal!!!!!! Yayayayayayayayay.
sending via FB invite. Excited to see you there! Hope you can make it! :)
er...that "other" mobile conference in sunny spain, #barcelona! sorry for the confusion
Canon U.S.A. Announces Google Cloud Print(TM) Support for Select PIXMA Printers
ethnicity should count for zero... I wouldn't be surprised if 1/2 of Americans have some Indian ancestry - big deal
swiss rolls hm :-)
#EveryGirl & #EveryGuy should be an original, not a copy ! <3
Growing in the valley of the shadow of death
I'm spending a quiet moment with Sadie---the only sound is the furious wagging of her tail beating the ground...
it is your destiny
I got u
Final preparations are underway for Radiothon this weekend. Tune in to KNXR 97.5FM and call in your pledge to support RSOC!
What I say is not what I always mean.
Kids are spoiled in Qatar - all have electronic gadgets & parents are clueless
grammar quiz « kayleighannegates
#SomethingIdonthave: a fuck to give. lmao i should really get on here more...
Why dont I just die. Then they'll be no problems.
only on camera only on camera
section 106 row d seat 3. Verlanders my tiger...
Having kids is great. Your kids having friends is good. A quiet house when everybody is gone is the best.
#happymommysday <3 ^_^ to my mom, all the amazing moms & moms-to-be I know!
We had an amazing practice today! Getting ready for our show May 12th!
At MDDC awards, on the era of ala carte journalism: You want to be at as many stations of the (content) buffet table as possible.
word & I'm not a fan of the timeline either.
GoodMorning <3 Just Watched 's Music Video MiAmor <3 Ah Im In Love (:
nicely done! And watercolors are hard for me but you like you gots its down:)
btw.. You have the smartest show on TV.
#DailyRebellion: Don't be afraid to correct someone.
Joan Walden Real Estate
According to CNN, Romney is daring God to stop him? Pride cometh before a fall.
to happiness and success
soon the 1st European IPv6 smart grid pilot in Greece,interconnecting IPv6 AMRs over MDM 2.0 Cloud techs with stream data mining in realtime
Films: See Slumdog Millionaire..excellent Appaloosa..worth watching The Mummy..China edition...BAD
Ok... #denial. there is NO contradictory evidence & it's unlike a Democrat to ignore science
btw how did u do at the casino?
This is going to be a doozy... Best cure for a MASSIVE hangover- Get back on the horse. See you for Late Night w/Billy D!
I really wish Chris Harrison wouldn't talk as much as he does, though.
Can't wait to see Bailey on my tv! ((:
lol i made him say the word "tour" like 10 times.
It's $5.00 Mondays-every film tonight is (you guessed it) five dollars!
So... what kind of technology event skimps on the guest wireless?
Woah! My little sister is on now! Say hello to !
Okay if you paying then that's all that matters. Haha
I'm still talking to Charlotte :p
yay! I just came up on my Pandora. I love it!!! :-)
My last name sounds Chinese, ahaha.
haha now you know!
Happy Friday!
"The idea of a mistake is beside the point, for once anything happens it authentically is." Lend your own voice and thoughts to the...
Huh, Jeff Conaway was in Grease? I thought he was famous for being a drug addict.
just watching these games...wow
Yo did make the beat?
What is your style? Casual? Classy? Elegant?
I WAZ THE WINNER "WINNER Winner CHICKEN DINNER" LOL RT : About to beat and in basketball
i don't give a fuuuuuuck *smokey voice*
Brides-make your wedding Day even MORE fun-help your stoogie family members "lighten-up" & stay away from punch-rent us!
#Str8LykeDes... Look like people wanna play wit me & shit but i'm gone solve as this shit...
I needed you tonight but you wasn't around.. It's hard to accept that I'm just an option.
I no I can't afford the Yeezy 2's but them kicks hard!
you're setting your sights too low. :D
Tillman locking down the funk rhythms with Har Mar Superstar.
We're going to attempt to stream the #bostonmarathon at our office without taking our entire interwebs down. Wish us luck!
Remind me some day to tell you about the time I met #wcw 's lover on the bus in Brooklyn.
I am thinking I should make dinner soon.
Lucky you, we just had a massive windy rainstorm for a bit, now cold and wet and cloudy.
Thanks for sharing!
Happy Valentines Day!
Thanks for following!
LOL! Then you probably won't like it this time, either. Not all the designs I saw were attractive.
hope you're feeling better, missed ya yesterday!
The Handy Craftsman is moving our offices to 2810 West Liberty Ave. Honk when you drive by.....
Best of luck!!
These Bitches Funny ; But Im Not Laughin.
“: My pre New Years resolution... to put on 15 lbs during the Holiday Season! BOOM! #HolidayFatty”//jealous!
"Dair" is one that was destroyed, what was the others?
Thanks for the follow. You would love it when you swing it. Awesome wow factor! Where are you located again?
Oh yeah my bank holiday is being spent in pets at home tomorrow :')
We are announcing our 2012/2013 season shows THIS SUNDAY w/ an article in the BSun! What shows are you just dying to see at the Hippodrome?
Interesting fact! RT Do you think Facebook has improved your world? Out of 1,092 people surveyed, 44 percent said no.
Yep dats how i feel but hey you doesnt love me like really Love You too (#NoSkittledColoredRainbows)
Being alkaline means increasing your intake of greens, fruits, nuts and seeds, root crops and high pH alkaline water
don't put words in my tweets. -_-
But in order to do that, you'd need to move to California... forever. :D
Congrats for being named one of the Best Restaurants in Pittsburgh!
so will OS X 10.7 make my laptop obsolete? or at least my trackpad?
oh man. so sorry.
we said was jitters in 1st start & now 1st home start. I sure hope ur right lovinthetribe bcuz he needs to be better
This is so pacific northwest of you!
I will let you know if I hear of anything. Do you live in Austin?
": Haters and doubters make the success that much better of a feeling" - enough said!
No more Manning Colts? WTF
I think i will be watching a good 80's horror movie tonight.
NEW! Limited-Edition* Mary Kay® Be Radiant Baked Powder Delivers a velvety soft, matte finish with a slight shimmer. Creamy, soft texture.
Just went on a shopping spree in Look Boutique. Great service, lots of samples, happy customer!
me and him >>> me vs him
YES! 6/10/09 ends the over-year long nightmare
Wow! My question first up on Office Hours. TP: Productivity Thru People is 1A to Bias for Action #1 in importance.
Someday I'm going to get my Grade Ten.
Bears rookie camp yay football getting closer
and thats if it doesn't go up agian today
LOL! RT : "We want you to Like us, not friend us." is such a diva.
Shut yo broke ass up !
wonderful! I sent Gabby the info this afternoon.
Private performance this evening. Just curious, what are some good solo pieces to play for small intimate gigs other than bach?
Youre so cool. RT : To all droid #IG users, don't follow me unless you have 100 pics or more plz and thank you...
NNMIL is on "The Twitter" FOLLOW
Awsome. Thanks Colleen!
Visit WGSN-Homebuildlife + exhibiting at MOST #tomdixon and the Salone del Mobile
Hi yah just eating some Jalapeno bread at my aunts house!!!! M Mi gusta ;}
Very complimentary.
& you were B'More's best sports talker for nearly 7 years Viv! You're the master! - Bulldog
I was thinking since its a "fall" veggie, it was prob negatively effected by the drought :/
: nice! u get around town lol
What's the one tech gadget you'd like for Christmas?
I want to puke. Drinking coffee then running in this heat wasn't the smartest idea.....
Shut your face - Cline Eastwood narrates a Dodge commercial?
The costliest words you'll ever utter are the excuses you use for not doing the things you know deed to be done.
I heard a song called The Ping Pong song the other day. The more you know
most likely taking a personal day tomorrow,
How's about Friday? I'm off so no time constraints for me
This!! (thanks ;) >RT : Everyone should order some TODAY! They are so god! .
smith and Bybee Lake
Suggestions for our new Dance group of the Week? Please, reply!
Looking for a new hang-out? We’ll squeeze you in at the bar. Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar, 1120 N. High, Columbus
Fans will cease to exist. Measure of celebrity will be the count of trolls + extra points for "gotcha" monitors.
Guess whose goin to work for casting " TREME ". :)
so far lol!!!
That definitely helps.
True Recessionistas have probably already heard but for those who haven't...you can shop TAX FREE @ 900 North Michigan this weekend!! YEAY!
Hm getting treated by these Dunwoody niggaz..
Choices so far for new and improved Twitter handle = postmarchivist (for my <3 of postmodern theory) or icanlift40lbs. Suggestions welcomed.
Quick Poll: what do you like better for breakfast, a protein shake or a protein bar?
I want to see his transcript and his birth certificate....
Looking white when your not <<< -_-
I did! :) Can I vote more than once?
Welcome Kyyanite <U+2721> Official Video <U+2721> PSYKIC ANIMALS RESTLESS EARTH!!!
Jason, I randomly met in San Francisco a few years ago. At a bar. Small world we live in.
Normal is an illusion. What is normal for the spider is chaos for the fly. — Morticia Addams
do yourself and the world a favor just kill yourself you crybaby douchebag
You did NOT deserve to be voted off. you are my favorite on american idol. i will be buying your album<3 well miss yu :*
hey I am a songwriter can I send you a couple records
agree. but since then at least they got play out of traylor... alexander did absolutely nothing & neither is salmons. 8th pick wasted
There was a nice bench in front of it that looked lonely.
I went to read about it but it reads for florida
Closing session at #TribeFest - speakers who were moved and then made moves to change lives. There's a message for us: take action!
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: Data Recovery from External Western Digital Passport Drive
:) Thank you for your support,<U+2665>you are very sweet I love you ¡¡STAY STRONG!!
He said something about being able to harness the power of the sun and ripping open the space time continuum or something like that.
It looks like ESPN has a personal Cam cam
Who's doing the #socialmadness?
Agreed. Wish I could be there to check it out!
Thank you homie! RT : happy birthday to the homie
thanks bro, once I get this thing out the way me you, Z, and Naty can chill again
Why aren't you going to Ireland? What happened? :(
Text marketing is a user driven marketing strategy. This ensures that businesses can directly reach their targeted audience.
...accidentally drop it and now there's these weird-moving-lines showing inside the screen :/
Belmont down 1 with 50 seconds left what a game!!!!!
Anybody remember the "Buggs Bunny & Road Runner Show?"
Ha! Consistency? Not likely...it's just a hoot to look up a little historical dirt on Mr. Moral Compass.
Locking eyes with the only other girl in the mosh-pit.
Loving this new phone.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
her music is an experience na in itself tbh and it's good that she's not trying to impress other people thru quirky videos tbh
We are not defined by our appetites. We are defined by our choices.
#Modernfamily #desperatehousewives #homeland #howtomakeitinamerica finally new shows and new seasons!!
the hurt is here to stay
Had one of your delicious green juice recipes this morning and I am in love! Feeling so good!!
Lake Park Bistro chef's table tonight. NY Strip w/bone marrow & 5 desserts for 3 people. Simply awesome, can't wait to be back.
Ship it. Cheaper than new suitcase and airline fees...
just spoke with John Eric at the office- so nice, so helpful. I just love calling them, they're all so wonderful!
Where is it at? I hate them!
Baltimore --> Tampa.
Social Venture Volunteering add social value to your resume and help aspiring young entrepreneurs for more info
"I have always loved Wynonna's singing so this is a high compliment." N
Change what you're DOING; life will change.
Savings Tip -Air-dry dishes instead of using the dishwasher's drying cycle
Hey what's up? Everything all good. Just waitin on some things to fall into place. I hate feelin like Im at a standstill tho
Commercials in Spanish..
I can't wait til every new movie title is based on a hardcore band name!
How come when stuff like 10 things I hate about you are trending people only put 1 thing they hate?
It takes no effort to love. The state has its own innate joy.
Hi there school was bummy with out you meatball
wild phlox is So Beautiful! Love the color.
my point is, we should hang out:)
Cool new tool from for keeping track of your research & ideas
Just wanted to let you know I just got on TFLN
oh okay! That was a great film! Nice job man! Good performances!
yes! You can't leave without us not going to a concert #nothappening #gottagobeforemexico #summer2012 :D <U+2665>
Rainy Friday night at the Harrod-Tuthill house... y'all know that means a wine and cheese pajama party is about to be had!
Thank you for the FF recommendation! :)
congrats sir. looking forward to what's next
We have been waiting for this game for weeks. We love Colorado State at -3.5 to down the Falcons of Air Force today at 6:30 PM EST. $$$$$
it says it should but it might not. I want to but it's $30
Dang ? RT WI lawmakers declared Jan 26 Bob Uecker day. But, for it to pass Uecker must denounce players union.
I know <3 mr Locke is actually the best
New twitter name! Lol my friends we're talking about me an gave it to me :D lol so yup out with an in with this one lol
It's National Garlic Day, in case you were looking for a reason to go extra garlicly with any of your meals today.
Not nearly enough Cage for my $10.
okay thanks :)
0% a more achievable goal for Congress than 100% approval.
all i want for christmas is 1,000 followers #keepitup :) <U+2665>
Trina went in on the minute man song... She said Hell naw to please me you gotta sleep in it.. haha
Second, I spent most of the entire movie wishing that the idiot who taped the attack would just die already! LOL!
oh glorious chorus. :) i love it when a melody like this shows up.
What games do you play?
Everyone always needs that one friend to run texts by before sending to filter out the fact that we're all secretly raging psychos.
Congrats to Paul Pierce on passing Larry Bird to become 2nd on the #Celtics all-time scoring list!!!
aww I'll miss you guys!!! Maybe since your grandparents have skype now, we can video chat
Amazon's entire US east coast network just went down, taking us with it. We'll update here when we know more.
Im Cleva when I bust a rhyme....
RIP Whitney Houston. Only 48, she had a good but rough life. I'm guessing OD or suicide.
Yes! I met Ann; very excellent person who spoke extremely well of you. Next time I'm in NYC would love to meet up.
Tight work, slight work.
you will be a twitter maven now!
Carrot juice, banana, cocoa powder, & cacoa nibs taste just like a chocolate smoothie. I promise.
And that's when it sets in, were all just fucking human beings, stay humble.
Back in #Boston! Good to be home. Heading to Chicago for Show on Friday
Just watched Almost Famous - "you'll meet them again on their long journey to the middle." - thank you - one of my top 5 faves
Looking good! We had a great time working on the project!
ESPN refers to Utoff as a "star" player trying to transfer out....get it together. Ryan and UW committed to this kid, deal with it kid.
Do you know of any houses or cabins to rent in the Seattle area that could easily sleep 10-12 people?
no Irish accents? I see how it is :p
Just worked #MorningEdition on True life: Am I a morning person?
Like flop happened... and producer in truck was like "HURRY GET THE CAMERA ON STERN"
Likewise! RT : Thank you so much for the mentions this week
BURN. I guess has 5 more days to let it grow before everyone sees the glory!
You say fuck the world? We say fuck you.
It's not weird that the picture I took with and Is my lock screen wallpaper . ^-^
reports that Mayfield school levy now ahead by 232 votes, with 19 of 29 precincts counted
Can Yu Say Boom Boom Room Lol
Adobe Premiere 5.5.2 once again multiple failures upon output. awesome.
At Public Assembly in Brooklyn. Pitchfork TV is in the house!
i dont haha - i was confused
I know. It's large! We're gonna need a moving truck. Lots of good stuff here :)
Matt Flynn expected to visit Dolphins tomorrow
His grace is why I'm living....My God..
no i missd it!!! damn it!
Apparently singing "I love my cold medicine" during commercials means you've exceeded the recommended daily dose
The Nielsen Co reported that, on average, the global consumer spends about 1 in every 4.5 minutes online on blogs/social networking sites.
Loeb giving Yahoo! CEO third degree
Summer, y u no come faster?
Oh well, the difference is stunning.
Back in #LexVegas for the afternoon...Beautiful Day!!!
Good overview of Sencha at earlier tonight by of
I told how i tried to flip off the trampoline & fell & started laughing.
*blinks while doing a backflip* Now what?!?!?!?! JKKKK. I would never backflip to you!
I hear ya. We're starting on monday. Whenever you have a chance, that would be awesome
Good stuff, and good luck!
Awesome game !!! Awesome to watch !
Hi hey, what concept do you love?
GONNA WATCH CUPCAKE WARS 2 NIGHT!! <3 VIP PASTRY SHOES PARTY:) with
hope to see it before the closing!
Yep I was thinking that he prob did. He seems so busy now or he'll hit me up late. Oh well, I'll let it be.
I heart too! What are the different reasons, m? Love 2 Lil Red Hens & Baked, AND love Bird Bath's scones
current of course!
Movies are the only escape from the drudgery of work and family... No offense. - Homer Simpson
assuming the broncos can rid themselves of Tebow, looks like you and I share yet another favorite team
Back to the studio July 5th to work on the EP =)
When ever the crowl out of their projects , they never supervise any of their 10 kids
Today is a website writing kind of day
“: If the Celtics accidentally make it to the Finals, I will throw 4 little mini parties/gatherings to watch them get swept.”
Super excited to learn about the version of a Blog Barn Raising and share it on
yep, bots pretty much program to respond to apple keywords. The other is fishing attempts like crazy with links.
no problem
I freaking love that song
Some of the things people tweet at me make me think I'm tripping balls. Seriously weird stuff, guys.
My 3 yr old just told me "you're the best girl ever." Now if he'll just believe that forever.
Hello. Yes it was me. It was a while ago, though - what did you have in mind? I should still have the script somewhere.
That's for sure!!!
#mycarissounreliable I try and find ways not to drive it
girl, if i were the one hacking him, i would say stuff like "RVillanuevaLove IS SO SEXY, YEAH SHES MY GF<3"
Apr is Volunteer Appreciation Month! THANKS to all that have helped grow the MKE affiliate! We will WIN the fight against pancreatic cancer
I am in a place san fran. that I thought I would never see this proves that wishes do come true it's time to take it to the stage!!
#ThisChristmas I'm please to say, We Won a Judgment of Over $1 Million for our Client! :-)
Today I shipped an accordion. The clerk asked if the package contained any hazardous materials. I had to think about that.
Chillin in health <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A5>class with with my mohhazz!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B3>
tell dave to leave my bby alone. ~
i should come with a "hazard: klutz" sign.
If they wanna be with me or not.. :(
To the jerk parked in front of my apartment bldg blaring calypso music out of your car... Either turn that crap off, or bring me a Margarita
Fuck a liar.
Hey Boss Lady, we would love to feature you in our new women's mag!!! ForLadiesWhoRunTheWorld!
I am going to have to not look at twitter during day games, my MLB App has a slight delay.
Payroll software ezPaycheck helps streamline business accounting. And the new 2012 version was customized for restaurants with features t
hi! starting discussions here about uses of academic twitter. mindmeld with & soon?
Jimmy's Red Hots, established in 1954, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
BUT THEY ARE!
Quick glance at the stats! Haywood with 5 rebounds...
Follow Back BlackShadeMafia
Okay.....+ What ever = fuck you
I just understood that :) I'm so proud of myself.
YAYYYYY IT'S ST. PATRICK'S DAY. WOO.
hope your little one feels better soon.
Big announcements coming this week!
Looks Great!
its just what i needed (:
It's your loss
Sending good presentation vibes in the direction of my dept-mates who are presenting today
It's great to see this comic is still around :3 Nice page!
Catch the dang ball first basemen! Bring back Barmes.
Being lonely could be the worst feeling.
#twitterpeopleIlove Miley, Demi, Justin (no homo, fan of the musik), Selena, Drake, Wayne, Jason Derulo, etc...
Using Google Docs at 12noon is cancelled...bummer!
I wonder who is the longest couple t that's been together :) Will & Jada?? Anyone knows???
I have run both marathons. How much fun they were.
How's my fav twitter yak? ===> I am now. I need a lot of help there.
Ur like Nick at Night cuz I want around 4 ever like a re-run
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow mommies out there. Special shout out to all the SPs back at Job Corps!
NO! OH NO! I'm so sorry, Dave.
How exciting, little lady! Have an awesome time enjoying your new crib (as it were). :)
Burning the midnight oil.
RT : Today is finally here! A couple of hours till Art Walk at the !
What movie to watch lateeeerrr ~
wondering, is #SeanPayton breaking things right about now??
i want to put that picture of you on hurrr
I often think clowns will try to eat me. :(
um idk let's think of something ?
Because they're usually wearing skirts and high-heels, the dummies!
Mosquitos (the slow, guileless, springtime brood) also inspect me, move in closer as they identify a potential blood donor.
Seriously? Some people just need to grow up.....TheEnd!
Gm!! We are almost there.....The weekend!!! Woohoo! Have a great day!!
read the books
Hi Ryan. noted that we should touch base. Lauren and I are helping to run a writing center this year.
hey how is everything.
Don't worry, I never get that far.
you HAVE TO follow !
New bassnectar coming up!
Wisconsin woman held in dog-napping at DMV office
An #Expos cap & a #RedSox jersey? Really? Boston has some interesting fashion in the stands.
Sometimes on our planet, weather occurs.
Sat. Happy Hour 2-7pm, Live music kicking off at 7:30pm, and enjoy a great Chard, Malbec, and Cab on the Wine tasting.
If the Catholic church wants to protect marriage. They should fight to outlaw divorce.
: I'm reminded of the Elvis Costello song "Angels Wanna Wear My Red Shoes". Also gives new meaning to peep toe shoes
prayers for a safe flight!
Been getting money lately ...
I ain't gotta say names you kno who you are just another bitch
SHUT THE FUCK UP no one cares my god
If I have a company Amex card with Delta Skymiles, does the company get my Skymiles or do I?
Ha! Touche. Pretty chill God who would grant that prayer. RT maybe that's what someone else was praying would happen.
Book your event with by Jan 31st & save $100!!!
I am going to destroy the next person who treats me like I am fragile.
- Was Gone Cook Breakfast , But I'm Too Tired .
#ImaBelieberBecause...do you expect me to explain in under 140 characters?
I hate mosquitos :'(
because sucks
I need a pedicure so bad!
who gives a fucc what she said JUST DO IT NIGGAH!!!!!
Have a wonderful Saint Patrick's Day!
Tuck your damn jersey in Bynum.
“: maybe that's why I don't even remember if be kissed me or not..i was probably hypnotized” LMAO. I feel yaa
True. Btw I'm thinking of going to Joint Conf of Librarians of Color. From what I see, at least they have interesting panels.
maybe we need a face-to-facial meeting?
“: S/o to my newest follower! She's gonna be famous someday!” Don't think so Mikie but thanks for the s/o. ;)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Ha! I'm sure you'll think of something to tweet about. See ya next week!
Just let me know time wise im there
I know people that can help
What music/art-related events are going on this weekend?
Having skirt stake with heart of palm sauce!
Lost sleep costs the average American worker 11.3 days, or $2,280, in lost productivity yearly. Cost to the nation: $63.2 billion.
i am going to rip my eyes out oh my god too much homework literally 180 questions
These photo a day may are getting more difficult. I don't think I have a favorite word
They called me and ask if I really wanted French (which I didn't) I wanted fat free ranch. Good looks buths!
yup! for sure
Thank you Terri, for listening and for been here! Wishing you a fabulous day!
Q: what are you going to do to help people overcome addiction in our communities?
Live online broadcast isn't working
Just finished the new St. Ignatius College Prep Choirs Face book page. Become a member and get up to date information about SI choirs!
The Kardashian Family Hits Vegas to Unveil Khaos Store (PHOTOS) It was a Kardashian event of epic proportions … and no, it wasn ’t th
I'm That Loyal Chick, That Ride Or Die Chick, That Go Get It By Any Means Chick... You Don't Know What I'm Talking Bout! Ha! #OnANewLevel!!
internal failure last night, Sony equivalent of the Red ring of Death. Only 3 months old. Can't even get thru to service.
Happy teachers day!!!
Best sightings in the media center so far, Shannon Sharpe and Kurt Warner.
Always a pleasure!
You say you don't want to lose me but you're the one pushing me away, I just don't get it.
I remember you on the local FOX in PGH while I (& ) was at Pitt.
Seriously? Is it mobile?
With 2 of America's biggest sports locked out, what will fill the void?
When He Got His Twitter Back Thats When I Ask!
Someone....come chill.
That last tweet was inadvertant.
nice day but won't be enjoying it!
that picture is awesome.
loving the remixes
Yeah. I saw that stat in conjunction with a screenshot of re-tweets from people asking the same Q: "who is osama"
"The world of the generous gets larger and larger; the world of the stingy gets smaller and smaller" - Proverbs 11:24
haha ikr we stayed in her class
Dancing Sarno always makes for good video.
Would like to thank for getting to profess his love to me on paper. Still freaking out. <3 xx
Freaking the fuck out !!
., who's headed to Madison? RT: Welcome back, Badgers! Which alumni traveled the farthest for
happy Monday and back at you!
Laying in bed flipping back and forth b/w the SDSU baseball game & the Lakers game <U+26BE><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Rainy Day..starting Private Empire
Groundhog Day: Evidence that weather men still haven't convinced people that they know what they're talking about.
Swinburning Down the House.
can't wait 2 c u dance again.. Good luck.... Is ur mom gonna b their 2 c u dance again?
Im only perfect when Im myself<3
Texas about to take this
Sending "Legs Get Led Astray" to you, first thing tomorrow!
help me get 100+ followers Plz
Dear whoever is reading this, you're beautiful & someone out there is crazy about you. Life's too short to not use your smile.
girl i couldve bet it was!!!hahahah i was bout to sayy dang Jackyy totally changeging in a positive waayy!!!
Thanks for follow, following back!Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
iDont Cuff For A Season , iCuff For A Reason <3
aw Joey <U+263A> ilytoo! Let's go to lunch again with & I'll make you both brownies! Imy guys <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Peace sis. Been a fan since I heard you. Stay on.
oooohweee! There she is! Mane I've been lookin for you!
Howard might be right about the hip injury. Could just be playing hurt. We'll find out when see list of off-season surgeries.
summer supper: roasted corn,baby squash, asparagus, bell pepper, mushrooms on arugula w/sliced tomato, new potatoes drizzled w/olive oil.
Thanks so much! I love Italian. And Harrah's is just up 291, right? I'll look.
Entrepreneur Stars is having a contest to give away $5,000 to up to 20 businesses!! Possible story? We think so!! :)
Congratulations to NY!! Well done!
are you in Seattle?!?!
I keep thinking how education is called a new market. Just think the industry spin-offs testing has spawned.
#resolution : don't need one.
It is really. Appreciate what they have given you dammit.
it might come to decision
Thanks for following. I look forward to your happy tweeting.
I BLOCKED YOUR FUCKING NUMBER SO I CANT FUCKING ASSHOLE, AND I WONT.
Must Read: Top 10 Images in Pittsburgh Sports History bit.ly/s8ziu6
Whew... Our email service has been restored! Thanks for your patience.
i will...give everyone in my class extra credit...when the heat win the playoffs. oops...you won't be in my class any more
given the state of the Internets (you broke it), we should build that nifty teleportation device. would approve.
it is like watching a train wreck happen before your eyes
O!! Where'd you get that pic?!
yeah it's two different fillings and three cookies.. It's like a Big Mac Oreo.. soo dreamy!
I'll bite. Who's the old friend?
Must be Senior Day at PF Changs. It smells of Metamucil and lettuce wraps.
Hey Dan any chance you can give a shout out for me to suit up for Senior night? I'm not on the team either but I didn't quit! ha
Ppl who always talk about shit u know nothing about <<<<<<
“: Todolicious 1.0.3, with support for Lion, will be submitted to the Mac App Store tonight." Great app.
Are some boys in New York City upset that had 2 teams in the championship?
"I'm smart! I can handle things!"
I literally just imagined that as a valid possibility
Don't forget to see #MarkStuartDance 2nite We go on at 6:15!
This week has officially been the slowest.
Same old songs on a brand new stereo.
loll u silly, boy! How u been?
today is a wonderful day to sip some tea at
that is true, ill leave u to handle that place.
MIGHT AS WELL FOLLOW ME BACK...
"A brand is fun to build but no one else cares about them but you, especially as a small practice" - C. Todd Lacey
Notify Jemele Hill - STAT! RT : Not a single black girl on Celtics dance team? Did they let Simmons judge the tryouts?
Good morning peeps. Happy Wednesday!
Alex! Did Chris Columbus stay home? No. And did Galoka think that the Ulus were too ugly to save?
very excited to connect with everyone at next week's conference! Looking forward to it!
Me: *Indian accent* oh my gosh Hannah you're gonna be so girly when i get done with you tomorrow! Hannah: calm down! ur high if u thnk tht
just one day.
cant wait for my nook to get here!! #excited!
I can't watch the 30 Rock episode live ONLINE? Fiddlesticks.
yes, yes we do! RT : do we really want to do this? Not that I'm doubting my dingos ;)
That sounds awesome.
Either do the math yourself or know which follow up questions to ask.
Q. What's the hottest thing in the world? A. Two rats fucking in a wool sock.
Lighten up. Jesus.
Sleep music tonight will be either Iron & Wine (again) or Jack Johnson. Or, hmm, Lowercase Noises. All very soothing.
For you I shall.
Ha ha - nice! I'm getting ready to do my Weekly Review. Are you proud of me?
It's Happy Hour today 10/28 at Cake Fetish from 3-4, everything over a dozen is 1/2 off! Happy Halloween!
I do that to I have stacks of books that I just pick on at random to read when I don't know what I want hehe
"Ain't nobody gon know about it..if they ain't head about it" I dig that-
You bring the value to Twitter! RT : What if we thought Twitter was a useless fad that had no real value? ;-)
In 2012 I plan on losing 20lbs I also plan on taking up amputation.
~ Your Subway commercial ran again
blah blah :p haha
Athe further the distance the stronger the love <3
if you followed me tonight I will go down the street yelling MEGAN FOLLOWED ME(: I really will too:D
I am coming to NYC this weekend after #webwise. Which NYPL location should I go see?
i wuuvv you two!
ok, have narrowed down to Shun Lee or Cowfish. Cowfish may be crowded due to Easter Sunday, but Jonathan has not been there.
anytime. I am now taking appointments for patients in
I love 's review forum. #contractattorneys - tell it like it is! Anonymous and safe. Crappy agencies should be silenced.
tweet me(:
The pressures that the world puts on us should only serve to strengthen the power that is in us. "greater is he that is in me..."
It's coming & you heard it here first: The Drivn Apparel­® Drift-Jump; a Guinness event.
oh dear. I am sending prayers for everyone's health and comfort.
We are in a "making" time where the rules and laws need to change, ie 3D printing, says
Me and Niall both love food. We are meant to be!!
Pretty incredible to see Irene's Westerly tentacles swirl to the South here in South Carolina, as she storms up the East Coast. Wow.
Dear , I was just invited to a Friday nite party to celebrate your passage thru Koreatown. I'll be shrink-wrapped too.
YES!! Guess I'm coming in for lunch again today.
You can always add a little water to get the strength you desire. Cold-Brew is really flexible.
Weird Science! Haven't seen this movie in years.
that's great! maybe we can grab a lunch or happy hour when you're here! Just let me know whenever you get into town! :)
Tim Hightower returning to #Redskins, agrees to one-year deal
how u been lady?
It just dawned on me, the beauty part of being in the #99% is that it takes a lot less time to #Christmas shop!
that was fun. Granny prob not gonna "convert"!
EEk! Bad life choice? Haha
of course ray ray iz the UK fun!!all of yu are!!
you've got the power!
Man, so much going on!!!! I can't believe how everything is hitting at once, but then isn't that how it always goes?? :)
Happy Cinco peeps! ;)
Sharing is holiness.
its 72 degrees is cali :D i wanna go swimmingg
Joining the wall of dads waiting outside Forever21
My overall goal is to drop down to approximately 190lbs
Thanks for listing me on the Abq Businesses list!
Hey .... I'm your biggest fan!! Well...prolly not. But you are entertaining and you smoke too much dope!
Are you even old enough for ?
she got an ass on her and she pretty in the face i spend some cash on her it aint nothin to a nigga awhh yeah
I know I keep sayin it but, I really miss and
you turned it in already.
Great conversation at likemind - see y'all next month!
Websites that automatically play music are like strangers who try to talk to you on a plane.
Made me laugh. Reads like your dog is enjoying the wine “: Happiness is sitting next to a snoring dog enjoying a glass of wine”
i love you
I hope #Beyonce doesn't have triplets. She'll fire the two talented ones and give the pretty one a raise.
Ditto. And I *am* a metadata librarian!
you're right . that is brilliant.
OMG TRISH TWEETED MY YOUTUBE VIDEO!!!!!!! IM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW!!! Loving life getting comments saying im pretty omg :)
amen brother... Love those guys...
I always try and fix everyone else before me
Hope to see ya there!
I guess that's cheaper than buying the CD.
just watching tv , bored <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA> . what are you doing ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
It is NEVER okay for a "male" to hit a woman!
Have to run to a meeting but loved the conversation, might be adding you guys to my circles this week :)
“: it's in all six of his necks xD" haha randy get killed
thanks for an amazing post!!
YOUNG PHAT PERFORMING LIVE @ INDUSTRY INFLUENCE MONDAY DEC. 5TH!!!! ANOTHER MIGHTY MPIYA EXCLUSIVE!!!! YOUNNGGGIN LETS GET IT NIGGA!!!
Addicted to baby powder? This ain't How High...
lol ur tweeting me and I'm home. Fail! Lunch after ur class?
Thanks so much!
Bros baseball game for a little bit then to my grandparents maybe chilling with sis too
I don't even read other people tweets, I just speak my thoughts and don't give a shit if you respond
If I'm single why does it matter what I'm doing I'm jus trying to have fun
Dear Subaru, Please never stop making commercials involving dogs doing people things. Gets me every time!
#Myboilingpointis when yo punk ass ignore my text even though I can see that you read it "Recieved,Read" CAUGHT
Texas roadhouse!!
can't stand him, zero honor
Samardzija looked great! Glad he made rotation. Go Cubs go!
but that is the nature of entrepreneurial profit, no? Trading your product/process for profit, not your time for money.
Our ultimate freedom is the right and power to decide how anybody or anything outside ourselves will affect us. Stephen R. Covey
God is Great! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
Great veg crepes in presidents field and plaza de panama
Nice to see the afternoon show taking joy in the Brewers woes.
LMAOO just get here scrub ! Ahahahaha
Everyone plzz follow my other account thanxxx(: i follow backk(:
Ah yeah, I understand. haha, what styling are you recording now?
About that blunt I threw at you........
WHY R U GOING TO THE DOCTOR STALKER!!??
Nothin like takin care of a sick child all weekend.Been thrown up on a few times, changed sheets, cleaned many walls and floors
I must be old school too cause I can't hear the stream
:) I just appreciate the support. Means a lot.
teaching Geocoding at the Fire Service GIS Intro Class.
coo yea we bout to do a whole project wit Coolwadda so let us know we lookin for beats
I dont need to worry, I already got colleged RT Watch what you tweet. Yuri Wright's Twitter posts may cost him college scholarship
Im NOT usin the fitness ball you guise -__-
Oh the irony Snipe by king
Getting a bevery from the #COB would probably cringe
damn....thats true
“: hey its not to attract girls! It's cause she's the shit!!” word.... But it's going fantastic thank you
if you see tweet say yeeee ;)
Interpreting the Pulitzer fiction decision as a (very welcome) gentle nudge away from linear realist "how we live now" novels
If any #DePaul faculty/staff members want to feature events or resources on the Teaching Commons before the SQ Newsletter, send me a DM.
I'm having a real bad day today. Maybe another time. :/
Kika is helping me make tea and just told me to not forget to "add one bag for the pot". What a smart, good girl.
todo make a sustainable todo system.
Thx for following me. Hopefully Twitter will help us build community. -mark
yup that's me babe
It's true -- Thurgood Marshall was "outspoken" on the issue of civil rts; RBG was "outspoken" on behalf of women's rts.
Training for my own triathlon on Oct 8th...just need to eat plenty of protein!
yeah.. not a big baseball fan but movie was well worth it.. here's what happens at the end......(ah never mind!)
were you able to get your mouse back?
appreciate knowing that ;-)
When will people realize that if they something people will move . Instead of just standing there making faces
Everything is all about you; you just like me cause I do stuff for you...
The majority of coaching transitions involve those who are under contract or they "quit" briefly with their eyes elsewhere.
Have a great time with your father.
Yelln at Riley to stp pulling my hair n all she does is laugh lol so priceless I love my daughter...
good evening!
very cool.
Okay :D
Why do y'all follow me?
Maybe it's because they try to ram their beliefs down everybody's throats in politics, government, education, and medicine!
Of all the thirty-six alternatives, running away is best
you know, the Syrah/butterfinger pairing wasn't too bad! I wouldn't recommend the sweettarts...
Its a great day, now make it so! Fridays are always great.
Standing ovation for Coach
well it's much easier to say than "Mim Elllling"
I'm actually OK with ESPN's having the first game at Marlins park Wed. night. Means I won't be disappointed by the Extra Innings pkg again.
You have plans 2nite: 6-8pm closing reception for this month's artists. Works of 50 DC area artists+wine+beer=music. See u there?
Are you creepinnnnn ? You need to get on so you can RT this! Love you(:
(When heated and honeyed, yes. ;) )
Meant to write Kirtland's rather than Kirkland's.
Love the new interface for
I was even annoyed reading my LinkedIn profile, so I did some major editing.
Does aaannnnyyyyyooonnnneeee have ps3?????????
“Do they not go astray who devise evil? But mercy and truth belong to those who devise good.” Proverbs 14:22 Choose to go with God today!!!
RT : Sandusky still receiving monthly pension payments from #PennState coaching job, totaling $58K+ annually.(via )
Where will McNabb end up next season? #Cardinals #Vikings #49ers ?
Yeah, the abrupt ending was a little off. Still cute though. cc
Okay, we need to Jericho Parks & Recs!!
the sims. Very gay I know but so good And addicting.
Where is said faraj and jesse woodrow when I need them...my avengers crew is missing in action
Always think twice when you say I can not afford it. If you need it and it will help you, then you can not "NOT afford it!
I would kill for a visit to a Little Big Burger. M cheeseburger, truffle oil fries & beer. Miss u
watching right now
Watched at talk about '09 Shoreline food festival. Beautiful tale well told. Got to (finally) meet her too!
Thank you very much to all those that donated through the SD Foundation Give Big initiative yesterday.We can only do our work with your help
Happy Birthday #GeneSimmons!
You are a saving angel of mercy. Except for the spraying coffee burns.
All the things I wish I would've said....
You will be a Scientist in Crediton.
You are so awesome, girl
Most malarial outbreaks (30-50 million) worldwide. 1million deaths in sub Saharan Africa alone. Most kids 5 and under
Waiting for my boo to come home so we can smoke blunts. C:
have you done Barre classes? Killer!
bout to leave in the rain
Show tonight at Krave. Come out and show some love. Ayyyyyyyyeee
The main difference between a Baptist and a Presbyterian is a Baptist won't wave to you in the liquor store.
when you finally talk to the boy you have been waiting for my parents screw it up ! WTF
Just catching up on updates, and planning on working on more animation frame studies. Got to stay active.
Ayers: On Digital Scholarship Lab at Richmond: visualizes US voting data, all of it, 1840-present. OMG DH Moment for this observer.
Joe Karaganis (Columbia) on media piracy in emerging economies. Arr! #bcltorphanworks To fight it, what can change? Tech, income, or prices?
Why is everyone mad at me? Shouldn't I be mad at you?
hook em horns \m/
haha, love the line 'So real, it's unreal!'
check out the www.phoenixhiphop.net online hip hop awards. is nominated for Phx hip hop producer of the year. Check it out!
I not only believe that God can change my circumstances, but I KNOW that He will!
Really? Another kid with a leash?
Bull shrooms and gay jans coming at ya. Comin' in hot!!!
what's wrong with success? It's what independent thinking people want.,)
Pretending to care about a teachers personal life, to waste time in class.
Shit. Been in electronic line to buy Springsteen tix for five minutes but line hasn't moved.
I have business communications. And yes, I live in fenn
I think some heads will roll after our story today. taking care of business.
goodnight its time to go im tired
Here we go! Good luck you two
If you are a Recruiter with at least 3 open positions contact me for a Trial Climber Catalyst account.
Victor in Seattle, Scott's friend?
's background maked me dizzy lmao
Last night in WV. Having the best time ever, but it's time for and I to return to Orlando!
Its about to go down -
so thankful for the 90s playlist found for #spotify. it is keeping me awake today!
tank you.C:
#POKER #Quote: "Telling Phil Hellmuth a bad beat story, is like telling Joan Rivers a Botox Story"- Norman Chad
hey whats up girl ??
Some girls always have to have a man I prefer to be single
He has a brother Liam that is just as attractive. Liam Hemsworth and Chris Hemsworth.
Im starting over from scratch..... I can't believe how evil people are.... Especially the ones u love.. Outta here asap
Great game son! Watching the Pats take care of the broncos right now.
Random Quote: Don’t let your victories go to your head, or your failures go to your heart.
Ha! Yeah.
Starting to work on an "eye catcher" piece for this year's BIA Parade of Homes! June 16-July 1st! See you there?
sorry too. the best of surprises. was there?! Never metter.
Free from twitter jail
Ohh I see. That's Cool (:
Seriously Reds? Jay Bruce... Scott Rolen... Who else is in on the fix?
I can't imagine how these girls feel actually being there. But at the same time, your dumbass got yourself in there
www.blockstarsonline.com come through!
if you ever need some beats bro hit me up
Congrats Kim! I heard that you were going to be at Spelman. You make us Spelmanites proud!
green and gold sunday
Can't get so caught up in religion that we miss God...
Well, it wasn't the worst I'd seen by far, but can you believe I liked The Ward better??
When you wake up to the cold and the rain, what do you do to get your spirits up? Comfort food? Coffee? What’s your secret?
I TWEETED ON THE RONG PERSON GOSH
Ok so we are gonna switch up the way the contest is being won, a random follower will win 2 tickets to watch our event on Jan 21st!
all mahomies follow my personal
Lisa has put the keys in a special spot for me so I don't forget. But I don't do wet sheets, Miss.
Today marks the last day of the 2011/2012 college football season. Who will win it all?
The shit i do for my boys
I feel for you. Sheer happiness. Wtf am I gay?
Going on live with the legendary singer/songwriter Carol Connors! www.radiokolamerica.com
first time we met, your face became etched in my mind.
Bootcamp tomorrow at 7:20 am. Be there!!! Foam rolling class at 9 am. Have a great night!
chocolate. They can share then as well. At least my .02.
5 more days
RT I wish falling in love had traffic lights, so that I would know if I should: Go for it, slow down, or just stop
I love you.
Time to go become a little bit more of an authentic New Yorker by opening a local bank account.
I feel so pretty
Tours at 2pm and 4pm today! It's beautiful out! Open until 10pm.
Very charming John Lithgow, speaking about the invigorating power of stories.
with grading final papers comes the inevitable groveling and excuses-why its late- ah awaiting the grade grubbing phase-
Spent the last day of the year in shorts and a short sleeve shirt....not a bad way to end 2011
The creatives get no play on 'The Pitch' It's all about the execs.
not sure who Joe is but, ok. Any word on clubs?
is it gonna rain tomorrow?
S/O to and for letting us be great in
i love yoou too;D<3
I still feel the same about him
WOW hit the 800 like mark thank you all so much. Never new I would get this many pepole from all over. So from this CALI GIRL thank you all.
RT if u wanna follow
Bc I didn't have access to my work laptop this weekend I actually had an incredibly relaxing weekend...first 1 in I can't remember how long
Scuse me where's the Mofro? Im starting to question your crispyness.
RT : RT : What the #HungerGames has taught me about Christian men (inc. my husband): wisdom from :...
Our society is based on getting not giving.
Awesome!! Did You Get The New MW3 Maps On Elite?
Seems like Twitter's getting more commercialized by the second. Noticing a lot of people are mentioning stores & products in their Tweets.
You know what sucks? I forgot to buy computer paper so I have to drive to my parents' house tomorrow morning to print stuff.
RT : Took Marlene to & checked in online before leaving the house. Got a stylist, as soon as we got there! Super cool!
This is the most stressful part of the year.
Our school Awards were fucken boring
Pittsburgh is rich in student talent, come and hear for yourself at Campus Superstar, April 1st. THE singing competition to be at!
The road to success is always under construction.
Angelina Jolie just won the Golden Globe for ugliest woman alive
Espresso blend trial has huge bright berry flavors and a finish akin to starburst.
Civil War: Today in 1864, Sherman entered Atlanta & divided his men into a Left Wing and Right Wing during his infamous March to the Sea.
Haha. I've been waiting my whole life to get upgraded for free. At last!
Way to go Eagles. 3-2 baby...
#youknowdamnwell I'm in love yeah me
Our thoughts are with all who were affected by the weather today. Please stay safe out there.
I lol'd at your attempts of making me mad.
How come old people always try to run me over when i am just legally crossing the street, then get mad at me....
JJ Taylor Expo today. Sample #Schellsbeer at the Depot DT #MPLS 4-8PM. A special #cask of Aged Maple #Stout will be served by JJ Draft Crew.
Yes! Just noticed that! There may be other Kevin Free but there is only ONE KEVIN R. FREE!
wasnt us , the people i was wit left about 10.30 last night , soo wasnt us ..
I took a chair and moved it from one yard, all they way across the street to another yard. Patio Furniture Boys for life!
I only talk on the phone when its my parents or if it related to business. Otherwise its texting only!
on the bus in Chinatown
I've been so bad at this twitter thing. My goal is to string together 6 tweets over the next 7 days.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you hear your voice and in a video and think..Is that really what I sound like to other people?
Come to the live show in Best Buy at Sawgrass right now for 10% off music accessories!
Are you expecting? Share your due date with us!
Was that supposed to impress me?
A dude working at a store downtown is wearing PJ bottoms.
just causually quoting American Beauty in normal coversation.
Wish I was with my second family but I'm glad see the first family
So ready for a nap. This day has been so draining!
No. :p Who are you trying to use?
Diane Wittenberg, Plug-In Electric Vehicle Collab. in convo w/ Nichols: will AB 32 drive biz out of California?
fat communist bastards.
Getting ready for work #np frank sinatra pandora
I'm wo.fucking.tired of petty mother.fuckers.and.bitches that.don't mind their own fucking business.. tired.of.assholes assuming shit!!!!
I've been meaning to try them out. Any suggestions?
Office transformation begins today, so iNSPIRE is headed to the Texas State Fair!
now following back
I tweet a lot so what
Tonight's agenda: #MDEDC Holiday Party @ 4:30. #Denver50 @ 6. Christmas Chorale @ 7. Hope to see you at one of them.
uumm hell no u start everything!!
I love the holidays. Three more fifths and I will be whole!
Less than 2 hrs until Night 2 of our Apple A Day Giveaway gets under way! Get those phone dialing fingers ready! Good Luck!
Thanks for the RT. follow back
Photography is about sharing how you feel at the time.
That statement was much less about sushi & more about not giving it up to come get Mexican with us.
nelson cruz just trolled donaldson
At minuteclinic. Stepped on rusty nail + need tetanus shot. Nurse says "I'm going to lunch. Go walk around for an hr". Sarcasmic.
Sprocket Rocket is also a great game for creators(or Wallace n Gromit fans)
exceptional customer service definition
“ looks like baby simba”
are you still coming back to Wichita falls? We miss y'all <33
We're on the patio!
I'm so confused :/
I am allowed to carry a gun if I don’t tell anybody I have it. It’s called a ‘concealed weapon.’
Hey, Andy Van Slyke. If you aren't watching, your fat son Scott got a hit
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving.
hehe(; well we can talk about this web your dms work!(;
i want to tell me he loves me #likenothingelse even if it isnt true.. sad? yeah i know.. lol love u justin
Oh Corey Haim died ... tragic ! At least it wasn't anyone important. LIKE Corey Feldman ... that would be totally devastating ...
- Katrina is singing a song named after you! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
it won't let me follow you for some reason, text me 505-550-1655
prints on most any paper stock that customers bring in. Even perforated card stock for business cards. Color printing of course!
I believe in miracles!! Happy Resurrection Day!! : ) xx
Bahahahahahaha, is she fine though?? She ain't got no cheeks though!!! LOL
happy birthday torrr love you :*!!
I really hope it doesn't rain today.
Warped Tour at The Gorge in Washington was fun, thanks for hanging out! Special thanks to Family Force 5 for doing a signing at our tent!!
So I've been reading up on PHP/MySQL for web programming, and I think I'm ready. Test Project: Online Inventory System
Yes! He's what three years old, that can't be ok
is gorgeous but so annoying
Movie Time: THE BOX - If you press this button, someone you don't know somewhere else will die, but you'll also receive...
I just wanna touch & kiss . . & I wish that I could be with you tonight.
I agree totally but just feel like it was a slap in the face to his backups. Even though it's clear he's the best QB on the team
My rule has always been to have some lady for the winter, then go single in the summer! Especially when u live in Chicago!
yeah, Mel is like Joey on friends. She doesn't share food. She's almost stabbed my hand with a fork before. ;)
While the world doesn't need another blog, it does need more '80s and '90s musings...www.zackmorriscellphone.wordpress.com.
Told me bye tho .. lol . #Classic .
After the 9 hr I plan to plan a weekend trail ride / beer swill / campfire camp out. It'll be swell!
DM me the account tel # as well as the MAC address. I'll take a look.
That moment when you get a sweet text & you just sit there smiling at your screen like a weirdo
Just got home(: no school tomorrow for us! It's Kuhio Day! (:
Is it cool if you wish Desmond loved you as much as he loves Penny? Asking for a friend.
how is this Wednesday?
I support President Obama because he creates space for the truth to live!
Thank you for the shout out!
It started early today and it's been non stop with good possibilities. I'm thankful.
Good Morning! See you ! My 10 year celebration continues Tonight-Saturday night.
Yes! I just went to check on all my resin pieces and everyone turned out without a single flaw! Love #EnviroTexLite never let's me down
Agree, and everyone in the org needs to be on board
ruthless rye ipa now pouring.
Sitting here once more doing homework I ready for finals next week... hyped about UK vs UNC
Mercy swerve
What's your favorite #Oscar nominated movie?
#TheLife Gonna call via cellphone in a few
prepping to watch tonight... Just not sure if I can take Lavinia right now.
stop scouting college bball guys and start scouting our opponent tomorrow
Clearly, I need to stop wearing such short skirts. Or is it the tube tops?
Congrats to #Watson on #Jeopardy last night. Great showing. Us #robots are taking over the world!
new video is awesome <3
That's what keeps the fight interesting.
Wade stop then he dunk lmao what a play
"Always something there to remind me..."
Wait a second. No #Pulitzer for Fiction?! I didn't think that was even possible.
When people get the same thing you have or had :|
hey Becky, sorry, we're going to try TUES 8pMT for awhile, see if that helps w/ everyone's schedules ..
Talking about cover design. Very exciting. This thing is almost done.
If I see you out somewhere I'm asking you now since you said it was okay. Got the perfect UK basketball for you to sign
He fucking with these nobody ass bitches <U+270B>
Wilson was the funniest thing I've ever heard. Jesus and I laughed for literally 3
likewise! I only wish there was time for more hands and more conversations. You're the raddest.
Fuck, I shud be asleep by now.
Well you ask for a lot of things. How am I to know which requests are real???
sounds like a ton of fun -- unless you deal with groom-zilla or bride-zilla.
Top new tech products: Nikon D3200, flagship Blu-ray player
Gallows - Frank Carter = Boring.
any chance at a groom today?
Hey Duke, Missouri loves company!
great pic.. who ever sits there is full of shit..
Congrats on your 1,000th tweet . . . pointlessly epic or not.
Did you have a good time?
well done Mr. Rice ;) *crowd cheers* #positivetweet LOL
i see how it is!
RT : "Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits." ~Thomas Edison
Just woke up from a nap bad news.
Mouth Hurts .
Leadership Games meeting tonight at 7:00 p.m. Akers Hall Rm. 134. Meeting should only last 30 mins. If you can't make it let me know.
Insanity Core Cardio and Balance this morning, i'm feeling really tired but gonna dig deep and push through!!!
very good!!
hahahahahha….sounds like you pulled the ol ** aka "you forgot the underscore bro"
aw man thanks! You'd write a better one though.
Parents are here so it's time for breakfast at Hugo's!!
1 other thing's changed: bizness's customers hv gone broke, can't get credit & can't afford 2 buy anything.
Yes, but is your dormant trigger Power?
The political system is like WWE. The only difference is, WWE is more realistic & entertaining! RWNJ's are killing America!
Looking at property Friday Morning. Cash Money Investors, Rehab specialists stay tuned. Great Deal in the works!
Jason: Thanks for following me! ;)
2012 = bad movie. However, I just discovered the end of the mayan calander and it has creeped me out.
I thought the Easy Bake reference implied that your oven usage was on par with a 7-year old.
OH MY GOODNESS GRACIOUS!!! JUSTIN FINALLY NOTICED YOU!!<3 CONGRATS AUSTIN xD
I so want a #buffalowildwings in #lacey washington...I promise I would be there everyday!
it's just as well that i'll be in korea without a car for a year. i've done enough driving in the past three weeks to last a long time.
Don't miss us on "Sound of Africa" from 5-6 tonight! Streaming at KDVS.org featuring music by the Vision Stars!
“: hahahaha love u sessy :)” see she knows whats up bye hate u but love u lissa
#peopleimthankfulfor all my friends and my family... they've helped me get through so much recently. thanks for always being there for me :)
This was the first NFL Draft since 2008 in which a #Mizzou Tiger wasn't taken in the first round.
Damn the day moves fast! Already time to pick the kids up from school.
- thanks for the love!
You know Adam, I hate to admit it but I'm starting to see your point re: violence, fights, etc. This is near mayhem and silly.
Mr. Funny Pants
mark Liggett loves you. So does Nolan Thomas!
Catch at the Lakefront Festival of the Arts tomorrow at 11:15AM for an encore presentation of DPC's Stone Soup concert.
I have worked tirelessly to ensure my love of pizza is synonymous with my name checking.
g'luck
Repubs vilify Obama for weekend vacation with family. Dems respond Bush was at ranch in Texas over 900 days during two terms. We need better
Congrats on the new gig, Gregg.
wow... Fancy pants!
lmfao!! This one lady almost ordered the whole thing. Then gone ask for some diet coke
Well..... Lunch time is about the worst time of the day for me.
love when you guys wear my shoes before I even get to :-/
hells yes. Not a cover band. Real nice sound.
cool so what's up for today?
Spoiler alert?
Yep, we're more than full, sorry. Maybe next year (fingers crossed) . . .
is cheerfully hostile.
for what
Oh, and since you're watching me.. here's a little present for you :) +n+(<U+25E3>_<U+25E2>)+n+
can't even tell you how much this means. Deep gratitude.
...The #Tebow report courtesy of Pro Football Talk
Just walked outside and it is NOT like walking into a hot, wet blanket. Yay for cool weather!
Home from the rain. San Francisco Photographer bay area Napa wedding commercial videographer silicon valley siliconvalley
Only two people can judge me, God and the person in that robe holding a gavel..
Ole's story will run tonight at 550 and 950 on Fox7. Hope to see you both down the MMA road.
did you end up getting a job with the Rangers? I never heard after your interview.
Finally came to your senses, Grandma!
Just left work. Gonna have some craft beer tonight
We must live with holy amnesia. Remember the past is what it is: the past.
see/meet you this week FAAN Tarrytown conference!
see latest issue of details...
Great catching up with close friends and new ones. T.Y. for having me be apart of your lives. I sure am fortunate that you are apart of mine
Watching Horrible Bosses till I KO. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
for fun...you know we out here..beatin up bitches hahahah
doors open at 9 and we go on at 9:30
oh! i love suites! one night i watched tv all night in the living room of a suite lol
where's the kick tutorial vid that'll teach my wife how to pin all the things? she's not getting it.
the skinny brown fox jumped under the tired dog.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies room during a dance.
aha. Ima try n get my mom to go there like tomorrow ; I want one so bad now. LOLL
What does "Wring URS" mean. Is that about wringing wet baptismal garments?
Hey, man, I ain't followin' you either. Peace tho.
Anyone else in the mood for pizza?
Oh and I'm pretty sure YOLO is letters and You only live once is
by the minute i was getting paid like a hotline
the product looks great! Do you screen print or hand paint the shirts?
I miss my puppy, he's prolly a monster by now.
Thanks, Gary. We're pretty excited. I hope great things happen with Schermann. It's a beautiful film.
looking forward to that newberry interface. What a great service.
Have a great week twitter people
i love you more <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
Maybe I'll become a porn star
Geez...Louise..
still in spain, mhmmm.
Haha we'll make time, just let us know
Run into fear as you run into chaos, the results might be immense...
On thee swings w.danii. Singing the worlds longest biooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooootch
ask Tom Brady
Just getting ready to go visit
RT : Aaron Abrams will be talking about the lottery live on w/ around 2:15 eastern this afternoon.
Grace is God doing for us what we could never do and what we will never deserve.
Let me rephrase that: you back in Portland now?
We're back in the house
oops, what i meant to say was I'm late to the #Pinterest party but now can't get enough.
what shirt/jersey are you wearing? send us a pic of Jessica at the game
Music is my life, thats why my heart has a beat!<3
Run for the Roses, please meet Cinco de Mayo. Cinco de Mayo, this is Run for the Roses -- also known as Kentucky Derby! Bottoms up you two!
So many bunts, did the Padres accidentally steal Roenicke's signs?
Success! I finally have WordPress installed correctly. Thank goodness. That only took six hours...
ditto. Happy New Year Woody. We should grab a beer soon. Karl Strauss misses it's old city official.
WE CAN MAKE IT RAIN ON YOUR ROSE PETAL'S +HAVE A LITTLE WHISKER ON YOUR KITTY..
RT : Im reusing vids from last year so that I can focus on improving what happens inside class
RT : If your wife wants to learn to drive, dont stand in her way.
I have an orange and black suggestion for you...
#imagine Austin: Mom this is My New girlfriend [Your name] Michele: Ah that's the Girl you Talk about Night and Day Austin:Mom!
I'm in love woo yeah I'm a believer I wouldn't leave her if I try
Hm..... haven't been on twitter in like forever GoodNight 1~4~3 ;-)
There is a full moon over Lake Michigan. Trees are in bloom in Millennium Park. Now, if it would only warm up again.
I need a boyfriend </3
"True love is the only thing that lasts from the moment you’re born to the second you perish."-Weezy f. baby<U+2665>
Nope. If it were a Clark Bar, that might be different.
omg so much worse than that I can't even explain it over a tweet
no swimming for me next week -_-
Buckets to store recycled paint.
Im probably gonna get shot after that tweet. Lmfaooo
Thank you again, and the same to you.
lol. That looks pretty painful to me!
#2HOURS till I am asked out by :P oh snap. You jelly? Cool Story Bro.
ahaha worst compliment I've ever received from someone lol
lmfao ikr. Random twitter rampage. Just a lot of shit on my mind I guess
Need coffee... Must find pants...
Just got the word we are dropping the Z from EZ PAY
given.... someone has to get coffee.
Will be doing a lab that shows colligative properties - making ice cream!
That was about dylan!
Elmer it's mat
Do we really like "cyberlearning" better than "ed technology"? Or did we just need something new?
In the basement. Tornado touchdown sightings...and I'm
"he's a wizard on the lead"
They're all waiting for you with open arms. I'll see you opening weekend. Only game that works with Steeler schedule
Mak it rain my mama say look at my sun crazy ass
You're welcome
CHILLIN WITH MY DAUGHTERS TODAY LOVING THE PARENT LIFE
Any time -- I love Rooflines, and I love the work you do!
Did you know? 60% of all cut flowers are grown in California.
This smoothy is enough tasty because of banana and cacao nibs so wanted to avoid extra carbs and calories by using stevia :)
Thanks for the RT! An encouraging quote.... and i'm a carnivore! ;)
I would die the day you reply or follow me... Maby 2day can be that day ? ;)
In the woodlands
obiggtrai1 facebook.com
" i`ve entered the #Zumba halloween giveaway
I am a genius <U+263A>
#reenvisioningnagel museumbox...can add your own video, attach doc, pics, sounds
He fucked me like he was my boyfriend ...lol I remixed it
Is this movie for real or just an idea you have?
I want to see an all out balls to the walls epic battle between #WonderCon and this cheerleader convention.
Is bacteria 'someone'? Are we the slaves of bacteria or vice versa?
Life is still blah, its just stress free now
ok no
Textin my dude Ben...lol he knows how to make me laugh <3
All i need is a bong and a tv in my room and i wouldnt have to leave ever.
I'm sad I'm going to miss this. I'll be too busy getting ready for your signing at
Any animal lovers tending Saturday afternoon? We have 2 send a beloved dog to rainbow bridge & we want to wake him in style!
Last day of vacation and I get to go to Oregon, you are wonderful.
Which panel? Let me know so I can come and heckle you. :/
NY Giants a classy organization and happy they're keeping Coughlin. They try to do things the right way. I'm proud to be a fan
That Cyborg fight was a friggin joke! #Strikeforce She needs to fight men's featherweight!
How did my baby boy turn 6?!?
just ran Joel this nigga got more excuses the lord allow
At oakland city hall planning commission meeting participating in the democratic process. Things look clean after may day protests :)
Reading A DANGEROUS MAN, 3rd in Charlie Huston's dark, dark Hank Thompson trilogy. The end is nigh, I cannot look away.
and yet they only starting using it now to find the missing...and prevent crime.
Cody Officially follows all 4 of my twitters I've made :D omg i am so happy i cant even!
Great point by Karlan: post-Civil War amendment period has rightly been called America's "second founding"
I remember someone anonymously inboxed me the song Ashley by Escape the Fate. I like died at how cute it was & the fact I never heard it.
Does Your Muzik Sound Flat, Distorted, Thin.?? Need Analog Big Boy Sound @ Indie Rates?
I love this the boys are tweeting somuch
I'm so overwhelmed at work that I don't know what to do next... so I do nothing. It's not procrastination...but what is it called. Fear?
On ur feet!
I'm getting my drivers licence this month!!
I'm not sure how you would test that... How does one drink toothpaste?
When your told," your an adult, you can make yo own decision" your usually expected to make the right one!
Sometimes my husband is like having another father :/
and too!!
When I see mention of Skrillex, it 1)makes me think of camping (b/c of a cast-iron skillet) and 2)triggers a skittles craving.
I will be shaving my beard for #HIA2012. I hope you're happy.
Finished 's 'Here Comes Everybody.' Feel like I can create the next Facebook. This will not end well.
no he was watching me
why? Dm me
we appreciate your fine work to achieve justice and peace
How come when Lord Voldemort was Tom Marvolo Riddle, he had a nose?! Why no nose now??
Heading to DC, soon, to attend the ISTE/CoSN Washington Education Technology Policy Summit. Any thoughts I should share with Congress reps
I lick your milkshake! oh, wait...
making google maps accessible is not only about non-sighted users. It's for people with limited mobility.
Almost time to go to work ..(-_-)
Sick games; 's getting First and Second place at Playoffs!
Seriously... Think about it
favorite fighter under 150 lbs?
That awkward moment when Santa and Edward are watching you sleep at the same time. xD
I wanna go to the park. Who wants to come with?
Or do I just leave it how it is, brown/light brown?
iKidNY thrilled and honored to be featured in National Geographic Traveler Magazine this month! Pick up the May/June issue on newstands now!
Was that thunder? Awesome!
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul
Where's that duffle bag of mine? It's time to go!
but it would also make the hurting people hurt more....
needs to get their stuff together!!! Infinity Ward never had issues like this!!! Black Ops Server is down again... SMH!!! <U+E421>
hasn't even been a competition since the day auditioned!
The shortest verse in the Bible is “Jesus wept”. Cool.
I just hold my breath and hope my train comes.
hey paul! can you let us know what's going on? we can take a look and get it fixed for you. thanks!
#SCMS starting our workshop on teaching the moving target Great audience. Looking forward to discussion!
do the work I missed from the two weeks I was on vaycay
"Love isn't love until it's given.."
okay j. Come get me after work
she might mean send her a message on facebook(:
yeah okay....skype tonight?
Come support our Michigan based businesses!! Friday May 18th 10am to 6pm & Saturday May 19th 9am to 5pm..
Feels like everyone's mad at me...
“: You signed an online petition? Guess that makes you a real political activist.”
THANK GOD 4 GIVING ME LIFE
doing ok... I'm at work until 8 and interview @ 1pm
#sprinting for 1hr @ the top of the hr. Who's w/ me?
if Katy Perry hadn't said yes to Niall one direction wouldn't have been formed. That's why shes on replay. duh.
I'm seeing tabloids of him with a gay tennis player. May be false.
then, ur reading this right? & ur retweeting it, just because u know u love ur thousands of followers? that's what I thought :)
<<<a self loving nerdy short mf'er RT ": <<<<<<<<<<<<a self loving goofy tall mf'er"
Royals win!
School's almost over and I haven't finished #4 on that stupid secret society list! Quick someone call me so we can converse about diversity!
Check out our new vid on our website! At TragedyCalledTruth.com !
Ahh, parking I love NOT having that expense any more. U can catch up on reading. LOL!
Very telling interview with during Green and Gold Today. I highly recommend you check it out
And one got a cavity on it.
Rollie Fingers without a doubt! #bestmustacheever too.
Stressed is Desserts spelled backwards.
just think, maybe next year we can late night feast together!
Perez didn't have it for sure, but there are definitely worse pain points tonight.
rushers i am ok now i am staying
HEY I SEE UR ON UM ANYWAYS I KNOW UR FULL OF FANS BUT IF U DO HAPPEN TO SEE THIS REPLY? U DONT HAVE TO THO I UNDERSTAND :)
I just seen that! :-)
Mad about the toilet seat? All you do is sit! Try hitting the water half asleep, hungover, with morning wood.
#TheVoice is trying to kill me by making me watch Lady Antebellum and J Biebs while waiting for the results.
Congrats to him getting to play with Manning!
Boot For Each Shark
I wish can follow me :( And I will never give up to go to at least one concert and meet them and be friends with them.
u forgot a zero on that...i thought it was 1500 per public appearance?
That's right enourge the sprit of Jesus in that church
from the razor to the rosary we could lose ourselves and paint these walls in pitchfork red
pleased to make your acquiatance, enjoy your weather
Congrats! Our (mine & 's) twins were born 7 wks early. Scary, but amazing. Our best to your brother & SIL.
You can find me playing outside. With Singing "Call Me Maybe." Oh hey.
lmao you da fuckin best, this is why it works
- ebooks and libraries will always be in conflict because #profit always fights
My stomach hurts wtf!? Not trying to laugh... But cant help it. Lol
What joy do you get out of breaking my heart?
It's beautiful day in Düsseldorf for #drupa day 10 - visit us in Hall 8b & we'll help you focus on what matters most to you
Accidently forwarding something to someone that was sopposed to go to someone else.:/
ok great!!!
b/c they have a rebuilding fetish
I want to be a better person....and im gonna make a conscious effort to be...
"I'm just saying its fine by me, if you never leave" you are stuck in my head today, sir.
Dr prefers the phrase "dying well" rather than a "good death" - at least it conveys the sense of a lived experience
Delicious. Hmm, I wonder if is hiring? We would make great taste-testers. :)
Dear , can we please have a Mix for Easter?
: You BOTH are AWESOME! Thank you, thank you for your support!! :)
no kidding...I bet the camera man saw his life flash before his eyes
I am very proud of you too! Way to go!!!
RT : Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score.The real excitement is playing the game ~...
Thanks for #FF! Blessings!
just started watching it last week and I'm already caught up. Such an amazing show. Joffrey is the WORST
The Center for Disease Not Controlled is totally kicking that other center's ass.
im still laughing at the people who said i would be supporting justin for more than a few months .. its been years SUCK IT!
institucionalización y faccionalizacion are way too long of words for me to want to even begin to study them
congrats! Do you have a site?
how dem tatas
How do you interact with tumblr via iPad?
Ha ha. Glad to know he is on the right team. I agree with the idea of enjoying the rest of the week. Stress can wait.
My favorite time of the day, time to eat!!
Easiest morning commute in a long time!
idk the name but it's from Maroon 5 D:
It's hump day!! 1 more day for me this week and then off for 3.
Way too much soap in the laundry it's everywhere
You're welcome! Hope you are well Leroy! :) RT : Thx!
She said he's alright for an old guy.
I was an innocent victim.
meh i gotta go help mom cook dinner. #meatloafagain yuck i HATE meatloaf
White stuff coming from the sky!! How are you keeping warm today?
You make me sick.
Cant wait to see 50/50 and how they manage to juggle the comedic side of the movie and the serious undertones of ones approach to cancer
Happy 10 year anniversary of Allen Iverson's "Practice" rant!!
Big show today! Marlins play by play David Van Horne, newest Nugget Al Harrington, Bronco Lonnie Paxton, and Rockies color man Jeff Huson!
DJ Spaz Tonite at The PLace - Sat nights are off the hook at The Place - come early to beat the line,,,
I hope Adele's surgery is a success!
RT I'm sure every nerd who gets mad about Ebert making fun of them will calm down by watching Big Bang Theory make fun of them.
Awesome meeting this afternoon with and Gotta <3 #fashion & function...did I mention, #madeinAmerica?!
exactly. Can't wait
yes the rules are different too giving huge advantage to offense, and teams play lax defense, its all about the highlights
Yuk. What a mess. Good luck
Going to the gym so maybe will notice me.
So upset to hear The Mikey Show won't be on anymore! Sad way to start the morning :(
good morning, 16 year old (;
I did my thing last night but one thing I realize is I need a manager ASAP
Microsoft's IE reclaims lost ground in browser battle: Internet Explorer resumed growth in browser usage in March, reversing a years-...
ayyee same reason lol but I'm always up this late lol
are you here tomorrow? i will be around - stop by
reading all about Pelosi's mouse stimulus slush fund: 30 million for marsh mice in california. Head, meet desk.
both of yal can kiss my Ass lolp
Thanks for following!!
it's a good 10 days on getting ingredients so we are looking towards past your vacation. Favorite beer styles?
#HardestThingsInLife giving something a chance. It'll turn out good or bad. But either way,
Man, the under 16, 12, 8 and 4 minute tv timeouts really get old after a full day of games!
I really want to play beach volleyball.
I'd like to get my hands on some COE Brazil lots.
Good Night!!
turn the whole world against me as long as you don't leave.
i'll pray before bed tonight & maybe he will ;) I'll make my way to that end of the table if he does... <3333333
anytime! Now....if u need participants I'll enter, just feel bad since I won the
I was trying to find album every where I went to Target & asked the girl if she had the wanted album she was like who that <U+E416>
We'd like to interview you, on your own show. But only if you dig The Skwirl, of course!
the flagrant 2 was worth seeing the fire!
That's gotta go to
I hate people who take the elevator to go up/down one freaking flight, stop being so damn lazy!
1776, and proposed by Swiss artist Pierre Eugene du Simitiere
amen don't play the game if you can't follow the rules
Coming up at 9 p.m. CT, the men's 10,000 meter run. The women are slated to run at 9:45 p.m CT to cap Day 1 of the SBC Outdoor Championships
He's one of my favorite authors - thanks for the heads up on the new title!
Nice play all around by Beavers to A) get the ball out, B) catch the ball and C) get out of bounds
Thunder kickin a
To the people of Norway I am so heartbroken about the lives lost and those still missing. I love you Norway. My thoughts are with you NORWAY
hit me up wen u off
RT : WHEN THE TABLES TURN, IT'S NOT A JOKE ANYMORE.
Attendees, live tweet with us by using #insideout!
HEy whore:D
not sure either but it appears so
RT At #MARC12 getting ready for opening session. Can't wait for the great things we'll learn. Presenting w/ at 2:30
thanks Mel
I don't hate it. I have family there >.<
TONIGHT: America's #1 Unsigned Artist Showcase, Club Pyramid NYC-8pm. Artists perform FREE. Must bring @ least 1 paying guest - 347 249 9441
It's beyond hot!!
Not a huge Man Utd fan, but that second #chelsea goal was clearly offside. The linesman must make that call
Hey truth- why don't you also mention all the Israelis who were victims of shelling this year?memory only goes back a week?
Someone's gotta expose that guy.
Thanks for the RT !
Did CNN just say the only movie she's ever acted in was The Preacher's Wife?!
Home Remodeling and Decorating Show April 21-22, 2012 in Santa Monica, CA
#Nighthawks practice today from 10:30-12:55 in prep for the re-match against the on Saturday.
Caliber, depth and breadth of live music talent is way off the scale here in Austin,TX w performers here from all o'r the world for
BECAUSE SHE WAS A FIERCE LIONESS PROTECTING HER CUB!
Some ppl treat so wrong....like wat they do don't be their fault!!! They are told wat to do by their management team
"A physical specimen" Training Camp starts the last week of July
Stop using outdated slang
Thanks Coach!
No. Bluetooth would be option.
When stays awake just to tell me goodnight >>>
FOOD FACTS! Bananas are a natural antacid. They soothe heartburn and gastric distress.
. yes. sometimes i have to wait until the pain of not writing overcomes the pain of writing.
Team D Rose let's Go!!
I tweeted on feb11 that Libya was #nexttofall. Looks like things are headed that way. Crazy freaking
Fantastic event! RT : "Attending Foundation and Pinstripe Magazine: #nyfw Twilight Finale :)"
Pretty sure you're my last horse in this race - no pressure or anything! ;) But looking forward to your entry. Enjoy the weekend!
good luck with your trip!
: Did the phrase "keeping up with the Joneses" really start with your landscape architect Beatrix Jones Farrand?
Thanks for following us! Hope you all have a great week!
thanks Yes, kids with autism often do value alone time, but they have a need to be with others just like the rest of us, right?
Ha ha ha ha! We could change it for different events!
So today I finally took some time out just to breath and live...felt good!
Good Morning people!!
I think it will the war-game part is a trip.
After 2 coffees and 3 hours at work im feeling pretty feisty today. I like it.
I just realized how awkward that hug was..... HAHAHAH
Okay. It's Friday. Don't forget to back up.
is covered in insect carcasses. Just another day in the Warhol archives.
Just recently found out the voice of Elmo on sesame street. He has been doing it for 30years. WOW!
Sweat pants and a bun<U+270C>
thank you. This is wonderful.
Good job w/ #TEDxUCHICAGO talk! is piloting some intro programming courses w/ local elem schls, may be of interest
lol!! I couldn't do it I straight up dont fit. After one time my back was killin me. So not DJing there anymore.
RIP Patrice O' Neil-he was awesome at Charlie Sheen's Roast. He will be missed.
Hey, I was wondering if you knew when keen usually streamed, he's quickly becoming a fave. Also, Hero's stream is up !
loving that my hairstylist will be styling the season finale of #projectrunway season 8!!! Carla at Tysons www.pratpartners.com
Library on a Saturday
His jive dream number w/ Dinah Shore in UP IN ARMS...love it!
thanks Ray <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Jim Nance should save his voice for The Master's next week.
California stop calling my name..
once went to a vineyard to help make wine. Before he could step on the grapes, they squashed themselves in fear.
That new bieber is a slap tho.
Happy Birthday to my two best friends and <3 lovee u girlls!!<33
Charlie Chaplin "Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles."
Thank you for the RT, sir.
Been a very busy day for me today Wendy. Working on my Tweer, Facebook accounts and the business webpage. Thanks for the SO
Society applaud when men act like animals towards each other but mock them when they show love to each other but complain bout lack of peace
Just because I never Did it Dont mean I cant make a girl cum within 2 minutes #TongueGameOnPoint !
they got so much drama over there I don't wanna cause any more. Feeling like shit now. Drink rum drink rum drink rum
Off to the #gym to #workout and make #money doing it hahaha so much fun
Thx! Love to be loved.
Really excited for the bullpen to get better.
Do you know the Reason For Dreams? ;)
Dear George Zimmerman, I'll give you a dollar but only if I can personally hand it to you:)
They don't build
Whelp no one cares hahaha
the computer software guy seemed like a "real nice guy"
no worries...maybe next time.
Happy groundhogs day! ;)
Thank you!! And same to you :-) Enjoy your weekend.
Haywood definitely sat on his ass during the lockout.
Thx! RT : Great joint. Dwnstrs Chandelier Bar is fun. Not my fav sports bk. If u go to Marquee ask for Kiki!
Hi Joe, we will announce the lucky winner on April 15th! Check our latest offers too $100 and $150 discounts!
#libmade culture of innovation is key!
fire :) you tuning it up or is it stock?
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you
#I #KNOW #HE #WANTS #US #AND #SHOULD #FOLLOW #US #CAUSE #BELIEBERSGOHARD #SWAGGY #BOYFRIEND FOLLOW US(;
I'm available to sub in too. RT : #Packers have gone to Erik Walden at ROLB.
At my 18 month old nephews soccer game. This should be interesting!
omg really??? That's amazing I'm really happy about it :)
Send me the links to ur favorite 1 direction funny youtube vids!
Oh, I want in on this action! I'll buy the booze!
It looks like you have good seats based on the pictures of the court.
RT I seriously needa go and exercise and go on a diet, gosh, I'm FAT
Sometimes I really don't like what I see on twitter but it's whatevs
Justin Blackmon #Jaguars No. 5. Great addition to their wide receiver opposite Laurent Robinson to help Blaine Gabbert
I can't see 's tweets!
sounds great! Keep me posted on the concert and I will come home to see it! Miss You too & I may be back in boston for the summer
hey put up a facebook link...don’t know which one is real bro
just love you and Beth fan for many many years love my critters also please follow or shout back will miss u this week agt yay
6 - the Martyr - you suffer for the sake of principle, and inspire - people who run for office - the young people in Tieneman Square
Do you do freelance web work? I need to refer someone...
I don't like fat or long straws.
We just LOVE Can we all be interns please?
Any savings program is better than none!
cool, i'll check it out :)
I would like to find a stew that will give me heartburn immediately, instead of at three o'clock in the morning
good night..
lte still acting up a bit post pics update...
My apologies, I'm back in Madison watching the Brewers game with and obviously our fault Axford's save streak ends
Pay him no mind, Nicky...he's just jealous and hatin'
i followed him
#hmd for everyone who plays a positive role in the lives of children
sheesh everyones on there rudeness today i guess smh
June 25th (: can't wait !
Hi Nick! Things are great, thanks. :) No Boston shows on the books at the moment though...sorry!
“The best way to keep loyalty in a man's heart is to keep money in his purse.” - Irish Proverb
Just discovered the "block and report as spam" button on twitter.
yes very much, how are you?
that's useful then! btw ever since we met I've REALLY wanted to take a look at your library. Next time I'm in NY.
#Minneapolis family reunited after long adoption process. Meet the Takata children on Fox at 10.
RT this if you're heading to the beach this summer & would like to win two tix to this season's Ravens/Steelers game. Details upcoming!
Nice! RT : "Don't come to me with an idea. Everyone has ideas. I've had 13 ideas since I got on stage."
did upload it too? I saw him talking about maybe doing it the other day
Im feeling a little annoyed at life this morning, like in the sense that if I didnt have to spend so much time working and handling other
what make you beautiful cause people only know that song if you ask me i would tell u every song and every thing you need to know....
After listening to somebody as smart as Clinton, I kinda feel stupid
#Thebestsound is hearing the boom of the bass when Wiz rappin'.
McGarrigle's tix available on thurs!!Get them while you can..VERY limited amount!!Gonna be a big celebration..
You better be driving to work now. Lol.
MOST of them are new to twitter, usually have FEW followers (IF any) & are only here to cause trouble & waste time
Ha! RT : I was pushing for a kicker but Ted stayed true to the board
If 'guru' is in your title then it tells me you are not a 'guru' at all. Or, that I will not like you. Maybe both.
And this is why Ron Paul runs--to promote his platform.
surviving west texas via and #gutterrainbows ~ back to LA in 20 hrs.
Why? "Good for us soccer to get agudelo out of NYC, IMO"
... they are just sensing that you are pulling away.... human nature.
ask The Boyz Whats The Craziest Thing A Fan has Done While The have Been On Tour. I'm Alana From Colorado <3
-You don't fail, you learn! Richard M. Killian
Good point.
No, actually he's on a great show called Fringe and has a very hot girlfriend, Diane Kruger. But thanks for playing.
thank you for the rT
RG3:Im gonna b a professional and just do my job
Everyone's so mean to me when all i try to do is be nice to others. Sorry im not super exciting, but at least i'm real.
Brigance Forum Countdown: T-minus 4 hrs 'til John Murphy's sure-to-be-awesome talk on "The Moral Imagination of Barack Obama" #wabash Bax101
Will you be ready
take me
Floetic Flo, Michael Crump and friends at the Connecting Spot Business Show- February Edition! JOIN now and check it out...
Spent the whole day mastering InDesign by working on my resume/portfolio - Saluting all "do it yourself" advocates!
That's unfortunate... a clear head before you send it in the morning is never a bad thing
Austin Convention Center #SXSW Intel
Join our Facebook group and get an exciting update on our Pasta Dinner!
You have at least two addresses memorised,, Your own address and P. Sherman 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney.
why so sad?
And what better way to celebrate #recallwalker than supporting a business named Victory!?!
Today in Literary History: On March 8, 1859 Kenneth Grahame (author of THE WIND IN THE WILLOWS) was born in Edinburgh, Scotland.
fuck off u bitchy ass and u have the same fucking horrible name as my dad haha fucker
Bet #G2T$ RT : i got you. files coming tonight.
What are you thoughts regarding DUI Checkpoints? Let us know
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs Parents now days dnt teach or show there own kids love so we grow up forming our own definition of love
what SB's does he have. I know me and my dude would be interested
Not sure the point of that statement considering the Browns will be making multiple late round picks. Also see: Pacman Jones.
Gotta.gt my twwets.up
same her 7ytte
Anyone else switching their Sunday night viewing loyalties from "#MadMen to #GameofThrones? And where does #TheGoodWife fit in?
that my bro shout out to his fans
Let's make love in the studio ...
The worst is getting stuck behind one who plays the scratchoffs at the counter, and uses her winnings to buy more.
RT : Here's a joke i heard at the shop yesterday: Why don't cannibals eat clowns? Because they taste funny.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you <3
Fun Friday activity: Explaining what an underscore is to a senior citizen, over the phone.
you and ABtheAgent going in on these tweets I see Lmbo. How are you hun?
I already miss The Blatt. Who else is feeling mixed emotions?
follow back plz? you used 2 follow me but 4 some reason you unfollowed me so...can we be twitter friends? :)
I just called you
man I averaged like 30 and 15 a practice. Lol
It will be a warm one today Seattle (although we do start off slow). Come mingle with tourists and office folks enjoying delicious paninis
awww. but you are asexual, so it doesn't matter, right?
Thanks for RT! Language variation and cultural identity is such a complex, complicated issue. We need more dialogue in schools.
It's National #Tourist Appreciation Day! We hope our visitors are having a wonderful stay in #SanDiego!
as long as you don't start talking in the third person. That's just weird.
Yay for travels on Friday the 13th! Not worried bc its just another day blessed day to live and love!
Every time I've glanced that the top of the Etsy page and seen "registry" I've had to look twice because I thought it said "regretsy"!
Congrats to all the SHU graduates walking today. Thanks for being my first class here!
Damn. Ohh well. Dibs on <3
Waiting to get my eyebrows done. Most dreaded part of my month.
Let's definitely talk about that...
I want us to be known to Lauryn's world
When life gives you lemons, throw 'em at people cause it's fun >:)
Also don't forget all of your web addresses and inst. names on Google Alerts and Twitter RSS feeds
I love working in AV with you
I never had a my space. I got to get back to work by my new York cm punk wrestling fan
You are beautiful and compelling...just saying.
Money make the world go round i showd main man "Gene'Bo" i few trick's to make these hoe's go dwn..
just sent it
11:11 Make A Wish!! Mine Came True Yours Can Too!!
I wondered how long it wud take for someone to blame the lockout, wow!. 1 reason I never listen2Wilbon&also rarely watch NBA.
Lifted on some morning tea. Smells like a gas leak in ear.
Forrest gump would of been over in 10 minutes if he just asked for directions. Just saying.
Thank you we are glad you enjoyed it!!
Will Do!!!
Just got back from M3 event. Jenn and I got to meet the amazing What an inspiration for women. 18 months. $1M. Here we go.
I love technical difficulties
Bief Chender was the tip-off, I think. Knew the dude in HS.
Head over after you leave Navy Pier's #GreenFest to have a sustainable and delicious meal
Feeling refreshed after a relaxing dip in the pool!
I've wanted to go to Warped Tour since I was 12 or 13.
Yes. What in the world are you hauling around every day? :-)
Everyone's leaving and I'm still with you, <3~
I know ugh
If Christ were here, there is one thing he would not be: a Christian. -Mark Twain
If personal gain was his sole motive, I'd agree. It seems more complicated, though.
Do you know how I got here? I failed many times before but I kept going.
lol nothin, I dislike them that's all.
All Games are Sunny.
Twitter burglers beware- Derek is at the house and he knows how to kill you 93 different ways! US Marine you know...
Britta, thanks for having me. Enjoyed it!
Good night!
Flatt Energy Cola endorser?
Awesome! What are some of the topics you blog about most often?
we can! Of course you want to go with Zone, though.
and Syracuse should have done a better job of challenging their team in the non conf. schedule. They scheduled wins, not games.
Consistency, perseverance, desire, willingness, patience...all is key for my success
Two groovy art openings tonight at Red Space and
I DMed Austin for ya (:
Recruiting for a #Metadata #Librarian in #DC! Contact me for details
US News "Debate Club" on student loan interest rates, with responses from and me
Miami is amazing i will never leave the city. the only problem is... oh wait there is no problems...its paradise
How awesome is 'Frozen Planet' on ??!! Absolutely mesmerizing & beautiful.
"I'm a survivor in a business that constantly rejects you."
aye DM me on the austinsclothes account:P i got tweet limit xD
I'd rather be in school and be bored then at home and be bored.
. - Look forward to stopping in tonight for 's father's BDay! menu looks awesome!
hmm we are at the same bull right now!!
Won't make 2nite beauty....hug those handsome men for me. Xo! ;)
you are so talented and really pretty! :) please follow me? Thanks :)
I love it!!! Very wise!! Thanks Casandra
Live Life Reckless Stickers Coming Soon!!!!!!!!!
Put me in coach, I'm ready to play.
Renovated Fulton Street Farmer's Market to reopen - WZZM
Snapbacks n tattoos
17 arson fires overnight in South Mpls. Two garages, vehicles, trash set on fire.
Lisa Anders #GCVB is awarding the Comm Impact Community Arts Program is a tie! & SculpTour !!
you know, I am a Nats fan, but I would love to see the Cubs do well this year. Their fans deserve it.
where u stay? State?
I want it to be winter already. IT'S TOO HOT!
im not sure if im smelling poop, or my dog farted, but i can't find the poop, and my dog is near me,
oh, ok. in light of last few episodes of s1 i wondered how dark/disturbing s2 was going to be.
word. They are better off drinking beer.
what time is the movie
We must first be willing to change ourselves.
Funding Roundtable in a little over an hour! 7:30 pm in Leavey Club Room. Come join the conversation!
Guy from B'Ham: "Ever met anyone famous?" Me: "I met Katy Perry once." Guy from B'Ham:"Did you pee on her?" Me"O_o....."
CongrAts to my sister for making it through (with honors) dental assisting school.
I'm going to carry around a microphone hooked to a guitar pedal that lowers my voice one octave whenever i need it.
Kneecaps is a strike for Rangers but not for Cards
Cats or dogs? Pirates or ninjas? Chaplin or Keaton? Simpsons or Futurama? Peas or long walks?
330: Tonight my grandpa waved right at me, through the wonder of video! I'm so thankful my family caught him on VHS!
hell yes! I'm addicted.
And make real money
What? How does that excuse the picture you posted? Shove your <3 up your ass.
yes way. Twitter is slacking
Tomorrow night!!' If you know me and want to meet us for drinks for my Pre B Day, let me know and I will send details.
Good afternoons. M.
Happy Birthday Harvey!
So I guess the hoopla was just speculation. There is still hope for the NBC comedies.
gah this weekend should be a good one. :)
great meeting you, too, and congrats to your AMA chapter, Laura! What a wonderful story!
#1DAY RT this and let's get it trending for AMeezy!
#Summerfest June 29th - July 10th. No traffic, No parking when you reserve your ride and Let Us Drive! Shuttle specials!
“: Outrageously BLESSED”
I wish I could go to London and see you Holding I sign saying JESSICA ROCKS!!!!! And lol
RT : Savor the Flavor of Waukesha County food tasting event: 5/19 - Buy your tickets before they sell out!!...
Got the #avs and #blues on two t.v's.
Watching Reservoir Dogs and making macaroni and cheese. Pretty decent evening.
The national drunk/buzzed driving ads need to stop being so unintentionally hilarious.
Fair point. Although I can't picture 2,000 Rangers fans outside Texas. Note: I lived in B'more in the 0-21 season
Dark Shadows - trippy, yet amazing! Tim Burton + Johnny Depp will ALWAYS = PERFECTION <U+2764>
“: great networking hour... Ready for the LiveWorkPlay tours! #detroitlove”
Scope out our coffeehouse surplus sale in the lounge today!! Lots of miscellaneous items with HUGE discounts!
ha, Im following you :)
Ok, I guess it's time to finally get out of my car & get to work lmao... Later Rushers <U+2665> ;)
Rock the Ink starts Friday, are you going to be there?
“People with clenched fists can not shake hands.” - Indira Nehru Gandhi
Thank you!
oh yes! The shamrock shake has returned!
The Revolutionary Schlage Lock | Home Improvement
Ew. My mac n cheese is gross :(
I'm sorry hahahah we will be seeing eachother ALOT but I'm going to try a horsie:D
Just opened up a can in volleyball
I have fond memories of #whyculverwhy from last year.
come see us @ 12th & Porter on Tuesday w/ Lovedrug! 7pm
I wish bbc America actually catered to x pats searching for unbiased news from home..failed shows from home hurt the eyes. Now.
It was epic.
Working on my 2nd round fantasy team. Too many unknown at this point. Hard to get into it today.
was great and he did a back flip after his presentation. He's in the running on my list so far. #140Cuse cc:
Agreed, the food is so delicious. Simply doing market research. Stay tuned. More importantly,
Would be a dream-come-true for the both of us. :)
While driving home last night, I counted up the apartments/houses I've lived in - 22. (7 of those before college, 6 after) How about you?
#ThingsICantLiveWithout reality shows Lol it might be ignorant but its true
Big storms call us if you need us 550-9289
#signsshegetfoodstamps may..very well be the best trending topic ever.
I'm asthmatic and can run 7 minute mile. You've got this Colin!!!
What is "self"? This is more important than being whatever we think we might be or ?
Yall are awesome!!
#DontBeMadAtMe because i tweet how i feel, its my page... get over it...
MEMEMEMEMEMEMEMEMEME. Id do anything.
#itamazesmethat all the rock bands coming out now a days all sound the same.
You may be a blogger extraordinaire, but I'll tweet you under the table any day. Looks like #MarcusThomas75 will be a Twow-down. ;)
The Rev Sexy Psychic
Shellfish initiative in the works
Thanks for the great show and the picture! All around good Guy!
Robert Gupta of LA Philharmonic is playing at Libros in the Hammer at Wilshire and Westwood!
come play for the chiefs!!
'Clashes erupt' in Syria, as leaders meet
No one evet tweets me!
Don't know how a baby can have a unibrow? Me either, but I've seen it!
Its somewhat official that we are doing a song with WONDER BROZ ! We are hopefully getting together today.! :)) - Zaona
Good luck to all the runners today.
Official history is not a true #history.I AM EMBLA--first #novel in my #thriller series & a #sexy supercharged
Friday is no school so come to the FFL for LEGO CLUB at 11am! Listen to a story and create with legos based on what you hear!
nothing like 4btl of Mercury Head to cure a hangover!!! (or cause).
I'm still looking up
Thanks to everyone for all the new follows and bday wishes!
They gave me a patient's wrist band :p
yeah i got it but i don't think i'll be able to go because i'll be out for my sister's birthday,
Kudos to everyone who attended last night's #MSMP event! Special thanks to MU College of Professional Studies, &
We encourage oxford comma shaming at the (cc )
- Thanks for the follow! Guess what we're taking to #Vegas this weekend??? Yep...gotta have our Clique Vodka!
I WAS JUST INFORMING YOU I MADE YOU A COVER THAT IS ALL I DIDN'T ASK IM SLEEPING NOW
Tomorrow's Industry Guests are Jackie Paul from Reign Talent Agency and Casting Director Bonnie Gillespie!
El Cajon Mayor Mark Lewis notes that someone from the planning commission would be the most "expedient" way/choice to fill council position
if you can get me to 200 followers i will follow back and i will love you forever
Fuck girls fuck football right now it's
enoyed hearing you sing in pulaski last week, great show!!
Phew. Thank god. Can resume breathing now. #Caps Now how much are the #Nats winning by? Heard Tracy had another jack?
Micah, it is certainly the time of year for Syrah and Garnacha...
or just run it in for a td
The annoying kids on my bus -_- not in the mood for you today
founder is from florida.
I loved the library and really liked the people I met, and the scenery driving back down to SF was lovely.
Ha! "No, but feel free to try again!"
smh it's not that easy
more importantly, where did you get that ring???
yes...looks to be that way! See you there. :)
Thank you so much.
Yeah, it's going down!
so far I'm digging it. Lots of opportunity here for me. Which is awesome. But I'm gonna miss home.
And, unfortunately, the legacy of the Bush II admin in Iraq will unfold w/more sectarian violence & human suffering in the days & yrs 2 come
Now: John Waters & I, about to go on stage after "The Wizard of Oz" screening at the Music Box. Sold out screening, 700 folks waiting.
who is excited for part 2 of chapter 6?
Thats great! You have a real nice sound I really like the song Air that you sing a lot
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Be honest with your lawyer! The hardest things to share might be the issues that need the most legal advice
"In my sort-of-haunted-house, your ghost's in every room. But I'm not afraid, because I still love you." -- Too Much Joy
Know of any good female masseuse who's looking for an on-call/part-time job? We're interviewing.
Thank YOU! =)
Hi there! We'll try ASA another time, yes?
Who is Peyton Sanders?(;
#FF Please follow , a new non-proit to help disabled pay for med equip and supplies & offer scholarships based on volunteer work
Tron Guy still makes everyone happy. People line up to get their pics taken. Love it
"Naptime" kids hate it...we wish we had it.
dream car: a red convertable buggy.
That awkward moment when your boyfriend tweets from your twitter ..
is a natural star!
My mom can blow a person's high instantly.
{Stands up on podium to make announcement} Dear People: This year I will NOT be hosting the family holiday parties. I like the little (c)
alright I will remember it just for you (:
More people study English in China than speak it in the USA. Craziness!!
. . . Men and women differ as essentially in their minds of modes of thought as in their forms. (1857)
Toy story is probably one of the best Disney movies of all time!
You're at a Spurs game. In San Antonio. You better just start hoping for something else.
Friends become enemies and enemies become your friends eventually
#OCHC won CAHA titles at A, AA, A and B ... total of five. Very impressive. ... OCHC also announced A merger with
Going back in the studio to record. Very excited! Stay tuned....
According to Kinsey, 75% of men ejaculate within 3 minutes of penetration.
hey beautiful . Got you
“: ...bad weather tonight and possibly some hail, looks like car is staying in #///Mproblems” I heard that
Well considering you get plenty mad yourself I'm not surprised you don't see it that way. You are a good fan though!
Fun! I don't think I'll make it this year, though. RT : are you going to the asparagus festival next weekend? I am!!
nah I don't want the clap RT : **ReTweet ** this if you wish you were fucking a pornstar tonight!
This fool is retiring from the cyber world. Time for words on paper. 'Night!
LMAO. Now you owe me - cleaning vodka tonic off monitor and keyboard. That tweet should come with a warning. Thanks!
err I don't remember every single 1. Lol but take any of irune's classes
are whiskey wednesdays at stubbs going to be a regular thing?
haha I know!
The other night a couple of fireflies got through my screens into my bedroom, when lights went out they sparkled around the ceiling-Magic!
You need a helmet, homie!
No disputing that. RT kemba walker is a beast, takin over this game right now.......
no. need money first but i do want some
Golfing with at Neshanic Valley up here in The Garden State
Unknown numbers calling and leaving 3 seconds of silence as a voicemail is the greatest unsolved mystery of my life.
Yessir. Hella work on the production man. Dig it. - Rome
#BenedictObama at it again, will cut social security and let elderly shoulder debt burden
that's the sad thing. Anyone who ever tells you you can't do something is really saying "why don't I have your courage?"
