It's the truth. Guess you got to deal with it now.
Did you have a smokin hot time?? :-) RT : Think Ima get ready 2 head down 2 & see what's goin' on
Which product is this? Is it Lash Extend or a new one?
No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, there<U+FFFD>s always a person who wouldn<U+FFFD>t care how you look because they want you to be you.
Thank you for getting a double double and helping my fantasy team!
Headed to the airport in style thanks to I'm all for public transit, but when time is tight, you can't beat this!
I MIGHT follow you if you make a good comment and national personality RT's you. I will never follow you if they RT you begging for it
I'm the bee's knees. Lol
"Remember me as the one who got away.."
it hinges on the fact that you'll empathize w/ the douchey pretenders but you never do. Falls flat entirely around the 3rd act
Attn people with couples avi's, just stop
lol well its how u make me fill but its all sexy lol
I just got a silk sport coat from The Chess King!
All my plans got ruined for this weekend.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Sorry for my weak twitter game lately guys. I've been busy with other things going on. Still trying to
Haha. Well played.
Including the AP Conference: 17 days of school left.
Oh the durantula
We're looking for a 90's Jagenberg 105 folder gluer...if you have one for sale or trade-in toward a new gluer, call me asap! 888-BRAUSSE
oh yeah i forgot she likes to creep.
Good morning everyone!
At the "Rangers Ballpark" in Arlington <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
RT: People better leave me the fuck alone<--- cuzo u good
2011 is just around the corner. wohoo!!
Morning to you! Happy "hump" day! RT : Mornin all!
great article on Sylvia Earle Alliance website, and thanks for promoting our event.
Michael, Thank you for the RT!!
Triple double watch? Terrence Jones has 6 rebounds, 6 assists, 1 point at half.
great story! I want to read a Rhino penned sci-fi book!
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
guess it must be really late because but=crack
Drinking wine out of a mug like the classy lady I am!
follow y new ig
If you have dope music send a pic and ur music to and if it is hot we'll post it!
WE appreciate your interest, but We're not promoting the new chef yet. Msg for ?'s
How do we learn the results?!?!
Tha band will expose ya if
"The ladder of success is never crowded at the top."
Best sick day ever <U+2600>
Hope you had a gr8 Passover/Easter - THx for the sweet tweets last week:
Can you ask to unblock me, please? Please tell her I would like to be friends with her.
yea I just found my iPhone so Imma strt now haha
That awkward momment when one of the Olsen twins is talking about God O.o
Good hitting and great plays keeping the fans into it on a chilly day at Cashman Field for the #Rangers vs #Cubs game
This is going to be a lot easier then I thought :))
Thanks for the follow Matthew. If you're interested in funding the release of a project for our launch, we'd love to talk!
i want to sit on the porch and read for fun in this glorious weather, but I guess reading for school will have to do.
Woke up early & I feel so well rested. Ready to start my day (:
Jim Collins has my full attention. He wrote, "The critical distinction is not between business & social, but between great and good."
In the lab with and listening to records.
Haha, Why do I picture Alec Baldwin or Scott Glenn saying Crazy Frank?
Chris Young, first AB in No. 2 spot, takes Lincecum deep.
Better believe we here to praise god.
I guarantee you will get a ring before the self proclaimed <U+270C>
A Meijer loaf of bread. Delicious :) RT : Hey foodies - what is the last bread product you ate?
Android users: Any apps I should/can disable from autostarting in order to save memory?
Sometimes All A Girl Really Needs Is A Big Hug & To Hear You Say I Love You <U+2665>
Do you have a friend in your life that needs a scented makeover, and you just don't know how to tell them? Start with one of these.....
Rahm Emanuel elected Mayor of Chicago tonight
MayB & , the #Jets will use in the 4th QTR only? Then will have something to talk about
Went to Sam's Club today I got a chill hub for my laptop,and a bunch of other stuff!I made rotinni w/sausage.
I jus fucked on her back.lol she took it like a pro.
What are all the colors you've dyed your hair?
We loves you too! Thanks for watching!
sounds like she is alot more pissie(is that a word)then Aaron was but she is a bengals fan THATSUCKS
s/o to ta homie for the #1 album in the country North Carolina Stand Up!!!
So maybe he just meant his *own* world was ending & then got the date wrong by a few weeks. That's understandable.
Why would Newt be pushing for "no attack ads" ? Ohh, he doesn't want people to remember all the crap he has done... we get what we deserve
There is no greater butthurt in all of MLB than the hurt the east coast media has that Felix Hernandez pitches in Seattle.
#thetop5lieswomentell I usually don't do this..... Lmaooo
Another born star has had their shining light burned out. That light, along with others, still reveal a beauty their Creator formed. An Art…
Just Another Day! Not just another day. But, this is the day that God has place on your heart to give back to our future leaders of tomorrow
so you hate cody cause you think he's "copying" Justin?
It's FRIDAY!!!
Im gonna text you right now!!(; Oh wait I dont have your number<U+E059><U+E411>
No doubt, we will. We've got some awesome ATL-area BBQ friends: , ,
In san fransisco for the day!
same her web c; cause we badasss
Pythagoras~ In anger we should refrain both from speech and action.
that moment when you try to fix something.. but you make it worse than it already was
hay stephen how are you doing??????
hahaha and time too!
Jesus has paid the price in full at the cross, but we must count the cost to follow Him.
I really appreciate the RT! Thanks a bunch. :)
RT : Being a social media expert & advising on marketing is like a tire expert trying to sell cars, some are good. Most suck.
Bout to see horrible bosses.... Charlie Day do me proud
We need your help choosing the most spirited men and women in red. Vote or "like" your favorites in the Wear Red Day Challenge by 2/24...
I once dressed as Colette, but no one knew who that was. It's best to make it obvious with props included.
I'll follow anybody who hates jag offs. Loved seeing you guys back in the day in Pitt. Including in a Pitt lecture hall.
totally in love with dubstep. grannystep!
heeeeyyyy girl! hope you had a good day!
yep! im stoked. plan on getting 'totaled' haha
What you keep for yourself, you lose. What you give away, you keep forever.
So true! :) RT its just something about a nice gold glass of tampico
I agree
Next goal. A new 15 minute set for next Friday.
Might not do anything today considering what happened yesterday
s/o to public twitter accounts..
liked it? I loved it, such a fun song, can't wait to get our webbed feet on it and play it on Froggy 104.9 in Frankfort, KY
VA: #veterans are tremendously over medicated.
you're so silly. Lol
thank you! :D
Lol, same goes here! RT : I'm all about making today easy. HNY! is my new official email greeting. You heard it here first.
Everryonne at my school has an IPhone & im here with my slide phonee..
That's what happens when the refs adhere to the rules, Bears win!
why do people smoke weed give me one good reason?
Note to self: Don't look at Pinterest while on a detox.
RT : Lmfaoo nigga be rolling biscuits and humming negro spirituals at the same damn time.
lol. That isn't really the point...
All this porn on my TL. Oh my gosh haha but I can't seem to look away lol. *shrugs*
Hi there. Miss you. Blessings.
Thank you, just submitted them.
Isisnt the autobiography of Mark Twain one of the largest books ever written?
Let us fast forward to 9:30
I gotta try it!
whats going on I'm about to pee my pants
Hey you. Yeah, you. I miss you. <U+2665>
Everybody's starry eyed <U+2665>
RT : WHOOT! WHOOT! Coalition of the Willing wins Best Short Film at SF Green Film Fest. Congratulations everyone!...
24 hours to Cyprus. Very excited.
Hey you should follow me! :) Miss you guys! Happy Winter Jam!!
is currently under lockdown due to activity in the area. Y members and campers are safe. Avoid the area.
Meditation is food for the mind, body and spirit.
Looking at #SDCC schedule for next week!! The Zombie and Nerd fest is near :D If your going...What is the one thing you are dying to see?
Kellin Quinn c;
#CrossFit is like fine art – critiqued by many but understood by few
“: for breakfast today i had a bagel and a glass of i hate everyone.”
bought me a leopard print snuggie!!!!!!!!
Please follow back?:))<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Monday is all ways a good day
Thanks for the #FF......not sure if I'm coming back to Twitter. Bored with it actually. :)
You would know, wouldn't you? QT Ignorant,vicious abuse lowers whole society, maybe shows real social decay.
Donell Mitchell's boys are killing it!!
You wouldn't need a chute as long as u land on a crowd as tightly packed as the Ballroom in Milwaukee!
RT : Brees should be highest paid QB even if u don't think he's the best. Brady & Manning both had less leverage.
TY so much for the twitter love blog! We are thrilled that we were able to help and that you took the time to blog about it!
it took me a while to remember that lyric from Journey.... Song got stuck in my head and couldn't remember the Title...
Hey sister, please know my tone was not meant to be defensive. I don't think they're perfect but not as flawed as others say
we definitely gottacolab.I'm still gun shy from snow that killed me All Star & Super Bowl weekend consecutive years in Dallas.Lol
is their Twitter. They aren't open yet!
It's such an honor to have a staple in our Hip Hop community recognize my work. you are THE BIZNESS I love you girl. Thank U
Went shopping yesterday, and Alaap didn't like how skinny a pair of jeans were... So Joe bought them for himself. And you can see his nuts.
YOU'RE OLD!
Today is the LAST DAY to send in your Valentine's Day "Love Eternal" Dedications for our special show!! Info here: on.fb.me/wLSmL5
Can't wait to get on that plane tomorrow for #ALC12 - steamy hot NOLA, here I come....
Just cut my hair :)
studying for french<<<< #someonetextme?
that would be pleasant.
Just curious, what makes this worth the asking price of £1,600? or maybe I should say "just ignorant"?
I know right? And I guess he's still picketing until he's allowed to eat all the fish he can eat
Ah it's so hard to believe some girls actually look like this, so pretty it's hard to believe it's them XD
No doubt. Have a great time!
#ff Day1: have a blast. Take awesome shots
lol - you sound just like my best friend in college! Any chance you are obsessed with Gatorade as well?
Who wins, wins. #Cloud opens up the field of participants in #Law and #Legal Services delivery. Momentum for #LPO builds.
LMAO omg i know i have to find a way to block webmd on my computer so i can never go on it
You need to get yourself a seat on the team charter. Conflict of interest not important here. Your sleep is.
Blake back in!
ok mom :p i'll get on that
About to get my first tattoo today. It's the symbol :)
True....We Are One People, Scattered....Much Love....Shalom, MHNCB on video The Arab-Israeli Controversy from Israel United In Christ - ht
I just pulled out vols 1-3 of the gateway reader in preparation for my exams. #xavtotherescue?
BREAKING: DONALD DRIVER IN DWTS FINALS! HELL YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!
I might. Thanks for the invite!
When isn't she?!
Haha. My friend was late this morning! And I thought she's gonna ditch me! She know's that I'm gonna be mad at her if she did! Lol. ;)
#ThingsIGottaTeachMySon the difference between hoes n women.... Cuz these hoes will put on if u let em
Championship Night !
good honey...just going through career transition. Study hard so u can work smart ;D
You constantly remind me why I shouldnt talk to you
I KNOW OMG. I wonder if he would think we were cute?! OMG I WOULD DIE. and okay(:
#mobile #media & #marketing will take #directmail global
looking forward to today's #PrivChat, particularly on #PatriotAct issues and #libraries!
RT : 300th to RT will get signed ball from DS Game 1 starter #MLBFC Watch #Postseason on now.
Holy crap. This is now my new obsession.
You saying that was one of the best moments of my life!
RT : got an offer to use a friends kayak but may wait until spring.(Hope to see you down, call anytime for info!)
There's only a matter of time b4 that storm hits!
Border Lords 2 canceled. Water in the Art Museum.
Fell out of a golf cart
yeah they catch the fade
#Badger basketball with a nice road win, 63-60 over the
Hell yes Marquette! That was very stressful to watch
#stuffed who wants to help with the tree and decorations?
Certified Coolness, thanks for following!
D. Spanos must not be a real Greek. My uncle Dean fired me for getting him the wrong doughnut.
Gainful Employment is what it will finally come down to in 2012, or, 2014! Most folks prefer job opportunities, not unemployment or cutbacks
Today's NY Times crossword turns a new corner in puzzles.
Purple Monday!!
Oh I meant in the conference--but with a win last night it "technically" puts us in 2nd I hate the 1-3 seeds because Florida is shit
Long time no talk!! Thank you! Miss you! :)
I heard someone was saying awful things about you :)
I still think there's too many students here given how lovely today is.
Haha u get one lil G Check and now u dnt know how to act trynna *67 my fone
Just looking at you makes me sick to my stomach
Rehearsal break. Cranking through it. Opens Feb 11th www.theatrecompany.biz.
I kept thinking to myself... When is Austin finally going to have a concert in Los Angeles...and now it's coming true and I can't believe it
I won't think about that now....I'll think about that tomorrow....
"GCB": stereotypical exaggeration of southern culture and accents. This is no replacement for "Housewives." Predict this show won't last.
Exactly. "This time it'll be different!"
I have that same issue except its inside somewhere.
Thanks for the RT and the compliment!
Don't forget to be there Saturday the 26th! We're auctioning off the brand new Xbox Elite 250GB Console to kick things off!
To increase postproduction fees I know a photographer who gave away Oreo cookies in his waiting room beforehand Claimed it worked everytime
So true!
Tune in to our 24/7 solo piano stream at SoloPiano.com!
Museums Advocacy Day! But I might be done with meetings by 4-- what do you have in mind? Sorry I'm so MIA this week!
I swear, I'm a riot x'D
Me too. It deserves to be trended.
I totally saw that coming as soon as I saw my typo published :( lol
For a unit on Fil-Am kids lit? RT Re/reading *Lakas and the Manilatown Fish* and *Lakas and the Makibaka Hotel*
you are! that joke cracks me up everytime.
I think my brother just called me "dear". Oh gosh xD
all your screaming at is yourself...WHOOHOO TO ME...lol.so why scream do you think if you scream they will notice you?
My only qualms with the movie of POA were with the script. The fault lies with Steve Kloves for that, not Alfonso.
Haha thanks my man.
sounds like a perfect situation for
You here?
cinnamon apple spice herbal tea - nice.
I saw you, briefly, at the theater! you looked like you were on a mission. :)
Hell of a week for 2 for 2 on new business and celebrating our 72nd quarterly carrot bonus tomorrow.
I might work in the grad office... I need a computer.
So many questions...
Cream of potato and French Onion soup today, plus it's your last chance to try our Penne Carbonara that's been on special all week!
Congratulations on your new position with !
Heil family: Parents WERE NOT among five passengers recovered yesty in Italian cruise ship disaster.
Thanks for the RT, Scott!
I don't understand this one days its all nice an warm an then the next its really cold no bueno at all socal not nice
Di won't watch it because it's demeaning to women.
with Linus on my plane I'm pacing!
no im not
I wanna be a porn star -.-
I am home YAY!
Morning David. Wishing you well this Monday. 4 Weeks till we record. Can't wait!
My Daddy is singing on NPR tonight. You should probably listen.
Ahh I think I'm going to wear my awesome new blue Sperrys to bed. I'm in love!! <3
Congratulations to EVA members Joy Hancock who placed 6th & Janis Therault who placed 4th in 's Orange Rose Contest!!!!!
Looking for an EXCELLENT Real Estate Agent in San Diego?? Call Robert Colello @ 858-487-3520. Tell him Bryan @ Farmers referred you!
I had a feeling Harden was going to get dropped in this game.
when bones started kissing booth at the crime scene ;)
#Milwaukee to-be-weds, did you know features sweet #wedding deals?
Wanting to take a motorcycle ride off in the woods!
There's other fish in the sea. Fish that love giving blowjobs.
at least you tried. Sounds like toothpaste tea. Ewwww.
#MyToDoList 1.Make spaceship out of pudding. 2.Achieve fame. 3.Fly to space. 4. Eat pudding ship when time to die.
hope everyone has a safe & happy new year's eve/day!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO MY MAMA !!!!!!!
Told you to do yourself a favor and watch Pens vs Flyers. Philly down 3-0 and comes back to win 4-3 in OT. Unbelievable!
The Pontatoc mine in a north Tucson neighborhood - Tucson Citizen The Pontatoc mine in a north Tucson neighborhood Tucson Citizen by Jona
I've never seen that before. Weird.
I hope everyone caught the season finale of Breakout Kings and saw "Taking Care Of business!"
dead. the boyz & bieber. jesus.
Is it a free app? I really feel SO limited & know I can be more productive from the ipad - just dk how.
One of the lady custodians at our school looks like the banker goblins from the first Harry Potter!
Got hit by a car and slip to the top of the car! But didn't hurt at all! Terrible and amazing!
RT : Chicago Cubs chairman Tom Ricketts spent about an hour walking through our exhibit today and is a fan.
ahah well not if you're on my good side! :)
Fuck. I forgot that Edge wins.
After reading the 9 page press release on NATO street closures and other security measures, I'm dreading it even more. Not gonna be fun.
Doing taxes while watching hoops may be as dangerous as when I was recovering from an accident and we got back 1-million more than we earned
Off with Their Heads! Does that sound like I could be at a metal show?
Amen that sucked
BITTER ORANGE &amp; BROWN: Cleveland Browns Humor, Satire ...
text me?
draft week is here #Packers fans. Who do you see the #Packers taking? Might be running a contest if your pick is correct!! :)
Good luck!
FYI, because our DVR hates us we are about 15 min behind on #choppedallstars. No spoilers plz
I got a new dress for tomorrow, but wait til you hear why...
My mom doesnt want me to do this but im gonna do it because i need to protect myself from a mistake that i dont need to show up in my life
Wat am I care about??? Is U?
I wish I could of been in 's youtube movie but,sadly I live boring texas :(
“Laughter is poison to fear.” George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones
I can feel you, all around me. Thickening the, air I'm breathing. Holding on to what I'm feeling. Savoring this heart that's healing <33
Great breakfast at the Commerce Club w/ the Women's Solidarity Society! It's so nice to be around women who are concerning abt global women!
I have an urge to troll someone on farmville.
gee thanks :)
i wanna girl who i can treat like a best friend and a girlfriend
I love how idiots gotta start rumors saying Brandon beats me! anyone who knows him knows he wouldn't do that! Ignorant people make me sick!
Hey pastry girls is thinking about doing a world tour retweet this with the location you want us to visit. Retweet for VIP
all I can afford is appreciation, a small gift and card, and love!
#OneThingIDontLike Tweeters who do follow other tweeters
$1.75 Ground Beef and Chicken Fajita Tacos ALL DAY!!! Wash 'em down with $2 Bud and Bud Light!
I want to cuddle now!!!!
Dopeness is going to be a house hold name people
The New Media Marketing Kit includes the following how-to videos and an instructional e-book:
trying on some new songs with yft tonight.
nice to have you out in the crowd with us for a few matches too!!!
Connectivity issues will be the death of us all.
Anyone ever seen a Bruin in Boston? No? Ok.
“: Steps To Greatness Begin With Self Motivation. Be A Force For You and Shine!” I can dig it bro!
Can't do it this time but looking forward to the next challenge! (And I will do my weights next time.) :-)
'tis fabulous! Love the amalgam of classic & new steampunk
Is your preference spicy, tangy or sweet? RT : That would be us! RT : Did someone say Pulled Pork??? :-)
A day off to walk the course....priceless!
haha that's the same way I felt about it
No practice tomorrow
Waiting longer than 10 minutes in the rain for a bus reminds me why I eschew public transit.
or a woodchuck conference.
looks great! You should try cashew next. It's my fav.
Looks good to me! RT Should I shave.
Wow- those are ugly uniforms
FUUUUCK! “: Sharks point shot pinbals in off traffic in front. San Jose up 4-1 with 15:24 left.”
Oh, I was curious about that! When I was buying 's New Brighton, the fellow mentioned Amulet - how is it?
give me an hour and a half to get home
You are more fun to watch than HBO.
Thank you everyone who lets me know that you are up and on your grind. I often worry that your not.
The Will to Adorn: Philadelphia Stories of Beauty and Adornment" @ PFP took place on March 2, 2012
holy shit, people love to stare at me.
That's great news! Is it too soon for you to celebrate?
Oh of course! Thanks for the reminder about your KickStarter project, i have to sign up first before I can pledge :)
I am so going running in shorts right now.
IM SAYING U REALLY CAN'T TELL THROUGH A TEXT!! (THERE IS NO TONE OF VOICE IN A TEXT)
even though your calendar tells u what to expect, it's always great to wonder what's in story for the day.
Damn the lions gota beat oakland!!
: ONF! ONF! (I own a small part of it.). Very proud.
Still love Wordpress the most but having a lot of fun exploring tumblr again. I don't remember it being this flawless last time around.
Breaking out of the 666th tweet...
My friend got me sick. I feel like shit
UNRB, tonight in St. Pete, Battle of The Bands - Crums on 5th. Band is on at 6 pm, free show.
I think I responded to all of your incredible kindness about my upcoming move ... if I missed you, it was not an intentional slight. THANKS!
..and none of us were there! #fuck!
I'm honored to have a photograph chosen to display in Germany this spring. The piece was selected from a juried show at .
what's up twitters deeds.....
of course !
My new love for tea is delightfully delicious
RT : Just got off the phone with GOOD NEWS aka
#TwitterAfterDark you still up and running huh?
in case ya didnt know- my detective skills are off the charts.....
With KDC all day... time well spent. Loving him always...
& nicole of of & Nick Elipulos all Gala Last Nite
your mind is so beautiful. chase the dream. just wondering, do you still have my business card?
At Woodbine Saturday, like #4 Sharons Prince and #5 Cardiac Rehab in the 9th.
M can't go wrong with Dion's on a Saturday afternoon!
Thanks! RT - congrats !
wow great looking bike! congrats!!
i love you ^__^
We hope is rocking the stash once again this year.
Tebow don't let Broncos kick you to the curb. If I can fight #AGE #Discrimination #SEO #Boston you can fight a trade. God is Good:)
really!? Oh, you are so awesome! Thanks so much! You know, we have a brand new record coming out in a couple months!
digital influence is dynamic & contingent on context, not something one attains & then permanently retains. Quantifying that is a joke
Sitting here watching Preachers Wife trying not to cry... I so love this movie and this song... "I Blieve In You and Me"... You saved me
"RHP Shaun Marcum went to a chiropractor today and said his neck is much better. Expects to make his next start."
be there soon I'm glad your #gameface is on lol
so I can send you list of artists
That bro is unstoppable, there is no hope.
Mixed feelings.
they're stealing our cattle and precious historical monuments!!!!
You wouldn't think so if you let me get that bass boat.
RT : RT if you actually played a team sport for school
i call you cute, hot and beautifull! I love you so mutch!
Are you in a Direct Sales program? Have your corporate office contact us about adding all the reps to our directory!
great show on Friday! What a tapper you are!
HEY GUYS, give us some ideas for singing & music writing. INSPIRE US. CHEERS. :D
Gym Class Heroes tomorrow night in Chicago! Let Mr. Chauffeur drive & we'll be sure to play you #Stereohearts on the way!...
Manny Harris went straight up and made a contested jumper without leaning back. That's how he has to shoot.
Great win for the browns today, wish I could have watched but had to work.
I think I'm up to 8 now!!!
lol poor mom
thanks for the follow!
Cant work out tommorrow , my body was over exshausted today :(
Awesome! Did any of the Pit Bulls find homes this weekend?
Thanks to everyone who follows Solutions Mortgage!
The way this game is going, Ike Davis is gonna come up with the bases loaded and do something other than pop up to short.
Thanks #marketing team for muffins, cookies to celebrate #birthday and my belated one. yum!
Did you see what my BOYS did to Boston the other day 18 runs baby.
He disrespected the whole state of California by saying he gonna get niggas to rape fab
told myself no boys for a year, but here I am falling for him & his adorable self c:
1995- The #CDC published findings on a new deadly strain of virus appearing near Kinshasa. They called it the #Ebola Virus.
I like tying actors to different movies they`ve been in.
SERIOUSLY?! my books just cost more than my rent did. Yay for finding them cheaper on line and returning them. :)
we get notoriously poor reception in the restaurant, but appreciate your check in efforts!
Note to self: Don't fly United ever again cuz they don't have any problems losing your luggage.
TSOI-NY is at Amoeba Records LA! Have i found heaven on earth?
I was right the first time. JSOnline tweaking and freaking a little. Now the site is down. And up. And all woo.
Word Nerd Factoid: The study of the nature of values and value judgments is called axiology.
20% off all surley bikes! Come and get 'em!
just saw the BOYZ on shake it up y'all killed
TOMORROW FOR ME!!!! RT World, you will be changed in about an hour when I pickup my iphone.
Anyone need 5000 cans of spam?
When I was young thought bad idea, now at 50 wish I had the money
awkward moment when im on my twitter and i see you tweeted my name wrong
“: Trouble in cupcake land.” oh my.
Coupon people are crazy, but thank goodness they give their goods to charity!!
Today, I lay it all on the line...
Is necessary to attain those things. Two very different concepts and types of people. that are often mistaken for each other
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH LETS HAVE NO FRIENDS TOGETHER!
yes, that would be great if you were; maybe we could play some music together!
Wow... would someone please explain John Kerry's face right now?
thanks but neither have I, that was a complete power walk. :)
just ask about working during vacation!
your weird as fuck.your fake.and you think your cool.oh...and your ugly.makeup doesnt make a girl pretty last time i checked.
Always Remember to: SMILE, even through your tears!
Austin i love u
I just want to be nice and tight. LOL. =) Toned and healthy, you know? RT : what's your goal?
"One that inspires and supports ones will instead of trying break or destroy ones will is a leader" Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Presidential Cand
Endangered Truth: Cicero's first #law of #history is now routinely broken by the fanatical as a necessity of
Let's see some Pgh, minimal nutsack though haha
Dear Anthony Tomas Li, I miss you sir. You need to come to CA (: please and thank you <3 Love, Jordan Lynn DeVore
JUST PUT ON JUSTIN
The lucky one looks so perfect <U+2764>
Chickens, yes. Roosters, no. I'd like to say it's due to progressive Philly zoning code, but it's opposite.
Thanks for wakn me up u know who you are smh
YES!YES!YES! ": Yew: I look around the streets, I see people, I want all these people represented in my theatre. #CTAC #2amt"
we went there last year. Pretty awesome u should check out the magical Forrest @ opp village. Way more fun.
Finally, caught up with every episode, with season 4 of FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS. so good.
“: Some girls are tan and others look like they went swimming into a pool of Doritos.” describes you perfectly
Doesn't get much better than watching the skills challenge, 3 point contest, and dunk contest tonight.
i wanna fight you
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! What are you thankful for?!
When the time comes tonight I don't know if I'll text her back....
AGAIN bad call RT Not sure about that, Porter looked 2 b in act of tackling on his way out of bounds. Stupid penalty regardless
- don't foget the sunscreen.
Twelve hour day on campus. Today is going to be awesome. Am I too old to pull a "NOT!" joke?
Dont know if im gonna see think like a man, might wait till it come to dvd
Listen 2 drake this nigga nice he n my top 20 now
We will be closed today. Enjoy the snow day and be safe.
By the way you think and act, I'm able to guarantee you'll be HIV positive by the age of 20.
that was type gay chill lmao
Why can't someone in #HarrisCo distribute a voter guide!!? We just need to know which candidates are Republicans
I'm guilty to that one... You'd kill me if you were in the dark room with me Just ask
I was there! RT : Cy Wakeman: Reality Based Leadership--ditch the drama & turn excuses into results. (@ Crowne Plaza Reading)
happy birthday.. have fun wit yur day
Fuck stress, have sex.
Think he'll be at toy story on ice? RT : had a dream I met nerlens noel... strange, he's in lexington and I'll be in lex tonight
Its a National Talk Show.
If you're a man in the online lit world, you might want to consider the ways and I have objectified you in private conversations.
I love you!!!!!!!!! Please text me. 770-877-2748
Females r getting more independent n men get lazier each day n rut on the couch she paid for in the house she bought
Wilson just said everyone in One Direction has a weird face and that he hates the British.
Going for a walk!
I wish I could be someone that you are actually looking for
Not Indiana.
you're awesome! Me encanta tu show!
takes only a minute to deposit!
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it
everyone, where is my black hoodie?
the ladies room in the ewr airport smells strongly of carmelized urine... intoxicicatingly toxic.
yay on several levels.
I do love a good football toss. Fitting today, even with a wronghander
Boys in bowties
#ravennation gotta get ready 2 protect the house
With mom for her birthday at schilleci's new orleans kitchen n the woodlands. U have got to come here.
he might make me like math ;) well only his kind of math ;P
ads me to your thread with I'm mad
Is it just me or is JLO like supper sexy and on fire right now...I'm loving all her songs
what was it like to work with him???
RT : Interesting product/mktg fact: today is the 2nd biggest use of avocados in the year. Biggest? The Super Bowl.
it"s lightning. it isnt just traffic cameras. it's really a lightning storm. be still...
LINUX, LINUX, LINUX? I need YOU to hit me up for a full time opportunity!
Message us for flyer designs to your next show or party. Ask for prices. Pretty cheap and nifty. August shows posted.
Just started a Run. 68 °F, 10mph N, 70%
Q: So if you wore jeans most of the week and now it's Friday, how do you get more casual/comfortable? A: Leggings!
A great weekend of registrations for Atlanta, New York City and Austin TX
Oh! We're in the same building!
Slow computers are a pain
he laughs
#BOYFRIENDReview to be honest i'm so happy you converted haters!!!
So i was told from a wise man that im crazy when it comes to my ex... He said it happens wen u fall in love for the first time ... Weird
I kind of really wanna see Wicked and the Circ De Solei show.
I'm sure I have some good stuff. What are you looking for?
In fairness, the concepts of "bargaining" and "acceptance" can be a little confusing out of context.
Only you ;)
DNC pressured by WI. Dem. Party to help. $700,000 from Dem. Gov. Fund to run ads & DNC Schultz tweeted she w/campaign here.
Don't announce shit to twitter and get mad when you get called out on it
make sure I get front row seating for that show! Haha
ikr its relitively STUPID if you ask me
He says I should video every sec i'm apart from him cause he doesn't trust me
When your GPS asks you if you want to avoid unpaved roads, its going to be fun
everytime I eat a damn p b & j sandwich I feel that shit going down my throat and i get a sharp ass pain in my back #weirdshit lol
Sow Little, Reap Little: Sow MUCH, Reap MUCH #get2work, YOU CAN DO IT!!!!!!
Maybe we should replace every miserable fuckin' probation officer with a small business mentor. Most PO's are not fit to work with people.
It's always Hot here at Little Darlings!Come on down and get $2.50 Corona & $6.00 Jack Daniels!We Party til 2am
JCOMM 2012 is in Singapore? Huh....
Your comment about having a werewolf for a pet is hilarious. Shows you have a creative mind.
research: task based OralCMC fosters the recognition of L2 vocabulary words
it's part of apple's plot to make everyone learn english.
Hello! RT : Evening folks!
oh em jeezers Jilian Michaels... her workout DVD is killin a beyotch! lol she is awesome! :P drop and give me 20 ... she's kicking my butt.
I am going to stop trying to control the uncontrollable and it’s all uncontrollable. Go for the better feeling now, give up the struggle.
Christmas eve. my family. WOW!!!
Hi Tom. Soon. Parts are out in beta now. Wrapping up some of the less frequently used parts of the DSL now.
has anyone read a book (or books) on the theory of web development? If so, which one(s)?
not that it matters for individual investors anyway, by the time we can touch it it'll be too expensive to buy anything sizable
We would like to know what creative projects you all are working on in 2012? Feel free to share with us
ON YOUR WORD. YOU ARE DOING ILLEGAL THINGS, I WISH I COULD TYPE THIS IN BIGGER FONT. YOU ARE BREAKING THE LAW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I really transitioned to get into bars for free.
LMFAO! Happy Thursday! (: and Good Morning!(:
you walked away afterwards ! -_-
oh no i dont think so i cant stay up that late hahaha
Members of the Brooklyn delegation made clear to Governor's senior staff that they feel strongly the hosp. Remain open...for now
"Do not be afraid, for I know that you seek Jesus who was crucified. He is not here, for He has risen, as He said." Matthew 28:5-6
now that IE9 has hardware accellerated text, i can read faster and better, like never before
Close to selling out this weekend. Don't wait- get them tickets now! That's an unofficial stage direction. Eugene Approved.
you should look into the bunt R. Santiago had versus Oakland. named it reversed
you okay?
Yeah hit me with a follow also we need you to play in Colorado more often
Now I'm following a beard and someone's booger on twitter too. That's just completely normal.
Kelley! Where can I hear it??
my mind is always in the gutter. I didn't think you were talking about that at all...
Sam Fuld does not fear snow flurries.
the Coffee Bean chai tea latte has got me hooked.
Books in the mail are the best. Excitedly digging into EK Sedgwick's posthumous collection & R Murray Schafer's The Soundscape (finally).
is that bad? I mean I guess it is... But you can always work towards aquiring what you think you can't have ...
heading home tomorrow! :)
glad the nuggs took out L.A lastnite!!
Me: Who do you like? Robert: How many times are u going to ask that? Me: As many times as it takes for you to say my name
Why is hansborough benched in the second quarter?
o well its a whole page dm me ur e mail and i'll email it to u
If Dems want to Win the 2012 Election Then they should have a another Democratic Challenger to Prez Obama in the Primaries b4 it's too late!
I like it, but I don't know what I'd put it on if I just got a sandwich. It's good on the wings, though.
Have to admit I love watching Wedding Singer to get an '80s fix now and again! Deion outlasted Neon for sure!
Wait? Mitt Romney's first name is Willard? It's going to be Barack vs Willard? I guess gone are the days of George Vs. Bill or KITT vs. KARR
Go brewers!!!!!
The dream of the 80's is alive in Joanie...
Surely I'm not the only person who thinks Michelle Pfeiffer is sexier as Selina Kyle than as Catwoman.
Happy Birthday cutie!
Have questions on the HARP program?? Give us a call at 813-910-8020 and mention where you saw this ad.
Hm, it's a nice site, but I think your building manager would appreciate it more.
Acoustic versions/covers of songs always sound like a million times better than the original version
Boy, it's quiet in here today. Everyone is off except Vince. Well, and , but we're pretty sure she's imaginary.
$25 fine just like a parking ticket
#onlyinindiana will you have classes cancelled because of snow in April haha.
My head hurts.
Also want to thank all of the people who are helping to push forward the natural movement and expose the lies and corruption of Big Pharma!
You should take a walk down to Pointe State Park if you have some free time before the show tonight.
You are to pretty for that .
depends. Is it the one with that one chick that does that thing with her pinky toe?
yeah I did! And I was first in line at the mall! Where u live?
Am I going to die or...
lol the way we finished this morning lol just turned around and went rite back to sleep lol didnt even say nuthin
Love my
my virginity
I know, London won't be the same anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
I'm not living life. I'm living life not right without you here by my side .
RT Medicine cabinets are back and awesome at the booth. Functional and fashionable.
James Speidel from around my area tried to kill a family but cutting their gas lines as they slept....unthinkable
She did not ask for a four car pileup.
happy Birthday !!!!
Hey friends follow my new account please and thank youu :)
30 kids just invaded coffee shop I'm working at, time to yank the headphone volume way UP
I sure care about the content being educational. I think it's about quality not quantity
Watching Colombiana. They had me up until lil'Cataleya stabs the Head of the hitsquad in the hand and makes a daring escape.
's Smart cars beat 's phantom buses that never arrive hands down. Plus, they sound like mini-Porsches and don't reek of urine!
I have and I do not like it, did they change it again?
Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God. -Edwin Louis Cole
Hilarious. Seeing one of my #jour111 reading today's reading as he walks across campus, oblivious I'm parked across the street.
will the anthem be a John Denver favorite?
Every time I leave, kitten tries to escape. She'd get farther if she didn't seem to be afraid of walking on the grass.
Callista: what’s the plan for tonight babe? Newt: plan is u put on a gallon of hair spray because Papa’s got 2 tickets to a swingers party.
#GoodThingsInTheWorld girls who give head.
surf spray from than dry shampoo.
oh really awesome :) yay!:)
#favouritelyric I won't let my fuck ups bring me down again
almost done school?
you're fine honey.
Totally agree!
#HowToGetRejected approach someone wrong !
me does
he was limping after I think the first game up there. His knee was messed up.
I remember when did #Constanciochange (:
Say hello, say hello :)
im really enjoying it so far! On chapter 4 now. It's a little gnome, the bookmark is from a local bookstore called Farley's
Congrats on the house! RT : Just closed on our house in #Shakopee! Can't wait to move in & get settled :)
Optimism about the value of higher Ed wd be easier for me if I saw more dignity in action within universities.
ok, i am wrong..but all news i heard today said only two houses hit...thank goodness for the Weather Channel and its reporting.
Three's a crowd. As long at & keep doing what they're doing... Good luck on Fullerton, Beer Bistro!
My problem is: I have perfectly good Buono and Pino kettles. Do I NEED another? Well, no.......but.......
.. Budweiser Crew Shirt for Dale Jr 1st race when you were spotter
more love 4 u. Congratulations on launching a new site.
Grounded. Won't have my phone. Won't be checking 's tweets every minute. This is so sad. Austin please Follow me?I<U+2764>U!
It's going to be difficult for Obama to win a single southern state after making this decision. However, it will generate $.
Gov. Walker recalls great times he has had through his life at Devil's Lake as protesters listen silently
Ain't been home since Saturday night... Smh
downstairs by the stage if ur interested I'll but a shot
if the dark side is the good side, then call us black.
Boys head to training camp at 3:15.
spending my day at school: career day followed by study session. #saturdaylibrarian not working but wish i were anywhere but here today
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13 ".....and rich to all who call upon Him;"
lowkey listening to this new justin beiber record on the bus, joint dope lol
girl, we all blow up at the religious right at some point. Be proud if how u said it.
thank you!
what's up?
Jonah, where do you focus most of your time? I noticed all of the Twitter handles in your profile.
After one mimosa (which contains only a drop of OJ) I just can't (won't) seem to say "no". Uh oh!
what about our nfcn blog
Two former exec of California Valve Company plead guilty to foreign bribery offenses.
since when does property destruction automatically = violence?
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender.
it's ok! xx
I prep my outfit, rehearse my talent, brush up on current events, and run 18 miles a day on about 400 calories. I am ready.
That moment when leaves me for
Exercise isn't a luxury, it's a necessity... -MindFirstFitness
Anybody wanna chat
I know. just got texted.. "Check out the moon" .. Now explaining to children why Daddy took mirror of the wall.
You do? I never go away... seemingly, anyway.
Text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation for the Hoosiers impacted by the tornadoes in southern Indiana
We #Conservatives WANT IT! #Dems got the stupid #LightRail We want the #Vikings here in #MN. TC is a #Football town #Twins second
it's the Detroit concert to see my loves, <3 I'm going with
SG made me feel completely better about my life today. And gave some outstanding advice.
What is an Android dvlpr? I worked with Droid for many yrs. Couldn't get him to do sh*t. Not the position for me.
RT : what if PEARL TONGUES tasted like the inside of a SUZY Q ???
Agreed. I guess it's done well in other cities, so why not expand? (Pun intended.)
I'm part of the rare breed who absolutely loves CRANK but despises CRANK 2: HIGH VOLTAGE. Anyone else?
well at least you're honest.
good idea... that makes some sense? still lame to not think of that, & I bet more people would join if they had those rates
this is so cool!! wish i could be there!!
Awesome. arrived too :) This panel is getting even more exciting
My night has been made, thank you #2omf , finally <3
I seem to be on this "wake up before 5am" thing and it's bugging the crap out of me
The pepper plants haven't sprouted yet - fingers crossed!
#German filmmaker wins student #Oscars. Congratulations #thomasstuber!
He has that right! "I was a veteran, before I was a teenager." - Michael Jackson
You did great!
Meeting with a chiropractor tonight to make a decision on what type of washable/reusable head-rest covers I'm going to make for her.
these guys are good RT : The #Spurs starting lineup had an offensive efficiency of 138.1 last night against the Clippers.
Lots of lawmakers making time to talk to CNN. Who's working on the budget?????
Only two more games left. Sad but exciting times. Playoffs are here but also means the season is at its end. Saturdays game = must watch
um. it's flawless. PRESSED. inspired her to write it.
You are amazing!!! & dude you are beautiful!! I love you!
Spread the word. If anyone needs an event planner Im free for the next 2 months. Im building my portfolio.
thanks for the follow love
#iftwitterwashighschool i would be in bed all day.
Im a #blackgirl that #rockS!!
": Oh, you play Rolling in the Deep over and over on your computer? I'm guessing it's a dell." is this a bad joke?
My legs looks beautiful in my red skirt :p
joins #g2s as Media Partner
I don't know. Small memorial out in front of Chargers Park.
Who fucking spilled the beer on my carpet
no prob! I caught part of one of your shows one time with the Saints of Havana, like your music!
If I get 600 followers I'll sing go screw yourself by Avery to my crush!
Love it Kesha!!! Beautiful as always :) xoxo
Congrats on the great review!
it was like 3 months ago smh lol let me stop because karma is a bitch ass nigga lol
Cheese mat.? Tf
Dear Teachers, if I don't put my hand up it means I don't want to answer the question so don't bother picking me ... -_-
Like I said don't wake the beast... Mode
lab German shepard mix. Just 7 wks old. Kids are having fun with her
You need an original papaT where you have that Ansel Adams
Pandora radio (an Avett Brothers flavor station) and some SLP Registration setup. Gonna be a nice afternoon.
Dumont ties it back up for the Bulldogs. 3-3 now.
Jordis : Full arm tats + ball gown + big rock voice + soft country song = maybe my favorite #thevoice artist... you go lady!
#WhiskeyHangOver by #Godsmack for all those who may still have a #HangOver!
RT F the haters we love you Agree
will never know i exist! Iloveyou so much still!
Redskins going in hard #defense!
Woken up at 2:00 am by a damn phone call!!!! Do you have any idea how tired I am!?
I think Matthew Stafford is gonna need a hug.
And away we go...
Come hang with us tonight at in West LA tonight for some Karaoke goodness!
There has got to be a cure for these spasms I'm havin on the right side of my face.....hum
one of my favorite blogs, too! Funnier than all get-out and kind to everyone to boot :)
same! gotta love him;)
I'm going her lady name isn't smith...
LAUNCH INTO THE DEEP (Lke 5:4) Launch out into the deep and let down your nets for a catch. God is about to break your nets. #Sir Court
Actually most are, even the ambitious ones, like myself. We want everything now and we do as little as we can to be honest.
I miss home!
High School Baseball: SMHS to face Reagan in best-of-three series
This organization chart is....I don't know. I don't get it. This will be an interesting meeting.
Having a one-person Petty party right now. Love it.
Who stole my feelings!!! You better bring'm back before somebody get hurt!!
be sure to try our namesake "Cafe con leche!" Enjoy!
Ain't shit you can say to change my mind
HEY CAN YU PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU! PLEASE IM TRYNG TO WIN A CONTEST THANKS SO MUCH XO
So today on my way to school, I got off the bus, then I found a "lucky penny" so I picked it up. 10 steps further, I found $7 :)
Ladies, don't you dare skip out on chest. Guys, same goes to you on legs! Muscle imbalances are not welcome!
hope to see you in Atlanta
you just described the smell and look of my brother, although he's a portlander
2 papers done this weekend already! only one to go.
SLOW START, BUT WE GOT EM GOING NOW BABY, GUESS THEY WERE FULL FRM ALL THAT FOOD!!!! LOL
wow. she was someone whose incredible talent inspired me.. someone whose songs I've been singing & listening to since I was a little girl..
Everybody, it's time to get #stocked!!!
. Please tweet more pics!
The goal today is - 2000 words. Turning off the phone and barricading myself in my room until I crank it out.
I really hate school
#MvsW also, I don't think the Rangers should be allowed to add on padding to their gloves to block shots, what's next?
When did we all agree that the term "baby daddy/baby mama" is the best way to describe that relationship?
TONIGHT at Mingles Nite Club..Truth Tuesdays! LIVE music! Hip Hop and R&B. DRINK SPECIALS ALL NIGHT! Come sign up for friday or next tue!
Gucci purses but ya'll livin in a shack and you gettin free lunch?
": When a #Leo woman walks, she walks like a Queen."
hope all is well :)
Yes sis lets pray together
Merry Christmas & Happy Hanukkah! I'm starting to think of my goals for 2012. I really hope to put them ALL into action. #Charity,
Who else is at #webwise?
DON'T DO IT!!
. You're very welcome! We are glad that we could help out! Flat tires are never any fun...
yes! glad you liked.
100 thangs going throw my head right now!! but i cant let it get to me gotta act more mature
alright I donated the 8 bucks and plan on hitting the guide hard b4 my draft tmw, how long does it take to get the email?
Well good night foreal !^_^ **nigh**
School blows.. Wanna go home and sleep -_-
Back in school he was the kid with no swag now he's looks at my closet and all He sees is Class. Thanks to me
He's gone to bed now I have to face this alone. Turning off my phone so it'll stop ringing and I can focus.
#BBW LA overtime....
I havnt been kissed in almost a year -,,-
we may be possibly be reading different critques. The people are doing just that.
David Petreaus RT : J. Cole RT : Bobby brown RT Who will win MVP tonight in the All-Star game?
I want y'all to got together <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB>
lol sure guy that goes gay for Walter lol
Thanks for your efforts on improving web typography! The Golden Ratio Typography calculator is a great tool!
Most of the shows I listen to are around 1.5 hours. That seems reasonable.
“: Morgan Reed: I loved "I Love Lucy", but can I have my #simobile #spectrum back?
story of our life... “: Oh, I offended you with my opinion? HA, you should hear all the things I kept to myself.”
OMFG THE PLANET FITNESS COMMERCIAL WITH THE GUY IN THE ORANGE SHIRT GETS ME EVERY TIME LMFAO
Can you please follow me! Your one of my inspirations!! I love you and your music
I refuse to get cyber bullied on this fine Wednesday evening…. NOPE
Don't be sad!! He's probably going to be in SA this summer to visit is friends and stuff. :)
we could watch half a movie??
Music always puts me in a good mood no matter what
Hey Tanya! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
How about we don't let Greinke or shag fly balls anymore? #Brewers Just a thought. Feel terrible for #Yankees and their fans.
I play a song, no one likes it. Two months later, they all love it.
Big Fat?
ha just cant hand them things out
writing writing and writing
Tuesday is normally "Taco Tuesday," but today it's also "Fat Tuesday" so why not just call it "Fat Taco Tuesday?!"
CORRECTION Sunday Social is 830pm. We're dumb early in the AM. Forgive us.... in person by coming to the show! See what we did there?
"The reason women don't play football is because eleven of them would never wear the same outfit in public." ~Phyllis Diller
Euchure for money late night
#Ideas are in limbo until you implement them. Write them down but also set up a plan for next steps.
You might like my true courtroom drama about a 'fortune hunter' in 1912. Lies Told Under Oath=It's still cited, never told before.
Wow people are jealous of me bc I'm cooler than them losers
I confess, I'm (kind of) a fair-weather photographer. Snow I can handle. Fog, wind, brutal cold are all fine. But no rain.
Clippard just got out of the 8th with a backward K
thank you so much!!
Danny Granger is a beast
The Heartbreak Express vs. Naptown Dragons in tag team action up next.
(phone vibrates) *runs across room* *jumps over couch* *fights off ninjas* *grabs phone* ... "F-CK!, i thought u were someone else!
Have fun! Enjoy your weekend :) RT : Off to celebrate the birth of my standby wife !!!!!!!
Had an amazing lunch made by San Diego Job Corps students. Amazing program.
Dont bring that Fag fuck to the colts
Maybe work won't be too bad tonight *fingers crossed*
you watch The League at all, after Always Sunny? Quite good, I'm a huge Taco fan.
Is Lex getting back in the biz?
Hey, you! Are you in 3A? I'm in 3B.
YALL IM SO SORRY! havent tweeted from the homestead today... so much going on in the office! but we'd still love to hear from you :)
HELP. Should I get purple,turqouise,or purple and turqoise for my braces???(:
Im seriously having the best weekend of my life
I preemptively hated it and refused to read it, so I don't think you're crazy at all! :)
Mitchell Guist Dead -- 'Swamp People' Star Dies in Louisiana [Update]
I'm good n u
Hey ching chong wing wong shake your king kong ding dong (x - Jenna Marbles ( Jenna Mourey ]
“...A needle lying...by him and...he had thrown up,” said the Española shed's owner. “He just found a place where he could go...and die.”
sleepless in davis.
I'm so amused right now! Haha & listening to MJ singing "I can't help it" isn't helping this situation! Lmao! *dies of laughter*
Tick, tick, tick, time is running out on the early bird rate Monday the 31st is the last day.
Had a great workout today, a fun, healthy lunch with my BFF afterwards, and got my resume out to 2 more prospective employers. Life's good!
Back to Informatics/Computing. Maddy is in her last science event.
Thanks to you Kati and all your fellow teachers for job well done with our kids...nice meeting you at "Walkerville" last week
Grt mtg yest w/students @ Redwood HS. They're excited 2 make a diff for all kids. 1 on the team, Mayerlin, is author in April newsletter.
Proud to say I saw the first customers enter at 8:01am. Smashing green attire.
Just found out that the Capoeira test I'm taking today even though I feel unprepared cause of not enough workout time is an hour earlier. :P
Personal invites will always trump.. mass generalized requests
yes we are. send us DM ok?
If vision is clear, there's no need for mrkt research to guide direction. If vision is lacking, at least ask customers what they want...
niice! I'm at fader ft waiting for jay z, nas, biggie, kanye, rick ross, eminem, gorrillaz, beatles, wale, and skrillex.
SOBER is actually an acronym that stands for: Son Of a Bitch, Everything's Real
It's a new Love Language!
I'm working on Homework 2.
lol I feel like I have a weird obsession with walmarts since they're so scarce here
#fake1Dquotes 'Im Straight." - Harry Styles , 'Im Straight." - LouisTomlinson
#blackgirlsrock loving Jill Scott and Angela Davis
Agreed! Loved this post and wish I'd written it! ;)
I want to write for the TV series #Parenthood. That is all.
RT RT : Forgive but never forget.
If Colts win tonight we will schedule 50% tuneups on your furnace
Right on. Sushi is the bomb. :) What's your fav? Probably the CA roll. Or maybe you're into the Eel?
My mom made someone's favorite.
Watching #foodinc and getting pissed off.
we can't wait!
No problem, ENJOY!
lol naw makes class funny , go by faster
Good Morning Sunshine!
WOAH WAIT WHAT!?!?!??! WOOHOOO! Congratulations! Mazel Tov! Felicitations! (that's the extent of my multilingualism) =o)
Merry christmas
RIT students can now enhance their experience on MyCourses. Stop by the SAU today to learn how the new plug-in, BookBag, can help!
"Was that lightning??????" No, they're taking pictures for google earth!
Bro also completely forgot his bags. Pretty sure there was more in his system than a martini, wish I'd tried talkin to dude!
S/o for the follow
Have you tried following #libchat?
Please someone stop me. I am going to hunt Tebow down and KILL HIM
Just kills winter tourism in the North...“: Little Snowfall Not all Bad for county budgets...://t.co/nC4USLWQ”
Happy mothers day to all thee awesome moms out there <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>
the one about the behind every beautiful girl is a guy who did her wrong and made her strong! Hahaha
Just discovered that has the best customer service ever. Like, Zappos good.
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE TELL ME NEGATIVE THINGS DON'T STEAL MY JOY BECAUSE YOUR GOING THROUGH
#OneThingILove late night talks about life
Nothing says happy birthday mom like a TB shot!
Thanks for the follow Aly!
Replace Howard Cosell w/ Twitter and Facebook and you have the announcement of the death of a musician who spanned generations and genres
Cypress Hill too! Sen Dog's been using spanglish since the 90s
We bread winner grinding right now the next move will be epic
Note to self: when pets come running to you with a look like 'what's the shizzle in the basement' make hub go down and see
i followed even though i dont like the jonas brothers :p
I Do Not Give Up!
Are you referring to the Southern Belle shoes? A girl always needs heels!
One trend I'll never understand: mismatched prints. Why, oh why? Since when did looking bad, look good?
have fun you two :)
Figures that was coming. This team never wants to make things easy ever.
"My foot's still draining.."
you're welcome!
“How To Rapid Prototype Multi-touch Applications” Amelia Campbell
And that is a wrap for #TFF 2012. On bus home now. I am offocially DONE. Now I just have to write 20+ reviews. Fuck.
I might also be interested in learning to swim but I might want to start with a bike. My junky cruiser probably won't work.
what happens after you "get" a witness? have you now "gotten" a witness....or have you now "had" a witness?
Thanks alot and very much appreciated man. Way to help a fellow harvick fan out!
No use keeping secrets any longer. Listen up, people: I am Bonnie Bear. There, I finally said it. Feels good...
we should all play guild wars.
I thought he called a foul for a push off.
is that a real sellout or a #redsox sellout?
Dis smoke is so loud my neighbor asked me to turn it down!
Buckley Guitars from Austin, Texas are setting the new standard for electric guitars!
At the Board of Supervisors open comment session of their meeting ... this is might make me ill. I will not get claps when it is my turn :(
Yes of course. DM me your email and I'll let you know when we add new brands, which will be very soon.
Chillin, watchin an oldie but a goodie, The Breakfast club before I watch UCLA vs USC baby on this warm Saturday :)
Happy V-Day Linked In and Twitter friends!
Here's a friendly shout out to all my new followers. Thank you so much for showing your love ;)
All Big Ten and everybody on Mich's sked the next two years, I believe.
At least it is in education, where *showing* students relationships among abstract concepts is helpful.
Very jealous! Have a fantastic time.
Some-old-fat-guy-who-can't-drive yelled "What's your problem, b--!" at me. I wasn't even on the same street as him.
All the single ladies! Oh oh oh.
Enjoy the sunshine...
mask or no mask...GET IT IN!
Students mostly said they think it's fine if colleges check FB profiles in admissions process. Maybe they're especially good kids.
Back to back ugly turnovers. Uh Oh.
Dropped my candy while trying to open it & walk at the same time hdsklfljlk :( FUCK EVERYTHING
Pretty much spent all day, and plan on spending the rest of the day, watching
Without fail, every time I walk through #downtowncrossing, solicitors want to stop and bug me.
Today is #BlackFriday shop til ya drop!
There's not much better than the look and smell of a fresh cut lawn
-What's your favorite piece of #jewelry right now dolls?! #TrendsTues! xox
419 followers! This is awesome let's hit 500 followers please spread the word of this twitter for updates on
I MUST THANOS!!!I NEED MY FRIDAY!!SIR!!
Congratulations :D You're such an inspiration in my life :') Love you lots !
yay yay! Miss u too!!! Glad ur on twitter;)
The Guy Who Played Carlton?! Lol x)
Got RZA as a clue on Draw Something, playing against my dad. I wish my dad was cooler.
you can keep turning me away.... But I'm going to keep trying -T.Wade
I am.and spouse of a teacher.
I'm up in my room throwing down on some Ray Charles.
Omg I'm almost done 20 pounds since starting this diet!!!!!!
Can't wait for #Community tonight, although I could do without the 30 Rock interruption between the episodes.
When you love someone more than yourself that's when they take advantage of you the most
so tired that you can't fall asleep :/
Thank you for keeping such a beautiful piece of history alive for all to enjoy!
I'm lucky, I drop fast for first 3 weeks or so (up to 5 or 6lbs a week) then it slows down to 2-3 per week
made a list of types of people I hate on the lakefront path this morning during 17 miler. pretty sure it tops around 8 million.
Lucky you!
It's a lifetime goal.
#fresnodld yes, and rosenblatt makes clear that the lines are blurry, that efferent and aesthetic are stances, not types of texts
Kirwan testimony is complete. Gov on deck.
thanks for the mention!
Nice hanging with you last night! Great program. The Pure Michigan Campaign is super effective!
Search engine optimization specialists will recommend!~
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.!!!!!
I am grateful I can read, and appreciate folk and punk. Dreadful
Finally got my stuff dry!
Top Gun is on Netflix
WOW! So cool! Did you build it?
Hey man good to chat more this weekend. Let's grab a beer before you conquer France with your entrepreneurial fire.
love the big onion group
You're one of the first to mention a current member. I agree!
you have no idea how fucking pissed I am...
Man my arm feels great lets get this season going
summer.. Where are you..? <|3
hey goldie, what is a Papillon??
thanks for the luv
Thx for that info! Maybe we will try to get him to speak in NYC -- that seems a whole new take on Adorno.
alright! Accepted :)
HappyHolidays from & ! May this season greet you with peace, love, and goodwill! Be "Merry" and enjoy life!
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 36
…Can you say, "DOUBLE STANDARD"!!!? No #curfews needed in
We will be at the and concert tonight!
don't confuse my attitude with my personality / my personality is who I am my attitude depends on who you are
Dallas might want to cover Kevin Durant
The rain will always be our nemesis!
Visit our booth 876 #interop May 6-10th. Ask us about our Ready to Win Solution!
Im a junky how bout you...
Fuck I love candy, so much
says looking for Kernel, File Systems Software engineers in CA for a Startup & WPF/C# Engineers for NYC. send resume to
oh okay (: lmfaooooooooooo Well Them N's are leading These days ! Mines is Nah'ryan
I asked the same about Marc!!!! Oh yes I did!!!!
there's gotta be some type of understanding n usually there isn't. Which leads to the cheating
Administrative assistants can make me tear up now and again too! :)
So shes awake now (:
Ready for Thursday!!! Hurry up!
#DesireThursdays- before we go THERE...howzabout celebrating, with me, a long held desire that has come to you?
When a newly married man looks happy, we know why
Drink some Big Red, mija!
Man needs to keep in touch with his primal urges, whether through sport or through violent movies. Otherwise, we'd end up like Bill Wyman.
follow my new twitter ?<3
My vote is for #Jolene, the worst of the worst! So bad it's great!
hah that's not fair. I want summ
Fuck the haven for caving... That's why we don't speak made men ain't supposed to make statements
this season WAS so shitty
Laying in bed smoking hookah :)
thanks for the reply! We use computers for #socialmedia for work, but are always on #mobile for personal social media.
you're the love
I thought people went into publishing because they loved metadata….
RT : We used the Mao Feng Shui as the key Ingredient in our new Green Tea Mimosa with Cara Cara and a...
DUDE it said you were offline. Damn,! Twitter lied.
“: #ThatAwkwardMoment when you find out that KSR isn't really blocked in Mason County schools. #mybad Oh Shit!!!!
Welcome!:Nothing more frustrating to go back & follow ppl back when u were already! :)
Comprehension and retention are at least 50% higher for video than live presentation
Hooped it up this weekend!
cheer up buddy. Tomorrow will be a better day! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Here we are again. Marco Estrada is perfect through 3 innings. But how will the 4th go this time?
I'll try but Masonic Memorial doesn't let me get an internet connection. I've tried before covering other events.
Follow your dreams!!
I'll let you play with my XBOX if you let me play with your STATION and when we KINECT we'll both scream WII
im not losing my bestfriend, am i ??
i wanna leave home ):
Don't skip breakfast, it's the most important meal of the day!
A lot of my friends from high school have become really badass adults. It makes me happy.
Are you doing the relay? We want to feature you on FitMKE! Captains, interview your team, send to
Vegas. Los Tacos. Mandarin Suite-life …
and when does the 99% have to be spent by
nice!!! Lookin good out there with - said there are more of you then of them :)
Tonight's smoothie: strawberries, a banana, blackberries, vanilla bean yogurt, and peanut butter.
Less than 25 mins to go on today's episode of the show. Call 888-640-9385 to get in with Troy NOW. Check him out on
u would I think that
sexy last night was fun whip cream fight again love you my little bro
Thanks to the library, said cake could be shaped liked 90s TV sensation ALF!
Looking for swagg makers in Atlanta. I am looking for the best Atlanta Promotors who can pack a club in.... Text me @ 404-585-7641
My moms Birthday is Monday so im getting ready to head out and do some Birthday shopping for her
Excited for tonights ride:)
Barry White your sweetness is my weakness
your "man card" had officially been revoked..... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
For the DOOSH, 2012 is more than on...it's MORON
Hopefully I'll be at the game in a suite tomorrow!!!
Our wireless network is working exactly as designed! Why an exclamation point? Because it hasn't been!
Thank you for following us, look forward to hearing more from you
thanks for the retweet. I'm really tempted to get $49.172 worth of pennies. But how will I carry them home?
And is she?
Happy Thanksgiving everyone...:)
I have been waiting for years for the women to take over the men but they always chicken out!!
LML who the fuck u think u talking to? 0.o
About to watch jumanji n take a nap
no. I am going over a friends house tonight but going to the game next wed... So maybe then
OUCH!!! Wake up boyz. You can do it.
Happy Valentine!.. I Gonna Sleep!. GM
Ah!! 13 Days
Ready to take my a** out! #Ready 4 the Wknd
Cheers!! Love your Energy!!!
Got a new url www.tattoosbychurch.com
hey ! just heard you today on radio one and i have been listening to heart in your pocket on repeat since! so beautiful! x
just me or this FM MP fight overblown. Neither in their prime, early mid30s, hasn't MP won a few sketchy decisions recently??
"You're into depression 'Cause it matches your eyes. Stop the faux to be famous. Confused? You'll know when you're ripe."
HSPE = Hoping School Postpones Everything
Please welcome SquirtNetwork to the Max life
Chris: You probably get a more accurate view of the medical field from Greys Anatomy than you do of the tattoo biz from NY Ink.
Pretty little liars! :')
lol yeah buddy
thanks for the shout-out. You guys do great work!
I gotta admit; this show is pretty good and unscripted TV.....not bad
Gummy worms >
Massive telephone and email flurry -- the Unruly Music festival (March 8 - 10) is now officially at DEFCON 3. So much good stuff coming!
I agree! Just the situation on the whole is a lot of wasted energy.
Oh it looked good.
Shout out to everybody that came to chaparral last night and showed their support!!! Much Love & Respect! Unbreakable Ent....
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything. -Mark Twain
If SUBWAY added an Angus Burger sub to the menu would you try it? It sounds money to me :)
S/O dem niggaz got some shit in da works
Remember: Tomorrow is pancake day for FOLMC! Come for breakfast or lunch.
Stock market folly odor what? Now we have one stock ($AAPL) seemingly disguising the market real weakness Magic hands at work overtime
Crap! You should have named the boy band "BONES 4 YOU"
I just ate Cinnabon while watching the biggest loser.
How to deal with death is at least as important as how to deal with life. ~ Admiral Kirk (William Shatner), 'Star Trek II:
so so so excited, asdfghjkl ah <3
UUUMMM HELL...WHAT BOUT ME??? DID U NOT SEE ME HOLLERIN FOR U SAT NIGHT??? SMH...
#FF Follow a couple of the Rogue Scholar Directors: (hipster anthropologist) (full contact book reader)
Thanks to everyone who has been hearing/heard our new song "where I am" and special thanks to those who got the secret meaning ;)...
he also called uw/'cuse where if the refs knew what a charge was, uw may have won
Cleaner. Smarter. Stronger. Rev3 Energy Drinks--- www.GetRevEnergy.com
For National Financial Literacy Month, is tweeting important tips about financial aid. Pass on to your college-bound students!
heard bout the hologram
We're sorry for the issues you've described, please contact Bob Lamb, so we can fix this.
"Improving all the time, I am improving as I kiss the hem - I promise I won't be a trouble at all." ::sufjan stevens::all for myself::
Because it has zero calories... According to the Coke website, Coke zero has the same amount of caffeine as Coke Classic.
The old guy made the movie.. lol
Any recommendations for us when we begin our fundraising campaign?
#MAHOMIES if you had 25 charactors only to say something to what would you say!?!
Saw Charlie Murphey last-night hilarious
$5 in the mega millions office pool
Just don't sneeze on the dummy! (unless you really need some extra texture)
i need a get outa jail free card
Are you optimizing for keywords in your articles or posts? Today's KW for my articles is dog dental care. Sounds funny, eh?
Dare to give a young child a a book for Christmas instead of a video game -and you will have a enemy for life... Wake up parents!
Auditioning continuously and taking care of vocal health will prepare you for the big opportunity when it comes.
It been very relaxing for me and Gomez. :)
hes sending that to everyone lmao
I'm mad u bac n the U.S and didn't tell me :(
Hey everyone! Come on over mention the tweet and get 15% off discount! Tonight only!
lol s is for
Yes, can we help you?
i didnt get it! :( what did it say? :o
Thanks so much for the hugs Michelle! I'm good just bored. Waiting on kids, story of my life. You doing ok, Book released?
Real nice Grandpa. :/ My Grandpa told me one of the closets that's broken fell on him. I told him he was probably messing around with it (c)
...Kenny Rogers, penny loafers.
Nope, I don't see them until June 10th in St. Louis I'm soo excited!! And thank you:D
2012 Phenom Camper °Jr Phenom: Russell Wells °Rising 8th Bend , OR Travel Team: Summitt Storm °Shooting Guard 5’0
Stick to wearing cargo jorts and not baseball predictions
Mercury Men Q&A with Chris Preksta tomorrow at 7pm at the Frick Fine Arts Building on Pitts Campus. Re-Tweet if your coming!
haha aww!! How are you! When are we all TC? We haven't for a while
For at the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are & u know what u want ...
MayB I get her sum ova da weekend and surpise her
S/O to my new followers!!! Grind'n n shini'n
so true
just had a good mix of spinach, celery, apple, beet, carrot, kale - now off to work-out. yey!
So pumped for the home opener tomorrow! My absolute favorite day of the year.
welcome to twitter!
It's amazing the resistance he's gotten from his bosses over this for literally his entire radio career. Agony.
Remember to call your mothers for Mother's Day! A 10 minute phone call might not be a big deal to you, but it'll make mom's day! -A good son
RT Mayor Dave Bing was released from Henry Ford Hospital this morning. The Mayor will recuperate at home from surgery
I love those little icons!
Just watched Dirty Rotten Scoundrels in San Jose.
Perfect! lets make some beauty!
Psyched for Boot Camp Tonight! Have some crazy new stuff for you guys tonight! It's gonna kick A$$! Hope you're ready! Change Today!
Good morning! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
thank you! learn something new every day -- did not know that about oil/gas :)
Quick reminder for all you Reno coworkers out there, the space is closed tomorrow but is still available to card holders! Happy Holidays
Shitty washington haha.. Hey r u getting and sending weird messages from ur account?
Some kinda art stuff.
Enjoying Connectionopolis mtg this morning. Topic: Pinterest. At EDH Express (nice place!) Speaker:
Coye OR me, rather.
Big plans being made at Feast Portland: Food & Drink Festival central. If you aren’t excited yet, you should be.
please follow You won't regret it, she is such a big Enchancer. She loves you so much. <U+E32C>
Enjoy your day with sweet baby Grant, love! XO
APPLE SPICE JUNCTION OPENS TODAY IN BONNIE BRAE! 7 am - 4 pm
My grandma was Irish, and my grandpa was lesbian. That makes me quarter lesbian.
My 3 o'clock brick wall decided to come hang out now instead...
17 hours until #MURFC opens up Fall '11 Season against UW-Milwaukee! Come out to watch our versatile team hunt some Panthers!
#Broncos reportedly will pay half of the $5 million that was the "snag"
Guy speaking Chinese on The Filipino Channel. I'm so confused.
You wanna hang out?
I hate slow driving ppl
On facebook I can't write my true story because people judge me, but here I can write EVRYTHING! And jeez my life right now feels crappy!
I look forward to the cooler Fall Weather What's up though with all the rain? April showers bring May flowers, what does Fall showers bring?
lmao austin u and dave always put a smile on my face too funny going to school with a smile thank u kind sir (:
football time baby!
I wanna tweet someone. Text is better, but everyone I know here is asleep. Tweeople, if you're awesome, lemme know :)
Chillin on the couch, enjoying the latest and greatest internal dashboards, my Mom just game me a little green tea making lesson
Wow. Amazing week AND now we get to watch a football game. Great job hosting Indy!
S/O to for making me chicken enchiladas for dinner! we have the best boyfriend EVER.
tomorrow we will be competing at the aurarias has got talent competition between 3 pm and 6 pm come support us 2MX2 tivoli turnhall
yeah, sounds great
email songs to for a submission
you couldnt hit water if you fell of a boat ^.^
That was a hell of a ride by JB Mauney.
Can I have an ass like ? Foreal. #Please?
Lol! It's a longer lasting high! :)
omg u look like justin bieber!!! aw eww
--> Good morning, Jamie!
Never give up! Never quit!
You too!!!
what up bro, u ever end up posting those pix from ?
Argentina, here I come!!
Have to guess right now, who wins AFC North Balt or Pitt?
Will not go to posh again not my style
Starting back at square 1 with Spanish. Is it strange that on taught be one of the few words I have retained? Agua
Having as few as 20 books in the home still has a significant impact on propelling a child to a higher level of education...
and - tnx for follows!
Just woke up . You
"Hollywood Tonight" is a Michael Jackson song! Or... at least a song we were told was MJ but was likely someone else.
on the way to buffalo will be out of range soon. But go for it; team will get a kick out of it.
My Video to my song, "Do You Wanna Go" will be shot in a little under 3 weeks. Inbox me if you are interested in being there an in it!
Sorry but you actually can't say Ari isn't talented without looking like a fool. Even if you don't like her, you have to admit shes talented
well i dont no what to say but im not getting into because you one of my good friends and she is one of my good friends .
#Celtics lead the #Knicks 52-44 at the half. Ray Allen and Paul Pierce each with 16 points.
TMZ SAID THE ACURA COMMERCIAL RAN DURING THE SUPERBOWL W/SEINFIELD CASTING ASKED 4 A BLACK THAT WASNT 2 DARK FOR THE SALESMAN.
Thanks everyone for coming out to our Funding Roundtable tonight! We look forward to continuing to work with you on this important issue.
If life were a movie, would win an Oscar in his role of an ineffectual, conceited, apathetic mayor of an otherwise awesome city
I think I am going to Liam's cell phone to his head tonight. He talks on the phone so much I would be doing him a service.
great meeting you too! I am already scheming and thinking how I can get up there.:)
suck my toe
Took me a good 20 seconds to realize that the slide technology on my phone didn't know the word titletown.
I hate when my phone changes lmfao to Lmfao. Its only an upgrade to an upper case "L"...
Jobseekers, check out Manpower's answers to "What's the #1 thing you want to know about resumes?"
hope it's magical. Free at last.
I love glue (:
that be cool to,just don't give a shit load of money to me that i never earned.100 bucks a game,$1600 a year is fine.
We often try 2 fight and destroy our personal "demons" W/O help and when we do they try to beat us to the punch by trying to destroy us 1st.
im making an effort today
#scenekidsruineverything <- the fuck is this?? .... People call me scene. I wear yoga pants and zombie shirts. GET ON MY LEVEL
Hey girlie, how are you? DO YOU REMEMBER ME?
#sometimesijustwant to smack you.
It took so long because Jerry is to long to transport.
Thank you! (blush) RT : Cool people to chat with: and for taco talk,
HEY its sabrina(: lol i made this new account b/c my friends got mad at me because i would spam their timeline with austin(:
Ethiopia Habtemariam new SVP of Motown Records/EVP/Head of Urban Music for Universal Music Publishing Group. Motown now aligned with IDJ
The things I would do to be with Natalie Portman.
How're all my followers doing on this fine evening?
the little ladies who collect cans have woke me up the last two mondays bc the amount of beer cans &bottles aw yay little ladies! #$$$
shouldn't u be sleeping by now?? Another sloppy day at work tomorrow hu??
lol what lil dude? Before u get stuck
My Tweets column is on the wrong side. #annoying #FridayThe13th?
BA Plead the Fifth...jealous
I see you found Eric! lol!!
I'll remember that
WHAT?! I can't STOP listening to it! Mighty Breath of God? Show me Your Glory? The breakdown at the end of My Soul Longs for You?
Ferguson - Stanley Fischer is one of greatest living economists in the world.
Yuhh Follow Me I Will Follow Yuhh JusttThaa Easy!
Make every tweet count ;)
do you know there's Fossil iPad cases! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
So pissed that we don't have late arrival! But I'm glad its thursday though
you are so close to breaking rihannas record! I got a good feeling about this! :)
yes! so do you still want me to bring the watermelon?
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your updates and tweets. Cheers! Lee
Leap Day means we get to enjoy Bock for an extra day this year. Sweet.
... that's why he opted to change the locks in my absence.
Just in case you're wondering, we're taking a breif hiatus to enjoy the birth of my 2nd son, Maxwell James Simpson, born Sept 16th. More...
I hadn't realized they had podcasts. That sounds like just the thing when I tire of language tapes. Thanks for the tip!
If smartphones were allowed we would run the table.
I know, right?! I feel like I haven't seen you in FOREVER! Miss you!
I didn't even know that happened.
I knowww . lol it's okay ^-^
happy birthday Rochelle, sorry i am a bit late in the day saying this, hope you've had a fab day- sounds like a great
pride goeth before the fall
I didn't get the reference. Please explain.
Watching special on HBO @ Jack Kevorkian & I'm getting ticked that his right to free speech was taken away.
My grandma just asked me to teach her how to txt O_o
<U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] If you have no idea how to do a final exam question, just draw a funny picture. Best one gets 0.1 added to their GPA!
#Navy236 Thanks for keeping America safe
Blah blah blah :P
Back online - that was a trying three days ...
Trying to style on the civilians at Riverwalk with blues on
13,220 new policy & news events, transcripts, congressional testimony & member news releases on LexisNexis, Factiva & ProQuest this week
BIRTH CONTROL FOR EVERYONE!
maybe August they'll go in
Wow, Vero kicked some ass. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
thank you :)
just sent it out on the gcsoc student list for good measure.
It was a great time! Thank you for joining us!
How about that HEAT :)
:(((( soon!! Lol RT : This is when I wish I could drive so I could go visit !! :( and get some chinese
THIS JUST IN, YOU ARE ALREADY IN HELL. happy.
Let me get some of that meth head cock.
Thx! Followed you back. :)
True that.
Padvertisement has teamed with Choice and Kimpton hotels to place interactive iPad ads in front of guests. Your venue can participate too.
Over in South Hampton England. Could have sworn it was Monday all day. Great studio today regardless of my blondeness! Happy Wednesday!
Individuals Polled On &quot;What Part of SEO Process is the Most Difficult?&quot;
When my hair looks bad then nothing looks good
Thursday nite, Houston modern,luxury party, roark on outbursts...?yes?
it's not that i would have gone if I didn't have 3 weeks left of school and too much to do
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. – Benjamin Disraeli
Walking around proctor in Tacoma, Wa. It's a nice sunny day. :)
is back! One of my favorite voices EVER. Yay !
well its completely obvious i dont have a game, haha so im good any day(:
it's like an electronic bulletin board. Great if your creating a vision board, saving pix of images for redecorating, etc.
Good night everyone(:
Yes with Colt. No For Lester but hope Im wrong. And I Blame Canada.
If you haven't heard from me, it's because I'm frantically revising my novel. If you need me, please leave me a message in chapter 4.
You see the hate that they serving on the platter. So what we gonna have, desert or disaster?
Apparently I'm a coyote trainer now.
It's almost here!! RT : Sunday May 20 @ UNIFEST alongside LUCIANO and many more! #partyrockin unifestlive
I may support this. Bring back Eaton! RT": Mark Eaton. Trade him for me."
So excited for Staci J to pop her cherry tonight !!!
Lesson learned: knit complete pair of socks back to back... I'm avoiding casting on for my 2nd anklet, even though I enjoyed making the 1st.
Sorry I called you annoying :/ #MyOnlyHero do you guys do a stickam??? You should...
I will be in St. Louis Park, Roseville and Forest Lake. Need a window cleaning estimate today?
Don't Ever Say " I grew up With That Nigga Thats My Brother He Wouldn't Dp That!" You Never No What a Person Would Do
this would be a fun startup weekend project & maybe get you a Mac foothold. All inspired by #nikefuel (pedometer)
What you say about renal pathology is what you say about society.
no it doesn't. Who wants to by new shirts all the time. I wear clothing that fits me, not small clothes. Lol
extra medium?
Awe! oh it's happening!
Bought Haribo Tangfastics for but had to bust em open after McDs ran out of Cadbury egg McFlurries.Will replace!
RT - Next time you pass a Walgreen's, take a close look at the W. Then look at the Washington Nationals' "W" ... do the Nat...
How in the hell do you eat all my snacks, buy me more to replace them, then eat them again???....Im done just dont buy me anymore hahahahhaa
No matter what anybody tells you, words and ideas can change the world.-Keating
omg. It is hot as hell lol. Let's lay out! I need a tan.
Awesome turn out for 1/2 off bottle Wednesday! Such a beautiful day again! What's your favorite time to come into Enoteca?
I DON'T KNOW ANY REALLY DOE
All your decisions affect everyone in this family. So many things I'm not able to do just because of you..
And-away-they-go... Wishing everyone a fun safe time at the Del Mar Racetrack Opening Day. Best of Luck on the ponies!
Classy cheers for #SteveNash in Phoenix.
Take it all in
Why, hello Saturday, so good to see you again!
Oh yeah! Central Hudson Restores Service to Nearly 100,000 Customers in Two Days
let's do it
Thank you for the mentions and follows
OMG...is your apartment okay except for the BBQ smell?? yikes!
Im at Texas lol
Did someone you know get engaged recently? Call now and both of you can benefit from the referral program and huge sale going on!
Arutrs was Like wall!!
Spartans going for that big ten title today go state!
That's right!
I wish! For some reason I'm hitting mostly the Mid-West for paperback....DC, Milwaukee, St. Louis, Denver.....
RT Become familiar with Gods Word.. so familiar that in the midst of your unseen battles you can readily speak it out!
The only game tonight is
please to meet you
"Digital literacy" is just "learning" in the 21st century
Holiday bowl !
Lolololol RT : Michael Jackson Moaning > Trey Songz entire career.
Mmmh! Rihanna. You don't get it.
haha give me your accent n ill give you mine;D? fairs
you naughty, naughty boy!
it was so easy being popular in elemantary school.All i had to have was the 64 pack of crayons with the built in sharperner
Happy Ghanaian Independence day! #goghana today you're 55!
Dang Dallas lost
I like making low keys moves when I'm out in the public .. nice, quiet, hidden gem places ... quality music, experience and dining ...
Just passed Flower shop full of last minute V day shoppers. Note to the guy buying 2 gerber daisies: that's just not going to cut it.
Is that a euphemism for....?
aging, reliability theory and systems failure (Gavrilov et al 2006..) ("load" 17 hits. Using "damage load", not "mutation load".)
Geez. I might as well stay up and watch the sunrise...
Tell a nigga some shit ans they gone feel some type of way about it and that's the whole point
Land, hospitality, multi-family, office, industrial, retail and others. Closing challenging transactions is what we do
Winter's Tale work starts tonight at 7 at PushPush. Come play.
The desire to take medicine is perhaps the greatest feature which distinguishes man from animals.
Had a great time with last night! Thanks to all those that attended despite the heat!
Happy Presidents day! Don't forget today is the last day to shop tax free at the 900 N Michigan shops!
Quick turnaround! Free member tickets for Wednesday's game can be reserved at noon tomorrow at joinsporting.com.
I'm lost here in this moment and time keeps slipping by.
I'll be introducing the stases next week.
The stock market has risen 70 percent from its low in March 2009. <---That was, until today.
saw Patient (after Seybold) last night. I have no interest in melancholy as literary tradition or otherwise. This movie reminded me of that.
As a Mets fan I long for the days of John Franco. We have no closer. Ugh.
Talents within do not have an expiration date!That being said little willow needs about a 5 year break!Enroll that girl in summer camp ASAP
Woah this hotel is insane
": Pussy shouldn't be dirty like what I'm drinkin shawty" Already Bruh when you gone fuck with us
I don't see why he's not starting
CONEHEAD MITT: We know you're not of this Earth! (Riding an elevator in a car with a dog strapped to the roof?)
It's the lip and brow combo ;-)
Bumped up to business class only to find my feet don't reach the floor up in here.
Looking for some professional focus/inspiration, suggestions as far as where to start with one of your books?
David Knox seminar today was awesome!
thank you for that.
Do you have questions about Alumni Weekend? We have the answers. Contact us at 1.800.955.0065.
I have been up much of the night working with MPD on the response to the shooting on the 700 Block of Princeton.
I'm not gonna talk to you if you have a girlfriend so stop trying -_-
out & about shopping 4 red dresses. Hope youse are having fun!
hows that face feel after the dominating #slapbox? Can't wait till #TC uploads that biznizz
you are my rock but keisha has been good wit them & girl alway love dem too much
Love to Love:
I know Walt's son!
What a save
But omg I'm meeting Candice, Michael, Steven, David and Kat in melb convention in June. Something to look forward to in the long break ^.^
Pick me! Pick me! At least you look really cute and young in it.
Can't wait for the #deerVSmonkey battle tomorrow! Go rangers!
I never understood that really, is that just how they sing or do they have to practice that?
#GMEN. RULE. #newyorkgiants show them Pittapats how to play at
Thanks but it will be little difficult to go their concert!!!!!
Night = ruined. I wish I could be numb of emotions right now.
Happy Tuesday: Fashion fun, who was your favorite dress at this year's annual Costume Institute Gala ?
Let it me known...Model UN for iPad and Android tablets....coming out first quarter of 2012. :-)
With cats in the house now, my socks also double as lint brushes for the wood floor.
The boyz are like 2 hours away from me. <U+2665><U+2665>
You are not biased to humanity. YOU are biased in favor of murderors! Hamas murders Civilians! BE HONEST!
Work break in LA: hiked up the mountain , looked over town, watched a hawk couple circling above me while the sun set-
If iWake Up Tomorrow & ' You Still Aint Here !
testing virtual meter clouds that change virtual topology and cluster according to real-time data measurements: event-driven approach to AMR
We might try looking into a chihuahua...
LOVING unlimited yoga at my favorite yoga studio this month. Eating yoga with a buffet mind-set! I will be doing this again. <3 <3 <3
My lip is still swollen from the piercing, hope it's gone by tomorrow /:
WTF?!?! jeez poLson youd think you would get more considering you guys have been SLAPPPIN BITCHES! haha
Woohoo. Being an adult, acting like we don't have kids ! #parent thoughts
oh . lul i feel dumb now
Last night had dinner at Park Tavern in North Beach or whatever that neighborhood is called and it was amazing. You should go
What's hotter, your kitchen or Michael's hot peppers? Come get some now!
we love u too <3
The Israelis are willing partners in seeking peace. But the shelling, stabbings and suicide bombings MUST STOP!!!
Felt bad for telling my little brother that i wasnt going to his concert so im just gonna go and suprise him :)
wow my brain can't process what my eyes do see. And no, James's mom doesn't even own an Ihedigbo jersey. Welker perhaps?
Hey Junior, show some respect and take your cap off for the anthem. Oh, and pull your pants up.
I can't wait to see you this week. Counting the days!!!!
I know we're all genuinely concerned about the recent tornados but there seems to be some serious storm porn going on
Mike piazza in the stands at the US game in Italy?
Hey New York City! It's FRIDAAYYYY and it's a beautiful one! B4 you head out to enjoy your day apply to our focus groups
thanks lol I don't need saving ;)
from : "a great app grants a wish"
movie was pretty good. It was worth seeing.
My best friend lost his mom today, she was gone too soon. She was an angel on earth and now in Heaven, we will miss her. Love you.
Happy Graduation! Why aren't you walking tho?
LMFAO : #ColumbineTweet RT : !!!!!! RT : i Hate Them Black Children At My School . So Fuckin Childish
Who knew Aramis Ramirez would be the stability in the Brewers infield this season?
Hey everyone. Tomorrow is Friday! Live this weekend like it's your last! We'll be in the studio this Monday! We'll be thinking of you guys!
Front Desk Thurs: Thanks 2 Alaska State Museum grant, watching our windows get covered w/ a UV/solar energy blocking film! Happiness ...
When it's laundry day, I seriously regret changing my outfit 3 times before leaving for school each morning.
Jay-Z named his daughter Blue Ivy. Will rappers ever stop degrading women?
dear : it should not take more than 30 minutes to simply pick up an rx.
And it's right down the street from my house...
I hope you partied it up for your mom's first mommy's day!!
Mean girls
Illness has kept me from the Italian Film Festival this weekend cinema, but you really oughta go. It's free; today's the final day.
#Broncos Dawkins "I have been told I will never be on Dancing with the Stars."
Eric has class late tonight, which means it's my night to cook ... which means yes, I did just order pizza.
Ry Cooder just sent an Email, he wrote the score for my first USA-impression , will talk to him later, so excited
Got dammit I missed it!
lol. Good one.
Training Truth: The overweight athlete who can bench press 300 pounds yet not do a single pull-up is not very strong at all.
Ugh...stuck on a bus due to #ObamaTraffic...should have taken the subway
R U attending any #oscarparties this weekend?
not that I think all TRS fans are dumb but you get it I think hahaha.
Off to Philly!
Going to spit in dylans eye while he's sleeping tonight. Mess with me;)
it a song
Your Welcome (:
Thanks so much for the retweets!
ha ha thanks
UNC just lost. Kentucky just lost. This is why I love March
Fyi: we clean windows in some of the worst weather conditions. Its just part of our jobs.
I tried , but I don't think it will happen ...
So thankful! With all that God is in control of, He still chooses to be SO involved with little me.
#PayWhatYouCan double header today: #MonkeyAdored #Bhutan Come cozy up with us & some wine from the donation bar
thanks! Glad you dig us :) how are ya?!
"Their flesh in the green light has the suggestion of decomposition."- WHERE THE CROSS IS MADE
thank you love you so so much!!! This weekend will be the best! :)
I feel like poo
Maybe even reward myself w/ a lil time in jacuuuuuzi
How To Prune The Enterprise Link Tree
Today: 82° with isolated PM T'storms. Tonight: Mostly clear, 50°
congrats bro!!!!
Hello Luciane, it is good to see you here. Did you get my message on Facebook? I wait for your order.
I been puttin me on too long!
hey gab follow me
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it....
Can such things be created or replicated in classroom environment. [-]
Please help my friends get on the amazing race!!! Please repost!!
absolutely not.
Great products result fr “trying to expose urself to best things humans have done,then bring those things into what u r doing.”Steve Jobs
starting now, if you're nice to me... I'll be nice to you. no matter what I may have heard about you. #fuckrumors. #fuckpeople. Idc anymore.
I'm not beauty queen, I'm just beautiful me. <3
Thanks for the shout out! The most interesting panda in the world will soon be coming out of hibernation. Always Stay Crazy my friends.
of course! What made you think he didn't?
When a father gives to his son, both laugh; when a son gives to his father, both cry. - William Shakespeare
Oh my god. I need to call my grandma.": gma is starting to go to tai chi in the park!"
hertz. They're number one. Gold.
I am attracting powerfully positive and healthy people into my life.
I think we did pretty awesome last night - don't you? Hahaha
OMG yes! Have you seen the vid of him dancing with his friends? He can shake his booty better then I can!!!
Wow RT : BREAKING NEWS: Derrick Rose has torn his ACL and will miss the remainder of the season, Bulls announce.
Our #ala10 booth is now on FourSquare. At the end of the conference, we will send the Mayor some nifty swag. Checkin at booth
Cheap Prescriptions - Savings up to 55% - Publix - VIAGRA -
Rihanna’s Dad Ronald Fenty Approves of Chris Brown: “He’s a nice guy…”
Congrats to ! You've won the first set of Irish Fest tix. DM us.
I read that and it blew me away. I'm constantly quoting it to people.
thanks I love you! :)
Up at 6 means house picked up (and subsequently destroyed), 3 miles run, all by 9am. Rock.
In Seattle i had a cab driver who explained the cost savings of flying to eastern europe for dental procedures.
I take it double d is safe?
Great seats still available at the door for TONIGHT'S highly anticipated debut of the NAFC at WI State Fair. Main card 7:30. Over 20 bouts!!
welcome to SA!
RT : Take a look... Good Ideas here... It's Not Too Late To Find Gifts For Him On #Etsy Under 20$ by Joshua...
Get out, get out, get out of my head and fall into my arms instead.
it's raining again!! :D
Who ever heard of coldplay except 4 now, cuz I hope Im not dat only 1 here
Sometimes... i just cry knowing that you've changed so much..
Thanks for the follow Say hi to everyone in NYC for me!
I think i tweet more in the night?
good try thinking motor vehicle and shopping
Cooking dinner.. Gonna break out the Wok!
I'm just a young girl trying to make the most of what God has given me
Thanks for the follow and shoutout!
lol did u when and how much do they cost
nah I'm good dude. Thanks though
I want my beard back.
hey what's happening to holly!?
Does anyone know a great foreign language school in Houston, TX?
need new people to follow and new followers
We're on twitter!
Awesome! Thanks buddy!
just trying to stay awake through the night. Quite the insomniac or what?
I'll be hunting latenightjimmy down in Call of Duty.
Thx to all of you for your support! RT : Thank you to for all the help w
Its a shame that I see my boyfriend way less than you see yours and your relationships fail. My advice learn to actually value your time.
Christ, Betty, why not just mainline it?
When girls post like 50 pictures and look exactly the same.
Haha! I almost went with that angle but finally decided on the other route. Thanks, Nipples! :)
Darn #Verizon needs 2 focus on something we care about... bills that make freaking sense and don't look like a #JackSparrow treasure map!
I'm really glad you dig the stuff. There will be a music video for arma pretty soon too!
i watched hawks destroy blues last night...first footy game i ever seen. pretty cool.
A little obsessed with Kimbra right now. Her EP is $3.99 on iTunes.
Got canned heat in my slip-resistant heels tonight.
My freakin' tooth hurts. My face is all swollen still lol!! But fuck it, I'm still awesome <3
Kush in the air
so great to have you Premiere your episode with us. Congratulations on your audience choice win!
I hate to bail early on ya, but I forgot to get my Smarter.Bolder.Faster. pic taken. Great Job!!
Great punt. Our offense moved the ball lets see how well with our great te and yac rb. Defense will be aggressive and challenge A smith.
lightning talk on chat support link added to the Koha staff interface menu
np:) have a great day.
Having a hard time figuring out a name for my column for #ThePaisano! Arg.
Talked the husband into veggie pizza. We are both in love. (With the pizza, in addition to each other lol). Win for Tonic!!
com’s expert team for more information on which sleeping bag is most suited for your needs if you have any doubt
Very cool picture of you!
Jordan Catalano was my first crush. <3
Happy birthday Yoko!
i bet looks amazing! thanks for the update! did you find a dress?
NYC ranks 1st as a global business center in a worldwide survey of cities followed by London, Paris, Tokyo and Hong Kong
I mean, would it have killed them to write some things down for posterity?
thank you!!!
atleast it makes sense you have a twin named that! Better then calling you a random name lol
Now, I got to get ready for this anger management class in a little. Er
They'd be large and annoying, but it'd be worth it.
I wish I knew what it feels like to #tellhimyoulovehim but I'm to Afraid -.- to experience it
and it 5 yet?
Other than casting Patrick Wilson, that movie made zero good decisions regarding Laurie/Dan
Im Talking about Now!! its 1:43 your not supposed to look cute Kam!
you like though? Haha I replied :b
What she said didn't change my opinion about myself but it just made me happy and was like a big "fuck you" to the jerk...
with THE FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES MICHELLE OBAMA due to time mix up UUUGGGGGG!!!!!!! Can I start today over :(
says its not about who's real to your face, its about who's real behind your back
Next up, Green Water Treatment Plant redevelopment. Martinez says there is "way too much left" to do.
RT And Follow Back If You Love Your Fans!! I Will Always Support You Till The End!! #Belieber Forever xoxo #NeverSayNever 3
94 more days until Warped!
Lets go Rick Hawn!.
": Creme Ancienne Infusion tonight! My hydrated skin thanks you" - Ditto, I'm addicted to it and my skin loves it.
Lucroy basically just told you to go fuck yourself
Was up twitter? Busy busy busy day
Miss Ethnic World Pageant will be held September 19, 2010 at 7pm at the Radisson Westside in Los Angeles.
When u look in the mirror R u happy with YOUR reflection? U CAN be!
Aw thanks! I'm excited to take baby photos!
tired haveto get some sleep bigday on monday,,
#Taboo2 Tonight ! Ladies FREE ALL NIGHT ! All 2012 Graduates Free Til 12 !
There were 33 players in today's $140 buy in noon tournament.The top 5 places get paid, first is $1585. Next tournament is tonight at 7 pm.
Go completely digital on those flashcards and forget the printing and cutting for good.
Asian girls look so cute pregnant... I just wanna kick them in the uterus.
Powering through.
I'd ask on the Strophe mailing list. I'm not familiar with Openfire's requirements for group chat.
Sweating it out watching the #nyrangers. Game 7. Bring it.
Orthopedic doctor hello, my legs and ankles are severly messed up...welcome to my problem.
I'm Craving for a Dorito Taco I wish fast food delivered .
my job is transferring me
Follow #dealchat is great tonight!!
is it about the cape!? I thought that was tmorrw!
Well deserved media coverage Joe & team. Well done!
Buying myself Jason Mraz tix as a graduation gift. Who wants to come? He's the best, I swear.
Clock strikes 7:30 and my day is already flawless! Happy Mother's Day to my girls! I love you, guys!
Follow for me please <3
I am so sick of these dudes in Pittsburgh where can I find a real man who can hold a conversation and take ME out for a good time!?!? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
"It's said #Obama is a #socialist. I don't doubt he's sympathetic to #socialism but, to be true to the meanings of words, he's a #fascist."
'01 ACC Champs...its about time we get another one this year coach...Go Terps!
Morning. Finishing up my last paper of the semester today. I can't wait to be done!!!
Got my school date for may 12 get done wit wlc n then June house gets packed up 29 plane to Puerto Rico yea
Will Farrell is funny as fuck
Thanks Frank! Your work with youth is inspirational - looking forward to updates!
Do horse-racing commentators ever use election metaphors?
Thanks for the #Followback! RT Following back!!!! Lol. Thanks for following me.
8/20/2010 What the Grateful Dead Can Teach Us About Choosing Memorable Brand Names Fast Company
We're number 1 on the ReverbNation Alternative charts for Pacific Northwest WA, OR. www.reverbnation.com/simonthunder
To prevent that cakey look on your blemishes dot a non matte concealer around the blemish & blend inwards.The texture will look more natural
shit getting there :* I like <3
Join me Sunday for some bona fide Chicago jazz featuring Mike Allemana Marlene Rosenberg, and Paul Abella at Uncommon Ground 8 pm
A Black Queen in a Blue Ocean: How Microbes Evolve to Depend on Each Other - Huffington Post
will be the next iron chef!! If not, then its rigged
KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT Acquires 255-Unit Complex in Baltimore Suburb - MarketWatch (press release)
- Almost always manual. You guys?
what did u eat to make your tung soo colourfull hehe x and I love your shades x #followme pleaasee make my year/life x
We be tight like frog's ass. Having you screaming Biggie Biggie give me one more chance.
Every time I started scrolling through my paper to find something, I'm compelled to type tl;dr.
Goodnight everyone bye
#BOYFRIEND10DAYS :) woo, can't wait *__*
Get on the floor, gimme some more. Come to da club, spinnin' those dubs. Vomit my drank, go to da bank. Made a #rap song. $10 million plz
Patience and timing lead to another day of successful trading. The ability to read the character of the market is key to strategy selection
I agree! I find things like that fascinating.
thanks boo! When are you free this week? My parents are out of town let's get drunk!
How's Ryan Atwood playing? RT : Sandy Cohen of Seymour playing exceptionally well for Blaze in Waukegan.
“Money grows on the tree of persistence”
Thanks for the RT! I hope the Lewis clan is doing well. :)
Domestic drafts & house wines only! RT I won my office bracket. Time to pick where and are taking me for drinks
Board meeting launched at
Dreamweaver, my old nemesis. We meet again.
she so cute
FYI stay away from your haters. I have drama free page tweet me all day much love on here. Love my tweets.
#Hot & #Dangerous :)
God is the only man who has my heart, he is the only man i will ever be in love with.
Job CA or WA - 150k-250k File Systems Devs, SQL Server Devs, Java Server Side, Storage Protocols.
Ready to Sell Your Home for Condo Life? Homeowners everywhere are realizing that owning a single family home just isn’t for them. Althoug
INTERN ADVICE - YOUR BOSS: Understand & exceed expectations. Know pet peeves & unspoken rules. Check-in often. Volunteer. Be a team player.
Redneck First Aid Kit: Super Glue and Duct Tape. if that aint enough...ur screwed..
the way says Don'y be so shy in #SaySomethin <3
me too. tweet high fives
Listen 2 really c what's on a hoes mind n c what she got 2 say... Then a pimp gotta just pimp accordingly after that
I hate sushi but I love Pussy
Good Morning, thespians. Happy Monday.
Our hot water works again! Im glad I washed my hair in the sink!! Gr...
I'm tweeting on my Ipad
watched a vid someone made of with "this is why I'm hot" in the backround. now the song's stuck in my head. this is what I get
Congrats Demi you're actually super talented!.
thanks for the RT! :)
I feel your pain
Watching #projectrunway and my support is behind Gunnar Deatherage, from Louisville. Not a fan of Laura Kathleen, who put down WKU. Ouch!
looks great!!!
This Girl Told Me I'm Always Happy , Hmm You Just Don't Know .
#hth2012 "What u get for playing dirty RT Target to stop selling Kindles as brick &mortar rebellion against Amazon "
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 26
Craziness. Some guy fell through the ice up here a couple days ago. We made it on and off the ice unscathed, however.
yeah! I'm excited to see what Skylar does ;)
#DontWifeHerIf she not faithful nd trustworthy
I see a Conrad walkoff in the near future!
Trying to look innocent I see.
In the "Who to follow" section of Twitter, Taylor Swift came up. I'm proud to say that none of my friends follow her.
want Mexican?
If I was still cool with Oomf I'd call him and talk all kinds of shit about this game
are you kidding me #apple #mountainlion? i dont even have lion yet. how many times doyou want people to reformat there computer?
ITS JUST THE MATTER OF TIME TIL OKC TAKE OFF ON THE LAKERS
ending Wednesday or beginning Wednesday? I wouldn't mind taking on a short term project this week ;)
Sad RT “: Guy drove through the War Memorial last night. Through the glass and down the stairs. Good grief.”
the two of us tonight, we can make it last forever
Shout out to Anna from Florida!16
r u from Chicago area, we have a foxhill here?
the winning team will be Kentucky!
Didn't know there was anything pretty in tukwila .. Turns out the community center and water way is suprising oasis.
thanks Paul what are you doing now?
thanks! by the way, did my folks fill out your RenPrep survey? i sent the link out.
Reading psychic lectures by Richard Feynman. He was such an amazing teacher.
Customer service at is comparable to - AWESOME!
unwife, you should always smile, whether you book or not. Your face was made to smile.
LOL! i don't understand the question, and i refuse to answer it.
I hope this type of repair is temporary. PG&E is so enamored with "standards" I'm surprised this is allowed.
Loving the snowy day -- mostly because I'm working from home today and don't have to drive in it!
your website looks great! Did #BentleyPC create that for you? :-D
#Roseville hockey coach says he's been accused of bullying, but he is the real victim. Spoke before board tonight.
Hope to see you in #Pittsburgh soon!
Last night was funn a'f!(:
I'm the young city bandit
Movie with the boyss
practice your dance moves to Journey by chance?
Love = trying to do a little shopping for your wife.. even though you know she probably going to return everything.
Greetings, lawman of the north.
I've only seen one half but it's painfully clear. #Clippers are the best ticket in L.A.
stand up and shout "just keep swimming, just keep swimming"
RT : Knicks fans lucky this is not the best of 5 series. Yep.
Grab some swim trunks before your summer weekend get a way!
Had a nice Workout at The Y
#WeWantTheKoganVideo trend this
Please is right, no relapses of last night's 2nd half.
Relaxing with tonight.
Friday the 13th<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> going to watch some scary movies to get in the mood. I love scary things <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BB>
hahah obviously I'm on everyone's mind. Sorry I'm not sorry I have the same name
haha morning crazy!
Holiday truth.
your smell carried on into our car. It's a good thing you smell good!
come to chicago please.....! I cant go outta town for your concerts...:/ come to my graduation...? Ahah.
what have you been up to
mine too “: #Brewers face off against one of my all-time favorites, former Brewers' lefty Chris Capuano. #class”
Hi my love
^After six days Jesus took with him Peter, James and John the brother of James, and led them up a high mountain by themselves. There he...
Busy day today, lots to do tomorrow. Have a wonderful weekend everyone! Back again soon, until then be well!
you are too kind my friend...by the way, we forgot to take a pic...
hah thanks but nothing like that happened
Follow my tweets is a Awsome account related to Porn ;P
There is not a 5 year plan. There is only a relentless search for what the consumer wants next.
They say death comes in 3's
Sometimes you just gotta say, Lord, I love you for who you are!
HELP US GET TO 200! RT US IF JUSTIN HAS INSPIRED YOU AND HELP US #MAKEACHANGE AND #FINDACURE! :) Thank you guys We love you &
I like giraffes
Dont worry, do it! You know the Phillies fans would do it in Philly. And much worse.
RT : Interesting idea - New trees planted in Washington DC neighborhoods can be adopted by residents via unique QR codes...
I'm so bored. I think I'm going to sleep early. Goodnight! xx
Madonna is hilariously terrible. I've always despised her.
too funny and awesome tonight my girls..thanks for the good time:) gettin up early to work so I bid u adieu
I'm Rich Bitch hahahaha :D
no worries man! Take advantage of it while it lasts.
I wanna go to the Olympics. I haven't been to London in a while
Miranda Lambert, Carrie Underwood, and Taylor Swift... Thank you for singing my life stories :)
It's possible that I just added "shower" to my very long to-do list simply b/c I'm pretty sure I'll be able to accomplish that today. Maybe.
It's okay c: I love our friendship too!!! love you <3
I hear that. I might be able to join in over the summer - right now it's my proposal and food photography.
you & angelica <33 i ship you guyss(:
aha i would love to share but its all done ;) coolss i love soccer! im from new york but born in los angels hbu?
RT Sensitive Sally's <
that was totally my goal ;)!!
Vote for Alexa Goddard! RT Please!
could you buy tickets at the box office the day of?
If I could have one wish. It would be for my kids to be successful.
What is it that you look for when finding a new place to live?
Time travel.
You call me 3 times. I ignore it. *UNKNOWN call* "Who the f^ck you trying to fool?!"
I'm going to tweet to my iPhone dies and never charge it again.
happy hour kicking sorry bout that.
The cafe fighter is here. It's getting good
Awesome...the subway system and bus service is back up and running in the city....THAT ROCKS.
I like it. This could happen.
I appreciate u for having both of those lol
keep your prayers too . Mine don't work . What makes u think yours will . Ms.swayzey .
Syevie Wonder..."There is Superstition. Wash your face and hands."
I just keep crying. I've never felt so torn up in my life. I know he'll be okay.
Thanks to and Endicott college for inviting me to speak about and the evolving direct to consumer music market!
hate how he tells me about his day but never asks about mine..
PKs are always so nerve-racking!
she'll get out of it unfortunately!!
At #AcctCongress mark calendar Fri. sessn 99 @ 3:30 Solutions 4 Challenging Economic Times w/ execs in Reunion Ballroom Salon E
Babe, actually.
I rather be single than to second guess myself and wonder why in the Hell I'm in a relationship with you.
#FreeTebow and let him become the used car salesman he was born to be
#FF Dear , These ladies ( ) are your die hard fans and I think you should follow them.
Sorry to say this but Is Much More Funner and Cooler than you! Love Yoou Caseey!!!!
Always a pleasure seeing you!
Btw if you aren't from here but can guess what field that is down below...you get to be my peeps.
thank you :) how are you?
I haven't heard of them till now (just looked them up) but if you are passionate about their mission - doesn't hurt to visit!
Polls have closed. The results will be coming soon.
Busted car window has been replaced. However, the hole in my heart isn't. Loved you right rear, you were my favorite.
yo bro, whats your email again?
: Just stop.
If you want to know what's going on with the Lions, Tigers, or Pistons, follow
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face & then reach 4 the stars.
thank you! And no, I'm graduating this May. Perhaps I'll stop by at times to reminisce.
Big mahalo to for keeping us from a brutal food coma !
Make it count.. even at 2am
3/28/1791->T. Lear: ...another letter from Colo Cannon...I am by no means satisfied w/ his treatment of me
She speaks the truth. RT : No disrespect to Popovich, but Thibs should have been #COY. No question.
all is well and you?
Come on Even Boren
": i honestly cant wait to have lil manisha's running around" what!?? Will Alex and Logan have cousins?? :)
Should I move to San Diego? Okay. Bye.
almost! 5 feet of snow at the top made me turn around. The falls were worth it tho
You know those days where nothing is going right & you just don't feel like your usual self?? It's one of those days.
You share your opinion , don't be mad when I share mines.
good. I'm happy that he's an awesome person <3
The Broken Egg, Dick Vitale's hangout!
ok so why is BLAKE still in?
RT : Saks.com: Friends and Family Sale! 20% off select items with code FRIEND3. Some brand exclusions, see site for dtls. (Exp...
You better be drinking a lot of water, stay hydrated, girl! #toomuchcrying!
Who wants to make me a personal #imagine story??!! I would love you forever!! But I would like it to be an #imagine account(:
Thanks for registering for #UMBCsocial. We look forward to some great conversation on the 27th.
SPCA of Wake Co.'s K9-3K Dog Walk is this Sat., April 17. Please click to support our work for the animals: www.spcawake.org/goto/lisakroll
De Graaf: Social Democratic countries have found a way to mix capitalism and happiness. We had that until the 1980s.
#NowFollowing: > , he's so damn cute !
Museums have many barriers to entry, including physical barriers like highways. Thanks, Robert Moses.
Thanks for the glowing recommendation! :) Will investigate the lovely further!
I was already in Phoenix, AZ last August for a week.
CANT WAIT for more songs of urs i love ur songs and u as a person
Cry, yes, with happiness. Scream, no, it's not good for my condition. Sleep, yes, it is good for health.
Just saw in VGHS! Really awesome show, can't wait to see more!
1 more day b4 spring break. So tired I forgot how to use the computer.
#youmusthave the wrong number!
ADTR needs to come back to Portland again.
Seriously Messages why do you hate me so?! This is the WORST feature ever and I can't find how to turn it off.
I'll be coaching pee-wee football or volunteering at AAWL on Sundays.
What? Messi capita? Why am I missing this?!
I can't wait to see my mom and dad!
u still playin on ur bros account?
You kinda did but it's okay.. RT : I Hope Don't Think I Abandoned Her. . .
"Why Kate, you're not wearing a bustle....how lewd".
Bo Jackson and the NFL Combine would of been heaven.
MUSICvsGOSSIP.COM IS THE WORLD WIDE LEADER IN #GHETTOGOSPEL STOP THERE EVERYDAY TO GET THE SCOOP ON NEW ENTERTAINMENT NEWS!!!
“: Oomf is neglecting me, an I don't like it one bit!”
: you are the perfect host for #thevoice. Sweet, supportive and adorable. #team carson
Romney's Big Argument: You may dislike me, but I have a big enough delegate lead that you are stuck with me. So suck it up.
What's the schedule for today, I haven't even gone to school yet.
Eric mittelstadt, Utah legal services, best slides at ejc
Hahahah is gonna regret that phone call he made <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Unbelievably sad. MC5 mean so much to me, and Michael Davis is now gone. Off to watch a silly movie. R.I.P., Mike, and KOTJMF....
Musings: When you are ready to give up, you are prolly close. The temptation to quit will be greatest just before you suceed. Don't stop.
wow. I was expecting George to win it again but that works too. Greinke starts at MP are wins!
Been meaning to tell you how charming your logo is, !
Dress check Shoes check Hair done Nails done
The render is complete. Uploading to their YouTube acct. now.
I can't wait for John snow to loose his virginity, it's going to be so special<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I love you :>
do you work tonight
Indeed, great job by the BCFD
IT'S NOT PROG ROCK WITHOUT A FLUTE
Even if the Heat would have won people would still find an excuse why the Pacers lost. Refs, Bad Calls, Pacers Sucks, etc. Smh
Somebody tweet me!(:
Really who?!
#R.I.P to #MaryKennedy &
"Battleship" is going to be the worst movie of all time. If you decide to pay actual money to see it, I will forever think less of you.
#gslisui alum here presenting a workshop at #ala11 on Reach Out and Read and public libraries Sunday @ 4pm.
Ha! I look better now ;-) my g/f thinks so!That is all that matters. Evn better I think I am a MUCH better coach now.
Oh no! That is not good! :( Sorry you had such a long day!
Waiting for the weekend to get some extra work done. Just attended Applied Professionalism course here in Indy too with ICLEF.
All beliebers Please follow me i donate 10 cents to pencils of promise if u love and support justin Please follow me I heart him now 4ever
Just woke up, having coffee and watching some news. :)
Hahaha I knew the bitch would delete me
Got a URL for the video?
Amen sister!!
Just woke up from my nap...
I just saw your comment. I checked all the things you listed and they work fine for me.
Sudden lack of estrogen is causing pseudo-PMS mode. Cleaning, organizing... like nesting behavior (bringing a new boobie home next wk?)
Grants from the Fleck Foundation & Windhover Foundation this week. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you!!!
Big dreams turn into big things.
Met with some amazing clients today - can't wait to share their vision with the world!! Call us 410.513.9199 ...
well hopefully sleep works! Goodnight <3
Sorry, Chris Matthews, but I like Pandor more than you these days.
You have books this time! :0) Don't 4get your buttons! Those were a hit!
13.1 on Saturday in the - what should I eat Wed-Fri to prepare?
True he's from Canada.
It's official! Simon and I move permanently to Saint Louis on November 11. 11/11/11. That's gotta be a good sign.
An extra two days in the country after all, hardly know what to do with myself!
I know about 8. Want one?
El Cajon council votes to set a public hearing at 7 p.m. Nov. 8 re: proposed sewer services rate changes
Paydirt at 8-Year-Old Mars Rover's 'New Landing Site' - Jet Propulsion Laboratory
I'm at a center.
I've been waiting for this moment for so long!! I THINK I LOVE YOU.
It's straight now. Did you hear about my latest film?
We're moving our hosted clients to AWS this month. Just closed a Media Temple account after 4 great years.
one word describes it all... SMUT
damn what lol
“: lol get it NuNu... Happy Mothers day!!” she said happy mothers day child lol
Monopoly AND Settlers of Catan Tournaments at Chicago Toy and Game Fair! www.chitag.com
Your Nickelback jokes are starting to become as repetitious as the Nickelback songs...
Super Mad!!
Hospin has proved illumaniti to be real
90 day rule....
Just landed I hope NY is ready for me!!!!
We can all be mothered, nurtured and guided by women who teach love, gratitude, grace & kindness.
ur funny ma!!!!
School on a snow day -.-
wow cocky ain't it lol
Tribe and White Sox said to start the game back up at 10:35pm
Excited for a potential gig at The Birchmere...!
Well, it's been a long week. The weekend is finally here, & I plan to enjoy it. Have a good one!
You're one of my kind.
For similar reasons, so is NIMBYism. "Nationalism is an infantile sickness." - Albert Einstein
Obnoxious drunk girl across the street keeps screaming on her balcony. Part of me hopes she falls so she'll SHUT UP! (relax, its the 1st fl)
Settings - About phone - Then all the info should show up
I hope has a barfbag in his area...this offense is offensive!
Originally constructed by Ivan the Terrible, we are thus led to believe that Ivan was big on color and shape and way too literal on copy.
Andrew Weremy~ There is more learning in the question itself than the answer.
Need some AMLI swag? Stop by the office and pick up a mug, wine glasses, or bag. Free stuff = good.
Hahahah that word makes me laugh
RT WOOP fantastic baby reaction coming out in a few hours... haha just saying :)
Sounds like a perfect Sunday to me -or maybe inspiration for site/sound specific interactive gorilla theater!
"Benji: The Hunted"
I love life, but it's just a pace out of death and you're forever dying. Sounds like fun, doesn't it?
says: we need to get it done and focus on the solution. Refers to his service in the Marine Corp.
hit right in the face ...ouch
Spending hours on your hair to end up putting it in a messy bun... come on girls. We ALL have done that.
“Fashion is not frivolous. It is a part of being alive today.” ~Mary Quant
with that last tweet you have won the multi-conference tweet off
So what does everyone think of our new tunes: Iconic, Stereo, and Trouble. Any favorites? Share yours! 1,2,3... GO!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 49
Got 2 monster cookies at the today and they were hard as a rock. Usually really good. Sad face :(
Went to today too, I suppose I can give myself the title of addict.
Keep your eyes on the skies NW of the Twin Cities. Stuff blowin up
thank you (:
Exactly what I was thinking. Well, that or a lot of laundry. Either way.
My thoughts: libraries with ample IT resources can publish grey lit, archival content, data.. not ready for peer review publishing.
It looks like it just got a little easier for you homie
I just got the nicest note from someone at #SafariBooksOnline. His apology made me apologize in turn. (Can I go work for O'Reilly?)
#NeverShouldYouEver fall for someone when you know you can't be together. :(
This is sad. :(
BREWERS OPENING WEEKEND!! Stop in for some drinks before headed to the game on our complimentary SHUTTLE BUS (1 drink minimum)
for iPad is amazing. You need no other Twitter client for iPhone or iPad. Trust me.
#thatmomentwhen you press send on an important email and you know you can never get it back...and now i wait
much better.. go take a hot ass shower n sit in the steam for a bit
to the window to the wall! Til sweat drop down my b*lls!!!(;
Ty u too happy holidays
I do indeed. Feel free to email me if you need more info at .
Why is it so bright outside?
Damn eyelashes keep poking me in my eyes...Gotta go get them cut,feel like a chick now lol
Truly enjoyed discussing #edpolicy with students tonight.
okay sis but call me tomarrow i got prom tonight
Agreed! : Listening to Zahava Doering ask a question at the April Award Lunch and wishing that she was on Twitter.
Toronto moving to expand bike trails - Toronto Star
What Will the Next 40 Years of Technology Bring? [CONTEST]
ayo girl can i get a follow? :)
Thanks for sharing!
Whitney Houston’s Daughter Bobbi Kristina Rushed to the Hospital After Having a “Complete Breakdwon” -
I accepted your request on instagram
Jimmy what about "Get Out of My Dreams, Get Into My Car?" That is an instant classic...
The simple truth is that things are complex.
Sitting here working on the hardest part of the entire project: Writing a letter to a prospective sponsor for the program.(FN2S Basketball)
cousin. I'm going to gstaad to in 2 days. Maybe I can just go with you in the morning
RT : Q5 - not enough user created content; my company still nervous about "unofficial" sources
“: Wireframe annotations need to give more direction to writers. - #idea10”
Isn't that the truth.
good way to cap off the weekend. (:
Taking a break from work to look up "Slow Jam The News" I see the TL going nuts.
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen".....
ADD VALUE: Accurate forecasts and insightful intuition are priceless. How are you leveraging your insight for your clients and prospects?
What's your opinion? Will Google+ start becoming more popular after the changes rolled out by #newfacebook?
Hope to see you in a Celt's jersey bud... Looking at a damn good team with you in the lineup.
Struggling with reorganization of New World prehistory lectures.
Its too hot
Life would be a lot easier if I knew what I wanted
thanks for that Maggie..
Loving RT fest. Would like to add PS hue/saturation slider when all else fails. Usually looks ghastly, but sometimes magic.
Facebook has become a very useful tool for discovering my friends' favorite posts by George Takei.
Congratulates those who emailed us 4 tonite's Darrick May concert @ The Mid tix. Join our VIP mailing list 2 receive comp tix 2 VIP events.
People need to stop being so sad. I will bet anything that most of your "problems" don't matter.
congrats! so happy for you :)
i hope that the 2012 vidcon is held nere me
yep he is in trouble! Lol
If you add a smiley face at the end, you can get away with texting people pretty much anything.
it most certainly doesn't!!
I still want to come here with you, too! So much to try!
Hope everyone is having a great Labor day!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways protect her like a daughter. Love her like his wife. And respect her like his mother.
Happy Birthday
bring me back clam chowder!!!!!!!
goodnight twitter. <3
I seriously thought Justin was up next so I began to tweet my freak out tweet that he was on but no.. He's not IS HE EVER GONNA PERFORM OR??
id prob safe as he sounds technologically... uh, inept.
I ALREADY FOLLOW LOL, HOW U BEEN??
Hello! Have a fabulous week!
Don't push it...but I do hope you keep going!
Yeaa, that song is cool. I like that one called Monster
Hi Kamaria, Thanks for mentioning Klout. I am interesting in connecting with you. You have a great show!
You're very welcome!
happy birthday u crazy bastid! And as always #tittysprinkles! LMFAO!
What are you willing to pay for BRAKES ? We have Special $79.95 RT pls
Throughout the program,there will be planned field trips,excursions,activities,and guest lecturers from government and private institutions.
#cara student Aesha C. secured a position as a House Keeping Assistant I at University of Chicago Medical Center! 48 of 310!!
You can run, you can hide but you can't escape of my love <U+2665>
Yeah, I thought about snapping one, but felt wrong to make fun of guy. Maybe he works in Healthcare or something and is req
Had a wonderful time in ATL at my family reunion!
enjoy Ted.com videos. Then #TEDxHuntsville a local live event with presenters that share big ideas www.tedxhuntsville.com
Trying not 2 give in 2 the #caffeine addiction this afternoon. Must fight through the headache!
There are approximately 9,300 species of birds all over the globe, totaling upwards of an estimated 1 trillion! That's a LOT of birds!
I'm spending next week in Vancouver for #LAK12. Any pointers on good restaurants? cc
Family night at home. Got vetoakd on chinese food... Taking it personally
Thanx homeboy! I still gotta put my verse on our joint RT : Seen your video nigga that shit tight son. Lol.
Awesome follows! (Jim, I'm number 108 on your FB page)
We've got our April Highlights up and we're getting ready to announce a huge PPR sale on Monday. Stay tuned!
30 words from my goal and I'm stuck.
You make feeling special seem like the worst feeling in the world.. Thanks..
I got a puppy and I name it Madison!!!!!
I was just given a Shamwow.
Texting someone while your half asleep then reading your text in the morning and realizing you made no sense....
offering an insane deal. Order 2 or more medium 1 topping pizzas for only $5.00! #EATCHEAP with through Btownmenus!
I couldn’t live with myself if I ever hurt you.
Living in the home depicted in &#39;American Gothic&#39; painting
you are making me laugh so hard right now in the library hahahaha
Brewery Vivant in Grand Rapids... an absolute gem of a Belgian beer bar.
Dubstep that makes my heart GO BOOM!
To those who by persistence in doing good seek glory, honor and immortality, he will give eternal life. Romans 2:7
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO!!
Your Pinterest picture is amazing!! =)
Two people, one heartbeat
This was fun: hosting a webinar on my laptop, watching it on my #iPad (1st gen).
know any libraries or orgs using e-learning for patron training? any of them doing anything innovative with it? RT and help me find out
The point of a series is so it isn't decided by one game...ugh I hate game 7
What Highland park swimming pool RT : Only a Few Know about the
performativity is the name of a theory, but the musical hula hoop context is unbeatable :)
Ahh so many good sessions at #mimasummit 2011! I'll need more than the app to figure out what to attend. Suggestions on key people to see?
YES! Let's hear it! RT Now we work - what ACTIONS should be taken?
I want to be Jekyll-Hyde for day.
Loving this soothing flute music on the tarmac - feels like I'm at a Thai massage parlor - going to alert the Thai lady next to me
out of school!
Best wishes to all my friends running the #BostonMarathon today! Stay well-hydrated in the heat and have a great race!
Spend another week in Pennsylvania this summer? I think yes.
follow me first, then go to sleep (((: xx
Real promise with Epke, Larry. Feel good where we are. Need to get better, especially with big men
WTF, I was just sleep, and woke at the same time
#stevejobs the #davidleeroth of the computer world
That should just about close this one out, as you deserve to lose if you allow Butera to double
You're starting to sound like Jose Canseco with this shit. RT : Find me a rink and I will show
RIP Ronnie Montrose...
Sorry, that was me. RT What is the delicious spring like smell near the river #ABQ ? I love it.
One love brotha. That is all. Keep doing you and hope you finish strong. Oh also showed 's chat
Just wanted to wish my boys good luck in the Fant. Ftball Draft Today!
#Sextips While she's riding you moan a little tell her how good her VAGINA is that a make her cum a little quicker
That's so interesting -- I had no idea! I'm named after the Judaic meaning, which refers to a settlement east of Jerusalem
Scariest team in the playoffs??? The San Antonio Spurs. Who has enough defenders for all there scorers?
Textaphrenia. A disease found in teens, in which they have heard or felt a new text message vibration when there is no message..
yo homie! you bout ready for another song?
If the rest of my summer is anything like today, it's going to be amazing <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
ah, very odd. But now I have reading material for the rest of the week's commute. Thanks again. :)
I like the shirt!
Feeling much better now. Thanks gals:
In a down mood :(
Don't worry when you are not recognized, but strive to be worthy of recognition. Abraham Lincoln
Caribbean neighbor waved to me. I love that brown skinned bastard.
You painted that?! That's AWESOME! You need to paint more!!! Glad you're having fun in Chi-Town! :) xo
I bet Martin Luther King never had a sex dream like the one I just had.
Romance readers are esp fond of recommendations => b/c they are voracious readers?
#ThisChristmas give the gift of a #FF and Follow and RT
#cvcouncil Mayor Cox talks Centennial
When purchasing sunglasses, look for ones that block out 99 to 100 percent of both UV-A and UV-B radiation.
Fucking with this new soul, though. Heavy.
One week; 8-10 pages in French, 12-15 in English, 4-5 more in French, and two exams. BRING IT.
See you Friday!!! will be there, right? HA!!
Letting this night go where it needs to go.
Here with the cutest babies ever! Vance and Alex<3
guess i should #follow everyone back :")
thanks for a great and extremely memorable year. Now let's retain the belt!
ther night. Weird.
Seems like half my San Diego Twitter buds are going to the TOTEM show tonight. See you all there !
I started listening to Michael Jackson's music after his death and I actually like it, which is unusual for songs I can't relate to. :P
Every day in ever way I care less about what other people think.
Apartment shopping <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Towns banning Halloween? No!
Interesting ....Carle Rizzo from Mob wives is the grand daughter of Donni Brasco ....
I just want to go.. Everywhere.
What's your story as a singer?
And another day closer to the weekend.
Atlanta needs to amnesty Joe Johnson bitch ass!
Nope, sorry. Didn't get to make it over to the Blind Melon show unfortunately. Are you going to Everclear/Jonny Lang today?
our cleaners hoover leaves stuff that makes me sneeze!
I love Real Simple. I can't wait to get accepted with Pinterest so I can start compiling all their recipes :)
it still plays. i got a new one because my dad's friend was selling one for like fifty bucks and he can't resist a deal. duh.
- Prash, a very belated thank you for the #FF. Much appreciated
thats the truth
I DO DONT KNOW WHAT GUYS YOU KNOW
Heading to Rochester, NY for a bunch of outreach performances on Friday. Good times!
Scottsdale invades LA!
your the coolest guy ever!
For the foreseeable future :(
at home business opportunity
A betweenness centrality score walks into a bar. Bartender: "can I get you a drink?" BC: "Oh, no thanks. I just got one from your cousin."
Oh I'm "destroying" the kitchen. Uhm sorry.. someone has to feed my gram.
Sweet helmet bro...can't wait to see u in the show
Natalie Portman wins #BestActressInALeadingRole for Black Swan!
So ready for tonight... My weekend has begun!
Strategies when program begins, Fourth –“ Take quick drinks of tepid water.”
"Drummer boy...he was playing the beat to my heart " (repeat refrain) ~Nemiss
Downstairs panel: The role of IT within an organization has changed dramatically.
Last accounting class!
Thanks! Not necessarily for you, but possibly for your clients - check out the nutritional content of the program!
The key here, I think, is to not think of death as an end. But,but,think of it more as a very effective way of cutting down on your expenses
7047284808 call need to chop it up witchall about this track we want yall on for the mixtape
And the smallest one was Madeline. :) A character in our PSA too, extra Book People points for you.
So tuckered out of moving out.
i speak my mind when i feel slighted.
beautiful day in the Burgh! Sun is shinning and breeze is blowing
Nothing is funny until you see your dog stuck to a couch cushion! Lol!
how's everything going ?
If I could reprogram the World Series fn:replace("worldseries=cardinals+rangers", "cardinals", "phillies")
Thank you to all who attended the book launch for The Phonemes & I'll Drown My Book at Pierogi Gallery (NYC)!
do you do you do you do you wanna dance do you do you do you do you wanna dance.
you are amazing I love you so much I think you're the most talented person ever
Someone writes a version of this same story every year. No different than what they are saying about Jordy and Dane.
It's official I'm a cougar. It was awesome being 16 together.. Next year kid(;
Please tell our readers about yourself. Who is Jonathan Maberry?
I can't believe how sore I am... the bike from Regent Square to Lawrenceville and back used to be so easy!!! owwwwie....
Why did the Philharmonic disband? Excessive sax and violins
styling at lacrosse clinic. Problem is, Run DMC called and they want their Adidas jump suits back!
Beautiful weather. But cold.
Ron Burgundy is intrigued
idkk ; you tell me , ur suppose to b my best friend && x likers..lol
I was gonna teach that song to the youth!
To all the people who claim to know the business of IT, yet don't work in it, please come with me on the weekends and holidays that I work.
Chinese Proverb: Superior doctors prevent sickness; mediocre doctors attend to impending sickness; inferior doctors treat actual sickness.
It's supposed to. Though working for non-profits and poor folks means redefining "big bag of money."
You didn't do #TBT or did you?
Lol. I Guess I Owe Mr. Meleney Zacspys! (However You Spell It)
Follow me from memphis where u would be june 1st and ill b there to support u to the fullest
Thanks!!! I miss FARKtv. Short lived but Oh so fun. Need to do it again one day :)
I agree. I made one kick-ass julep w/ this @ a friend's house. Fresh ginger really complemented it, too!
yes, I do! Story in about 9min!
Increasing your (audible) self-talk will promote more self awareness in your child with
she can come back again :D
Well that doesn't have anything to do with anything, really. Nothing wrong with rewarding good students.
Dinner to-go from !
i mean no disrespect, but if skrillex won best new artist at the #grammys, then i probably would have quit music.
Just chill, til the next episode
Hmm less than 2 weeks til 's wedding. I suppose I should write my MOH speech. Get ready to be embarrassed sista!
I understand. I was commenting on the irony. It's clear that the GOP is desperate. Obama is very popular w/the unwashed masses.
First Sunday with no football
You are bat-shit crazy
Free #monsterenergydrank on the 8th row of the student section doesn't get much better than that!!
": Never lie to the girl of your life, for the hoe of the night."
Photographer/Photojournalist Bruce Davidson receiving Corcoran honorary degree.
i am a lucky man
If you're an independent artist with a hot video get at me or send the link to !
lol never mind. Now i understand :) well ill be there =) at least 3 shows !
Yes, yes that's what you want. Walk Mark Ellis to face Matt Kemp with the bases loaded and no outs .. in Coors Field. That was worst-case.
Brooks Conrad is beginning to remind me of Brad Nelson circa 2009. (0-21 and off the team).
I hate not being tired when I wanna take a nap
Just read through a document I typed out in Word yesterday, and found THREE occurrences of the string ':w'
Welcome to twitter! =)
Aye I was frontin on Krit, this nigga so hard.
5 championships ago. RT : When was the last time a Laker's team was able to defend pick and roll??
Tomorrow! Wash Sq Park - Yetta Kurland will speak out for animal justice! Come!
Happy Monday twitter addicts!!
Just saw Ted Mosby's wife! She has a yellow umbrella!
Hey if u go back on tv like say Mindfreak,it could increase ur twitter followers big time n ull reach a million 4 sure. ^_^
....Repercussions, Within the Fear, Once upon a Nightmare DOORS @ 2:45PM! BE HERE! | www.thecanalclub.com
The very essence of leadership is its purpose
One month till awesome youth improv classes start @ Actors Comedy Studio. RT and spread the word
stop tweeting and get focused on your school work, this is way you are failing... Do you wanna play football next year?
If you are going through hell, keep going. ~ W. Churchill”
they can come to my house and cuddle. I miss them <U+2639>
This week has been ultra-productive!! One more conference call and a networking event then... THE WEEKEND!!
Fans come up to me at every show and say that I have their "dream job." I guess they are right. If they knew the work of photo processing.
Good Morning... Happy Friday. :-)
dont act like you dont fucking do it too.
Weekend time!
Thanks for the mention!
Going out to Hear LIVE music tonight! I hope you are Too! Live Music keeps the industry alive and inspires art every night!
I meant "downfall" lol, not download
i wish I was tall haha
4 mile tempo run following with recovery smoothy of raw almond milk, maca, irish moss, banana, little coffee, raw cacao nibs and stevia :))
my words are beautiful and say that I'm the man. Lol
Few things are more infuriating than evening express buses that fail to arrive. When one waits in the cold. Grrrrr!
RT You should create a wax offer for the dudes: The Weiner special!* frank & beans special 4 the bro-zilian!
Here's who's cookin'
are they my boyfriend -___- lol
Jordan Stein: Non-Anglophone American linguistic diversity is underrepresented in print archives
-.- you don't tell me what to do
can't wait! It's gonna be a good year for the AM kids!
It'll break my heart but I'll get through. Someday when I stop loving you.
Haven't tweeted for a minute where's the
Saw The Five-Year Engagement. May be time to stop making movies like this now.
lol yes, he is a mess! Sad to even say we friends! ( Love you JD :) )
New Friday afternoon Club! Join us at our bar and on our patio for FREE Coors Light and Pizza until we tap the keg 3PM-6PM every Friday
Hahahaha is only at 5% in latest NC GOV Dem poll. Hey Bill, how about you take your "jobs plan" and skedaddle
Dang these conversations get better and better <U+E403>
that's retarded that they would kick you out of the studio..,people are ignorant!!!
I see now. American Blonde Ale.
People hate it when you’re better than them. If they ain’t hating start worrying then...
no I haven't had a chance. I will as soon as I can :)
Way to stand up!
I like pbr but hate shitting my pants
sure, I'd be happy to. It'd be great to sync up to. Next week work?
ok will send you info
it was a message..how long to we play foreign policy chicken
Thanks for the RT!
Open at 8am kids. Back on it for you. Be safe!
that's weird
Wow what a first half for the Georgia Bulldogs defense, held LSU to only 12 yards!
This was used by a kid in the 5th grade: Please excuse Shadi for shitting on the floor, he couldn't reach the toilet.
Now that's funny!! But I thought I was your long lost brother... Or maybe you just wanted me to get lost. hahaha
RT was nterviewed for tonight's WSFA News at 10 on his years working for Reagan Please tune in and RT this message. Thanks!
#thingsthatineed more clothes.
you got it dude!
what you doing at the court<U+2754>
Happy Anniversary! Enjoy your day!
has that been done? S14 engine bay is way shallower than an e90
Thank you for the follow! Have an awesome day.
Today's Drinking Special: Strawberry Mimosa while supplies last!
I should be thanking you ! No problem, anytime!
RT : #occupyPDX is not Oakland! You are not Jean Quan! Please do the right thing for your peaceful people.
You are responsible for the code you write. You have to go clean to be fast. The time spent reading code compared to writing is 10:1.
My pleasure I'm trying to figure out.
Message from Mayor Sam Adams - "From a grateful mayor, I say thanks!"
"trying to make it to heaven without going thru hell"
I have to lol. why is that weird?
Never mind. See that he uses Y in the search string. I have no opinion, of course. :).
Now everybody go to practice and shoot free throws till you drop.
#WhatILoveMost my baby girl
Thanks for the follow. Beautiful facebook page.
Ugh I still need an outfit for both nights of Greek fest
AWW HERE WE GO
Always causing trouble with
#americanidol needs to bring #reedgrimm back now!!!!!!!!
Oh, that fantastic Mr. Fox.
Up at night, laying in my bed thinking of you. I wonder if by chance you are thinking of me too. </3
#sixwordstory #librarians #dls15 DLS folks get how I think
It's a mixed bag. The scruff is scratchy. Someone said "chin pubes" the other day and I thought of you.
Mary Jane's last dance
you're welcome. just saying hi. :)
Perhaps Also Sprach Zarathustra is the answer to Ives' Unanswered Question. I'll find out tonight at the CSO.
Walking from Bar 1 to Bar 2 heard someone blasting So What'Cha Want from his car stereo.
I was too mad to post yesterday's final score. DET won 5-4 over NYY.
Hahah Curtis... I love that Kami keeps you in check. Can't be an easy job.
Thanks for the follow! How are things your way?
once again - its on!
Cant sleep/:
great articles on examiner, i subscribed yesterday. I'm the SD Populist examiner as of today! I hope you ck it out :)
If u dream and hustle hard enough..... u can reach and achieve em!!!! I'm proof of that! !!!
We'd like to welcome to twitter!!!!!
That would be great; I would love to see the reaction
#RaiseIt! The Jolly Roger and a post game beer. It is nice and dry inside right now.
Stop asking everyone for a follow. If you're really interested in live jazz go see a show and listen.
And taking off again. Thanks for nothing AZ.
HI UR AMAZINGLY FUNNY HELP ME REACH 100 FOLLOWERS PLEASE GIVE ME A SHOUT OUT?
No need for complex equations, the mathematics of obesity is quite simple: 10000 Xcals in - 0X calls out = Fat
RT - Hot reads: Dolphins shutdown Newton: Cards' Williams injured: Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton was shut out ...
Staying In My Right Mind . . . Blessed New Year!
Had a great day.
My school of liberal arts about went up in flames. Fire in the bush out front no joke.
I just wanna ride in my ride with the top down.
Find out how you can win a Food Share from Grant Family Farms!! Stop by any one of our salons beginning this Sunday!!
unions are "bringing sexy back" i likey.
well at least you got to watch them in person again. Have fun in
Oh shoot I probably don't, but I will thoroughly enjoy the time away ... and seeing birding friends of course. :-)
Working on the weekend--ugh this blows. Happy Valentines Day computer!
Y'all are making me hungry with your delicious food tweets!
ya super happy...everyone i know already watched it.
What an awesome meeting with ! Did you know they are launching on May 18th (the same day as #BBOKC!)?
Self made money
Yeah, we keep those every day. So even if we had Consortium, we'd still also have open hours. 4-8.
Awesome like pineapple. I'll check back in a week or so on scheduling.
How much are they? I'm a bit poor right now! Lol
you wanna follow me?;) ill give you a cookie. (:
thinkin how crazy it is all the ways u can communicate these days! ex:texts, work email, personal email, twitter, facebook, myspace.....lol
Electronic music sounds like car chase or sex scene music to me.
Oh awesome!! Thank you! I had a great time! :) Hahah yeah freaking out can occur. XD
Gt N My Hd Lvs Y! <3
Maybe I'll be the next YouTube sensation?
May the 4th be with you gamers! and if you are bad tomorrow you can Revenge of the 5th !!!
already keep fuckin wit me..we lookin fa models so if u interested check out da website boysdownsouth.com
it sucks being tall :(
yeah we're just great arent we?! Haha
trying to
SW and Indy are the two best movie sagas ever. Nothing else comes close.
yessir. Section 346. We do end up selling a majority of our tickets because we're in Phx. Are you interested in purchasing?
I do live in miami
still against #SOPA, while you're wondering...
Physics. Y u so stoopid
Go Hogs! WPS!!! Now THAT'S what I'm talkin' 'bout!
call me then scrub
im sorry but i just reported your twitter, tumblr and facebook :) BITCH BURN IN HELL
Yep, walked all the way to the lobby with no shoes on. What Powers of observations I have.
I need ice cream for my throat.
Give tweetcaster a try
AYYYYYY Its your favorite White boy!!!! :)
Please fight back on "Etch a Sketch" & O saying military fighting on "my behalf"!! You are missing big opportunities!!
Watching for the 4th or 5th time since I 1st saw it a year ago. As always, I am fascinated, terrified and hopeful.
when are you coming to San Francisco to play for us?
When I decide I want to do a #braidout I look down at my arms & ask the lord to give me strength lol
I would write an aubade for ya (funny 'cause it's pronounced OH-BOD).
Today's most edited classes: Region.as, Curve.as, Edge.as, Node.as
Loving working on Troilus and Cressida!
Topmost Top :
It's not as though he's a registered sex offender. He's never been hit with sexual harassment. She was a willing participant.
Chicken and Broccoli Casserole Soup with Cheddar Cheese? Yes, please! 1.855.HUNGRY2 or WeHaveYourFood.com
10 day weather forecast = me ordering electric heated mattress pad 5 days ago = me very happy tonight!
Stoked for the #Nadal v #Federer showdown in the semis! #VamosRafa!
just ordered parking pass online - can I pick up pass in person tomorrow morning?
I-O. I'm a WV transplant. We follow the Buckeyes so we don't get thrown out of town.
looks like it has been placed with good company! Thanks for posting!
Why use a map?:D
UX Happy Hour folks, you should still stop by as well (this week and next). Let us help you avoid going stir crazy.
“: about to be on the new gypsyphonic disko cd--nola phonic vol 2!!! azz everwhere remix.” Oh yes!
#Winning: At a coffee shop at the only spot next to an outlet. #Losing: It's next to a guy who is SNORING.
Does anyone know a good way to replace the 6 gallons of veer I'm not drinking each week calorically? I'm wasting away to skinny, not cool!!!
Only Bronte calls him that really. RT : Al is for a fat guy sitting on couch w/ a beer Not some Canuck with cool facial hair
OH: "I hate you, and I hate your type face!"
Naya looked beautiful like always. UGH YOU YOU GOTTA BE SO PERFECT
People who have tried HCG, 75 to 90% have had hardly any or no difficulty maintaining their new, ideal weight. YES!! www.lasvegashcg.com
will send tonight-back from spring break Mon, will ask all 60 to submit- maybe I'll journey to Iowa to say HI:)
I guess is dead. It's throwing errors on log in and slow as molasses. I just want to unsub from the emails.
Upgrading to lion os!
“: I'm listening in the car. Whew. Y'all wanna hear ????” what u got fam?
read this silently to yourself, swiftly show it to camera, read again, pause, flip it off the desk, pause awkwardly, go to dyson
Reppin pacer colors today at work.
!!! RT : I wouldn't ask to go thru my man phone smh what goes on in his phone can stay there lol
yeah, we do too... we should keep tweeting about every orphan we see. seriously. all of them.
ITS GAMEDAY!!! DOLPHINS at Noles for some midweek Baseball! Listen on 1010XL at 4pm!
Thanks man, you're a good guy.
sometimes I wonder where all this hate comes from. And the I see your face and I rememeber.
Joridel performing Live @ the 1st Hispanic Festival in Liberty City Miami, Fl on the 11th of December!!!! if ur in miami come see me!!
Finding an article by Alex Jones really undermines the credibility of a textbook.
nice picture
Thanks for the follow Katy!
Lowest fest? Chill
Thanks so much for spreading the word!
Good luck capturing my greased data.
Ok, Madonna needs to perform with Nicki Minaj and M.I.A. all the time.
that's helpful. Hopefully see you and everybody else later today
Instead of "what are you thinking?", microbloggers should ask, "So what are you REALLY thinking? Next day: "What WERE you THINKING!"
Sunday night snuggle with my favorite muggle.
Looking for a senior level Magento admin expert. Message me if you know anyone.
Early morning with my #SPURS at the #MDAWalk at Finished by 9am? Not too bad.
Just got done cleaning. :P wbu?(:
Ohh gotcha. Thurs has a lot going on now. The league starts next week too!
“: is weed from god? or tha ground? good question”
Kid wanted dinosaur books.
But you are not alone in this / And you are not alone in this
Justback from Sarah lash's beautiful wedding! Met amazing people and a seventeenth century olde school meetin house! Amazing.
pretty cool poems eh?
Wow. Exactly what have the two of you got going on? Sounds suspicious, and, knowing Jamie, I'm precisely correct.
Brand new track coming this week.
My iTunes is in a cycle of a country song, Colbie Caillat, and One Direction. I like it.
lol. Ya good times last night. Too bad they lost. It will be a fun season.
she said thank you! And tell your mom we said happy mothers day too
thats what I'm saying. She has the bow that matches the pants, that matches the purse lol
O wow I sick of dis shit
#NationalWeedDay Honestly I would never ever smoke weed or do drugs. It's your choice but seriously stop bragging about it. K thanks
#HackingEdu continues! Thanks to our sponsors at for helping us change education! Are you ready?
whats new from jstor? RT : Sitting in New Content session: Hebrew Journals, Auction Catalogs, Plant Science.
Early Start today, and a late night....I'll close my eyes when I'm dead.
pretty amazing. More video available
You need a finder's fee of at least one beer.
That was fast. Hope it's good news.
Bahahah I got blocked on twitter.. Please leave the city cause no one cares about you anymore
thanks for the feedback man glad u like it... plenty more to come
it's the same with me too..
O not be greedy in the division of things
very nice. thanks for sharing with all of us
Yes. I. Would. So now what do you have to say???
Why hello, new follower! Thanks for being a part of the journey, Elizabeth! :-)
I need to go eat
Why do I always want to buy everything I see!
we don't currently have either of these, but we do love hearing feedback and recommendations, so keep them coming!
IM GONNA FOLLOW ONE FAN RT <<<< JUST TWEET #NICKIISBACK AND WHEN IT TRENDS I WILL CHOOSE ONE PERSON!x SO GET IT TRENDING
Pessimism gets you nowhere
Why tf is she acting like this?
Went for a run on the treadmill:) #muchneeded #feelinggood (:
don't judge me.
He is listing eveything that is punishable by death. The list includes evrything the protesters have done. Some negotiation!
I agree! I liked him tho...More cap room now!
bout the same, need to get out more often
Annoying "pre-flight courtesy" call is actually a sales call, costing me mobile minutes + time.
: Good call with buying stock in ! My home away from home in every city.
Happiness does not depend on outward things, but on the way we see them. - Leo Tolstoy
that's right! I had a hunch, thus the ask.
I always take the advice of a wise-man. Now my standards are higher than cheaters & liars.
Another #indexing assignment done. 3 more to go!
I know, right? Next time!
Great Smoky Mountains and great big rain drops...
Live tweeting from Denver CDC meeting on recommending an infant meningococcal vaccine
working in PR/public affairs- call me if youre ever in the area! congrats on Dayton Daily News- seems like a great opportunity
If one more person calls me a "Libarian" I'm going to drag them into a bathroom and flush their heads until they pronounce it correctly.
My mom screamed so loud when they announced as the winner!!!
Dane County voter turnout was 21% Tuesday -- about the same as in 1997 (22%) the last time there was open primary for county executive.
lets go!!!
CANT SLEEP AFRAID OF WHAT I MIGHT HEAR TOMORROW.. BABY IS GONNA HAVE SURGERY SOMETIME SOON ILL FIND OUT TOMORROW
I try, I try.
It would be better if you just told me April fools
ill bring uniiiiiihorn, the big ones would be too big!
Irvin Scott here from Gates Foundation. Congrats on Broad nomination. Also, appreciate great HISD team in Memphis last month.
Fingers crossed for The Help...
Antwan 'Big Boi' Patton was arrested in Miami on drug charges including possession of Viagra and Ecstasy pills.
First day down, went on a walk of the old Rome last night. Tour of the colosseum today and plan to visit the Vatican city tomorrow.
Xmas Tweets: Watching Bridesmaids with my parents and eating popcorn. Every night's like a sleepover at the Gorski's.
good morning twit fam make today a good 1
awe yeah? lol
Reading #7Habits again 15 years later. Didn't realize then the difference between effective and productive or the real meaning of proactive.
Drat. You'll enjoy them. But you should finish them quickly, you don't have a lot going on, right? Jagler 2012!!!
I support Tom Barrett for governor No, I am not a Wisconsin resident. Just making a statement. 28 days until Walker is gone!
sick of the of it......im a nicki4life
Can I get a follow?
April showers brought May's waffle: rhubarb compote, pistachio and whipped cream!
Last nights event at #Mosaiccafe was great. Come out to the #homeless memorial we are hosting on Dec. 21st 5pm at
lol what u gonna do about is son
no reports but I will definitely share what I learn with the class next week!
FF = Follow Friday On Fridays, just a way to let people know who you follow, and who's worth following.
RT jayhesl #water key to prosperity everywhere: investing in #water will create 1.9 mil US jobs bit.ly/o9vRhi
Great morning at Isola Sacra :-)
Admittedly, I can pontificate with the best of em, especially about basketball and competition. ;) Love you doll!
I quit! I didn't like it haha
#Redline Flash Mob Friday Apr 6th at 530pm on corner Pratt & Light Streets close to #InnerHarbor wear red!
you lucky dog you! Maybe one day I'll get a taste of that sweet victory!
Can I violate it too? RT #BestBuy: Fmr CEO Brian Dunn violated co policy w/ relationship with female employee. Severance: $6.6M
- tired of watching the game. My Lakers ain't playing, so idc. *flips thru the channels.*
If you wanna get a shirt hmu at
FYI, Mexican Wheel of Fortune is racy.
#DearMom your world does NOT have to revolve around Glee. You can miss one episode, it'll be ok. Sincerely, your hungry teenage daughter.
...and still don't know what in the hell I'm doing. Lol
I try
You ate trending on twitter right now. I wish you the best with your new album:-) I will be looking forward to your CD
Hannah Arendt, I think.
I think the guidelines called for 5 years, so he got a little less.
And now it chills me to the bone
I pity the fool that messes with you! Lol games are never fun
Perfect weather out here today
I'll take care of you <3
YES!! JAMES JONES!!
I've ben cool ..just living life
3. Only half a donut left. Cuts the donut in half, eats a quarter and leaves a quarter.
#velvetenrabbit. Once you are Real you can't be ugly, except to people who don't understand.
I adore you!
What a moron!! RT : You still Alive? #totalmindblow RT : Duncan is still in the nba?
lucky girl
The most depressing song just came on..."no air"-jordin sparks and chris brown...think imma die this song this the waterworks going..
It's nice to see that real musicians still exist. Thanks
RT Can't believe Tiger is whiffing so badly on his 1st pub appearance. Even by his standards, this is ludicrously arrogant.
Really really hate flying southwest!
You deserve REAL love. Not uncertainty, indecision, or BS.
To honor MCA we're rocking The Beastie Boys all weekend.
your the best!
lol I work too much, that's why
My passion is to protect children from harm
The Brew Crew will win tonight if you drink PBR. Jus sayin'
I inspire her.(:
Hacked birch(: love yur
Deuces U.S. !
I also was very excited about the date yesterday!
oh how I wish that was me
LOL! Now everyone will know!
Aha at the wedding reception my 9yr old sister drank the champagne for the toast and was like "Mom? This water tastes REALLY wierd" ahaha<3
transformative! RT : "Hyperlocal" news is expected to be one of the most transformative online trends in 2012
We're so excited about the weekend being here. Great plans await!
it was pretty phenomenal! not to rub it in, but i also ate a giant waffle with fruit for lunch.
Who's going to be at #SXSW? Drop me a message and we can connect up and share the awesome things we find.
cmon tart even u know its gonna be a long season for Ur mets its all about my yankees #28x champs by the end of 2012
Hitting on girls via twitter might be the saddest thing I've ever seen. Bro. Get some self-respect.
The Infidels are rockin Sam's Burger Joint rite now, closing out Texas Music Coalition fundraiser
Check it one-two
Wonder if they had to completely change the meaning of the lyrics, too. Love it regardless!
That's probably best.
Take a ride on the downtown train/Wake up so you can get drunk again
Stretched all the way to #NewMexico...man!!
Bored out of this world let's find something to inhale lol
On set in Spasticville :)
If anyone can do it, you can. Good luck!
dont let the tumblr and twitter hate get to you. you're beautiful and a strong girl. they're all jealous :)
. Aww, thank you! I didn't realize it was up yet?
Welcome new FUEL members from , , and MGIC! Nice to have you on board.
and I rocked the wheels off tonight's Indian cooking class.
I just cast another 100 votes for who I just adore at #playboymisssocial.com! Please go & vote for this fantastic Lady today!
and while you are here, check out our booth! You can find us in the back. Care packs and more.
I had Fuckerson as a seventh rounder, don't like that move at all.
Keep it up Denver dam
And soon everyone will be!! IT'S ABOUT TIME! I can't believe it took one of them so long to start.
Hoping the beer drowns away the pain I'm in.
...mud? I didn't think that was real either
networking groups! Inside & outside of the wedding industry. ABC, SGMP (good hotel insight)
Good Morning good people!
#TheAvengers was the best movie of all time!!! Too bad it came out before spiderman & batman. Now they wont be as good! lol
It's fairly evident the Sabres have quit entirely on Ryan Miller. Ship him out.
Was going through some schedules earlier, noticied Rutgers @ Arkansas. Another BigEast/SEC game, (WestVa/LSU last year).
a game changer, indeed!
Looking for a great southern author to follow? Interested in the #warof1812? Check out ! New book released on 11/11/11!
So I hear niggas was shakin that ass to 'Cake' in the club this wknd O.O
Doors open at 7 tonight! See you all at the Holiday Gala!
"Know the 10 Signs" education program tonight, 6:30 p.m., at Frankfort Public Library #Alzheimer's
Who is it?
on my goodness goodness please post pics of Diana as she grows. So sweet!!! >^,,^<
Going to check out a new Philly venue! Gotta stay up on places to plan amazing events...
I know. Oh I noticed with some of your works but with manga in it :)
I got you don't worry. I'm traveling for a little so I'll send in a weekish. I'll tweet you when I send it
Hey Pittsburgh fellas: Visit our salon & get handsome for Valentine's Day. $5 off Men's Cuts this week with select stylists.
I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
Pete is one of the most interesting characters on
I have no problem with it, same with going to bars and movies alone. All good & sometimes preferred
Just had some for lunch!
#Pens are 9-1 all-time @ home in game 2 following a loss in Game 1.
THAT was THE Play of the Game
thx for the call. on the run today but sent you email. soon!
The links to tonights games are up on www.watchnhllive.com go and register to gain access to all the links enjoy and thanks for joining!!!
working on the bikes tomorrow, gonna get out and ride some hill country this week.
Tweet us a pic when you're done!
my wife has a thing against Sex on Sunday, is that weird? I mean C'mon, I like my sports and my recreation on Sundays! PLAY BALL!
Snoring kills...your mojo
Never let a negative outer thought penetrate your positive inner self. ~ A.D. Williams
hey Jinxx! It's my birthday! :D
Hey , says"point me to an explanation of copyright law and historic photographs?Can I freely use 100 y.o.postcards?"
Love isn't when someone comes around when things are bright and sunny #Love is when someone stays and pulls closer when things are down
Lovely dress, Betty White <3
New Year's Rockin Eve will never be the same.
Rush cornered the old, racist, misogynistic, asshole market a long time ago. Most of his listeners are immovable sycophants by now.
Halloween party this Sunday. Text me for details!
Joe Scott will be on Mile High Sports Radio with and this morning at 8:22 a.m. MT
Sorry I used the wrong hash tag on my first tweet----Does anyone know what room and building we are in for tonight's class?
I just got Rocksmith today. The game is awesome!
So Boosie is out of jail??????
What do you guys pay? I may be interested.
Me and tony on 5.y ehbody else on a hundred.no mas lol
Day 2 being a vegetarian this is fucking rough
We are in our FINAL class of the Peak Producer program. 12 wonderful weeks w/ training us on how to become a Peak Producer!
Lady Gaga, NBA Tickets onsale throughout weekends
Thanks for facilitating such an important interview, So glad you were part of history today.
LMFAO that's what you get for doing hoodrat things.
great performance from Cusack!!
Parametric eqs....again....really?
baked macaroni & cheese... with bacon.
He was one of the most inspirational computer innovators of the 21 century. Take an in-depth look at #Steve Jobs tonight on MPTV 10 at 9.
I'm the worst person to talk about your problems to cuz i'll my only response is get over it. it could be worse
Hey do you mean Willow Creek chicago downtown? But the Easter service is next Sundy right?
about to take a very long nap ..
BMC -> the Emerson, Lake and Palmer of the Classics.
Well, talking to myself while trying how to fix the computer isn't much fun...
...It's FRIDAY, FRIDAY!!! Gotta get down n party! Fun fun fun fun!
Join for another night of developing work tonight at 7:30 pm. It's only $5.00! How can you beat that!
I been walking past my brother since 6:00 and he keep pressing snooze it's now 7:23 lol he gone be late oh well I'm not so I gotta go !!!
I have uncanny sense of timing. Was thinking it was time for next in Apted's Up series so looked it up. Starts airing on ITV in UK tomorrow.
Have a friend looking for an entry level communications or PR position. Anyone have any leads?
well u know how unhip i am.
What's good tonight??? you goin to the penthouse or what?
"Former GOP Senator: Reagan Wouldn’t Identify With Today’s GOP" huffpost Let's see: Commie hunters, anti-gay, huge deficit --no, he would!!
Awesome! Same for you.
Fabulous! I've always loved their magazine better than any other writing mag. So down to earth. Anyway, how's the rest of life?
Installed #wordpress 2.9.1 last night, finally but still haven't played around with it
Having a firedrill on my bus -__- .
Dear fucking god, please let this be the left coming back to life
Pls resend link - not working, thanks!
I like this one better! (:The other one is to much used.
lucky, i have to pick my up at the box office.lol
And I have never spent 4 hours being interviewed for anything. That probably requires a lot of coffee.
Awesome look down low Evans to Wilson. If those two keep playing like this, watch out.
post show LuLz
We are counting the seconds too! RT : Only 10 days and 16 hours to !
Swisher flies out. 1 out.
...I better watch everything in my DVD queue this year--come on, Netflix!
something my body doesn't know what to do -__-
A smile is the best make-up girls can wear.
I'm going to start a network that can't share meaningless / obscure #MLB stats. "Only SS to play in World Series w 3 diff teams?" WHO CARES!
How is this penguin different from all other penguins?
Please don't let this Kut U Up reunion be half-assed...I want a new album and a new tour with Blink
LET'S TWEET ABOUT OUR FEELINGS YOU FIRST THEN I'LL SAY JUST KIDDING
lmao my god daughter
consequences of hanging out w/me!!!
who told you!!! gah i screamed at the bar when i found out everyone gave me a weird look hahah
Just got a Kindle. Feedback for Seattle Times arriving before 6:00 AM don't look good. When does it arrive for others?
lol its what ric flair would say to the groupies back in the day. "You don't have to be in florida to ride space mountain". Lmao
We'd Love to!! who should we talk to about that?
and like 5 of my friends left the room and the rest of us stayed. The guy they were calling gay said he was gonna kill (c)
Huh? R your feelings hurt over there in philly? U want a cookie?
Twitter Admits ‘Unfollow Bug’ Exists [VIDEO]
I'm bored at the airport. Play Words With Friends with me! Username: lisa.w
Whatever you can do or dream you can. Begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. BEGIN IT NOW
A cold in the summertime one week before vacation is just unacceptable.
Updating my website while watching...The Librarian - Quest For The Spear
You mentioned Digger and that is all you have to say!
#AmericanAirlines giving me the run around just to get a bag delivered from the airport in Dominican Republic
All Day Today....the Twitter Special is: a prime rib sandwich with fries for $9.95....ask your server for this deal......
do i hear spear?
like you've had to know this man was a piece of shit before you got pregnant.. you just ignored it. Personalities don't develop overnight
everyone expects me to be perfect.
Oh no, what happened?
You're welcome, Canada.
RT “Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.” — Sigmund Freud
: U.S.-based horse race wagering sites show sites can be regulated & age verified. Thank you for backing online #poker!
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well
Good After noon to all my followers<U+AC00> : )
Get a clue <U+270C>
i get paid tonight so f.ck life !
Need a last minute gift for a beer drinker? Horny Goat Variety Pack is where its at!
SUCKA MCs boy ill tell ya
Is it time to go home yet?
Just spoke to Seattle media about fighting for all our kids safety against meningitis
THAT'S ENTIRELY MY LIFE. AND I HAVEN'T HAD EITHER SINCE BEING HOME. :(
Tom Osterday led River Ridge to boys title, winning the 100 (2nd in a row), 200 (third in a row) & 400 titles & tied for 4th in high jump.
Where can I view your photos using strobes?
He is actually the worst.
Did anyone watch Jamie Oliver's food revolution? Having so much trouble trying to get healthy foods into LA schools! They won't even try!
Hey hey :)
Sounds like you had a nice weekend! Hope your week is off to a good start.
In a drop down menu if you click on the person icon on top right. Once you click lists, they are in a box on the left
I hate when someones really good at something & they mess it up with such an ugly attitude. smh, waste of talent.
Can't wait to see everybody who reserved lanes tonight at for "Strike Out Child Abuse." Thanks for the support, we sold out!
amazing you guys...one of the best performers yet!
lol in a couple months
Adam Yauch dies: remembering MCA of the Beastie Boys - Washington Post (blog)
Soon as I said it lol she's right on time!
Test. Test again. Analyze the right data. Adapt. Repeat.
Don't call one direction gay or homosexuals! They could get affended! They could be on a secret twitter account watchin everything u tweet!
“The mind is the limit. As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something. You can do it, as long as you really believe...
are you saying I should get a watch?...lol
OMG just saw the preview for #Partners on and it has in it!! So watching it next fall!!
lol yea dont b YELLIN at me<U+E418><U+E418>... Happy Friday baby!!
ugh! I had so much to do today...why did I wake up so late. bo
R.i.p Trayvon Martin
I'm ready for character dress-up day. Lol
Hudson just swung at a pitch in his eyes with ducks on the pond in a critical situations. He sucks. No heart, no game.
was ok but had better Osha experiences before. The staff was a bit too keen to clean dishes & take your plates away...
I am looking forward to catching up on my movies this holiday season. Does anyone have any suggestions?
Watching Inside Job...will reserve my final comments until I finish, but suffice it to say I'm appalled.
I'm coming after Every Designer, Every Store buyer, Every clothing line or shoe line that threatens to pull accounts from stores
My colleague didn't make it out of ORD to LAX this morning on , but is getting me there!
yeah me obvs
What are you looking forward to the most this upcoming Comic-Con SD 2012
if you were around we would invite you
I think I have proven arguing, is an art, and all I do is make masterpieces.
Of course it's a compliment. I see you check in on 4sq already, if you have an iPhone you can just link 4sq w/ :)
ALL I WNNA DO IS BEAT YO OLD UGLY ASS SO MF BAD I CAN WAITE TO U DROP THAT LOAD BITCH GET REDY CINDY..BKA...HOMLESS BITCH
Remember idyllic times with my then 8 year old daughter, cruising California coast, windows open bright summer sun blasting Brass Monkey.<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
Hello, whats up?
Game note on Dixie vs. Holmes tonight. Dixie has not beat Holmes since 3/6/2006. Watch live at 7:30 on nkysports.com
Great evening at the Hard Rock! Thank you for organizing!
Two thumbs up for #Bachelorette season premier on #WISN12! Too bad Oak Creek guy didn't make it past 1st rd.
Chris Kreider is the man!
Been there. Happy Birthday!
Aw Guys Thanks for Following me Thanks you so much
please follow me! I need that support.. Just to know that never say never is working.. That i can follow my dream! Please! <U+2665>
NEW POLLS available to take on Mojo's World homepage! Go vote on who you think will WIN the superbowl OR vote for your favorite 50's sitcom!
The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart. Josiah G. Holland
Maybe I'll go back to school, full time at night so I can dorm and live in the city. I'll trade some classes for a rent free room. Hm
We think so too! Hope this week is less hectic.
UK, shmookay. All us American country girls in the south have fingers crossed for some dates....
“: Vicki Guerrero reminds me a lot of Sensational Sherri #SurvivorSeries”. That's huge
retweet my last tweet
After an incredible week, there's nothing left but kickoff.. Go Ravens!!
The OG party photographer! Wheres all the light streaks though?
because i don't know how people/teenagers work yet and that's a fairly important life skill for helping adolescents w/ life
I'll be at Articulate creating e-learning tools for the web, awesome company and great team!
I've declared that I will fight anyone who objects to the hall and oats I'm rockin the jukebox w/ right now
Love when I realize someone has been listening to me talk to myself.
TORNADO WARNING. Is this #rapture!?
Thanks, Janelle! Looking forward to your #CampusChat tweets tonight!
I'm tired of people over reacting about stupid shit...it just puts me in a Debbie downer kinda mood -__-
Turning the ball over. The veteran team. Honestly one of the dumbest thing they've been doing in the playoffs. If they want to win, stop.
i like that!
I've watched it 2686 times.
Are you heading to ? That would be a good starting point for a DFW #3Dprinting community. Or ping wrt DFW sales
“: Final day for the #keywestsongfest. , , and more close it out. See everyone next year” great time!Thx
Honey, don't complain about people taking too many pictures of themselves on their phone, when you're no different.
Pls 4low me n shoot me ur Email 2 get mo info on FRESH OUT da Feature Film 2 STAR n Mo Other Known Talent.
Gaslamp rental now available for Christmas holiday and/or New Years!
This game is good
totally. Super annoying.
Toshman Powel on the recording stage with Carlton Wicox LIVE.
wish i had someone i could actually trust
Whew! RT : Right on! Salt Lake City qualified their ballot initiative, with just 101 signatures to spare!
Buy jewelry. Lots of jewelry. (P.S. you get used to the same clothes thing, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss variety)
meets the unique needs of women and their children, ending the generational cycle of substance abuse.
One shot of tequila damn.. That hurt
so feel you on that.
was Favre fined 10K for each inch?
Listening to my mom's old music recordings calms me...it also makes me miss her! :'-(
I have NO idea how I didn't get cut
"Unlike speaking to people, talking to animals also reduced stress and blood pressure." -- Julie Walsh, Unleashed Fury
Going to see #TheVow tonight with. ....Party later.
Ok my phone is not working right.....off to sprint.....not sure when I will be back on..Ha that was short lived!
feel better (:
Pleasant Words are a honeycomb, sweet to the soul and healing to the bones. Proverbs 16:24
I think imma put them diamonds on my neck 2day!
Brb cause bbl is after 10 minutes
Why do I always watch movies I own whenever they're on TV?
I already miss waking up at 6 A.M. on a Saturday morning for an all day tournament with my team
I'm spreading the word. plans to eat #MexicanStreetFood Saturday morning before the #hockey game !
RT : Wow! That is beautiful work , well played.
30 min slot for 10+ draw or 60 min for 20+ draw? :)
And of course make sure to #FF The Always Epic
Is the hawes vs noah draft debate settled yet among bulls fans?
I'm sure that is going to Austin's concert in LA (:
I just recalculated what I need on tomorrows exam and found out I actually need an 80%, NOT a 55%
yes, calling the 800-266-2278 number is best way to order
Forgot to mention that I held elbow plank for 1:12 between my Abs and Upper body workouts. Ok, 'night all!
you not trying to watch Cats instead? I'm disappointed.
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <33
Interesting information regarding vitamin D in USATODAY, did not update when previously prompted
That's a good way to start break, Hoosier hysteria was a good time with everyone!
Birth control recall? "Oh shit!" ~Women everywhere
The niggas these days, tf breed they come from!
No video today, very busy right now. Might put a Minecraft video on my 2nd channel!
Closing is not just at end of the sales cycle, it happens organically as you establish expectations along the way; be strong on every step
I hate that im spending my Saturday night in a hospital. At least I have to take care of me. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
You gonna bring me lunch to this noon-1pm meeting someone scheduled me in (and didn't provide lunch)?
when u get chance ck dm. :)
A great way to spend your evening! Cav's Marching Band Open Rehearsal at 5pm
oh I always miss u handsome
Anyone can be nice to your face, but it takes a true friend to be nice behind your back.
Did you any feedback on Carbonite?
me up after i took out my dreds. if ya hair is already damaged, leave the heat to a minimum
130,000 low income women in Texas no longer have healthcare. Thanks a lot Rick! Just we need more children living in poverty.
Adele... You never disappoint, except for canceling all of your tour... For a second time! :c
yes we should! hope you are well! send me a DM.
rip isaac. /: damn.
oh, try on a different laptop or computer then.
Philly living... Slashed tires, chemicals on ur car, sugar in gas tank and somethin' in ur tailpipe. Lol
I'll love you forever I promise, but to me forever aint that long so baby dont go
I absolutely hate Captcha. It makes me feel like I am taking a test. And I always fail, at least three times.
Agreed, expanded marketing push as well RT : A4 guessing we will see much wider range of products from both Nike and NewEra
Congrats ! You've won the Symmetry Live package. See you tomorrow night!
We have one life; it soon will be past; what we do for God is all that will last. -Muhammad Ali
Attending the MRS Fall Meeting in Boston? Be sure to stop by the Cambridge booth!
If anyone wants their prom pictures in the watterson yearbook, I have the page. So send them to !
thanks for the love and support
I'm not envolved so too much
Happy Valetines Day everyone. Be Blessed.
dichotomy has a muscle/that never relaxes
If true, his career could and should be done! “: Mintz claims impersonated him to get access to his GMail acct
shouts to my, Fans supporters, Hip Hop heads, Israelite Ahk / Ahkote that support my music...I Definitely got keep feeding you that Real!!!
RT : You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour. Jim Rohn
not pretending at all! i was just shocked and amused.
I'm pretty sure these chicks are just driving around Rice blasting music w/ windows down.
I think I know where the Legion of Doom's HQ would be,
#slaname most corp places I'v e seen know libraries contain emerging tech for research
Welcome new fans! Feel free to ask questions. Not enough dialogue here. Inquire within.
thank you for being you! we love you!
Headed for Florida! Anybody know of any good bands playin' or attractions in between we would enjoy tonight!?
You're welcome.
I'm there!! I am coming to the game late, but I'll try to come by after! Go cats!!
Folks debate the merits of state exams but I think we can agree it's nice have the option to attend school over break
Happy Birthday <3 .
ThreeHeadsBrewing.com is live but still has work being done. Mobile access will be fixed this weekend. Rawk!
it was like $120 for shitty seats
Love is so confusing - you tell a girl she looks great and what's the first thing you do? Turn out the lights! ~ Robert Orben
yes my sister and my best friend and I have gone on them and they're awesome!!
Red means stop. Asshole.
is anyone really going to stop eating beef to solve global warming? I think not!
#AOTS LIVE FEED
tried signing up on your site but it keeps coming up with errors
Thanks! This is much better than watching it through sen's stream haha
If you write both, does your non-fiction writing feed your fiction? Serious question. and everyone else.
If you drive in reverse, it should take the miles off the car.
Well, it all started with the great vowel shift back in.....wait...darn 140 characters...
were u with those group of people when blake hopped out the car and started dancing haha
Hate that! Then ya end up taking the battery out......smart, I know!
Matt Barnes is weak!!! I've been saying this for years.
How was your flight? <AB
I hate when people respond to my texts. I would much rather be ignored than get a response
I followed them and RT'ed!
nothing says fun like #pork stuffed pork! Thanks FD!
Hey friend crystal blew that song away dont ya think?
#ThatOnePersonWho who`s breath is ALWAYS not fresh
love the dresses
you just want to see 25 more dunks from Kentucky tonight...
Having some bittersweet feelings this evening. Glad to have some time to rest. But will miss being Becky & the cast & crew.
I bet he has more costumes than Bridget. Are you in costume and waiting for the kidlings to arrive?
we're releasing Robert King's doc in Feb, he suggested you'd be interested in helping promote! msg me your email if so
Security has been notified. RT Just visited I hope the interns don't take his Yovani Gallardo bobblehead!
RT : OMG MY DUMB ASS PHONE NOT FUCKING CHARGING!!
all of the mobile sites on my phone have started updating and i feel like a cave man trying to get used to them.
Now I know, but let's be glad I didn't bring two pints of disaster juice for him to guzzle.
RT : Stay positive...except with your STD test results, you want to be negative with that.
".. people like to get together, in person" - Monica Smith #dcswa prof dev day
Go crazy with the cheese wiz!
Makeup done! Now just enjoying the show from behind the scene, Look for us at 9:45 on ABC 15!
: captcha is the scrambled letter diagram you have to type to prove you are a real person, not computer-generated.
If you have to ask your fans to do anything, you have no fans.
..."Lugar drummed out"... We just feel he way too old, hasn't lived here, and completely out of touch with us Hoosiers.
I Know ! Well I'm Gonna Paint My Nails Now (<:
#YouKnowItsRealWhen before u came there was many... Now there is only 1..
throw stuff at him.
OH YEAH! Lovin' this forecast today!!!
- now I recognize it and no, not at the moment but you have me thinking now.
Yay, Earth Day Festival! I celebrated by stepping in poison oak. LAST party I ever go to for you, Earth. Not funny. You're on your own now.
From CMR ~ CalSTRS 2012-13 results: Chair = Dana Dillon (Teacheer in Weed, CA) & Vice Chair = Harry Keiley (Santa Monica HS Teacher)
Great crowd tonight at The Stillhouse in Lebanon. Stop by and hang out I'll play you a tune-BH
congratulationS to the winner of AGT, Landau.
Sure, that's when I go to the bathroom RT : Are you guys alright with a Madonna halftime show at the Super Bowl?
I have to pick my parents up from the bus stop in Rosslyn but other than that I'm free (yes this excuse is true)
only if you trade me for some you know what
Lol, yeah I know right .... but wsup, how you been?
. Who's buying? He'll prolly charge a round on my tab, say he left his wallet at Tim Geithner's pad, and stick me with the bill...
haa, its 'cause I'm the only one who can play the bongo drums like that c; they can't compare!
let's start a band! you can be my groupie ;-)
I am not a dead beat mom, I am not a dead beat mom, I will gain control of my schedule again...really I will....
Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss! Celebrate Read Across America Day by reading your favorite Dr. Seuss book!
i'm right next door to you! i love eataly!!!
Kotsay brings the thunder
omg no way did u txt him or he txt u
hmm hmm(in my Kevin hart voice) yeah I got the message hmm hmm(in my Kevin hart voice). You get my text???
yea it's ours. we were only out for an hour. We thought about calling, but it was over quickly with no damage. Thanks though!
great webinar, thanks for the information have a GREAT YEAR : )
hahah yea oh well thats funny as hell hahah
it's true...I don't.
From RED MIST by Cornwell: "The huge ugly birds ... lift off in slow, heavy flaps as I swerve around the stiff pelt of a raccoon ..."
Nothing like a little bacon grease fire in the oven to get the heart running in the morning.
.we have no control over broken planes being fixed, or lightning storms, or the fact the YOU are late for your flight.....GROW Up
thank you for coming in!
According to the radar we're in a but if a snow hole. Pretty sure that's the technical term.
Got the homie Sonny Gunnz address finna write him a letter see what's good wit him
When your crush has no clue who you are...
I'm that woman that every man wants, and not that bitch that every man has had!
where are they playing at?
So great to have such an awesome crop of artists submitting designs for BucketFeet but it is hard to have to tell people they didn't make it
#NowFollowing this beauty :)
Everyone else in the room can see itt.
play by plays aren't necessary sir !
Make sure to come by and see us at the ComicCon in Albuquerque this weekend!
Lol Al just redeemed himself with that one
: Found great collection of Cornell Woolrich stories Best film adaptation of Woolrich?
#givebackDetroit Thanks to for donating $3 to the #bedandbread club for every tweet that contains #bedandbread!
Oh this is an ongoing project. The first ep. won't be till June. There will always be an opertunity to be a guest!
The best way to save money is to ____________.
Just got my green braces.
Bummed I missed #smsportschat last night. Looks like it was lively once again. And a visit from ? ... tremendous.
Don't tweet and drive. Dangerous!
I feel like I just said good night to you all
AWARD-WINNING SURVIVOR NOW ON YOUR TWITTER MACHINES FOR INVESTIGATIONS & JOURNALISMS
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?14
Not being told the whole truth
Did you know: Professional dancers have used #Pilates for decades. Top athletes use it for strength, flexibility and injury prevention.
good idea!
OMG are awesome. I stalk their blog. STALK. Please say you knew them before tonight?
If you don't eat all of your Easter candy the Bunny will not visit you next year FACT
U still wanna talk blow man, soft white like alaska call it snowman
That's fantastic! Love that he autographs a chefs knife (re: Bourdain)
"Take control of your destiny" -
the sky. Whats down? <Be.YOU.tiful>
Preparing to cater a event in #DC tomorrow night. Congrats on the new look!
I Never Knew True Love Because True Love Is Never Promised.
Someone will always judge you.
Watching house of carters on my ipod! :)
Waiting patiently
"Simplicity is an advanced course." - Sri Chinmoy
What's yours?? RT What is your fav. scary movie?
I missed austream :( but i'll watch it on youtube ;) its only 12 min i see. Austin is busy & its cute he have at all 12 min time for us <3
Getting hungry for sweet & savory muffins that cooked up #smbmad. UR support going straight to everyones tummy.
I'm swear imma be on that insanity
uh gears
but i agree needs of pw have been neglected
": yea that's what it is, asspain. it's not facts or anything, just asspain. you caught me."keep feeding me delicious Philly tears.
Give Siamese Basil in E'nitas a try. Not mind-blowing, but solidly good.
EVERYONE FREE inside Club Empire Tonight! & in the building!!! - Whut up?!?!
Just had my last organizer meeting. Simultaneously feel sad & free. Wait, I'm still organizing ? Ugh nevermind.
I cant wait to see you fight again! I hope its soon!
Sleepy time
He was quality at Leeds defo, and had his moments at united, awful injury tho
Apologies for random retweets. Phone went crazy on me
Hey Kentucky, quit showboating!
Just bought wine and the dude asked how old I was.. I paused to think then said 23... Wait 24.. Oh shit I just turned 25!! Yeaa......
NOT MORE DEN ME BACK UP.
- what can the Grizzlies do to move up the West standings while we wait for Z-Bo to return?
We're canvassing the South Side TODAY at 5:30 pm for the Improvement District! Meet us at to join us! See you there!
“: What's worse than 1 terrible extension for the #Reds?... 2 terrible extensions.”
“: I realized your laugh is the best sound I have ever heard.” and I may never get to hear it for me again... <3
thats what i was saying lo
and um..... Happy NY Bday!! Dude that rocks.
i hate wanting to know something and then instantly wishing you could take it back...:P
So sorry! Next week - popcorn in Farragut to make up for missed lunches in Washington this week.
So how did your flash mob thingy go? I was traveling :( and couldn't hang out or help :( Hope it was a success!
goodnight boys!! much love!! xx
lol I remember that, your nasty. But you need to pick upper that phone
I love all these sites that have basically just copied Pinterest and are getting funded. Trippy, Fancy, Gentlemint, etc. Investors WTF?
Meatloaf and baked potato in the oven and and coke in the glass.
it's okay Gordon doesn't have twitter <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B2>
that was a beautiful goal
Tiger is Back...)
Actually understand my math homework..... O__0
Barely survived...just barely.
You'll have to wait and see! It'll be a cold shoot here. Looking forward to getting back to AZ.
Yes, the rumors are true! #Feastpdx tickets go on sale Tuesday after #ORFoodAssault (as well as a few other surprises...)
Feel good outside
I need you to tune to abc. This pharmacist putting folks business on the streets.
kalvin! where the hell the jordans you be looking for at!?
#TheThingIHateTheMost hairy butt crack invading your eyeballs #Yuck Say no to low cut jeans if you have a forest back there!
I like “they.” I find the awkwardness of the singular/plural handwaving less onerous than that of explaining a whole new word.
Yesterday we were interrupted by fire drill shooting in NYC Today was real fire alarm at Franklin Institute Science Museum in Philadelphia
My mom - Brittany, are you ready? - yeah almost ready! (sitting down using the ipad) :)
gonna be listening to radio 1 all day
Oh, many a pint will be had, believe in that. ;)
PWA email is running again! Apologies to anyone who couldn't get through.
There is nothing like a good hand rolled cigar! Mellows you right out!
keep practicing. They WILL get better...
The only final I was stressing.. i think I did good on.. thank god.
So let me drive in your heart and swim around in your soul
If I was pigeon and you turned me into a hat.. id shit all over you!
This guy takes forever to get to my house and he lives less than a mile away
You are hip to the groove.
O Emmanuel, our King and Lawgiver, Hope and Savior of all nations; come and save us, O Lord our God.
5 assignments + trips in next 3 weeks
Anything I can do for you to keep it groovin'Thanks for all your investment into Somaphony.
A girl asked me today if I was a broadway actor I sadly responded no. She responded "well one day, you look like a actor." made my day girl!
I love you nicki minaja. Your new album is f**king AWESOME <3<3<3 :-)
I guess you mad at me o well
The last two days I've tried NOT crossing my legs (b/c I'm told it's "weird" that I always do) This is fucking hard.
how is miles NOT around...that's the question i want to know
We ain't fuck in yo bedroom, I told her thats too disrespectful
can you please help? Currently in UK. Need to change return ticket - just spent past half hour on hold to no avail.
I love the chiefs!! Next year is going to be awesome!
should tweet me just cause I love him so much!
Sometimes, I imagine that the draft is a lot like bid-matching.
Seriously, the chicken lettuce wraps at PF Chang's are 'da bomb.' They deserve a whole blog for how delectable they are.
Sinbad cracking jokes, so funny
Just took a style cue from u...see my tweet right before this one.
I don't think I could date a woman that cuss more than I do
Patiently moving through the storm trying to push all obstacles out my way...today I move at least one.
coming home today
owns InspireMedia and they have web form building capabilities. If you still need one, I suggest you two connect.
Ik I was like damn!
Edit is freaking bonkerz tonight!
Depends on the person..
That looks pretty awesome
did you just say 'tweeps'?
Big Birthday shout out to the Baller of Ballers #gridiron slayer
Sundays have become inbox cleanup day. Woo!
But to answer your question, there are a lot of PIOs who get out of the way and let me talk to officials.
have you seen battle royale?
u and me both... 24 hour fitness and me are currently besties...lol
Congrats, you did win!!! It's a great surprise prize too!
We'll keep you posted on a premiere because LA is less humid than Chicago in the summer. :)
You are now my favorite coworker. Don't tell the others.
awww thanks RT : Energy fans, make sure you follow , great local company.
Follow y'all. 2nd best in the business
w/ college art hstry class, sitting in dark room installation intermittently lit by glowing orbs.
None yet, but will def let you know ahead of time. Hopefully this summer.
Good Night #Twitter off,
love Alexandria, started my day by biking to work on the Mt Vernon trail. Now coffee!
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
tell me about it. Per his request, i'm searching for lyre music by THE Orpheus for his iPod. Nick Cave's version didn't cut it.
That's wat I like to hear!
no matter what team you like, going to a playoff game is amazing.
Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!!
What I would do for a cigarette right now
Not answerable at all. Under the Charter, she is a separately elected city officer, like the City Council President.
In N Out is over rated
RT : Tonight is sponsored by , follow them, give them so love. We have a great item to giveaway after.
not yet well yeah in september lol
girl! I am so proud of you. Look at you modeling #oscardelarenta!! Rock that runway!!
Cold day in hell
Thanks for the RT and glad you enjoyed the resources!
Yes they should have.
Save a bundle & bundle your t-shirts & CD package together!
- I can't like a gator but I have to say "he just wins". After the season you had at UF, I guess this is all you got.
has been trying to win VIP tickets for this Saturday. Can you hook her up??
Im up writing a paper, so the juices are flowing!
i just finished 2 hours of cleaning w/ . I love a clean house; I hate the time wasted on making it so.
thanks, buddy!
Off site meetings are becoming more popular at trade shows. Brands are hosting mini-exhibits in suites to further hold attendees’ interest.
good point. Hahaha
lol, Lay off those icees Frank & i know you been lacin it :)
I hate stepping foot into a bank, it always takes so much valuable time away from me.
I'm going to go enjoy the country side of Mississippi and get the F outta Memphis for a day and away from people here getting on my nerves!?
It's my birthday too - HOO HOO you're ripping me off - Happy B-Day + can I get a little b-day love from my fav radio host?
Did you hear about the guy who had his whole right side blown off? Yeah, there is not much that is left of him.
so I just realized that "teach" and "cheat" are #anagrams!!
man most girls these days act like thugs. Since when did we change roles ?
#hotforteacher is missing you. I'm actually not in sweatpants for once.
When you're down, and troubled, and slightly dyslexic with shades of megalomania
We don't care about keeping a balance between followers and following. We follow back everyone.
Working a trade show in Phoenix.
NEW GIRLS DRESSES in TODAY!!!
Happy Friday! We are open 'till midnight tonight, so come on down and enjoy yourself, you deserve it!
Be a source of strength. Don't worry about the carrying part, but take full responsibility for the praying part!
We're on the city view side at Rooftop 866 for the after party. Join us!
hello. i love you.<U+2764>
and says bitch why to much
there are fake eyelashes but who's ever heard of fake fingernails? oh.
Idc what anybody says im a big fan of the fluffy man gabriel iglesias
thanks for following. Looking forward to your tweets
we will get him a pic tomorrow for sure!
No way Tannehill is there at 10 for #Bills, but if he was- perfect fit. Could sit and learn for a year or 2. Perfect for Gailey's offense.
Can you provide the exact location/addresses where the street lights are out so we can report to the Streets Department?
I don't really give a fuck and my excuse is that I'm young
that's terrifying! Totally reminds me of the haunting in CON. That film = so scary.
I really want a some fruit
Did it sound like "pchewew"
you got crossed eyed or sum shit
Cops are going crazy in Norman tonight I've seen way too many people pulled over.
netflix really needs to upgrade its online selection!
Last year HOB #Boston show, 's vocals on "Intro" were crazy low in the mix. :(
No computer wifi and no instrument to play means I'm pissed. Should've known this would happen. Also, this bed sucks.
I LOVE my followers <333 :)) I follow everyone back ! ^.^
thanks, sweetie. I could never forget you and never will. Maybe someday we can meet and get to know each other better.
I would be more then happy to give you the first exclusive interview with the First Fish of the United States..
Wearing shorts today!!!!!(: Sexual Wednesday!
section 215 row P
Give 'em hell Jenna, I have union meeting in 15 min, will be there when meeting over...Solidarity!!!
how do you define success?
Two of my teams play tonight at 7 PM EST. #Bulls & #Pens. What's everyone else watching tonight?
I have so much happiness and joy in my life that because of a few select idiots I can't even share. Bullying as adults? Why?
#br1tat0r let's have an #eek kind of night :D
Have a day kid
Anti Kobe fans
Georgia bans most abortions after 20 weeks pregnancy
what is that your talk to the hand sign?
You're a hobbit. Go away
Totally annoying. It's like a semi-smokers voice. It's the worst when she laughs (cackles)
Pwning my iphone!
My sister's in 5/25. My other sister, rest her soul, was 5/5. So mom had three girls in May with dates divisible by 5. :)
Pre-exam poops are great for many reasons, but I also like to think they symbolize that I am going to shit all over the test.
When you are trying to lose weight you will often need a support system. It helps when your friends/family support you when losing weight
ok, does 'sweet cheeks' do the job?
Thank You, To All Of My 400 Followers!! You Guys Rock :D
By the way...I'm eating a cinnamon roll while writing my last status.
Wishing I hadn't had coffee at 9 p.m.
If any food is labeled "100%" something, then it is 100% not going into my body.
Today I talked to a girl who told she was bullied so bad she had to be home schooled nobody deserves that
I understand you don't respect the way I live my life, but don't disrespect it.
I'm Rolling Up
i love our new pantry! its my most visited room in the house now! :D
I wish i could pitch every game
Through it all, I haven't stopped fighting!
When will the show from Dayton be out on DVD?
Who wants to hang out tonight?
friends let friends dine ! : Dined at #DoHwa and thought of and his passionate love for this establishment.
The Hunger Games
I have slots open for TV commercials airing in MD, do you have one? Would love to feature your company asap! Msg me back!
Decide for yourself what makes you truly happy and then organize your life around it.
Another incredible show.
Info Sessions taking place about Summer Opportunities - don't miss out on this chance to learn about internships! via
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain - and most fools do. — Dale Carnegie
MT: You're most welcome! Be sure to also follow #earthdayconf - lots of attendees posting their thoughts.
love it! Mine is a 2011 328xi.
Humble Pie
can i now say, i told you so!? :P
Who thinks this series goes to a Game 6?
“: Hey have you tried the green smoothie that is talking about??? I'm hesitating!!! Ha!” Not yet!!
I just saw 's email and thought of your sweet shades. the list is made of win.
for the record, I did see a full seersucker suit at lunch, so I'm still at a good rate of seersucker/day, in case anyone is concerned....
Be the very BEST you can be TODAY and let that be ENOUGH.
Weeding update: Tackled fairy tales in 398.2 today. Looks so much better after thinning out old, out-of-date titles. Almost done!
That's how it should be. Cutch with single, then Pedro drives him in with gap shot.
I agree this is a shower cap for your trash can - garbage idea.
I'm watching it on Netflix..
100k a verse, thoughts on that?
U may kno her as "Ariana Grande" and "Cat Valentine". But I know her as "Ariana Grande-Butera" and "Cat Hannah Valentine" <U+2665><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
our number are growing and we want to thank those who been sticking w us through this yr so far.PLUR
Nice! I'm still looking for a good Austin pizza place.
Great mtg this morning with , & LetsMoveAustin. Transformative collaborations at work!
u got something in ur puss gawd?
u singing for one ceremony or a bigger event? So cool!
Here we go! Hart hit streak up to 14? After that hr.
STONE TEMLE PILOTS CONFIRM THE HOOKS TO JOIN THEM AUG 20TH FOR FORT MASON BONE BASH BAR-B-QUE!!
Might leave work early to start the painful process of updating my iPhone to iOS 5. Then repeating the painful process with my iPad.
Back home from #mobile2011 and packing for #AERA2011. New Orleans, here I come!
you are quite the matchmaker Hannah!
You can tell the shit he do is really fake
yes I mis-spoke. Lectures can be great learning experiences for many. #Brokenmethod helped me see what works about it
Saw killer today! Got to meet with & missed u &
Fixing American Schools: Finland- Teaching-an autonomous profession. Low turnover
“: Currently eating a vegan BLT from ...” how is it!?
Ha! Love it. Lookin' for ya in 2012. Hoping for a big one for you
Gradually you will realize that you are worthy of respect from yourself. John O'Donohue
We'd love to! Our sales rock star, Pat, is working on a quote for you right now. Should our people call your people?
Oh gosh. I feared as I misread that as "today's only Wedneday" and had a mild longest week ever panic flutter.
My apologies to all who received the IQ Test DM. Hopefully the situation has been rectified.
April Fools! I guess the joke is on us.
Hey my Yeti has never been recognized by any Mac I plug it into and is basically an expensive paperweight. Any help?
Don't forget to register for this Saturday's MINI Test Drive Takedown!
Wrapping the last hour of teaching 5 days of certifying people in the skill set of being a success coach.
Why would someone pay for news they could get for free?
#ICA reception is in full swing. Guests are arriving
Yea I got on my green...BOSS GREEN!!! Happy St Pattys day everybody!!
but then again I'm against any public money for sports stadiums.
Rock on, DC Rock and Roll runners!
HCM is excited about what this means for patients MT<U+200F> Year 1 - #NCATS provides $20M for researchers to reevaluate existing molecules
Happy Tuesday!
You want to see cliche? Watch
non virgin pinacolatas<333 i so spelt that wrong!
What inspirers you the most out of these, life , love , family?!
working on gonna have some heat for #Freedom=Genius
Bout to break open a fresh batch of glow-in-the-dark lotion. :D It is amazing how much of that shit we use.We love it so much.Lots of fun
Omg going to that 13th floor haunted house downtown!! I'm so fuckin scared!! No joke ... Nightmares for the next week or two!!! ):
tomorrow is mothers day here.. I'm already looking forward to it ;) I don't have any plans for today yet ;)
really disappointing flower delivery for mother's day. Crushed leaves, wilted. Very pathetic. Not mother's day worthy.
Kim McConnell NNJ-ASTD President is kicking off describing how session links to ASTD Competency Model
you are a COMPLETE follower!
thanks G!!
lol thank you though!! :))
Why. WHY haven't you taken me, with bottles of wine, up there?
Thanks David! I really appreciate your support.
Hav u seen this year's Fantasticamania?
thank you!
Boxing class at 6am today and I'm ALREADY sore from it!! Yikes!
Great turn out for the panel with and Geoff Livingston
Thanks for the follow.
A month ago Chicago had a week n the 80s that same weekend i flew n the news reported 40 shot 9 murdered n two days.... weather a muphuka
watching inaug reruns. I missed it live
Not for my hair D: RT : I hope it rains all day. That would be perf<3
Not into it today hopefully tomorrow will be better
Sold! The TV I have now doesn't have a built-in AM-FM radio or phonograph.
See Maps Of The Dreaded Degentrification Spreading Across America via
IPhone about to be announced, hurry so i can start my day.
When My Foot Is Completely Healed And I'm Done With My Therapy, The First Thing I'm Doing Is Working Out!
I just wrote functional requirements as funtional requirements
To all the naturally fit people, WHY ARE YOU RUNNING?!?!? You're making me look bad.
Thanks for support. Should have brought the bubbles to the game!
RT : Everytime I see a guy in a suit carrying a guitar case, I see a caged animal.
Aight... & Ima See If He Just Wana Start The Process 2marrow!! I mean Its Not A Big Difference Between Thursday And friday.
lol I heard you are nd you hard the mini gun so you a thug bol
I really don't have much to Tweet about...
":I need someone who is DTF.Dedicated.Trustworthy& Faithful" you always say this! Only you mean......
Welcome back where you at big bro?
This past weekend's snow is a reminder winter weather is on the way. Call #JaklitschLaw immediately if you're involved in a car accident.
#ItHurtsWhen you see the person you love, loving someone else.
way to rock out with the late '90s! Now you speak my language.
I'm not going to chase after you.
oh, you know, they were always playing classical music, serving caviar and champagne, while keeping the Irish down in basement
waiting for food as usual in west memphis arkansas !!!!
Opportunities don't just come to you... you gotta get up and chase it!
S'okay. Matt and I staked out an area too and didn't want to move too much. :)
That new cut fina put him in a whole new lane..With the big leagues
Damn. A party's title "Hot Buttery Biscuits" just got me hungry. I can almost taste it except I'm in bed.
RT : RT : Will you walk with us on Oct 2 to raise awareness of critical gaps in education, income and health for...
People don't need more drugs; they need to understand disease prevention and the importance of exercise and a healthy balanced diet.
took one for the team
Boise's Best Apple Smoked and Hand Sliced Bacon! #amazingbbq Have you tried Smokin Good BBQ yet? Get some in your freezer today 649-4139
good morning #packernation!
and what kind of self-esteem does the person who is impressed by that have? questionable at best
my doctor sucks. I'm sick and I've had to call 4 times to even see if test results came back.
Like chngng rules n middle of game & saying players suck b/c they don't score as many points.Pls don't use ur voice 2 bash tchrs
Can we do this? Can we just start calling O'Reilly "The Captain"? As in, The Captain did it AGAIN
It's just like magic. When you live by yourself, all of your annoying habits are gone.
Who wants another twitter follower? Head to Twitter and follow and will follow you back!
I'm in the process of unfollowing people who don't follow me.
We're wrapping up our first 2012 meeting right now. Lots of great stuff planned!
~how's it feel to be back in the ATL?
okay. how hot did harry look? he stole the show.
Who tryna help.!?
` we blew enough trees, time for you to leave ~
#ArcadeFire with #cyndilauper Girls Just Wanna Have Fun @
ahahaha im not famous
Im Great Man... Just Sore... Heard You Have A Trip Coming...
Watch out for baby rattlers, folks! Neighbors found one in front of my house.
you all are the best band ever! I have #riseordietrying #enemyoftheworld and #insomewayshapeorform and every song is amazing
The sad thing is that was my avg when I was actually in a bowling league. Thank goodness we were more focused on drinking.
Plz get him to follow me plz it would be great
So tired.
i dont even know...
This game is insane & I only have OOTP12. There's nothing like watching a 44th rounder blossom into the games best prospect.
Seattle! High Dive Bar at 10
Be sure to follow us on facebook. Giveaways leading up to the kick off the 2011/12 Badger sports season. First giveaway coming soon :)
Discouragement is a choice...
guess what! I ran by there today and it was open. They just have random hours right now. Weird.
Great night!! RT : Ready for the nights chaos to begin
naaaaaaaaa, I never watched them shits .
#raw10 my 2yr old tells me, Daddy I boo-booed, I need u 2 change me. I said, U better rem this when I'm 90yr old. Son, I need U 2 change me!
God morning coffee drinkers!!!!! Mention this tweet today and we will take 50% off ANY MEDIUM DRINK! (Limit one)
Whoa...Jennifer Garner's mutant toe is way worse than Megan Fox's mutant thumbs...
thanks - I'd try a crash course in typography if I hadn't started out in the 70s setting hand metal type ;-} - old typesetter here
if i lived by M wall i would probably go everyday.
Just finished watching RAW from last night. Why do I think Cena and Rock REALLY don't like each other!!
I completely agree!
If u offer ur help then do it right or at least the half. Don't give help seasoned with shit!!! }:|
how your day sweetie
it's all so much deja viewed
thank you!! Glad to hear it, and approve of your selection.
I was looking at the republican presidential candidates and i wondered, " this is the best America has to offer"? - SCARY! ... Sigma out
SKS? I say YES!
Thank you, my friends. I hope things are going well for you. Lots of love!
I hate how sometimes theirs times I wanna be in a relationship & be committed but then I just wanna be single..
that's a great choice! There's a lot of sweet gifts there. :)
Q5 Model it, frequently discuss it. Deal with issues immediately as they arise. Consistency!
Dope. You know my style baby, I'll wear the weird shit no one else will ;)
Deliver local results with an instant click for your business needs through Google Places.
Thank You and keep us posted on your project.
yeah lol I saw and decided to follow back ^_^
thank you. It's on it's way, the email is
I got cayenne pepper in my eye while fixing lunch. Such is
no! I would've never guessed!
:) love your bio (especially 'cancer conquerer') and am confident your tweets will be good to see
What's for dinner?
It's in the rear of unity hospital at the Education Center
u rite but this one got to me n I was just saying hi
I #facebook friended him and he hasn't accepted.
you, me & albuquerque pride! main stage at 2 pm - performing arts stage at noon. june 12th. Yeay!
RHCP, Guns n' roses, the faces, among others
The weekend was full of great bonding and good old' fashion fun! What about you?
we didnt start either...i apparently gave my sneakers to goodwill! Ha
Not only do I have to get up for practice at 4:45am, but it's going to be 36 degrees
Haha no her and went outside and was hoping to be caught in the middle of the shooting !! Hahaha
Running the bake sale or "I'll drop off some brownies, from a mix, if I remember"?
Be hopeful and abundant. Hope defeats fear. Abundance defeats scarcity.
lol am i beautiful
I know! Doesn't it look so good!? 's photos always help--luckily, bc I'll only get to taste via photo! ;)
RT : Is there a horse that has even a 50% idea of what's going on here? If so, that's the one I'm rooting for.
they sure don't *sigh*
RT : We are thrilled that will be at the 2012 MAMAS Expo on Sat, May 5th! Save the date & RT!
haven't talked to in awhile
I missed todays show.... had a hectic day with work.....
Nope. I would hope that any library staffer would be able to answer that, not just one who went to library school.
My favorite part of that picture is Sarkozy...you were talking about the incognito glance, right?
John elway about Tebow - if I wanted someone to marry my daughter, it's be him, but for a quarterback not so much
: Where we're going, we need more walls.
Heyy. I know its crazy right! and your almost gonna be a senior!
Introducing N4S Audio Design. Custom Audio Perfection.
"have you been drinking purell?"
You made it difficult to watch this game. Lol
you think you guys can win it all this year?
Asteroid to pass Earth in 2 hours. Within 37,000 miles. Only the size of a city bus, but have you ever been hit by a bus??
Good morning everyone! Happy Tuesday on this gray, but cool morning.
that's is so true
": The clock is ticking toward 10am E, ESPN2 when I will UNLEASH on what I think about Tim Tebow being traded."
Thanks Love(:
hehe, I meant that I check it like twice a year… RT : It's hard being popular Gunni :)
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it. Believe in yourself.
Just finished watching Can't Hardly Wait and now I can't stop singing Barry Manilow Lmao
Good morning Twitter wont let me follow anyone new...
Its nearly impossible to get [honest] and [sound] opinions from people when infatuation exists. Ass kissing will always take precedence.
#OkUPrettyBut that attitude of yours makes you look like a total B****.
Oh no! Sad to hear! RT I know - crazy. The 1924 Desmerail had turned into vinegar, sadly.
follow her she hass cool tweeeetss:)
Catch Saturday night resident Dj Philip Goyette TONIGHT | FREE I 10PM - LAST CALL I
well I think you are a great driver!
Take me back to summer -_____-
obviously. But your hotspot at ORD is awful. Ripping people off with a shotty wifi connection
How can some kids be so damn unathletic?!?!?! Like who the Fuck are your parents!!
Hey and You guys didn't say bye to me.. :/
He is indeed! Thanks, Marney!
Colts release Caldwell! I'm actually surprised.
Pretty sure used to have that sleeping bag!! I could be wrong though. Maybe it was mine. I have no idea.
what you talking about
Passed HOPE!
With ya Charles! “: Why i dont watch news RT : watch the news & wonder,when it'll b the day im a victim of these crimes”
IMDb is fantastic, isn't it? But it can be a bugger to figure out how to load videos. Used Withoutabox and it was much easier!
Looked at apartment today - must have been designed by H&M - never felt so fat-asked realtor for 'merican apt or 1 that doesn't hate freedom
I hate wondering if i did something wrong and have no idea what it could be! :/
Tonite the Pirates have more hits than Lebron has championships. Granted, its 1. But still.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you realize that you are probably never gonna see your new friends again.
Murray State is one of my final four teams.
Condolences to those lost in the conflict in Syria
Long-hair Jon Wilson?
Such a long day at work, thought it was friday but its not. At least its Jersday.
Ready for our first middle school baseball game tomorrow
stop it. Hearing you perform those new songs the other night inspired me to step it way up. I #SALUTE you
RT : Try Il Covo Ristorante & Lounge's amazing breakfast dishes: Eggs Florentine, Chocolate Nutella Crepes, and a cup......
Hahaha me too!! ": I suck at picking shopping carts..always get tha one wit tha bum wheel..haha"
yeah I know. I don't understand them. Stupid hypocrites :p
Okay! What word do you wanna say? :D
Community service sucks, Im gonna just pay the next time! smh
I did get to the annual conference. That I do get on a plane and go to every year.
happy mothers day to your momma for having such an amazing guy. <3
on the agenda today:
everybody's at mother's day brunch!lol
No matter how bad you think your life is, wake up thankful for what you have. Someone somewhere is fighting just to survive.
I have an extra medium red Capella T-shirt...want me to bring it?
Bought my baby a pair of sneakers :)
Best of luck 2 the tonight!
Been on twitter all these months and still don't have a Bio.
Foxcroft Academy in ME (private/public) recruiting more overseas, locals think it's the most exciting thing to happen in years
Said like a true Jersey girl :)
great, thanks, see you there
Award winning author.I have posted Chapters 1- 2 of And So It Was Written. I would love to have your comments.
Hi Kurt - thank you for your kind RT. Hope all is well with you.
Will Do!
High recommendations for: THE SOURCE (70s CA cult life with lots of archival footage) & COMPLIANCE (uncomfortable x100 but amazing)
....things happen for a reason...for better or for worst...all I gotta do now is heal....
Good Morning Bella Have A Great Day And Follow Me
i got student of the month!!!!! XD
#Connolly, The Gates of Hell Are About to Open-Want to Peek? Boy meets demons. Dandelion Wine on acid, but British & with physics. Hilarious
<U+2665> You gotta walk by faith and not by sight <U+2665>
Wow. I'm Finally Getting Back On Fantage .
he's definitely a loun :p hahahaha
playing for wounded #Vets at Operation Mend at UCLA, and then off to rehearse at Disney Hall for tmrw on Skid Row.
Really enjoyed a long walk tonight, watching the beautiful moon as I carefully tried not to fall on a crack! I have my idea for NaNoMo!
we are really excited! already planning out our must dos!
Notes from 90767: “Who moved my Fez?”: a quote by Tiffany. And maybe the title of her new book on managing the retail space? Maybe.
How was the shoot?
Shoutout to the crew for keeping it real no matter how far apart they are<3
Change is necessary for growth in life but do it your own pace never rush it
seriously!! I'm trying to watch my Rangers and they are talking about random crap no one cares about! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Exactly that's what got me heated cuz this one bitch said if u lay with a man u wake up with HIV. How ignorant is that hoe
staying up till 4am with keefe then waking up at 8am...
I'm loving the SNAP acronym!
having fun?
ooooouhhhhhhh :) thanks boo!
Second time Flynn has eaten my new bouquet of flowers... off of the dining room table.
I know it's boring to talk about the weather, but HOLY CRAP IT IS NICE OUTSIDE!
Yeah, but that's the same thing lawmakers in Arizona said about Ethnic Studies/Mexican-American Studies.
#WhatMakesABlackGirlMad Eat her fried chicken xD
Saw at tonight! Must say pretty funny!
Friends are the ones who always tell it to you straight, when nobody else will!
Correction: Line dance lessons at Uncle Mick's in Jupiter 7:00 tonight. See ya on the dance floor! :)
haven't stopped since last friday sister
This guy is good ... really good Try this RT : #BCM is back. RT this to win a FREE Business Card Makeover over this weekend!
how about
Thank you.
thanks. Have a great day.
It wasn't real love if you ain't with the person your in love with right now.
Both the Food Network and Travel Channel is my porn
that's what I thought.
My #fridayreads is THE RED BOOK by the lovely and funny I wish I didn't have work to do so I could sit here and read it.
I'm tired of being a incovience in everyones life.
hanging out with the mom today
pull the trigger now hes dead
Yo Didn't mean to creep up on u at Roscoes on Sunday. I think was way shadier looking than I was.
Style/music #ACBW: Fisticuffs Leather
To all the boys; the day you tell a girl you like her is the happiest day of her life.
An Elephant never forgets!!!
I'm about to lay back down and try it again
My goodness, just shut your fucking mouth!
OH: It sounds just legit enough to quit.
And you as well! Thanks!
ur taste in movies may be diff from mine. Watch it, u might like it
it's so disappointing that u sent a guy out on a Sun to set my service up & he couldn't. Now I can't get anything for 3-5 days. Sux
Amazing Robotic Opera Would you attend it?
Nicola Batum. Happy Birthday! Can't wait to see you Courtside.
Algebra makes me wanna shit on my teacher .
He looked and sounded like a washed up old drunk. Oh wait...
It's good to hear Jay Bilas sarcastically talk about the 2nd round."oh yeah, 60 teams get a bye" since that terminology is insisted by media
love you too honey boo boo <3
Normal Amen = "Amen" Texan Amen = "Ay-May-En"
I got $215 for my birthday!!!! SHOPPING TIME! :D
IM DYING.
T1: Have to be careful not to stereotype, but guys typically want to "cut to the chase" so they don't always need a bunch of info
Amazing to meet you in person, discuss the architecture profession and hear your insights!
My youngest daughter bought me chocolate mousse in a white chocolate and milk chocolate cup shaped into a flower. I want another one. lol.
Starting a new bottle of Brandy and a new chapter. Hm which will I finish first?
great idea except no one has their phone at the golf course
holy cow!
lol that could be but I'm fina clock back in
Wow is falling apart :(
Cant Wait to see the new TVD on Thursday
Thanks, Erik! And I'll keep our conversation about science stories/dissent in mind. You make good points!
seriously looking forward to you & DaveLetterman-you & Craig Ferguson.
someone in my age bracket on twitter.
man the Heat better win 2nite
woot there are others out there! Was wondering Twitter seems quite these days!
Making flashcards just cuz I like writing in cursive now hehe.
The Artist is to The King's Speech as Moneyball is to The Social Network. The latter are good movies but the former are great films.
Just visited Kyle. It sure doesn't seem like its been a year.
BORED OUT OF MY MIND someone put me in the crazy house its much funier i bet
I hate win I fill like this :(
Smart decision-making begins with comprehensive data. Alan Berube from Brookings. So true. Data tells us about real people.
I honestly think that one of the saddest movies I've ever seen was A Land Before Time lmao!!!
Today marks SIX months since I started at Fox SIX -- it's like a golden birthday!
Networking party...Thursday March 3, 2011 @ Legends 6 W 33rd St. New York, NY. Doors open @ 8PM!!!!! Come dance, drink and NETWORK!
Google announces end of Google Wave...world asks "What's Google Wave?"
no prob! My rule is: We all have to support each other's dreams. Oops Didn't mean to get so heavy for a Thursday night.
Yeah buddy! Little #GameofThrones with and a packed Warren St living room
I cnt take this
#Birthday in couple hours:)
Oh, and the WP's van broke down. If you didnt know that. :)
Well I can't...unless everybody in the library want to jam some Jesus music
So I was in a line to buy lunch today and out of nowhere, the kid in front of me turns around and says "You know youre really short, right?"
acne, and I need advice to make it better. like I seriously try EXTREMELY hard to cure it but it comes back. Advice maybe?
Jimmy Johns makes a mean sandwich. Im hooked. TheBeachClub
FINALLY got the 2.0 software for the iPod Touch. Apps are definitely cool.
i will also be in #LA on April 20 books, hope you can make it!
"There is no true holiness without humility." (T.Fuller) We are called to be "set apart" not set above. Humility is an attractive witness.
i actually really miss you ... like a lot. ok. that is all. so yeah.. :3
sounds fun
Hey, not like it's a big night for ABC. It can't make the ABC sound any worse RT Is Portman clapping ON her microphone?
At home eating a tri tip sandwhich
I can't believe it!! We're so old!! Oh memories...xoxoxo
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth. – Bo Bennett
Dr. Green: 5 research areas that are going to get us from human genome sequence to genomic medicine
I recommend the Bone series for your collection. Plz will you share your replies?
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Love my sis
The issue has been resolved, your AddShoppers buttons are now working fine and looking beautiful!
the perfect combination of excitement and insult!!
how much are you hoping uk wins it all so you can then be the one to bring them down?
I knew when I started my #gratefulness year, I might hit a day when I needed to dig deep for my daily tweet. Today is that first hard day.
I consume a lot of high fructose corn syrup.
I just set up a Google search that sends alerts as an RSS in Google Reader.
#DuckDynasty oh no. Jana. Guess that means I'll have to be next!
Lightning won't stop.
Good question
what it is homie!
Agreed. It's funny, yet there's truth at the core. Glad you dug it. Hope all is good!
follow me please :o)
Wish I could of gone to the Indians game earlier tonight.
Worst week ever.
I literally refreshed and I had it. It was the worst.
Really...day 2 of not sleeping!!! I cant handle it!!!
I had a dream I was a muffler last night, and I woke up exhausted
heading off to bed, tired! well Waking up to Irene tomorrow.!
Thanks for everyone who came out tonight, it was a blast!
The winning champions return to school after winning! Finchel and Brittana moments and Will's win for teacher of the year RT
Knowing the only thing ppl r gonna talk about this week is prom <<<<< :(
EVERYBODY has those days they need a shoulder to lean on!
jesus man!! Don't get hit!!!
*opens window* hurry up! its cold!
I called 911 & reported what happened. Ironically it doesn't feel any safer..
Thanks for such wonderful coverage of "The Village Review!" It's always a pleasure to have you at the VLP!
have a great Friday !!
Life beats down and crushes the soul, but music reminds you that you have one
sure..and i am good and you? <3
haha can't be an adult too quickly. Gotta have balance
If you love America please check out IRONWILL and Stay Killer Design!
Who has no arms, no legs but floats? . . . Bob
amazing lunch today!
#Blazerfreeman can we get an explanation of Dwight's sweater?
hey, hi friends! Nice to have followers that are real people :)
I bet all those super-elaborate cakes that look like things taste TERRIBLE.
The death threats section is right next to the "Frenemies" and "Thanks a Fu**ing Bunch" cards.
your fine know matter what!
Tell them hoes that I'm busy
Addressing 's 2012 Mom Congress this morning. 21,000 moms gathered to talk about improving education in America. Wow!
That was me at AAMG conference on Saturday, in Houston. Talking about new directions in curator. As always!
No good Huskies--no good!
Great meal and service, but a little pricey bar menu...this this isn't Vegas
you're welcome :) go with what works. 've worn my Cally third or my blue Gomez every game so far.
I really do not want to lose one of my Final Four teams to a team with a girl's name on their jersey.
Happy Father's Day
Your grace is wasted in your face, your boldness stands alone among the wreck.
they better cuz if they don't I'm not trying to go and see them lose therm series in 5 games
I do however, have your name and company, so maybe I'll call and ask for references for your new job…
Mrs.Mahone you jelly? Oh I'm Nutella!(: RT AND FOLLOW<33
haha you should(; When I saw Toronto,Canada I immediately thought of my Drake<3
That moment when your wearing one guys jacket and another guys shirt. -.- ops
I wish I could believe him when he calls me beautiful <U+2665>
Poor girl. At least I'm not the only one who can't sleep.
haha yeah probably, them mexicans dont play
Lol smh I can't believe I'm doin this
I smell a roadtrip
Lol other just cant handle it;)
dinner in los angeles - so tired and so full......
ben away 4 a while. I have a new job th@ I LUV it has taken me a while 2 get used 2 workin again
Bout to foreal pull an all nighter. Research paper, come at me bro!
If you don't like or hate that I believe in one god, Jesus I'll pray for you.
#TGIF! What's going on in #Milwaukee this weekend?
Aye You mad Bro ??
My bad! My bad! Steve Harvey!
Thavolia Glymph speaking about her article on the Civil War's non-combatant labor-the backbone of US & CS.
#Grammys tonight!! and Nashville's own are gonna rock it tonight!! Yay!
Welcome to the left coast :)
Your chance to win Jimmy Buffett tickets coming up next.
With my nigs fuck the other side.
so much random information lol heres a quiz what was Stanley Tookies last meal b4 he was executed?
Thanks for following me too! I like your blog!
The house has to serve comfort. The work of art is revolutionary; the house is conservative.- Adolf Loos
RT Be jealous of yourself
WOAH! New puppy?!?! Pictures please!!
You're so kind. Thanks.
Yes! Thanks, Melissa. It was a little different and more in depth than some others I've read recently.
Bringing my volleyball blanket with me tomorrow <U+E32A><U+E32D>
have I mentioned how much I love you today?! Can't wait to see your face this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
God it's a glorious beauteous night in Stoughton!
Ash just asked to open at Goose Island... Now we wait to see if her age changes that.
RT : Im sayin doe...What dat be bout?? <------ I don't know what this means.
First softball game of the year tonight. It's been too long.
thats called a boner in lay terms. You're welcome hahaha
Your decals are a steal at $5! Are you sure are doing the math right? Either way, don't worry about it. =)
Am I an asshole for overlooking a positive message because it's misspelled with incorrect grammar?
Thank you for being the character guy who set the bar high for our team. Much success to you. You'll always be a Hawk!
Done with 2 now 4 to go.
#Best to
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 32
Check out my exclusive hit single "Pocket Full Of Money" /youngbravo1 Meeting with two A&Rs this week!
College education has no alternate and studying boosts the power of reasoning and logic. Besides, education ensures great careers
#IfIWasPresident I'd take a shit on John McCain portch
beautiful strong independent educated talented woman thats just the beginning of why im so into you :-***********
Facebook's cloud business must be in the millions of dollars every day I think more data probably goes into FB servers than other servers.
hey get to bed. You've got to train in the morning.
A Case Study in Federalism David Sampson is the president and CEO of the Property Casualty Insurance Association of America. He served in
I started out at a tiny radio station in a small town. Perfect job for a bum like me. I could wear flip-flops to work!
mattress surfing is definitely on the bucket list.
familiarity with ACTA and its legal implications is a must.
Man i gotta go pe
they go from XS to XXXL - you need to select color first before sizes are offered.
I think you hit all the right notes.
Have a gently used yoga mat you're not using? would be happy to take it off your hands for their NEW Song Circle Class!
Thanks Liz! Same to you :-) x
Have #students articulate what they are #learning each day in #class in a complete grammatically correct sentence.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. Bill Cosby
When we allow others in and open to their love, our lives improve
Blog found many times this week by searching "iris holy fire." I'm going to presume this is a springtime plant search.
Sad to learn that Ann Stanke passed away. What a wonderful musician and lovely person.
"Afghanistan is a mirror 4 the world. If they don’t like the image in the mirror, do not break the mirror. Break ur face." - 9pm 89.3
Kristen Stewart Prepares For Life After 'Twilight,' Visits 'Jimmy Kimmel' [PHOTOS] - Socialite Life
“: lisa turtle looks scary and now serena williams is rapping? we losing all the black goddesses :(:(:(”. SMH LOL
The fact that some cities don't require states is... urbanist or something. "Oh, that's an *important* city. No state needed."
Lily Collins duh.
New Exclusives Instrumentals Available Send You Music To lezalemusic
I just used the word emo in my last two tweets.
well, "chihiro" is pronounced ch (as in "achoo") i (as the i in italy) hiro (hero, light on the "r" sound, almost l-ish)
Dress too impress. ?/Never!
RT Looking for jobs or just to enhance your career, this sounds like a powerful way to spend a weekend. --> You have no idea!!!
#36 If you would miss church before you would work because of the way you feel you need to check your priorities Bro.
Love sees the invisible, believes the unbelievable and recieves the impossible. Have faith in my love for you.
Reminder: Intro to Processing programming class tomorrow at 7.
I'm going too! what time are you going? :)
What's the more important element of being "clutch", making the big shot, or the willingness to take it?
You too! : Have a great weekend taco lovers!! ”
Two and a half more payments and my car is paid off.
Laying on mikes couch, watching four weddings while he makes dinner :)
Smooth centipede layin down the grooves at All Asia in Cambridge, MA
What, then, shall we say in response to this? If God is for us, who can be against us?
Amen Kurt, God will sort it out.
that video can prepare you for anything.
My way of exaggeration is saying "as fuck" at the end of everything.
If you could please send your inquiry to we can have it escalated to the proper dept. ^CB
is so dismissive in a catty way of opposing views that I change channels from whom I really like
now....as i was saying follow for you chance to land #COD #BlackOps a week early...
We live to serve your cold feet & sweet tooth! <3 RT Neapolitan AND Candy Corn?!?! rocking my world right now...
a beautiful friday! interning then possibly zoo? going out hard tonight since its the last night in the chi for a week, spring break!
Getting the claim for my kitchen repairs processed is tricky because neither the insurance or the property is as concerned about it as I.
If you don't want your children to hear what you're saying, pretend you're speaking directly to them
. @ phoenix landing sunday. who's down?
Talking about getting state meeting representation on the #midwestchaptermla website. States, anything else you want from the chapter?
Einstein Bros. bagels for breakfast courtesy of Ms. Emma.
drinking your sorrows away over another Mavs loss?
Love your awesome healthy all-natural snack bars!
1st place Inspirational-Devotional for Branson Stars and Flags : Stories of Faith and Courage from the Vietnam War by Larkin Spivey
Enjoy ur day!!!
starting to get excited for #csimilwaukee this weekend it's going to be an amazing time anyone need to register late??
awww tank!!!!!! :( #sadpuppy yea fuck those chefs. Their egos are too big
you too!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Giordano's - Pizza (live updates)
Agree. RT How long will it take for to get verified? My guess is within the next three hours.
Hi Johnny, great to hear you used Scrubly to get productive in 2012! Appreciate your support for our app!
“: Yesirrr congratz to training partner and friend for the ko win!!” it was awesome!!
...nice choices for the 1st and 2nd..i like luther vandross myself.follow me and add me on FB
lol well when you put it like that.....
If you could set me up to do some snow #sculpting? I am there! We could be a team :)
Anyone from or in P.R here? I'm looking for a old school spot to watch the fight down there on Saturday.
your twitter account also is not working
nope I'm not on twitter talkin jus to be talkin
brewers or you're disowned forever
Junk a play about addiction opens tonight 7:30 the young world in Indy is flooded with drugs don't lie to yourself
surf forfeited.
I try to act cool actin like what you do don't phase me....
my boss has tasked me to review the lit on neurofeedback and ADHD/learning disability. Anyone have any opinions. Just starting to read
When you're doing something you aren't supposed to, every small noise scares the sh!t out of you
Did Portland just boo Derek Fisher? He's the reason y'all have a season this year! Oh, wait, maybe that IS why they're booing.
Ready for a day of learning and chatting at #nctech4good. Woo hoo, I love techie talk!
Its Always Good to Reinvent Urself--U never know what new things might come into ur life :)
Blogs, imedical apps, round w/clinicians 2c what they use it 4, etc. RT #mlamobiletech clinicians want from their mobile devices?
I #appreciate you! RT : fantastic job today! Proud to know you & of your commitment to the
Mini Burrito Puffs.
Why yes it is. FINALLY
shit I had one or 2 typos on that. iPhone struggles lol
they should have a"jerkin day"on 106 &park BUT get the best across the world. 5 team(each routine)Vote.Remaining 2 Battle it out in a circle
Monday eve eve eve?
I think we are last, but I don't know about the rest of the schedule. I am letting Greg, the owner, decide.
Don't bother watching for Kreider tonight: he's not in the lineup and he expects to earn his ice time
kirken is actually trending wow
Good for you! Heard a guy on the radio talking about that. You go girl!
Happy St.Patricks Day everyone..Be safe!!
wad up brother
Two new Guided By Voices 7" singles today! How cool is that!
Never realized how those skies worked until tonight. cool.
I want to hear from the person who popped a cap in his ass.
yep. Maybe tomorrow?
Thanks for the tweet Phil!
aw thank you so much (':
Creed + Homophobic Tendencies + Homogenized Fashion Sense + Too Much Testosterone = Downtown Lee's Summit Bar Scene
I got my starbucks venti blackeye, (regular drip coffee with a double shot of espresso) and I am on duty. Look out crooks, I'm on patrol.
Headed over to Chase Field #ASGTweetup Anyone know where I can pick up a good heavy weight Parka in town?
eww ! She's #SoUgly lol. Come on now, Betty white is cuter than her & she's old as hell.
I have a CafePress shop, and we are working on Zazzle shop... I also have free ringtones!
Facebook, please don't do this to me!
I just saw Nick for the first time in a long time. It made me so happy to hug him and see him doing well.
balk, can't throw to unoccupied base.
Hatred does not cease by hatred, but only by love; this is the eternal rule. -- Buddha
LMAO! RT : bill! bill! bill! bill! bill!
have you seen the muffin man... who... the muffin man... who lives on this one girls lane... nope :D
Still its not late. Dont be an #aprilfool for long. Be #vegan, lead a natural and #healthy life!
:) Just getting ready for bed! How about you?
"Well if I could gouge out somebody else's eyes and shove them into my sockets I would. But to me she is beautiful."- Homer
I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself. - Robert E. Lee
Wait a minute? My mom is in Colorado?!
can I come watch this lawn mower race?? It sounds like its gonna be good! Lol
I love watching how it's made. I like to see how things are created! #RT via Bowman
Don't forget ... if you're in/near Oconto WI, I'll be bringing INCOMPLETE PASSES to BayShore Books LLC. Come talk #books and #Packers!
Always believe in yourself
I wish I could automate my laundry..
12 in the afternoon: LET ME SLEEP. 2 in the morning: PARTY TIME, NIGGER!
Listening to breille by Regina spektor its just such an inspiring song
quit being a chump and post a pic!!
MQFTD: Glory lies in the attempt to reach one's goal and not in reaching it. ~G
If your clean white socks look dirty after just walking around the house, it's time to have those floors cleaned! We can help.
RT Who wants to be the new owner if this account btw I got a new account and itz
I AM ALWAYS UP FOR A CHALLENGE. That's what makes me a bonafide winner! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Rodger Goodell should lick a scro! Bad for the NFL! What does he want...ballet?
Operation Native Son setback: I'd have to spend $4 in fares (or walk 2 hrs) & get 2 West Philly to check out Baldwin essays. Hold it is. :/
Cause i like wat i see thats why
Happy 5th birthday to us!! - "No Set Style" - Since 2006
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Southbound 130 at Parmer on the service road has traffic slowed down
JFC Dani is injured? why do you hate us god!?!
GOT MY ELECTRIC DAISY CARNIVAL NYC TICKET!
Latest Jarrod Uthoff news? Florida working hard to get a visit from the Iowa native and Wisconsin transfer.
Of that I have no doubt.
Where? I want to go!
for the term?
if he was actually "in love" he wouldnt ask me for naked pictures and telling me that he wants me and shit that relationship is so fucked
Now I'm climbing the walls But you don't notice at all That I'm going out of my mind All day and all night. <3 --One Direction (Naill)
Four 2-page, hand-written English journals before 7th period... CHALLENGE EXCEPTED
RT : Let's trend
Very nice page, Barry. You are obviously way ahead of me. Next step is adding 'pages' to my 'page. How? Who knows....?
FOLLOW MY NEW PAGE now!!!!!
man I'm down on my boys. Nervously I await gm 7
for you too Julia :)
Hi Holly! Been a long time.
We will be closed tomorrow due to the inclement weather! Stay warm and drive safely if you must!
Hey I would really love to hear Honestly by thanks
If you haven't yet, do yourself a favor please and check out Norman Ambrose designs!!!
Always good to see the Ragin' Cajuns on TV...best mascot ever
Happy Birthday
whoa! Crazy confidence! Hope all is well with you and the break-up is going nicely. :-)
I don't wanna hear the words broom, sweep, swept, cleaned, and defeated. Whoever says that to me will be shunned.
so the BEST compliment i got at the #SEniorParty "You have anice chest." lol I'll take that THANK U :)
Scott, I think you mean The Ring. (I feel like a gigantic A-hole right now.)
Whose watching the fights tonight?
yes, like usual, the entire world has it completely wrong & US is the only one that *really get* how boring soccer really is
If you leave without a reason , don't come back w/ an excuse . !
since they are held up at the top by the straps?
So pretty!
Forgetting u have bite marks on ur breasts and wearing a low cut shirt is no buenoooo....thanx babe
I didn't kill Osama, but I'm gonna get his mamma.
your the man. Steeler pride til i die. Youll always be one of my favorite players
At the school :(
sweet way to make use of cooking oil -- good think the food industry isn't running out anytime soon
thanks shannon!!! :D
something just reminded me of this but... He doesn't have a twitter I've already checked 3 times!
I would like to thank The Augusta Rotary Club for having me speak tonight! It's was a very nice night!
Time for #muaythai!!!
I had a moment where my morning beverage did not taste so good... after reading that article...
Shout out to in 's SxSW keynote. "Innovative, charismatic leader"
People are so damn lame today. It is 's birthday..stop sucking
#carrieunderwoodisperfect RT : I want to look like Carrie Underwood on the cover of her new album
Thinking about offering a service to do videos and promote business via blogs, and video. Thoughts....
I mean, Chris Ash could be a "non-traditional student, nascent Buddhist, and Oxford Comma aficionado," but that doesn't strike me as likely
are you running the full or half in philly tomorrow? I'm doing the half! Excited to have a Rocky-inspired run
me and my friends seen dont be afraid of the dark last night it sucked so hard please dont go see it.
You realize of course you are leaving a written trail of illegal gambling all over the internet. Good luck with that.
But I know this is not my burden to bear and I have to just turn it over to God, but sometimes we get caught up in anger.
Go ahead and sell me out
3 Bookings on 3 different shows all in 1 day!! I like these numbers!! Keep the good juju coming!!
Give me your hand April fools
it was a pleasure meeting you over the weekend. Didn't really get to say goodbye... so bye! Good luck with your pilot.
Happy 4th of July to all you wonderful people!
doesn't seem to exist. pax in cahoots with harmonix.
If you missed it, here is 's team hired for movement: Manager
“: I don't want that hoe, I want that bitch! <U+E231><U+E51F>” Plies?
how about they don't cut the SB half-time show? How about they just get a clue and make it relevant? Katy Perry, Lady GaGa...
you do look alittle like a conga. Lol!
extraction does not exist
<U+2640>A GENUINE WOMAN - is a lady with good morals and a quality heart, someone who possess a sincere attitude and creates a positive start<U+2640>
Any chance we'll see digital releases of books like Testament and A.D.D?
I hope you enjoyed getting drunk off of the hate you have written into your constitution. May god have mercy on your soul
Sad to see Dirk out. On the bright side, I hope u guys can get him to do some commentary on
77 yard punt return! thats what i'm talking about!
Thank you!
No worries! See you tomorrow.
Like Warhol? Like music? On Mar. 30, SECCA's going to combine the two. Tickets on sale now. Join us. Music by Dean&Britta.
Already thanks.RT : Shout out to my new follower
Time for trivia #Packers fans! Winner gets the official tshirt of "Green and Gold Today" on ESPN Milwaukee. Follow for details!
#Dell will raffle a #Dell mini today at 3 PM
To my American Facebook friends; enjoy your holiday weekend!
Thanks. It's been weighing on my mind, so encouraged me to address it. :-)
Looked like he was playing Angry Birds to me.
See you later, alligator!
Hmm that RT goes to Sorry !
About to hear the commissioned piece by performed & improvised by at theater.
I feel horrible
will see you in two days!!!
RT BIG KIDD PRODUCTIONS WILL BE AT 2NITE,ITS LADIES NITE 2ROC THE MIC PLUS SPECIAL GUEST PERFORMANCES
": Getting back with someone who fucked you over is like inviting garbage back into your house from outside."
You're kidding, right? Everyone, not just the "left," is saying someone who isn't married is hypocritical saying kids need dad
Scared of your team's chances then puffing out your chest, Celtics fan? JR Smith (crappy) & Carmelo Anthony (inneficient)...
GIANTS! <3 Nicks and Cruz
"I stand with the taxpayers of this state and I'm going to continue to stand with them." -
Thank you! Make sure to tell your colleagues, clients, friends and family about it! Everyone is an expert at something!
6pm-1am! Stop by for great food (cheesesteaks), music and fun!
sounds like a great analysis of one of my fav actors, Barbara Stanwyck in that panel, the tweets have been great
I think the last time I saw you was like .... Um... July hahaha
My colleague just chimed in that she's started THE DRESSMAKER and still waiting for something to happen.
I'm not dumb. I wouldn't ever lay my hands on a girl.
darn it. If I had one he could be troy mclure in my Cobra Named Joe comics.
Awesome partner in crime - "the cone of uncertainty looks like a penis"
you're welcome! check the playback on that latest video lots of jerkiness fluttering etc I reloaded it a few times with no luck
has changed my life. Thank you for introducing me.
great timing..
haha yah i guess its just the mystery butt for now....
Morgantown Airport Continues Business After Pinnacle Airlines Files Bankruptcy
Short blew everyone away, dungy gor 5th, canard won over roczen just barely at #mxon. Time to have an international pit party!
studying for the MCAT's.
Jay Z so close, yet so far away
oh what up sam :)
The school system's teaching style works well with 20% of students, but that leaves the other 80% lost.
Dayton moves to simplify states environmental review process
Just found a picture of you in my phone...
You're welcome & thank you!
made 's Top 10 #Bollywood songs of 2011 with 2 hit tracks! Check it out bit.ly/AiVm3Z! xx
This is so gay...
Wuss up wit the shows..! Im ready for whateva
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Make a #YouTube channel & profile. This gives viewers a place to look at your videos and check on any new ones.
I see the bullshit in you.....you aren't fooling anyone
u till him wow
I can't believe she is old enough to text! Guess she's past crying over eating her toenails at 3am (:
And you can book this one...to the Orioles!
hell yeah me too! You got a contact number? Kamel trying to get at you bout some business.
We retain only 10% of what we read, 95% of what we teach - get smart, be a mentor!
Bat-shit crazy people day at the lib- paranoid schizo accuses me of "controlling Facebook." I wish! Called cops on truant kid who likes to..
It is pretty amazing how quickly the weather can change around here. Last week it was mid 90s this week the mid 60s. Where did the sun go?
ODU giving Missouri a run for their money
Yes, with the fam. Fireworks rocked! :)
How do you promote porn on a tourism site? This is a question I ask many affiliate applicants.
Scent is such an important aspect of personal style! Be creative and dare to be bold.. its one of the strongest first impressions u can make
done and done!
Egypt wants to make it illegal to be able to bang your dead wife?? But what about closure?????
RT : "Let's go YANKEES!" Yeah! Seriously! Can't wait for baseball to start
What's your #fitness goals?
Got a special #CD101 Day Side B lounge tip coming your way at 3:35 for a chance to win box seats!!!
<--- follow her. if you don't...a zombie will eat you.
If tweeted me "I love you" my day would be made. Kthanksbye.
he loves it!!
I know I've watched AYITM before, but wow.
"Just Fine With You" is playing live on the air now on Check it out!
Rolling to the boro
I don't feel it's necessary for him to turn into a hermit crab for his studies -.-
On some other stuff
we heart you
What sets you apart from your competitors? Know their business and how you can market differently! Make your business "remark-able."
It feels like Christmas. I'm helping give out some refurbished printers and scanners to Baltimore-area nonprofits.
no Washington sucks. Hahaha
“: Making your Goldfish play basketball .. #YOLO ”<3
Jamison, wow this is what the Cavs wanted when they traded for him.
Today's creative prompt: Moving! How many times have you moved? Where to? Write, draw, collage!
Pet Peeve of the day: press releases or event announcements sent as image files Argh! at least copy text out to body of email
“: Just to be clear, I am INCREDIBLE at life. #raw #wwe” No ur not. You Suck at life Johnny.
i just dont like to bug you like all those niggas i see on facebook
Also, the Jonas brothers aren't even a band anymore. So why are they relevant?
You're in Colorado. You are. I just saw you on the street corner. You were standing there and being all Jordan-y. Come see us.
haha. I wish they added "Hard Work"... a major oversight IMHO.
Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats. ~Voltaire
thanks for coming!
Dear Fall: step back a bit please. I'm not ready to start wearing stupid tights or sox yet because my feet are cold.
As I write this, the #Brewers have a better records than the #Yankees. I'm going to enjoy this while I can.
it will work if blogger lets you insert Javascript, I kinda doubt that it will
ahh i hate when his ustreams end :'(
I have an old G-Shock, but idc it's a G-Shock
They roll Fire Ant into the ring and hit More Bang For Your Buck and pose as the show fades to black.
At the PSU townhall meeting in Pittsburgh
Washin clothes for the Night. Gotta take my Boy to the Clinic in the a.m.
call on him!!!!
Just saw your post! Loved it! Thanks for visiting us!
omg you did!? now you have two! #likeaboss ;)
Sending kisses to all my dolls :)
Jamming out to kayne with daddy
RT : Man Ill Drink A MuthaFucka Under the Table..... Niggas Cant hang wit Me.....I'll take that bet
Chase Budinger should have dunked over us last night instead of
Travis just won $300 at bingo and so did Howie
let me know if you find any jean jackets
Indeed! What an opportune time 2 b in the eLearn industry: Browser wars, HTML5, rapid eLearn tools, mobile revolutio
The only thing that the hair I just used to floss my teeth did was remove some of my dignity.
These refs are weak!
No one can be sad with Louis around ;)
The Masters iPad app is awesome ... Excited for the Tournament to begin!
RT : Airport Security: Tips for Travelers: Written for airline passengers and all concerned with airline security, th......
I'm thinking a bassnectar playlist for this pre game (or 'warm up' as the Danes call it). That kind of night.
Unfortunately due to unforeseen circumstances Los Scrams won't be playing ABQ Zine Fest
Hehe i think i may kno the title(; of movie
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here’s my vagina, soo bang me maybe?
your #lesserrappers tweet is in the top 5 www.goo.gl/1rzKY
I don't wanna lose her now, You know I believe in how :')
after next weekends iconathon, we plan to share tips on how anyone can organize independent iconathons. stay tuned!
your better than the best
thanks. :) Hopefully I made them think a bit. At least intro to and #behaviordesign ;)
gr8 c u then.
GO GO GO!!! #LAPC 5k FT
As you go the way of life you will see a great chasm. Jump. It is not as wide as you think. Native American Proverb
I now know I dislike the Giants more than I dislike the Patriots.
Rye wine. Who knew?
Just back from Germany. Great trip. I think I drank my thrice my body weight in bier. Also, beautiful country. Makes Houston look like crap.
My NEW video Transa - Behind the Sun (Time Lapse Version) is COMPLETE! After 16hrs and 58 Minutes... Getting ready to upload it to Youtube!
i love it so much!
Girls who aren't mothers
Saturday morning and we'll at the CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic in Ocean Beach. Anyone concerned about vehicle habitation tickets? Best.
Girls that love God is a plus
Pretty sure Ron Weasley just walked in Applebee's...
Botox for migraines? No kidding. I just learned something new. I hope they do the trick Amber! :-)
Other systems available as well. Such as Goodman , American Standard and Payne units. kewlaire.com
Playing pre-game Stadium () then trucking up to the CLE to play the Screamin' Rooster with !
sounds like u had a goodnight lol
Bits of Portuguese and Creole floating in my brain from my littles ones. Helps to know how to say "open" in mult langs! :)
next weekend ;)
About 20 minutes away from First at 4! has your headlines, trending topics & viral videos!
Of course
An error will propagate its parent scopes upwards until a scope is found on which a boundary error event is defined that matches-as in life.
- Great to have ACE as a partner in this exciting new undertaking!
Well THAT would be okay with me, except judging by her cleanliness, I wouldn't trust it. Urine stained carpets.
I appreciate that
At club 2 me till about 8. Hit me up if you wanna come out.
Who has seen "Act like a Lady, Think like Man"? Is it worth seeing?
Perfect day for bocce and cheap beers at looneys... Welcome home
Home alone .-.
~ beautiful night!! Attempting a 90-block walk home!
One play touchdown to end the game ... Awesome run by Thomas. To bad it involved
:( Unfortunately, school midterms are a priority this week and I just couldn't work around it. Hope you had fun there, though!
Do you feel called to Qoya? For more one on one info email me @ xoxox
never mind, figured it out!
At the mall with one of my favs
getting my tan on
We must replace money with a work-credit system that most advanced ET's use. Many ET's use a system that allows everything to be free.
After going 5-0 last night I did not go out partying or buying shots like an degenerate gambler,I went to work on #Soccer get on the list
he is on my nerves. #jcnights #shuthimup he is trashy
Matinee=wow I feel young!
Happy Birthday Mr.MooMoo :) <3 have a blast <3
what are you doing on match.com?
hey, I was a little late - Facebook messaged you - but I'm here now. Did you leave already?
run Maint, nozel cleaning up to ten times. I had dry ink plug up mine.
Spring time in Tucson is the perfect time to take a night out on the town. Call today for a reservation for all of your transportation needs
its the remix to ignition hot and fresh out da kitchen!
You know, now that I pay for my own ziplock baggies again.... I'm down for reusing them.
Need to invest in a foam roller for real !!
looks terrible, classic shot fighter.
Figured out what I'm giving up for lent!
#IAMDABEAT ALL OVER THE ATL!! rockin in LA both coast on Lock!!
But people can now make a post from an iPhone or a BlackBerry while they<U+FFFD>re sitting in your restaurant
Do you think Lackey ($$$$) paid Bucholtz ($) to be so awful so we'd want him back?
Having a SB party today? Go team!
the simi-melted frosting puddle in the middle
...quickly get too egregious for me. Subjectively, of course.
#Photography Show: Brooklyn College, April 2012
#FF I just saw that you will be speaking at Blogwell Chicago! Cool. Hope I'll get a chance to see you there.
No. Screw you all. The #besttvshowever was the
Jimmy McNulty loses to Stringer Bell at the Golden Globes.
#FF for their timely content and on-target articles for women in businss.
Aggression doing the trick today. Blinds are up. 75-150. About $11K
i was waiting for that joke....
Hooray for this!
Still have napkin with autograph from 2008 Geurilla Dinner with et al :-)
PrchsID 2002773622430.DELL service and sales likes to tell customers anything to make a sale-bait and switch-unethical!Not Happy!
Raley's French Sparkling Sodas! I use them for mixers in our cocktail recipes.
You need to start tweeting the stuff people say in your classes. INSTANT MILLION FOLLOWERS!
Anger management
haha- don't know that I quite qualify for famous, but thanks :)
You can't force the best friend label on someone.
It only comes once every 4 years... get ready for our one-day leap year sale on February 29th!
Caught up with former NFLer Eddie Kennison tonight in Chi-Town. He is doing some work w the
beautiful right? I thought it was just me!
The Autism 200 class offered by the Autism Center this evening is canceled due to weather.
had a wonderful convo with this morn. very generous man. ur blessed to work with him.
Finally got my own tv today! :)
break down that sub
Excellence is not a singular act but a habit. You are what you do repeatedly.
Never eating those Fiber-One bars again.. It's been like a Beethoven Symphony in here ever since...
#TheCastle is always ready for a session!..
Thankful for tweets from . It's almost like I'm there!
Shopping is a much better plan Use my quarters on new shirts.
You learn and grow 1 step at a time. Keep walking forward! I will be here to support u on the way!
RT its the avi lol <------ Well I'm gonna change it, lol
I miss you too chicaaa<U+2764>
What words would you want to have on you shirt before being barried?
Just woke up :)
Follow my besties , and ;)
Had a wonderful interior design social for the designers in our area. Great attendance and wonderful teamwork to make it happen!
I just got stung by a wasp! :(
Bad guys meet on N side of Rio Salado, E of Mill. By KPMG building.
Man everything gone be alright, really I just have to pray more and read the word more often..
Follow back please.
A letter just went out from the university to local residents mistakenly implying they have free access to check out books here. Ut-oh.
Totally had something to tweet about, but forgot it.
- perfect coffee house in downtown VA. Huge windows with view of downtown, quiet music, great vibe.
How is iMapMyRun? Have only used RunKeeper and the Nike one. Does Net-A-Porter have a nicely designed app?
The #videoart was well received! Now, on to the next project: obsession. Stay tuned.
........ It would seem like it is clear... But this is far from easy..... QT wit da baaabyy tonight
HAPPY HOUR 7-9pm. Free food, drinks, pool tables, & t-shirts.
#stopremaking #BBC British television shows. You may want subtitles, but they're actually speaking ENGLISH!
Someone text, call, Skype, oovoo, or whatever me.
those were some good muffins
I thumb thru a crazy check ;o)
"How terrible is wisdom when it brings no profit to the man that's wise"
Everything good on this end!
It's Brittany Bitch
- From the dashboard I'd love to see how many computers I have this installed on and be able to enable/disable.
Sue, do you have any questions we can help with?
her name is Katie
I'm sure you're about to explain how Boehner and his cronies are fixing all of that.
You should email and they can send you a lovely PDF of the pricing, pictures and menu options!
Does everyone know what they r going to be for Halloween?
Google maps car just passed by in canton
A math question for the peoples, Hot water + cloves + honey & lemon + 2 shots of Makers Mark 46 = what?
TODAY at 5 pm is the deadline for the SPJ Awards Contest. Please don't wait until the last possible minute & crash the system. Kthx!
"what it do"? You kids and your crazy lingo. ;)
aww your the best in the world
did you ever watch that video I posted on your wall - #theweinerscircle one?
Will do!
I hope you yelled hummus in the store.
money motivate us
heading to woodford county for some visits and out of habit I went to merge on the bg parkway- been away from cville for too long.
Thx for the follow! Have a great weekend!
Looking for work.
Another day, another dollar.
Yes! I'm glad we were able to meet IRL! Safe travels back! :)
Im moving to flordia.....:( On The bright side its where Ariana lived and is now.Im going there to check out houses
"..You get a grandson with a dog collar. Don't get a grandson with a dog collar." Love that commercial!!!
0-5 in last 5 halladay starts and 0-4 in cliff lee starts and somehow 17-19. that's a miracle. team will be okay.
Still studying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Happy Easter everyone! Please remember the true meaning of It!?!? He died on.that cruel cross for us!
Well I suppose the good news is that no one can claim I'm "unAmerican" / treasonous by having a Swiss passport as well...
BEST BURGER IN HOUSTON IS IN THE AMAZON GRILL ON KIRBY DRIVE. CHECK IT OUT -
Watched a WHOLE ENTIRE football game Sunday, which I almost NEVER do, for the 2nd time in 4 days!! It's like I'm a real man or something.
So tired...
q6: I'm actually surprised about the banning. It's no worse than any other erotica book & I bet they have those on the shelves
Mike Green on Earth Day apropos..ties it at 1
thanks for the follow.
I want a mexican friend just so I can hear the accent on a regular basis #loveit mate
What #noobysakks are going to be home this weekend???
Good morning twitter
I really want t0 b back in bed n0w with a w0rking f0ne.
"in the end we will conserve only what we <3. We will love only what we understand. We will understand only what we r taught."
I'll Be Your Man
Tiger Woods ready to unleash golf fury on Greg Norman’s International Team via via
There could be some 1-0 games in this series
If everything around you reminds you of the past, laugh it off and make new memories.
Don't do bad music !!!
it would have looked weird with the rest of my suit.
OMG #lightwall RT Who wants to go to CN Skate Palace tonight?
It's been a glaring need ever since they cut House. RT I'm glad the Heat signed Turiaf to be the bench leader in cheering.
#rdap12 Purdue data repository system "not just for sponsored research, its for all research." thank you!
That is right... Viral, like a dirty little design disease based in Seattle!
Finish this one out Lowe.
Fuck ya !! You deserve it all brit Ur so amazing! Keep up all the great work!!!
Brett Favre has thrown his hat into the ring to replace the injured Jay Cutler. what the hell Dan?
Yes!! RT : you guys are welcome out here any time! and I will be wonderful hosts!
J Rose that was FAR from a Colt's demolition! Broncos showed in the 2nd half they can play with anybody!
Nothing has changed.. my mind is just playing games .
States that use more coal to generate electricity have lower electricity rates.
I don't know what the next war will be, but I'm against it!
When he put that loving on me, I can’t think of nothing That’ll make me walk out I’m holding on I love my Mr Wrong
Please stop calling i cant talk, i have to do homework. and i dont want to talk about anything right now.
word i got that song too I'll export and send
wheN ARE YOU COMING BACK AND STAYING
Yes please do. lol RT : They tellin me it's SHOWTIME ... Guess I got to put down this ooooweee
TY for update. I find this all so fascinating! Both campaigns have extremely sophisticated digital teams.
You've made it this far so why give up now?
Violence Against Woman Act (VAWA) passed the Senate! I urge the House to pass this important bill into law.
Hidey ho, here we go! Erica here, jumping into the #HITsm waters... how are you all doing this beautiful Friday? TGIF!
thank you!
we'll be downtown in about 30min. Still at stardust?
Waiting by my friend's classroom like a creep trying to get her out of class
For some reason, the new documentation lady looks a lot like one of the lost
Luke 11:11 If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father, will he give him a stone? ... Continued next tweet
Exactly one month to enjoy my teenage years. Damn it.
Wishing heartfelt congratulations to Mike Golub for MLS Exec of the Year honors. Love 'em!
There isn't enough arnica in the world to make this knot go away!
#WeekendFunFact: Today is International Museum Day! Which museum is your #1 tourist attraction? -CS
Night...meet me at the salon in the AM, 813 910 2770
Just home from Choctaw casino. A great night at the nl tables...Its about time.
I'm sad i didnt get to see the end of The Blind Side today ... This is what i get for being sick .-.
I love these icons!
Most bizarrely, Trey, you look like both of them. Wes Anderson prevails again.
OPRAH's guest also saw her dad be cruel to animals.
Today is the last day to enter the Hydrafacial Giveaway! Refer your friends and increase your chance to win! Good luck ;)
Wanted to watch DVD but march madness and season 5 of Doc Martin wins.
I know the #Phillies lost the game last night but to see the struggling offense explode was more than worth it. And Joe B today, amazeballs.
I HOPE I WIN THE TICKETS!!!!!!
RT : Breaking: 'American Bandstand' host Dick Clark is dead. // so sad
yeah, they don't have to follow Title IX either. Sorta sucks.
He who digs a hole and scoops it out falls into the pit he has made. Psalm 7:15
I'm not going to Philly.
my morning: snuggle w/paige, eat bagel, open laptop, do work. Oh, & there's super hot chicks wearing meat doing a photoshoot in my kitchen.
You have to take chances for the things you care about.
Heading to bed.....tweet back in the morning
is putting Monday into its' proper place.
We got heaters smoke drank bitches, 4s deuces treys switches
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
“: Snackable? M... snack pack....” Snack pack! You're the greatest!
Not feelin it today.
thanks for the tips!
Thanks! I'm stoked too! What's next week like for you?
sounds good to me ! <3 i was the girl sitting on stage/dancing by julians side haha
Miss y'all today! Send my love to the TBW crew! xx
80 followers away from 1,000. We're getting there.
Be true to yourself and to your feelings. Those are the only things in your life that will never lie to you.
Even a 7-hour delay and a red-eye home can't diminish the Tucson gem show high! If you've never been, put it on your calendar for next year.
We love it! Hope to see you at next week's IGBT filming at party.
Hope you guys had a great event! Thanks again for your support!
I would love it. Keep it.If you do sell how much?
DJ Topher will be spinnin' old school and new school hip-hip tomorrow at the shack and Big Red will be handing out free samples. Come party!
#TheThingIs not everyone is going to like you
Drink n Fuck a
TEs and are superior.Green-Ellis has being playing great lately too!!! Who knows may get involved!?
Only One Week to go before the Big Game between The Packers and Steelers! Next Tweet tells you the Best Place to Wager on the Superbowl!!!
if you will meet me at the airport I would be more than happy to learn! :P July 1st sound good?
Football season hurry!!!!
Candy lounge right now!
Thats Life... U gotta be like a vacuum when u get that feeling of emptiness
damn. You are lookin SMOKIN hot as a blonde....wowzers!!!
Resting in Jesus allows you to just be. Be quiet. Be still. Be at peace! He is THE Comforter.
Watching the foodnetwork and eating popcorn in my pjs. Wow
Wiz N Tez Mixtape dropping june 20th there will be a promotion perty hit me up for info....
I'm going to get a sword and name it "Kindness" so I can kill haters with kindness. #EasySolution :)
UWM SCE is offering Business Culture and Language classes for Professionals. Language and culture today is an essential tool for any profe…
Somebody play me in Draw Something!
Too good to be true #TWC - $89 a month turns into $120?! Fans: pros and cons of brands offering better deals to only new customers vs loyal?
socialism is a political theory advocating state owned industry. I'm not aware of any here. I assumed u might know
I been tight since Guiding light
yes! Email me: emily at emilylewisdesign dot com
In the best mood ever right about now...I want to shit out rainbows and puke out confetti
How have you been
I'm too tired today to be everyone's good friend. Please keep your problems, requests, drama to yourself. The doctor is NOT in.
lmao! I'm in!
ikr. it would be completely amazing.
Perfect day to fertilize. Expecting more rain this evening.
look at you! So fabulous!
RT 3.5 weeks to Christmas. ReFocus on diet and exercise so you can relax over Holliday and start strong in New Year!
FUCK THO POLICE. for everything theyve done....plus this bullshit ticket i gotta pay. FUCK THEM POLICE, ima
will do
RT : By end of day tomorrow, 25 percent of this year's FBS membership -- 31 schools -- will have changed conferences since 2010.
Not sure about this
RIP Whitney Houston
true true. goddamn that is the stuff of nightmares.
But it's ok to drink Ranger, right? RT : No one with the nickname #Rangers will win tonight!
WTF is going on with afterprom? I'm so confused
Ooh let's hope my dad didn't see me
goodnite my twitter app is acting up <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
#mediachat Hi! I'm late!
they're perfect for eachother. <U+E328>
I'm in soo much pain again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> My moms telling me to stay home but I can't do that to & ):
I need a gravy boat lighthouse for my au jus
Look. at that. horse.
yes lets collaborate on a hopyaard tour and ttell me if I can get a cut & help market the event.
Cherry Blossom Fest (we're April 9 @ 3:30pm) is our only thing inked on the schedule until the fall!
Bikinis cover 90% of a woman's body. Leave it to me to keep looking at the other 10%.
damn i kno. And i want one
Damn, I love watching the Pirates!
That ice cream was amazing!
& I'm off to the races. Be back soon.
Getting off from Fedex .....TYJ
I heard its crazy hard
Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated
hello wanted to say hi and wihs you a wonderufl week. take care
Protect her like your Daughter. Love her like a Wife. Respect her like your Mother.
Hi! My name is KiKi :)
Has arrived at #cis2011 in lovely Keystone CO.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt not engage in: telepathy, telekenitics, biting, clawing, blood-letting,
RT if you want me to share you.(MUST BE FOLLOWING ME) Dont worry, I'll actually share you(:
Comcast Sports Group and OneTwoSee™ Partner to Launch a Second Screen Application to Enhance Local Broadcast Coverage ...
Westbrook look like a potato
We would be interested in sharing ideas and participate in brainstorming creative ways to enhance the experience. let us know.
And I am going to remind myself that it is okay to look away, to gain strength to struggle another day. Cuz this is about the long haul.
Going to bed! Orthodontist in the morniing :/ im gonna get yelled at for not wearing my rubber bands..
no – thank you!
RT : What If Schools Created a Culture of "Do" INSTEAD of a Culture of "Know?" zite.to/xrEpeJ via
Does anyone want to come by my flat, read what I have written and tell me in short, easy words what it is I have been saying?
happy mothers day!!
I just wanna leave NJ an make good muzik behind the glass on the board
I hate misspelling.
cool movie
Z what's up ni**a What you doing?
A-Town Veteran the#Streetlit #UrbanFiction #book by #ColeHart is available now on #Kindle for 99 cents.
I feel like being naughty...hm maybe next weekend! !*devilish laugh*.
He hasn't said anything yet! What should I do? :)
Watching Bottle Shock while drinking wine. Perfect Friday evening...
That was a well done movie. Jesus Shuttlesworth
shopping on amazon is an addiction.
Lakers better win 2night on my mama
Can anyone recommend an electrician near milwaukee? Thanks twitterverse!
Last minute show tonight Guest drummer filling in for Litt. With GANTO BARN and other great bands! We'd love to see you!
So glad I have healthcare.
i feel your pain! my bday is right after valentine's day -___-
thanks for the RT!
FLORIDA CANT WAIT FOR YOU TO GET HERE <3
Great cover on You Tube!
“: u watch basketball wives for tips on how to get and keep a man #YourRatchet” lmao
omg. GO!!!! anything!
reach out to me I have a great movie idea but I need your help with this one....
yo check out when you get a chance.
And so it begins - celebrating New Year 4 times today: Russia (2 time zones) UK & US - Gallon of shampoo I think!
It's hard to eat healthy when I'm at work :( yet I'm glad to have some good options on the Sevilla menu
holy hell this is weird... hahahahaha all of our names are Taylor Penman TRIPPPPPPY hhahah
It's easy to ignore the voice as an "instrument" because it's invisible. But it's science, and if you learn the WHYs, you'll also get HOWs.
BR = Barb Roland?
You like Baylor and Creighton tonight?
all that really matters...I'm real sweet at the end. But when I'm not you can't beat me. ;)
If n e 1 need their hair done call me or text me b4 friday n I'll let u knw d price 4 ur style n e time this week after 1pm
lmao it happens. I'm off next week Thursday & Friday lol
This is Oklahoma do we really need 2 answer that!! Lol RT : What happen to the sun...
What spa booker feature?
Just saw someone type the full Google url into Bing. The universe implodes.
whenever I travel on day trips typically to NYC, its iPad, BT keyboard, and charger. Its a good temporary replacement.
northfield for a lax game vs norwich
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Your beings add light to this world. Thank you!
Usa la fuerza Luke.
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> praises going up. Patience, faith and prayer pay off!
school is beyond a drag now that the seniors are gone-.-
Ladies and Gentlemen it's trivia night again Backstrom jersey to the winner!!!!
You know you're learning javascript when you start dreaming in multi-level arrays
So now for some happier CW news: They just this week brewed a 16th anniversary beer to be released in 2014. Details secret.
follow back please. 4
. Some of being brave is just "you're the only adult in the room. suck it up." I do try hard not to pass on fears.
Scary Spice not spooked by haters - Independent Online
Amazing how acting CRAZY translates into more publicity than having a "hit" sitcom #charliesheen is #winning?
I met a girl at 17 thought she meant the world to me she turned out to be a cheat
hahah, when you getting here?
Kohlrabi: astonishingly filling. I love summer fruits and veggies.
Got the job with faith!!!!
The more art you see, the more inspired you are to make it. :D
Don't I was in a bad car crash recently :P
hrm... No mention of librarians organizing all the information. That graf must have gotten cut from the post:)
"No" is not an option for me anymore.... write, or die.. and now that I'm free from the result I can do it with a smile...
Wentworth: "We had 3 professors from the University of Texas...testified against the [campus gun] bill...need to abolish tenure."
We have almost 40 shadow sessions scheduled for the new year...are you one of them?
Grilling on a gorgeous fall evening listening to the Decemberists and sipping on a Fall Lager.
ok I'll give you that as long you didnt say cent. ;)
Aww, thank you!
#nobody that matters. RT : Who doesn't know who BJ Raji is?
Can I get some shoutouts?
A rare event, yes, but I still love seeing it. Haha, thanks for the sarcasm though. :)
I think ill just get that bottle and pop it and get three more for the whole team
One of my favorite days of the year
#OnceUponATime love this show
EXCELling. "Organization is the sanity of the mind, the health of the body." -Robert Southey
Congrats on your 6-month anniversary!
You're Welcome!
Excuse me, that's how HE wins immediately and forever. HE. The snowberserker is a man, more or less.
Artist perhaps a big Adams Family fan?
You can lose a lot of Money Chasing after Women, but neva lose women chasing after money. -Blezz Melano-
let me twitter-introduce you to my client - they are FAB caterers - have you worked with them before?
So jeal that jason was dts today :((
have fun watching. Unfortunately the time diff isn't in my favor, because I am still at the office and can't watch the game..
I swear to God I'm going to get lots of packing done...right after I watch Glee.
Your rocking the 80's look?
WHATS GOOD LEMME GET YOUR NUMBER
You should look at the chatroom Damon XD Everyones freaking out waiting for you to go on! We have a countdown going Haha!
miss you bro! work + GF + umpiring
RT : retweet me one more time and I'll kick you so hard in the shin!
What the hell is wrong with you people? Every famous nigga that gets arrested is not Nelson Mandela!
Love it!
Hope 2010 is full of creativity, productivity and success. Happy New Year, everyone!
Opening day!!!!
They should be an option at most of them. You might want to talk to the manager there and see if they've opted out of them.
Hey Mark, NYC Session Drummer Charlie Z here. I just hit up your Facebook with some info. Lemme know if you need me. Thanks!
The 50+yo mom in front of me reading 50 Shades of Grey keeps whispering excerpts of the book in her husbands ear & giggling.
what they look like
im joshin, my whole life rid in on dis shit
Sorry I meant they don't make you look or play games.. they give it to you.
Thanks for your awesomeness at #BBJAdvWomen ; I woke up still inspired today!
Allegro is packed and ready to go --Clarksburg WV Sat 4pm Performance on the Main Stage for the www.wvihf.com --see you all there!
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit. -Albert Schweitzer
A REAL boyfriend knows his girl like the back of his hand. He knows when she's mad, sad, aggravated, happy, hurt, etc. B/C that's HIS girl!
It's a kinda night #Chicago Logan square
The ears of a cricket are located on the front legs, just below the knee
BZ: how do we move beyond a culture in which privacy is enshrined as a value, & toward a culture of openness?
I'm happy your car was finally found (saw it on the news)!!!!!! We were so worried and puzzled how it was stolen :-)
man no cereal! Lol. They just like an appetizer
That's a great stat We'll have to add that to our daily #mobiletrivia!
my <U+2764> skips skips a beat
#FF Our new company: - Free Facebook Skins for your Cover Photo/Timeline - Updated DAILY by MWW Designs!
RT "girl flex, time to have sex"
Do you need more followers, likes, etc? try the site on my profile. It's free promotion . Hey lets follow 4 follow
Tweet of week RT If U can't root for Donald Driver at anything, I don't wanna know U. I'd root for DD in a game of checkers.
not to mention your weekends.
omg its so hot in texas i hate it.. Lololol
Current status : crying in an airport eating sea salt chocolate
Personally, you'd have a hard time convincing me the 7th pick and Beal is any safer than the 12th pick and Rivers. I would pass.
You want attention? Start having respect for the people you "care about so much."
Chalky White in the building Ladies & Gentleman
People with no style.. #DaFuckYouThinkin'
Thanks for the follow! Happy easter
B-B-B-B-B-Bird bird bird, the BIRD IS THE WORD.
THIS JUST MADE MY FREAKING DAY! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I ALMOST DIED....who said that?
Thanks for spending Easter with me & Enjoyed it very much!
Funny or Fub-Duck? J-Lo's new show "Miami Tow" takes away cars of minorities, while she drives around in a new Fiat & sings My Town..
So happy to be celebrating with on her birthday. So excited I even tweeted!
Most of our big resources go into a hotfolder for ingestion. But system also uses jUpload to chunk files, so big ones can go. too.
Thanks Susan, its a labor of love, just having fun creating #apparel design.. It is also an excuse to illustrate :)
La Cofradia for valentines!!! Great menu at $59 per person, only at the best restaurant in Coral Gables
for show
Pushed my lip ring back threw d:
RT Romney "I'm not concerned about the very poor"-6 mill in poverty in Ca (16% of our pop)- 23% of our kids -shame on you Mitt!
A simple hello could lead to a million things<3
hardly believe you put it all on. Ashamed to say I need to lose 50lbs. Let's be depend-a-bil-a-buddies
So many inspiring things here! Getting really excited about launching #BirdyCity! Going to feature Photographs!
Aw, I'm sorry :( But I'm glad they're finally going to Japan! :)
I'm sad to miss it this year too!
Sometimes when I hold my phone for too long my hands fall asleep... I feel like an idiot for saying this..
just wanted to say hi.. how often do you have normal conversations with girls? seems like never so.. hi there!
Grazie Matteo for the delicious pizza appetizer. My family loved it!
I should probs do my 6283639 government definitions.. #thanks !!
RT : Hey Currently not getting emailed notes into my account. Any known issues at the moment? < also just noticed this
How about a win at Wrigley today and a with over the Knicks tonight!
Midge was terrible on #TruBlood as well. "Bring me Sam Merlot!!"
some people are just so nasty its gross
correction: that's what I know :) lol jk
FOLLOW DA HOTTEST PRODUCER IN DA GAME AND MPIYA'S VERY OWN !!!!!! LOOKIN FOR THE HOTTEST TRACKS IN YO CITY WELL SHIT GET AT EM!
Hahahaha that is amazing.
Short game work
Yes, now enjoy your Facebook wall.
thinking about you fam. Hit me up if you need to
TONIGHT DJ Nixx is hosting The Place's first Michael Jackson Dance off Competition!
if U wanna talk to me add me Then We can talk over there<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
No thanks.
Wow...2-0 down to Canada. That means a semi against Mexico is likely, if the US makes it that far. And off a set piece again!
Persistently ignore any thought that says you “can’t do it” and engage thoughts that tell you can!
"A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a drink. The bartender replies, ‘For you, no charge.’”
CITADEL take 2: good stank-riddled psychology while maintaining a rough-n-ready pace that nicely vets the genre bits. Better, ?
I can't floss with braces D;
ok guess you're not talking to me anymore?
you're welcome
hello to u too
i replied that they'd expired cuz i hadn't driven in a year. she looked at me like i'd just sprouted a second head with antennae
This #MCMAP shit is kicking my ass loll i'm sore and tired af!
Str8LykeDes.. Goon to the moon haven't been on earth since last week...
An goal in life is the only fortune worth the finding; and it is not to be found in foreign lands, but in the heart itself...
Those were pretty good!
I awake and Im attacked how does this happen inside the United States????
RT : 70% of buying process (I think this is low) happens online... Are you listening to the conversations?
you should really DM and follow me :)
You will always be my biggest 'what if'......
u still playing AAU?
Doubt OL was all Martz fault : draft course shows how much #Bears think OL is not a problem going into '12 - still thin at LB
I can't say "all the time" without singing it.
What are you doing
"And Then The Girls" by on repeat.
Okay Ron Paul Republicans, you can go back to being Independents now.
Like Chris said, thanks a ton for all your support. Great shots.
*sigh, if only*
It's a sundressy kind of day, I think.
#ItsAmazingHow someone you know for a really long time can turn out to be a stranger..
Waiting for to get home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
If I didn't like you at one point in life. ANT SHIT CHANGED
"Why is she all Christian now? She's not allowed she's a lesbian." *dead silence* "Haha justkidding, JUSTKIDDING!"
Uhh, don't know if anything is set in stone, just excited to see my BFF. Have fun at Disney, you lucky ass!
seriously. All i can do is laugh at this point.
All these girls are acute, but I don't ever know there angel, at the rate that I'm going I might end up being single. -
if you are going to be a player, then you gotta be a pro. you gotta know the difference between a wifey & a hoe.
"I thought he would change and pick" I guess the word GIRLFRIEND didn't hit you for like year? Fuckin dumb ass.
thnx so much to you and rest of for the bubbly. tis the season for sure!
#milwaukee A few things a business needs: HUSTLE to get it done, LOYALTY to be a team and RESPECT to keep going.
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
lol to me they did
i cant, im not wearing black so i have to starve all day lol
Going back to being the old me, I've lost the will to try and change myself
which two?
Starting my new job next Monday; time to update my 'lab' wardrobe into something a lil' more professional.
havent sent out any DMs today or been on here til just now since early this morn. someone else said they got a "weird DM" from me too
Check out Steven Wilson's "Grace for Drowning" if you're looking for some new music! Easily one of the best albums I've heard all year!
Glad to do it!
Yeah, it's kind of great...!
Food for thought: It might be hard to soar like an eagle when ur hanging with a bunch of turkeys...
that's a great place to be! Live it up!
Oh okay, Hi Ashley & the sky Alli...
It feels like Spring to me, here in SF.
Hey today is our shoot! Come to the Conservatory at 1:30p today!! Pizza and beer to those who help us out.
": LA Fakers vs Golden state" lol lakers losing?????
I live 6mins from there!
In a nation of mongoloids, one must learn to keep expectations low.
I love when a pretty woman retweet me! Dam! I feel great!
I can stand my sisters kids when they're around her. They think they can do whatever the hell they want just cuz their momma is here...
#ff - A hot guy who is funny, modest and wrote this status.
.. Your a girl right ??? kuz I was following you but u didnt follow back
funny, I need 2 b more like u. I got on my treadmill today & promised myself several days of rest!
delicious breakfast at Pierrot Gourmet behind the Peninsula Hotel also love RL Grill at the Ralph Lauren Restaurant...
i'm on a mission. but idk where to start.
The nature of morality is both personal and subjective, because of its relationship to... pain.
did u make this a hatched tag!!?! #Cunts haha never seen it until ur ass came on twitter
Glen Campbell tribute is on point. We're all Rhinestone Cowboys.
Can't wait for the
Good luck in your new venture and city.
"Ok girl," I say to myself. "You woke up this morning. But did you rise up?"
Juror #5 is a dingbat
Two bologna sandies and a pint of Dew!
^-^ I love Jonny Craig, he's an amazing singer.
Today we sent responses to the copy editor's queries. Moving swiftly through the publication process! Can anyone recommend a good indexer?
I AM 23 HOW THE FUCK DID THAT HAPPEN
Sorry for all the tweet repeats - fixing a bug
i m praying it will, and that everything will come together again, i know ill be back in the UFC, itll take time
watching doctor who and eating bean dip because nobody's around to complain!
cant wait buddies
a minute? Did you just hear it?
Join us for in person classes starting next Thursday the 19th
It's amazing how often that quote is relevant these days.
Enjoy watching THE BELT next week
I just need to hear you say it with your *sexy* voice, no doubt.
Oh shit, heat lightening!
With #Italian-Pizza-Soups you get all the wonderful flavors of pizza without all the bread!! Pizza lovers will enjoy!!
I'm sure wel will! RT : Who bets we will still have one more snow? This weather is just too good! Living the sun
thats surprising, howve you been though (:
Fuck me alright I hope you eat the last words you said to me.
Pretty good selection at the Penn Station book store. But no university press books.
"The real contest is always between what you've done & what you're capable of doing. You measure yourself against yourself & nobody else."
Some days you're the dog; some days you're the hydrant. Which are you today?
How many innocent people do you know that were unjustifiably killed by anyone? It is dangerous to walk alone at night.
Nice singing gig at the Dance Alloy's 35th Party tonight! Beautiful bunch of people came out to celebrate!
Getting ready for some #Brewers baseball!!!
I just want to pay someone to do it for me...so I can finish my website & next post & stop having anxiety. HELP.
When are you back in the office? I have a wonderful book on CHIA I think you'd be into. lol Hot off the presses.
Thanks for buying out album. I am the one who plays the ocarina part in the CD. I hope you like it.
Omw to 24hr fitness on my bday lol Gotta make sure I look good in my birthday suit this weekend!!!
Aaahhh I see =) happy to hear it was great though, sounds like you had fun!!
& other Virginia Congressmen
thanks for following, it won't let me follow you back?
Someone should remind Jill, that being an American our judicial system is innocent until proven guilty.
Buy a man a beer and he wastes an hour. Teach a man to brew and he wastes lifetime. -Gordy from ABC Warehouse
RT : I'm looking forward to trying 2nite aka "the no hangover vodka from Spain" Let's see how I wake up 2morrow morn.
There is a culture of linked data and mashups online. Put your stuff out there and let's see what happens.
My nipples been hard for 5 straight minutes.
We need to get jg mixtape together asap. feel me
u said that!
AH! Feeling like new!
thanks for the #FF. Like the #DayEarly touch too.
wishing I had #HBO right about now so I could be watching
Meet at hollywood studio today!!! Class act!!!
cleaning and (most) laundry done. running errands, make dinner, then watching #MadisonCounty from ! Looks awesome!
I hope rondo goes off tonight
Yay loosing followers
I know man and everyone hopped on #Aubarn's retarded boat when Cam won the Heisman. Where did they all go last year?!!?
Every dude aint the same ,you jus attract the same type of lames.
Thank you!! Hope to see you soon!
Reminder: Buy your WSU DECA shirts! Just $12! See Dr P.
Look for pictures of my new 26" BD coming soon...
Congrats #Cardinals. Y'all played better and deserved to win.
Hi Danny!
gained so much respect for you when you were on Apprentice. What in the world happened to that show? U R A class act! Mean it
Cinco de mayo + supermoon + Saturday night =
Sew in clip or patch label on the sleeve and bottom hem of the shirt we can do it.
I dunno about everyone else, but I'm a damn nice and friendly person till someone mistakes kindness for weakness. Then im vicious x_x
I love listening to people's dream.
let us know how it is. Sounds interesting.
Thanks for the RT! Have a great day!
longest line for pickles I ever did see
Why the hell's the proof in the pudding?
Join Elate for Mother's Day ~ We'll be featured our weekend brunch with a buffet style pastries/cheese table + $20 bottomless mimosas
May this message bring with it a moment of reflection of just how good life can be, a remembrance of an encounter with the holy & divine.
Let's go #Royals!!!
u guys are jealous cause your studios dont have kick ass futons!
Woa Matt Bonner wears New Balance bball sneakers? I didnt even know they still made bball kicks
we hope you had a great time! Come again soon.
RT : I am slick thinking bout going Halle Berry short with my hair what do y'all think?- yes!
Relaxing and preparing myself for work next week. #Thankful &
It doesn't look tasty but once I tried it, I'm impressed,
Back from my amazing trip! I will miss you Turks and Caicos! Fell in love with the beaches, locals and the potcakes!
oh so I guess you mad? Haha next round Pacers will get the W again lol
its cool, nothing i use everyday tho
That's why Kelly is my girl!
I love that. It's so true too.
In Starbucks with a pumpkin spice latte and #shelbylynne is playing on the speakers: perfect afternoon pick me up!
Good morning <3
So tired
my mom was like "aw i like that sexy bitch there" and she points at a picture of me!;)
she said that he may have returned to Paris to bury his mother who had been a widow for a decade
Loving others 1st is how to make a difference...
but little sips of online connection do not displace the gulps of offline conversation.
Email for a special offer on #magiccookie and more for following us during the #dwts14 premier tonight!
Its going to be a wild party! Can't wait!
congratz! Looking forward to checking it out.
I swear I love w/ all my heart. Nigga's like a big brother to me, tbh. <U+2665>
do a bunch of prank calls ? omgg if you called me I would be like HSJFUHEIDNCJ *le dead* (;
Aight I'm out, I need some rest, everyone have a good night. Sweet erotic dreams. ;)
Then tomorrow (x I don't wanna wake people up lol
what's up with all these bitches with auburn/red hair, you all look like clones.
": It was good to see this evening as well as " great to see u preacher!
For what?
RT : Why can't #Oomf Just Be Mine ?
#DeAngelis, Petty Magic, Being the Memoirs & Confessions of Miss Evelyn Harbinger, Temptress&Troublemaker. Not as cotton candy as the title
"Gigante", about a night security guard in Uruguay obsessed w/ one of the night cleaners; and "Ander", a Basque Brokeback Farm type story.
Lookout! #DaBears are "Shuffling" through.
Hi, Tracy!
Did you try counting Dove awards?
M u know it "baby" lol ;)
yes! if I were to say hi to you, I'd say kate. but obviously, i'm totally flexible on that.
a Snook is Snook enough! What did you catch it on?
he said that if you have an appointment that conflicts with the game, you're excused.
It's time for Happy Hour Cofradia
i'm still unclear on that ! anybody know??
: please don't sweep me off and out. :D
I'm on the Printz committee, how can I help? :-)
what's the rule about tipping if you're just doing takeout at a restaurant?
AND just got a call saying the baby won a prize from southparks trick or treat yesterday!! Having a good morning :)
u up to early!
whats your boos age? and three interests of his? and boo bear will hook it up!
yum! Wish I was there...
YOU are Incredible. YOU are Incredible. Give YOURSELF Props.
I wanna look at naked people with Luly.
thought the same thing when I heard that story on NPR about the new French President's swearing-in
I thank U should give., new nite cause he gave you Education that Byron,s job
RT : "Theres a real win-win case when you engage with the community." Andrea Taylor
To 'like' your own status, is like highfiving yourself in public.
This RT : The other way with authority.
I just want to be able to browse a continuously updating archive of all the images Nasa produces every day. Does this exist?
“: Just fiinished reading Game Change - great book!”
it always happens to me. And it stinks. It really stinks.
how can I not, knowing I will be at later today?
Glad you enjoyed it. Was v interesting to research.
Correction: Someone blocked ME; logged in w/ another acct I own & I can see her tweets just fine. :P
Kick-ass dude!
This has been the most interesting study hall. Santa Clause 2, Raising Hope, The Office, & The Addams Family (: #Christmas <U+E448><U+E033><U+E022><U+E32B><U+E048>
sounds tasty
That sounds like more pay cuts for public workers to me!!!!
Sounds like the ultimate experience! RT Triple screen in action- #Indians game on the iPad, #Rangers game on TV and laptop for Twitter
Us either. We've been planning this for a while. Hope to see you there!
trying to find info on who does interior landscaping (plantscaping) here in Cville
bout to go to sleep. tired. very tired
great to connect with you Cletus
Nailed it!
Question on the floor: what city departments (if any) do you feel need to be organized? Why? And how?
In the mood for a thick, juicy, savory steak? Take your taste buds to , our newest link! www.mortons.com M...
“When we are unable to find tranquility within ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere.” Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Scary situation. MT : sources tell they believe the woman on the floor yelling for Kenyon was his old stalker.
What kind of devices did you have the hardest time figuring out how to use?
// thanks guys. Needed encouragement today! Hoping God is pleased and our generation believes. (did I just make a poem?)
#DoinTooMuch the back-up dancers
why are continuing ed classes so much
Should today be a bandana day or no? #nowplaying "Chasing the Sun" by The Wanted
Tonight. Free Workshop. 7 to 9pm. Come see what all your friends are talking about. They're talking about improv. Free improv.
I meant today lol
I'm young...pretty.... and I can't possibly be beat!
Happy #EarthDay! Turn off a light, #eatlocal, take #masstransit Here's to a billion acts of #green!
Rise and grind. Time to start spreading the word about the brand!
Omg, do you know about ? It's a grilled cheese truck, coming in spring. Is it too early to plan a trip??
God's love is not a shallow love; a love that cost nothing. God's love cost Him the suffering and death of His only Son.
God we love your mag!
join 1000 of our friends 4 the BIGGEST Party of the Year 2NITE @ MyHouse (Nightclub). HUGE Bottle Specials + VIP LIST. Reply YES 4 details
WOOHOO! RT : DONE! Just signed up. my girls are very excited.
Reports of suspicious envelope at office of Port of Portland; hazmat responding- on my way to PDX
#Congress: “Please let us keep #afterschool programs. If you took it away from us, where would we go after school?” –Sarah
American Idol "see you in Texas"
Wow really? Today 5 years on Twitter: , , , &
Had. N awesome weekend now talking to him :)
Spring Fling dress, Eyelet Dream dress, Lacey Lullaby dress, Pretty for the Picnic dress.
Great minds think alike! 2012...CAN'T HANDLE
Where's in?
GO FIND NORMAN REEDUS AND TELL HIM I LOVE HIM.
Thanks all for a spectacular 2011 and an even better 2012 I want to thank you for your continued support hope to see all of you very soon.
Just bought a 32gb SD Card' :O dayum that crap was expensive. -.-
just saw your wife!
I walk out of my room to naked girls in the hall lmao..WTF ?? Is going on in my house?? Lol
you like music, so be awesome and follow our clothing endorsers ? Doing big things for local music scenes!
: Love when comes to town, she's been in new York way too long #EXCITED: Luv being in #ATX and seeing my nieces!!
RT : Support today through 10/2 by ordering a burger at our #MissionValley or #KearnyMesa locations.
are you kidding? Consultants charge for daydreams all the time! Not to say that is a good thing… But not uncommon either.
My life is actually a sick joke
hey you piece of shit!
17 organizations & colleges and over 100 students at South Division HS College & Career Fair led by ! Great work team!
Our pleasure! RT : Great tips! Thanks for sharing!
what's your take on Herman Cain's 9-9-9 tax plan? you guys should have him on your radio show
Zrebiec should be in midseason form. He hasn't had a day off in like a year and a half.
When you choke a Smurf what color does it turn?
haha!!! the perils of doing frontend dev work :)
Have made the executive decision to see my mom on Sunday :) it's going to make us both pretty happy
Terasol Wants Its Mini Eiffel Tower Back
“: Thang Of having Family and Friends that has no luv for u...>>>> #WhenItsUrTurnUGoneShine”
a client this morning said the name of my book should be called "Beyond the Plank" Argggg I agree matey!
Nostalgic Sunday...missing my friends....
'Your playing small does not serve the world.... Who are you not to be great!?' - Nelson Mandela
Hahaha, I love my school :)
Tues 145pm Chelsea vs Liverpool - Carling Cup 200pm Arsenal vs Manchester City - Carling Cup 200pm Barcelona vs Rayo Vallecano
i get bored by them, i see them everday
Spice Girls!!!!!
Lebrick or lechoke does it again... you going to take back your Kobe comments now?
yup.....it's been awhile though.
I agree w/RT : RT : #lrnchat Q4) attitude or skills? Skills have a much shorter half-life than attitudes....
Ok, I think I'm finally caught up on all my followers....
"Whatever it takes." I laughed!
What’s the biggest challenge educators face today?
aight just let me know
"Do not forget the covenant I have made with you, and do not worship other gods." 2 Kings 17:38
I'm seriously allergic to something ar work. Maybe work itself. All I know is while there I sneeze my head off. In the real world I'm fine.
Can't wait for 's #newmusic! #BelieveAlbum. #November :)
Could've fooled me..these guys are good.
While geared to a business-oriented audience, the book totally relates to the educ profession too.
No matter how cold your drinks are...the feeling is warm after every sip!
I meant why
Not only was it terrible, it was also "not at all up to your usual standard". So that's something, I guess.
what up my brother, you are my true inspiration and god bless you!! Keep doing your thing!
If only they realized that you were in fact NEVER a child yourself, and that you therefore have standing to bitch.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Breath Remedy Floss Holders and most oral care products.
I think that would be a nice benefit, as long as it didn't interfere with the current student's access to the info resources.
Hello, good morning!
Menchie's Medlock Bridge Thursday’s check in to Facebook on your smart phone and show it to the cashier to receive 15% off your fro yo!
5 o'clock in the morning might be the worst song ever
It's sad to see an old person eating alone at a restaurant. :(
I have bare legs and a little cleav... that's abt as #trampytuesday it gets today.
Thank you! Have a great weekend!
RT : : It's a fake. (Me:"Blinded by the Eco. Wrapped up like a douche, another rumor in the night")
Many of my hastily prepared meals are best described as mélange restante.
I really wanna go to the beach and just lay down on the sand with some good music and some lemonade <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0085>
yes, he should be
Never read her... Where do u recommend me starting? LOVE reading recommendations, so keep them coming! Safe travels!!
yep to GB !
#CBMore what could the Baltimore arts and cultural scene look like in the future?
"Shiny Happy People" is the least appropriate song to be playing in this 99 Cents Only right now...
Weeks and Hart will be difficult/impossible to resign when their contracts are up. We need to use them to re-stock the system.
Indeed it would! Though I would never sleep again.
Just introduced to by a smartypants friend. I feel all kinds of excitement. And pressure to not suck at words. Yes, in general.
I'm so sorry, Dee. I know she was sick the last time we chatted. I was hoping she got better.
SO ROMNEY PLANS TO CUT EDUCATION, AND I ASK, JUST WHAT IS THERE LEFT TO CUT? ARTS, MUSIC, SHOP,HOME EC, COUNSELING ALL CUT & GONE FOR YRS.
Women's TV is so weird.
Data is meaningless - January is the resetting of data from BLS and hardest to come close to getting right
that would be great
and are in #romeoandjuliet w/ CT Free Shakespeare this Summer...bring Bean
Glad to hear you enjoyed it! Thanks for sharing :)
“There can’t be good living where there is not good drinks” HAPPY HOUR....come and get it!
Come on #Bulls just hold on ya'll can do it
remember when lib patrons swore the book had a red cover? we libns are not exempt!
but anyway I think the debates around relationships in games and terms developed to talk about them are really interesting.
Question. Do you have a favorite New Orleans non-profit? If yes, we would love to know what it is.
Thunder is a rich source of loudness. (I SO love this one!).
All good, brother. Wasn't a request as much as it was a quip about 90's music. At least it won't be mmmbop
#Isles acquire def. Yuri Alexandrov from #Bruins for future considerations. Alexandrov now plays in Russia's KHL
OhJeez :) just thinking of the things I would do to Dean ;) so in love with him <3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Hey can you find apostolic clothing check here
Promo event tomorrow. Woohoo!
Union Station in Chicago is a total zoo - nothing like a seething mass of humanity.
Thanks! RT being wished safe travel and success on your endeavors
Good thing, got tha #brewers! Damn them boyz is nice!
yeah, my "dislike" for Stern doesn't have anything to do with the Kings and the deal.
that digital short was so perfect HOW ABOUT USHER?? i saw him a year ago friday :')
MLB has to overturn that call on the perfect game
Mirage 15% off of our best online rates: Mirage "Vegas Starts Here" *An exclusive offer just for you -Receive 15%...
How did everyone like the yoga trial classes last night and this morning?!
Buxom lip gloss is da best.
My mom spends more time on the phone then me. >.<
BIG BLUE NATION.....THE TIME IS NEAR. OUR 8TH. TITLE AWAITS. NERVOUS WITH ANTICIPATION..........
Happy New Year to all! And to all a good night!
and to that I say FYEAH! :D I cant wait hopefully by then I'll have a job to get TeamJonas and get frontRow/meet and greet :)
I'm going to have a Guns N Roses Easter. How can this happen? Because, I want it to.
no I don't know where you can get some at
u cant do that lol thats the problem
"Sense and sensibility, and peaceful productivity, a pretty girl with broken wings is all that I desire." -Andrew Jackson Jihad
I'm tweeting this from my car...don't worry I'm in the passenger seat. It's a bit harder to drive, but it keeps the cops fooled!
Is this really you in the hospital? :-(
Check our dance dare we did for St Patrick's Day by vi
I DONT NEED THIS SHIT TODAY.
Have you been hesitant about ordering Skinny Fiber? GOOD! I want you to be. Now...do me a favor and either log onto your bank account...
Nothing much relaxing but ready to go home it aint nothing like being @ home
thank you thank you!!! “: Congrats on winning 1st prize in the design competition! #WinningDesigner”
it's funny we gave the artists the crayons! Thanks so much, we're so excited!
"I Roll up I roll up whenever u call baby i roll up" ive been listening to this song for like the whole morning
I really wanna be supportive but y'all are wack
Listening to and discuss the Soc Media certificate program at Sounds pretty comprehensive.
Thanks! We're excited for our #newdigs in #Maplewood! Its nice to be back in the city after our suburban stint in at #RIT!
your lyrical rhyme is amazing n crazy!!! ever thought of coming to Indiana?
I lie to myself...just to make it bearable.
I may look calm but in my head I killed you 3 times.
#vaumc11 New church in Farmville called Journey. Don't stop believing.
We're open 4 breakfast. We have sandwiches, salads, pastries & drinks 4 U 101 Stewart. Save the date June 4th: our Cust Appreciation Day
sweet, never got to meet a Ram before. Thanks man!
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear.'
Electronic Enlightenment, who knew? (Clearly not me)
I submitted a retraction request but thought it may be quicker to contact you here. I can't do much about the fact it happened
quite literally just ran past my office.
we are doing the most
The girl working at this coffee shop is kind of cute, so i'm just going to sit here quietly until we're married.
srsly but also ugh i want their job so bad
Took a break to watch QUEST FOR FIRE. It's Ron Perlman's best movie, in my opinion. Now back to work.
It's always nice to consult Her Holiness, the
My coffee isn't very good today. But I'm still drinking it. Without it, my peepers won't stay open.
as a #Poet myself I intimately say like Mary we struggle to find the perfect environment to birth our miracle & gift.
Hey sat june 16 jones beach #leggoo. Unless i jinx it
Off to longisland
Try sleep paralysis sometime. It's happened to me dozens of times and I still eventually get around to freaking out every time.
Who has homes ready to close in time to take advantage of the tax credit? Lennar does!!!! Welcome Home Centers open everyday from 10 to 6
Senate Dems say they voted against state budget conference report because it didn't address funding for projects in NoVa, Hampton Roads.
new band photos taken in Chattanooga on the website media page: www.thenoncommissionedofficers.com (thanks, Conor)
Looking for resources re: Student Centered Learning esp. using Technology
I'm always down for that :)
Although a Kentuckian, I really don't care about a sport controlled by wealthy interests that is a cornerstone of sporting elitism.
"Oh my gosh, I'm selling my Eric tickets & burning his cds"...umm, he already has your money so he prob doesn't care!
i love you, i Always think about how amazing it would be if you followed me, please ill be the happiest i support you so much!
....Sir did not know you were ill....but my best wishes for being back at work and productive. Take care and be safe
Good Morning! It's a cold drizzly day!Good day to stay inside, keep warm & drink hot cocoa. T Gozney Thornton is playing tonight at KC Hall!
I am. You should be used to that by now.
Just measured the amount of water in my trash can and we've had 5" of rain since it was picked up! It rained over an hour before as well!
I could talk to him all night (:
I graduated from Mountainland Applied Technology School today. Now on to the University of Utah. :)
TACO do the WORM #LiveCocoCam!
can you follow me
stop into the lumber office in the back before 4:30 and say hi!
congrats girlie! Better be seeing you out soon! We missed ya at feens bday bash
#RelationshipsEndBecuase of #ThatAnnoyingFeeling you'll just never agree on the best kind of peanut butter
Last presentation for #smwchicago with today: "Pay Me to LIke You" re: FTC disclosure rules at 2:00 today!
... but not in this lifetime.
what our g6 video????
Which is less appropriate in the workplace: flip-flops, or the ternary operator? I'm on the fence.
Wrong again. Israel has the right to defend herself and her civilians targeted by Hamas. What is wrong with you???
Is anyone having difficulty sending direct messages to someone that doesn't follow you?
"Leap, and the net will appear."- John Burroughs
Accidentally typing what you just heard.
just watch the highlight of Lenhart's flop and you'll understand his frustration!!!
good night
sounds good brotha.
Love is all there is
That certain song that makes you cry everytime you hear it..
The VAN PARTY!!! That tops everything in my mind!
Smirnoff marshmallow flavored vodka... No. Gay! Ugh....
Have to say Happy Birthday to one of the greatest actor and movie stars ever...
That sucks. Some hole. I would hate to see what they call a complete teardown!
thanks for the visit this morning on and thanks for the booze! Best of luck to ya, hope to see ya down the road
Thanks for the love ! Things are great!
I was in the same boat. Case of the Fridays.
has the best links, watchu fools talkin 'bout?
did you use real detergent or soap Rile?
Thank you for the #FF :)
Ah Spotify, for all your annoyances you redeemed yourself today by having the John Carter soundtrack.
When does the bottom floor Rim coffeehouse close tonight? #csu2011 I need to print some bowling coupons for my kids. :)
Love is always bestowed as a gift - freely, willingly and without expectation. We don't love to be loved; we love to love. - Leo Buscaglia
Studying these Greek words are simple its the case endings, gender & number that gets hard
Mad Men starts March 25th!!
Happy birthday to !!
was that you on the phone? I mean Legit Nathan??
#nowplaying .. Usher - Scream
martaveous was in there buying him some
#SpyValley named after spy base located near winery.
thanks for spreading the love! :)
Oh, NO WAY. That's cool.
Thanks! One of the benefits of having a large archive to draw from.
Wow, just Noticed the #karaoke scroll. Cool feature.
Fitting that wifi at Quaker school's meeting room is open. Come one, come all.
Yay! I'm in, and you're funded!
Looking for bottle service or guestlist to #Palms? Follow & DM Us for details.
how much did u guys loose by tonight?
ok I'm in Baldwin on my way
yeah I need a virtual assistant
Social Security was a break through in social development for the benefit of all people, it was viable in the past and still just as needed
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. - Jim Ryun
It is cool...but can we use for good and not only for profits?
Yup, I'm on the ALSC ballot for the Caldecott Committee Thanks for your vote!!!
Your twit profile pic brings back bootie sweat memories
yes for sure I was just tired she has been like a big sister to me at least for a week:) she is super sweet
#kids The Zany Dzigns of Diana Z at The ToonSeum, Sat, May 12 10:00a: The exhibit will feature a hidden picture wall for both adults and...
Wish me luck for tomorrow's Mother's day.. *crossed fingers
OH GOD. so they are doing the thing at the concert where they read the tweets from fans! what should we tweet them?!
On the road to Palestine Regional Medical Center today by way of a brief stop at the Madisonville Buccees.
7th Street is getting new street lights! Thanks !
Pedi, massage, and dress shopping. Great 4th!
We never left. You just have to follow harder.
lol I cant wait to get home to get some
RT : Incoming!! RT : How do u justify a 78 million dollar contract w/this type of performance?
#GhostofHarrenhal was a fantastic episode. Arya's storyline in the books is one of my favorites. I'm glad the show is giving it due time.
Getting ready for the sweetheart gala
What's up?
are you shitting me ?<U+E406> come on yall !! shit happens . Forgive me
i'm just stayin consistant with puttn the word out about our label, check us out, lookn forward to seeing you
#atwork today a woman said, "honey, is that your water?" And her husband replied, "That's a candle." Ah stupidity, haha
that was cute tho but i have no idea what ur talking about!
": I can't wait for my mom to see her bday/mother's day gift she is going to love it!! :)" <3
Just saw a guy pee on the side of the street. Awesome
Good practice. Used the Strat. New Wah sounds TREMENDOUS.
The Tuesday but I wish it was Friday grind.
DUDE BARACK OBAMA SAID ITS COOL TO WATCH TWO DUDES MAKE OUT.... GAY!!!!!!!!!!!!
I remember being late to school for the first time cause i was live streaming "a year in the making"...when they were my secret.
I definitely will. I'm trying not to hype myself out, but I'm supremely excited for it.
I will punch you in the taint the next time i see you!
Bye bye Kyle!!! Nice!!
Well stop grabbing my ass and we wouldn't have this problem
Can we take Correia to Goodwill?
Hahaha u know its true anyways im home yay i win
Did you read GRACELING and FIRE first?
Tomato soup. Yum.
if yall dont mind please follow my friends n .. thanks if yhu do ..!!!
your comma placement suggests that we are certain he is male. Too bad, that would have been a REAL headline otherwise.
are you gonna be there?
“: So excited that is going to help me produce the short I've been trying to get done for 2 years!" Yes!
which ones and which do u like best?
Omg i really truly hate when somebody texts or calls and say #WeNeedToTalk man! I think the worst things after that.
always wanted to see game there
God is Good all the time and all the time God is Good.. GM!
Oh look i'm playing four square! I'm at home in hollywood california with ! Foursquare! Yeah!
When you come to a roadblock, take a detour. Barbara Bush / Let's always be looking for a way!
O.O...asdfghjklkjhgf I died
#Actors who are your favorite people to follow on twitter?
Full moon tonite. Who saw that shit. Its big ass shit
On to the next
the Giblin Clan is represented by sis Julie and Bro Chris
Hm, so technically Finland isn't part of Scandinavia, I discovered. Amend that other tweet to "Nordic."
Night First Day Of School 8th grader yay
Just got out of a great meeting with new potential client for redesign/branding, marketing and seo.
Getting excited about our "Brew with the Brewer" events! First up is Sam Adams on April 22nd!
Thanks I will!
I can get used to these late night runs
a bunch r there only for the Joey Votto bobblehead. A lot won't stay for the game. It's probably already on EBay.
We'll get buried in the Criminal Minds Fans cemetery with all the other obsessed fans that died too.
His the king of the south
( ) CONGRATS :) I have loved btr since the first episode!
We did our part. #goacc #uva RT : And the #ACC gets a big win. Virginia takes down No. 15 Michigan, 70-58.
yea exactly, especially listening to music.
Today I'm going to ride bikes with , go to Svensk "Williamsburg", and check out Kaknästornet, the radio tower. Again, hurra!
Everyone please find it in your Heart to donate to the Haitian relief. My family and friends, please be strong and God is still with you.
Can't wait! Loved the Vampire Circus release!
Suck my dragon balls, call me Goku- waka
Brewers/Rangers World Series matchup would have me glued to TV set, Cardinals/Rangers would mean I may not even know when games are on
slacker day.
We were in the bed but our clothes were in the living room...
Frankie fresh fridays
Thanks for #FollowFriday shout out !
My 3 year old son really liked Niki Minaj until she scared the crap out of him tonight.
Hahah no. I just nod and when they ask what I think about you I ask them the same. The girl talk you always hear.
- Found you on Karmalicty.
aw I hate when people get heart broken, but they should listen when they're warned
The #Aztecs game was tough on the bracket... Go #Bearcats!
I love her writing. I'm looking forward to Isla and the Happily Ever After.
#myfavoritemovie any movie that leaves me with the feeling that the world isn't as bad as i thought it was
Bob gets the start today. Feels like a first place day
Hell yea.
Am I gonna waste my time trying this?
Thanks for the love! We popped a link to you guys on our site. Much respect.
Can't wait for Savage U goes to U of O. Hahaha. :)
I'm healthy man, I plot to make my cash expand. . . . Guess I'm not goin to sleep lol
Da definition of community doesn't fit the structure in which we flow as A-As Conformity is how much we can mimic others Monkeyism
Hopefully you are downtown. If you've got a place, you won't need a car. Let me know if you need help with directions/parking.
Nick Swisher is an #Orioles killer. 2-2 O's and
Maybe they serve BBQ ribs often for lunch and you need to clean up. ;-)
#WeWontWorkoutIf You can't trust me.
You know, I think this #SportingKC team is pretty good, you guys. #SKC 3 - 0
Do you think his lovestick can be liberated from his denim prison?
i am feeling terrible, but I need to go home and write some blog posts.
Finally can do the splits all the way down within one day :)
When I win the lottery, I will be hiring you to design my new home. Save me a space on your schedule!
That's why you're steady worrying about what I do.
this explains nothing D:
thanks for the b day wishes :)
Best of luck in Baltimore!
If you do any gift guides, we're happy to be included!!
I'm not trying to start a stampede, but Sara is baking fresh chocolate chip cookies right now!
Looking for good books about Africa or by African writers. Fiction or nonfiction. Any African country. Any recs?
When the writing is stalled, I go up to the attic and break out my saxophone for an hour.
Love this new song that was just sent to us!
Hope everyone is having a great night. Relaxing at home working on some online things. Will continue reading HP. Love Harry :D <3.
Would you be surprised to hear that majority of BigCo's are running a java app on Windows server as guest on Vmware? I was for sure...
Sneaks Up Mixtape Artist.... Last Call for Submissions...get at me if you want on...
Are they the clear ones they're walking around with?
Is he Cal? NO! In the words of the great Matt Jones, Louisville's just Louisville.
#SXSW is so close!
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit. -Vincent Lombardi
In pain ..the knee is killing
Good luck! I voted for you!
I'm back in DC now
Some people have way too much time on their hands...
Having a child has destroyed my fantasy soccer team.
Kentucky will win march madness
The contest deadline is in 11 days! This is all the time you have to SUBMIT! (so do it.)
Sometimes the one you want, is actually the one you’re best without.
I have 3 different sessions open and am logged into 3 different accounts. So. Much. Data.
Underwood, B.o.B. top CD reviews
At the park chillin!!!:)
Meeting with dr lindauer tmrw, hopefully no more back problems in the morning!!
do not mock me! i am a firm believer in nessy :]
Somthinggg I really like So Listen ~~
I was there on Fri too, but found it to be an intriguing kind of learn... realize the Ex-Amish need an idea. #IHaveAnIdea! 32312
Just had an awesome creative development conversation with my writer for Episodes 5 & 6 of my web series, "Temporarily Mary".
so ready to be done with school and make some real money
lets not forget, negativity is what powers my mind and keeps me questioning and thinking.
I loved the article in the NE Journal. We should talk. I am a career coach and business advsior.
OMG...if my cat sneezes on me one more time...
Hey I just met you & this is crazy, but here's my number so call me maybe.
Kilimanjaro is on my short list. Very jealous. Have a blast!
Dreams come true or you become them. :)
I need a sign
what are y'all doing tonight?
: #teamtomp takeover! is not a rap group. Its a movement. U don't have to be frm the south. Or a boy. Just wild! ...
Thank you sweetie
good times right? today was so messed up i dont want2 see another amusement park in a while. just thinkin of it makes me sick
Taking hoes to longhorn again? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0> RT : Ayo I'm not stayin in the crib 2night I'm trickin ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Bringing families together! That's great :)
thanks for the follow! If you're in the Charlotte area, you should enter our Twitter contest! :)
somethings dont work out the way we plan.. but doors are still open for the future. our time will come!
I've got a long way to go...
thanks for the follow. I look forward to your tweets.
I'm so excited!
6yo niece was in The Nutcracker last weekend. Last night she wanted to pretend she was doing Arabian & wanted me to be her dance partner.
"Have a day worth writing about." Julie Anne Wight
Greetings to my mighty army of Followers! (Both of you!) Today we conquer the world! Um, one of you start, I'll be right behind you...
Thanks intuit go your .25 taco promo! Didn't know your square like product existed!
haha when do you come home??
Distracted driving crackdown starts today. Tune in at 7:30 on the for details.
Of course! We hope all's well in London.
you are an amazing person for what you are doing. We will see you later with some toys.
With me all the way in Math. :)
her fiancé is joe dert. I think he's a DJ?
Havin so much fun we went to dave and busters now we at the hotel and evrybodi but me and alexis r swimmin
1 more month of all this nonsense...I will be so glad when the marathon is over.
Watching #HowToTrainYourDragon for about the 5th time. Love it!!
timmy: 4th straight ASG win. big z: 108.8 mph slapper & the gwg today. seigs: best assist of the game. just another day for the killer B's!
Suh needs anger management!!!
will be updating the website this morning. Stay tuned!
Reading comments on my paper, & the first sentence appears to be, "This is very good fried nun." That can't be right.
bought the tickets a couple weeks ago..didn't occur to me it might be BASHH night
What did I do at bus stops before my iPod and smartphone? Oh right, books.
i still have no clue who he is -.-
Know a card trick and you will be a kids bestfriend.
Guidelines from Perl Best Practices embedded in perlcritic tool
This is my first tweet!
I wore one to my last interview and got the job.
Herbert Spencer~ Life is the continuous adjustment of internal relations to external relations.
RT: Grateful Tops opens stores in the city and undeserved areas. Lake Ave. a nice store. Me: Agreed, near my home & go often.
TEDTalks on Netflix!
Senior people offer wiser and farther-sighted views, although not always. this is not Chinese culture. It is HUMAN culture.
Life is a lesson you’ll learn it when you’re through
The kids at my school love to #kidnap people.... :)
All y'all shirtless niggas on here just yelling "I don't get no pussy",it's a damn shame to see niggas just as thirsty as hoes be
The avalanche of Portuguese spam does offeer one small benefit...it takes less time to scan and delete than the English kind.
The game is ma' wife. It demands loyalty and responsibility and it gives me back fulfillment and peace
when do your classes end?
so you're in Houston?
RT Word on the street is you are an awesome Expert Author! Keep it up by submitting your next quality article today.
RT : and it should be "sharing" in the full sense; not just putting info out there but hearing reactions/responses/challenges
tell him when he scores in the nfl, let him try that leap! You can compare.
Lakeshow for the win take that Boston Kobe doing work 24 on the shirt
finals week can kiss my ass, i hate it more than anything.
Been good! We never text :(
so am I but I don't see you
Too funny! Far out works much better!
How do mites cause seizures in guinea pigs? Is that true for other small animals as well?
“: Everyone in NYC should go try the food at my new restaurant RYU in the meat packing district” go everyone!!
4 movies down! I honestly thought this would be harder, but being American I feel like I have been training all my life for this.
Lmao oh well I think he's adorable.. key word, "adorable".. I wouldn't call em handsome lol
Oh forgodness sake, fix the pix thing...grrr
Ready for this day to be over
Mr. Johnson just named all the members of One Direction. Why is my AP Lit teacher the best?
Enjoying a day at Purdue University with my son!
Had a blast playing at the Blue Note last night. Thanks to Pcorn for hiring me and to everyone who came out!
10 min so im early good afternoon world
Sad. Dizzy. Confused, Want to yell...
On days when you can laugh about it, it is. (At least there aren't as many truck nuts here as back home. NC for the win!)
I know you are and lucky i only have REDBULL
I was really looking forward to the doc, but if you not blessing it, it has now been removed from the 'must see' list
#quickbooksonline is down again today, better start writing my hours down.
Im mad , Fortune would be coming out in a few days ! Now we have to wait ..
Waiting for my bubs to get home
Um, Orton was released. Not traded...
RIP Dick Clark
Oh noes, I went and did it again, got myself hooked on another cancelled TV show via Netflix...
Have you tried those cookies yet? Delicious! I might have had one right before bed last night. ;-)
absolutely, send a note when ready
#Casting... Swamp Wars - Animal Planet Series. 15 yr. old male. Tuesday. Miami. $100. E-mail headshot & resume to
Good morning!!! Fresh brewed House and Mocha Java this morning. It's supposed to rain here in IHB, so come in and and grab a cup!
you impress me more and more each day is one lucky man x :)) x
I'm circulating letter to among House Members backing #ElizabethWarren recess appt. - 65 sigs & counting!
Started my first #SilverLight app last night to replace a flash on my company's website. Surprised at how easy it is so far.
fwiw ill never take something like this the wrong way. you're entitled to your own opinion as am i. ill b in florida gl2u2
Flipcups.com now has the new ice booze!! Make your won Ice Luge at home, Great for parties and BBQ's
just speaking out Loud I see you heard me<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F>
Out having some drinks
1st speaker Prof. Dame Athene Donald of Royal Society is worried about the high percentage of students who do no maths post-16
did somebody have to point that out to you?
Haha! And thanks for correcting my typo in your RT!
What is its blizzard!! I habent seen snow like this since the early 90's
This Saturday, I'll be on a panel at the Midwest Sociological Society's annual mtg in Minneapolis, speaking about book publishing.
I set fire... To the rain... Cuz rain's made of, gasolaaaane.
Did you know that there are 56 licensed wineries in Maryland? It was wonderful volunteering at the Maryland Wine Festival. Stat via
You probably don’t want to taste concentrated Resveratrol, but capsules pair well with a multi-vitamin and Omega-3
Incline Front Grand Cherokee Bumper WJ: via
Writerly thought for this morning: "Everyone makes a living by selling something." --Robert Louis Stevenson
Leona Lewis singing Snow Patrol on #xfactor. Classic. Love Snow Patrol!
There is an Apple Store in the mall now!!
Seperating out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Im so sad bout Forwood :( I still cant believe what happened with all that.
Time for Turbo Kick Training! 8 hours...here we go!!! What are your plans for this beautiful Saturday?
Want a QR code to link to your business' Page? Just paste the URL at goo.gl then click Details>>. Copy/Print and post! Viola.
girls get reported all the time. My Xbox rep is 20% disruptive, 10% aggressive & 30% unsporting. Funny since I rarely talk
Coffee me ASAP.
My Dad says he can come over whenever <U+30C4>
Spotting Adam Duritz in the apple store has made listen to Miami on repeat. I love you Mr Duritz.
Wants to know who fed #Gizmo (aka paperwork) to make it keep multiplying every time I leave my desk.
what happened? I have bad hiccups now too...
That's the last time I let a crow dance on my face. I can't get his footprints off.
Food treats are rewarding in so many ways
I'm trying to be good
Soon hopefully me and my boys & Well be jamming on a regular to get r band off the floor.. and into ur faces!!
can't wait to hear all about when I'm in NC next week
Do you prefer following us on Twitter or Facebook? Right now it appears to be the latter.
I'll find out soon!! Haha actually Sheila lives there...
you'll appreciate my last tweet
My school <<<
you betta rock that freestyle!! heck yeah next week!!
Tip of the day: Upload a picture of your storefront to your business listings to make it easier for customers to find your business IRL.
Shaq to the Celtics?!?! First Celtics game of the season against the Heat! This is looking like it will be an interesting season
RT : “: new girlfran?” Harry? A girlfriend? Girl you funnayyyyy
oh well
hows everyone doing? :)
eah it's not for everyone. I could care less if you are or not
you looked like a super hero las night with that dunk
Party like it's 1997
Very funny! :)
#frozenstrawberrylemonade was invented by !
They have computers, and they may have other weapons of mass destruction.
Thank you for the follow. We are getting killed here in Miami with tolls.
ya mikey followed! im so happy now :)
wow i really need to start using twitter
C'mon! Whatchu Got To Lose?
it amazes me how close the Miis get to the real grandparents!
You are far too kind!
#BigTimeLA when big time rush rock I'm roll, I'm losing controlled :D
Defense argues government started investigating alleged Christmas tree bomber in 2008. Mohamed Mohamud would have been 17 years old
How did you guess?
Chimera graduated from spearing Marchand to headhunting Chara pretty quickly, no?
I DMed - let me know what info you need
I'm like a nun how I neva give a fuck.
eggs oatmeal !!!
just gave GREAT insight, advice and motivation for entrepreneurs 'everything I did was left for dead at some point'
See, you're sensitive cause you ain't able to eat no chocolate....LMAO!
I am loading instagram right now now so be patient with my texts
had another organizing client want to set up their bathroom like the
loll i got into an argument and the girl kept talking shit after, and everybody was trynna soup me up to fight her
just listened to your cover of "Daughters" and it was reallyfuckin good. so many ppl butcher that song but ur version was tight!
you already cuffed soft ass n
hi again!
: Ha ha! You know me best! Could u imagine the REAL ME at a business luncheon!! Hahahaha
shit its up to vernon
wish I could go with my fave geeks.
any cop with a hot daughter deserves the inevitable fact that I will at some point penetrate them.
Toddler Little Scarecrow Costume
Who's game MVP? Davis, Lamb, Kidd Gill?
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Ii Kept Searching Games Like It Was Facebook!
Do you put FreeBSD itself on a ZFS-formatted drive or is that just for user data?
Why must white people put trash on trash on trash in their cars?!?!
Only positive thing about taking AP art is getting to sleep in today
Friday Humor: "My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil." - Paul Getty
Wow! RT : HERB WELCH!
#dodgers acquire #podsednik aka juan pierre
It's never too early to plan your weekend and buy tickets for #MySinatra!
(we have always been partial to blondes...even tho we are Italian.)
so nervous
...Sad I'm flying, opposed to driving a car with all these cool, cheap antiques I could buy. Not sad I'm leaving Kansas. Just to clarify.
Exactly especially if they all dress like the polygamist. It will probably he boring & full of old ass men chasing arund lil girls
I've been using it since Nov 08 when it came out
We might have ;)
who loves doing #laundry? Raise your hand then put it down because your lying! Lol
Sitting in a mandatory county first responder meeting. Z
Gotta get my hands on one!
Thank you so much for the generous software donation!
Hate when I update a app then I don't know how to use it anymore.
says they let go for making a contribution to a political party, but here's , still dancing with Rove
Thanks! I'm glad you like it and that it works for you.
Let's hope I'm winning by this evening. See y'all in Dallas for our connecting flight. xo
Happy Monday, do something that you've been meaning to get done today
Thanks! Look forward to seeing the New Mexico Amigos + Gov. Martinez out on the East Coast.
If someone doesn't have reception they will not see your missed call. Always leave a message or send a Text.
Margarita's or Martini's??
to excited!!!!
It's gonna be a long day full of appointments. Someone make sure I stay awaZZzzzzzzz...
Sorry about that! How about right AND free next time? Send me a DM?
last in the country in jobs, yet idiots will still vote for this moron. Now I see why the want to cut education. Votes
Omg, Jeydon...the plate over the cup? Hahahaha
“: #MentionTo your friend who cant stop listening to Justin Bieber's Boyfriend.” me &
the air is full of ideas at #hcil. it's also full of moisture.
I dare you to favorite this tweet! ;)
very true...unless of course the passive aggressivness results in a post on passive aggressivenotes.com :)
Last nights episode of Criminal Minds was a sad one. It was hard seeing JJ leave, and poor spencer and Garcia! I cried at the end!
Where is at?
Thanks for following
I Like Wearing Suits
Sitting next to 2 guys at a bar. The 3rd friend shows up with his girlfriend.
Confirmation dinner..
thanks for the mention!
so is that it? no more Austream :(?
I am a spaz huh? Miss u!!
Strasbourg FTW! ;)
Bout to hit these weights again.. I'm on one!!! Operation get huff is on and poppin!!!
Want Johnny Rocker & The High Rollers at your event? Email the band at !
Dude, you aren't picking up your phone!!!
#someoneiwanttomeet see you in December!!
Any chance Watson, E. Moore, and Cameron knock Alex Smith off the roster?
Everythang is just GUCCI!!!!
Nice job, #TSA, doing a full pat-down of my 92 year old father. Yeah, he's clearly a fucking terrorist. Assholes!
here's a fun fact, that's an old fackin song from Philadelphia Eagles 3 the mixtape that meek released about a month ago
Good one! Thanks :)
This teacher is jammin
I want what's best for me. That's all I can think about. Nothing more! Nothing less. I'm ready to eat Lyrically
Nice! And I need to make more myself!
you are learning something I learned years ago haha
can't wait to see more of it also :D keep on making beautiful art !
Yeah man. It should be fun!
you're happy, i'm happy
Do you know how much your company is worth? Reputation value? Replacement Value? How much would you lose if you were closed for a week?
I can add new and true chapters to my story anytime I can be fearless.
I want to punch my brother in the junk.
Thank you very much! There will be more.
Hello Savvy interns!
At some point, all problems can be boiled down to a Vim macro.
How's the week going? Any other trouble with your #wordpress site?
<U+25CA> Believe what you'd like, but unless I had AIDS I could NOT struggle at 400K
email me citations. If I we have access I can email you articles. Librarian powers. :)
No. That title belongs to #Ronaldo... CR7
Kick his ass to the #curb! Lol
- Nice article in Pollstar!
I've read an argument that it's hard to write in suspense with cell phones, b/c suspense comes from miscommunication.
we have a tool for you to screen your properties for environmental risks before having to ask your lender!
Happy Birthday!!! :D
Good job Fishy - that's your new nickname
“You're the same #today as you'll be in five yrs except for the people you meet and the #books you #read.” - Charlie "Tremendous" Jones
*clears throat*
LOL MINES WERE GOING OFF AT THE SAME TIME LOL
we do! What type of snare?
STEWIE JUST SAID THAT!!
The winners in history were forever consistent in their pursuit of purpose to realize the inspired vision in their hearts!
thanks for the list! It's time to make my way outside of Philly a little bit more...
God fucken night,!
too much work !
Thank you for this hilarious mental image!
Happy birthday to Me!!!!!! Hehehe
Wake does understand their game is tonight right?
It's Death! I recognize him from 40th birthday cards!
What are you putting off taking action on? Is it your finances, your relationships, your health and fitness? I'd like to know.
RT #if you love your mom
yes! SoCal Fig tree.
I just saw c':
Trusting someone who has hurt you before is like gambling even though you know you're going to lose everything.
Haha really, if see wants to see annoying and fake tell her to watch the kardashian's.
"I'm no longer searching for who I am. I know who I am, and that never changes. I listen more so I learn more and I'm better because of it."
nice work, lady!!
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye. Helen Keller
how come you're not following me bhabi gee :)
finally done with spanish forever. that final wasn't too horrible, but I am just so happy to be done!! yay! :)
I'll IM you, on facebook . d;
So I was wondering if you knew this one guy name Niall Horan! If not let me tell you more. This guys is freaking awesome!!!!
So, wait - someone (in this case, you) still uses the cafeteria? That's the buried lede.
People don't care about the color of Serato vinyl, but DJs still do. You can send me those extra white ones you're not using!
Do you still have the video? Txt me plzzzz!
Is Cropicana opening this year? The web site is down and last year they opened on Cinco de Mayo, but haven't heard anything this year...
i can't find the circiles!
finding friends on twitter
. That disclaimer does not appear on Begel's column. How are we supposed to know he's a freelancer and not staff?
thanks so much! i feel very honored!
i be feelin old as hell when i get out of bed
My eyes are getting heavy
tested new mono order form;worked on DDA processing kinks;verified spec orders $ & availability;considered revamping claiming
please follow me??? It would make my day better :)
Yes, ur friend is bald now. I have update my FB and send u a pic.
Rain = Free car wash day
lmao Stephanie tanner. Way to show your age.
#PopularInThe90s Skelly on the blacktop..milk tops was the best hands down
The longer I'm alone, the faster I forget I have purpose, ability, and people who love me.
You're very welcome!
Haha not true!
Np meek mill Amen
My day started rough, but is finishing so good!
Think I've had too much sugar and coffee
Not as great as Shadow, but then again what could be? Still enjoyable.
whats the other one?
Some people are so weird/crazy
Giggs you couldn't do ONE good thing for Manchester with your balls?
I agree. He was only 43. It's not about his politics. RIP
not tonight, but tomorrow! Sorry!!
Am I Weird ??
I love you. Real or not real? Real. <3
I have Cox cable. They suck!!! We have a new district, and it's mostly blue. My district is evenly split
OMG mine to<333333 :D
If last night's sox game was the world cup they would have played HR Derby after the 11th, right?
t-minus 2 weeks. :)
Is white noise the soundtrack? Hot.
thinks that men are like laxatives. They are designed to irritate the crap out of you and taste better with chocolate.
Speak now or forever hold your peace...
Life is dull only to dull people.
Suck it Yip
hi Terry!!! Yes I'm pretty quiet when it's Yankees off season ;)
Sure thing.
hey bulldog - yeah buddy :-)
I'm seriously done fighting with everyone, this is getting ridiculous.
k im done! Have a good day sir and u as well B <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
#firstworldproblems but happy for you duh!
lmao RT : he want to act like he is... I bet Yogi bear still in the same section... LOL.. Ah boo boo
Thanks for the great work you are doing to protect our most valuable natural resource.
Let it fall like rain, from my eyes
If he's on Twitter, you just did! (time to update your resume!)
We were just at the same event, and I read your twitter bio. I am really into palmistry. Would love to talk w/ you about it sometime.
Had a wonderful time running for on Saturday. It almost felt like being home in DC with all the GLBTQ love and support!
Want jersey signed by Ray Lewis?Buy grape slush& win chance 4 jersey/proceeds 2 Ray's Foundation/Winner announcd facebook@ SuprBwl 1/2time
Your AVI is hot too friend! “: #ILoveYourAVI”
whatever u say coz that's what u love to do right?? Am not surprised give me your. Best shots of abuses I will take them in :)
Gonna get myself ready to see , , , and in concert in more than a month away!!!!
Anyone using ? What are your thoughts?
Happy holidays to my family, friends, supporters & followers!
“: I think #ImTheOnlyPerson in the world that cares about the right and left on the headphones! Lol” Yes you are :)
who wants free meth
then we played STD Roulette
Best friends share a meal in the desert; Guy with beard betrays; Prostitute helps; Friend believed dead for 2 days...
It's days like this that make me glad I work from home most of the time.
Starting to see more and more students walking around with a copy of 'The Grace of Silence' in their hands.. Love it!
umm - I'M COMING
I am in chicago and my balls hurt. Thank god its not my balls.
Yes yes and yes.
I didn't for a while, you're usually saying stuff about games or some techie geeky stuff. You'll be bored with my cycling stuff....
Off to the city for an audition, the having some good drinks with some great friends tonight. Everyone have a wonderful weekend!
didn't you get my smoke signal? Congratulations!
Schools and offices will be closed Friday, April 6 for Easter. Have a great weekend!
a bit harsh if u ask me
I never had a head or stomach for wine. Instant hangover after 1 glass.
TheMoreUmakeMeSee? SONG OF THE DAY THE CLOSER I GET TO YOU, Roberta Flack
a;lskdjf You know what's attractive on a guy? When they get a haircut. :o it's just so... alskdfja;ksdfj ;D lol!
U FREAKING SCAVANGER! (IN MY ERICA VOICE)
ITS 11:11 MAKE A WISH!
We have much to discuss; using similar educational approaches
Fuck you you fuckin weisle that shit happens to me to I don't do it, so Fuck you piece of shit, I don't want to follow your lam
I wonder . . . , will you fund my PhD if I promise to study Juggalos? I promise I'll do right by the Hatchet Family.
Good Morning... come to Sunrise Yoga at 6:30am with It's better than that cup of java:-)
Good plans shape good decisions. That’s why good planning helps to make elusive dreams come true. ~Lester R. Bittel
What has been your crowning moment in life?
#Sagittarius MB guy of the day: Prodigy
why not draft sunshine legislation-yearly notification "U have right to opt out. Here is the annual cost of testing in district"
i really wanna get to 600 tweets.
it's over. Just give them the Division. LaRussa is a genius...I don't know how he does it year after year...
Karma is a fucking bitch, and you deserved it.
seriously tho, how does not go on tweet limit ever?! he retweets like 100 tweets a minute. twitter must have bieberfever ;)
I do?
Unfortunately she didn't! :(
Just me..Wishing Everyone a Happy Tuesday :)
More vets are surviving injuries but what does this mean for quality of life as they age?
That is an excellent choice. I still think Doug's band had the best song with "Banging on the Trashcan"
The are in the playoffs!!! Woohoo!!!! Let's get that 3 seed boys!
just anyone? I wouldn't do that to you lol
FREE advertising for Indy deals we r featuring FREE deals postings, Twitter n FB posts for a limited time!..Email
eav in Eric
RT : I'll be there with & - I can't wait to get geeky!
A ring-tailed emu, then?
happy birthday!
I told my mom I don't wanna go to work and she turns my lights off and shuts the door... z
": Happy Thanksgiving everyone!" / You too, big O.
Was this close to singing outloud. Consider yourself lucky.
Awesome! I brought a bean bag outside and decided to work here.
u got me thinking twice just to breath . i no longer need yo attention to breath addeessee ..
Best cast on #dwts in a long time. So fun tonight!
WWII vet George Newton, in DC with Honor Flight, goes to Vietnam Memorial to find his son's name on The Wall.
Thanks Jax. Stu you were a youngin when JH was in HS which is when I started following him. Phenom.
would love to make it happen, lets connect
When boys hug you and you can feel their hard, warm chest against your chest.
sorry maybe you are the wrong person
looked great IMO
Congrats! So pretty much zero sugar ever?
Just found out that I tore two of my ac joint muscles..
Coffee, and then pretending to sing, and then UCLA for Relay For Life
Roger Federer Talks About Longevity on Tour Roger Federer seems to have been on tour forever. Recently he sat down to talk about longevit
It's ironic how many people use the Bible to defend homophobia. Something so good to defend something so evil.
how did you get that gig? Does it pay well?
RT : Amendment 1 passes in North Carolina. via AP
Good Morning wonderful people. A little chilly here in NY but it's better than rain or snow.
I lasted 19 days w/o getting on Twitter
thank you calie
iM HARD-HEADED DOE
I dont know bout me but I know about you. so say hello to falsetto in 3... 2... swag. perfect lyrics
Gym here we go ! , happy hump day peeps , Pics finally edited , coming up soon ..
you got a good eye lois... man that is just creepy the way that thing looks at us.
A big thank you to everybody for your hard work and support. We remain hopeful!
Do you need a reputable prescreened contact in any business ? Don't hesitate to contact us at www.bcncontacts.com
nah. He's part of the bread and butter of the plot line. They've taken too long to redevelop it. If Arizona goes, Karev stays.
ICONic Boyz please follow me 4 my b day or pretty please Nick Mara please give me a shout out b 4 saturday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for the sweet retweet, Maggie! So glad to see you at #BkSq for on Tuesday.
Girls at bars are super annoying. "Like omg omg like hi whaat?"
When are you going? Tonight?
Today is the Election for Austin City Council. Please go out and vote for common sense by voting for Kris Bailey (me).
Always wonder what and s reactions r when they get all these nuce tweets lol. Jw:/ haha
Aww, I'm so glad you like the journey journal! It was so nice meeting you too!
Pretty new profile pic.
wish I could. I'm soaking up the sun in fla! Have a blast!
I'm gonna eat ur dick off sailor moon! Lezbehonest!
Do I want to follow Blue Ivy on Twitter? She's an infant, I don't think she is capable of tweeting...
For not really liking apples, I could eat Jazz apples all day long. Yum!
Who was he in Darke And Josh?
I MISSED IT!:(
This chick hit me up talking about "come stay with me"... Bitch ain't you pregnant?!
cool, not a problem. Check you DM
me too!
Sorry, Ariana, I Haven't be on in a very since last tuesday! Ive been SO Busy!
Thanks to and for helping me to 100 followers. Love my new PLN. Learning much
Also, this study doesn't take into account the many hours teachers work outside their classrooms w/out OT compensation.
Had an amazing night with ((((:
Have you liked LovingLocal OKC on Facebook yet? We'd sure appreciate the support! www.facebook.com/lovinglocalokc
wow, would LOVE a Greenbuild pass! Will stop by booth. Aiming to see San Fran!
In a photo collecting mood? Come to our photojournalism auction at Christie's on Tuesday. Amazing prints on sale + photographers
please dont mind the bad quality <3
Grief is about remembering
Just looking to squeeze six out of Wolf
awesome! See you then!
. points out that the sciences came from the humanities, and the humanities looked like data modeling for centuries
It's hard to understand a person who travels miles to admire scenery,then litters it with garbage.
call my mom when u wake up cuz even if u don't go to mass u can come c the hall...if u want
The book of Ezekiel gives you a lot of interpretive options. Being unaffected is absolutely not among them.
Enjoy some ICE COLD beers or some great Italian Margs during Trivia tonight! WIn some prizes and stay cool doing it!!
Picking up or dropping off?
no they lost a lot of episodes in the early 90's but they show clips of it every now and then
Creepy UPS dude: stop hovering around my desk every time you come in. I DON'T have anything for you.
#DASER Rothenberg "those blue spoons were placed there by a male bowerbird, creating a bower, a structure to attract female bowerbirds."
Santorum said he has a 3yr old he "doesnt take out much" Hes not talking about that fetus is he? they were supposed to take that back...
I'll miss the state quite a bit; especially Keeneland and Derby week
Dam alright lemme me know if you need help I've been working out a lot lately lol ;)
Great everyone of the taco's are crushed to shit. Yeah.
I'm talking.. I'm not flirting :)
today I lost my mood ring. and now I don't know how I feel about it.
Rock 'n Roll sushi sounds fun!
Kings of the Pages: Comic Strips and Culture 1895—1950 - Baltimore City Paper
An oppo shot for Adam Dunn!
: Uh oh! Where'd the USC love go?!?!
I know I'm almost home once I see Cabella's...
only if it's in East Nashville...
Fuck roscoe chicken and waffles. Like for real. That shit ain't gonna solve world hunger or fix the economy. They hated on me hardcore
Up early watchin Iron Man #2 its good
REMEMBER.... if you dont have anything else you have your fans... we r ALWAYS here for u :)
I will be providing detailed commentary on my reading of 50 Shades. Have no worries. :)
gahhhhhh no I'm not! Just right now! Did I read it!?!? Like who writes something twisted like that!
Happy Day 4 of the 7 Days of BEER! You've heard right, all beers are only $1 thru Saturday!!!
omg wow,it's good too see a strong women like you fight it!
omg, my boss is such a huge Michael Jackson fan; he wants to thrw the biggest MJ party @ the aniversary of his death.
lol :).. How in the hell is financial aid out of funds?! Lol.. They need some financial aid too :( lol
lol yeah I got my cup of vodka Fuck it I'm so proud
Sad :( Well, let me know when you do and if you win!
I wonder why 135th and Harold would be dangerous.
Psalm 16 The LORD is my chosen portion; you hold my lot The lines have fallen for me in pleasant places; I have a beautiful inheritance.
If you buy the new testament you get the old for free.
Read Santorum said college makes students Liberal and that is why Obama wants students to go. Jesus.
Stressed about finals? This Tue - Thurs, 5 - 10pm, FREE open gym for all students in the main gym! Must bring your Jag Tag to participate!
hey, he's back!
Most importantly Thank You GOD!! Mia truly grateful to be here...
I am beyond excited to watch revenge right now!!
which chick is that?? do i need to alert someone? :)
Q : Are you close to Chaz and Ryan ? A : Not really
Feeling cooped up living here again... I want to take my stuff, my woman, and hike on out of here!
Out for dinner :))
this is you! Yay. Ps it would be better to start that tweet as a new tweet instead of a reply like this.
Charles in Charge T-shirt Large And In Charge Adult Yellow Tee
I luv u, lolgop! MT 47% of Americans supporting gay marriage do so becuz they like watching fundamentalists freak out
Go to Dumbledore and get some more!
Gender is not just about body parts :)
Welcome to our Pro Image Madison Twitter! Check back on a regular basis for product updates and Twitter-only specials!
Patron was looking for a mystery kids book. All she gave me was a 3-word description of the story and I found that sucker.
I have to find when Band from TV is playing in Los Angeles next.
Tonight is the NIGHT! Hope to see everyone at Scout Bar partying with us!!!
oh you did?
The sandwich artist in the Dell cafeteria is trying to kill me with brown mustard. I said A LITTLE!!! That stuff is spicy!
oh.. so, no one I should give a shit about.
How many more "worst nightmares" can stand? Man's durable.
Get a ride to or from DEN DIA / Denver International Airport. Round trip rates available! www.denverlimousine.com
Headache Nigga Stress....
TOO EXCITED!
Everybody can be great...because anybody can serve. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Is anyone a Flip Pal affiliate?
American Century Music concert today: Boston Public Library 12:30 PM. Music for Brass featuring Redline Brass Quintet
damn my uncontrollable burping habits. People must think I have no social awareness.
Good idea! MT : there are way more of my (awesome) former students following than faculty - we need a twitter drive!
RT : RT : Today's thought: It's unethical to use Blackboard. Either as an institution or individual instructor.
I know it's a little generic, but Massage Envy up in Carmel has a few very good therapists. My husband & I go there monthly.
I was scared when it was stuck , she said its cause its so brand new and the skin is so tight .
for that I can get you diamonds installed box and amp but well sense they throwing a alarm not shabby <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
a politician ?
Plein Air Art Exhibition in North Park at SD Art Dept. on Ray St. Sat. Nite. Saturday, June 11th from 6pm-10pm
Maybe it’s not the drive toward a career, but the draw to find, do, and be something more that drives me onward
:O I'M SORRY. go back to sleep!!
1953-Playboy published.Orig title was Stag Party, but an unrelated outdoor magazine notified Hefner they would protect their trademark
i had chicken and ice cream
If I remember correctly, we're taking in the Giants game on Memorial Day.
yay! We'll have to meet up :)
just saw someone in a blue polo and got excited!!!....but it was a black guy :/
So proud of my friend & release of his book , His testimony of God's miraculous power in his fight against Cancer.
You should also think of yourself as a brand.
Absolutely. This one was a homebrew, but everything else it's the first thing I do!
still a few more weeks?! Eww, that sucks. I want to know NOW!
Eastwood just got me so pumped up!!!
So... girls are really slutty on twitter sometimes.
Yeah, I've looked a lot. What I'm doing right now was just convenient but things have changed so I might do something else.
I always say do extra work to learn how productions work, but don't expect to get discovered. Do it until you are comfortable on sets.
Wow talk about a juicy night!
#ignite presentations are fun! You could do a test run through #hangout and doing a screenshare with someone....
dad: "if justin couldnt sing, he wouldnt be where he is today" I PRAISE YOU DAD.
right? And this is just ONE story.
When you get paid over $3 million to leave a program you know you've done a bad job coaching...
Today I'm rock DJ helping raise money for henryville High ...test drive a car today at carriage ford and 20 bucks goes to the school
watching a few breezy music videos for motivation...then im banging this paper
ditto! RT “: Hanging out at my pup - wishing that didn't work so frecking much”
It's pizza & a movie with my boys tonight. Trying out 's favorite pizza: Bronx Pizza. Anyone eaten there?
ticketmaster turns me from a regular person to an insane person in about 5 seconds
RT : People lack common sense
Almost slipped up and bought a pack of smokes at the bar the other day. It is still rough when you're buzzed to not smoke a real cig, bleh.
Walked all the way to the Portland waterfront and back, and literally ran into everyone from high school.
Best #MCN2011 breakfast: The Flying Biscuit - couple blocks east of Margaret Mitchell house - midtown MATRA stop.
Sometimes all you really need is a good friend who will be there when you need them.
oh idk bc I liked the picture hahaha
Just re-watched President Obama roasting Donald Trump with the entire room laughing. Priceless.
RT : God Twitter, it is unnatural how much I miss you when you're not around. Kind of like my birth father. Wait, what? #AWW :(
Never ever going on a teater toter with Isaac, Tyrell, or Caleb. They stand on the other end and jump off
is just soo different!!
I kno right. Men :)
At Gary & Mary West Center for Voter Reg. So far, 4 people have registered.
aww that sucks!
When Do You Leave For Miami?
Who will score more points tonight #MaxiBlum or #EltonBrand??? #Let'sGoSixers
look at this lost one!
Love for showing the end of this possible
More smiles, less wrinkles. :)
Life is a lesson you<U+FFFD>ll learn it when you<U+FFFD>re through
Hoping this morning at the gym no one will be singing loud to the music & if they do please stay to the beat. Yesterday = so distracting!
The Watergate felon and ultra-conservative evangelical has passed away.
Toto, me ... U clearly have excellent taste! ;)
V festival lineup confirmed..... who fancies looking after my kids for a couple of days???
Having my 1st taste of #ChickFilA in LA! Excited cuz it's been a minute since I enjoyed their juicy chicken & waffle fries!
The second I came out I suddenly have a billion guy friends because we have something in common.
Baby and Kids Snowman Costume
Risk it all cause I'll catch you if you fall Wherever you go, if my heart was a house you'd be home
I could use a new .. Anything they sell! Can I has one of each please? (lol nicks)
OH and you can like her pictures while you're at it
Thanks so much for reposting our vid! <3 love ya
My faggot is being boring.
My mom's college roommate lives there on what used to be the southern edge of town, now surrounded on all sides.
RT : Im still a heat Fan ju,get off our dick!
Black Greek lobby day. Some of these suits, boy.... , you'll be happy to know I happened to wear my pink blazer.
There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God
really hope we run in the rain today
I love Starwars!
GM Kim did you get your beauty sleep? I think you only need a nap in that dept! E
bored as shit
Daily deal historical data? We got it.
Aw. Thank you! RT #FF the witty, talented, superiorly forward thinking and creative who is worth your follow!
going to look fly!
NEW SINGLE CALLED"DJ BRING IT BACK' PRODUCED BY VIRTUAL X IS WHATS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW.
I SEEN IT, IT'S SICK FAM
Visitors to your site need to be able to indicate their location & language. Careful using flag icons as some gprs may find it insulting.
sounds like a good time to hit the slopes
RT : The Volkswagen Club of Milwaukee will be displaying their vintage cars ALL 4 days of German Fest this year!
Don't judge me by your standards
I need something to punch, honestly
I want to swim in your eyes.
get yours or your life would suck forever. #Twitter name a sentence
yes I remember Netscape:) I am over 30 as well lol. It seems like ages ago. Dial up connection and AOL
LOVED your postcard, and so did the rest of the Eboard. Hope you had the time of your life!
well thank you(;
How can i escape the madness?
You notice that earlier he said he'd be home at midnight. It's because I kicked him out of the house. Haha! ;-)
Only on episode one?! Dude the season finale for season two is this sunday. Wicked show!
RT This if you support Brewers MVP Ryan Braun!!!
Thanks, dude!
Attending the Repositories in Science &Technology - Preserving Access to the Record of Science at LOC.
This weekend I'm def buying a lot of sweat pants and basketball shorts! I swear I'm obsessed with them... -_-
Rain = cuddle weather
gr8 use of available tools. RT How the #powerpoint #articulate flash website was created and why it was.
Oops, rooster. City girl mistake! RT : Friend many moons ago showed me the sparkle thingy for my rooster :)
// Great to see on #theWendyWilliamsShow today. Bravo Girlfriend!
Kenya didnt call me. Lol what she talking about?
hey i heard you guys r doing a halloween special at the terminal ! cant wait !
04.16.2012 Change is coming. A new set of circumstances arises. How do you like your change? Do you take change like a cat takes a bath?
nah my brother doesnt go to sped school...:p ONLY ME BITCHEZ.
then go get an orange... Just a hint...putting that out there
Of course it will, I need tunes and sufficient connection to the interweb.
What a great day me and kenzie had.(: well goodnight #RObotz! -Tenay
Dishes are done, fish tank is clean, now to relax the rest of the day until I see Snow Patrol at tonight!
congrats on tha baby lariss!!! u can name him afta me ;)
For the handful of other people who'd find this funny: my typoed “facet_fiends” would make a good name for a Solr support company
I'm ready for a nap! My sister kept me up until 1 am so she could watch TV. Then made me wake up at 7:30 am. Bo
Be on the lookout for my feature on Carmen Lundy in the Thursday, March 8th edition of the NY Daily News! Quite a layout, they tell me.
It's this Saturday from 1 to 3 on Allen Pkwy. (Waugh to Bagby). If I'm back in town, I plan on going.
no the superfood is ice cream. Haha
Have you not been wearing your glasses Kiara ? *hands them over* Can you see me now ?lol
do you think money grow on trees
Welcome Mini-Marathon participants! Stop in after the race! We're located 2 miles from the finish! Air-conditioned! Plenty of parking. RT
surprise presidential speech at 10:30 on a Sunday? Right at the the end of Celebrity Apprentice? Obama: 2, Trump: 0.
3/4 of my youth group now has iPhones.
are you coming to KC?
This one's marked Sports. Sports appears on top of post & its linked from Sports page. NO mention of commentary or blog status.
Craving something sweet!!
Tell Justin to come prove it 2 me I'm ready now.
Beautiful day! ! Happy birthday mom! ! & can't forget 420 !! :-) :-)
Well....I'm happy that #Maryland wins. That's a positive.
Cop was cleared in any wrong doing for the murder of JR black what else should we have expected.??????
Just saw four big military helicopters flying over the Potomac.
Innovation requires diversity: of gender, background, ethnicity, cognitive styles, etc. but an inclusive process is a must!
Currently seeking employment in publishing. Living in LA. You can see my editorial work at dailybrink.com. Any leads, let me know. =)
i want the snow back. so i can do snowball yay :) *giggles*
Steven Tyler gots a big ass mouth. I bet he had some fun in his younger days...
#NP I Win album. If you don't have it...Go get it!! It will Def. Bless you!!!
I'm coming to terms with the fact that Facebook is a far more powerful tool than Twitter, regardless of my personal preferences.
The person who is the hardest to forgive is the one who can teach you the greatest lessons
#usability testing on #libguides this week and next. Some interesting behavior so far, some expected, some not at all anticipated.
Quit bullshitin wit ya self *snoop voice*
I/you are responding to y/our own tweet to remind yo/us that you/we were sick, and those fitbit stats are okay.
In. Spanish. Class. On. A. Friday.
Following now!
Make your move, before I’m gone. Because people change, and hearts move on.
i.e. i abandoned dbslayer and started using mysql-node for db writes... more or less the same performance + way more predictable behavior
Playing #TweetWarRoulette again, ? Somehow ended up with and this week? Spin again!
Can I please send you my Spec of Parks & Rec? Current industry writers have read it and are raving. Thanks so much! JC Zorn
You thought it was hot last night (ask chris carpenter) just wait til tonight when the roof is closed due to rain in the area.
How many starters will be in the Miami Dolphins’ rookie class?
I got the same topic, no way!
There is more logic in humor than in anything else
best use of lighting all night
because every night after practice I was too tired to eat
AGREE! So meaningful. RT : This is a very moving exchange tonight
well on any night Danny was feeling it he would have him on the bench but he isn't and he is frustrating James well enough.
It has been 3 days since your last tweet. Either you drank too much Crown or Petrino's mistess found you.
Im hungry
wat it do tonight
when some hot guy follows you
Don’t let loneliness drive you back into the arms of someone you know doesn’t give a damn about you.
Tupac is tweeting from the beyond?
Just finished catching up on my Louie shows on FX. THE BEST SHOW ON TV!!!
Then they never really met you! Their fools...
"Be courageous." -Healey, on leadership
Northwest Natural Gas might get rate decrease instead of increase.
ahh... so jealous!
Kevin Durant gets cheated of the nba mvp for 2nd straight season
Applause Aj Styles vs Kurt Angle a match of the year candidate
Mauled by coworkers and my box of popchips gone ;'( in a matter of 4 hrs...
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 56F FAIR
I can see the similarities in your games. I think you should dye your beard red in honor of the white mamba
Do the stinky leg lmao. The things that's used to be popular
- that kind of stuff happens all the time. Just concentrate on long-term gains in people who care about what you're doing!
A guy came to my door today & asked if I want to help with the flooding in Pakistan. I told him I would but my garden hose wouldn't reach.
Only 14hrs left to save our film. Every $5 gets you a raffle ticket for a new Ipad2 www.IndieGoGo.com/the-fate-of-phoenix
I wish! I'm broke
Mercy....powerful word...Let's all stop pointing at the wounded and remember we all have either wounds or scar....1Timothy1:15-16.
u welcome so how have u been and that godbaby of yours
Two minutes!!
I have a real name now too? No! ;-)
FU AXL ROSE: Disrespect the R&R Hall of Fame and watch how fast we forget you. Axl who?
Did I write that last tweet after listening to "Scream" for the 13th time today? YOU'LL NEVER KNOW!
girl, everyone thinks I'm Nathan but Nathan's account is <--- this is Kristen right now (: lol
Thanks for the mention! Happy Cooking, Patsy
“: #goodthingsinthisworld are awesome friends like ” and Al!
And nothing makes me happy, not even TV or a bunch of weed.
Thank you ;) & haha I know right? so obvious ^^ & awh alright, goodnight babe, talk tomorrow and love you too! xoxo<U+2665>
Looking ahead to our upcoming 75th season! Everybody loves a birthday!
Love seeing my to do list shrink #happy <U+263A>
Shout out to dat nigga that ain't pull out last night & is now currently playing the waiting game
We're hosting roundtable discussion with today about issues affecting seniors in San Diego County.
Thats awesome lil bro. & u were worried. I told u he was a good dude. GOD bless - 100
RT : YOO HAPPY BORN DAY SUPER PRODUCER !!! !..its a celebration b#tches!!..pour up yeah
I have a surprise!! Check your inbox in 20 & let me know what else you need.
We put in Getaway and Twilight Zone at The Standard tonight. BK2 will go in there next and Black Rose after solving some problems with it.
What's up bro! How's everything?
People are going to see this as a 'pro cancer' response. The amount of backlash is going to be outlandish.
or is a cupcake a Muffin of Awesomeness?
Go flyers! The rare occasion I will ever tweet those words together.
would leave her rose!
Thank you tim hortons for making me late
Im a new soul I came to this strange world hoping I could learn a bit bout what is true and fake.
Dang man I saw him on Sports Science and the power he has is ridiculous
HA. we had to read middlemarch in brit lit & i don't know ANYONE who actually finished it.
it sucks when you have SO much homework the year you finally meet your college best friend...and it's senior year.
where are you still? Lol
:-D Fellow tweep! How's Orlando tonight? RT : Woohoo! 100 followers! I feel like a real Twitterer, Tweeter, Tweep?? now! :)
I don't even know how I'm getting down here. Ain't they closing down highways, Metras and shit?
This computer is so slow that if I actually had work to do I would be really aggrivated right now.
thanks for all the shout outs!
hi alice!
well I still can't locate you and I know what you look like...the question is do you? I found 1 AC in Cle but w/ no picture?
Thank you Rosa Parks for taking a stand by sitting down; 55 yrs. today. I plan to honor this by stopping by the bus in
I mean my 1 gag tweet to your many lol
I just want to look into your eyes & make you realize that we could be beautiful, incredible, unbelievable; Instead of just invisible.
I see at least 10 ANGRY BLACK WOMEN a day!!!! Dayum!!! I wonder why they SINGLE!!!
need to find time to sneak in to say hello...
when our lips lock I just wanna hold your face for ransom :-) no strings attached but could be more than that
Eric - I think your account has been hacked
Where mines at
Im unsure of your?Police work in all is dangerousThere are risks in being hurt in the line of duty,stress,lack of sleepetc
Pleasure meeting you and thanks for the connecting
No probs man! #teamblack all day!
Work sucks. I wanna go on Tour.
I hope the Texans win the Superbowl.
Follow back me! is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!;P
Power of positive thinking? :)
We'll be playing on Thursday with Seashell Radio. Come check out the new tunes!
:) have a nice weekend!
Really enjoy your blog, Jenn. Happy Friday :)
And the ducks! RT : My favorite part is the finger-jump over the plastic toy shark.
Yes! Bring Timmy too!
for what?
Can I get some more followers :D
oh nick that would happen to you LMAO xD
when is the signing? I have heard like 5 different dates!!!
RT : Trump moderating GOP debate: what, Orly Taitz was busy?
There are no specific characteristics of psychologically induced acquired delayed ejaculation.
There's a lot of celebs at #whitney's funeral. If the church was smart they pass that collection plate around.
Knowledge is power.—Francis Bacon
I accidentally reported you for spam! I meant to Tweet you to say I hope your stalker comes forth!
swamped with school. how are you?
The Best Watchdog Journalism on Campaign Finance - ProPublica
Oh, I have a ton of them saved already. I don't buy anything there without my coupon. lol
Finally almost done sorting through the 700+ photos I took in Port Townsend last week.
Yes they are! Made by Enoch's Doughnuts, right here in Chicago.
Horrible way to end a half>Bradshaw runs free and then the hail Mary
Good music, good food and good company = MELI AMERICAN BISTRO tonight 8pm
Thanks, glad you enjoyed COVENANT! Next book is in progress. Aiming for release next Spring.
A particle accelerator was really nice to us in 2011. In 2012, we return the favor. Good things ahead for us, and for all of you. Thank you.
beth how many shows u record for the season
Heading off toward Baltimore and
exactly. My family never really celebrates 5 de Mayo, so this is weird for me lol
Cool, I'm at work a half an hour early.
Somebody tweet me !!!!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
Charles and shaq are hilarious!! <3 the halftime shows more then the playoff games!
Last night, Urban Meyer met with Fickell for 3-4 hours, had coffee this morning and decided to bring him on the staff.
WTF Michael Porter.
- traveling alone
I can't stop laughing its so true.
Congratulations #PDW on winning your fifth
What a beautiful sunday .Being here beside you always.
New Happenings magazines available here at the library! Hurry in and get one.
WOW!!!! so happpyyyyy!!!! my entire news feed is filled with the new single by #ChasingTheSun !!!! =)
February is American #Heart Month, look for our daily heart healthy tips.
Bought more Coca-Cola stock yesterday. Buffett & Grantham both like it and Coke President Kent says company value to double in next decade
I could not agree more! I bleached clothing for the first time a few days ago. I am terrified of the mystery that is laundry.
he's not bad man, I wouldn't sleep on him. But I think you have a better team to handle him than I do. :)
Great to be connected!
What a bunch of ridiculous character detectives with Gov grants and X! Now they're defining who we are by the dog breeds we choose. Sitfifi
Slog fest at The Jake tonight in
I HATE MATH. I want it to go die.
OMG! I think this guy is my future husband.
Lollipops at a dentist is like a shone saying she doesn't give a fuck yet she passes them out free everyday
Uh oh. The caffeine threshold has been breached.
thank.goodness! True test: whether my hair stays straight past noon. So far so good.
Yay! We'll be doing more reminding but yay for putting it on your calendar. :)
I'll never be noticed by my idol
Ed Viesturs, the famous high altitude climber uses conscious breathing techniques to make it up the mountain.
So the job I want posted today and I decided I will be applying.. Truth or tell if I will be relocating to Denver!
Congrats! Hope family is well!
I'm gonna miss you baby girl!!
I need a summer romance. XD
the real booboo can u send me the website of fb plz
Wakin up feeling great
Yeah, did you check out Cold for June?!
ok awesome. I will see if I can find it. Cheers.
Ha ha ha. Divided by...
$2 Domestics and $3 LIT !!!! ONLY! TONIGHT
We don't care any more. Do it!
Well, according to twitter spam it appears several people are starting rumors about me and only ppl who I don't know are very concerned.
Did you know I messaged you? Didn't want you to think I'm ignoring you!
download The Last Lions, def a good watch and you'll cry your heart out
This Miami game boring as hell
Defrag complete. Maybe now I can get some work done!
Hangar One vodka tastings in Alameda..
RT: trafficintocash - It takes a big man to cry, but it takes an even bigger man to laugh at that man.
I miss your daily vlogs :( I loved to lay in bed and think dirty thoughts as i watch you.
Goodnight! Buenas Noches! Having Math Final Test tomorrow -.-
Followed back, Thanks so much for your vote! If you could retweet the link too it would be really appreciated! =)
TY! RT : Two down, one to go. Tune in to at 9:30 for my Weekend Preview ft
wow opie ,president? That could cool.
LOVE Skittles <U+2665>
What a whirlwind this past 2 months have been. Last chemo treatment (& just 3 more radiations) left till recovery.
Dr phil did he do it? Murder confessions
Hello, can I listen to you on Itunes?
Yeah..that's the biggest fail right now...the lack of communication #GoDaddyFail. WTF, ?
Most welcome! And we love feedback so if you have any suggestions or more questions, please don't hesitate. :)
We love the UK! One family member worked this summer in London. We also have an Aussie in the family. Share the Biscuits!
Thanks for stopping by last week!
and your face too. The convos are just so awkward though....
We started moving a week ago and we're still at it. Finally have an internet connection in the new office, but can't send email. Mysterious.
thank you kind sir
Dangerous. Scandalous. Getting the answers YOU want to know! 'Round the Bases premires Tues. March 15 only on the MBMSportsRadio Network
Drop that ass to the ground that's an ass quake.
I can tell something wrong with these hoes without messing with them.....hater
Had a wonderful interview with Chrissy from Radio 7 in Germany
Who all up
Thank you very much for the #FF. We hope that you have an amazing weekend.
What is that hand dance Katy perry is doing?
girl I heard about your other plans <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> we need to talk lol. And I would love to see you then!!!
Rock, paper, scissors. <U+270A><U+270B><U+270C>
I better see you tomorrow night even if my mans and them isn't making it up here. CHYEAH
People who censor themselves on Twitter make me wanna sh*t v*mit and j*zz p*ss.
Wishing I could love life right now like I used to
You don't learn to hold your own in the world by standing on guard, but by attacking and getting well hammered yourself - George Bernard Sha
#Chicago is home to eleven Fortune 500 companies, while the rest of the metro area hosts another 21 Fortune 500 companies.
. Follow Him .
Vogel still cocky.
Love , yes they would look great in an arrangement!
In Ireland. Will be prepping for #ICA's next concert on March 28 at the Belden Stratford Hotel.
Will the #Colts have a team next year? Just saw they cut more good players.
so sweet! I'll let you know by 2pm if we need a ride.
thinking of making a harry potter parody with my brilliant sis. going to have harry in the hunger games!
planning session, excitement is building! Awesome speakers coming to Purdue! This is going to rock!
friend w/bipolar- manic epis his eyes looKed black, he'd preach absalute nonsense. It was server. Nice 2get B1/B2 clarified talk?
Dinosaur-shaped wordle in 's presentation! /cc
MWM welcomes aboard two new clients ... the highly talented brother/sister combo Niko and Gabi Coccio! Will post their pics soon.
The more I get the more I want O_o
fuck being sick
#ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage ...the sobriety of
where are you woman?
Alright - let's hear from the demented characters i love on twitter: I'm LIVE @ zenlive.tv
i've been great nd im just chillin listenin to some music nd on facebook&twitter at da same time (:
The Motorcycle Riders Foundation will be bringing its national convention to Las Vegas, Nevada, beginning the week of July 9, 2012.
you not a tool box. Your a tool sack. Do you know how to speak English? So I'll be watching recorded TNA on Fridays.
Excellent! RT : I keep "umm huh, that's Good" -ing the book! Haha so much fire* and I love it!
oww my tongue hurts
Thanks for the #FF, Simon
what a bellend. You shoulda listened to me and backed it.
I'm bored somebody need to hit my line
#10WaysToDie wake me up or take my food.
Lmfao. RT : RT : "We can still be friends." is like saying "Hey, the dog died but we can keep it."
Wise people think all they say, fools say all they think.
Sitting through RuPaul's drag race for the first time. Oh my!
funny you say that... tonight a random fan was told to leave the media lounge by the 70 y/o woman attendant... so he says..
Whoso robbeth his father or his mother, and saith, It is no transgression; the same is the companion of a destroyer. (Proverbs 28:24)
shit like this sucks now but that's how it goes sometime
I know!!! So weird!
duh. Versatility is my middle name.
RT : My phone assumes what I'm saying <<<<that's dangerous lol
my answer is simply yes.
well i am going to go read " eat this not that" have a very good night twitter fans....
Phones in the 80s sucked.
#BGC8 the twins < the chick that was there for 2days.
That's too elaborate, just have Mario start for City.
This fiber bar and mozzarella stick are about to straight cancel each other OUT.
London time right? well its 615 here in South Korea.....and off to the shower I go.....have a good night!
Now that I looked at my gear, I have a cheep 77mm circ pol that has taken good shots, lol. But for ND or GD go the best u can.
that's cool...
How has the poker room at the boat been lately? Been thinking about going back.
Just FYI: Protestors are expected to show up at the Encinitas council mtg tonite to protest SONGS/ask for a resolution to decommission it.
You will neva get rich trying to watch another persons paper.
"You cant control what gets into the news but you can control what gets into your head" -Jim East
"Leap, and the net will appear." John Burroughs
nah but thank you c:
Tomorrow! Weds. RT : did I miss the #TGTaste?
Got pressure built up
Future sounds like a demented 5 year old kid saying shit..
Yeah, part of the reason I'm a Caps fan ;)
Anyone have a BB charger with them at
Happy birthday ! I love you<3
Origen is definitely on the list! Gotta give heretics their fair shake too.
I just wanted to wish everyone a Happy Memorial Day! Thank you to all the Vets out there!
School with the love, then practice wih Vanessa Mota<U+2665>
Wish People would mind there own business!
I dont think so... they put up so many runs against the rockies
Before you ask me if I have weed...make sure you have weed....you ain't suckin my blunt.....scavenger smokers...man they're irritating
The developing world spends $13 on DEBT REPAYMENT for every $1 it receives in grants -End of Poverty? Documenaty on hulu
Can you shoot me an e-mail with that stuff? I can do it tomorrow.
Thanks Matt!
RT : So true about strong writing skills, no matter where youre looking for a job those are so necessary
I may be a resource for you re recidivism. See my profile for a link to my book.
Thank you Baby!! Love you tons!!!
M good bye
Cheesecake Factory >>>>
Yes! I seriously need someone to go with me! Lance is working late :[
Happy Birthday, Wurth!!!
follow me plz it would make my day plzzzz
trick question?neither? Both are almost as bad as the happening.
Well...things are about to be tough for a little while.
you must be out yo damn mind
Falling behind here! Thanks for the #FF friends ;) , , , ,
thanks for the follow
no I stay away from those bc I would have to send those tix in from home
The only way my marriage is going to last another 20yrs, is if he becomes legally blind & I go totally deaf!
miss you too!!! Let's go out soon
Best friends were supposed to be forever... What happened?
Thank you Gretchen! :)
YES! :) I wants it! btw people, it comes with a signed INK CD
I can't find my freaking Spanish vocab sheet so I can finish my homework!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Melo get that shit out of here!!
The sun helps
Happy Birthday to Roy Halladay!!!!!!!
be nice.
i meant to say but i messed up the name haha sorry
Pups at the Park @ Nationals Stadium with and - Go #Nationals (although #Braves are still my #1 always!!)
#D.I.R Season is upon us. Gonna be an interesting journey.
she did say "In Wisconsin, 5 hours WEST of the twin cities," though, so I got a chuckle.
Ive had 4 water fights this afternoon... x
My dad just flicked off a blind guy
he replied to you :)
When it sounds like the lyrics to a song you're listing to were written just for you >>>
Celebrating the year that the albums that made the genre famous were released, for sure.
Only got one more hour to sleep so im goin back to bed!
Haha! "Did Don on #MadMen just become Dexter?"
um im tryna grt my black ass out da house
Keep the focus on yourself and day by day your dream will unfold.
SATURDAY NIGHT PARTY!! Come hang out! Here 'til 6am
Crop tool in #photoshop #cs6 is way cool
Hey Carl, great to see you. How's everything?
Having fun with my mini laptop. I can now get online without taking up my son's computer time
craving some Stubbs BBQ though ;)) send some this way lol
yeshh they are amazing :)
People say everything happens for a reason. So when I punch you in the face, remember, I have a reason.
Money make shit happen radio Spins ten racks nothing to a boss
alright <33 cool (:
My brother graduated from UK and the socialists took the French presidency, a good day!
Hardwood is not fun to sleep on. Awaiting my mattress
Goodnight Twitter #CatchingSomeZs ...
welcome back to twitter :) enjoy!
where can we hear ur stuff? Last night we had "Last Tempo in Paris" was very chic!
Dropped a 30 yard dumpster at Macy's downtown at 7 am and now we're working with the contractor that is doing the upgrade for Macy's!
lol, cute. I'm from Mass. so I can't get enough of em.
Got a hankerin' for moonshine? Well we've got it! The legal kind, of course....come try our selection of Midnight Moon and Catdaddy.
how long? Just the weekend? We'll be at the nines on Thursday.
We got a show tonight at 8pm at The Complex on Santa Monica if you wanna come check it out. We think you're swell.
Hi Bill, thanks for the follow!
Really hope is doing her own tweeting instead of someone like me running it.
I want to go back to New York. :/
Is it 2013 yet? I don't like this year. I need it to be over.
I love love love my comments that I am getting on my birchbox rant video! Thank you! For being so "NICE" <3
He was a hip cat. Meow.
start another gold rush!!! "there's gold in them thar waves"!!
Only more days until opening day!
#PBS documentary Women, War & Peace is powerful and well made, but having to watch the whole thing at once for grading was poor planning.
lunch time! 2 hot n spicey's, a medium fry and an orange fanta!
Lucy, here's your fake ID
Ah. That's too bad.
Do you catch cancer? RT : Herman Cain: "If ObamaCare had been fully implemented when I caught cancer, I'd be dead."
you cuss too much.. I bet your girlfriend hates it...
Rip his face off then take his food!
ok, researching tomorrow for sure
RT : Squirrels are back in town! Game tonight begins at 7:05pm, as the Squirrels take on the Bowie Baysox!
I tired!!! blah i shouldn't go to sleep at 3 in the morning :p
as i go into the studio this morning, i've placed the last song recorded, “if you should wonder”, on the "my band" page. enjoy!
Watching Brody while Angelita gets some sleep. Life is good
We might be on the same page but your in a whole different book !!!
I love him more and more each day!!!
The ruling ideas of each age have ever been the ideas of its ruling class. Just sayin.
she'll follow u someday!! she always notices her fans love u jasmine!!!
Its a new dawn, its a new day
thanks brother
Time to get my drink on!!!!!!
Julius Caesar opens on Saturday!
bout to be home from getting my nails done haha(:
Just stopped in at a restaurant we haven't been to in a few years, and the waitress asked us if we moved to another state. Glad we came back
Hey guys! Our sister office NOLA Food Delivery Warehouse District/CBD need 39 more "likes" to get free advertising from facebook! Please...
Um, excuse me...you got a little something on your face..wha- what's that? Oh! SEXY. ;) ...
Rauch needs to be the closer.
Huh? So I try to understand your position (in 140 char increments) & don't get it 4 tweets I'm automatically dumb? WWJD?
gotta admit. im a great rock. im always here.
Truth is more explosive than any nuclear weapon...
I think I have to drop out of my book group
I would pay to see that cuz Kimsha don't play
anytime bro!
on the phone or computer because i dont have an android
Who are you celebrating #Easter or #Passover with and how?
Had an amazing night with my boy. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> tonight will be fun.
Get a NYE party going at XONA with the Orange Iguana!
boy, the Spurs are going to be upset.
#10FactsAboutMe 1.My favorite color is green <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Going to eat at bass pro restaraunt! Always get the jumbo shrimp but idk if I want to switch it up.. and.. I just got my braces tightened
This is a club that promotes bringing people together that care about good government. The perfect club for me to join!
RT : If you're trick or treating at lakeside mall tonight, come see me shoes! I'll be handing out candy :-)
Cee Lo is in gold tonight! c:
BUMMER. I was so looking forward to that live tweet. A girl can only dream.
Russell doesn't hold on to anything negative As for reputedly removing a Katy Perry tattoo, "Nope," he says, "Never happened"
i miss walking around with at all hours of the night having a blast at the park or jut chillin in the car
What a long weekend... Im going to finally roll into a nice soft bed... May piece be with me for the rest of this week.
would be bangingg
Hey Seattleites! Do you know a local restaurant figure who would be interested in an interview about Seattle food? Let us know!
I love your hello kitty band aids!! I got them too!
ok, good to know!
at the same time i dont want to take anything away from you, cause you do a good job and show good interest keep working hard!
You got it! Keepin it legit in BK!
Congratulations SURF resident for the investment offer. The growth has already begun!
how's the weaning going? I had an idea for you that may or may not work. when you sit down to nurse bring a sippy w/ milk
Good Morning! Made it home safe and sound! Now dreaming of a White Christmas, but we're getting rain! Come on Snow.....
Creating a new personal injury site/blog for a Washington attorney at www.lynnwoodpersonalinjury.com
Thanks man!:) What's new?
I hate Mac Miller >:]
Congrats to my cousin Jamar Howard that just signed with the New York Giants.
Right? Pandora is awesome. I've tried other music services, but that's the one I use most.
Stephenson, Reamde. Gaming, terrorists, kick-ass heroes, lots of gunfights, breakneck pace. An awesome way to blow off last minute shopping.
Thanks for the follow Mike! We just heard there's a frost warning here in NY, we could use a cruise to someplace tropical
Just left the hospital where Mama actually said, "I don't hurt." Time for me to get reacquainted with my pillow. Peaceful nights, all.
Did anyone know that dandelions can grow to be about 4 ft tall?? I was weeding at my swim club today and I saw some with multiple heads!
getting my #grill on
Happy bday to , born in 1894. Graham was the 1st choreographer to employ Asian & African American dancers
Got a match today wish me luck people??xx
visit wilson's hot tamales for full online menu
and the cheese fries! So yummy
I hardly ever tweet but had to give props to
Gonna have some fun this weekend ;)
i would never burn fried chicken. pfffft, that's not in my cook book :)
Good luck !!
When people try to act smart <<<
That's what it's all about!!!
Many thanks to Don Mee Choi for visiting two of my classes and for talking about poetry and translation. Thanks for being brilliant!
What's so great about this lottery. Even if you win you still gotta fight 23 kids in a bloody fight to the death along a woody brook.
dang! Well send an email to and let me know time and location!
is about technology. Follow us on Twitter. Don't forget to come to retreat for iPad and netbook drawing. Must be present!
The bats are ALIVE once again..hope they keep it up
Hook him up, Tweeps!RT : Four followers away from 2,000 ? Am I going to be like Moses, never to see the promised land ?
Good morning! Gonna be a fun day-6 students are coming in to rehearse the #choir. 2nd rehearsal with new music...
RT Say hello to your mother for me. | LOL
“: Don't want to live just to pay my bills or get paid to sit still #gameface ” amen brother
": doctors, scientist,teachers..." I'm a #fan of yeezy but that looks like a front if he tweet this while being a "Music Artist"
#FundaySunday! Here’s your fun: $5 Miller/Coors stadium cups and here’s your sun:
thanks Kole! what do you think so far?
Summer is the best. Can't wait for my family to come see me!!
Hi all, I am up before 7 am and everyone else in the house...what do I do now?
We are booking a lot of shows for the spring/summer time, where would you like to see us play!?
America, I am about building wealth not re-distributing wealth, not breaking the will of the people, building the will of the people
no, no it's not. you're doomed.
you mean the glasses?
Why don't they make a heated body pillow? (like heated to 97.5 human temp) for all the single lonely people.
indeed big sis :)
Never have I ever walked through starbucks and not seen someone I know
Screw the office lotto pool.... I'm wasting way too much money on my own tickets! LOL
but the way we're going...lol
So what im getting a new bed set or what? I think yes, & apparently so does my mom.
Only took you five minutes to make that joke!
You forgot the hashtag. RT : I'll be the guy going "IT'S PRONOUNCED GIRDLE!!!"
Going to update my blogs. Starting with my literature blog.
The making of Ponzu sauce is clearly a Ponzi scheme.
They just called a moving screen. First time they have made that call all year.
Kinda.. Yes. p.s. I owe you a text message!! haha.
oh fun stuff!
some things never change old friend. Miss you! xoxo
Listening to some to set the mood ...
Cat in my butt space.
good cuz if it was yours u better get hammertime lol
yeah! Congrats!
Peace and love
Ah love her so much. i wish i was still there and we could swoon together and get our favorite books signed!!!
Oh, Eva. I am so, so sorry.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY TO ALL YOU SPECIAL LADIES!!!!!!
lol I guessed but I wanted to see your pretty face! Say Hi to everyone! x
People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year
where are you?
Can anyone help me load Angry Birds on my PalmPilot? If so hit me up on my pager...
The moon isn't up yet and it's really concerning me
Too bad there is no 30 minute mark (guess we can try 10 minutes into the 2nd). A countdown Marty sucks chant would be quite nice.
I cannot get over that. I can't spend over a hundred bucks so people can wonder if i bought the wrong size or it's like that on purpose.
Today is the big day! Tonight is Steve Martin and The Steep Canyon Rangers performing at Going to be a full house!
I tried view source, it looks like difference.theinfo.o calls Google image search via Javascript. cc:
So easy to get lost inside a problem that seems so big at the time
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily !
it allows you to easily look at posts and articles from multiple media sites like FB, tumblr, blogs, twitter, etc.
38 days until nationals!!!
DEE!!!!! ME TO AH!!!-----when r u coming-- nobody is here in Dallas soo Bored so Im working like everyday at Fitch aha
"Break That Single!" supports indie music at its finest. The show starts from 6pm-9pm @ 4700 maryland pkwy. & Tropicana @ the Freakin Frog
Socializing is always a good excuse. BTW, books on tape FTW on long drives. Especially since your train reading days are over. ;)
Hey hey!
#ForrealThough!! ": One Direction = Reason why my homework is never done."
Two of our guys rode Ft. Ben yesterday and loved it! Who else has been there - what do you think?
what did you think of tonight's episode?
Let's get Sarah Silverman and Jimmy Kimmel back together.....Mr. President and First Lady
yup, and you're my favourite asian.
instead of saying f*ck say firetruck because it starts with f and ends with uck
Joe Biden on Face the Nation. Makes a good argument for having saved GM and jobs of auto workers.
Are you going to make it to the town hall tonight?
If you have enough $ to buy a lot of stuff, you should have enough $ to hire professional movers. #I'mNotHelpingYouMove
"Remember that the person trying so hard to convince you that they're the good guy is really just the devil in disguise." EVERYTHING IN TIME
Thanks Gonzalo, a great job done today. Thanks for the insight on speech writing
Planning some fun events for !
you slayed that I Don't Give A verse!!!
Every dentist should change their name to P. Sherman. Just sayin'.
Not good....going to Pete's Market on the weekend.
for all our troups and there families... THANK YOU!!! HAPPY 4TH OF JULY MY TWEETER FRIENDS!
hahahahaha hell I'm wit chu m-rose
Here if you need me.
@ Mrbeat_itup is playing Mike Tyson Punch Out @ Nintendo throwback classic
Wedbush starts Facebook with outperform rating
<3 RT : Quote of the night. "I've got all this built up pimperism in me."
Why is it so bright outside?
VIDEO UPDATE: Just wrapped the shoot for the new video - Dropping Friday!
#ThankYouCody for raising my standards for boys! I am looking for a gentleman! btw it's totally cool if he's Australian!
Merry Christmas to all my friends and family around the world!
some truck in the trees off the bypass
I'm in now thank you much!
let me marry you.
can someone recommend good Ultra-esque songs that'll get me pumped up?
Poppy, how are you doing? Have a great trip - enjoy.
Lost Joey Ramone 11 years ago today. Not as auspicious as 100 years, but no less important.
Watch out for the HOA There is an evil lurking in many neighborhoods. It is the bane of every homeowner’s and real estate investors’ exis
The ian laperriere puck to the face replay might be one of the hardest ever to watch
Hey sweets! I love youu! I was reading yo tweets;) smile(: I love you(:
Hey! I've been great! What about you? How's Stanton been treating you?
Official launch date *October 1st, 2011*
At my sister softball game! I miss playing <U+26BE><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><U+2764>
Once again it's Ruby Tuesday here at Laughing Buddha! 2 piercings for the price of 1 today until 9 o'clock. come get some new holes in you!
The keys to a successful NFL draft viewing experience if you are a Dolphins fan, by Jordan Geary. #1: Abandon all hope before the first pick
too soon for details. Got contracts to sign Should have an announcement in the next few weeks!
When I Wanna Talk, #OOMF Never Ready. When They Wanna Talk, Im Always Latee.
karma is a bitch well just make sure that bitch is beautiful
My teacher just made our final optimal. I pray I don't need this final!!!
Thank you! Will you be at the 100 Years of Freud's Schreber event the 10th? I will. First time in Dublin. Recommendations?
: I got you taco bell ...
Can't wait! #wooh!
You always know you'll have a great #friskyfriday when you get to share a beautiful picture like this one! :-)
LaRussa is going to outhink himself
#20thingsaboutme green... My eye color. My favorite color. And my cousin's last name. Haha
Stupid outlet placement Fountain View!
Dammit Bryan!!! This is why you put him in the basement where he gets no signal!!!!
Would be curious to know if he encourages/requires women in his congregation not to vote.
Um and that is all folks. Non stop today. Night
Fraser says Dodd wasn't reached out to by commission he could've been part of
listening to music I don't have on my iPod but its mostly spanish apngs im listenin 2 and no I don't like Facebook =/
love to check out the new ebook on wordpress when it is ready...
RT : A person is limited only by the thoughts that he chooses #quotes James Allen
Cory Booker is dreamy.
that is good! My son similar great in math, loves science. Struggles in writing. Uses technology too :) wish I had in school!
shuld be suspended/fined for inappropriate behavior! That can't be NFL standards. SHAME ON YOU GOODELL You should be fired!
#honored, Ms B, thanks for the mention!
Is rotfling at Matthew doing dancedancerevolution hottest party too
The awkward moment when you see that "Jerry Meals" is trending and all you can think of is Justin Bieber's d*ck. Smh....
Ever since I watched The Adjustment Bureau I've been getting paranoid.
Broadway Diner @ Fayetteville : like always, it was so D-LISH! Thanks for hosting the Brand fam tonight.
trouble on my mind
Why do I always do something wrong :'(
I hope Barrett keeps using this "Civil War' talk in all of his speeches. It's going to go over like a fart in church.
We're back tomorrow! Are You Ready!
I'm jealous :(
Sometimes I kinda wish there were more girls in my #JiuJitsu class, but I'm starting to think that it's better to only train with guys. Hmm.
Thank you so much. You have been a big help!
Since when is the word Crazy to long to say?? No people say Cray instead! Lamesauce
GOOD NEWS! CIGARETTE JUICE!
#ihatewhenpeople try to be something their not
aww I hate that lol that's why I tend to work alone on reports lol
u still goin?
“: how the fuck does everyone on a crashing skydiving plane die? just jump out like you were going to!” LOL
i thought they were just raising my rates again, but this one was a doozy. sigh. what a pain.
Truth. "The world is a stage, and most of us are desperately unrehearsed." - Oscar Wilde
Drastically trying to cut down my wardrobe (i.e crap I don't wear) before the move. Best place to donate clothes? Goodwill? Purple Heart?
#SOA - Sons Of Anarchy baby!!!! #SAMCRO rules!
wow, nothing in my e-mail box:-)
right Kangaroo McRoberts :p
Hey bout to go see my baby cuzins Amber and Winnie!!! They r so sweet
Like I've said all year, if the frickin Mavericks could beat em, anybody can.
Yes, indeed. Even the burps taste good. Thanks again!
Looks like a warm weekend colorado. Give us a ring if you need copier or printer services. 303-778-0600
Enjoy! Send pics!
Not in the mood to deal with anybody today. If you make me mad and try to argue with me, the end results won't be pretty.
#BestThingAboutBeingSingle you don't have to worry about a broken heart <3
We fill up our baskets, get back home/feel rich, relax, I throw it a scrap and it hums.
RT Like seriously....yall are a TRIP!!!// lmao we have no sense at all!!! Everyday its something new!! Lol
DC Beagles welcomes its 500th 'Like' today. Arooooo!
Whoops. Accidentally let the first episode of expire in my queue. Guess I'm not watching this season. Like everyone else.
Truth! Grad School fail RT Big fan of contacting people to fill a requirement, and those people not responding. Gotta love it.
you do realize one of them was me. .. of course I was fun and good.
Going to Brandon Wells Twitter class! It should be cool!
RT I just wanted to say that I love you and your one of my favorites on Mobwives!!!
Sorry to say I think that person has now become extinct!
i hope blops2 has some super high ks in it because that is the only reason i play now haha
We're at the #techexpo today in Tally!
Maicon didn't get a card for that celebration?
Here's a shocking fact for you. Did you know that over 1 billion tires are produced annually in over 400 tire factories globally? Wow!
We go together like Hamburger & French Fries #Gucci !! Lmao
This may be the last transmission ever sent. System failing. Reset. RESET!
I'm thinking of going Gothic Lolita inspired by Mary Magdalene. Not the brand;the actual person xD all these ideas are zooming!
Can we put this absurdity to bed: drives a 4 door Jeep not a Land Rover.
If every day started with a 90 minute yoga class 'd have a stress free life!
Do you like satin panties? Do you want to help fight breast cancer? Check out our website today (www.undawareness.com). Make a difference.
This just came on my dashboard, btw.
hey I am in that movie!!!!! Plz
Lord, my eyes are on YOU.
You may say FUCK GRAY but at least he won the primary and put FENTY's lame ass to shame. by the way FUCK FENTY!!!!!
live twitter streaming isn't yet available on GeoCommons. perhaps we can set you up with a demo server
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>RT : Maybe we should've had prayer meeting before the game game because the crowd is rather dead.
Any suggestions? RT : Question for MRI folks - what public repositories for imaging data do you use/recommend?
RT - Taylor is so sweet at the Miami Dolphins Game :)
too hot ufff
AWW SKEET SKEET SKEET GOD DAMN
the QUEEN has returned
Good luck on AP Government tests today!
I think that is the new definition of progressive
if your profile pic is 12 years old and looks like a warhol painting... please jump off a bridge. haha
The rain got u wet now and if I keep on pushin u'Ll be cummin!!
Give free desserts up to 10 people at Elephant Bar. www.facebook.com/ElephantBar - Like their page and click on Give a free Dessert on left
ANYONE want to help me get 200 followers LEMME KNOW!
OMG I need a tie-dye cat tee shirt!!
ASDFGHJKL WHAT IS THIS.
Reading a copy of Isaac's Storm from the about the 1900 hurricane in Galveston as recommended by Totally absorbed.
who knows...nut I get the feeling they like NY better.
dumb girl junps out in front of my car to hail the cab behind me. wow.
he's just bummed he didn't think of them!!
The best thing any person can do is to be honest!! It's not rocket science. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Really good feedback from our #German course. '..how enjoyable and useful the course has been so far. Don’t know where the two hours went.'
Wal-Mart imagines ever-changing social networks of in-store shoppers
I like it... good job by you. I'm already in Steeler mode. Sending season ticket $ this week. ;)
The site will be down for a short period of time this afternoon, due to scheduled maintenance. Stay tuned!
I slept too long. -_- setting an alarm clock from now on.
I am reading the hunger games and i just finished chapter 25 and i am crying my eyes out! so now me bed has a large wet spot.
what you talkin bout
just follow me you dickhead
Bahahhahaha. I just love you, Allie! :)
it is a human habit!
Im doing good! How are you? How was your day?
are you guys giving any more chances to win tickets ?!
That's how you got to do it!
LOL its okay I was too!! :)
Arrived home yesterday after the Big Trip to find the #Alpocalypse waiting for me! Thanks ! You've outdone yourself...again!
thank you!
Brought on by the protesters perhaps ;)
Also my school is shutting down its Loop campus during G-8/NATO summits. I'm going to be out of town anyway, but it's an interesting move.
“: Got a good head on my shoulders. I know a lot of low life people that'll never make it anywhere in life”
Like me to send you a song just ask
How'd it go? Did FB chat work well?
that awkward moment when you get a friend request and its mr miranda LMAO
I know you're not suggesting… no, you couldn't be… I mean, I really could never imagine… hypocrisy in politics?
Come to surrender tonight.. Only
Things are so much better than they used to be.
we're all hungover and at brunch
ACT tomorrow..need to be comfortable.. I'm thinking
and double team was one slacked and two guarded Jacoby. Then we had to guard you after those killers 3's
The awkward moment Zayn has longer eyelashes than a girl with mascara on.
": Okay, first off, I want to drop acid with Roger Sterling... #madmen"
Oh shoot! Well, you know me, looking to be your own personal assignment editor ;)
Crash I-5 SB on the Interstate Bridge... right lane blocked... Fire on scene. That ties it up back to SR-500.
I believe if u do it quickly an know how to pop it back in
What does #education mean to you?
Happy Birthday :*
has a few open dates for #college #campus #university #speeches this spring. Learn from the top #internship expert in US
Love the front page ap from ... wasted an hour already sampling 1A's from around the globe
i blame you and I thank you :-)
u tell him then
I knew he'd come around. I have an extra #SoundersFC scarf - interested?
oh! Thats so scary!
and see how quick my response is??!!!! Thank you!
Pretty sure I hear someone playing Words With Friends.
Yes..ill call you..can't wait to get caught up ! RT : you in town???
Democracy is free; gov costs $. Show me a gov prog & I'll show u a bankrupt prog. Pushing indebtedness 2 my kids isn't fair.
and no less than "Voodoo Child"! “: who'd have thunk we'd hear hendrix in a talk on robots? #basf11 ”
Happy Independence Day!!!
But I LOVE chocolate right out of the freezer; to each her own, I guess The difference between...
You too! I'm so ready for the weekend!. LOL
whoa! That sounds awesome. We need a Maine version.
Haters hate cause they love who they hate. Cause if they really hate, they wouldn't really care about who they hate. Confusing right? :)
I HOPE EVERY1 HAS A GREAT DAY!
Thanks. See you at the finals Sunday!
Wearing a pair of Haley Reinhart's American Idol short shorts, Steven Tyler showed off his 63-year-old smooth legs in Maui on Wednesday
Would it be too outgoing if I walk up to this cute dude who always stares at me& say, "I just want to tell you hi"
Looks just like him doesn't it????
"Everything is an illusion..."
Come out to Bohemian Caverns tonight!! The BCJO will be swingin' the way we do every Monday night! 8pm-11pm...Only $7 cover!!!
Im pretty sure my dad threw my cloths in the hallway and then yelled at me because I left them there .....
wrapping, packing, shipping and then on to more packing before my Christmas Midwest Tour.
I already have an Irish friend! Right ? (;
Not high maintenance ...
RT : Drinking decaf coffee is like moving in with your girlfriend- What are we doing? Where is this going?
Hockey weekend coming up. Gotta catch Tri-City. Let's go Hawks!!
What could be better then the beach and movies... Stay tuned for the L.B.I. international film festival schedule!
ahh I know! :x
True. RT : There's a high number of unreasonably attractive and well-dressed people at this year.
May the Fourth be with you!
A-Rod and J-Roll?
#allin GAME ON
Thank you my brother I appreciate it God bless you.
Tustin/Orange County has more interactive SalesTouch systems than any city in the US; thank you for your confidence in us!
Special thanks to
Helicopter dick.
Eric Edwards, on Board of Directors for Dialysis Patient Citizens, is telling his own powerful story on living with kidney disease.
I will take care and happy mothers day
My fav was the rockfish, squid w/ beets in the walnut broth. Loved it! But the menu always changes!
how is your day going?? :)
Movie night to finish off the weekend.. Heather.Renee.Wells.<3
Hate seeing Arsenal win, love seeing City lose. #Conflicted but Arse winning wins out so bo
Hope all the USA Curtin's (and families) had wonderful Thanksgiving Celebrations!
The Starbucks Mocha Cookie Crumble is so good!
haha that's amazing. we might just have to write a song called mechanical smile (;
Thanks for sharing, hope you enjoyed!
NOSOA - Sudbury was devastated by the industrialization, Industrial-city was an attack to all world classical cities
yo i would have but I just felt like it was too much. Like, he was just trying to have a nice dinner
The "Rock Dog Revolution" cd cover is getting tweaked into place.
It is never too late for chocolate. Just as it is never too early.
aww man! im gonna take it off -_- Lmaoo . Jk, its good so far :)
thank you for following
I just finished a 1.48 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
yeah, we're gonna have to get that; although, i'm a little sad they didn't figure it out sooner
ohhmyyygooshh no!!!! :c
#JMS310W Instapaper is uh-mazing! ($4.99 for the app, but totally worth it!) Thank you!!!!
Awee, thanks, I added you up on my other account, cause the other one seems having a bit problem. :)
- hi Lauren! Your headline still says shows you at workbridge...you *may* wanna change that. :)
Huh, going to have to check out and ...
Just woke up and looked in mirror. I can't decide if I look more like a hooker or a tranny.
Getting ready for #truckaroo this Friday down at the - Tons of DC food trucks and 3 awesome bands!
Did you learn nothing from me and the Suzie Qs'
Too true. RT better things: access to birth control, marriage equality, ;)
Choosing time is more than a song... it's real life..
come over to buddy guys. I'm here by stage! :)
I know, right? We might have to get used to it for a while, though.
Insomnia is your body's way of asking for an orgasm.
I am at OAH. I'll see if I can find Sue Ferentinos to say hello for ya. Maybe she'll find me.
Do you ever wish you lived on a nude beach?
#10thingsaboutmyself I forgive, but never forget.
Let your mind wander.
I remember you. How's it going?
the Hilton is excellent - felt like royalty. I burned the last of my pts there before moving on to hyatt.
um followin u mam. Can u please follow back
Cheers to you & your Blur comrades. Sick. Work.
The group is open to anyone. Go to Linkedin groups and search for "pay per click email marketing".
Awkward cause it never happens..... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
don't have your number
Your perception is your reality. Cool, huh? Means you can change it....
sure where are you?
Then we must use the power of the Internet & Social Media to tell the truth. Thank you for speaking it.
. thanks for paying it forward!
so mad my whole body fucken hurts, i had athletics today! :(
Is it finally Friday? Does Friday come after Thursday? What comes next? If only there was someone who could explain this complex system!
oh you're still in escuela ~_~ waiit, so when do you go to the gym? You go before school or something?
uh huh
is recovering from a long day at city council and trying to catch up on a TON of messages and work.
&quot;How to Make an Email List That Will Get Major Conversion Rates,&quot; From ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
No one is filth, and no one deserves to be covered in it.
Where do u find Dem? SCREW
I'm a TAURUS ... Once I stop giving a fuck... Shxt just got REAL
All I have is my strength...once I lose my will to continue, I might as well cease to exist! My only wish is that I end up on Gods list
GOOD video dude...
Oakland is going to redraft him. The future of the Dolphins is Ryan Leaf, they gotta bail Gina out first though...
why am i still awakee? lol whatever, going to get f0000d.
I really want to tell you how I feel about you, but I want it to be at the right time, and the right moment.
#Steelers offense just took a huge hit. I'm no doctor, but not sure how Big Ben plays again this year with a backwards foot.
Have a Bobby Bar, my Dad made them
So sad about Davy Jones of The Monkees passing away. Grew up w them #Davy Jones
RT : >7,000 Journos searching for sources on LinkedIn. Are your execs' profiles on there & up to date?
Why does everyone text when handling buisness. Get on the phone and make the deal DAMN
HI Larry, yup & its a 2008 one. #ALEC wasn't discovered as (I guess) it was hiding as a non-profit.
Nothing beats a Quick burger!
Wonder how many times my relationship status gone change in the next week
RT : These are the two teams I hate the most in the game
No problem!! =) Follow back please? :)
Reminder: VHM will be screening "Weapons of the Spirit" Sunday @ 3:00 pm.
Class in 4 hours and havent been to sleep yet ..
LOL will read it in a bit!!
A successful organization: only half of it is business sense. The other half is organizational health
to be honest I could care less one way or the other. I doesn't affect me in a bad or good way
Let the insanity begin! .8 behind 1st.
Hate to get up early? Wear your workout clothes to bed and get your sweat on as soon as you wake up.
so jealous of all these SD/ #MW2012 tweets.....
Hi , did you get my message yesterday? I've been in touch with our development team and have some news.Thx.
i'm ok just deciding on what to eat for dinner - i cant decide!!!!
#H2SCambioLive Enter To The Pagee... Enjoy it
Obstacles can't stop you. Problems can't stop you. Most of all, other people can't stop you. Only you can stop you. ~ Jeffrey Gitomer
Happy 18th Birthday Trayvon Martin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> R.I.P Hun <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Spec. Prosecutor Corey seems to be thanking & gladhanding everyone. Is she running for an office?
RT/follow for disaster news, facts & awareness, survival tips, contests & giveaways, preparedness hints, and more from FastPreparedness.com
Had a great time. Thank you!
My mother f'en irritates me!
RT“: Having a penis is sometimes really annoying.” so true
I saw Mrs Smith today hahahaha freshman science was so fun lolol (':
I retweet so much.
has directed the #Wisconsin Dept. of Workforce Development to create a minorty unemployment task force for
I'm just going to say it: Fuck companies who offer unpaid internships but demand that interns work 30-40 hours/week. It's disgraceful.
The OSBLN is happy to announce our next "Sunday Evening Sports Talk Speaker," from & #BaAM on Mar.25 7:30pm J200
says u want her gina
hey BOL, r u guys at DEFCON this year ?
Teacher held my Research Project as if it was trash -_____- wow
Hope Jennifer, is HAVING A WONDERFUL BIRTHDAY. You are an INCREDIBLE WOMAN, LOVE YOU!
Aw, but still try to have good 1D dreams xD
: J's Taxi Dispatch is Offering Airport Transportation- Downtown to airport $30.00 916-501-8171 Shared via TweetCaster
O.o wow, I wish I had that problem -_- how do u have all this blood? It should be inside of you, you need it
gotta love em [:
get that heat
But I lacked courage and she had a boyfriend and I was gawky and she was gorgeous and I was boring and she was hopelessly fascinating.
Idk where tf my head is at...
Still debating the perfect gift to give a friend? There's no sweeter gift than Joe Bucks!
it makes me crazy!
Watching old Eyedea battle vids.... Wads a supremely talented kid. RIP
gala for #SOMAgraduation is under way! Everyone looks so elegant and happy.
Today turned out to be quite traumatic really...I think I deserve some almond milk ice cream
Any San Francisco dates?
My sister said that this chick on 16 and pregnant has a busted face lol, don't they all or?
Agreed! RT Thx to everyone who came came out 4 #travelmassive last night. Was the best 1 yet!
you'd have to be!
just know that you won't be missed
The only problem with advocating the firing of David Gregory is that we could end up with Chuck Todd...
Young Jeezy and T.I. Open The 2011 BET Hip Hop Awards
RT : Tonight is a night of announcements! We're very close to an amazing opportunity to use TV to change lives. Can't wait...
wow how do you stay in the air so long?
EMWW .0039 x .005 Still trading well looking for a big move...
Less than 15% of the population takes time to write down their goals. Almost 100% of successful people do write them.
“:"as an artist it's your obligation to bridge the gap between your humanity and your divinity"best line yet #tedxnashville”/AGREED
I hope some of you will be able to attend and participate in our inaugural $10k GTD event. July 9th 1pm
Our signing at begins in a little over an hour! Will we see you there?
Artists ask "what might I do with that knowledge?"
sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep
RT MSNBC's Mark Halperin calls President Obama a "dick" on live TV. Enjoy the strip search/tax audit Mark!
don't you get paper cuts fuckin her
It's ok man I won 500 dollars this weekend in a cod tourney
Its not becoming at all.
Thanks to our signers: , , , and Patric Reynolds.
It could be worse. You could be having Jamaican Jerk Chicken or Irish Corn Beef and Cabbage..... or Canadian Bacon, eh?
I'm at legroom for hump night! Come out and join me till 4am!
Ugh, not John Harkes...how can you have such a classy Ian Darke together with the terrible Harkes?!?
I LOVE YOUR FACE!!!
check out our free climate change program. You can bring it to any a school. We will send you everything you need!
sweet deal! I figure I'm doing pretty good for only being 22 lol
ERPP would reserve one side of a block for cars with parking stickers. Parking stickers would go to people in that neighborhood.
Off to Rainbow Art Glass, to buy more goodies for the class I'm teaching at Thompson Park :)
do you still remember us? The mahomies who have been by your side since the beginning of 2011? I miss you...
Wow - AP reports that Steve Jobs has died.
yeah. I'm sure they will find some guy for them and eventually marry them.
I thought Michael Bolton was sent away by NASA years ago...huh? Now he's a rap star...side effects of viagra...hip hop syndrome.
#20ThingsAboutMe umm that won't fit in one tweet lol
I really need mother nature to get back onto her meds. This 80 to 30 degree weather is killing me. And I have no wardrobe for it.
Having a hard time sleeping......Ima just watch American dad till I doze off....
THATCamp part 2 - now learning to create maps and timelines using Google docs/fusion
happy birthday man
have to psych myself up for work tomorrow
Today's #Yankees shut out win was its first in a home opener in 10 years.
So, today is definitely a John Mayer kind of day
I know, right?
Downtown #Bellevue park is one of the best places to absorb some sun before winter. Anybody else know of some great spots to catch a sunset?
How was your day??(: #6MOREDAYS :) Can't wait!!! #YEE <33
Making some awesome chicken with green beans and bbq sauce wish mash potatoes :D
yep. See you at 2.
L is for the way you look at me
#OddOneDown CHECK THEM OUT!!! They are hella good(: though, he's mine(:
"Would Adobe recommend to a friend or colleague?" Unequivocally "yes"!
I hate this.
Had a great time tonight with ...good people, great music..
sorry about that!! it was a simple mishap!
-- who's getting the pink slip?
so glad mama english is a lawyer
It's hot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> I'm sweating like crazy, I hate when that happens. It started after my surgery <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
REal cute! Who designed those??
What tea in ya cup now?
That's because he's the coach. RT How bad is Chris Paul hurting? The entire Clippers bench is on their feet but him.
Awww...did you take pictures? I know that was totally cute!
I mean it on every level possible lol I never thought I'd still be in DC, still at AARP, running a BLOG! All are great things.
Lol I'm go lazy
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes throughout San Antonio Texas.
Before leaving for any place Justin chew gum #Bieberfacts I also do, is like a tradition hahaha ok not
Soccer is my life <3
Kelly Ripa is the nicest and cutest person ever! Watch Twin Cities Live today at 3. John is live from NYC!
don't forget to stop by for 1/2 price #pizza night! mention PURE ENERGY CYCLING and receive 1/2 off select pies!
Thanks new followers!!!! Keep spreading the word about this page and :)
I know! At least we still have the Buckeyes!
Good morning world!! Heading to Dim Sum with talk about a great product. If you haven't their salt yet go get in now.
Hello Jaqui, I missed your responses about indoor landscaping services until today. Do you service Charlottesville, VA?
I do lol. It's freezing, I'm soaked, I need to pee SO badly, and we're still outside
Follow Her She Follows Back!!!
#Cardinals If Cards don't make playoffs this season, they'll point to last night's 9th inning fold vs. the Mutts as the beginning of the end
Hey #weatherman-- what happened to the sunshine? I appreciate you save it for the wknd but we want it during the wk also!
#SDSU jazz & choral students are performing Latin American/Mexican faves at the Organ Pavilion, Sat, May 5 at 5 PM. Free....
why is it that when you're bored all you do is eat?! -.-
yeah.. It's meh.
Law School 101, How to get your client acquitted: tell the jury she is a dumb slut. /via
plz tell him to follow me!
You Lead your own Path! So what You Do Determines What Type Of Life You Will Have.
I don't care what watch you be flossin, you still MyMainManMike regardless.
New dexter tonight!!
u get my txt
At least it wasn't a soul patch.
Voting's officially closed in the gingerbread house poll; we'll announce the sweet results tomorrow.
Thanks to and for their co-sponsorhip on today's #Copyright / #Fair Use Webinar. Approx 680 people listened in!
Happy 15th Birthday! I hope it's an amazing day for you.
It is advisable to ask their requirements as far as selling a junk car
I'm so glad is schoolin these faux wackos.
Ok I got you Erin, next time I have people over
40hrs. The only person with Split Days off. Working on & thru my birthday. & you give the days I should have off to 2 other employees?Really
checkout our music on youtube..the channel is supra91411....hip hop/rap....twin rappers...
Thanks!!! I've been on set quite a bit so I'm sure we have seen each other:)
For the first time since I moved to Chicago, I saw another Linux user in the wild. It's a small thing, but it always makes me happy.
#tie2011, Good Morning, MWacker and Online Pro.Development, Lookin Good so far
yea I'm going to hit that up #lemonpepper maybe I'll see Troy Aikman !
Ha! “: How many people will commit suicide over the latest Facebook redesign? I'm putting the over/under at 7."
We should be able to make it too...it sounds like a lot of fun...looking forward to it!!
RT So a tropical storm is gonna pound Boston during Kennedy memorial. I am sure God is telling us something. Anyone ask John Piper?
I'm sure I'll be there sooner than later! I just won't have my blonde sidekick with me this year!
thanks Matt
Whats your favorite Finding API call?
apparently I've gone horribly wrong. Undoing an hours work :( x
So incredibly deserved! Well done! RT Big thanks for all the congrats coming in for on Beard Award. Exhaling now.
I haven't said anything about it to her...lol
Let us help you with your marketing contact us today for your free consultations a value of $99. North Florida | (407)486-4387
how is it going for you at USD? Make it ok?
#POTUS on with Ki Rizzdall talking about investing in teachers as a part of the American Econm. Comeback Strategy.
service plan for what, pardon my ignorance?
Though through the world theres too much of all three of those. Though the Moments of the memories I recall I look back and see and hear
Limbaugh against gay marriage. He's been married FOUR times. He has the stones to talk about the 'sanctity' of marriage? Pot. Kettle. Black.
Chat is rolling along -- Q3 up next!
yeah! I saw some comments from the backchannel, would love to see the prezi
Headaches suck ass! One more night then off all weekend! I think I can, I think i can. Wait, I have to haha
read the other article I retweeted that shows all the benefits he got from America. Least he can do is pay his taxes
ok now ur just joking
I wish you a happy and blessed Easter! Jesus rose after suffering and dying; and you too can overcome and rise above your trials and pain.
We took Josie to her first "yappy hour" tonight, and she LOVED it! Went right up to the big doggies and everything.
what do you mean?
I'll play you two by myself
Hey Brandon!! Was so great seeing you too! Hope to come back and visit Norfolk soon!! Love that place!
I'm going to hurt
Did Hurdle really just give his manager card to Bruce Arians. I will blame this atrocity on BA.
cool. Got any other material online I can check out?
Great job for proposing ivy league community college online and in public space
listening to music
Sitting in the cinema, ready to watch the movie, then BOOM! The human giraffe sits in front of you.
"Whenever inspiration doesn't find u, u have to find it"
Sometimes my business takes me to places no one should ever have to go. This time=Arizona. Say it ain't so!
Just got a spoofed DM from you. :-( Check those allowed apps.
Just in one of those moods when I'm just done
That's when I knew Francisco was going to have that meltdown after the inconsistent ball/strike calls.
What's the timing on your distro deal with Wawa?
can you take out my move like this and put in the one i sent u?! Please
unfortunately that's always a possibility...
So if she didn't want to talk about it all she had to do was tell he! Not jump up and run away
. sees FRBR problem: where is inheritance if attributes are disjoint? (only work has subject, manifestation has typeface)
Robin Hood: Men In Tights. Mel Brooks = #genius EROCK
Cool research!
This is scary shit
"We were made to be lovers bold in broken places, pouring ourselves out again and again until we're called home."
): well that's a bummer, theres some really bad rappers that become famous&get heard&the good ones are just waiting.
Critics Consensus: Dark Shadows Doesn't Scare Up Enough Laughs This week at the movies, Tim Burton and Johnny Depp reteam to spoof the 19
I don't even know you and you love me. ILY2 <:) <3
The GPPC Spring Directors' Meeting is going on right now. Hearing reports on this year's events and making plans for next year!
Hi David - hope the year is off to a great start for you!
this pic has been up for almost two weeks. Your behind brah
She's no novice though. We don't have a Sharron Angle on our hands.
Yes, I will be behind the bar tonite Who's gonna come play with me?
it is in March. My brain has already moved on from January :)
Hehe! Yay!!! I know, I'm so excited!!! They've been so awesome!
Oh tomorrow I can't wait for you to get here! I'll be basking in that beautiful sunshine all day!
Vega Communications loves working on fabulous Wordpress sites. Does your company have an optimized site?
Well, that's the end of my week. Thanks for reading what I do all day!
Many in law enforcement agree. Not every immoral act/idea should be target of civil law. But, weed was huge gateway 4 me!
I LOVE the NewOrleansonline.com website!!!! Very easy to navigate! Kudos... do they have a twitter??
im just done :/
DONE with my first semester at Vanderbilt, and I could not be happier with the way everything has fallen into place in the last 4 months. <3
Thank you all the new followers! I will follow you back.
Oh Very nice! Thanks for sending that Paolo, nice pooch too :D
“: haha Ill know them when I see them! #smwsportsbiZ”live chats with players for added value? Post game?
"if Syracuse" is a trending topic today... please complete the sentence - If Syracuse......
I don't know what is worst, my starcraft 2 game, or the amount of girls with herpes from MLG events that we have in this community.
TV stories without visuals are boring. Reporters need pictures/visuals to tell a story. If you don’t have visuals, you won’t have coverage.
I want more then what I got.
Im so hungry >.< i want alot and our advisory is little so we're probably going to get 4th's xD lol
can't be healthy lmfaooo
It's nice out
Bette Davis-ing to meet up w/ !
chyeahhhhh. Saw him at pride last year!
Nothing against digital, but it's great to be shooting a movie with film.
Don't let football season start without educating Coaches on how to teach players to keep the CROWN of their helmet out of the tackle.
Every time I see a tweet from I think it's Strangely similar avatars.
Rise Up, Stand Tall! GYT Know yourself. Know your status. Get Yourself Tested.
yo Brookie Lyn, I see you are keeping an eye out for me, eh!!!
Spaghetti bolognese in Appolo lounge Me and my G from Tennessee thats how I roll around.. haha what up G
I'm gonna need that skateboard wrench tomorrow
Wow. Too much of the good life, I guess. Trying on clothes at
Just purchased my Richards #Flyers jersey via eBay.
Quinn mulls using executive order to create insurance exchange
China aims to become an innovator, not just manufacturer. While our schools cut back on art and creativity, China is investing in it.
Both.Of.Them. omg, i could never chose!
Last weekend had talkbacks on prep fashion, on feminism, + w/ the cast. Don't miss "Meet Pete" with A.R. Gurney after Friday's performance!
Another wonderful weekend in good ol Aggieland, but I am officially a "has been"
Oliver Samuels is no doubt the most humorous Jamaican comedian there is. Once you see him perform you're guaranteed loads of laughter
will be writing a paper today from 10am-4am.
Really enjoyed your blog.. glad you stumbled upon mine! Kinda think you may be the guy version of me.. lol
You know that gross feeling you get after you eat a ton of pizza? Like, you feel dirty and need to shower? I have that.
heard that you are purposing to ? If so, Awwh!<3 iloveyou(as a fan)
im your world but your my universe<333
looking for people to follow. Any suggestions? :)
pretty much haha..but then we got mad bc he didn't get nominated for a Grammy haha..well it's in the pudding sir <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Found out Houston has flood damaged cars. Not sure what storm did this. Anyone know?
lol are you getting hurricane irene, we getting it tomorrow night, time to party lol
saw and heard Ursula Endlicher's online art project!
Ditto! do tell!
So sad to hear about departure from ! Simply, an unparalleled man. Looking forward to your new project!
Ted Williams~ The inside half of the plate. Thats where historys made.
Should be interesting to see if Klout survives (or what might come next)
I'm working on one right now, but I can't guarantee it will be good :P
oh cool. im color yellow. kk bye.!
“: I wonder for how many people this is the first time they've seen Brian in person. #dfwtweetoff #DFWSEM #SMCDallas” me!
thanks can u follow. my group page
you're my #twitter jukebox!
Will try...can't promise anything!
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew :(
Good morning lovely people
I only listen to thug music now, that other stuff makes me think to much..
Offering Continuing Education Training for Educators, Parents, Vision Therapists, & Occupational Therapists....
great event last night at North GA Wedding Alliance. Loved chatting with you.
that too. But shed lbs first!
sounds about right. thx!
New #JackWhite is streaming free today.
you're my everything , dont leave me
I'm great! Been doing a lot of organizing and planning offline - getting my s**t together. How are you, Andie?
At half time at The Blue Cross Arena It's your Mammoth 7 and the Knighthawks 5.
Tired frm walk damn another long day
the smell may cloak you... No one ever said the dead dont fart, they lack muscle control to clench....
of course we read them
Wow, do I ever love a little setting on the projector called "quick corner"
the question is not why we exist or how we came to exist but sense we do exist now what?
ANYTHING YOU NEED BOYS, ANYTHING YOU NEED :-)
Platinum Diamonds*
2/2 tech, but how to achieve in dungeon classes built in 1890s?
FREE Business Cards in New York City > www.800printingnyc.com
Obama will not have problem getting reelected with the current field of GOP candidates.
Wheels Up
Yes. A lot. It's just dumb how this date was set MONTHS ago...there was plenty of time to gtfo !
Ewww!! truck driver just honked his horn and mouthed "I love you" to us lmao
Ahh more new clothes (:
Thanks for finding my nametag. May have left other things in your bedroom as well so please keep an eye out.
OUT IN MAY 2012: THE POLITICS OF EDUCATION REFORM IN THE MIDDLE EAST - Self and Other in Textbooks and Curricula
Oh, nice Grand Slam there Cruz. Wow.
...of our institution and at the same time defend the pursuit of pure and applied (much easier) knowledge from all sides.
“: That annoying feeling when you're dying to talk to someone, but you refuse to text them first.” ya feel me?
I agree with you more than GOP leadership agrees with you. RT Obama loves Latinos so much he deports so many
Any advice on controlling the #boomstick? I gotta get my #boomdunk in check for tomorrow.
It's number one right now when I go there.
OMG I'M WATCHING IT TOO! I'M ABOUT TO SHIT MY PANTS LAUGHING, AHAHA.
Mothers keep our world afloat. Happy mothers day to all the lovely mothers in the world. <3
#WaysToBeginSex "Hey, nice shoes. Wanna...?"
thank you sir. I follow all of 2a region 3 basketball and a little 3a and 4a in east Texas. Always willing to help if neefed
“Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are."
At charlotte airport waiting, my flight to Columbus-Ohio , 4 round of !
I would have to say the whole album is awesome but I love Lost in the World and Dark Night especially!!
Thanks for the request ! Start your day w/ a hot cup of 2mrw @ 9am. We'll be playing them throughout the day!
i swear the kings will never catch a break at the
Thanks, you too!!
When your bestfriend replaces you<<<
is the cockiest dude ever. #24/7 I can't wait to see the fight.
ATL is so warm & dry..... Can't wait to get bk to WI
don't shit come easy .. if u want it GO GET IT ...
I've heard he's a pretty righteous dude!
U can die from drugs to help you sleep but last I checked you cant die from a lack of sleep.
Time for bud light platinum
I just want it to be summer already.
Who wants to be called by me
Me: i hate school mom: and?? Me: wow thanks for the boost of support Haha lln my mom doesnt understand
A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest person.
• My iPod shuffle and I don't agree on what 'shuffle' means....
yes u are. That's your friend matter of fact #UggsFriend Lmao
Social Media takes two key things to make it successful. Content & Action
Were you able to confirm that Austin date?
Imagination is intelligence having fun.
Our new location will be opening July 25th. We've had some castings already but come downtown to get an app!
Watch 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS now, we're in St. Paul where fire investigators say someone set a house on fire while 2 kids and 4 adults were home.
It's easy to say, 'I love you,' to someone, but it's more meaningful to thank someone for loving you. - Jon Bon Jovi
I'm so used to seeing you with braces it's weird not seeing them there. But it's a good weird!!<3
Creek going hard this year. Fk seabreeze, mainland, FPC, Deland, and University!!!!!!!
i disagree
Literally my life consists of going to school then listening to , &
Happy Monday! Please take advantage of your last chance to Vote on Tuesday Nov. 2. We are almost there! All our hard work has brought us...
Really want to try Doritos taco at Taco Bell, but I'm afraid I'll blow up like the Nutty Professor after the potion wore off.
Had a great lunch.
Dirty dancing is on!!
did you get a puppy?
Hi! Doing great. Traveling on the east coast right now for a show. How are you?? All is good in alt?
what a dilemma #hashtag “: #I #love #to #hashtag”
Wow, thanks GOP. #DontDoubleMyRatesOhio #studentloans I'm working hard to create opportunity and this is what happens
u okay? just checking in on ya... :)
I'm too lazy. using a fork instead of washing a spoon for my ice cream
FridayNight...only 2 things are on my mind...and that is KUSH & STUDIO TIME!!!
that should make you feel better lol. Is it all swollen?
Been so busy... Havent been on twitter in forever... Thanks to all my new followers and thanks to everyone that has tweeted me.
#CNN confirms the name of the #US agent in center of the prostitution scandal in Colombia was Agent Arthur Huntington
Midnight Movie- Not completely horrible. made me jump once which is always a good sign. Good old creepy movie theaters.
they are so good, the ones from frosty freeze!
I saw some scum bag grab a bottle of water out of a garbage can and pour it all over his body and the water was brown!
oh there you are, goofy grin jonald :D
...naturally it was set in east Texas.
I CAN'T I THINK IM GONNA DIE
If only parents knew how to control their children smh
Sadly no delivery but you can always run over for carry-out!
try an ELB inside VPC! It can do that :)
ADULTS COME EXPERIENCE A GREAT SALSA CLASS. NO EXPERIENCE OR PARTNER REQUIRED. $15 DROP-IN FEE , ALL ARE WELCOMED!
Whenever I say Love Rain in Korean I start singing We are class B (Dream High 2)( I Keep saying Sarang Bi Bi Bi ----) its wrong though.
Going to Ferrari Maserati of Atlanta tomorrow!!!!
Check out the activity on #40Dollars launched by the White House. Politics aside, a simple, bite-sized way to get people talking.
If you're going to dish out take it!!!
it was non stressful day. How about you?
My Oscar® Pick, Best Director: Terrence Malick (The Tree of Life)
Ready to start a weekend of Expecting To Fly performances followed by the opening of premiere, #AFT. Big weekend of
Rather than fight traffic in the rain I decided to metro to the airport this morn. File this under
new phone(: its pretty gnarly!!
"Modern Family", "Revenge" and "American Horror Story"....... just waiting for "The Good Wife!"
Train professionals and u still fail.
“: It's 2:30am here in Miami. Can't sleep! Jet lags a biiiiiiiaaaatchhh!!!!!!!” Star sightings <U+2764>
So many mentions omg <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Large kangaroos cover more than 30 feet with each jump.
Tomorrow's #first-quarter-moon in Libra means we should actively reach out to other to help us reach our goals this month.
It has been unbelievable. Wonderful, but also a bit disconcerting. But, I'll take it.
i think i'm addicted to kool-aid .
Lack of multi-monitor support in Full Screen apps takes OS X Lion down a peg or two for me.
RT Never know how fat you really are until someone snaps a photo when you're not sucking it all in. sigh.
hell, there's a chance even was #cool10yearsago. And know what I would have told you then? #shestooyoungforyoubro!
& my family in Mexico! & Italy!
I want to see the pictures when you do--I promise to RT them LOLOL!!
"Dude, she just called u lazy" ... "What! Go tell her i'm not"
it was but I had to wait to get lectured again lol
Wahh my twitter won't load anything. :/
ready for lift off
Sorry for the delay on getting the free demos out we are waiting on the mastering house to finish up but don't worry I will get them out ...
At the biggest strip club in the country and my girl is the hottest one here
good news boys is there will be a lot of room to tailgate. #$27parking
hello my name is...my name is.....lol what's god homeboy!? I need to come to the ATL for some "fresh air" lmao
Diablo 3's really kicking Max Payne 3's ass on Twitter. Maybe that's because the people who bought MP3 are busy playing it.
Speaking later tonight at Wisconsin "Ag Women's Summit" co-sponsored by , Badgerland Financial, and WI Farm Bureau Federation
#gwu, Try the sandwich and let us know what you think of it
Florida law makers refuse to shut down the pawn operations and the drug supply, but rush to privatize jails they are filling with children.
indeed it was. Getting geared up over here. Big game!!
I love these Mother and Son talks.
If I post a controversial tweet, I try to post a source. There is so much false info and so many blind alleys on Twitter.
Ray Allen with a missed freethrow. Hawks with a chance to tie win with a 3
#FollowFriday I enjoy the info these people share.
on tenure, supportive until we find a better way to protect against teaching freely.
Hahahha that's true... So you'd prob have to date someone who's not conceited at all... But mostly everyone is somewhat conceited
What do you need to do to access materials in the Harold Washington closed stacks? Thanks!!!
No doubt
Thats a fire hazard! Make sure u have a good escape route in case of a fire,
Cuts all over from thorns.... Yummy
": Kill the Keystone pipeline ..."Oh no sir...approval of the pipeline is undoubtedly the right thing for America!
My prayers have been sent to the basketball gods... only two weeks away now from being really rich
Greg Kulowiec's webinar on Primary Sources- great ideas!
New comedy film , "21 Jump Street", gets surprisingly good reviews. If are looking for a good laugh, stop by the movies and catch this film
Beautiful. Is it a boy? (you said "he") And when is he/she due?
That it did :D
how is it over thier
im giving u permission lol
time for you guys to weigh in on Bo blocking Uthoff to ACC/Marquette/Iowa St.
It's Happy Hour all day long in Hillsboro Village! Come get any latte or cappuccino with any slice of cake for only $4.00!
Whos going to the #artwalk tonight?
Wherever we fall on the same-sex marriage issue, I'm not sure alienating 70% of the American public was a good idea for our president.
I draw or paint any picture, see my work www.leocortesstudios.com dnt wry bout money, I'm flexible
loved the U2. Can you play more from first five albums? Pretty please!!!
And #Beertown takes a couple day break. But no rest for the ensemble as we plan new proposals for the final week.
thanx, I hope u had a good day to....
Never has a lesson been made so readily clear to me. This time, Patience, I will Learn You like my lyrics And Own you like my Song.
You better play Mass Pike in the encore. First song.
Watched #thewantedonidol tonight & ...... you are such a flirt (;
Jury was hung on one count, split 8-2 for conviction in Arevalos trial.
not sure if I'm more excited for the conference or the food...
Listening to Etta James: The Essential Modern Records Collection (Virgin) "Hey Henry!" "Crazy Feeling". These are a Friday afternoon party!
#illbeastar mark my words.
I hate people who tweet articles about themselves
RT : Wait...David Brooks defines "ESPN masculinity" as "postfeminist"!?
Alexandra Wilson, the founder of is coming to speak at today! So excited.
Baby you finer then your fine cousin ;)
you are the reason that I smile and the reason for my happiness <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
RT : Yes, you're going to the wrong place! I live in Boston too. Check out Massage Envy ()...
"four-berry coulis" = love.
my desk is such a mess...
...and now Harrison has a cold. No appetite, actually WANTED to nap today. Ergh.
I would rather hurt than feel nothing at all.
Android Loosens iPad's Market Grip
UGH....Mondays
Tricky Moby-Dick
Another new Zoe Sharp coming January 2013! DIE EASY
Thanks for the follow, Holly.
that's cool about your role in Sucker! Tell me more :)
I get up in the morning, torture a #typewriter until it screams, then stop.
for reals! I'll show you who it is on monday kay! >:o
I'm fluent in Coleslaw.
Thank you! If I cared I could have turned ESPN, ESPNNEWS, ESPN.com That was ridiculous
“: WTF Virginia?” // EXACTLY
Remember that episode of #Futurama where Fry drinks 100 cups of coffee and achieves hyperspeed? Welcome to me writing my #lawschool paper
The weekend came and went as fast blink of an eye.
You ok if I put these on the website and use for presentations? Citing you of course!
that's what I thought!
Sumtimez I Think Im Waistin Ma Time Wit Her Like Watz Ma Purpose Wit Her
This live stream of opening ballet event is magnificent, can't stop watching!
Mall with Logan !
Secured a pricey bottle of Founders CBS today Have retail craft beer prices officially jumped the shark?
Come #PLAYY w/ me this Fri night 11/11 10pm-2am w/ a live performance at midnight by Interscope recording artist
Well I feel better, a CNBC host just actually said looks like there might be a lower opening with Dow Futures off over 150 points. Really?
Burn, Syracuse not included in that 5???
I sent that to everyone online omfg
You're cracking me up too. :-)
Ooooohhh…you mean we get to meet f2f??? When is the NYC trip?
What could you be ecstatic about right now if you really wanted to be? (he asked himself)
Haha My YouTube account getting blocked from Penis Palermo.
RT : Thanks to Riverside Fdn for asking me to emcee/auctioneer tonites great event at Marriott Lincolnshire. We raised big $.
lol come see me
Thanks for stopping by! Yay live bodies. RT Back on 94.5 The Lake with news.
RT : The #lpc National Policy Chair, , is on Twitter. Follow her for great updates!
Great to meet you today as well. I look forward to hearing about great things happening with soon!
Cafeteria lunches
Ok Juicy, send me your email adress and Ill send u some smooth music
Goodbye to baggage ha!.
The event is Saturday and starts at 7. We should be there a little earlier. It is set to end at 9, but I see us staying later.
MT - Did you know Wilmington, DE was originally named Willingtown but was renamed Wilmington in 1739?
well i see Sunshine is here ...
it was within city limits
because I love the vicodin/
Holy moly, Jerry!! Weird sleep aid??
I have this massive urge to see Skrillex live..
#SanDiegomayor debate: impressed. 1st time I remember all being strong.
Mo money Mo problems
Nope - insane aren't I? Heh, I will include a couple business cards if you know anyone who might like what I do pass 'em out. :)
The best batting song of the season award goes to Congratulations.
RT skip bayless “: Tim Tebow RT name a rapper better then me and I'll delete my account”"”
Living breathing words; beautiful words- they’ve become so thick in spread with their beats exposed- wide open in substance.
Shoutout to Jaylen from Hawaii or a follow please? <U+2665> I love you Ari. :D
": So much on your mind that you start to get a headache :( <<<<" calm down hun
Wats cracking white boy!
Starbucks and funnel cakes for breakfast today (: #LateStart <U+2665>
Just heard papers from #codcon12 will be accessible online from 2-4pmGMT on next three Saturdays! So cool! #openaccess Passwd on yr badge!
sad day when you wake up and all the booz you had for today was drank last night, and you have the headache as proof
Glad you did too....and ! Love you guys! Xoxo
I am so glad #TheVoice is back!
He's good, isn't he? Check out and from House of Consignment on VH1 - check it out on eBay too!
the fact that you are there and not here. har!
Of course! Loved your speech last night.
4yr olds r a trip when they think they getting away wit shit
RT : with sincerest thanks and humble appreciations, it is our heartbreaking duty to announce that Riverwest24 2012 has sold out
as of 2 days ago :)
WHY SO FLAWLESS
u smile, i smile
k don't text me back then.
<blushing> Thank you for the kind words!
it will get better soon. ;)
Mother's Day is very bad. Shouldn't I crush the Sun Chips into my eggplant breading or are you going to say I shouldn't have the salt?
The text I just sent hahahahahaa >>
On any clock on the wall the time is now!!!
I'm my worst enemy.
Let's just say their is #voterFraud, how about we start implementing the law in the 2014 election then. Whats the rush. whn there is no prf
definitely a respectable top 3
need some cloth diapering supplies? Check out !!!
I have no choice but to win...Let that be said...
We love you dog!!!
Just for reference #RockinTitsThursday is a made up holiday. It exists thanks to
have you bought anything from shoedazzle yet?
That is inspiration.
#Packers remind fans attending Sunday's 3:15 game to arrive early to allow time for security screening, especially given the colder weather
wish you could be here!
lol did I tell you you're our official best friend yet?
in other news,we will be bringing big brands next month to the site. i know we wanted to keep it underground but theyre hittin us up for biz
I dont know how to do it so it aint the best (: lmfaooooo ! Ugh ! i dont know nothing dude .
#ArentYouTiredOf people not knowing how to spell?
damn! Too late!
RT Sick of the dbbl standard: T-bags came ARMED to political meetings & SPAT on Congressmen but now RW is all "alarmed" about
A pleasure, my dear, but the thanks should go to who curates all things story with his scoop.it e-mag
Organizing tip: fixed enough lasagna for a few days. Next I'll make is dirty rice :-)
you all just tweet so fast ....
Soon to be trending RT :
"What if we knew a different way of leading into the future...and we took that risk?"-Gary Mangiofico
Just saw film trailer for The Iron Lady. Meryl Streep as Margaret Thatcher defending her pearls! I got chills and my bones turned to jello.
I loved the video <33
are we still on for 6?Text my manager w the details. You have the #. Thanks TTY in a bit
Friends w/vehicles in mke, don't forget that tonight begins winter parking regulations!
Happy New Year everyone! We wish you all the best in 2012!
It's one of our favorite shirts! Thanks for the shout out Amber!
That freaks me out cause this old man that lives near me drives an old police car. #creepy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
me me me me
Let's talk about how over rated prom is.
Thank u for the information and u r so right it was perfect timing
Thx v much for the RT!
Cool. will do. RT : also- make your way over to Peoria/Madison area soon! I could use some curry for lunch.
Bear got him some guns
falling apart:(
Hey #ABQ! You get AlbuKirky BBQ Sauce & Rub at Keller's on Eubank & Coors. Just in time for your Labor Day #BBQ!
That's legit! ill have to go back and watch for more carefully. When's your Castle episode??
thank you! :D
Thanks for the tip on reading fMRI data! From the looks of it Osirix has some very robust capabilities. Sick!, Sick!, Sick! ht ...
the way I am right now? O.o toda chilmotrufia? Hahaha jk amor I will don't worry! :)
I am, I love San Diego
The May issue will be ready soon. Exciting new features including read-in Facebook app!
There was a storm? I was some place else...
chipotle ranch, lettuce, tomato, patty, pep jack, jalepenos, patty, pep jack, bacon, fried egg. It was delicious!
Hahaha! Got a lot of people! “: Sh*t, we thought there were only 30 days in March stupid April Fool's joke.
Need to see Rhyner in that Beach Boys hat and Petty Theft covering Good Vibrations.
i think i got a hit coming soon fucc wit it
cook for me please!!
word? i had a strange dream too last night
Gonna lay some tracks at home....
Thanks for following us
I love the Christian entrance song.
me and had one very serious 100% protein breakfast lol. oh man how i need a veggie fix stat
It's a shame that redistricting places such an emphasis on dividing us by our ethnicity, rather than forcing us to work together.
Knowledge is power. The power to make other people feel stupid.
Oh how I hate door-to-door salesmen with their heavy knocking that sends my dogs into a barking frenzy. And when they knock twice? Grrr...
I definitely want to!
Thanks a lot man!
A free book to those abroad. Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z. Enjoy
thank you! Hope you had a wonderful holiday!
I wonder how it feels like to break a bone?
Keeping this in mind... RT 3 Lessons Writers Can Learn From the Super Bowl bit.ly/xYGoC0
haha yes we do!! Did u get tickets?
i feel you! i occasionally contemplate a retweet but they just aren't appropriate sometimes.
I am a proud alum of my this morning!! Great job guys!!
thx for the great mtg, ! Love yr work, approach, and results for websites. Let's work together soon.
i applied for wackos the other day and was called in for a interview...lol i didnt realize it was a gentlemans club..i think ill skip out
Erik Kratz on his way to Atlanta as Phils place Thome on DL - Jim Salisbury ()
both my parents have it and my grandfather, we also know my eating habits are bad
“: ouch!! well we love ya unconditionally cuz its cyberspace! :-) "
Thanks for the explanation. BTW, geeks are cool.
This week is gonna be ridiculous
what it do world?
Show: 2010-08-26 - LIVE IN BellingHam @ Cabin Tavern
RT if you'll be taking the #SAT on January 28!
No problem xD, and of course you deserve more than 1.2K cause you're amazing. <3
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
is stirring the morning pot for the panel! Go Will, Go! Loving today's playlist songs. :)
When the smoke detector goes off, it's time to flip the grilled cheese sandwich.
Happy Father's day to all!
had a great gig last night.... fun to be able to play all jazz!
Over-thinking ruins you. Ruins the situation, twists things around, makes you worry & just makes everything much worse than it actually is
Not happy with the Lakers closing out the 1st half.
It was really nice of somebody in Idaho to text me Happy Mother's Day. Too bad I have no idea who this person is.
had TimeMachine error 13 - can't create sparsebundle. AND, I believe the previous backups. It's just 'starting over' but ergh
It may be that those who do most, dream most.
With my bestfriend. The bitch went to get her paycheck. Took the keys so I can't drive away.
I Am So Thankful For My Life And All The Amazing Things In It...God Is Good..So Seek Him... :)
Congrats to Omaha Skutt and Creighton Prep for winning state titles in boys soccer
I am not touching Maurice Jones-Drew in Fantasy Football! Health concerns!
I look like a fat creeper. #imsolonely lol
RT You're only 3 or 4 books away from being an expert on any subject-- best advice I've gotten all week!
I was. Shouldn't the leader show always show up? I don't have a gmail.
In the #RoaringTwenties after lynchings took place against blacks in Tulsa and Rosewood the largest race riots took place in America.
I ought to say a public thank you to for being good sports. Thank you.
(: Wow! You are so tupid! Why you call ugly? He is the most beauitiful person I know!
If procrastination was my major, I'd make the Dean's List
did u get my msgs abt the fav 5 n my bro ?
ALERT: ok? We'll take it! RT I have the privilege of shooting in the Holy Grail of college bball!!
Sam try something else!!
' Oh geez twitter picking on you too!
Hey hes mine! Nobody else can have him!
Today we honor hipster president Warren Harding because he president before it was Coolidge
Obesity in pregnancy may be link to autism
accountability: an integral part of the transaction of open leadership. actions are expected for the chance to innovate
they better save some $ for the CQ manager <rolling eyes />
yeah that's fine :)
Exactly. But "The American Way" = bedrock values of respect for group diversity w/o infringing indiv. liberty...
Just arriving to my 8 am. Guess how much i care that i'm 30 min late
Thanks everyone! This was great. :)
What? Where's that?
May sound simple but for me it was profound. : a great resource to any #business owner looking to improve efficiency and profits
We are a Real Estate Investment Company.
“: thx for the retweet luv!” of course! must visit SoCal soon, the hotels sound fantastic
Talking about your ex to your girlfriend or boyfriend #Dontdothat"
we really appreciate it! I hope when our ep comes out everyone will enjoy it even more!
What's scarier? Lindsay or Whitney? Watch our hilarious Halloween Outspoken video, then take the poll!...
Easter haircut time with Kingston...:) this will be fun! LOL
Thanks - I am looking forward to presenting for CLO's 3/22 webinar!
yeah I get at you soon about zodiac
Most girls here are bitchy & a little stuck up... Some guys are just... Well they belong in 1st grade lol
THE ALL-STAR GAME IS AT ORLANDO
Twitter On My Blackberry,,,Nice
welcome back, what was the event u got 2nd in (if I rem tweet correctly)?
I think if anyone asked me how I would move to Mt. Fuji I would be stumped...
the mjr categories 4 the UCR stats R murder, forcible rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary,larceny-theft & car theft
just be careful if you're ever sick/tired. Could be trouble!
I love you too, William <3333
can please just announce what we're doing on may 12th already?!
Can't wait for this weekend <3 finally gunna get to hang out with my Mallory bo (:
Made it to work safely. Roads are clear but overpasses are slick. And it's still lightly snowing in LR.
Damn, listening to beats I made back in 99-00!!
your very welcome and good night <3
Thank to everyone that came out tonight! Our set ruled! :] We saw y'all getting down! ;) that's what we like to see! :D
A girl in class was so nice enough to help me out & fix it though<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Yo, I can hear every word your sayin son. I'm right in front of you and your practically screaming.
Had a awful week
Merry X-mas!!! We wouldn't be a band w/o you guys and we wouldn't be playing shows either. Thanks for the support and stay tuned! -Murota
I like seeing someone smile and knowing I made them happy. :)
I called u u didn't pick up I want to tell u something it's 911 it's an emergence
yay!!!!!! I'm going back and forth lol.
You'll have to drink mine for me. cc
God, please help me to make the right decision.
Brit told me our neighbor sell....yess lord I needed that blessing
oh God I love Mr Bates!!!
Scraping a few bucks together for a ruben and a pint at the Gotham for work time lunch. I've been good at keeping lunch out to a minimum.
ADHD stands for "attention deficit hyperactivity disorder" by the way, sorry for any confusion!
you are not the only one
Taco bell <3
sorry I don't have an iphone
Great show! Saturday night !!! So good I saw it twice. So proud of Gabe Capone.
It is so not my day
Meant told obviously. Just think the messaging was poor. It's been 2 weeks and I'm not even shipped.
Was trayvon standing his ground?
“: Power out in most libraries on Seattle campus, inc servers hosting our websites and services. No ETA yet.”
#jackieduplain you know what it is
I preshade all the love you guys have been showing us over at yess sir track pro.
haha.. Yea yinz better be prepared!!
New drops tonight!!! Can't wait
Our CM is in love w/ the elote (corn) from Taqueria at park - any places in DC make this delectable treat outside of #Nats park?
The more I learn abt the more I'm amazed by their spirit& more I pray 4 them!
Won't let me message you back b/c you don't follow me. Address is 818 S. Gammon Rd. Madison, WI 53719
Will do. Definitely based upon actual data from assessment conducted. A little different from my friend Larry P.
Seriously would marry that old lady
he would have liked to have seen his brother, an alien like himself in a violent land
The Coffee party.....can't those peeps be original? ha ha...freaking morons... The Tea Party is still misunderstood by Dems and Libs.
i know its the right thing to do but why does it have to hurt so much...
for what?
*me RT": #EveryoneHasThat1Friend that you greet with an insult."
Blood drive went great! I have a hole in each arm... Battle scars for being a hero!
A few new projects getting posted this week ....stay tuned. You'll love them!
babe you look amazing. I think you can afford to eat a waffle cone
Yay, Spring Break! Yay reading history stuff, but I'm already worried break won't be long enough
I wanna see that warrant!!!!!
Great Nerdy Book Club post! Proud of you.
Happy Birthday! :) go virgos! Lol have fun tonight love! :)
Iran wins and gives the first political speech of the night.
everyone please follow my buddies aka The McClain Sisters > they are very sweet and nice
Thanks for being hilarious!
“It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.” <U+2015> William Blake
Sometimes I can't tell if I've completely given up on my aspirations, or if a moderate form of complacency is just a part of moving forward
you should delete this one, i think its a clue to who hacked your account.
Hell yea I wish if I could sing almost everyday
Praying for Patience and Perseverance<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> l get a little weary sometimes....but God's timing is always perfect.
but I love you though.
~ok cool I would luv to c u so let me know maybe fri we can meet up n have a drink I wont b around sat night.
Ex #1: Extreme male #Christian #evangelicals & #Islamists have a lot in common: both want #women kept in their place.
Since when do we amend the Constitution to TAKE AWAY people's rights? #Romney, you and the #GOP are on the wrong side of history. Period.
MELLOW Love, grapefruit juice, cinnamon raisin granola from
Uploading a new video cover I did from a Ne-yo track. :)
The Burglar's Bible, Page 1: Find a picture of new swag online. Read the geo-tag details. Wait for the owner to post they'll be out of town.
I think that I'll start working out when finals are over.
im sorry i aint been on here as much but im goin try yall
- And we're glad to have you!
yea she's off the chain?! Crazy biotch!
and i'm just going to finish this book on manners now...
I find shoveling snow to be cathartic.
Yeah those Steeler fans, think black & gold go with everything. LOL
Itz about time that Tim Tebow gets the ball...He going to kill em
Taking the first of many tests this week, wouldn't rather graduate with any other class
A special cover coming soon :)
IVE BEEN VOTING ALL DAY SICE THE TIME I WOKE UP (7:00am) SO DONT YOU GUYS THINK I DESERVE A FOLLOW BACK
Here is the test to find whether your mission on Earth is finished: If you're alive, it isn't. by Alice Roosevelt Longworth
Just a public thanks to my first mentor Joe Schroeder, father of the 'funded proposal'...Thanks Joe!
we deliver in person, just travel by plane there - better to have packages arrive separately....
But doesn't the brightly colored Ralph tee make up for it?
Last night's 2-1 loss was the #SFGiants 14th game by that score, split evenly btwn wins & losses - most in #MLB for each.
I wish daft punk were still alive. Then we wouldn't be in this mess.
lol my feelings were 2 hurt like oh no she forgot but ,ima text u in the am
Definitely. Communicopia blog is my RSS pluck of the month. Tks for hitting my sweet spot. cc:
How many of you have bought your tickets to see June 20 at HOB in Chicago!? How many of you are bringing friends?!
Any ideas out there for a Northwest themed shirt that you would wear? Would love some feedback!
Really want to have a paint fight!
well I just want you home!
"I'm stinky!" Li'l D announced cheerfully from bed. About to see how true that is!
what they gonna do next year
seems to be really on her game these days. Amazing!
Listening to the LDS (Mormon) General Church Conference #LDSConf. A second temple in Provo, Utah. Wow.
Here's this: I owe 200 dollars and you need permission to give me a third ice? What do you mean she left? What land do I live in?
I first read that a couple years back. Now i must have read it about 5-6 times.
sounds cruel and unusual punishment for jaywalking lol
That will make a happy man! : #Brewers #SpringTrainingCountdown #38 days until pitchers and catchers report!
well that sucks
SOrry about the delay here.....wireless issues again and yeah I hear you.
Flashbacks it is tomorrow gotta show my cousins a good time so why not flashbacks ready lol
I am following you! We are trying to change the world and motivate teens to live their dreams! hit us back keep going for it
Tornado in green hills
YUP! FRIDAY NIGHT
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite songs?
S.C.H.O.O.L. = Seven crappy hours of our life. C.L.A.S.S. = Come late and start sleeping. F.I.N.A.L.S.= Fuck i never actually learned shit.
Go with only one sidebar. And get rid of your "other stuff" category and cover of the week. ;)
Ugh only 40 min. Left to this awesome weekend can't wait till the next
Post your photos here to be part of this week's drawing for a pair of A&F skinny jeans.
*~my last few tweets....me and my random azz-_-....:P~*
happy birthday man. Gotta see you guys soon
I bet you 100000 $ you wont see this ... ;)
#Oomf be on sum off the wall shyt lol
Bravo guys! That was rockin!
Is this my life and holidays without her!? Lord give me strength!
anywho i think the one they chose was well chosen. in and of itself.....
Fletcher says we have real choice about direction we will head as city.
getting ready to do some damage control
There's Steve Blake with the first defensive effort from a Lakers guard of the night.
If you had to hear your life narrated everyday for the rest of your life, whose voice would you pick to be the narrator?
eating frosted flakes, aka my favorite thing ever.
must go to sleep
Coffee fuels my day. oh oh oh and also my Grandson fuels my day.
U did a super great job on the video that was on 106 & park yesterday..GOOD WORK JEFF
Time isn't wasted when your getting watsed
And after reading that piece by , I'm seriously thinking about UNC-Asheville.
What your mom said: "Get a job. Make some friends." What you heard: "Get money, fuck bitches.
A4. No final exam here, just final project. woot.
Going to watch the change up for the 2nd time in theaters!
Bob Uecker is calling Brewers baseball on the radio.
Such a beautiful day out today! The girls and dogs loved our walk and time at the park/playground. All are resting now.
The style of music that you enjoy the most is?
Twelve Buck Tuesday! Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens only $12...add on Unlimited Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for $5 more!
A change isnt always bad!
Congrats to for sharing a haiku for Audi Alberta! Enjoy your free day in an Audi- where will you be Ziptripping?
Welcome to twitter
I am happy to report the exciting news that I ate a coconut scone this a.m.
#ItMakesMeHappyWhen im with my friend and i dont have to worry about anything
It's Hammer Time in Miami. Come on Joel.
YOU SHOULD CALL ME!!! 484-824-**** want the rest RT!!
26 out 100 new domain names are using Wordpress
Bye April. It's been real. It's been fun. It's been really fun.
Are you really tweeting hockey stats from your honeymoon??
In-person, for a specific amnt, after u have gotten to know the #donor, determined interest and researched.
apparently! *shudders*
okay thank youu (:
Friday, Next Friday, Friday After Next, ATL, Uncle P, Stomp The Yard, Are We There Yet?, and so much more
smh then give me better ones
Wardrobe changes in parking lots. spilled coffee. printer out of ink. spilled coffee... :) You so crazy, #pilotseason!
Hooking up email to LinkedIn, mass of invites incoming. (Sorry, but not really)
Hey if you're not , you're a square nuff said!
My List is FREE b4 12 for Ladies 21, b4 11 for Ladies 18+, b411 for men 21+ & $10off for underage men! txt me names 7034073810
are u at school? Having a glue emergency..where'd you get urs?
yeah we said hello briefly. He had to eat lunch
Watching pens vs flyers i am kinda feeling maybe it is good sabres arent in playoffs. Just so nerve racking when its ur team!
You'd think writing a bio of your own life would be easy... had to write two today for completely different events and that was a challenge!
This is why I have come to love soccer, more difficult to have officals influence the game.
ima follow u bcuz of ya tweets nt ya looks like the rest of these clowns
back! !! appt searching sucks
holy damn!!!!
Congrats to Novak Djokovic for winning the Australian Open!
I Love
I highly dislike pro image, so rude. Before trying to swindle your customers, you should make sure they don't have a backbone or a braincell
Due to Wm Donald Schaefer's services, expect traffic & parking issues Mon & Weds next week. www.getarounddowntown.com has the deets.
That was awful
His head looks freakishly large in that photo. Wait, what?
There's a chance that I might have to go into PR crisis mode tomorrow. Although on those occasions, I pretend that I'm on 24.
Like see Alice I go hard.
Oh so sleepy :(
Papa Jonas Is Amazing Sin el los Jonas Brothers no serian lo que hoy conocemos.
thanks for coming out man and supporting!!!
Republicans in Indiana & North Carolina prove yet again that they are not using their heads when voting. Shame really!
congratulations! That's wonderful!
It's a new political world for GV, Sahuarita, Nogales - Green Valley News It 's a new political world for GV, Sahuarita, Nogales Green Va
I like Pablo
Alvah T. Brewer « The Chronicle-Telegram - Lorain County&#39;s leading ...
#Charlotte is killing it again today. Record high temp! Loving #northcarolina... Minus its terrible drivers
Um. Anyone in US government watch 60 minutes tonight? Maybe do something tomorrow?
BTW you should do things for U not for other people, and maybe when you learn that you'll be a lot happier. So glad I've reached that point.
going to the San Diego show with my best friend and gonna fall madly in love with the Maine all over again! (:
I wish you were at GDC more than anyone. I love it there. But I can't stand another one without a finished product!
Plug-in hybrid electric vehicles are powered by conventional or alternative fuels and by batteries.
It's nice to go school and follow the PGA all day..
#AAA12 conference starting soon. With
You're da bomb! :)
another day another direction
hahaha gotta pay the bills. Say R.I.P. to my Jeep by the way. Finally bit the dust.
92% of undergraduates use credit cards to pay for educational expenses and 30% admitted to using their credit cards towards tuition.
already following :)
the heath slater drawing . i did one of them too
Security yelling at you for cheering? I doubt they'd do that
Mavs Got Swept!... Who's Next?.... The Knicks Duhh
Congrats on launching ! Excited to read what's ahead...
Haden scared of Kobe getting the ball!
Aww yeah! I'll tell him you said so thanks Al :)
Anyone have a Traktor Kontrol S2 or S4 they would sell me?
man everything what's the word?!
Move the hardwood and put down the Ice !!! Lakers win and now time for hockey playoffs!!!
This is impossible....
You haven't missed it! It's happening now
Yay now I owe $850.00 Dad gave the guy stuff to make my bill cheaper...Killing too birds with one stone less money and less junk. :)
Dumanis says she'll fix the city schools in her first term.
U can afford an executive coach! Email me & I'll prove it. 1st 5 people will get a FREE session.
Morning everybody! Its a beautiful day so take advantage!
i need sleep!!!
Thanks for sharing! East Coast support, woohoo!
You shouldnt tell anyone to send someone hate. That's not going to solve anything.
Leave it to my grandson: Packer gold is called saffron. The team colors were changed from navy and gold to green and gold in the early ‘50s.
I cannot improve on this thought. RT I love you MCA
I mean Twilight* You can tell how big of a fan I am of those bullshit fantasy movies
prayers go out to japan ...
Sad to hear will not b touring 2011. Get ur tix 4 this year if u still can!
they're playing on the #Jumbotron !!
well I hope you feel better soon! (:
Fantasy Baseball Rankings 2012: Emerging Stars Who Will Carry Your Team
if u guys ever come back 2 houston IaMmE should teach at my school! We have dance club! We love IaMmE! :)
check the lint filter thingy... ? Lol
The best way to knock the chip off your neighbor's shoulder is to pat him on the back. ~ Author Unknown
Super tired but gonna go to love culture soon :D rawr
Because at the end of the adventure i see that there i a light. But in order to reach the light one must die. But i am afraid to die
Great start going up 7-0, then they give it right back +1....
Nick Lane is coming back before the finale
oddly, much of the media has decided to ignore/censor what is a story of obvious national and international interest.
#3WordsForYou I Love You
#2010memories Facebook jumped the shark
did u win the freeones voting ? Been offline for a few.
as he air balls a layup.. You're messed up In the head
Aww. you'll keep in touch with her, right?
oh so very very high :)
nope you were there
Do Taxi drivers use GPS these days?
Nope! Graduation next week!
current #breakfastobsession pineapple chobani with granola & frozen blueberries
Happy Mother's Day!!!! Yay!!! ...now, kids leave the house so mom can have some quiet time.
Hope everyone had a nice Thanksgiving and enjoyed the long weekend. Now time to get the brain stimulated again...
Winter is here…grab a book, snuggle up by the fire and drink a cup of hot cocoa!
yay! I've been missing those weekday screenings - love the series.
It was character that got us out of bed, commitment that moved us into action, & discipline that enabled us to follow through. Zig Ziglar
he shouldn't even get 1 million a year. That's more than 95% of the doctors make in the world and he's complaining about his job?
It is not what happens to you but what you make of it
thanks best friend.
where is the damn visual?
One quarter of all creatures on the planet are beetles. #odd facts
Thank you! Your Sangiacomo #Chardonnay is one of most popular pours at our !
Cool... Didn't seem like a 'be on fire' kind of setting. So much good stuff to share!
I'm tuning in! This has gotta be good
follow us to DM
How people get mad at when is top three most incompetent operations ever is beyond me.
good night ya'll, sleep tight.
That happened to me a couple weeks ago. Just reset it by holding the home and top buttons at the same time. Should restart.
Thank you for the #FF :)
Thanks for following lifecoachharbor! I help women find their own answers to life's challenges
People who talk about soccer, pretending they know a lot about it just to fit in <<<<<
Give your popcorn to the cat if you microwaved it yet. RT No chance bro.
On lesson 3 of learning how to speak sign language, looking for a new teacher though because i do not like this lady.
What's good loco
i tweet random STUFF
Taping the show in Parts Unknown
I love nergal.
Drinking remy str8 on a empty stomach
I'm a Celtics fan. I look forward to them going down, with or w/o Bosh.
ok, everyone is upset that got a Grammy, and has a collab. with What would the world prefer to see?
That's not a kissy face haha that's the concerned face
Madison would go into a coma reading what I say about him...
They are looking anywhere. Wru now?
haha, i'll be sure to bring along
Something that we should learn
#iJustLoveItWhen your there for me when i cry
Beautiful day !
Haha see my bio is true! :-P
I want to remake my myspace just like the trendy cool kid i am
why do A and T go together in science? Because ass and titties go together. Haha I just had to say something about titties
“: U don't know pain until u follow the Knicks” #jets fans know that pain.
Kicking someone in the mouth as retaliation for insulting you is not an equivalent response
Wishing Everyone a Wonderful Warm Heathly Week. from Landons Portable Medical Records, for all of your Electronic Medical Records needs.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else(:
Am having a problem with the security Droids camera, router AND laptop connection. I hate computers!
I love how you speak from your own learning context, with understanding for implications beyond your context. Thanks!
If tonight is any indication, final 22 games for will be fun to watch. Remember what happened following trade in 2009-10 season ?
a fan faked email from the governator threatening to fine SEGA about a $100k if they didn't un-ban a user says
<U+266B> New Date: Warwick, NY - Oct 8 at Tuscan Cafe
Just got told I will one day be a milf... Then a gilf by
The Silk Tie likes the Law of Dating!
you're very welcome:))
thank god No!!! Lol I'd rather take my chances on the 13th floor!!
good morning.
I followed you back lol and thanks((:
I wanna see if Kobe gets a pass
I've gone but chose against it this year. It's big but I'm looking into Blog World instead. I agree with the article as well.
are you thinking about doing a TEFL ?
RT I know someone my buddy is giving himself a nose bleed over this Laker game. Its only game 1 thank goodness
RT: Every man is the artisan of his own fortune. (Appius Claudius Caecus)
SAPX updated filings today... Looking very strong for next few weeks...
Ah! That's absolutely amazing! Thank you so much!!!
I do so wish I could find Celestino Coronado's adaptation of A Midsummer Night's Dream. Feel free to see if you can find it and let me know.
Glad I traded Schaub and Hillis for Brady 3 weeks ago.
yeahh i live by spoon it i would go there all time and visit jc and eat frozen yogurt (:
Give your troubles to God; He will be up all night anyway.
I hate ordering from here and I'm the one that has up pick it up
Spicy Beef, Bacon, and Potato Stew. It feels like spring, but I am prepping leftovers for the usual Michigan change of weather this weekend
just finished a day of school visits, and feeling great!
“: Hey you aren't me.....hm” This clearly makes the Cops theme song run through my head. BUSTED
Me too!
Times Square & NYC is eerily quiet. Never thought we'd see this. Means people are staying indoors as they should.
Let me know if this tie gets too tight. And what did you say your safe with was?
I'm an iPad junkie. just spent 20 min talking passionately about it w/someone at the hair salon. She told me I should work for apple. Lol
#TurnToYou We love you justin and that song there, is just amazing.. :')
The TE record really sounds great. Kudos to y'all and TE. I really like the variety of guitar tones.
300 shows? Congrats Frank & Woody. 98.9 the buzz 8:30. We celebrate and throw a party on the air.
Masks are rockin at alter ego. JDavid is in the studio today.
be yourself always and forever
we will be concerned too if they aren't installed by Friday. ;)
hey follow me plz thanks lol
i know! i wanna come see it soon
I have alot of episodes recorded xD
iPhone blooper real...sorry for that quintuple send on HRH earlier. Dark banquet room, tech difficulties.
omg i want both of those! especially the polar bear w/tat and beer one!
can anybody recall where they were the 1st time they heard Ether? I was in a tent in Kuwait
#10ThingsIFindAttractive good sense of humor, and abs
is so perfect
yes but i still havent missed too many days
Thanks for the RT!
I'm digging that outfit too..the purse is adorbs.
who is DJ Dos?
I'm just not gonna sleep a whole lot tonight. I'll just accept that.
You're an idiot, babe, it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.
Time to chop some #Timbers! #SportingKC fans: Do you Believe???
thanks for the lead on the slides. Looks good. Will check it out.
Let me know if you ever have a question about your Directv service/equipment. Enjoy!
u are the most AWSOME 11 year old in the world !!Sincerly , ever 11 year old in the world!! Your a big inspiration! Thx 143
You're so beautiful, I want to give all my love to you.
We think you guys are pretty awesome!
If it aint broke, don't try and fix it. I hate Burger King's new bigger fries. Bring back the fries we all grew up loving
Awesome weekend
Visiting Sara and Shaun in Paraguay--today at Abreu's CFA church with Carlos Anacondia. Great church in Asuncion.
For great advice on parenting and raising happy kids -->>my friend Denny
New Posters for our newest short film "Badassery" can be found here! Teaser video coming within the hour too! like the page and tune in!
...some days I wish I could have a "do-over" - and other days I just want to "be-over!" Today is DEFINITELY a "BE-OVER" kind of day!!
#AAA2011 highlight: Jon Marks saying "if Hitler is writing you fan mail, you're all kinds of fucked up."
COME & PLAY Harbor SATURDAY 8/20 ! support and join our yoga class. Donate Today!
Thanks for favorited!
Thank you for following NSHMBA-NM! Find out more at:nshmba.org
I'll venture the guess that it's because women are way smarter. Just glad I was able to represent the male gender.
It's a lot of work to integrate apps, and business tools, but well worth it when your done . Always make sure your tools integrate!
damn it... NOO imma look like a pumpkin dude,
Whose down for sexting anyone.?
DO IT RT : im seriously about to unfollow you...
Which one is you, left or right? You have any videos posted on YouTube?
I am trying to decide to do a since I haven't done one in forever should I?
Gottlieb: We'd go out to report the story & come back w/ 3 more stories. Was the damndest thing.
Other shoe about to drop?
Otherwise today should be a good one :)
is really looking foward to tomorrow. that is...if it goes as planned.
I'm not even sleepy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I love that the ipad can be a scrabble board and everyone who has an iphone can use them as tileracks to play. Too Nerdy? lol
Not like we can't walk now but it's easier to be lazy here. It's shameful
Discussing ways to get aldermen to address the lack of healthy foods in corner stores where food deserts exist.
#Alaska are ya'll watching #SNL ...bwahaha!!! too funny.
Wiggle tails are fun. I just had a boxing match with koo and charlie i pooped my pants
Very true! Great posting!
I'd be surprised if it wasn't robertson
1st Green Talk interview today. More info to come:)
Thank you <3
1 of the 5 worst commercials on TV is the Chris Berman, Kelly Clarkson, short dude & weird dude dancing in a #Toyota. #swami #why?
I think some beliebers are selfish like the ones that make TT like #brazilwantsjustin bcs hasnt been in other states ever.
Good to see Karl Dean out at we art Nashville buying art.
can't wait...leeegooooo!
you know what i don't like seeing a big woman on the beach who is wearing a dam thong i mean what the hell, that was just nasty no offense
At work ..
Simple C on left chest.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet he's perfect. Nuff' said.
Sadly, no #nahbs for me this year. I'll have to gawk via the interwebs.
roughly 4 months after launch.
Just tried to see if I could do iaido on my hurt knee. Have invented new swear words.
BALLOON UPDATE: Rush Hour Race decision to be made at 6 am. Stay tuned for updates!
im with your bro and dad right now! I wish you was here!!!! :)
thank u :)
yes! It's just hard to stay motivated sometimes, well until you start seeing results that is! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
ID of tomorrow: Org knowledge, community, social networks, performance support, and choice!
naw, can't do it! Lol
Sweet. "RT : Just bought the bf a present at Rays. would totally approve"
Our first solar energy efficient "green" home is for sale. www.4820KingStreet.com Please tell all your friends... It really is beautiful!!
#Foreverfly roll call!!
To the people who just ordered a deluxe pizza with no veggies. Congrats on paying $8 more for a two-topping pizza.
Fight Night!!
": NEVER SIGNED MY YEARBOOK ASSHOLE"I looked for you in fourth!
IS READY TO DO NOTHING TODAY AND THATS THE SITUATION
Attending talk by Betsy Boone on Spain at American World's Fairs between 1876 & 1915
In 27 Min. Season 7 "How I Met You Mother!" Yeahh buddy!!!!!!!
Its on 79th Street btw Amsterdam and Broadway, called Blondies.
GET YOUR MUSICFEST TICKETS TODAY!!!
I work in Chicago daily. Live in Waukesha still. Try and work 1day remote/ week. Perhaps in the next couple weeks?
I'm in the middle of two people battling to see who can clear their throat and cough the loudest. It's basically no contest though
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>Yeah, that too.
hey I didn't know you had a twitter, late good morning to you too
Pretty much, yeah. Dressing on the side.
oh my so many things. bread pasta and chocolate. these r a few of my favorite things (singing)
RT : I am a big fan of the Trader Joe's cereals and anything by Barbara's. Affordable, low sugar, high in carbs.
Eating Brownies and watching The Notebook.. I like ending Sundays like this :)
Bummer. Super nice dude. cc: RT Mat Gamel has torn ACL, out for season
probably the "open all tweets' button
Hey Peter, sure. We'd like to do that. - follow me back & we can coordinate.
National Ocean Science Bowl deadline for “Living on the Ocean Planet” video contest for high schoolers or teams is 1/25/10. www.nosb.org.
hey brother i am so excited for this year! Lets tear it up!
My Facebook fanpage is collecting good cop stories. You must have many. Pleased if you shared!
The minute you start talking about what you're going to do if you lose, you have lost. -George Shultz
is the worst company to deal with.. They charge you for a service and don't follow through.. Where's the customer service?
Yes nigga the struggle is real
First of all, prayers to the family of the late Mike Wallace..awesome journalist..
Top THREE? Wow, you're ooc. That explains why we disagree so much -- I think he's top 20ish.
Plus we have prizes #TriviaRules! RT : Great night for a bus tour of DC. The monuments are gorgeous at night.
what's going on brother why you unfollowed me
he's about to. We just had inaugural bath time with the puppy and it has created interesting results. Tee hee!
Thanks for noticing and thanks for watching
Orson Welles, Boethius & Roger Tory Peterson
#YouGottaBeKiddingIf you think I will ever buy a
And i promise i will always be as strong as i can be.
Hi Jon! Just launched in Buffalo so no store list yet. Any store can call Empire Distributors to order for ya! Shine responsibly!
and The music is beautiful and perfect #TurnToYou cried too. Few days to #Believe. I could not be more excited
I'm done with classes around noon on Fridays. Probably early in the afternoon once I get myself ready for class on Monday
Well luckily Ive become accustomed from two classes w Sidky last semester.
thanks for the follow
2012 film watching! #53. Pulp Fiction (Tarantino, 1994). Watched the blu ray, unbelievable transfer to one of my personal favorite films!!
i dnt like her
Counting down to the Race for the Cure this Saturday!! Still a chance to join Heather's Team, now 5000 strong! Send us your pink wig pix!!!
of course I remember! WHAT WOULD COACH TAYLOR DO?! Tensions are high at the craw house.
I only want the TOP, I ain't trying to pipe!
DOPE!! DM me the idea G
why are americans allowing gas prices to increase like this? power in numbers people! stop buying if you want lower prices!
Yeah, we're pretty aight. When you're ready to talk, .
i know i less than 3 weeks
Getting ready to launch the new Le Peep Indy web site. Stay tuned . . .
i'm just glad it had nothing to do with glass shards from a Scotch bottle. Seriously, it was nasty...made me flinch...
oh I wish you would!!
Walk to Break the Silence on Ovarian Cancer / Diversey Harbor @ 9:30 this morning! Will be out there with my sister, a 9-year survivor :)
Sadie McKee singing the 1934 classic "All I Do is Dream of You," by Nacio Herb Brown and Arthur Freed!... fb.me/1rkZmLMQf
In life, what sometimes appears to be an end is really a new beginning. ~
FORGET YOU .
Presented on Social to global team tonite! They're a solid team! Looking forward to our clever plans for 2012!
I wish you were either cold or hot. This lukewarm way of living doesn't cut it. (Rev 3:15-16, paraphrased)
Take my hand
The Portland Mercury claims there were only 30 protestors at the rally to rehire Ryan @ New Seasons. I'm sick of their bullshit + lies.
look very nice today <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Exciting! Can't wait to see the new HOMER.
Can you believe this weather? We're all gonna die!
lol jus a lil im not even hungry I jus,want a strawberry short cake
#GamerPickupLines Will you be the Princess Peach to my Mario?
Had to RT this one: "Yo Obama, I'ma let you finish, but MLK Jr was the best Nobel Prize winner of all time"
I am so glad I kept diaries as a kid, the 13 year old me would be mortified if I knew the current me was going to use it for material
Things are starting to go crazy as blinds jump up. Got time but not too much. Wireless a bit sporadic. Sorry. Will update as often as I can
Nice regimen!
did u see that Braun news? SUCKS! Hoping it was just a false positive but his legacy is already tainted
YES! , you're going to LOVE this guy.
Practice at the Trevino household today
The Beatles - Help! - 05:33 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Went to the 36th District Democrats last night and met with a great group of folks!
Gettin even feels so good!
Integrate EE & overall environmental/social progress w sourcing & product design Eocke #MnBES go deep
Between Erraitx Productions, GLOTV, and ICM a brutha need a vacation, lol but I love what I do!!
Mr.Jimmy Cliff joining the boss
oh thats wat everybody says too! lolz so u like mindless behavior? if u do whos ur favorite? mines is princeton
John Elway on Tebow: "If I want somebody to marry my daughter, it would be him...I have to take the personalities out of [this business]..."
now, I tell you. Go fuck yourself!
And while she was doing her own Googling, I started putting the letters in sensible combos and "Nick Fury" was one of them
Fighting the urge to huddle cave bear-like underneath my desk to hibernate...
Shout out to the best mommy in the world- MINE<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> love you mama
Yes! You might want to let her know why you're in a position to find a new place too.
I hope my sarcasm didn't get lost there...
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays All!
All generalizations are false, including this one.
I think I'm loving you more and more everyday. But still no follow. Come on show some love.
My unborn sons never made it cause she swallowed them - trey songz
Suckling Pig tomorrow!!!!!
Content Planning for Smarties: Great new #UMBCsocial session concept from Erin at Shady Grove dives into content calendars, cross-posting...
tiger will shoot a 72 this round.
Today's Isla Earth Radio Program was produced by the Catalina Island Conservancy, because Earth IS an Island
Amen to that. : I want to live in an America where people can name all Supreme Court Justices and not a single Kardashian.
I'm Throwed
hope you've been well!
Honestly lets stop this fuckery, having to wake up early for school do nothing for 8 hours give me my diploma and ill stop wasting ur time
RT if you cannot live without black veil brides.....let's see who's truly part of the BVB army.
Haha! RT : S/O your girlfriend :) ......breakfast was good
On my way to #NACE11. First time in Texas!
sounds like another one of those words that is used by our generation in the complete wrong way
Perfect Easter dinner at It simply doesn't get any better!
Haha...I just got this
From the 16th floor of 23rd & 6th looking both south and west we had a GREAT view!
Recoding some websites and core template to make it more SEO friendly.
Imagine what opening day or night feels to a Pittsburgh Pirate fan. I'm just saying.
I feel sometimes my brain is a jukebox.
west coast knows how to sleep!!
RT : Feel free to take a few minutes to tell the ladies what you could use networking, tips and/or help with!
When you’re holding on to someone, that you gotta let go. Someday you’ll see the reason why. Yeah sometimes, there’s good in goodbye.
"Fashions fade, style is eternal." - Yves Saint-Laurent
But would other shoppers be ignored? RT : Mobile tech might help retailers know when best customers R in store. - Duncan
“: I can still barely see where she bit me...” I'm sorry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
A lot of right-wingers, Romney included, should be tried and punished for economic treason against America and its people.
make sure when you get signed you dont become a bitch to the label!
I have like 5 tests tomorrow.. Yayy ttly not gonna study..
wow! Promise you'll instagram and tweet to allow us to see Italy thru your eyes.
We'd like to welcome our new followers & !
Mailed out shirts to all over the country today. Massachusetts, Washington, North Fond du Lac. Thank you all so much.
Sorry i did text you and you never Texted me back :'( tear tear
Sheila E. - A love bizarre
“We designers, we don’t work in a vacuum. We need business people. We are not the fine artists we are often confused with.. .”
Sen. Kohl: "We want a real quality big man" & has confidence Hammond can make that happen.
Powerful women "like watching a pride of lionesses lift their dripping muzzles from the belly of the dying zebra and zero in on the hyena."
: enjoy your day off and relax with your favorite crew. Tomorrow be sure to stop by and have a bite and a drink with OUR favorite crew!
What type of epithelial tissue is found in areas of the body that are subject to a lot of friction? anybody know cuz google dont
Doing some digital scouting, looking at places foy my next picture.
Trying to figure out what to do tonight. Probably going to end up at puck and then the gym. Like every Friday night..
won my basketball game today! <3 not im just bored as shit at home :c
4 more chapters to go in this book...the test is tomorrow.
RT : Pretty cool thing by the Mets. So far, each batter has walked out to a Beastie Boys song.
Pie soon!
NOTE: I have not yet published this book, so if you would like to accuse me of not knowing whereof I speak, that's low hanging fruit.
Tried to find the 4th Ave Food carts by PSU today, in the rain. no luck, so ended up at the 10th & Alder carts.
Fully moved out and ready to go through the pounds of crap I have. Best day ever
Q4 can you describe your contest to get likes on FB?
sounds like a nightmare! RT : My dream was...went to indian temple with monicals, & stickman showed up & ate all my pizza...
I know!!
Well darling, you are!
we need to hang out
I'm one of her biggest fan
Thank you very much.
We're loud....even at 10 in the morning.
anyone use for #flipclass lessons? it's pretty cool!
How can eLearning software improve to meet your needs?
White Snake, Great White, White Lion, Quiet Riot, Warrant Winger, Scorpions, Y&T, TNT, Keel, Tokyo Blade
Watching "Primetime: What Would You Do?" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
K-love and world hope!
I think I'm gonna name my birthday party Snack by Snack Fest.
I try
So excited about the HHS TALENT SHOW!!!!!! YAYYYYY #PRACTICE,PRACTICE,PRACTICE :)
#MenIWantToCoverInChocolate how about GUY, it would be zayn malik JK dont wanna creep him out more then he is
love connecting w/ cab drivers- provided my new case management skills 2 a driver once, & conversed w/ 1 tonight in our shared mother-tongue
Sorry I haven't been on.. homework. D: lol
Great! Thanks for getting back to me, Jon, and we look forward to hearing from you!
well at least you are thought of and loved! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
*Janessa's up at bat* Me: C'mon Harry, we're moving to New York! Everyone else: What...
Don't be difficult, be impossible- Laura Hart
i think it's Easter? ahah (:
how can you find him amongst those unis?
Oh, shush. I didn't mean you literally copied me. I was just teasin because I just realized you said the same thing.
A tweet about Seaworld and social media, and yet not a single joke about a "Fail Whale."
At Koze best filers mignon ever :))
how have you beenIts amrcello we spoke on the phone about a month ago
#ff with 26 minutes to spare!
we love SayHi for the safety potential! Well done!
Fuck me hard, go Thomas...
"I've fallen and I am too embarrassed to get up!" You poor thing.
the terrible beards on the dinosaurs really brings it all together.
If I just lay here, would you lie with me, and just forget the world? <3
I<U+FFFD>ve learned that millions of people can believe in you, and yet none of it matters if you don<U+FFFD>t believe in yourself
doooohhh!!! Guess my pinchi protien shakes will have to wait..
Hello Beautiful yes Im talking to the person reading this you are beautiful wether you believe it or not so do me a favor? Stay Beautiful<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
If only Noah would have killed those 2 mosquitoes! ~Br. Jeffrey
got surgery today...So...im hurting. Lol
Let the MADNESS BEGIN!!!
It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop. - Confucius
It's Thursday again! Catch Steve and at the Euclid Tavern for some late night karaoke!
So ... what do we mean by learning ... in the 21st century? fascinating discussion.
We're so glad you're following, and Thank you!
you know you want to though.
Thanks for recent follows , , , ,
RT : #CharityTuesday shout out to some of our #cancer partners dedicated to helping kids!
No problem :) It's especially strange (if you have the Google Analytics Dashboard plugin) when it counts internal views too.
Just got totally distracted by the website of my hometown's small historical society/museum. Wonderful!
Hey and fans in Scranton, tune into WBRE now to learn more about the Lean Belly Challenge and
TY I go to woodshole in September
Peace is not the absence of trouble, but the presence of christ
My friend is he who will tell me my faults in private.Solomon Ibn Gabirol.
Don't judge a book by it's cover...unless there's a dick on it.
we getz steak and sometimez salmon. Nommy ! And we open presentz. And tear up paper and boxez. And sleepz in front of fireplace.
Cubby strikes me as a pretty smart & empathetic dog. He's not quite up to YOUR level, , since he has yet to tweet.
We're getting close to the end here Mark.
What's up for tonight #buffalo ??
Integration example of art teacher teaching about light with prisms - could track and use color and then discuss the physics of light
Go to wiener circle 2622 N Clark. Get the hot dog and chocolate shake! RT Where's the best chicago hot dog?
I will swear up and down my daughter just said "ninja" mimicking part of a discussion I was having with theMisses...
it's so awesome
Are you looking for jobs?
How are you keeping the conversation alive?
yeeeeaaaaa. back to the days of grown ass men in boy bands. Like the Brat Pack.
I need to follow more people from Australia or something because twitter is so boring around this time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
dude I didn't mean what I said. It was a pro gay marriage comment, not meant the way you took it. unblock, re add, cmon you'r my bud
I got somethin' to prove though. Any time for a headlands loop tomorrow or monday?
Nice to see Tiger Woods get back to winning
News flash! The super committee has failed. I don't know what to say. I am stunned!!!! #whataf'ingjoke
Eloy? Really. No you're not.
you blazin hit me up
*virtual laughter*
Ugggghhh, tell me about it. BTW-I have the 1972 hockey encyclopedia if anyone wants to borrow it <g>.
table is reserved!
I know,, smh
Follow me?Thaks!:)x
Headline of our times: Magnet Eating Toddler Nearly Eats More Magnets During Live TV Interview
If people don't like the song turn to to you...they have issues -.-
It's word time! Scripture: Jude 1:20-22; Topic: Market Ready
Ok, so Barrera and Beiser and (I think) Barnett are going to vote for the motion. Evans is opposed
J.J. Hickson come on aboard please!!! Danny should be calling him right now!!! before MIA gets in the way.
when's the party?
I think that's how girls feel when I text them :(
“: It's dangerous. It's only 4:00 and I'm already 2-minutes heavy.” Ha! Tell your anchors to read with speed
where u from? I keep forgetting to ask u?
Cool. Trent Reznor got an Oscar.
Realtors: Remember, we are offering $100 for each customer you refer to us for weekly pool cleaning! www.desertpoolcleaning.com
Save some of those girl scout cookies for me! Can't wait to see you in a few.
if it was a beauitful day at daytona the race would be over soon but it has not start so hopefully a night race!!! it be awesome!
I would def love to participate or atleast open for you
I'm tweaking into a whole new era, G funk step to this, I dare ya
“Don’t be insecure with others. Imperfection is beauty. Always have the courage within yourself”
You Can't Play Love But Love Can Play You
RT ": If you were selling meth at this game you could proly make a million, an overwhelming percentage of UK fans have meth mouth"
That made my day. No need to get out of bed at this point. RT : Just FYI, I ship you two so hard. ;)
oh. I can't wait tell it stop
"""You may not be the winner, but there is a winner inside you."""
I can't believe Sori did something good.
Having no cell service is driving me insane. It makes me feel like a crazy person intensely staring at my screen for a text to send.
I also managed the blog and social media accounts of a software company serving nonprofits. Plus org and leader profiles.
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 15
You were awesome comedy club Please follow me and I'm keeping and eye on where you will perform next I don't want to miss it!
“Everything that is wrong with America is in this room.” Kimmel, after listing off the politicians, media and celebrities in attendance.
I told you. I'll confiscate your dick and feed it to Ish.
#philly knows how to combine the goods
This show Fred is hilarious
Don't let the weather keep you in the house. Come out to lockland bar & grill 713 Wyoming all sexy ladies in the buildin. 1$ shots of goose
Sweet tale BIRDYJOSH and BIRDYLU, a Paper Birds' Story What happens when a feathered bird meets a paper bird?
Man...now I wish I wass in school lolz
Good Night/ good MorNing :) I'll be dreaming of you lol sike peace!!!
It's ON
Check and see if you get Live scoring drives from all games.
Hehe good girl & that's cute! ^^ & you did? Yum xo
Working at 8 in the morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> to early
i know but im always moving!I just moved to New York two years ago.It really stinks.Excuse me but let me cry.
So that cute blonde is just an advertising machine, she's not even following me as indicated. Just my first lesson with this new gadget.
Agreed. Except its fans that generally carry on legacies, so unfort. he will more likely be remembered this way: "JoePa!!!!!"
hell yeah yall have my support
We play music check it out Facebook.com/sinatramusic
Prayer Saturday morning 10AM! Be sure to make your life a prayer culture!
The question should be: "How is #technology is best used in #education?"
a huge thank you to and for joining us at the may meeting. great content!
The US State Department in February held its first Twitter briefing in Spanish to reach out to the international community.
Never seen so many black people in one movie theater before
Thanks for the support , , & Continue following .
Hell no , sec 2 gonna win . im going to score (:
These niggas are limited too!
absolutely that is on the "fungenda"
I didn't ge pizza :c
Andre miller u played ur ass off good win
I am headed to tonight at 630 for their #hCGTriad kickoff event! I have already lost 15 lbs and LOVE my new bod! It's free! Go!
Website is progressing. Focusing on getting everything up there before making it pretty. Now taking a break to help my daughter to get sleep
yes! Of course! Had me hanging off the edge of my "tweet." Ha!
Just saw 's Jump Around Guy jumping around at the #Brewers game. Awesome :)
Going really fast thru SEO and social. This definitely requires more time - should've been a longer session.
Just because you're hurt, doesn't mean you're broken
Definitely! I did well, but got injured and did not make my goal. But, for 3 months I learned a lot. Doing it again this year!
you are too nice to me! xo TY
#AustinInMexico please come to mexico :D
Just came across a new exciting personality type! He can't take a joke, and yet is never serious... it's so confusing and irritating!! Yay!
Our #numbers are growing and we have to thank you for #allowing us to share our #networking w you. #PLUR and
Noiseland Industries in Minneapolis (for CD Duplication) is the best! So professional and so nice, and they do such a great job!
Thanks for the follow Dawn!
Welcome to all our new members; we're glad to have you! And a special welcome to all the new Casting Directors who posted audition notices!
I love playing golf with my brother.
Fakes! TRANSFORMERS! DECEPTICONS!
It's a silly time to learn to swim when you start to drown
can't wait for to come back this summer!!!
Yes I am a Mayweather hater.
Is your head ready to explode yet?
Ha this is very true. I get easily excited about dumb things without dergz to start with.
we love your fire, basketball is more than making a basket, stand up!
Be wise what you post and say on social networking sites. Life isn't promised and it could be your lasting legacy...
There really needs to be an #idcf emoji
The youth are starting to change together together together
I hate that, it happens to me all the time -_-
Blue: Even if you say you regret me / you cannot regret me and I cannot say so.
SEASON OPENER: Game 1: 4/5/12 "Helicopter or not- I don't think you could hit that piece of cheese."
For a min of 24 - approx $7/shirt + 60 screen setup fee + Shipping + tax. Shirt quality is typical unisex in black.
is she pretty girl wasted?
Happy 4th of July. Hopefully you will be able to enjoy the fireworks and a good cookout!
Unreal Show, Rock on!! Just got home after a juiced up Blue Line trip to the city.
Well, you'll be easy to spot!
Well it made no sense Mrs. Shaneon
Purpose? My reason for being on Twitter is just to find out what's interesting or neat in the area & what people are thinking.
Ab Ripper X.... I hate it, but I love it!
HOT 105 "Let's Go Heat!" "Let's Go Heat!" "Let's Go Heat!" "Let's Go Heat!" Miami HEAT vs. Dallas Mavericks Back...
MTT music video... how did you guys keep it secret?
Can't sleep. Gotta work. Where the heck is the sandman when u need him?
no no no!
I'm feeling honored. Kev likes my dice atom shirt. He's all right by me.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent. Samuel Lover
hey cuz i wish u were still out here cant wait to se u again
#OWIF: We're adrift on the Mississippi River, the fishmonger is still passed out, and the GPS on my iPhone isn't working. Thanks,
I am the definition of ambition. The epitome of dedication.
what is this funfetti you speak of?
San Diego, California Weather :: 63F A FEW CLOUDS: 63F A FEW CLOUDS
I believe in miracles!!!! The come-back kings
Make today a productive day towards becoming one step closer to attaining your goals!
"Let It Go" Shit Is The Truth!
cannot wait...seriously im gonna freak out
Happy mothers day! My kids say I am "best mom ever," but I am sure you're pretty good too. It's not a competition.
Hey Randy do you have a myspace page ?
22e in wv way backed up from a clean up of a huge crash
#Microsoft Word never ceases to amaze me in its unpredictability and WYSINWYG'ness "What you see is not what you get!"
trainer says no advocare- "It's for fat people who want to get skinny and health nuts, not beef cakes." his words not mine!
Watching 2006 wsop ME and Allan Cunningham is the best I wish he won. I dont know how I would handle golds antics.. Head phones a must
Oh. Good question. I'd really have no way of knowing.
it's better to let a man walk away from you than all over you. Why risk losing your dignity over someone who doesn't respect it?
following me has officially made my day! :) Makes me feel a little less homesick for my Bubbe's kitchen. :)
Samuel Baltimore on Broadway's Black gospel divas.
I can't believe my time will be over very soon.
Can't believe the NFL actually hit the kill switch. Now, the owners lawyer buddies can get in on the money grab.
3 more Mondays of junior year. #leggo <U+270C>
I've waited too long and now I'm starving. This can only lead to murders.
Imma workout right quick and hit the mall to grab a new Fitted!
I forgot all my text books as home/: I need to turn them in
“: Don't worry about the people who hate you, worry about the people who love you.”
Love astronomy!!
Nice day + Grill + Wind = DISASTER :(
would be happier, if I were a millionaire.
that's why he bunts?
ugh - without mayo, even!
I just recently set my Tweets to private again because I get all these strange people I don't know following me.
Welcome to the page, Janice, Robert, and Tom. Enjoy.
skyrim is on sale right now. if you guys don't want to get diablo
Did you hear about the man in the electric chair who asked the executioner to reverse the charges ?
I'm Out For Today
Just made a donation to WUWM Milwaukee Public Radio!
It's to damn hot for a hoody
Insightful article on energy access in the developing world, a good Sunday read.
These flashbacks are inaccurate. Amy Abbott lived in Everwood at that time.
Just found out that Gain liquid detergent doesn't taste nearly as good as it smells. Just don't even ask how. I'm not even sure myself :-/
Damn that microwave pizza was Mad good #Yum!
Sometimes u just gotta take a deep breath, let go, & trust that God has your back & Life is unfolding as it should."
Her tweets are wack
: Wait, BETTER than "Say hello to my Widow friend"?? Oh, wait, that was just in my head.
Congrats La Grange Little Leagers, 1-0 over Pennsylvania in front of a home crowd of 41,000.
RIP Frank Buckles ! The last World War 1 vet ! Thank you for service ! Now go and be with your brothers in arms and be at peace my friend !
how's STL? Saw you were at Bridge, yes?
The Orkin Man is slowly killing me. Stop spraying dammit!
Pulling for the #Blackhawks tonight!
The crisis is brought on by the Hamas terrorists
more tracks unless the extra tracks are thrash. Which is usually the case. Make em count
Q7 I would hate for books to be written to fit into a certain reading level. That sounds like a recipe for boredom.
Time for a pedicure!
yep! White people. So crazy.
You might meet at #WELead also. Great organization in SA. Are you following them?
thumbs up, we enjoyed it!
Man I love Clever Bot.
I'm losing him a day at a time. I need a hug... #ForeverAlone #
I am not wearing my shirt properly
Big Baby just got blocked!!
If you were born in the 90's you just don't get it.
familys coming tomorrow and im suuppppeeerrr excited! (:
UT flat out quit, Vandy is apparently incapable of winning a tournament game.
It tastes like a Coors Light mixed with a Guiness....try a 1554 from or even Sam Adams' version instead.
TBTAM.com isn't mine: The Blog That Ate Manhattan is a food-and-med blog I enjoy by a doctor-mom. I think you might enjoy it too!
this afro-cuban big bands got me hearin strange things yall
Can anyone fill me in on what MyEdu is, and how they have average grades from classes?
ya the rams theoretically should be a serious contender for awhile if bradford is healthy
Research is to see what everybody else has seen and to think what nobody else has thought. ~Albert Szent-Györgyi
I swear i will never drink that much again!!
Dont throw stones if you live in a glasshouse & if you gotta glass jaw you better watch your mouth before i break yo' face.
try kids, race, and private schools
how re you
Looking forward to seeing perform at the Gala this weekend!
#OKC straight up dominated Lakers. This could get out of hand. #Durant is performing at the highest level.
Stay gold, Ponyboy. Please, stay gold. -King Midas, forever silencing his dark secret: his bastard son, the Centaur.
Westward Bound artist Patrick Singh is from the South of France #patricksingh #westward bound
There's nothing to eat:P
Change of perspective...
Do you like me for my brain or my baud?
So great meeting and many more. You guys were all so amazing!
Where have you been?
I'm ready to play.
A gentle reminder: Regular check-ups matter. My mother probably wouldn't be alive today without them.
you know your a P.Y.T don't let them haters get you down.
BREAKING NEWS: Steve Jobs RESIGNS as CEO of APPLE!!!
Excited to field trip with BHS US History II to today!
Pacers appear to have pulled a page from the Heat playbook and act as if they've been shot whenever touched during a play.
Hey, got any Neko Case?
yea..Noah is a huge blow
RT : The one thing that unites all human beings_we ALL believe that we are above average drivers.
After gigging some election nights and not last night, I realized I need to gig recall night. Far, far less nervous when performing.
via : attending lotf session in SL. Will try to tweet while in session
I hate when my TL won't load and be actin janky! Ugh
Unlike last year's championship game, both teams look like they want to win tonight.
I love it
Holy wow
thanks lady! i'll definitely check it out...i want some birthday pants :)
Dude stole home today!
you made that?
you're welcome
Cucumber or cucumber water as well as grated potatoes and almond oil are great for soothing the eye area. Especially after a long Monday!
So excited! & I got our first South Mt. Veggie order today! Can't wait to go home & see our goodies!
Rebecca Black, it's #Friday. Lets go get down.
The folks at are prepared to give you a show AS YOU LIKE IT. Which is to say, if that's what you want, that's what they have.
Still doing web design? I could use your vision and smarts. From one midwesterner to another.
Next week. She's good.
Gronkowski has 15 touchdowns on the year
#ChristopherPlummer was born 2 years after the Oscars started. It's in it's 84 year.
RT : RT : Watching #16toLife on - just got to #dream sequence "She is a naughty girl!" hahaha
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently. --William Arthur Ward
yes, was primary in that session! A nickel for 1st session w/o it..
Merry Christmas!!
Columbia University Film Festival Celebrates 25th Anniversary with Women Filmmakers Panel...
Of course, dear. ;-p
The fact that you sign autographs after a grueling practice says a lot about you in the first place. Can't please everyone!
stop tweeting and come drink at my house
me too im old
I appreciate you explaining that 42% of AHA proposal were accepted, meaning 58% were rejected, which is "like two thirds."
Tm103 in the Stereo.. Grape Swishersweets on Deck
Adrenaline is rocking at Huey's in Southaven MS. The show starts at 8:00p.m. Come have a Huey burger and rock out.
new code my man, it's a brave new world!
Nice one Bron. Das ya lunch?
#SometimesIWonder who u really are cuz u not da same anymore
Great photo!
So you seem to only chase those fake ambitions/ everything you hear, you take and listen/ in 1 ear and out your brain, but you never re ...
RT gym goal. increase the peak, outer head, and mass of the bicep. work the long head of the tricep. **Why you talking dirty for lol
"We have the DNA of civilization in our repositories." (libraries and museums) --Marsha Semmel
is there a difference between test firing a missile and firing a test missile?
Please follow me? :3
No way I can't believe that unbelievable comeback by the clippers #SpursNation is smiling right now FTGRIZ!!
Stop it with the Teletubby baby and Heath Ledger!
Aight, Asset Management is over 4 the day! Time to relax. 1st order of business is to download the nephew 's mixtape #21!!!!
not cool.. Molly we gotta get her back somehow!
Hilarious comedy by and tonight! And not at all inappropriate! ;) Happy Tammypalooza to me!
“: Disney World goes through 194,874 miles of toilet paper every year.” 1/3 of that is from the family of
Before you look at the big picture you need to look thru the lens and be focused.
Centrism can be nice, IF society is at a place of balance. Unfortunately if society shifts to the right, guess where the center goes.
Seriously, Romney reminds me of a character from American Psycho. No empathy or depth, just appetite for shallow things.
Rick Astley doesn't get enough credit for a hairstyle that has really stood the test of time
Join Beckie Menzie and special guest co-host Laura Freeman tonight for Monday Night Live! See you at 7!
How many companies are using Google +1 on their websites?
I feel like death, not that I would know what that feels like, but I'm pretty sure after today I have a pretty good idea of what its like :(
welcome back to Twitter!
I believe in doing #'s
LOL I like Think About It 4 the beat, Beautiful Mind is a song that describes me (and u Sana) They're all A+
I have new follower on my Twitters! What's up, (LinkedInQueen)?
If the Tigers could make a freakin' tip-in they could be leading this game. Pathetic.
today i made achiote roast pork w risotto and fresh salsa. 1 child wanted pbj. some people have never experienced fresh home cooking sadly
awesome! I am indeed. Youtube.com/palomapilar
I'm gonna build a computer for the elderly. No Enter/Return key, just a bell and a lever.
Yeah Buddy!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
You know you're a foodie when a bad meal still pisses you off hours after the fact.
OMG! So scary!
"A ship in it's port is safe, however, that's not what ships are built for."
#Adu not pass go
Oh, is on PBS. Better get the popcorn going and a cuppa brewing.
Family - this is not where everything is perfect, and this is the place where they forgive each other!
Selling is about getting people to change-influencing them to believe what you believe.
jack, first pike ever and in the car
I'll #follow you, Muse..
haven't used the banana shaker yet... WHAT.... lol
Not uncommon to hear RT : I regret not declaring for the draft my junior year thinking that I could have a better year
I need to figure out where n wat I'm guna do 4 my 30th Bday this yr gutta plan early so it's all da way turnt up
Want to improve Rice? Join the GLBT Campus Climate Committee or the Student Activities and Presidents' Programming Fund Allocation Committee
Tonight AXIS RADIUS fashion show!!! Hit me up for table reservations or guest list @ (602)882-0317 TONIGHT $100 BOTTLES!
At the movies wit baby bro. Gt to lve spendin time wit the little one
Wrote a really cool new song while listening to Obama middle east speech. Thanks diplomacy!
Hunt: that sort of perspective is missing in US foreign policymaking.
NEW SONG UP ON THE PAGE GET @ ME
Sorry I didn't get notified about your tweet. Our teacher is always reading something out of the paper, not really surprised haha
should our students bad freshman work be public forever?
you're a gentleman and a scholar
It's not going to be pretty at all,, if this motherfukker right here flips out
“: Just under 24 hrs until releases his music video!! #biggestfan #soexcited #goodmusic TIME GO FASTER!!!”
Start with the end in mind.
not to me I wore a big dumb coat
that's a great idea! Maybe on Monday...
To get a seat, I arrived fairly early for Tim O'Brien reading at Grossmont. Turns out I was the first one there.
Are you posting a new mock this weekend or will it be next?
Thanks for the follows!
What are hair plugs?
Nobody cares how much you know until they know how much you care.
ahahahaha. that definitely cheered me up.
Despite lousy season for Kentucky, their fans are dancing tonight with Pittino losing
kiss the baby! -
I had a hard time convincing myself it was Friday this morning, but #TGIF!
That probably sounded whiny but I don't care.
Is there a movie that you want to see after the award show last night?
Home not selling? Are you presenting it properly? Presentation is one of the key factors that determine a "SOLD" outcome!
listening to justin biebers christmas album in may.. akws
Xbox and movies all day?
Thanks for the RT! I greatly appreciate it!
Listen to the Buzz with Kimberly and Beck today for a chance to win tickets to Nov. 13th Season Closer! RCRD will be on at 8:30am!
The One Direction US Tour
I love U
#GoingRed with cereal and blood orange tea!
Hey ya'll, chill! I know that last pic wasnt a butterfly.. But "moth" or "Luna" didn't rhyme, u dig?
so happy my proposals for #MW2012 got accepted. It is always a serious nail biter!
State seeking smooth foster care transition - Peoria Journal Star
I"m going out on a limb and saying that today will be the last time the Orioles are under .500 for the rest oif the season. Shaky limb, but
Happy Easter everybody
State Excise Police arrest 2 Anderson residents after serving search warrants at pool hall and home. See story
Breaking news 186 accidents today in Oxford due to yoga pants.
When my bro come back, ima get in bed, text oomf goodnight then head to sleep.
To say nothing of what will happen to him once I get my fins on him...
what do you do?
That is seriously so random. I just watched the movie for the third or fourth time. Such a classic.
you're right - just reminded me of Colbert's hilarious comment re MIT
Lunch date w/ la tia <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Come to think about it.. My best friend saved my life... Thank you, I love you <3
Stuck in a boring conversation#help!
Is the realist nigga in battle
What? Didn't you know it's #earnestfriday? ;-)
A date night idea 2nite for him and her: wine tasting at (open until 6pm), dinner, and the home opener for
Had a great day!! Made <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>! Got to see my right <U+270B>! And I got to spend time with my <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>'s!! It doesn't get any better than this!!!!!!
#youthetype to contribute to ignorance by leaving out the re in you're. The humanity.
...right. hahaha my bad. :P -Kayla
Kyle knows you're ditching him next week!
You turned me on to some great Tweeps today--thanks! And have a great weekend. Signed, Me & my biceps ;-)
Casey Anthony and George Zimmerman cases - so many parallels.
Perfect day for a burrito from ! It is sunny and lovely in Mpls.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
Keep pushing music dude, your young. I UNDERSTAND, I've been there, trust me. You have amazing talent, don't give up :)
#Lebron reading "Who Moved My Cheese?" Anyone else just see that?
Libraried the complete poetry of John Donne. Now Easter in the mountains may happen.
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.
Way too many moments to live in. Can't we all just get together at an annual conference?
Me either. Shit...why does twitter require a fuckin' masters degree!!!?????
if someone back stabs you, they weren't really your friend in the first place.... I'm here if you need to talk (:
Waiting for a doctor's appointment
And I find it kind of funny. I find it kind of sad. The dreams in which I'm dying, are the best I ever had.
Even better if it's white lacquer! RT : "I believe in plenty of optimism and white paint." (Elsie de Wolfe)
I completely agree!
I'm tired and this iPhone light bright ah on dim. Goodnight
Wishing luck, happiness and success to all the seniors!
please follow me
Bro. Bro. BRO! No
love the movie "Something Borrowed" but I cant help but feel angry about the fact that I would lose my mind if my best friend took my fiancé
my thoughts exactly.
hey clay did anyone send you pics?
Bradshaw: complex markup and linking create complex data structures. E.g., scribal profile+images+image polygons+commentary
Starships will never get old to me. Same with Super Bass.
So yeah. Go ahead & tell me the Hip Hop Police don't exist. I'll wait.
When you realize your relationship with someone is never going to go back to the way it used to be <
A women will we fuck for the money, even if your ugly. If you got the money she's fucking!! hahaha
Dumbest thing (wife) has asked me in a long time: "So, do you want any of this bacon?"
I need to catch up on Twitter
On a lighter note, I'd like to know more about the awesome cat sneer photo on
nah, go lake the posts instead. Security at Ryan Field probably lax
attending ELI Fall Focus
an hour*
Since KY has already beaten everybody in the Final Four but one, can't we just play OSU and be done?
i accidently forgot my book at school, so i cant finsh my worksheet for it, so i cnt study....so fuck it! lol
that's awesome! Congrats :D
you may've just opened a can of
Tonight's Foreign Film "The Lives of Others" (Germany 2006). Starts at 7:30pm. Don't miss this amazing movie!
thank you sands are u going I be in BG this summer
I'm in the mood for something italian.
#teamBlake I'M DYING.
Win a copy of Alison Hart’s WHIRLWIND Visit www.bookingmama.blogspot.com click on the cover on the left hand side before August 31st.
Broncos trade 25th overall pick to New Engalnd for 31st and an extra 4th round pick.
coming soon through INDIGO TREE PUBLISHING: DIFFERENT, a teen novel about a remarkably talented girl with ADD
The outer world is a mirror of who you are at any particular point in space-time.
Drastically improved OpenGL performance by reducing glDrawElements calls. Rendering all of Stormwind at 20fps.
seems to me that #xtina is jealous!!!! You are up and coming and she has stalled! Keep killing it dude you fucking rock
Can I stop playing trophy guard bruh? I'm old, my backs going out
Big New! Kissing Daylight will be opening for Kill Devil Hill @ the Mad Hatter on Saturday Oct 29th. We will have tickets for the show soon!
Adam Laroche has picked up where he left off in April. I think he's worth an add where available.
Why would anyone return your calls?
RT "Tragedy is just comedy that hasn't found it's audience."
Nutella Commercial on right now...OMG
Lunch Special! Cheese Steak Sub with Jalapeno Mayo, Fries, Coleslaw, and a Drink. It's time for a hibernation meal.
I'd hug you all day if I could.
I have to nap for at least an hour
Picked the wrong day to take a internet marketing course for millet tourism. Keyword search is heartbreaking.
Erase Everything Inside And Leave Just One Thing On Your Mind. You Only Live Once So Just Go Freaking Nuts. 'SS
Morning people. At work!! It feels like 100 degrees outside. Wow
Thanks! Hope you have a good holiday as well!
Off to personal training...aarrgghh
you suck too, lol.
My fave part of In The Room was Fleury's helmet cam. His jabbering at teammates was classic. Love it.
strategy, control, and really not having anything else to offer/say mentally. she seems mentally ill at times.
I live USA ^^
#FF Southern Writers
Amen. RT : Hope there's a special place in hell for purveyors of hotel wifi.
all of this 'follow them and i follow u' crap is bombing my tweet feed get over urself and find a new hobby
So true! Let the church say amen!
Elluz made an appt to come in to our clinic and get a free massage this is going to weird
Beliebers Are Excited For Turn To You :)
How about yourself?
hungry and tired
Deana tits r awesome!!!!
Good morning I don't want to go to school really tired!!!:(
Seems scientific progress is judged by the worst possible thing that could happen, never the best, or even most realistic.
There it is! My point guard appeared
I feel so bad to Tim Tebow. New York Jets. Woof! The guy is going to get destroyed by the media storm.
I really need to start my days in fewer Stretch Armstrong-like positions. Ow.
OK........the Easy bake Cakes are ready! Yum!
Is signing off and headed to bed: check the show tomorrow!!!!
Thanks for having us!
Aw, don't worry be happy :)
Google Summer of Code ( ) needs an Autumn of Usability.
Boston never been a LA fan
Great to meet you at NCVS! What's your email? I'd like to send you the answer to a question you asked at the show...
Have you met our new leasing consultant? Welcome Kady! We are so happy to have you on our team.
Massage this morning, then a haircut. Wonder if I can squeeze anymore body maintenance appointments in before tonight's X show... Pedicure?
THANK YOU!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>grrrrr!!
I'm tryna get it together
guess who's gonna be in today's [harbor]...
Thank you Melissa for forming a "new" Dream! haha! I am so excited you all are back, and can't wait for Lady Phoenix's album
I'd like to request "Young Homie" by Chris Rene -
I thought I was too. But then I ordered pizza and just looked at it put it in the fridge.
Still not putting the ducking motor in
Contrats! RT : Amazing!! RT : PR Agency of the year winner is Ketchum! Congrats again!
"That was the best crab cake I've ever had"-At least 4 people last night complimenting the Owl Bar's jumbo lump!
Im sitting at a bar on the inside, waiting for my ride on the outside.
car show next weekend! Drowning Pool in house next Saturday night. 8111 Meadow Leaf 410&Marbach 78227
Excellent. We'll be looking for you. Cheers!
Thanks for the RT!
Stupid Spam Emails >:-(
I'm giving up on a life as a professional. Its no fun whatsoever.
I have a little brother now ;* Welcome to the world Jr .
hahah, no one wants to go there! you coming out Wednesday night for the AXE event? I will shoot you an email...
The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting.
I'm going to see and tonight at lamberts!! 1st RT gets a spot on the guest list!
ME WITHOUT YOU A pothead who's not high A plane that doesn't fly A fat man with no boobs A hooker with no luck A hoe that doesn't suck RT RT
According to Wall Street Journal, Apple's iPhone will have a larger screen
This may be silly, but why not use fan donations to fund a portion of this stadium? I'd chip in $1,000 over the next 30 years.
« « Words only affect you as much as you let them...»»
I think a lot of this broads are taking these hoodie pics because their hair is just fucked up.
in NY to promote my new book!
Break his legs
#Wisconsin #Governor #ScottWalker declares it 'Beat Up On Everything St. Louis Weekend!' Then bans Bud. #GreenBayPackers #MilwaukeeBrewers!
Don't know. Can't see the area from the house. Was standing in the garage when it shook the ground. Nada from the neighbors.
I'd be honored if you checked out my little sister's new site. She is, in my opinion, very talented! www.alkohlmannimagery.com
Full of vinegar today. Cynical re: Facebook now calling its Privacy Policy a Data Use Policy. Fed up w/ shoddy voice quality on phone.
interviews & about #WeTheParty on the latest plays Movie News Roulette.
More Than Welcome Lady Leslee... how been thy day as of yet?
Have yet to start #writing today as the entire morning's been spent putting out fires everywhere. Can't work in a burning office can I?
I'll bet if the mayor sold her #ravens skybox tickets she could raise enough money to keep those pools open all summer.
Night for now! Happy summer.
Typing up invoices, bit boring but nice to know theres money coming in! Also, they are for really fun cakes!
To my inspiring heroines: Happy International Women's Day!
Thanks for the info. We'll look into it.
Sorry, 4got the #tdu2012 . Will u be at this event in #Charlotte? Would LOVE to connect. I'll be there on Thursday afternoon!
Oy vey - These dogs are draining my bank account
Daniel Bryan!!!
wHO IS THE TERRORIST? THE TAXPAYER BEING THREATENED OR THE STUPID IDIOT SHIT BRAINED INDIANA GOVT ASSHOLES W/GUNS & CARS & COMPUTERS & ETC?
Another former athlete, #JuniorSeau, commits suicide. The one year suspension to #Vilma looks a bit too lenient now. RIP Junior.
its was last night somewhere...dont remember
Big thanks to The Sail Inn for hosting our show last night! The sound was perfect and we had a blast! THANK YOU!!
If you seriously have enough time on your hands to wish badly upon people and talk shit about them your clearly a bumm. Sit yo ass down
$10 tix for #NIGHTSWEATS tonight. Mention 'Industry Night' at the door!
Heath Schuler (maybe spelled wrong??)
thanks luv! Are you hosting or letting others do all the work? :)
How To Jump Start A Car
ever been to The Barge Inn? Might have a show there in March. I was gonna see what you think of the place.
I guess starting Beckett and Bumgarner was a bad idea today.
congrats on the new MTV show, how come was hosting it
#Nuts: The #cashew is native to Brazil. It is rich in #fat, #protein and #minerals #magnesium, #selenium and
Free screenings tonight: Marley, Touchback, The Pirates! Band of Misfits, and The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel.
now watching Jay-Z being interviewed on "Real Time w Bill Maher"..fascinating..gotta live J
I don't know what to wear tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
im performing with YOUNG MONEY in Hollywood and was wondering WHERE i can get those RED glossy shoes you have?
#'s only show up in the same looking room maybe its code for something zombie related. maybe it's a peek at the new zombie map
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
It'd pose to be strippers there
There's a man riding a three story tall bicycle up Sepulveda from Santa Monica blvd. playing "Over the Rainbow" thru a bullhorn on back!
Somebody tell me something that will make me think DARK SHADOWS will be good.
don't start lol
Former fantasy baseball catcher of mine, Kelly Shoppach, with a 3 run HR. #Rays are going to be real dangerous this postseason.
Come on FSU beat the Duke bastards
your pain on that 1.
Just got a query in my old WMLA inbox. Query tip: Do your research before you send!
a week staying with your fam and you&#39;ll be fluent!
Check yourself before you wreck yourself.
Organize and Purge, Organize and Purge.Salv. Army's coming tommorow and I've gone through every drawer and closet in my house...feels good!
NM State Fair is almost here - call us @ 505-296-4852 to book rooms. Ask for the NM State Fair Special Rate.
I absolutely loved the grad speech Alexis made!!!
“: How does the President have all this extra time to coach and watch basketball?” Seconded
Haha Jamie gonna try to tell Mrs lanyon I'm on drugs... bitch gimme a cup I'll take a piss test right now!
I know! Lots of #crisiscommunications practice going on :)
thx just added
I wonder what my purpose is?
when is our reunion happening?
#greenjacket #masters Will Phil Mickelson win his fourth today?
After Work Thursdays Happy Hour followed by Latin Gold Thursdays Tonight at Presented by
Merry Christmas
Its the moments between the moments that count. Mentioned Meebo as an option.
If FreakNik still exist in Atlanta I would definitely go....looked like so much fun lol
Sarah is right! You look gorgeous!
"Spirituality is to religion as justice is to law." --Richard M. Gross
Finally a movie night seeing #theluckyone with in Rhode Island, then back to NYC in the a.m.
mT : Overhead projector Technology dates back to 1930. #Edchat [swanny203 added: before my time]
I would, but honestly, I'm not eating out these days. #P90X and clean eating has taken over my existence. #rockshows and
They are giving you No. 56? Awesome!! is one of my fav. Pkrs ever and he wore 56, Im sure you will do it justice!
Getting a pure thought life takes purpose. It's not accidental. It's a chosen action.
Laughter is a tranquilizer with no side effects.
I SAID - of course you're the heart of tweeting!
-__________- WIFE ANSWER ME .
Great to have some support from the Czech Republic! Are you a fan of Martin Erat?
If you want something different, you need to do something different!..
Thanks for the +K in Writing!
Did somebody ring???
Wizard of OZ on crack! Michael Jackson's Thriller written all over the stage set-up. So bad, its good!
Pretty sure I actually know what I'm doing with my life... but then there's always tomorrow.
fantastic right ?!?!
sounds great! would love to meet!
u just have to find the right person. Not every one is a jerk.
bahahaha me too
nice dick i would love to suck that
If you have a midnight release party for the #Kinvara3, I'll camp outside. Just sayin.
omg I know xD
We had a spark that turned into a wild fire that consumed & blackened six lives & 11 years of marriage, the spark concept is overrated.
Tommy Thompson: "In three weeks we're going to send a shockwave across this state and nation."
real nice but people like to put their name on 5-10 and 10-25 lists to look cool then not come when we try to start a game
guess what i'm reading...
Waffle butt! RT : How can we best haze new Invincible Czars drummer Gonzalo Ramos?
#seniorconfessionhour I never expect the four years to go by so fast.
“Everyone has that one ex they don't want the world to know they dated.” this reminds me of that one person u bring up for me
Mumford & Sons show at Austin High 3/16 is on the football field. Capacity: with Ed Sharpe. Showing doc they shot at school last year
Yeah...would have thought that store a winner for them. Ergo, perhaps mall is driving this...
tonight, proposed that we have a blt night in the near future! i agree, because blt has gotten soggy! :/
THANK YOU so much for helping spread the word!
NY Giant Shaun O'Hara is attending Lombardi this Sunday!
I've got 1 hour to go before my local place opens up! Can't wait!
Yeah, the Post doesn't even try anymore....
learning is "wanting to learn more."
GO CAPS
#Phelps needs a free lifetime supply of #Charmin to go along with it.
I haven't been this happy in forever :)
Happy beginning of week for all!
oh. my. gosh. Was not expecting that.
: it has something to do with the 12th being a sunday.
Your costume was so awesome! Nice job, lady.
What a great run, maybe I'll be able to sleep tonight!! Who am I kidding, I don't sleep :)
I AM IN LOVE WITH NICK JONAS.
#PhrasesIWishWouldDie...let's be real and to be honest...those facebook games are the lamest
send my regards! Haha
that's right, keep your hoes in line.
at least most options are somewhat healthy! RT : Shopping at Trader Joe's. While hungry.
FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK
Don't dwell on if you're a loser, embrace it
I have also seen the doggie-baby chest contraption and it elicited the same response as the doggie-baby buggie: stop, stare, laugh
Last night i got so wasted at purdue and then cried my eyes out cus i wanted to go home, hahahaha
lmaolmaolmao she didn't shut down the internet (;
And perhaps sitting in front of this large picture window was not the best place to reach into my jeans and remove this wedgie ...
Good morning people
Our about us blurb on is outdated. Is there someone I can speak to about updating it?
Getting my nose pierced Saturday!
Roadtrip snacks: yogurt pretzels, bananas, Cheetos ... and bad gas station coffee in a styrofoam cup.
but the question is..Was it a fair ball?
Seriously?That's sad food news 4 SD MT Blanca in Solana Beach will be replaced with... Woody's Wharf. Menu written in "Tourist Font."
We'll be tweeting from the #outrageousbiz competition at . today. Prof. Murray Low is currently introducing judges.
just saw that beckett's whole golf thing was before he was scratched. i thought it was on the day he was scratched. typical non-story story
in need of a cigarette
I like taking the train and all but I can't imagine being on this for longer than a day.
A big-ass Oakland welcome to Malik Abdul Siegel, brand new firstborn of !
right on thanks: )
clearly no deer hunting here. dad: "yeah i sat up in a tree all day and waited with a knife for one to come by and jump on it."
Just shot you a DM, but it looks like you've already tracked down the goat. Cheers!
So sleepy. School school school and some more
Lebron still got 2 whole inches of forehead exposed even with that thick ass headband on ..damn bruh!!!
I don't care about who's our next #president in 2012 we're all gonna die from them anyways!?
poor memory. I recall prop D now, but wasn't totally aware of whole pic; knew would help closing budget shortfall
Is the Fareye returning?
just listening to RDWolff...about austerity...when the Greeks refuse to pay...the financial snowball will begin downhill
If your digital agency says they'll make your video viral, they lie. You can create a stellar video and it MIGHT go viral...
...and Thanks for the badass picture Tweet! Im gonna make that my new Twitter background! ...as soon as i figure out how ;-)
Looking forward to meeting up with Udesign4U... It's time to look at sample leathers and hardware
Sometimes you have to hit rock bottom in order to learn a valuable lesson!!!
OMG. I havent been on twitter for like 1OOOOOOOO years. Jeez. Am i dead? D: Talk to be peopless(:
GATOR FOOTBALL!
and we love that you love free stuff. Wonder what the giveaway will be?
car it is... Henry Ford reference
Advice from an ex-SBUX barista: Next time order a Black Eye (coffee + 2 shots).
More #LobsterRumble love for
co-sign. Highlights for us were the Knife, Boards of Canada, and Massive Attack. You?
Test message.
The defense is horrible. Lack of a scoring big man is hurting this team
hahah u know what I mean
I took out a second mortgage and bought/installed every font in existence. Worth it.
How do I misplace an entire sprue?
thank Natalie...things do get better...and better some more :)
Get the right people on the bus and in the right seat. Jim Collins
Happy Easter(:
GOOD MORNING....
Thanks Paris Hilton, Well said. You are AWESOME.
are you guys playing moonstruck!?
Easy Saturday then I have my big interview for reality tv tomorrow.
we getting those Friday?
Good call on Comet Coffee! It was delicious!!
DERF is Fred the other way around, not Dref lol ;)
Bball league game Praying that I don't play like a pos - again
Today's doodle is St. Basil's Cathedral in Moscow. Celebrating it's 450th birthday today.
Morgan Pressel signing right now at the Merchandise Pavilion
In a meeting the previous director's term was referred to as a "regime".
if you're interested in an internship contact
I know that's sad for you, but it's pretty much the greatest thing ever for me. Skype date soon?
Dear teacher I already know how to make a power point please stop repeating yourself!!!! Thanks
THEN YOU GUYS MIGHT BE ABLE TO COME TO MY PARTY
Gonna try and get a Lord Tensai article done before the Royals start.
I will laugh really, REALLY hard at every Red Wings fan if the Pens still win.
haha, its a good one nevertheless. On a slightly related note, have you seen "What Dreams May Come"?
mahomie slumber part
I Cried When I had my first little paranormal experience. Lmfao.
Again with the screens on 3rd down, no wonder we can't convert!
Holding down nights on 103.7 KISS FM for the rest of the week! Guess I should do something!!
You are more than welcome. Passes will be available after 6PM today. Hope that helps!
Looking good! Best of luck with launch today!
Gave up icecream for lent #epicFAIL RT Icecream anyone? Today's free cone day at all Ben and Jerry's stores.Any flavor you want!
Headache---go away, you bitch.
Personal branding! Spot the Bigfoot -- even the metaphorical ones, oh -- in every Cathy C. Hall story!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS!!!!!!
Have a bless & productive day everyone "Most of the time we already know the answer(s) to the answer that we R seeking, it's already in us"
Woohoo Pay Day tomorrow!!! Fuck yeah! Wait...... I was off like 6 days the past two weeks
Kimora Lee Simmons’ Favorite Fashionable Males of 2011 (PHOTOS) Resident fashionista Kimora Lee Simmons shared with Celebuzz her picks
my parents are such psychos when it comes to me driving alone.. clearly I'm not a terrible driver if I got my license....
the song is really nice and i made it in a studio this would like this song hopefully ull see this !!!!
Tonight we have a Mojito. This Elderflower Liqueur is perfect for spring. If you try one let us know what you think
great idea :) happy shopping!
Who wouldn't love you?!?
kid released hamilton in his ESPN
We are very saddened to hear about your recent experience at our store. We value your business & hope to see you again soon.
Junk Mail box has messages from Article Marketing Robot. Thanks for being honest
70% surveyed said would use a QR code again or for first time. 87% scan QR codes for coupons.
Remember, the state of this moment and your life are nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind and spirit
I love it when a plan comes 2gether.
yay I wanna be in it! Kk I'll get the app :)
FAITH! I have it...and I will make it through this next leg of the semester. I believe, trust, and know that this to shall pass. :)
when!? Are you a gemini?
Had a gr8 meeting with Mercedes at SuperValu. Knowledgeable, helpful, personable--and super advice!
I hope you didn't bet!! LOL
come to Bare or Liquid
I wasn't looking that close, but I did notice a lot missing addresses, job info.
My lil puppy is attacking my cousin!!!!!!!!!ah
Ahahahahahahahahahaha!! Did she recognize you?!
I'd do anything for you..but you want something that Im not.
Everybody go to wsm.com real fast and listen to the opry. My honey will be on in a little bit. Anything else exciting? not for me.
Bird chases bug.
I haven't given a general Roll Tide in a while. So, Roll Tide.
Menu at Cuernavaca next Thurs: chips & guac, chicken tacos, beef tostadas, cheese enchiladas, rice and beans, & bunuelos!...
Every day when you enter your office, remind yourself that you are working for the Lord in all you do.
Two students give articulate testimony on how ASSET would help them. HS civics teacher now speaking in support.
You spoke, we listened! Starting on Monday, Gingham will have full-service lunch. No more lines, enjoy your gingHAMburger without the wait!
Also working on A Very Short Introduction to Modern Japan. Fascinatingly informative.
Monday night kickball with the team was awesome! We didn't win, but we'll get them next time. :)
Ole Miss is f'in TERRIBLE
I forget 23 like I forget 17 And I forget my first love, like you forget a daydream
I'd been as a kid many times, but I love it much more now that I can appreciate cities.
I wish someone will knock on my door and give me a bunch of free chocolate ice cream. hmm yum'yum :)
Today was long long AF
I'm not getting any younger .. I wanna have a puppy .. 8-D
This morning we'll be @ menaul/carlisle area, panhandling for our Crimestoppers program. Then in the afternoon, we'll be busting panhandlers
Im sleepy :I
The Elias Sports Bureau just announced that Tim Tebow will have his stats kept by a chimp. Who has been taught to count all the way to 9.
I didnt give a fuck yesterday, I don't give a fuck today, and there's a 99.98756% chance I'm not gonna give a fuck tomorrow.
at least you found your keys. Did you?
Interesting, but statement at bottom is worrisome. No citations of sources to support views and ideas?
The 1st ever Great American Songbook Hall of Fame will honor Cole Porter, Marilyn n Alan Bergman, and Barry Manilow.
damn u... Clear ass fuckin pics.. As long as I own an Android, we shall no longer be friends :/ this decision needs to be made
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you hang out with the most ratchet person in the whole world
u r supposed to be campaigning not hula hooping and flash mobbing!
“: #3WordsOfAdvice never say never”
Thank you for the mention!! I hope you are doing well.
no plans. Let me know if you want company. Otherwise, we'll be watching at our house. All are welcome.
That's Betta
Whoa. They didn't tell you how to manage hypoglycemia? Maybe that will help control the migraines better?
How do you normally dress? In a Jacabunny suit? ;) Happy Mother's Day!
And the winning streak continues
John L. Smith taking over Arkansas. Hop on the bangwagon while you can
Brand new CUTE summer clothes smh
so does this mean that MBAs don't use libs, or that UofMinn aren't buying books MBAs want? Just askin...
Silent Assassin
It's honestly a form of torture... "Tell me, or I play the song!" RT OMG, K4K really needs a new darn jingle!!
HOLOGRAM .MY BAD SHITT!!
Had a great time working with and on the "Briefcase" looking forward to the feature, "Double Fury"
Bottomlinesecrets for people in the know. Subscribe
So if i could pick 10 players to put on the field for a baseball team with todays players this would be my team: Joey Votto 1stbse (cont.)
oh okay. I never when on Disney website before.
fall asleep in a strange pretty girls bed. WILL WAKE UP IN A BATH OF ICE WITH KIDNEYS STOLEN
I like the banana Rama but do you wanna hear a calculus joke?
must a been a good night
": I'm ready to go to NYC !" right here witcha! its gon be liiivvee
RT Airplane wing as viewed from two seats back.
#YouWereCuteUntil Your free 30-day trial of Adobe Photoshop expired
RT : Leadership is developed, not discovered. Anonymous
Texas road house wiff mommy and my lil bitch of a sister .
": Kevin Hart is funny af"
And a Happy Arbor Day #FF right back at ya!
As a Mets fan I am ashamed of the attempt of one of our players taking the cheap way out in trying to win a batting title today.
RT : #sadtweet Last episode of season.
I had a client one parole for 99yrs. Think! What would that do to your psyche?
I'm tweet around the clock
A great way to keep my heart forever is to consistently cook for me. I will stay in love!
haha I seriously do too! I remember being at the fair when Alex and I took the picture
"America is too great for small dreams"
aww we should all go together i miss you guys!!!!
This week's Custom and Micro Beds are up, featuring a special cut inspired by Lady Gaga! Check it out on #productionvault!
That's Finna be her big break lowkey
ha ha...maybe I'll start judging a book by the title then. :)
go mayhem big hammer!
Good Morning Tweetie-flies. Thrilling Thursday. Do something exciting in your life. Be thankful and show love. Peace & Blessings.
Proud Of Ian Somerhalder ...Come on guys help and trend!!! RT RT!!!
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1880 the first "hail insurance company" was incorporated as the Tobacco Growers’ Mutual Insurance Company.
48 million people own a mobile phone but don't have electricity.
Dinner with Elmore and Peter
Ahh, congrats! Ever since I started following your blog, I've been rooting for you :) You're an inspiration!
may I have a follow back please? :)
lol i see you baby
can we Skype?? Please. I really need to talk to someone
Best friend of mine died last night in a car accident. I'll miss you and never forget you hannah:'(
Girls they want him, guys they wanna be, who's that boy who's that boy<3 tell me who's that, who's that.
You're usually the voice of reason, instead you let a commentator with a conflict of interest talk over you.
Niggas goin overboard wit this boosie shit he not no biggie , no pac , no nas , no jay z , and no lil Wayne
“: . has endorsed for county supervisor.”
Life is great now that I have iTunes Match setup. All my music, on all my computers & devices, stored in the cloud!!
I think it's time to open shop in a new makeup studio.
Yeah, but something happened along the way that I don't entirely still understand. But eh.
Ha! That's kind of funny but she brings up a point...when does it cross the line?
Great to see you, too - and looking forward to a #RockBand night sometime soon!
I knew you'd understand Tj.(:
Thanks Mike!!
Ha! “: I wonder how bananas people went on March 14, 1592 #PiDay”
Heart crayons for valentines day!!!
Hey guys, you know what's great about hatred? It goes with everything.
Back to class and Happy Chinese New Year!
Who has POV??? I can't wait to hear.
i just beat angry birds seasons with 3 stars on each level :)
are u still in Cali?
He's probably the hot tub type
prolly this girl i know...or Heard...
I haven't attended company sexual harassment training yet, so I have no idea what any of you are talking about
does anyone know if the forbes and GQ magazine that justin is featured in are out yet?
just now ANY win is something!
he was, wasn't he? x) did you go?!:O
how sweet...
fat ass!!! Bill just tell u later. is chai up?
hoarders...omg! Crazy people!! But charlie sheen is whore-ding at home! :P
RSVP Now! Only 100 #free tickets left for tonight's #concert -<U+25BA> www.johnbaptistrecords.com - Go & reserve your #FREE tickets
Hate when people get in the way
oh, that sounds lovely. have an excellent time!
Happy birthday to mi mama, I'm so thankful and blessed to have such a strong single mother and guidance in my life, I love you Mom <3
At least 5 trucks lined single file at the light. The last truck was sticking out in the other lane. I inched my car up so the rest could 2
thanks so much haha we love you!!
#ProjectX is a party I wish I could throw.
yea she did in he stupid for going back like haven't he ever heard the phrase once a charter always a cheater! Smh he so dumb!
Omg so excited that are having a concert at MSG, I'm getting tickets for this one and not taking no for an answerr <3
If you tell me you hate something i do, it just makes me wanna do it more. Lbvs
let me guess lame glories, chiles, b.j in Downey Fucken lame
Leaders in hoops also come up w/big buckets, make big passes 2 the open man and comes up with huge stops and dives on loose balls
Had a great evening volunteer night! Happy to do anything I can to get SB-2 (Civil Unions) to pass in #CO!!!!
Its one of those nights isn't it?
Son Ryan took final senior test yesterday. Effectively done w high school. So strange.
I usually don't talk to much on fb
May you be happy,may you be peaceful, may you be free from suffering.
Please god let today be a good day :)
Bahahaha, this made my Friday.
They say I'm a doctor now. ha ha
Will you ever follow me?
phew .... is still in there
Lakers Thunder should be telling...
Are you talking about me?! I totally need a cape!
Dnt need a boyfriend or boytoy....AQUARIUS needs a ##Partner=TEAMMATE...Why that's hard to understand..UGH!!!
MEOW!!!! When is Jules free? Consider it done!
i remember when i used to have time to call u back :(
Congratulations to all those accepted and welcome to The Ohio State University College of Medicine!!!
#civilwar FOTD. Born on this day in 1822, CSA Brigadier Generals Leroy Augustus Stafford and William Stephen Walker... (continued)
#RejectedFuneralHomeNames Epic Fail
Having flowers delivered early gives Mom a head start sharing pictures on Facebook and making you look like a super hero.
never ... but was faster at responding today ;)
I'll play you in a game of bmx.
Totally agree! It feels normal #LA weather!
:( fine i guess ill wait then.
The golden rule for every business man is this: “Put yourself in your customer’s place. – Orison Swett Marden
She ratcchheettt RT : I'm going to prom in sweats &amp; my hair in a bun.
lol yes ma'am ! Just tryna get this money
#Globalwarming on agenda at my Rotary Club lunch this week. Speaker is outstanding, but some rumbles from members about "hoax," etc. We'll c
I Work Hard All Night Like I'm On 90px
I'm about to drift off into a food coma
I miss you too girl! Summer starts in less then a week, I'll be there son(:
haha my picture looks funny meeh face is like stretched
he doesn't have the flu, and how can you tell, it's only the 1st quarter
from where
thanks for the follow check out #teamf2a & the podcast
Thank you - I see that now that you mention it and saw it on Fb!
I haven't been to St. Alfred's yet...does that mean I'm not a true #Sneakerhead??
I have a crush on Future. There I said it.
Amazing photos. Nice job Drift Photography. Heading to base camp in April. Any tips on a good camera that's easy to use?
watch your mouth...
glad to know i'm not the only person crabby about this derek!
At least I'm not the only one who has noticed this.
Shelton Johnson with a nice tackle to stop Lewis for no gain. 2nd and 10 for White.
's book on Progressive Enhancement is next for sure but it was 's last night
So TAKEN 2 is a real thing. Don't know how they can really top the first film, unless they somehow triple the body count.
F James Harden
sweet yea dude I'll walkie talkie you haha.
My leg hurts so bad! ),: I hope its not broken! Ughh it sucks getting hurt cause you feel like you can't do anything yourself /:
Looking forward to 5/16! RT YAY! I'm excited to see you both! :)
on was EPIC! Power Tools rock! International Superstar DJ Carlo Astuti is taking this game by Storm, watch out!
#FantasyFootballChampion! Sorry , next year...
i love not having to wake up so early,sleeping in much better!
but in a way, I feel like I would be gaining the whole world and losing my soul if i did that.. and I DON'T want to do that.
As a fan, I want the best for Britney. And if she didn't want to do something or didn't feel ready to do something, she wouldn't do it.
He'll get to play more at Chelsea than at City, and will get paid more at CFC than United.
He is, and they haven't said a word on the broadcast as of yet.
I'm thinking it's a combination: didn't dry well underneath & had a spray tan last wk. My skin is becoming more & more sensitive!
Awards presentation starting. Excited to be hanging with #NWARK friends at
sometimes i feel like Mr. scrooge rich and lonely im not rich but still lonely
Close calls, meaning others who came close. Michael, Whitney, Janet, Madonna, George Michael, the list goes on
Pretending to care about a teacher's personal life, to waste time in their class <<
Looking forward to learning your insights on monetizing LinkedIn for today's BMA CHI Breakfast
3 days - 3 good runs. time to pick up the pace to get ready for august 1st.
Recipe will be on the week before Mother's Day!
I'll ask, then text youu if i'm allowed?
Would you also ask "What's the difference between this paper document and its microfilmed version?" Important distinction, imho.
"You live with your mother!" Correction: "No! My mother lives with me."
I have an interview after school, ugh i don't feel like staying.
deepthroat down riverside sparkin up the hashish mindfuck the lil smut scene in the backseat
Hey Yong Hee! Thanks for the RT. How are you?
With Rick Santorum back in Pennsylvania, the future is brighter for the GOP up and down the ticket, says the leader of the Log Cabin Repu
no :-( I meant CR- lived there for 3 yrs
#MrMom Chocolate Cake. Parenting by Cosby!
Trying to book several business travel flights on and the prices seem higher than ever...not competitive either. Disappointed.
In order to make it to your goals you have to take the first step.
show on April 15th at IU is gonna be the
Hi ladies! Any decisions on a CSA. I'm still pondering.
Looking forward to warm weather @ end of week!
I worrie to much
good to see you Tuesday. Thanks for stopping in. You always light up our shop with your energy.
Each decision we make is an important decision.
I'm trying to make important wedding decisions and tells me he's too busy reading tweets.
Trying to hide from someone is kinda hard lol awkward how he wasn't even inside the room and I tried all that for nothing ..
I keep having nightmares about filing.
What a Beautiful day!! : )) It's 80degrees and sunny!!
85 is torturous, man. ;)
Ha!! RT : the best part of my evening was running into on foursquare and in real life.
heads up, just sent you an email inquiring about scheduling onsite #BbCollab training at
Birds of prey do not flock together. ~ Portuguese Proverb
Of course its crap. The classic "summer intern" stry; whn I interned 4 Roll Call, I wrote a "fnny" Tp 10 list tht was def nt "news."
Hey bro
I heard that it was considered "classless" or "tacky" in those parts of the world.
I dont believe that at all. Unless his parents already have money he will go to a big school.
lol mines too that's because i drop mines bout 3 times lol
I want to delete my page and start a new one
Sometimes walking away from an unbearable person is the best solution.
If deep down in yall heart think the Pacers gonna win 4 games against the Heat kill yoself LOL
Beautiful day in the NW. Been out in the garden all day -- I love Spring!
HAVE YOU LAUGHED YET TODAY?????????- Ellen's Hilarious Scare Montage
I'm bout to ride ya ahh ( chaz voice )
I forgot how much fun this is
Its OK, Aiden can advise us on lyrics, he's a big fan
ah. She snap at ya?
My stress level is literally through the roof. I feel a heart attack coming on soon.
Motivated reasoning drives the world.
Just got home from seeing the Avengers and that movie was awesome!!!!!!!!!
hey you (:
excited to be a part of the cabinet with and :D
Daniel Bryan is a jobber!!!
can't wait to see you guys!
Hard at work prepping for the LA Times Festival of Books (), or LATFOB, as we like to call it. Sounds like an expletive.
wayne, weezy baby, , young money -- i love you boy. great night all around
haha. Tequila, margarita mix and kombucha.
Budgets cuts mean 100 fewer food-safety inspectors in Canada
I WANT PHIL.
#that1friend who knows she would get more followers if she puts her bra as her avi instead of her face...
Carolyn Kirio about to speak on Go!Animate in science class. Another non-research paper option.
hey thanks! Thanks for checking us out. We are recording a new album soon so well let all our followers know about it! :-)
Perhaps he was prepared by same person in charge of his communications :Maloney not as prepared as I would have thought
Great weekend, halloween party Friday night and three birthday parties on Saturday!!! So much fun! I was an IPod Shuffle Dancer-
listen closely, and don't stop working. no one can tell you who you are. GINGERBREAD MAN.
About to work out... summer getting close i have to be on point
This Sat, Dec 3rd, 9a-7p! Kick off the Holiday Season w/ discounts, yummy food samplers, live music, carolers and more!!
Amen. Did what I could to cover the young guns/contemporary #BAM side of things... lots more to explore, though!
Ew don't say that.
Happy Mother's Day to all those great doggie moms who have given a second chance to our Lucky Dogs! We Love You!
We in our last days
I know right!! Should NOT be this devastated!
My aunt calls mayonnaise "American sauce."
hey can you listen to something and let me know what you think? you have to keep it secret though..:)
I need to stop goin out to BUY what I WANT to eat and jus cook what I already HAVE to eat. spendin too much money on unnecessary shxt lol
Friday afternoon poll: is there an art project I can make out of misc business cards obtained at conferences and meetings?
How in the world does the NCAA allow coaches to be interviewed within a half of a basketball game?
cause i miss you, don't have nobody to act up with.. i need a hug, :'-(
I be faded & thinking about the same person. Always. I feel like it will forever be them alcohol brings back.
Local commercials shouldn't be allowed on draft day
Thank you for the follow! Check in on Monday for Music Mondays!
Huh. its amazing what you manage to request when you are..sleeping at work or something, huh?
That may be... but You'll always be my beautiful princess. *:3*
AND the cutest thing in the world
Thanks Jeff!
I wake up in the morning feeling like Ruth Bader, um... I mean P. Diddy.
Im obsessed with Batman.
Taking antibiotics for the 1st time in over 7 years! Holistic hunneys, any tips to lessen the stress on my immune system?
SelenaG&NickJreplyStayNelena. First of all a legend just died and bs like this is trending. Second of all, SHE IS WITH JUSTIN. Get over it.
O i need to go swimming
Take a shot at guessing our #CyberMonday deal in the next hour & get a whole line of Lichi products FREE for just guessing right!!
Another old Ricky Gervais interview where my head is discussed - Night of Too Many Stars, before his first stand up in the US bit.ly/xifqvv
Should I make a list of stuff I would rather be doing then going to church? Because it would be infinitely long...
Haha glad I'm not the only one that noticed
Hey, #Netflix, drop the ads on #Limbaugh and I'll check out your free trial offer.
RiP Donna Summer :[ we will remember
I never failed once. It just happened to be a 2000-step process. — Thomas Edison
If someone called me three times in a row I'd probably die from an anxiety/panic attack.
Of course. And then they get that LOOK as I try to explain it really was broken 20 minutes ago.
feel better
My advisor on the fact that me & his other RA from last year were replaced by 2 attractive young ladies: "It's definitely a visual upgrade!"
Still up with yolo all nighter
Why I live in NYC: I can now walk or bike to work everyday through Central Park.
Andy Borowitz: Palin says that if one of the GOP candidates doesn't work out she could step in, which I guess would make her Shemp.
26% of on-air Top Chef viewers watched online transmedia content (Last Chance Kitchen). Impressive.
So far you are the best local news tweeter I've seen. Some of the others are very inconsistent-- you seem wired. Good work!
I'm still hoping he comes back in the bonus round! He is so cute and did such a great job at our wedding in Memphis.
Just ordered the CD. Bonus: there's bassoon on at least one track! RT Happy to announce my new album is available starting today!
see..u need more American in you! Oops. Sounded dirty. Sorry. Lol
": what's your favorite song at the moment?"--Joan Osborne's "I Don't Need No Doctor"
thank you!!!
The WH created a convenient tool to petition government. Instead of complaining, why not encourage people to use it?
From ob/gyn to chipotle to jewelry store to costco to bank, ones infers things about another's life. Congrats!
Back to philly
here after a brisk week. looking forward to some great insights.
Awww!!! How sweet!!! XOXO I appreciate that Scott!
Every day I push and keep trying and everyday I praise God for the Victory~BAMM.
Ready for some football. Hopefully Asa is too!
Bucs using all their time. Well, they missed out on Claiborne so who knows who theyll pick
Come buy your shots from me tonight!!
Lisa Sun: If you are applying from a non-target school, your application will be online. Get in by asking someone to refer you.
What about old school bar. I wonder if they have some open spots there...
The Linderella story has sadly come to an end. Back to reality now
big episode of veep this sunday
7 die in N.Y. SUV crash
Great to meet you too! Thanks for stopping by and supporting Brew Hey Hey.
Panel: Undocumented children have right to education
rainy..on the couch watching Highlander :(
2 important lessons learned this year: 1st, 1 way ppl say no is by saying nothing. 2nd, yes can come in amazing ways..if you are open to it
lol.okay.just checking.
haha oh it happened. And I was reading Catching Fire :)
how's that may I ask?
Good morning tweepz! It's Friday,it friday in my be blessed guys.
help me w/ my goal ppl= reaching 100 followers
i love food hell yeah
then why do ya'll do that to me
awesome time at the game with ...but why did they decide to start scoring after we left? #Kids=
cool. Just checking in and making sure ur okay :-)
i'm giving up giving up things.
:( Stupid laptop. I hope it perks up soon!
small world! I miss my jersey guys. Not the same in florida. Send bill my best. I hope to see Frank in a couple of weeks.
y u no retweet?
hate it when i wait for one bus a million hours and when one comes, 2 other buses are tagging along at the back!!
He loves other girls...
It makes me jealous how i cant come to NY and meet you :'(
Readyy for the Weekend??
bingo! I know some folks. Would be fun to have cooked on-premise tho. Just depends where.
Overheard @ a game of pictionary: "everyone knows the universal symbol for poop is like a cloud with stink lines coming off of it"
Goodbye #DickClark. Those American Bandstand clips will never get old.
How to cut $100 billion of non-defense discretionary spending | Len ...
excuse me Hell no
You're just somebody that I used to know.
at least the person you responded to didn't hear it!
Hey, check your Facebook messages!
4 races in the books!! Our very own has now finished 1st, 2nd, 3rd, & 4th... Leads the season in points! Anyone in Iowa??
alright I got you
lmbo u r spoiled lol and afternoon Boss Lady :)
Yeah...i was super proud of that Jiminey Cricket.
#StopOahuRail All the propaganda on how a 20 mile rail will create jobs & reduce traffic is full of crap. I have some lava land any takers.
I'm in a Fleetwood Mac kinda mood :)
RT 74-64 Rams win and will face Drexel in the CAA Finals tomorrow. Congratulations Rams!
Topic on family feud: Kentucky. I GOT THIS
of course we follow back. Are you local to Atlanta?
I have a sudden urge to go to San Antonio and spend the night.And Natural Bridge Caverns. And Corpus Christi. And the Grist Mill. And Austin
Gallery Hop "officially" runs 4pm-10pm TODAY! Barrel 44 is open 'til 2:30am so you can grab drinks before, during, and after!
i just got new ones, hopefully they work out. i hate going for the exams
Delta Goodrem - Delta Goodrem Plays Matchmaker For Joe Jonas - Contactmusic.com
Watching Missing with Viggle Thu | 8PM | ABC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Now i'm all excited. You better stop somewhere and buy a hat on the way home.
Now I see why Grammys ran past 11 pm. Probably cuz Nikki was so R rated
im out at dinner, sorry.
I had a bread crumb in my bra lol
I feel sorrwful.
I know right? She's amazing lol. :)
. YES! Enough with the veiled messages. Loved the press conference, but now I'm getting frustrated...
racial issues are so fucked you in your racial commentary arent even comfortable to say Nigger. Racial blindness is bs.
All my niggas rock gold tizneeths... Believe it or not nigga no Ripleys
can you help out the USO of Wisconsin with an Autographed item for a charity event coming up soon?
Lady with no butt making rookie mistakes.
Don't mean to be an ingrate. I love the warmer temps, but don't feel ready to trade in tights and boots for bare legs.
I feel like you'd be a worthy connect 4 opponent
If you are worried about a title, then you are worried about the wrong thing.
Damn.. Lol y u so hot?
Omg mom. STFU.
Hey college hockey teams, don't click those links in your DM box. As Admiral Ackbar would say, "It's a trap!"
Time is not on my side right now...can't wait to get home and relax!
Good morning & happy Monday... Starting the week off right by hitting the gym.
I'm not a cheater! I dont cheat.
Congratulations to on winning
no way! I didn't mean that in a bad way. You're just the only one I know who spins! I imagine that is what it's like!
B2B marketing can be easier because they have more invested in the purchase - more engaged. Linkedin rocks!
I'm getting a refund from WCG on Wed. A couple places didn't take AmEx.
with Scribble... is the "border-bottom: 1px dotted #C" intended to be seen under the header nav?
Cleaning up the bathroom jamming
Voted for #LPC national exec positions. Now to wait for the results.
Few jobs as a fan, one of them is to boo the 'fake to 3rd throw to 1st' move by the opposing pitcher.
Good points. We prefer our sake chilled but see how this could be too general a remark + some DO benefit from age. Thanks!
going shopping again...
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks. ~Ambrose of Milan via MT
When a child is hurt there are consequences that affect the child for the rest of their life
Derek I fucking hate you. All you do is hurt her. You're so Fucking selfish. ugh!
- Thanks for the RT! Have a great rest of the week.
Two things you should do before end of year. 1. Read #Rework and 2. Go see #MI:4
In honor of Teacher Appreciation Week , yesterday I voted for
I need some rest today
Hooray!!!!!!! Congrats!
if violence is a disease then everybody in my city got it
Did you know that shutters come in several colors other than white? They can be pearl, vanilla, or sandstone shades. (oh, a pun!)
dance Of the week "pou gasol" my own creation!
I have 5 percent on my phone, but I'm just too damn lazy to put it on the charger -____-
“You, Amy, have an extraordinary sense of beauty,” Judge Calabresi said. “You, Cary, have an intellectual depth & a sweetness of soul.”
If you could live in any other country in the world for one year, which country would it be?
“: #NW Robot Chicken” Too Funny ain't it.
dad: “: Transitioning to 1 crutch,”
What's your "must have" dish at Big City Tavern?
WAAAH im gonna cry.
Embrace the present moment with gratefulness and wonder, and you will turn it into whatever you have been waiting for.
home from school !:)
I'm from Philly 2 :) what part of Philly do you live in ? I'm in Mayfair :)
Leaving for Italy today!
apparently it's national gourmet coffee day? i'm celebrating with a massage!
Pancreatic Cancer Action Network
Thanks, Aaron:)
just unfollowed every newspaper. twitterfeed nice and uncluttered by already-read headlines
A Turkish coffee from Hoda’s on Fremont might be the perfect thing to warm you up tonight!
oh lol im alone... bored now
YES! "how can tech smart, entrep creatives help libs? serve on the board, share expertise, co-work in libs, ask Qs".
I saw you in Shanes video. You were amazing!
naaaaaa man, that's what you think
Awesome. We're still decorating Portland in honor of your arrival, whenever that may be!
Lowest rates in town! Cars near you right now! 206-722-7696
Bored to heck downloading music yah
cool see you there!
No tengo amigos
right those are good numbers. I was stating that WAR is flawed that Yuni had a -2 WAR last year. Think WAR isn't always perfect
Holy multitasking!
......and Both Elle & Elise are Now some walking babies!!!!
Funny how , and I all have legitimate reasons to move to Florida after school.
- your comment system is b0rked on Chrome/Mac
not as well connected in NYC as I am in BOS - but i'll keep my ears open for ya!
. yayyy glad you like the new post :) hope your weekend was fab! xoxo
Spend yesterday with 20 brilliant people. I'm so excited about what is being planned for later this year, but I can't tell you yet...
JEW FRO! #wow #TheJenShow RT I hate Jen, I hope she drops a phone on her face and gets a hairbrush stuck in her Jew fro.
www.whoistrillogy.com Follow N learn a thing or two
hahaha not really!
#FOLLOW #FIRDAY THESE LOVELY LADIES
haha YEEUH found my dad stash!
Good morning! I'm feeling great today. I get to see my sweetie later. I still don't know what I'm making for dinner, though.
:)) thanks so much for the vote of confidence. Means a lot!
been chillin, bball practice & what not. How u been
Where are the jobs in genomics? professor quoted in
omg andrea are you kidding
Seriously people, stop doing the wave.
Woke up hungry & forgot my lunch at home -_-.
Think about it...think about your life...and step outside of what the present brings...and be thankful that you are alive another day to
no i dont think so i dont like to watch san antonio..if that dont work out i hope the heat play the lakers im at that game
How do you recognize a Pro-Love advocate? Look for the Pro-Love t-shirts.
I want my skin (with tattoos) to be preserved and either a. Put in a museum.. Or b. in my shop The Rest of me can be cremated Fo sho.
I can't wait to eat some REAL food! Fuck! Getting your tonsils out is no fun!
Angels fire hitting coach Mickey Hatcher, notifying millions on Twitter that Mickey Hatcher worked for the Angels.
no problem
when i fix the final peice of my phone.
Smithtown is eagerly awaiting to grace it with his presence tonight
(Ksenia) I will be tweeting now (mostly me, come other folks as well) for - follow me there!
Things I dislike about #NYC - nothing.
Hobos. The Beauty of Breakdance. Elefante Grande. Big Biceps. 1976 (great year).
It was the most horrific dream of life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> my dreams are too crazy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
correction I'm a fun influence :)
Woke up at 2:30AM to catch a 6am flt. It's now 7am & we're still sitting at gate.
I Have to....Day By Day, I'll grt over it...
you mad cooling best friend
You know everyone keep saying well that's your mom, #Not At All
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach
A huge congratulations and thank you to Kate McChrystal for raising almost $500 yesterday by hosting a delicious brunch!
HORNY!!! anyone horny out there?? That will like to have a hot conversation??
Responded to FIRE @ 47 Furman Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11207. Red Cross auto update.
Come in this week if you're out shopping, we have a delicious new menu!
i'm sorry for ur loss lance
DCCRAA mtg is about to begin!
If ur tweets is a line from a rappers song everyday ur whack- google something else :p
"On Saturdays, we wear pink...to Harvard"
Who's going to win a championship first, Kobe Bryant or Tom Brady?
To the desert of the real
Any TVD BTR or Secret Life fans follow and i will follow back
I'll be there!
Alarming: Is a Second Great Depression Bearing Down on Us?
help trend
Congrats to for winning the $30 Gift Certificate to For Goodness Grape! Ck my blog for details to claim your prize! Yay!
Having trouble getting #The eNotated Sailing Alone Around the World to Australian blogger.
tried Prezi, liked the concept, felt the transitions distracting. Wish I'd seen the presentation. have you tried comapping.com?
Just wrote a banger !!
so i burnt the roof of my mouth yesterday eating pizza, and now it hurts to eat anything
Time waits for no man, neither do I.
Loving that song Look Around by that just played on
I am sitting here listening to the song "Angel Flight" and crying like a baby
its over to fast we want more ice loves coco #need more shows
when are you coming to florida love? (:
start smoking right now!!
welcome to packnation! Greatest franchise and fans in history. Glad ur a part of it now!
On the alameda county books!!
really upset right now. not even the normal upset anymore. i'm just done.
One minute left to go!
People surround themselves with fake superficial people and then complain how much they hate fake people
Real conversation going on on tweeter...way better then fb.
you are the one I turn to everyday, I know you will always be there for me thru everything. I love you so much.
I didn't. He had the grossest dress ever. Ew.
Im not gonna get hurt, so take my hand as we take this slow.
Are they just trying to get a rise out of you?
it was great meeting you and hearing about your research (which is not as dated as you might think!) ...nice job on the Q&A. :-)
Chase Your Dreams
Thanks so much for helping us spread the word about this series. We'll make sure you get some yummy chocolate!
youre supposed to try and cheer me up meanie :p
ATLGETREADY4ME the link is highlighted in blue on my twitter page if you have trouble accessing it let me know also when you
"Wealth, like happiness, is never attained when sought after directly"
thanks, was wondering why it was taking so long to come up... Either way, good times!
Meh: Whether they accept the model depends entirely on their theoretical experience and your own skill at explaining. ;-)
I don't want my children living in that world
NO im not last time i checked i was on the honor roll IF thats dumb Then wats smart
starting the webinar. it is a webi kinda day
suburbia trash monsters. I wanna love and dance... Again.
just hand everyone a drink and suddenly everybody gets along #ilovecollege goodnight y'all.
Thank You Tony for the amazing Holiday diplays! :)
Guess we gotta settle for redbox :S what a life.
Hi Heather, cool pic! We hope you had a great time with us this weekend!
says the teacher that limits web resources in papers is likely going home to use web resources for their lesson plan
I love my job
Bout to go eat
DUDE OH MY GOSH <U+2192> <U+2190> IS SO FREAKINGG HOT LIKE NO JOKE<3
mayweather does not lose
Back to searching for vendor/merchandiser leads for FANSHOES World Cup shoes.
it was your recommendation
my life has been bananas..but i have not forsaken our fried pickle rendezvous...:)
I tapped to click when I favorited.
Didn't say you were a stalker. Just wondering why you're tweeting fake data that supports obsessive, unhealthy thinking.
You are using to kill it then you turn really quickly and chuck the shoe at that spawn of the devil spider >:U.
I love him
Getting flowers in my hair compliments of for #parkingday !
your tweets are hilarious. Go knock on the neighbors' door! Report back.
Watching Independence Day
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS.
Even the horrific Duran Duran tune playing on 's muzak system can't diminish how much I'm loving this crab dish.
Ready for tomorrow.
No biggie, Terri! G'morning! :-)
#closeyoureyes trivia: the song's length is the same as our school address
Only look out for me and my team.
": fuck em, tell her that her man ain't shit!!" Tell her and that nigga to go suck a.....
key at top right of keyboard should be eject key.
Another rainy walking in their shoes. Dedicated community leaders raising awareness about the urgency of homelessness.
everybody needs a fence to lean on
oh, how I would LOVE to come down, but hubbie threatens divorce if I go & hasn't married me yet.
Hi everybody! Lurking & working on grad school stuff 2nite. Enjoying the sound of rain falling here in TX, big storm upon us
No me ago remponsable, de lo que la jente dice...
Heat and frozen drinks!? Now I miss Florida!
ur so welcome!
So Stoked to play some music tommorrow!
“: A thirst for ease without a stomach for the burden, will always keep a church feeling dry & empty.”
I'll never stop writing. People often ask when I will retire, but it's none of their business. Writing defines who I am. - B T Bradford
I'm having hh with your cousin twice removed, Joe Jarpe!!!
Be Prepped! January 22-28 is National Meat Week.
Getting ready to speak to area developmet district conf in Louisville. Excellent meetings here this morning.
"As an educator, I know that you can create a physical education program for your special needs students in only one day"...
Its really hard to put on bare minerals when you can't stop sweating. Amiright ladies? Downside of an upstairs bathroom.
You guys are the shit! ;D 2300, now lets go for 10,000 :)
and If you haven't had a sing-off yet, you guys should. A battle of the wordsmiths would be crazy.
If I can't fulfill the fantasy I can inspire it
Mike! Yes I am. There are some things I wanted to talk with about.
Tune in to this afternoon at 5:44 or 7:44 to hear & talk about gay Republicans.
and miss you girls! Also we are now please follow us there hope you dig the new tracks!.. Roger
Needs to stop taking pictures of me
D'Antoni needs to come back to 2 NYC as ex coach of the NY Knickerbockers
That annoying moment when you cannot find the long side of your blanket.
haha agreed! :P
thanks for a truly awesome job on our #e20 panel today. High point of the show!
When do you move? I'll bring the mint and the bourbon.
Shooting ball well and aggressive on D.
Game over bitch<3
Yes. I'm SO EXCITED!
I've seen the same football player 3 times today. I'm not stalking you, I promise.
Can you give any help finding weather info for I-68 west in Maryland into West VA? Conditions are poor. Can't find info online.
She's Tryna Buy Me KI Passes.
"Money is like manure.. " Probably mostly entered standard use with the musical "Hello Dolly!"? (1964)
When someone tells you to text them, So you text them, And they dont text back. <<<<
Ridiculousness and pizza rolls
It's a beautiful day out! Come on in for a burger & some shopping on the Avenue
Very ready for some qt Mayfair!
The weather has gotten hot here in Philly, but on a cooler day, I'd take it too!
When I see a web headline that refers to Dulles Access Highway I think "local?" I think not.
Web Performance Load Tester PRO™ 5.0 Generates Unlimited Virtual Users
there is Target and Gander Mtn close by so maybe we can stop after dinner.
Same to you Donna.
595k. Ty again for the lucky coffee
wow, cowboy dreams following civilized hockey. You have me confused with a cold blooded shark.
thanks for helping spread the word!!
Had an absolutely excellent day.
Researchers use online crowd-sourcing to diagnose malaria - R &amp; D Magazine
HOORAY! I am a frogurt fiend.
Let me find out your ghost writting
[1] IDF gives security control of Palestinian towns to Arafat (1994) –> Palestinians began attacking Israeli motorists driving through.
Can't wait till Saturday with (((:
don't tell me our youth is running out
Working with analysts needs to become a "way of life" in your company Jim Le Tart RedPrairie
who wants an annoying ass follower
why thank you! SOMETIMES I cook for myself.... but only sometimes. Maybe you can teach me a thing or two!
Definitely back to this account for awhile. I miss it.
I would never do such a thing to you...EVER.
Thanks for the RTs & mentions
Happy 31st Birthday to I hope you have an amazing one! =D
Just found out about in Female Developer talk! Awesome resource & Love the color scheme!
give Leo a badly hug from me!
going to b a good weekend:))
Stomach hurt I need some food of in my shit
There's no drug around like what I found in u
Nursing a sick Rbtkttn. Of course years of vegetarian lifestyle wouldn't prepare you to take a giant hunter chomp of antelope.
hahaha. That might be a good starting point!
who are these sluts
totally agree re the web mobilizing on other issues. as ppl become more comfortable w/the medium, it's the 99%'s best tool.
Chillen with my bestfriends..., food and weed
ITS NOT WAT U THINK
love you boothang ! ;)
Could be a rough one for the #Cubs tomorrow. Using everyone in bullpen tonight, with quick turnaround and Volstad tomorrow.
Warriors are in the 7th slot now. With their luck, someone 8-14 will get into the top 3 and bump them out.
mos def. You ever come up to Annapolis for work?
word I feel you I'm heading to Pacha Saturday no plans on Friday let me know what you getting into
It's okay. Shirley put some on Arianna too & they were both climbing on me so it coulda been either one XD
Listening to #spotify is so much simpler now, not "who do i want to listen to?", just "which album do i want to listen to?"
just got in not ready to be in
#ITAOTC AfterParty feat a collection of the worlds most sought after DJs &
Patrol Sgt. Chuck Buckingham heard one of his favorites after pulling over someone going more than 70 mph. The driver claimed a grasshopp...
oh word word yeah I don't know but I'm sorta pissed seeing how you and me and mark were high scorers of every game...
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Kennedy mystique! Biography of Jackie Onassis – Jackie O. on the Coach.
Thoroughly enjoying my Cavs in The Garden right now.
School year is almost over and my teachers are still giving me tests :P
Mondays Specials: College Road Trip (Disney, Airing 8:00 Pm EST TIME) And is showing all of its Original movies today.
hahahahaha my mom just got hers . She's almost pro!! Ahhahaha !! So how are you :)!!!
Steeler nation baby
guy with the headband over his eyes cookin us
Maritime disputes were another cause leading to the
#WhyAmISoSleepy Your body is speaking to you...get some sleep!
I'm not coaching you.
omg hes flirting with u just flirt back god
it's the who gives a flying #### bowl!
thank's for all your support towards , he really appreciates it.
aw I missed you at the 50 Biscayne sales meeting!
so true
well shucks what can i say :) I'm super proud of my Marines, family and friends. :)
Watching americas mostwanted
I am disturbed by that.
But I guess that would be weird for a 14 year old...
LOL...you better come get him...LOL
the same lol
Finale and I are battling it out. Why can't I record in 6/8?
2.5 hours till kick off. Is anyone else getting excited?!?
Glad to have you joining us!! What do your offices look like?
when one door closes another one opens
who is buying it then???? LOL!
He put himself in a top political position on GOP campaign, we have a right to discuss his public actions. Going to get CRAZY
Your the reason I wake up every morning :)
The best advice seems to always come from Disney: just keep swimming....
I no a lot of Kobe haters
around with them I just did yesterday!
I've been watching a lot of old eps of on MTV Tres recently. So my Spanish is basically perfect.
Really enjoyed listening to #pdf11 livestream the past 2 days, since I couldn't make it in-person this year
RT : Adjourned til Thursday?! Really? Nothing to do for MN? No ability to end? Anyone home in the House?
At the Mavs game with !
Meryl is very good. Dustin Hoffman is great.
know what lady justice is, and how/why court system has grown. Multiple choice, you're screwed.
your challenge is accepted!!
Must think more about DH accessibility. It's harder than it should be to be a non-coder here.
107 capper's plays posted so far and 3 college and 1 NHL consensus so far and more to follow
boy u know u cant rap lol
At North Star Mall....
Thank you very much, and to you.
follow me please...i'm new in twitter,,,, :(
right -.- now imma get grounded like shit
Located in The Auto Collection is Jimmy Velvet & Elvis Presley’s 1977 Lincoln www.facebook.com/pages/The-Auto-Collections/115534588457016
Listening to the I Ching Gatos band practice. Currently on their song "Puro Wato Vato
yay!! in just 15 min. i will be doing the last chapter of my D&A course. :D
Do not ignore importance of continually training your people regardless of field, industry or professional. Reducing training costs more.
This is what I say in my head every minute, "Ahh! What is going on?"
My ex boyfriends >><<>><< some good some i wish i never met
Happy Easter everyone <3
- depends on what the meaning of "is" is!
One of the play date kids developed a weird rash...
There really isn't anything on tv in the middle of the day ugh i need something to do
I'm with you on that one. Track them Down and tear 'em up! xD
K.Williamson: And now will he ever be able to forgive himself and get back from it? And earn the love of a girl again? She'll love him, (c)
The only tim (besides, of course ) I want to hang out with is tim tam.
I can rap faster than Busta Rhymes...
Limping out of Vietnam... Back to Osan tomorrow AM. Seoul Marathon hopes are dashed. :(
Did you see we're having a contest? ;)
the hot party tonight is at veranda nyc!!
Hainstock in the house?
My room is spotless until... my friends enter it.
Just passed a truck with antlers on John Nolen
I would absolutely love to start packing, vaccuuming, cleaning and studying, but my roommate just set her alarm for 2 pm.
Looks good to me!
Getting a refil on my <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>s and <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A3>this weekend
To answer your question, you can serve me in many ways! ;)
Well good - my all-teal, -turquoise, -aqua decorating scheme is hot!
Dear - I think my relationship w ur wireless card has come to an end. Everytime I travel outside DFW it barely works at snail pace
Thank you to everyone BIG SHOUT OUT!! WE JUST HIT THE THOUSANDS!!!
#PLL biggest A clue was supposed to be in season 1 "Salt meets Wound"...wait what did i miss
packing my room is a pain in the ass
I wish there was more people like you in the world!
Israeli producer Sam Feuer will be talking his new movie The First Grader tonight 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
A little more than 2 hours away from tipoff. Panthers vs Noles. wish we were in a bigger conference. We could have these matchups weekly
Hahaha! An app or a game. Both interactive so I love it! I wonder if the bar is going to serve hot toddies.
am i speaking english? can anybody freaking hear me?! 'cause i feel like there's a soundproof wall holding me back, nobody listens anymore.
Getting murdered in this local art contest...down by like 20 votes...le grrr...
JUSTIN IS BOSS
Now that I am in town on election day, I think I'll go vote. I hope you all do too.
Motorcycles, Singing and Punching. Pretty sure Scott Porter just made my Hall Pass List.
"Are we dating? Are we fucking? Are we best friends? Are we something in between that?"
#quality time with my beautiful future wife
I know you're above working out and all that jazz, but want to go on a walk today? It's BEAUTIFUL
Guild Wars 2 Pre-Purchase Grants Beta, Early Access
stay amazing!
": Arredondo will not finish this game. #HesNotVeryGood" wrong again buddy
Hahaha, even just red text in a header or footer will do that to me sometimes.
Original Power Rangers >>>>> Power Rangers in Space, Ninja Power Rangers and any other type of Ranger/Power Ranger
reactive vs. predictive. can lessons learned about pagerank tell us anything about semantic search? (... perhaps)
Anyone have experience with a locked facebook page? Lost our rights. Not happy.
Ball so hard my ankle hurt "T.I" lol I love that part
U was amazing in boomerang, and the perfect Storm in X Men
dude, you played the Bills
WHY WEED IS BETTER THAN SEX - www.weed-sex.com . Thanks in advance for sharing/posting!
Sandwich sounds great
It would rain the day I wash my car. Sigh. Lol
RT : RT : A Joke is a Serious Thing Winston Churchill*
I just got this sorry :) see you tomorrow in class
2 words. Chicken. Express.
Oh look! A stream that works!
Happy Birthday!!!!!
La Dolce Vita 2night on the big screen. Happy Birthday 2 me! ;)
Finally getting to work with the talented and funny on the
“: Tonight on #Conan, and I have a civilized interview. And then one of us smashes Andy in the face."
What an amazing experience learning how.to meditate with today...
Orange Bowl Champs!
Tune into KFMB/CBS 8 this morning (Wed.9.7.11) & watch singer Lee MacDougall at 6:40am. Win tix to his concert to his show at Humphreys!
Is that a good thing? Many celebrities seem to be doing so. It seems a bit too commercial.
dude, what happened to Crazy Eddie?
Facebook Acknowledges Privacy Issue With Applications. NOT Good.
Great. So, Chris Paul catches fire late in the 4th. WTF??
I am going to marry if it's the last thing I do!!
If you need help rounding up some trusted/good resource sites, just ask!
"If you believe," #Tebow said, "then unbelievable things can sometimes be possible."
so I know it's not on a stick but the steak quesadilla is AMAZING!!! highly recommend they're by the IH tractors
Interesting. Penguin eBooks through OverDrive can only be downloaded now if you have an actual Kindle, not just the Kindle for PC app.
MUCH. The meds have been amazing!
As God's children we need to step up, be bold & tell ppl the Truth<3
Can't wait! “: Tune-in of our feed tmrw & Fri for updates from our annual conference, making ideas happen #99conf”
he a bad driver?
thanks ur the best u totally made him smile :D
This is he worst day ever just getting worse.
Lots of Police Action in Sacto today. Earlier, for some reason, cops shut down access to Florin-Perkins; Power Inn Rds off Jackson Hwy.
Ugh it's barley Thursday
...yeah baby.....do the damn thing....do it well << can't get rid of this damn headache!
Why aren't there any 24 hour pizza joints!
8/12 Friday Art in the Plaza Bobby Summers Trio 6-9pm
West point admissions brief was super long...but glad to know if i finish all the admissions paperwork, i have a 50% chance of getting in!
I agree. Would be nice if they could get together to help the homeless, or an array of other issues. $15 million help a lot
Just putting it out there.
me too
Ready for tha NBA Playoffs to start The East Coast look good this year
humm somewhere republican I'm sure misssippii
Got a new pipe
Not famous? Just show up somewhere almost naked and you will be!
Happy Birthday, Dr. Seuss!
"If opportunity doesn't knock, BUILD a door." ~MILTON BERLE Turn the knob, stick your head in, step inside & say HELLO, HERE I AM
Think local this holiday season-give us a call to order 412.621.2521- we also ship nationwide. Cheers!
There is a Star Trek joke in there somewhere. #Khan!
I love you like a fat kid loves cake
Belated thanks for the #FF mention. Hope the #CitrusParty clean up went well and you scored some leftover deliciousness :)
First Big Storm of the Season! Starting to Get Spooky, Very Very Spooky, Like the S#!% you see in the movies..
will be at the ABQ convention center OCT 14-16. artists & vendors, snag your booth now, we're gonna sell out.
Thanks Steven, I enjoy having my toys. I'm looking to add a proper sized boat next.
thanks for reading! Happy challenge!
In the last 30 years roughly 3600 Americans killed in terrorist attacks and by lightening strikes. Do we need this much Govt to protect us?
tell morgan to cheek her bump because Gillian was skiing with not mush snow!!!!!!
well we still haven't gotten off the ground after an hour of delay. Missed our lay over flight due to this
Calif. scores come back in early August
facebook stalker :|
Kevin, Cory and Jen talking about Mount Hope Cemetery- great job!
OK... It's the First weekend of Fall..... What 'cha got planned that's good...?
oh yay!!! Can't wait to see it:)
Let's go Warriors!
NO THEY R SO WIERD AND MEAN!
Went to golden corral in saint George, UT, USA. Pretty cool place with an awesome people and a good food!
Next up: Dr. Talia McCray from Dept. of Architecture
I just really want to make a movie then date someone like Fiona Apple.
Lets meet a middle and call them menta julips ;)
Pretend your naked
Yeah, they track all the changes on their site. Wish I could volunteer, but not especially experienced in that kind of Wiki.
[and sniffed glue, sharpies..] RT : People who eat those Taco Bell Doritos tacos ate paint chips when they were younger...
Still drunk from last night. And have 6 hrs of school
How can I explain the way I feel? Can't put it into words.
Time to celebrate National Personal Training Week (4/11-4/17).... Do we celebrate with cake or protein bars??? lol
I know ... it just keeps getting better. ;)
State Dept on Hazem Abu Ismail's mother: "Out of respect for family’s privacy, the Dept’s policy is not to comment on q's of citizenship"
We've been screwed on that awful call of "intent to blow the whistle" at least once a playoff the last 4 years. Huge break finally.
I just heard every avenue on ze nerf commercial! Awesome!!
Wow! I am so honored! Thank you! ~Warmly~ Patricia
Be careful hope you have a good session at the studio.
Another good question. The key to successful products will be to provide "value" that is recognized. Not price or bells.
THIS SuN 6p-8p w/guests LevertII Sexual Ultimatums...If "U" Say "YES" what "I" want is "NEXT?" call in 626 657 2149
best day of my life.
I love how the T Mobil girl went from girl next door to a badass...
I just did another night of Insanity! Worked and absolutely live your program. Training for Miss New Mexico now -7 weeks away
thanks I am glad you cashed I drive an R8 for a reason, I have the best information in the world and use it to win.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you try to stay quiet but then you realize you live by yourself.
Wrong "shoe" !
So it's really scary how many times a day and I say the same things....
I'm fine with a Jermaine win, but I'm not ok with Juliet in second.
give me a million dollars and ill tell mr. bowers to beam in....
Good evening Mr. Davison, we miss you here man...
Going to take a quick break get the offspring in bed but I will be back soon.
new regular process. start a specific piece of software, then get up to go get coffee. any guesses?
My Kindle app - no question - but I do love Key Ring
Ha! #friomusicology New levels everyday.
I fell right back into the groove...it's like I never stopped using the crutches from surgery #1! talk about an arm workout...
": My blood alcohol level is getting dangerously close to zero. Fuck Mondays." Its tuesday dude
Not sure why, but I always get sucked into the Channel 10 auction. Mindless TV.
We <3 our community! offer 15% off to any youth groups, boy & girl scouts, little league & Pop Warner teams, and ASU students with ID!
Tweet of Yesterday: "I went to a fight the other night, and a hockey game broke out!" Rodney Dangerfield
is excited for the first Tailgate Tuesday of 2010! 2/6 at Dan McGuiness Demonbreun. 6 pm. Don't be late! Details coming soon!
Wait til you see my benefits package
It's supposed to be hard. If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. The hard.. is what makes it great.
- always! What are your NYE plans?
just a few more weeks until you get another shot!
The only potato salad I like is the one made by Mom and Dad. It's the best.
Did you want to look at some houses on Sunday or meet to put together a game plan before looking at houses?
minus wade
one of my grad students is about to lecture on Reconstruction. Go get 'em Matt!
trying to stay awake for 1 more hour until lollapalooza lineup! (and hopefully a comeback by the blackhawks...)
#Truth RT If you're not 100% sure you nailed it, then you probably missed the mark.
My pleasure Keith!
tonight we are young
The REPUBLICANS WORDS alway seem to come out as "JUST KIDDING". I wonder why the BIG D can't pull the play on WORDS OFF. NLD Mom
I feel curious.
Danger and damages high in houseboat fire - Lake Powell Chronicle
I've fallen in lust w a pair of Gianvito Rossi for Altuzarra sandals in the April and I can't find them anywhere. Very sad
I would've gone with a pinch hitter here
hard to get a rhythm when you are forced to sit the entire first half.
please please please please please please please please PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Follow me!? it would make me happy :) <--- see :D
my etsy banner looks funny...like its all stretched out.
2012 make out with a boy, scored free room with ocean view.... great way to start out the year!!
I'll be right there. I need a cuddle buddy tonight. Pizza and a movie? Maybe more if you're lucky ;)
Excited to be a guest with Improv Monster at JackPie this Thursday! If you're in Atlana, come check it out!
i don't understand. If i am me, then there is no one more beautiful.
"GIS: It's Out There"
don't be afraid to swap tiles as soon as it looks bad.
#Kat #Kat #Kat Lol :) i love #Kat as your character its so u Omg and i <3the episode when u were sad when u were petsitting
Dropped off some LP's and CD's today!! RnR!
On the plus side I've had about 10 cups of coffee....if you have ever seen "Over the Hedge", I'm getting close to that point.
I hope everyone has a very safe and Happy Thanksgiving!! :)
lets do something tonight? hmu
Me and Laura think & do the exact same things . It's creepy . #Mainbitch <3
*LE FLASHES LIGHT* well here i am bitchess.
Uh priceless. We didn't get a chance to finish due to the kitchen rush
Nobody really knows how much anyone else is hurting. We could be standing next to someone who is completely broken & we'd never know it.
I am doing great. Just trying to stay out of trouble. And you?
- words attributed to the late Al Shanker, longtime AFT President
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW
#Brewers extend GM Doug Melvin's contract through 2015, and manager Ron Roenicke through 2014 w/option for 2015.
RT ": #Virgos are sometimes seen as being far too picky." Cause we are picky!!! :)
If you own a VISA, you are a victim of the largest credit card scam in history.
#itaintgoodsex if I'm doiin the work. Lol do like say WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK BITCH YU BETTR WORK.. lol W.O.R.D.
Franchise Dealers you don't have to turn another prospective client away. Protect your assets with GoldStar GPS, Guided by Spireon.
#Kodak 7219 was our go to for its natural skin-tones under mixed lighting, outstanding latitude, and beautiful texture.
With house hunters international.
Forget what hurt you in the past, but never forget what it taught you.
was off the chain 2night! Cant wait for next Thursday @ 10pm EST!!
going to SXSW? Bring your GoLocal card and save!!
Oh, and thanks to for setting this up!
Great article in the BT today! You are spot on...couldn't agree more about creating a state-leveraged capital program for WI
no plans at the moment :( he's in Cali until August -- then Australia. He really should come do a boot camp up North, eh?
2 days from now I'll be in Seattle with Nick! Yay! 17 days w/no Nick is way too long.
iphone, ipad, etc :) Amazing Christmas Hope every1 else had a merry Christmas :)
Dear spammers - your new "yousendit" emails are not fooling me - though more clever than the standard viagra emails - still lame.
PickUpLine: I'm Irish. Do you have any Irish in you? Would you like some?
Old people are a buzz kill.
3 more followers until I give away a #free #handmade bath product from my website! Help me get to 50 followers! Please RT!!
rookie of the year
"I'm sending you to rehab, for being a fucking cunt.."
Parents Snared in $100 Billion U.S. College Debt Trap Risking Retirement - better to save now for college than borrow later!
Thanks Jenny for booking me on the photo shoot yesterday. Had loads of fun. Client told me he was very happy with result. -M
Man I really wanna taste that new chip taco!! Looks good :p
no problem~
dont ask me
The best thing about having a cat is that you have a cat.
man if thats ur worst problem then u doin sum right
happy christmas :)
ok, I don't think I have. Why do you ask?
smash is losing me now. Had given up on #glee but it's gotten better recently.
Mom seyz we needz go bed now. So goo nite my furriendz. Hope Santa Paws is nice to you :) aroooooo!
haha you went so try hard to get that ball and I thought you were going to catch it too! Lmao
Two calls to describe to me a task that I finished in literally 30 seconds. I am the master of my domain.
My youngest think he too grown.
Here is a cool break down of a play from yesterdays game against the Blazers. Courtesy of "Pounding the Rock" Spurs blog - great source fo
I don't hate on bands, if you like rock/metal thats auto-tuned as much as beiber then thats fine by me, but when they're over-rated...
For a small #turtle of 4" minimum cost for caring correctly is >$250. They are long-lived in proper conditions. Poor care is unacceptable.
Hmm, how many calls to their toll-free number would it take to bankrupt them? ;-)
I don't get to go home. & it's not time for job 2 yet. so YOU go home!
what y'all talking bout?
what Shar-bear? Is this true?
Decided to goto bed early. woke up and cant fall back asleep..
Just saw #RNC chief Reince #Priebus on #MeetThePress rerun, and not sure how he defines "civil rights."
Happy Mother's day to all the mother's out there!!! Prepping for a shoot with Photography on this gorgeous day.
Thanks Steve! Happy Friday to you - hope you have a good wkd ahead!
going into a tail spin.
#cclax and #ccwlax you guys are killing me!! Let's goo!!!
will definitely give you a call, a great lunch place in LA that I frequent is LA CAFE or any cafes in LA LIVE by staples center.
Are you going to ?? come by the PunchLine booth for a chance to win free tixs!!
My He Neva Whooped My Ass But Dis Tweet Was Some RNS
$4.95/hr. for wireless. ATL must be pretty broke. I think I saw a credit card slider on the water fountain.
I totally agree. She is so jealous she can't even see straight. It's sad and pathetic.
Gay boys are the best u can have girl talks and they don't care and their really cute IDk y? But they are! #boyswho don't can be a pain!!
We've got a super diverse group of Campers region-wise! GA, AL, FL, TN, SC, NC, KY, AR, TX, ND, England, Venezuela, and more.
Well now I feel as cool as working from home since there's a tornado on the way!
Ya, I think I'm out on that one. They'll probably get me on the summer super hero block busters as always. I'm a sucker.
I thought this read NBA Hall of Fame. I kind of wish it did. “: On way to Vegas to be inducted into NAB Hall of Fame...”
if u want the link just let me know the link its so people out of the uk can listen their website dont let none uk listen
We're a news outlet...we don't buy or sell.
you know what would be cool? Someone googles: is anne trubek the most awesome or what? and I see it in my site stats. Just saying.
Now providing their opening statements
Spent the last three days installing drywall with hubby. If I never see spackle again I'll be okay with that.
What's up?
Listening to some great classical rock pieces. In love!
“: which one of you has the hiccups?” bahhahaha jordyn ??????
Did you know that I have been craving them all day?? Wow we really are best frands!!
shpescape.com will convert your shapes to fusion tables ... when it's working
she is going to be fine. she has a great support system at home and friends going there too. it's a good school.
Excited for my dudes to drop this album!
I feel the same sometimes. Feel better rachh!
M soggy taco's. Gotta love'em.......
It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere. - Agnes Repplier
Matthew Jefferies connected to varolo
well...its a new Year, got some new goals, and definetly won't B dealin' with them fake pplz/ plus I'm feelin real good 'bout
talking about Experience = Interaction which leads to adaptation Visit us at #Phorum12 today at #World Cafe Live!
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.George S. Patton
I wish I could fall asleep... -_-
hanging out in the booth for Good Day Oregon Saturday! Tune in please :)
Food Is Def Great Down South!!
Thanks for spreading the word!!!
Had a dream I was given a music video to direct, I honestly already was planning out the whole treatment. Trying to make film in my sleep!
ITS FUNNY HOW ALL YOU #OKC BANDWAGONERS COME OUT OF NO WHERE!!!
RT : When the shutter closes the world opens! - Sharon Wax
Love and Light to Amber and Paris of Thanks for your energy!!!
#100factsaboutme i used to DJ!! Still have the skills #WHOOP!
You are so sweet. Always looking out for me! xxoo
that's now how this union of souls is going to work. get in the kitchen where you belong, or get pimp slapped.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW
LPU is introducing amazing things at Synergy. And you have to be there to find out what it is!
Can someone please tell me why is not open at 440am? People are awake this early!!
Yep, I'm At My Daddy's House Feeling Like A Baby...
UGH...I hate Mondays
Work is done, It's St Patty's Time!!!
At the end of the day the only person I have to answer to is ME. Everyone else's opinions are irrelevant.
if they mention your income tonight simply tell them that the Clinton's made three times what you did last year - no one cares
The WVYD Women's Caucus is hosting a social at Madeleine's in #Morgantown on Nov. 12th at 5 pm. Email for more info!
so you're in Brooklyn I take it!
why you lookin at me like that??? ....It's like you staring off into the distance BUT IM RIGHT HERE high_imdope
I love his new California Rockish sound.
thanks for the retweets!
Thanks for sharing! Will I see you at the content strategy meetup on May 21? Content migration, woohoo!
greeny has been on this convo for 4 hours
Careless World intro >>
You probably thought someone was rocking you to sleep.
love you too dear
only if it's 4 a good reason, like a new addition :-) Feel better Mama! God bless you & Danny!
The quality of top-talent centers in the 70s and 90s isn't even close, which is why I can objectively say so.
We're pleased to announce the arrival of our freshly redesigned homepage: www.stickK.com. Let us know what you think!
I have to look out my door, across the hall, through the glass of another room to see out the window. I'm envious
I just did punk!
don't stand in line, identify~
I'm editing today too and I want to scream!!!
Happy Friday!!!!!
Game Night in the UC 219. Come out and have a fun night of games...its happening NOW!!!!
all the unissss
&#39;Rebel Recipes Lite&#39; submissions sought
Only one injury tonight at the #Blazers game after Ndamukong Suh dropped his ice cream cone.
#TellMeNicki do you prefer rapping or vocally singing??
The striper is doing the cat daddy naked
So true RT : Denying your complicity doesn't change your responsibility.
(I should have been tipped off by the boots, & the Bass Pro Shops in the background!)
Running errands and heading to grab some lunch
The guy who shot an killed trevons martin should be put on Deathrow & killed #wtf does his HOOdy have to do wit AnYthing REALLy!?
you are brilliant!
is she pretty?? Does she wear a lot of clothes like clothes that fall off her body?
I want a toasted marshmallow shake from Serendipity!
Wow have fun! (: One of these years I'll go <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
lets go bucs!
you have your next customer here. Let's make sure to talk today. Great execution.
Breaking the silence in 7:56!!!
Tomorrow is Single Awareness Day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
God is doing something with your life!!!!
Very best of luck to those playing the #EPTGrandFinal day2 in #MonteCarlo today |
What makes you say that, John?
yeah... weird.
He is carefully watching its every move and keeping as still as possible incase it attacks!
Gloria Steinem: A woman needs a man like a....(fill in the blanks)
well thank you so much for the compliment :] I'm glad I had the chance to follow you!
Presenting at the EducationUSA college fair in Kuala Lumpur. Recruiting the next generation of students!
oh snap battle for Ohio oh boy HUGE WIN
RT #InSecondarySchool it was ok to damage ur exercise books so they would fit in your 'just do it' bag.
I might have to try that...
Hi Claiborne! So sorry you experienced technical difficulties on Friday...please let us know if you're still exp. freezing.
We've got 3 killer DJs rockin' the strip nightly for you in !! & & !
They dnt know about ur stressed out day that's why u sip the tanguray.
RT : - Is it safe to say Portland doesn't care about the Beavers?
Boxing Day treat now on draft - a cask of Three Floyds Zombie Dust!
every time I see Cindy Lauper in any media I think of him. She's lucky to have such a big fan.
Apparently, the adjunct schedules were assigned 2 weeks ago. One of us was not offered courses for the first time in 19 semesters.
It's another rambling 'n' radical radio show with our MASTER CREEP Alice Cooper and all sorts of 4:20 refer-ences...NWAC @ 7p on 101.5.
thanks to I bought my first comic in about a decade yesterday, X-0 Manowar, on #freecomicbookday, will be back for more
i cant help it..i love to fukk
hell, I'd love to relocate. Just have to sell this house first, and THAT is going to be difficult
I so hate u right now
Daily GTKY question: If you could paint a picture of any scenery you’ve seen before, what would you paint?
Admin on Aging Sec.Greenlee says agency is looking at Senate manager's amendment for possible changes to CLASS program, regs out in fall
#dtl2011 What's the benefit of tweeting links rather than providing the link in the LMS?
God damn, is this Game of Thrones or The Walking Dead. All kinds of arms and entrails flying around.
Yes, perpetual v. Subscription those were the words I searched for.
I'm looking for a discount for Where might one find such a thing?
When you're mad at someone you love, be careful what you say because your mind gets angry but your heart still cares.
I just knew it! He's also kind, sweet and humble. He talks just like he writes and tells great stories! I could listen to him for days...
I KNOW LOL #BCG ": yes... I know u will... charlotte need a comeback from kendra lame ass"
Castells - learning together will pave the way for theorizing together
2 tms get swept, one loses each gm by 25+ pts, the other by 3 or less each gm, Idc what the W/L column says, I view the outcomes differently
has anybody seen or heard of Mr. Henry Owens lately.haven't heard anything since 2008 when was suspended.
At one Starbucks in SF, my nickname was Soy Chai Guy. Who me, predictable?
News Corporation and the Chamber are trying to redefine worker mobilization as a "union trick."
i think I just blew out the mothership
make rt go get some haha or ill make stefon bring some. I work at 8 anyways
Maybe will bring me a Chorizo at ? :)
Stretched in my chair and cracked heads with the guy behind me. Sorry Fran xDD
I'm to exhausted.
those dang Lab's, they think they are so cute because they have a long nose....snort
Casting: what we do & what we try to do, to get films cast. from:
Great beginnings are not as important as the way one finishes. -Dr. James Dobson
"These products leave my hair shiny and manageable, and they are ideal for the harsh Southwestern climate..."
watch out for whales !!
really? Why? Ha
Why is it that stupid people think they are smart and want the whole world to know it?
#come up with ur own tweets my god how hard is u dont have 2 copy som1elsles my god im almost 28,000 tweets
Walmart is so quiet & empty in the morning <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I guess. Now how can I man up around him?
I love da fact of knowing God blessed meh wit another day ya heard meh
That i do.
It is the (bipartisan) policy of the House to make bulk access to leg data, says
Am I bringing my Chris Brown tshirt to Bulgaria? You betcha.
We hope to see everyone tonight at meetings in Cavanaugh 003 @ 4:30pm....SEE YA THERE
cheers to #houarts!
DID YOU KNOW!? "According to SMURF legend, a baby SMURF is born "Once in a Blue Moon"." YOU'RE WELCOME!!
TweetDeck of Selective Twitter? Which one do you like the best, and why?
So unreal! This is not supposed to happen in Mass
from all the tweets, it seems that the session on Imperiled Promise was amazing. Hope someone does a write up!
if I believed that was all he was trying to do. Living here with him, view a little different.
what is klout
Keep It Rollin
Ugh my laptop is so slow today
someone beefed in the van, now i am down to 4 senses
These are the kind of days I'd like to just get on a horse and spend the entire day outside
Thanks fir the follow Fridays guies. :) I will be on after school to return them. Xx
What doesnt kill us makes us stronger
As soon as Wesley Snipes comes back from underground he will have something to say bout that.
Thanks for the reply!
Thank You for following me! Just mention me and I'll #FollUBack ..
curling up with mashed potatoes and sookie ;)
Wait, you mean it's not the Non Anglo Tickling Organization?
I was so excited that my new showed up yesterday! Who else go theirs?
marathon finished! Galleries, a museum, and the canyon....whew!
we're competing wed & thurs. Performing Fri & sat nights at wildhorse.
Oh shit... Nvm its a drug bust lol there were cops on searchin the grass wit lights
You should praise God just because you can. You do not have a gun to your head so do so just because you can!
Totally feeding my #instagram addiction right now. So maaannnyyy cool pictures out in the world
o i guess u dont want those chicken nuggets.
Accept that when she is screaming loudly, its when she is hungry, upset or tired. Not because of you.
i made a personal.(:
I can handle life being like a roller coaster, just not the roller coaster in my dreams where the track ends over some large body of water.
#ThingsBetterThanTheCarterIV AINT NO ONE FINNA BUY IT, ITS BEEN FREE SINCE LAST WEEK LOL
I recommend a lot of R. Kelly.
Old school jackets on FSOhio right now! Currently in 2nd period. Vote Tugnutt!
where's the lockout anthem?
Raymond Maddox - David is the conservative voice with the experience to make a real difference in Washington.
TIME BE UP __ LOOKS LIKE JAMES WINS BEST SMILE WITH A TOTAL OF 10 +1 INCLUDING ME n_n i <U+2665> your smile n_n ..elevate. :3 <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
This mythology project <
My mother made me step on crackheads to clear up her blackheads.
Rickyy !! haven't gotten a tweet from you in 9 days :/, fix that ? <3
sorry I let you fellas down.
ugh Jessica Sanchez still last on dialidol but she still can pull it off if all her fans vote 2 hours and west coast votes big time for her
You just made my day. I'm gonna be watching it all night now
:( u noway! Ur closer!!! :P Ur lucky im sharing my oreos with you!! ;)
#Thewantedfollowme :D please follow!!!
U can close ya eyes to things you don't wanna see, but u can't close ya heart to things you don't wanna feel.
much appreciated sir
like where
omg I'm getting so much joy from watching people make complete fools of themselves.
thanks man
awwh I'm super jealous of everyone that's going to the Dallas show tonight. Until next time... Dallas better bring it (;
I would love to use your site today, is it going to be back up and running any time soon?
it's really good???
Teaching and Learning Academy rocks!
So completely over it. MT "You don’t achieve a larger truth by changing statistics." Are u over it already? Gutkind on D'Agata
Romans? Trojans? Warriors? Which teams are playing in the #SuperBowl again and how does this relate? #Madonna is confusing me already...
JC, please... you never back down from a challenge. c u at 8, don't be late.
Lord forgive me for my sins!!!!
My brother is a funny guy!!!!
If you ain't runnin with it , run from it muthafucka
#ConfessionTime I've got a secret....its Victoria's
When an iPhone dies and when you go to charge it, it takes too long to turn back on! i've been waiting for like an hour now....
I didn't even know state happened! I'm not on the exec board anymore!
Music becomes my best friend when nobody else understands me.
Is it safe to say the Chargers kicker pissed this one away?
Carl Bass at #ideaseconomy: infinite computing most powerful force, changing so many industries. Economics of production changing -
hello *twirls fingers*
#infoneeds 'what does true access mean in a world of private webs ie. FB , Pinterest etc? If a tweet falls..." Thank u.
how nobody knows the different meanings of (: & (; #LOL .
Im BACK!!!! Twitter-less FoR 2 MONTHS!!!
walked 30 blocks for a job interview this morning, and now walking 30 blocks more to check out a location for this weekend
what to do today?
Why your girl think I jus wanna follow her lol
101BC #Roman general Marius at Vercelli in northern Italy defeat the Cimbrians who prefer death over #slavery & commit mass suicide
Where's the place to go in Chicago after the NCAA Tournament games?
Makin Tracks at for #Effortless!!
I am downstairs out back.
You thought wrong..
I can't think straight with all these clothes on..
The third grader in me chortles every time I hear the phrase "underwear bomb."
But you destroyed her..if she was in front of u and heard what us said she would self destruct in shame...
Wish I could be there. Working on a few posts for the blog. If there're any future events please let me know! Thanks!
Are you using the #KYF2 Compass as a tool to engage? If so, how?
Thanks for the RT!
No ones hair should ever be slicked this tight
Andrew Cashner versus Bryce Harper is fantastic drama! Cashner is throwing 100 MPH!
whats going on with marion stern?
- that's awesome! Keep me posted on how it goes.
CEO Erica Boeke and writer Laura Silvius are learning the tricks of the trade from sports producers at the AWSM conference in Philly.
Rep. Bergel continues to support FLES as a proud LOCO native, resident, parent, and board member.
Last day
Aight... Nobody cares...
I have a gold metal in the extreme sport of eating naan and lentils in the car without spilling.
did obama say it with the hashtag, or was that your editorial discretion?
not yet, will check it out! :)
I don't have a bank account because I don't know my mother's maiden name.
AWESOME JOB That was the BEST so far that ive heard tonight!!! That was just BEAUTIFUL!!!!! :-)
ohmygoodness. Cher is playing at my school right now...I think you know where I'm going with this...hahaha!!!
It's snowing in Albuquerque! Is you home drafty and cold? For window & door replacement in ABQ by Pella employees-Call Jeff (505) 362-0529.
Thanks! We'll have you over for dinner when you're in town.
we'll be there tomorrow :)
Looking forward to being in Montreal - wish I had made it up home earlier to see winter, which I missed here.
It is never too old to shop their!
That used to be my ring tone. Runnin' the ball...
LOL I see where you're coming from ;)
Uh oh, Alex gave the answer!
All the women in the fam are tipsy as shit while dad grills the steaks
The Young CPAs club is having a joint mixer with the Young Lawyers. If the Young Engineers show up, I'm going dowstairs to play Poker.
alright abel. have fun with that.
Being on quarantine sucks! Especially since noone is talking to me and #oomf won't text or call me back #NoOneLovesMe :(
Deleted all #junk mail and responded to urgent emails. Determined not to #stress about my new routine for the next 10 weeks.
GERMS will be sending personnel to provide the DC Department of Health with medical support tonight as we continue to deal with heat wave
Hint: If you send me an email that I start to scroll through in Starbucks drive thru & I never hit bottom, 100% sure I will never read it.
We're the one stop Mac
Came home to hubby cooking bacon
Interesting I need to see it! Do you know the name of the film? And was it Sony Pictures Classics or the main studio?
if you like ICONic Boys and one direction go Follow:)
I need some followers !! Anyone help me out here?
I Hate Mondays after working the weekend!
atleast he can read the English language in order to fill out a bracket
Are you more excited about the #superbowl or the #commercials?
kentucky and kansas are my winners tonight, watch out for big performances from Davis of UK and Taylor of KU
It's sad when you love each other, but the circumstances just won't let you be together.
Kareem has a joke for all occasions -- ask him!
Grassy Narrows First Nation believes housing is cornerstone to independence - Lake of the Woods Enterprise
Balls so hard... muthafuckas think I have testicular cancer.
When I was on the train last weekend, it once smelled like pot and everyone looked at eachother and started laughing. It was perfect
- - I woke up today and decided that I think I'm going to try to stop drinking. Thoughts?
Finished session success
The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living
just saying...
new website giffordkasen.com
10 Reflection + Evaluation
RT Another reason to #travel! “Without new experiences, something inside of us sleeps. The sleeper must awaken”
RT Happy Taco Day, indeed! Hot sauce for everyone! Happy Taco Day my drinky friends!
ON MA SHYYYYYYTTTT!!!
Some people know infinitely more about college football players than I know about ... anything.
. She rocks! Did you make it out to the #edtechsea meetup last night? organized... Wish I could have been there
hope you recorded Cal and play it after the break.
Little Man is moving like molasses today.......God grant me patience....on the upside he did get dressed on his own.
- Do you ever think #JeffFrancoeur will go back to Calgary?
yum....any chance your #BarrieDog is #soyfree? *fingers crossed*
Congrats to Fran Gordon on her LVA gig. 1 out of 40,000! Looking forward!
hahaha no not at al
everyone needs a Taurus in their life
OMG!!! The Avengers killed it. Best superhero movie yet!!!
Cheaper faster better buy clothes take a vacation save money now delicious one pan dinner in no time advice you can really follow.
Askin all dem question part 3: college edition:)
I am craving a pretzel. A big, warm, chewy pretzel. With cheese sauce.
WHORE film is what i think you meant. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
So glad I started following Dude is seriously funny and relevant at the same time. Thanks for the
Thanks for the synonyms, , , , , Very helpful! (and funny!)
thanks Arco. Been trying to play all day.
man u have been my favorite woman mma fighter 4 a while what u did 2nite was incredible u showed HEART, DETERMINATION, & SKILL!
i love you! i miss you! are you still sunning it in dubs? updates please #NoFaceTimeForMonths xx
WISH is giving away two tickets to the Steelers-Ravens game Tomorrow Morning with Ron, Sara & Hank. Listen to win!!!
Lol ur all gonna get me in trouble w/my hubby hehe ;) Good luck to the Eagles & to RGIII! RT : RGIII Think u & Desi would b gr8!..
Just did a big #unfollow spree. Far too many inactive users.
This is a big series for the Indians to show if we are really a contender this season!
Once all the Vincent Price was gone, I didn't care.... although I miss all the Power Rangers.
RT : My last tweet makes me smile, cause i love his bio @#$%^&
Do you ever think that the lack of evidence for Jesus' existence is because he hasn't lived on this planet for 2,000 years?
QB Stephen Morris in for the TD on a nicely designed QB Sweep. Canes back up after halftime. UM 21, Maryland 20
Returned to the set of "Fans" today. Knocked out a couple more scenes. Just a few more left. Then the patient post-production wait begins...
starting today my only goal is to get my senior year body back
Looking at things like an outsider gives you a chance to challenge the status quo-not how most #AAPI are raised but challenge yourself
Study Session Playlist (cont.): Iggy Pop, Passenger -- Motorhead, In the Black -- Gaslight Anthem, American Slang --
Working on our new website!
Poker is the Devil's game.
its ok to b a little crazy sometimes especially if its over ADAM LAMBERT! im definitely a die hard fan!
At the #EducationUSA East Asia and Pacific Triennial Conference in Kuala Lumpur. Looking forward to a great conference!
RT : you guys should bring to the round up sometime soon :)
It is one of THEE best days San Diego, CA has seen in a while -
For us it's death, taxes and construction in Cincinnati, OH.
Barry Zito pitched a gem today with a 7-0 complete game shutout win over the #Rockies. get their first victory.
U joining Joe Champion at in Jax Monday? Free steaks!!!
#RoyalWedding on BBC America, CNN, ABC, NBC, so mom....switching between them isn't going to make a difference...
Getting ready to see NKOTBSB in DC! Woo! :)
There are plenty of legitimate reasons to give up or feel the victim.
Thanks so much, we could be happier about the nomination
well we all wondered which place you were at. You ok??
I love to hear you talk :-)
killer Facebook app for home energy mgmt and competition... Coming soon. Via panel @
I bet Kobe knows who Jeremy Lin is now.
yea sorry we both fell asleep waiting for 9:30 lol hell to get old
pleeaassee follow me :D i <3 you guys x]
Nap time in fifth hour? I think so :)
is it wrong for a #WisconsinCheeseAmbassador to root for the Saints? WHERE DO YOUR LOYALTIES LIE?!?
Pacers game is getting is a little #cray!
...thanks for following !
Please Pray for my friends & my family, we're all going through a lot, right now! Thanks!
Many thanks to who gave an awesome keynote 2day + lots of love for the crowd @ #webwise even though he just arrived from Cali
My mom just picked me up early from school
most welcome, my friend. You should do more video work ... and also cook me some ginger scallion noodles. ;)
Find me on myspace.com/ssavina
It is so friggin gorgeous outside!
if i can get one!
Get ready for the right brain! Here comes Domenica.
orange county, ca with a small road trip to san Diego... Then Dallas, then Seattle. Oy vey!
Sweet Tweets = The flow of positive social connects and showing much gratitude to those that follow.
hahaha! My cat is a super butthead. Her cuteness saves her. My dog is super needy, he needs loving all the time.
Only a former Metromixer would understand haha
you got your belly button pierced? :o
#Manchester re Churchill: "a conservative in the purest sense-a defender of freedom, justice, and the great achievements of the past"
Thanks for the link to your blog. I will be following you to catch ANY tips. Brand new here!
I am competing for the worlds most interesting man n I'd say I'm n the running for it.
Im read for school to end ! 17 more days !
killin it @ market square!
birthday yoga coming up!
a unique training opportunity led by world renowned #filmmaker & expert on #diversity: Mr. #Lee_Mun_Wah Tuesday January 11, 2011 @
I wish...my eyes won't stay shut lol
Newt has perfected double speak. RT : well thats Newt-hypocracy at its best!
We're looking for two musically inclined people to help judge our karaoke contest. Let us know if interested!
Undertaker knows how to make an entrance
Lol see you tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
yeah ;d
Hii how are you :)?
Happy Halloween Zombies
Colts should draft Sanu in the fourth if he's left
Runners! Kickit up to 4 mi this week. Same time, Same spot- Bike path @ Shutters Hotel, Santa Monica, Sun,7am). Be there!
is the ready lane open 24 hours??
Did you find someone to mow your lawn shirtless?
Coolness. You're welcome!
what are you going to school for? Do you like being a payroll administrator?
I think the longest line I've seen at LAS today was at Starbucks.
Happy Thanksgiving to all of you from all of us at Rocktagon MMA / CageStars.
All of this nba, nfl, & nhl is just filler until MLB starts again!
That points out my biggest beef with some forms of faith which demonize questioning and doubt. (Raised Mormon; they do that.)
Ridiculous to judge success of events based on secondary ticket market. If so, we would play the Super Bowl at a high school field
Yes! An under-the-bed party in Destry's zomgorgeous house!
Rockin Power Yoga (levels 2-3) with Paula Walker today, she's going to make you sweat! 12-1:30pm today on Miami Beach
playing fire red on my gameboy omg i love it <3
The pink slime controversy has definitely affected my food choices
Digging #SMASH's Bollywood scene. Nice to get to see Raza Jeffrey rock it out.
thanks for the mention in the daily!
FML RT : Jay Cutler has broken his thumb on his throwing hand, a source tells me.
Special exhibition "Robert Moses on Long Island 1925-1975" exhibit opens tmrw! Explore the master builder & his work
im tired but i cant sleep =/
Where R U going 4 ?
What an awesome start to our competition season!!! I am so proud!!! Way to rock it dancers!!!
Guys I need help, I'm addicted to Social Apps... So I want to apologize before I over stream on ALL sites.
Self-doubt comes from the perspective "I'm not good enough". Self-evaluation and reflection is the perspective "am I everything I can be"?
sleep #offline GNIGHT MY LOVELIES AND MAY YOUR DREAMS BE FILLED WITH SMILES AND RAINBOWS okbye
my jam to gurrrrl. da boys be flocking us like bees on honey!!!!1!11!!!!
You have the most beautiful teeth I have ever seen!
it looked like freddy kruegers face but a dick
What are you doing in 2012? Tell me. I'm begging!
Congrats for getting her license <3 I have a job interview for the same place they just haveto interview me for paper work
Testing for my red belt today! Then off to work at Hibbetts. Maybe tomorrow I'll have time to make boomerangs =)
CORRECTION: I have to stalk. Lol & obviously isn't THAT busy.!
just did an amazing show at
This day is going by way too slow...
Did I really just catch the last 5 mins of #Glitter?!? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
the fact that i have to wait a day to watch jersey shore
I hope so (but yet I don't). Conan is replaying. I wonder if there will be new people watching this time around
had a blast last Saturday at the BET Women's Health Symposium at E.C.C. here in Newark. Great to see so many women health conscious
If was to meet and collab with GD&TOP(), then she can definitely meet with no problem. Just a thought
Brady Got the Ball at there own 35. and Green-Ellis rushes and Losses 1 yard.
the timeless battle of brother vs. sister. It's epic. Still being fought to this day.
If you don't sing along with Lee Greenwood, you should be deported
cool! When are you going to be in town?
need to make those AIM accounts for econ tomorrow.. ill work on the screennames
I considered starting an archery summer camp program. I think it would fill up in a day.
Good to know the Jason mask stays put at this children's party!
Congrats to the ! I always bled blue and will continue to! We had this all along! Congrats to the entire team!
That is...I mean, it's Twitter. Where we tweet. What else are we supposed to do on here?!
Christine, I'm tired. Never dreamed I'd redo 5th grade at 47.
do the prices run by what you get on it?
: Can you organize a #generalstrike like a #flashmob ? Just social media and in 5 days? #ows #oaklandstrike find out Nov. 2
hey Jeydon, have you seen my bio? We're actually family! Ö
It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not.
Come on #BBN get behind those #UKWildcats for a win!
Bank of America invests millions of dollars and volunteer hours to improve ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Solid work. Whenever we mention the show we pronounce it "Reven-eight-e" out of respect to the numeral worshiping creators.
Watching Jerry Mcguire:)
Brown bag it.
The Natalie version?
... Big Sean was right she is a G! #LikeABoss :)
love that room. Great times
Congrats once again to on getting drafted by the #Falcons. Thanks for making a few minutes on a special day for you & your family!
Me too i never try anything new :( RT : I'm saying I order chicken tenders damn near everywhere I go..
Thats why their bankrupt, their management of money of fucking atrocious
RT : I screw everything up. Fuck my life.
We're gonna be doing one thing, and one thing only... Killin nazis.
I join any line I see if it's long enough
Sunday evening reference shift. Working on HLC Self Study tasks. I'm chairing the logistics and communication work group.
"DiGiorno Pizza Dipping Sticks" are a thing.
call me back
#ocwcglobal Question at MIT 10 yrs ago: how would people use classroom time when/if all content was put up on the web?
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf if i use drugs.
Dayum. Just dayum. RT : watching the bachelorette and drinking wine? You lose your Penis in a barroom brawl?
Sorry about that! I just made the Israeli film Google Doc (mention two tweets ago) public on the web. It was on private
Lately, I've been acting like idgaf about you. But I really do. I don't know wtf is wrong w/ me.
SHOW TONIGHT!!!!
Freddie Adu is still playing soccer?
#superspiritual yOu make ya baby pray before you breast feed lol
going to be a good one!
I'm always getting compliments from random cute guys/girls on the train.
Craving salad dressing....secret....
I suppose.
Happy chocolate day! RT if you love chocolate!
will have to post tshirt hats soon :) plus candy cane hat i finished that was custom ordered and two more xmas hats to make.
Well I'm doing it for fun forget about the time. ;) thanks man for the tips.
true dat RT : I do love this business. I'm not even sure I know what this business is. But I love it.
Can't wait!
def waiting to hear what you did
Thank you for joining us! Lets us know what you order.
thank you, yeah son, some sun!
Extraordinary Swag & A Mouth Full of Gold <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I wish I could just get inside ur mind and see what ur thinking bout, then again u probs don't have much up there if your starting this shit
is busy updating MyHandJobs.com
I'll even prop them up in the front seat if it saves me from fighting traffic. I miss you too. We have to visit, soon!
baby, I do everything... or don't you know that by now!!!
Aww. I like to here that :) : Words cannot even describe how much I love my mom
Dear Jerk that invented lol, that for creating meaningless answers to long questions sincerely, we're coming after you
Daddy Yankee was tight when he was younger his song Lo que pasó
Check my resume boo
You already have that power and you create a lot of value my friend!
Work takes over my life.
Anyone knows when my Celtics play?
huh?? Is that a good thing?
Entries that might not make the cut today: Phranc, Enigma, Consolidated, Lenny Kravitz, Bananarama (Bananarama?).
Beats: in the top five purchases I've ever made.
Shout outs to
I'm gonna start working out more!!! What's everyone else resolutions?
i feel u on that im bout to have to get the 100 pack for the crib
Im a real lucky girl ^_^
How made me believe was actually from Haiti lmao .
If you're not at Ikea, you're not doing it right!!
RT : Vizcayne residents get 10% off on Saturdays if you bring in a cork. They are being collected for local...
It's a PERFECT colorado day - clear skies, amazing mountain views. I freakin' LOVE living here!
Dave matthew while studying <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> gotta get thru 6 tonight then it's dia week<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
OMG made me cry on I think this is my new Monday show
Hey bro I want one too! Those are awesome just before bed :-)
said by someone who was stressing about his grades not that long ago...if i am correct.
I'd love that man. Sound check is usually kids early do hopefully I'll have time pre show to feast with you. Hit you soon!
Havent tweeted in so long! Been so busy! How is everyone? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
that's because is not playing in a major
we're closed tomorrow for Veteran's day. Come visit us on Saturday!
Make sure its a Filet mignon....Texas Roadhouse. Baby!!!
Risk is one of my all time favorite games too! Nothing like spending a day doing world domination! haha
In feature films the director is God; in documentary films God is the director. —Alfred Hitchcock
Well, don't be jealous of me being indebted to a dealership/my parents for five years.
McSteamy isn't as hot as he once was. I think he may be too thin now.
sensing a bit of a bias against the Aires... that was a ridiculous performance. unlike Afro Blu, they can PERFORM.
THAT'S ALL!!! YOU NEVER KNOW. THAT SHIT HAPPENS ALOT ON PLANES
Follow me back ya
I'm jealous!
Have you tried our beta site yet? If so, tell us what you think!
Um...AWESOME!!!!! (we will be changing around our blog soon so it will accept comments)
Jonatics Are True Fans
yeah! sorry phone is pretty much dead cuz my charger is still at so nams... hot tub sounds so great rite now!
I stopped smoking wit haters in 03'.....
Always wondered who #DarrylStrawberry or #TooTall Jones would start in their fantasy football league? Find out today!
Both Sawmill and Kenny Rd. Borders are closing. WaldenBooks at (I think) Tuttle stays open. Crappiest one.
Had a great night...hubby bbq'd for sum friends and it was awesome...now just enjoying a peaceful sunday with ma kids
#AmWriting and repeating, "First drafts are always bad. First drafts are always bad." Not sure I believe it yet...
MRNG PEOPLE, SO THE TODAY SHOW, IS CELEBRATING X-MAS W/JUSTIN BEIBER SINGING X-MAS TUNES. WHAT HAPPENED 2 THANKSGIVING????
Please!! We're swamped, Walters is crushing it! RT : need me back?
Alfonso "El Bruté" Williams is the Ebolic Inception and you can check him out on mobile. text getebolicinception to 88704.
It's never too late to begin.
where are you?
Those are tough days. I end up standing a lot because I can't stay in my seat that long.
Thinking about dining with us tonight? Call for a reservation to guarantee a table. 414.225.0000
Big props for #Tebow. I love it when you're successful when everyone says U can't do something. Faith & Dedication make the difference
bob dylan songs - "saw a shooting star tonight"...& it reminded me of you..."when traveling i hum this song & think of my granddaughter.
Today we will be working with and on a 60's housewives photo shoot!
you told us to like 43u295094 times .. lol . subbed her ...
All about taco Tuesday at El Torito
Woah #SmallFryArmy ! I haven't tweets you guys in such a long time! Let's talk now :) xoxo
RT : chris probably in tears of joy because the heat lost. lmfaoo
Ahh I really wanted to do an Indy trip but I'll be in St Louis in June instead! Im obvs counting on R&J coming & YOU SHOULD TOO!
In pictures: The Beetle, from 1935 to 2012
You mean Republicans aren't concerned about the actual vote count & are doing what they want anyway?!?!
Well done, Cristie! It is a ghost light! More trivia coming in the future -- stay on the lookout!
I hate when my alarm doesn't go off and I miss my buss
on what? This? I prob won't have credit to go on twitter! My ipods broken so I have to use my phone :'(
Wish we were there, but we need clear eyes full hearts for the patrons. ,how about Piano Man for all us #saturdaylibrarians?
Looks like an awesome one! I just made cookie dough ice cream this past weekend. Delish!
absolutely; in frequent but with specific point in mind
If that's not a sign they're tired (and Sessions is a bust...), I don't know what is.
Need a book for the weekend? Try Devil in the White City. meets on 9/27 and 10/1.
Thanks for the support everyone! one day one way!
how long is it gonna take damn
What a gorgeous day! Days like this remind me why I dread the 8-5 jobs.
Proyects check list: 1. Epoxy floor coating on a garage...Check 2. Demo clean up...check
“: QUICK HITS: Missouri 41, North Carolina 24 Tigers score on first 5 possessions and never look back” welcome to the sec mizzou!
Dance Moms Miami soon<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Why is it always the school nights when you cant sleep
With a single donation of $2700, the legal/application process to achieve 501c3 status has been funded. More good news to come. Pls RT
i am not convinced, matthew.
not sure if i could've told you that, but i could certainly reaffirm that assumption now
Your welcome :)
Agree sir!
Twitter sucks the battery out of my phone. Or I guess I suck the battery out of my phone while I'm on twitter. :(
Got a fail button for me phone. I'm very entertained.
#GIRLSnight are so night. It's #WOMENSnight now!
Now more than ever, Florida needs legislators who will take a stand and offer new solutions to our persistent problems.
am i ever gonna reach 2,000 followers
I do believe our wonderful President will beat the GOP at their own game & they won't know what hit them. I sure hope so!
Plan your pregnancy, expert tells mums
"If you're building a business based around today's technologies, you're already behind."
so we could date. why else?
Im gonna have a beach body! Haha #oneday and thanks I will have to go look for that polish!
Thanks for the re-Tweet!
How about some water?
They are de-planing us due to SFO being fogged in... Latest update is that they will hopefully let us take off in 2 hours... SONOFA...
Tha cold part is that girl go to grant an all y'all no her sadly
It's hard to write for women.
Our best play -- the punt! Cal muffs it and Horns pick it up inside the Cal 20. Cue the fight song.
All Beliebers Please follow me I donate 10cents to Pencils of promise please follow me and help make change 2011!!
Found out today how much my dog Rufus loved his feet washed w/one of my Bountiful bars He just laid there, he almost fell asleep! Go Figure
The Grocery Gap reviews 130 studies on access barriers to healthy food. Relationship to health. PolicyLink. New: study in Philly.
mine would b n Klingon
Congrats to friend on her move to #WCBS. Big time! Saw it was official. Super excited for you!
looks like
Republicans... find some compassion. Not anti-immigration but pro legal immigration. Not big business but jobs.
finna just watch a movie til its time to go to work in the am
I'm mad Nita and Tae caught that sap tweet so fast! Lol! Damn! I can't miss someone?, lmfao
Thought you might like this RT Today we're kicking off a 31-day challenge. Capture what inspires...
I LOVE YALL!!!
when i 1st heard walk away i played that song ova & ovaa again! thats thaa song ima sing when i audition for xfactor <U+30C4><U+266C><U+2669><U+266A>
cool. And you put them in the post, clearly.
Probably cause in my Gotye fantasy he picks me out of the crowd at his concert(...
Counting down, 9 days
So is in LA hanging out with .. hey harry, you should tag along to Portland tonight for Eds show.. just a thought.
Oh yeah #Rangers yeah
I love how many people who have never been to New Jersey absolutely hate New Jersey.
Just cuz they say on Feaux News doesn't mean ..... Do the research! Fox News Experts', is definitely an oxymoron! DO YOUR RESEARCH!
I like! Does that make me a redneck or white collar? Hm...
Well hello there Spring!! What a perfect weekend ahead for a hike!! Come join us in Boulder this Saturday...alumni.outwardbound.org
#Virgo the country MB will take you to: Paris
yours has my The Beard's attention ;)
Oh not at all! We had a misunderstanding?
Me and kay kp sniffing... Im fina work this out now i cnt stand wen we sick esp at the same time...
Missoni for Target is the new Tickle Me Elmo. Feverish consumerism fueled by clever marketing, but still kinda lame. At least Elmo giggles.
Im Try 2 Get My First Tattoo Dis Summer.,! Im Be A Big Gurl...
He had to move up to Nor Cal because of financial reasons.
OMG They are annoying!! ": I hate those fckin pigs in those damn commercials."
Learn how to make healthy snacks for your Super Bowl Party at the Centre Branch on January 31st at 6:30pm. Register online or call 251-3700.
Don't share your needles with !! you'l get the (clap clap) or the butt flu.. maybe a (cough cough) or an ah-choo!
RIP Donna Summer. Last Dance, indeed. =(
Kind of amusing to be remoting into work through my TV.
Introduced someone earlier this week to the word #bailiwick. Since then, heard two other people use it in very distinct situations.
Beautiful dbl play
I kind of prefer her too. Although I'm hoping Hilty's petulance is acting.
I think we dream so we don't have to be apart so long
"Save it for a date or something." Bday dinner locale was to be my choice, but Bachelor Farmer menu didn't appeal to my nonadventurous dad.
Predator + Prey = Rattlesnake + Rabbit = Delicious
Transformed into a human
i just missed pokemon
if expertise is authentic... I agree but a lot of learners think anything on google=truth, concern
Really wanna dance like a skank to ... But I think I'll study some definitions Instead.
Experiences are the economic offering in highest demand
ohmygosh thats the cutest thing ever. Stop making me blush amara n_n. I don't deserve such an great friend like u
Bout to get me a new phone yea!!!!!!!
This is my last month of school for this semister!!!!
PEACE WORLD!! THE WEAPONS LOCKER ASSEMBLING PROTOTYPES AS WE SPEAK!!! BUT YA'LL AIN'T READY THOUGH...
#2012c19 rhetorical beauty in motion: mr Pete Coviello
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! You'll be able to fit into chairs!
- I completely understand. Just wanted to hear your words. Cheers, mate.
I just saw the ultimate multi-tasker, a Dad was sitting in the rain working on his laptop while watching his kid's soccer camp!
In time, grasshopper.
i remember when i could handle my own situations
We went in there, did our thing, then Obama turned to Pakistan and said "WHAT" "I WISH U WOULD". That's gangsta! USA!
“: I just want to spend the entire day at the pool. Is that so much to ask?!?”>>>AMEN!
Good luck :)!
great to see you! congrats on graduating from your MBA prgm at Cornell! woot woot!! enjoy China & keep in touch!
Just got word that tonight is officially my last night at my second job. I have FRIDAY off!
Finally finished "The Hunger Games" series. I liked it! :)
Follow ----> for dms to the real roc royal and ray ray (:
AT THE SAME DAMN TIME
pshhh, you know me, future dr phil guest: good girl gone bad
ok final answer Chuck Pagano
Nigga damn. I missed my babies :( </3
Im on the pursuit of happiness #kidcudi #happyholidays :)
ever find your phone?
Ignorance of the Scriptures is ignorance of Christ. St. Jerome
I like when Justin has his
Wish I tweeted more. All 138 of you are wasting your time.
you're a coward.
I'm pretty sure your photo is featured on as the fan photo of the day!
howdy stranger....
I wore my first hickey like a purple heart.
Thanks. I forgot about artsconnected.org.
You sow, you wait for good or bad weather, you harvest, but working is something you always need to do
What doesn't kill us makes us stronger? haha I think snakehead fish needs a new PR manager. Some rebranding might do wonders.
Recording for next week's broadcast, cool #innovation in the tickets space
it's frustrating I actually went to bed at a decent time my eyes just won't stay shut <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
...stand in the place where you live, now face north, think about direction, wonder why you haven't before......
Hoping everyone is having a great St. Patrick's Day!
Lofting weights and swinging kettlebells like its my job! Oh wait...it is my job! I love my job!
Top of the morning. <U+2600>
watching 's video on replay!! so amazingg <3
Great to meet you and so happy to have you as a new member! See you at the next event!
Ah..my bad.
Pumas are the comfiest shoes ever.
The past two hours have been perfect bliss.
Charles Barkley is the John Madden of basketball... well, intelligence wise.
Give me your heart, I promise I won't break it <3
I just signed up and looking for friends on twitter
I have something funny/weird to tell Jalen lol
lolol I know
the fairly odd parents<3
If we did, the species might die off. Next up, nostril cleaning!
hmu when yall get out of school
"Never wrestle with a pig. If you do, you'll both get filthy. But the difference is, the pig will love it!!!"
What if cats began to take over the world?
hey I like your blog. First time here for a long time but that was the first link I clicked on. :-)
Starbucks > school .. 2:48 couldn't come any sooner.
Awesome! clears his PhD proposal milestone with flying colors, contributing solutions to improve NW graph legibility.
Only a half hour until an all new #PLL! Can't wait!
Lunchtime Latina Leaders! If you haven't seen trailer "In Search of the American Dream," get ready -- Powerful.
Thx 4 reference. sounds like it might be helpful. Gonna need it when I switch gears after finishing speech on contacting aliens.
You are never finished. You can’t finish a methodology. It’s always changing. RT
S/O to my new followers! Much appreciated!
Detroit RedWings vs Preds in game #3 at noon today. At the game? Mindfield produced the game-opening video experience. #GoWings !!!
Shrimp suquet blowing my mind. I need to bathe in this!
Hooray, double-minor. Now if the Rangers could only get a shot on goal
I didn't have any idea. Must have been some poop nigga.
was amazing tonight! Amy looked absolutely fabulous and Nick is so adorable, when he wasn't lookin' at my drag rack haha!
Catch Curator Ben Thompson tomorrow morning on in the 7am hour. He will be discussing the new exhibition ReFocus: Art of the 1970s.
I meant Kendall, oops! ;c
When I'm in school, I wanna be on vacation. When I'm on a vacation, I wanna go back to school. Why does it have to be so complicated!
lol my room just got so bright I could see the posters on my wall in full detail powerful lightning!
At least Ikno I'm not failing this class I'm str8 ... 3moe
Writing yesterday was very productive. This album is going to be so NASTY!!!
So, without Prozac, I cry a lot more. Fancy that. I love SSRIs!
They may catch you at first but Then throw you down like nothing ever happened in the end.One day I hope that wont happen.
Dinner at Hue was delicious as usual. Love that place. Then, saw a rainbow after the storm! Yayz.
do you know when the soccer schedule will be available by any chance?
Hey Greg What's up?
Kev I got a quick question
thanks for the download as the tweet! What do you think so far?
I had to break it to my 7yr old her fish is dead. Yeah that worked out well.
Guys who have long hair when they're bald are like dogs with sweaters. its awkward, sad, weird, and should never happen.
Tonights prediction: the sewers run red with Mayweather's blood.
far from shady...we'll see how shady after post pics of Madden11 in our hands b4 the release date
What sort of Disney movie are you watching?!?
oh my god thank you so much <3 You're super gorgeous as well(:
Ice works great for injuries and inflammation. Consider heat for more chronic problems or muscular tightness.
is thrilled to have 2 more LA film auditions this afternoon. Next goal - a callback!
Wow! HUGE bat out in front of the grocery store. Had to have a 2-foot wingspan. Blech.
7 doesn't seem that cold to me this morning. Does this mean I'm gonna be that shorts guy soon?
"And then on Friday, April 19, I remember clearly, my day started with scrambled eggs and whole wheat toast. Then I got this call ..."
You are welcome!
": wish I could go babe ... #NEXT2NAKED you know I hate clothes lol" I know u do lol
my ninja. Thanks bro
Just got my first spam on #pinterest. Could just one thing stay spam free?!
Participating in a fascinating discussion about women in public service project w 7sister colleges, us state dpt & dell
Watching Rizzoli & Isles.
SO SEXY ;) ..IM ITALIAN MYSELF AND SHOWING LOVE TO YA HUN
I do! RT : “: J-Lo will premiere her new video on Twitter....” who needs the media?
equals awesome.
See.. its nothin
Photo shoot today!!
This bitch....
Good job messing up my name last friday ;) No wonder is catching up in followers...
I CANT WAIT TO BRING BRUCE HOME !!!
Pretty much, and I'm probably going to more devoted now than I was years ago. After all, the TV is on...
#anybodyoutthere has anyone lost both their parents in a short amount of time? I feel so alone now
vs let's go capitals!
I hate to think that you are flying commercial jets!
Eating arepas for dinner @ Meza!!! :D
The biggest mistake people make in life is not making a living at doing what they most enjoy.-- Malcolm S. Forbes
You sir, are my future husband! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><U+2764>
"I'd run through the desert and walk through the rain, get you into trouble and take all the blame" :)
Most Daves in one post ever. Or is it...
Omg Urban Outfitters has some amazing tank tops but the ones I like are crazy expensive! :l
I'm reading on the bed. Cat wants my company but wants me to know he does not like it. He's on opposite corner of the bed, face turned away.
#sheaintwifeymaterial if she on twitter tweeting bout how she thirsty for dick...
we would be screwed
I don't want to sound like a grammar nazi, but in the article, is said he was "excepted," which means to be excluded. Just fyi
RT : Q&A w/Compellent CEO Phil Soran in today's : "The only storage company that wants you to buy fewer...
TONIGHT: All night Happy Hour at North 45!
Federal prosecutors bust alleged DMV bribery ring. License applicants paid up to $3K to "pass" written test. Four DMV employees accused.
Going to Karma to eat some cake, drink some vodka and dance my butt off
HAPPY NEQW YEAR FROM NEW YORKK
Sucks losing in pong at scooters
thanks. you know, you'd think i'd have more than 54 followers with the level that my tweets are on.
The Vow with !!
New #americanPickers tonight!
Now throw strikes dammit and get yourself a complete game Garza!
so I keep rippin apart the pieces that we made doesn't really matter if you ask me
Every person I hug says I'm a good hugger. How can you be a BAD hugger!?
good point! Thanks for the tip
oh sure! And after that I can teach you how to julienne some carrots and make you a steak
re: restoring country's sanity: Stop the proliferation of weapons of FACT destruction and rearm citizens with the truth.
im fine
it was supposed to be a joyful night. My brother in-law graduated from the police academy.
Dear cashier Ty for the "free" small cup for my water and ice. But the phrase "I'm being nice" should have never left ur lips.
Happy Mothers Day Mom!
Our students are amazing! MT : Roosevelt Senior Jacquan says students forced to use back door. Likens to Brown v. Board
Hey , check out our interview with SUE GALLOWAY: bit.ly/o95j4p !
Captivate session went well. Participants loved it and asked for more sessions like this :)
What to do tonight.. Hmm.
Yes, but some journalists feel strongly they shouldn't vote in primaries, bc it requires them to declare party affiliation.
So there's no hope for you ever being happy o.o *sigh*
*nods* Well into the night. Whether drunk or not.
my spanish hw just unintentionally made an AD reference: "Vendemos la casa a Marta"
thanks for your support of !!
Stank booty ass bitch
what?! That sounds weird lol, :p
Awesome way to show greater community what your librarians can do! [taking notes] Love the way it's set up on the page, too.
then you realize it's me...and your excitement is tenfold? THANKS, BRAH!
Another boring weekend:/
It wasn't intentional. :/
At the studio, time IS money! Plz come PREPARED. We feel bad taking your money for time you waste... but we'll do it!
BOOM RT : Lack of Insight Bowl
Products you use every day could be dangerous, and some companies know it. So why don't you? TODAY'S TMJ4 News, On Your Side, tonight at 10
Follow and help end the fight against bullying!
Farm Glass & Metal Spiral Tea Light Holder Recalled by Christmas Tree Shops Due to Fire Hazard. Firm's Recall Hotline: (888) 287-3232
I'm stalking... Er.. Following you now. >;-)
has the greatest twitter followers! So, we are asking you. We just got a brand new blog. What should we blog about?
Any MSU drink specials? RT Come to "MSU Men's Basketball v. Illinois at Hi-Tops" Tuesday, Jan 31 7:00 pm to 10:00 pm.
Just watched DONNER PASS for the 3rd time... That movie got some sh@ with it. A lot of blood and gore. Indie films get it in.
Coffee = A way of life.
Hey follow me and I'll follow back
Tonite - A Dancer's Life Discussion w/ Step Afrika! at the Atlas: www.danceistheanswer.org
if u had millions of dollars would u support ur "crew" and pay their bills? ..idkkkk
All I ask is for a follow back from is that really to much to ask for ugh :(
and auto generation reduces the opportunity for 'same name' problems
Justin's birthday is tomorrow!
I Ate My Gluestick
Dirk can't hit a lick today. Delonte West stepping up tho.
: We’re currently focused on international markets with a variety of customers. Stay tuned, and thanks so much for your interest!
May the lord bless you and keep you...
thank you so much for a great event last night!
C.R.E.A.M. - Wu Tang Clan
Happy Easter everyone
So occupy Philly is back. Why do they have to block traffic though? Stay clear of walnut street if you have to drive in Center City.
At #SXSW? Want a drink on me? Crimson Hexagon's hosting a cocktail party. DM/reply me for details!!
RT #worstfeeling when your mind is trying to kill what your heart is keeping alive
See anyone wearing Charles River Apparel? We would love to see your photos. Send any pictures to or DM us.
At Vietnam Wall, headed to Lincoln Memorial & tix for Washington Monument at 9
Fun fact: I grew up half an hour away from there. You're in the heart of #hillpeople country. Get a horseshoe at Jackson St.
“Good design begins with honesty, asks tough questions, comes from collaboration and from trusting your intuition.”–FreemanThomas,CarAndIDer
my boys are over here nodding furiously. They know what time it is, cake-wise.
I'm predicting Ron Paul will probably win tonight... even tho he didn't win the Iowa Pie Eating Contest earlier today
Wycombe and Exeter are both down, right? Are you going?
Going to slepp. Goodnight Hope you have a good sleep <3
Chasing the sun - The wanted <3
I move to my new house tomorrow, get your ass over here and get the heavy stuff so I don't have to. Bring the ginger with you.
Man what's good tweeps feels good to be back, I been gon too long true or right or wrong HELLO STEVIE WELCOME HOME
It makes us sad seeing you tweet everyone but us :( *sigh*
Check out Facebook for our new shipment of Sperantsa products!! BEANIES, SCARVES, AND GLOVES!
Shooting with the fabulous Gazella today!!
Help! Do I watch #MadMen or #SisterWives??? Either way it's gonna be amazing and one guy is gonna sleep with 4 women.
A growing crowd of Information purveyors will shut down service from 6:00 am - 6:00 pm PDT Wed., Jan18 Wikipedia, Monzilla > SOPA Protest
exactly...I love red velvet cake, cupcakes, women........LOL!
at the Turner House watching the Pack with Jodi and Jackie waiting for the GA lottery
What up boy!
Really?? I have never had that happen on facebook
I've never heard of that one, I'll have to check it out!
Thanks to everyone who came out this weekend !!!!
Thank you!
Or lately, between cell phone upgrades. RT : Real friends are the ones who survive transitions between address books.
Have Sunday Brunch with us and enjoy our Breakfast Burger or Breakfast Burrito.
Haiti#on my mind!
Such a beautiful day with family and friends. It's good to be home & awake ! :)
MT : Military cancels Ted Nugent show citing anti-Obama comments
what a shame
I pray that we arrive safe the whole way through in jesus name... Amen
War. Rape. Murder. Poverty. Equal rights for gays. Guess which one the Southern Baptist Convention is protesting? ~The Value of Families
getting ready for start up of jan. classes
Holy shit, no I've never seen it but that's hilarious. You know how I feel about Journey...
Doesn't matter, had Carl's.
Miracle Svc on TBN now! Hosted by 't miss ur opportunity 2 receive ur Miracle! What r u believing God 4?
At least twice a week. RT : Do you ever feel like you just can't ever catch a break?
What do you think about this week's #AmericanIdol results?
What do you do with dead chemists? Barium...
I'm about to go in the living room and unplug the tv. She wouldn't know what to do then. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
im gonna go make a cake bye
Jeez, your just so cool sayin stuff you don't even know means, I wish I was like you.
“: Great news for the Glass family tonight, glad Matt was found safe” thank God Matt Glass is alive!
why do all toothbrushes have to be neon?
THEM THEY DON'T MAKE VERY MUCH BUT I BELIEVE THEY ARE HAPPIER WITH THEIR LIVES IN THE LONG RUN FOR SERVING THEIR FELLOW MEN. OTEHR
won't be on, going to get some sleep. school tuesday EW spread the page and help us get to Chicago <3
Hm cleaning up my room realizing how much of a pig I can be... I need to get my shit together all aspects of my life
the same dumb ass dog that woke me up at 5am saturday attack my neighbor and her dog!!! WTF. dude!
Might as well give up with basketball
Can it get any hotter in my room or ?
Heard your back as a Nugget, welcome back!!
<33 i love you!
Some people have an "Eliminate the competition attitude" No BIG tent"
yah and yah and she got to meet JB on the ellen show and got to sit on his lap the whole time,i dont really no everything
thank you beautiful!
I think I got a little sunburned today.
Luv your show! You have such a fun family! Take care!
Starting to hate the city I live in
- i just realized ... i laugh at literally EVERYTHING ... lmao .. everyone tells me i do .. but i never noticed til noww .. hahaha (:
Congrats on the tech upgrade!
Hope you have fun!! :)
<< I used Insanity to lean up and endurance. I love lifting weights though. Getting ready to start p90x again after my 5k
Now this is how you start a q&a.
RT : RT : "Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain, and most fools do." Benjamin Franklin
by the way, if you will be down in 12, would like to see if you can participate in one of our Summits.
I think me and are gonna see Avengers opening day. Looks good. But it's not TDKR.
I can't wait!
i got a summer dress for the honors banquete, and some dress pants for the pride and unity awards, ugh i need a shirt by tuesday!
What a GREAT way to start a Friday and end a week! Great customers gets to work with, new orders, business ramping very nicely!!
My moneys on Sugar Shane Mosley. Here we go
I hope Portland, OR is on the list.
What a fiesta!
I'm just that mathematical. indeed, we need to get together
Audition Tip: Be careful when changing gender of an audition piece. Consider lyric, style, & appropriateness.
Thank you David Fincher glad I get weekend with my mom
Thanks for following
Kandi just making money all over the place. That's what I'm talking about Kandi
Goes Live In Ten Minutes!!
just one paper.
Miami bound!
Today is gonna be a chill day! ! ma buy some shoes an be happy
yeah we do gotta do ah track
I'm so bored <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
where did you go?!
That's gotta be demoralizing, in their house no less, need this OT.
Whenever I have to give a presentation I like to tie it all together at the end with "So, um...yeah....".
There's no reason to have it. A lot more productive things you could do. Plus you don't want to meet a guy on there anyway.
woo hoo! Geek power! :)
UPDATE 1-Tennis-Sony Ericsson Open men&#39;s semi-final results
jimmy kimmel is on fire.
Lucky you, it's snowing in Kansas City today!
gosh, why are some so critical about a funeral. its sickening. the Whitney criticism doesn't even stop with death.
Haha. This is the whole problem with LinkedIn. RT LinkedIn: Miss your old boss? Me: Is this a trick question?
that's what I figured that's good u stay out of trouble and keep me posted on Bre.
IU plays UNC next year for big ten/acc challenge! It's gonna be a good one
Thank you Prof Ogg! Good times back in the mid-1980's in the Withey House - 1136 Ogg East.
yes. Milwaukee is in Wisconsin :)
omg I need it!!
Thanks, Mary Ann, for the kind words!
Are there any schools you would like to see broadcasted in Indiana? HoosierTrack is excited to start kicking off events!
This is the United States!! Stop the polarizing!! And Unite for the futures of our children, grand children and even ourselves!!
how you doing? and
thanks Mark. Appreciate the effort!
No kidding. I plan to cut off all arguments w/ my kids by declaring the debate inquorate. Let 'em look it up.
missin you dawg! i never saw you on your birfddaay :/ we shall rage tomorrow and continue the festivities
The Guthrie Campaign is honored to announce Appeals Ct ruled #SheriffGarcia wrongfully withheld documents & Judge Baker ruled Guthrie!””
That isn't impossible?! Well-done!
Thanks to and for being two of the coolest people I've ever met. <3
#truefact - netflix is terrible:(
My son for his birthday has asked for a Inca statue that is featured in Scooby Doo 'Monsters of Mexico'. Help!
“: I wanna be happy like the lady on the Popeyes commercial. so much enthusiasm.” I just want some Popeyes!!
Ah, found the quickest way to my heart for conference presenters: Mitchell & Webb clips.
Girls with long NATURAL hair >>>>>
I actually find that there are too many portfolio-centric wp themes.
Ready for some Pinot! Thanks for following! All the best can't wait to see !
Ever felt u take 1step forward 2 steps back? I Do. So I keep a list of my steps to know I'm moving forward. How do u know your direction?
Thanks. :) I miss you all, too. I hear Katie is starting next month - a lot of excitement at CB&A!
TO JAIL
Got some good news today, more things going on, love it
oh, poor puppy. My dog was 7 or 8 when he was injured. I'm sure Bailey will heal up perfectly!
The answer is UNDOUBTEDLY.... Hilary Rush Colcha Principessa Lost & Found Calypso/ Calypso Home
Early morn start w Heading to and am ecstatic. Been waiting for this all winter.
does city need to win or just tie?
Wtf? WHZ breaks away. There's no excuse for that. No way would this happen for the
i love your tweets because they are so true and make my day!
Merry start of the NBA season!
OK, Zito kept it under control. No Decision. He can go home tonight & sleep soundly on his pink satin pillows.
I’m already bored. °I’m already wise. °I’m already worn. °I’m already wondering ‘What am I?’
RT : Clear has been down at my place in SW Abilene for ~ 4 hours. #clear fail! Fantasy team isn't set yet!?!? <U+E407>
ITS SO INTENSE but I just ruined it and now it's 667
Since Twilight Time is licensing from Columbia, perhaps they should try to get Fail-Safe on blu-ray; I'll bet they could move 3000 of those.
how can I be nice to people and they just throw me attitude. This is why I can't live with anyone because it going to continue to happen.
I'm sure.. Haha
Still In Love :)
This Saturday March 17th is our Free Device Workshop, come in to learn more about your device 730am-900am
Google Docs, stop fucking with me.
rondo's going to have high numbers today!
Why didn't "Never Let Me Go" not get nominated for anything?
#GoTribe It's good to see the tribe over .500
Uh-oh. The drink tickets are working. I sees people grinding on each other.
Get to feeling better soon. RT in not feeling well today... Give her some love.
but you finna be rolling OG
Nice to meet you too.
haha! Poor him! I know how it feels I have all sisters. Lol I'm dying to know what happened to Shepard?!?!
Dont know what "din" means. But. Thanks. What are you doing now?
Another Sunday! You can find our donuts @ Monkey Nest Coffee, Houndstooth Coffee, Summermoon Coffee, Monkey Wrench Books, Austin Java Cit...
i didn't know you could write in korean! ^_^
omg I love your tweets from the other day ! Miss you girlfriennn
thanks for sharing ur opinion! It was a surprise.
“: I think I have a crush.” I swear I feel like we're always on the same boat
#hth2012 Frank: talking about DataOne (environment), sets of linked archives working with ecosystem of information
Have fun you guys! Wish I could've gone w/ u. Maybe next year?
Have loved the Beastie Boys frm day 1; cannot rap my head around the fact that one of them is gone. Some of the dopest beats in rap history.
Register your daughter ages 3-12 for the Little Miss PINC Pageant at the PA Convention Center-email
Aye girl yhu lookin good in that shirt, in that shirt, in that lolz I said coyote ugly
#junewish I get an internship with Aidan 'Rockstar' Bradley :P Pretty Please?
wat up wat up! Chingo! So was up with that problem solver can u help me??... ha ... straight up...
Thanks for the follow my friend. Hope to see you again soon.
Jordan is makin me feel something in my heart.
Carrying the Canvas 3001 fashion tee for a limited time at $2.25 per unit. How about adding a full color print or your LOGO?
20? That's crazy. Kids can live w quarters for now. What's next? iPads per tooth?
Who needs the news when you have twitter...Bye bye Anderson Cooper hello man from virginia with countless hours of free time
Stay Tuned! Plenty More Shows! You're Welcome!
I was actually emailing with Amanda about this earlier today. would also like to help, or attend. I can commit!
there is nothing better in the world
yea that shit was crazy LOL. I was finding the situation funny but I was waiting for smtn to happen cuz I woulda had her bak
#BongoConvo what can we expect for the new season?
cutting the new carson henley music video!
I was curious. "Change what?" I said. "Your personality," he said. I smiled big and called "Okay" as I walked out the door.
GTWT is a huge fan! We work with youth in East LA on health & nutrition & college access. Thanks for all you do for our kids!
#celebrityasaspice: Clove Owens
New picture is titled "Space Tony" for abstract reasons. This is how I spend my Friday nights.
you too LOVE :) have lots of FUN
Carlos Ruiz > Mark Parent
nice quiet sunday night with the fam. Loving this moment!
Really wish Baylor would stop rocking those highlighter jerseys!!! It&#39;s driving me mad!
Good luck! I did B1 and B2. Great stuff!
2nd one said is Haley cheating on me.
Since I am at work, can someone please text me primary results as they come in???
Linsay Lohan has been and ALWAYS will be gorgeous!
WILL you be come on a cone this fall in Boston for your tour? I need my moment for life!
Doors are now open! Our $1 Draft & $2 You Call Its #DrinkSpecial Begins NOW! Free dance lessons begin in 15 mins so let's start this party!
Time for sleep!
The only reason I said "It's to hard to explain" is because I'm really just to scared to tell you...
charles shaw RT : What kind of wine pairs best with top ramen?
Let's get the Scorpions 1st victory tonight!!!
Lloyd: FCC needs to hear from libraries during comment period. Comments due by July 9, 2010. www.broadband.gov
Happy thanksgiving, OFA family!
I'm sure she'll pop up :/
ATTENTION DJs!!! Send Me Emails, New Song Called "My City"
Tinseltown is going to be packed tomorrow night
I feel like whichever intern claiming that everyone wouldn't do these things needs to be reminded of Ron Paul...
Corey Hart still working out at first base this spring?
i’ve asked about you and they’ve told me things but my mind didn’t change i still the feel the same.
Wow! She'd never seen anyone add oil? Oh, and newer cars are so much harder to maintain! Changing headlight bulb = nightmare.
...you live two streets over
mobile card app needs to get on the stick fixing their app for the HTC EVO gingerbead update!!
bad vibes from you
Good morning world. Starting g off the day perfect so far.
Glad he's worried about our head football coach situation with the border war looming.
Winning by field goals, is hardly worth bragging about. #really!
who that be? I find em :)
The 2012 NBA Playoff Guide: Part One « Thought Catalog
P- Positive M- Mental A- Attitude
Oh yeah :)
Working on a basketball promo video for Shaw University in NC with Head Coach Cleo Hill and Asst. Coach Joe Simmons
I'm a freak 24 hours a day 7 days a week fuck all that just being a freak at night shit
if a guy is british, he is automatically hotter!
1donut=happy, 4donuts=guilt, 8donuts=anger, 12donuts=acceptance, 13donuts, well let's just say a diabetic coma is relaxing.
You have to stand for something or else you'll fall for anything.
we always get a raised eyebrow when we say team BDSM!
Congratulations to & for receiving the National Medal for Museum and Library Service!
thank you to all my new followers we always follow back
So far, so good with morning fog formation but thicker fog just W & SW of MKE
Okay, so now Crystal is laughing at his own jokes.
we want DP2. Please make it. It would be a dream come true. :(
The only sure thing about luck is that it will change. -Bret Harte.
Loving the colorful floral peep-toe pumps this spring! Perfect with jeans or office-gear!
I rather pathetically use my laptop and phone for pics. I really need to get a camera!
Yeah. How do you know Paul? Send me a DM.
cant wait to see it!! have a great day!!! tell the guys hi for me, please!!
well I'm happy the players like him at least
Haven't really been a fan of meek mill but this new tape goes pretty hard.. im quite impressed d-_-b
Happy Mother's Day, Mama! I love you! Miss you! Wish we were together today! Big hugs! Delta sends her luv too!
when you cried in little manhattan.. I cried too <3 <3
Did you get in that power nap!!
Little man moved to table, I bum a toothpick, then he shoves on my open next hand.
Don't rub it in ;D
Biggy -112 -the sky is the limit.. Thas the feel
the Bristol Renaissance Faire. I believe its just over the Wisconsin border
time magazine is going to milk this for all its worth
I hate that when im nervous i get so red wah.
just did.
looks. so. delicious. will have to try it out!
thanks bro
If 1 life is saved it was worth jumping on the bandwagon.
we are so glad you had a great time, and we miss you today!
about to take off. Thank you for everything, will let you know when I get back to boston tomorrow. Love you!!!
Impressed as heck at Scholastic for publishing The Hunger Games. Also that it was made into a pretty good movie.
yes, the event is at the former NSLS office in Wheeling.
The mom when I picked up my 12-yr-old from a sleepover: "They did play outside. They were out back trying to light a pumpkin on fire."
tryna gain some knowledge...
I'm not seeing those ugly black squares in people's tweets anymore!!!!!
All that matters is back in the 8th spot with a chance to get 2 in a row at Cleveland tomorrow!
MY MIND'S ON MONEY NIGGA #WHATABOUTYOU MAYBE IFF YA LEARN TAHUSTLE YOU CAN
are you visiting or moving here?
question: sushi or seafood/ Mediterranean ? Hint: 2 votes on the sushi from us... But u have 2.5 votes yourself !
mobile office hours are .. now?
Where do you live? I know you don't have a green card.
Wondering what email service you use and would recommend? MailChimp, Constant Contact, etc.
"It's important to distinguish when you have wisdom on the crowds and when you have the madness of the masses"
Doctor Who Series 6 soundtrack is now on iTunes.
60min #writingsprint @ the bottom of the hr. Who's pacing me?
Thanks for a great semester!
#whenimhomealone i watch the garage door go all the way down just in case someone goes all james bond under the garage.
#clues We'll be also interviewing someone who toured with , a rapper, and someone on GLEE! :) Any guesses?
I might go =)
- students cannot develop the content of a subject matter that they need to learn. There lies the problem of your method.
lol true, but I don't wanna be anywhere near it seeing as I was frisked by TSA ppl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> and there's the protesters ect
finally something your not good at lol, im good at tennis and swimming, i almost made state for swimming this year
What's the best way to make money while still being tangentially connected to Art HISTORY? Restoration? Curatorships? Unesco?
In the lab working... wat genious will today bring us....
Another #Vikings #stadium proposal at the last minute. We'll have details coming up on the
What is life without a purpose? What is purpose without love?
is so fckin mean too me!
This year at is going to be epic!
At joes on juniper
In the bus going to afterschoolcare gonna go see the guy I like :) And every body remember You are who You are NO ONE needs to approve it :)
Often give up my #Saints tics to Neil (and the munchkin!) so they can take friends. Really love watching the game on TV with tweeds! WhoDat!
All of them-whatever the number is-I believe he's gone 4-13 since 06 under 30 seconds RT : how many has he missed?
watt r u talkn
Yay. A girl got mugged in broad daylight outside my office. N la cienega?? What???
Best. Tweet. Ever. We are humbled.
hm, we should rock it monday(;
twittle me this twittle me that!
perfect way to spend your time in #Miami! Good luck on your next challenge!
Black Cherry Crush is about to rock out at Alderwood Mall for their summer concert series and then off to White Rabbit 2 view our new video!
We might sell your information to 3rd party spammers
Love aviation,kids want to see static displays of aircraft? Head over to Cutter Aviation at the airport today, 9-5 to learn more
: We were behind the curve just 6 months after passing the 1996 Telecom Act
Woah you did Iron Man? That's amazing! Congrats!
I miss you too, come to Cali this summer! I want to see you!
I have decided that needs to come to NM :) just for me! :) cuz I kinda like them
Thanks for the follow. I'm currently trying to get my first book off the ground. I loved how you did the e-store on your site.
iend at his job and i look so idle
Handbag lovers
I fucking hate Anthony Davis
Why is it that some people don't like watching women play basketball ?
Congratulations on winning a 1 year membership giveaway to ! Please message us with your contact information.
Alotta shit on my mind, thoughts are so cluttered I need hoarders to come and sort it
Hello People! :)
Talk about motivation! Thanks for your tweet earlier! :)
so THIS is where I went wrong?
You just cant do it!
I felt the same way about HG, did like that Katniss is the anti-Bella
Celebrate the beauty within...
But, what about the insurance corp itself? Seems like I could join State Farm through an independent agent. What's the diff?
I plan on Publishing "The Sea" in a few Months So please look for it thank you.
Dude. Next time you are stick digging thru your change jar, you'll thank them! ;) haha
RT : “: and the other 5% of security people still use Gmail but don't complain about privacy :)” < yup | +1 ;)
Just Listed: PTClicker -
Everyone has a secret That they will never tell That can break your heart to pieces.
I thought I loved her but she just like the others so fuck her! -Dj Bigg Patta
let's do it! You have folks in SF, right?
the only person i trust is the 1 i see in the mirror !.
your face is freaking beautiful
Twitter spam is the best, isn't it?
This. RT So much of advising students on research projects is just repeating, "Don't freak out. You can do this."
I am not the biggest fan of rum.
#FF Our partners this week
So sum 1 recorded a conversation of mine, that's not keeping it 100..... REALLY THOUGH?
Johnson family vacation hell yeah
Tebow started out all kinds of Ghostbusters One but I think we really all knew he was really Ghostbusters Two all along.
SubhanAllah. I read both early reports such as you mentioned and later reports as well (late 14th century).
Hold me. I'm missing Evanescence to see tonight. The sacrifices I make for and
you and the zombie apocalypse came up in an edit meeting today. true story.
Happy Bday Boo!
Thank You Come Party With Me Tonight @ Peanuts!!!
better rain all night so i dont have to take out the trash (my evil laugh)
The Cheapest Way To Get iPhone! Heres a wise solution!
is exhausted.
lmaooo!! it costs $1,679.60 for to come live with us<3 ahahaha how creepy am i
Soo uuhh I think ur hot umm yeah that's pretty much it
ment to spell it like that nd oh
I wish more people were arrested for Obstruction or Harboring a Fugitive. It might get thier attention if they have to go to jail.
Leave me alone #hopoff #you'reannoying
Julie, thanks again for letting me know about the opportunities at I just applied for the Account Coord. position.
Seriously, John Hancock Observatory, David Schwimmer is your narrator? Did you even ask Morgan Freeman or James Earl Jones?
Have any of you had any positive or negative experiences with Swiss International Air Lines? Never flown with them before..
Luke and Matt Goss of Bros both turn 43 today. They're twin brothers (duh) who were teen idols in the 90's.
wait you wanna train to?
use nickles, the are almost perfect.
youare so awesome, thank you! i will be sure to promote this today :)
Moccasins with fur lining are amazing!
- Unbelievable show tonight at Winter Jam! Wow!!! There is no doubt God absolutely loves head banging worship!! Armor Up!!!
Lost power in fairport ny
Heard it ina love song..can't be wrong!
glad to hear my man repping hard again.
re: coding booth at summerfest << that's actually a kind of interesting idea!
Why is it so hard for me to forgive ppl that hurt me
and 729 as of 11:49pm. 585 concerned listeners on the Kenosha feed right now. see ?
SO excited for the #BELIEVEtour. I'm buying tickets no matter what
My advice to & HP: Imbibe Rams' Ten principles of good design (in his own tweets):
My favorite part in THE RAVEN is when the killer smugly asks, "surprised?" and then I, befuddled, responded, "who the fuck is this?"
Wel are studying tonight right!?..
Can't wait to see Haruspex and Volumes march 8th
Cecconis for Easter lunch - my favorite restaurant in Los Angeles. Happiness.
...crawl through fire to vote against is EZ. Are you willing to pay the gas prices to get you to the voting precinct?
i wanna go jogging outside but it won't stop raining <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Finally broke down and bought premium. It makes being a the gym much more enjoyable!
that is a hilarious statistic. Did they say if it happened after a dinner of Ikea Swedish meatballs?
okay...i will no longer make plans ahead of time to go...i'll just go on random days so the weather doesn't decide to get all crappy..lol
good to finally meet you in person brotha!
Wow... at Panera and just saw an old man approach a huge table of people he doesn't know and speechify to applause. It's like a movie!
Get into #guiltypleasures for just $5 tonight: say: "Who took the cookie from the cookie jar? Was it you?" at the box office.
RT : today is the 120th anniversary of the 1st documented - Ice Cream Sundae!
Am i being accusd of shit already // this wild
"And I don't know what road we're or where we been, all I know is I don't want this night to end :)"
waiting to see if Cali secedes first, since they went first on an anti-gay marriage amendment.
Just had #CurryGoat with #WhiteRice. :-) yummy
repaired! I am beyond happy right now, u have no idea :-D
thank you so much for the RT! I thought is was kind of funny since I learned about Guy Fawkes night in university in Germany :)
Last #musetech class tonight! Best of luck to everyone on their 5 minute pitches. A good elevator pitch is essential to innovation.
Wanted to wish all my friends, co-workers, clients ... a #safe and Happy Holiday!
Welcome to the stage Matt Domo of for the keynote presentation this morning at
rockin First Aid Kit !
Thanks for the #FF!
Lmaoo girl those are some boy shorts on you!!
And now addicted to - don't tell my bank account or my bosses.
Bumping Mental Warfare
Rad thanks! RT : Exclusive to Capitol Hill/CD, Epic Cookie No5... Smell Epic. Be epic.
i know! Lunch soon :)
TWO talks today: Nathaniel Smith on Japan, 1:00 Brooks Hall Conference Room; Gao Fei on China, US, and Russia, 3:15, Wilson 301.
thanks for the follow! Have a prosperous new year!
will tell you but then I will not be the doiggy anymore
Bout time they air these games
Hey Belynda, I am glad to follow a FICA sister
Please follow and let her know i sent yu! she opened for cody on november 19th 2011 :)
There's a saying: 100% of people who support the Bible don't support 100% of the Bible.
Ready for tomorrow night bitchess. Throwin down 200 for JUST liquor
So I was following everyone following until I got to 2k and it doesn't let me follow any more,ooh well.. #WellersAreAwesome<3
“Your life is your message to the world. Make it inspiring.” - Lorrin L. Lee
I'm follower #200! Great seeing you in Chicago this week and I love my new pair of !
Did you Move to Miami??(:<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Oops. Didn't see your tweet.. Yes. We are going to go to the gym. (;
I have to win first lol. Do you guys have the lottery where you are? You should go play too!!
Dirt! In the cat food!
Klout thinks my second most influential topic is...Cats? Where's the -K button?
In Queens.
How should the story (design story) begin -- ?
Give me your email and I'll send a few over
Oh lord not me . Produced by Top Dolla Beats sick shit . Link will be sent soon
Old ass WHITE man says to me, "only way this country will get better is if Obama gets re-elected" there is hope
Canvases are stacking up... come and add to the wall on the last day to participate with Amanda Ross-Ho in the Untitled Nothing Factory!
that's good
Love and joy come to you. And some wassail, too. Merry and beautiful Christmas!
Wow i see alot changes !!!
We don't change what we are, we change what we think what we are. -Eric Butterworth
I loved u on the wendy show... first time u didnt play with ur tongue and teeth lol I was waiting for that but u didnt :(
oh yeah singing my but off on fiiiiirrre!!
awe =D yay
Thank you thank you thank you to my new followers :) one more till 200 ILY guys XD
Whoa, whoa, whoa, I am clearly NOT that smart. Bailey, what do you want to bet? I'll take Michigan. :)
Why ANYONE would go to Oakland is beyond me. BreakingNews Update: Occupy Oakland arrest totals about 300, police say - AP
To waive or not to waive? That is the question.
Rain, rain go away! Is anyone still planning to #run outside today? Tips for running in the rain?
love Tina, my huband wants to know if she has her glasses with her? He likes them ;-)
come back to 15th street!!!! Or anywhere remotely close, Haha. I miss you. :(
I walked outside and came right back in........I'm not going out till like 6 bump that
TV is disgusting....luckily , we have a sat dish.
...right on..quite the bullshit .i bitch about that free hand out shit all the time..people that steal my tax dollar
but the war in unavoidable, obama is just wasting money on stupid government agency's
you moving?!
Watching Philip Rivers last night was like nails on a chalkboard.
"I don't care how poor a man is; if he has family, he's rich." ~Dan Wilcox and Thad Mumford, M*A*S*H
Yeah, bought my old dept a couple of Powershot cameras, & we def liked 'em, but batteries never lasted. You've been happy?
whats up man? You sign up at USAT yet?
Singing....Yewah be praised...all the glory belongs 2 u all th glory belongs 2 u oh God and we say Hallelujah
shoot the breeze? Urban dictionary has a good def.
Looking forward to the first ever is it true #CriticalHitComics has a table at this #event?
random tweet to I heard "We Didn't Start the Fire" today and it reminded me of a column you did in early 90s.
so you come to my house and can't wait for me to get out of the shower >:O I'm officially disowning you as a family member. bye.
My neighbors are going to kill me any minuet now cause I'm blasting Feel So Close To You ;)
ya'll are gonna love our blog site...
raining cats, dogs and wooly mammoths. considering turning my spare tire into a raft for survival purposes
": tonight lol" Thanks can't wait
PS. Where's my cake? You know, the actual one you bake. Lol
Lol yea bro! you gotta come out here and get tatt'd son!
The S/S '12 issue is giving me LIFE! The shoots and trend spreads r always dead on & the makeup/product reviews r VERY useful!
My dad had this philosophy that if you tell children they're beautiful and wonderful then they believe it, and they will be
I know seriously, coolest player ever and aint even verified
lol what were the plans
Like #FREEPIZZA? Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win one! Normal msg rates apply.
Happy birthday! :) Hope you have a good day!
I'm really not having a good day today...but that's life. Can't dwell in the valleys when there are so many peaks to ascend
inverted nipples..
where you been?
Stay positve...stay positive....stay positive.....geesh, some things are just hard to bear, and difficult to find the good in....Thank...
No!!! Lol!! | ": My mama is STILL wondering why Kobe & Lebron weren't in the Super Bowl...I give up on her"
it's freezing outside<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. ~ Henry David Thoreau
AND I CAN'T HANDLE THAT EL PADRINO DIDN'T WIN. You had ONE job on Cinco de Mayo, Mexican-named horse...ONE JOB.
I want taco bell!
One Direction and I #TillDeathDoUsPart, I will always love them.<U+2665> :) xx
who wants a free beat?
but I couldn't help having a little bit of hope
Watching #TwoMulesForSisterSara. Gotto love old westerns.
Eat Drink Read will include sweets. Chef/Choclatier William Gustwiller's (Elipse Chocolate) choice is "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory."
I would pick probably the only Fucking computer on campus the dosnt have powerpoint.
There's an alarm going off somewhere outside. It won't stop blaring. I think I should be allowed to go home. Can't work in these conditions.
Are you talking about a shoutout? If not, I'll give you one anyways (:
well itsgood u think yo team will mess with the Pack but yall aint on our level yet!! We will c!!
Dont change so people will like you. Be yourself and the right people will love the real you.
Just finished Tina Fey's book, Bossypants, it was well worth the fifty cents I paid at the thrift store for it.
any plans on a mobile app
Creepy: One seagull outside my window sounds like a human screaming.
You were not kidding about that fig! Another amazing batch.
I think he was laughing his ass off! But you can imagine it the other way. >:o| haha
Anybody having a wonderful day?
Yeah like pedophile's and like rapest and like old men seeking dirty stuff ^-^ Lololololo<3
It is Abosolutely Imperitive that the Jewelry I purchase has genuine stones!!
how much
yup. i believe you are right sir.
I'm going to Al Green!! Yes.
The wrath of brothers is fierce and devilish.
RT comes a point where you're too hungry to have the patience to cook a meal. Thank goodness I live in Restaurant City USA.
Ridin round wit that nina !!!! Smokin on that kiesha!!!!
We like these recent ipo stocks: ET and DWRE. Cloud play stocks will contunue to outperform...
wants to break my boyfriends mw3 disk...
go to sleep fool lol
Jay Cutler is going to have Post-Traumatic Sack Disorder by the end of his career.
I'm afraid that you'll never know how I really felt .
Well ladifuckingda. Waste of life
If you're an Independent Artist with a video in Hiphop, Soul, Reggae, Pop music OR Spoken Word, send link to - IVCTV.NET
Friday the 13th <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Nameless Sound seeking grant-writing intern. Send resume/writing sample (ie. proposal, biography, etc) to: ayanna (at) namelesssound (org).
so exciting. wish I could join you..
Law and Order SVU marathon, I blame you for my lack of productivity today. Thanks A LOT, Olivia...
I feel better... Security just informed me that if he steps foot in the lobby they are gonna fuck him up no questions asked! Haha
Being an Actor: be excellent; be memorable; be likable.
Burning up by. This fireplace
Thanks for the support! Keep up the good work. Spread the word...
Only if you wear cordouroy!
COME TO KANSAS SO WE CAN GET YOU IN A BETTAH STUDIO BRUH
where's training?
the facilities are amazing there !!!!
'' forever ,, katy perry <U+2665>
what inspires you to act? post here-
the feelin i get wen i c u is describable, ur smiles keeps me goin, ur looks feel my heart with joy
Late Nite Sex Nite Lets Get it
definitely bad bad
Here go some shit for niggas to be in trouble.
Mornings. Suck. xD
I'm assuming you share my concerns whether that show would be as funny 20 years later. But there's only one way to find out.
This episode of is inducing pyromaniac fantasies. Does that make me a book-burning librarian?
Anyone looking to buy a car? I've got a Ford Escape with 60k miles that would be right up your alley.
Good afternoon everyone;)
Victoria's Secret Denim Launch Party tonight in Hollywood!
at home chillen bored
Losers live in the past. Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future. - Denis Waitley
is AMAZING!!! FOLLOW THEM!
#CanYouFigureOut why #racism still exists in #America today?
Get pumped.
Go Pack Go! RT : I'm not sure I can use this as an official announcement. RT : My nigga jus gt drafted by da packers'
#ICantStandPeople who chew with their mouths open ;(
I'm startin to learn this twitter talk! haha I like it...turkey is always a much better choice!
ooh they look yummy...
Gotta eat meat today - - or go Vegie. Why? You didn't know???.. It's National "Respect Chickens Day" . . . sorry KFC...
its interesting to see the first drafts. I always laugh when I see the original Simpsons episodes.
Lol that akaward moment when I'm making a delievry and my customer (26 female) and I both bend over and we both know I looked down her shirt
#AGirlJustWants to ramble on and on about horoscopes... blah blah blahgatarius
I can't get this song out of my head!!!!!!!
If you can't deal with haters you should get out of the game
Can't wait for #jiujitsu tonight!
Talked to a good friend.! Made my night =)
#ThoughtsDuringSchool man I should really write this down...eh nah it can't be that important...
Last call, Chloe! If you don't direct message us by midnight Friday, Apr 6, we'll have to name a new winner in our DVD giveaway.
Adult learners will retain more and adapt earlier when they can "do" rather than "watch".
me + you equals this weekend !
What does Colorado taste like? Crown Royal
let's take a quick poll: Does Raburn deserve to get booed at home?
Girls, if your current boyfriend cheated on his ex with you, he's probably cheating on you with his next girlfriend.
finally headed to the bar for Amy's birthday. also, I twisted my ankle in a puddle. :(
What's for lunch today? Chalupa with Santa Fe black beans & rice, corn, salsa, cinnamon apple slices and milk.
thanks man
The student section is embarrassingly empty. Come on step it up!
Haha! = RT Joss Whedon should come to Comic-Con & just jog a victory lap in Hall H, high five everyone, and leave.
should skip and come with me mommy and grandma :D
Two Door Cinema Club will be at Free Press Houston on June 3rd and 2nd
What is may 5th day?
The Tweet goes on Sweet Tweets:
thanks for the comment. If I can be of help to you or clients, please let me know. Si pollack, TheBlindManNM.com
Now thats just pathetic!!
I suppose that, technically speaking, all soldiers are licensed to kill, but my army career involved killing time.
Coincidentally, your friends are also grateful for you.
See my recent tweet regarding Miles' "Stuff" & Tony's playing on it... “: Agreed. Tony Wolliams too.”
Oh my gosh how much you want to bet is scared out of his wits to come on twitter right now???
Let ya next move be ya best move
there's a she wolf in every girl apparently <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 13
I have to do a semesters worth of English in two days. Can it be done?
Love listening to the , he is such a great analyst!
What good is a cellphone if the 3 numbers I got for you ain't right?!?!?! #BlowinSteam then continue the dream....
I aprecciate the recomendation for your Kshaun to me about the beats .
MWN Members! Don't forget to check your PROJECTS page! There are a ton of opportunities up right now!
I think this girls dude is gay
working beethoven for 2 gtrs ( sight reading with students in austria! only few sonatas good 4 gtr ! but this one really works!
Gallery 114 is open until 6pm tonight. Tomorrow is the last day to catch the spectacular Signing the Ocean exhibition.
Good Morning.... Happy Sunday "FUN-DAY"
I have to think the giant $192 *million* boxoffice delta between 1st (#Avengers) & 2nd (#ThinkLikeAMan) will never be matched again
Yes...actually found an under priced bottle of Frogs Leap that I snatched up!
love that sweet face!!!
#edshow MEDIA MATTERS still hopelessly looking for CHRIS MATTHEWS' brain to install "news-feed chip".
yeah duh gurl you already kno you love
Booth time! Always puts a smile on my face ;-)
"Integrity is doing the right thing when no one is watching:"
I can haz ALL TEH mortgage complications! :S
Everyone need some knowledge! Tell me what you know about Facebook Parent-Child pages for businesses. Researching want to know what u know.
Working while sick is both fun and exciting.
Going to be a great show! RT : ...the are looking forward to coming to Boston to play with the Pops!
Im on dat
we were late, we can't go out
MPLS moonset. Maybe getting up early on Saturday isn't so bad.
I wholeheartedly agree!!!
if you don't, I think should
is glad they found Ira! A frightened dog running amok through the rainy city streets is never a good situation.
Studios & indies alike have since instituted lots of new policies, incl a "Green PA" position on indv prods & Green Execs at studio level
if you got it you got it you got that voom voom (8)' <3
Wine night with and watching Big Brother, great way to end the day!
Vampires, witches top favorite-costumes list for Halloween (Adults). Boy's costumes: Spider-Man, pirate, vampire, “Star Wars” character
I'm litterally sick with excitement of how great this Summer is going to be.
“It’s hard when others demand too much from you. It’s even harder when you demand too much from yourself” ~ Robert H. Connelly
Also? I can do whatever I want for the next 28 hours. I feel so free.
I gave a wedsite never seen b4 HeavyD interview I did 2008 MTV awards. I told him I did that 4 me. He said it was 4 hiphop I sad I am hiphop
s/o to all my new followers....i appreciate the support!
We would, but we are at our following limit... I'm not sure how to get around that... As soon as we can, we will!
HAPPY EASTER!!!
december weekend may be better cause I don't think I'll quite be there that early in November
Third Grandchild on the way! its a Boy Connor Micael Baldridge
I'm glad you like it.
Next signing at 5 pm, booth 4134!
I'd participate in an #educoach book chat over the summer. : )
Kind of melty from being in front of my window all day, but it's still dark chocolate!
Took 15 minutes out of my busy day and played my guitar, wrote a country song :-)
RT i hungry // try food (no need to thank me...really)
there are services which use software transcription Voting record on each issue should be in a database.
I know right?!
unfucking real. but it isn't over yet. one win from the Stanley cup finals..hardest win to get. #lakings #Coyotes here is to Sunday!
High school is fun, but totally stressful! Tomorrows the second day and I'm stressed. #DontLetThisBeReal ah
send me a shout out i really need followers get me to 45 and i will be SO HAPPY
I'm kinda happy that I'm getting my braces off in 3 or 4 weeks!!!! :))
It is. But I'm turned off by its $20 price tag.
wine director Jamie McLennan is on his way to Publican to topple a seafood tower. happy birthday!
Great E21 breakfast meeting with , and heading now to for 9-11 interview en Espanol!!
Taiji 9 boats driving a pod of dolphins toward the cove.1 boat returned to harbor to prepare skiffs and netsTaiji NAZI AUSCHWITZ
WALK OVER TO MY HOUSE LIKE RIGHT NOW!
RT : "Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned."
I just need a break from everyone
You piss me off so fucking much... but I enjoy your tweets #iloveyou :) RT : Someone comfort me
morn friend !!
Chris Hansen featured that case on Dateline. Jerry Howe was able to do what our government "wouldn't do".
How fun! Yeah they seem super tough to make although of course he made it look easy today.
getting there sweetheart..keep checking back for updates ;) -<U+2665>ella
I am so there!Love this kind of thing. Wonder how you'll pull it off? LSP going to let you dig a pit somewhere?
Planters somehow figured out a way to fuck up almonds
argh, I almost managed to get them out the door, lol
why is Steve Wilkos trending? um.
'say you're the real Slim Shady.' 'I'm the real Slim Shady.' 'you're a liar!'
Had a dream that someone was trying to make me take a Spanish conversation class for no particular reason...
Please support me in my efforts to raise money for the Special Olympics as I run in the Lincoln Tunnel Challenge!
So not bringing mine ;) Are you coming!?!? We need to chat- stat! Plus, St. Pat's plans? Let's celebrate juntas!
excited about the schedule changes for matches coming up... is much better in the evening!!
I hope you had a great day. Did you get closer to your goals? Here's to a strong tomorrow :-)
I so hoped that they would make it, so sad. And after all that she went through.
Working at Smoke & Barrel in Ad Month. Come join me!
Certainly, the bell could be rung with a usinger's sausage. i'm a little worried about finding a musical-sounding meat, though
She's always rushing me!
I feel like cryin right now!
hell yeah that motherfucker is gonna buy me a new car.
What movie was it?
RT : The amount of pseudo-motivational speaking currently being presented as "social media expertise" is astounding and horrid.
Sitting w/family @ Actors' Playhouse 4 start of Madeline's Christmas.. Bring your family- support the arts. It starts w/our youth
Trying out today for a haircut. Let's see how it goes! :)
actually i might be able to transcribe it myself- it gives me something to do lol
Thoughts on the Andrew Shaw suspension? #ShawShanked #Blackhawks v
Why stop at women? Minorities too.
only when they're being naughty.
See you all in 2012!
See you at the Capitol tomorrow #WIUnion, if not tonite.
thats your little boo thing?
it is arguable that "authentic" is more important.
RT : Brain Teaser: he is going to make my house payment!
Merry Christmas everybody!
“Victory is sweetest when you've known defeat.”
sucks. I still have my Env!.
How did I go all this time without #madmen? My life feels complete again?
Hey #Bestie, hope they aint working you too hard today:-)
I will!
not sure that makes any sense. How is trying new things partisan? It's the best way to push yourself & to learn.
Ump did blow that call, but much worse blown call in previous inning at 3rd had cost the Phillies a run.
Thanks for the love, ! we do you can stop in for a bite and a drink!
NO most people as has been shown to you on my timeline do see past your line of BS
Hello new friend thank you for the follow! :)
yaaay :D Have a safe flight darling ^~^
that tweet makes perfect sense.
fwd that email on to whomever your good heart moves you!
Finally got to watch #LoveAndHipHop tonight.. Was waiting on this.
Living the dream every Monday at Call 4 Action. Other than that, I'm working furiously on my CL, resume and job searches.
it is one of our top priorities to protect the well-being of our valued patients! Become a part of the Kravitz Dental family: 954.430.4334.
Have you linked up with AS on twitter and pinterest? If not, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!
Thanks for thinking of me, I am definitely looking forward to it!
so for you not wanting twitter it seems like you like it haha. You use it a lot!!
Damn, that was a quick sell-out. Oh well. We need to do an type thing in Philly!
Sure, when they're below the 100 pitch mark.
I'm with u on Pryor he is good made some mistakes taking honerable chances but add his speed and made throws impossible to some
Happy Mothers day. To all the mothers and grandmothers, by birth, adoption, or association, out there, for all the love, care, patience,...
When the grass looks greener on the other side of the fence, it may be that they take better care of it there. ~ Cecil Selig
Lovely to see you here!!!!
Walking 18 tmrw morning sounds amazing
Aw, ditto!! RT Super productive afternoon. I thank coffee and 's company.
Got choir solo!! have high school show choir audition tonight! Now if my side will stop hurting... It will all be good
I love you too! (:
Dairy Queen = Texas Stop Sign
follow me please<U+2665>
Are you accusing your mother of losing her mind over the tea or the lesbians?
OH: That was the worst gasroom bath-station we've been to.
I hate having hay fever I can't hardly wear make up dammit
Ever bake kale with some olive oil, garlic, and lemon juice? No longer bitter, and a GREAT crunch like a chip!
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 20
The weekend went way too fast! Can't believe tomorrow is monday already:(
cause all their fans holler is how they did in the past not how they're doing now
Of course the dates are set statewide. It's not a local thing. BUT STILL.
good thing I don't have a garage! I just remembered him explaining his job to the Bobs and it is so what I'm doing this week!!
Lame ass sunday...waiting to get home and get started on my new mix..
i helped
Eagles "The dream team"?! Please! I hope they suck again this year :D
That America's Most Wanted is going to be good at 9:00PM East coast time tonight, ya'll better be watching,6:00PM West coast time!! Go John!
are there any events in
get the fuck outta tomahawk when i turn 18 i dnt wanna live in the shit hole forever i thought u liked r school
I try not to offend people & I thought a warning would help w/the context. ;)
OH: Can I grab one of the four chairs at a table set for four people? Me: Um... Really?
Watching a cool special testing sound at Stonehenge. Drum beats echo off the stones that can put you into a trance-like state
"I was never afraid of failure, for I would sooner fail than not be among the best." (John Keats)
has a show with ATB.
pain almost unendurable today.
Guess I need to look into it a little more. Tumblr is pretty good, but repost isn't quite as clean as comment.
what a way to lose for sd that obe stings!!
I was just stating in general lol
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay “Isn’t that a little dangerous?”
WASSUP EDITOR IN CHIEF. i see we both follow ... wooden teeth field trip?? please?
I am still alive and kicking but the beard is coming of Monday! Beach day soon?
Filming this week going hard!
damn wish i could smoke one right now!!!
I do not feel good at all today :(
I can't believe there's a recent poll suggesting there's a TIE between Obama and Romney among Wisconsin voters. #DNC, where are you?!
after hearing so much speculation, the apple tv announcement was kind of a letdown
": It seems like i have know body anymore :/" you have me!! (:
Ahh. A day off. Family time today.
Just noticed Joey Crawford is working the Clips/Grizz. So looks like the Clippers do have a chance to win.
Oh okay! Miss you!
be right back
>:U Narnia is to snowy.
How do ppl post things, with no punctuation? I can't read that! #Venting lol
Day 1 of #KaseyaUC in Vegas complete. Pool party tonight.
Chillen VIP @ the cubs game!
Is it just me or is playing Tetris right now?
go to el compadre on sunset I'm headed there now!
Need a new
Q2: Contact on Linkedin, etc. to see if they will schedule time to talk about the company-express interest in what the company does!
Thank god my children aren't on Twitter YET!
LOL the cheeseburgers not an orgy
You look so nice and friendly!
i hav a cuz who lives in San Antonio, TX
In Music Meeting LCD Sound System “Drunk Girls” well it’s fun a strong DEVO quality to it
While sitting at stoplight I was going 2 take sip of tea, realized there's a HUGE black fly in my cup! In March, in Michigan!!!
Sometimes I read Dylan Thomas poetry to remind me that it's all worth it.
what did you do today on the view. In seeing all these tweets. I gotta work so I'll have to catch the Internet recap.
bwahaha! You are 100% spot on.
SHOUT OUT 2 STREET SWAGG SUNDAY 4 FOR BREAKING "MY CITY.......ALBUM IN THE STREETS NOW!!!
I'm awesome... how you been... what's new?
I understand your feelings-I have similar myself- YET,this is no time 4 Dems 2 act like Repuglicans-dignity is required by all:)
jkjk <3 you know you the best in the game you>world :)
biggest mess iv ever gotten myself into
.: "Tom Verlaine is punk's deadbeat dad."
Thanks for starting the chain of connections.
Teaching my 2 year old baby cousin the boyz' names is like teaching someone how to fly...
Hey you should retweet me I heard you was really famous :3
just wrap yourself in paper, its all i need ! <3
ah! Well, , good chat! Definitely keep an eye on 's work Good stuff, lots of history!
We will for top tweeters! RT : You should give an award to the participant w/the highest klout ;)
thanks for the RT! :)
On his 42nd birthday, Hollywood's wishes #CalRipken would return to run #Orioles ... I wonder if he's seeing the Os in LA ...
Success doesn't mean that you are healthy, success doesn't mean that you're happy, success doesn't mean that you're rested
and 5 are that you're more sexy and hot ;D god change
thanks love you!
im trying to get 30 followers and i was hoping u would follow me!
basically we are good for the sake of being good. Not to mention we expect the same for others.
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Tim Duncan
THe thing is, now I feel encouraged to come up with certain jokes, because I don't like being told what I can't do.
*heart sinks* That sucks. Have you ever checked out Evernote? Keeps your data in "the cloud". Mobile, Desktop and Web - all free
guess so. But I would maybe tweet rich and ask him
Have a happy hump day, not a crappy slump day!
literally 5-6 ppl waiting to get on, he closes the door and pulls away. and you wonder why ppl hate your service. (bus #2073)
Make it 3 times! RT Lunch twice in 5 days already? Fabulous!
the 15 pounds you gain in your freshman year in college---lot of studying and sitting on your behind
Elway will be next to know after that...
Fun secrets re: how to operate and manage in a #ROWE let loose in the next book! Well, I'll let them loose, but not you...
Enjoyed a family dinner at Pf Changs. One of the few restaurants #Kman behaves very well.
Jolly Ranchers, man that shit be good as fuck
which course is that...
OMG! It's Prince! I love you Prince!
What, marketing with results? That can't be! www.zesmo.com
Very cool!
I could not maintain sanity without Tumblr.
OMGOSH!!!! You are speaking the words I've been living for the past week. I just STOPPED the coddling - and see how they run.
Need a W!
Private room in Stacked with my sister, cousin, and their friends c:
Celebrate the holidays with as they host a holiday soiree THIS Saturday, Dec. 10th featuring a Kelly Lane trunk show!!
Step #8: give up your need to impress others
San Diego #Labor Council leader Lorena Gonzalez told #occupysd that local labor unions stand behind the movement. Crowd is swelling.
Excited to talk today with #HBCU and MSI leaders about developmental education policy.
Hahaha. I'm fully expecting it to suck. But thank you!
I honestly haven't laughed that hard in..I have no idea. That HAS to be more exciting than any baseball game.
Who Stole Paris Hilton's $3,200 Absinthe-Spiked Birthday Cake?
Night twitter
Harlem World! $1100 1 bed, hit me up to view!
Gotta love the ABC commentator remarks on Texas' home crowd. "always remarkably quiet"
Head is killing me
It's kinda akward that the pizza man and chinese man are at my house at the same time. -_-
hot diggity dog!!
Get ready for Monday. A global call for #freeandfair elections in Congo and a
Toothless Eddie just showed up at Javas on Main Street in LeRoy!
read article on the Benefits of Home owning vs rent. The market is good for first time homebuyers.:-)
you're welcome! :)
I love when they make classic family games into movies. Like Battleship. And that Charades movie with Eddie Murphy.
what did y'all do until 12 am tho? smh
U do got me there. +1 for Paul A. RT I know, those 140 characters makes it a bitch to use an "i" rather than a "y".
Congrats on a final game of the season win, KINGS! I'd like to think that we had a hand in that with our special Purple firkin tonight.
I miss you back!
Kwell im bored now.
I am loving my life right now. New friends, new opportunities and a chance at a new walk with Christ. Thank you Lord for loving me so!
"The Real Cost Equation" and book "Why Does Higher Education Cost So Much?" By Archibald and W&M Economics Chair Feldman...
who r u?
Scroggy: "I look forward to performing mediocre work 100% of the time at IUS next year. Can't wait."
She needs to download the " Am I ugly App" because somebody lied
One day in Dallas/Ft. Worth. What should I see?
So much energy!
Best bday ever
Closing arguments in mental competency hearing for Daniel Butts. accused killer of Ranier PD Chief Ralph Painter. Will the judge rule today?
I have to agree with you there Zombies make everything 10x better :)
Just ran my brother over with my grandpas motorized scooter... Oh my god. Thank god someone was recording!!
I know where a Brazilian Steak. But we know how do CINCO DE MAYO! Drink specials, free food on the patio.wwwsalgrosso.com
lol is it bad that i hate the band of the kid im having a thing with?
Ross rec'd numerous awards for his efforts at bringing peace.
I'm down.
Had a great interview with ! Thanks again guys, sorry about the technical difficulties. :)
Congrats to the men's and women's bball teams on their awesome wins last night! Keep it up
i really dnt wear these
I guess that means I didn't win, I was still hoping and waiting to hear back!
We have shipped all of their orders. I would imagine you will see your order in about a week.
Fruitcake, hot cocoa, live band holiday karaoke...tons of holiday fun at 's Merriment Kick-Off Party! Come to Wisc/M St. 1-4pm!
She's starting next fall in 3rd grade. So excited!
watching some intense
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth. Benjamin Disraeli
See God in everything and you will fear nothing.
And by do stuff I mean cook and clean while Eric writes his thesis.
11 more days until my birthday! #hyped :D
Heading down to for a "Curbside Chat" from re growth infrastructure planning and design. If you see me, say hi!
I yield to
Mel Gibson's eyes are so pretty...
Never knew it took so long to make a milkshake....
Got my phone back :D Instagram: sebastian_napolitano
Don't miss 's Taste of the Holiday event tomorrow 12/6, all GSE students are invited! Free food from all over the world.
I'm not so sure I'm having fun - I managed to erase everything on it. Eeks good think i back up my library
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 49
I just texted you did you....Did you get it Jenny?
. I will stand with "Union thugs" everyday against Walker & the outsourcing corporate thieves
who dry??
Fun fact, aarp web team is agile based
slowly plowing through my inbox and to do list...Sunday is supposed to be a day of rest but I am so behind :(
Thanks: Amy Lou, ; Ross Mason, , Giovanni Gallucci, ; & for a great panel discussion last night!
Awful outing!
Roll Tide!! What a game Bama!!!
Parents...write your child a nice note every day and slip it in their lunchbox. I forgot one this week and got reminded. They really notice!
What's left on your Christmas shopping list?
Impromptu Events Decor... Where your dreams become a reality. Quality professional service at a smart price!!! 1(857)203-1690, call today.
Thank you. It made last week a lot better.
Your biggest competitor probably isn't another app. It's a pen and paper, advice from a friend, television...a life hack.
Super cool!
Being single doesnt necessarily mean your available Sometimes you have to put up a sign that says DO NOT DISTURB on your heart - Wiz khalifa
My husband and I will be there in May/June for our honeymoon!
I am growing tomatoes, bell peppers, and cayenne peppers, and jalapenos this year!
Anything specific, or just in general?
I would rather have my prize in a box of Crackerjacks be a turd nugget than listen to #smoltz and #glavine in the b'cast booth.
or slapping that pandora & iheart radio, lol..
Looks like it was Better WP Security that killed my site. It left some invalid entries in wp-config.php (at least). Restore removal fixed.
the cartoon is really good. Avatar, not Titanic.
oh my god angel your proposing to cody...:))
today isn't his Birthday. O.o
#GoTribe "when people go through an education system n emerge as faithful followers of a race, tribe or religion, such a...
agreed. Are you an Athiest? Or Agnostic?
Curious how many of you are using Pinterest?
Feels so good to sleep in. <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I love the cute BMW they gave us to drive while mine is being fixed <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
LOVED We Bought a Zoo!
Happy Birthday Bro! My present to you is being nice to you all weekend :)
Thoughts and prayers are with you. So sad for your devastating loss. :(
Once you fall in love with someone, you'll always love them.. No matter what the circumstance. That feeling will ALWAYS be there.
George Lucas directed redtails negro that shit gonna b cold
Cannot get Mango to load while in Shanghai. Missing my Chinese lessons.
My Excite
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire
Give an example of a project that turned out to be unsuccessful and how did you adapt
Couldn't agree more on this one!
Thank you everyone we have reached 100 Followers.. Lets keep it going!!
why are everyone stop following me?
Did a publication really print the headline "Lin is AMASIAN"? Wow.
who is there SuzieQ?
Finally reading Burning Chrome by Wm Gibson. Glad that he graduated to novels.
Got your bitch panties niagara falling
7:10 miniutes till #WizardsofWaverleyPlace! So sad this show will be over! RT if you will miss this show! <3 :)
personal business is ment for face to face or to just pick up the damn phone
i forgot my password and it keeps locking me out I want to connect to make some changes on my computer help
Amen to that! Hottie...
your welcome!!
Thats what im doing too.. im gunna be front row no matter what.
That was his too? I suppose it supports the apartments up the hill.
Josh Duhamel: BlackBerry's new "bad boy"
Never 4get where u came from :)
Mike Tyson bout to be my background
: Gotta change my twitter name to J.Anthony new changes new performances new tracks
Oh, Dear! RT : #ThatAwkwardMoment when Adele finds someone like you.
Its funny how you're complaining about it, but your not making an effort to do anything to change it.
So bored.
unfortunately people use shallow focus as such a crutch these days.
So sleepy! Bout to be the longest weekend I've had in a while.
Just saw some negative advertising...for a music history textbook! Part of me thinks that's tacky, part of me wants to egg them on.
I don't like Asian food, Italian food, Mexican food. I like chicken. Fried chicken.
I seem always to overdo casual attire at these things.
Ugh thts all bad
I like easy eats.
This waking up at odd hours in the night for no reason has got to stop. Grrrr.
cats are people, too
I also like movies that are considered bizarre, languidly slow / "nothing happens", and very silly b movies
Lol that fight was funny just cause she's your friend don't mean she didnt get her ass beat.
“Then from far away across the world he smelled good things to eat, so he gave up being king of the wild things.” – Maurice Sendak
I'd love to share a Starbucks® Caffé Mocha with
What about afternoon?
Came out of 19th St BART to the sight and sound of a helicopter hovering motionless over downtown. Ate at Flora with riot police outside.
I swear when i see a tweet from #oomf that im txtin or something at themoment i automaticly think they talkin bout me...lol RT if yu do that
If you work in an office building...challenge yourself a little today and take the stairs instead of the elevator!
Health Tips: throw away any supplement with caffeine in it!
Hunter and Lee.
ok so how do you put the D in it? *pause* the D in D.O.P.E. lol
Why the hell did add a blue background color? I can't stand reading with it. Can I donate and turn it off?
Olive garden. My fave. M
WORD TO MY MOMA IM WHAT THE DRAMA BRINGS JUMP OUT OF A HONDA WIT OSMOMABIN KING KONG CLIPSLOOK SHOOt AT IS BRAIN GOT THE GAME ON CHAIN
"We can make the Georgetown mobile presence maybe the best in the world." - CEO Andrew Yu
Should also work on you iPhone...lol
But consider that for some dogs, spinning two or three times is a natural behavior.
Playing with Peter Buck at Steamers tonight, also with Willis Clow and Dominic Thiroux. I love this band. Buck's Vibe! 8pm and streaming.
If 1 in 2 Seniors not online, how much creativity and optimism is society missing out on?
SHOUT OUT TO SHE IS AWESOME AND A BIG ICONiac YOU SHOULD GO FOLLOW HER LIKE RIGHT THIS SECOND!:D
is so cute :)
Never been this nervous. Lol. Lord help me
A would take my wallet from "OMG WHERE IS THAT CARD?! DID I LEAVE IT AT HOME?" to calm, collected, and organized
yea - I love it. On my coffee table :)
I think I'm going to send a pumpkin.
How lame!! This place won't let me in until 4pm :( & a side note.. My allergies here are killin me!!
and why the hell did you say eww?! Hahahaha
Damn Nolan almost had.that.hit..
#happyhanukkah from Peoples Flowers!
More takeaways... Caroline: It's not just your success, it's who you're taking with you.
Wow, that could have been a strip search.
for the one year anniversary! Come down and celebrate. Beautiful day for outside music!
I miss him so much, i cant stop thinking about him, idk what to do.. Cabt wait to see him, hopefully tomorrow
need my hair retwisted
I've heard great things about the Boose night life! *snicker*
Thanks for the RT!
Love these commercials. And the fact that they come with hash tags. So far I'm a fan of #Chevy and
I shouldnt be up rite now!?:/
I hate watching Carmelo Anthony play. I have zero respect for players that dont play the game the right way.
heey please follow back?
SO JEALOUS!!!!!! LUCKY SEXY BIATCH! MISS U LOVE! XOXOX
Don't throw me under the bus bc I will back it up and hit you with it
go to bed
still nothing from ! How are you?
Beautiful Stranger is still to this day the best pop song ever written, no contest.
How do you feel about people that pull for schools they didn't attend? I could care less as long as the person isn't pulling for Michigan.
lol I just ripped those stereotypes to shreds huh ;) I beat the COP! I should get out of any/all tickets for life lol. Thanks!!
He doesn't. “: And 4 lefties in the bullpen now. If Ohman counts as a major league reliever.”
Yu need to settle down.
whats up y'all?!
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that's okay, they know me there.
ICON sr. and hes not an ICONic boy no more/:
We got passion at our agency and ain't afraid to show it. We're sexy and we know it!
Lawrie out at home trying to steal against O's but, what an exciting play! Not many players try to steal home anymore. Love it!
Thanks for the note. I downloaded your song on iTunes and it's definitely going into my running playlist!
Outside w/the rest of the world enjoying the BEAUTIFUL view of the #LunerEclipse (Funny how God does things to bring us closer together)
how do I get a shirt
does she want your job?
Got my prom pictures :b I look pregnant, but whatevssss. X)
RT : Happy Mon! Breathe.. It's only a bad day. Not a bad life..!! =)
what beats did you like?
should be good
quater of my life gone by and i met all my friends online. im awesome.
Is all my tweets going to facebook LMFAO i tweet alot xD
The most amazing thing about you is that you don't know hoe amazing you are... To me
Speak up now for more fresh, real food in school meals! Submit your comment to the USDA.
Hillbilly gulf. Oh yeah.
Whats A King To A God ?
What I am going through right now applying for health insurance between ODS and shows how messed up and corrupt they are.
If people don't take your life seriously, they'll use that as an excuse to either lie to you or not be honest w/you.You'll realize ur a joke
woah, woah. I didn't think someone that boasts their Klout score would be comfortable with the phone?
yess, sometime this week I need to find out when I'm off.
I'm not in love. This is not your song.
when you gonna be there? I feel like we have already been over this but
That's cool, but I think I'd wind up playing "guess the facet name" or just use it as simple search out of confusion.
Great site! Do you accept guest bloggers? We'd love to do a guest post for you! The family is excited about this film!
What a horrible game!
yeah I know! You should feel special that you and are a part of that list!!
Man I'm tired af!
well I had to because mine lives 1000 miles away. Literally.
plop, the fans!! yeah, im talkin on fb.. n on utube..
Ah my stomach hurts :(
you inspired me. :)
I find it hilarious how this chick on Facebook is calling people whores when she has two kids of her own.
Did you know that --> taking the cancer drug capecitabine can cause skin to peel excessively, even to the point of erasing fingerprints.
Thank you for expressing concerns about #PIPA to ; please do not compromise 1st Amendment rights!
can we get matching belly button rings ?
I hear what you're talking about. You guys should record a round version like Frere Jacques.
lol, i know. I would have been up for but duty calls. I know its such a pretty day too bad i'm spending i at the library.-_-
Ate chicken nuggets from mcdonalds after the JB movie last night!;)
Looking for new media contacts check out to help with your outreach.
aww that sucks that you have to end it :( BUT I CANT WAIT FOR YOUR NEW STORY LOL
Yes! I finaally lost some weight :D
56 days is a long time!
Who wants to come watch the Flyers and have some beers ??
Hooray for passing the library tax! Good job, Pittsburgh!
Early friend to follow ,open minded,passionate,intelligent tweeter
r u a blondie??
and I just watched Joe Oliver on Word with #Lawrence O'Donnell.V called it a plane crash you couldn't stop watching!
The answer to yesterday's word of the day is, bereaved.
awww yea old tymes how can i for get
So dizzy.
: happy hour ends at 11. :(
I would like to just be whelmed in regard to workload, my to-do list & social commitments. Currently running on empty & not seeing a break.
Just sent the IRS a lot $...I hate tax season!!
"but'cha didn't have to cut me off, have your friends collect your records and then change your number"
yess okay for sure! ha (:
what to eat now uhmmm...
I welcome the pros!
You still have a few more days to stop into our store and get a Mother's Day gift. We're open until 6pm tonight and tomorrow 10am - 6pm.
hahahaa if you see me and alex missing during the ceremony... ;)
nope. We are having tacos. and the party guests are supposed to bring other food.
RT : Taking part to promote the upcoming #IgniteBoise #IB7 on Tune in.
Happy Birthday my friend!!! Wishing all sorts of new adventures this year! Don't forget to make a wish! :)
Dreamt that Ladyfriend was covering Hole songs, and Brooke Englin was our drummer! Weird!
we gotta be strong for each other! Fringies will survive no matter what. I'll just hurl abuse on other people :-)
Try and do do do errors will occur; learn and do because your bound to get it right
Out of the mouths of babes....lol
Congratulations to you too! Thank you for all your creative work on this project!
I really need a thirstbuster to quench my thirst...
No human wisdom or understanding or plan can stand against the Lord
Tempted to stop in to why I'm here
The day that I'm hungry they have no food smh
Thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking :/
"post my tweets on facebook?" hah. good joke(;
Do I have any followers who can help me with an invention idea, patent search, and to see if its marketable?
Her face look like a burger
To all my real friends an ny fam if u have oovoo in box me ill add u b real or b blocked HOW U DOIIII
your girl is on the couch watching dateline. Yup, I'm pretty cool!
well Maybe we can work something out! :) I'm sure your family won't want me staying there for a week or whatever. Haha
um no he's mine
:( sorry for Indonesia!
LA Locals - be sure to check out the release of "96 Minutes" this weekend!
Looking for a Records Specialist in Denver, CO. The Records Specialist will be responsible for performing records management program compli…
Currently in a line of cars to pick up my 3rd daughter from 1st grade. Need testosterone, levels are low, need 4 tickets & a beer!
At the #MLK parade in downtown #SanDiego. A little overcast, but the weather can't stop the energy & enthusiasm from this crowd.
TONIGHT Sounds by , let's go!
RT Am I the only one who thinks Don Draper actually wrote the commercials that John Hamm voices over?
your hair is beautiful.(;
Wonder if wants to move his wedding to Monterey so I can go to Internet Librarian. WHAT SAY YOU, DAN? ("No", I assume you say.)
These grass stains on my knees they wont mean a thing
Pain is the mother of change.
Sunday’s 1 Day Sale BOGOs: The Foam Company - God’s Country shirt, The Pet Shop - pig ear dog treat, Lighthouse Maui Café - Smoothie
“: cousins said he's gonna stomp on the bird in YUM” I WOULD LOVE THAT!!
Car don't you fucking dare die on me now. I need you for my damn job. Ill make you scale metal if you mess this up.
Aw, I Bet.
I got so much to say, Don't even know how to say it.
We're building a movement! So far It's me, online shoppers, , and and we support Sat. mail serivce.
you're a woman . <<< #SucksToSuck (;
We should refer to him as "Luc Baguette" in honor of Nic.
I'm pretty sure UK and SU are set in stone as 1 and 2. The conference tourney doesn't have as much weight as some may think.
you get to include SPN in your diss? No wonder you are excited to finish.
Hustler! I don't think NY likes me yet haha.
Robertson strikes out side in non-save situation in the 9th. Great start to bullpen by committee
Used Desktop a few times. Great interface. What's the optimum res? The text was unclear compared to the MCE or XBMC UI.
WHOA. Who you calling a wine-o? ;)
if I catch anyone with their face balls deep in my sweet tea their getting dropped. It just happened to be nibz mcgavin.
If only today was the day I wore my Willy Wonka costume to your birthday party...
Here comes the judge. Where is Pigmeat when you need him
priorities are important. And screwing is deff important.
Do you share to much?
#Question Who is your favorite D-Back?
Front or back?!?! Need car location....
You mad bro?! lol
RT "Sometimes a man meets his Destiny on the road he took to avoid it." From movie: The International
Goodnight Austin, your new Single was Amazing.(: Your voice is Beautiful.<3 So proud of how far you've come.^_^<3
Ailene Tisser talked sensory input/ core strengthening, Tammy Anderson/Cathy Ball talked "What to do when..." So many new techniques!
2.5 hrs solo in the rain/wind. surprisingly good ride. felt like a lowercase belgian.
cause people suck. Lol
our reservations are at 7:00
Perfect. Of course the coffee table I want is $1750
Steve jobs you did a grate thing by making iPhones! I love mine so much
any chance u will sing #DMB? My friends & I have been waiting for it all season & now u r tweeting , foreshadowing?
omg!!! that is hilarious well im sure u already have july's printed good for her sucks for playboy! go back to HOLLY!!
The people who leave comment on ESPN be so CHILDISH!!! smh
#RETWEET if you have those days where you just want to stay in bed and do nothing all day.
3 projects done in Cambodia, now we have two days of wrapping up, editing and exploring here before heading to the Philippines
Listening to from at
The sole of my foot is itchier than the soul of my spirit. And I have one itchy spirit.
Go Cokie! Go Cokie! *dance dance*
Thank you for the RT Christina!
Solid xc meeting today, looking forward to future! shoutout!
Finally made it to this gym
Ha now that's impressive. Well, I'm sure several C's fans up here would have zero issues with that.
Oh yes it is!! RT : But it's SO worth the wait!
Garden Ridge in Robinson is awesome. It's like an event planner's treasure hunt!
MERRY CHRISTMAS, ME
I see I'm gonna be on this Dreamchasers 2 for a while!!
Groovy. Keep us posted.
Just met with the folks at , very interesting service - worth it for every senior in Sedwick County to check out!
Absolutely Chris deserves 7 mil for putting up with her. In fact it should be more
ow me.is my dream <3 you are my ispiration
Going to Olive Garden with the family.
The All Request Episode will be up tonight!
Sitting in a bar in Ann Arbor drinking an IPA and listening to I may never leave.
Glad to hear it... I'm busy avoiding the Stuporbowl...
Marveling at how productive And groovin Jason Grote is!
Go to Wal-Mart, get a white button down shirt and tighty whitey underwear so you can do your best impersonation
Hi! I see you're a fly fisher. The main character in my rom-com, Little Miss Lovesick, tries fly fishing but she falls in! LOL!
it has been a long time. Hopefully, I will be able to come that way soon. R u guys doing any events during the summer?
I think I have a new favorite fighter. Unbelievable. From brawler to top notch fighter
someone please explain to me why the kardashians are famous
I see ya
Its a packed house tonight
I've had scale since Jan, It's great. Aria looks to basically do the same thing for a bit less money.
wassup , we makin it happen
yeah they screwed that one up
Hahaha. He eats burgers too. Or was that Wimpy.
no way - just an asshole in general!!!!
Vogel says Granger's knee is a "non-issue" but Barbosa (knee) will be a game time decision.
I want to leave.
Just received good news on patent processing. +1 for another tech gadget coming soon!
RT : And so it begins - conference marathon day 1 w
#sdmayornp shoulda had a twitter wall to take some q's
Right?! I made myself hungry with that one!
Thanks for RTs and mentions - they are much appreciated!
cool now for Waking The Dead.
Right on Jillian! I'll retweet sweetie. Good luck girl:) xoxo, Downtown Donna
Need a Red Hot Deal? Groupon's got it - 10 classes for $35! The only thing hotter than the deal is the room, baby!
And I promise I'll always love you, that I'll always be here for you, and that we will always be together.
"fuck iconic boys" as long as you dont mess with the ICONic Boyz.!>:(
That's my feeling about it. My idea is usually too young/nascent to merit "theft," benefits from the collaborative invention!
I like you.. a lot, I wish you knew and liked me too, but I don't think that will ever happen :/
hah im watching jimmy kimmel live & carrie underwood is on it singing Good Girl. it reminded me of [:
Better open your eyes. ;-)
Dinner at Stripsteak in with 5 dudes.. Is there a rose ceremony at the end of this?
is that ludicrous speed?
If you are suffering from depression or anxiety, don't wait, call for help. We offer confidential psychotherapy..
Wondering if lakers win championship this year
Trying to decide whether or not to spend $150 on these clubs.
When someone stares at you and you just sit there awkwardly, pretending like you don't notice.
they have already tried Miami. It didn't work out well
Thanks for comin out!!
thank you for starting it off right!
Sleepy dab
New yorkk soon & I can not wait !!
Thanks for stoppin' by today! I needed that hug.
I wish I was at #Cedarbrook golf course right now
...went to a party ha
RT Taylor gang or cut ur eyelids off and drink nyquil. -- very original
not a bg10 rule just most do it. It's a big east rule though.
After filling your day, going from shop to shop, fill up your tummy, with some delicious Wingstop. Have some brought right to your...
Only four more days to get your gift certificates and t-shirts for the pizza lover, who's on your holiday shopping list.
I wanna say the flyer will be up by next week.. No later than the 18th tho
Don't let your dreams stay dreams. Make them into something more.
In search of my mother<U+FFFD>s garden, I found my own. ~ Alice Walker
fuck you and your white girls
backup generator at El Paso western pipeline. It sucks!
It's raining. #AUPSteadyRain Opening was amazing. 3 more chances to see it.
love it! has espresso skills!
RT I bet I could beat a prius in a race y'all >not wit me behind the wheel lol
I hear that, what kind?
I'm only going to watch the #NFLDraft to see their blingin' watches.
So, if I don't want a Safari subscription but still want your ebooks am justified in stealing them if you don't sell downloads?
boys it's a little thing called faith and determination to know that one day we will win
TWEET TO GET FOLLOWED
I FUCKING MISS YEEWWWW. U ME AND LAUREN NEXT WEEKEND?! loveyoubetchh
oh my gosh!!! where is that at???
Just finished the second opinion consultation. Now we drive back, then I have the radiation planning.
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions. Confucius | Signed website job from a company in Iowa!
I Use To Sell Candy Making $80 A Day....I Was One Of The Best That Ever Did It Back Then....I Miss Those
Maybe I was born to support you ? <U+2665>
<< Check out our new fan page photo - you likey? ;)
lol dnt act she like 30 yrs my senior y wud i tell her that
Anybody know if is having problems with their website? I can't seem to connect.
I'm sure your tune had changed since tweeting this?
I just hope whoever plays them fucks them up, there all bitches and hartnells a punkbitch
My friends are fucking weird.
yes I'm down!!! We have to figure something out
is going on next!
hi. I just saw this. I miss you too. and yes we are hanging out soon. k bye.<3
but... is the moustache... ME?
Justin Beiber is coming for you >.> Lmfao.
Editing a blog is kinda like being an English teacher, but without grades.
Happy last day of finals! Final grades are due 12/21
omg my birthday ;)
Have u ever holla @ a chick & she started acting all fly in the air funny thing im a pilot I normally decrease their cruising altitude
omg I've always wanted to go there ! which one ? i heard the one in NYC is the best .
Tilapia, so good :)
Hey guys it's , I'm the new co-owner :)
We always did hard-boiled - but yes, we decorated eggs every year!
Keep ignoring me... I can see you're reading my text messages.
#HIRING - I have ACCOUNTS PAYABLE positions in Largo, #TAMPA, AND Brandon. $end #Résumé to
of rogue nations, especially those in the Arab world. We need a president who will also stand with our Middle East ally, Israel.
Kinda, sorta wishing I didn't sell my Coachella ticket after Arcade Fire and Mumford & Sons' Grammy Performances.
forget where do you live not to be mena but for real
morning Dana.
the cheer clinic thing
Appt made at student health, maybe soon I'll stop whining?
we'll try our best to soon :)
Yo my hand is still hurting from Saturdays game... Smh...
Animations still not done...Grrr. Gonna send a polite txt to our Art Director.... "PPPLLLLEEEAAAASSE Finish!!!"
Shathea ass almost killed me and sht !
Congrats ! RT : Godden only candidate endorsed by MLKCLC, consideration of others postponed."
Music is a way of life..... A release, a treat, the experience of the world..... what's your tune?
Feels like summer
"He looks like a Telletubbie." says in reference to a certain young boy.
Least Surprising Headline Award goes to NYT for "Troubled History Emerges for Suspect in Oakland Shooting"
planning some awesome surprises :)
not funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I am not going to school tomor yea boy
acupuncture weight loss treatments mainly aim to suppress appetite and assist in acquiring the lifestyle change to maintain healthy weight.
Hush, my darling ... be still, my darling. The Lion's on the phone.
RT : Delsym, steamed veggies, steamed chicken, and white rice for dinner. Followed by benedryl for dessert.
ALSO WE HAVE KIRKO BANGZ AT IBIZA JUNE 6TH GET YOUR TABLES NOW BEFORE THE PRICE SKY ROCKETS CALL 202-200-7627
Alright fuck. Somebody describe an honest relationship to me.
butt pillow?
Thanks. I'm trying. Dinner was tough. I wanted to go back for 2nds, but didn't. I can't wait to hit the gym.
Thanks for stopping by WUWM! We really enjoyed listening to your in-studio performance again!
Gym TIME!! After fucking/sucking&& licking dicks!!
Ravens fans really going to hate Colts now. We stole their team, defensive coordinator, players...now we send them Caldwell and Painter?!
in this case they most certainly do!
Racked up shawty.
haha love me some digital wizardry...you better tell me if u see a fire boat!
i miss how austin used to tell us everything that happened everyday and now he randomly posts Just landed in LA! (Example)
Houston, we have a problem.
Awesome!! Love this!
Don't forget to call the MUNCHIE EXPRESS on your Thirsty Thursday!
Therapy = tweeting
I swear the same people annoy me on here on a daily basis telling me every single bit of their life story
People need to get over what said about Toronto. Hes right. There isnt ANYTHING like the Ralph. Not just Toronto.
Please contact me for ADAAA/OFCCP/AAP training. What companies do not do will cost them! Market share and fed. fines. :(
Solid weekend of gigging. I know I'm doing the right thing in life when I wake up in the morning and want more.
when do you go to Ozark? This week? Next week? Can't remember.
ok, yeah, thats what i meant.
Award winning >>> How was the big bash??
You'd make that play.": I'm glad Ramirez is at 3B this year, but McGehee and Green both make that play. #Brewers"
Mitch Williams on MLB Netwotk pointed out that Chipper hit balls over 900 ft in that last at-bat.
September is officially over! No more weddings or other weekend time-suckers til Dec. Bought 2 bottles of champagne to celebrate! Ooah-ooah!
lmaoo me too!
For you who thought #WIrecall is now the reason for lost jobs, remember that turned down millions that would've created jobs.
Nick Saban!!!! Final Statement.
I loved that rant on O&A about the hometown thing. Hilarious.
O la la la diamonds are a girls best friend
"If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball."
Remember when Roy Jones Jr. could fight? Knocked out in 1st rd. by some stiff last night. Sad.
Why were u fired from #TheGameBET??? What r they smokin'? It was originally your spinoff! Welp, won't B watchin nxt season. :-(
Its Wednesday!!!! 3 1/2 weeks of school left! 20 days left!!!
Going to see Wicked the Musical tonight!!!
Politicians seek power, not ideals. Pursuit of power threatens Tech evolution because it conflicts with political control. e.g.
About to see deerhoof in 1 minute. Yes!!
I'm on your side!! Good luck & have a blessed a happy Thanksgiving!!
i did(: hope you're having a good day too<3
when are you leaving?
I saw the recent Ancient Aliens episode on the Dinos. Thousands of rocks with pics of people together with Dinos, even riding! WILD!
So, see you at #primeroast on June 2nd?
No rest needed. I'm seeing some sick punk bands @ The Rosebud tonight like A Minor
loved the Hulk series!
Studying for the test actually paid off! :D
weres that at ..
Moving a lot of used machines these days. If you have anything to sell or looking for a used machine to purchase, call me! 888-BRAUSSE!
Ah... ok. That'll be cool for sure.
Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.
RT : MT #bloomingdaledc farmer's market starts again May 13th, 10 am!
Now tuned into !!! Biggup !!
no he had to work his other job today..dont assume where i'm at lol
I hope pettitte pitches when I'm in new york
You can row ACROSS the ocean & still be scared of a roller coaster? Nice! Or...maybe Barry's freak out is not what I think it is?
Breakfast: Good time for Sriracha? Or BEST time for Sriracha?
that's fucked up. The only place to drink wine is in church?
Watch another piece on SCAN on KCPQ 13 News at 10pm tonight (also airs on channel 10 at 9:00).
Schedule away! :)
Hey darlin'! Don't ask such leading questions, lol. I'm working on a new cover for To Protect the Innocent. Need your opinion
The is a delicious treat to have on a hot day after a quick air brush tan.
-- Thanks for the mentions! Have a great week!
Your Team is playing Today @ Joe's..........Come out and support them!!!!!!!
has some really amazing photo albums in its Western Americana collections. Spent the day working on some. Pretty fun.
It's been a while. Help me out - where's the "like" button here? :) RT For bigger projects...it can be helpful to wait.
happy Mara Monday:)
absolutely...good stuff...look forward to the vid I did with
CASTING BEAUTY QUEENS SEPT 26 FROM 9:00 TO 1:00PM IN TEMPE AZ LOOKING FOR ALL AGES pass this on
and then I realized you were just lazy -__-
I love the man who can smile in trouble, gather strength from distress and grow brave by reflection. - Thomas Paine
I'll keep my eyes peeled.
that is hilarious. Thanks for sharing.
Just intv RG3's family they say they can feel how much Washington wants their son
I LOVE YOU Justin hope you get better im praying for you!! <3
You obviously don't remember when it would be monsoon season in the valley and sunshine and rainbow happiness in downtown Juneau
Virginia REAL!
At UTEP, feels weird not having to go to class, study, or have papers due. Oh well! Come to the show tonight! Commonwealth, 1030!
You name of good organizations - What about the packers?
appreciate response but very disappointed.Will be going to for future flights,one too many bad experiences with you
Amazing read.. you won't be disappointed!
Well he ain't THIS Allen West! If he were you'd have left him a long time ago.
let me check this for you. Can you tell me how many people and are you wanting to come out for the Ludacris event.
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece
#TomAndJerry Boy do I remember just laying down on my bed as a kid and watching a mouse and a cat beat the shit out of each other :D
#globaliq campaign kick-off Stay tuned in LA, Miami and Dominican Republic
Ice storm knocked our power out overnight and I woke up frozen!! Ugh... Back on now, though. Thank you, PECO!!
I'm so happy the rain stooped. Happy 4th of July everyone.
MT“: Pres. Obama's public schedule tomorrow: four events, all fundraisers" How much is it costing me as a tax payer?
I've seen that YOLO before,can you tell me what is that?
maybe in select early showings, but not released nationally
Do u get a notification evertime I favorite your tweet?
where in San Diego are you located? There should be some magazines left in Pacific Beach at the shops and bars!
Homie be like let me hold some cuz; I'm like nigga you grown; homie like cuz we ain't nun but 13; I'm like fucc that got to do with me lmao
MT Dems put out release attacking Mourdock on Social Security, Medicare, jobs. That didn't take long
Yeah. Okay. Well.
Owling will begin when arrives at
nope I tried to tell you one night to stop & you just kept going! haha
the Disneyland Modern Family episode was so funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Favre, just for the excitement (even though the disaster potential is huge too). Of course I might be biased.
that sounds like the greatest countdown ever!!
: I want to become 's Community Web Producer! Recommend (mention) me in a Tweet to Tks in advance.
awwe poor baby, i'm sorry.. ):
Let's see what will happen tomorrow...
Woohoo! Dr. Hadley!
Ughh I have math homework that I didnt doo and im going back to school tomorrow:/
Thanks so much! If you need a ticket to our show on the 16th - let us know, we have a bunch still left. $10!
I became convinced that non cooperation with evil is as much a moral obligation as cooperation with good. ~Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr
Hey now, we've got to make it rain somehow.
we've got plenty of bandwidth, what we don't have is a willingness to adopt from without and we have way too many regulations.
Happy Mother's Day to you Moms!
Can't stand you, Benitezzzzzz
Thanks, Bryan.
how do you think unc will be with out marshall? bobby frasier has experience, but he is no marshall.
So sleepy and hungover at work, plus a little bummed. Thank goodness for One Direction on the new cd at work!
I cant believe you stood and me up last night
haha you must be a loser too since your talking to one :p
if you purchase general tour tickets online do you have to print them...or can they be picked up at will call?
I'm for sure getting a hedgehog, but who is gonna take care of it when i deploy? : /
Cannot wait for Teen Wolf season 2! Too bad I leave for vacation the day before it airs...
McDonalds trip for SST on the way to our show!
I keep keeping on just to keep keeping on. I have no reasons. I have no aim. I am the runner. I live to put what's ahead of me behind.
please traffic just let me get home already<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
has the same problem RT : Needless to say, I couldn't stop eating
#nf appreciate the follow....
can't wait for wrestlemania!
I should always return to twitter to find the two of you discussing sci-fi, my failings, and pop racism.
Do it! :) #genesiswp is such a solid foundation to build on.
I want to see Kennan Thompson do a Jacob Lusk impression.
You see things; and you say, "Why?" But I dream things that never were; and I say, "Why not?" --- George Bernard Shaw
Jazz and NPR always remind me of my favorite bookstores... you know who you are.
I hope she wouldn't set fire to you
you've got my vote <3 you are AMAZINGG!!
Didnt eat lunch so I'm headed to Subway
Watts, spin that "Someday" by Scarface w/Faith Evans...my mom loves that song!!!
awesome ... will try to swing by this weekend!
Sometimes you have to forget how you feel and remember what you deserve.
My last tweet is for you! :)
good morning Percy. I try really hard not to miss them!
you've been playing amazing!! Keep up the great work
Anyone other than tweeting at the Residency event?
There is a special place in Hell reserved for musicians who uses autotune to distort their voices in songs.
Pirates sometime this weekend?
See you tomorrow night at the big Robot Party!!
Dear Walgreens: when I need to wait in line at your pharmacy for 20 minutes, fuck you.
Hey graduating seniors! We want to hear your success stories (jobs, grad school, etc.) Email .edu
I'd ask u to use chortle in a sentence but you just did, and my mind is still blown.
this weekend? Wish I could, but I'm on lockdown! Lol I got some projects to start for school!
#nba I remember showtime 80's 90's when the players played for the game and not for the money Shaq Kobe Lebron destroyed the game
On the way to School , Pretty Late . But , Oh Well Ima G Lmao & Todays Friday <U+263A>
Every rep today felt like I was lifting tons of weight. Tired and low energy.
#Colbert 's Lorax poem was pretty good
sounds interesting
thanks for joining us today. Team roots.
#idol - Phillip's wasn't the greatest vocal but was so freakin' cool. So fun and just flat out sweet.
I just registered for the Chicagoland Unconference for 05/31/2012. It's the best $20 I will ever spend.
Wyndham Vacation Rentals Announces Savings in Honor of Mother&#39;s Day
okay, probably a little bit in a weird way.
All I will say at this point is its a first step in bringing BC to one of the fastest growing communication platforms.
I HOPE YOU FOLLOW BACKK:) PLZ FOLLOW.. I <3 Alex!!
he does. Omg. I wanna cry cause I want one
thanks for ff. hope things are well with you
Love the orange tie.
Thank you all for the #ff love. We appreciate it.
oh my god my house
I'm for shark fin bans immediately to curb the problem but ultimately more stringent fishing laws
you know it!
INDICTMENT,macroeconomic doublespeak+COGENT EVIDENCE,exponentially grow’n interest payments= RESPONSE,tax break decreases
Yes we are throwing a party.
Word of the day: Ecumenical (adj) - worldwide in range or applicability; universal
thanks for the mention!
Seems like half of Chicago was in town tonight.
After hours @ Archer. Working on our new website!
Get me into the French toast business.
RT If we all threw our problems in a pile and saw everyone else's, we'd grab ours back.
Ritee Broo! There aintt No way NY gunna be hot from 3 point range all game! & we dnt Quit no matter what tha score is!
The things going through my head . . .
no no just over hearing so much of the same thing finals and haven't been to class in months. Ha
know what? I do miss bindis.
in my room but leaving soon
Yes it is lol
I love when God gives me peace over things my brain wants me to worry about.
tweet tweet..:))
Agh. I got my Jay Shaw Kill List on ebay for only $20 more than the sale price. Got lucky
haha goodnight! and its not your fault! I'm an
Oldie but goldie! Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
RT : TONIGHT! Japanther / Vacation / Unstoppable Death Machine / Two Hand Fools / The Fucking Cops $7-- 8 pm
no surprise, acutally behind many locals and states, took time to get up the chain
if you are going to buy some wine soon I recommend Cabernet to add to your collection
We may have missed our meeting opp. with - on pins and needles now, hoping the timing works out.
They are all sexy. You know it. Especially
I hate going to clubs but there r these casting n networking things going on there, get ready for the headaks, pain.
's has definitely earned a spot in Favorite New Country Star's of 2011... On the Way!
Nada surf in Chicago
guess that's a different colored feller eh? :)
Thanks for the RT. Do you have any food recommendations for February or Valentine's Day?
thanks for following! :)
Great running into Berkley from at the #GeekWire launch, even if he DID go with another studio. ;
Theme of the summer: nonchalant?
RT : if #barrypalin2012 gets just one vote .. mission accomplished.
exactly...you can't....if you do....ima find you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
its hard to imagine!
You only live once right ? Why not make it count! I will never live in regret =)
Smart grid community building initiated...countdown...
WHAT is with the dang helicopters buzzing College Hill???
#foodiechat with is always a fun time!
RT : RT : Contribute to authentic conversations in an authentic workplace. Speak the truth as you see it.
I luv Criss & mind freak! Was so excited to see #believe left very disappointed. I was hoping for more magic less talk
nothing like spending my saturday morning studying for my final on monday
Tebow to the #Jets and Sean Payton suspended for the entire season? Twitter just exploded.
On TV a woman who clips a thousand coupons, spends 6 hours researching each trip to grocery store. Result: one hell of a lot of free mustard
What's Up twits LOL
Sorry I party..
Tomorrow is the last day of my quarter woot woot...then i get to chill...I'm half way done
I hate waking up and realizing that I fell asleep on you. :(
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Conecuh, Escambia & Monroe Counties until 02:00 PM
Hope my supervisor took ah picture of the car
And the WINNER of our first Sassy Nails giveaway is....(drumroll please) ~> Alicia Woodward! Stay tuned for your next chance to win!
your beautiful! <U+2764>
Think I'm getting sick. Faack
in the parking lot alone with my thoughts...never good.
Hey there, Steven... good to meet you.
Fun and different
YOUR an amazingg friend to
models poppin' bottles
So sweet, thanks Andre. : )
Millionaire? I'd assume. Many times over? Hmm, not sure about that. Maybe. Not sure how much he got from Buffy merch.
Reconnecting with exes are funny....Dude just told me I was his first love....I wanna laugh but..If you say so..... I'll take it....
I won't be at school today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7> I'll miss you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
I mostly feel better than I did on Thurs, I just have an irritating cough now.
An Aries? HAPPY BIRTH-MONTH!
dont tell me serious shit when i'm sleep! odds are IM NOT LISTENING!
Just got home from hanging out with 's own and :-)
Happy Mothers Day! Enjoy your day!
The countdown to #ALA11 has started. I am so excited to be attending this year. (Happy face :) and dancing snoopy with nose in the air.
Broken Feet. We have cracked the code!
I'm more surprised that the bottle would still be full coming from vegas.
I LOVE U MORE TODAY THAN I DID YESTERDAY BT NT MORE THAN TOMORROW:-) I KNOW U SMILIN CUZ IM TALKIN TO U#LOVETWEET:-*
Never too early for #tacos... We open at 10AM!
I'll buy you one in NC. Lodging is super cheap, too. $23/34 for double/single room if you stay in the dorms
I am from Brooklyn, NY, so we could not have many pets, but I always had at least two dogs. - Connie Stevens
It would violate Title II of the ADA / Sec. 504 to tax property medically necessary for a person's severe dev. disabilities
Hopefully my neighbors can't see in my room cuz I'm standing here naked, I'm not trying to give an old lady a heart attack haha
This game is in the bag !
INDEPENDENT ARTIST SEND IN YOUR MUSIC TO FOR THE "INDEPENDENT ARTIST SPOTLIGHT".
maybe start with --disk-cache-dir=/dev/null when working on dev and not when working on prod?
youve never gone to have a snack and then the whole things gone??
These pillaging crows are a big as cats. Flying cats. With giant knife faces and a frighteningly diligent work ethic.
Geeks Who Drink!
but I bet she's got a sweet bod.. Pics!
Hanging at camp with besties funn eating breakfast not suppose to have my phone out oh well
SO PROUD OF U GUYS!!!!! U are some of the most beautiful dancers I've ever worked with. Honored. Keep it up Xoxoxo
Dm me your number : )
One good "Follow" deserves another...or Get a "Follow", Give a Follow. Now Watch ur Timeline Grow. (just my spin on "Twitter Etiquette")
Holiday trivia: What was the main course for Christmas dinner in Whoville?
Shot some hoops with the grandsons. Finally snuck it in. Back to work.
OSHA is targeting Commercial Printers. Talked to 2 today that were required to add guard packages on die cutters.
exactly my point
thought about #somf sucking up helium at prom & yelling lol . got a good laugh
You were clearly a shining star. S'ok. I thought crayons were "crowns" 'til age 5.
You wouldn't kill women in fetal form, but you would strip them of reproductive and bodily agency as adults.
kissing a chick with music playing in the background is fun as hell
Hey girl Im in ATL doin it up make sure you text me the date you leave so I can get you some things.
So glad I am not alone :) I can go cross-eyed looking at fonts long enough
I hate it when someone breaks up with you for the stupidest reasons!!!!!!! (I'm to city like)
Listening to The Black Keys new album and single, and watching the awesome video.
Has right now... Lol.
So there really ARE otakus out there who are TOTALLY sheltered from the world!
I'd go see Stooges with you! Btw, going to the movies alone is the best!
It's like you emebarras your self if you say something yet you embarrass yourself of you don't.
Ah, I'm sorry, man. That's terrible news. :-(
Just cause you said it, just cause I heard it, people say crazy things
Finally, I can grade.
Already been up an hour. Damn u Mr Army
is hosting dinner time for Premier Lofts this Wednesday w/ ! Win #FREE tickets with your #FREE dinner!
Buddha's my relaxer, 3rd eye open like red couch, disaster.
where we chowin down tomorrow
Its sometimes hard not 2 say 1 of ur favorite movie quotes cause its a sore spot 4 a close friend but I need to share tonite
Special Announcement for the International Pageant coming soon!!!
Yikes..huge mistake for Mr. Brady
don't hate the celtics boo... U no we only got a couple years left... If that lol!
Get ready, 'cause this biz is gonna get BADONK
Imma try to go tomorrow too.
Brother: "there's a black lala loopsy with blonde hair.." Aunt: "What's her name? ....Sista loopsy?" xD
Robert Shiller UK is in trouble due to another GDP decline and continued AUSTERITY, headed there next wk for a talk
Oh just cruising hollywood...no big deal
“: or Michael Douglas with a duffle back in a dress shirt and tie. #fallingdown” lol lol
Thank you! I was in the hands of and she is one darn talented photographer.
Smoked out at Smokeout
It wasn't the link, it was my mood. I'm sorry.
The Chosen ONE killing....
come see me at work tonight :D
So tired..sososo sleepy..thank God I didn't go to night school, I'd be exhausted! Time to catch on some
When a girl thinks that she's better looking than she really is. <<< -__-
ahahaha you know me so well.
Thank you! THe same to you!
I've only recently started reading it??? I never thought I'd start liking it
Sick of people who constantly talk about how great they are..
GET AT ME ON MYSPACE.COM/MAGIKENTPROMOTIONS FOR MORE FLYER INFO. DUECES
I thought so :-)
Just me and my guitar all alone in an empty house. My soul lives for these moments
'how do i reach these keeeeeds?'
Time to write some cool words... Yup.
YEAH, who know...People here are not happy about this....
RT Never underestimate someones ability to find out the truth.
Organizations can now sign up on National Lab Day! www.nationallabday.org
cats are fucking gay.
thanks for the hat tip... --dd
Is it bad that I'd rather play guitar than write these days?
omg Yes! Shaun im soo hype for this you dnt even know!
Now it's hard to believe we were ever friends at all.
lol i know it.
Please see my earlier retweet :D
Just write the darn blog post, and see what sticks!
Okay, I need a shower after that one....
Told you their jeans suck. I hate the way they nip in at the waist -- Mom jeans in the worst way.
Not even close to being true. The NFL will be on.
Saw ' s sister working at wing daddys :)
if you can't think of something mean to say, say something nice and pretend thats what you were thinking the whole time
Not getting Shanahan is blessing in disguise.
Could be I'm reading 'The Red Tent' and read 'The Vagina Monologues' yesterday... Haha, any and all help is much appreciated!
Its a titty bit nipply outside, but its Friday so I'll try and make the breast of it
just doin my job
Have a great weekend! And thanks again for the sound advice you gave me when I was between jobs!
Day well spent helping out at Taft elementary. Just wrapped up
Not sure if I follow your definition of empowerment, but I agree that we must return to our true past in order to move...
Picking up this Tipping Point by Malcolm Gladwell. I'm late I know. First time I heard the tipping point was with The Roots album.
I hugged a tree once! It gave me hives. Who knew I'd be allergic to incense cedar?
#latin quote of the day - Inter arma silent leges. "In time of war (Among arms), laws are silent."
I took 7 hrs on my math exams lol. But at least its done and over with ( :
Check out my Blog called The Mute Generation in www.Mojosworld.net
Give me a chocolate cupcake he says with his adorable smile & there i go to fall for him -___-
Headed to bootcamp with after a week of no exercise. NY was a work trip but I played! This is gonna hurt.
And put a pool in the back.
Duplex property in Clermont going on market this week.
Got a video yanked off utube before I even uploaded it.
Wow. Thank you SO much for the tweet to the Warren video! I am humbled. CC
Broke down and purchased the Future of the Left album.
Slash had a mountain lion named Curtis.
yeh it's been like a whole mess lmaoo are yu gonna be with Emma?
Sidenote the FB group is over 100+ girly girls, We love you all on twitter but question some of your motives. I'm looking at you pornbots
I love weed and i like alcohol
you turned into a pretty BIG waste of my time. :)
happy hour is a good deterrent from doggie searching...
Can't wait to hear abt them! RT : TechStars Boulder starts tomorrow. Psyched to tell you all about our 12 amazing teams!
Oh this is gonna be tough
<U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] From the look of the cold, lifeless bodies shuffling across campus, Dead Week is in full swing.
GET HOOKED ON THIS
Twitter obviously hate us, thats it. WHY YOU DOING THIS TWITTER?....
I didn't have any
It's hilarious, right?
1. Recognize how I may have bullied others. Forgive myself & make amends. (Pls RT)
Very Happy, Following more wonderful people. Life is Good! :-)
#Quote2SpinBy <U+E148> The more you Give ~ the more you Live ~ Lori Moreno RT
Im tired as fuck
we are the kings of driving. “: Always driving long distances with ”
The hockey assist from George Lampard was niiicceeee!!
Pierce perfect from the line, keeping the C's ahead.
I smell so delicious.
Voice recognition software for consumer dictation
We wish we could eat your ACL when you turn gimpy.
The only clamps Dartmouth owns are used for herding cats and removing tenured chairs.
Bradley says its me. Oh shut it! RT : hahaha. I love that it's in Milwaukee. I wish she worked at schwanke's haha.
Palmer has 42 secs to close the score.
Cheers! RT Shout out to for being named one of the top 5 #sportsbiz handles to follow by
Intersession hours are underway: open weekdays 8:30am-4:45pm. closed on weekends and holidays until the semester starts, Jan. 23.
One day until opening day. Two days until nobody cares about the Orioles until next opening day.
Me And Mr.Wrong Get Along So Good..
tell your man to hmu
#ComplimentSomeOfTheOppositeSexDay is very beautiful and has amazing eyes :)
shit I bought GSK off Amazon cause fuck Apple.
Excited about presenting at BLOGWORLD this weekend! If you're at the LA convention center, come see me pitch Muggs on the 5th!
Love the RasTrent. Thanks for the reminder.
Goodnight sweet dreams<U+2665> Oh and im sending you and some mail tomorrow(:
Hey! Yes I did.
True. However it does come off rather negative and aggressive. Just sayin. And I'm not talking about just one person.
Will give u a call tomorrow. Would be cool to catch up.
OMG. My husband, Ryan is obsessed with !!!
Me? But I'm just a little girl who'd rather wield a sword than meet a prince. I would never!
Forget your troubles they are all in the Past. And the people that Hurt you, they were never meant to Last.
funny thing is i know your not <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
you're heartless, as dead as chivalry has ever been. get the fuck out of my life. i have this feeling about you, the light in the shadow
And Kennedy snipes one top cheese! Pens are on the board! 2-1 flyers.
I DID NOT OMG
"I'm weak and anyone you keep on a pedestal is always right."
Im so awkward today aghhhh
Yes, "synergize" is acceptable for humor purposes.
Thanks for following.
Its MY LIFE. Not urs. So imma do what makes ME happy because im only living one life and thats mine , not yours.
Amazing cinco!!! Time to go home and pack for Chicago. No need to sleep..
Smells like summer or at least late spring
Pictures please!
lmao. All class..
what about the less politically correct version?
statistically speaking its pretty close.Do u think about bunting more if weaker hitters up?Of course I do so not a bad play
Its hot in Des Moines, IA today! Great day for a ball game or round of golf!
it's all true. “: so Klout says you are influential in SHARKS, GAMES and BEER. LOL..”
You RTd a RT of you. Nerd.
WooHoo, playing Green Day on the radio! I love Green Day!
New FilmBernco Website is in its final phase. Locations, Vendor Directory, My Blog, Talent Data Base and much more!
will you follow me?
I really need to copy a smart person's work!
I think Lawrence Taylor is at Sam's Club checking out in the isle next to me.
Be sure to follow
Study hall is hot a'f !! And now the powers out so no fans !! D:
Thank you to everyone who came out for a romantic sushi dinner last night!
experiences & practices.
Heading out to see #DecadeOfDominance Spoltlight event
very funny haha
Sex ant beta thn love!!...
Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony getting a divorce?? Shocking!!
catching up on last week's episode of Bones!!!!! so good.
Iron Throne
Red Wings are going down this time, its the Pens year.
see you there!!!
I love this article. We actually puree veggies in our sauces for pasta and such. Lil man never knows :-)
If that doesn't work, get outside and go for a walk, take a deep breath and CHILLAX!!
Hahaha !! Get it Tatted RT:“: Pussy with a whistle.”
Jammin to oldies with my pops! >>>>
Alabama just finished and now the wait is on for at #stagecoach!
I'm so sorry for not being on twitter in a while. I'm so sorry! RT if you forgive me! <3
i followed you back..your ...your ....GORGEOUS. but ugh i hate that.
Some people are so ignorant.
puppies are here! well, still coming. so excited, we're getting our baby so soon! yes. <3 let me know if u want details & who to contact!
so smooth like a Gillette commercial
so sweet.
I thought PR stood for puppetry relations ;)
My wallet prefers the library card! RT : September is also National Biscuit Month..can a biscuit compete with a library card?
Great trip with the wife but it's always great 2get back 2the ATL. Hope to see you this week at MidwayMBC as we celebrate Christ
S/O TO ALL MY FALLOWERS ESPECIALLY THE NEW 1S...CHIEFN
About to fall asleep and Chemistry hasn't even started. Oh, joy
OK !! :) seriously, idk who wouldn't want to go lol we get free food/beverages all day long in the VrznSt. we are
totally! :D
good :) atleast your not as deep as i am.. Im here for you always.
Happy New Year! I'm trying a new technique 4 a watercolor fused glass vase.
"The difference between TRY and TRIUMPH is a little "UMPH"! ~ Sheila Mowatt" Thanks
Closed up house on Fire Island and I am headed back to NYC to wait out Hurricane Irene. I will be on the first boat back out here on Sunday!
back in Brooklyn at Bruar Falls tonight! let's hope our doesn't get totaled this time... 8pm sharp!
Can I vote on your marriage?? I feel you'll produce hideous looking kids.
I remember them
You brought syrup but no pancakes lmfao shits funny
Will the #ESPN #LonghornNetwork destroy college football like so many are saying or the #LHN not that much of a threat?
: bday is almost here
oh yea i was lol
Headed to work .... 6 days til probation is over can't wait
M...who doesn't? I just started watching from the beginning, now that it's streaming. Hadn't ever seen it before.
Two nightmares last night: accidentally given unwanted neck tattoo instead of back piece. Late for plane, eternally running through O'Hare.
I don't need to be the center of everyone's attention, just yours
your guys April 22nd show at the Rave in Milwaukee. Mom won't let me go cause 21+ older can drink! Any suggestions?
good luck boy!
This is not the type of feedback we want, and the fact that you were treated poorly is not acceptable. DM'ing you now.
I forgot to remind myself about St. Patrcick's day this year. Isn't that sad?
Thank you Gayle!
Lost my 13 service hours... Well I'm screwed for leadership!
Yes. Against Colgate. Winner faces Duke/Syracuse
thanks for intense conversations last night
Haha! He's do cute! Bring him in if you want! Office mascot!!
I didn't because MTA watch twitter too but I could let you know some really interesting activity here.
Glad that the #fantasyfootball tiebreakers on #ESPN are in my favor. Two weeks of football and still tied. But I win!
Rice Alumni: #savektru Tell the giving office how their decision to sell ktru will affect your annual donations 713-348-4600
That's a good one; too bad Twitter won't let you tweet audio... Hahaha
Today's BTU inspiration: "Inspiration is always in you. It's up to you to become inspired." ~Unknown
So who wants to buy me a team jersey?!
Checking out !
Thanks for the RT, Caelan. I appreciate you!
I wonder if Strine will keep his promises... Do you think the new #UVA budget will prioritize the lowest paid workers, direct & contract?
What's the best place to get free Mac app?
you disgust me..
Sweet DDUB Dreams
Ha I guess that's one way to look at it.
I know what you mean! I get anxiety every time I watch it.
Cancelling my old Adobe CS5 subscription today to get started on Adobe CS6 with Creative Cloud :)
Getting another freakin sinus infection!! THAT'S SO FREAKIN LAME!!!
: We have two adult and a baby bunny here. It's cute...until they eat the gardens! ;)
Yipe! This showing of Los Avengers is already sold out! I didn't see that coming. Time to Plan-B it...
So bord in facs lalallalalalalalala im gonna get in trouble oh well its only 7th period
You are such a nice person and the most sweetest person. #YouShouldBeMyTwitterBf and
Editing Samantha's Cravings, novel about love lost, found, deception, consequences, from perspective of New Orleans African-American woman.
rob who? Oh.
you're gonna need a poet on something.. Get at me bruh
dude I heard about the show on Groupon, that was tonight?
Thanks for the mention and welcome to you as well.
ForRealz -_- RT If these ref's call one more bullshat call I'm.gonna slit my wrists.
There's always a man waiting for the current man to eff it up. Easy come, easy go...
It will be a ticket scalper's delight in NOLA if UK beats Baylor tomorrow. UK vs. UL and some combination of SYR-OSU-UNC-KU. Wow
you going to give me a kiss on the cheek when you perform ?I work at the club....I think the hosts deserve one.
dont say that about fb :p
That was based on a thing some guy did in Baltimore, except they shortened the fall to make it more believable.
you really don't know what your talking about you can ask Coco & Ariana Lmao but I'll let YOU think that
still puzzling about all the hit and runs... where did the kindness go?
See Zion in a pastoral light on Smith Mesa - St. George Daily Spectrum
I think it is about a nurse's job not pt advocacy
Sometimes you have to forgive and forget even if it hurts...
Might want to consider some steering wheel locks.
I was cracking up and Kim (my wife) has this confused look and says "I don't get it." I was then laughing harder
My life sucks I'm done.
I just had to explain to Cami who Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was. WHAT??
We played a little intro before our actual 1) "intro(Gut Grinder)" 2) Let It Go Sport 3) Being a here is more then just capes
hi sorry to just tweet u but i saw 1 of ur tweets saying u hate what u see in the mirror... but ur REALLY pretty honestly
But he may want his college #16 “: Frmr Bronco Frank Tripucka will allow Manning to wear his retired number 18 next season”
And I've been using my delay techniques on that update for months so...
Yeah!! I'm ALWAYS down for telepictionary!
let's go RAPIDS!
Thanks for the RT!
Not being a Vikings fan
I wore my cupcake pants specifically for and she's not here. :(
What is a monster's favourite society?The Consumers' Association.
If there were no God, it would have been necessary to invent him. ~ Voltaire
gold star for using the word despising
Why do I wait so long before I have a hot cup of coffee or tea? It is a wonderful thing to have a hot cup of coffee or tea.
looking for an incredible, experienced Chief Product Officer to run our game-changing social activation SaaS platform. DM me for deets...
If they aren't working on Halo who cares?
Impressive by Burress
Did your little tweet fingers fall off? Please do your part so that we all know what you're doing.
Hmm... Can't speak to the 3D issue but YouTube has been using HTML5 for a year now, so I think it is safe to say video works.
I needa get dressed while I'm just sittin here tweeting
someone hack my twitter
12 Peers Theater will be producing Best Ever Creations Story Contest by Eoin Carney on August 21st for the Pittsburgh New Works Festival!
MATCH ME ONE IM DOWNTOWN... : Who tryna blow? I'll pull up with it.
nice catch during the game
What's up?
Saturday Sweaty Betty Blues Band w/ presenting The Best Blonde Joke Comp. Who has the best joke???
so glad I captured them when I did!
this is true hahah I might watch one episode tonight just to see how it is
Isn't the processor a single-core A5 instead of an A4?
I think its because i take care of my face and wash it every night and morning and put my special creams on it :3
Unconditional love is more of a spiritual thing. It’s not bound by physical things, like blood relations and the desire to procreate.
I'm sensing some James Morrison on #americanidol. I think we'll leave it on this channel for a few.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -
Happy Leap Day! How are you celebrating at your college?
"...and nowhere is this discourse more impoverished than in the work of charlatan, Phillip Maciak..."
#20ThingsAboutMe 20. I LOVE AUSTIN AND THE CREW AND ALL MAHOMIES!!! <3
This is a real treat: Italy's Venchi will be here on Sat. 2/26 from 2 - 7 PM for a FREE tasting of their rich chocolates.
“: If I have to work with client's heirlooms, then that's why God invented the basement ;) #designtv”<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7>
HavenSource is an IRS registered 501(c)(3), tax-exempt organization. Support our cause today!
Natural Skin Hair Care : How to Give Yourself a Facial Massage
Welcome new follows and thanks for the follow.
so true. “: Don’t be determined to never have problems. Be determined to stay full of joy in the midst of your problems.”
I'm having a talk with him in Cincy next Tuesday! It's bullshit!!!
I tell em Hoes Suck a Dick, Swag, Swag, Cuz I'm Swagging on em ,Swag.
Headline: MN Wild help Bryz find game.
as he proceeds to do the Macarena
- Happy Anniversary...best sounds of the day !!!
Is getting on my PS3 to play some rock band 2
love it
Finally this baby is asleep. I probably got no type of sleep last night.
the address on fb is fake.
This could help our students around the world!
Who names their kid after war and let's them leave the house in booty shorts..? Hmm, the girl standing right in front of me's mom. HAH. HAHA
yes like is a key word.
I think i'm developing an addiction to Amazon. $35 for a greek mythology wallchart? hell YES!
Dj Cyn at Semanas lounge tonight in Vail music starts at 9:30pm come get your dance on
"I Need a Dollar" -Aloe Black. This is how New Yorkers start their mornings.
the first protest did not have as big as an impact because it was not out of the ordinary like the protest by the mau maus
rt the answer? Never had to do that transition myself.
hey! Are y'all coming to the Education Innovators' Forum on 5/8?
good plan....
I'm at Dave Ramsey's event....love his passion for small business, entrepreneurs and LEADERSHIP!
Now I'm hungry and keep seeing food on instagram... -_- Fml
": Mwhahha I would neva sub about him except for now #awk" exactly so what're you talking about? Hahah
mwahahahaha it is all part of our plot to take over the world! (of museum education at least) - we have to make CBStapp proud!
Actualy the N'Sync boys perfected what a pop star is. Timberlake makes 'fuck' music and nobody remembers the others.
and I totally forgot about it.
Agree these lists can be misguided, flimsy in pursuit of page views.
OH: thats not hate, thats foreplay.
Young ass bitch!
Great Family Night and Great Causes good night to all
Did Toy Story 3 make anyone else sad for their toys?
i know lib 2011 was amazing best festival i have ever been to in my whole life!!! (:
totally! That's fav also!
please dont! We need you to not watch :)
i wish i was one of those people that you notice :(
So I'm feeling like I may have found the one... Times have been rough but he's still here
before I finally got to a hotel in Newark and slept for 4 hours until I had to catch another plane to pittsburg
Oddly enough, cinco de mayo doesn't translate into "some mexican holiday that involves drinking"......but nice try though
All the cute girls be at wet seal
Hate Monday's.
I trust her I just dnt wanna get hurt
We shouldn't be watching these videos. We're better than that.
"Don't screw it up kid" followed by a screw up. Not listening or misinterpreted? Just glad he made the podium.
Ha. Just not with me??“: “: We rollin out tonight??”lol. Rolling somewhere”
haha i can relate, mornings are rough. and nothing really, managing all of this twitter/facebook ish and jamming city&colour.
Best compliment I've gotten yet from my friend John: "Mhm I was late to class cause I started listening and didnt wanna stop"
how do you post onto dribble? I'm a "prospect" there.
"TV taught me how to feel, now real life has no appeal."
haha he still forgot!! aw well..i guess i just REALLY have to make a good impression this summer
Can't remember the days when he ran good!
When Al Davis passes, you know it has to be deep. RIP to a true football legend.
“: everyone complaining about me complaining, just remember there are less and less of you every day.” $RIMM
I did!! Lol
Look for the girl with the broken smile, ask her if she wants to stay a while & She will be loved <3
...and 100% reason to remember the name.
IM positivie that I gained 10 lbs on tour last year...for real!!!
these are awesome!!
oh Nevermind I understand who now!! lol and yeah so it might be different.
Shit, my energency candy bag is running low.
I don't need to flirt. I will seduce you with my awkwardness.
Amy Senser has just entered the court house to hear her verdict.
Does anyone in Houston make Deep House?
Rethink your sparring game: are you predictable in your strikes, footwork, & defense? If you are than you are setting yourself up for a TKO!
Devante is so annoying
Did you notice in the headliner pics of the celebs; hardly any of color? What's up with that, I thought GLAAD was cool? :-P
You can either let the waves over take you or you can learn to sail
Thanks for the mention. We always appreciate a little support and encouragement!
That's what's most infuriating about animated gifs - can't easily take them apart to figure out performance bottlenecks.
RT : A3 when it come to PR I always suggest (if you can) hire a PRO. Blogging agent can be OK, but PR PRO is a must
My life is choreographed to the music of Neil Diamond
Attebury's in St. Francis,WI is a great place to eat, drink and be merry. Its super close to home and they make you feel like family.
Can't believe my final semester at #SDSU starts so soon! I plan on enjoying these last few weeks of break!
Really wishes that the halloween party across the street wasnt blastin britney spears at 2 in the morning...very annoying!!!!
I can't wait until I can drive.
RT : #if ure on Netflix Do Not, I repeat, Do Not press play on BURIED!<< Now we're intrigued *hovers over PLAY*
Sex on my tv reminds me of how deprived I must be..
Haven't had this much fun on facebook in a while lol
Recording classes may allow users who can't make training get educated.
He told me they were coming at him this summer. He took a visit late September.
Gearing up for First Thursday in Mt Vernon Park tomorrow. Please join us to enjoy, buy don't trample the newly planted flower beds.
I want yogenfruz SO BAD. Def getting it to celebrate my last day of classes tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Prob be fun over some adult beverages RT : I want to interview Tommy Hunter
Oddly warm night for the middle of December... :-(
Amid the out pour of lit professors reacting to their student evaluations I mistook your tweet for the words of a former student.
#cara student Gail T. secured a position at ABM Janitorial! 80 of 310!!
3rd Friday Phoenix! Come see art by Tato Caraveo and listed to sweet sounds by Sombra. Oh and free drinks!
Are u looking for a fun date to reconnect w ur significant other? Recreate ur first date together-locale, music, etc.
The President should just pull our troops out of Iraq and Afgan to punish Congress. Stop wasting money.
(2/2) I think I've successfully avoided a cliched "wedding" set...lots of New Jack/90s pop house, Erasure/PSB, etc...
First day of high school.(: Pretty good.
Hey google pycnogenol and diabetes and see how amazing the results are that people are having with OPC-3!!!
Very glad everyone in the Navy jet crash is safe. Also hopeful they don't have a "You break it, you buy it" policy.
RT : I know, but why? I know, they have nothing better to do.... Right to Work Bill Protesters
um do u mean hahahaha?
heard you were an asshole this weekend. Good work.
hahaaa she bad n she kno it
Looks like there's a watch party at LSP, too...
stop stiring the crap pot.. don't like a tweet ignore it or unfollow.
hey, dez what's is Coachella?
Got a new client today! This should be a pretty good summer!!
Design Tip: Have 2 sets of pillow slipcovers - one for the summer, one for the winter. www.cliointeriordesign.com
i'll def be there..and hope to see ya :) i'm not moving that far.sadly no longer across from fluid but i hope jeff will understand
hello, how are you?
Upgrades to mothership complete. Tried to minimize the design changes; all kindsa possibilities opened up, though!
please DM acct# or phone+zip. i'll see what i can do to help with this.
“: Reading "Sex & Sex & Sex & Yoga" <~ what a great title, huh? lol ” love it & in that order!
then i'll squeeze your butt. ;p
Just came to the realization that I'm 100% wrong about my idea of what other people think about me. I had no idea. Oblivious.
i agree with haha
Youve got that ONE THING !!
Another great video shoot today! Can't wait to see the final product! Enjoy the weekend everyone!
Glad you play football as it is meant to be played. B. Sanders, C. Spielman & D. LeBeau should be proud of #90 too!
will camtasia projects recorded on the snazzy new mac version be able to be opened in Camtasia for Windows?
Live in Phoenix? then VOTE.
Thanks Jess!
To marry me.. YOLO Lmfao prob too Come to boston
when in doubt, take the boat out
#ORE 53 #STAN 30 - Andrew Luck pass intercepted by Boseko Lokombo at the Stanf 40, returned for 40 yards for a TOUCHDOWN.
Happy 420 Everyone!
Everyone is hitting a Ben Franklin( A dead yank) into 18
You must understand that even though a person loves you, you must consider the fact that you're not the only one who makes him/her happy.
RT : policy-driven API management, with analytics, what did next. $client
It's on!!! its on!!! RT : I want the noontime workout to start already, with &
Thursday is here! Join us for a little happy hour from 3-6pm for marg & food specials.
is she your senior sister
Yeah, bro that was harsh! But I forget...your not a romantic:)))))
Already ate some ninja
Thank you all for following REPCO, a leader in RECYCLING, PACKAGING, EQUIPMENT & CONSERVATION SERVICES! Call now for more info 561-721-3400!
is self deportation an option? The only one that actually says anything worth paying attention to is Ron Paul.
Happy Mother's Day!!!!!
Love SlideShare... LinkedIn has a great eye for partnerships. ie. CardMunch is my fave iPhone app.
I don't get it.
my unintentional mix of heavenly mango shower gel and pomegranate bliss shampoo has put me in a decidely tropical mood...
Yes. In 1hr signature live will be hitting our stage!!! Excited....stop by to hear the baddest female band in the dmv!
Thank you, Holly! I hope to see you in Sacramento. I have good days and bad days, but I'm hanging on.
Hey football fans, use coupon code BT1 and get $4 off any large pizza! You can't go wrong!
Mornin' Lucky! How ya doing so far? I"m still tired I guess it's this bronchytis stuff...did you pm ur address to me doll?
Today was a Great Day. Thanking Father God for his every Blessing. Much Respect to Director Terence Gordon. www.YouTube.com/GuidanceSeries
But I am?
Why, what do you recommend?
These all you can drink shows by are worth it!. Word to the wise: don't plan to drive after!
"I'm not quitting. I'm just leaving and never coming back." - Mike Rowe (Dirty Jobs)
I already know!!! We prayed <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
I need to update my "90210 Guide to Social Media" #prezi. Who should represent Pinterest? Google+?
We will be breaking our no imports rule tonight and tomorrow by putting Guinness on draft! Our other drafts for the weekend are......
C'est si bon! Other than ones you've taught @ Brent St., are these yr 1st masterclasses? Would you ever direct/choreograph? xoxo
it's fine Jasper *hugs you back*
Instead of e-collar, use a Pro Collar or the Boobooloon. Inflatable collars are more comfortable and do not interfere with hearing.
Hope everyone has a wonderful day! :)
I've debated changing my computers error message to that. I suspect it'd get irritating quick though.
kk and call me like now cuz i gotta tell you sumthin important!!!! :) k?
Mind boggling: a password like H$7s!6a@ is WAY less secure than something like thisisveryverylong (1 min vs 10 years to crack)
not yet, not yet.. we gotta time this right. it gotta be perfect
Amen brother.
In December, TPS submitted an article for a food safety training company for a food quality magazine.
Success just like failure doesn't just happen one day, it happens daily...
Trust + Honesty + Communication + Good SEX Life = A Healthy Relationship
Chastity: I know you can be overwhelmed, and you can be underwhelmed, but can you ever just be whelmed? Bianca: I think you can in Europe.
Still time to sign up for Cru De Gra! Get at it
Current weather in Disney Wolrd: 64°F · (°C) Wind: 3 mph N Humidity: 67% HIGH: 85 LOW: 63
Ah! I leave for Utah tomorrow morning! I am being set apart tonight as a Missionary for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints!!!
Practice makes perfect.
RT : OCEANSIDE, Calif. (AP) -- Police: Girlfriend found Junior Seau with gunshot wound to chest; appears to be suicide.
So happy to see you in a Dolphins uniform in a few months
I'm worried about you are you alright I'm here 24/7 to talk to what's goin down
Niggas spittin the words to "I Don't Like" a capella. Keef got the whole city in his hands. Chance up next.
ahaha thank you!! :) I like yours!
look forward to it!
aloha josh sending a reminder about tonights interview at 9:35 pm ET - can you please send me your number via DM
well I did just fart so I wasn't fancy for a second there. wyd?
He's got a nice time feel.
amen sister
No more computer
Another player that will not be on ANY of my fantasy teams: BRANDON MARSHALL! Who is his QB? I don't know!
Do it first or at least find resources to know how. MT: What things parents shld do to ensure kids pursue a degree?
#Corvallis music store is now on Twitter. Show them some love & follow.
Happy St Patrick's Day! Don't Drink & Drive
Go Badgers!
#FF Friday! Here are a few of our favorites:
Psalm 34:8 () 8 Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good!Blessed is the man who takes refuge in him!
And maybe I misremember who tweeted about it - happens a lot at my advanced age.
DO NOT Expect tomorrw to be any different if you haven't changed today!
": might as well lol RT": a bruh i am going to stop fuckin with her"" yea fuck her
March's CRSS event is coming soon!!! Hope you'll ALL ready for the another WONDERFUL night of dance. Full details coming soon ;}
That made my night
Words of my Husband: "Go make me a sandwich woman!" Me: "you got legs get up and do it yourself."
yea! she's is a bernese mountain dog, 8 weeks, one of my best friends just got her yesterday.
Wtf how are you gonna call my phone and ask who I am when you called my phonee!?
i was enchanted to meet youu. <3
I bet you have a happy wife right now.
Join us Friday night when we welcome the Jim Beam Red Stag girls. 6- 8pm Red Stag drinks just $3
RT : Eloqua is a proud sponsor of #OMS12, stop by our booth 205 !
Yes, What's up ? RT hey dude:)
Why did Leslie Mann DO this?
I LOVE YOU TOO!! <3
Whats gonna happen too your p.o. box when you move too Miami !? :O
very cool! Is Lisa local? IAEOU! Love it.
thank you!
"...if I'm witchu then I'm witchu, if I'm not then its forget you, I'm just tryna keep it simple but..."
I would b better if u make me a little commercial 4 my bday party. Please! :-)
Weekend goal: Find the secret traffic camera that sends me a $50 ticket every time I'm at my dads, and accidental run into it.
I don't want to be that parody that is a dick. But god damn, some of these morons...Alright, I'm out. Back to REAL work.
In TCM, some great foods to eat during winter are root vegetables like carrots, onions, potatoes, beets, and (unsweetened) Winter squash.
That's that gay shit.
Are there any clothing retailers in detroit (or surrounding areas) that would like to be featured in the next issue of
I've been a real priest since the day I was born. Sorry about your prayer request though, I'm not religious.
I forgive,, but i dont forget. ...
Did you just say sorry ? lol jk. Hm are you ok ?
having a blast, trufflepoluzza here. People are friendly too. Miss you guys!
i want a donut too!!!! <3
Make sure your army is wearing pants
thanks ;) it's going to be a fantasy title.
After months of hard working Syllabontes is live. Are we going to take a break? No..! ..We keep working...
Clippers get one back in the top of the fourth, lead Bats 6-2 on seven hits.
Just got in from building me all kinds of muscle at the gym. Drink my post-workout shake.
haa ok ill try. Love u night xx
i'm glad I already have an embroidery program lined up for april. And that I was ahead of the curve by learning in nov
...with characters they can relate to. Nuances of language are wasted for the most part.
Congratulations to 2011 Federal Library Technician of Year, Leanna Bush, US Army Medical Research Institute of Chemical Defense
thanks 4 an awesome stay in #NoLa! Ready to book rooms back there 4 #Superbowl 2013, but can't reserve that date online? Help?
To all coaches out there... Right now who wishes they were on the side lines
Thanks Jeff! : saw a cool company last night, foodieregistry.com $$
Saw you in a dream. We were together. Saw you in reality. Wanted dream to be reality. But it's not. Maybe one day it will be.
Isn't it? :) I can not wait to make it!
Damn you, City. I live for Man U losing the title but you had to go and make me hate you too.
Y'all come back now...“: What a great night! ”
MT : Dr Christine Cassel we need better educated consumers 2 make new recommendations on excessive medical tests work
lmfao ikr im so happy i have a sexy sister like :3
aww as I do you! I'm going to come to Austin and crash with you for SXSW!!
Who's going to be #livetweeting tongiht's event "Launch Your Product In 90 Days With #SocialMedia"?!
Do u know the difference btw a weed & a pollinator plant? Learn w us today at Girard or next Sat. at Marion.See our site for more info
Live every week like its shark week
For sure! The #Bachelor is a great escape from real reality. I never miss it. What do you think of the season so far?
#IAlwaysWonderIf I did something wrong because your not talking to me.
thanks for the rt
taylor yancey don't care!
RT : great great player RT : Chicago Bears to honor Payton at halftime on 10th anniversary of his death good deal
Jordan big head ass better come over today or ima whoop his ass.! lol..love you bestfriend. :)
Picked up my merchandise from for the Dining by Design show. He has such wonderful merchandise. Check him out.
or horrors
THe wife lies, it's all lies. She never even told me about this!!
hey jessica
Did Men In Black accidentally end up on Prometheus and kill Will Smith's career?
vs I am dancing!
i just woke up too beth so wat r u planing to eat im eating 3 Pankacakes
Did u says website banner?? :)
Watching TheRocky Horror Picture Show. Get ready for quote tweets. I can't help myself! Haha
lots of support for the idea of data viz as source of "radical empiricism" at
Its hard to ride my bike I'm so tipsy -__-
That awkward feeling like dejavu....
Forecast for Pasadena on Rose Bowl Monday?? Sunshine and 81 degrees.
"When you learn to accept instead of expect, you’ll surely avoid getting hurt and you’ll have fewer disappointments..."
Going to the fair with . Savannah,Brittany,Ali, Jacob, haylee,Taylor,Cesar(; and becca ! .
Chicago, if you have a porch/patio/deck and are not currently enjoying it, you're a dick.
Going to lifeguard with kinslee!
There's not really one single measure of advocacy.
any time
I LOVE YOU!<3
Keep fighting the good fight! And thanks for the follow!
favorite phrase of day so far: "...the Google hang out *situation*..." sounds like
U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara Seizes 16 Live Streaming Sports Sites Days Before Super Bowl
Bring on your wrecking ball.
Are you looking for a spot to hold your Fantasy League Draft Party? We have 3 rooms that work great! Call Jen for more info 480-368-0376!
Case is like 18?????
Little kids want my cake.
RT : Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. George Santayana
Would u like 2 see our Xmas show at Touhill Dec. 9-11?
lol swag you out, though
I'm about to punch my aunt in the fucking face. Annoying ass bitch.
10 ways to #love: #listen, #speak, #give, #pray, #answer, #share, #enjoy, #trust, #forgive, and
Media Platforms have bigger and bigger websites - needing more and more content. e.g.,
Hey !! Like Divine Blue ?! Check us out at twitter.com/divineblue and press that like button !! Dont forget that follow !!
I actually follow the FFs I get from my peeps. Do you?
Y'all are adorable! Glad you're hanging out together. So sweet! xx
i hope the other step teams are checking the weather for tomorrow, because a White Thunda storm is heading their way!!!
what soda should i drink? Dr pepper. Coke. Sprite.....
Cal says his tm only watches 4 hrs of gm film on gm day. Perfect game plan by Calipari. I wouldn't expect burnouts to remember stuff either.
There's always something in the past that creates who you are today.
Interesting point. So what qualities does a really good live tweeted event have? What makes it good?
Spurs get the "W" looking good.
i dunno about 5+gb downloads. Definitely enjoying bluray and blockbuster monthly pass
Free Free Free Free Free
Looks like we have a venue and date for the first PDX Tech networking event! Stay tuned for details
Grim statistics about future of reading... Feeling a little defeated in the face of it. Ready for solution!
Eventually accepting physics& religion 2b friends in our world- he walked his dog, unknowingly de-stressing the tensions of learning.
I think I'm you're first! may many more follow!
Nearly 1 in 4 people worldwide is Muslim. Islam is fastest growing religion in world--followed by Christianity (via Pentecostalism).
alright celtics. #leggo one more quarter. lets get it.
no problem.
Dear tomorrow, You've been shining so brightly. I'll be holding on tightly to the words that you said.
Good morning! It's Tuesday right????
ah such a good mood right now<U+263A>
4 applications submitted! 3 to go...
Fight Night in Tulsa ...last night was great
Whats up twitter
stuck at home because of the snow storm? do yoga :)
My phone company is telling me I have international calling now. Grand.
Enjoy #brunch #lunch with us step out of the norm & indulge your taste buds. Afternoon vodka shot <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089> weekend is here..Enjoy!
WIth that situation :(
#PrayForClaire She's really sick and in a coma... It's would mean alot if you would RT this...
It's pastels vs. statement white gowns on the red carpet tonight!
YA SEE, the thing about tumblr is nobody cares who the hell you are, as long as your pictures are amazing.
Louisville Ladies' Softball defeats Notre Dame 4-3. To win the BigEast Championship game.
We look forward to seeing you back soon. Thanks again for sharing your wisdom at The Fort
I let a group of French people into the building tonight. I hope they didn't steal your jewels.
<U+200E>"Here, hold this ice cold Bud Light and watch football." Best day of work to date.
Big time Tweetup in progress!
i was wondering that I've got a friend in Australia that has no one of getting it. If he got a code would he be capable of getting
I can't believe it's almost 2012 and people still have a problem with interracial couples. It makes me sick to my stomach.
you hooked us on the Starbucks! ;)
Levitation Ale barbeque sauce. I'll have to try the one you tried to. Sounds good... How are you, I miss working with you.
wasn't there a time when they all weren't following each other?
Good luck getting out of that arena alive, Miami looked pretty pissed.
I am great ! :) thanks
HAHAHAHAHAHA your stupidity is showing!! HAHAHAHA Block me, fine I am not trying to sell anyone anything, especially a game!!!
had a nice afternoon with friends..i'm mad tired noww !
carpe the diem ...seize the carp!!!
PPL sues EPA to keep power plant upgrades secret
I'm officially in love with Instagram. If you're on there, you should follow me at timlewissports!
Get your hand out of you're pants.
u left too early. Hilarity of Craziness @ Freedom. Poor
just got all fresh an clean feelin like a million bucks lol wbu
for a strategy meeting with !
So how far into the season must you go before observing patterns? I think it's fair to say the Orioles are an improved team.
we're rockin our raaaaannnngggssss and stoked on the collab! #PDX #Sticks&Stones
BOOM DONE. Hook em' comes through again
christmas for reporters
Cameron, NC <<<<<< Everywhere else in the US
ight imma test you first thing Monday champ
Why Top Chef Is Bad for Gastronomy
#UCPeeps ": u totally should do a # for like crazy umeus fans.. :D"
Packing with ante up on.
Boy, you know i'm down for you.
Cast iron skillets make everything better. I know, I wrote a book of recipes to use with them. sent me your way. :)
So, it's ok to camp to buy from the 1% but not to protest them?
Words of Wine WIsdom: "Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age." ~ Pope John XXIII
I HATE YOU...SO MUCH.
great movie!
#confession I wish my hair was longer
Felton close to a triple double.
haha its too perfect tho :D
Welcum to da mind of a maniac
Lol... finally your done!
Kick his Ass Seabass
Johnny better walk out to Kickstart My Heart on Sunday.
Merp this is cuddling weather blahhj
oh good gracious...
omg ur drumming is beautiful i <3 you so much and i just wish u follow me back. Love: Chelsea your
On air now with and taking calls on grandparenting and childcare! We want to hear from you at 1-877-301-8970
Ronnie was just acting soo hyper and wouldn't stand still.he was all over the stage messing with everyone in the band.lol
Going out with tonight <U+E335> (;
Cj- "it smells like a mixture of pee and popcorn" the sad part is, it was actually a pretty accurate description.
woo woo TMI re baby stuff
#SaturdayNightConfessions I can look at Harry Potter posters on my wall and sob because it's over. Even though a years almost passed.
GO BODE GO. GO BODE GO
Have a great day competing tomorrow at the Md Comp- Hal, Lyn, Gary, and Jay!
50off tonight don't forget!!!
White ChocolateWhite chocolate is different from the other chocolate flavors
Thought this was obvious BUT when I said Id rape famous twats i didnt mean forcefully jam my dick in them, I meant verbally rape em w/ jokes
I find myself saying this same thing about Rafiki.
The link for your sunstorms story took me to a story about gluten-free diets.
it's time to get together with the old #homedepot gang. kinda giddy actually.
You clearly have never had good taffy.
geez brian! How much coffee did u drink?
thank you for the rt
Not sure emphasizing Abul Fouttouh's MB past is a good strategy for Moussa given his past as Mubarak foreign minister
wow almost to 21 million followers:) so how was your day?? Was it swaggy...keeping it real;) notice me please
#ypnworkshop I'm a student from Detroit () and would love to network after the event! DM me if interested!
Best part of the day: brownie sundae w/ bacon caramel. Close second: saw a real live mini pony on my run w/
RT Awesome! RT : Proud to have voted twice for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Have you voted yet?
Damn straight . And my friend lexi says hi . I love how you cant even see you in your profile picture .
"You're off to great places. Today is your day. Your mountain is waiting. So get on your way." Happy 108 birthday Dr. Seuss!
yea i know people are just ignorant now a days!
hope you are doing well
perfect day down on the beach!!! 75 and sunny.
I don't.
okay. ill tell you. do you know, the muffin man?
Once again im ignored:/
thanks for sharing Callahan!!
RT . Finally get to debut my Nick Leddy jersey tonight thanks &
S/o to all the people who were apart of it. N s/o to my BROS!
Tom, excellent story on today's C5! Couldn't agree more with your assessment of Cavs' rebuilding process.
Not a single person in this room is paying attention anymore, including myself.
How cool was the cameo on #HIMYM last night??
Lol no wonder. I was about to say thats terrible if they were trying to score.. Is your season over?
Home from an amazing weekend. Work at 5
We had a great church service today! Can't wait for next week!!!
Haha! amazing :) thx for that score
i always love it when something i do goes smoothly. i'm 2/2 so far tonight!
Am I that bad of a person? Because I don't take one ounce of Shit from anyone. Its not my fault your a nobody
no,thank you! I'm so excited!!
aahhhh! Not my government!
sorry... youngin! lol i dont know why i always feel like you are so much younger than me?
It's opening night in Atlanta. Don't expect it to continue.
ran for 55 min & now im drenched in sweat. i'm dead...
girl I know a dress you can where and we can get you all fixed up!
oh no. :-( is everything ok?
thx for following me back!:)
Congrats and Kristen Wiig on
Can anyone recommend some good blogs with storytime ideas? Thx
total! I'm wiped out!
simple, yet excellent advice
Being on the internet makes it easy for potential customers to learn about you.
I try to not judge people but cigarette smokers are idiots. If you are content with destroying your body then #WeCan'tHang
so true! is an unstoppable hacking force; really wish i could be at
lol no man a now me a feeen for some
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northbound 183 at 620 on the service road
I aint got nothing to add!
“If you educate a man, you simply educate an individual, but if you educate a woman, you educate a nation.” -African saying
If I have to die for one word, I choose the word 'poontang'...
I walked into #tjmaxx and four people asked me for #fashion advice. The transition is complete, I'm a maxinista. Thanks !
thanks for following me dont be a stranger
This first-time opera goer is looking forward to seeing Madama Butterfly tonight, courtesy of and
RT : Got my acceptance for ! Woot! Thanks, and see you in March!
There's no stoping us right now.
Congratulations Elon Grads 2011! Are you ready for the world of tweets that aren't about Elon?
Thanks for the Facebook love my friend.
And my hair right now <<<<<
Quod Vide => Which See, usually abbreviated q.v.
at the doctor for the cough I had for two weeks now.smh
jealous of the weller
When user-generated algorithms act in Amazon's favor, it becomes like the Morcheba song, "Who Can You Trust?"
Go to sleep
There is room for promotional content as well. 70% should be fun, eye catching, humorous, etc...
": Girl: "You give me butterflies" - Boy: "You give me boners"" Lmao..
My sister Cheryl passed away Teus December 27, 2011 at 10:15 pm I tried out in Miami she had cancer I called u plastic
It's snowing at my parents'! :)
bruno mars looking ass
An Austin artist found me on Twitter, and I'm glad she did. is an artist that has left the studio, paints people from life.
Epic positive resolution for the latest baby possum: She's in great hands at Coast & Canyon Wildlife in Malibu
Title party next weekend.
Ah--I realize now you are referring to the CBT Mind Traveler cards, not the dragon cards. Yes: older adolescents, younger too
LOL Obama couldn't close an umbrella let alone the olympics. In 8 mos he has turned the US presidency into a joke lost respect of the world
that twibbon been on there for a while since i did road show for o&a back in 90s
omg i cant think of it haha
Hey Vermont! I arrive in 10 days!
Great idea!
I have too much pride to say this to you, but no matter how mean you are or how mad you are at me I will never hate you. Ever.
Great point.
At the chicken now in the mall boutta smack
very pretty prom dress:) #muchlove:)
go buy me a charger and ship it to me
Just woke up to no power.. uh oh
me too.... Wait, when am I seeing you?
thank you!!! It's the 2 glasses of wine I've had!!! :-D
#tsdday wow. cleans up the broken FSA system. Love it.
Il fait beau!
Home alone. The roomies went out on a date
Also, Justin Bieber sucked ass tonight. Not good live, at all.
people get upset because they hate of bikes. Why don't ppl get upset at speeders, red light runners & cars that roll thru stops
RT : No matter where you intend to go, there is always a first step to be taken. Take that first step now.
So I botched the ending, but there's no way I'm running up those stairs again.
It's freezing in this office today!! Why is the AC on so high it's not even that hot outside!! -_- lol
I predict that a very long nap will be happening around 3 tomorrow afternoon.
Not feeling this
the official one is #isa3 it's flashing on the screen during breaks :)
give bikram yoga a try. its a tough/hot :90 class but the girls r hotter, ull be wearing 34" pants & u can eat what u want
he had some pretty nasty games at the start of the 2009-10 season. insane mix of size/bulk/athleticism/mobility
Except goats. RT : Never invest in anything that eats or needs repairing
Nice TN road trip! LOL! Bottles UP! Its been an emotional week!
Tonight's The Signal on 88.1 @ 7 includes cartoonist Kal Kallaugher's Stoop story about his ups & downs with the late Mr. Schaefer.
I know I should shower, but in this heat it feels like a waste of time.
Probably a good habit though to keep people from snatching stuff.
I know!! I was thinking the same thing.
Aw, what's wrong with a little elementary school carnage? lol. As long as no pictures or graphic additions.
why waste a day in that lol
Lol, yup. If I didn't know that, I would've been kicked out of WV.
21 Jump Street: Hilarious.
So my mom just sold her car on the first day we put it on craigslist,she's planing to buy a new one so that she can put her big bass speaker
are you following/tweeting the hashtag #BroadwayStarWars? It is quite possibly my favorite hashtag ever.
Wow, nice tweet :))
What will the NY media do to #Tebow? shares firsthand what it's like, with today 2-4pET!
Man I hate it when she do that shit
A2Z Inc. will be at the SoCal Linux Expo on Saturday (02-26-11) Hilton. We will be there during the day and co-sponsoring the evening …
that's a hardware store, but they're on the "level" ; )
Seeking advice from people who hav done business with state government and know thier IT systems
Here's to you, guy that takes the last cup of coffee and doesn't start another pot.
Must get used to my scales.
Why isn't Stockard Channing on Twitter? Fuck this place.
Too close to get 666 followers. All hail Satan.
I'm glad you did. You know I care!
"Oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh" -- Alicia Keys
Hey, follow me so I can DM you. I need a writer who's funny as *^@
4500 on FAcebook and 3000 now following on Twitter. 9 months time.
Sure :D
Great shot!
maybe it is
Caption Morgan take me away..lol hehehe...drink up bitches...
Great! I have three press releases that I need him to write by Monday.
Wishing a very happy birthday to our friend and MK sous chef !
Computers losing sudden power can be sudden disaster. Battery backups/UPS can save you. Equipment is cheap, downtime isn't.
The new Mission Impossible movie was awesome. See it in IMAX if you can for the best experience.
Big plans is what I plan to make
They're going to get wise to that EVENTUALLY.
I would ask Seattle to either split the difference in salaries or throw in decent prospect/MLB player.
Jennifer Lopez is crazy. Love her!
Happy Birthday !
#OnlyYouCan make me laugh like nobody else, which is why we're together, because we get each other
im sorry that i didnt understand what u go thru. i have only faced that type of ignorance from my mom and siblings. u r loved.
I'm getting a lecture on love.
I'm not the same girl...that's all the proof I need.
How 'bout the SF Commune loc just stay secret? I'd rather be limited to #imagining folk getting food & shelter than film them get arrested.
"Only through experience of trails, tests, and struggles can the soul be strengthened"
eh.. i wont be starting up tonight... im going to bed so im not tired at school.. goodnight!
speaking of rasis I think i saw ugly ass Robbie at my job today
oh that dream better not come true!
of course! See you at booth 340 for my free app? :-)
hahah quite possibly one of the best and hilarious days on set ever
Mad Dog Saloon Tonight !!!! 8pm
2 shows in 1 night! Loved seeing you on Glee tonight!! <U+E328>
Do you write music reviews for a blog or publication? We'd love to hear from you and give you free stuff!
They made them lip sync :(
Thank you panelists Marney Cox, , Alan Gin, Lynn Reaser & Dan Seiver & moderator for the ED&S roundtable today
That awkward moment when its December 5th and its 70 degress
TGIF Reshapers-Plan for success this weekend! How are you keeping healthy?
2-Way mentioned a dj asked him to perform in Stubenville
thanks for the info about kits. Great to have #nffc safe finally.
all dis talkn2me tell dem get her ready
me and kevin went to jons.
11408's Beef with Common. The Right didn't want him at WH Poetry Night; now they have more ammunition: he like calling women B's.
Beliebers Hunger For Jerry we own da whole world.These trends call for colde purple
TV Show I've been watching: season 4 of that old Alfred Hitchcock Presents.
#levilowrey is getting close! use your superstar powers to get people helping out sharing the #levilowrey love!! #sonialeigh!
Are you making an appearance somewhere?
The current fiscal crisis is a crisis of healthcare costs.
Thank you for being my 1st follower (:
Beta Contest: Which #Alganon Deity is "The Seeder of Life"? Answer Tork via a MyAlganon.com message. First 25 correct answers get into beta.
Put you in the middle of my spotlight <3 <3
Workplace Partnership for Life major support from #hospitals. Thanks & all Partners #WPFL #organdonation1.usa.gov/uuwlV7
I think social media could probably tell you interesting things about hardcore partisans' feelings
Don't worry son, keep your head up. Daddy still loves you.
there's no place I rather die than on a baseball field.
good one
Ann Coulter is a freaky bitch.
I know I heard
Watching replays of first half -- love my boys but wish they'd work as hard at scoring as they do at working for a foul.
The a team<3
bitter ka ba?
Thanks Paul. Yeah my rule of thumb no drinking while waiting in Line
nm(: being lazy as usual haha
How many pictures have I taken of myself tonight?
Thanks for the follow ! Mwah!
inserts at plant today. inching towards tirra lirra release date
Haha! The snacks were obviously the best part! “: haha hey at least we got free snackies!”
We provide superior products & services to our clients by exceeding their expectations! You’ll find all you need in Dynamic Heating &Cooling
Did something go wrong with that Mick Jagger bit?
“Not Much More That You Can Say That Would Embarrass Me…Oh Yea…Forget About That One…”
Always! Be there in 5 RT : I think it's #wine time! Don't you agree ?
“It's kind of fun to do the impossible.” (Walt Disney)
Thanks for the tweet! And don't forget the importance of innovation, too.
hoverbikes, the way of the future..
Como me quiero ir a la mierda!
Seeing Bye Bye Birdie at washburn tonight! :D
Peyton's asked me if I wanted to come, so I decided that I wanted to be the third-wheel.
RT : Someone just told me "you can't have your cake and eat it too"...really? why not?>A sign of a life lived fully. :)
That was hilarious--but for a girl it's spelled Frances.
Up Up and Away. I've been high for so many days.
“: You learn something every day, and yesterday I learned that "Don't condemn things you haven't read" is a controversial position.”
got the never say never fan cut. yey. this is so swagger. love to use the word swagger.
we knew you'd say that! :)
what's up?
Aww! I love this tweet! Made my day, little one
At work today. I actually love working Saturdays - I get to wear jeans and no meetings!
wow lol my avatar is look nerd and weird do you ? =)) lol , but thanks . but i love ur avatar so cute one <3
So there was this guy that was helping out at work today, *lifts heavy box* *grunts* "It's like liftin' mama!". Sir, that's mean, apologize.
I GOTTA CRUSH ON YOU(:
I understand finance and it's role in the region and I will work for a complete repeal of
right after we fail this micro final.
What's up with the super close up of Lieberman's droopy the dog face?
I'm not sure. I think Proust.
Love in the time of Allergies
there is no other explanation.
Any business offering the best Indy deals? we are featuring FREE deals postings for a limited time!... Email us!
Busy week ahead!
is so good! I'm glad he won!
Lisa Gill thanks her influences--Demetria Martinez and Maisha Baton
It's a Beethoven badminton meeting. Intense match and brainstorm on Beethoven fest 2012!
No problem! If you haven't already, check out one of the artists that I manage, ! Thanks!
Here's to wishful thinking!
why didn't you come to track?
i miss you
RT : Correction: I'll be on The Current on CBC Radio at 8:30 (not 8). Either way, it's an early morning start for me!
Hadn't seen this yet. Thanks for passing it along. The typo in the title isn't so encouraging, though....
hahahaha good luck!
Home Furnishings for mom, Free shipping on almost everything!
If you don't look at the past you repeat the past. So I'm going to take you back to the 1800's, say Dr. Nunez.
To me, success in #writing is reaching the people who think like you and making them that less lonely
U got that swag
I am debating if I should apply for the Master in Fine Arts in Documentary Filmmaking program at the
finally packed.. Alaska here we come! :)
“: Love to all the mothers!”
Crystalizing this enables us to reclaim and reembrace our authentic self
To stop covering the suicides, which has led many to believe the death toll is higher." "Nearly all of those who killed themselves had
Yea, I suppose he was (before his novels) a kind of non-fiction DB, but focused much earlier. The Sign and the Seal is about his...
I'll be there too! Any chance I can get a ride?
George Washington. Final answer.
anything is possible
justin was in the studio & he drew penises and wrote "jerry" everywhere. omfg, my idol.
Going to tape my first audition to submit to Yay!
obviously now it based on marketing, but style=date has been a beer thing for a while. Styles due to date& some for tthe date
Such a comforting error message. Love it.
pshhhh heck Yeah!
I'm not from The S.W.A.T.S. but I know how to get there! Can I do Christmas on Cascade? :-)
My dog uses her own ass as a pillow.
is wearing blue jeans, a black polyester shirt and gray & black nike shoxs.
that's what separates golf from other sports. Thanks for upholding the best tradition of the game!
I wonder which genius @ Cottonelle didnt think about all the doo dooey hands that wud b touching the toilet paper container to get @ the TP!
Power is back on! Thanks
RT If you think the guy next to me at the gym wearing flip-flops is a complete fucking tool.
sounds delicious!
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go. William Feather
Then you can see my embarrassing math error! =)
Rite i didnt even get out in town yet RT : that shit look crazy yo
I love waking up to music
Have the new office setup and have been slammed with meetings while trying to get the office arranged. Love being busy!
we are with you my man!
HS baseball playoffs, Game 2: Moody 3, Victoria East 1 (top 3rd). Moody's Ricky Gonzalez delivers a two-run single.
#np what makes you beautiful by one direction <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Yea i quit cold turkey and feel so much better - more stamina RT i take it you don't smoke anymore?
With the kids at Pats Peak. Skiing is slow but the sun is great
yeaa check me out! and preciate that chief
#10thingsaboutmyself 4. I'm in love with paranormal things. Ghosts & things are so cool. :]
it's good to see a tied game after that first half!
Life is like a coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you can only spend it once -Lillian Dickson Always make it count! <333
no doubt!
And again... forgotten/ditchedd! Cool.... #angrytweets Sorry guys lol
If this is the last season, I'll cry during every new episode I watch...
If everyone started the day listening to , everybody would feel as good as I do right now. The heart and brain are pumping!
explain it to me
Hey, thanks! I don't want to start any rumors, but I'm told that it's also loving you. It's a beautiful thing.
haha me too! Taking drivers ed next year!
thanks for the retweet !
“A book burrows into your life in a very profound way because the experience of reading is not passive.” - Erica Jong
Thanks man appreciate it!
I really, really, really needed to hear that. Horrible day at school today. Thank you mamasita!
Who's going to show tonight?
i really wanna watch edward scissorhands right now...you down, ?
Don't forget to keep requesting "Old School"!
I don't know twitter. I got nothin.
I can pretty much relate most things in my life to either a Simpsons or Sex and the City episode.
word! I hope to see you there then. <U+270C>
And we're off and running on a Tuesday.
My eye is so red and it burns .. !
Check out my Mom tweeting!! Awesome! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA> RT Good Morning to you, Missy!
Baylor looking good.
Craig F. Walker, Denver Post photographer, wins Pulitzer for images of veteran ... - Denver Post
Are you addicted to golf video games? :)
Pep Rally today...soda chugging and "Chubby Bunny" contests were quite entertaining to say the least.
Roufusport Legion-Wherever you are tonight we salute you! Thank you for making Roufusport Versus.com's "Top MMA Gym in America."
please do! I would love to be at this set!
“: What time you think you will be open in Irvington tonight?” Hopefully by 5 at the latest, we'll be dodging raindrops tonight.
all the lakers fans talkin about somethin else amongst each other too lmao "man this weather <<<<"
Its a beautiful day out! What are your Friday plans?
Sat at intersection for 15min, parked in the last spot available, trekked across the lot, 9:41, denied chapel entry. Classy, APU.
This game started 6+ hours ago
aw! Thank you for saying that! That makes me happy!! :D
Thank you so much for the RT!
hha when i realized i just let out a big " okk F**K and ran! Lol :O
i hate waking up late lol
reading THE GREAT CALL OF CHINA by Cynthea Liu -- new middle grade/ya novel about adopted Chinese American girl coming of age.
I have to lead a hike tomorrow, and on a damaged foot from the last hike! LOL... the life I lead... Yours sound relaxing!
Got my heartbroken in the worst way /: its not like you care tho .
hip hop but i dont mind goin out the box with r&b and pop whats up???
#sslive knowledge workers can be segmented: expertise (complexity of work) and level of interdependence are two dimensions
Toms? Get yourself some Tims! #1. is the man. #2. It's #sickestbrandever! Get yourself a pair. I know I am.
I never set the radio alarm, I brought my own little travel clock! Consider yourself GHOSTPUNK'D!
It comes down tomorrow due to scheduled events in the AG. I'll see if it will find another home. Sad to see it go!!
Randomly waking up at 5 in the morning. -.-
Hey Indy Fans! Thank you for YOUR active participation and feedback! Tune in tonight and listen to Dr. Joseph Schuldenrein answer your ques
#Huguely defense moves into new testimony, including from his family and friends.
Thank you for the RTs :)
Fly safe! I'll be waiting at the airport for you! xoxo
wtf? I read a week a couple days ago and it said 2 Chainz signed wit Kanye
awe good! I'm so excited, what time should we get there on both days would you say?
I know, right?
When my friend sees someone ugly to me that person is cute but this time I agree mindless behavior no no no
that tat sesh n Manteca or Tracy
My Native American follower ratio is really low. What's going on here?
Sorry...we haven't been on Lately..have been being Mindless To the Mx with follow this chick..#Mindless2TheMax we GN Stay Mindless
Im gunna make my own mixtape soon.Its about to be a BANGER!
of course it was, the 2 Macbooks that Erica has had have NEVER had a problem!
This guy ALMOST won a million dollars on who wants be a millionaire! BUT HE DIDNT
Great day for a 90 minute yoga class The class was difficult but the feeling of rejuvenation was worth it:)
my BF on the phone to "If there is a nuclear Holocaust and you are the only store open, I will still not buy from you"
RT Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points. Knute Rockne
We had a dream of a time with our first reading. HUGE thanks to the folks and everyone who came for making it perfect.
It's ridiculous how much professional athletes are getting paid these days.
is at ActionCOACH North American conference in Las Vegas, with 500 hundred other coaches!
power of the people!
Gonna schedule for my first semester of college this week!
hell yeah!!
About to post my best Ronny Turiaf impression. Stay thirsty my friends.
miss ya Gina! You were always inspirational on and off the stage! Keep the motivational videos coming! Xoxo
haha love you too! #missyoumeanit let's go back to the couch days at #c2c :)
So my mom just asked the EPC asshole if there were any bullies at the new school I'll be going to soon. IDIOTS
she who denies.....fucking hates puppies in reality.
Thinks life is a series of decisions between Lawrence of Arabia on the big screen and Blast of Silence on the small screen with friends...
Happy bike to work day to you! What kind of folder do you have??
We'll be processing applications for the next few days for #THATCamp Bay Area...
why won't you tweet me
yes and dampers to your ducts to push more air to downstairs.
H, did you want my Ladytron tix? Paid $34, you can have it for $20. Have to go to FL last minute.
We are open Fri. til 8pm and Sat 11-8 also. Stop by and see us when you can. We are here for you. Cheers
S/o to cus his ringtone
hell yeah I'm pumped! What do you want to do for it?
Y am I still up
Hey sports The streaming "watch live" for the US Canoe Olympic Team trials is not working.
Hey young world!
Catering ordered, name tags purchased, only 3 days until the #bmorehistoric unconference. Check our blog for the latest session proposals!
On Oct 16 you should come to our super cool grand opening. Tkts include booze & food & tons of entertainment! t.co/7U5TsYvi
I hope kristin got some lol
I sweat just as much starting fitness at 350lbs as I do now.
Charlie Brown strikes again...
good morning tweeps! Hope you had a great weekend!
this is getting ridiculous. Im gonna win
PALE OR just light skinned
My BFF graduated with her MBA today and nothing would make her happier than you congratulating her !!
Heyy! You're the best i love ya!
Ladies on soap operas were always so easily tricked by fake pills planted by enemies. They look nothing alike!
Tell it! RT : If u've ever used free medical clinic or school breakfast program u can thank the Black Panther Party.
The Heat are taking it to the Knicks, 54-31 at half.
Your link in your most recent tweet.
Looking forward to tonight's concert at 8pm in Paul Hall. We can't believe it's already the last concert of the semester!
should follow me back :)) Lol
Next show: Wed the 7th, Central Market - Westgate - Austin, TX. 6:30-9pm. Oliver Steck on trumpet & keys and Josh Hoag on upright bass!
Same here. I'm literally applying for anything that will pay me.
They think I'm strong and I don't mind. They just don't know how many times I've fallen to pieces.
I don't see why not, double check with Rj though
I hope you feel better <33
#mudmelt edd barrows ecology class attended Joan's talk. Edd shared the document he created for them.
I'm gonna stop there before I leave lol
Based for real respect the bitch
I don't know but he was an incredible lover in "Python" by Carina Nolan only 7.89 Amazon
what's cooking?
I like david krejci a lot and now I want to really like 40 minutes of tim thomas...a lot.
Dude. This can still happen.
thank you for MT Daniel
Did you know there was an Ice Castles remake last year? Me neither.
can I get some love and get a retweet!
Who else is thrilled that Bob Seger is finally coming to iTunes? The world has been "Hollywood Nights"-free for entirely too long.
A man needs to be treated like a king all the time
"This is how we do it... Its Friday night and I feel alright.... The party's here on the Westside!!!!"
Come to the D Note at 6 for our Auction for Action!!!
Nice road win for the CARDS over #5 UConn
A: ...Many in developing world trying to wrestle back their publishing rights. #Western publishers have been exploitative for years
Cesar Ritz of L'Hotel Ritz managed D'Oyly Carte's Savoy Hotel, home of Gilbert and Sullivan. Noel Coward's #SEMI-MONDE Feb 6th
A bird just flew away with my lip balm. Seriously. That just happened. Fortunately, the bag containing it was retrieved.
I treat others the way they treat me... So if u think I'm an asshole... Imagine what I think of u
Thanks for following, Eric tell your friends about us.
Sweet! That's awesome. :)
Erased my facebook for now.. I gotta cool out already enoughs enough
With 200 TEDActivators visiting TED in Long Beach today. Care to follow details? #carriewilliar on Twitter.
Thanks for the follow. Love the title!
Thanks for the great reporting. Really liked how your writing was understated and you let him tell his own story.
Ltrain down. Soundtrack as running for bus. "I want to kill everybody in the world."
I use Chrome also but no Google Toolbar for that either. Go figure. Plz don't tell me I have to use IE.
Yeah, but that is about the best one hit ever.
definitely a bit disorganized. Ill miss it though. My homebrew club, TRUB, has poured there last few years.
Deadline is FRIDAY to answer 6 questions for your chance at $1,000! What are you waiting for? #prstudchat #HAPPO www.wahimedia.com
is a #buffoon. also a
I must be doing something right if I have ONE #dumbass hater.
"harry my parents arent gonna be home tonight , can i stay at your house ?"
Go subscribe on KEEK to win a date with please go
Can anyone explain what Peterson brings to #SKC coming on for Convey when he did? Vermes' subs still confuse me most times.
Waiting on my babe!
“: Nowadays "cool" means "I really don't care" "sick" means "awesome" and "I love you" doesn't mean anything.”
Who is your favorite local band/artist?
I remember when I had a Crush on Reyna in middle school lol
#np 'New Born' Muse (really LOUD!)
Free picks all day tomorrow! Breaking out of this slump!
It's official. Everything's been done... and blogged about.
Universe Humongous Big.
What's the good word, brother?
lol for me it depends on why type of day it is. Sometimes it makes me happy.... I'm a very weird person.
looking for someone to shoot video this Friday of a fashion shoot &a little teaser of another cool event. Must be UMiami student. tweet @ me
Love that stinging feeling after using mouth wash ! So clean.
It's pathetic that you worry so much about what a guy in Wisconsin tweets.
< good company!
REMINDER! COME VOTE FOR 215 ! This saturday night at The BBC we are competing for a summerfest slot.we need all your votes to win.9:30 -1am
Thanks for ur offer. Want to see some samples?
At a Mets game. Citifield is great...maybe better known as Taxpayer Field, but I digress...
HS fans have missed you. U and the best combo around.
You know you're in trouble when JJ Hardy takes you big fly twice in 3 innings.
that's typically true yeah. Although Tiny Furniture was kind of a pilot ;)
: no, but I enjoyed it immensely!
The #Magic are getting a little taste of what life without Dwight Howard will be like. 55-76, Indiana. AT Orlando.
its what i live for shawty so already!!
Tom Petty.... nice! RT You know the hardest part? Waiting.
Georgia fans everyWHERE!
"No crying at the Palm, Runkle" God I love this show.
Heard you ran into one of my students, Jamie Bigaj. He's great kid, let know what you need him to do at
Stay tuned, review of Patti DeRosa's live album "Packing My Bags" coming tomorrow!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>....I forgot how to drive in Detroit! I'm lost!!! Lmaooo whaat is this!!!!
Just wanted to say, thanks to everyone who is enduring our growing pains! :)
I have a feeling that groups like 's #BlazeVOX + will do more for poetry in the next twenty years than the NEA.
not wearing a JACKET!
silly bands are made a used condoms! im tired now so goodnight! havent been on twitter is ages.
Corn and tomatoes from today's West Allis Farmers' Market. M...
Bad friends prevent you from having good friends. - Gabonese Proverb
ohh okay well my friends and I were the ones singing in the front ha :)
Facebook is so annoying to me now its so vanilla.....boring blah
Nicky let's be honest we don't do our homework when she gives us time! too bad you're not in our class Sammy!
When I play GTA it's funny u need to wach it
Questo is the bee's knees, don't forget to wish him a DOPE birthday yo!
It's basically impossible to wear a coat over a dress that has bulbous nodules. Damn you winter!
you guys are awesome thanks so much!
Love my mommy :) glad she's safe and sound in Florida. Thank you for all of her angels this week!
Austin definatally like you (;
two more days of school, and I'm officially out of Middle School for good!
love the new crib.
Busy and tired...but excited at the same time! Just finished selecting the colors for our boutique...Just Fabulous!!!
thx for the follow :) check out my donation page & RT if you'd like. Have a great day!
All this time I had 145 dollars in my wallet... Incredible.
#WhoNoHit?!? Suck it Jays!
Drove a 3 mile stretch of road in Howard County this a.m. and saw only 2 driveways w/o recycling bins out - kind of awesome
you are already done???
Yeah, I got a DM from you, which pointed me to a Twitter-phishing site. Kinda scary. (But no damage done.)
SLEEP, then later practice with
I just want to sleep
Ozzie Smith and Bruce Sutter
just watched one of the most disgusting things ive seen in my life on the bus. juan and his woman...yuck
oh my goodness. How straight forward of you <33. But the feelings mutual
Gaahh, Please help me get rid of my headache. :( x
It is with great humility and appreciation that I announce to you today of my intent to not run in the 2010 election for the Florida House.
is very beautify
Already back home on a Saturday night. Am I getting old or what?
Presenting my power point tomorrow. In.front.of.the.whole.class!
Have you hydrated enough today? I'm about to refill my water bottle, go get yours!
Some people just don't open up then say you or I. Don't know why that is, but it happens with some.
WANT A FREE SHOUTOUT? JUST FOLLOW !
Conservatives say teaching sex education in the public schools will promote promiscuity. With our education system?
i miss the video diaries -.-
I told him! :D
Now streaming if only on facebook!!!!
At iNACOL.. Virtual school symposium
Get ready for the new Double Up Thursdays - starts 2/2!
is the first time she ever tried to replace me. she doesnt just ask someone just like me if they can be friends D: idk
Great pitching Dickey!
and You guys were awesome on with !!
StaffingMarketplace.com is The Ultimate Resource and Directory for the Staffing and PEO Industries. Get listed today to start getting leads
I want a guinea pig so badly. Idk why but I'm getting one ASAP.
Am I the only one hearing a twangy violin sound going off during the live portions of the #Oscars?
Good morning. Still not famous. All good.
Thanks Jen! We appreciate the support! RT : Looking forward to it!!
A lot of men & women would rather stay single because they're tired of giving their everything and ending up with nothing.
hey nxt time you come over we can make more videos I have a channel now (youtube)
I love that is using an old picture of Newt Gingrich as his profile picture!! Uncanny.
#SeniorConfessionHour I really wish I didn't have to college to be successful in life
Tough loss for Gators, great season and run to Elite 8.
I need more #littlemonsters to follow me on #Instagram... Follow me on instagram at StevenZambito! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
a birthday for the books ! xo
At Flight Club Recording Studio wit "Mr. Hard on dem tracks" wit me when I say DUDE UP NEXT!
oh really?
Com' on bitch, you see where brad at!!!
At home in the bed missing my angel
sure.... Ofcourse he's w/ u.
You poor thing! R U weak? Feel faint? To me eating is a skill and I am still trying to perfect it! MOL!!! ;o)
Good news
Exactly! Without a good map/diagram, easy to get lost. With one, easy to learn!
Learn to admit your mistakes before someone exaggerates the story.
Tryin to give my babies a life i never had. Hard sometimes
When i harshly judge myself, I will choose to see through eyes of love. My own negative self-talk is the only thing standing in my way.
thanks for the re-tweet. I thought that was such a great article from RealityCheck & something I had not heard a lot about
Wasn't bashing Fox News at all!
If you're going to spend $175 printing the flyers I recommend that extra $75+ to get something designed worth printing.
Wow! RT : The movie "John Carter" is currently the biggest box office flop in film history, with a net loss of $166,566,620.00.
isn't that what people said about the music industry when Spotify was being created?
re child abuse. I'd like to know the answer. plz don't let me start. i hate what i know.
Congrats to ! Be sure to like us on Facebook for more chances to win!
please follow me!(: I will be your bestfriend! Jk but please follow me... Your my biggest inspiration.have fun and stay safe(:
@ i was :( but last minute changes look on ernest page i explained to him
Today was a doozy.
didn't forget about you
it will be interesting to see if the applications developed for the iPad influence applications for the MSSurface
Omg my little brother just asked my mom if it was ok for him to use the wipes even though they have alcohol in them HAHAH
oh nice DM ur number.. we'll do that.
WIN Thurs lookn nice w/ spinnin host & did her thing & d bday diva & w/
omg Bri Bri I didn't know I followed you on twitter!!!!!
Pixie will always be my true love. She is the best cuddler lol.
Rt I haven't been able to decide between UT and A&M, so whoever wins this game, I'll accept their admissions offer!
yes they will lol
Are you out shopping looking for deals?
is vegetarian week this week?!:D im a vegetarian!
now that's how you do a twitter bio!
They call me racist cuz i support black Americans first
christmas is the best!!!!!!!
You can take everything i have; you could break everything i am like im made of glass
Section 432 with my old man. Should be a fun night!
I miss my boyfriend...
well its time for bed so good night boys and girls :)
: Record-breaking attendance of 165,307 to watch I'll Have Another
When im up at 5am, im not so nice to early babe :/
I don't get it, but I like it.
Another crazy month on a crazy planet - volcanoes, oil spills, Greek debt, trillion buck Euro bailout, hung parliament.
lady at church yesterday had leopard print dress. There were also lots of fur jackets. <3 people watching
I worked 7 hrs straight on my memory book today. It looks so good! Its a good thing I love crafts otherwise I would have said screw it.
Discruntled orangutans. It's too cold. Themes in cognitive research show fish can make tools. I wonder what they make?
Wow. 2nd day in a row they go to commercial when the #Bengals are on the clock.
Haha he's hot.. that's what's going on lol
Puttin out fires today
YES YOU DID! “: Made ya look.” And laugh, probably more than I should admit!
damn im already home I can bring it to yu in tha morning
Watching some titan football movie in geometry
Me and fought in the locker room today.
Word. Tried Magic Hat at the Crawfish fest last weekend. Hot Wings festival Saturday!
My hubs says the worst day of his life will be when I find out I'm too pretty for him lol he's too sweet.
What up Sunday morning!
he's not advocating, not trying to introduce a bill or anything, just stated his opinion so . . .
i know! It's seriously about to be the most amazing weekend ever.
Gtown and AdMo too, I noticed!
what are you doing tonight ?
#boo #trick or treat!
BTW, having trouble with #menundressed hashtag. Not showing other results. Am I doing it right, ha!
This big motherfucker been snorin all period im finna knock him
BAH how did I miss this?! And how are pearls hipster?
“: Final score Fort Wayne 6 Missouri 4”
Girl, yeah! That's what happens when ur born in Miami. He sounded heartbroken just now. Lol
So sorry to hear about the bird! I will raise a glass to his memory. Here's to an amazing pet!!!
Yesterday's 12-7 W over the Reds was the #Rockies 12th game scoring in double-digits, tying them w/the #Phils for NL lead.
idk this weird thing
Dont trust people easily, not everyone approaches u sincerely
looking great. make sure you send me the dates and I will take you around to see all the stuff that's new :)
"...you stole my heart with just one look"
You better..
If you hear of any, let me know. My cats all have that skill and could use the paycheck.
Remember we are YOUR "connexion"
Hey , welcome to twitter!
My sister (who deserves it) graduated college, got a Job and a $1000 a month apartment. I comfortably pay $176 a month w free groceries.
Not teaching thursday
Don't give someone all of your time if they're only gonna give you half of theirs.
I sure can
Hmm. Skills competitions might be a good replacement for the #ProBowl. Certainly it can't be worse. I might watch.
for iPhone better than Pulse News? I think so.
says the person who hijacked my whole box lol
BHWA! CRT : I'm as classy as they come! :)
Just drove all the way to church... Forgot it was sunrise service... Parking lot is EMPTY!!!
is cooking dinner!...yes Raye, it's low carb...lol...
Uzi Arad: all these public proclamations give you insight. "Israel can always defend itself by itself." Obama. Imp principle.
I need to find some creative ways to market vacant land.
well yeah, he's been getting away w/ it for years, glad for once they called him out on it
Eli to Barden for a 1st down.
New projects well underway.
So the Republicans have a Congressional hearing on women’s health issues and all the committee members and witnesses are men!
“: Preparing for tomorrows photo & video shoot with folks!!! #BBV #Photography #Photoshoot #video”
Flight crews must just love you:-)
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Sweet Tamarind Chutney 4.31 / 5 Stars | 13 Reviews by STEELTOWN "This is an East Indian sweet tamarind chutney."
please tell me you'll be paying Seattle a visit this Memorial Day weekend?
Young Fly fenna shut dis show wit future down tonight!!!!
RT I love u too :p but swear! That's not mayo that's crack cuz those are addicting
Conspiracy of Paper by Absorbing, fascinating.
A no-brainer..they watch #FoxSo-Called news.
Box office is now open!! call now to claim your tixs to see 916-925-5500 for tix
We have and it works great.
oh yeah dude, my ticket was like $74! A little pricey theree.
I'LL HAVE VIP PASSES READY THIS WEEK FOR , PURGATORY **AFTERHOURS** HIT ME UP !!!
grrr, it's not combining them!
lol I haven't decided on signs yet...were down in like 110 tho so I'm sure it'll be fantastic whatever it is
Bible says run the race that is set before YOU. Stay in your lane. Don't worry about judging others.
Why does Central Park have dead spots? Its in the middle of FUCKING MANHATTAN.
hey steve I'd love to help out if I can. Btw your blog is on point. We should meet up if you're in SF.
Keep ur circle small cause once the label comes callin.. everyone gon want something.. even the ones that just kik it and don't do any work!
Yes, please!!
It sounds like my neighbors are cooking in my walls.
About to embark on Easter roadtrip to Outer Banks North Carolina but work not finished, car not packed and not enough sleep! It'll be fun!
I thought it was the middle of what becomes the Hitch - Prometheus - Hancock trilogy.
Never complain.. Never explain..
Time for Sutton's 1st birthday party!!!
BREAKING NEWS : AL GORE invented the INTER-METH !!! Been using it, too...
Text PROOF to 41242 to see the power of #mobile coupons
loves me so much!
Got a phone call from my mom saying we are getting a new dog :) Hella random though
Spider House patio: beer, outdoor fans, rockenroll jukebox. Not bad at 96°F.
Let the #freeagency chaos ... BEGIN!
I have such a beautiful life and feel so thankful to be living it.
can you guess my answer? Do you wonder why I say that all.the.time?
Forget About Me
appreciate the RT! Hope you enjoyed the article!
sounds like something dane would make ;)
Bday shot out to my fav cousin ! Happy Bday bro!
Can't even be mad at anyone but myself.
Let's do it!
Wacthing ni**gas promote video after video with no album is hella funny. I remember when a artist would barely get 3 videos per album......
As soon as I'm done eating Carl's Jr, I look in the fridge for more food.
decided to unfollow someone famous. he dissed Rush. very uncool...
Everyone is tweeting pictures of themselves with no makeup on to I would too but I think id scare him away. O.o
It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong.
FGS, students! When have you read an article that failed to give the last name of someone quoted?
Parra in trouble. 2 on and nobody out.
"and then when you walk back you'll be like I can see clearly now the rain is gone."
Lmao let me be happy to have my iPhone hater
Follow us on Twitter: twitter.com/salutewinebar
I feel fuckin great today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> I hope you all do too
who? Lemme guess...Amanda?
Rich Rod to Miami?
So tired #C2E2 has worn me out
#TeamKris or #TeamBrian? Pick your side www.FreeSweat.com
check out the reverb www.reverbnation.com/mikeepresha & follow me ........history!!!
- next door to JJ sits F.Weins- Prum..great wines. Then not too far away is Monchhof - Robert Eymael.Tell him i sent you.
cause she's a gangsta and possibly one of the funniest women I have had the pleasure to train with.
"ICONiac&Grander since 4.14.11" so you were an ICONiac and GRANDer before they even came up with the name.
yes ma'am!!
yeah! Why aren't you going?
“Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.” ~Frank Sinatra
Aww, thanks Mado! RT : You rock. That is all.
My fav baseball team despite 9 runs down came back to beat a rival, and my fav bball team came back from down 18 to beat NBA's best team.
Did you hear about the witch who did a four year course in ugliness? She finished it in two.
#ROMNEY look like a coward wimpering in the corner. this is the best the GOP can cum up wit? Dis speaks volume either on da party of America
oh I'll be at the LA show. Was hoping to meet you.
RT : Impatience kills more dreams than failure. <-- small steps are huge.
its a 'okay'
trying to make everyone laugh because people are stressed about the AP exam tomorrow :)
S/O to making moves in this industry, follow him ASAP
cool. I don't want to read about it in the Maroon, I want to be an eye witness.
directors are heading over to next week to co-facilitate train-the-trainer faculty workshops.
Here come outraged Packers fans attacking Ryan Grant for not being loyal to the state of WI even though he is a FA and we haven't signed him
Streaming Media West - online video, encoding, transmission, etc... videogeekdom.
So I have #99problems that sang stuck in my head. Guess I should listen to it the hehe
James has been nominated for "Best Guitarist" on the Project Backstage Midwest Music Awards! Thank you all for the nomination!
I was going write up a blog post espousing the evil of 'pink slime', but I decided to grill up some sausages instead
grind time
P90X Chest and Back and Ab Ripper X tonight!
#My10FavoriteMusicVideo gucci this gucci that omg girlz, hello mindless behavior, magic future,the motto young money ....
Definitely. Almost hit six tipsy 'leprechauns' while driving today.
So relieved that is live tweeting the tebow press conference.
#20ThingsAboutMe 16) My family comes first then my boyfriend
“: Guess I couldn't have been any more wrong about Game 2 being a wake up call to the #Flyers.” // Same. ::sigh::
Thanks for the support! :)
Ugh bad day
Heh. I meant an actual photo.
hunger games? Avengers?
Everyone says 'time is money' but the reverse is just as important. Anyone wish you didn't have to make money so you could enjoy your TIME??
Im not matching at all today! Oh well, idc ;)
I suddenly find myself the proud owner of cowboy boots. Hilarious pictures soon to follow.
NIN is my default 3d modeling band.
ok, but no promises. Once my motor gets running, it has a mind of its own
You can do it, Beth!
I've always been nice to everyone, so if I don't like a certain person.. There's a reasonable answer as to why I don't like them
Welcoming aboard to our newest members: Melodie,tee305, dsapple, missnolan and Jackie.
Awhh you are so sweet!! :)
#LetsBeHonest Twitter is only fun when people retweet you.
haha. I like how my torso is really long. And 's head is really big. And you're just perfect. #asusual :)
The #TeenLifeLIVE Community Service Fair is today from 12-4PM at the Chestnut Hill Mall! Be sure to stop by!
Education is the civil rights issues of our generation.
Did your children’s sleep patterns change as they grew? (And are you awake right now?)
That's what the characters call it in the play.
way to jump on you rock! (stefan)
Anyone hosting an #edcamp near them this weekend?
I love that song! Especially while it is raining here in the D. RT #NowPlaying "To The Rain" by Adele
Of course! Always happy to help out with local events :) Especially when they're delicious!
It's okay!
Congrats to on being our 1000th follower. He'll get a cd, 7" vinyl, sunglasses, and some free downloads. 1500 here we come!
Doing homework because, well, I'm being forced to.
R.I.P. Dick Clark...You brought so much joy to the world through your love of music...May your spirit soar forever in the heavens!!!
Gym time!
Had the awesomest time at my school dance ;) <3
Happy Mother's Day to all of the beautiful strong women in the universe. You are the mothers of MATTER. You are needed, wanted, and loved.
Hey thanks!....all over the place this week.
What business school gives us more than anything is the attitude of solving problems and finding opportunities that are not so obvious.
my eye hurts too much
some cameras have that option. Not any of mine -- yet!
we're living in parallel universes.
I used to like #oomf alot but all those feelins went down the drain!!!
Clementine St has some great blocks near the El. A couple in need of help by Frankford Ave & that's what is for!
I think I may see that baseball movie with brad pitt. Just to support the man I lost my dream virginity to
Dreamin Wit the Lights On....#PureGenious!!!
checked your work. Looks amazing. Thanks for the follow. Following back.. Xoxo :)
my sister and I want to meet you! I really hope we get the chance! Bring on March 6!!!
I'm fairly confident there is a crop circle in the middle of this #LSU and #Arkansas game.
The next generation of DNS services is at Interop - Comodo booth
Hankism #8: Your competition is working while you are at rest. Bring me to your team as a partnering CFO sleep can wait.
I just coughed so hard that my heart skipped a beat 3 times!
Funny thing of the day: Hearing an older, male professor say, "I always just call those 'hair pretties'" regarding ponytail holders.
Tea's flavenoids are responsible for it's reputation for good health. Antoixidant, anticarcinogenic & prevent free radical damage, to boot!
My weekly tip... If your waiting an extra long time to use the bathroom and a man comes out, let the next person in line deal with his funk.
Zeitler not a pulling guard, better prospect is Silatou IMO
Losing your voice a week before your show...
go for anansi boys. It is less to understand and a lot more fun to read. Less of an opus more of a good time
There are 30 stories on the first page of Hacker News, every one of them is Steve Jobs.
that's what everyone keeps telling me...
Yes! Sounds like a great plan :)
Looking forward to Filming on Wednesday!
Corporate finance has taught me well: amortizing my study time over the course of the day, in between Hulu and meals.
... Dreams that are powered by Love, fueled with Prayer, and driven by God cannot fail. ~ Shelly Mecum
This is awesome! HAHA
Florida Presidential Debate!
a very old kind
OwnX Technologies & PCM/Image-Tek team up @ #GOA2012 in booth 337 to show comm. quality digital label printing/finishing systems
Will never take my index finger for granted again.
do ever come to connecticut?
I'll only have about 1.5 hours between when I get home and the start of Sabbath tomorrow. Meal is 1 hour after that.
Oh my goodness!!! They should've at least gotten some that fit. Guess you could slip into one leg like a sleeping bag .. haha.
He's self-deporting.
It's been a very emotional 30 hours for me. I had to make a very tough decision to physically leave people I love!
Not going to lie, certain noises mar me pretend dinosaurs do exist right now. I just close my eyes & imagine a brontosaurus.
When does Bowman start blaming his personnel moves?
In Hoc my brother.
-- that's what I need today
I just met multi-year #ImagineCup winner at #Windows8STC 2012 #Germany Finals. Blog interview coming ASAP!
Much Respect goes out to the Nuggets. They are 1 high level 2 guard away. Look forward to seeing them grow.
Can NOT wait till Graduation... (:
Are you a Bike Club member? If so, you'll get FREE BEER at the Bike Industry Party for Check the newsletter for details.
scramble with friends is way cooler than words with friends
Disruptive innovation? Find an unlikely area of opportunity & make small changes to existing solutions
Anything you fully do is an alone journey.
About to take a shower, lay down, then Z
because were gonna make giant dinasaur chicken nuggets and kick people :)
Not sure why I felt it necessary to run to the grocery store for Nutella at 10pm.
For the record I know its pneumonia not ammonia lol. I'm bout to get some soup and take a long shower bath
That's what happens when your customer-base is dying off at the speed of sound.
Visited Gatlinburg and saw mirror mazes, outdoor mazes, laser tag, and mini golf. What's your favorite attraction in touristy areas?
its room full of niggas what u following me 4!!!! S/O THE WEEKEND AND FRANK OCEAN, VERY TALENTED ARTIST
4 more follower <3 you guys are amazing
I'm So Happy It's Your Birthday Tomarrow!(: Hope It's Greaat!
Thanks, dont forget about our promos: 15% online delivery on weekends and free small coffee drink evryday after 3pm
What comedy used to be to thursdays, sex is to sundays.
Record 1,364 Entries Accepted for 2012 U.S. Women&#39;s Open
Hope that txplant shows up soon.
He's doing great! “: break a leg at ur #NABshow2012 panel!”
Before I made it to work, I stopped by my polling precinct and
Very excited to be part of the promotional team from LA for MDW with the best team!
dts real #salute needed to hear dat
Blessed to be awake another day.
Honor= honesty, fairness and integrity Courage= the quality of mind or spirit enabling a person to face difficulty, danger, pain, w/o fear
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
Wishing you a great day, full of sunshine and excitement!
follow me & ill buy you an ice cream ~
I love first friday
What the fuck was that???
59 followers n decreasing-TWITTER, he have a problem
#JustPromiseMe i will have the chance to get married one day.
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
the feelings mutual boo boo <3
Finished the run tonight and I'm absolutely beyond exhausted. This is an amazing, draining show.
Majority of my past is a mistake and I'm still learning from those mistakes, But I can proudly say my daughter wasn't one! <3
Check out Dance Happens Inc. FREE dance classes
dislikes all south siders
Let's stay cautious #Pens fans, but gotta know we've got all the momentum, our goalie has mojo back, and fan support.
- I assure you that DC is not handling this snow better then anyone, anywhere.
try it, so good. Like an orgasm in your mouth!
Mark your calendars...it's less than a month away...Paco's 11-1-11...will you be there? Spread the word.
Life is great - I can't stop smiling! Congrats on the book deal!
I told you we knew each other when we were little.! Haha.(:
Big Mac w/ Fries FTW :x
Take five shots- blow dry hair, take five shots- straighten hair, take five shots- apply make up, take five shots-get dressed.
Spend my whole day with a lot of my family it was the best!(: I love my crazy family to death<3 #GoodDay<U+2665>
I can't sleep for shit.
This teacher in the mourning yelled at me and my sister "BE ICONIC!!!"
we're overdue.
#IUsedTo hate bieber..
Do you yawn in your sleep?
80's Night Every Wednesday at Amber!!
study time oh yes
RT I will always want to shop no matter what time it is.
I want an Android version!
Who manages international conflicts of laws? Legislative efforts trail, don't keep up with the conflicts.
Give to !!! RT I guess Ali has to be a winner OF Torrey wins the bet.
I want a (hot) gay bestfriend.
I'm sorry you have to go through some of this shit. Not all Reds fans are assholes.
Interesting that actual indie bands don't often seek out the 501c3. What's it about theater and theater artists that make them?
can u plz follow me
I almost tweeted instead of haha
feels so great to do good in school
yea RIP me
Off to see the wizard.
do that then I gotchu.
Happy Birthday!! Hope it's a great one!
13days of school left, hell yeahh.
Cute movie night with the girls and the babe! <3
Its 7:11am and im still awake cant sleep
Probably just gonna pass out for a good couple hours <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+270C>
don't ask questions that don't need to be ask Jordan of course
Hahahaha I'll make sure to properly inform everyone next time ! Lol
Thanks sweetie!
Dirks going H.A.M
If by "nouvelle" you mean "white trash," then yes. Surely wine with cream of mushroom soup would explode the universe.
Ask me questions anything so bored done packing ask me question!!! (:
": stop drinking!">lol brain busted!! Deep thought
#dhtrial something mentioned about telling jury if we have enough time I think.
Stop changing your icon, it's like you're trying to kill me or something.
Another long day... Just getting home after a somewhat frustrating night
LOVE it! Just posted your pic to our FB:)
Everett, MA now has an after-school music program. I am happy to be part of the team creating the project Youth Making Music Together.
next time one of us is gonna hold you down...that sounded wrong too o.o
=/ iono ... its possible! LOL i really have NO clue.
#Kobe (nuff said)
yo HAPPY BDAY bro!! I'll hit u & Ant up once I get back to Vegas, let's go bowling or somethin!! Congrats on the new spot too!
in color-correction phase one of the last phases to a completed project.
All we are saying is give peace a chance- John Lennon..I luv dis quote so much!..Ever1 who reads dis and agrees follow me...Peace and Love:)
well i had a bday and every fan of get a happy bday tweet i did not and feel ignored...i just wish he wud notice me!! 143 ??
My brother just farted so loud i thought the Rapture was starting. (But it was just the rupture lolz)
haha I'm on a training workout right now but it's only been a week so nothing new yet....! I'm pushing though! lol
IKR...I'm trying to be careful....have you watched ABDC...sorry to switch subjects
very evident in their lackof rebounding.
We haven't been yet...haven't been in 3 years! Heading the opposite way (to Hawaii) next week but maybe when we get back.
Today $10 buckets and free pool!
Bob? RT : Jim Pendergraph confirms to supporters he'll challenge Bob Pittenger in a runoff...
LMFAO GO BACK IN MY CLOSET.
10 minutes till the show!!!
Flammable and inflammable mean the same thing? Since when? Well, off to the ER, I guess.
Urghh I'm so jelly of samara right now! Her boyfriend is flying in tomorrow...LUCKY ASS! I wish I could see my boyfriend!:(
Thank you! Yes I'm doing well! How about you? Olympics coming up but can't compare to Vancouver!
feeling like doing seafood style tomorrow nite at least the things im going to need is going to be cheap
bahbah-scream is my personal fave.
lmao oh wow um idk wht to say to that ...
Zero to extremely busy in 60 seconds
thanks man! Please tell your bros is you like it we need more likes on FB!!
Lol.... New number come out 2morrow, but its exclusive; so only a hand full can get'em.... Bids go in now. Dnt miss out. Lol
oh for sure(: love him!
At 's legislative XML training today. Thanks to our host ! Tag for event today is
Wish I could see him! RT : Just saw as Magic Johnson in "MAGIC/BIRD". He was AWESOME!!!
Got that jet life tee
You were awesome yourself great job RT : Thanks for letting me host your show in Atlanta! I learned a lot from you.
I'm doing great! I'll be in NY next month but no NJ. How are you?
Thank YOU! it was a great meeting. Can't wait for #Baltimore's membership committee meeting on Wednesday. :-)
Someone is singing 's song at karaoke. Not okay
How wonderful! We are so glad to be part of your meals!
sad songs and crazy goodbyes hopeless days and sleepless nights without you, oh whoa, without you ...i just made that up...awkward
follow (if you don't already ) he once played onstage with Prince
Sunday night means thinking about the work week ahead - what are you going to do this week to make your business boom?
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most clever, but the one most responsive to change.
Dined at Iron Fish in far West End tonight. Good food & service, not so good for prople with food allergies. Best=Brio's Stony Point.
Can't wait for tomorrow. Last time we meet at the High School. Expecting great things.
Everything at Sports is half off tonight! Remember, cover is only $5 for every two people!
I know, right? I'm thinking bb got himself a girlfriend who finally convinced him of how attractive he is when he dances.
why would it be?
Brazilian things we use! Bracelets, earrings ... I do not know! :) you can choose
hanging out with friends, eating brie, playing with
I got so drunk last night, idk if I'll be able to drink this weekend!
James needs to get an account up and going!
Haha, yeah. I also woke up at 10, so I think I would of been a tad late if a went.
Join the West Virginia Young Democrats on Feb. 15th at Adelphia Sports Bar & Grille from 5pm-8pm!
Econ of Counterfeit author Alan Zimmerman mentioned RT : Counterfeiting is big business accounting for between 5%-10% of global trade
I've got a crush on you<3
Pimpin ain't easy, but it's necessary!
Tightening the screws on the film today. If you will. E.T. screening in the cemetery tonight before final submission touches tomorrow.
people use SEM links navigatonally all the time...
Yesterday's Player of the Game: Bill Schroeder, who went 2-for-5 and hit a home run to start the five-run rally in the ninth!
Well, not exactly, but oh well. Still a great turnout.
A true man does not need to romance a different girl every night, a true man romances the same girl for the rest of her life. - Ana Alas
okay good. I'm trying to do better.
Awesome time playin the Loop, can't wait for the next show at The Middle East Corner on Monday the 26th
DISCOVER more about Church this Sunday. Discover class from 4-7pm at Ambassador Presbyterian in Apex! Dinner provided!
I love charts! Trying to figure out how to get this one on my wall by my desk :)
Now onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Ray Ellin
oh i HATE hearing/watching myself. i feel so stupid/awkward
Delight Me was grateful to hear innovative ways to inspire and engage patients thru social media at #smwhc today!
Love my heated seats!
then don't follow boring people!
I LOVE making Vancouver frustrated. You can see the riot in their eyes...
I'm so there.
hahaha okay! Omg shes so scary..... Im scared, shes gonna harrass us!!!
I swear it aint been a day since that damn baby gaga shit started on fb that i havent seen sumbdys preg progress
Absolutely I liked!! What's your email...I have a question for you.
Name to remember for tonight's draft: Chris Berman. He'll be the asshole annoying you for three hours.
Watching the burning plain such an amazing film but so depresing! omg
ew. im all alone with a man driver. im scared
Almost that time for me to go home and that my ass to sleep
Express Mani & Pedi is BACK for SUMMER!!!! ONLY $40
whoa;;kool-aid hit the spot!
I don't understand why some people are just such fucking idiots!
At for some din & vino with :)
The girl at albersons just eye raped me.
It is too bad you clowns don't report real news. No one takes you serious.
After all, what's a life, anyway? We're born, we live a little while, we die
Mother's Day Wknd :FREE OIL CHANGE for single moms & Military wives on Sat. Gut-busting hysterics, gifts & cuteness on Sunday!
Why put Davis back in?
Tune in today at 5pm for another big ass concert annoucement. BAM!
2011 Giants - torture! (and not the good kind)
what card game are you playing?
lol..yes. education is sometims lacking!
This amber alert on tv hella sad
25% of all persons injured in DWI related accidents are age 21-24. MCC is doing a DWI reenactment of a fatal crash today at 12:30.
aww I feel so honored!
Reminder: if you say you're doing UX without Accessibility, you're not doing User Experience. You're doing something else
Checking out Miss Muffet Swedish Cottage Marionette Theatre on this rainy afternoon... Light rain in background adds to the magic.
Tim Harrower: Newspapers are afraid to have FUN
I have no idea. I'm so done with it
Seeing snow flurries out my window? I just want the warm weather!
+1 RT : If you want to get work done, turn off Facebook and turn on John Coltrane.
"No great man ever complains of want of opportunities". Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hey, congrats on being Twitchyed!
on the new gig! (Although Vertex, my alma mater, must be sad!)
Tupac & Biggie >>>>> any other rappers .
I'm sorry for your site frustrations. I have sent an email w/information on our backup policy and resolution suggestions. ^CB
My new favorite place to eat is Kabab Hut on Balt. Nat. Pike.....the food is amazing!
and i miss you i'll be back. just have to make it through this semester
Thanks for the share!
Watching "The O'Reilly Factor" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I like the extra company in the mornings. Trish Murphy in the house. #KUOWPledge 206-543-9595...and thanks!
Hospitality Design Magazine awards Crystal first-ever cruise Design Award - Travel Daily News International
At the #dclupuswalk with 1000s of other purple ppl!
A thank you
#RIPSwiftyStephanie just close your eyes, the sun is going down, you'll be alright, no one can hurt you now </3 you will be missed.
already followed that one. have a good night take care
Stop being in denial.
Thanks for your support!
In other news, the Ying Yang Twins played a frat party at Elon this weekend. It's a long, hard fall off the billboard charts.
lets see what you can do... lets talk in the next few days!
If you are a mahomie or not you should go buy 11:11 on iTunes this song is so awsome I love it
Skies are not cloudy, the sun is around, don't you want to be in the 70s the 70s
I never get tired of looking at ur amazing body!!!
Angrey in the booth always makin hits we runnin like a factory over here follow us
libraries may not, but library orgs (a la DPLA) might. Without a parent institution $$ needs to roll in somehow
“: RT : The #Titans have released fullback Quinn Johnson”
The strength of the heart comes from the soundness of the faith. Saudi Arabian Proverb
My body is numb but tingling. Petrified.
oh come on man you're better than that. ryan dunn died this summer.
Smoking a Coronado by La Flor.
We can't wait for both of you!
I'm gonna cry over SPN. I know it. They will make me cry. They always do.
when I saw you and the boyz on ABDC, me and my friend bayleigh literally started jumping up and Down and started screaming! Ily!
Where i come from, the pine trees are singin' the song of the south :)
Creativity, collaboration, and accomplishment
I literally cannot explain how unbelievable today was...
Does that include the percent who do not have phones? Not that 59% is unreasonable
Flo Rida has me convinced that I'm a wild one.
i have no idea you raunchy prostitite
Irving Wallace~ To be ones self and unafraid whether right or wrong is more admirable than the easy cowardice of surrender to conformity.
Who was the scariest boss you had to face in the Resident Evil games? ^NN
Still hating packing with a passion.
Check out some of our #Experis #recruiters in #Milwaukee!
Happy friday the 13
Thx for following all
The spot ,,, and the man for education in WI ...
Thanks for the love, lady!
Right back at you cousin! Miss you as well! RT : love you man!
HOLY FUCK. WHEN IS THE SILYMI DATE FOR SAN DIEGO?! I'M GOING TO FUCKING CRY. OMG.
Hey you lovely followers, I hope you all had a very Merry Christmas & a great New Years! I'm back from my trip & ready to work on new stuff!
Oh My God! You were a beast out there! It was crazy
I was wrong about it all along
$47.38, the estimated production budget for that video. I am not sure I truly bought into the "story arc" or "love interest"
U know it man. And u better rep #Texas gear proudly.
The vomiting cold-open was BRILLIANT.
I hear that JC. Hipsters annoy me! And I liked Bon Iver's performance.
ah how nice.. well we drive on the right side of the road..
Trying to find a link to a vid of doin' that faux Guy Ritchie flick from LOL.
One more thing, I am happy to be another set of eyes for you if you like.
True colors come out wen u mad n wen u drunk
Who has two thumbs and caught her hit hair straightener between her bare knees? If you guessed me, you'd be correct :/
Hey guys! Send me your email address. Want to send you an invite to a party at next week!
Cespedes will get signed by the Cubs or Marlins, because they'll pay the most for a centerfielder
Doc will work his magic at halftime and Celtics will shut down the Highlight Factory shortly after halftime.
If u see Josh Barfield....buy him dinner....and a drink or two...the guy wants to gain weight!!
lets just say when girls jump up and down....i like it....lmaol
The mid week bump is here! #Wednesday you are my friend, here to wrap up the week :)
Purpose of marketing is to meet human needs profitably.
Mental note: Need to remember to actually eat on my lunch break! I think someone left a couple chicken legs in the office fridge *mwahahaha*
Arizona needs Murray St. to beat Tenn St..... Bubble Busters...
that's not it. But good to keep in mind.
Unleash him! RT : Join the movement: RT to
Welcome to our learning chat. Please start by introducing yourself and what you'd like to gain tonight.
#Shoutout to all the women who wear they panties so tight they kitty cat can't breath
You are the univers girl
Thanks for your support. We appreciate it!
Thanks for the #FF Love. Enjoy your weekend. I hear it's gonna be nice!
Done with smilers right now..
Wrapping up #WCR Governing Board meeting. Looking forward to a great lunch with mortgage panel.
Iced coffee+grey line map French terry trousers rolled up+ tank top= fantastic day NY We heart you!
PLEASE BE OPEN TOMORROW!
Im always there for people when they need me but its never the other way around.
LFC is coming to the states this summer!!!!! Dear god please come to the DC area! May be hard to travel with a new infant!!!
"It's not about the beer ... it's about the beer..." RIP, Don Younger. You will be missed.
tHank you to my FANS
RT : #demopit is in full swing Many companies represented.
Thank you! ": thanks for the follow I love me some #DunkinDonuts!"
idk just cause
Learn your place.
Hey look! Just got a new follower....ha!! Btw I can use a new beanie!!!
Watching The Padawan Menance with little man for the 12th time. Lego+star wars = comic genius
If I now use my Twitter account for work purposes, do I have to stop cursing and tweet about more than bad traffic, weather and redwings?
didn't know old 21 jump street was funny thought it was a serious show????
Happily just cancelled my Netflix account!!! Who doubles their prices in a recession?
Chris Brown - Turn Up The Music i like is song to
I feel the samee way I'm bouta go to a Massage place lol ..
Pressing on, forgetting what lies behind. The foolish, weak people in the world will be used to humble the wise & strong. Who are you?
20 more analogies!
Why does everyone have a bonfire right now and I'm laid up in bed?
agreed sir.
the girl with kaleidoscope eyes
Hello delbius please help my friend Her account is suspended right now. thank you her account is
12 hour work day coming to an end. please let there be no traffic on 85, or u might see a brother do something very unlibrarianlike.
At this GOAP party. Thanks to for all the hard work!!
i will
I sold a Vespa at the Portland Auto Show! Woohoo! Ok, now where' s my commission?
Every time I watch Intervention, I secretly hope the druggie will O.D.
How long does it take a nigger bitch to take a shit? 9 months.
told me that he get his dreads done by lil wayne
thanks for the mentions, #JAM2012 is in full swing!
Bosh just watchin the game 2nite
Allison leaves lasting impression on her family
#HeavyEquipment sounds like fun RT LOL I have a shovel, the ground is too hard though! I'm thinking some heavy equipment
": Rhianna acting now huh ... Bitch lol" you a hater lol
Damn Gorgi just can't get it going
alright, i got you
I can't watch that sweetheart. I just want to drive over & start organizing/tossing/sanitizing
Bionic is good indeed. Green's my color. I think they make KTTape in that color.
I took 's advice - its all steel cut oatmeal now... and it's fantastic.
we are waiting for U <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
morning coffee, news, some bible then off to work in the kibbutz. those that messaged me i will hit you back today (GMT+2). great day!
Ma girl just got her Twitter page rock she need sum #followers >>>>>>>> #ff #teamfollowback show her how we roll
I have a ton of new info to process courtesy of the
is that true?
y'all r always off! Lol. I wish we got some time off. This wknd was the most I've been off in a long time.
has problems
Bored in the house been sleep allday
I will never for the life of me understand the male race.
with age comes appreciation for such things
THX for the Blog comments, enjoyed your thoughts as well. We do start with empty buckets and then fill them. THX again,
dont be insecure ! ownn those fat rolls !
It's Tuesday. Make the most of it!
The inability to CC people on emails epidemic is striking hard, of late. We can weather the storm together, guys! One click at a time.
nerds are more talented than this “: This Super Bowl halftime event looks like the talent show from Revenge of the Nerds.”
Nina Simone's signature tune, "My Baby Just Cares for Me." Did you know it was written for the 1930 musical... fb.me/1fGDe8IqE
Godspeed, little doodle.
I'm about to be 30 I can't be like those basketball wives with this stuff
Omw to #Work probably another 12 hour shift
A's game at work? Awesome.
You might be lonely but not literally alone :-)
did you see anyone in concert this month?
Amazing dinner at Boundary Road last night. So happy for Brad, Sarah and the rest of the crew!
Mitt Romney was a bully at 18 and a dog abuser at 36
yes I am #bits haha take me food!
how awesome would thy be if he came to ACL!
BETTY DRAPER IS FAT. Who thought we would ever see the day.
My website, www.bizvertizing.com, is near completion. Check it out!
3 days off with the exception of a lame ass meeting.
Is taking a creative writing class this semester. Will this class be the impetus for that inner Pulitzer-Prize-writing-self?
Bringing up a family should be an adventure, not an anxious discipline in which everybody is constantly graded for performance. --Milton R.
God night at Rustys tonight lot o fun karaoke
Most epic movie ever! #ProjectX xD
So a large chai tea from coffee bean is 350 calories....get it with no sugar added, its 150...good to know.
im gonna go out wed-sat of this week ill let u know!
Thanks to the thousands at the market on Saturday. Feeling somber today as our prayers go out to those killed and injured at the fair
I jus wish my baby was in my arms . That would make up for this messed up day
Are you going to LPS this year?!??!
Celebrity sighting of the day...Al Roker!
I want you to give us all new titles when we're up there next week
Chris Bosh is out for the series!!! This is big for Indy!!!
The Voice finale tickets!? Baller.
RT : At noon today we'll pull one winner in our #mothersday #befearless sweeps to win a $25 card! Enter:...
Thanks, Rebecca! There are many arts nonprofits on - u can add it as a cause in Settings & find them easily. Enjoy!
So glad you are enjoying it!
Thanks to the for an outstanding Lincoln Day Dinner. I appreciate all the support you have given us for education reform!
A #BFSportsMoment - today in 1971 the #Boston #Patriots became the
thanks for the RT this AM. Happy Monday to you all!
Something is about set it off on
That's what I thought.
dream a little dream
congratulations to class of 2011!!
Mockingjay was so sad D:
Joan Carris' MAGIC AT THE BED AND BISCUIT comes out in Jan from Candlewick Press! For more, visit www.joancarrisbooks.com
The Town Car comes in four trim levels: Signature, Signature plus, Signature L, and Designer Serious
Thank you so much for your beautiful review! We highly appreciate it!!!
dreamed an ex of mine wrote a thinly veiled novel about me.
too! RT : Playing a late show at Club Cafe in Pittsburgh this Friday night! show starts at 10pm
"oh no it's cool dude, brought my own"
Don't worry about fixing ur fruit. Fix ur root.
just wondering...it's a short week, so why isn't my todo list any shorter?
That's his point!
I need to get better...
I do... Didn't know your cousin was a big tennis fan, did you... Haha
Absolutely positively surprised - there are NO commercials in the live webstream of
thanks! great picture - miss you !
ahahah man gunna hit the night out like im crazy puff puff pass
Best part about Hemma's Kitchen - getting hugs on the way out! Namaste.
Even thought beaches attract tools I love them & I don't want to leave!! I feel like I'm on vacation!
lol... funny but so true...
The medical term for a hiccup is a singultus.
Love camex even when I don't have chaped lips got to have it on
noo not anymore youre my short stalker
Learning about Next Level Leadership with
This cocktail waitress at the bar who "has a deal in place with Sony" tried to tell me y'all will never make money rapping. Smhhh
SHUT UP NO my sister doesn't haves fan in her room. ITS FUCKING ALIENS. I HATE THEM Imm in my closet
I dont think i have what it takes
When u was younger it seem like u had more fun, when u older u got more freedom...
No, no one ever trades on inside info in the stock market that's just in the movies $GRPN
whens our first game?
did not even suit for the #shootout #DontAskMeWhy the girl must have him on
And that would be something to play for RT don't think BYU is as locked into bowl. In 2010 ESPN moved Boise to Vegas bowl.
But I am getting a nice little refund.
1200 boxes of Girl Scout cookies have landed at the office!
The Kings had more NJD came into Phil and lost game one and won the next four- once they find the weakness they use it against them
I AM GETTING A STORY REPRINTED IN A BEST OF 2010 LESBIAN SPEC FIC ANTHOLOGY YES I AM SHOUTING
Gotta love a conference that doesn't squeeze every last dollar out of floor space. Beautiful exhibit hall.
Its so hot, and this bus smells!!! :(
totally gonna be me
If u want stuff done your way... do it yourself...
Hate when ugly bitches eye fuck me
Haven't been on here in a while... getting all ready for camping!!! Can't wait to go, just bought a 22 foot camper and we're OUTTA HERE
Better late than never! RT : wheuu your amazing how come I never heard of you before?
o ok
Hearing "We Will Rock You" by Queen on the radio totally pumping me up to face work after a week away at
Tomorrow is Destiny's birthday right ?
thank you. The rhetoric rages on. :)
In residential setting there is flexibility, but conceptually it is not a room if you can touch both sides. Corridor?
Nothing helps you GET THINGS DONE like a TIME CRUNCH.
Watching #thevoice and recording #HIMYM :) its gonna be a good night :)
shenanigans!! This cannot be!
3/18/1758->R Washington:I shoud not have receivd them had I not been at great pains&expence myself to Send them. So Indolent is Captn Dick!
thank you! so excited and honored! Couldn't do it w/o
lol cool beans bro.
No problem(:
Work to do, bills to pay, but at least there's food to eat! :D
So far today I've eaten five eggs and a whole cheese pizza...what have you done with your life?
Your best content writing occurs when you write what you know.
pot pie is everywhere now, go for it
Today I'm admiring Hamilton and King's tour de force Camillus series of 1795-1796.
Thanks everyone who came to You Are Your Own! It has beem EXTENDED! This Sat same place 7-10pm! See u there!
I was literally just about to text you lol
That was the best vitamin water commercial! Love the sexy sax man but it was even better when the random antelope plowed him over. Haha!
Bored, but don't wanna give in to Duty Free shopping.
sucks we dont talk any more all cuz i didnt have the balls to meet u.
Best performance on #TheVoice was tony Lucca !!
RT If u have major Bieber FEVER!
i love
You don't need anyone else's permission 2 b happy.Your life is amazing not because someone says it is but because u choose 2 see it as such
thats what sup, so where you from and is the weather good there lol
"I have an R&B song for every ill." Is Tom Haverford? (yes).
Hello, I would like to say many things but most important is that in every song I steal your heart ... Especially you Niall..
hell yeah we're in the semis!!!!!
thanks homie... nice to follow you too!
yezzir man i had to get back quick cuz it was only gnna get worse from there yadigg
Working out hungover sucks so bad but at least I got it done!
Whoo-Hoo!!! Way to go Into The Woods with Kyle Anderson!!!
mamma says snakes are the devil
I just got my hair cut too!
or with their mom.
Since y'all ain't gonna be doing shit… Who wants to go to London with me in July lol
When I get my truck, I want a huge batman symbol on the back window;)
IPEX, in case you're wondering, is the InterParliamentary EU information eXhange. IPEX.eu contains database on EU affairs
Why do people still read her? Ugh!!!
Is there any way to just subscribe to your Unfiltered magazine? I read the latest issue online line and loved it.
i just realized bro we were in the same music production class last year i think haha
If is the only dubstep artist a girl knows then she's too young for you bro
Did I just hear the name Blue Ivy is being copyrighted? Are you kidding me? Crossing that off my list of future baby names.
Every time you come around something magnetic pulls me down.
Chillin with the girls #pubofpennvalley where's my friend
hey, when we do the questions on composite functions do we have to include the domains of g, f, and (fog)(x)?
Riff Raff has affordable prices, great taste in styles, makes shopping less of a hassle, and... LOLZ ;)
“: i'm ready to watch the hunger games again!” Me too !!!
wta it do dont tell them i talk to u im stell on the shit list but jest wonted to say hi and
Congrats to , the Official Product Sponsor of the National Collegiate Sales Competition -
The largest population sector in the world who also happens to be the most savvy in connection technology - 4 billion under 30 years of age.
The "sounds good" ad campaign must mean it doesn't sound all that good. why bring up the issue?
doesn't matter.. More ppl like watching pacman fight cuz he's more entertaining.. Floyd wants everything his way.. Not gonna happen
Thanks for the add! Have you checked out the new bartab 2.0 app? bartab has some healthy drink options too!
Commr Ted Schneyer: this is not MDP discussion repackaged; std to not harming/advancing core vales of loyalty, independce and impartiality.
RT : If your resume mentions Yoga or Pilates we know you're not a good match for our culture. -Krispy Kreme HR <<LOL
Thanks to for dropping off 36 new winter hats for our guests today!
Happy to hear you'll be here on July 26th for Ignite Newark I!
I knew you would come thru for me!
“: Don't Matter, You gonna drop them charges...sorry just heard it on the fan, Couldn't resist:-)” Love it!!!
Agreed. Not sure what's going on, but I like it!! RT Mild weather in CLE isn't just different, it's downright bizarre.
for sure just page me.
This is the longest February ever.
[That awkward time when I want to brew a pot of coffee and call it a new day, but know I'll crash at noon....]
Do not believe that possibly you can escape the reward of your action. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
KGW's Nick Allard weighs in on Prince Charles doing the weather on BBC during PM Drive on FM News 101 today
I'm OBSESSED with frank ocean's novacane...ugh amazing
Listen to at 7:35 as joins us! It's album release day! With me
JPMorgan trading loss an upset for big US bank credits
even though i am a Ravens fan, gotta say your a class act!
AA customer service is right on point. A joy to work with. Budget Car Rental service was so terrible I will not be using them again.
Celebrating Science Vocab Scores- 3 out of 3 Classes scored all-time highs today! Now going for 4
RT if you've met Austin.
But mine does... RT : If ya mom dnt got twitter stop wishing her happy mothers day on here smh...
Imagine San Diego roadways with 40% more people. You can choose the future of transportation in San Diego—Choose today...
True Match Super-Blendable Compact Makeup by Loreal has aerated elastomeric silicone cross polymers to smooth skin and hide flaws
Happy BDay !!! May your day be filled with LOVE and Blessings !!!
Is so dang gorgeous!:)
If a patient came in and couldn't pay cash or didn't have insurance you better tell him to leave and go to Jackson. My teachers a
Flyers vs Penguins - one great game at a time...
not yet :(
Yeah, children's theater got more recognition than STC. Has to be changed.
hey beautiful, have a blessed day!
A kid turning down D1 rides to go to a d3...#imsureitscompletelylegit.. SOUND FAMILIAR????
awww, thanks girl! it means a lot! :) you guys did great too!
see like I said not bad just interesting ;)
tough one! 3's, 4's, 11's, 13's and 5's if I had a top five
Nice! I hope you will enjoy pro guitar mode!
That movie make's me happy.
Officially switched to Mother's Day Mode: abandoning Him & Her in the living room for a bubble bath. Ah....
for real! Some farmers just boarded and boy does it smell like it :(
I JUST BOUGHT MY FIRST CAR. This deserves a shootout. #teamtoyota #langhorne You're the best.
Looking at Baby picturess & just laughing your as of !
Oregon City :D
Good morning my friends and fam!!!!!! Yet another day here with the ones I love!!!! Thank u lord for that<3
Good Morning! It's going to be a beautiful Saturday! Today is the Werst Halloween Party! Are you coming??
Yes - need to create pull systems, not push systems. Relevant for many contexts outside of health
Have you tried yoga?
Fantastically fun audition today for a Disney webseries! I was inspired to be funny(er) all day long!
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. ~ Henry Ford
the work of geniuses
Happy New Year everyone enjoy 2012 and stay productive!
haha :'D well.. u know..^^ haha yeah its true xDD
lol I no
THANK YOU SO MUCH THAT WAS AMAZING
Separation of Church & State? Oops ah about that ...
Great idea, insert a podcast page on your site and link to it via twitter.
I got to go in a castle today ...at school..it was made outta cereal boxes, but it was awesome ! :)
Glee totally butchered starships.
A lot of big plans 2012 is my year
Thanks very much Mike. I appreciate it. See you soon.
House-buying FTW! Congrats.
u r welcome:)
We can't wait to see you! RT : Can't wait to be back in the Midwest on Thursday!!!
20 minutes till the phillyhunt question, it will come at noon and be about the Daily News. You can win a giftcard from !
There are guys that get all the luck and guys,like me, that get f#
head of Peabody marketing Richard Selden talks to students about Peabody, marketing & public relations. more to come...
I can't even get that for myself.
gotta have Class !
got a shirt to. Match them yo on pre order
I hate when good things happen to bad people
In one gram of soil, about ten million bacteria live in it
sounds good :)
Thanks! RT : RE: recommendations for good gastropubs in
well you never know you can be a
That's better.
I LOVE YOU GUYS.
Looking for someone to present a solution for how things are going to get better.
Can't wait to work out with and in the morning. Y'all betta be ready its bout to go down!
Abby! It has been too long, how are you?!?
Happy Sunday! :) Hope everyone is having a blessed & wonderful day! <3
If I ever teach a Literary Frauds class again, these men who blog as lesbians will definitely be in the mix.
WOW - she's back!
7. "The Nature Boy" IC Flair f/ Peet Caliber - "The Product" (Produced by Mekz Uno "The Black Mage")
Followers go follow for great quotes :D
crazy day today!
Yep I play middle :)
Starting to feel raw around the edges. If something could get less stressful right about now, I'd surely appreciate it...
i hate feeling sick
When is Ed sheerans next Tour!?
She got a cake on her, She gotta cake on her
Was enjoying the new radio on the way to the daycare this morning. From the backseat, my daughter yells, "Daddy, TURN THAT DOWN!"
Best practice: connect employees to what they do in the world / how they make a real difference, says at
#21 thank god it won, best album indeed.
Had a Fab day with my bestie :)
New photog's who run out and buy the most expensive high end camera and think they will be great cause of that should get a major clue...
you can see my house in the movie
#rosebowluw Oregon TD run by Anthony Thomas 91 yards is Rose Bowl record.
Some people can't drive. Those people live in Madison.
If you tweet the pin of a photo from your facebook page that links back to your blog, does that guarantee you ultimate SEO?
#ows Locked out of park so the people are taking over Bway & Houston goin north.
Now hiring servers for Ovation American Grill inside Ipic Entertainment. Stop by to fill out an application
and the whole complexion of the inning is different and do i have to listen jack curry more come on
Go & See Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol if You haven't already done so! Bloody Brilliant Film! Anil Kapoor Totally Rocked it! JHAKAAS!
Every single aspect of your life is regulated by unelected bureaucrats. They tell you what you can do and how. Time to stop them folks.
Unscientifically, $610 million.
I know right hot Stuff!!!!!
If you can, visit B.O.'s Fish Wagon on Caroline St. Best grouper sandwich you'll ever have!
you were honored last night and will live in infamy as the 1st ever female caller. I made sure Jeryl knew that too.
RT I’m committing to telling you about my podcast on commitment. Acting without the Drama, on iTunes!
Can't wait to see everyone this Sunday! We hear will be there too.
Starving, but there is nothing to eat
don't make me subtweet you ..
alas, Internet woes. The hashtag #swsterling seemed pretty good. Another annual great end of show rant.
Follow or I don't even
Eating popcorn getting ready to watch the first season of The Boondocks
that makes two of us!
Dang I got 7 new followers but I lost like 7495.!!!!!
Sounds like a blast. I haven't gone native on Whac-A-Mole since an iPad version came out. :)
LOL!!!! Love it!! Thanks for guessing!
It's very warm night in the library. I should have dressed for summer today.
Who feel like talking????
SUCH a good day!
when are you gonna post a new chapter?
I NEED A NAP. srsly.
He know exactly where its at on the ipod & he knows more words than me!
#4WordsIDontWantToHear I'm gonna report you as spam well I did not do anything I'm harmless
Goin to work
I have had many business owners refuse to change their site. If you don't improve it, it will go out with the tide.
People got issues
I don't JUDGE off of what a person tells me. I judge off of your actions.
Getting closer to having the itinerary and price of a Welsh Heritage Tour in early August.
yeah i was busy so i couldnt reply earlier..sorry i have other things to do....
I plan to, once the traffic gets up. Still getting this whole thing off the ground.
i loved the wing series especially the flag ones! But i can't find any in my size that are less than $500 ):
Looking forward to tonight's show at The Palladium with Marvin Hamlisch!
you talkin to me bitch?
yes definitely worth a listen! Try oxford comma or something off first album...
yes u are not dreaming! :-)
I want some buffalo wings
Lunch money gets stolen, hide behind the Sisters, and snatched off of a golf cart.
Left early.
I know, very cool marketing idea.
Leave the Holiday baking to your Suga Momma! Place Lush orders today! Don't see your fav cocktail?? Just let me know n I'll make it happen!
Jeffco Destination Imagination teams covered by in
shit what was their names?
Enjoy the Full Moon Magic-use the sexual tension of Scorpio to manifest something earthy, sensual & substantial under the Taurus full moon
So when is coming back to detroit?
It's a Civil War-filled summer ! Dr. Ethan Rafuse discuses the First Battle of Bull Run on July 13th, 6 pm at the Central Lib!
Great man.
Let's all go on a "Vampire Roadtrip" it'll be to die for!
awesome :D
I bet I love you more!
So let's be real, does anyone ever pay attention to the ORDER of their TBR pile on GR?
RT : President Obama makes college more affordable? more grants and fed loans is NOT more affordable - nice SPIN
When Twitter informs me that I've got 1780 unread tweets... yeah, there's a big chance I won't be reading any of 'em. Sorry.
Omg! congrats! u have like the best life!(:
Sweet You've got a Deal :-)
its ok lol
OK YUP THE TRACKS ARE BACK ON BANGIN OUT TO THE BANGERS IM MAKIN ALL DAY GET AT ME DJ PHIL DRUMMIN!!!!
Peep New Mixtape "Bigger Than Life" The Day I Woke Up www.tinyurl.com/hopmixtape Hosted By:
Facebook Glen Goodrum
Going to be a hot one here. Finally over the DOJ thing, I think and watching the WSOP ME on TV, just wish that I could have been there.
RT FLYASSAIRBORNE And when I say no money I mean chump change
Avie Luthra's #Lucky, set in post-apartheid SouthAfrica, broke my heart & encouraged me 2 find alter ways 2 communicate & create community.
Pretty sure that '50 Cent and Justin Bieber' TT should be yours too. That's gotta be oral sex related...
Thx for helping us spread the word re: 3/31 event at !
It is simplicity that makes the uneducated more effective than the educated when addressing popular audiences.
can't believe who I just picked to win the National Championship. Oh well... I think they're the most talented team. I ain't tellin... LOL
Starting to lose my voice. I'm probably the only person who likes losing their voice
Oh that's so awesome! Hoping that will bode well for bar sales for the market next week :-)
Yay! You received it. I sent it with an extra helping of modern art.
Is it bad that I'm excited for the boys in college.....
Still got it
After many days of everything being rearranged I am ready for a schedule again
Save a donette for me.
Been waiting since 4 to watch SVU. The time is now.
Delicious cookie nabbed from Devs makes afternoon enjoyable.
Woman on the train just mocked her son that there's no Children's Day... But she's wrong.
I have 2 miles to empty
Who best for last (: Yayayaya Justin won and got slimed. HELL YES.
ur right earlier saying nobody cares as much as #UK fans. Hour b4 game n #bbn is locked n loaded n superdome. Few Kansas fans
For a second there, i thought i lost my account! as it would not let me log in, but hey yall it hasn't happend! Who is on? talk to me!Xo
This world is a better place cuz you're in it. U inspire me & make me pee my pants with laughter.
Car shopping isn't the most fun in the world, but having rad parents to go with you is pretty awesome to make it much easier.
So I'm Up , Mhm Some Cereal Sounds Good Right About Now <3
Somebody talk to me about Prezi. has me jonesin' to play with it after seeing one of hers. Worth it?
Explain libel to me on the Internet you dumb fucks.
Hmm mondays off to a rough start. Can I call mulligan?
Jeff Bridges but as "the Dude"
With the 259th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Kurt Suzuki
Yessir!!! RT : It was good catching up w/ my boy this weekend!
Just found out I will be at bootcamp in september of this year (if everything goes as planned) SO EXCITED!!((:
Life was a funny thing that happened to me on the way to the grave.
HD video clearly hurting the 49ers there.
Now that I'm following , I'm learning lots and getting *nothing* done.
Wasn't this predicted by Nostradamus?
Congrats to my alma mater and for earning an encore performance at the Big Dance!
Sorry if i'm mean, it's only because i'm keeping it real.
_|!~~~ YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
not necessarily, just give a better feel on what the songs about. feel me?
RT : Craaaazyyyyy to see LT back in san diego!
We're talking about THE KARATE KID on our movie podcast this Thursday night @ 6pm PT & we'd love to have you on! Interested?
Words with friends is now on androids so now I can beat even more ppl.. Muah ha ha ha! I kid I kid, on that last part.
Who is Mike Lombardi?
Ppl keep telling me that all my hard work will pay off but my hard work is getting harder these days...
The # 1 name on yahoo trending is no other than My main Man Howard Stern! LIKE THAT!!
*crosses fingers*
Go Big Blue....headed to Lex to watch
it's deja vu all over again. Enjoy.
Great weekend! Sold out shows (and great audiences!) for SUGAR BEAN SISTERS Fri/Sat nights, and film UrFRENZ is headed to another festival!
Shit like that makes me not want to move back at all
we are so up for that. hee, perhaps a blind dating by beer preference event? :)
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: Jupiter has 63 moons and one of them is volcanically active- the only one of its kind in the entire solar system!
shoot me a link of sumn
Kicked off by pay-as-you-go mobile phone teens who found their money went further with texting - the first tech freemium model?
Just signed up. Thrilled to meet my colleagues
Aw, thanks! I am definitely enjoying a warm sunny day today :)
im freaked out right now
"Sleek and safe to drop"
how are u
I've also kind of been let down in the past by ww. I've seen whales, but the boat has to stay so far away it's kind of meh.
Who really gives a shit what thinks anyway?
Great Sunday greetings to all my Twitter friends! May your day be blessed and I hope and pray that you have a truly blessed week! Dean
heard you were coming to florida IS IT TRUE and if so where -Mahomie 4 LIFE
The doors are top 5... 1 is Zeppelin .. Not sure what the rest are but the doors are in there
Beaches Of Fort Myers and Sanibel Makes Cut On Top 20 Events List: The Southeast Tourism Society (STS) has named four events on The B...
I want some junk food...
RT : "I hate Red Skull." 60:08 #GWC322 // A, sitting next to me: "Well, he *is* a f*cking Nazi."
I'm watching tv , you?
that was compared to a stupid question from the audience at Neil deGrasse Tyson today
another world rocked!
got to love the ernest movies!!!
You know you have LOTS of supporters out there when you're tweeting and texting about your first real shower in 20 days.
Me too! RT : Sunburnt and freckling.
Her dress looked AMAZING in person. Don't let the photo fool you.
Do you have Imstagram??
We live in Miami I thought we'd all be used to it by now.
I would very much like to buy you a congrats drink tomorrow. If you settle anywhere, let me know.
After first block my day goes by so quick lol
*Pulling across my lap, dragging her hands behind her back and cuffing her wrists in my hand* Do you want me to spank you?
Nice pic. It's not about where it lands, it's about where it crosses the plate, right?
...Count me in! When can I get a floor plan?
the end of raw
Preds kicker Mark Lewis attempts a 37-yard field goal and misses the kick. Tampa Bay leads 21-10 at the half.
2012 ~ off to a great start! 6 more #Nonprofits have agreed to partner with us! Will tell you who soon!
Getting my outfits ready for today's shoot- ready to film a scene or two today for the music video.
#CrewLove <3 Not even distance can separate them.
MT : T1.2 the qualities of a great blogger, the willingness to leave nothing out, bare all &be naked to the reader.
Normal people: every day I'm shufflin... Simpsonizers: every day I'm simpsonizin.... ;D
Good morning peeps....
Yes, if you find something shoot it to me!!
I miss your face!
Part Four: Boys the forgotten victims (with video) - Vancouver Sun
Blazing the comeback trail to getting into shape.
Today is a GREAT DAY !!
Gerald was nice enough to wait with me at the Max. He obviously doesn't know he's not getting laid.
Can't stay away from that big orange lunar eclipse - what a sight!!
whats on Thursday there?
Aha. Thank you.
oh, I really like her
": it was just 1 of my random thoughts"«««its ok lol
Please text HOMES to 85944 to donate $10 towards building a home for severely injured veterans. Please RE-TWEET and spread the word!
Didn't get to record set, but its ok spending time with my little girl.
it was either house or wedding. And by wedding, I mean $150 wedding.
dont talk about clothes i mothafuckin embarrass you !
:( that means I didn't even keep it alive a full month.
Who do I think I am drinking mimosa's like this??
Well #tweet that
Yes agreed, establishing good relationships seems to be the key to creating a good foundation for success
true. I have watched this now 8 times, I don't understand how his body flipped that way.
I have a great print of Detroit, circa 1930ish. A sort of elevated plan with smokestacks and sailboats, view from Windsor.
Thanks for comments....hope you like the products
still one of my favorites!
Paul is really dead...
Hating ain't healthy... why you choose to be sick..? The world full of pussy you either that or Dic.!
I want a goodmorning text punk
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Blueberry and Raspberry Pancake Topping 4.73 / 5 Stars | 37 Reviews by thr33things "Blueberries and raspberries
RT : will be on site to capture some video images and scenery of the Block Party. Swag up!
What a horrible night of non existent sleep. Being sick sucks.
Finally finished my teeth-whitening kit. Can't tell a difference yet. I want to blind you with my pearly whites.
Will they strike or not? #GreshamBarlow teachers will take a vote today - more LIVE w/
Event aims to change minds about cloth diapers
Oh lord, boy scouts are just so adorable. Specially the ones from my school.
I feel like listening to some freaky shit.
well said
Thanks for the warm welcome and we are holdin on to our bloomers cuz pretty sure ur gonna take us for a ride!
RT everyone talking about DC being tied on points with #SportingKC remember DC has played THREE more games than
#FACT The Funniest Sex Laws Ever, Check Out: mylikes
#countdown 7 days left. #honeybadger attitude on things don't/shouldn't matter, new spring new start. my persian NYear resolution
no it is not whatever with a broken heart ! Love you troy<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Today's Sandwich: Turkey & cheddar on a French bagettue with lettuce, tomato, mayo and a cup of soup....$6.95
I don't like the Thunder or the Clippers bc of the Grizzlies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
The sex scenes in HBO's Girls are hipster garbage.
We will miss you! :( Chicago's loss is NYC's gain... good luck!
. what makes marine Lee pen dangerous in a way her father never was is that she could easily be an extreme left candidate
Rock Band Food: Sleep Now in the Fire Nachos topped w/ chili, pepper jack cheese, sweet n spicy peppers, Tapatio sauce, sour cream & salsa!
I need to start my economics final !!
Drug testing never fun.....
After squandering Game 1, Sixers look to fine-tune in Game 2
Requests and Belmont Bar-B-Que on the Powerdrive at 5 w/Helen Powers! Studio: 978 1023 or
More delegates strategy will lead #RonPaul to the White House!
Work Friday then the drinking begins Saturday
Kidney stones on Deadwood may be the most uncomfortable thing I have ever seen on television.
Sharpshooters! RT : Happy Birthday to the second half of team SHARP/SHOT, !
Good luck! RT : Preparing to speak at #MilwaukeeCenterForIndependence tomorrow morning. Put people with disabilities to work!
Oh wow, Safari is really flipping out right now, I think I can thank the swagbucks toolbar for this...
AP is saying the opposite. Interesting. RT : Players union officially announces that Braun won appeal
Do you have a big comics/manga/graphic novel collection?
Study Tip: If You Want to Remember Something, Think Deeply About It
I will be any singer to any genre of music if I set my mind for it. Hard work, pays off. Dreams will pursue!
RIP Mike Wallace of 60 minutes. Dead at 93. A giant in the television news industry.
better start throwing to Victor Cruz if they want to win
! RT :check out #GreaterTogether for tweets about their huge Youth Summit today in OH
really miss the cantwell house ! Hahaha
Bulls Pacers is on CSN+ right now, but because the Champaign market gets shafted, I can't view it on the infomercial access channel
Megan: DAMN Shawty! ..... Can I say that?
That awkward moment when you dont want to talk to someone but he/she keeps trying to talk to you
I try so flipping hard not to think about you. But I can't just let you go.
I wrote your name all over the eggs my little sister let me have <3 LOVE YOU!
I need that Men In Black Memory Erasing gadget, cuz this is too stressful and hard to think about.
DAMN!!!! Drink some more brother!! You earned it!
Speaker Nathan Latka shares powerful #socialmedia weapons at #smwnyc, including how to dramatically increase fb likes through texts
Nice to meet you as well, we are following back.
haha :) well im getting of but ill talk to you tomorrow :) bye!!
RESISTENCE IS FUTILE!
I Love it when you don't make sense after we eat at Portillo's… also, when you give yourself a high-five <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Finally got RapidMiner working with R integration using the 64bit-only Java on 10.6. Turned out environment variables were at fault...
Ok, waiter came quickly and took care of kids. Great service.
I love NC! I hope we do play there soon!
Psyched to open for next week.
Hi Teresa--Are you doing the Jimmy the Groundhog Facebook page? The event has moved to Cannery Square across from City Hall.
I just have to take a minute and say that the winning touchdown for the NY Giants was the best touchdown I've ever seen haha...so awesome!
Writer-agent relationship should be friendly. Not go-out-and-get-beers friendly, but they should return your calls. Agents panel at
Means it smelled pretty rough. Ha!
I was hacked!!! :( How are you though? I did send you a real tweet the other day
the lady from Bradford constantly calls me & basically says all my life decisions will fail me and schedules me for a visit i don't want
Looks like it will be in the low 80s for #Mothers day in the #PDX area!
Quite the opposite Ken, I LOVE Janelle and her Boston accented mom. They are perfect disasters, and a complete guilty pleasure.
Hey no you didn't miss it, I did! We're having it this afternoon though :)
It was the exact same way for me. So I watched some interviews and saw her in X-Men and discovered she is amazing.c:
Some people really need to know what to wear and what not to wear.
Checking out the new show #Girls on Anyone else watch?
Are you ever coming to Miami in this lifetime??? #dontbelieveyou lol how are youu bbygirrrl
Tuning out of work, tuning in to #pebblebeach. Like seeing Tiger and Phil paired on Sunday. LOVE seeing Lefty kicking Tiger's ass.
Retirement Planning Seminars this week! Wednesday & Thursday. Call us @ 614-543-1350 if we can help someone you know!
"Anything I’ve ever done that ultimately was worthwhile…initially scared me to death." -Betty Bender
Pretty Please! Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
I'm fuckin irritated
Bout to watch The Avengers in like 5 minutes with my teddybear (: (:
So does this girl -> We started a contest to remind ourselves to drink water. My gallon/day is crushing the comp.
#Itreallymakesmemad when a gurl is sexy then a mofo and when u get close to her, her puss smells!!!
Jamie Moyer is so old, his social security number is 1
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. - Aristotle
My friend who teaches Civ Pro at Brooklyn always has a great exam :)
finally on the train to DC
“: Sitting in my car eating subway, (veggie delite), diet coke and listening to npr. #sundayafternoon” billionaires are just like us!
damn that's a drive
lol oh calm your tits (: it was a good competition ! (: the final 4 were all good
Pussy wetter than an ocean!
And let's not forget the fin de siecle - In particular the ultimate novelist of ideas: Robert Musil
Had so much fun last night with We partied like rockstars!lol
That's a GREAT point : if we could talk to the Soviets w/ their 30K+ nuclear arsenal, why quickly resort to bombs over Iran?
You know what's even better than after-work yoga? Lying on the couch eating ice cream.
Yeah but I don't want to be in Wacksonville struggling too lol!
I'm sorry :/ but I really hope everything works out (:
Hitler and Napolean both only had one testicle. Have a great day :)
no cake for you.
remember to pack light so you can hit the fish market up it is fine to put dry ice in your luggage in case you were wondering
Torn between reading Eugenio Montale and reviewing a contract.
Who likes biology projects raise your hand!!..oh wait. NO ONE DOES
he better sit down dome where he font want it
. No, not sure where ur at, but im set w the quarians and in a big thing w cerebus. Just finished big asari world mission. U??
"Be led by your dreams, not pushed by your problems."
YOU'VE NEVER HEARD OF THEM?! LoL!
thats why were so SEXY !!! (;
honestly? I find none of these provocative. #10's arrogant assumption that MLS's will only want to work in higher ed is annoying.
Follow LiLLiEs Cafe on Facebook as well!
Bumblebee is my favorite.
thanks so much im a huge fan !!!
Morning, I slept well, we had a minor earthquake here at between 12:30 am and 1 am :)
Wow - well thank you for listening!
Instead of anticipating the worst prepare yourself for the best.
no thanks.
Happy Birthday, I love you.
i think im getting a fever #YEE that way on Tuesday i dont have to go back to school lol :-)
The federal budget kind of sounds like my college meal plan.
Both feature (as they enter NFL)- big arm, great deep ball, great speed, durability concerns, lack of pro sys. exp
If you eat somewhere that much...yikes. ;) RT : My life is complete now that is following me.
really nice event. Good dialogue
There isn't enough cheese in our fridge.
Working on planning events for by amazing H.O.P.E. founder Andi Scull in Feb & a musical theater Research & Pizza in April.
Your a bitch. Calm the fuck down
Well, it the "Show Me" State... Show us how big of an asshole you are and we'll induct you into our hall of fame?
bahaha me an Sam were talking about that night where I kept telling you I was Cupid & I was gonna find you a girl !!;b
Great compliment E! RT : imma 49ers fan but you be puttin in work man!!! i hope you get what you deserve homie!!!!
RT “ Good luck to my baby ”
you have to learn to shoot first.
Follow Me Back!
: Jeremy Boggs - Humanities Design Architect (of Dreams), UVa Library Scholars' Lab; Wizard of Web Aesthetics
Sometimes when I'm bored I try on my girlfriends clothes.
Follow my tweets! is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!;)
SAVE THE DATE: Tune into C-SPAN on Sat, May 12 from 9:15-10am ET for a review of the 2012 AP Government Exam
Wondering when exactly it was that Erdogan decided to single-handedly explode Turkish diplomatic relations
Nature sighting: 11 baby quail out for their first jaunt with parents. I squee'd out loud, and they ran and hid. But I couldn't help it.
WHO ALL IS AT THE BOTTOM LOUNGE TONIGHT!!! Lol
I was recently in ur area speaking at Unity of Wimberley. It's nice to meet u on Twitter. Welcome!
Alrighty & I threw up tool descrip & pilot project topic + sources
One more round!!
Be on the look for a new #Valentines day mixtape by me! #King Tex in da studio baby!
He said details on site soon. Interior photos from Town Hall insanely beautiful.
Don't feel like cooking tonight? Buckets of wings await you at Quaker Steak & Lube...
we'd be happy to help if you are still looking for an attorney. Give our office a call. 619.794.0243
My experience is we burn.
I am looking for a good Spanish intro text w/ lots of learning methods and multimedia (for tutoring purposes). Any suggestions?
*Stoke* Or maybe subliminally I meant 'The Strokes'
ok then, did you get anyone today?
Back in Seattle after very demoralizing Commerce trip, lost every single session for a week in 4080-200/4 mix and lhe in some amazing games
Fuck you YouTube ¬
Mahomies,,, i need you're help. I'm gonna make a video for Can you help me to tweet him about my video so he can see (:! XO
i want to start a secret society...
was starting to root for the Dutch until they started kicking people in their chests.
The Redskins are going to need Peyton next year based on their opponents for next year. Yikes.
Somedays (like today) I need some extra help being fierce. On those days I rock my lady blazer.
how does it feel to become and overnight viral media sensation?
YES. WE ARE GOING TO STEVES THIS WEEKEND. <3
Same with Maddie but she's dumb and won't come. She sugested wednesday to thursday. that really won't work.
correct. Guess Bubba not chasing the money. Being w newborn son his priority
looking good.
"I think and think and think, I've thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it." - Jonathan Saffron Foer
#TerrificThursday have a kick ass day sexy Logan :)
An archaeological trove - The Virginia Gazette
ugh wipe and flush
Does anyone have contacts in any of the New York Hospitals? If so in box me? We want to get them involved in the Congo Cause!
Okay, now that we've jammed everyone's feeds, y'all can go back to your regularly scheduled days.
it's Lisa HJ from One. definitely follow me here, too.
whoop whoop Dark skin ....
Trying my best to keep up. FB,twitter,wrk,studio time,now they got. Voxer! Goodness I got it
I'm reading some of Thomas Adams' 1614 sermons. And getting a migraine because of some bad things I ate yesterday. Then I see this:
Hey Terrance! Long time no see!
will do bro - hope y'all are well
#Yankees are getting spanked! Changing the channel.
Celebrate National Peanut Month!
The worst mistake I ever made was messing up what we had. I can't help but think if I'd never gone to college we could still be together :(
Are you still renting? Not sure you can afford a home? Call today to learn more about our 1st time homebuyer programs. (858) 376-1299
I love Sugar Ray Allen
Karl-Heinz Oehler takes stage @ #HCM2012 to discuss fact-based talent decisions.. flew in from Switzerland to rock the house!
Scorching hot day. #smrt circle line is not running. Buses are taking almost forever and causing lots of problems.
thanks for the reminder. How could I forget! Amazing how you can get that good at golf in such cold weather all the time
... I'm a pirate and your my Booty! ;)
you're very welcome!
Hahaha on shuffle, the song that was playing when Scott Scanlon learned to dance right before he shot himself just came on Spotify!
Fixed middleware linking WorldCat to records in Mason's catalog. Suspect it's been broken since PHP 4.2!
Not just another pretty face
thanks! enjoy your holiday!
I wish I had a flying car to fly over the traffic.
Congrats on the success!!
uh huh.
hook me up with an invite for Google+?
I feel better than expected this morning. Still pretty crummy, but no fever.
I think it's still Ben's...
Lol dudes on twitter who can tweet "follow my guy " and not feel gay <<<LOL
I like seeing your profile picture in the am. Smile
that is adorbs.
Watching Adele win all these Grammys is literally the least surprising thing I've ever seen on live tv. Who doesn't love her at least a bit?
i got it from they said everyone could use it
up the marble stairs, to the left of registration
Nice! down 15 lbs myself! Work it!
We are looking for a San Diego Sales representative! If you know anyone have them email w/ a Resume! Thnx
I Freakin Love That I Was Born/ Live In TN! I Have Lived Here For All Of My 14 Years Of Living! :)
i stand by and repeat my earlier tweet...florida is making you dumb.
bummer. although, ill of course stop in to say hi to niki. hey, i still need your rec on where to get glass for those windows.
I can literally see the water under my skin.
we are going to be perfect roomies!! <U+E404>
or sum dumb guy.....“: Gon Xi Fa Chai everyone! Happy Chinese New Year! Duck & Pak choi on the menu for me :)”
I love the 80's feather cut.
J Rich was*
weird, it was two people interviewing jordan in the very beginning, he's got a black shirt on.
I've said it once I'll say it again: I love being a turtle! And I love my inlaws. Yes I said it. I love my inlaws
bro if you find one, I'm in.
A big time game with No alcohol served?? How does that work? Go to bigdaddysports.blogspot.com
#NeverForget me :D
Recycle artisan’s psyche: crazy rubbish worshiper, thinks ordinary is boring, “factory art” is tacky & inventing/creating is play time.
Getting a good taste of the natural disaster that is LA traffic.
I like the sound of Pima Patch.
might make that trip down to Tupelo,Mississippi to see some friends while i'm home
your first tweet in 132 days. i'm honored.
Getting our "land legs" back after an amazing break is proving to be a little more difficult than expected. #scheduleinterrupted!
yes! RT : First day for and Welcome to #digiorg ... Best team ever.
What is up with the officials in Boston? They need to be fired! Go Celtics!
youre welcome young lady
Happy 18th birthday you have come a long way.
for real ?
If the music is good enough, I may just start a dance party up in this bitch.
Well, one day, me and my mom were having an argument about me not completing my homework on time (regular teenager stuff) and I came up w...
: We're here at my party and a couple people got killed.. Chad: I brutally murdered someone but no big deal...
LOVE at the Mirage a MUST see on your Vegas to do list! Incredible!
some of yall got me laughn on here like heck tonight
Diagnostic tools help with student confidence, time management features help with anxiety
Maybe this? RT : Firefighters responding to 136 R street Ne for a shooting
brain damage to ya cat don't manage...
All of them.
Fans of Historical and Literary fiction... watch for Katherine Ann Meyer's debut novel, Grosvenor Square, to be released in July!
Whats in Orlando for you?...oddly enough I miss Orlando too
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
hey Smosh can I get a follow, it would be great to be followed by you guys...on twitter too lol
Experimenting continues...... labwork!!
The contest will end Sunday (March 18th) at high noon (EST). We will select 2 winners at random.
It's cool the NBC hockey announcers are talking about the Tigers, I can't wait until opening day
My mind goes so deep in thought sometimes, to the point where I have to remind myself I'm only 16. I've got forever to figure things out.
Good morning my beautiful peeps...
I see your face and I can breathe
crushing rays, that lifestyle isn't a choice
i got good sleep
Sweeten up the office today with beautiful and delicious cupcakes. Its Professional Administrative Day.
Now Yankees fans everywhere will get a glimpse of what it's like to lose games in the ninth. Welcome to reality for 29 other teams.
That's y i picked a credit union in the 1st place, any good ones left?
I give ya 10 points
New GreenNote tools coming soon. Direct funding, no waiting! Money from donors when you need it. Yeah, it's going to be good.
I dont work tomorrow! :)
#WelcolmeToBaltimore where legends give up there dreams bc they think they are in love.
Fortune sides with him who dares. -Virgil
"Karl Marx invented the Internet" -
Spent the evening with a boisterous neighbor. Best way to watch the #worldseries and your team loses.
#NW Styled by June #PYT pretty young thug
Hey everyone go follow ~~> he's awesome and you so wont regret it!! #MUSTFOLLOW <3
The Ricketts family should have a reality show called "Life With Joe", telling the story of how each of the kids has to deal with their Dad.
Sweet! Just a reminder (even though I've only done it twice) I'd def recommend contacting some of the hosts yourself:)
I just wanna do something this weekend.. haha
I don't want to be nudged...
but I know it's fucked up haha
I despise your kind RT“ Who has time to watch (care about) regular season games? Not me! Come October... go #Braves!”
Rather a late supper.
Recovery includes forgivness
not yet, but you needa tell me everything. Lets meet up soon, yeah?
The cast of #CHILDREN has a day off today before previews start tomorrow. Rest up, kids!
When people think they are funny, because they break hearts twice in a row. :/
Watching Glory Road I freakin LOVE this movie!!!!<3<3
Agree w you about the Kindle price pt. Are they waiting to blow it out for Christmas?
getting ready for leg 17.
good morning my lovies, have a wonderful, blessed and amazing day today, love the Lord with all your heart and mind and lean not on ur own
i'm glad you finally began truly hash tagging yourself
I'm invoking the little-known exemption for Indiana Jones quotes.
today is a crazy day !
How did it work for you?
time for a coma;)
Everyday I'm shufflin..
#BackInTheDayWhenIWasAKid we had cool fucking shows like Keenan and kel not my little pony
oh gosh lol but I'd have to agree
D3 good luck wishes going out to B.L., R.P. & A.G. today. Also, a sincere D3 congrats to H.T. & C.R.!
College Football! Ohio State vs. University of Miami!
+1 : Startup Success Secret #5- Co-founding Team. Pick co-founders not just based on complementary skills on great chemistry
Excited to see make the #WDS session cut as well! Can I get a "line ticket" for that one (like at sporting events)?
Have an inspiring, uplifting Sunday y'all! Choose gratitude!!x
Hi ABQ gals! We're looking for more writers for GalTime Albuquerque. If you're interested, let us know at
TGIF! Kentucky Derby 2mrw -- so excited! I'm putting on my BIG hat and watching the MOST EXCITING 2 MINUTES in sports!
Safe travels!
Looking forward to starting 's "What I Saw and How I Lied" for my YA Book Club.
The ASE team has arrived in Vegas and is heading over to the Nightclub and Bar Show. Hope to see you there.
her half n half ass don't speak fluent Lmao. She be helping me a lil
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Google+ Posts Now Tracked and Searchable on Topsy
Just hit a raccoon...
Imitation is a form of thievery.
I mean...when's the last time you could walk into a eastcoast Champs (they're still around, right?) & get UCLA gear? 1995?
..it is happy!
And listening to #U2 while I cook it.
Beach tomorrow loving this weather for now til it gets too hot
Debating on whether or not to go to Japan-Fest tomorrow...
yup im callin the cops as we speak
I booked a night at the ritz, so I can put them between your tits
"We learned... a Counter-Poyson against the filthy venemous water... It intoxicates the Brain, & makes one giddy." R. Knox on 'bhang,' 1673
having worked both, find the regulator process is much more transparent. Of course, cong. just starves them.
There is still hope for the crown of England. The close race on the table continues with great anxiety & joy.
Now time to get in my own workout. Workout #2 today is 4 miles and upper body work!
time for a fresh pot?
Red Bull and DDR music. What am I, a freshman?
Haha my friends stole my phone xP
It's the Wonder Years theme!
Why is all news now Ed-Op? What happened to unbiased and factual?
I have not watched it yet!! Can't wait!!!
They say 7.4 now, still quite large. RT : Hearing of an unconfirmed, (unconfirmed) 7.6 super quake hitting Mexico.
The battery on my phone dies so fast
Halftime and the score is 0-0.
crazy well have a good day :)
well if they parents don't got a job how they gonna play ps3 online then? No Internet for them then
Totally! Anybody doing live projected Twitter/Blog feeds on the wall?
WeLoveRianDawson , do you?
I wish I was a surfer. They're all chill, and shit. That's on my summer to do list.
On the freeway
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
- Telegraph. I'm sending a wire to 1881 Kansas.
Jay kay, you taste like (*insert your favorite flavor here)
Consulting services include mentoring and assistance of migration of CE8 classes to Bb9.1
WHAT'S UP!!! I got plenty of Love for the both of u... However, u are a Brewers fan, so I have to give the edge to u
Get 10% off all their services with your go local card! Check out their website for the amazing services they offer! #Go Local
; #3WordsForYou - move on already.
do you play
So ready to go home, really not feeling work tonight
Start to get in your orders for the Indy Reads Holiday Chocolate Sale. Call 275-4040 for more information!
Solution to economy is more de-regulation? Governor, are you freakin' kidding us?
Teaching Internet research skills to 30 people at a time with no projection or screen share is incredibly frustrating and exhausting.
Funny moring at the school upstairs. There was a conflict for 42 seconds
Homework before class :) getting shit done!
"Nothing that happens on Leap Day counts." -- #30Rock I hope everyone is having an awesome #LeapDay!
you guys are in #BeastMode! Good Luck!
just told me that I was serial-killed in her nightmare. Scary morning.
Tonight was awkwardly fun and intresting..
Hey thanks for the invite to Spotify, I have an account under animemiz.
Totally digging' #brunomars performance
Thanks, that confirms it. Now I can say "I researched it, when I'm only "planning" to drive past my old house and H.S.
sorry I missed it... I was invited but couldn't make it due to appointment and drive.
Oh yeah!!! #GRIZZNATION Grizz-freakin-Nation!!! Got the W. Trying to get that home court advantage. Can't stop the #Grind baby!!!
hello gorgeous!!!
Someone just prank dialed me from Steven's number...but it was a fail because he was right next to me
Ashlee Simpson - Pieces Of Me via FF karaoke. #Best!
cue the despair #20yearswhatthe&$@
It has been too long since I updated!!! Shame on me. Happy Thansgiving to all!!
Publishers vs. Libraries: An E-Book Tug of War
late night, about to do some work son! #i'mbackandheretofuckshitup
Hit a split on the dick , shawty act up . bring it back bring it back bring it back , you can act you can act . ACT a Fool.
np babes . S/o too you also :) stayy in touCh
I am not only a Lakers fan because of Kobe, but I am DETERMINED to go to a Lakers game before he retires...it WILL happen.
back??? Like he was with you in your room?
Cant wait for it. Have a great weekend
Honored 2 be up @ 3am 2 tell HAPPY 16th Bday as he goes 2 airport 2 meet n Haiti. I LOVE & AM SO PROUD OF U DYL!
New video will be up very soon!
I feel the same!
yeah I know but I don't think I'll get one until I get a steady income. I'll talk to mom about it
Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude. - Dale Carnegie
In your example of 60s civil rights marches, "racism is bad" is also a platitude. So, using your logic, you can minimize that
So tired!
hey ryan! Today is my birthday it would mean so much if you said happy birthday(;
My account with Mozy ended. I need another backup service that has unlimited backup for computer and external drives. Any Recommendations?
I marked any thing on dese damn test
Corolla+snow+ Raton, NM to Glorieta road =toughest 100 miles thus far. The bus that zoomed past in unplowed lane was in ditch 5 mins later.
I am almost outrageously excited to eat food that isn't craft services.
Timing is everything. I beat the rain by 5 minutes.
I would cook for my girlfriend.
Every time I contemplate upgrading GitM to MT 5.0, I get scared off by the lack of easy mode. "Fresh install" sounds like courting disaster.
I failed 8D
And night.
People are wicked o. Damn !.
How To Keep A Relationship = be honest, be faithful, be giving, be open minded 2 each others opinions, & put each other first. RT if u agree
it was great!! Thanks so much!
Google Argues for Dismissal of Authors' Book-Scan Lawsuit - Bloomberg
About to smash bis and tris with and Charlotte Quillen.
at the very least I know I'll be open limping and min raising a ton, events are 9 handed right?
Of course would have BB King's photo gracing the bar
yes unbelievable! Maybe he had 17 days off?!?!
Thanks for the info.
definitely getting food from a #DCFoodTruck today.
Tip: Warm up by walking briskly or jogging slowly for several minutes.
tell me more about this chocolate cheese...i'm very interested.
u welcome
April will honour the President General of the ANC, Cde Josiah Tshangana Gumede who served as the President of the ANC from 1927 - 1930.
blessings and happiness to you always...
That 70's Show >>>
Crean has us all on the right path!
Hey hows it going Man we have a track for Rihanna and Drake we are trying to place. Get back at us
“: The "fresh" strawberries in my frozen yogurt are still slightly frozen. #firstworldpains”
yes, cOlombian ;)
I sure was, big fan of - they do awesome work!
Iowa storms the court after upsetting #15 Wisconsin. Really?
Hey there (:
I'll guarantee u if #TwitterBaseball ever played at Citi and we had a "Even Roberts/Joe Beningo BobbleHead Day"
RT : Zunino steals second. His eighth on nine attempts.
no way jose! Haha
Clearly a mistake. Complain to authorities.
#teenageproblems why can't I have a real job? it's illegal, unless you work anywhere other than America. well...
hell yeah beeeetch let's get stoned to the bone and tweet the shit out of it.
I originally thought Heat in 5 but I'm changing it to Heat in 7
Reminder! Brand new live tonight at 8pm PST with the always awesome ! We're tearing Tim Burton a new one!
I check my twitter and no 1 has followed me sense then....... *BOOP*
sue me
Thx new followers Next week we're giving out 10 $100 gift cards stay tuned
I need someone to come visit me so I can use my guest passes for Disney. Cough cough.
I'm back to staying to myself its better that way
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you do well; and doing well whatever you do, without a thought of fame
haha finally :p HI AMANDA!!! :D
Had a very nice time today with ministry leaders at The Rock Church. A group of people who truly care about others. Thx for inspiring me!
sounds like you had a good trip! Let's connect when you get back into ATX.
That awkward moment when your eyes meet with someone else's <U+E404><U+E405><U+E106>
did you get my text
Don't even have the time for it...
Starting a new chapter. Letting go of all the drama, all the BS, and all the hatefullness. It feels so good to finally let go.
If u want to exp all the successes&pleasure in life,u have to be willing to accept all the pain&failure that comes with it- Mat Hoffman
blessed are those who write boring history paper and spend their weekend in the library, for theirs is good grades...
sleepy, tired, tired, sleepy...
have a great weekend rewinding !!!!
COLD ASS FUCK RITE NOW IN THE CHI. BUT THAT'S WHAT THOSE MINKS FOR (PLAYER)
RT this for a chance to win a ticket (or more!) to on Thurs at ! The more responses - the more y'all get!
It's Ada Lovelace day. Celebrate women in sci and tech by following this fab list of female tweeters, thx to bit.ly/qpA0c3
It was one of the last people - he didn't speak for long, but it was just a simple and effective story. I wish I had that slide!
#ItsHardTo ... Let go of the past.....
Any last advice on your post-doc app? Exciting position
Another awesome evening:o)
Hey everybody! In & out of the design studio - sourcing for new collection - arriving very soon in the fall - glam pieces to be spotted! NY
We'll get Marc Summers on the horn for a consult. Things are gonna get weird.
Back to the grid. . . I can live with a productive Monday. Gym tonight so necesary
when are you coming back here?
the accuracy of mood and situation of music on "shuffle" amazes me
aw I wish I could! Maybe someday! =D
A beautiful, crisp day in New England...perfect for lovely outdoor shots. Fall is not here. I promise.
You had me at hello, and lost me at goodbye. And everything in between, I guess it was a lie.
At work not feelin good at all :}
#Truth RT ": Hard work pays off laziness will keep you broke"
you're beautiful and I miss you D:
You know....I'm pretty sure a basketball player never thought about the projectile motion and velocity of his shot....Oh AP Physics
Thanks for mentioning us! ^SZ
What keeps me going is goals. - Mahummaad Ali
ok bet idk what imma do im off dis weekend im fuckin wit a bottle
Okay, I'll forgive you this time. You interrupted my morose thought...
Hold Me Like The River Jordan And I Will Then Say To Thee You Are My Friend
Saying the first and last name of the person you don't like.
Taylor: guys something is smoking.. the machine is smoking ! guy: it's a smoke machine. Taylor: oh..
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: no accidents to report so far this morning
not that taco bell is ever a good choice for dinner, but it's currently battling it out with the run i just put it through.
i got spanked 3-6 4-6 the guy has an amazing ability to hit baseline winners!
lonely is not a good feeling -sigh-
Slows bbq by old Tiger stadium, great food and beer selection RT anybody know any good places to eat in Detroit?
Thank you!!! Sheesh! RT : wish people would stop saying was "small". He's just short. Big difference.
Attn #event #planners! Have you ever worked on a very small, intimate #outdoor #wedding? 20 ppl or less? Would love to hear about it!
An injured and seemingly helpless Miami Heat try to slow the Hawks who are flying high on a 4 road game win streak tonight in Miami
currently just josh but always looking for new talent
Thanks Sis. U have to just do it.
I lost all my numbers cuzz
Super excited to start working on project with
It's too bad that #TNA does not even generate a very small fraction of today's buzz with BGF.
Just thought I'd mention that the Summer Twins album is fantastic.
sends congrats to ! SF will shine with you as CIO.
follow me please?? <333 (:
ty so much! its been a long journey full of ups n down! never gave up even when i thought i wanted to. going to bed now! night
I hope Scotty wins or James wins if they dont tear :) ;( both
Seriously! It is a great version of the Husy, especially for people with brown hair. I love it!
Welcome! Has he made any new songs lately?
so do i lol
what up bro
We do hand-crafted e-books. No commodity listings. Original plots, unrestrained, masterfully edited. "Where reality and fiction collide".
its a marine corps term for when the Corps fucks u over
Thanks Barbie- See you soon!
Me and my boo... The little one
hoping to come to LA in May. Will you be around rockstar?
Ah....skeet skeet skeet skeet skeet skeet!! No way man. Keep it popping .
Dev was just on Tinychat she's cool. Did I miss Adam? Could he have heard us if we live video chatted? I always miss everything epic. Ugh.
Of course Groupon waits till I move to DC before doing a skydiving deal.
GREAT discussion today, everyone!
6 minutes and counting.
I wish somebody would figure out a way to make espresso drinks without the "clunka clunka clunka clunka" racket required.
Get out and see sky sailing and paragliding right here in ABQ. They're all featured in See the movie, see the balloon museum!
We miss you ! FYI: While you've been trapped in Jury duty, you got a present! Come back soon!!
whats up with the nexus2 expansion? it was up like 2 days ago and now its gone?
cnt wait to to hear new tracks from ya
By the time this grad ceremony is over my girlfriends flowers will be dead
Instead of elections we should vote on removing words from the English language. I am voting for removal of "Like" as in "I was like..."
Stuck in Houston airport.
I'm looking for sponsorship!!!! Hook it up!!
The response video is pretty devastating. . . Ouch. I'd hate to work at that shitfest ESPN right now.
good morning to u to
Okay, the Google zipper doodle is cool, but it's starting to get on my nerves.
that is such a frustrating road to me. Baltimore had such a great highway plan that just got completely tossed for politics.
#hbrchat - A bizs only altruistic endeavor should be creating an employee culture that facilitates altruism
As bad as Gucci Mane sounds remember family he's still family and even a man such as himself can change and move into right knowledge.
Sunday Tardeada & Dance -- "just about the most fun you can have w/ your clothes on" -- April 17th, 4-8pm: lospochos.com
Thanks for following!
Econ test was a pass...ha
People, you have to lose the fat in your gut before you will notice a change in your abs.
Lucky guess! Do you speak Spanish or Portuguese?
my 1st performance as an #Actor was as a cookie in SF ballet's production of The Nutcrakcer... yes i was adorable
Explaining your side to someone who does not want to listen and understand you is like using a pencil that was not sharpened, it’s pointless
Due to Hurricane Irene, Mika Tajima's artist talk at has been canceled tomorrow night! We hope to get it rescheduled
We're way past this play, fellas. Move on and #GoPackGo!
Thanks for the retweet, ladies! :-)
im good focused and ready to do this
Def Leppard on America's Got Talent.... #wow they are old now
I don't care who it is, they're annoying me... I'm trying to sleep
When God is love. Love doesnt hurt. If it hurts...it needs to go. -Niambi Steele
and more knit caps!
dizamn! That's promising
Party time <U+263A>
when do u get off
my heart hurts.
Who the heck reads a book and walks their dog?
have fun :P
Think ima do some push ups... and then stop so i can look like i did way more than what really happened
Man, these little phone stores are crooks!
LOL....not that serious they taste just fine dry
how cute.
if there was some sort of rule that made players stay for 4 years, they would be able to beat them in their senior year
They same time is money but really it's not
A resounding YES to so-called "gay" marriage; I happen to be in favor of marriage per se.
that would be more like we were out for dinner with a friend.
Staggering, for sure. Hopefully this helps parents realize how important sound mechanics are to their sons.
I'm at L.A. Fitness on Hollywood Blvd, working out before my family reunion to counter the calories of Mom and Yolanda's fabulous cooking.
^-^ by the way.. said she loved & missed you too <3 RT <3
I need a ride home....
4 fingers, neat. Keep them coming.
there is another one in July, August, and October.
lunch presentations today: Tom Michel, SJ on Muslim-Christian Relations in Turkey and Joseph Selling on the Goals of Moral Living
And now I want MORE.
So there! Lol.
thank you hun, i made it! (:
First round losses for me, maybe next year guys?
I got this drink in my cup!
RT Ethics Commission votes to require parties to disclose all donors, including those who give less than $100.
#ItsABootyCallWhen She Show Up In Leggings Cause You Know She Ain't Got NO FUCKING PANTIES ON! #Bingo Lol
Guy went and got himself a perm
oh srry got my days mixed up lol my bad dood and yep see you soon
My omegle froze so it's not working anymore but I guess I'll talk to you on here loll sorry!
we think you're pretty cool too!
Thanks Kristian! I miss AZ and everyone there too!
Hi Tom! I apparently dressed up as your book cover for #TxLA12 yesterday. Leslie has proof.
Whenever I hear the song "Whoop that Trick" I want to smash stuff.
Paul just won back some cool points
Ah Monday you came too fast!
Fear is only as deep as the mind allows. -Japanese proverb
Creative meeting with client The New EbonySteele.com is about to Launch!!!!
Sweet! What's your favorite takeaway so far?
Listen always keep to your self ain't nothin wrong with having friends just keep your circle as small as a cheerio if smaller the better
i got 10th row for wings/kings tonight thanks to marwan. today is christmas.
RT : far out! He needs a #WienerUp shirt!
I love me some
Despicable me and pizza whatta great Friday :)
HAH, Yessir. Call or text to order and then you can come pick up near UIC. Im generally home 12-3 but Ill also tweet when Im in
Wow... surprised, but not really.
texts wont sendd!
Missing sailor's wife and friends plead for help in finding him. Criticize Navy for not doing enough. SD Police also searching
I can't wait to watch! You were cheated on the x factor. You should have been in the finale. :-)
And we can learn!
Fills my heart with absolute joy -- JOY -- to see the West Memphis 3 is trending and to learn why. Justice at last?!
#FF Social Media Mavens
popov is vodka, thought the large plastic bottle u were carrying around the other night was popov, pretty soft that it wasn't
NEW BLOG: Top 25 Sexual Violence Activists: A Long Walk Home
haha. Nice :D
Its the apocalypse, last night, everyone slept for 2 years, it is now 2012. :(
there looks to be a decent happy hour from 4-6 at the restaurant/bar attached to Hotel Ivy. $3 beer, and not bad beer.
I think I'm gonna start using this Twitter thing more often.
walking over now
Monday tests are of the devil.
Why would y'all sign up for that?? #dumbos RT : Still defrosting from jogging class
Is u still gay n scared to walk out the closet?
#FF duh you fucks...that's how we're writing and demoing our new record! Dig it.
You are in luck! Check out the online singing academy with You'll love it!!!
i would give my left lung for some tim hortons right about now.
omg nis they got so big!
I suggest a tirade on
Curious about being Out & Abroad? Join us tomorrow night in the Batza Room from 7:00-8:30 for a presentation from Prisim and OIS!
I'm following ....just for you(:
Summer concerts so far for 2012: July 16th and #DemiLovato August 4th!
RT RT : #HealthyMasculinities via ANON: No promiscuity double standards!
The Kings are taking it to the Blues!!
Okay cool... Personal message me
Wow Rex Ryan had liposucktion! Good for him
. where is this morning? Would love to here his thoughts on this very hot topic being discussed by you all this morning.
Add Plunder Road to the list of solid crime movies that are also road movies.
wow, state investigs+feds+nfl ALL coming at Saints from just about every angle. seeing a rough season ahead for this powerhouse. #formerly?
I want to be when I grow up. Who else would have capitalized on Charlie Sheen's meltdown to increase adoptions??
great match at SNS last night!!! Your becoming one of my Fav's to watch for skill & technique!
I just finished the chest armor for Gordon's HEV suit today. Got my girl friend to be Alyx Vance too. Pics to come
Aww, was suspended? But it was hilarious! No fair.
what a fantastic tune #mirroroflove to end the show on ....well done & lol @ god1
#IWantBTRAutograph please choose the 3rd winner already, i hope its me :) or my other twitter page
When you type something in all caps, I think you just don't know how to fucking use "fuck" like "FUCK" was meant to be used.
Ravens vs Texans game better than I was expecting....
Choir trip tomorrow, means no spanish :3
Thanks for the birthday love, I appreciate that!
Excellent (but no surprise)
YOU GOT IT! :: more "chris othic says" tweets, please
can not run that is no space darn twitter more characters just 8 more damn you!
"Resurrection Cookies and other Christ-centered Easter ideas." Gotta love
Idk how the fuck I'll survive this day
have you gotten checked out yet?
If you have perfect abs, an amazing body, and flaunt it online...don't get pissed when a Fag likes your photo lol
if shes gonna treat me like that then im gonna treat her the same way back.
Had a fun time picking cigarettes out of my yard thanks everyone <U+E421>
Hippies don't keep track of time.
Had Gyro for the first time today and it was bomb
A raindrop falling on your cheek is like a kiss from someone that lives in heaven and is watching over you... Miss you Tata & Abuelito <3
That is so sweet. Take lots of pictures please!! BTW the Entebbe Zoo is really worth checking out if you have time!
Finally got into the crow pose at #yoga this morning. Success!
5:00 AM Strength and Conditioning... pumped!
I will have to post pics for my loyal fans after I do damage control lol
...meaning that the loud voices, people trying to be right by making others wrong - it's sick and wasteful.
Coloboma of the iris is a hole or defect of the iris of the eye. Most colobomas are present since birth.
Canada and maybe South Africa.
Wow, USA dominating Finland now 5-0 in the 3rd. Not what I expected, but great way to bounce back after that Kazakhstan game.
So, lucky! LA is totally the best place to be to find the fame/fans you need! Girls must be in love with you lol
remind me tomorrow to talk to you about memorial day, if you still wanna go with us!
long enough to notice yo swollen ass pancake face
Big day for the GOP!
That is so true! "sadly, the silver lining had prob been under their nose, too blind or greed for the gold to see".
I just landed in Dublin. It is so nice how everyone greats their families at the exit. I can't wait to walk trinity and temple bar
Ugh i dont like it, i dont feel it
thanks! Please repost it if you have a chance. It was so much fun, I want everyone to see it, haha.
Oh my gosh! Shut up! You're drunk? :D PLEASE tweet about it for the rest of the night. OH and make sure to be illiterate too, k? -.-
help with a show there!
wishing life could just come with directions...
Yall bitches not bad with beauty supply store sandals on..
they have nothing else to do
Thanks, Fred! Look forward to seeing you!
Its official I'm tired and cranky...
Lol. You should do it! I was afraid to do it, but I did it & ended up on his show! I think you should try! (:
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Let's keep up with this one shall we?
Practice makes perfect..... Working on my left hand.... POOF!!!!!!
#DASER Rothenberg "the best example of camoflauge are cuttlefish."
agree. go to the tupelo honey cafe. yum!
how r u?
that rondo just got burned
Alex Got This Ugly Hoe On His TL Too Smhhh
All i need is my music
We could always use both or change it up depending on the context. I searched #vivi and it looks like a lot of Spanish speakers
I will just will win just wait and see
its k
I'm gonna be so sleepy tomorrow at work. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>. Finally turned everything off and getting some shuteye <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> GN #TweetHearts <U+2764>
Milan blew it from very START of season, no decent result against any top opposition in Lge, major injuries worse than UTD easily
I hate when people don't know their networks. It is the fastest way for me to tune out. Pitch me on Linked In and I will report you as spam.
Hey love please follow , for all of the behind the scenes of me;)
See you in 30 minutes friends. :) 8:05 start time
The little unremembered acts of kindness and love are the best parts of a person's life. William Wordsworth
I agree with punduts who say this won't sway many voters one way or another. Big Guy made the right call.
Can I get a what what
okay, okay, sorry :P
"he probably grew meth"
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him :) and can't wait for that episode btw :D
Well, not single anymore
stay fresh
": Game postponed. Single admission DH tomorrow. Who's coming to watch the boys play 2?! #ALotOfBaseball" I will drop bye.
I still don't understand how these women on Maury can be a "million percent sure" he's the father... And he's still not.
thanks! good news, auditions will be announced soon!
#youknowitsfinalsweek when you don't see your friends because they're finally studying for once...
Preachin to the choir...ya live ya learn, doesn't mean the realization doesn't suck any worse.
I question 'truth' only in the context of the many voices that remain marginalized/absent in social media, archive-making, museums ...
drunk txts from the ex on a sunday <<<<<
hm well look at DT hes DT haha :D ill think of a nickname for u!
Just gave in to twitter, meaning a little bit more privacy just flew out the window. At least it went willingly...
Doing my sisters Make up for her 8th grade Prom #WingingIt lmao insider with
The movie #Haywire looks really good
You have been assimilated.
are you considering US applicants?
Have you heard of ?? He's one of my favorites and ACTUALLY writes his own music and is going places :D
Formulas are great, but you have to be creative with them and know when to break away from them.
lmao sorry - will come on more then :P
it's okay baby I love you so much i miss you and me and Emma will be asleep when u come love you baby *kisses* @>-----
LABJ Circ Dept is hiring a New Business Dev Rep. Great opp for recent college grad or 1-2 yrs exp.
New EP is available for digital download on www.adamevolving.com on the merch page!!! Spread the word!!!!!!
Awesome meeting with today - watch out
Why is brown rice so gummy? : (
Showing staff wordpress
Pah! Not fair. So.. if I had a question about your site where would I email? ;)
I saw your post about Danny! Ohemgee!!!<3
SURF Report: Pacific Beach 3-4 ft + waist to shoulder high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
my neighbor's dogs won't stfu, I'm about to go crazy -.-
Every time I think about you I get chills everywhere
You have done a great job as miss Venezuela!Congratulations!
holiday greetings to you and yours!
RT if u ever seen the show Kenen and Kel its so funny<U+E412>
baby i found an xbox and i put batteries in it so fabian can play and stuff ur welcome hey now we can play together <3
Cause of Death: Failure to Keep it Real
r u serious???!!!! WOw LOVE you cuz
Off to bed, didnt make the 800... who knows what will happen whilst I sleep?
yes u can.
Yep we went there last July. Had the Kolsch.
What if there were no hypotheticals or similes? That would be like...
dear I loved having ya'll here in #austin but please go home now. I'm done. Thanks.
answered again
Sorry, I ran out of lighter several semesters ago.
Thank you! Will we see you guys on the list next year?
goin to Calyle house till later. You?
have an ? hate when it corrects SO to DO all the time? go to keyboard shortcuts and make one that is SO and the shortcut is SO =)
u go girl lol
now they trying some reverse psychology BS on me hahaha
Sunday roast at the queen vic today.....yum!
sweet bro:) help us spread the word!!:)
Food, is calling me.
12 days of school left. #yayy(:
oh sorry! no tv! but fantastic happy hour and prime location. :)
Just realized that Brew's twitter is actually Sorry for making you follow a random dude.
is excited for the possibilities of the day. Happy Friday!
#ThingsIDislike LIE'S!!!!
just found your iPad video on youtube - great work! will share with my teachers!
Dresses with elastic waste bands are NEVER look good on. They look cute on the hanger, but then you put them on and BAM...Frumpy
DO! Is the side im on. Lol
If you're not already, give a follow right now as he tweets exclusive images from the new BBVA Compass Stadium.
goodlookin yo, i just been busy dawggg strugglin gotta do good in school, but im out of school now so pressures off especially
"Bring out your inner sparkle!"
First Lost in Space, now Stargate. It's like every awesome movie from when I was a kid is on tv this morning. What's next, Waterworld??
It was great Brett...so was the Wurst Times bratfest...
Really smart girls open books, easy girls open their legs and girls like me open their hearts to easily.
#ineedtostop following : I just kissed my dog on his penis for practice in case the NY Senate forces us all to marry animals next
Just always always always use a chain lock. The steering column locks too, so sometimes we just lock that, but NEVER AGAIN.
June 1st! If you already won, you'll be re-invited. RT : when's Chris rene coming????? I wanna know!!!!
Alfred North Whitehead~ The vitality of thought is in adventure. Ideas wont keep. Something must be done about them.
Beautiful day in #Austin for a run !
check out the Dallas Mavs site. They make themselves open on Twitter.
That awkward moment when you run into your Sunday School teacher from years and years ago. Oh how things have changed... Hahaha
Take it easy on TP Pop. Seems guards are getting hit with the injury bug so far in the playoffs.
So happy I started watching #upallnight so my life! Thanks for telling my story!
76 DAYS UNTIL WARPED TOUR!
nice and simple is always good. :] and "peta" sounds lovely lol :] one gansterr peter
Complimentary entertainment with Rich Hill on piano this Sunday night - 2/5/2012 from 7-10pm
one night when he was cutting the patties, IT HAPPENED.
good old days when AOL was the shit...
Before using Twitter, I always assumed it was a more obnoxious Facebook. Then I noticed the lack of baby photos. Advantage Twitter.
hey gurlfrann[: i love you! if you called me i think i would cry! do it up! (PLEASE) 972-815-9498
Avengers was pretty awesome, this year has been filled with great movies so far.
damn! - Biggest star fucker ever! Thanks.
Washington* phili Nj and Ottawa
I don't doubt that... golf, shmolf. have fun tho!
WOO freaking HOO we reached 100 followers !(: awesome !
can I get a AMEN
Wait nope 1000 ways to die then Keith
Headed to the Celebration Theatre for the FREE reading of "Better is the Man". Go. You'll be a better man!
The Nathan HPL #020 is what I use and love it. Super light and comfy for runs of all distances.
at sor #SXSW :: fusion rock in the glow of stained glass, other-worldly
My local grocery store uses 4 checkouts. Unless it's really busy then they use 1.
SAUCE! RT Sick sauce!
Two play auditions last week, two callbacks this week! Haven't heard about the pilot yet...I'd love to go 3 for 3!
I biked so much that it hurts to walk
Morning! Happy Mom's Day to all the Moms and all those who fill that role! Have a great day!
They are all true to size. They are a nice fit
I will be on a flight. Delonte!?! Gotta get my gogoinflight!
"money in my hands that I'd like to blow." That's how my trips to Vegas start.
good doing hw, you?
Cherish everyday like its ur last bc we only have one life<U+E022>
Enjoy! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
good morning to ll hope your having a blessed day.
Summer classes have ended (Woohoo!), which also means our summer hours have changed to M-F 8-6 and Sat 1-5.
#swagfail colorful rain boots -- with no rain people kill me
I wonder what would want me to sing at karaoke?...
Nice shot of Vista Bridge through an office window during last week's episode! Made me think of
What's your favorite hair product?
- Got a shout out on the Nick and Artie Show tonight!! Well deserved...best analyst on TV
let's hope they can rebound after this rough loss...in the meantime it's time for some
I hate how when people come over my mom expects me to go out and say hi. NO THANKS
Getting settled in is fun stuff :)
nice.thanks<3
#SteelerNation stand up!!!!!
It would be awesome if the #D3 beta worked.
When I Break Up Wit A girl or She Break Up Wit Me ,, I Always Bounce Back The Same Day ahah #NoFeelingsForALameBitch aahha
freedom is such a sweet thing.
Need you guys to check out you won't regret he's a very talented artist
yeah your time to get #9!
who wants to give me ah shoutout ill give one back (:
If I can't have you I don't want nobody else baby.
QUOTE - "Worry is like a rocking chair: It gives you something to do but never gets you anywhere." Erma Bombeck.
RT : I can't stand Eric Cantor. I hate his face. I want to give him an atomic wedgie/ his face is like he's getting a wedgie!
zoom zoom zoom!!!!
Contact for info on #bellydance wkshp & to perform in Les Folies Intoxique show! will see you there!
I got a perfect 450 on the math part of the cahsee, wooopwoop <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> Check me tf out <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093>
I'm changing the way I look at things so the things I look at will change.. I refuse to be an old bitter woman!
I need to catch up with you on the food, ha ha! Yes, let's definitely meet up again soon, it's been too long! :-)
can I b your valentine
The height of cleverness is to be able to conceal it.
Excellent news. Maybe not for my productivity but still good.
... and Good Night to you Mrs. Calabash, wherever you are.
Ok, that might make sense. I grew up with a Harlequin Dane mix, one of the sweetest dogs ever.
headed to the movies with vaness
ah, man! I wish I was there. Just finished filming. Getting ready for #Wrestlemania party now.
So Kool and The Gang just opened for Van Halen. Is Kool really the last original member?
How was everybodys long weekend?
"you are now watching the throne, don't let me get in my zone..."
Follow and for updates on Personalized Medicine and DNA Sequencing at MCW
Happy Easter!! ZUZU is OPEN!! Begin this day with a fresh approach. 8:00am -- 4:00pm today
grow some tits then talk to mee.
Hey Terps, if you didn't know yet Noam Chomsky is speaking at 4:30 today at Stamp in the Grand Ballroom! Be there or be [ ]
had a blast y'all! Cool group!
I LOVE Becky Jackson!
In #Norfolk for Virginian Railway research. Lots of railroad-related appointments. (hint: it's for a special exhibition Summer 2012)
Winners do what losers wont do #Winning!!
I'm breaking out from all this stress of AP testing. I hate this.
i wish you the best of luck then you go kickin clubs on me.. #c'monman
Wats so hard about telling the truth?
what does tcoc mean??
Day 2 of training for 2013 #BrewersFantasyCamp (and summer ball) complete. Got back at the weights, working on my rotator cuffs. Feels good!
RT : "This is how life should be. All about happiness." - WE AGREE! #MobWives-yes agree!
Still going to be able to make it Saturday? :)
OFWGKTA will always have a special place in my heart.
New Sascha Cohen movie. Theories?
Dallas is weird because it's obsessed with water--have you seen all the fountains? Esp. Fountain square ...
who's idea was this?
#FF: : Coming together to support our military families. Happy Veterans Day, everyone, and thanks to all who have served.
Phone on silent, finna take a nap.
The will be running through Better Block OKC this Saturday! Come cheer on the runners and hit up Better Block!
Only way this game would b better is if the White Mamba was active.
RT : Jay Cutler thinks D Wades body language stinks
Can men join curves I wanna lose 20 lbs in 90 days?
“: "He's the black guy in this X-Men ripoff movie." #WHERESWALLACE #WHERETHEFUCKISWALLACE”
just gave you some LOVE, whatch those likes go up
I'm heartbroken over the loss of Ms. Whitney Houston :( RIP. You, your music & voice will never be forgotten. Condolences to her family. <U+2665>
Lulz. RT : #Flyers fans are confused at Jagr's desire to test the open martket? Have they been paying attention to anything?
Finally + officially done with the semester.
Drama free I wish I'm like a magnet for it Even when I'm sat twiddling my thumbs my phone still get hit with some mess so I welcome it now
come to Los Angeles California to visit me! lol
And now I have to go to the one on Highway 100 because I don't want to be anywhere near Miller Park bo
followed ^_* love u too miss u more
I'm confused when people offer "market-based systems" as solution for #NTTFaculty. Seems that's what we have! Not working!
sorry to hear your story. What we can do is help recognize and spread the word on the great innovations happening in our state
i just screamed my heart out just watching interview & jayy looks badass like always. i love them :")
What is your #1 2012 goal?
I may be there too. I'll let you know if I am.
The guys were so good tonight!
Something to Burn and My Mind are now up on Myspace. We think? You never know nowadays. How the mighty have fallen.
Hungarian Sausage today! Tasty!
I Got my Flu shot today (: it was really funyyyy (;
Just follows a ton of people. please follow back and check out 's music(:!
Exactly the question I'm curious about. Plus it bleeds off some of the "SRS BZNS"; important given the topic of Games & Academia.
Mark Kotsay has a chance for another game winner
oh idk.. We will probably be out a little later than u want
Got in a 3AM, not yet recovered from the Mall of America
Time for some country slow downs & a bed. #sleepy #goodnighttweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
RT : Planting a lime tree in honor of #gartending , I think the theme of ths year's IGC tweet up shld be
*cough *cough. I have a head ache and cramps. :(
Woo! Now hurry up & get Jumping Trains out, I need more song titles giirl! RT : love the article bestie! ;-)
Wedding invitations, shipping labels and stamps do not mix well with production to do lists.
awkward moment when your friend and you are planning to drive down to see christian..but then realize were not on spring break but he is
A Bold New Way to Advertise Your Business!~A Bold New Way to Fund $$$ Your Cause!
love me some Rick Allen!
don't give up!!! You can do it!!! Stay distracted. :)
1 month and 16 days until I report to the MTC
RT Horrible what's happening in Japan. You can text REDCROSS to 90999 to send $10 to relief efforts. Thoughts and prayers.
Getting excited for Opening Day. Big question: #mustard #ketchup or #relish? Do know it all gets washed down with a Natty Boh, though!
Hope you friends and family are well in the midst of all this craziness going on back home.
Always remember what go's around comes around so be careful what you do cause it dose come back on you
Time for pilates.
you are not alone. I want to sing that to you like MJ. but for real, sending anti-stress love!
If U have veggies growing inside rubber containers, they were probably protected fr last nite's East Coast frost. Rubber holds heat longer.
trumpets! Top hat must not win.
Poor James...he used to be called a fatso in school! Fork you haters!
Im getting it chick lol
You'd think they would fall over due to the odd weight distribution. Bauble boobs, anyone? Anyone...
Lol You silly but Really considering it
Their zingers crack me up! Who writes this stuff.
Texas Chainsaw Massacre will always be one of my favorite movies. Judge me.
thanks for the #FF shoutout! hope to see you at #FPAC20!
Excellent cause! In line with Dario's keynote yesterday; feels good to make a difference!
minus that hastag
STOP BEING A WIMP SOLDIER AND EAT THE DAMN STUFF! lol pls so i dont have to look at it!
cool, i'll try to make it down there soon! thanks for letting me know
that's our thing <3 (;
that's $850,000, more than enough to open the pools. Oh well...
So happy I don't have work tomorrow night so I can watch the season finale of Californication! Hank Moody is my main man
why thank you :p
Gurrl, you tell me when. I'm in the same place 5-Days a week. Cheese date!!!
lol yea u might need a bottle for the room
Remember people: don't illegally download movies. It makes George clooney sad. Like, I don't want bang my model gf in my infinity pool sad
Harvard Stadium?
Christmas Day I'm volunteering to give out presents to kids who are in need and meals to less fortunate families :)
way to go on winning best branded social media campaign!
My last tweet is amusing if you're into time-travel paradoxes. If not, just scroll past me.
This year's #NHL playoffs are definitely not as much fun as last year's playoffs. Tough series for the defending champs.
Off to pregame then concert. Can't wait perfect night to rock out to some country music!!!
Great presentation at VAIS today! Thanks. Looking forward to exploring your recommended online resources.
ok pretty
Please be sharing the event. April 21 is almost here.
wow 2000 already! its a huge hit!!!
I want you to produce a song for me. Reverbnation.com/mahigatomusic
GREE buys Funzio for $210 Mil. The big social-mobile game platforms continue to roll up key app developers to expand their portfolios.
Good morning guys and gals! We hope your day has started wonderful.
The "Cathy" comic is the women's equivalent to country " ...eventually every man will grow old enough to enjoy country music."
Just passed Ridge Wilson in the mall exchanging dat. Hm
I wish we could meet this week. I am a fan yet couldn't attend ASTD this year. Enjoy our fair city and fun weather. mark
Hey , what about having a more robust tree trimming program?
an presentation! Wish me luck! :)
prob not - i forgot it was this wk & have a bunch is meetings - have fun - maybe a happy hour again sometime?
: Justin & Beliebers FTW ..
so my mom gave me this Calvin Klein body lotion that she's had & i put it on... not gonna lie, it smells like old lady
stubhub is selling for reasonable
Happy Birthday to Mr. UrbanLasVegas himself!! We exist because he believes. Thank you John
just did!(:
I have no idea... U were saying 30 so I was just giving you a better price with 40! 100+ seems like an ok bet IMO
yes! In the sky box!
I blame the headache on sparkly purple hat. We had it too.
tell her I said "hey"
Was wondering if there is an easy way to find and remove duplicately saved articles in Instapaper (including in diff. folders?
oKaY, iLL TrY t0 QUiT.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Taking a silent moment in my studio before beginning work to summon the creative energy and ask myself, "what do you want to say with music?
why do ppl who hate textn tweet???
i count for 87000 people.. So i can help you to the 200k :)
wondering about spam crap on here, just deleted a few that wanted to follow me, and they were all about sex, gotta be porn hackers
Ok. Will do. Sorry mate.
2 nashville boys have cds that dropped today!! and , get some!!!! U know u won't be disappointed!!
Find Us at Booth 518! RT #ICSC #ChiDM is next week, who is coming?
Q: What's the height of conceit? A: Having an orgasm and calling out your own name.
Some people...
is there a scheduled power outage occurring may 13 3:25 am?
My goal of not over committing myself has, yet again, failed miserably
what you talking bout J
4/20 is ep 419 of #Fringe. 4/20 is also a great day to get high.Whether or not you do it during Ep 419 is your biz, but make sure you watch.
this will happen to me. RT 1.5 years after getting my MA, I still seek out sources that I could have used in my thesis.
yea i was a whole half hour late on my tweets but i just went in! #oke lol
um, awesome! Definitely consider adopting from a rescue, totally worth it.
just picked up cosmo mag with on the cover... LOVE IT
Now Justin Bieber has to follow Tony and Jordis. He doesn't stand a chance at being as awesome.
is a good friend of mine. Runner/triathlete and reporter for Buffalo News, covers Bisons and loads of other sports.
Tonight at 7 at the Alley we'll be playin a FREE rock show! Come out and enjoy yourself!
sorry love not sure what happened there we re-followed :)
Text me
When I'm on vacation who will water the aquaman?
no one can roll over the top of a slider away like Andrew!
My friend Derek is a Sports Director there now. I'll ask!
Motivation to knocking out this paper is my mother and spending time with the rest of my family tomorrow.
I was here first.
getting better everyday. Thanks sisterwife
of course I remember you:) how are you on this fine day lol?
Once again the horse industry in KY gets the rug pulled out from underneath it while other states are taking our horses, horsemen and farms!
you never sent me those american government vocab words!
oh no :-/ good luck with that. I say get an iPhone
thanks boo
Statistically, burglaries occur every 30 seconds throughout the USA.
Fresh Cut <U+2702>
Fellow Democrats education of all forms is important to our youth.Don't brainwash like the GOP does,let them make informed decisions.
Good morning
Thanks for the follow. I must check your place out soon
I'm trying to determine a way to check those tweets against all the papers I've submitted between 11pm & 7am.
Hey #NTTFaculty tweeters? Finals week, so limited time on Twitter. What am I missing?
Thats want i was saying when i was voting #TeamMindless can not let this happen.
Have you picked up the new ? What about ? What did you think?
Wishing my awesome husband a Happy Birthday. Make his day perfect & give him a shout-out.
The Longest Freakin Game EVER !!! .
I want to achieve my dream says the kid ....teacher replies you dnt have a dream..o walk in and go ninja on her..lol jk
chances are I was probably too drunk last night.
"Down below they spot small floating icebergs and they know that there will be no turning back."—Colum McCann's "Transatlantic" in TNY 4/9.
jealous! Real ARC?
ugh bored today is boring haha ima call angel back to see wat she's up to!?!?!?! :/
what you said to Bobby. About his spelling.
I luv the source code
Please tell me why my car is the front yard? - "My own worst enemy" - Lit
Working towards the weekend - starting it off with a gallery opening - Jennifer Main's new gallery in Las Vegas.
whoever it was...kill them for me...im sick.
I'm trying action method now. I'm as particular as you are.
I look forward to it! I saw no previous tweet, nor did the CIA, Scotland Yard or the KGB (they're still around, right?)!
Over 600K followeres and still growing (: you're fans really love you <3
You know you have a sad life when you fall asleep on the couch watching say yes to the dress on a friday night.
tonight you should be going to Hyde, 1Oak, Lavo and Chateau if your sticking to industry nights lol
Today is the international Day against Homophobia and Transphobia
My EMR (Epic) does the same MT My ins.co uses a secure email system. Notifies you of a message, & u log in to view it.
I know I'm a grown man but I wish my childhood would have been better maybe I would have made better choices.
other than #ThePrincessBride, MP is Satan.
Follow for #RRtheatre to begin at 8 pm central.
Morning! Good news! Now, in addition to the kindle versions, my paperbacks are available in all of Europe!
send an email with resource info: thanks!
I remember years ago when & I had a shared bep account called DollyPartonFan. LMFAAAOOO
need a follow back
RT : tweeps please welcome ! Reporting live from SCC at the Grand Ave Lounge!
sorrrryy, it skells like eggs and fucked up cheese
Zac and Miri make a porno is on YES. Underrated movie right there
Hi, Patty!
. No, no--shared governance is lovely. Just more work than Dave was letting on! :)
yea she is on her Dora da explorer status
Badger football big win over Gophers. Now it's time to see if the boys on ice can make it a great weekend.
Good morning DALLAS is trending, come party with us at #BlacklightPartyOct22 w/ at the Main Event Center(PURGATORY)get your tix
Zero OJ in Walker Bros? I call shenanigans.
I will still send you the link if you want me to.
next year we make that field goal...
Sorry, it all happened pretty fast, tried to let everyone know. Thx for the kind words, we'll always have Hotdog Plays of the Week
Thanks for the RT!
I call bullshit on the rumor about Harry playing a part as Mick Jagger in a movie hahaha okay not even possible
I was wondering. Don't you have, like, a *show* to make, and stuff?
Congratulations! I know you're going to do an amazing job! Can't wait to see what projects come out of the mind of RJ lol
omg you so lucky!! I'm jealous have fun!!:D
homeless ;p Buuutttt if we can find out their hotel that would make me happy :D
We are shredding today!
How Do Australian Electricity Prices Vary?
lol that sucks. I just don't want to pay after 30 days, and I know to take the card off but I'm afraid I'll forget.
Fuck study hall is boring
Thanks for the RT's! Happy sunny Friday!
Seniors aren't the leaders of yesterday, but the leaders of today too. Let's work towards Inter-generational leadership!
Hoping Stephan Lichtsteiner, defender for is doing ok.
Oh, well still. lol
the NBA, NFL, MLB, or NHL. Spend most of my time following soccer.
#ImHappyWhen I SEE MY GRANDPARENT'S..
Hey Madswag. Would ya please follow me? :3
Well said!!
MOGUL MARATHON...
thank you! weird sisters indeed. so not a fan!
With #DCU after??
you can go with this, you can go with that. We will go with sushi & sashimi platter and mojito tonight. Extra wasabi paaaaleease!
Trying out #TweetDeck this morning. #Seesmic was a great app, but it lacked some key features. TweetDeck is just as nice and FULLY loaded!
But where I'm at now. Can't be any Happier
Don't ever judge a book by it's cover, becaue looks can be decieving. <3
RT #Leo thinks they are a lover and not a fighter but that's wrong: they fight with passion to defend and advance their cause.
Twitch & Sasha like boss on boss!
some1 told me is releasing a sex tape. That seems odd she is releasing her own tape? I'm confused but kinda curious 2 C it.
S. Hildreth of : #DPLA to Start small - but go big.
We just got our 100th follower! Thank you We're following you back
it would be weird if you sent me a normal one haha
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
Made back to HOUSTON...
We have a winner! Thanks for playing our third anniversary trivia, everyone. RT : Carrots, potatoes and onions?
Looking forward to seeing a demo of the product!
Private party sun...
that awkward moment when a sentence doesnt end the way you- should press my follow button
You'll be fine. I promise
Aw that's cool you look mostly Mexican though my grandmother was black mexican and native Indian American on my dad s
SHE GOT HA HEAD DOWN AND SHE DROPPiN iT #Plies;)
Can't sit still today. Lot's going on!
your Mother would say the same thing about being retired - freedom to choose how you spend all your time is harder than many think
"Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember- the only taste of success some people have is when they take a bite out of you."#in
Chad is playing great and we have got to go out there and play well. On this golf course, anything can happen - Tiger Woods
LOL of course! and Good Morning to ya.
better. At least you're in left field - right field SRO are really crappy
NATO intervention on behalf of freedom and human rights was vindicated today.
ATT: All Slick Living apparel Tshirt will be shipping within next week. RT
so frusterated, tired, and worn out.
Danica Patrick wrecked.
Longer hair + muggy DC weather = ürb wanting to shave it all off. Thoughts? Y/Y? :p
For whatever reason, the spelling of the word "errands" pisses me off. Currently running aaronds.
RT if your one of the few who has NOT been spreading the rumors about , but SUPPORTING him? :)
I wrote wroth in my last tweet :3 *worth.
This guy... SMH
need to catch up... Who are we rooting for??
there are alot of movies casting in Louisiana!!! my agent is calling lets see what he got for me !!!
Pop Quiz: Contrary to popular belief bones aren't the only kind of fossils. What other kinds of fossils are there BESIDES bones?
"I'll take you to the ball, I hope you're not too tall."
Indeed--I'm always on the lookout for observations that might inspire some additional evidence gathering on our part.
what it do do what's your name new friend
I love rihanna I can't wait till her concert I'm bim!!! (:.
I dont understand why people r critical of Larry Brown getting job at SMU. Who would you of hired instead? Is my question of the day....
Venue Meeting for the show. :):)
GO!SPURS!GO!!
thanks for coming out to Flight For A Cure today. It was fun hanging with you man...(for Hans) What car did you bring over again?
Pace is the trick
Mixed salad of fear, regret, despair, hope, and love...with a couple of happy croutons.
Practise what you know, and it will help to make clear what now you do not know==Rembrandt...www.itsartnotstuff.com
Most definite I remembered Just To Get A Rep and Lovesick the first time I heard them word 4 word .Definitely an influence.
She has such a great smile. :) I love when she gets to deploy it on the show.
going tanning in the back yard... Phoenix is the best place for this sport to take place
yea I dnt be on here like that...
Great set. Great meeting you. I'm in NYC for a couple more days. Are you doing any more shows here?
In the AM a 70+ guy on a razor scooter. In the PM a woman commuting home on rollerblades with her CSA box in hand. #MUNI alternatives
Ok the game was over an hour ago stfu
Apparently the groundhog saw his shadow. Six more weeks of winter my ass. #GroundhogDay is bull! Nice how this is the warmest winter ever!
Buzzword alert: I heard “universal commerce” thrown around at a recent #CIO event I attended.
you really cantantantant. ;) holy shit i just realized something... no matter what mood your in, you always have pants on.
if you're bored, check out my new twitter background: boy on left, Western Civ on right.
my sympathies. I've been there, paid the price. Definitely not fun. Naps for everyone today? Good luck.
I miss you BIG
what should i say in reply to "whats up" seriously tell me whats up!!
Job applications??? My job makes me want to drink!!!
soo excited can't wait!! Love you all!:) <3
....paperweight not only in weight but performance. It's like Apple's Ive recently stated that competitors compete on wrong points
oh. Omg I like to listen to their accents.
I almost done with my prospectus, and by "almost done" I mean "scrambling to write something passable."
Merry Christmas everybody!!!
As long as we have faith in Cody, he'll go far :D
did... you eat it delanie? ewwwwww you cat poop eater!
tonight, pre playboy mansion event! Tons of bdays! Hit me up for guest list!
I really want to read your book!! I may have to just get it!!!
Padmapper app is great
Good read although still hard to fully immerse oneself in the program and interact. I use my iphone to find more broad info
Happy Valentines day! About to go hunt for and shoot down the cupid!
Thank you for the amazing blog feature on #FollowFriday! Come get that green dress!
thanks! We are in first place now! <U+E415>
Im really happy Directioners from different countries dont have this problem watch directioners that are "mad" are going to kiss and make up
in this video on fuse tho...
regular domestic short hair. Presenting an enclosure design
I wish I wasn't awkward, my love life would be so much better.
I took the picture, but I can't take credit for the graffiti. I love it, though.
": Man get ya money & stop being mad for nutin. U chose this life Ain't nobody mad on check day"
"people are wrapping presents in the lactation room" -
outside naked
In the crease again tonight! :) YAY
shes look like a pancake. lmao !
Nice work! Few agencies will actually take people somewhere for services/documents. We believe transportation is essential.
And we've reached the point in the program when Phyllis Kahn takes the stage.
#JuicyENT & Meek Mill is about to be too fun at the longbranch !!
Now booking weddings and events at Mount Airy as well as guided waterfowl and big game hunts!
Pressure cooker
Cole never finishes!
If you can't appreciate what you have got then get what you appreciate.
Looking forward to speaking at Grimm & Parker Architects Calverton office today at noon!
okay okay!
Don't ask why bitch, ask why not.
Film #3 America's Surrogate Mothers now playing!
Follow the best DJ ever
Still looking for Associate Search Directors in the NYC area. SEO or PPC, if you're interested let me know!
831 means "I love you." Eight letters, three words, one meaning. <U+2665>
*sigh* Yes, I'm at The Hunger Games on opening night.
Procrastination Is The Evil One.
Just spent two hours on the best bday present ever
My dream job: Making can opener, garbage truck engine sounds & etc, like the skinny black guy from Police Academy.
We're about to open the exhibit hall at #urjbiennial. Stop by JPS booth 111 as you make your way through!
Well, there's that ... and the fact that you're in your 40s now. Let's be real. :P
#FF -- He only needs 4 more left. Tell your horror loving friends!!
RT : Be Remarkable! Be Re-Tweetable! -
Good morning everyone...Happy Friday :)
everybody makes mistakes
I told her she don't have to, but she probably will cause I'm "her baby" lol. I hate him anyways, so I don't really care.
I really love getting off the bus and walking down my complex in weather that you need a boat to get through....
I used to eat a lot of natural foods until I learned that most people die of natural causes. ~ Anonymous
Lesson: Do not tweet voting results late night. b/c #whatisthisringouspeakof makes no sense. #whatisthisringyouspeakof is. right?
' I'll Have Another ' won the #KentuckyDerby .... that should have been a no brainer for me to bet ... WTF was I thinkin ???
your pretty
Everything is falling into place for our first season! Check out www.12peerstheater.org for more information!
i hate life. okay bye.
spot on. she's reviewing my audition tape.
I love it way better when im with my brother I get to go out and have fun. But when mom comes and gets me i get to hear her bitch
Favorite part about Sundays? Is it a good thannng or bad thanng? :x
just decided i need to go to the hole in the wall tonight. yep.
....Dave followed me. Hi Dave.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when my mom talks to my step sister about my dad & her moms divorce ..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Three solutions to every problem : Accept it, change it or leave it. If u cant accept it, change it. If u cant change it, leave it.
haha! thanks for the comment on my camping post. yes, we shall eat like KINGS! :) -lisa
I'm hungry fuck this shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Grading papers at the beach while ogling my sweetie in the surf. This. This is the proverbial life.
They say that alcohol kills slowly. So what? Who's in a hurry?
love your voice! Keep it up :)
Liar? "I've got to take a break, to be honest. I'm not even going to lie. " - Puff Daddy
But I love my doggies, despite the fact that they drive me crazy :)
last night...new favorite spot for a drink in the Ukrainian Village!
thanks so much :)
I don't think will ever follow me. Please Robert<3 I love youu!!!
Nah. The next few years. Dumb trade. RT : Said one Warriors player: "So we're just giving up on the season?"
Good morning thank god for another day
What is the time counter on a video called? What is the term used?
Ah that's my friend's mom on #RockCenter! Love the Angelo's coverage too. What I wouldn't give for a plate of gravy fries!!!!
Good luck!
Now we've got a game worth watching!
All #Rockets fans should check 's stream over the last couple of hours. Nails it as usual.
I think they just switched the twins lol
At BattleofAtlanta 43 June 17 we're hosting an InHand Marketing Seminar for our friends; see www.battleofatlanta.info for details!
you are so awesome!!!
ETHEL's CD relase at Joe's Pub was great!
#DeadlyTermsUsedByaWomen WOW: bonus word, This is NOT a compliment, she is amazed that one person can be so stupid.
First day at work for my new job. Wish me luck.
I think you mean 22 cash games not 35
CODY IS BOSS !
hi Keith!! I'm well thanks!! You?! It's a wet sloppy mess out there!!
Forgetting your headphones is probably one of the worst things to do.
will you be in Az next weekend?
Ladies, don`t ever try to get a taken man to cheat. Cause if he does cheat on her for you, he`ll cheat on you for another girl too.
Obviously being employed is important but does the major hold the key to success/happiness?
haha see I was right, I knew he said it
NFL getting what it wants, people going overboard, they'll say we tried safer on head injuries but union, fans media fight back
Headed to Vegas for the weekend, let's party?
I would hate to have Jesses mom ,
ive got boots and she got wings im hell on wheels and shes heavenly id die for her and she lives for me
Great second half effort helps proprell us to a 92 to 69 win over Methodist. Got a quick turn around on Sunday againist Kenyon. #letsgo 2-0
i am asking for prayer for my son jesse his in jail but i now he needs jesus please lift him up in prayer thank u frome my hert
<---- follow them, follow back instantly! who else wants a #shoutout?
"pretentious."?? This from someone who follows Bill Mahr?
We'll stay tuned. Have an awesome week. Peace.
it does. It really does...he has been up since 2 am and can't keep anything down and is too weak to sit up. It sucks =[
Today's article will be another awesome indie artist. Check www.thevinyldistrict.com/Chicago to check it out. Spoiler Alert: he's awesome.
SVEUM hits a drive to right center and deep! GET UP! Get up and get outta here GONE! A solo homer for Sveum and it's 1-0 Crew!
I played the Big Gamer on Campus Instant Win Game & Sweepstakes for a chance to score big prizes! Check it out www.biggameroncampus.com
good god! so violent!
when do you plan on coming back to the ?
I was going to post something intellegent, but considering how my brain is still trying to wrap itself around my schedule: BRAAAAAAAAAIIINS!
So scared for tomorrow #hurricane Irene will come to newyork city cause my dad just came back from bjs and got......
Forrest tho I got so bitchy this year.
Rare day off with , birthday breakfast with friends. What to do after that's the ?
Dear Fairy Godmother: #wine #massage #cabanaboy #sunshine needed
Chapter 2012 Page 123 of 366 Praising Him in advance is easier said than done.
one man's reeking...
How'd you know I was talking about you? hee hee. I kid! Just kidding, I'm not kidding, I was totally talking about you. ;)
I'm Focus Man!!!
Just joined wrongplanet.com as a Neurotypical- I'm the outsider this time! Hoping to learn tons from the network!
we'll pass on the good words to Perry for ya
I agree. Yard sales, flea mkts, estate sales = Heaven
today? Or do I need to come pick it up?
: Playing in the dirt again?
Have you read the transcripts or listened to the oral arguments today? Feel free to sound off
one hour massage at the chiropractors? yes please . I'm gonna enjoy this <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Back in Northwoods after two weeks away. Trees leafing-out. Woods a bright spring green under cloud-streaked sky. Cowbirds gurgling. 47 deg.
You are right Mike....The Admirals desperately need these 2 points vs. RF....Good luck to one of my fav Badgers!
They send cards, flowers, candy, diamonds-something to show love on this special day
Keep it <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AF>
A big shout out to Donald Trump & Michael Cohen for overturning petty prejudices that get in the way of Peace and Harmony!
I'm getting my sides shaved this week. I need a new change.
No problem phrat!
Health care faces extreme austerity measures - Ottawa Citizen
My whole life comes to a stand still when my thyroid becomes unbalanced severe fatigue hot flashes
The Girl I Love She Got Long - Led Zeppelin
I'm on some keep ur thoughts an ur feelings BITCH U Don't NO ME...(x_x)
i must say, i wrote a killer hook....
// I am! I started working at Creature in Jan. I hope to meet you soon
did you make it okay?
Wha?!? Going there tomorrow! :)
Had a nice evening with the boys at Leducs.
How else was I suppose to carry a gun without being hounded by the cops, despite having been arrested almost six times at that point..
thanks! haha. I'm wide awake & I have to get up in two hours for school :O
RT : Congrats![Thanks, Jay..it's nice when players get it all together.]
Lets go Raptors
she would be my best friend if she didn't run so much XD but seriously. I want them in a basket and i want little bowties
Short week... Chi on Thursday YAY!
Thx, so glad to hear! RT : Thanks for having us. Dinner and the service was spectacular!
Due to unforeseen circumstances, we are unfortunately closed tonight. We are very sorry for any inconvenience. Hope to see you tomorrow.
At the Salon getting a hair cut, then mani and pedi, its "Beauty Time"
A letter writer does not need to receive an email request to submit electronically, they need only log on to our site.
If you were a tear in my eyes, I would not cry for the fear of losing you.
I'm honored to be a new member of the Advisory Board.
It is easy to observe out of this list how taking drugs can result in ongoing dental health problems
Please realize you can't control certain situations so don't get so upset all the time!
I'm so tired. worked all day :)
I am from Maryland. What kind of info. are you looking for?
Dont want to go home after school.
Tell that mofo, bump that. I'm outtie... -_-"
The Hunger Games YEAH
A person can be as great as he or she wants to be. If they believe in themselves and have the courage, the determination, and the dedication
DANG! They may have found one A but I have a feeling there are many more A's out there. Great episode!
At the mall cuz I have nothing better to do
Inform is fun. I'm pretty amazed how useful they made it considering they use almost normal English as a programming language.
oh that's sweet!!! :D I bet both of you are excited!! haha
tucking in to a curry sucker
Make sure you check out President Obama's speech tonight!!!!! I wrote a gem!!!!! I think this was my best speech yet!!!!
those are the plug wires?! How convoluted is the rest of the car?
Who the hell told everyone in Hyde Park, West Campus & Clarksville to go grocery shopping tonight?!?
Someone: *singing* its a small world after all, it's a sma- Me: I WILL FUCKING RIP YOUR EARS OF IF YOU DON'T SHUT THE HELL UP!
Omg I was just called a asshole, idk what do. Think ima go and cry....psh foh.
Matt "The Walker" will be @ Z-CoiL on 4th St. in #ABQ @ 11am today! Come by, hear his stories, & share some fun!
There you go again
Great... Thanks! Check out my blog listed on my page. I've started adding there.
:hands you a cup of fresh brewed: ;]
I've been good!! How have u been
Need a Father's Day gift? Stop by any of our locations for a gift card or tons of other "cool" ideas for the dad in your life.
re Pinterest, I also wouldn't mind if we cld create pix or at least p/up headline if there's no visual. Maybe after IPO lol
Hope you enjoyed your meal tonight!
This convo warms my heart (and my brain). Just talked today abt NOT ordering new txtbks. So excited to use more.
yall sleep or what! Tune n now while we got on line co-hosting, http//tsm-1.com/ click radio 2 tune n. LEGGO!
Gregg Williams offering $10,000 to the NFL executive who lifts his ban
Thanks for calling me venerable! Many will disagree. :)
One day off and then 8 days in a row of work. After that, Halloween!
The Barry Levinson movie "Diner" will be made into a Broadway musical. What will some of the song titles be? Here they come...
LOL Very Excited!!!!
This weather sucks
to be closer to the pols who won't let us enjoy a smoking ban?
If you wanna win next year, don't count on us. We're gonna need 3-4 years. At least.
Yall can call us ignorant but Niggas dont give a damn ..
quick run down for the wkend, tonight The Kennedy..Saturday(PoolParty at HawaiianVillage) & (FoamParty at TABU)!
Have a case of the Mondaze? Head over to and Whip In and grab a donut! It'll cheer you up!
#nce11 Alan November: most imp. Knowledge in classroom questions of students
Killing time murders opportunities.
Teacher brought a furbie to class
2012 We want to make sure you have the resources to run for office w/
We usually don't go in for formality, but could you please complete this speakers bureau app? ://ow.ly/1LQ9lL cc:
you'll be missed man. best of luck after graduation
Lebron and Wade should have to pay 100 dollars for every missed free throw, ill advised shot or shot not within 18 feet of the rim.
That would have to be the lowest point of anybodys life, to borrow money from their childs friend.
NO I DIDN'T YOU FAGG0T
Got new iPhone. In a word: rad
Keep up the good work and promo ladies :) I'll gladly keep in touch mwahh xoxoxoxo Mwahh! Thanks chica!!!
DMC's got my vote!
My android was doin that & calling ppl I dont personally from my FB list 3 in the morn. Had 2 scrap it.Sounds like a song idea
At Univ of Pitt Law Graduation. Lots of people in robes here. Normally, in a robe at 2:30pm is a bad thing.
Congratulations to Henry Caslin. He was the winner of $250.00 for Peachy Airport Parking's drawing at the 2012 GA International Auto Show!
that is be true
congrats Robin, sucks they are breaking the team up tho.
Ugh, there it is: "the way in which"
that's 3 FOR and 0 against. Shots it is!
Getting ready for a ikea shopping day with the wife. Sounds like fun
Faulty friends and messed up nobodies don't really bother me... But family.. Smh
u sho u good?
Good morning!
Getting ready to present the inaugural Chuck D. Dziuban Award for Excellence in Online Teaching!
Tumblr is ruining my life
Cause stone cold said so.!
Action is the foundational key to all success! What action are you ready to take?
“If it is to be, it is up to me.” ~Wordsworth
Thank you for sharing!
give your heart a break music video needs to come out now. <3
Surround urself with value creators so you can be open with your heart n mind in an environment based on grace, merit and generosity
UChicago haiku: Above the towers / Heaven’s vaulted expanse yields / Countless creations (Neil J. Saltzman, AB'91)
At Ruskin with my mommy godsisters nd cousins
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!
Two Huffington blogs coming...one on the green production of #ThinkLikeAMan and the other on #leanstartup in Hollywood...stay tuned.
Proud of Bopper and Mark. Represented #BBN well!
49er's or the Giants? Patriots or Ravens?
Cook & Schmid won four local industry awards for outreach campaigns at this year's Bernay's ceremony. Thanks team.
HEY GUYS- so... why didn't you review this movie last night on WEDNESDAY, NOV 3RD???
I look forward to a day like today when my adopted african son Reginald Jamal Amick will be committing on ESPN
I'm sorry :( What are you doing today
Bought some church clothes
I heard it doesn't count on your plan. Some people still don't have unlimited texts I guess. So IPhone to IPhone is free.
Keeping wishing for that one guy but you know it's never going to happen
Sunday is going to be CRAZY! The No Theme Super Dance Jam Sunday Afternoon with , Bunny Fufu and Precious Cargo! PIT STOP!
Andrew Garfield, Girlfriend Emma Stone Kiss in High-Flying 'Spider-Man ... - Celebuzz
Yay, congrats! RT Just got interview by KCRA! A segment on Holiday Shopping! PeraDice on TV! Watch for it tonight!
Hi : ) Just got home~spent day with my niece.....I will be working on report cards for school shortly so I won't be on 2 long
just got done unloading everything. Still up for a drink? I think Simon is out, but I would be down.
Wearing flats today... You know, YOLO.
#Follow You won't be disappointed. I've spent way too much time on his account this morning. O.o
Watching Glee :) 'cause i like to keep my issues down.. <3
Its officially over!
Hey im happy
hi Alba! ! What?
Thank you for inviting me to the play "Crazy is Love" last night. I had a great time and enjoyed meeting people.
Hello Wednesday?
I'm pretty sure Amanda Palmer is actually a dude.
haha well he's hosting this after party and there are def some kids here to see Him haha
I grew up in Ky and thought archaeology was all pyramids etc. didnt realize there was lots of things right here 2/2
Agreed! It's like when the Hemingway heirs licensed the signature rifles. Stop living off the family genius.
I would like to point out that this time was not eliminated from the narrative.
yep. I'm still all hopped up on goofballs.
this it's the results of believing in the people and american worker.go obama
toot then boot it
men's restroom key
Russell Brand stand-up commercial followed by Katre Beckinsale action movie comercial.. One of these things is not like the other.
A #Pisces artist easily dwells in a world of Neptunian images & sound. They produce colorful entertainment that speaks to a generation
Please follow me?!:)
Trust can be lost within seconds, takes a lifetime to regain, and is still never as strong.
This is the creed of creeds, the final deposit and distillation of all important faiths: that you should be able to believe in life
I'm helluh mad is desperate for 's follow rn.
A successful #law practice begins with a database: all the potential clients and their decision makers. Overlay with news, socialmedia, etc
. ninzi's is on University in Hillcrest.
Shepard Smith of FOX News says of the Obama announcement: “The president of the United States: now in the 21st century."
Keep the good news coming.
Happy #FF everyone! The higher the twitter activity the less work gets done. But we're not complaining. FF lists coming soon!
Does he punch her at the end of it? RT > : woah this brandy chris brown song is cray
Packers fans talk about football like how i talked about GI Joes when i was 8
Austin! I love you <3
ah, you have the English goat names! What edition do you have? Mine has Swiss German.
Thank you hun!! lol off to class....fun times ;)
Just rec'd an automated call about a bomb threat being called in to the Chevron Bldg. Evacuate immediately. If I knew where that was, maybe.
Do you still take care of your tootsies with a pedi in the winter or just hide them under fuzz socks & cute boots
LAMILL Cafe will be closing early today, April 30th, at 4:00pm for a private event. We will re-open with regular hours tomorrow!
what act did you see and what happened? we do not like to hear that our customers are unhappy!! DM us and let us know!
There is NO g behind #saysomethin get that straight and we can be friends :)
Prediction time - Who wins Game 7 of the World Series?
Bring Back Ringer 2
oh eeeww!! good tip though!!
Enjoy a #swinger special vacation 4 nights $399 visit us
Jeff beck Strat in surf green!
#superbowl party menu should consist of foods from participating teams city
everyone loves you except for bush whacker :)
RT if im cute ppl dont do this im ugly I get it
Charlie Brown Christmas Special is exactly what every Christmas needs.
“: .... I am gunna start my application for tonight :) ! I'm excited”
sounds good to me...
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. John D. Rockefeller #Entrepreneurs. Embrace fear. Today courage has your back.MDM
IM AT MY MOM'S HOUSE
Wtf RT : FYI ITS SUPPOSED TO RAIN UNTIL SUNDAY
Just finished the planking song it is crazy!!!!!!
I spent 44 hours with amazing, well-developed characters and you barely even touch on them in the end? WHAT. THE. F
wrote you a letter & delivered it today for you to read! Lets stop bullying so ALL kids can feel safe & happy.
Tired of everyone arguing about same-sex marriage. Some of the negative opinions are flat out insane.
[DK GreenRoots] Short Term Climate Forces: Black Carbon ...
Have any pictures of the beautiful sunshiny day? Send 'em our way and we'll share them!
Superbowl XLVI . In my home state...
Congrats!! Plz tell me you're not moving to stillwater though?
Good day at the beach with
Having family lunch in a tent in our backyard on this beautiful Sunday afternoon!
If you wish to know truth then hold no opinion for or against anything, truth then is obvious to an open mind. -Zen-
it's crazy expensive' RT Get use to it. I pick up my daughter. I wish that the hairdresser was as cheap as a haircut.
#bolognese #wine and a movie...life is good!
Gotta go hear that new jcole and missy elliot... am I dreaming missy back kim back all we need is eve n trina china white n SAYSHA J BIIIIH
I think they do that shit for entertainment.
to love someone is to see a miracle invisible to everyone else
Nice to join and/or meet you!
I know I know! Its on my list of upcoming future vacations -SanFran/Napa Cali trip!
awwwhat?!?! ICONic Boyz didnt make it at HHI?!?! The Judges were obviously high and Legally Blind!
Im so hungry hungry hungry
Enjoying the nice day! Designing jewelry for the many SheaMoí Naturelle customers!
You're such a man, your truck has balls.
Fuck you. Roll your window down, Gadniator.
good piece; thanks for writing it (and for the link)
Omg I swear I would pay 100$ JUST if you would take a few seconds and follow me :)
But it is our weirdly-shaped state. RT : I vote for Maryland for most weirdly-shaped state.
Boyfriend is touring a refugee camp in Kenya today. But I might go to Harris Teeter later, so I'm sure my day will be just as interesting.
grimey gates next flight bro
LOL!!! I use a nerdy high voice :) like an 7 year old girl.
Riding in the car right now. It's HOT outside.
thank you for the K+ !
When your mom says "look ma no hands " going over a ramp .
What kind of freak grinds their teeth so hard that their whole face hurts the next day? This kind. Ouch.
Gonzalez, Gamel & Narveson all likely out for the year. Karma for Braun getting out of his 50-game suspension??
Ah we have been here for 30 minutes now. I want to leave!
Miller is doinf well, Josh Reddick had an odd error that could have cost us if not for pitching and "Infielding" covering that to end that
Hello, Steven. It's a pleasure to meet you. :)
Natural Balance here, at your service! Love your tweets & articles...exactly what our clients want to know! ~Linda :o)
FAIL - RT #blackeyedpeas rocked the #superbowl halftime show! The best I think I've ever seen. A job well done!
Thanks for entering! Winners will be notified shortly.
So...my license plate was stolen...yep, that happened. What a frikkin WEEK!
She was born ratchet.
Up at four!! Gotta catch a 720 flight this morning!! Very tired..
I wanna go camping.
i can't wait till that grammy touches your hand<21
#dailyfeedback It's Pete Seeger's birthday. Songs that are somehow connected to him: covers, feat Pete, etc. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
Arrival temp of 90 may deny cashmere.TY
#SustUnbound Steve Traszkoma: Humanities can interrogate very meanings of sustainability itself
thanks!! We are thrilled to go to the West Coast for the first time
I found a purple shirt to wear. Sadly I am unable to take a post a pic in support. I am still in though. WEAR PURPLE TODAY TO SUPPORT!
Got sushi? SAN SU HAS SUSHI!
Great meeting you at the AMA gifting suites. Follow us to receive free services and promotions!
Check out the CohesiveSelf iOS app by , a #swroc participant. is another #roc innovation.
Awesome! Hope youre well man": Game 1 in the books. RANGERS!!"
Ecosphere Technologies to Announce First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
": ": I ain't got one either, so what's good«««u foreal
Damn you are out to get some produce and then some.
Guys, we interrupt this important news story...ANDREW LUCK IS GETTING OFF AN AIRPLANE! OMG.
Welcome to the iWorld.
All-U-Can-Eat Crab Legs Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday - 4pm spacer 2-4-1 Margaritas Tuesday and Thursday
The Exorcist? Girl bye.
Feeling is, yes meaning does not see it.
check out the belt!
Anytime! Did you change the storify URL or am I just having issues connecting? I'm getting a server error.
The COMPLETE list of Oscar nominees!
#NP hey DJ by lighter shade of brown S/O to my boy
thanks for RT, bro :)
ah well I may come down... Will let ya know skidz!
#wtw2012 true true! WeLead alumnae too shall take over!
I tried to put a Waterbed in my house, but Anthony Davis blocked me.
Is there any NEW #MATTFLYNN news?
There is a shortage of Brach's Cinnamon Candy Hearts in Milwaukee. I've been to Walgreens and Target and both stores are out!
Jeremy and Elena act like they are in love and not brother and sister.
I LOVE your music and follow you cuz you're amazing! My brat auditioned!
Well, I'm thinking about Jet Black and blue w/ a blonde streak.
Feeling unlucky today? $13 dollar tickets to tonight's performance of "..de mi corazon Latino" at Source @ 8pm. 202-204-7763 before 5pm
Have been told today that you are the best MMA host? If not here it is. Your the best MMA host in the biz.
lol am driving ha
Gonna go pick my baby up for lunch 1st time seeing her in like 2 weeks
thank you sweet girl! We celebrate in 2 wks in LA!
Prom dress shopping is so stressful D:
Much appreciated. I haven't had a chance to get it yet but there is on on the 315S onramp from Olentangy at Riverside.
WordPress keeps my vote.
You send it in email?
Nothing like a 2 hour brainstorm related to a rare blood cancer to make you rethink your position on quitting coffee.
Why am I about to do something called #Insanity?!?!?!? Smh
Only 5 o'clock?!?! My days drag when I don't work. Guess its more #Netflix streaming till dinner time. Oh yeah, I gotta cook. Damn!
Bah, not well. Something came up so I had to stop for a bit. Should be good to start again. Will post when I do
How do u transfer Raw images onto your computer?
All the candidates are waving their class warfare credentials
I'm a lifelong 49er fan and I just want to let you know that real 49er fans have your back. The sun will shine again bro.
Thanks for your #investment in us on the #EAv we really appreciate it :)
At buffalo wild wings with the fam :) after this im going on a diet...lol...i eat too much.! lol
Pay attention! Be alert! Be amazed! U never know how God might break in2 &out of ur life in order 2 bring healing&new life 2 the world~Credo
There's a difference between quaint and junky. The Brady has moved into the latter.
completely calm! :) Life is too short. hope you are having a great night!
#GMIC gets it. they purposefully left time in program for exercise, good food & rest. went w/ a total immersion strategy.
Aren't those pens from your employer?
My mama boyfriend just said he want let nobody knock his tooth out for 5 million$$ -_______-<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
Who's planning to play tonight? Libations, appetizers, & half baked chocolate chip cookies...
finally got the chance to watch Austin's ustream on youtube. poor baby.
If people can't do something themselves, they wanna tell you that you can't do it either. If you want something, go get it.
Wow, Kirk Cousins taken by the Cousins and RGIII. Just as much potential for controversy as upside.
Happy superbowl Sunday!
Thanks for recent RTs/mentions!
OSU & UK ion championship game
I need a life. All I do is go to work and go home
Montreal got this far as USL team.
A customer experience begins the candidate/employee experience
oh..wait.
“: sleeve tattoo? #hmm”do it do t
I wish i had more clothes.
Oops - Kent State killings were in 1970 not
<U+270C> more days 'till 's b-b-b-birthday. :D
where'd you get your idea for marking c's growth and skills on that chalkboard wall?
his name alone is an aphrodisiac...and im at work! shame on you ;)
Its gonna be a long day!
A home refinance loan can improve your current rate & terms, can change the type of loan you are in & increase your loan payoff time.
Netflix makes yet another change. I give the CEO 90 days before he declares he's resigning to pursue election somewhere.
I'm not saying get rid of college football, but the system needs an absolute, total change, I do agree with that part.
Ah I can't wait to se my loves tomorrow! MIAMI ain't ready!
When telemarketers call, I pick up and hand the phone to my two year old daughter. Hilarity ensues.
note also, e.g. Canada Post is suing app developers, claiming copyright in POSTAL CODES. impt to preserve open govt interface.
How's the baby doing?
are there still classes at the Minnesota locations even with all the snow?
you woke?
Golf World almost back to normal w a #Tiger win today...will officially be normal in 2 weeks with a #Masters win
Wait...that's not your real picture?
Happy 6 month anniversary baby, I love you. Im sorry you're not feeling good, but I can't wait to see you on Friday.
When words leave off, music begins.
Life is such a waste of death
LOL!! OMG!! Salty. Steven...trust me I want outta this box!!! UGH!
Twins should've put a roof on their stadium.
but for the time being i'm being thwarted by my freaking inability to find this study! *scowls at weaksauce googlefu*
on wisconsin?!?
awh i missed you to
He said , i will climb you b|tch .
loving this city! Table for one, bottle of red and escargot, waiter doesn't bat an eye!
Morning offering your followers exclusive tix offer for #BabyBashBling! Let's chat...
Just finished presenting on rescue to a great group of teachers at Florida Holocaust Museum's teacher's institute. Leaving for home.
...conforming to the european editions.
one in each leg, with room in the ass for Pedroia
hm. I thought he looked very uncomfortable in a "this seemed like a good idea on paper" kind of way.
just give them a call
Wishin my dudes were with me for my 21st but nonetheless lets get fucked up
awww where? lol your like in love with my momma :)
What is doing with these #Superbowl spots? No one is ever going to mistake it for the drink of urban sophisticates.
i need you :)
We can help you keep up with the tech news flow, too! Need sources?
like I felt so bad because he didn't let me have my space :o
Is there a good desktop based social media feed management/aggregation solution out there? Because I have yet to find one.
confirmed for Thursday, December 15th.
Thank you Irma, same to you!
Ebonee I did respond! My it was funny as hell
Reunited and it feels so good , ,& twitterlessnicole
It's been far too long, ! #goblue. : It's finally here...GameDay.
that's a good idea lol, they aren't too bad are they?
agree. Have to be out there feeling the grass
hey bro!
First day of Autumn! What fall activities is everyone excited for?
“I got rabies shots for biting the head off a bat but that’s OK – the bat had to get Ozzy shots.” Ozzy Osbourne
Unlimited texts necessary for teen parents! RT : Teens send 60 texts a day (up from 50 in 2009), according to a new Pew study.
"No bite marks no scratches and no hickies"
Too many life decisions!
The plane is finally here and I am on my way home. YES!
Rockin out to Tailor Swift with birthday girl A!
buy a shirt today and your name will go into a drawing for a free shirt of your choice! go go go! www.hyebyeclothing.com
... Please help by following me on Twitter and recommending others to do so as well. I always try to bring a positive note to your life.
What impact can a great point guard make at the major college level? Take some time and watch South Florida play in the NCAA tournament.
Welcome To Detroit.
Back in the championship! CATS CATS CATS
No more mr nice guy
This week we made Banana Nut Bread. Was a great breakfast. Next week I think we will try some Sour Dough...
Thanks for the shoutout Jen! - glad you like the comparison - thought it was fitting. :)
that's funny. Cool kid
We still have 4 Albuquerque Isotopes tickets for the correct answer to our Tuesday Trivia question on facebook!
Thankful for everyone who came out to Boocoo tonight for the blues jam and those with us in spirit!
E.g. decline of traditional families, rise in people with multiple jobs, longer hours at work
ok , what you doing
oh ok!
Currently listening to Big G's Wakarusa soundboard recording. Dom kills it on the sax in I Can't Stop!
happy valentines day!you da man always.all my love.xoxo *christina the cuban*
I miss summer
Love, love, love that Eli loves to help me bake (and clean up)!
unless you are over 100 yrs old, u moved within walking distance of a Univ. Did you really expect quiet?
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways butter your muffin.
Slept like 11 hours :) #koalastatus as Kevin M. Would say
That moment when your out somewhere not dressed up and there's like 3 cute gus!:)
Choosing water over wine - Nazarite Liberty
got a YouTube link??
yet he got into the driver's seat of the car!
What pictures are y'all lookin at besides the ones on Instagram?
love that tweet!
It's not enough to vote & walk away. Let your vote AND your views be known-It actually does matter to legislators.
Savage Life still fuggin SLAPS
lol thats random! you having fun Styles?? ;D
Haha...You cant see whos online on here!!! dummy. haha :)
I see the still think it's last year - 0 runs in opener vs. Mets. Pretty sad. Memo to management - trade for offense.
Mom (from Illinois) just said: "I can't believe I'm watching the #Brewers game. I never watch the Cubs' game."
longest walk ever . i like sittin' in the middle of the road though :)
Bitch I'm off probation. Gotta go to the lake
Dibs! That car is awesome.
Yup! That's how you win. Ijustwatched the damn video like 5 times. hahaha. And posted it on FB. Usher aint playin around.
I HAVE BEEN BULLIED BEFOR AND ITS NOT PRETTY ITS THE WORSE THING EVER :'(
See...I actually am good for something. :)
i used to do football but then I wanted I get a job, so I had to quit .
Congrats to Cassandra Moore on her commitment 2 play basketball & attend State Fair CC next season! She will have a shot 2 move on 2 D1
OMG go make a commentary about it and make sure you use a lot of exclamation points in your title and put it in all caps!!
Now that's interesting :-)
This is really taking off! We're in Boston WAITING to be found! Look for those orange #RepeatReceipt shirts!!
I don't mind if you followed me, I wouldn't care but just letting you know you're the best to Justin <3 RT
basically how guys at rocket concerts feel...
Yo, I’m such a sight to see I turn a hater to a tourist The way I order Rose, I turn a waiter to a flourist
<====Will tomorrow be the last day 4 a #Bulls themed avi?
First thing first...mall time, I think I left something in Vegas...hello Miami!
We have Jeff Ashton's new book. What he's saying about the #CaseyAnthony case... This morning starting at 5!
haha its true!!
sleepy as ever
Planning a party in 2012? Book it with our catering department before Friday to lock in special pricing.
So my phone fell when I was on one of the rides ... and I caught it with my feet.
:) just dont ever get a boyfriend. they're annoying. :P lololol
am loving the original #Gladiator: Olivia Pope and the backstory of her motley crew in this ep
One hour left!!
Ding!...round two!
of course
Tonight is our HOMAGROWN Showcase! Come join us for some fantastic music with NO COVER! Presented by Stinson Entertainment and Spy Radio
The show must go on
": That suspicious moment when you know your friend is hiding something from you."
The feeling is oh so mutual!
My #Fridayreads is 5 back issues of The New Yorker. I will catch up. I WILL.
call me !
when does get him back so I can see him
Smoke something
Thankyou so much for sharing "Closer"!!!!
Excess buildup of acid in the body diminishes oxygen supply to the body’s cells and tissues.
it's quite impractical
“: Les go”I have to finish one game im playing now then yea!
Is the world really ending tomorrow? If so, off to buy some Oreos and whole milk!!
Have fun at the
wow, incredible shots!! i love B&W.
I'm guessing by those numbers that was born in 1990, the year I graduated high school.
Happy Friday From Hadley! Enjoy this day to the fullest!
Lol, yeah man RT : I look up and I see you got 18000 followers homie! Lol homie done took that leap!
I miss talking to you guys too! I never use my Twitter anymore =,= I'm gonna start again though!!!
The OKC Thunder picked up thinking he'd help win a championship. But if they keep playing him, they're toast
Can't wait til I talk to #oomf today :)
Ellen Faran MIT: communications is a form of accountability. Asking staff to explain a project to a board often clarifies the proj.
Cool! Wish I would have known before...
Don't think every tweet is for you !
of all the productive things one can do when let out of work early on a rainy friday afternoon, i chose LOST.
lol that sucks.dude
Just finished a 5 hour stint on a painting.
Going on the record.
healthcare should not be attached to employment.
do you have a email address I can send you an EPK to? thanks!
yeah, that's what I said...and according to Weather Underground it feels like 95?! I feel like we will hit 120 in August..
Lol! Well keep on doin what u do and don't forget about meh! :)
donations where you don't get a stock certificate
Prayers sent!! Good luck lovebug! You are so smart! I know you can do it!! You're gonna be a nurse! <U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E>
Call me maybe is the first song that has ever been stuck in my head.
- What's worse are the policies he's adding to the others.
An #unfinal. I love it. Let us know how it goes! RT : Final 4 my class will b #unconference format.
<3 you, too, lady.
hey whats up
A murder of crows! LMAO! These animal group names are funny.
Great demo by fellow Madisonians at #etis12 innovation incubator
congrats on the new job!
Visited Bookman's. I know from university town bookstore types, but there were some unusual people there tonight.
Ali Zafar was the first choice for 'Bittoo Boss' - Bollywood Life
Thanks for the mention! Hope you have a great day!
Enjoy the cheesecake at the wedding tonight! Congrats Leah!
Why has Facebook stalking been so difficult for me??
How do you type a whistle? o: Never did it before.
ima find you one!
what's the scoop?
hahaha I thought it was just me
#mycrazyobsession i have to have my bed perfectly made before i go to bed!
Bart Crow Band
Los Alamos fire chief: 'There's fuel all the way south to Bernalillo. This could become 100,000-acre fire.'
Great to connect with you at #TheNextLevelWorkshop event today!
That's what I read awhile ago! I think I'm going to do it!
so excited for the fashion show today ladies!!! :) time to do some glam graffiti!
The ice cream man!!! I can't see you but I can hear you
Light snow falling in Cambridge. Road and sidewalks are clear, no major traffic issues. See you at in just over an hour!
can you call corporate and have them show the GD game and not the Booth. I can hear Gibson. No need to see him as well.
On today's show it's politics as usual w/ & Charley Blandy from and , respectively. Tune in at noon!
Pitch day!
If life's too short to eat bad barbecue, why set out to eat as much bad barbecue as you can?
Justin Bieber has #GrewUpFast, but that doesn't mean that he's like gone or anything.
iPhone App Now Available for AtoZdatabases - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
You're doing amazing work. I'm so inspired!
Estelle's in for a big weekend with 2 b-day parties to attend! She's such a party girl!
lol! I know bro, I thought he was on the road back but it appears he is still far away.
Watching avengers on bootleg LOL
Hasty resolutions are of the nature of vows, and be equally avoided.
you earned it, christina!
no its not a myth yea i got a milf, real shit shes, 34....:)
Do you ever have anything positive to say you whinny old orange crybaby?
#inhighschool my chimistry teacher called her boyfriend on me,can u say
'Some of you are so busy drowning in e-mail that we forget what a miracle it is' says
sleep - of course!
I need all the help i can get tomorrow to be perfect. Its an all or nothing day. Im gonna puke just thinking about tomorrow.
RT : I'm not buying anything from N Carolina, no vacations there either - do something with your outrage
#nw 2nd half of this FA CUP...com'n Liverpool I need for you to draw this thing up. maybe sneak two in there!
Can you niggas and bitches please stop using my name "Jayy" ya'll are imposters,i been had the two y's,you betta google me mane
Lori Goldstein's closet.
having flashbacks of architectures past.
Hunger Games... WHEN?!?!?
the sad sack tour of hollywood. If that ain't crushing dreams we'll have to crush 'em ourselves!
love u too
I miss !! We haven't hung out since the titanic :(
So glad I pushed myself to the gym!
going to get back into nightly yoga. ... tomorrow.
you there?
RT : Only when Tebow does something, like brushes his teeth or something RT : Seriously, does it get any better than a Game 7?
Brewer game #3 tonight
I'd welcome any help you can offer, and I look forward to speaking with you.
“It is from the womb of art that criticism was born.” (Baudelaire)
Please, take it!
When's the last time you went to Happy Hour on a Tuesday? If its been over a week, that's too long! Come by tonight from 5-7pm....Cheers!
Abracadabra, I'm up like Viagra
the Entourage crew just went hard on Butter's 21st.
#FF because he is the defending champ of
I SEEN ALL I CAN TAKE LBVS
Haha. Yes, please let Kim know because she needs to be enlightened.
sure you did
Get that outta here!!
i'm guessing that as a % of occupancy, Co Stadium had less fans than BC in down years. New arena, new owner = bigger crowds
The quickest way through a storm is to focus on being a blessing to someone else. It really works!
Peanut butter is the best food in the world... besides ice cream, cake, and bacon of course...
you should get ridiculously long sharp ones and then just be real ghetto and try to type and text.
We look forward to seeing you!!!
good for you
When I listen to music with my headphones, it's like I'm in my own world!
"Evil triumphs, when good men do nothing"
Lmao. I'm lookin at a tatoo that is off the chain! He is wearin the hell out of it! Lol. #luvatattonasexyman!
sill on?
My 12 year old sister and her friends dressed up as the boys from One Direction today and I may or may not have been apart of it...
I'll be in the city tomorrow night dinner possibly???
you jerk, I dougie. you're cool, I'm epic. you walk, I swag. you dream, I believe. you're a fan, I'm a belieber. <U+2665>
Already chica... U know what it is!!!
#rockhall 2012 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Inductions Guide: Schedule of events:://t.co/Ny646hf8” and Cleveland Casino opens 5/14/12
Coffee and a bagel will always remind me of those days at Plymouth.
Would love to hear more about the operationalizing culture conference!
Did you know that a burglary occurs every 14.6 seconds?!
68 degrees now in Portland. says that's our warmest temp of 2012. Nice Easter!
Meet me by the lake
SILK ULTRA CLUB TONIGHT DJ MALIK SUAREZ - DJ AOK - NO COVER ALL NIGHT...50 CENTS DRINKS TILL 11.
This is like mistaking a cup of milk for a cow
I dnt catch feelings! Feelings is something I know I lack!
Took a whole day to deal w/ video creating, publishing, uploading
My experiment in puff pastries with veggies and baked egg turned out really well. But we were too hungry to photo so I just have to...
Not really dreading this school week! Last week of being a junior! Dang... Senior 2013
Don't miss Y2K the finale this Saturday, March 10 10PM to 3AM.
An Atlanta bookstore cafe had a sandwich (grilled cheese with honey & mustard) with that name.
It's Up Up and Away in an F18 Hornet tomorrow to celebrate the Navy’s Centennial of Naval Aviation.
SO AMAZING
thank you. I wish the same for you.
Yes, it does. I'm just happy I don't have to be in the back of that ambulance anymore. Looking forward to not being on it at all!
I know. Bo
The world happens because of food and music. Houston, find out what the world is all about.
There's no denying that Kobe Bryant is a complete asshole.
Tune in right now to Late Show with David Letteman: Cubes, Carlisle and Dirk are doing the top 10 list!!!
Snowing in Cleveland.
we are & remain in crisis ... easier to ignore reality than acknowledge & address the underlying issues and then develop solutions
Took me years to enjoy ice cream again after managing a almost all of hs. Glad I got over it! On our way to #FreeConeDay !!!
Our running Seattle with #Ireland! Sunrise here we come!
Yankees not giving up!!
whoever the script they barely memorized said would win...
www.Shopshop.com, the apparel genius known for the all-exclusive formal dress collection
hey danny think any chance of cb going on idol she s in La?
you need to improve your photos at Neon Indian! Love you!!
when is ur performance day?
your future on maury is bright hoe.
Today is national cleavage day! In honor of it I will have cleavage all day!
Thanks for the RT's!
yeah i could see why u want drama. And yeah i understand yeah w/ nick yeah
Damn it's still 2nd period ?
pj's money flew out the window ;
McVay exits after loading the bases with 0 outs in the 5th. Caballero in the game.
helps us trend? Thank you:
I laughed hardest at today's Unshelved after I'd already closed its email. Took me a minute. You guys are bad. (But funny!)
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy ideal.
lol I guess so huh
I actually really like the fact that Typekit is included in the subscription.
Starting epic Wisconsin Film Festival experience. 17 films.
Been up three days str8
Went to a film festival 2night-met a director from LA-cool film-low budget filmmaking can be crazy, arduous but ya got 2 do what ya got 2 do
yeah...eventually.lol
Bachelorette Monday's are back <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Holy crap, I'm going to waste ALL OF THOSE PEOPLE.
Can i get it?
Blue sequin dress with brown suede boots????
I need something to do tonight..
Why do all teachers all have assign huge projects all during the AP Exam weeks. not like we actually have a life or other class work to do!
Last Computer Repair in #Pittsburgh, Installation of Windows Vista on Gateway T-Series Laptop....
Sounds delicious, Chef Mike! If you have any leftovers you know where to find us ;)
. Thank you for the MT! Help us spread word about voting tomorrow, #Nov8—the day the people get the VA Senate back
And I saw you were engaged in a different tangential thought thread. No worries.
Raining.. alot of thuder. kinda liking this weather:P
- Food with the sister, dinner with the family and then Battleship later with a friend. And then more shenanigans in Texas!
I know , I found out earlier !!
Thankful for another beautiful day.. Its the small things that start your day off right!!!
its the truth!
casual conversation sir
Get your best shoes on and walk the path that YOU wish to walk. Stop waiting for others to HELP you. Help yourself!!!
Never! How have you been?
Wanna hear our new songs? Come hang out with us and the as we host some really great groups in GASTON, APRIL 2 at 8 PM. /yd
thank you do much!
The shower thing yes, true. I have a loathing for mixers myself - I just replaced the last of them in my house with real taps.
Around Christmas there will be an Android App for #moodle (from HQ) released under the GPL!
I'm tryna slow down...i need to regroup....crash the whip cop another imma recoup
Ooh, go for it!
:-( I'm here if you need to talk bud.
Need to curate for mobile devices, not just web. Not just angry birds on phones. They need schoollibrary the app in their pocket
To this day I still think that Shawn Kemp was a nastier dunker than Blake Griffin!!!
RT : We'll be at , will you? Let us know what you're heading down there to see!
Thank u sis. I appreciate it a lot. I actually needed some encouragement. This is final week at school & it gives me hard time lol
Slight work by Wale has been stuck in my head all day lol
enjoyed #alcatraz episodes last night that is a tough son of a gun!
at your service sir!!
A big thank you to all those who have served in our military past and present. Your service to our country is truly appreciated.
hells Yes!!! Let's get it
I would be really surprised if neither of Peter Crouch or Grant Holt made the squad and if Andy Carroll did.
My sanford biggers cheshire piece arrived! Don't you just love art?
and then ask them to name 5 female wrestlers and MMA fighters,
ii make mistakes too :/
I contemplate suicide everyday. :)
3 Seasons Deep And Still Wondering Why Nobody Told Me About This Show Dexter....It's So Serious...
Thanks for the info tip. Beauty of how info is shared these days. Gotta love it. Cheers from SF
well I think it's fair (: so get over it !
Hello, Mr. Bridges.
SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE NEW FOLLOWERS!!! WE WILL BE SURE TO KEEP YOU UPDATED WITH ALL THE NEWS THAT GOES DOWN AT THE SHOP.
Your just not worth it anymore
“: Anyone who's following me that's following frisha, tell her call me! Thanks :)” *Clears throat* what I say!
they gave you boys the sweet
fuck what people say And think get yours Kandi=Haters!!!!
We also have a "Guys' Sale" in the works. A Pataskala sale of hand and machine tools, vintage and new, John Deere tractor w/accessories...
Wow! RT : with artest suspension, mcgrady and battier are the only active players right now from houston's last playoff season
"I'll treat you like milk, I'll do nuthin but spoil you." - Lil' Flip "Sunshine"
thank you darlin! Have a wonderful day!
welcome home, I missed your snark ;) Hope you enjoyed the time w/ family in the sun.
Love the ladies of Your ROCK! Great examples! You too !
At work early as hell
Who u telling...lol...
Firefox 10's new inspector is actually pretty sweet looking.
Add me everyone..show me some love and ill return the favor
I'm allergic sirr
Basque Country Kisses!
doesn't notice me ;-;
ah i wanna be 's FOTM lol
Welp, this sweet tea vodka ain't gonna drink itself.
the best :) greetings from laredo, texas :D
Best sleep ever yesterday !
Chris just tweeted the strangest song....ever lmao
I was looking @ ur website; bet you made a wonderful Mrs. Molloy in Dolly! (my fave musical). :)
u will be missed in a bronco uni but im glad ur leaving on ur tearms knowing u can still smash players
Thanks for the RT! Happy Monday!
Oh at Sergio's. Not OF.
I could not have worded that any better :D
Sorry I wasn't around for #fibroawarenessday but I wore purple and got a chance to share my fibromyalgia story with a group of about 20 ppl.
I'm feenin for another tattoo
New Music Today. Pin ya ears back, JMac dropping dope again, mayne!
that was technically a subtweet! Hahaha
Friends help you move. Real friends help you move the bodies.
Training with the Sumo Suit.... was.... intense...
Using 4 pony tails to conquer the perfect messy bun and then regretting it when you have to take it out.
You don't know what kinda drug i'm on. I'm on God.
I'm gonna take these sleeping pills and knock the fuck out! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
If you're gonna wear 1 inch heels, just wear flats.. save your self from embarrassment
This may just change my life! RT : How to hail a cab using Twitter: bit.ly/yMcbNT
OMG! They'll probably make you try to sleep. Ugh :( that may be tough for you!
“: #Leo thinks they're the bomb in bed, but hey.. They are!” lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Anyone have a tattoo of a tshirt?
Adaptation to life.
Bagels are simply a cream cheese receptacle
NCA conference underway - great collection of technology companies and innovative solutions
u coming here to play under me ? If your smart you will
Bottom line! I'm inclined to put my own products on the market! #MadameDavisEmpire (heading out!)
Thanks everyone who came to LUCID last night and had a blast with us! You made it happen!
#GoodThursday to you !
that's awesome to hear! I'm sure it had something to do with their educator in addition to the art and subject, right? ;)
.. Didn't work! So I have no twitter mobile at the mobile:(..
Sex is biological; gender is cultural, bub. “: #Denver Pastor Del Phillips: gender handed down by God. #coleg #civilunions”
I play my enemies like a game of chess, where I rest, No stress If you don't smoke sess, lest. I must confess, my destiny's manifest.....
Follow back please? (: <3
why is movinng on so hard to do :(
Just saw the Badger band and the Horned Frogs band in the Rose Bowl Parade: UW-1, TCU-0.
does so much for his mahomies. <U+2665>
People think that serial killers are left handed. Not true. But Jack the Ripper was left handed!
Found out that my local SD is cutting to half day Kindergarten in two years, just in time for my little one to start school.
Thanks! You rock, too!
I have to say, Windows 7 is infuriatingly lacking in its MIDI settings. There isn't one. They removed it after Vista.
Can't you tell I love you..?
Congrats to Xavier! RT
Life is a long lesson in humility.
Come to WVU and take me. I'll pay for your wings, I get them free too!!
I pray there wnt be any problem RT : On my way to Holland!xx
you're welcome! And I'm glad :) yep I'm sure #Stelena is endgame ;)
ran one got it. Now I'm bout to make some brownies for thurs
woop! woop! Lovely to see you on here honey! x
Well look who it is. How's everything? What you been up to? Hope everything has been going well!
Thanks for the follow and the list!
I'd like to know how much money is spent each year on standardized testing.
waiting for Justin bieber!
FMIG Students: Come to Med-Dent NE201C now for a conference call with Fort Defiance Indian Hospital to learn about rural medicine.
Waking up at 5:30 for morning run tomorrow. Before work. Being audited this week. Training at 8 tomorrow evening.
Tribe Marketing
Reconstituting dehydrated carrots and some raisins in Dunedin Brewery's Red Ale, for the carrot cake.
i will:)
The Cagan Crossing has THE BEST customer service. We don't shill for anyone but they rock! Thanks 2438 for making our family smile!
Update. This 'macho' cat lover guy on Nightline is named... Jackson Galaxy.
w , we've mobilized 178,000 shareholders & voters to demand transparency in corporate political spending & campaign goes on
Xbox or PS3?
More Friends, More Fun
Just to challenge myself...I'm putting out a two-part mixtape...part one will be pure raw hip-hop...part two will be just for the ladies
Maken Love Faces ;)
Big fan of the original, but the MANIAC remake looks like its not going to disappoint.
Thanks for following to , , and
im sergio from spain:) and u?
is it wrong i just fed the dog chex mix cuz i forgot she was out of food?
A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug.
A new site design with the same great writers and web personalities you've come to love. It all comes together LIVE this Sunday, May 15th!
All this talk about breast feeding in public is a reminder that our bodies are only here for sexual pleasure.
Second these.
So excited about the building I found...Signing the lease next week!
Calm down... #MegaMilliions ticket was not sold to me...but was to someone in Baltimore MD. Single winner.
Ratchet and clank, jack and dexter, kingdom hearts, that's it enough said sir
Cousin Curtis! What a catch!
12:30 eh...I'm glad I'll in NOLA...I turn into a pumpkin at midnight! lol
You can find lots of suggestions online - find other like minds & create guidelines - then commit to meet. Good luck!
See, I was with you on the Loe thing, but now here I have no idea what you're trying to say.
we may be twins. i like their site. will be a regular visitor. do they have a twitter handle?
i really hope i be with this week man
Going to dallas for the tournament. I plan on doing work!
oh yeah, buck. He's a lady killer that one...
If all you tweet/post about is your event, ppl will be annoyed. More than even once or 2x/day is too much. Thus, your network
DID YOU KNOW?! "75% of people wash from top to bottom in the shower." be the other 25%! YOU'RE WELCOME!
I wanna be that greasy old man tatted up and pierced no going back for me. I'm in the perfect industry to look however I want.
I think I'm on your route.
Made it to ALA Midwinter. Going to my first session at 4pm. Ready for the exhibit @ 5:30 pm.
Thanks for coming out to the show yesterday. It's always having fun having magicians in the audience. See ya tomorrow.
ahah dont you hate when you write the wrong thing and sound all weird:b
thanks for the shout out. You are definitely #Winning!
They are like my nightmare. Literally. just TOO MUCH EGG.
Last minute "surprise" show @ Mr. Beery's tonight. :) the boys wanted 2 surprise me w/ a Bday show @ my fav place. Hope 2 see you all!!!
Anyone out there (or know someone who is) looking to buy or sell a home in Arlington, Northern VA, or DC? I'm your man.
irreverent freaks outdoing themselves 2K12
Listening to kick it off this morning at the
Easter is here no more cadbury easter commercial. bunner I liked the cat
S/o to my new co worker and my soon to be co worker
Literally feeling better than I have in weeks. And I have productivity to match!
You see the problem was that I actually thought I was being told the truth. I believed too hard.
I wonder if they'll make a facebook app?
Ch.9 specific deterrence is a sentencing goal that seeks to prevent an offender in engaging in repeat criminality.
Really you're not going to talk to me now?
idk. I complained to my mom and she said something is wrong with the heater
m wats for breakfast ;P
Well, we're about an hour away...
As always, Austerity didn't fail in Europe, Europe failed at austerity. Cognitive Dissonance FTW!
i might be able to get you the name of some. my mom works for them
Glad to follow but need more tweets from your brilliant ! Don't you agree?
Is there a reason why the video is private?
Besides drinking and eating too much?
my shoes have to be the same amount of tightness
#replace1wordinamoviewithgrind 'How to Grind Your Dragon"
im sorry :( i was in downtown plymouth and went to yogurt palooza instead..when do u work again?
I will see if I can get some up on the store just for you! :) ...and too!
Who the fuck blew up tweefer this weekend w over 20gs of #HappyBirthday? The one and only HAHAHA
: I'm the type that would share , massages or spa day's etc
The Geico lizard thing is the coolest nigga i know
We are back in a weather hold. SW OKC heavy rain, lots of thunder & lightning. Wind gusts picking up.
Stop by our Balboa Park location tonight our Individual Dulce De Leche Cheesecake! Served on special with Oatmeal Cookie Ice Cream!
Dan Mason is a saint. Love listening to him on our stations on Friday. Calm & collective on
i know it needs to come faster!!!!!
Good luck, coach!
can teach you become Your Own Instant Expert At Writing Master Pieces That Sell... And Convert Customers!
Clay Matthews has better hair than I do but its okay. The Claymaker is allowed.
#DanceAgain was good
take it easy baby!
Oh no! I can't imagine having it be that close to my homeland. I am upset enough with the distance I have.
Steaks on the grill tonight, baked tater and a salad
Look, I realize that "irregardless" is a word. But must it be?
cause I really want to kill myself my beautiful girl<3
"Good men don't need rules. Today is not a good day to find out why I have so many."
Braketology time! Hit us with your favorite upsets in the first round!
#Awake just got outrageously awesome!!!
you can smoke just don't blow it in the kids faces. Give em a chance!
Good morning masturbation
yes when they have the remote i hate when they do this but i love them
It's ok to carry a concealed weapon in Wisconsin bars. I wonder if those taking shots are more likely to take shots?
RT : Just signed up for in Vegas next week. Who's going?- see you there!
Hi Jeff it was so nice to meet you & your beautiful fiancé on NYE!!! happy new year :-)
how's your summer going?
my friend is a new chicago artist...would love if you took the time to check him out on reverbnation
Had a great morning
me too! It just happens to be whatever my gf tells me to do, is what I want to do. Same goes for her Mom.
great u gon b my singer?
Check out this video featuring the German MP44 machinegun!
Joe this meek mill mixtape like playing madden on all pro...
Wonder if it's possible to have a conversation on Twitter using *only* emoticons. No letters at all. Heck, the Egyptians did it years ago.
Getting ready for another Occupy march on banks and bridges today. Get to work early or go late. This all goes down around 8am.
I'm not an egg, really! RT : Great to see you at the SCAA. Love the new kettle, can't wait to try it out.
true MT don't have to wait until you get more "education" to change world. Doors open if you show up ready to learn by doing.
Another great tour in the books! Home for one day tomorrow then flying to Morocco on Monday!
Morty's Comedy Joint is the newest and swankiest comedy venue featuring performances by top comedic entertainers
We're out at Doc Salyers's house in Astoria for Bonhoeffer's End-Of-The-Year Party!
one week from today man, can't believe it
watch the Video i posted. Please
I'll wait even if that means I'll be up all night ;^) <3
With Ray Allen back from injury, who do you start at 2 guard? Him or Avery Bradley?
a shirt girl is a beautiful thing.
Captain America on blu ray
strong hold is weakening Military is on top of their game in fighting these militants. #24 dead over wk.end
it was a after work thing when I got off at 1115
ha! And I sent that BEFORE clicking through your link!
Oh o I'm feelin drunk lol
Screaming Females show. Yes yes yes!
Turn. Off. Updates... Or you could ask Charles Geschke to put a ring on it... I'll give you time to google. ;)
i did a while ago
We'll never eliminate human ignorance & stupidity. Just ignore them & associate with the ones with fully intact frontal lobes.
hey I take offense to that
There are good shops in walking distance & short drives. A lot happens near the Knoxville Conv Ctr.#IDODI Thanks
Did you have some time to meet up this week, maybe Thurs or Fri, so I can take that bike off your hands?
"I was that one kid that used to make my barbies have sex YEAH I WAS THAT KID" -tumblr post...................lol
Playing hangman with the kids
Email to sponsor a prize for the December #DRFestivus event.
Around Columbus we may see 1-3 inches of snow pile up between this afternoon and tomorrow.
The dancers are here! The dancers are here! Get ready! We've got dancers! Yay!
naw no stranger here
Laverne & Shirley on HUB! Heck yes!
The fuck I will ;-)
don't start making me feel bad :(
Please read the link on bio. It's amazing and so beautiful <3
it looks like a very nice place to relax!
The flag shall be flown at half-staff ... and on the day of death and the following day for a Member of Congress. 4 USC 7(m)
Hey remember me? Haha I miss talking to you! Well I hope all is well <3
Feels good to be chilling w. my boy Cris Again .
if i get vip tomorrow holy fuck i swear i'll be the happiest girl alive. i'll cry of happiness
Thank you Sylvie for getting such great seats for us three Amigos. Looking forward to it!
On behalf of Walmart shoppers everywhere: THANK YOU
Snowden Becker. Spot on.
Responded to FIRE @ 54 North Conger Ave., Congers, NY 10920. Red Cross auto update.
I'm a little geek. Stoked. Able to watch dancing on #ovation -
cant wait to see you and my boys doe :*
“: whassup gorgeous<U+E402>” hey there cutie pie..what's up :)
Sounds like we will be bringing flipbooks to a fundraiser for Ronald McDonald House, and the #Packers will be there. Awesome!
Havent been to our store in Mequon? Its a gorgeous day to venture out & see our fabulous lines! Newest additions? Kevyn Aucoin & Philosophy!
Yep, I think that's the way it works. Pandora is that way. Oh well...
JPC 2011 finals rematch time! Been promoting that match for 7 months. They'll deliver the goods!
Come on 6 o'clock!!!!
Iced balls, people. That's the quote of the week.
best text I will get today "Thanks! $10 charged to your phone bill" #joy #BertsBigAdventure Thanks for the autographed pic.
everyone follow sev_believers
lol word on the street... Y'all be wild'n
CCPR has gained +37% since my initial alert, sign up to my alerts ASAP so you don't miss my next one
Will you follow me??? :D
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 14
Someone from Kalispell, MT is pretty anxious for the upcoming video. Check the sight in the morning ;)
Little black box
march for me as well. I wanted to go so bad.. ;/. Guess I'll do my own march @ work
Universal Sues Over 'Battleship' Knockoff
I find I mind it less in others if promotion isn't *all* the person in question ever does/says
Just because these rules get broken frequently doesn't make them new though...
Finishing up outline on “Migrating the Domestic Trust Offshore” for the October Southpac Institute - www.southpacinstitute.com/seminar.html.
9 hole at Sail Ho Golf Club off Rosecrans. Its relaxed & a pretty easy course but my score was still so bad I lost track haha
john can down pizza in like two seconds....hes a monster
Bahahaha damn son!!!!
...The Phillies take 2 games from the fish getting them even closer to their 5th consecutive NL East Division Title.
Less stress and more rest.....ahh yeah! doggie heaven-as long as that cat doesn't come around!
Your busy, but thats what is going to turn you into a profesional and the more hard work the more success. :)
BTW isn't home. We aren't having twitter conversation from opposite sides of house. Tonight, anyway.
New #Wilco album! I like Dawned on Me and Standing O so far. Have to give it a few more listens today.
Huge cumshot with friend - /video/3957/Huge-cumshot-with-friend
my condolences to you and your fam:(
With the official launch of your site, are you in the need of space? If so, I'd love to grab coffee and discuss options. LMK!
Hope all is well. :)
sorry to ask but will you shout us out ? <3
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.
enjoy! Looks like a beautiful night for a game in
I am fused / just in case I blow out / I am glued / just in case I crack out
I heart movers
I do it every time!!
Please give us a call at 1-877-352-4945 or email us at
Its stoming like crazy here!
how's the Fam?
An 11:11 Experiment's Street Rock Musical THE PLAYGROUND is opening Met 11/11/11 FOLLOW US
For those in the Madtown area, WORT-FM 89.9 (Folk Anarchist) has a good Thanksgiving food show. M, Spam. (& lots of other good stuff!)
Lovely to know - we will be sure to stop by when we visit! :)
In Houston with team playtesting. They loved card game! Now playing online!!
It's business. It's business tiiimmmeee!
Happy hour until 6pm! $2 Hamms, $3 Blonde, $4 Furious and Young's Dbl Chocolate Stout. Great with the Kings burger
I'm really proud of
there you go!
No shop in Malaysia but we will be shipping decks around the world in a few days when we launch our online store.
Obviously Barack & Michelle Obama personally arranged Secret Service prostitutes in Colombia.
#Photoshoot in Hooner AL, #bow #bow #networking does pay off.....
You know what would be the greatest act of philanthropy? If Thomas Friedman cut it out with this third-party fantasy.
oh, a nap! Was it refreshing? A nap sounds good right now.
good work today buddy! #EOM #EmployeeOfTheMonth award up for grabs!
Whatever happened to jobs, jobs, jobs? Suddenly its gossip time about Obama's life....
bottle oozing sauce everywhere. More drama on a Sunday than I had anticipated.
: Bahaha!!!!! You already gave up a Dew.
Thanks Mari! They are really a blast, did the Colorado Relay last year #Tons of
im in love with you! cant you see that?
Back pain ugh. Going to try out vibram five fingers. They sure do look funny though . . .
If you take away our contraceptives, some of you aren't going to get laid nearly as often as you'd like.
New definition for Werid= GRAND
dude! we're on myspace, facebook and youtube now. we're easy to find. come check out the tunes on myspace and the videos on youtube. thanks.
What does that have to do with anyhting!? haha random
Hatin DC Metro..
I am so there! Heather are you already here in austin? also gets in tonite!
Love you too :) RT : Happy National Siblings Day i love you <U+2282>((·<U+22A5>·))<U+2283>
I'm down
alright for serious looking to leave #BofA. what are my local options? DC/MD convenient....
RT : "Make it engaging, make it social, make it count!" To become social biz: twitter enabled sale via engagement >fb...
Question 17 of 29 and it's almost midnight. Fuck
Dunno if he invented bromance but he revolutionized it.
new in #kohails 3.4: easily see guarantee's checkouts and circulation from parent/guardian's patron record
Packin my room up feel like a forever process -___-
aw thanks! :) I'm so glad we met up! Hopefully I'll see you again soon!
Drexel Comes Up Short in Championship Loss Against VCU
I had that same thought.
If you sail far enough from shore there is sunshine ~
one question hows does that happen?????
wish i could--headed to my sister's basement to do some cleaning
I'd totally have sex in the Oval Office w/Angela Merkel. Just to say I did.
lol I know get on more.
hey, charlie and the chocolate factory is on.
Hello cruel mornin after a good night ...
you must be so happy now huh ?
Check out Flea! Become a Fan!
All I want is to watch #masterpiece for the rest of my life
I wish it was Friday cause today would of been a good day to end the week.
no wonder you are cold!! Silly girl
The #Caps just scored. This series has been so back-and-forth. Let's go Rangers!!!
WE WOO
Prepping for solo show, Bodies of Work: Figurative Paintings of Travis S. Little. Opens Aug. 5. Should be provocative!
time to get your shop on!!! and stop flying
Rent reharsal. Way to early for me
Just finished one of my gym sessions now going to class than gonna get something to eat than hit it again !
Cheers & enjoy! RT : am now craving some after reading your reviews--time to go shopping!
We admire your genius&your innovative ideas.We feel that common sense stands behind creativity&evolution.We based our...
"You want to go where people know, People are all the same; You want to go where everybody knows your name." Love ya,
your vision and passion won't go unnoticed. Its too valuable, keep chippin away!
I love you!!!
no problem
I think I'm in love with a ginger <3 and yes, I know they don't have souls!
cookies and bread actually. Are there different shipping tips for each?
Marsha Blackburn done got told. Nice work Barney Frank. This Week with George S, eggs and coffee=perfect Sunday morn.
Getting drunk by myself.
the internet is so much faster when im drunk, sailor jerry, i salute you, anchors aweigh my friend.
Gop All vote | only know lock-step. They follow | #Wiunion is united and not just in name to #DEFEATWALKER #Wisconsin #Democratic Spring!
Enjoying the hood today
Bought a ticket for my first Lollapalooza this morning. Bring on August!. . And
and from Rare Pop Records will be finishing the music for the update to the video game Pie Collect tomorrow.
My boyfriend is performing with the hip New Villager at the New Museum Wednesday (tomorrow) night, come get freaky with me!!
guys I think you simply have the best movie site on the net. Thanks for all your hard work
ahaha bet you feel dumb ! : )
it was so much fun! Thanks for inviting me!
I had so much fun last night watching you perform at Six Flags. You really rocked Texas last night haha. =)
I love using aloe. On my hair, body, and even internally. RT : Never heard of that! Aloe Vera is great!
2012 Resolution #10: Recognize and overcome you own cognitive bias.
Chris dumb af though
Memphis has come too far to stop now! I'm at a loss for words. Unbelievable!
Sweep on the road at a very tough building.Badgers celebrating to a little Billy Joel....seriously?oh well we won.
WHAT?!?!? touring together! when do you guys play LA???
YUP! THAT long.
This is going to sound corny, or whatever you want to categorize it as, but my honest goal, is to help someone, to make them truly HAPPY.
you totes can!!
yeah.. I've really been getting into more photography lately, I'll have to show you some of my work when I get it uploaded.
Off your usual beat and path...good for you! Answer: No, it is up to them, historically justice hasn't been in victims favor.
hey dope...THHHHHEEE YANKEES WIN How's that manager search goin?
#YouShouldNeverTrust people who don't drink. Its 100% true.
I hate when you check to see how many people are following you and you notice you lost a person. I'm Obsessed with it and I'm not sure why.
Backstage passes?!
getting there, slowly but surely lol. Happy new year btw! it was nice seeing you at bb
thanks for the supper shout.
I lived in DC area 10yrs before moving here. Never got stuck at a RxR once. Govt can work, its not now. Why not?
what up curbed! Any upcoming events coming up we can help out with?
it's all good! I'm happy with my tickets I have :)
#MoreThanThisPremiere I'm ready.. FRIDAY GET HERE SON<3
I got a mole for a pet!
I work with EAS sports nutrition and have an event/interview oppt. with a NFL athlete this Wed. (3/9) Pls DM for details.
RT and Follow Back If You Love Your Fans!! i Will Always Support You Till The End!! #Belieber Forever xoxo #NeverSayNever 1
Nice! RT : Stressed & tired yesterday, until I took my kids to the park, set them loose, & just chatted w/ a friend.
Either way, "many other unbelievably exciting duties as assigned," amirite?
gonna go gargle some saline. i cant fucking take it anymore.
all the Adults in my timeline, you're never too young to have your affairs in order in case the worst happens.. The drama if you don't ....
I blogged about the food truck legislation today and would love to update with some local reaction to the news.
gorgeous as always.
Last rehersal is tomorrow #eek!
Good morning you are one of my favorite singers
Are you sure it's produced by Brave Ent?
Finished the home show....
#CabinInTheWoods was the best horror movie I've seen in years!
Thank you internet. Because of you, I was able to hear about a sold-out Ted Leo show and get a ticket within an hour. Then tweet about it.
+1 now if only you could get the bash people to adopt %q and %Q WHICH IT SO OBVIOUSLY NEEDS
It's 1 game but I still think it's going 7... I been doing games in CT, NH & RI... Last w/e I was at Madison this w/e back in CT
it's breaktime then...
Need a Skype date.
Barton needs a few months ban as well as a huge fine.
call me any time!
That means so much to me, thank you!!
im not moving mi amor. Im going there for 4 days . Yo ass better come this summer to see me >:( lol
b/c they just want attention...
Through the good and the bad
aww Jordy! How lovely are you! Don't party too hard and don't keep her out too late! We have work to do tomorrow!!
he knows his stuff that's for sure! I'm sure everyone will have a new appreciation for Waste Water Treatment when he finishes.
andas de sensual
Are you getting tix to Nabucco? and I are going!
take it easy smashlee
It is a terrible thing to see and have no vision
that it's so open to interpretation makes it an ideal Enda Walsh moment.
We need some livelier music in here...
why am i goin thru this right now
but the concert is in 4 days? is that enogh time for the meet and greet pass to ship??
Q: When is a bad time to cross a black cat?A: When you are a mouse!
<what is nyour already following him???
#FF OK ZOMBIE LOVERS! CHECK OUT THIS SITE AND SUPPORT A TOTALY FAN FUNDED FILM! IS WORKING SO HARD!!
“The key to the family culture is how you treat the child that tests you the most
But did you remember Uncle Eddie's Vegan Trail Mix Cookies? Out-of-this-world deliciousness!
Big thanks to the Silver sponsors of #CompCloud: , , , and
Grown man taking a leak at a bus stop in Kirkland. Wow...lol.
lol oh my. That's crazy!
Gausol can't hit no 3"s
View yourself each new day with pride in knowing you are unique, & peace in knowing that you don’t need to be someone you’re not.
“: BREAKING- ALL Runways at Sea-Tac Airport are shut down because of ice. Expect more cancellations and delays today.” uh oh
I cant find my psp... I cant find my gameboy... And the saddest thing of all is... I cant find my DS....
If y'all haven't heard Too Close by Alex Clare you should listen to it. It's perf.
Lovin how i procrastinated my way all the way to 3rd hour. :P
Anybody wanna add me on facebook? W.facebook.com/keri.salazar
In fairness, after the 2nd rebooking Delta bumped me to 1st class for my last leg. But now there's another delay. 3rd rebooking is charm?
I have the 3GS now & loved it, I'm planning on getting the 4 or 4S soon, for all of the updates, you need the 3GS at least
Copeland's Eat, Sleep, Repeat album is gold. Enough said
ok so where are my fans tonight?
man!!! That's terrible!! :( do you know if he's in a hospital in town here
I no right hehe its so cute x
I'm inbox u my number
Getting back all of my grades for the semester. I am feeling like a champion! <3
Apparently Jered Weaver is 6 outs away from a no-hitter.
The reaping scene. Hands down. Second favorite: Welcome, welcome! The time has come...
Fuck this rain, smoke more weed it wil pass
I miss being in New York and going to Strawberry Fields on this day. There are places I'll remember all my life...
Fun day at the office! is using #gak to clean the copier and it's actually working!
okay so TWO people. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> lololol. but it's not a lot. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
if you have more questions, DM us your email address.
i love going to the #StripClub on weekdays,because the girls settle for less=me getting laid for $68 and 3lines of blow
This weeks winner is....
Don't miss the boat! If you missed out on the low rates in Oct/Nov now is your chance to get back on board. The 30 YR Best Exec 4.125 0 Pts
I think with be like Jerry the King Lawler. Like he could suit up for a random match
"were"? I want a soap/heelie hybrid shoe that looks like an airwalk.
Thankful for this perfect day. Sunshine and butterflies -- thank you, Lord.
Hopefully this gains support
DAT BLACK OPS 2 TRAILER!!!! So awesome, I'm game you guys are the best!
Don't eat the vegetation.
#desrist day 1. Evaluating design science research.
This has to be a new low for the JS. With everything else happening in politics, they focus on this?
In the process of building my first blog site for the photo biz. Be looking out for when it gets launched!
RT - Sports History for June 27, 1939 - Cleveland Municipal Stadium hosted its first night game. The Indians beat th...
I think I'm losseing my bestfriend I never thought this would happen <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Antioch officials investigate possible carbon monoxide poisoning at middle school
I now have two very happy reptiles in my apartment. though I'm not sure how this damn gecko is still alive.
If feel good to be chilling with my mother,little sister,and darcia for my my birthday...... Thanks everybody for da happy birthday
#webutterthebreadwithbutter clever band name. Sarcastic of course. Deathcore bands still struggling to impress me with band names.
Blazers draft day was good, I think. Does anyone really know? Felton played with Wallace. The trade sounds good! Miss Dre
Very cool. Wildwood has some awesome stuff!
Totally understand. We'll continue to evolve and give more flexibility to our users. Happy to hear you enjoy the site!
What does being pro-life have to do with being anti people who are pro-gay. Gays rarely abort.
One of our members being serenaded at NACA
I am your 20th follower on instagram!!!!:)
Well Direct Message me it? ;) its okay I won't tell nobody .
#40dollars keeps the heat on!
Not good...Brewers GM says: The Brewers and Zack Greinke’s agent have mutually agreed to suspend talks about a contract extension
it made me sad.
w/ only a late game on the NBA playoff ledger, I'm playing NBA2K 12 trying 2 win it w/ the Bulls. Cyber Derrick Rose is in perfect health
did u take any pictures of me doing Jimmie's makeup at the its ok video shoot?? Looking to add stuff to my profile..... :)
At Alamo Drafthouse S. Lamar and there is a newly wed couple here....like in a wedding dress and all!!!
Awesome! Thanks for letting me know!
no one is too old to dream
About to go see my fav; yah
My iPhone autocorrected "wish you were here" to "wish you were beer" and I sent it anyways.
“: I was sick Bro smut bitch broke my heart lol” that's how it be bro
Believe you can and you’re halfway there.
honestly lol I was hoping to be in my bed tonight lol but that def didn't happen
you would be on the cover if I published montwoods yearbook :) lol
Beautiful day in Nashville!!
Have u heard of Bradley Manning ? Look him up b4 pontificating ;) Re:Acha, really? Without charges & trial?...
Finally got my <U+E210><U+E21D><U+E225><U+E225> followers
New parent romance: tagging in for dawn baby patrol so the other can sleep.
Biprinting as the next breakthrough in life sciences - Andras Forgacs, Modern Meadow
your welcome man. keep doing your thing.
despite current press, hard to see #Amendment1 affecting who gets NC in Nov
Attrition in Reed Smith's CA offices. Recruiter Sabina Lippman: some 2-yr offers RS made to partners have expired. More in Friday's DJ.
6 tests on Saturday and a bike ride on Sunday. Or shooting range. Depends on how Saturday goes lol
1945, the city.
I can't do it! I was supposed to be in Green Bay for NFC Championship just too painful!!
Yeagh, its a trade off. We sacrifice our privacy for information
I'm at my boos house :(
Happy birthday !
My younger daughter gave me a framed poster of a typewriter with the words "Type or Die!" printed on it..so coffee break over, back to work.
that was for all of you!
I just want to go to a place where everyone is kind and lovely for me. To a place where everyone know that I'm exist.
miss you missy. hope you're still living loud
okay so what's district 69, 8 or all those
#BLAZERS 107 NUGGETS 106 - GO BLAZERS!!
just booked studio time....new wintery, short album is on the way!
dude you should drink it sometime, it's pretty good
Celebrating Hustles birthday at club Klusos!
hahaha. it's good without qualification!
a sausage is actually made up of several tiny animals
Wait for the person that makes you feel beautiful just by looking at you.
I've always been curious. What that taste like?
An enjoyable #bostonian morning with coffee and breakfast take out from #Brighton Cafe.. Not bad for what it was,
I tell you what, there is nothing wrong with some good, old-fashioned American Chinese food.
There's a grape energy flavor? I love the wild strawberry energy - still need the caffeine!
YOU TOO!?
i think the drivers are just as pissed off to be on the mbta as we are
Thursday @ the Wedge check out Duvall. Friday is 11 n 2 and on Saturday it's Strange Montgomery w Mug Wump Soul. Boulder South Wedge. C YA.
Now I know why I have such a headache, so much drama on the bachelor..
I jumped the gun and did it when I woke up this morning. You are welcome to come over and knockout a workout though.
I am just hanging out getting ready to go into Berklee to teach the 5 week program. It has been a blast so far! Only 2 weeks left!
I'm watching
I hate when I try to message/text/call you & you just ignore me):
I'm thinking about rinsing my hair blonde but idk cuz my hair has gotten so long.
you got a twitter!!!
I will make sure to do that. Preciate ya
File conversion website. Sounds too nerdy to be mind blowing? Flowers kind of freaked me out by showing me www.zamzar.com
New twitter name is Warrenlee4jax I will stay involved
had a fest today. danced the day away with my niece Jordan to every Nicki song on my IPOD
#WeWereCoolUntil we got arrested.
A kiss c;
well now we waiting on to tell us when the other album for coming out this spring RP can't wait!!!!
Extremely jittery with no cigerettes
agreed. I also think we are already information/skills guides/brokers. Maybe my expectations are unreasonably high?
We got our exterior location for the Detectives shoot. 1 down 2 to go.
RT : Phil Taylor's off-season torn pectoral muscle just strengthens my belief that life has a bounty system against The Browns.
Congrats to Deanna de Gonzalez (#fb submission) to winning Friday the $13 off ticket!
should do another Skype contest soon! I forgot that yesterday was the end of the contest and I forgot to enter:'( I starte ...
Ughh my parents are annoying me so much right now.....they need to go away for a couple weeks...PLEASE
curators say "wow" to direct conversation with audience online. they might feel "hidden" behind publications and educators.
lindsay quit lollygagging
May her first steps be towards !!!!
I called you one day but no one answered & my phone lost service in this state
haha! Parent points for you...
The Weeknd about to remaster his joints before A$AP Rocky... sense this does not make
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it. Confucius
I could take a photo, but I'd rather paint a picture.
You can change the location by clicking on the gear (top left) while on the Popular tab. Type in Phoenix and you'll be good to go!
That's still an early end to the year. wow.
Thanks to you gents for a great Friday night !
Good morning tweeps
Upward Motion's Bridget Wilding is leaving for England in a few hours! She will return on 01/09/2012. Join me in wishing her a safe trip!
Lol... DAMN!!!! Evrybody I follow got somethiin say... W.O.R.D. UP to all ma twepeoples.. lol
GOOD! Friday.
no he's a grumpy old man now. No fun. No adventure. No heart
<U+2665><U+2665>Fight for your love. If you don't, it'll be gone quicker than you blink. Happy New Years everybody<U+2665><U+2665>
same here!
ahahah. (: that'd be the coolest thing EVER.
"I don't twist myself in a box" to conform to expectations.Write letter & explain article & explain implemented revisions.
I have Fri, Jan. 13 open for a private concert anywhere in No. UT. Email me: if you're interested!
McDonald's vs. Burger King. Subway vs. Jimmy Johns
Pls turn off the auto DMs that are disguised as personal notes? Either send a link (like I do) or don't
": This plane has a propeller!!! She don't like that!"t awww hell
great, thanks!
I understand those things, but they're not blanket excuses. Not enough was done to get pitching, clearly. It can be done, too.
holy shit, you piss me off.
2 lbs of business cards just arrived in mail. Will last me 200 years or so. Will pretend that I'm always handing out my last one.
To err is human, to forgive is infrequent.
Already creating my weekend playlist. Too soon?
"Dad, who's winning, the Giants or the Banana Peels?" -Presley, talking about the Saints.
doing great and u
you in today?
It Took Me All Day To Find Some Inspiration !!
By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day. Robert Frost
Tonight we found it. The trophy of trick or treat bags everywhere. The elusive Full-sized Candy Bar.
awh :( well if you get bored text me!
hey, you're twitter account got hacked
yes for sure! You working weekends? We will have to plan something soon.
Wow….. can be any more full of herself?
IHC's will be on the scene at our DFW GR:SOV screening with swag. I hope you've been working on your Nic Cage impression! ;)
I wish I could individually teach everyone on the planet how to drive. There would never be any accidents
Culver is closed today. All workouts are cancelled. Check out the schedule at swim.net & join a workout at another pool.
naw im in Spain now bro RT what part of Africa u in now???
Lets go eagles!!!!!
I have your last name as my middle(: Follow me<3
For once in my life I want someone to actually be afraid to lose me.
my school Mississippi State had Kentucky down by over 15 in a game this year and didn't get in the tourney
Hey! I'm MLDB from Animal Jam. I just changed my username to TheDogLover. I changed my user on here too for secret ;)
We really love our Santas! It's Christmas in May!
I did it can u help me thanks: D
...your sign was made out of mahogany? o.o *stabs your burnt sign with a knife*
I hope I win. That's the only way I can get tickets!
It's all in your head...
Yupp, I'm gonna marry Pauly d one dayy, ;)
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless GOD, My family, My friends, & music. <3
hahaha. NO, no. Just reSPONsible.
Hey #Seattle friends, I don't think you've posted enough pictures of your cats looking at #snow yet
okay will do<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
Join us on the dance floor at 8:15 for our free dance lessons with Jason! is looking for new dance partners! ;)
Bubba is doing what it takes to become Masters champ. It's all about saving par on front nine, going low in the back. We'll see.
I usually see at least one used, discarded condom when I walk around Netherwood Park. This morning, I saw three. That's good luck, right?
Thanks for the info!
IMLS head Susan Hildreth mentioned WebJunction and Project Compass
Apparently the theme for this year's Halloween costume is 'Awkward women wearing more make up than clothing'
Come & Support Rock Steady 2nite at the Out-Reach Benefit Concert from 7-9pm at Bethal Baptist Church. 855 Brotherton Rd Escondido, CA 92025
Florida is gonna be lucky to have you down there! Have fun!
Pliny the Elder~ The best plan is to profit by the folly of others.
I don't
k good night friend aand love u let me know when is best for me to come and speak with him.
yes, that would be best. We're not broadcasting in HD, yet, but we are live at 3p and 5p CT on BBC World every day.
thanks for the #FF! :) Enjoy your weekend!
Best thing ever .
Why is Ricky Martin lip synching on glee
like i said. dedicated gal. honored to follow you:)
Many thanks to Margot Carrington from for facilitating the first think tank at
So because of the woman in black success, hammer is making a jack the ripper and vampire release. I gotta say, I have faith they'll be good.
Dinner was wonderful! Tony I love you!! Now, back at the resort and time for dessert...m!:-)
I can't seem to find it! Can you explain more?
Kenny G! Jazz for tonight. Wanna learn how to play the saxophone. (Spark!)
umm no only my bf calls me that
Eternal truth RT : The best part about being married is not living with someone who's planning a wedding.
Thank you so much! We'll see you next time :)
After the verb “to love,” “to help” is the most beautiful verb in the world. -Bertha von Suttner
that was so crazy his helmet flew off. Go bears, for reals.
Thanks to those who joined us at the panel discussion last night--what a diverse set of speakers! Hope you had fun & got a lot out of it!
use this time to convince Ted to start tweeting ^_^
DITTO “: Happy Social Media Day. Thanks for the follow. Now, go have a root beer float since today is also Ice Cream Soda Day.”
deeper than the ocean ; future >
Spencer's lol
Sometimes I miss Milwaukee prices of things.
Thanks for the RT! :)
Magic Fountain EP by out on March 15th!
Thanks to Melissa Fossom for coming down to tape us for the new times "take cover" segment, look for it online next week.
Ok, Chad the one in TeamKhleo?
This month we celebrate former #ANC President Mahabane. The theme to remember Mahabane and his collective will be "All shall have equal...
6 more hours <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AB>
don't you worry your pretty little mind people throw rocks at things that shine
I need food
Well if you WERE talking to yourself, it would make #aladanceparty super awkward! Unless you're Billy Idol...
hope it came your way, it was a real beauty!!
So disrespectful RT I just saw an upside down packer flag on scrays im so pissed i hate you
On the upside, the inconsistency between Cmd & Ctrl key behavior on Linux vs. OSX means I'm learning new things. And botching simple tasks.
He's only 15! voice, Mixtape
This is a test Tweet from the Scapes app...please ignore! Soon, social networking will be integrated into Roundware which will be very cool!
then this is ok. But gee we cannot have a gay male doing same. After all we still think George Michael or Freddy Mercury
RT Drop in unemployment rate from 8.3% to 8.2% not statistically significant, if you know what I mean.
Gotta get ti that gym & sweat off that pulled pork my buddy Mike cooked up last night. Ground-breaking stuff, for real!
I wish I was :(
L<U+03B9>vin' young & wild & free
can you wish me a good day :D? it's 6:29 AM(austin mahone) ;D in germany :) i love your NEW song #SaySomethin <3 i'm so proud
search LinkedIn by updates for a quick view of who has moved
1,336 = Kobe Bryant led the NBA in FG attempts this season with 1,336, and also led the league in missed FG with 762.
so I can tweet in class? & did call you a hipster?
yeah why?
CHECK YO SELF
No question RT : Week 7 Thursday night Hawks away game???
that's crasi
WHERE ARE YOU? GET ON
I hope this is the last one for awhile. RIP Duck Dunn. :/
Fantastic new website up. Check it out! www.keku.com
Shumpert torn acl....classic. Good day for the Knicks
I think you'd like the conference I'm attending. You should check out the hashtag,
Official Jonas Hater<3
I don't support
Set out to write 15 pages, double spaced. Wrote 21 pages, single spaced.
Wouldn't it be great to get mail to the right place the first time? Advanced Mailing Svcs can help. Call us to learn more at 505-899-3104.
I am dissapoint
dare I say it....you def. Put me on to some GREAT food this weekend..! M M M!! That pizza sauce is a winner! Lol
#ItsAmazingHow time flies.
RT : Credentials like APR show you have dedication, passion, skills for your chosen profession beyond education, experience
"A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one."-George R. R. Martin/A Dance With Dragons
Jersey Shore is the most watched series telecast on MTV EVER!. 8.5 million went back to Seaside Heights last night to party with the Guidos.
You Never Know The Next Thing Might Just Be THE BEST THING <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Really glad I went, it was nice!
<--Hey Follow please!!(:
when do u register? I was thinking MW @ 3-4:15 in the fall...assuming I get the other classes at the times I want.
we're looking for a publicist. any recommendations?
What kind of dialogue do you want to have? The answer matters for your channel choice: Prof Warner
#confession He Kissed Me n We Are Only Friends Felt Good Though <3
your so annoying now.
um katelyn, you know that doctor my mom wants me to see that said it was in my head when I got sick. I have 2 go c him. Help!
Loco at Brunch with
love to check it out sometime!
Omg going to science class 5th period !!!!
awww you guys are gonna make me cry! :(... hatten i look so bad in that picture omg! hahaha
I'm prolly going to be hype tomorrow if I don't stop drinking all these energy drinks.
#POYi should rename Impact 2012 Arab Spring to section. 4 Images in one category. #POYi2012 CONGRATS
“: Buchman doesn't like purdue! Stel?” always find your true friends this time of the year. #wheresauburnhopes?
i hope all the mothers had a great HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!! :-)
westendorp: Wondering if has posted her #sla2010 Surrounding the Consumer presentation anywhere, would love to share with my team
It's not like u worked on it. So, shut up !
yeah I'm in DC; just got dinner with and
thank you for following. I remember applying there as an intern :)
Oh, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to believe.
Very glad to see that situation has changed and look forward to "The Dead."
Today was fun bro
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "This game is great. I'm addicted." by Jahkee
smoked out of the #grandduke today
well said! What hype are you creating for yourself today?
boring spanish, failing :/
The E-cigarette has some unlikely critics, is it for real or just smoke in mirrors? Bill Keller tells all tonight on FOX 9 at 9!
Ops! Forgot to include the date. That's Friday, April 15th. Come get an art inspired martini!
what happened tonight will never happen again..
R.I.P. Dick Clark. You were a class act.
any idea why BB crashes chrome for me fairly regularly? ads/flash, maybe? some days it works. others it crashes chrome every time.
RT We would love to see on your show!
Don't spend tomorrow's money today.
Two projects for us to complete. Promo album for www.fictitousmusic.com and ! Only one month left!
thanks! Me too!!
so how do you feel about our boys taking Tebow on as a #JET ?
RT : Save The Date --> April 17, 2010 | "Youth Inspiring Youth" Harlem Youth Gathering | Coalition to Save Harlem
Cole Adkins our strategic accounting analyst and consultant, has been working around the clock!
It's that one Twitter hitter ya quirky ducklings. How u doin? Gooders u silly rabbit? Tricks are for kids:)
oh yes I did -___-
you'll like. They're classic NY style and have been at it a while out there ;)
At least during your world tour next year, you'll be legal to drink in the states! :)
“: So glad I waited till official release date to listen to Take Care, and soo happy I actually bought it (y)”
The nike's on my feet, makes my cypher complete!
Hey Dan set me up a twitter lol I'm tryin to get the hang of it.. can u give me a shoutout
Had a great time with you guys. Great food! The girls crashed! ...and we obviously need to start a company now
Any hotel recommendations for Victoria, BC?
Congrats to all of our graduates!!! Go out there and make us proud(er)!...
you can always count on Intel to have an awesome visual display at their booth
That's got to be a really cold room!
lmao yess at Sierra college party in those apt or dorms ? Lol I took the 1800 bottle threw up all of Ryan laundry ??
What would begin to happen if we actively nurtured the relationships between the people in our lives? Stage 3 to Stage 4
Someone is playing the kill bill whistle throughout the building. I'm pretty sure shit is about to go down.
Turtle butts are so cute!
"we have 17 minutes."
#dancemommiami cant wait for the new one
I sent you some basic info on it.
lol A Duh, Again!
try coffee orero, so good!
“Your brand’s power lies in dominance. It is better to have 50% of one market, instead of 10% of five markets”. – Al Ries
you know
Darn it, wish I'd caught & podcast twitting-while-filming at Grand Central on Saturday. Oh, you're welcome for the broken arm.
I hope the "Hick Party" you are referring to on 10/3 is the wedding I invited you to. lol.
Embedded in history is the word 'story'. That word is the backbone of human experience and posterity. Real talk to the field.
Mom, I love you!
Never such a great homecoming...
Can u just stop. Thanks
One week until election day! If you want to do some phone banking for your favorite Senator send us an email!
is he very tall?
is at Olympus Group this morning!
Is headed to Navy Pier for a confrence today. I feel like such a grown up!
San Juan. Your weather sucks! Raining all weekend!
Prof: I grade discussion forums easily so that students feel free to put out absurd ideas, & then figure out why they're absurd.
Good call. Also, have a good flight!
Super excited about TAH teachers in the OVEC Region "tweeting" with Angela Cunningham and
I dont care what anyone says. Yes I do have like 5 guy bestfriends. No I dont care cause they are always there<33
Wait did 's album get leaked #glamberts? I am going to contain myself till next week. Adam tweeted about people listening to it.
Watch on idol
Aww you met him!U both look great!:]
Haha - Nice. Drives me crazy. Just set up utilities with The People's Gas of Illinoise.
is Carlos on twitter too?
well i didnt try out cuz the girls that bully me was gonna be the judges
Excellent! I think it will be great :-)
Watch the opening rounds of March Madness at SSC in the Arena! We have flat screens and lots of room to you won't miss one game!
Plenty of money coming into US Treasury to pay debt AND Soc. Sec. AND Medicare even if debt limit not increased. adultwellness
You're too kind! Thanks I just gotta focus and I can get it done! I have to gather all my sources...school work. Gross!
#RT if u a lady and #OnTop of your shit!!!
You get the hook if you don't agree w Francesa. Not a balanced show. His way or no way.
yea they are awesome, 1 of the things I wanna do after getting in US is meet them
woof. Well then I'll just tell you how incredibly sexy you are. And if I run into you this summer. I'm buying you a drink.
Running tip of the day: Use Vaseline or BodyGlide wherever things rub. They will help prevent blisters and chafing!
I busted my lip kissing my momma.
Hey, thanks! I'm from STL. And I speak about decision making/consumer choice. Maybe we should know each other.
Hey YOU: like football & have an xbox? Go to to get Madden 2012 for $39.99!
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG! Mel! #HeartAttack you're very Lucky Sister ;'D
LOL. Don't worry, you'll get your wish!
Heres to you heres to me the best of friends we'll always be but if we are to disagree to hell with you and heres to me.
Royals get 2 walks, 4 hits and an error to work with and only manage 3 runs. I don't like it, but I'll take it.
OH MY GOD!!!! JUSTIN POSTED A VIDEO ON VIDDY AND HE WAS DOING A PHOTOSHOOT SHIRTLESS AND YOU CAN SEE HIS MUSCLES!! I'M DYING HE IS SO SEXY
Creamers are my life.
The Hawks got a shot to win against BOS. It depends on the health of the BOS roster. ATL also needs a strong inside game.
Hoping the cats get the W tonight so Lexington can go crazy
Oh no! Been too silent! That's what happens when you're working very hard on some cool new projects. Stay tuned!
Thanks for the RT's!
"That place is so good! RT: : Jonah's Fish & Grits in Thomasville!"
True about syndication. My concern isn't his financial picture but that he would handle the transition emotionally well :)
Didn't know the Queen had such a fab badass period in the 60s.
damn what a hell of a breakfast
Finaly got a phone again
Oh Los Angeles....
RT : To the people who don't think a perfect game in the MLB is news, you can suck it >> Good thing it's in my show!
Yay! that song makes us happy too. RT I'm loving your song 'Midnight', it's very catchy!! :)
so, i'm in duluth for a month doing a media project i made up. does anybody out there know anybody up in duluth i ought to reach out to?
Again, stupid public opinion stands in the way for a cure for parkinson's... i really am beginning to dislike republicans...
thanks for coming Elizabeth! It was great to meet you!
Let it go. Do your thing. Be bigger. Be strong.
Catch my mixes tonight 10-11pm on 1035 KISS FM Chicago! I'm also spinning at beckett's on Lincoln ave!
JB and Yellow ??? ??? What is that about?
what I'm going to do is start teaching classes using the software I build - no better way than that!
nothing inparticular... just life lessons hahah
Six hour naps are not good for actually being able to sleep at night...
Brewster - do you know if the CBS story was broadcast yet? So I can be a star?
needs to bring and with him to
where yu get yours?
great article today! check out a NY based start up that is going to soon shed light on letters from our past
Boston Beer Party. Also a big fan of another guy in my leagues name: FlatBrimCrushedAnkle
great work tonight! Bring it in Philly!
did this nigga just say can't be walking by looking all cute and not speak boy please
idk u either
We can't hang our heads in shame over a bad game. Let's put our chins up for a great season.
if Romney really wanted to fix the economy. He wouldn't have so many damm kids
Don't think that'll be Peter's problem...
#AskJerry What were some of your best pickup lines when you were younger?
i cant tomorrow cause im going to my cousins house til idk what time but its gonna be late
get over it. If unc hadn't given up they would have got one more shot anyways
jealous. both of the Braun / Rodgers appearance and the sushi :)
GIS extensions forum is ready to run, we are waiting for you to see what is going on the discussions forum.
And we're known as...
Thanks for the conversation and showing me around NYC and !
agree. I like the quiet guys that just get shit done. It's all about executing… but hey you know that
Great! It's #Friday! How'd your week go?
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
I can't wait till this week is over!
No problem :) !! Glad I could shock you. Haha
Tom #DeLay found guilty by a Texas jury. Sometimes the system works.
well what do you think about the book?
JR Smith...dayum.
it took an hour only to find out the sale didn't go through
*Sitting next to my friend quietly* me- 'You got tan' her- 'WOW! I didn't see you there me- 'I said hi to you 5 minutes ago' her- 'oh. Haha'
Agreed! RT : Not a bit, a lot - Chris was greatly missed!
I don't think I have time next semester. Maybe fall.
The piano has been drinking...
Okc is thrashing LA
Our condolences to those who were affected by the #tsunami in Japan
Sure am! .xx
Lot's of people ran up stairs today
There's still space available for our beautiful 3-course #Thanksgiving dinner! Call to reserve: 305.673.1312.
Poor thing.
I am ok... Just sore but I should be fine.
My thoughts exactly “: Current newsroom discussion: what's the worst thing that you can punch?"
could. Lots of options. Simple operation to get up and running and support home base. Too easy not to.
Better start buying more gold & silver!
Lord I hope that lady was telling the truth
Is there a way to be notified when a particular theater signs up with you? I'll join the day you get Landmark in Baltimore.
I wish I were in Austin, eating breakfast tacos.
oh im also disabled & hispanic ... shows it is hard for disabled/minorities etc
Fresh Prince still that ish..
good advice, thanks
When do I claim my prize?Hopefully, soon enough to eat some loaded baked potatoes :)
"Some people care too much, I think it's called love" Winnie the Pooh
what you doing after graduation bro?
wondering if it is an unreasonable expectation that folks can keep prof and pers completely separate?
I'm not sure and no not yet, I'll tell you once it's confirmed! :)
Hey Dave! if www.newwebtalk.com or www.brianfirth.com are worthy of review tonight, I'd be interested :-)
RT : what if i tweeted my address and ruined gold soundz
RT : Hey fuckers :) just reminding you that you are all EXTREMELY sexy ;)
"We’ve extracted and blended pure essential essences that will heighten your senses to sensory ecstasy" Pulse Point Oils
I need all of my followers to follow my brotha Let's welcome him!
So nice to meet you at - Looking forward to staying in touch!
Such a beautiful day in New York City! Perfect for a nice cold alcoholic beverage. Any takers?
how many times did the M's score 15 runs in 2 games last year- once, twice?
i watch it everytime
Have a gig this weekend too! SO excited!! HOW are you???? Who needs us to vote for them...I'm confused!
Pretty steady lunch. Hopefully no traffic so I can hit the gym. Pretty excited
Look in your mirror! You've got it all...well maybe just a few sun spots. Is that a wrinkle on your brow? Skintastic.com 972-620-3223
my quiet response conveys my awe
i wasnt a moon rock on my wedding ring <U+E10D>
DANGEROUS. I WANT YOU TO SEND SWAT TEAMS IN WHERE THERE WILL BE NO LOSS ON OUR SIDE. THEY ARE WELL ARMED, STING. FIND ALL OF THEIR HIDING
“: Each day is a page write?”- feeling like I'm on the 3rd page of the 1st chapter of a 200 chapter novel...ugh haha
#WhatMeansTheWorldToYou ,School, My dad ,& My little bro.
Awesome. Joined a tiny startup. My counterpart and I have the same initials. wtf? :-)
. Go grrrl! And remember, I will help carry you through any doubts that arise - St. Bootstrapper
he has to have the same humor as me and like atleast 70% of the music I do!! Lol
Love THE FRENCH CONNECTION! Not so sure about FAST FIVE, though... Then again, is awesome, so...
Im sending Tashauna pages of text tryna describe someone lmaao.
"Every book is a new journey. I never felt I was an expert on a subject as I embarked on a project. "-David McCullough
Alligators, key lime pie, glass bottom boats, sunsets, stone crabs - these are all on my mind right now. Thank the lord it's warm in DC too.
Your welcome.
Finally found good bubble tea in Indy!!!
hahahha YOLO is a good enough reason! have fun in florida lovey!
After this chick zoomed by me on a longboard I'm considering learning to ride one. It takes like 15 min to walk to class
Sorry cuz, probably won't be there friday night. JQ is still contagious. : (
Awesome, Renee! I'm looking forward to it! :)
Once again sorry I missed ur call.i tried2call u back but you were offline. I promise 2 marrow:00 get online&ill call u<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
hope we do cross on the road. I'll be watching your schedule. Usually travel with #gayla graves band.
how do i make that stuff quit
That is incredibly creepy-cute!
anyway good afternoon guys
link for live blog?
Food truck gathering. 900 Wolfe st
Remember the reason for the season.
Visit the new Farmer's Market at Penn Station (Lanvale St) every Friday afternoon this summer!
Congratulations to SVA's Steve Heller (and others) who was honored by the White House at the 2011 National Design Awards:...
Check out the new T2 video clip at www.radiantrecords.com
Good Morning! A sculptor is a person who is interested in the shape of things, a poet in words, a musician by sounds. -Henry Moore
Oh. my. goodness. just tweeted me. My day has been made. =)
"Hit me with music..."
Electricity...God's curse on ugly peoplr
Watching the Season Finale of "Breaking Bad" on AMC. It's a guilty, but oh so good pleasure! Great Show!!!
DailyHookahTip#55: Smokers cough? Try steam stones instead of traditional shisha. It's the electronic cigarette of hookahs.
Study & Homework all day!!! THATS WHAT I DO... IF ya wondering!
Live show Thursday 7P @ espresso yourself cafe in Powell, Ohio. This amazing place is closing in September, so if you haven been yet...
what r the family names..mine r Sullivan, Clifford and Ahern
#RT “ I love a horny man”
I feel like all I do nowadays is work out and do homework
off to see Gods of Carnage with the visiting parents.
sick again :/
What kind of M&Ms?
Will be shooting a Commercial today!
Got to see Blue Like Jazz (film) couple weeks back .. truly enjoyed .. what will SXSW moviegoers think?? [ ]
Hi Joel -- trying to email you with an intro+Argo question. Could you kindly DM me your email address?
Feeling young again....counting M&M's in math class
Your skills are evident.
So does the library at the University of Memphis.
RT : RT : " When all the trees are gone, animals hunted, waters polluted, &air unsafe, only then will you see mo ...
Happy Easter ! May your ship come in on a well balanced golden egg...
A leader is a dealer in hope.
Thanks Steve! Next week's gonna be weird. Possibly in a few? Let's stay in touch!
Damn, Bryce Harper is a freaking stud. Kids only 19 doing big things in the show. He's got all 5 tools. Still not as good as tho
You might be a redneck if you actually know what kind of leaves make the best substitute for toilet paper
I sent him an email... Let's meet up...
excellent - conversation is more fun at top speed!
We would accomplish so much more if science didn't have to waste time proving you wrong about Loch Ness, crystal skulls, Bigfoot, and God.
well I'm at the house nigga
Track of the day : Oh I swear to you, I'll be here for you ...,,everything is groovy: drive by- train
When you are dealing with small issues and small minded people, you will never have BIG breakthroughs in life!
Ugh always some dumb new band every summer with the stupidest songs!!! Bo radio!!!
Or...quicker than driving through san francisco.
Barnes, Kobe(of course), Sessions, Murphy, Gasol, Bynum, Ebanks as of the KEY PLAYERS THAT MATTER TO ME.....
Let's get serious now.....are you down with OPP?
On my way to sonic<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thanks! RT #ff Some great live music supporters
No, but I'll work on him about it. He's on the forum now, though!
YES! Have the #jmu612 meetup at UMN! I endorse this message. :)
I can't believe this. Sarah this is Fake fucking life and now your turning my friend against me. You now what i don't need fl. Deleting.
Just emailed off book revisions. w00t!
Just realized how funny the word arnabeet is haha.
comedic geniuses no doubt.
really? Lol with who? Thts when mine is.
Watching lost tapes! Cant sleep theres alot of thunder i hate it! I wish he was here ):
I new it cuz on my grandaddy grave
Why do people have to be so difficult? ~ImAllOne~
omg thank you (:
ah phew ! So far all ive been hearing is negative comments about the seats there haha
THURSDAY IS SPAGHETTI AND MEATBALLS DAY for 5.99
#tweeted in rehearsal with
that's my plan lol
Omg there's this one customer that comes to our store an for some reason he reminds me of flash thompson. Americas favorite douche. Lol
Let them look at you weird! I think #genealogy is making a comeback, and you're ahead of the curve.
#ff Memorial Day Weekend
Facebook buying Instagram<<<
How funny! And I came up in conversation?
Another day at the office, another dollar in the pocket.
say bro
oh you will definitely know some people there. I will be terribly sad not to go: it's pretty great.
Coming to America
IF U ARE A DUDE THATS NOT IN HIS CHILD LIFE ITS NEVER TO LATE TO START.....
have to trick them then
Please welcome NeneeLanay22 to the Max life
"Leaders for equity must confront, disable, and dismantle, but they must also energize, inspire, and empower." -L. Chatmon
Right now... The hardest thing to do is be vocalist and be on vocal rest!!!
As fmr NC resident/voter, it was especially sad to hear NC news. Our work is not done. The freedom to marry will prevail.
Awesome! I know you are gonna love it! Thanks!
New song!
Looking for #Autism Services at Easter Seals Crossroads. Meeting your needs with help, hope and answers. For more information, visiti our...
All my reading group who've liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a movie
RT if you get #awesome :)
maybe the #titans can sign him to take the place on the bench that will be vacated by
Someone text me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B2>
Aw really what?
How many of you in SF would meet me at a Live Show in SF at Level I ? Let me know
LOL! this Bryan used to shoot you alls bts interviews. Hope you are well.
This international law firm is one of the top twenty law firms in the world.
where are you going?
Yeah and nobody got to see it.
It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas at Grapple HQ - we hope everyone has a wonderful holiday!
when was that??(:
Just got home
Nobu followed by Peter Luger. You'd better believe it. Tomorrow: haute cuisine Mac'N'Cheese.
Thanks for the #FF love!
yeah you gotta open tomorrow .
This weekend has been __________________.
yeah alright jack i dobnt know we were rebuilding this is the Yankee did you forget
We have a big surprise for you guys on February 1st - something to reward everyday heroes! Who wants to guess?
Did u ever notice that most pics of Adam & Eve show them with belly buttons?? Haha
Closing that store was a grave error.
Watch the thrown
Spread the word~ im following EVERYONE that tweets me #FollowMeRomo :)
Great new artists coming your way, keep reading guys
Can't wait to pick you up soon! We are all dying to see you. May I say fun fun fun???????
Dough Fir is the most thematically appropriate place for a band named Spirit Lake to play. Also, you guys look like badasses.
maybe Tressel hired as ethics professor?
I will never say never i will fight till forever <3 whenever you knock me down; i will not stay on the ground ; pick it up ; pick it up <3
Dayum Shannon Sharpe is killing it tonight....
To bad you're not around the block from me :(
What rich people say to poor people every day
#ifonlyicould meet Justin Bieber, my life would be complete
thanks! I've gotten bad headaches (sometimes migraines) since HS, usually power thru them. Not today! :)
... and, complain about your mothers whom you just adore anyway! ;-)
#SMWSportsBiz get glue
Chi! I'm live on ! Oh & not exactly sure why NASA did this, but it's one way to announce the New Angry Birds...
Getting ready to head out for Washington. Many details to prepare...we are very excited.
Thanks for the mention, we're thrilled to have Shauna here.
bout to rock the stage with Lupe Fiasco in Finland
thanks for following!!
That's so ignorant
piano or singing? i cant really decide atm... -.- hope i pass the auditionss =/
Words with friends is kind of evil.
Whats your favorite album of the year? Lets hear it!
Moving weight
LISTEN TO JACKIE LIVE ON 95.3FM TOMORROW MORNING AT 8:10AM!!
Bush Jr. is president!
MLB season is underway, very excited. Time to look at the schedules and get out to the ballpark! Which MLB stadium is your fav?
Yeah!! They've kept me updated throughout the process & from what I've seen - It's great :) Printed on Bella Jersey Tee.
Nice! My birthday is in September, in case you want to celebrate by proxy next year. Yum.
I could of told you that!
If you signed up for our webinar today on attendance and early education, don't forget to sign in early. There's an overflow crowd.
sorry, we're not doing anything with that screening.
milk& cereal. ceral& milk
Finished race. Somewhere around 2:08-2:10 why do I nearly go blind when I finish a 1/2? Sore. Need ice
Could today bee the day for Usher tix!??
Vocal? At the point now I only scream "#FRINGE !" 24 hours a day. Really, were it not for Twitter I could not communicate coherently.
“If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome."
im from cali but i live in las vegas
Take the train to avoid the traffic jams they say...haven't moved in over 20 mins. Not gonna make the opener this way
Beautiful day in #Portland! Looks like summer has finally arrived!
bad foul by Jennings since the shot was hard to make anyways
Yes I did...they turned a victory into a loss
I didnt skateboard in a minute fucking rusty
Conference # 4 out of 5 at AFM - Production / Brand Integration. Should be interesting - maybe.
I like Jim jones right or wrong he real and u gotta respect that
And risk getting suspended?
Nytimes youth issue, looking at outliers doesn't tell u anything...
i hate how frank does 'dun dun dun' after "wont leave me alone" in brownstone chorus...takes the edge off the song
Feeling some kinda way right now..:/
I guess this is all a learning process
Finally back in SA!! Ahh I missed it (:
Girls night with and ! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
ILL sounds super cool! are there chapters elsewhere? or is it strictly a PDX thing?
“: Going to attempt to paint my own nails tonight. See you in six hours. #vv #mc”
Please SHARE our link with your friends asking them to LIKE US! :) Once we get to 500 fans we are giving away a FREE PHOTOSHOOT!!! :)
#wtia Seattle startup panel: #andysack feels startup scene lacks New York pizza, or, just quit trying to be any other city.
When people sing out loud and they sound like shit but they think they are killin it!
my kids' baseball practice times
well i happen to love your tweets and how you show instead of tell. unlike someone
if PCIe vendors push a standard they can gain traction in the industry
Grown ass musicians don't need exposure. They need fair paying gigs.
of course I would love to help send me over the info.
worst feeling when the person you love is in love with somebody else
When I hear Waka Flocka "Karma" I just be wanting to fuck shit up lmao
The show tonight on U Street has been cancelled. We'll be back with new songs in June!
in November for a month. very complicated country, to say the least.
arepas in our personal kitchen but the flour is from acrethe street!
I say it's challenging. I realized too late that the scores were just from 2011. I was in the wrong mindset. Ha.
"You fell of the face of the earth" Nah I just decided to stop being apart of your lame life. Lol
haha no. I feel icky. Better than earlier tho.
I can tell it's going to be a busy week when I'm stressed out in my dreams.Running on coffee and a prayer.
has his own laptop now. Please accept my apologies in advance. (This message is approved by and )
thanks for the RT. Really enjoying your work. Regards from tornado country in US.
to sit still. Some of my frustration comes with him leaving his seat all the time while doing homework.
Book of Luke on audio :-)
The outdoors can be a clinical antidote for so many ills incl. obesity, depression.
Tweet us your best fish photo-we promise to RT you!
all of his songs have a great depth about them. I know its really random but I have listened to not alone the last 2 nights.
you heard it? Haha thanks man.
girl I know I get jealous easily.
Cranking away on my paper for submission to #ISIC2012...crossing my fingers this gets accepted (and done in time!)
Finally finished doing homework...
Sat and Sun my friend.
Who is the new republican candidate going to be?
shit I can't either. Ready for that shit.
Um, why is the whole Glee club singing backup to "It's Not Right?" Also, that's kind of a dick move, Blaine
Lol. Heavy leg workout yesterday. Then to top it off I folded myself into a regional jet and flew 1500 miles
I don't trust any planet closer to the sun than the earth. Mercury & Venus seem like traitors.
the sexiest way to die!
No discussion is too broad for Twitter. It is an exercise in brevity.
please wish me luck on my french exam.....the only french words i know are je t'aime....i'm screwed
Matt Gamel = ball player
I'm tired of being single.
:) We never finished that conversation either!
A huge shout out to Frank & Ken on their incredible work with ITV Fest! Congrats!
oh doggy
There should be #18MillionBeliebers on his 18th birthday<3
RT : yes plz! RT : Trader Joe's to Austin? Grocery analyst says six are possible in Whole Foods backyard:...
Some thirty something years later and I still can't believe Adrian gave it up on the first night.
you look good with dark hair! :))
had a great rehearsal with composer Tim Daoust!
Listening to performances of , , and Kevin Puts composition students including Sweet!
One more quick trip to Nashville...we are getting closer to having the album done!
i say omFG shut up ur so old harry wouldn't even go on a date witchu.
Good morning ;)
We didn't start the fire, it was always burning since the world's been turnin'
I do enjoy Photograph & Hit me with Your Best Shot, but I only remember 1 80s relationship that inspired #that reaction lol
follow back? :D
I'm drinking a horrible Sancerre that would give you fangs. Just in time for the full moon and to chase the buffalo trace
College Bounds students visiting ad agency as part of the Zenith Gives Back program. Great intro to a career in media
"surprised Eddie? I wouldn't be more surprised if I woke up tomorrow morning with my head sewn to the carpet than I am right now."
Whats up with duckin and dodging the Hammerhead in Louisville KY??
it was a top secret mission im sorry guys
Preciate that bro
I owe you one Russian hooker
Is it greek yogurt? Less sugar, lots of protein!
If you were going to be stuck on a deserted island which 5 books movies people and foods would you take along?
First thing I hear when leaving work? Seagulls chirping. That beach is calling my name.
ah man, i had to do that shit too yo, it sucked
Greeting to you!
Everyone plz follow
Lolxz.....and why up so early
hey ashley! We must think color theory. Red is complimentary to green. Do not wear red shadow though!:) try red based colors
exactly a bird in the hand is two in the fist. Not sure that applies but fuck it
Printing Photos, Designing Flyers, Editing!! Another busy week!!
Keep the joy of loving God in your heart and share this joy with all you meet especially your family.
Not too bad, hope you have a good week!
Would You Like To Come To Colorado If You Traveled???
Hollywood is only 6hr(s) and 7min(s) away!!!
Even that ridiculous final can't ruin mood cuz I'm done!!
Five. More. Days. Of. School. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
do they fall in love? No they just like like eachother.
Believe it or not we both want the samething but only one sex is brave enough to admit it.
Crave and hunger for #God. Daily Bread and Living Water.
Jobs, jobs, jobs, jobs!!! 1000's of vacant homes across America equal millions of jobs. I am doing it now. I am not using taxpayer $$$$$$$
#FACT evry yr people are playing #COD b4 its released ..I know u've seen high levels on the day of release
1: check your email. 2: start driving.
Hi! I work in the software space in the Bay Area and have a 9 yr old daughter who goes by "Juju". Any way to buy a Juju t-shirt?
There was never a kick pedal for a coffee maker
prepare for Twitter spam--I rant a LOT!!
its all me check out the pic i have n face shot to
I wish emily, going on vacation this coming Thursday and Friday, but if I have to, maybe tomorrow.
so best boyfriend in the world turned out to be the worst...when can get a friken break..i mean seriously this isnt fair...
I just got two pats on the back, one by self another by ... Way to go me
Online travel agents losing out to airline websites: Nikhil Ganju ...
God Forbid!!
I've just got my tickets for splendor in nottingham.... razorlight & dizzee rascal innit
Dallas news reports local families needing assistance getting food up are up 36% this year over last. Donations and volunteers needed.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
You'd look nice in a grave.
TONIGHT -- w/, & more at ! 6p. There are a few tickets left available at the box office!
It's real hard to tie me me down.
Just finished an 1000 piece puzzle. What a way to spend my Friday night.
A toast to the underdog, toast the team
Your heart> diamond ring
my mind is going 10000 miles an hour and i only wish i was one place right now.
“: And wtf jets. Bringing in Tebow now? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>” that made no sense to me...none at all...
Waiting out the rain with an extra glass of wine. Staying dry versus a bit slower tomorrow morning.
I feel bad for you tbh. :(
awe that's good!!
I'm trying to wrap my mind around a coworker's amazement at how a typewriter works. She had never seen one before this week! (DON'T say it!)
Got that HEAT!
Great start to the 2012 playoffs by the Bulls. Rose looks very good.
You have to have worked at Powells, have published things online for the Paris Review, and made at least $350 this month.
awesome, so are u back? Y'all have a blast?
I voted. Good luck!
“: Ok I'm gonna study now. *5 hours later* Ok I'm gonna study now.” this is you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Lol. I'm more of a new Yankee Stadium kinda guy. Can't beat plush seat backs and beer delivery service!
Always bet on black!
missin' basketball...need to get something done so I can watch my boy #drose tear it up again!
your never around him lol. He talks around sav and all of us haha
"There must be more to life than having everything." ~Maurice Sendak ~RIP You will be missed~
Uh huh
#Suicidal Thoughts today...I just may need to kill myself with a cheeseburger
Bad ass!
wait, did you mean THIS Monday?
Don't miss trivia this week on Wednesday @ 6:30 pm at the Blue Cue . This weeks bonus word is: "airplane". See you then!
God is amazing <3
thank you! I shall sleep well, unless my butt or tail starts itching again...goodnight & sweet dreams to you too! <3
Serenading is my specialty haha
some people dont have food to eat. and you are VOMITING UP FOOD THAT THEY COULD BE EATING. that is so ungrateful.
Is there a refresher course for parenting? I'm getting an F right now.
Thanks for the mention! Were you able to get over there last night? See you soon we hope!
Now we want to hear which female celebrity you think is the best groomed? Why?
Thanks Janet!
my bad Im late...tell that nigga he need call me and get his follow up single lls
STUDIO FLOW With And Shit About to Krazy!!!
#thankyoushootusdown I LOVE YOU GUYS <3333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
Snow Leopard is still available in the dev center
Yea that's it! Croquet!
Have a great weekend!
Sunday's at Redstar are great fundays!!! We can make help make yours fun too!
Hate no one; hate their vices, not themselves.
#Gootiethon week Day 3, already put that work in. 3 down 4 to go. #GootieGang Yes the #GootieGang is LOTUS insider. Feel abandoned.
so true. Each time he writes about mobile, I feel myself cringing more often than nodding in agreement.
. I love Ikea & have a number of frames from there, but this is one of the few times I want to get it properly done.
RT: boom bap effect tonight in shadow. calling all emcees! www.shadowlounge.net
I gotta friend who is staying with me,i am trying to help him,but he's not helping with anything at ALL!!! like this is a commune or somthin
spent too much money today
Anyone out there with fashion industry connections in LA/NYC willing to lend advice to a new designer with a rad line? Hit up !!
Talk about a great Saturday, playing some Sega Genesis and doing a rookie draft! Awesome!
pretty good man can't complain, got some flights for the company event tomorrow so just relaxing till then!!
Photos from last weekend go up today! And we have some fun new announcements!
Love the fact that the tango and the romance that inspires it is becoming popular again. Amazing show at Carlos Gardel's in Buenos Aires!
Today I was so tired that I tried to enter my employ ID# into the microwave to heat my coffee . Better skip closing night party
#iagree RT : It's a little gross that it's feb 1 and it's this warm outside
Awesome! Let's make it happen--how's your Saturday daytime look?
I can't wait till next week till we finally meet again lol It's been way too long!
Back from #vra_arlis2011 - great sessions and what may be the best food I've ever had at a conference. Prosciutto + fig jam = yum!
Ok, thanks! So excited for it!!
hasn't for me
must read THE HOUSE IN THE NIGHT and the printz winner JELLICOE ROAD. from what i read, i think i might like everything by Melina Marchetta
A weirdly fun day, everyone is so friendly!
Thanks David. We'd love to hear any further thoughts you may have about GiddyUp.
Happy St Patricks Day!
Last 10 years: Seed of MVC tournament champs: #2 seed won it 5 times, #1 seed won it 3 times, #3 seed twice #archmadness,
At the National Cathedral for Wesley Theological Seminaries graduation. Will Willimon is giving the commencement.
she tryna convince me that Chris bosh is homo
Magic of home renovation: I scribble a large number and signature on a 6x2" sheet of paper, and in 30 days a new kitchen appears.
Unlike you,I'm working hard to get a good career
Shawn Marion has the same shot I used to have in 4th grade...
Today was alright
Go White Sox!!! Looking forward to hitting up a few games this week.
Tough loss for the Heat, if we meet the bulls in the playoffs we'll do the same thing we did to them last year.
I am very excited for my fantasy baseball leagues to get going and not so hopeful for my real baseball team to play this season.
Great Progress on the #bizzydiet. Got a question. It says 30 minutes weights and 30 cardio but its more like 40 cardio&15weights
this whole exchange is solid gold comedy. Kate started it but I gotta say... The whole thing is just hilarious.
Call the fuckin ambulance . I can't fuckin breathe . My heart is beatin to fast . Open the fuckin window . Lmao Tyler too funy
I love the picture of the Ghostbusters icon giving the finger!
he should we should spam the picture to him saying that should be the cover
And I didnt see a single sign that said "Penis Landing." I'm disappointed in you, Philly.
I feel like selah is aged by a year whenever I see her too, I don't see that baby enough
yikes! what woke you up?
Feeling like crap, hope sleeping early works! Gnite world.
How's the weather in PR?
New networking coming, hybrids, where everyone can be connected, teachers need access to info in schools.
Obsessed with the game & app Draw Something.. So fun!!
Thanks for hosting--we appreciate the format and interesting perspectives!
Some people are so fucked up. I don't understand people.
If we stand any chance of claiming our championship in the game of life.
Watching major payne lol :D
Add my new skype I forgot my password to my other one. (dae_amore) Or ()
Thanks for following !
I firmly believe that respect is a lot more important, and a lot greater, than popularity. -Julius Erving
Two weeks left to catch Libros Schmibros at the Hammer! We're there Wednesday-Saturday, 11-7PM, through Saturday, November 5th.
Thought of u: "Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won't come in."
So proud! Have fun! RT : First #SportingKC game with and
"iseenittoo" we make a lovely vinaigrette
I won that award in 1990-something. Now I'm a prof at Baruch, CUNY. Award hangs in office! (PhD English, 2001)
Just bc im soft spoken doesnt mean i dont have leadership skills or authority
Just left the children's place and copped some gear for my little angles.
Was that loud thunder I just heard in #NYC?
you killed it! Very funny!!
Who Died and Made You Mike Aviles?
CONGRATULATIONS ON 1,000 FACEBOOK LIKES!!! :)
I HOPE we see the executive order before, but we may have no choice : A rumble you say?
Yes Katy Perrys song Part of me
Great celebration this morning as father & son baptized together! Don't live life with "I'd rather not!"
I owe all my last tweets to sorry...but I mean if you still wanna hit me up that's cool too...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> hahaha
This homeless guy who asked me for change has better running shoes than me.
“: What are you up too?” let me rephrase that "doing some photo shoots"
The foundation of intellectual as well as moral character is laid in the nursery. (1855)
moving tomorrow. followed this advice tonight. didn't receive a temporary RPP. please ensure I don't get a ticket 2morrow night.
i already did
On the wake up!!!! Get up early to enjoy your Friday!
I recommend JR Maintenance for your trashout services in OC an LA. Real estate REO
loving the cold the rain felt god
That's awesome. Your music has made my day more times than I can count.
have a good day tanner <333
Man, this song brings back memories...
The school seriously needs to fix their slow ass computers.
fuck u RT : everyone's taking ap exams tomorrow but i'll be chillin' watching lifetime movies on alcoholics in health class!!!!!
Stupid late on the twitter reply
Anyone know where I can find Bruce Dennan's epic Valbuena rant from a few years ago? It's off of YouTube
Okay, I gotta admit...the #education part of this second to last #Oprah episode is
Thank everyone for the #ff's and the twitter love over the last couple of weeks. It's been super crazy but i see you and am grateful!
Every time I see "C. Friedrich" I'm going to mistakenly think his first name is Cole, I can already tell.
I'm guessing the #Brewers won't care if it was a pretty win against the Cardinals. Just that it was a win.
Most quotable on Twitter at #SSAC: #1 Brian Burke () #2 Jeff Van Gundy () and #3 Bill Simmons ()
most definitely! stay up with me and nikki (: I feel like everyone's gonna be exhausted from kwood and pass out early!
Talking about artificial intelligence in management.
Also, speaking of #iOS5, for me Yahoo stands for failed innovation. Why does the iOS5 include a Yahoo widget?
Hope it was fun, while it lasted
Quick cameo, the shots where insane....
She want to be hold your there for her she wants to be treat special and told she's the only one she want to be your girl ..8
Hmm.... well that's a hard one (that's what she said)... probably in bed all day with Harry (:
and I always thought you had great taste in music! Give Mylo Xyloto another chance
I've been doing my epic chores and just leveled-up. I'm a Level 3 Stocky Dwarven Roister-Doister now!
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome. ~B. Washington
see below. Don't let me down. Xx
Working on several proposals. Looking like a big week!
early prediction... bama crushes whoever they face in the #bcs title game.. texas looks weak.
Movies with Daddy <3
RT : Thank you so much to everyone who watched #onceuponatime last night. So much more to come in the last 2 episodes!!
#LiesIveToldMyParents I forgot to bring my report card home but I got all A's and B's
Love you Cooper!
We'd love to!
Did he just say its the teachers lounge the sacred place...lol
Me either! Wow, time has really flown by!
Sorry, Ndamakong Suh, Aaron Rodgers belt doesn't have a "no class" notch.
Forecast for Friday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 55 to 61.
At the #rumpusroom with
On a 1 to 100 scale of fan pain, Memphis fans experiencing at least a 95 this series.
right! My family ran over there
can you tweet me please, I'm no one famous or important. just a girl who loves the hell out of you! wld make my year
RT: I am horrible at predicting stuff, but this one is safe: C-K will win the 2011 ALA competition. And finish 2nd. Both teams ar ...
I feel awesome knowing that i've been to a Miami Heat game before ! (;
If I Had a Gun a lot of people wouldn't be here right now but I won't want a gun so you guys are lucky
for shiz man! You should come out to ww! Its a good time bro
...chair. heavy head banging to the music on ipod shuffle.eating away at a bag of chips. 8am.
I'm committed for tonight already... :(
ok I have made time for #realhousewivesofatlantareunion its on!!!
I'm so selfish when it comes to me & mines.
you're now officially a California guuurl
I am super tired and I wish I had some more rest.
Another one of those days I wish the office had a patio. Or a retractable roof.
good point
no thats u... im really nice... u the only bighead in this...
#makeKonyfamous 2012 is the year people! Let's do this! <3
I got (I hope) lots of it today: went busing/walking in parts of Portland I don't always get to, while reading THE DARK HALF. Success!
First video: Luxury Costa Concordia cruise ship runs aground
Great news!!! So happy for you. How's that Foucault coming? :)
Adrian Gonzalez might be hitting over .400 with RISP but he is still 0-1 vs Chris Davis.
Every person I've met from is crazy awesome.
LAST DAY for the buy 1 salad or sandwich and get 2nd 50%off, DINE IN ONLY, say "1942" at the register to receive the discount, Enjoy!
aw, thanks abbie! Hope you're feeling better!
Look at the Magic. Howard is gone, but they are trying. think it has been a big difference KNOWING Rose is not coming back.
When I see the suffering in someone, I see how beautiful they are.
New twit con
Not a Happy Day for Romo & Dallas Fans. Is there anyone on the planet aging faster than Jerry Jones & Al Davis? Sure was a good game though!
OK, got it. ": It means that I'm on a mission to restore Popular music to its former glory before that dirty "J" word got to it."
It appeared that Lesnar got a little too real tonight.
dm me your #
I like the way uses twitter...it's not over the top spamming.
Apparently the criteria for living the 'American Dream' now includes being born rich and creating a line of hair extensions.
“: It feels so good knowing I'll be far away from florida soon.... #5months” so true.
#aboutme my house burned down 2 years ago
This is unbecoming of a democracy.
The term 'pizza' first appeared "in a Latin text from the southern Italian town of Gaeta in 997 AD..."
Somehow, I got tricked into opening my computer. Now I'm researching my face off... O_o
Modeling at Jib Jab! Pretty cool!
Time to hit the treadmill. I'll try two miles today.
Man i knew i should of stayed home! But Lamar brothers r gna help me i dnt even get my key till after 1
what a LONG day at work! Now turning off my phone and studying
My Mom is not happy that the Sixers lost by 1 point last night. Fortunately it's the first game of the series. Whew.
Its really storming! Parts of the office have water coming through!
So good to see my brah tonight, missed him!
Back from school got a lot of homework
I'm going to drive uphill more often. My gas tank just went from 1/4 to 1/2 full in no time. Take that 3.89 a gallon!
Notorious KIM
time is flying... Let me know your grad plans.
Where do you put letters to boys?In a mail (male) box.
Living it > talking about it
Anytime And next time, bring your lovely wife :)
thanks for the follow !
haha good one #sarcastic!!
Tired knees alert!
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results
Thanks! I am resting & even thought about getting outside for some fresh air and sunshine. A little tired to exercise tho. Thx!
Good afternoon Tweet and FB family...gotta go get the seeds..
Word on the street is that males wishing to score should outfit themselves in a black T-shirt. No one knows why, that's just how it is.
Up early gettin day started mind clear n soul free it good to be me
2 hr cardio starts now !! To all my big individuals getting healthy!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA> summertime
I'm pretty sure buns give me nightmares
Bitch im the best
*Hides razor* Yeah... that's a creepy thought. *whistle innocently*
i feel like that second move is more likely to be approved by a credentialed exercise professional for inclusion. ooh snap indeed.
email sent. I'm not sure if you go right or left off of the exit from 128, so check Google anyway.
Haven't you learned? I don't worry about consequences, just what I want today!
Friend* *wakes up before you do* and just lays there quietly Best Friend* *hits you with a pillow* WAKE UP IM HUNGRY!!!
it is not pizza that is for sure. I had amazing chocolate almond roca matzah from DZ Akins last weekend, that was delicious!
If you've been following , you're now following
that would be a dream come true :') definitely gonna start saving up for that right now<3
Ain't gotta rush, I just want to take it nice and slow... <U+2665>
If you have an iphone please don't include us "non-creative, ego-satisfying, dying to be hip" souls in ur mass texts. It's cussin' confusing
There comes a point in your life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama and the people who create it
Yea #imthatgirl that when I start driving I will speed down streets, top down and blasting you gotta show me love...
Last night at a bar I figured out the cost of beer per ounce for the bottle and draft of Bud Light.
You know you play too much tennis when you hold your pencil with an eastern grip
I wish I heard from occasionally. Oh well... Lol
So how did it go?
Wow!!! Thanks for the high praise. We don't deserve it.
This is fucking embarrassing!
oh lord not this again hahaha
Follow me, I'll DM you.
Am in Las Vegas. Their car rental system is organized to a T! Bravo.
Start the weekend off right! :)
Thanks, Jane!
Use your common sense when you exercise.
I am getting a new Verizon phone. Any tips on what model is best? Thinking about the Droid...
I know... I couldn't look at her wit out saying.. dayyyaaammn!
i know you're ready to roll out!
What is "southwest cocktail" attire?
There are some very special #Barbie items including Miss Barbie New in Box, 1964 Swirl Barbie, Suzy Goose Furniture, 1963 Barbie Dream House
that would be high apathy.
so are we!! Check out facebook!!
A period of travel and relaxation when you take twice clothes and half the money you need.
You're welcome! It was 's fault
thanks! so glad you and the f5 were there...
Santa orginally had a demon that dragged the bad boys and girls to hell
Mar 29, 1922: Churchill said that English and Scots had difficulty understanding internecine Irish feuds.
thxs for follow .. It's a BETTER WEB BUILDER! ..htp://mybwbsite.com/2915272/op It's FREE!
I Need to take that trip.. get away from the burgh for a while
Haunted is such an epic song and after Saturday night I can't stop listening to it.
why cant i be pretty?
we are on the same page about Mike, I'm not a fan
I do wish life would settle out long enough for me to get back to researching. But life throws loops and its best to roll with the punches.
Here's hoping today is a calm, quiet election day in Lima.
30% off this week! Use code: ship30. Support real artists. Lunatik Clothing
I work closely with the Great group that can help you make it to D1. How are things going for you?
Rocking my flipflops at #androidopen. So comfortable!
Good to hear you were impressed! I just thought you may be spectating. Oh well, next time then!
yea that's cool...I'll let yall know if I'm driving or not soon
At #TXLA12? Come visit us at booth no. 2437 to learn about Job & Career Accelerator - it's a crucial resource for all job-seekers!
To produce a mighty book, you must choose a mighty theme. Herman Melville
i'd like to make an appointment to dustys hair salon
#deepthoughts... realizing how crazy life really is. Always expect the unexpected.
Lol bailey what was that?
haha I have like no friends in my classes:p
should finally burn me his dreamcast games.
Glad u were able to be part of it, but also happy to have u back in NY. Miss u
Im I the only person who has not seen the Avengers!?
ha ha ha ha he. He is on fire with his kickin toniiiiiiiite
#leanstartup End of month cancellation spike : how did you find out sales quotas were to blame?
Do you pray because its a steering wheel or a spare tire?
<Drum roll and trumpets> Congratulations to Painite Paintings for winning the FREE LOGO contest!
go bucks!!!
Is anyone seeing at midnight tonight? Do you think the book or movie will be better?
this was in my drafts lol which means you never got it.
When Vitale redeemed company shares in 2007, arrangement kicked in to pay him $6 million over 10 years.
Considerable period of relaxation in front of the beach!
okay, I just got done showering.
Enjoyed baby's first outing today followed by more naps. Great first #mothersday!
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
Just cleaned out my work keyboard with pressurized air. Can only compare it to the Ulysses grand finale.
Girls can be so fake i just do not understand . /
Prove it. RT Nobody was ever on their deathbed and thought "I wish I tweeted more."
“: i have a better chance of marrying a black man who's been incarcerated than been to college. ain't that a btch” ~ sad truth!
Going golfing with Kyle
shut up Austin
If you asked me how many times you have crossed my mind I would say once because you never really left.
CHICAGO WANT YOU GUYS HERE!!
its gonna be 72 degrees today niggas
Im go make it watch and see
Creativity is... allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is... knowing which ones to keep. -Scott Adams-
Complacency NEVER brings success.
Cullen whether you come back or not, thank you for everything you did, and you will be missed if you do leave. any news yet?
I have gone through 10 lbs of sugar in a month making sure my hummingbird friends are fed. Those little sugar junkies
Those Gator Boys are Hot..so far anyways..As long as their playin well goin into the Big Dance..Go Gators!!!
RT : Follow - Amazing Project by / Are you Weird? Check it out and see for Yourself:)
Thanks to for all of your hard work. Great show tonight at The Griffin w/ dear friends and <3
Finally heading home.
Top 11 Travel Apps - ABC News
I love hotels!
swag no
have a magnificent week ahead! :)
Morgan homecoming then HU homecoming ohh what should I do lol go to both lol
#thesocialorg HI I'M BILLY MAYS
We have plenty of happy users! Feel free to email us with any questions you have - .
You got some awesome swag man respect from sweden !!
All I see on Facebook is sluts complaining about other sluts being sluts.
hahaha I just don't understand. What a weird concept.
I'm right here Mike! Thanks, I like you too! :)
a thousand frowny faces RT : Don't go for the geniuses. They never want to sleep.
So, SB466, which radically alters ten/landlord rights passed the assembly and senate Call the TRC before you sign anything or if you have ?s
All the things one has forgotten scream for help in dreams
These tears are happy tears... I love you Brewers and Packers!
Refund for this season not yet announced MT : have Pay-The-Pick plan. If team gets No. 1 pick, season tix will be $43
archives internship this spring = one very happy me!
I know I'm excited because I fell on the floor and started rolling LOL
at grad party eatn up everything.... ayyyeee
Life is a fight, and even though it seems like you're going to get knocked out, you must keep on fighting!
Thanks for the RT, we're finding that most of our followers are using #SocialMedia on the #mobile devices, how about you?
I wrote a song about your eyes, ate a slice of cherry pie. I cried all night. - Wonderful
The ceramic trailers on Oregon Art Beat are way cool. cc:
I know--busy couple of weeks. May is a make-it-happen kinda month.
I'm going to try to make it (especially since it's in our building)!
The grill is fired up! RT Off to meet up with a #Sym2011 Tweep and her family IRL #NetworkingFTW cc:
why hello =]
Ha! Your Jedi mind tricks don't work on me... But, yes... Yes I am following them...
Congrats to former Meteor intern who just landed a job in San Francisco.
You are a LOSER with a Icon that is Racist
I am taking relentless crap for the Jets acquisition of Tebow. And justifiably. Silver lining: Sanchez is now sweating.
6 hours today. Then the puppy peed off the pad. Excitement on a Saturday.
nostalgia settling in?
Sad to hear about Nick Stahl. Hope he is okay and gets clean. This is a really tough town for actors.
Thank you so much!
I can't wait for the #NerdProm to actually start. White House Correspondents Dinner
thanks Andrea!
No I'm Not Currently In A Relationship But I'm Happy!
Palm Beach County agency offers sessions on getting hospitality industry jobs - Palm Beach Post
Gonna Change My Bio , Who Wants There Nam On It ? : )
Be respectful of other people. If you borrow something return in better condition & if you show something leave it better than you found it.
damn nvm then u far frm my type 2 u nt pretty
"Their here!!! TOns of them!! They surrounded the park! Fire dept and riot gear and those plastic handcuffs!"
Finished editing prologue to book and now immersed in Part I; amazed at what a short break will do for my editorial perspective
« Lakers aways start off slow but finsh strong...» truth
Ceelo Green ruined his career in the lasted American Dad! and my opinion of Seth went down as wells=
#Cartier commercial is ridiculously stunning SICK!
Thanks for the Follow Beth!
Ah fresh out the shower!
Joan Rivers is Funny.. I luv her!
Remembering my great uncle who lost his battle with cancer 13 years ago today
Greetings, Boston, you magnificent bastard.
August 28,29 The Great Southwest Home Remodeling & Design Show Santa Ana star center gswhomeshow.com
“ Tons of flowers to lay on my grandmas grave today.” | I miss her so much.
2nd half pack... keep it up...
ah I love her<3 haha.
RE tweepsmap - too bad it can't tell us how many are #scuba divers, huh? Joining SCUBAnauts on Key West expedition in July.
OK, so the Blogger to Wordpress import has been a miserable failure. I'm gonna start moving individual posts now. That means no comments.
Easter sunday is the best...hope every1 havin a blessed sunday!
Sign # 42 I’m getting older: How angry I get at that there are now 85 flavors of Doritos.
"The semen analysis looked excellent" is just not something I expect to overhear at the vet's office. Or anywhere, ever.
REK in town tonight. Finally checking out ACL Live.
DEAL when are we going? Haha
We're launching two new pages soon & - Go say hi! :D
It's a Ravi Shankar on the Pandora machine getting work done kinda day.
Get your work done while overseeing the shoot. Steve Temple Photography is now equipped with high speed wireless internet.
2 bad he has 2 go.
i wanna go to the gym,
I'll let you know! Welcome to #teamluau :)
Did you know...? In 1840 the world's first dental school opened in Baltimore.
Be sure to give San Diego native, Jessica Sanchez, some love on American Idol this week! Who's your favorite contestant?
We are open at 11am!
Back from rehab =)
What's that? I have a real life meeting for a big kid art gig? Chalkboard lettering here I come!
no he just said id really like it a lot. So I kind of guessed what it might be. Lol
yay! Glad you like it :)
"Treat people like mirrors & watch how you reflect in their eyes." Nnamdi G. Osuagwu
Bet #Brewers never imagined they'd have to try and replace Prince Fielder with Travis Ishikawa and Brooks Conrad.
yea i feel u
he forgot his pot of gold on the other side.
We agree with when he says "support live comedy" (we think he's got great taste in live comedy, too).
Omfg there has been nothing but psychos coming into the shop today.
I believe on Harvey Dent.
Can I please see you before I leave the country?!
How do people expect to be great if they lack confidence??
lol ohp I see. besides graduating highschool the only other graduation I had was preschool lol
haha ayay! you always get my attention! even if all the creepers at the park are staring at me (:
were you saying Im very networky?
and prayers are with your family and friends.
you just secured a lot of voters. Why? Because you're doing what's right for the nation.
cher I love you, follow me back? please! xoxo
Little things matter to me, because they make up the bigger picture.
« fuck gas prices»
Wish I were house. The food looks great. Still waiting for the grill to heat. It's back to very slow food here.
girl please,I hear you,I'm gone brush this into a ponytail and call it a day
I know right ..!! I miss you do much I wanna come visit
Wow, Finland diving like this is a soccer match... These international refs blow
An objective for the day, training data (what U did), what U learned, successes for the day, solutions needed, goal statement
Bear in mind Coffey (+30lb) went pen to mound (300ish ft) in about same time. Basepaths = 360ft
#tacky dudes wearing colorful scarfs ----
it is a good site.
« Why cant a male and female be seen together without someone thinkn they are "talkin" or "fuckin" thats crazy»
I hope these are tryouts and not just for fun.
call Colin! Let's hang tough!!!!!
high school??? Cocaine is a hell of a drug.
Got to bail a bit early, thanks for sharing your knowledge and giving me time to share my thoughts. See ya next week
Dear America: Tiger Woods was not the first celebrity to have an affair, neither was Bill Clinton the first leader. GROW UP ALREADY
I have the best husband in the whole wide world!
lol. Keep telling yourself that! Ignorance is bliss! :)
THE ONLY SHOP WIT SO MANY, REAL STREETWEAR BRANDS THAT MAKE THEIR MARK N L.A. N.Y. TOKYO LONDON .. WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Wise is he or she who does not look up at somebody else, or look down on somebody else.
Thank you! I will do that.
The Aerosmith Armageddon song is playing on my shuttle to the airport. It's a nice moment, now I get where Bruce Wills was coming from.
i’m putting some new stuff online this week.
Coaching's going well! No official blessing from the gaming board yet so i'm doing it pro bono for now.
don't care who wins this game...def want it to come down to the wire for entertainment. It's all about game 3 tomorrow baby!
very very welcome :)
I needed a good laugh tonight! Thank you!
love y'all!!
congratulations :-) not a bad Christmas present...
Looks like if I don't get this last basketball option...then I'm going to be coaching basketball on the side until next season rolls around.
toby keith voice.
English muffins weren’t invented in England nor French
Prayer is so powerful . This kidd prayed over this womans drinking problem and she now doesnt know what beer taste like anymore . Wow
Osama bin Laden helped Taliban launch attacks on western soldiers in Afghanistan - Daily Mail
Let me know if you want a ticket for Alpha Omicron Pi & Phi Delta Theta's Take the Stage this Tuesday! Tickets are $5!
Thanks Lisa for all of the social media-ing you do to help us get the word out there! <3
Cancer-causing ingredients in Coca-Cola? Another reason it's America's drink.
it's you
Meanwhile, Los Angeles has apparently decided it is summer today.
I don't understand the obsession of nipples...
Glad to hear you like it! Go Cubs! #lightscape on state street lovin it
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice fuck off forever.
true--the problem of course being that 'strict constitutionalist' is now just code for 'hypocrite'
hang out with me while you're in buffalo!!!!
yes please do
I think Yahoo was in disarray well before this incident ;)
#ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy Never trust a new white girl in town.
Editing articles with a bacon, egg & cheese at NDB.
Damn you, dryer, take my Canadian quarters! How do you know the difference???
I am eating at my desk but I just ran. Hope that balances things out!
Ceremony honors donors Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, president of UAE & New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg. Monet inspired design.
Why do I have to click twice to read an article with pandawhale?
Be harmonious, sympathetic, brotherly, kindhearted and humble in spirit. -1 Peter 3:8
Yepp He Cool I Approve . Smoked Out In My World #Trell Doe!!
Pretty bummed about waiting til June to buy the Asus Transformer Infinity 700... Probably for the best though.
What You Need
#isitok? To have a stubble beard when you work in a business casual setting ? Even I'd you can pull it off?
Had a great time at Korzo! Nate Radley sounded amazing subbing for Ben Monder. Tonight: Seeds with Monder, Joe Martin and Ted Poor. 10 pm
PLEASE follow me I LOVE YOU
What does student centered learning look like to you? DM me please!
the Comish didn't know he was adding a dress code right as the Hipster look was taking off!
If you aren't able to attend the meetup this Wednesday, you can also tweet your ideas using the hashtag
Not to mention Jim Caldwell is the new OC in BALT. Manning would be a perfect fit there....as long as Ray can make room
some ppl are rude as hell
Think I just used ShamWow... it does make a difference!
The worst. I wish I had a driver.
Check out the July issue of Marie Claire...hair and make-up for the article beginning on page 98 was done by Veda's talented staff!!!
Brusters must be close too, then!
Tune in 9am Monday to to listen to two of our program partners discuss the importance of teaching and sharing women's history
We were looking at the corner of S. Washington and Cherry, Civil War era brick building, but it is smaller than we wanted.
RT : 48% of Americans live paycheck-to-paycheck - Judy Walz, SVP Marketing
Street Team is coming soon!
only time i'll ever drink 40s is if im broke or i wanna play Edward Fortyhands
You got your guards up, I do too there's things we might discover cause you got a past and I do too, we're perfect for each other
you can take the man outta Colorado, but you can't take the Colorado outta the man.
20 minutes until Region 2 semifinals. Looking forward to seeing our state finalist Denise Burns compete!
I think I know what's happening here, Roland. My #TaylorMades are gathering dust.
Open your eyes to what's in front of you.
ohh me too. And ohh wow r there still games? I would wanna go see her play. And meet u!
you are ignorant
Breaking the web breaking the web.
S/o to Happy bday unc
Ill take it
love you too big bro!! Thank you that means a lot
It was originally supposed to be a PetSmart, but that fell thru. Think they just wanted to get that space filled.
lol. I shouldn't joke about viagra, people will think I'm old & ugly; where as only one of those is true
spending the next few hours at dance......last saturday practice!! </3
Rooobiohs, Rooboys...however you say it that stuff is delightful! I'll be back tomorrow! And I hear you're making pizza...
This is very important about Aspergers right? I'm just telling you it's a horrible thing about lack of eye contact!
Overheard at #TNC10: telling treatment providers in IL that #hcr will help is like telling a drowning man to hold his breath for just 2 yrs.
Ouch ! My little cusin told me that if I didnt pass him the ketchup he was gunna break my jaw 0.o
Yay, the moon! I like the moon :D
The Day's Grow Shorter & I'm Still Stuck In Yesteryear & If I Can Just Break Through My Fears I Know I'll Soar<U+2665>-KillahSmilee
Free Nutritional Seminar this Wed w/ ! email or call 212-593-3278 to RSVP
nothing just wanted to borther somebody and i WANT my STRAWBERRY CAKEE
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom. ~Anais Nin
tweet tweet
And now people are talking to boxes at #did11: "come on then shitbox"
What a beautiful day out today! Today is a perfect day to __________.
Happy New Year and many continual Blessings in the Years to Come, from Stage Aurora!
Zion Bound, Hell Proof
Hello Matt Thank you for the follow. Your creative thinking jumps off the page!
Yeah. It definitely doesn't hurt as bad this time. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#ThingsMyBestFriendsDo make me smile even in the worst situations.
“: Gonna Smash This Fucking Possessed Cat In The Head Tonight!” aww poor pussycat :(
Watching the movie Due Date.
The best way to predict the future is to create it. Peter Drucker
Hahaha,did i ever tell you i know some malay words? My mum is a malay. Hahah. But i only know some.
#ff - he's a coffee lid innovator who no one else can hold a flame to!
That's weird to me
Green Bay Packers announced they have signed first-round pick Nick Perry. (Schefter)
oh my.... Americas got talent is a little scary this year..
Did you know that 's happy hour is 1/2 off cans? Yup that means 1/2 off !!
Enjoy my city GJ.
Have a GREAT time! Well done :)
how would you get around that or suggest what to do?
Hell To The Nutella NO!
:) anyone talking about collaborative concept mapping as way around copyright restricts re digitising post 1922 materials?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you buy lube and the lady at the cash register says "enjoy your night, sir."
I know I know it's the worst
Doc Rivers: "I've never seen Ray Allen miss so many free throws in my life."
Creating graphics for three different presentations; education, retirement and retail.
It has been deemed newsworthy that Jon Huntsman believes in evolution and global warming. Why? He's the only Republican who does. Scary.
Is it considered role playing if I call Tasha "Paula Dean" while we make dinner?
Give him BJ since his fight with Condit is off? Assuming Dana keeps him of course.
now I've got Owl City, which I secretly love. I think this is my secret music crush station.
Pizza Fun Fact: Saturday night is the biggest night of the week for eating pizza. What night of the week do you like to order pizza?
what did you have?
“: "Get the London look." no thanks. I like my teeth without the gap.” LOLOLOL OMG
Great finish by !! Such a wonderful sight.
Spam tweets are the devil ... Or as Gloria from "Modern Family" would say ... El diablo
relative major: an uncle in the Marine Corps. relative minor: a girlfriend.
We won all the Reynolds over offically!! RT think the other sis might ACTUALLY come get lunch from you today!
Free Pharmacy Discounts - Savings up to 45% - Target - Generic Prescriptions -
ALEXX OMG WONDER IF YOU WOULD DM SOMETHING RANDOM!!! HOPE YOU DO..
#SillyOfMeToThink that I knew you and that I liked you now I know the real person you are
If I were in a controversial literary rave-rap group, I'd call it Die Atwood. Obviously.
you were right last night. The grilled cheese truck is called Morris Truck
Ehh im tired from work and theres nithing to do
Word. ": Sarah Palin was paid twice as much as what a teacher makes in a year to say teachers make too much money. #wiunion"
I miss you, dude
I'm signing copies of Depth of Focus. Read a description of the book and two excerpts at www.kenyadwilliamson.com. Have a great weekend!
: Haven't seen you since MCN in Chicago, I think...but was so happy to get the email with your news! Congrats on the new job!
The procrastinator in me says tweet....now 8 tweets.
Quit playing men.
Wow I really hope one day to look as good as my headshot.
Well i always been an og triple og RT Not when your a gangsta : The single life gets a little frustrating
tonight's beer will be 500 we!
...very simple pastry, but requires practice. I wish I could direct you someplace in #PDX to try it. And I'm outta town.
Don't speak your anger, speak your heart. What's behind the anger? This is not being weak, its being real.
“: Is there water in Turkey Creek now?? Would be great if so!” A little water is trickling in.
Spectacular weather in South Florida!
When you call our firm, you can rest assured that one of our attorneys will provide you with the services that fit your case.
u just need to quit
Yep! When mean everything, we mean EVERYTHING!!
Just rain and freezing rain so far. Looks like it's hitting harder North of us.
buckley jones
so fucking annoying!!! hahah RT : Knock it the fuck off with the car horn, Washington!
Happy Mother's Day! Pause. Coyotes take on L.A. in Glendale at 5pm. Go #yotes!
eh single my BF broke up with me for his ex and im really hurt..... ='(
It's tough to watch the games today
Thank you so much and for the RT of our article. We are so excited!
DO NOT LIVE TWEET THE GAME DO NOT DO THAT TO ME. I have stupid work to do.
I better be that fucking important god know
Ok ok the band is partying!!!! The Conclusion Band..... ur going to have a ball!!!!
I like to get all the info before offering congratulations. (belated) CONGRATS on your exciting news!! :)
of course I did!
I have a huge bruise on the inside of my leg =?
kind of want to read. would not admit it. Patron donated it because she said it was so awful and didn't want it in her home
I hate when people try to touch my face...
Need more tuxedos
Still have ONE RR/Avery Collaboration Not Litigation & a couple of New Holland Blue Sunday Reserves hidden away. Get 'em or I drink 'em!
#gospelbreakupsongs. Walk in the light - Hezekiah Walker
Thats Great Barbara..Keep on updating me of such events where we can help!!
amateurs/experienced and educated. I cannot tell the difference. The so-called educated has done much damage.
Twitter is better than Facebook 100 percent.
Sheriffs dept needs to better reflect community. - Adrian Moss-Beasley
now following back Howdy!!!
#DTLA How many "coffee sleeves" have you seen so far today?
I wonder how much noise would be eliminated if all the cab drivers in Chicago stopped honking for no apparent reason?
Now I have to watch #NEVERSAYNEVERDVD again because followed me
Well thanks for the love!
To bed early with an upset tummy..bummer I wanted to do christmas decorations with my babies. :(
Blog Post - Publish early in the morning. Gets more links to post. Try it out. says
Hope you can come 2 our launch party 5/31! Love 2 celebrate with you:)
follow me please :)
and casey anthony your kid...
&bull; Nice Hidden Camera Hook DVR Covert Cam Protect your home
I'm doing exactly what Kim was talking about, minus the ramen.
that bitch dont know me or the bitches i fuck with so she betta stay in her place . cause she dont want these problems !
The fuck you hiding ?
": such language!" I just retweeted. I didn't actually put it.
I tried to tell you
RT : All Caterpillars unite on April 28th!!! Time for a Metamorphosis!
buffalo trace is a decent whiskey and not overly priced.
The Newt Mobile is here
i will for sure!
Loving this
yeah "toyally" - ass.
Gonna miss so much shit in school , and track practice ! Ugh .
My nigga asked my why I talk 2 females like I do..I said shit..I keep it real..speak my mind..and say what I want
That's it for Novel Week! Which #history novels are YOU looking forward to reading? RT your thoughts!
Feel free to reblog my latest post on
DO THA CLAM
Wow. You know what that means? There's a frost warning here tonight! RT : Ice cream truck!!!!!!!!!
Watching two of my favorite ladies on your latest ep: you and I could watch the 2 of you banter all day.
Your the problem not me.
ahh I love this movie!:D
...& it was all for no reason, or at least one that was not correctly expressed. But whatever, I'm done.
yeah i gotta check em out
thank you, Dr. King, for spreading a message of peace and tolerance. Also thanks for the day off. :)
the dance is tomorrow cant wait!
and Julie Andrews -- amazing!!
Seski go to Rogue Brewery, Agate Beach July 6. Seski mabey feed seals? You watch for Seski!
Tomorrow is the #Warhammer Fanatsy Tournament! Tell everyone, the more the better! 2,500pts no special characters! #ABQ see you there!
haha I know. What do you really think will be outcome? UK by 7
Congrats to for being selected to the Freshman All-America team.Horns DBs will own the Big 12 for years.
he sounds like a chick xD
dint let your car gear you talk like that or it will really start acting up
Twitter I am having a dilemma ...
I can eat in 13 hours!
lol I'll be hanging with in no time! PS I LOVE the new haircut! no joke u look like RiRi in your prof pic!!
Cheese is awesome!!!
Thanks for the help!
Sorry ur having trouble editing your order. Depends on ur delivery time. Please send email to .
I just read last year 4,153,237 people got married. I don't want to start any trouble, but shouldn't that be an even number?
LitFuse is cranking out a badass proposal... best one yet! And looking forward to enjoying the sunshine!
"The start is what stops most people." - Don Shula
is in the businesses of helping moms -Healey
i swear he done had about 3 good chances smh
Would LOVE a cheapie rain-out win right here. No bullpen.
Buy C and GE
not quite sure how i feel about the #fullday rahm...
Hate when shit just get thrown in my face
Gotta admit, discussing appeal of #Judaism with a Jew makes me feel all sorts of childish. 'why Judaism?' 'I dunno, it it calls to me?'
Is the endorsement of Newt Gingrich by Sarah Palin a curse or a blessing?
Hunger Games movie: son i am disappoint
Tomorrow 12/29/11 is doing their thing at w/ Jim Wes, The Monroes & The Young Liars 7pm.
Cute, sure. But gosh, is it really that slow of a news day? Cmon folks.
Thanks ! Appreciate your support!
thats how I do. I like to over stuff my careta with bundles of clothes, and go "This isn't all mine, I have 8 kids"
At The Toros Game w My Baby N Bestfriendd
I know, I know--too busy, but would love to get there sometime.
Facebook is lame anyway...
On my way to therapy. Still don't believe this shit works.
Got the fireside table for wine tasting with
Hopefully they catch the idiot responsible for this.
that dude in lady antebellum needs to button one more higher, please.
So sad Lincoln HS Student victim of meningitis, so young, precious.
Thanks for the RT Happy Mothers Day
id always be hungry to if I was that skinny!;P ha
The other day I heard a useful neologism: flustrated. I'm getting flustrated. Pretty much all the time.
Gina Biancarosa, U Oregon: core features for ereader interfaces. This would help conversion of college textbooks to eplatforms
At the Place... and I thin you need to play better music.
RT : My mommy not taking me to the New edition concert
RT : My sole hope for the draft remains that media goes to SF, wait for hours, then have 49ers trade pick to OAK, where nobody is
Did you know? The Nick channel started being broadcasted in Buffalo NY?
Smart. London to get Europe’s biggest ever Wi-Fi zone for Olympics. Allows fans to engage on social media & check-in services.
It is October right? For your sake i hope it doesn't snow like this all winter!
I've never been kicked out of a class I'm not even in before. Maybe we should not meet in each other's classes? Lol
Thanks for the follow MAS peeps!!!
Research: Ancilliary skills that (communication skills for engineers for example)
RT : Retweet for a chance to win a signed jersey tonight. Get the #ochocinco app here www.rockapp.com/ocho
Oh I know! :c how have you been?
I wouldve delivered them....
Just because I'm smiling, doesn't mean I don't want to hit you in the face.
WhoisTrevor.com He revealed himself to the world yesterday!
Really fun show at Diesel tonight! Thanks to everyone who came out!
My Goldfish died and I got my tonsils out.
Never count the cost it's worth all that's lost
Discussing whether is wearing a mock turtleneck in his profile pic.
hahahahaha that's disgusting. And i've stopped vegetarian but I don't eat red meat now.
Morning Rockstars! > Experience is not what happens to a man: it is what a man does with what happens to him. - Aldous Huxley
Watching NBA highlights. Ouch! looks like a MIA sweep is coming against NY. We're rooting for OKC over DAL #Durantula is a beast!
We did it! 5000+ likes! Stay tuned - ASA Holiday Gift Package contest will be next week! Thx 2 all who support us!
RT : Luv new follower >>>Thanks for the shout out! Hey ATL TweetiePies are you staying posted? Follow!
I believe I had that many in March.
- damn look at all those superstahs! Huya!
Have you seen Danny Deckchair? Great Movie...
Walking out to the court for tonights Bucks game against the Lakers, hope we bring it tonight!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers!
Fuccin all the way up
“ RT : #Gemini may appear disorganized, but there is a method to their madness.”
I think I might return to the world of the Twitter. The question: do I have anything important to share?
appreciate it man. I could be luckier
*pearly whites* hey G goodmorning!!!!! They better watch out from TGT real rnb alert!!!!!! Have a blessed one babe
The Samsung Galaxy S I is straight up IMPRESSIVE.
! RT Um, cool RT : Barry Diller says he is not sure mags like can survive 5 more years in print
Who has advice on zipcar as an alternative to car ownership?
#LRT, BUT I THOUGHT THEY SQUASHED THE BEEF
I love the movie 'The Count of Monte Cristo' so much.
That awful feeling when you completely screw up a rehearsal and can't stop thinking about it javahakeve
Got to read this study to see how much alcohol we are talking about.
Got a test in science today.
Thanks girl! Your such an amazing friend!!!!! Xoxo
Happy Mothers Day to all the Amazing mamas!!!! Many of you do it all by yourself without a significant other. I salute you ALL. God Bless.
Oh yeah duhh(:
Migraine with medicine? nauseous. Migraine without medicine? nauseous. Lose lose situation here. Bed time.
What?! I didn't see you :( We'll have to have a beach day soon!!
asking about question of scale in the digital scholarship we undertake
if it increases the odds of a getting a gift card, yes.
Jealous...that is so awesome!
Went into a meeting down two runs and came out a winner. Bring on more meetings!
he said it himself "ima rap until im fossil fuel" aka hes not.done til hes dead
#thanks for the compliment
Why are the IRS 1099 form instructions obsessed w/ fishing proceeds? I keep picturing "Deadliest Catch: Tax Edition"
Real men never stop trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her
wow that was a lot of info plus I have to get about 100 shots and finger pricks which I hate. but I get to volunteer in the Emergency Room!
Good morning #ThankGOD for blessing us wit another day
Life is like a hot bath. It feels good while you’re in it, but the longer you stay in, the more wrinkled you get.
my sisters ex is hear and he keeps calling my fluffy ima kick his ass if he calls me that one more time
A mushroom walks into a bar and starts hitting on a woman. She turns him down. Not willing to give up, he pleads "C'mon lady, I'm a fun guy"
I always take life with a grain of salt, ...plus a slice of lemon, ...and a shot of tequila.
Working dogs....dogs that pull carts and do taxes?
I'm not the one they say is short. I'm like normal height enough. Gina!
Thank you for the incredible Dallas pictures! I loved that I was able to experience it with my daughters!
All Adidas and Ashworth shirts are $10 off when you mention this tweet. All Nike, Callaway, and tTaylor Made golf balls $10 off a dozen.
#DesireThursdays what desire do you have for your own Mama this week? How will you honor her?
yea right? I must be getting "so famous" LOL...and my hair color really? Ha
#gymdrunk bc well be #fiercefit by summer time!!
If you're a big oatmeal in the morning person I urge you to try steel cut oatmeal. Brings oatmeal to a whole new level.
Sweet! RT : <-- Coding at 30,000 feet --> Glad to have in flight to test websites I'm working on!
next season will be a very interesting one for football. Lots of rookies with a lot on their shoulders
I know coconut gets a bad rap but i gotta say im on team coco
lets get gopackgo trending
I Appreciate That
I see! the 2nd time around there may be more, so maybe I should give it another try
What would you do for a Klondike Bar?
Congrats for your Bronze Medal!!!
Better late than never, but never late is better~
I just heard #SaySomethin by Excuse Me While I Go Cry Because Of How Far Hes Gotten #Obsessed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
baby!!! I like you so so much);
lmao u gonna treat her like a queen.... and get me a raise if u fuck her right??!
I call it the Theology of Convenience. Whatever conveniently fits with my opinion.
we can work on a price that works for you. What's your email. You can DM it to me and we can figure something out.
Start your toss on set, stand up and go to wx center and by the time you're there, you start the forecast.
- of course :) and yeah ill be leaving sunday 645pm b there by like 130am
Goes to show he is not NBA material getting eaten up in NCAA needs more size, strength,
so why you bother to answer then if its that good to worries, its blackfriday hoes!!! yeah picture that!!!!!!!!!
that awkward moment when you realize you can't fit in a parking space after trying twice and you drive away while everyone looks.
I just saw Steven Tyler in a Burger King commercial. Just how expensive is rehab????
Don't make me turn this car around!
it's so true. Also, wanna find the problem, look in the mirror. wanna find the solution, look in the mirrow!
guess what salsa club is doing again? I'm so mad at them...
HAWKS!! Yes
- its an every night thing here. all 11 DVD sets.
I've watched that show like twice and didn't laugh at all that show is so boring
Harder than ever to adopt children - Adelaide Now
Really hoping Desmond Tutu's walk up music is either "Danger Zone" or "Hit Em Up"
Music Matters
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool I'm going to tell everyone they suck.
thank you
Aetna Health CEO: focusing on behavior change, working with
Me too, but consuming that many carbs so quickly, it's not way possible to gain muscle alone, some of it will be fat.
yes you are. ;) hahah
..Fine. I dont have like any mouse left though.. So it won't look that great. (; IF I'm even at school..
If you don't know the difference between deer pellets, cow pies, and horse clumps, then you don't know shit
it's the talk of the office here. Between the Caps heartbreaker last night, now this, the mood is sullen to say the least.
Let's go Heat beat NYK
Serious question: How can I steal from one of those Redbox machines?
same shop, actually!
you havent gotten it back yet?!?
I think I will speak on the "war on marriage" later today.
I'm glad to hear that. That's what's up.
#Zack Ryder rocks woo woo woo
RT : Boulder police searching for man who fondled sleeping woman: Boulder police are looking for a man who crept into......
I don't think we ever clash but we do become frosty. - Ann Wilson
appreciate the blast! kudos
Channing Daughters and Wolffer both in Bridgehampton.
The philosophers have only interpreted the world, in various ways. The point, however, is to change it.
Do you know wisdom when u see it fool?
Good Morning!! <U+2665>
Looking for something to do? A great new service is on twitter, tweets about travel, deals, food, and all entertainment!
Well thank ya! RT : this night cant get any better, YOU'RE AWESOME
THE DANKIEST NEW STRAIN IN: LSD Bubba! Fresh, Super Frosty, Sticky Icky, Highly Potent Medicine! Full Menu at www.WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy! :)
Dear I would like to be able to highlight a list of text and turn it into a to-do list (like bullets and numbers).
Do so, but don't get your hopes up. Sadly, the CW cancelled it. No more hotties with long lashes and pretty blonde hair :(
#missyamore remember when we never went coneing
THIS GIRL!!! *victorious dance*
pink pants are #ballin. Just sayin'
320 million shares to be sold and I'm the dummy selling at the bottom?? With everything I know? Shakes are a good thing...
Havn Ben & Jerry's organic ice cream.. yum!
Happy 4th of July !!!! Have fun and be safe! Don't me cover you.
Don't think the guys cutting trees down up the street really wanted that one to fall most of the way across the street.
A recent study by HSBC, found people who planned for retirement had 5x the assets of those who did not.
An MBA is a career accelerator across a number of industries and MBA graduates can usually command higher salaries.
Wow, the James Bond of cinematography.
good luck in ur class chachi! :D
#RVA 70 yr woman slays spouse & son. RTD headline: mystifying? Maybe just isolated & hopeless? Reach out you may be a lifeline for someone
got you bro
President Sullivan has pancakes and sees on her napkin, "I think I'm in rat's alley, where dead men lost their bones."
Good Morning Baby Girl!
#OrlandoFashionWeek opens up with emerging talent. #OFW designers have skills wow!
I know...HUGE difference from last wk (missed a lot due to kid's soccer) but i wasn't impressed. now GA may compete for coach
See you at BSU Saturday.
I have it
im eating my whopper icecream........
Watching the post game...
#LAKERS #KINGS #DODGERS #CLIPPERS = #WINNERS FROM
Bank of America: Is &quot;Too Big To Fail&quot; A Failure?
Interstate Bridge Lift Complete.... traffic moving again into and out of Vancouver...
Tell Ariana Thank You Joan is trending worldwide for her mom! <U+2665>
I Love you Liam <U+2665> you are beatiful<U+2665>
Boy walks in to a strip club and later his mom finds out, she says,"Did you see anything you weren't supposed to see?" "Yeah. I saw dad!"
You have to imagine it possible before you can see something
well ull never stand alone with us mahomies x love u austin please RT this and follow mee if u did my life would be amazing xx
The Library Vendor Call: A 45 minute visit: 25 min Fact Finding. The rep asks questions about your needs an collection. ProQuest Webinar
UMM absolutely!! So excited for the launch next! :D
“: it would make my sisters entire year if you chilled with her for valentines day. She's in carol city.”
Pizza & movie night with my two loves.
where you at
Final result, we're going to go South. We're going to go North first tho. -red line announcer
Daniel Negreanu Beat at EPT Grand Final, Will Take on ‘rUaBOT’ at Limit Holdem Challenge
ya it wasn't funny but went hard and dissed yall with that one
No problem. Looks like it's rear right leg is injured, but I dare handle it to find out. Good luck.
When we needed rain in the 1700s, we would balance a musket on a pig's back and sing "Here's to the maiden of bashful fifteen." Good times.
Omg gorgeous out today!
crushed his solo set last night at #SundayJazzLounge It was an incredible experience and great night all around!
Everybody wins! MT : The bright side of nobody winning the Fiction Pulitzer? All three finalists are trending on Goodreads now.
Finnaly I got the damn chicken
Yeo fuck I can't believe I'm already on summer break
LOL #TNT Crew has already put Kobe on a boat with new fishing gear.
Guy peed at NY Ave station. They said they were getting off at Silver Spring. I heard a woman in my car call to report.
last year, just discontinued my account entirely bc I USED to live in California and decided to not credit me for 6mos.
We are happy to welcome , , , to the #newhomefeed family!
Bulls don't play Jimmy Butler and lose...
Do we have any followers with Christmas birthdays?
happy work anniversary!
TOMORROW Vapid Youth Culture, The Unoriginals, I Can Bore Ever Sombitch in the House $10
maybe it's cause my ancestors ate monkeys and dogs but I could give a shit how they live bring on the pork!
do you mean "do you always wear that AWESOME hat?" If so, YES!!!
Never been so impatient to drink
I love that Virgin America added the ORD-SFO flight. Great experience. Very impressed with women ahead of me who had wine at 6:30 AM, wow
My master's project is approved! I'm actually graduating on the 19th. Sheer craziness!!
San Francisco: you're mine.
I found the secret of avoiding the dreaded 2-hour-long registration line at #swsw: pick it up while Joss Whedon talks. He did Buffy, right?
Happy Hump Day! "Fish, to taste right, must swim three times – in water, in butter and in wine."---Polish proverb I'm in a fishy mood! :)
Life is a carnival
burning old databases to disk.
HURRY and get your spots for this years biggest festivals, head over to facebook.com/centurymediaroadunit to find out how!
Work is going by so slowly. Help!
The future of UNF's chapter of Upsilon Phi Delta looks bright
I might stop by the later this month - the event is definitely on my radar!
Perhaps it was a poll dancer.
You can never be too careful when it comes to zombies.
My friend is mad cause he left his phone with me to go potty, mid convo with someone.. so I sent the message, "I like to pick my nose"
Just got new shoes at like midnight
New faces hm
You know it! #puttinginwork RT Beast mode, on! ;)
what's the word on Get Well Soon? It got a release date? Pumped to hear it!
Ik i may not be perfect but i try so hard to be the best at everythinq i do.
I'm only like 5'6", so I can find pants length-wise. It's the HIPS. Me and my friend would be the same size (11) IF I HAD NO HIPS!!!
I'm not sure because a lot of bands I like are going. Probably TDWP AA Whitechapel and As I lay Dying
Hello World. No baby as of yet. Amazingly, I will actually tell you when he does arrive. It's not a secret. So, please stop asking. XO!
Tonight in intro to pro fight...controlling the stand up to taking the head
Nostaligia for #books doesn't do it for me. Books have been nice, cozy cages:punctuation, grammar rules, spelling rigidity, boxes of paper.
Let's kill it tonight #GO!REDWINGS
The hardest things to collect are your thoughts.
Twitter is a most tough site to be on for celebrities. For it opens the gates for ur fans to contact u directly.
After Think Like a Man, Michael Ealy and Taraji's tongues are going to have their own IMDB.
I miss you!:) How've you been?:) I'm finally 18 now dude
“: 93482nd* <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>” haha thanks for catching that !
Be sure to support your neighborhood businesses on Small Business Saturday!
I have seen Remember the Titans about a thousand times ... But I still can't help but cry, every single time!
Thanks for the love and ! Yall Rock on so many different levels.
Yeah she's the first female serial killer!
Thanks, Lisa! (Like that name :)
Oh Coach Not Here Today :(
RT : Awesome... shortened his dog's name from Bronco to Bronx. That is modern divorce!
And NO!, I'm not bipolar, is just that you make me really mad when I'm extremely happy!!
Idk... That was a random as thought!
Ha. And then u could set up shop as a Abstract Consultant.
um. no. i wouldnt be your fan cause your a little cunt.
Volleyball?? more like VolleyBORE !!!!
come to Columbus, Ohio. One person will care!
What I figured. New apps coming out today too. Google has been busy changing things over.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought i was the shit and i acted a damn fool...smh
Annoyed! Annoyed! Annoyed!!!
I have 26 bottles of nail polish...
You're never patient among 100s of people that look depressed at the county hospital
: Shouts to !! His new single "So Good" sold 170,000+ in the first week & debut on Billboard's HOT100 Chart @
Creating an abundance of love in your life draws the support of the universe and opens you to loving relationships with others.
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
“: Watching #Idol on a slight DVR delay. First up is the increasingly awful Phillip butchering CCR. Grade : D” agree!
This minimization of blacklife is terrible. Life no matter what nationality is of value.
Declutter Financial Files, and Organize Your Life - Fox Business
The essence of our business is all are contacts are prescreened and maintain impeccable reputations.
it's so no bootycall
Just finished a great presentation about India's water industry by e rep from Confederation of Indian Industry
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO BRIANA :D IS UR NAME SPELL WITH DOUBLE N OR JUST 1?
it's really great. sigh.
yes and todays will keep u on the edge
I would love to do that!:]
thanks best love you
The headache I have right now<<<
I have literally destroyed all of my Victoria's Secret sweatpants.... Time to go shopping!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Did the ocean drive 5k in 19 min 17 secs not bad but need to get faster!!!
Mr ML is at Dark Lord Day, a crowded outdoor beer fest, in 40 degree windy weather. I am at home with kittehs and JLP.
is so wonderful! He surprised me with the bluray from the concert we were at!
The Obama-Bell tape is Blake Edward's "Skin Deep" and the Pollak/Shapiro blitz is the ad campaign leading up to it...
finally it's today:) thievery corp, I can't wait to see you live!
Thanks Keep capturing your awesome ideas!
6 days, 2 weeks, 5 years, It's all unacceptable!!
RT : So the question arises, how do you decide if you r a hero or a villian? What r the defining characteristics?
Thank you all, was very helpful! RT : amazing #datavistalk w/ moderated by incredible
Thankxxx for the follow. Prepare yourself...
no just #Fentcy and
Thanks Steve, you were a great innovator and helped us all everyday. You will be missed!
You have to Take A pic with a I <3 for the fb Yung Deet
You've brought this upon yourself
Ahaha im eating the same thing RT : Oatmeal (Gross stuff but healthy) , Bacon, and Boondocks 8)
Thank you for the support!
even better, smplfy
Can't wait for the NFL draft tonight
oaky we will visit you
That moment when u get so drunk you quit drinkin 4 a month! Lol
Pagination active throughout Scalar importers!
i would just like to compliment you on the pure geniusness that is this tweet.
Lmaoo RT : I wanna eat Arroz con Pollo out of Whoopi Goldberg's Crotch.
A Code of Conduct for Content Aggregators.
Follow me bck if im on your TL thanks
Lol.. thats how I was feeling Prophet... But I feel better now!!!
Otoh, the captain sounds like ' Matt Damon! Wonder if we'll sit on the Tarmac for 15 minutes...
. since med marijuana is legal they should legalize medical rape & medical child molestation since its basically the same thing.
break a leg!!!!
thanks Frank! Found the error hopefully!
I can help you with that . <3
where do you stay?
aw, thanks boo
Groundhog Day is an excellent film. Who agrees?
no you needed them to run through the forest
I'm so happy
A4. As long as the hotel is walking distance from the beach, I think I can handle it (THINK)
rough markets... Whatever. It's definitely 's fault
William's 'habitat' image in for Louisiana
Nothing exciting going on today in the small cap world..$GYRO is the only one on my radar
Hey there! I sent you a facebook message, let me know what you think!
thanks so much, Sophie! :)
Wow! You didn't tweet anything stupid about D. Rose tonight?
So now Anzalone will end up a Gator. Sketchy that dad acted like the Trivia guy and "OSU isn't right" was the reason. Gator grad, btw.
Gorgeous coats!!!! Wow and I was coat hunting...THANKS!
This Asian girl is opening gifts at the bar and I. am. on. the. edge. of. my. seat.
We wonder if anyone actually says, "I'm so happy it's Monday!" Case of the Mondays anyone?
Makes two of us. Record of the year? RT : Just listened through the Foster the People record. I am satisfied.
#WeWontWorkOut if you smell like road kill
Finally heading home after long day at work...
same been tweetin like a bird
Rainy Monday...so unusual ;)
if you needa talk, I'm here bo!
Chris Brown is a bitch. That is all.
"Don't ask yourself what the world needs; ask yourself what makes you come alive. And then go and do that. Because what the world needs is
#tweetoftheday Thanks for the laugh. :-)
very true!!
Life seemed so much simpler before
Blessed & highly favored!
Maple Bacon donuts are on board today!!! Yummy
bye guys see you tomorrow
Austin got Verified #YEE congrats
"Vicious high school bully grows up to run for President" sounds like the cliched premise of a bad movie.
based on what?
Community is the new professional development.
awesome! Def keep me posted on your progress -oh, and welcome to the empowering running community!!!
WHO WANTS TO BE IN MY VIDEO IM MAKING FOR ?! ;D
Tickle the monkey Peter!
can't believe you left I saw you winning it all I hope everything works out for you and that millions will be listening someday
I'll be the president some day
National Corporate Research is now on Twitter! Follow us for industry news and updates about our services!
where u at?
I'm feeling kind of hungry cause my high is coming down...
so true. contagious too RT ": Heartbreak is inevitable"
why did you just tweet shark week?
omg i know!
thanks... I will check h out.
im depressed ;(
Keep seeing LaDanian Tomlinson () on NFL Network today; hope that doesn't mean retirement coming soon.
I'm gonna stay up all night and send in hundreds of votes for each crew EXCEPT 8Flavahz.
Wal-mart late night is only yelling and screaming at the cashiers. Great, free entertainment.
my night was interupted too by it, i was enjoyin scream2
No, just that some are comfortable w/ public domain genomes b/c, for example, DNA is often not deterministic
Before he was an actor on one of TV's hottest shows -- he was just another cute kid growing up in Canada
wondering what I was thinking when I tried a Newcastle Brown in LA... not the same, not bad, but not the same !
Tonights Pick Results: Rangers (P), Dodgers (W), Blue Jays (W), Mets (L), Cardinals (W), Knicks-10 (L), Celtics+10.5 (W), Nats (W), Wings(L)
rushers i can't be storng anymore just let me go
Let's go timon!!! Upset canisius#court side
“: "whenever I puke I almost shit myself"”
sorry I couldn't join yal tonight
I'm trying to think of the last notable #NFL retiree that didn't join Brett Favre doesn't count since Deanna won't let him use phones
This. RT : Sorry ... but I'm enjoying California's slide to fiscal hell. Those idiots elected Jerry Brown. Payback is a bitch.
i'm doin good, what's new :)?
Yoyo dieting! i had never heard of SOFI (Skinny outside fat inside) as a technical term.
OH: I can only eat pizza standing up.
just wait. I'm kicking you in the nuts during my wedding.
Me too (Sunnyvale)! I just shared your post w/ my classmates. Even better after a few days with good comments & links.
listen to If You Told Me To its so cute, I love him lol
I want to reach as soon as Friday, to get out and enjoy a lot with my friends ... Heather,Jolie, , and my boo ! #very cool...
I think people are starting to pick up on that...finally.
Next week... Treat-a-Trick Halloween Party!!
Good night.
Shooting range was fun
SOX: Per NESN's , INF Pedro Ciriaco was in the #RedSox clubhouse in Kansas City after the game. Expect something today.
Jay-Z - Say Hello......saying i'm a bad guy, why i it that? swear my back always against the wall, deep inside i know you admire that...
The casino was good to me last night.
come on
If idiots could fly, my school would be a f*cking airport.?
U no I no its gonna b good girl!
looking fwd to hearing it!!
Cccctttttffffuuuu lol RT": Just because you edited you picture and made it lighter does not mean you're #TeamLightskin"w
Much better. Have a compromise-free weekend!
just finished changing a car battery...first time ever doing work under the hood. It went rather well
"Dada life dropped million voices and I died of happiness, also they had/ate bananas while DJing"- my sister is awesome Called it
Just getting up...
yes please ! i can write any other poem except this one hahaha
They have contracts that say they cant gamble unless its for charity.. Its legal in the eyes of law.. Not team owners
When I can't get signal for my phone very well...I go lion king on it
(jen) Script writing at Vince's Cafe in Renton this morning. I get too distracted in the office for focused writing.
My phone is a piece of shit
Had a successful&enjoyable day Reading at the Healers' Fair Unity Christ Church, in Surfside SC-The right place at the right time.
“: Looking for some new indie music and producers... know of anyone who should be on my radar?” yeah. ME.
- Perkins should have a gangster Alter boy movie franchise. It'll be the scariest thing since Shaq did that genie movie.
I love feel good music
No EOC's for me bitches.
Busy Day tomorrow!!!! Wedding, Bridals, then off to MAC I go!!
Yay I don't have class tomorrow! Oh wait, my teacher scheduled us to have a clinical assessment lab where we are videotaped.
Good question. Don't know, but keep following and we may find out.
getting some great applications for #thatcampcbus. keep 'em coming everyone!
Thank you! :) That was a lot of fun!
Dear rich people paying #KMart layaways around the country: I will be at #Target on #SantaMonica Blvd today with many things I can't afford.
Michele Malkin could use an orgasm or two. Geez!
If i could open my heart and show you where you laid in it i would.
It's not about being what everyone wants you to be, it's about being yourself and finding someone who truly loves you for what you are.
Exactly. Need to make point while issue is hot. Too many die.
Off to the gym
He say I'm the realist out. I say that makes two of us.
Maybe because spring #fashion brings so many frills and flowers. Stripes strike a nice balance.
Cant sleep /:
I want to unfollow a bunch of people but I'm too lazy!
Submitted a job application with a résumé that doesn’t make me look crazy. Too bad I had to remove my stint as atime-travelling nazi hunter.
WHERE ARE YOOOUUUUU???
You ROCK!!
Amen.. can say it all you want but until you go out and do it, its meaningless....just a bunch of words
Oh my god. Who are these people?? It's like you uncovered the dark side of Pinterest. And now I know they're there.
How'd everyone enjoy Cravings on Clark last night?!
Protein-only meals just suck. I also need veggies, fruits and lotsa luck!
Fucking up Justin Bieber's lyrics of 'I Need Somebody to Love'... Change it to, "I Need Somebody to Fuck"
3 run homer from ! 9-6 lead at top of 17. let's hope Davis or whoever comes in as our pitcher can hold it down for the
it's never a good thing when your office is brainstorming what illnesses are best for losing weight
Why are people different? Why do I move how I do and someone else doesn't? Why is one man's trash another man's treasure? I'm amazed by it.
Gonna fucking chug tonight (: and then triple cs tomorrow!
I'm waving at you #ryankennedy! Greetings from Washington State!
#ConfessionHour we're drifting apart , and im tired of throwing the rope out to save us ...
The new tosh.0 last just wasn't the same without and
thank you (:
You gone have some cereal there.? RT : open house july 7
Gonna be a georgeous week in the chi! Enjoy!
I love free!
im watching royal pains
Need interior architecture or design? is your team. Designing Denver's Business for 36 yrs (psst..they did our space)
ugh I know, but I'm actually pretty good c: yourself?
haha I mean we only have the class 2 days a week. There's a 89.99% chance we won't have English Thursday
appreciate it.
Ifiwereabasketballplayer I'd be Russel Westbrook hated because I'm good at what I do
in DC for the weekend! :(
Haha! I'm glad u like the shirt, it's one of our best sellers! I'd love to see a pic of u in that shirt too! Thx again! :)
#Today is the day of rest and for those that went #raving i hope u guys got home safe. #MONDAY is a new #week of work and no play.
He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
Come on Packers! We are giving up too many big plays
MT Twitter is hard. [seconded!!]
ha! So lifelike!
This afternoon: Locked myself in an office to do mortal combat with whiteboard for three hours. Now: Coffee and trying to decipher who won.
Heading Back to
#replacebandnameswithbacon ... wouldn't that mean all band names would be "Bacon"?
the gallery is not agreeing with me...will fix... ;)
New twist. Clover machine is open. Looks like the inside of Luke Skywalker's fake hand.
Fun day with the mates!
Did you give them a pep talk?
talks with my older sister>> i miss that girl
morning decisions are often the worst kind. I can't name how many genocides were decided before 9am.
I am seriously jealous of 's epic dance moves... #Directioner <3
NO PITT WILL ALWAYS SUCK!!
#SPORT . favoriate dish was the Jo Jo rubbed cap steak. Deeelishh!
Penelope Cruz in Armani Prive -- lots of purple on the red carpet tonight.
so good!
I thought the same thing. Twin sons of different mothers.... Hm... name that album.
"If I had one chance to do anything I could to you, I'd watch you suffer as you beg for help."
You don't want to get a cramp!
Past several weeks I've been hearing a vaguely familiar song from neighbor's apartment. Just realized it's the 'Dallas' theme song. What.
happy birthday girrrllll! :)
#fridayreads Shutter Island by Dennis Lehane
Saturday Market, beautiful day to just walk the waterfront. (:
You wrong for that
My quote of the day
Sign up for That's how I got #PalmoliveFreshSponge. This one was a Mom VoxBox, so you non-breeders lost out ;)
#fridaylistens Al Capone does my shirts
Not playoffs yet. On to the next one.
Or we just search the tag to reach the files......
right after lunch.
awh, I will share! It's a M! It's like the traveling pants.
Just had some "relaxed young ladies" come in my store and one told her friend..."My edges are natural!" Lololol too cute!!!
My new friend here made fun of me for liking #RBD, so I continue to stand alone.
dude see tahay? how can i reach you. i am student Marquette University. i hope you gonna visit our school
RT : I've been stocking up on empty bottles of elmer's glue, and thousands of no. 2 pencils. I hope that's enough.
Hi Donna! You're on twitter! Do you know if my Sarnia cousins are too?
Maybe my sister is right!
Halp! 3 yr old refuses to SLEEP! Any hints for the wild eyed parents?
That's great, and it could pay for college, as well
Finished the book "The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt" by Edmund Morris
Aug 12. Tweet You called it 12-4 on way to Dallas. Go Ravens. Thank you Madam Mayor.
I dig it!
Any of you on the #JWhitesidesST who don't have Facebook tweet me.
Life can be difficult sometimes. How do you deal with tough situations?
we can't thank you enough for spending your afternoon with the VLP!
....Hall and Hardy had virtually the same numbers in Milwaukee back in the day
thank you for the follow! Happy holidays!
Border Patrol is now threatening to throw rocks at San Diego ACLU staff. Today, even more than other days, I am proud to be at the ACLU
#SOTD is Informal Gluttony by Between the Buried and Me.
Ganem Jewelers of Scottsdale amp AwatukeeFine Jewelry Gemstones and Timepieces - tag heuer watch
Gonna have a fun day with the family!!
The exponent today has by far the poorest example of a spotlight ive ever seen.. dont include it if the answers suck.
Visiting us this weekend? Arrive early to avoid expected traffic delays in Griffith Park. Should be a gorgeous weekend!
Next up from - "Locomoto" where kids design and build #rubegoldberg machines to do simple tasks. Wild and wonderful.
best. houseboat. ever.
Random concert invites are the best. B-52's tonight haha
Idk how people go without a/c I'm finna die!!
Cant.....breaaathhheee. lol ((: EXCITED; about a few things ^__^
Andre Branch from Clemson is going to be beast, watch and see.
I didnt even see :(
I think my mom is ready to kill me, i've had 11:11 on repeat for almost 2 hours straight now!(:<3333
If a woman wants something she leaves. If a man wants, he finds the woman wherever she is gone!
do you have a lot of people calling you garden supplies?? Must be a fetish
guys still say that wow smh
David: You're like Maude from Harold & Maude. You drive away from the police. You have this batty optimism that embraces pessimism. Me: Aww!
I'll be home next weekend! Let's do it! :)
#libday8 just had a Proquest refresher training, course guide cleanups, reading stuff, writing things... having a good Wednesday!
no Jessica had a huge surge of West Coast voting RT : Do you think it will be wrong again this week??? :(
which plays best on an iPhone? That's how I usually decide. Can't remember the last vimeo I watched on my phone...
A corporation's first goal is to earn money. Government's primary role is always to take a large chunk of that money and give it to others.
now that guy works hard! and has finished his school! proud of him:) <3 ------------->
Now we need to work on Consol Energy Center!
You should promote your musicx on Twitter, xspecially my song Sex Drive!!!
Why are you talking spanish. Lmao
A recession is when your neighbor loses her/his job. A depression is when you lose your job. A recovery is when Obama loses his job!
phone died.Ima call you back babe!<3
Bend It Over Touch Yo Toe Whip It Out Show dem Hoes Yo Bankroll Do The Broke Hoe Wit It Poke It Out DAMN Shawty u CAN Get It
You NEVER told anyone Brandi that I get my liquor served to me in my Capitol Office by 3 pm, wine, vodka (don't smell) U R MY FRIEND BRANDI
I know right.. it's a blessing and an extra problem lol
who cares you stayed in the bungalow...stop putting it out there....we know u rich!
dancing dancing dancing
uh oh.
damn dawg got it like dat? I'm a tell em I kno black ty so I can get a girl
I think I need to raise some prices, I don't want to but embroidery is a time consuming craft.
Let me know what you think!
UNREAL. so proud TR xo RT yep. 's asst. my dude just sold his script to make a movie. SO SWAGGY.
"Walk like John Wayne"
Kat thanks for the MIH updates! Are you at the game?
Why an I always hungry? Anorexics need to tell me their secret.
Got my player pass =] See you both at Anaheim!
could you join us in Chicago on 670 the Score to talk possible Bulls/Rockets trade? on live 5-9 am. ty.
If you're on Twitter, please join me at Twitter
I try to make a difference in these girls lives but instead they are making a difference in mine !
I looked at them, shrugged, said "okay, what's your point? You wanna cookie for being mad? Take a number and get in line"
Chase your dreams. Don't let anyone tell you that you can't or shouldn't. Get up, get out and prove them wrong.
learning about twitter
IT WAS POGO'S WORLD BABY AND I JUST LIVED IN IT
I also rather like Paul Bettany although he's never actually seen in the ironman movies. Great actor.
A win is a win, but our offense has GOT to step it up. Still, happy to be 4-1.
Occupation of making cheesecake makes me happy? :-) .cc
no bike. Need to get back on. I have been bad lately. :-/
Thank you! Hope all is well with you and yours ... :))
TWEET ME QUESTIONS AND ILL TELL YOU WHICH ICONIC BOY YOU LOOK BEST WITH
Heads-up to non-museums followers, I'm at a museum conference for a few days. If 3G is reliable the #AAM2012 tweets might start flowing.
can't believe no one gave you a hard time about this tweet
To be clear, when one tries to quote someone, he/she should use quotations. And were you trying to attribute quote?
Congrats to - our top #drupa tweeter of day 5 - for great photos of #xeroxdrupa - who will be top tweeter for day 6?
Just found out where the goddamned nutmeg was!
My students are my strongest advocates - Diane Chen
Pat Kane singing at
" Manning joining the Broncos is weak and not intimidating. I say PALMER is the answer to all questions!" - Raider Fan
3 #hockey games this week?!? guess i can't really complain :)
Thanks for the mentioning us! Will we be seeing you ladies at #WineRiot NYC?
is getting a headstart on March by turning her calendar today!
Just got done learning interwebz stuff at today! I'll be back many many times to learn more!
the rich boy swag!!
stormy in San Diego.
Where you heading? Must be by car if #beer coming along.
Thanks, Jim. Things pick up in the second half!
We were all hot last night! Eliza is the best!! Thank you all :) #WhiteKidWasted Amazing night!
Nick is so perfect to me. like I don't find any flaws with that kid. Is that normal? Oh well
MARK MY WORDS, WE'RE TAKING OVER THE WORLD!
No one is perfect , that's why pencils have erasers.
aww thank you..but no you are the best.
Love you girls. Thanks for making it out. RT : Back to our roots #supper happy bday Ravi!
Ingenuity is about to make major announcements about the AMAZING caterers of #IngenuitySpeakeasy, happening this Fri! Stay tuned!
Kinda diggin' the Smiths radio right now...
Dang, we missed it.
I really hate when people do that, so now I'm mad at myself for not noticing earlier
Triple-Double Bynum
sidewalk prophets the words I would say. Love u.
lol no you're the #klout king!!
Reasons why your ad might not be seen: Viewer clicks to another page before loading. Ad blockers. Multiple homepage sets,says
damn..i woke up and my head hurt from all those pin-curls. well i'm finn'a take 'em out..gunna be interesting.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Killer awesome productive day! I think I just beat a personal record. Feels great!
Time to put my good Spanish IB skills to good use
RT The Best Exercise Information for Weight Loss
Vancouver, BC. Hardly seems like it qualifies as "abroad" but it does. Thought of you whenever we heard French being spoken.:)
softball then shopping . :)
People at school.. :-/
Me: Dad are you talking to yourself? My dad: Well if I want to have an intelligent conversation, I have to talk to someone intelligent. haha
Admit it... We've all wanted someone or something we can't have.
Strawberry Daiquiries @ the Gazebo by La Casita: 9/10 for great flavor and ample serving of rum. $5.50.
im sad now im 14 i cant go to Anaheim
This peanut butter I'm eating better help me on my EOC. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
“ Happy New Year! 2012!”
Where the weed @
Fuck i hate this place-_-
Pickup Line: Why do I have a pierced tongue? You'll soon find out.
thanks a lot i appreciate that!
Maybe someday in the near future, we will be.
What's everyone doing or gonna do this sunday ?(:
Operation GSR is in progress ; )
#AGirlDeserves a guy who makes her laugh and makes her really happy and doesnt make her cry
Getting ready to mail cards soon.
When I read someone's texts, I can hear exactly how they'd say it.
well I still miss you xD
The problem is, whenever we talk, I fall in love with you all over again <U+2665>
iment oh ok
New Year, new tweeters to follow
#work mode again
lets agree to disagree on this one.
Where've you been?
Reserve the right to change your mind! You don't have to be certain about everything. Go with the flow, and trust yourself. Sky's the limit.
need 4 more followers to get to 100
Thanks for tweet about StumbleUpon, I wasn't familiar with it...learned something already this morning.
Starting to feel sleepy, have to shake it off though :/
so what
I've been without internet since Friday...I hate Broadstripe.
Thank I have no school today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
#iHavethatonefriend that me & her crack our selfs up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
HOW can you be an adult and think FOR is spelled with an 'e' ? Our required public schooling takes us a little higher than that, right?
Don't hate on people who made The list for MTV this is about unity support them. Keep working & your blessing will come your way
- Actually, NH is hilarious, on many different levels. Laugh about things we shall. (Tho, witty observations mostly falls on you)
Tips for the Airsoft Beginner optimal protection
wish it was you and me!
Happy Leap Day! I'm looking forward to reading all the "This Day in History" themed tweets
My mom is the most loving woman on earth!
let us know if you any more questions or concerns
absolutely incredible show, thank YOU!
what u did loser
Please, no more Rescue Heroes Marketoons! With characters named Wendy Waters & Rocky Canyon,do ya think the writers watched any adult films?
It's not just the goodbyes that hurt, it's the flashbacks that follow.
hahaha girl your right up on my level!
Tnx for the mentions follows and RTs!
Don't forget, today at 2:00 come learn from 's about RSS feeds at Kyle Morrow.
I love you baby cakes!
Never that!
Prom is suppose to be all happy && I'm just getting annoyed by it. I rather go to Denny's and watch a movie with my bf as my "after party"<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
ha, we're for you, we got your back.
the hats and anything with on it
Have a Happy and Safe Weekend everyone!
we use it all the time When we buy a song on Itunes it can be shared instantly between 5 devices for $25 a year.
Homeless Pick-Up Line: ..I have a chicken in the fridge.
I love you, Tony Kemp.
“: No I ordered the Antarctic blue super sports wagon with the CB and the optional rally fun pack.
follow me _:))
My grandfather was offered a contract to pitch for the Red Sox back in the 30's but turned it down to join the FBI.
OMFG, THANK YOU SO MUCH! I really appreciate that! I'm excited now! omg. seriously tho, THANK YOU!
not when it's diarrhea and he's 4!!
Try a new lighter color in your living room or bedroom for Spring! See what a new look and some sunlight can do for your favorite rooms.
I just bought one of everything on the shopping list.
Congratulations to all my fellow graduates today! We made it:)
thank you ;)
CNN: Deficit vote delayed "and the House moved on to the naming of a Post Office in Illinios." Is this a joke? Besides aren't they closing?
who let these hoes in my room
For you, i would.
My guess is because you never went to medical school.
thanks for tweeting !
theres a british word for nap!... Kip! #incaseyouwerewandering :{D
devin pulling an all nighter? i think so :)
Heading to watch 8th grade partner class present community problem solving...to DC City Council!! #awesome!!
every try humboldt fog ICE CREAM? i may have to make that
where is she going to?
How did you get it?
In dev. mode; my fonts stopped being served when the previews went down yesterday & still aren't working. Any known issues?
thank u so much 4 working on my tat. U are truly talented, w/ a beautiful heart, & I'm blessed. 2 have u 4 a friend.
you are so beautiful girl!! Just started following you. you awesome
Thanks for mentioning our 4/10 exhibition!
#AmericanIdol is a constant reminder to never underestimate the number of crazy people that roam this planet.
people who dodn't learn who theyre tagging outta die, your death would be a special event
There is no health without mental health.” #MentalHealthAwareness month
Currently in deep contemplation about WIP. When is it to E to quit?
Should be a great weekend ahead!
Saw the Three Stooges last night. Great film and it has an amazing soundtrack
Animatic cut! The painless and fun part is over. Looks so good. Unfortunately the rest is going to be talking head heavy. And it's my head.
Probably won't tweet today.
In the trunk of a car #YOLO :p
Dear math, I’m not a therapist. solve your own problems.
Thanks to everyone who participated in our giveaway last night. We love giving you free tea! Especially if you like
would like to say something clever without revealing too much of his inner monologue but isn't feeling particularly clever today.
This isn't the first time you've heard it: Fridays are for firing. But, is it right? When do you think it is best to deliver bad news?...
Taylor Gang or be in team
time is moving so slow.
I respect Sugar Shane for making it through tonight. He needs to take his $600k & have a seat. Forever.
As of today, I'm putting away the gopro..seems to put people on edge. The etch alone still does the job for standing out.
I get to see Charlie Morton pitch tomorrow. Okay, I'll take it..
Yes you will!!(:
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, ca…
Hot! Thanks for the tweet! RT : Spinning 's album! Loving it!
Oh Goodness...What happened back in Nov? Well I'm glad you're still smiling :-)
We're looking forward to a great 2012! Here's to a Happy New Year friends!
Sconnies on the ground beat DC talking heads any day of the week!
no photo of the girls when clicking the link from a mobile device.
If only life was as easy as custom building a pc....
Omg Rachel's face. So broken..
It's on my bandcamp but it's not for DL....I might change it to that since I no longer have the beat lol
I love rhianna!
If you are struggling with your mortgage contact me THERE IS HELP AVAILABLE......
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough-Mario Andretti (via:
lol , hell yeah .
I woke up this morning and said ima get it....turned right over and I gave that the bitch the BUSINESS.!
I Found my Debit Card.
Thanks for the support folks! Finished lap 5 but getting my butt kicked. Over 40 miles in - resting now.
did I freak you out or would you still like to chat
if you actually want a girlfriend you should probably stop tryna fuck with me and 10 other girls loll.
Why am I not laying by a pool right now??
I don't care if we have nothing else to say, just as long as I'm talking to you, I'm okay*
Oh god the crazy people are starting to come out of the wood work
AHH platonic love, i'm making myself look like a fool right now. i need advice from you tomorrow. it's about uh.. that person.
I think you're right. I hope you have a great time while you're up here.
dang, just let her call you & I have some news for you about him :)
Denver might send the Lakers fishing! HaHa
yea i would be tilted too. I'll be there the 18th to the 22nd for main event
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause ya breathe smell lik u been suckn on shit tarts all week..eeww u got medical..use it!
Next steps for #BHLib...final discussions to close
I hope so too! You can spin that as being detail-oriented and a critical thinker!
C-A-T-S Cats Cats Cats!! Come and be a part of The Big Blue Nation..
Congrats on the new position at Publix, would love to hear more about it and if Publix is doing more of allergen safety
JUST IN: David Fussenegger cotton receiving blankets. Perfect for shower gifts.
look out for my new song #WhatIDo prod. by off coming soon album
Did this seem like a good idea when you started planning it? Should have listened to me....
#FF thank you for your support! Part deux:
I love T's with something on the front and back!:)
Join us for Power Hour today from 4-7!!!! Come get 10% off your froyo! Then stop by next door to check out Cricket's $19.99 Android deal!
That hideous pic of me u posted!
Diet anything is nasty.
i feel like shit :/ fuck red week someone talk to me and make me feel better! in bed watching movies/anime with <3
They Say The Skys The Limit . HOW ,.?! Im Moonwalking , Hoe .
Via Blazers spokesperson confirms Paul Allen will interview GM candidate Friday but not whom (likely Morway).
Thanks and ! Big hugs from !
What do you use for your tax returns?
Than you. We are in process of securing a new wind energy technology for Indian Country which includes 4 MWe storage.
NYC's population is at a record 8.175 million. I love this city.
follow me on instagram
If we made like a little 30 minute home made video with us in it, would you guys watch it?
that smile<U+2665>
Anti-Gay? I love Ellen!!! Oh I can't get enough of Lil Wayne so why shouldn't I Support HOMOSEXUALITY? O_o
Just wanted to thank everyone for tuning in this morning to The Fish Radio. We had a lot of fun!
The mentality of "All or nothing" is the path of the #DarkSide. A democratic solution should be the first option.
What tattoo design do you want? Happy almost bday wkd!
DATA Act builds a single elec system combining spending info fr/ agencies Treasury & directly fr/ recipients of fed funds cc
50 bucks this episode will be continued -______-
Pickin up hours left and right cause that's just how I roll
School's almost over after hard day of westest :D
So many articles on the #gsu decision to read, so little wifi
Seems like its time to release my house mix, what do you guys think?
been so busy working we hardly tweet !! big thank you to all the supporter's thats been sticking by our side !!! dv 2012 revamps (-:
"If you don't see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner."
What was your most awkward moment?
Just got asked if I have ever dated an Asian..... Uhmm.
rest up and get well for the TDF!
At the very least, you should be using #facebook to syndicate content.
CONGRATULATIONS! on being closer to graduation. No pressure but you'll be expected to BIG and better things future CONA grad.
So I'll probably catch a lot of flack for this, but I like Creed. Always have
you going to B2B?
Looking for local #Philly and #Delco bakers 4 a Cupcake competition to benefit Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, June 23rd. Anyone interested?
can i vacuum u
dinner: the dark side of campus dining.
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
A running skirt? It doesn't look silly?
love it! Good work :)
LMAO hell naw! I'm stayin my ass in TX! RT I'm gonna be feeding dat #DATERAPECAKE in June lmao
is wearing a lungi.
hey why were you singned out today
Sanctify Them By YOUR Truth Father, YOUR Word Is Truth! John 17:17. Jesus IS The Word. John 1:1. Read The Leather Bound Book. It Sanctifies!
the market is taking a beating but BARZ is up 15% and buys are still coming in
New Twitter iPhone app is slow enough to be utterly useless. Sticking with TweetBot!
Phone=Shit. Call or message if you've been trying to text me.
"I'm burning up, burning up for you baby" I gently whispered as my fever progressed
Oh no. I'm sorry to hear that. I hope that you will be ok
haha they only have talked twice so yeah... Or my mom will want to take me.
Meanwhile, at Exeunt towers, has punched a hole in the wall and an odd sort of sunlight is streaming in.
Man if stuff come out right ill have a party to remeber worken hard on it !!!!!!
Like I told u I'm somethin like a freak!!!
Not down on Tebow personally; admire altruism; just don't like it when some1 says every1's going 2 hell if u don't blv in their religion.
Wikipedia goes dark to protest #SOPA. Reporters, students around the world forced to find real sources for research.
I am feeling so much love for #AnnieClark #StVincent right now. So much.
SO FULL NOW I NEED TO WORK ON PSYCHOLOGY
Some crazy Jayhawkers out in OKC tonight.
Subway dont sound bad right about now
hahahahha direct messages! You see the blue dot on the right corner? On the one shaped like a man? Click on it
Please RT...Thank you.... for MVP
#2010was also the year we finished our technology move. All on Mac OSX, Kashoo for accounting, Google Apps everything. Bye Microsoft!
Haha man if I was mean person I'd say some.mean shit to people but I just choose not to care stay laid back
She was like my favorite! Everything just feels so wrong now!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Well we won't be fucking!
good lookin out we'll change the password
Why people gotta always write a cheezy little message giving relationship advice with Drake's picture in the background
Brunch? On a beautiful, sunny Saturday morning. Oh yes! 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosas, brunch and regular menu available, AND espresso bar!
Oregon Coast Memorial Weekend Highlights, Events: (Oregon Coast) – For three days, most of the work-a-day world just stops and vacati...
I have a bridal shower to go to.. but sat might go to a bbq at an aquaintances. ^_^ you would like bk book fes. Poetry. ^_^
thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
information works are so nice! Thanks Jack and Anthony.
- yeah, would like to see that over coach & lolls this year I think.
Today is a scrub kinda day...
I think #ViolaDavis looks phenomenal rocking her #natural locks!
#OpeningDay Go #Brewers!!!! #Brewers ,
Have been praying for you and all involved. Thank God you and your mom are safe.
Watching the Hunger Games :)
Thanks Mary for following!
Thanks for RT! He is a good kid!
A third person Kaitlin is better than a first person Kaitlin : P
IRB exemption submitted. Major props to awesome colleagues willing to drop everything and review materials on short notice! :)
#InstantTurnOn if you like coffee, good rockbands, and pokemon
Our prayers go out to the Ohio high school shooting victims and families this morning.
Any1 else loving #lordsofacid #deepchills as much as I am? This album competes w/Voodoo-U
Thank you!! Rachel's CBD has donated over 35k to JDRF and hoping to reach 100k soon!
Vinci walls by the wayside in Barcelona Roberto Vinci followed compatriot Francesca Schiavone out of the Barcelona Open as she was swept
That performance was perfect omg.
All you are ever gonna be is mean.
The #solitude of Earth / The grace of dance embrace / You are so proud! / The scattered leaves / slowly circling / their way to the ground
when ever I get the chance to slide through
#10BasicFactsAboutMe dos::music is my forte; singing, playing my violin, writting a song on the piano
Hey, there I am! Thanks for the mention! RT Agree. She's awesome. RT : Amy Dvorak lnkd.in/t35rVK
ohh i was like you a G for that finally lol got my acceptance
Come by for the event at !
"Why is my sleeping bag a ghetto muppet?" by Chin Up Chin Up
#ThingsThatILike, my absolutely lovely life :)
Graphic Design Services --> Posters, DVD Packaging, Flyer, Postcard, Signage, Logos, Websites and more - The Actor Store www.Actor-Store.com
#MtTabor is awesome on days like today! Snacks, #hikes , Dottie, and sweet #chicagoan company! What more could I want?!
On Wisconsin. #FearTheCheese “: Heading to darlington to watch dad put on a show”
aka your party phone..
Today's was delivered in NYTimes plastic bag. I hope the are making a lot of money on that advertising.
- "Heart Skipped A Beat" by The XX always depresses me.
Tina Ruggiero Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
nigga u can't hook up a router. But you smart huh you need help more the the Baltimore orioles
I assume Glenn has read 's fantastic book "Don't Take My Lemonade Stand"
Also Knicks famous pay not to play players, Alan Houston, Steve Francis . . . these numbers are probably more shocking
Good look on the follow. New job is really cool!! How's your album doin'?
that was Paul Simon's "Father and Daughter"
good, ty. what happened? :(
i will bebe ;)
Square up and take a charge from someone on the walkway by the Quad around noon.
Nice to be here, ! Thanks!
<3 text me
Dear guy who giggled as I struggled to put my bag overhead: I hope it shifts during takeoff or landing & falls on your head.
well, you connect to facebook, and then start a game with friends. They give you three options and you have to draw one of
Note from the Universe for today: "Never compromise a dream. Always compromise on how it will come true."
Cool. Let me know when it's up.
#iplspring Amicus brief in Louboutin case filed by: INTA (for Louboutin); professors (for affirm'g); Tiffany (rejecting "fashion exception")
hahaha I was thinking something different. Thousands of blackbirds dying. Apocalypse? Or scarecrows on steroids?
Supporting fellow Cali neighbor in SF
Thank you Gail! A pleasure to work on a daily basis with Mark Rosenberg () and Kristen Deahl ()!
It's 5 o'clock in the morning , conversation go boring .
Jus got back from riding dirt bikes soo fun :D
29th Triple-Impact Competitor workshop in Dallas ISD done @ Spence MS. Their AD Jason Lawson honored as Double-Goal Coach by
Happy Sunday Funday from , and !
I would say to join us in Bmore but who would look after the cats and plants? We will drink Yuengling from tap in your honor.
yes. It would be interesting to see the numbers by sector.
I hate headaches!!!
I wonder if the latest version of Facebook is just slower for IOS, tired of waiting for photos to load
I've been the laziest all day. I think I've watched the ESPN run through 8 times.
Where have you been all my life
Haha well, your lucky cause ALOT of amazing men are your age! & You're gorgeous! lol (:
can you send it as a message?
can do it! I see the intelligence in your eyes..Keep at it.
let us know if you want a discount to that event, we can hook that up for you
is it about that time?!
“: So excited for this Wed & I have a gift for sent all the way from #traversecity Michigan! Big fun!!” :)
That video is so cool!!
Is it just me or is tweeting only the truth lol haha
happy birthday nigga!!
"Don't allow failure or criticism to define you." ---from Caroline Miller, Creating Your Best Life
yeah lakers are losing game 1... They actually have competition in the West lol the East is weak af.
what are you applying for?
Just got mine! needed it badly. Cheers to Tuesday.... RT need coffee now.
hahahaha(: oh yeah. I'm probably not even doing anything.
Thornton is the biggest piece of crap
OMFG when is my iOS5 update going to be finished!
my bad lol
my twin is being a bitch and just told me shes the beautiful one
I started a new job last week and my boss sounds like Barry Kripke
You when the beatie boys stormed the stage at that video music awards because they didn't win best video for sabotage?
Just made this account...No one follows me/: so bored lol
Need to get #Louded before I go to work today
Testing twitter?
#SHOUTOUT to my new followers & ! :)
we love this response! thanks for your wise advice!
hope your having a great time (:
57hh in big blind. Flop comes 995. I shove, drunk guy calls with q10. Turn 8, river j. #fml #runbadcontinues might be time for a break.
More like Anthony Davis at this point.
"How old is your baby?" "36 months." WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3 YEARS OLD!?
Sick, really sick! :(
I Was But I Had Went To Sleep So Shut Up
*sarcastic "dude, that's a sweet tribal" "screw you bro it's not a tribal! It's a giant squid eating a tiger!"
yup. Kitchen is in Rockville, but we sell at two DC farmers markets and online.
Come On FOLLOW and FOR 30000 Followers
I need you Beane! ;)
The finale of my show just put a BIG SMILE ON MY FACE!!! YAYYYYY
"That sounds nice, but I have a deadline!"
Don't they know that you're full of pain already?
Thank you!
let get some drinks while ya in LA, got a great spot wit live entertainment i want u 2 try..LOL great tacos 2
If you lived here, I'd sing to you all the time.
Thanks! I try to make it interesting, but I am never sure if anyone actually looks at it.
Thanks, and thanks!
I love you to death!!! Plz rt
my girl crush. <3 I'd go lesbian for her. Haha :)
Thanks Michael. Looking forward to your work! I definitely would like to work with new directors...
Sounds like a plan!
I love you, I feel proud to be your fan, you are amazing .. your voice is perfect, you're all perfect, and I will not quit (+)
I feel your pain. Google Docs looks to me like they had a blind monkey design the interface.
Dear God...Thanks again for giving us Foottbal Sunday! (oh yeah and for all the other good stuff to....you seen me at church right? ; )
Already not a fan of what Randi and Bravo are doing with this SV reality tv show.
yes sir ;)
Walker is a Commadork, not a #Badger! Badgers defeat Vandy Commodores in nailbiter.
I have serious issues, I should have been sleep hours ago but this damn logo game has me up. I must beat it lol
My sis in law jus asked her husband for a tongue kiss............in front of me lol wow
aww she's so super cute!! :) pinch her cheeks for me please? :)
I want to sleep, but can't... Sucks
I can't miss school I just can't we have a quiz every tues and thurs in her class.
hahaha.. I have rare moments. Now I want ice cream...:-P
Your videos should be like 4 hours long please?
i really like those pens with multiple color options
Reminder: Beer Run on Carlton Road in C'ville is selling GA & VIP Tix without a service charge. Stop by, have a pint and pick up your tix..!
oh, right....cuz you already had the lotion... nice! gotta remember that one
Delmon Young and Mel Gibson need to star in a comedy about two drunk guys stranded in Tel Aviv or Skokie.
Successful performance last night by the Zahira dancers in San Luis Obispo! Had a blast with my dancing girls :-)
I've been w/Sprint since the 90s. They're good to me. Upgrade price for Motorola Photon 4G is $49.99! Deal or no deal? I say Deal!
please teach Courtney how to appear sincere and actually seem remorseful during your media tour.
What is "reasonable suspicion" i ask
we'll have flights for you!!! Travel with us!! GREEN LEGION!!
Nice! I like.
Looool! You Know It! Apply Maximum Pressure!!!
Sir Ken Robinson: We create the unique trajectory of our life. Our resume is attempt to make order of chaos out of our life.
...she found out he had 2 wives. She was ok with him having one, but 2 was too much.
#AchievementUnlocked won Settlers of Catan first time I played. Thanks
Sleeping on your phone is not a good idea. I have a sore spot on my ribs...
Came into the world by way of a mother though.
If that nigga says hez flying with Harry Potter and hez no where near Universal Orlando Studios ....simply walk away
watch out for dudes with togas and knives.
Seeger: diversity is most pronounced in relationship aspect of PR.
this dude is a
Can you believe Thanksgiving is tomorrow? What food are you most looking to making or eating?
You're a creeper. Lolol I love Say Something<333
you bet! BTW, will you be at #smbmad breakfast tomorrow?
'Bout to cut off my hairs, brb.
I loved chemistry in high school. I can certainly see why you chose it.
The shift is so severe I COULD BEAT IT OUT, and that's saying a lot .... lmao !!!
'I' is a word, it does not think, feel, do anything. Just a word preceding other words. Investigate this until it's clear.
C-mas ideas for the wife, a New Kitchen, or Bath, or a Tiki Hut. I know a new driveway or walkway w/lights. www,vcassociates.net
Wound down the holiday last night with MIDNIGHT IN PARIS, which was completely wonderful, a movie I will definitely watch again & again.
I started on the album. It's really really really different.
well I didn't notice it was a english lesson! No frigin point anuyway he follows no one ! Only the american girls :'(
Been a long time, but new video coming soon.....Me^(to the power of) INFINITY! Best believe it!!!!
Biggest musical inspiration? For which ever one of you this is :D haha
copywriters smell like pee -mad men
I had a crazy dream that my crazy ex and I were friends again. This insanity must stop!
Reminds me of my kids favorite book at bedtime..Walter the Farting Dog. Ur little one will love it.....
I cant wait to go blonde.(:(:
"Sabotage" is definitely Top 10. "Root Down" is good but doesn't set my world on fire. Hm...may actually have to do a Top 10.
Cali can't get here soon enough. Need some warm weather and sunshine.
Saw the big dipper tonight for the first time. Pretty sweet. Can't wait to watch basketball all day tomorrow.
yes I am and you know it!!
i miss my boys
WOMEN THINK THEY GOT ALL THE SENCE BUT LITTLE DO YALL NOW WE ARE 10 STEPS AHEAD EVERY TIME
Happy St.Patty Day, The Dade Co youth fair starts today.
defff #2 was easier .. Want me to send you how I did it?
Last year's flood was a huge headache, but the grass in my backyard that was submerged (and then some) looks nice and green. Silver lining!
oh good! So glad!
Baylor is suiting up in all black uniforms tomorrow afternoon. Proper funeral attire
My MOM just said she would do nasty things to . Wow mom TMI!!!
Thanks for the shout out. Keep up the good work! Love your concept!
Rich Karlis, Billy Thompson, Missy Franklin, Ed McCaffrey and Alfred Williams are attending Top 9 Moments! More celebrity guests to follow!
I SET FIRE TO THE RAIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!
kimmel was amazing! thanks everyone for watchin!
Five years after his theological commentary on the allegedly released secret, Ratzinger was made Pope. Just sayin'...
TWITTER JAIL.
21 days to break a habit?? Fine
I can't believe he's not on Twitter. Perhaps it's not Satanic enough. RT : "That was absolutely amazing. Thanks for sharing!”
old habits die hard! Lol
Sneezed and fart at the same time.. :3
awesome work team... ill tell all my friends about that
There are people affected by the snow who don't have cars. For those who have to walk, not drive, the snow fall is even more of an obstacle.
Vacation!!!!!! Ready for a much needed getaway with the family and in-laws...MD here we come!
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx DAZED &CONFUSED..
Thx for the RT! I had to laugh as well. Maybe Word is on to something. Maybe there aren't enough whales in modern writing. :)
we definately will!
#whosgonnalose in an hour - which two teams will lose in the playoffs today
yes! Because I am sure she has her style and I think the motorcycle would be hot!
Best weird conception scene, ever. It involves a cart of tomatoes...lmao I don't want to spoil it for those that haven't seen it. xD.
What would you do with $640mm?
Photoshop touch just announced for tablets
To the ER I go.
yeah, I bet.
These are two of my favs but ima have to go with Salt, ur opinion? RT x. Which is a better action film? Salt Or Colombiana?
Champ'SoL Sports is seeking interns in Chigo, NYC & LA know of any candidates? Please send resumes to
oh really ?
Hey if you guys read my story I'll shout you out!! RT PLEASE PARTS IN FAVES ON MY ACCOUNT
i love you so much im gonna try to get you trendiNG
Uh-oh :( RT : Injury Update: The MRI on revealed a strained abdominal muscle. He is out indefinitely.
You're right. I think I will! RT : u should go visit down in aka the greatest place in college park
someone found my blog by googling "is it bad if you have a fever when you get a haircut?"
- Goodluck ((: Keep Us Posted With It :D
o that sounds good too. i think i just want chocolate.
I can't make any promises--next week is already shaping up to be packed. But I'll try!
As you'd expect (perhaps) They are issued in the language of the country. Spain, Spanish; Germany, German; Etc
Eat clean with 5-6 small meals a day which includes a lean protein, complex carbohydrate and a yummy salad or steamed veggies.
The average number of times, in a week, that my fly is down is straight up alarming
A pleasure, you are welcome!!
I use Google Chrome to browsing the internet world ;) And find out something about <3
RT : RE: #Bears UDFA James Brown. Mike Mayock at one point ranked him as a top-5 OT in the entire draft. Shut down Andre Branch.
I didnt even go out tonight because i was too exhausted and now im laying in bed wide awake -_____-
Writing d3 code on a sleep deficit: not recommended.
PEOPLE SUCK.
Thanks to all our hilarious guests and delightful audience. Great show, y'all!
Google aurora test.
u didn't answer my Q
It was indeed...took us a little while to get it right! Happy Holidays!
hey what are you guys doing ??
Kiper and Chuckey, the opposite ends of the hair spectrum. Kiper = too much style... Chuckey = well, you do the math...
Hehehe who loves to shop like I do? Well, of course not impulse.
That's direct quote from Wade Henderson, so you found his quote not the writing specious?
We have contract & no-contract plans, the main difference between those two plans is that you'll be billed $35 for a no-contract.
Hi, my idol #forever please follow me., ok?(:
Dynamism, efficiency, evolution, innovation, privacy, security & trust primary values of the named data network project documents
"I never forget to eat. I mean, sometimes I forget I ate and eat twice..."
Ima make my bro proud
maybe later be with the hubby. <3
All i Kno Is Real Its in My DNA
Gym time! !
I don't have any "new" games on my PC and no budget to get any currently. Tribes Ascend and Diablo I are my PC choices currently.
Just had to save your multi-homer game for the Canes didn't you.
you just put a "promoted" tweet in my feed from a company I don't follow. Do this again, and I'm going to ditch you for good.
Eating that many Hershey's kisses without exercising. Yes I would say one would be a pinhead. LOL
k:( _ looks down:(
See FB for details.
Sugar and Bruno Summer Camp is almost set in stone!!! More Details to come!
I see a girls night in our immediate future!
Mike, I agree with Nina. Her arms were so thin, she looked skeletal and possibly ill.
I love this guy. Not only brilliant, but hilarious too! RT : I just unlocked the "You never use Foursquare" badge on !
The greatest good you can lend a youth is your perspective- Anonymous Match Specialist
#NowWatching my new obsession #Revenge - yes, I'm late to jump on the proverbial bandwagon.
False accusations led to ppl being deported/executed &venzetti lynch mob mood in U.S.
nothing beats an omelet made with fresh eggs, herbs and veggies from the farmers market
What time?
I remember everything..
Just came from bible Paster spoke real
Super in love. Butterflies and all
Hahahahahaha awkward indeed
hey #Charlotte area folks.. anyone have anything autographed by #CamNewton that we can buy for a Christmas gift? online = expensive
ACOs pushing healthcare out of the docs office/hospital and into the patients home.
"Some of you will enjoy the experience so much, you will be married many, many times. Good for you."
Dissertation successfully defended. On to bigger and better things. :-)
Waitin outside and looking up at the stars...
Don't say you gon call me right back, then call back 2 hours later, lol I don't like that shit.
Thanks for the follow and the general welcome to your company!
No problem :) I loved the article. Debating if a laptop or an iPad/iPod would serve me better as an ethnographer. Any suggestions?
um where? Lol
... Cant bash them bro. They beat my Nuggets. won't let me talk bad about them :( :(
Became an imposter for the night. Now at the Belvedere party with with on deck.
I also thought Freedom was the bizzomb. (Do the kids still say that?) Such unlikable characters and yet: Riveted.
I really don't understand why everyone turns there back on you when things get hard.
Skip and Steven A both bringing it today love it
Sure! What is your first and last name? Also, what week did you win?
“When u are sorrowful look again in your heart, n u shall see that in truth u are weeping for that which has been your delight Kahlil Gibran
Working near home, that's always a plus
For all this time I have been putting this puzzles of my life, then I realized, the last piece is you.
i love customer service... every time I call every one is super helpful & cool
Ah, that would be lovely. doooit. I would love to see you!
RT : Attending the Crittenden conference in Las Vegas next month? Would be fun to connect in advance.
the quest to 3 bills is on
They're all locally organized. Anyone can start one! :)
your my inspiration for chasing my dreams. i hope to meet you one day so i can let you know that you have changed my life. :)
The sound effects that are playing during the Chargers-Raiders game are really obnoxious.
Off to NYC on Weds.; hoping to catch Bird/Magic on Broadway before it ends. Sports flacks: anybody see it, want 2 give 140-character review?
Us too and thank you very much!
join me in supporting #fairtrade - best strategy to STOP
Gunshots or fireworks? Hard to tell in this neighborhood
#Romance tip of the week: On a clear night, lay down a blanket somewhere outside and stare at the stars together.
“: Kentucky's athletic department brought in almost $85 million for the year.”<U+2B05>wow that's insane!!!
Everyone go follow ! Hit my boy up!
night of intense baseball ...
i was like how the hell do you use this?!! lmao.
Morning wake up by a lil man babbling. I'll take that any day of the week
a primer from you? on the issue of asking the right questions? Sorry, just trying to follow properly
Boyfriend started playing on the radio, then my dad turned it off! Dx aggghhhh. ~Marj. ^__^
damn you're catching up to me in tweets.
Im ca$hinn out
Then again, they may not. This is simple CYA. Everyone needs to take a deep breath.
I am a very impatient person, which is why ordering my Nexus One from google is so difficult. It's on it's way, not in my hands.
Nice! Dats how! RT ho bah, got home just in time yesterday to get a win for the cartel. shots!!!
that's what I'm talking about! Go girl!
Yes! Yes yes yes yes yes...
Good morning!!
Only to me ;)
This month seems like its going to be a slow one....
“Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.” <U+2015> John Lennon
Health info: cardio to loose fat- you should be able to have a conversation. If not, you need to slow ity down. You are working to hard
Give it time.
"call me cleo"
I can almost remember the last reading I had...from a street vendor no less. Maybe you can get me a free reading. :)
...needs a new phone. I have AT&T currently. Any suggestions?
Yeah, just getting the hang of it now. Okay so far.
I love my chihuahua... She's like "Ah beautiful morning sun B) "
so burnt out today
I'll be here at 8 am. Ya mommas new yard boy.
16 nice to meet you:)
Cats do NOT drink enough water - they need to be fed supplemental canned food and given water from a pet fountain!
Good morning. A perfect morning for warm friendships and good eats at the winter market. 9-12 today
good point. I did love mario mars.
So cool! and I were actually talking about it the other day. was showing it off in a lab, too /
it's crazy.. Beautiful.. Can't wait to see more of it.
Google Calendar just sent me a reminder that FetFest is this weekend. As if even my ADHD ass could forget that :-)
if you pump long enough, hard enough and enthusiastically enough, sooner or later the effort will bring forth the reward. - Zig Ziglar
to all the ladies havin' babies...without.no.drama.
it is! then you must know , right?
Can't believe it's 53 degrees out right now. It's January 6th and I'm driving with my sunroof out. #globalwarming ?
dude same. I get like 4 episodes a night on my cable. It's excellent.
Never turning down new biz, try to cover as you go - or only taking on what you know you can service well & build. Which is it?
Our Food Pantry serves approx. 200 homes/week across 5 locations in Little Havana, Little Haiti, Hialeah, Allapatah and South Miami.
: I Facebooked you as well, but cheers to 29!
Congrats! Def let us know where it is!
My 13 year old son just asked the same question!
upside down from a tree. wow even my typing stinks today. so glad its FRIDAY! :)
I'm still here
Thank you and ditto!
gonna rain soon?
#LowLives 4 is a simulcast of live video performances streamed from all over the world
Wait, never mind. Found it.
Show this Friday, September 16th at the Cobalt Cafe playing with our good friends Deadhorse. Plus it's James our singers Birthday, Party on!
Whoa! That was a strong earthquake!
Nothing like some legit soul stirring on a Saturday morning!
Yes ma'am!
<U+200E>"Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has thought." -Albert von Szent-Gyorgy
lame. Oh well it was worth a try. By the way, Weezer is coming June 9th!
god i am so agraved with everyone !!!
Ms. Vashti and Ms. Lita moved Mother Earth and Father Sky in preparation for the Carnuel Parade. Stay tuned for photos!
I'll cross my fingers for you! I'm serving with AmeriCorps again and having fun exploring PDX. How are things4u?
SDSU journalism grad. 1st assignment is covering #Egypt protests.. running away from tear gas is not your avg. job, but it inspires me!
I'm blanking, what do they have?
PM's plans 'will rebuild Britain' David Cameron says the economy is his top priority in the Queen's Speech - but Labour say the plans wil
we will have to take this boy out and show him the best time .I will even buy him a hooker .. His work is awesome...
Rockin in the Free World
First dream your life, then live your dream. ~Author Unknown
what is happening..? I'm suspicious.
I keep seeing all over my social networks... so... what do you think?!
the seahorse rides again
The problem is u nigga
“: on leaving content migration to the last step: "That is a recipe for the 11th hour shitstorm, people."SO true.
we LOVE you!
Flying to Chicago today for #SportsTacklesCancer appts.
We agree! RT : #html5 a surprising amount of fun. (via )
Has produced and is launching new single in 2012 in UK - word is that it will be a huge hit :)
ME ME MEMEMEMEWME
Day 33 of 100: I'm thankful for great auditions
Twelve Days of Twitter: On the first day of Twitter my true love sent to me one Partridge Family xmas MP3
no lol day glow is my birthday weekend so that's my gift to myself :)
If followed me, my life would be complete! Even though he's already completed it each time I met him lol
I'm in San Francisco now, but I'll be back for a week in June to help with the biz if you can wait.
*Before results* Screw it!, just answer it. *After results* Shit, I wished I studied harder.
The guy from the hannah monata movie is haawwt. Nuff said
SUCH a cutie!!!
Turns out it has been US GOVT providing 1000's of guns to Mex Cartels!! After all this harassment against private folks. Wow! Thanks Janet!!
It's sad to see how much 2ndary students @ Bellevue School Dist need F/T Teacher-Librarians, but they've all been involuntarily transferred.
Well this field trip is a bust.
Aww, thanks so, so much! So happy you liked it!
Subjecting myself to Eyeborgs as part of my decision to watch all SyFy original films.
We love simple #design solutions that pack a punch! These Indicator Bins are so smart!
Can I second that? Annie is a great photographer and great supporter. So happy we crossed paths.
Hi Linda, I'm Ok. So much travel. Will be still for a week or so w/ my mom, so will go through the grief with her. <hugs>
LOVE the Doritos commercial with the dog...You didn't see NUTHIN. Too funny
you're awesome. When you and Arun are all educated we should have a magical drunken pool party to celebrate.
Cashin' Out has that beat
yes they do...
We'll be on the phone till we fall asleep like always hehe, <3
I need new texting buddies!!!
I love my job!
We use abductor pillows plus posey heel gaurds at the facility where I work but this looks more comfortable and realistic!
Stepped on a Lego while barefoot. Accidentally won a krumping contest.
im not angry, but you can hug me anyway
Awesome!! Do great and remember to posts pics!! We- your supporters, want to see them! :)
it's one of those 4-bags-of-goldfish kinds of days.
almost about to leave for the Mass Chaos concert!
"The world’s most glamorous lecturer on art and high culture" (The New Yorker) graces the Menil this evening. Meet Rosamond Bernier at 7pm.
Thank you for the delicious treats! The perfect pick-me-up on this groggy Monday!
That will be the first good thing ucla's ever had
": And Westbrook's jumper is broke af"-- he didn't lead all pg's in scoring or anything
when is that??
Tonight we will feature a very special tribute to Ms. Rue McClannahan, aka Blanche Devereaux! Double Points from 8-11
u need a body guard :)
Who from came to LDA Life & Learning Service's open house today? I heard you sent a camera person.
RT ": Im so tired of these saint fans bitchin'" HATER!!!
Thou shall not kill.
Wow that sucks :[
Wow! Love it - great work on the new skin, Tracy! Looking forward to new issue on Mar 10
Spinning at area 31 tonight on the terrace....music starts at 6pm!
At Amazon Xmas party, um
I hope we're wrong... but it doesn't seem that way. The question is do they blame "anarchists'? RonPaul-Supporters? or #ows?
Dylan your amazing, and I love you :) That is all.
I've missed the last two episodes, so can't discuss anything quite yet.
Quinn, don't go for him. He's cute but you only have so long to go for Rachel! Haha
Oh my god #whatif I was a white boy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Well thanks for being such a great resource! Many more pictures and referrals to come..
we are finishing up our new record so we will have some jams to send you soon! Thanks for following us.
I don't know how it happened, but I get entirely too much spam mail. It's extremely frustratin'.
. Besides supply side economics Reagan's posit on states rights makes him the worst President ever.
Im so sore and i have nothing to do ALL DAY :\
Jeydon Wale () is a crazy fothermucker, he should follow me ;)
does "no parking" / street repaving on my street mean i have to park 8 blocks away if i wanna be able to get out of my driveway monday?
Good God morning!
tne only thing better is watching them!
you just tried to play me on Twitter..smh...yes I can cook as much as I eat I live in the kitchen
A house is made of walls and beams; a home is built with love and dreams.
my bad
Got dam just woke up from a good ass nap now my high gone
YES. IN.
Against a much higher half hour of Biggest Loser finale, too. 1.9/2.4 for Biggest Loser.
11:11... Hanging out w/ my BFF and fab biz woman, ! This is a RAD way to celebrate the hour. :)
ahh gotcha. Next time, then.
haaha fuck. No I did not. Ewww I forgot about that. Bleehhh
Cocky, but sexaaaay!
Yes I am a fan of the Arts!
UDSUEOPDFKJDIEPWODKFJFJJDKDOSPDOJFUIEKD AUSTIN RTED! KFIDKSKCFHKSLDHDOSLAHDJDJDJSJSJKSDJJDKSL IM SORRY, I LITERALY JUST HAD A HEART ATTACK!!
Took extensive notes on the #Texans yesterday. They're physical, bring heat, and disguise well. O-line must execute my genius this weekend.
That was a GREAT save! With the toes no less!
Another Funny Commercial From Funny Commercial People
MAN LETS DO IT AGAIN PARTY DIS WHOLE MONTH
Washington, kick return for a TD
I don't support Obama, because he's a capitalist imperialist just like dipshit Romney. The system is broken, can't be fixed.
will do, pretty lady!!
It's only DAY 3 of 2012! Anybody already "complaining or causing drama" - DELETE THEM NOW! Don't welcome that toxic spirit! Nuff Said!
Me-Dad your breath stinks! My dad- i got old man breath! what do you want, young man breath?
Environmental justice issues. For example, asthma is more common in Hispanic children--how much is disparities in exposure?
Follow back frero ? :)
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.- Walt Disney
Cops are engaged
“ When I'm lazy, its bad.”
I need to, But then my mom will make me stay home tmrw & I can't miss my finals. Lol but it literally feels like its bleeding.
SECCA is having a drawing for a free iPad during the opening of Out of Fashion on Nov. 3. Drawing sponsored in part by ComputerTree.
hii mommy (x
I need to drink this weekend
Idk what I'm doing
no. I am out of time for this yr because there are alot of days I didn't count when reporting due to only doing half days.
its all good. I got your back girl! :)
Your welcome you know I Stay Wit It
Thanks for the retweet on covering the games. Spread the word.
La Tomatina in Spain is a messy festival: about 112 tons of overripe tomatoes are tipped from backs of trucks into the crowd.
We balled hard agian today! Also I can still bench more then dave
Yes. Snagged em!
Ticket stock needed to be refilled. There were newspapers left on the seats in the boarding area. Lines formed then fed planes.
Promise i'll be around more soon, for the past 3 days i've been sicker than i think i've ever been... talk to you all soon. Eric. D
Agreed. I'd rather have Dioner Navarro back up Hanigan if Mez is just going to ride the pine 3 out of 5 days.
I normally do not watch MTV but I'll be watching 's documentary on March 6th :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CLAY AND COLE!!!!
imagination will give many meanings
I'm so bad at basketball that air bud could probably take me 1v1
Edit, edit, edit: any document can always be made more concise and user-friendly.
I feel ya on this tweet.
Wow, in my reading of follow-up stories, it becomes clear why.
The play again <3
Check out our website, www.originalslapwatch.com
we're all hoping for a quick recovery! Thanks for being you!
I'm feelin an Ed Reed moment
Ole Miss tonight!
yesterday, LA :)
- or you are just a friend to the environment, no? Is the straw stainless too?
Just bought 7teen on itunes! I've been jamming out for the past hour haha :)
Ha! No kidding. But the late 80s were different times!
I'm not a cowboys fan. I meant we can play cowboys?
I agree with wanting Parcells to protect his job. Absolutely. And their suspensions don't start until April 1.
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in Portugal. Can we skype? Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
Great job by Anthony Davis tonight on the Jimmy Kimmel show.
OMG #BIGTIMEMOVIE WAS AWESOME LOVE IT?
Joe Walsh for the eagles and solo albums
While organizing my room, the first song on shuffle tonight was Breakfast by Curren$y. Word.
#20ThingsAboutMe 8. I dont believe in heaven or hell. I could care less to be honest.
"a copenhagen based love story to be written" <-- I like it! Indeed a gorgeous day; will be fetching groceries on it soon.
Knock a couple things out before work... This could pan out to be a productive day considering I'm not doing SHIT at work tonight!
Just got another order #Txttlktees is happening today!!!
Come over.
Follow our #NBC talent live tweeting tonight at #SweepsTweet: !
loved the findings! Thank you for sharing. Our team thought is was great! We can share our platform results with you in Sept
I hope no one is watching me. Totally rocking out in my desk chair.
I feel like I haven't talked to in forever even though I saw her today what is this
our paths have crossed.
Picked up some at S-bux today and YUM! Think I'll order some from their site! Fresh, healthy dried fruit snacks!
#ZLX was all I listen to when I have my work boots on
oh we might have to go there THIS WKND..nachos will soak up everything
Just ordered my first roll from !!
better be ready for this walk tonight :) see ya later if I don't fall asleep in this dental chair Haha
she's a dark person !! shes a freak ! I HATE NICOLE ! DIE !
MT Joining & @ Conrad Prebys Emergency & Trama Center @ Mercy Hospital in #Hillcrest this morning
I'm so sad this is the last episode for the season! ):
power ranger costumes
I'll bring you some tomorrow!!
its going pretty awesme . Aleena says hi (:
Starwatch Consumer | Newspaper for iPad arrives
Greek Proverb~ Observe your enemies for they first find your faults.
I want to audititon for your next project for sure...
Leaves from LA, hits up Puerto Vallarta and Cabo San Lucas :) It'll be a week of sunshine, family time and Mickey Mouse!
the pressure has to come from Ngata. dont let Brady step up.
... and what will help leverage more broadly investments being made in research, stimulating activity by people outside mainstream academia.
enjoy Opening Night tonight! :-)
AJI WHERE U BEEN
Happy Hump Day! is at the Castle this morning for some awesome training with our associates.
lol he does but his height probably adds to it lol
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators. -Edward Gibbon
Ok this dude on the freeway needs to wise up & just give in 4hrs you better have someone famous kidnapped
I'm with Ellen!
Jack Johnson, the first Black heavyweight champion, patented a wrench in 1922- InSpotter app
Why is it that lately only really unhealthy fast food seems to fill me up?
Whatt u can do tah make a gurl smile.. A Gm text will do :D
HI!!! HAVE A GREAT DAY!
Just got back from the #gym, I feel sick :/ see what happens when you fall off the wagon for 2 months
haha I just got this! I'll have to make you one of mine sometime!
were the camera men in the bathroom, while peeing on the stick ??
ck one of my last tweets. For real.
Follow me over here!
aww missed you too girl!
nice meeting you dm for shit going on tomorrow night
This is why i watch #BasketballWives is a beast!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> Lookin like a good season!!!!
someone told me your fake and your a fraud you don't have to lie to kick it
Shooting The F-List today!!!!!
Does the 55,000,000 include women who died in child birth or from illegal abortions?
ohh but of course this ep I'm super excited for cuz I tweeted bout him gettin punk'd n he rtd and followed me so woohoo
Bbm if you wish
Its quitin time.... Have a safe drive home everyone.
WHAT?:D
I looked under the table but garfield is not under the table I'll check again here we go (<U+FF89>`<U+25A1>´)<U+FF89><U+2312><U+253B><U+2501><U+253B>
where u been dude ?
Trap house tuesday
Really don't wanna go to sleep
I hate waking up in the middle of a dream.
Jesus, what a depressing week.
Carded for ciggarettes? I guess I can still play high school students
Listening to #womenandchildrenfirst while preparing for tomorrow. 49% work 51% fun day!
lol ehh I'm really really hungry lmfao why don't you come visit me duhs (:
looks right up my alley! Busy Thursday already, tho.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
Im on my way
That's what I'm saying! So distracted by JLO in that dress. Killing'em
RT : RT : Anyone going to World's Fair Anniversary Celebration today? Share photos please!
that is WONDERFUL, so happy for you #twin !!!
Currently watching SPORTS TIPS WITH CHIP. Enjoying the first episode immensely so far
If you haven't heard of Balkan Beat Box then you're missing out. Catch their live performance at Speakeasy tomorrow at 12:45am
ooh. (: you know, you should write a twitlonger explainging how you met jasmine, so people stop asking! and aww thanks<33
come take a walk in my shoes just a young man trying to make power moves
I'm going to have to get down with tweet language!
Link me plz. RT Holy sh*t...just found out Jadakiss has a new mixtape out with DJ Drama!!!
Great week meeting in San Francisco; heard lots of "Love the interaction the touchscreen Comment Board generates" comments!
Curious about the designer behind the graphic identity and card templates for ? Check out the fantastic work of
I will never watch #CelebApprentice ! Your a coward who kills animals. As a former boxer I wish you would pick on me!
Oops!! Sorry about that!!
typical bandwagon fan sleeping through the sabres game
The Miami Marlins have suspended Manager Ozzie Guillen for five games, effective immediately.
How is it that my lists have lists? That I was an assistant with an assistant. And that most of my stories... have stories.
South Korea overturns ban on Twitter use for election campaigns
'' no disrespect but mami that's correct cause , whats in them jeans just got my mind hectic ''
No stream tonight... Keep the team in prayer!!!
what kind of scripting would you like to see?
WHAT MAKES YOU BOOOTTIIFULL.
come over
you should be proud of yourself(: && i know its like a dram & we when i comes true we did it together(: im gonna tweet them(:
At 3:30 Creme had Pup #1 A all white male WOW !!! Another Spot
Congrats to the Clippers. David Stern says you're welcome.
I broke the proposal rule that we discussed... :/
Hey you need a spam filter !!!!
No worries! My pleasure!
i wish there was a way i could listen to two songs at once and have it sound good
de nada (your welcome) thanks x your poetry
Courage is admitting that you're afraid and facing that fear directly.
Can't wait to see you in PDX.
Thanks for visiting!
Everyone go follow NOW ! I love her sexy ass <3
#BieberFact justin said in a magazine, that sometimes the only time he has to tweet, is when he is in the toilet. LOL!!!!!! oh justin... :)
Great technology making life simpler...as it should be (but often isn't).
yes! And I love it!
well are u going to the baby shower?
Not to interrupt, but I always assumed she was an orphan. Either that or her parents worked a lot.
What do you do when you think you can be an icon?
Crows feet AND acne, seriously? Where's the justice in THAT??
Just saw the #GoogleChrome commercial promoting #GoogleDrive. Good work team.
ill get the bitch so fast she wont even know whats comin.
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both so much!<U+2661>14
So crazy! RT ": Yea--it's pretty bad outside..the record prior to this week was 6,000!"
So a random number texts my friend and he turns out to be an Everett Silvertip.
Seriously an already week offense and OBP just got worse.
1 size fit all when relating 2 God? "Frequency: Discovering Your Unique Connection to God" 1st to email gets copy
OMG LOOK AT GRIFFIN!!!
Anyone driving around Atlanta today please wear a helmet
Thanks for helping with the Knight News Challenge. Seeing your name as one of the reviewers was a thrill in and of itself.
Another great weekend @ #BGTravel has come to an end! See you next year.
My vegan lunch was both unintended and delicious.
It's raining and I have no one to cuddle with
Celebrity sightings are so much better when you have seen them naked.
Have you tried Nutella? Thoughts?
getting ready to Connect tonight with Dinner @ 5:45 & Study @ 6:30! See you then!
#RETWEET if you just want a promo (must be following & to receive the promo)
Oh my gosh Im so hungry!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Regressive element in this country is running wild. Just saw a tweet about the 1920s and Coolidge. Seriously.
Gah. I've been hacked. My hacker actually posted about the same time I did. If you got anything from me today, double-check before clicking!
#Christ; every homeless person on the side of the highway.
also, pleased by serendipity: ruby workshop is at original site of
Can someone start a clothing line for athletic women =Larger sleeves & smaller torsos? Tired of my arms not fitting in flattering clothing.
yea u right! Being pissed on don't feel gud nd will piss u off eventually
all day long brother all day long peace to you to and The Most High
Maria Casey, 24-year-old with Vodaphone Ireland, at #InternetSociety #INET describing world of the mobile, wired youth. "Be there virtually"
Is working right at this second?
Want to get in my pants? Try opening the effing door. Word.
...I'll ask our military archivist if he's aware of any. I'll tweet you with a yes/no/citation.
Just put lots of pics on here (:
shut up Babb. He's just fine where he is.
Call me!
oh yeah she let yall out late today
How does an ablum become leaked so early?
Last day of Spanish!
will b sending its' #Happiair Truck all around the country this spring!
lol the Knicks would smash the Pacers? Really? The Pacers just beat the Knicks a week ago
I'm not sure yet.. currently it's a stealth startup buzz factory
Thanks Memphis for an awesome and memorable series.
Thanks for the mention
even tho ur sitting by me don't forget to follow me back biiiaaaaaaa
I worked at Turner Broadcasting and a digital ad agency. If you can learn to analyze social media metrics, they would love that.
Go #packers!
RT!! Yo people is playing at The Ottobar on Tuesday Oct 18 then you can go to #EDMSWAG Tuesdays at Mobys with
*WIN* a FREE E-copy of PRETTY AMY runs til 5pm PST! To enter tweet "Excited for #PrettyAmy digital release 5/15"
After seeing the #Avengers last night, I'm in an EXTREMELY care free mood. That was an awesome movie and it didn't disappoint. HULK, Smash!
bette davis eyes <3
r u kiddin me
. Obvious but hadn't seen framed: if NF & BF are top 2, Krvaric &Co are shut out of general, & can't really endorse NF.
G.O.O.D. Friday today?
ok ups i alredy follow u
it was there before, here it is:
it is a precursor to mine.
All senior citizens should get life alert.
Need to figure out how to upgrade your company training? Let us show you how. Schedule a free consultation.
ugh thank god, cant wait!
It's to sunny in my city #Portland y'all. This ain't supposed to be Cali, where's the rain at?
o yeah that's a good possibility....u in town?
I find it quite weird when trying 2 get #Boingo wifi @ airport that #Macys isn't an option. R we not loyal customers?
I haven't slept in this late in like 5 years
lol of course.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! I LOVE YOU
Yep, we'll be there!
Haha! I'm glad you guys enjoyed it:)
I've become a recluse...no one has seen me for two weeks
yeah...hey I'm at the high school
Thanks for participating! See you next week?
Jesus taught that Elijah would return again the third time. Perhaps the greatly revered Lubavitcher Rebbe represented Elijah
Had fun even though a nigga missed the avengers
omg your well lucky i wish i could go but i live in England xx
"You have a great nose!" (-Dell technician in the Philippines while checkin out my website between restarts.) Me: "thank you."
home sweet home :D.
Special Happy Birthday wishes to I hope you have a great day with and #gigem or whatever you say.
RT follow back please
Ed can go back to the UK now
Followers in #Milwaukee w/ the Wiz patch <<<<<
All about the grammys
Could you please tell hubby can we get a Bad Boys 3!!!!
actually, we just started serving ribs at lunch today! :)
let the swimming-drinking-eating-tanning BEGIN!!
I love throbbing headaches.
I'm Emotionally Moved by the preview of We Stand ft Get ready It's time #WESTAND against Hate/Bullying/Abuse
n i seem to B the one of em'
I hate him I love him...He gets on my last nerve but I'll be damned if I let ANY female even tempt to break our bond!:
My man killed it last night and played Calling !!! Chicago went nuts for some
Sometimes dance is the only thing that makes sense to me....
Free-Lance Pallbearers in typescript is much more violent than the published version. #totalassaultontheculture!
Professors and Doctors and Artists...Oh My!!!
Do you still have our PJAS Bars from regionals? Best said you do. Thanks!
GOOD FRIDAY ACTIVITY #1: Pontius Pilates. It's where you do pilates, then wash your hands.
Bubble bubble bubble, bubbles n da sea. This is the place 4 u & 4 me. Singing on da bottom of da ocean floor. On our way frm da sandy shore
that cinnamon toast crunch?!? That stuff keeps me comin back
Two of the whisteblowers against UCAN are being interviewed by now. Stay tuned for live tweets.
haha I can't decide if it's real or a parody
... I don't have any pictures of ducks from you. Harrumph!
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
unexceptable?? Learn grammar“: Had some great opportunities lastnight. Have to make them count. Unexceptable from the Line!
.. or my dog! Haha
:O u suck mb
wow. lebron showed up in the 4th quarter for once!
bitch I know we look good
How badass of you!!!
let me know when I can start inspiring
are you guys live or is that taped? Really dig the show btw.
so did your phone make a full recovery or did you end up finding a replacement?
one key feature of #hireworx - make it easier to fill out forms and new profile info by auto filling with social data
thanks for the follow Just watched a preview of Angry Boys, hilarious... kid's wearing 1 ski boot.
Yeah new iPad!
always looking for new ways to get and keep kids moving Happy Fathers Day !!!
So tonight I discovered that my belly button ring was put in upside down... And I have to wait till june to take it out.
ohh,lmao. well I don't really know about her, tell me what she did?
Gatorade and sun flower seeds don't mix
Meanwhile, in L.A.'s Chinatown...tinyurl.com/88c8gnf
Limitations do not exist.
to many really nightmare on elm street (all) chopper,teeth, mainly horror x
Ugh, I love Drake so much. His music is so amazing.<333
oh ok(; <WeMissAustin!>
LOVIN MY LIFE NO MATTER WHO HATES ME N WHO DONT!!!!!
Lol sunk does
Just forget the past, and simply be mine. <U+2665>
There is an inherent need for accountability to support health goals
RIP the guy who's sold the iPhones that made the iPhones past away a couple hours ago of cancer rest in peace
What are your professional goals for 2012 and how can we help?
Whoa-- sounds interesting. Who is this #asianjess you speak of?
Kappy Lynch! Chaucer and the Arthurian Legends are useful in my daily life. Seriously.
hell yeah
RT : happy birthday girl! have a great one!<thanks fleche!
Who wants to play some #Battlefield3 ? Xbox of course! Friend me if im not online, itd be cool to get a squad goin. NEO NINJA94
This is one of those moments where I wish I could block something off the internet #timtebow ???
At the #Badger basketball game for my 28th birthday! GO RED!
If plays bush "sixteen stone", I'm there
Just downloaded the new Mac OS..its very cool..you can now download apps to your mac just like on the iPhone
Seriously couldn't have said it better myself
Im happy wit jus me and my youngin
Highlight reel play by Chris Nelson at 3rd. Throws out Ellis, might have saved a run.
Still feeling yucky with this horrible cold <U+2639> hoping for a quick recovery with a busy week ahead <U+2639>
pear? Nice call. I'll try it and let u know. Thx!
My brother can talk for days -___- Lol
Well said! RT : There is nothing unfeminine about being powerful. Women have to get over it and be successful.
John gallo walking around with a pitcher of beer right now
Obama just won my vote. And my tears. About time.
Dear DC friends: I've had a good week here. Could get dressed up, but have nowhere to go. Want to go out tonight?
RT : What happens if Voter ID amendment passes, but #mnleg enabling legislation next session is vetoed? A MESS!
did you opt for catalog forwarding? I didn't, but I was tempted!
Listening to Nigerian Ministry of Agriculture, who hopes the "gene" revolution will not bypass Africa like the "green" one did.
It only gets worse with age. “: This getting-tired-early thing is weird.”
What high school are you going to?
Library Trivia tomorrow night! Is your team arranging a final practice session today?
Thanks for the follow
OH GOD STOP WITH THE YOLO SWEET JESUS
awl the lil baybehs, sang uh-round the weerld
I could eat an entire wedge of Brie cheese in one sitting.
GREEN BEANS
I'm walking on sunshine woaaaaah
THANK YOU
Lol a lot of obvious sub tweeting on my TL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
does anyone know how to make #tweetdeck show multiple columns of "mentions"? I can only get it to show one column of mentions.
come quit retweeting people and say something dumb
I am still cautiously optimistic. I hope we still care this much in Aug/Sept! (dare I dream oct?)
GIVE THE GIFT OF HEALTH FOR THE HOLS! Healthy eating/weight loss coaching. ‘Naked Health’ gift certificates 877.653.4584
follow back plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Should I wear a sweater....?
Lol when I say I JUST bought a cupcake shaped fondant cutter so thats doable.
Didn't get off work until 7 this morning, I made hella money last night.
they did? thank God! QT : Found that damn highway killer!
You'd never find Chris Lee on
Just remember, someone loves everything you hate about yourself.
that's just me .
RT2WIN Contest coming up in 15 mins! Stay tuned....
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow????????
Sounds like a great idea :)
Love hearing about the new fire, EMT, police training center
A Disappearing Town In The Shadow Of Big Coal
I'm still under Facebook suspension/probation apparently.
tweet tweet
I found one good thing about this weather. I can leave the groceries I picked up at lunch, in the car.
i got braces thursday and they hurt really bad.......i have 2 sores on my cheeks......owowwowowowowowowowo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Plz ignore "someone is talking about you" direct msg- account was temporarily hacked. Lesson learned, all must be careful. Sincere apologies
I'm gettin $$$ at my day job ..while u day dream
Goodnight, world.<U+2665>
(cont) happy birthday to her. It would literally make her flip out and cry but in a good way. So please I beg you say(cont)
I despise school
miss you bestie sorry i havent talked to u for a while you know i told you i had alot of homwork so ill get on tommorow :D
Don't taze me, bro, don't taze me!
lol u kno I keep bad bitches beside me
Not a fan of the cold, but I can't deny the beauty of the snow when it sparkles like diamonds. God knows how to paint a beautiful picture!
I found my Garmin HRM to be way off from my Polar one. In HR and calories burned. Not sure why
I really miss my family.
Excited to be going to the brewery tour this after noon w/
Poetry might be defined as the clear expression of mixed feelings.
Oh yeah. In all his glory. Feel free to come up any time to see this beauty in person. :-)
I am not sure what cable station it is on, but I just watched Daryl's House with Fitz & the Tantrums on my big TV...awesome! Money Grabber!
Tonight school fundraiser for the New Orleans Tour! Two Shows at 6:30 and 8 pm! -Hope to see you there!!
SNOW ! I smell snow plow $
I'm guessing the Indianapolis child prostitution/human trafficking means "Like a Virgin" got nixed...?
Who will we be seeing April 21st for our Red Solo Cup Party? ;) Time to get those plans locked down on your calendar!
Still can't believe #Chelsea will be in the final and not #Barcelona. So much for beautiful game.
May the force be with you.
true words from on a beach house photo: "that picture makes me feel like they're feeling a lot."
#ff this guy I would try to guess the word but i would never get it right.lmao.
Im bout to stop sparing these niggas feelings & let him have it. Kyia1997 bout to surface for real!
(I picked Board of Elections because that schedule has just been posted online so it's relatively new.)
West Nile Activity Up In Santa Clarita, San Fernando Valleys.
Who just told me to text them?
#bbqcook-offs definitely make for some good times.
My daughter is pretending she can't remember what time to pick me up from the airport on Sunday! I hope she's pretending!
trapahpedia 2 cover comin at the top of the hour
OH.MY.GOD.
I will <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>We've been talking about this photo shoot for years now lol
People see a homeless man on the street, with a "hungry" sign they feel indifferent. People see a homeless man with a cat, "that poor cat."
A Trio will be open today from 11a - 7p. Bring in all your holiday jewelry for sizing, cleaning, polishing and repairs!
Happy twitter-versary to you my love! xoxo
What's your favorite tv show theme song!
Red Alert! Great red for every skin tone is Cruella from Nars cosm.
happpyyyy mothers dayty to u to boo !
RT : Just discovered three wrong ways to eat a Reese's and two of them involved a Kardashian.
Celebrating mothers day tonight. On the way into NYC for a family dinner.
Thanks for the RT! It was a great night to talk about returning this country to prosperity.
always try to love life no matter wat circumstances u face try 2 buckle up as hard as u could try 2 learn from that experience nd move on
Will be joining #teamiPhone in 2 days!!!
If I dont follow you on Twitter, or friends wit you on Facebook, what does that mean. We aint cool!
that was interesting :)
8/18/2010 Marketing Data RoundUp: Social media still not a full-time job at most firms MarketingVOX
I miss you, too. We need a girls' night very soon. #catchup time
Melisia -- that's beautiful!
I thought about going outside and doing something today but my Wi-Fi really doesn't reach very far
finishing the last of my 25 NCA reviews! I've had to pace myself with so many to look at.
Happy Easter, everyone!
Certainly "home".
Thanks for this!
Its gone get real ugly
So sick of seeing guys in full make-up. Whatever happened to rugged good-looks? I know Im a fag but I still like a manly guy for fucks sake!
Done with Muay Thai Training, Car wash. grab some lunch from Chic Fila...time to relax my body for an hour and nap.
should like come back to seattle very soon!! we love you!
RT: damn I got a guestlist wit 600 ppl on it this is some funny sh*t... Get on the LinxList!
NBA Capsules: Grizzlies end Heat&#39;s home winning streak at 17 games
This time of night ...
you still around silver spring? Either of you?
touch terminology is not standardized between different devices. May need a touch gesture reference guide
I just found out that 120 million dollars funds the war in Afghanistan FOR 14 HOURS. Holy crap!
Yeah, I think it does make success, um, sweeter!
People who ride bikes at night without lights are dumbasses!! Get a light and stay alive.
when can we chat? Need to talk to you about whats coming up thanks Ryan
: doing good, writing and enjoying a sunny Saturday. Love the weekend.
Glad I didn't go see Avengers when I was planning to. Completely forgot I never even say the Captain America movie
I get 2 school thinking im a hour late && aint nobody here
RT : Tonight I'm going to a fundraiser for Help Portrait, a program which my friend is involved with.
Don't worry, Perry's pretty tan.
more like pjs and movie in my bed and ordering food night...
wishes American candy companies would keep their cotton pickin hands off Cadbury. British chocolate kicks dupa on its own.
Dan, are you building Skynet?
My dank taste like Leinenkugel.. Thank you for teaching me how to spell it..
lol okay i'm done for a lil while please enjoy these tweets from my sponsors until I'm back from commercial break
Just put a dip in your hip, got daytons on the mothership!!! Gotta love some funk!!!!
I'm gona miss u so much to :'( but I hope u da best and I hope to see u on tuesdayxxx I luv u so much x <3
I just typed, "Happy Friday." Then realized it's only Wednesday. Wah waaah.
I kno that's right!
please follow her she is ur biggest fan and needs u if u follow her it wuld be the best birthday <3
On Monday, we're talking franchise. If you've ever thought of starting a franchise business, tune in!
Oh no, hope it's a quick recovery sort of thing!
Shut up you just got here lol!:P
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 30
so sorry this happened to you - stay positive & concentrate on your recovery - we'll miss you!
I won't pick and choose, ill take all of you.. ill take everything, ill take everything...
Laying in bed with Tara obsessing over Timeflies Tuesday.
I can't say that I blame him.
The difference between a propane tank and a rainbow? One's a propane tank
I love my girlfriend so much I can't put it into words she's the best girlfriend ever
you should be watching royals baseball :-)
Surely they're not writing about you Jeff.
#Nuggets Lawson- Love this team and we're good at every position. I want to be here long term.
Always keep your iPhone in a CASE! You'll save money!
Mahalo Lorrie!!! It means so much when it comes from you! I am honored!
"Innovate, Demonstrate, Amplify" -
Im gonna walk this week.... I cant depend on you anymore
I'm only halfway done with the 1st Hunger Games book, and I'm already sad it is going to end!
Keep me in the loop Scott! Work closely with & our Seattle Prize initiatives as well as
damn rip MCA... not gonna be the same now. pretty hard to top those guys
#OccupyWallSt leads demand 4 econ. & soc. change. What currency r u living by? inspires 2 create ur own! Bring her to #speak!
Back when we could download at school all day and nobody told us it was illegal.
Let me get that last workout in before the weekend !
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.
Any reason I should be having trouble adding an item to my shopping cart?
Well, if Martha (yes, that Martha) is using it...why shouldn't I? (tweeting across the hall is so much easier than shouting)
I still hate the class, but not the teacher. I'll probably never forget what she said.
For all those wondering, is alive and he is well. Great to see O cara in the flesh.
Then later on, on the drive home I called her mom from a pay phone I said I was the cops And your husband’s in jail This state looks Down
To imagine is everything, to know is nothing at all
the biggest joke of the year..congress taking on pro football bounty or thinking they could police the internet
Overhead at Dulles airport. "I don't like Drew Barrymore though, but I like Ellen Paige"
I’ll get back to softly despising humanity, but for now I'm eating chicken and Brussels sprouts simmered all day in a hand-me-down crockpot.
You think so? RT : The best time for planning a book is while you're doing the dishes. ~Agatha Christie
sad, let's go Giants! My Bears r out, so I am cheering for the NY!
Don't you hate when you go to run a red light, and the guy in front of you doesn't?
Please follow the many wonderful achievements of our students and see the changes that our young men experience in this unique high school.
haha I always catch myself just staring at them
Thank you for the #FF, have a great weekend!
Hola.! How are you? Thanks for the love. back at you.
You fought the law, but the law won...bitch!
Join our movement and demand political reform. The people revolution for change is a grass roots internet spawned attempt to force change.
Have you been reading Plato or are these your own deep musings?
Can this day go any slower?
if it's only 3 guys, happy to gift them. Let us know! We'd love to get footage and photos and stuff in return. Tis all
Boring as fuck! :/
which is?
On our way to the
Should I get a new Twitter Photo?? Send me message if yes!
did anyone notice that miley messed up her lyrics at teen choice?
Fowler is playing well!
Thats you man!! Have a great game against Missouri. RT : u da man!
It's unwise to build your life upon material possessions because the pleasure they bring are short lived
Wow there are a lot of lame people with a lot of lame questions on twitter
Thanks for following.
wash my hair in the shower for me so i know it's real ;)
u got da power to let power go
When people spam Austin. -.-
Could you text back any slower ..
Preparing talk for Prof. Valerie Miner's class "Women and the Creative Imagination" tomorrow at First time back since graduation!
As a member of the 1994 #Chargers that just got dominated by the Niners in the Super Bowl. Ron Ron : "I thought we did OK."
i love how beckys inside voice is british
Congrats to FLAT IRON for taking home the CHILI CUP! Great time last night! Thanks to all who participated!
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving”
Sadowsky, yeah! :) I love jazz basses (my Fender American Standard is cool) but I need better neck stability & versatility
I can respect that comment
New post up. Check it. www.ihearttheatre.blogspot.com
Me too...if only they would come to Austin RT : I could live off of bean & rice burritos for real. FOR REAL.
why are our lives so crazy busy right now? Missing you so so much. Xo
the guy at work today asked if i was watching the nfl draft. it took all i had not to laugh in his face.
Ate meaningless food today and wish I could take it back.
Welcome to the Beer Garden.
WHAT? Are you okay?
Why hasn't the emergence of the EPL over the past decade as the world's top league lifted quality of play of England's National Team?
How do block on here
and I don't drop the word stickler for nothing, homie
Good Night Twitter!!!!!!!!Thank you God for blessing me!!!!!!!And good night!!!!
RT : Love scares me. Every time I think I've found it, it leaves me.<------
makes you wonder if there is any concept of an "editor" for the stuff they publish on the web. I don't know if there is.
I am secretary. :p I'll be president soon tho :-)
catch all the live action tonight! pro and college Football Sam Adams specials and 3 tacos for $5.00 see you soon!
I don't blame you. I check my Klout just because I think the topics are hilarious. People who take it seriously drive me nuts!
Thank you for reading the interview! I think he's gonna have another year like 2010!
are you hiring?
Oh..and those don't include anything off nike id...only general releases lol. Nike id doesn't count.
I love adulterating my morning beverage, sounds so dirty!
“: Breaking News: #CoCivilUnions fails 5 to 4 ” DAMMIT! So infuriating on so many levels for equality. Shame on you!
Nobody said you have to like me ;)
And weeps once more
Sounds like a safari. rt Zoo: you can carry gun on grounds of zoo but not in building.
Music Fest- I look (and feel) like a roasted red bell pepper. oh dear...attack of the freckles. I've got enough to share!
Getting ready to tackle the clutter in my closet.
Ok scratch my earlier tweet. It's going to be one of 3: Katrina, Jamar, or Jermaine
why YES, I am following you...
Exactly. If people would stop getting involved in the affairs of a VERY SMALL portion of fans (crays) we'd have no problem!
#iusedtothink i wanted to be single forever. why is this changing now?
you could make even more friends if you linked your checkins to (install.justwing.it) cc:
serious question at what age do babies get their rabies shots
if the new gloves translate to us winning games and going back to the playoffs, they're beautiful, if not I couldn't care less
Actually it is...my hands may be guilty of somethings but my mouth and cooch isn't. You on the other hand....God lost count a long time ago.
Take the white pill you'll feel alright..
Imagine going back in time - but before you do, you look up who you'll marry! One of my characters does just that.
I officially am falling in love with Twitter lol. I'm finding out about so many new things at once it's almost an overload. :)
thank-you !:). I Cant wait see you And guys first show! <3
Thanks! I like the knowledge base idea. We want to write case studies generically; we don't know how real sites were done.
I know...it's just all this is happening right now. trying to take advantage of it. But I hear you <3
": Hens can selectively eject the sperm of undesired mates, often that of lower status males." Kinda like the TL?
you're welcome(:
You’re not supposed to look back, you’re supposed to keep going.
look- i actually read a tweet. that's pretty amazing! I bet Tim is a cute teacher;)
Getting ppl to undertake #socialmedia regularly is like getting them to exercise
RT : Practice loving everything and everybody all the time, but only hang in places and with people who lift u up.
Monthly sales meeting started 2 hrs ago. I just woke up. Trying to come up with excuses for being 2 hrs tardy. None are coming to mind.
not if peprah doesn't use his arms to tackle'
lebron has this look in his eye like "i dont want none david west."
Yeah. It's a fine momentary expression. :-) I just misread it.
Yes, it's true. The world is ending this year. Want Proof? Kenny Rodgers performing at after playing Hell has frozen over!
breakfast @ home on laptop
GOT NEW ACCOUNT “: Its a shame when fame gets to some people's head. #nicki”
Aw I thought he was serious. It should be!
Why is everyone I know from Tappahannock, VA lightskinned? Does Tapahannock have ANY Brown or Dark Skinned people?
-kisses your cheek-
This is so awesome
Its time to think about your telecom charges and renewals for 2012.. Lets make it easy for you. Call us on: 0844 880 2010
RT : Q2 A: Make time for people - at minimum with a response. Communication strengthens any community.
We kill them. We go anywhere and kill them. No matter where they are. Or who they are with. Or who is in the general vicinity.
horrible nights. <<<<
People seem to like having subject specific journals to read. However they do also seem to like multidisciplinary databases. whichway t'day
"It helps when they hit you in the face" - Neil Little
Applying at Petco.
dude spilling bottles he's done
The girls behind who won't stop complaining <<<<<<<<
I can do a ponytail now, so... #What can you do that took time and patience but no effort?
Lexington plays South Aiken there on Saturday in game 1 of march to Lower State Championship. #goWildcats!
thank you, grace!:)
Black Wednesday....Hope you're all being safe tonight
I just want Summer to be here already. I dont want to care about anything! I just wanna have fun :)
True! Kinda bummed I am going to miss it for the networking event, but you have to give back to the community. :)
Bathe in ignorance: follow 's retweets of morons misunderstanding Wikipedia's blackout in protest of SOPA.
If a dental trauma occurs, the best advice is to remain cool, calm and collected. Read and learn the following steps now....
RT : Rest in peace, Junior Seau. Our hearts are with his kids & family, his friends, & his fans. An incredibly sad day here in...
I second that! Go knicks!
flea market montgomery hahaha those pics were awesome :-)
So when is Saturday tasting hour? ;-)
Yep, it's $7.99 a month for me as part of comcasts sport package. All extra sports are included like Speed, etc.
Corbin, Ky ... Where it all began! Laff ass my pussy off!
oh ok....I know u goin through..ur pootters are gone 4 a min
RT : On my way back to ABQ from Las Cruces. Had a great weekend. Playing a show at Vernon's Black Diamond Lounge @ 6:30 Thurs!
Look forward to seeing Sister Bear this weekend!
They were great at the Grammys so I can only imagine how great they were at Lollapalooza!
Are you ready for some fried turkey?
yea you right but then when you do some people always got to fuck it up again....
Twitter say...monster Jam is the shíiiiiiiiit!
RT : We shld be looking at stu work rather than tests alone... portfolios= better representation.
TRUE HAPPINESS MAY BE SOUGHT,THOUGHT,OR CAUGHT-BUT NEVER BOUGHT.bit.ly/02kxhp
: Ms. Caroline an Roz jacked a few people's offices, so it all worked out. Good turn out tonight!
oh goodness. Does she think Jesus is white, too?
I have a subscription and I'm even further behind than that.
#Friday #bumping TIP
#ThingsIDislike Guys who have great hair...but a ugly face.:/
Kate -- don't waste your time. She has like 10 followers. Onward!
Ok, ? 2. Is this going to be an issue putting Perry at OLB? Is he to big? Hasn't he said he wants to be a D end?
Great. RT Most people will never understand a #Capricorn's witty sarcastic humor.
Oh now i fell dum haha
Wish I was !
Do u do hay nets
3 am is a great hour... I still have hours to go before I surrender to sleep!
Happy new year Road unit!
teaching my son to drive...can't believe he is so grown up. Time flies.
6mile run,gorgeous day outside, awesome day with my hubby, #AmazingRace and #MadMen premiere tonight!
An Angels #Nohitter ! Cue the Pujols jokes...
When boys are your best friend before they are your boyfriend. <U+2665>
that's not good
iight bet yall let me kno whats up... n i do the joints.n tell yall to come to the spot
mystyle Q &A: Wicked Fit 's Monica Pietrzak Wicked Fit marketing guru Monica Pietrzak chatted with mystyle about working with friend and
I wanted my special invite...haha
did you see? ALFREDO TWEETED ME :D
oh ok cool...jus thought to speak :)
OMG. Don't even get me started on that. I feel like a horrible mother w/ all of the neglect. Thank goodness for
Always remember bros before hoes....gardening is fun but its not worth losing a friend over.
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com go and register and get full access to all the hockey games tonight and always, enjoy the games!
3RD BBALL COMMITS & SIGNS!!!! Posted a brief in the forum!
It's my parents' 29th anniversary today. I have hardly stayed committed to anything for even half that long. Crazy!
We are now hiring drivers! Are you in the #MKE area? Interested in delivering food from area restaurants to happy customers? DM for info!
GOP won't allow up or down vote on bipartisan Senate bill #RegularOrder?
we definitely will!
OMG a lo sigue OMG OMG OMG :')
#bed so i dont pass out tomorrow night. I gotta get up early and prep for a meeting, and rerecord this track.
no, acronyms are in the techie/scientist realm too. Just don't call us wonks! ;)
Ya me antojaste de un chifrijo!
#TheThingIHateMost when I get one word text messages.
If this were last Sunday you'd be all set.
Yes! We are ready!
“A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.” – Lao Tzu
ain't got nothin up... I'll hit you up
So, WHACK is IN? Guess I missed the memo.....
it WAS intense. took an hour long walk to burn it off, but i think a lot of good will come if it.
lmfao thank baby geeezusss that I AM DONE !!!!!! :D miss you thoooo
I dont know who died. Its a cliffhanger. :/
If They Live Here We Gone Gang Them!
I was just asked to take my tweeting outside. LMAO!
me 2 forever!!!
Just keep in mind you can save 3 lives with the pint you donate!
are you free on Tuesday night by chance? I've got a proposal for you. :-)
I think I just decided to not write a book.
Thanks for the follow! Have a great weekend!
for the last 48 hours, I've been telling people things we learned from you about social media, constantly. Thanks again! :)
I know you can't wait to see me
Thanks For Answerin All My Questions! (: Can iGet A Follow Back?
Need more followers, anyone fancy giving me a shoutout?
You are mine! Ha!
What a change from a months ago. Time flies after 30...
He said something about Swimming Trunks ! lol .
Happy Mothers Day to all you Mommys out there!! Hope you all have a wonderful day<3
Told these guys about putting pics of my ride on You Tube!!<U+E416>
Such a pretty girl gone to waste
Just waiting for that fucking call !
can you follow me please ?
lets make the "Wakey Wakey Eggs and Bakey Pancake Breakfast" happen.
You Are 50 years old and merried I SO WANT To Hang OUT WITH YOU <<<<<<<<<<<.
I am obsessed with
On My Way To Work.
Ion think I'm gonna make tht game.
“: What I've learned is not to change who you are, because eventually you're going to run out of new things to become.”
i got so00000000 mad right now that hell seems like a more suitable place to be right now
hope I didn't have anything to do with u being sick. :(
You meant no offense with your drunken baleydikung?/Delmon Young
We need $20,000 in 20 minutes to hit the million dollar mark! #giveBIG San Diego!
Oh hey, bdubs with and emilyy! Plus like a thousand other people buuutttt....
Say it 2 x's. RT : Girls love it when u tease em wit the head ;)
cool website
Feel bad for all you suckas that still gotta wake up early for school . Mwahahaha ! #FuckSchool #MaineEastIsAJoke #SoIsEveryoneInIt :)
Are you here at AIMS in St Michaels?
cookie crisp>
Follow me! I'll follow u back, I promise!!!
You can either make Money or you can make Excuses. Pick ONE! :-)
the write up is done...sorry it took so long. Let me know if you need to edit.
In order for you to insult me, I would first have to value your opinion.
Who #Designs #Clothes in #Pittsburgh? #Follow me
its official don't worry!!! They got their Shelly birthday loving! <U+2764>
. I was a huge fan already, but totally blown away by your #twist interview with sick, sick wisdom.
Does anyone on here have a quizilla?? I want some more friends on there!! Please!
nigga r u @ work?
Hey Welcome to #Alliclass!
Breakfast Club is great when you're the designated driver... friends buy you breakfast! Another virgin bloody mary, please!
perhaps a *Chinese* fire drill? Quick! Everybody switch seats!
#alexandroberttweettweet follow me follow me tweet tweet 8D 8D
vinny i love you !!!!
weekend is here!! happy hour til 7pm music at 9 with jason cartmell band UFC tomorrow night!!!!
lovin the new "shop stats" option on ! Great way to track customer interest so you can give them what they want!
I WISH WOULD FOLLOW ME BUT I DOUT IT THIS WILL NEVER GET READ :'(
is working a little late tonight at the capitol.
Just a stupid joke. Rush was wrong for calling her a slut. No doubt.
stfd it's horrible
Brothers from and #AlphaPhi supporting at
Always provide fresh water. Leave the water out so that your pet may drink whenever he or she likes.
your welcome :)
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe!
relationship's are like books no point in reading it when you know how 's it's goin to end. I want me a new book lol
when i can't hang out with because i have to go to the gym < :(
me too for some reason - and it's going to be a long flight to croatia! yay for anti-anxiety pills.
can you go tell me how you feel about the new prices...
#oomf seems pretty chill ;)
& are in the building #ClubEve!
Wow seven Mets pitchers have thrown no-hitters. That's impressive. Too bad none of them did it while on the Mets.
THANX TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS!!!!!! I'M NOW FOLLOWING U ALL BACK!!!!!!
High #school math will be the #death of me #algebra #sucks for #parents too
watching Miss March hahaha rly funny
"Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level." ~Peter Drucker
that was definitely better than anything in the NOES remake!!
Doing sports PR for over 10 years. 5 1/2 at FleetCenter/Garden/Bruins and now for a firm w/Breeders Cup, Sox & Pop Warner
Me n my granddad about 2 go down town...
can all of my mb followers follow rocROYAL14310 she really is MINDLESS
Looks like fun to play with. Thanks. I'll be back with more time at some time.
That is going to be hard when Adam has
Love your show.
was that the real Roy or clone?!
L is for the way you look at me!! O is for the only one i see! E! is very very EXTRAordinary..idk the rest haha!
GREAT Photography show of 40 amazing photographers April 26 7-10pm opening Don't miss
Great first day of class with higher ed doctoral students...prepared, engaged, curious, and sharp. Looking forward to next 2 mos together...
Waving to new followers
Can You Make My Life And Can I Get A "Hello Gorgeous?" Or I Love You Brianna.?<3 #NoticeMe :(
We are accepting nominations for our 40 under 40 issue. Email for the application.
maybe but if i were to talk to u then i could have beaten them wit 32 points or it could've been for u(;
of course of course! : )
Laker fans be the main ones talkin about how Westbrook sucks.. He's doggin the shit out of you.. AGAIN!
Ahh well I'll be sure to say hi every time for now on! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Some third graders just thought 's was an Easy Bake Oven and the sculpture on display were white chocolate.
when you tryna ball out?
Woodmark Hotel at Carillon Point has new restaurant with nice new menu. We're tasting the luncheon menu Thursday. Join us - b a taster
man I feel you. They have you buying the entire spice aisle
You're welcome! Thank you as well
I really wanna go back to california
Two jobs and five auditions this afternoon. Stay away
wow- that new rush song is really good!
Only 3 country artists made EW's '30 Greatest Artists of Right Now' & was one of them!!
bro whats your email i wanna collab w/you gotta hot track im sure you'll like!
In the 305-MIA, great weekend to get away
and they love you because of these qualities not despite them.
Laboring to find Delivery Nurses? Tell us what locale you want them out of, what hospitals and we'll get them for you!
Happy Wednesday twitters!! Hope the week is going by quickly!
Thanks G, that wouldn't surprise me. I'll tune in tomorrow for the update.
Wiops, there goes another mini Swiss Army knife.
Idk yet & ok
Aw Beauty and the Beast is on
student quote: "if you fail in life just keep moving" #Learn2Fail at
Working out while listening to dreamchasers 2 >>
I love *NorthStar
Strange guy Colin Powell is. Drove himself out of the event in an old beat up red Ford car!
FUCK that I'm going back to sleep
Looks like my prom plans have changed.... -ImaPrettyThuq)
Sitting here watching last weeks #smash again!!!
Get that weak stuff out of here !!!#GoSpursGo!!!
Welcome to Twitter - the working home of friends and
Haha such an awesome movie!!!!
Cowboys From Hell is a beast of a record, why am I just now discovering it.
I just did. All I'm going to say is that I like Ben... as a quarterback.
seems like just yesterday #OneTime came out. time flys. happy birthday justin<33 (:
HappyBday Katniss Our Girl On Fire (:
#hair service that transformed my hair was......
so true! I hope I run into you. So many people here at sxsw.
lol yup sure did, then when we got power the wind came and I had to sleep on a little coach because of a tree
..but i still love Live for composition-it is so quick and easy to create within, and has great effects.
where u at? Im with a bunch of noobs.
*finally* packing for my trip home. Tomorrow I go to my moms classroom, and sing "Happy Birthday" to her w/ her students. Desert by 2300.
lol did you dance on the table?
Boomdocks is my jam!
Haha.. We were doing the "Along came Polly" where he was like "Make it rain" and throwing it real hard off of the backboard lol
When i'm getting dressed and a speed bump slows me down <<<<
Guys it's 70 degrees... HOODIE WEATHER! Hahahaha
I know I can like a librarian when saying "well everything is on the internet right?" makes them cackle.
i'm pretty sure a part of me died
Reading suddenly becomes very hard to do when it's required.
Wow i'm @ 105 followers! ty all for following! <3
Woo Hoooo!!!! 790Fans! When we get to 1,000 we're going to do a HUGE give-away :D Stay tuned for details and share the love :X
the tears made it better somehow
hey man,how you?
you are hardcore! We didnt know the marathon stakes would be this high!
RT : Shoutout to the groupies that will forever think they can have a celeb and gon die single trying...dumbass
ugh fml awkward
Hahaha, yeah. Gotta go, Lexi's head is hurting again. Another trip the hospital! :( Bye Jessica! Nice talking to you!
My critical methods class is in the jankiest room ever... it's like I'm back at Elgin High!
Good night to the thick ass sexy ass
Pumped for Pack vs G-Men today !!! Need Pack D to bring it and A-Rog an Company to do what they do !!!! GO PACK GO !!!!!!
Facebook charges into 2011 with $500M Goldman Sachs and DST invest half a billion into the social networking site
CLIPPERS mantra #DLFD don't let FRANCISCO down !!
Merry Christmas Eve everyone :) <3
Haha, not quite yet...then again, we are a Twitter #newbie, so we'll see. Thanks for the follow!
Limited Edition Sugar Shack Sliders only $2 now till close. Pick your meat, toppings, and sauce.
grown men arguing like little girls
sent you an email. I'm your Huckleberry.
Just heard broke the $1M threshold and still counting with hours left in the day! #Seattle you are a city of heroes!
At the library trying to study but can't get "I'm real" chorus by J.Lo outta my head. Kinda annoying. #daydrinking immediately after midterm
Tip 1: is the issue really an issue? Do your research see if legislation has passed in other areas, document the issue, have all references
Seeing ex-es is the best. Cue that Gotye song. You might not know it. Doesn't get played too much. Ha.
Yeah, I've been liking it too. A great way to catch up on the top stories from my network.
Already on it! :)
Complaints about red wings. Copy paste. Replace red wings with tigers. Complaints about tigers.
wow seems like u had a bad day
Come to Boston soon please ;*
respectfully disagree with your contention extra force is automatically required.
motivation - you're failing me now. you need to turn it around before the weekend
its 530 am do you know where your children are?
lmaoooo it is, why are u there? I went to hs there loll
Probably in my all-time top 5 favorites.
Wake up! No seriously Wake Up! NO ONE can do it FOR you....however, we WILL do it WITH you!
got your book ordered up at the library :)
The shoot went well
do you know if any of the other bulldog locations have #HopSlam on tap??
give me a date & time fam
People who get in the 10 items or less line that have over 10 items piss me off. Learn how to count you degenerate!
Great job!
“: can I use a lifeline?” Can I be the lifeline ?
remember when you accidentally tweeted "upstream" instead of "UStream" now my friend won't stop texting me that... lol.
I didn't know such a marvelous thing existed. All of my language pet peeves in one spot!
The game has also been replaced with a DVD of video reviews for it.
why? & that's not my prom,I went to junior prom with my friend Shannon,my avi pic is me with my friend Bob from junior prom
That's what we like to hear
smh you don't want that problem bro Lakers are done I hope you know
And, FWIW, I trust Google MUCH more relative to FB
scuba t is enroute
Got my wife the most awesome type specimen book from 1923 sale! She will love it!
best tweet name ever.
#Life is fleeting ): what a terrible way to end a wonderful week... harsh news about untimely death on the west side family
My throat is killing me!
Which right would you choose? The right to work hard and earn more money or the right to earn more money to pay higher taxes?
You guys are amazingly talented and I'm going to support you guys and vote!<3
I know! I can't wait for summer! :]
Especially when the guy that you like barely gives you time of day...
51 minutes of OT.
guy digging on the side of the highway? must be hiding a body. I watch too much criminal minds.
Let us know when you are here we always welcome a new coffee head. Feel free to ask for suggestions!
Today's message: A Viral Conspiracy Acts 9:1-2
Gotta maximize my craft
Omg in love with new icon<3 A++++
The little changes u make in ur daily routine can make in big difference in how much better ufeel.Eat a healthy diet &dont forget 2exercise!
At work. Knicks on ABC. Mets on the iPhone.
Great read! Thanks for the shout out!
Good Morning Everyone!
Giving a gift should be a truly meaningful experience for the giver as well as the recipient. It is our honor to help customers find the...
I love the way your pussy tastes baby; damn you're so fucking sweet. I'm about to put a finger in; here taste how sweet you are! ;)
yeah I've been pretty good too :)
Left Eye and Aaliyah hologram will be at Club Gs Sunday night....hahahaha
Congrats to for being a part of my 100th tweet.
cool. Busy when I get back but I'll check in and see what you're up to.
Right? I try to listen every now and then, but it's not the same as the Gurumobile days.
I was gonna wear them tomorrow lol. Its gonna be warm.
Time to take stock of post-Irene house restoration tasks via
he is a legend
i will
Here's a fun fact: yu Darvish has as many home runs as Albert pujols this season
got my dogtags! Thank you! Still lookimg for that letter!
#resume #tips When you have one job for whole career you might consider a functional resume
Just starting up the blog and a site is in the works. All things sports related but I'm heading up the fantasy section.
inside, admiring the 70 degrees outside.
Reading leads to witchcraft and lesbianism
Private Coaching Sessions w/Kirk Baltz: Available in person, phone and online www.actorsintensive.com Jump start your acting career today!
The moment of enlightenment is when a person's dreams of possibilities become images of probabilities. -Vic Braden
Happy Easter, Tweetsters!
Thanks for retweeting that dude, miss you!
Can we at least getta IKEA in Nola I mean dayum!
Your amazing ..I watch the show for you !!
You'll see it eventually
now *THAT* would be good tv.
They R doing exactly wht #Obama wnts done: #destroy the US #economy & capitalism w it. #Globalists & flat earth economy
I love friday day offs!
I can't with theese Akron QUEENNNSS GUUUUURRRL BOOM
Gloves are off. Round 1 of "Buffett Rule" debate: McConnell calls it a gimmick, says Obama more interested in misleading than leading.
Who's going to the #GPPCMA Retreat in Atlantic City? See you there!
Done with work. Time for some cold refreshing beer
aBook was really funny!
#NP Beer for my horses.
You're such a creep ass
#ElephilmsFam is at Northcoast!! Where you all at? Try to spot and
Its amazing how the presence or absence of one person can have an affect on your mood.
laker fans be getting so upset when u just being realistic about their team. They think they winning a ring every yr lol
May the 4th! Star Wars Day :)
that's my job. You can sleep when the sun go down. Plus its a court right across the street 4rm yo house. Get to work.
BABY is number 6 on iTunes!!!!
My 4 year old son has Tetralogy of Fallot.
I'm the weird person who goes thru my contact list so I can look at all the names and remember the memories.
Missing everyone back home! Only 4 days left in Toronto
what is pottermore?
Congrats for their show at Gramercy Theater in NYC Friday! Heard it was a great show!
Pumpkin spice tea after my PS coffee with a PS muffin and a PS candle burning. In autumn, I have a problem
The secret of happiness is to count your blessings while others are adding up their troubles.
don't end up in the bed with chase again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
thanks again for the drive home ... seeing as my designated driver was more drunk than I was.
following back
Turn up!!
Duke goes down!!! Early! To a bunch of dope smoking ski enthusiasts who can't spell Duke. Wonderful!!
Keep the faith and hold on to GODS unchanging hand my lovely people of AFRICA. Poverty is a the new disease that never goes out of style!
like me(:
Wow, what a GORGEOUS day it was!
outstanding Italian sub today! My first visit won't be my last.
RT : Water Rate Protests received=13,664, well below protest threshold; Council approves water rate increase 6-2 (D5&D7=no)
I have my personal one, this one for the Boyz & Vinny, and I have one for BTR cause I love them haha
please come back...one more year, we love you!
good luck, we closed the deal a couple weeks ago.
Wooh! Finish exams :D
safe travels, have a good summer
love the background :-)
Thanks for following! Audition-studio.com
Rode 8.6 mi on route 'Home to work plus some', in 44 mins (avg: 11.73 mph) on my 2009 Gary Fisher bike.
Sure! What colours and stuff?
Hanging Out at Jen's job: Channel 12 News in the Bronx. News Team Assemble!!!!! lol
impossible, UNC fans don't have any friends.
when im doinq qood in a relationship theres always that one person that trys to ruin it
RT : One of our lucky Green Mill followers will win a $10 Gift Card TODAY! Just RT this message to enter. Ready. Set. Go.
Tonight at Trapeze Ft Lauderdale: It's a Toga Party!! And Join Sat for MILF Party w/ Pole Dance Contest!!
It feel too good outside
I really wish people would put how much longer to my birthday as there user names! Who ever does I will give a shout out! It is in 26 days
Tia Kari. Honestly, she thinks I have liek 0 friends...but like I told you, I just don't like to go out over here..but it's
"it's not Mexican anymore"
Voter suppression in place in Virginia...voter registration + ID !! Have to spread the word abt how to get proper ID!
I hope The Avengers movie doesn't suck
Ah, the 70s...when even hack reporters had real dedication to their jobs.
Friday trail running is always awesome
That sounds SO amazing!
talked a little about Memento Depot. Dbpedia is our 2010 LDOW paper, Live Dbpedia is forthcoming DLib paper.
I never lie. That's a lie.
oh fun! Send me some of those craw dads! M
it's annoying...but we are blessed to have daddy's who care “: my dad is like that I have to go through him first”
yo write on the twitter that we got the shipment in!
Wasn't the nba cracking down on flops? Just like Boston fans, a bunch of fake cry babies
oh that shit called sleep paralysis
Thanks! I'll have to come down to read and print that out.
White stuff is falling from the sky. What could it be? Looks like dandruff clouds are shedding.
man how i feel fuck friends who need them
One week until the Tony's! Gotta rediscover my jazz hands.
Thanks for getting me over 400 followers! You all rock!
Agreed. My Christmas Tree is not lighted and never will be if I can help it.
Yep. RT : Things in your past have made u who u are today. stronger, smarter, and ready for the FUTURE!
Post-dissertation, I want to do an edited volume on the Anthropology of Obsolescence/Decline. Who's in?
One cool thing when writing a book is that when you are done with a character he can simply died :D
In da building w all up n Vip
Talking library related legislation at the COL/Leg Assembly joint meeting
This Is Just Crazy..! Im Mad I..Punched A hole In My Wall,Screamed At My Cat, And Screamed At The Neighborhood :(
Sometimes I keep my feelings to myself because it's hard for someone else to understand”
Ima man of position ima man of influence
Be the best ever.
Happy Mother's Day!
you forgot 1 thing... american football haha
I take it that you SUCK in English cuz it yes he WAS
So much love to today, an incredible man, mentor and friend.
Luv that our vehicle has wi-fi & #iPhone chargers so we can tweet & stay connected while we travel.
i love your story <3
Okay - my cold is gone and I'm ready for Monday. ;)
Damn my old ipod music is so good.
I hate when the bottom of my pants leg get wet from the rain eew!
Our policy is 24+, but we'll do jobs as low as 12.
: Hiding in a shelf at Walmart and grabbing random people's ankles when they walk by...
dude Love Drug is like one of my favorite songs!!!! Can't wait to jam it the next two days likes a boss!!
Gossip's new album is taking me places right now.
Two hard boiled eggs and green tea w/ honey for breakfast.
No! (Okay)
oh watch out. Is it the one that's like mine?
Yes! Betty White redeems the #Superbowl ads.
Contact with a high-minded woman is good for the life of any man - Henry Vincent
I'm really looking forward to finishing this Petit Courbu off tomorrow. Will be interested to see what happens to it overnight
Did I hear that right? Bryce Harper has JJ Hardy's Moby at bat song??
In defense of bullies, don't label them bullies, call them "students who bully" same with "victims" call them "students that were bullied.
next I think I'll play "come away" by, yes, Anything Box - wonderful songs
You have to do things that average people don’t understand, because those are the only good things. -- Andy Warhol
Uptown hookah packed already!!
I need to save money!
my opinion is that the rates should be what ever the free market sets them at.
trying to find porschia on twitter!!!
this is legit. I want to meet the maine!
Am reading a zombie version of The Gingerbread Man to them today (via ), hoping that appeals and inspires.
....if I pick it up, I'll be there right on time.
if your going to right about hockey, can you contribute 4 features very 2 weeks?
#NP Melanie Fiona : Been That Girl
it was great connecting with you as well. It's always nice meeting people that want to help sharpen young professionals.
In the prime of his career, 2000-2007, Warren Sapp earned $43,612,490. Yet today it is being reported that he filed for bankruptcy!!
Alternative School Again.. For Tha Rest Of The Year, I Hatee Hchs . Ughh.
price you pay for being famous I guess lol
yea, the BRONX
right back at ya! can't wait to see the gorgeousness you have been working on :)!
can I get a followback please!
How about them #Dolphins? Can they run off 7 straight and sneak into the AFC east division title? Stranger things have happened!
Gotcha.. its pretty funny!
until further notice, if i don't respond, it's bc i'm asleep. if that seems unlikely, just go with it.
Just realized I've been quoting the movie View From Above for years: "You put the wrong em-phasis on the wrong syll-able."
Glad to see is having a retweet party tonight.
I tried French this year, let me just say, it is not my forte! LOL
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
Are you coming back to team up with Triple H as DX to win the tag team championship? all of your fans hope so!!
If tweetcaster force close on me one more time. It's going to be r.i.p.for it
John Baker on dry erase markers - I didn't know they worked on paper. Guess what? They do!
cracked 6 eggs. average weight = 1.73 oz. standard deviation = 0.05 oz. amazingly consistent!
l know!
really awesome
"I need to laugh, and when the sun is out, I've got something I can laugh about."
Word to my muva, I bring the rarri out.
Need a Recharge? Stop by the #Educause Power Station to reenergize your batteries & learn more about
You know you're taking a shower to procrastinate when you spend three and a half minutes scrubbing the palms of your hands with a loofa.
Another sunny day (doesn't look like we're going to break 65-degrees tho); live music @ the Brown; Karaoke @ Dingbats; DJ Jack @ the Coney..
Just paid $10 for a $550 phone! :)
I have to do it all on my own bc of lack of insurance. I got a book & Ive been trying to memorize them. It seems the more I do >
you're coming over?
#tigerwoods Pebble Beach National Pro-Am, I would love to see a Tiger WIN! <3
Friday i let the party get the best of me ^_^
I bet! But so rewarding at the same time! Let me know how it all goes :)
Good to know that. She already made you feel proud at this age. You are lucky!!!
#youknowyourhighwhen you can never hit the ending note on
“There’s only one God, ma’am,and I’m pretty sure he doesn’t dress like that.” -"Captain America" -The Avengers movie
Good Morning, Please take out a second to
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who always have you ctfu !
It's all jhutch's fault cuz he is playing Peeta in #thehungergames. Is disgusting how I like him.
Off for another long filled day full of work then meetings about the world ending.
Yes, Becuase guys are jerks, I hate them all.
Playoff Basketball is not boring, that's for sure! :)
that sounds both spiritual and kinky
Ah. At least you save $$s. $8.00 for the large container. I blame my for making me an addict
You'd have to be a dumbass to believe #GOP spin #JPM decline is cause of over regulation.
BREAKING: RT Legislators think the end is near
Still The Badest Bitch !
: The Artinfo thing? Not sure, but I posted it on the Walker site and we tweeted it. Glad to see it's getting attention!
A long wait at the CVS pharmacy has opened my eyes to the comeback of old school candies: laffy taffy, razzles, warheads, oh my!
Oh no. my stomach is starting to hurt again... i dont think there's anything left inside me though.
indeed my boy indeed
oh he's got
A civil disobedience.
#SomeWhereOutThere is a girl who just got some shoes from Bakers and when she goes out tonight.....you won't be able to tell her NOTHIN!
Not many have found success in fighting once they start their own gym. Its usually Bcuz they pick their sparring instead of surviving
i agree! Go Maltese!
if I was in Louisville, I would be going to flabbys with you. Love that place
what kinda goodies are you giving away on this hump day?! :)
yo can you call me as soon as you can. Trying to put this reel together and I need a Lil footage from yah. Peace
Freedomm is just a
You can have everything you want in life if you'll just help enough other people get what they want.
Who will be the new face of RocRio Designs?????? you are not ready this.....????? #fashiongigs #F³
oh .....I give it up for love all the time. I admit it .....I'm addicted. \8^)
Bye Bye Birdie rehearsal went amazing today! Great job guyss!!! Good luck tommorw ;*
that doesn't seem awesome at all. That seems terrible!
AP story reporting Whitney Houston has died...
I would like to apologies for any misappropriated messages that went out on twitter. I was hacked.
what time is it there? awkiesss
thanks man I owe you 1
no problem(;
bro when you get outta the powda this season, hit me up for some stock tips and tricks
it volunteer 4 now but will eventually B a paid job gotta start sumwhere & it is doin wat I love 2 do :) blessings 2 U
Good morning Friends! Stay dry in this #Miami weather :)
Happy Wednesday! Today we'll be closed 4-5pm to set up for a FREE PLAY Party! Just $5 at the door for gaming all night. Doors at 5pm, 21+!
Getting ready for Cross Church "Moving Forward Conference" day sessions here in Bakersfield, Cali.
you suck. Nice
Number 4: Ethiopian Queen : The well fed ones though...
Ha! Yes! That one is so true.
We would just now be learning about the environment in geography
Omg I have the worst allergies.. Completely out of the blue.. Haven't felt like this in years
u moved?! I am home next weekend!
At the Venice Beach hoop courts getting my Billy Hoyle on
I just posted a new blog...check it out on www.thehome-office.com It's all about home-based business true grit. Helene, The HBB Expert!
hi,i'm the girl who loves you ;)
We'll see you all tomorrow that are attending the Breaking the Silence Luncheon! It should be a wonderful program again this year!! :)
Note new location for likemind Chicago - Spa Cafe, 112 W. Monroe, between Clark and LaSalle Streets in the Loop
Order your holiday treats today! Pies, cookies, tarts, cupcakes, stuffin' muffins, and pastries, oh my! www.kangaandroux.com
They have plenty of spare time to debate important issues like home brewing, with their top notch education system at
I swear my syncing software ate a chapter draft. NOT COOL,
Great workshop with Melanie Burgess!
Thank you for the heads up :]
Reading Chapter 1 re: getting rid of clutter. I needed this reminder! Muy importante!
Oh I'll try lol Chris Motionless is only the sexiest mother fucker alive. :D Haha.
Cant sleep -___-
Where your finish line becomes/a crayon-box horizon - the disenfranchised/cones in our eyes (an affinity for/colder days and nights)
I love my mother<3... Shes the first women ANY man should love! <3
"Why are people depressed? Mental imbalance, loss of piety, the seasons, tides, the moon...the COSMOS!" -Social Theory prof.
It may not be sexy but you have to do the unglamourous work to establish leadership competence
Mediterranean-Style Diet Improves Heart Function
Was the Voting Close for NBA MVP between LeBron James & whoever was Runnerup (Kevin Durant) etc?
make sure you hit the Drover!!! My favorite place when I'm in Omaha. Best glazed carrot in town.
It's a pretty day today :)
I'm still embarrassed isabel told Trent
That would be a Nemo's call -we have no control over that. We will be serving free dogs, #BabyRuth candy bars, &
wah...what will he tell Jesus when his name is called?
stop tweeting at the table
Nap-doped. Day one of unemployment.
The secret of a free day is that you don't tell anyone you have one.
Never regret. If it’s good, it’s wonderful. If it’s bad, it’s experience.
Worst case of hiccups I've ever heard coming from this man next to me.
Check out - he's the casting director that put together the cast of Jersey Shore
THANK YOU pastor! i might have to "borrow" (morning assault) as my am hashtag ##
Did I miss anything last night?
Dr. Oz says there's a "sexual famine" in America...yup, and it's right at my damn doorstep.
my birthday was awesome becuz madison followed me :)!! i turned 19
Started out to make chicken & dumplings. Made a U-turn into smoked paprika & shallot chicken with polenta.
ATTENTION!!!! Official pricing is $17 money due Monday or tuesday please Shirts should be in by not this tuesday but next tuesday
Positive forward quick action crushes fear and doubt. -Zach Marcy
#InMiddleSchool flipping a lock was beyond BA.
I wanna rock wit u
Right now, I'm eating a god damn banana and trying to figure out how to do this shit. I am a computer retard.
is it raining?
I won't be anybody's second choice. You either choose me or you fucking loose me.
it's taking me forever to tag all the people in Facebook
I hate it when people argue on twitter :(
yes sir, Aaron white is the real deal.
Great talking to you as well! Thank you for ALL that you do!
Netflix Subscription - $8.00 Dr.Pepper - $1.79 Blanket - $15.00 Staying up, watching movies && hearing Matthew and Toupoc snore. Priceless.
TODAY IS GOING TO BE A GOOD DAY LMAO....I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!!!
Lil Kim was definitely on my flight...she's 4'9" MAX
#calibconf awesome repurposing ereaders to book club in a box program sac public!
Maisha house w/ me ??
Everyone follow I'll dm/follow whoever does! Retweet to let me know you did :)
lol sorry! No its because I had people complaining about me complaining at one point not trying to insult you!
Damn do ppl just tweet n tweet n bullshit all damn day.. fuck.. go do something wit ur self, enjoy life
If you don't turn up listening to flocka something wrong
Absolutely. We're planning on updating it often as new #dealpro folks pop up on our radar. :) Feel free to recommend people!
Thanks for sharing! :)
Coconut creamer! I have to try that. I already drink coconut milk with my cereal.
With all this practice I'm getting with Draw Something, you'd think I wouldn't still draw like a 5-year-old.
we do them in a separate space or lobby. Lose some but those there really want 2 engage.
definitely sitting in silence. Get that bitch a hearing aid, Bitches love hearing aids.
i hope the lakers make bynum their franchise player - so that they'll crash and burn.
Going to c my man Kevin Howard rock 1st Friday...
RT : Finally caught up on 4th and forever. Great show. Watch it.
thanks Josh. Firm believer that wine was made for great clothes :)
quick lunch... someone help me escape!
We are talking smack about you since I showed your film to my animation class.
Well Faith you must have been hearing something else cause I am not a Hanson fan. M no. :)
Y can I not stop thinking about him is it cuz he hurt me or cuz we was my first!!
I'm scared for how obsessed I will be, haha!
wat it do how r u!
100 thousand on the watch, who say u cant buy time?
I never date men younger than me. But my neighbor.....YOU ARE THE ONLY EXCEPTION
watch the deleted scene one
Good gawd.....the Countess is singing again. Lord help me.
RT : On the road again, headed to Roch Vegas for biggest game of the year...NLL championship game saturday at 730
how's blue earth m'dear? we miss you in Seattle
That article was about a town in Montana... I'm surprised they've even heard of it by now.
Hey I heard what happened I hope you recover real soon... But I missed my alto buddy today:)
Yes. it would be. it would be funnier if you had a really awkward name instead ahaha. only kidding though, but really.
exactly. Whoever it is, I've been there and it's not worth abuse in any form. :/
#stressedout now until finals are over
Stray Cat Strut
Current design guidance is not keeping up with existing literature on transpo. Sharrows took a decade to get into the current manuals
If I ask my mom to take a picture for me with my phone there is a 99% chance it will be a video of me yelling "IT'S THE BUTTON ON FRONT!"
hi guys! it took the beaudins to get me back on twitter! :) miss u guys also. we're doing great!!!
Get a head start on this happy trail - Attleboro Sun Chronicle
Thanks for following us you seem like a really cool group!
"my youth was just sold off I mint condition, and with no store credit!" how lame.
All applicants notified [via email] will soon be publishing line up!
Words matter. An apology and measured response seem to be in order.
Me n other geminis don't get along
lol I hit you up the other day to get no response.
Simple Pleasure of Springtime: Savoring that very first perfectly ripe just-picked loquat. M.
If there is ever a real tornado during school there is no way in hell I'm staying on the second floor!
'GARY' Is better than some of the names that float around our office. ;)
It's politics, and Hip Hop is the scapegoat. Horrid, but a sad reality.
It is time to see what you are really made of!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH damn julie,u literally made my morning!!! good one, mama! lolz
Is it immature of me to have a strong desire to watch the twilight movies?
well I will be breathing with you tonight!
Still going! Reading MAM admission applications galore!
I wonder if is gonna go to Guatemala or El Salvador :D
Now Chinese food is also clinging to my inner mind's stomach
Why am I tired I slept like 11 hours today
Drunk Senior citizen karaoke
I felt some gibbering terror when the journalist used "baited breath" instead of bated. Honestly people.
If you're a guy, don't text me every day. I find it EXTREMELY annoying. Leave my phone alone.
We have just about every size and color of St. Christopher medals at Schwanke-Kasten. Engraver will be in on Thursday!
If I were to ever win the lottery, the first thing I'd do is make sure my mom could retire. :P
happy birthday love
Yes, but it's a different type of observation. Academic direcors get super petty as if they have a quota to fill.
hahahaha, I like that! I'm IN too.
RT Free Vault Soda from anytime you show your MUID. No purchase needed
Goodnight you guys.!
ohh i was reading ur UserName :)
BTW. how do I follow back on the blip fm thingy. Where does the reblip go?
If you believe in your revelation and idea, it will come true
At www.NewspapersforTheBlind.ORG Jerusalem Post ~ Abbas- Israel Must Stop Settlements
maintaining the status quo will get you left behind.
Congrats on the #EMMY nomination !
happy #ff and thanks for the reminder! Will get my VIP tix right now.
Any home remedies for a wicked sore throat?
Happy 4th of July! We hope everyone is enjoying the day!
i already kno sugar....real Gs stick together...
he's coming next monday to miami cant wait to see my little baby boy
Cause I'm never goin down, I'm never givin up. I'm never gonna leave, so putcha hands upp.
Our District admins who withold Title I, II & I from poor kids should be held under the moral microscope! Don't H8, educ8!
Up thinking... Feel empty as fuck!
Thanks for the mention.
no! I wasn't with her
Will never understand a non-designers aversion to
Thanks Thomas Boutell, Tom Lane, and others for pushing .PNG. Thank you Mr. Fromme for suggesting "PNG Is Not Gif" -PING!
i hate this damned #brokenheart of mine
DBD would smack you for saying he's more important than #lennon ..you are already bad enough at chatting sports..now music 2 ?
Dear Cris Carter hasn't added anything meaningful to your programming. It's time to cut bait
I see gaga everywhere!!!!!
Watching #projectrunway can't believe I slept all day and missed it
follow me
I know I figured it out yesterday. I hate yes dear. Because they usually played it till one. Not anymore -_-
Yes! RT : Thank you Coach Hinson, , and Conner for being such great jayhawks.
RT : New blog on getting your game ready 4 when U.S. legalization: tinyurl.com/42ndv36" Good read. >> thx mike!
En route to Austin for Keller Williams Franchise Systems Orientation... Who is there to connect?
Firmer Fantasyland dates, details released | Video
I know hijinks ensue, but what do the other two do? RT : Hijinks! Shenanigans! Tomfoolery!
Your "Spontaneous Scholarships for SAA Annual Meeting" is a wonderful idea. Reminds me that #archivists are a community. TY!
PLR products are not enough for creating a loyal trusting following.
Thanks... we really appreciate the shout out!
I'd like to wish all the LA comedy promoters good luck in getting an audience tonight.
We have a winner! Good job Joe!
: Please don't open a DM from me that says "someone is saying bad things about you"
These flops should seriously draw a tech. No joke.
lol met a girl who thot X was my last name
Despite the mess, I am still proud to be a Penn State Nittany Lion.
lol OK how are you doing.
Mexico Institute, please take me.
In my daughters Barbie shoe store you get a free horse with a pair of boots! What a deal!
as in an interstitial series? That's a goal :) let's email. Dm me your direct email so we can chat more in depth
It was bound to happen sooner than later! It's perfect jorts weather.
marc better than pau gasol and ion give a fuck what nobody say. atleast this season
The average person's skin weighs twice as much as their brain. Just a random fact :)
So, what's it like in the real world? Well, the food is better, but beyond that, I don't recommend it. ~ Bill Watterson
Thats good stuff
OMG that sounds dangerous haha... I'm slightly tempted by that description, not gonna lie!
so i just gotta say, i love ur tweets:)
Unbelievable.... tries to act as if it is a matter of opinion whether or not she took a vote
me too! I'm half-temped to go try to sleep in my big yellow bean bag chair
oh, I see that you aren't happy to read me.. :S not problem :)
Coachella With Anyone else coming?
Debit NYC Green Cart $1,100 Credit Investment in NYC Green Cart $1,100 Thank you to my first-round investors!
In Denver for AERA. Just landed. Now to make the long trek from the Denver airport to actual Denver.
Don’t forget…Next week is Admin. Professionals week and we are offering $25 promo cards for take-out orders of $150 or more!
. We love the Jade travel mat. Light enough to travel, but rugged and nonslip. Great bang for the buck + lots of colors too!
Play Self Destruction -lol
1OAK dancers look like Black Swan...nightclub version
Introducing to "Call Me Maybe" bahahaha. I can tell he loves it.
"The words you'll most regret are the ones that are left unsaid." <U+2764>
I soo need to vent cause these weird feelings I'm having are killing me
Stop it
Sending a wish up to that bright star lighting up the sky tonight....
Shutter Island with my mom. "Oh yeah...Mom, I forgot to tell you, Leonardo DiCaprio is my boyfriend" :]
If its the last thing ill do from this day forward ill prove that to you I love you baby.
Right back atcha!
Summer’s in the air, & baby, Heaven's in your eyes. <3
Never seems to work.
Terence Edwards...thanks again for the follow. -douggieb
Tomorrow may be too late to trend #prayforlewismighty He is a beautiful 7 yr old boy given just hours to live!
would UK have to win the tourney to secure #1 seed? Overall#1 I'm sure they would have to unless the Cuse tumble
I'd have to pull up the cache files to get my fix
Final tips are being shared and closing down. Dry run and having host is critical
5 Bald Eagles in Occidental Square this afternoon! Seagulls are in a tizzy. Wish I had my camera.
I change a Chris Brown song as quick as I change an Uncle Kracker one.
the loss of habitable affordable housing in our nation (and city) should constitute one big crime scene. Just sayin'.
Don't act like you don't know! I told you when I was at your house I was making a new account
I'm sneaking her a filled flask just to make the reception more interesting...
back to sleep
At work living the fucking dream
Snow in New Mexico. Stay warm and drive safe. Have a safe Monday!!!
Today’s MOCA specials: Soup of the day is Salmon Chowder. Sugar free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Happy Cinco De Mayo! We're open 12pm-4pm for lunch & hangover fixin' & 11pm-3am for late night!
haha i think you need to switch careers
#msnbc get rid of Andrea Mitchell- tired of her TRYING 2 tell me HOW & WHAT to THINK!! I CAN THINK on my own! She is a disappointment 4 tv!!
What da hell is a break booster ? What job is it to make a car run? Damn piece cost $600. Really?
Thank you to for her great story on the California Innocence Project!
Fox news will be reporting the loss of me on Facebook, guess I'm that big of a deal.
i sswear if Ed Sheeran starts getting famous around here shits going down.... that will be just not exceptable..
I want hooka ...
i'm happy i didn't get this gig,only pays 1125.00 i can go to another gig which pays $3000.00.
Lmao *wipes tears* memories...
young womens prom all girl schoolio
I'm bored.
When buying your ISE tickets, make sure to use the promo code BLACKDOG for $2 off!
#BeavisandButthead werewolves of highland and crying was the funnest thing on tv
buy a ticket for our richmond show to see us play with I the breather? lol
. and have taken the stage to introduce the film. Now the lights are dimming...
its my birthday today, and the best present ever would be a tweet from you!!!!
First time ever drinking a beer. Ever. It's alright. Nothing to write home about.
love what??
Sweet, cinnamony goodness! Try McD's Cinnamon Melts. What a yummy way to start your day!
Fuck Lady Gaga!! That's what my brother said before i killed him... :)
Remember That Every New Mahomie That Joins Our Family Equals One Less Hater That Hates On Our Family.
did I ever mention you guys are awesome!? Love what you guys do and post. Thanks for all the great content.
You should be #FuriouslyHappy But will this cut into the cleaning of ALL THE THINGS?
can i Pretty Please get a follow back from ur sexy self?? :) It would make my night! Please?? <333333
loved that
RT Martin Van Buren was the first president born in the USA. Obama was also born in the USA.
"I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me." Phillippians 4:13
A large gang of seniors have invaded Riverplace. They are armed with paddles and floatations devices.
oh stop...what time does it end?
She dnt text me nomore , And we kinda got into it
awe as soon as I go back home your gonna see the pebster :D
Friday today!!!! Only a week and a half left of school!!!! Only now for the sun to come out! =) <3 <3 <3
I'm on Team Mary.
you know U could scrape #stubhub for #PTBM tickets, void them & sell 2 fans. U state UR against resale @ profit. How many PTBM sold?
RT : RT : "I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.” ~ Charlotte Bronte
Great taste!!
Panera just blew up my timeline
RT : "No, Tiger -- that's another Easter egg. We still can't find your ball." Happy Easter, everyone!
He would have an aneurysm at a Duke practice RT New Post -- Don't even think about flopping in front of Jeff Van Gundy
or something that isn't permanent b/c of space provisions. Will think of something for those really hot days!
Day #2 of perfect weather and I'm stuck working
Sadness is having a good friend you rarely see tell you she is going to be in Baltimore when you're going to be out of town.
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears. And the kindest hearts have felt the most pain.
s One Things on ! Yay
photos of today's adventures are up at ict2dc.com!
don't forget Acensio
The last 10 minutes are nothing close to a clinic on good basketball, but a testament to desire, heart & hustle.
There are two sure fire success stories in this world <U+0096> (i) food business and (ii) clothing business
#ifSantaWasBlack he'd trend grammatically correctly. It should be
Delightful Diner Dinner :)
who is at Esperanza and wants to make 5$?
humanitarian aid needs help organizing to be efficient but who will do this?
hell yea most on fan tho
Delays, broken seats, and no legroom...3 reasons I am reminded to avoid At least the crews on flights 1086 and 1812 were nice.
The Moral of watching The Tudors: If you are a musician in Henry VI's court, things will not end well for you.
Fun night tonight! I will be test diving the allroad Revival at Hoehn Audi at there Pre-Launch party:)
Aww man, its currently 82 degrees in my room...
Is it the two live stews?
The debt ceiling has nothing to do with social security.
What grade are you in ?? And tell your brother i said hi . I miss that kid .
That's right people, [last tweet] i was hanging out with the wrong crowd...
A great way to stay motivated is to run with a group. Most running groups welcome runners of all skill and fitness levels!
: 75% of #Latinos believe most people can get ahead with hard work. 58% of general population believe the same.
I WANT SUMTHIN WET SOFT & CREAMY
its all over now.
Wishing work had flex Fridays. Meaning, I wish I didn't have to work today. :-)
15 mins to get to to see the final screening of Summer 2011 term. 'Ichi the Killer' needs to be seen to be believed.
Lazy fact #75483912765859723, You were too lazy to read that number.
I happen to know a female working within each major sports team in CLE. The future!
sup girl
#ThatHappyMoment when you're hungry and you realize you still have leftovers from your favorite restaurant
compression shorts men
"Power of Digital Inclusion: Tech's Impact on Employment for People w/Disabilities" preso w/James White conference this am.
would you rather be stewie from family guy or sid the sloth?
i know right!? I don't get it he's like 25
big congrats, be sure to twitpic us when you take it out! RT : OMG!!!!!!!! Thank You!!!!!!! :D
The San Diego #SustainableFeast is happening until 3pm today at Liberty Station!
U wear w/e u would like and I'll go off than when u and come over for #cocktails. Dave is in appelton 4 the night.
I hate when it's bogo small percent off. Like, hey, I don't want to buy a full price one to get a terrible discount
In war there is no substitute for victory.
Even though I'm driving to st. Louis anyway. Lol
#BestMemoryof2011 getting 2 meet twice :) and hugging him 4 times :)))
My brain exploded when I saw that Nintendo was charging a few bucks for office apps. Seriously, 3DS Calculator for $3? Geez, that's a rip.
sorry, I stopped reading after I saw "geraldo".
about to see Death Cab!
I wish i still had my bestfriend back in WA ..</3 :(
How to get Authentic Prada Handbags at any Discount? ~ U Bizz Blog
"The will to win means nothing if you haven't the will to prepare." J Ikanga
i<U+2665> ur hair tutorials they are really easy to follow...(this sounds weird) i would like to request a prom/party make up and hair
#BlueSkies I can dig it.
SUPER. BOWL.
Time to find a hobby with all this time off. Maybe I'll find a 100,000 piece puzzle. That should keep me busy til baseball season
hahaha yeah it is
It's a BEAUTIFUL DAY! Don't let it Slip Away!
or my llamas.
La Popular burritos oh how I missed you. There is nothing like you!
watching suburgatory, feel like i'm watching new moon
I think I am your 5th!
Omg catching fire is still depressing! It's depressing from the beginning of the book to even the middle of the book! There's no happiness<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Scholastic Pick-Up Line: Um...I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
:) “: Yeah, I'm gonna have a hard time calling that a "slide" in the story. RT : Slide of the year right there.”
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 22
well with the super bowl going down the drain it's time for some real action... Let's go x games!
you ok? what happened
im scared:(
Just ordered my blood test. Operation: Diet Customization is almost complete. Maybe an Diary to keep me in check?
Vin webber: issue interest groups do more to distort campaign spending than anything else
FOLLOW MY BRO the producer real nigga shit!
Hot girls have problems to.
“Human beings are the only creatures on the earth that claim a God & the only living thing that behaves like it hasn’t got one.” B. Robinson
RAIN RAIN GO AWAY !
ugh! Lol that's a really good idea, do you think he'll let us turn it in together? Cause I'm so tired right now
you go workout in khakis and you tell me how that goes
I hope to live to hear that good communication corrects bad manners. ~ Benjamin Banneker
On 11:11 I wish for one thing n one thing only..
oh yeah!
Clearly #Deadmau5 hasn't learned that variety is the spice of life.
Wow this is a well thought out gift guide with some unique ideas, thanks!
I'm in Dallas now
I'm begging you...take Brett to every game! Ha ha.
yes it is they will have a good shot and seeing it if sky is clear
He still makes music ?
can sum1 tweet me im bored
If I dont take time out to tweet every 15 minutes or so Ill snap.
Bubba Watson looks like a combo of Andy Kaufman and Roger Federer.
Yes me too. She is an inspiration. RT : I'm so happy to see and standing up for women religious.
"Cabot gives him a push away that sends him sprawling- laughing with withering contempt."- DESIRE UNDER THE ELMS
it's simply a presentation on common grounds between very different parties. It should be interesting
yup. Chaco quarter launch was today.
I forgot about that, lol.
that really sucks :(
It's RACE day!
I like them ? Lol I hate the Yankees
cool go ahead and fly over to the gym and run for about tw weeks. btw i figure thats a movie qoute.
A big hello and thank you to all of the great fans I met at the #FrozenFour in Tampa this past week. Best sporting event going.
I cn tell I'm tha only one that's a plus tho :-)
I've tied EVERYTHING to fix my remote. No dice.
Listening to #werq out on that stage.
RT : In 2001, prodcution of Etch A Sketch moved from Ohio to Shenzen, China
Cadence Named a Winner of the Prestigious UBM Electronics ACE Awards in the Software Ultimate Products Category
Robust figures.
THANKS! I'LL TRY TO BRING YOU MORE HELPFUL HINTS. LOL!!
good thing i have that itch to see toy story 3....cant wait till midnight! :)
We only need FIVE more FB friends to break 100! Tell your friends to check us out!
Twitter isn't loading right, why
I am emotionally Drained right now!! I'm Blessed to have my family SAFE! Awaiting Word on lots of Friends! Praying! Homes can b Replaced
Girls Sweet 16 Glasgow making a furious charge...trails Butler 52-49 :25 remaining.
are two big venues with rockin' crowds for the games. Download Bartab & redeem a drink for $1.00!
Team EastSide Welcome To Our Side .
Now there's an interesting idea! Looks like 70 degrees today? Ah, the southland.
It's Sunday. Put down the tools and relax!
that awkward moment when you realize that a girl thinks you're staring at her, when you were really lusting after the motorcycle behind her
happy birthday Nicolette!!!! Hope your day is amazing beautiful! <3 you deserve it #YOLO #yiiiiiii :D
thanks so much had a blast ! Jace thank you so much my friend
no smart business wise people come for spidey but see iron fist luke cage white tiger who can then get spin offs
Text this to someone: I just love making you check your phone for no reason, who's my bi$ch? You are.
Chrysler makes the best car commericals
T1: Is the issue keeping EMR access secure, or messaging/paging secure? IMHO one is way easier than the other
Just tapped Issaquah's White Frog Belgium Wit.
I should just make running my girlfriend.
We use Twitter to post updates/factoids from lectures & gallery talks, & let followers know the hashtag.
Its not that you matter so don't think that u do its just a joke on u
I can't believe anyone fell for that "supermoon" nonsense. It didn't even have a cape! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
sorry instagram, you have officially been replaced. its been fun, but we have actually found something better. ALL HAIL VIDDY.
Irony is reality, its funny how things turn out
does that mean there is a new genre of music: "Vegan Rock?
A special, if sobering, place.
Grateful for the chamomile tea that has eased my ladybug back to sleep!
#SMBMAD yesterday has us super excited for our opportunity to host next month. See you for the next - May 16th with
Today is the 11th day of the barbaric #Assad massacres in
Watching Spider-Man 2 with Viggle Sat | 13:30 | FX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Logging off for good.....</3
RT : Step Easily into the Digital Future | American Libraries Magazine bit.ly/pQK4aC
I loved that song when I was a kid. My dad had a 45 of the Joan Baez version. <U+2192> RT The night they drove Old Dixie down...
Congrats, Jeff! I recommended you to USC folks yesterday who working with IBM on Twitter. you'll hear from Francois Bar. Chris
The last time I saw was last fall on the in Philadelphia with
Rocking the mullet JJ......lmao......nice.
Going straight from ze hospital to ze job. In sweatpants. New dress code starts now! Happy Friday. Or Monday. Or whatever day u want it 2 b.
I LOVE YOU MORE! <3
Watching and the with the fam on my tv through video streaming from my iPad
Thanks Michael - The Jills love you back! Come visit us in Miami RT : I love The Jills! cc
Hooray for HTHH and networking! See you at soon!
ahaha wooops! i overlooked that fact!
Roll me weed on that ass, now that's an asstray
Daily verse ~ “Great peace have they which love thy law: and nothing shall offend them.” Psalm 119:165
you won because your moves were amazing (:
RT: Have a good weekend folks, and remember to look out for #bikers on the road!
Now I'm sad because I don't even have another book to start <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Also, crossing my fingers that ResTech gets their act together and fixes our internet. Sick of going to Union South just to waste time.
Poor, poor, poor Kris Humphries... Nice block Roy
Do you do support? My phone stopped working. Tried to email support on website but it said call cust. support. CAN'T CALL.
I've been trying to send email for a few days, address keeps on being rejected. Maybe you're having server problems?
I have been ostracised from a local buddhist group for my views on hallucinogens.
i know im soo excited!!! lol
Life is good in God,with god and thru God.god bless Innovators.thanx guys for a great perfomance today at Custer UMC.looking forwad for next
awesome!!! I am a total #pbl convert. kids were into it, being creative, monitoring each other, coming during lunch to...
true true. he sort of just quit playing though. amare has been trying.
Downtown Olympia. Shin splints as I left S. Olympia - ouch! L knee still hurting a bit - but overall doing well.
White boys or Latino boys?
I ate so much this week in New Orleans it ain't even funny
Lakisha, have you read Skinner's Drift by ? Wonderful novel! I recommend.
you Ugly as shit boy lmaoo!!!
Christmas is coming late this year. Friday at Le Bain. Hardy Boyz reunion along with
We asked someone named Touré to review a book for us, and I thought it was , but it was not. Bummer.
your article on was just lovely. I have many similar sentiments. Continue rocking. :)
Our candy disappeared really quickly today at All Campus Party! Thanks to all who stopped by, and to for having us!
My record label has a FREE copy of my Spoken Word CD titled "SpoKen Works" for you. Details at www.kennylovejazz.com/KLSW.html Thanks! - kl
Jennings is Hot, Hot, Hot. Now all he needs to be is consistent.
Molly has drunken hiccups, lolz
Bruce Irvin? Haha. No, Blair Walsh was not rated higher than Irvin unfortunately
Whoever Is in my account stay out please go on your own
I didnt wake up in time....
The og is gonna scoop it to hit up taco breezy.
Thank you for your post about Recondo offering the ZirMed ZPay tool to collect credit cards and ACH. We are excited to assit
I enjoyed that way too much.
In like 2min!
My brother should really listen to my fashion advice. That bright blue tanktop <<<
ik but u love Casey..... Supposedly that's what I heard
Prior to you can really begin setting financial goals, you need to figure out where you stand financially.
I'm so sorry I had to leave early, but I heard you had a grand time.
I wish I lived in Portland. There was like a seven eleven around every corner.
fucccckkkkkk I just bit my tongue! :(
Practicing my lap burlesque routine to "sex for breakfast" by christina aguilera. Yum! ;)
Wilson: Have students send pdfs of their material, not links, because pdfs are easier to distribute to hiring decision makers.
lol.why? its not like im on this shit often as it is
Who in the blue hell is better than Romney right now?!
One of the worst kinds of assholes: the guy who leaves the water running from the bathroom sink on purpose.
Chicago Fire Dept responding to 800 E Grand for a boat in distress.
bout to kut my beard off lol
this may sound really weird, but i can't sleep without listening to lullaby music and cuddling with my fuzzy blanket..
me, maybe? (no definitely!)
ur so pretty[: and AWESOME
Riots during the period were called "mobile vulgus," Latin for readily movable crowd--shortened to "mob." Always wondered about that word.
Almost half of all Americans today suffer from one or more (largely preventable) chronic diseases.
Counting down to NYC!!!!
It's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder how I keep from going under...lol idk why that song just popped in my head
Hah, I don't know why girls try at school. Who are you really gonna impress at Lakeland, honestly.
When I get home, I'm gonna follow EVERYONG back. So hang tight ;)
dam I didn't know you hate smoking <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
he's annoying af.
- congrats man. Whats stirring all the visitors? Your awesomeness?
I do. I haven't had a chance to dig deep. It looks very promising.
They could make a movie about a cat shit eating dog...as long as it has enough CGI explosions in it, I'm there
Thankful for another day out taking care of my business for my new job god is good now I get married to my amazing wife priceless
Holy Fuck!! Durant almost put it in from 35ft. Helluva game! Gotta give the Lakers their cred even though I hate them.
And now Bryce Harper has the same amount of homers as Albert Pujols. Sorry I've never made a Pujols joke on Twitter until now, folks.
You need to post a video clip on here rocking those drums!
haha, hilarious! Thanks my man! It was an amazing experience!
It's funny how the little things mean the most
There's some sort of cowboy convention on campus today.... time to go get my MRS!
Happy New Year! Praying for continued favor & peace on those who love & build the House of God!
Can't believe the year ends tomorrow! My kiddos have grown up so much. I guess we'll see what the new crop holds in the fall.
Jeppa Joes will be at a benefit concert #rebuildwi from 2 to 6 this Sat. at Washington Park. Come down and enjoy some music and a sandwich!
I've hit an all time low going to brunch n this yoga pants ensemble. says I look like a ninja. Sweetest thing he's ever said 2 me
Just waking up.. This off day was much needed!
need to work with asap
Cars...nothing i drive can drive you out of this frame of mind....
Thank you for making me feel crappy bc I haven't not renewed my membership yet. Think ppl might be unemployed during this recession?
time for my GTL session
Ha and you said your older and more mature
Finna go to basketball practice game tmw
I would pee on him, jkjk! Cuddle with him.
so you know how your in class.....?
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer40
are you talking about sarah, sadie or tucker? ;-)
Cleaned, filled and placed the hummingbird feeders... My wife says I'm out, loud and proud. Really, I'm not gay!
I wish I could be in that locker room to hear what Coach Spo says after this game.
yay! Who's the hot chick in the middle?
RT : Storm chasing this afternoon in Emporia. Updates coming.
Nachos are feeling right, right about now!
hmm... your confusing me!
Watching the #brewers while putting in a few miles on the trainer.
Taco night with the family and their friends ^.^
Yo Kobe is still a beast. *Zooted*
o but at firsts I didn't answer but now I did.
Beat L.A.
Busy day producing radio at www.healthylife.net . Getting archives uploaded and looking for good news for Friday's newscast !
Jammin to the Jonas Bros!
So todays the day , that we go out and get fucked up beyond belief and fuck shit up so whose partying on a sunday?
ok going to bed good night all.
clear an blue pepsis,smh...just leave it as is,lol
Does it count if it was by myself? ": So who had sex already?"
Like said
We've missed you too. We will see you soon, Ceara!! Congrats on landing the job.
GOOD MORNING!!!! How's Monday, peeps? Anything new & exciting happening?
It just felt super good wen i walked in my house central air boomin
liking it.
Dick Bremer's ultimate unknowable riddle: why does a player who made a great defensive play to end an inning ALWAYS lead off the next?
I NEED the USA release of "Drinking from the Sun" STAT!
Hyssop helps indigestion & asthma. It warms/stimulates the lungs, expels phlegm, balances circulation, and cleanses kidneys. And purifying!
#hbrchat - I'm the Customer Experience Architect at
Today marks the beginning of the best week of the year! #PiChiWeek!!!! First event is on 4/10 @ 5:30pm
She Said Yu Guys Were Still Good Friends. *IWishYuWereHere*
Send Dat To Ma Email Bro ASAP
Run for Your Life: 5 Reasons to Start Pounding the Pavement Today
RT You thought you were being made into a little cottage but He's building a palace bcoz He intends to live in it Himself-
Goodnight twitter
still kicking away...looking for fulltime. So i am a nanny now
That's awesome!!!
Luckily they're very picky with their dolls.
Gym time then paper chasing till 6
Sporting looked great against a very good DC United tonight. Finally got it done just in time!!!!!
Golfing with some college kids
Right on!! : at least I can enjoy some live music ˜
#teamlee for the miss red and black pageant
Thank you! ... Lots cooking in the hockey world. Heard one of your goalies moved on this week.
~ be good to your body, gives ur spirit a recharge as well ;)
Today we're backing up & further customizing our CRM, then continuing the Infopath & Sharepoint setup remotely.
RT if Casper should be more notice.....
On the bus alone. Woohoo-_-
just finished up a hood banga for the grinders and bosses..e.o.s. loyalty muzic fatheadfilmz
Take a look at Simplee.com for Lifehacker's Top 10 Personal Finance Tools? Personal health care expense management service. Free.
Yes, i agree... I love the lion king.
Vanilla iced coffee from McDonald's on the other hand is quite good
After our ep, were going to work on a rap cover, the song is a suprise, so you have two things to look foward to from us! :)
we runners will do it anywhere...
Further investigation reveals Anais Nin quotes and Winona Ryder and Kirsten Dunst photos. WHITE GRRL.
Awww thanks :D
“: AP: Mining company pulling out of Wisconsin because Senate couldn't pass a mining bill.” Blamestorm in 3...2...1....
“All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.” – Galileo Galilei
Getting hyped about #DB12 tomorrow.
Just let your soul glowww.
I hope that Ms. Shirley Sherrod decides to take legal action, she has a number of baffoons to choose to sue.
How is it that another summer has passed and I still haven't read all the books in the world?
New York's hottest club is Slinky...This club has everything. Rick Astley rick rolling, Google toilet paper, McGruff the crime dog..
It is important to remember that we all have MAGIC inside US- J.K Rowling
Studying for finals is not funn, bad mood. Nighhtt
post-grad art friends can be even better. See you soon? :)
Yeah, just install the Windows Python interpreter--it's actually pretty easy, even for a n00b like me
I wish we could go back to being friends cause we both know, it shouldn't have ended like this..
i know :/ you guys should just come visit me! haha
Damn on some real honest shit, trizzy won that lil diss battle forsure lyrically. britton had a little flow goin
Prepping for this morning's Carlson on the Law show airing at 11 on we will be talking about rights. stream at www.KPAM.com
Well, it brought a fractured relationship closer together. Shit got real. Focus. Clarity.
All better now...
Dig it, he's going after the banks. Waa-hoo! Remember the disc "Our Man In Jazz?" BO is "Our Man In World."
So grateful for the opportunities being presented to us. Focused.
fina leave out so i can take this last final
ok ok. Hint: pop song sung by a male. #guessmyfavoritesong for a follow and shout out!
checkin people off this hidden list one at a time
In this parking lot...
OK SERIOUSLY WTF IS THIS....
I feel u on one...that's an ever evolving process
Get down to Larrys Villa Strip Club ASAP Cash Clown on 1s&2s if u in Vegas get it in with Clown House Ent.
Applications for the Miracle Board Executive Committee are due FRIDAY! For more information, email or .
#kids Children's Cartooning: Children's Cartooning from Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 4:30 PM to Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 6:00 PM...
Pretty nasty cut by Harper's eye. Still can't figure out how that happened.
Thanks for RT :)
#ConfusingThingsGirlsDo ask you to take them sumwhere drive cross town ask you to make anotha stop bk cross town huh? No Bitch!
No problem!
can't find a volunteer opp for Thanksgiving Day..MRM all full for some time now..
First samples from China have arrived. That was quick! www.SavEcig.com coming soon.
Thank you so much for earlier RTs, we appreciate that very much.
Another chance to win a pair of FREE tickets to your choice of show! Click "like" on this status to be entered! Winner announced tonite...
I've been doin alright, just tryna get shit done. Where u go to school?
: ) wish we could do more
I wish I knew what Mr. Lamberty was talking about
Yeah we can do that. Can you send me an email at So we can discuss your design in detail.
So what to do tonight
My user name is Rayne and I just made it up. Feel free to add me to your buddy list
thank you love! xx & i know, i don't! :D
FINALLY, SOMEONE WHO UNDERSTANDS
how did you get allen iverson? Did you just select a free agent?
Ladies get over here. Its Beautiful weather!
Blessed because I woke up this morning. Have a great day Keyshia.
Oh yes, been in Charlotte since 1991... came to Go 2 college & stayed after graduation~
Do it! I'm reading it now:)
when we're you there last?
Based on signs, my old neighborhood is a recall battleground.
I would rather have you hate on beiber his fans are annoying but seriously has never done anything to you and the
#sweet being t-swizzle for halloween, and yes, I am obsessed XD
and that makes it an authentic bootleg!
Didn't want it going public but looks like it'll break anyway. I was arrested with Clooney today.
Going to the 939 show on 4/23? Post a creative pic of you and your ticket for a chance to meet me,, backstage!
More songs up soon!
It's now or never.
#MarcoAndretti is live with Chase and Kreger right now discussing the
hehe & I really like your flower arrangements!
Honestly, we are just thrilled to even be nominated
#FF - we have big things coming in 2012
hey what music class are you in?
#Pioneers lead the #Jaguars 25-22 with a minute left in the first half
RT : Memo to Dale Sveum: Only 2 No. 3 hitters in baseball have a sacrifice bunt this season. Neither of them is hitting .330.
Love is the chain whereby to bind a child to its parents. --Abraham Lincoln
someone wants to know if we are married
FOX tomorrow.
That's a generalized statement before people freak the fuck out because of their own guilty conscience.
its a pretty cool bunch of folks hanging out, and a good excuse to visit Kokomo Toys
In usu - In use
What....u don't have a good pair of thermals?
Just like thin Lizzy dancing in the moonlight made me cry, which is more lol, but that's just cuz it always reminded me of special some1
incredible #NationalAnthem today. I'll be checking out more of your music!!
Groove is back in full effect :) xoxo
lmfao I rarely get mad at these things but I couldn't contain this
Laundry done....now it's time to do some grading...being an adult sucks sometimes...ha!
well Dan it is important ... This is the biggest week of your life!!!!!
bitches are stupid like that.
Congrats to for being named Executive of the Year & whose FAN360 application won the Product Innovation Award!
We have a new server ready - vpn-sf38 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
Fun photo shoot at beach and good connections made!!
Been worshiping to a new song Hallelujah by love this song cause it is about the only love I need
Check us out thurs mar 22nd at santinos Venice for an acoustic show, and tues mar 27th at skinny's north Hollywood for a full band show!
Friend sent me an Astros DVD package w highlights of their existence. I think there were a couple. I think.
Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous? Are you single?
More than Welcome.. Alecia.. Have A Great Day....
well u just keep kickin ITS ass cuz what would i do if something happened to you!? :/ and dont worry about larry, he knows now
A great man leaves clean work behind him, requires no sweeper up of the chips. Elizabeth Barret Browning
Go get "inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle on itunes today.....
For part of my Spanish project, I had to use the self-checkout in Kroger in Spanish. It was the most stressful thing ever.
imma check it out
yeah i have been pretty mumbly n grumbly lately!
Looks like Sat. AM will be a little wet in #SanDiego, but then will clear up.Rest of the weekend will be beautiful.What are your plans?
Game of thrones baby!!! :)
Running out for lunch? ALL 4 Whole Foods in DC are donating 50% from the salad and hot bar to support
Everything was great and easy. I'm glad my parents finally done it. ;)
Thanks for following us! Were up in Milawukee at Red Rock on March 16th!
If all else fails, there is a Five Guys Burgers & Fries in Boca Raton, lol
Wait, I'm watching Hannity now, this is all about A HUG?? I l almost feel sorry for these guys..
Support NM lean challenge startup
ASTD keynote author and leader- Jim Collins-"when times are in chaos, true leaders go back to their training"-- you must have a key team
the ball has dropped , R.I.P. Dick Clark
RT : Working on some final changes with my amigos before we launch our closed beta later in the week!
"Unless you want hotzpacho"
Back-in parkers.
"sorry I texted you but I realized it didn't go through!" yes, I got you. I always start texting and get distracted by a dick too
Try new workouts to change the speed & intensity of your intervals. Keeps the body from reaching plateaus & helps ward off boredom.
haha, Shoshanua is what happens when Shoshana dates Joshua.
Also, in my movie, Dolphin Lundgren would be best friends with Steven Seagull.
im following boo
Are you more emotional or more rational?
B'more hub needs to break down silos
Almost done.
When I die can I have you check me into my own funeral?
Tonight was mad fun!
Wednesday ABDC !! Wait Wednesday You Mean Mikeys Safe Sex Wednesday !!
The NBA millionaires will now be happy to play for the NBA billionaires. We all are invited to pay to watch. Carry on.
not even the emergency vet in Newington? Aren't you in Pmouth?
Actual annotation that I just made in a text: "b/c you're not a dick."
- Thank you for the Scoop.it thank you. Glad you liked the piece.
Thanks for the follow and
Just got home,abt to smoke something n chill for a min, dnt have time to be playing phone tag with these dudes, just pay me,
it smells like weed in mine... awk...
follow back?(:
HELL YEA
When it hits the floor and not the fan...
Do you know what is business lazy?
: Hey Harry, nothing like a good cup of coffee to get that day started! About to make me a fresh pot now.
please follow back
Leave me alone and quit creepin! Obviously I don't want to be with u!
No. Not at all.
right.. look at who i love.. :\
Finkbiner's family sat in front of me in the courtroom , had no comment on the accusations
Same Day Appts #Salon Full Mens #Barber Shoe Shine $75 #weave #braids #FlatIron Color #Nail #MakeUp Artist #Uptown 510 8321100
says I helped 2 people land jobs last week. Are you next ? Send resume December is hot for hiring you just need connections
Back to twitter after a Turkey holiday!
Enjoyed Ellen Easton at the NYC Coffee and Tea Festival this afternoon..now know the difference between Devonshire and clotted creams!
I ended up not having to do it!
These "Bobs" have to infringe on some sort of copyright..
u mean its not about Santa and presents?????
Going to salon for emergency pink hair intervention before flight. Apparently my hair refuses to hold any color but blond.
"...we cannot simply eat, sleep, hunt and reproduce--we are meaning-seeking creatures." --Jeanette Winterson (2/2)
I'm gonna put a basket of fruit and vegetables out now, so it will be nice and mushy by the time fanfest rolls around.
im afraid to drink soda. You wanna know why? Im afraid ill float to the ceiling
i would of highlighted it, and then cut it out, and pasted it on my wall.
By its okay. I'm going to take my ap exam then going home. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Happy Birthday!:)
i dont like when you dont follow me ..:(
i honestly do not know
whatever coins I have. First tooth was 150. Second is about 1.
My Cat Is 78 Years Old? A chart that shows cats real age
just sitting here cracking up at my timeline
What's up? My 9 year old cousin was diagnosed with brain cancer, and family needs support. Would you care to donate?
....please contact me soon...</3
The Banking system is being prop up by the current administration. We need a public works program that has Blacks fully involved!
Thank you. :)
It feels like I've been away for weeks- but I guess that's the mark of an effective vacation :)
Happy birthday Mom. Your gone but never forgotten. I miss u so much. Today is for you!
If you're looking for a solid bike shop in NoLibs, north has been my go to shop lately. Definitely recommend.
RT : Try lessons on flight, forces, & motion using 's "Museum in a Box" materials w EF April Lanotte, 11am at
I don't remember last time I wasn't tired.
I'm sold, is sweet! I'd like some control over how often it saves. I'm an adamant cmd+s'er, and don't want to kill my bandwidth
Q5 something well written would be nice
Thanks! Yours is nice and clear.
YOU'VE GOT THE BEST OF BOTH WORLDS
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction. -Al Bernstein
Good afternoon! Are you enjoying this beautiful weather?
Eager to hear what comes out of those conversations! Is tweeting allowed?
I really liked I Will Follow. Can't wait to hear what you think.
Best of luck with your pilot. Will be interesting to see how it meets your metrics to determine if you expand.
No surprises yet in House Finance member statements on
What up Diddy I'm a promoter at the Palms
Hello Julianna, Thanks for the follow on Twitter.
Day from Landons Portable Medical Records!
I am looking for a response from Miss Ash Soular. You may reach me anytime at I hope we may initiate a chat.....
So amazing
bby I noe, I miss you too ;*
Its always a good day for Curried! :) RT : Today feels like a good day for :)
There's a soft rain falling.
A little rain running and piano playing to kick off my day!
yup. can't sleep. doing laundry.
Whose this blowing up my fone! All hear is a buncha females laughing! And one sounds familiar.
ever since you stepped into my life, my world just gets brighter everytime.
Not only is it Hump Day today, it's also Pi Day!!!
Very curious to see if will revamp the turf now that a new one is being installed.
great to see you there!
Sending a mass text on iPhone's, not a good idea. All numbers send to each person.
Nutella covered toast and bananas=yummy
Half marathon Saturday at the Indy mini! Looking forward to the long lap around the Indianapolis Speedway. It's a long way around.
Over 100 pages of notes on chemistry...
Confident > Cocky
It's coo tho.. I still got my jasmine, avii , eranne and maybe erica..
I'm the worst. Just got 16bbs in w JJ on a Q high board when I raised pre. Def could've folded. He flatted behind w AA.
Thank you to all the women of #pivotboston -- I really appreciate your coming out in the rain and I LOVED getting to know you.
#Brewers lose. Road trip over. I think they'll take the trade.
I guess nobody is awake right now. Bo ):
Might have a surprise #2... You never know!!
Freedom is a birth right of ALL people, regardless of religion, culture, country, race or politics. USA supports FREE a Iran!
Yeah, I do and congratulations again! That's awesome! ^_^ I just don't really get on this much. What else is new? 0_0
No, we're women. "Male" and "Female" is a designation.
it'll all be okay! (:
Oh LAX did u miss me? On my way to Jackson, WY getting hyped up for TEDx talk!!!
you goin to action fest again this year?
Poetry's fixation on the expressive self always makes me think of an alt world in which all art wld have to justify itself as portraiture.
The three-umpire system is not working here.
About to watch The Avengers!
o wow bid day then hope it goes well I just had an Ultrasound and an upper GI,
Hey joe
I fuckin hate eagles fans they better not get rid of or he gonna win a super bowl else were
anybody out there that wanna DM me ?
so whts up
bonnies look great!
Syracuse plays tonight at 9:30pm. Let's go #Cuse!
I may be a bitch but I am a protective one. You will never yell at my sister. I love her to death and I will do anything for her. #ilove ...
I really like that natural hairstyle I see women wearing...
Trippin out on the sleeping bear dunes
You've gotten that shit back wards.
I believe I can fly? No, I *know* I can fly. I'm a parakeet, after all.
Had to stop my workout to sign up a new member at gym but well worth it, no now a tan and shower! ;)
Big week ahead in Murray trial. Battle of the propofol experts. Defense case begins...Needs a rabbit out of its hat. Catch me on KTLA
Can i hAve some too
"Too many cameras and not enough food... this is what we've seen." Posted on #ZenyattaMondatta by About 30 years ago
new magnets are in the works! just feeling a little lazy today :p
Cooking with one hand soaking the other.man ima beast lol
Bodum storage containers and wooden Swissmar Salt and Pepper Grinders are 40% off until they're gone!
damn straight
Twitter just sent me an email saying I'm not tweeting enough aka it's mad I actually have a life. ...and by life i mean watch tv over tweet
i was going to wait my last of high school but idk now...
#Browns, may the Schwartz be with you.
Good win at home
Thank him for me.
Me thinks I hear a future scene partner connection blossoming.
This is why i hate everyone at my school. I get invited to a party then get dis-invited. Twice now...
come to angels gate cultural center for the poetry jam at 4pm tomo
her fish sandwich meal was only $3.99!!!
Just sitting here with two of my best friends
"I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much."
Mane I'm Turnt Up right now! I'm about to change the game! Stay tuned people.....
How about cats? Ever seen that drawing of the cat piano?
It is alarmingly easy to spend thousands. I've done it with both of mine, and couldn't have done otherwise.
you can't always expect me to know what to say when you get bad news..
FYI- Coffee With the Mayor! 8:30 - 10 a.m. on Fri, Sept 17 @ Patricia's Soul Food Cafe, 1100 N. Martin L. King Blvd
If I win mega millions, $50 mil to charity. The rest is mine, not splitting it up. It's MINE
Thanks for pointing out Ed's thread. It's quite awesome!
Before you tell a story, think 'would I share this.' don't go through the motions.
Q: Y/N - Do you support community benefit agreements?
I'm pretty sure its "that time of month" for me. yes I'm talking about tuna sub at subway
yes it is!! why you ask??
Osemele, on being passed over until pick 60 "I'll just use that as a motivator ... & try to prove the naysayers wrong."
I can see it now! :P
#FF Thank you....you're the best! ") FOLLOW
Yessir always bro RT : Good running into you again Brotha.
People can live one hundred years without really living a single minute via
At my G family housr (:
I'm soo sleepy!! Well goodnight beautiful people! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
No problem! I'm glad I can be the one to put the first smile on your face! I feel very special
“: A great relationship is about two things, first, find out the similarities, second, respect the differences.”
Yoga <U+FFFD> Understanding Yoga And Its Health Benefits
Thanks for the follow...follow you too!
will you talk to me please
Lets dance
Had an amazing time last nite! Slept until 4:30 but feel so much better, now & I are about to get our xfit on!
I know ears burning means someone is talking about you. T he right side of My penis itches, that mean anything?
I love you!!!!! Happy V-Day lovey!!
Dear girls why do all y'all play so many games? It's aight bc two can play and fyi, I don't lose...literally
haha true! x
you actually didn't, but okay if you want to believe that.
I'm ready!
at nine still?
Today's commencement speaker is John Crosby, Executive Director, American Osteopathic Association.
what's wrong hun?
We live on Fort MacArthur in San Pedro. Haven't been to Santa Monica yet. Thinking about going to the pier this weekend.
“ I will literally <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> on myself if there is a Tornado !!!”
would u have fun being bored or talk to someone and get a laugh?
sounds like a personal problem :) jk I'll look
Are you trying to get some VC money?
We're Indy's oldest Italian restaurant, family-owned and still using recipes passed down. Call for reservations (317) 264-3585
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #24hours !!!!! LEGGOOO !! 61
Y u hating thats my show!! lol
Omfg Be Quite . I Can't
We've all been playing ME3 since it launched. I think now we're all mostly playing multiplayer ^BPS
lol... i just read on twitter earlier that they think it could be the same person, but i would think it's too early to tell.
Watch Shutter Island, its really god!
*washes brain* *accidentally dries brain* *brain shrinks* Crap. On the other hand, maybe I'd like that book now.
Is that Twitter spam? Or just the straight-up truth? I guess it can be both.
would love to email you a EPK of what I got going on at Quetone Music, I'm just be proactive...
it's seriously amazing <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Do you know what Tim Hortons is? If so, we need to bring one to KC ASAP!
Love Emma Stone's sleek updo.
Alright time to really crack down and make shit start poppin off!
countdown to midnight... you on your way to the Medearis Mansion? Info 281.860.2877
- Who should attend the CVC breakfast? Just curious if you are looking other #nonprofit members to join you at it.
listening to on thanks to :)
What #Wicked things will you get into today?
Having a blasted with my friends :*
gl with the 1k+1k turbo bounty flips!! How good are people at those events? (Playing the 500+500 tmrw, really excited)
I heard they have a strict "one Rubyist" policy.
unroll measure cut fold tape crease fold fold tape tag ribbon bow repeat.... sharing abundance & thinking of others-the real gift
Oh man. Had to have been pretty amusing.
Arriving by 12 noon
Lee Enterprises Defers Pension Payments to Employess - Riverfront Times (blog)
White one?
you know it!!
snowy day here in milwaukee!
ugh i am so bored... there is nothing ever to do :(
Who just scored the domain name "bus.ac" (which happens to be the shortest name in his a/c related domain collection) - Ha!
that's pretty funny because I just saw the same thing last night and thought "Carly has got to have this!"
Cats by 10.
Yea Bro Send It To Ma Email ..i'm finna DM It To Yu
I bet it's actually Rachel's booger. Don't deny it Rach.
Stop in for our Chix Fajita Torta! Grilled chix, peppers, and onions topped w chihuahua chz and served on Burillo Bread! One of our best!
Whatever a person does while single shouldn't define who they are in a relationship.
Pimple No More - When I get a pimple, first thing I do is apply ice. Whatever you do, DON’T PICK THE SCAB! Leaving the scab allows the skin
WE LOVE YOU.
I don't think my legs tanned, I just think my TOMS tan got more uneven >.<
“: is still learning the fundamentals of spelling lol smh” Russell Simmons said he NEVER wrote a business plan.
I want to be the best at everything!!! Unless I am bad at that thing, in which case it is unimportant.
MDA Telethon starts in a few hours - we'd love your pledge this year!
I have appreciated your input tons. Thanks for balancing a potentially bleak picture.
Now I know what to do with the pomegranate sorbet in the freezer!
Duz any strange person get my tweets sent to their phone? Cuz if u do, I feel so bad for you.
The way to get by any fear is to expose yourself to it as much as possible. Any opportunity to be in front of people take it
oh ok
US presidential campaign: Who let the dogs out?
brb. gonna go tend da rabbits w. george.
Movie recommendation is Al Pacino in "Carlito's Way"
@ Lowes waiting for my new patio table and its taking FOREVER!!!!
Weedless in Seattle.
I can hope I guess.
#24HourRealEstateAgents! should be advertising themselves as such. I've needed 1 for the last 3 hrs. I have a #Free #Idea! for you. 2912
Thank you for your tweet Gomez!
you go glen coco (: amazing <3
Charging into the PM hours! The Crew is hard at work booking meetings!
she is as sneaky as she is on the show. And it was weird the camera angle made it so I couldn't see her face.
RT : M.Bay can do whatever he wants with his TMNT origin story as long as he gets Vanilla Ice to do another song about ninja.
Checking out Actor's Key with my beautiful roommate :-)
Happy 1 month anniversary Boo i love u so much
Wow! That's great news!
I wonder if I can legally change my name so that the s in sanders is a dollar sign. #$anders
is such an inspiration to so many people!
thanks MrRon :) ..you have plans to come to SD any time soon?
OMG IMATS was amazing~ I got to meet Julie G and Queen of Blending! :) So fun!! I cant wait until next year!!!
Fred Carr's old number for Perry..
Does Jimmy Fallon have the right of first refusal on SNL-hosting duties around the holidays? It's like he never left. Geesh! ;)
EAD and the Global Information Environment. Join our discussion on the possibilities of EAD. Think outside the box! Thurs. 1:30-3.
Oo sounds like good news!, I don't know what it is but keep me updated for sure!!
Tanning for the first time in forevvveeRrrr
Happy birthday RAY RAY
could we get to give a pep talk to ? awaken the beast mode
good stuff everyone! want 2 go "real". All staff pics,our offices, as accessible online as in person
No, I did not #glitter #RonPaul. It was the invisible hand of the free market.
We're looking forward to the August edition of ! It will be Farm to Plate Restaurant Week and you can read all about it!
My wishful thinking is Romney gets that & TN, but those will be real close. VA might also be closer than polls suggest
If the heat lose tonight it will make my day
Oh yeah GoodMorning... what's for breakfast.
Yes! S7 drives buy and panties come flying out of nowhere pretty much. *so I've heard*
At least it's Friday!
I don't think you need to say goodbye to them. I think it is someone else...
me duh
split the building, vertically, in half with condos and hotel on same side but clearly separate?
You are a class act! Sorry this happened,certainly feel bad as a #patriots fan. Good luck in all you do in the future! GoPats!
NOW THEN MATE
please follow me???:)
And yet here I am again asking questions .....I am so unsure of my presption
Snickers w/ almonds be on hit :-)
There's always going to be people who live in the past and want to fuck up your present. I'm above you..and always will be.
RT : A system of licensing and registration is the perfect device to deny gun ownership to the bourgeoisie. - Vladimir Ilyich...
Thanks for the RT!!
If I had a boat, I'd be on it.
oh no! That's horrible!
I love winning stuff!! RT Congrats You've won a free ad in the San Diego Realtor Assoc. publication!
How many people get horned up when they drink?
Hahaha yes Booker t! I love this! Can't wait for
Not leaving my jungle today.
"Warren, wasn<U+FFFD>t that quote from Matt Jones, Advertising Age? I have it bookmarked somewhere<U+FFFD>I read a lot and soak like a sponge LOL"
the #LAKings are dominating this game!
Thanks so much, Jonas! :) Terima Kasih :)
Wishing you all a fabulous holiday weekend. XOXOXOXOXO
Job interview went good :) hope I get the job :)
I don't want something perfect. I want something real. I want something between the two of us, something we can both feel.
thanks for the support.
Reviewing the lyrics for #SoundofMusicSingaLong!
NO! will rue the day you made a typo like ! WHICH IS TODAY.
Casa de Lara on State Street is a well known Mexican Restaurant in downtown Madison, WI. www.dealoria.com
HOW CAN I GET YOU ALONE?
goodnight now, feel better!
Hahahaha omg you're too much steph
lol! You beat me by an hour!
I AM alive and doing better than a few weeks ago. Too much overwhelming stuff. Needed some down time to lick my wounds.
Come join us at www.knowledgesafari.com - we're talking #specialneeds! See you there!
Even after all that bailout money, some things still remain the same!
RT : Edwards: "My performance on the racetrack doesn't define me as a man."
Well this kid isn't going anywhere.
no doubt. I take mine black no sugar for the same reason. Haha
don't forget the X....the mother of all ab workouts...lol
Almost done with twitter 9 assignment. Just need to answer a question :)
Find money in jean pockets. Day permanently made.
man who ever keeps saying bad stuff about me you don't even know me so back off if i did something wrong im sorry
Babies will love Booty when it arrives in December.
Excited to get SueroViv! I got a box today, thinking it was it, but rather it was my biz pack instead!
i'm going to try the u-district one but have to hit up a concert tonight
IF ONLY.
so if i only put ur name can others see it
I think the study is right too.
Must Love Books: JK Rowling is writing a new book
You going to node.ph?
Woke up to the news here in LA. Finally. finally.
I have been asking many people lately about forgiveness. Can one truly forgive and forget?
Stitching the day away "When I thread the needle people seem stressed" -
it's #seattlebeerweek and you havent included me in any of your drinking games :( sadness
im only deprived,when da smoke ARRIVES
good luck in NOLA
Just got my Tire changed.
Keep it up fam!
Have Fun!
Good. Now teach them how to work a corkscrew. For future reference.
Both my cats are snuggled up with me right now, and my remote isn't working... guess I'm stuck watching Bones.
#petpeeve Promoting your own things on Pinterest Etiquette #3 AVOID SELF PROMOTION
Sending hugs! TU again for RT!
It took me a while before I figured out why the words to the Exsultet were so strange. As if that thing weren't hard enough.
Man hands!
Let's go Preds! ;)
It's official. I'm on the hook till 2042. This whole home buying thing is worth the payoff of signing the papers & getting the keys!!!
Make sure to come by this Sunday 8am-12pm to Bruin Run/Walk at Mattel Children's Hospital!
" Up early with doing an interview with ! We're never resting...only winning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>" WE NEVER REST EITHER!
Yay! You remembered this week..<U+2764> I love you!!<U+2764><U+2764>
Juiced for flying from Chicago to LA for Jeff Walker's PLM live event next week. Looking forward to meeting like minded people soon
I've got that stuff up on a website. I was going to openings but have been absent lately. And what are b cards?
Today: The day after yesterday. Soon to be tomorrow. - Me: The little flailing object trying to keep up with it.
People that pick up before the phone rings freaks me out.
I hate when a song becomes popular but you knew it way before everybody.
Lmao ratchet girl anthem
Go SDSU Aztecs!!!! At Cox Arena for the final home game 2nite! King-Sized cheers 4 SDSU!
1st Saturday of college football!! At village pourhouse with , &
Brent Morel's back feels better, he gets a hit. He will now hit .700 the rest of the season.
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 35
Good luck, Mr. Entrepreneur!
I got 99 problems and I kinda find myself wishing a bitch was one.
Yep, the pollen will make your allergies worst especially in your eyes. I had a yearly visit yesterday :)
Good Morning Twitter
doing it Wednesday
Dear #NeedAJob: Networking event 10/6 Speech, meet, greet & cocktails. May prove interesting-if you're into that sorta thing
Greetings! Thanks for following us.
Thanks for the follow. Love to see another #EmpireAvenue fan's tweets.
Gotta be a man of my word...
#TheyNeedToBringBack the beat!
CAN U GO BACK ON INSTAGRAMM WE MISS U!
ur new partnership director for spark sounds legit! Exciting!
Thx Danny! :) Happy Monday!! RT : great outfit! Very trendy and almost has a 90s cool look to it!
they loving the crew.
All the more reason to send each other more emails!!
will do bro!!!
RT : Q2: Should a company express its employer brand as its employees’ many personal brands?
lol mee too n now I got a B
What was amar'e thinking
"uh oh hickey where did that come from idk I was drunk typicall"
Final round of edits on my #SLP are done! Now off to get it printed and bound!
thanks for the RT, Website Queen!! :)
best comedy show line up ever this Sunday come c Buckwild, Smokey, Charles Walden, Denny Live, Malcolm Hill, & Darkchild on stage@ Starlight
Thomas Robinson player of year? No question after end of regulation.
Tracking vocals today, then one song left to record for our EP
Re-listening to the last Chili Peppers album. Still not very good.
omg rasmus is my 2nd fav next to HIM of course... I'm so jealous lol Nightwish is playing near me in Sept, i want to go so bad
The new website looks great! Airsoft and Video pages still have the old menus, but so far I like the look of RCPowers 3.0!!
Make it a great day!
I'll email the exam at noon today. If roads are bad in your area, stay home!
The key to immortality is living a life worth remembering. - Bruce Lee
ACTUAL ALERT: police activity at PSD has concluded, reopened. activity was related to a suicide, not a USC student/faculty/staff member.
There I go again, making a mess out of everything I've made.
What polls? RCP has him on top, in every poll. So does Huff Po and Politico.
only until 10am EST tomorrow (or until sold out) :)
Ok so I thought I was in a good mood this morning but everything is irritating me right now.
yeah but not too much cuz then we get called Bitches
What a great show at Bismark Studios... My work will be on display until the 9th of March 930 Proton in San Antonio, TX.
For even better results with our incredible video #Tarot service, ensure no moving objects in your background (i.e. a ceiling fan, TV, etc)!
That feeling u get when u hear a song that remind u of him Those lyrics dat make u think of him Everytime da beat drop ur heart beats harder
I'm ready to put CJ on a bus out of town!!
love the view from #rampagesuite. Thanks do much
Using readability scales in eLearning content so we don't sound like freaking textbooks. ;-)
Website is almost up, business cards almost finished, postcards almost finalized...Gah everything is at "almost" right now!
I had an awkward moment today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
I love people who tell a long story and then end it with, "So, long story short..."
HBO must stop playing Real Sex episodes circa 1989....enough is enough!
It's a webinar kind of Friday today.
I need to flat iron my darn hair !!
Join Cloud Mafia for Monetizing Your Mobile Apps Meetup!
Jet lag is the new drug of choice.
check out for your graduation brunch plans!
man go on na!
What #soccer coaches say vs. what soccer players hear: IM GONNA MAKE U MY SPECIAL PROJECT = I have no idea what im going to do with you.
Glory, sustenance , access and facility: rewards of game play
I think is stalking me. I've heard 2 songs off her new album Stronger and I swear she wrote them about my life....
thank you gettn back to all my fans,you get us through!
my pleasure :-)
Kansas city at the end of May!!! Las Vegas again in June... Can't come fast enuff
Log in issues being #1. Once you're logged in and you see the stream, it actually looks awesome in 720p. Better than GFL
Yeah it's pretty rad. U have the PDP Platinum silver fade to black? Is it maple?
To twitter friends, i will be traveling through time today and will next be available last week.
The fans like to dream, #lolz : thanks to who alerted me to "Josh Hamilton to Brewers?" rumor. Good day with hearty laugh.
calm down rach....we will be reunited soon, no worries!
I'm such a catch
She is amazing!!
I even bought a cute little pack of tissues for what was sure to be an emotional roller coaster. I soon tossed them in anger.
Is there a page with links to all #sqlsat131 speaker slides?
1st bucket Pierce.
Ignorance is bliss.
Everything is OK. I have poppadum. *BREE!*.
where should I send the questions if you want?
Such is the nature of all offices everywhere.
Let's talk about how jealous I am that I don't live in Europe and didn't get to watch Luxury Comedy last night...
Dick Whitman may support the Red Bulls but Don Draper is a fan of the
the same here im doin a play right know
Good luck out there. Hit 'em straight.
i need your support.. for this fan page.. Thank You...
How in the world did I miss the "Food Truck" gathering at the 39th St. Flea Market this weekend? "Damn"!
When you randomly call me >>
not a cuban. But that is a thought.
real shit RT Love is when you find someone who didn't meet your standards, but you still Love him in any way.
gonna be pretty epic! Glad you're coming!
After last night's 1-0 L to the #Cubs the #Braves became the 1st #MLB team this season to have two losses by that score.
Netflix > Homework
Tore Biceps up this morning....tonight just chillin. Life is good!
Amazing part of a 2,700 sq. ft studio is the wide open space. Not so amazing part= cleaning it!
My brother and his wife Just had a beautiful baby boy! Congrats guys! Love ya'll
missing you guys!!!!
Mumford & sons, Bob Dylan! Such a perfect way to spend an evening!!!
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, strong enough to fix them, and smart enough to listen to me next time ;)
Going to bed. Goodnight<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Lmfaoo RT : It's not that I hate you... it's just that if we were being chased by zombies, I'd trip you
I wish I were at #newfac12 too. Love reading the tweets and hearing the convo even though I'm miles away!
On iPhone with IM+
prom was fun. feet hurt from my killer heels but so worth it :) after party was hella fun <3
thanks babe you brightened up my day too
I am left to assume that building communities is less important than building political assets.
Someone who is a board contributor has to pin someone. If anyone wants to be added to MLA '12 Pinterest, RT or email me
#vegaslife Counting down till First Friday Vegas next week. Should be a good time filled with music, art, and food!! Who's coming?
if you want to be the best... know the best... do what the best do.. and then do it better...
What u get ya mother 4 Mother's day? Oh that's nice.Me? I got my mother Fly Lessons! YES, FLYING LESSONS! IN A PLANE! I win! =]
“: Go ahead and talk behind my back, that just means I'm ahead of you, and while you're back there, kiss my ass.”
I'm sorry I can't fucks with vans they look like prison shoes to me ...lol
Morning Paul! (:
u just font understand
Nothing in life is to be feared; it is only to be understood
A human being is not attaining his full heights until he is educated
Massage chairs in the morning are great!
Wicker Park on Thursday...Milwaukee over the weekend. May hit an Old Style bar or ten...
Virginia gets 2 hits in the inning but leaves runners on second and third.
com c me
"Adversarial relationship that curator produces meaning, educators & artists below" at / generally true, & not ok.
SO MAD AT right now. I cannot believe this...'
i didn't even ask the name, what d'ya go see anyways?
you better say me >.<
The worse it gets the better my business! Now thats Job security!
That's awesome RT : Steve Miller playing at the sandwich shop I'm at for lunch? Perfect. I love this town.
I just talked to Howie Spira about his deadspin interview. He is still not a fan of Dave Winfield
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Breath Remedy Dental Pics and most oral care products.
Arghs. Feeling like coming down w/ something again. Why do I keep getting sick? That's it. I need to strap hand sanitizer to me from now on.
Great time at Cozy's last night! I sang with some kewl peeps, the place was hoppin' and reminded me a lot of Doug Mcgrews jam@ the Barrel!
Taco del Mar in belltown sounds good right now, wish I had a coupon!
Latin Beat's Chuy Varela column highlights Latin Jazz Youth Ensemble of SF among Bay Area bands keeping Latin Jazz alive. Color me PROUD
the ticket was expensive. There was a fee of 30 something dollars which is crazy. About 200 ish
I've been trying to get in touch with you for a few weeks now
sounds good to us!
*pushes bowl away* im trying... its all new to me again. I've been alone for so long and ..I don't know
Idc he's still washed up lol
": - If you always do what you always did, you'll always get what you always got."
we got cops called on us and got pulled over
RT RT Final Four!!!... Do I have to say anything else?..
Chamlionaire used to be so fuckin great.
Poised Creation is wrapping some great projects that will benefit our artists in the near future!
Id rather b at school then at home with my family
Slut Girl: "I don't know what to write about, I don't have any paper, can I borrow a pen, let me blow you" haha
great speaker!
Working on The Triskelion Society Shop at triskelionsociety.com/shop
also, if you can figure out a way to carry around a light box with the lighting it makes a world of difference. I use a suitcase.
A Three Cups of Tea/Little Princes tie-in could be THE DRESSMAKER OF KHAIR KHANA by Gayle Lemmon
Phish NYE show playing on right now... really wish I coulda been at this one.
Kelli / Krista :) LOVE LOVE LOVE them
its a boy! oh no its a girl!!!!! lol. gotta love cartoons! yeah imma kid dont judge. :D
congrats Haleigh!!! Can't wait to say I know a IU cheerleader lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I like guys that eat carrots.
17 turnovers by in the first half means a 12 point lead for the at halftime.
laughing is a celebration of the good, and it's also how we deal with the bad....
well thank you thank you! I will probably miss it too. It's been a fun run!
thanks so much for the follow! If I can help with a new mattress or some new furniture please let me know!
I've emailed macklemoreteam twice already about still not getting the poster and they havent replied back. Any other options?
I love the hashtags--made my morning.
Teamwork is essential; it gives them someone else to shoot at.
Haha, I should suggest that. She doesn't wear a patch or anything but has bad depth perception.
Microsoft’s Kinect will also enjoy full connectivity with Facebook, with a game created to sync with the social networking site.
Red Lobster!
The graduate student of color experience is marked by race, racism, and racialization...much like every other social practice re: education
If you're thinking of going to for something to eat, don't bother. They wouldn't even make me a sandwich! WTH?
in Oakland Mall & Oak Park HS band walkin through in a big ole group...jammin!!! lol
Chilling :P
Don't stop believing....
that music keeps popping into my brain
iTunes would be allot better if would let people merge Apple id's.
How to be successful at public speaking: "Be sincere; be brief; be seated." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
So props to for revamping our website!!! www.sperantsa.com . So pretty
- We'll be there, sista! Can't wait.
Run, run her kiss is a vampire grin.
I had a good time yesterday w/my mom, brother & his gf Kim :) We hit up some garage sales in a rich folks area
Hoping to audition for Jeff Timmons new show in Vegas. I am hoping to audition for background make vocalist. Think it would be great fun!!
which six flags?....
ur a clown ! & shar u right I missed a number it was 253000 sales but that's still not even gold& fans hated it
Just did a blind trade in Tommorowland and selected a #Vinylmation from the Clear series. CM said it shouldn't be in there. New policy?
Wow!!! What an awesome performance from Pitbull, Chris Brown, Neyo & Nayer!!!! Dale
It's probably because my favorite Avengers stories center on Pym and the Vision who aren't in the film (to my knowledge).
jeremyyong One for the money, two for the show, I love you honey.
its my birthday finally
Now THAT's a cool stat. RT: 127 of Ray Allen's 208 FGA have come off 0 dribbles. Holy catch-and-shoot, Batman.
It was a good run. Fun while it lasted...
I'm not a cheater
enjoy Florida!!!! I love Florida. We have a office in Lakeland and I love going there.
Lunch with and now at his panel.
he has no life dude bare with him then give it to him bare <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086>
aww thanks Jimmy
Why did I not see my buddy
Right on! RT : #TWITTERTIP Do not have somebody else to tweet for you. Use your OWN voice to connect with others.
Game is on today unless i tell you otherwise. 630!
...13-10 now with whats going on...it will get nothing but better...<<Right on...if we dont like em...root for BO SUX...LOL!
1955: The Yankees trounce Washington, 19-1, at Yankee Stadium in the most lopsided Opening Day victory in history.
Wow, it is already January 4th...time flies!
police a mess... OH SHIT let me shut up!
It has been too long!
Good things are happening!
hahah oh giggles
I'm trying to locate one in NOVA.
The wind is just too much this morning
Rick Fox - NBA player -- scripted show online called OFF SEASON -- life of athlete off-season. produced with vugaru
Why are you about to blow up?
Great coversation - thanks for the a-ha!
sick and not feeling too great...... </3
Hes too sweet to stay mad at:)
Amazon will send one for under $400. Right to my door. And how convenient not to leave the house, let the barber come to me!
no but I was talking to some girl yesterday saying she knows sme ppl tht can help is with setting up a dance and stuff lke tht
Everyone have a good weekend?
#askmichelle is trending? aww guys, you shouldn't have! but seriously, where are my questions?
Thanks for the RT!
i need a patron
eggplant is the worst. Unless it's in marinara sauce.
I am SO excited! Seriously. Even if it's just for an hour, to finally get to see your face and hug your neck!
thy tweet you did about the girls in the dressing room lol
Definatly missed working out. It's great to not be sick.
I can hook you up with the recruiter on my team working that one.
Change yourself, change your fortunes. - Portuguese Proverb
but what about the Rugby World Cup... C'mon! :)
Finally benching Albert huh.
FYI tweeps: Twitter handle has been updated to to reflect my newlywed status as of Sunday :)
he's now confused. >.<
wow :) can we still be buddys
that's good everyone starts somewhere. You slowly build it up.
“: #Sagittarius is easily tempered but gets over it very quick.”
Just sent you an email with the album art!
Same hoodie, same level c;
I'd rather be nothing to you if I'm.going to be second
ok thanks:)
Book for all occassions or email
Happy 420 all u smoker's me an my yung nigga monie finna blow a few grams on u sqwaaaare as niggas
I saw you pop out from up under the bed
Sounds like we got there a couple days too early!
STRAIGHT WATER..
Head to Kirkwood and get $2.75 bottled imports today at Nick's, or get a pitcher of Bud/Bud Lite for $5.75.
That was awesome. And I'm totally with you.
Death once had a near-Chuck experience!!
In traffic
Jealous, save me some?
Playing a cop today in blue bloods
lol! Beer and vodka... Then water!
welcome back to Twitter!
oh I like scorpios the bootie is good, Leo's to those evil signs yyyeeesssss
nice! Wish my job had company picnics! :-)
yea till tuesday night cuz im playing for graduation
We were at the other night. Really tasty, as always.
Hey, you going to BUILD? Want to pick your brain on the science of great UI...seriously. ;)
spring break party time!!!
hey that would be a really gross movie idea....
A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it
Thanks mane . In the MIA
Good morning everybody Thank god for waking up today and #askyourself what are you gonna do today to make a difference?
Michigan State survived! Now UNC vs Creighton!
Sofia and Michael just joined 's program on #OccupyMadison. Sofia is taking time off work to be there. Call in! (866) 899-9678
- some days feel very much longer than others, I agree. But she's already a little girl - not a baby!
Goodnight. Hopefully I dont sleep the whole day away tomorrow cause its my only day off this week :-/
Led Zeppelin II is alway a great cure for being in a shitty mood.
Jammin with at #palms !!
it did thanks! Is that your sorority?
psh... Whatever Dr. Turner... Wait, wait, wait... You're not a doctor? Then a lawyer, right? No???? What!?
Good Morning tweeps, At working making it happens thanks to God I wouldnt be here to do what I do. Workflo$
Preciate this beautiful woman taking time out to follow. Follow her!
I completely concur & the article is correct about Haggard. I interacted with him in the 90s and one could sense his inner "war."
always love both of your "read between the lines" tweets to each other.
Listening to a presentation by , which ran our Sherrod Brown tele-town hall last year. I love using all the fun toys.
class cancelled, 72 degrees and sunny
You guys do have national IDSs in your country?
get off his nuts. “: RT : can we please get ? like for real. -> i knowww right?”
Do humans have a spot like dogs when you scratch them.. to where they start kickin their leg??
With men it is impossible; but to God all things are possible
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 32
he always does :']
great review!!!!
hip Geo called the doctor and the doctor said no more iconics jumping on stage 2 big iconics jumping on stage madison fell...
okay ashley i just thought id ask
Like Valliant Printing on Facebook. We have Facebook only promotion!!
New and #Scandal premiere? I might send that some flowers for brightening up an overwhelming week! :)
thanks for the #ff!
Snell liked this motto of mine: Listen carefully. See clearly. Live passionately. Say thank you.
To be alive means to experience difficulties, conflicts, challenges from many directions. --Karen Casey
So that's what spoiled milk tastes like.
Welcome to Portland Nolan Smith and Raymond Felton.
Good morning! Happy Wednesday.
Tornado Supreme
I'd rather lose myself in passion than lose my passion.
NIGGA YOU LOOK LIKE STEVE FROM FAMILY MATTERS STFU
Is Hosting Salsa Thursdays Irie. Tonights Dance Lesson Will Be Dominican Style Bachata!
Is there gonna be a 2nd season of BKLYN?v
GR8 question! I'll flip between NBA & NFL Sched. They would have lost me if Pens/Flyers or Bruins/Caps were playing
Yesterday was very fulfilling. Come to think of it, it might have been one of the best Saturday's to date.
hodge gave me your number text ya later then
It's 9:07pm and I havnt had a single text\message since 3:02pm. And that was from Facebook.
Tate/Furchtgott-Roth, localism taking effect w/o regulation; consumers opting 4 other/new media, lead to decline of big media.
Try tonight's Rock Band food special: the Space Hog! A jumbo dog wrapped in bacon w/ house mustard served in a warm pita w/ nacho cheese!
Finally broke the 4 x 400 record today with the track girls! :)
If you are absent during my struggle, then don't expect to be present during my success.
Presenting tomorrow at the Drexel eLearning conference
Holy crap---it is really snowing out on Sylvan.
Recovering after working on logistics for 4 days at the Disney D23 Expo in Anaheim... wow I have never seen or been around anything like it
Did you even whisper, "I love you"?
next weekend I'm down
consider that image copied to my library!
Chris Bosio gets a clean 1-2-3 inning. So why was it so hard for Higuera? Hopefully he's okay. Still 6-0 Mariners after four.
If you had to drive in it as an adult, you wouldn't miss it. :) My dad did notice the difference between Fresno and Sac: greener.
priorities jim, priorities. go golfing + bring an outline
I miss my old self badly these days...
who's sleeping right now?!?
I know ALL of these episodes by heart. I will never get sick of this show! =D
The Hunger Games Party was a wild success! Thanks to everybody that participated!
Nice photo choice
Eye4talent is still required. Presti took Russ higher than projected; Harden > Rubio, Curry & Evans & Spurs-stashed Ibaka.
I've got you under my skin I've got you deep in the heart of me So deep in my heart,That you're really a part of me.
#StonerChicks are the dopest. I love y'all. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I think I'm going to hate the whole Uh mixtape. . And the name I'm going to use you wont ever know cause ill be anon :p ha ya right
He needs to learn how to fake humility like Rafa. Press will like him better
we fucking wit you in the WISCO !!!
I recognize that fire.
june is going to be a busy month.
Walmart Supercenters, Super Targets and Big Ks are converting to a smaller format. What's the deal with the size switch?...
Of course! RT : Super stoked! thanks for making my day!
Who's a good real estate attorney in ABQ?
so Wright!
Jon Stewart: "Nerds? I believe the word you are looking for is 'experts."
We are helping you celebrate V-Day with taglatelli pasta in a saffron and fennel cream sauce with P.E.I. mussels for just $16!
Think lady at #McDonalds had a crush on Coach! She practically came into car 2 hand him food & gave us free food to boot!
Indeed! Excited to go. RT : WOW! at ! I'll be in good company!
oh god
Facebook to IPO - Mark Zuckerburg still waiting for Rooney Mara to accept his friend request - wasn't thrilled with Daniel Craig sex scene
will be spending all of Nuit Blanche at the Distillery - the entire place will be licensed and there are a $*!^ load of food trucks!
I'll try, but YOU HAVE A GREAT MONDAY<3
Hi!! And Thank you!
RT : Love it. IRE's : "Spreadsheets are the gateway drug to data analysis."
Anyone wanna play a game ???? XD
love the sugarland radio
Oh 3G MicroCell, I thought you were going to solve all my problems... Your activation process sucks! GPS lock required? Seriously?
Follow & The squad.
Tom Gates~ That we can comprehend the little we know already is mindboggling in itself.
What do you guys think of the new #WebCamWindow In The Window feature?
Hey Chris, thanks for sharing our portfolio editing video featuring Casey!
Looks like the horizon is on fire
Indeed it is! And it's been an epic adventure to get it made!
Can't wait for #TeamKelly and
Accidental! All for photographic purposes!
again with your clumsy come-ons?! ;)
is going to wish he kept that ObamaCare $$ in WI when he starts his new job at Wal-Mart later this year.
Justin RT an followed you!(;
o. Let's do suthin' later?
Thank you for the follow CONGRATS on your new book!! So exciting!
I will be sure to check them out, thanks hun!
Love as if you didn't know at all.
same here D:
i need to go try that acupuncture therapy out my back b killing me
Just one but I forgot his username .
Playing around with the new multicam feature in FCPX. Impressive.
haha yea I know... and ok I will check them
I wanna go swimmin b4 i get real big! Lol
Great review by that kid
U'll do fine, dont worry, just do steak days if needed so the weight dont creep back up! RT HCG Day 29 - Freaking out!
Last Monday I'll EVER have to wake up early for school again. Omg! I'm old :(
Team990 LIVE TFM - The Franchise Montreal 6am to 9am w/ Nick and Gary.
Thanks for a great #thatcampva; had to bow out a little early (parenting, grading, etc). But many ideas percolating...
I tell ya if you lived by me and went to this college you would absolutely love our director fantastic sense of humor and-
My Dreams await in my future<U+2665> Live the present & future...never the past...certainly Look at memories that you have cherished<U+2665>
awesome :) that's an honor! RT : We just used your Harper Trending tip on ESPN Sunday Night Baseball! Thanks!
Bring on the Saints! Us Seahawks are ready! Matt Hasselbecks our starting QB!!! Woo hoo!!!
Whats poppin? need an address to send...would u b able 2 take pic & send it 2 website. send 2
wish he had a bat. Guy is great behind the plate “: LASER LOU, ladies and gentlemen!”
Bill the 'Edmonds beach temperature taker' just told me a minute ago the sound is "50 degrees and warming up"
#JessieJ just rocked it on the !
you're always welcome! =)
We trimmed our big trips to two small long weekend trips. It's important for kids with disabilities to still get out and travel.
yea shed hurt you
Thanks Andy for the article! How have you been? If you're in Midtown, swing by our office some time!
Happy Birthday !(:
I appreciate all my real friends & followers not the twitter or facebook ones but the ones that really follow or friend me in real life...
Hey guys please dont click on any of those Chuck Norris links. My wifes fb page has been hacked
Macaroni and Cheese with lunch meat. Yeah...I'm a college student.
it was in the teachers' room
Happy Mothers Day!!
we're glad you approve! :) Do you think that you could email/DM us a blurb about the band to feature on our website?
where did you find out about the kissing scene? and zayn omfg. don't get me started.
And that's a wrap! Great end to the week and now looking forward to a bottle of red = good times ;) x
“: username has a 69 in it. OMFG I love that number.” you're my new bestfriend Andrew.
We must not let the GOP states take away the voting privilege of one citizen of this country,it is a constitutional right fought and died 4.
WWE Diva Maria Kanellis is now cast in the film I am working on in Los Angeles next month. I look forward to working with her. More deta ...
your advice to an aspiring singer like myself?
Once let my dad use a flowbee to cut my hair
Awesome Metropolitan Jazz Orchestra performance at GMU Center for the Arts tonight. Check out Mason's jazz line-up & come on out!
Btw, really excited that someone other than ME has read her!
I need a call today to get my
Dancing guy in 123 is back. what we came to see
Something really big is coming April 10th , Just might change the world actually. Stay tuned!!!!
• Dogs bark, wolves howl. But the sheep wouldn't know that. Lol
Good customer service is so important
: Thanks kindly, Mr. Seidel!
Woke up crying from the dream I had. Oh cookie how I miss yuo ! I wish i was with yuo rip cookie <|3.
We can only imagine-- have you tried our Maple Bacon Cookies? Sound like they'd be right up your alley.
Of course - now that I deleted profiles from a group it won't let me re-add other ones.
you do a great job using this twitter I made you with you know 0 tweets(;
Adult trying to explain stay in school and do right; I'm like shut up bitch you can't tell me shit.
Congratulations to you on your graduation. Best Wishes in whatever you decide to do. (I had playing for the Celtics in mind)
He needs to make the semis and have someone other than Rafa (i.e., Djokovic) win the tournament. If Rafa loses pre-final, also
Wow! #Scandal is in 6/10 top trending topics!
Our biggest rewards last week: Laura H. of Sacramento earned $59 at Greenwood Hypnotherapy! Congrats Laura!
"Nothing has changed but my attitude. Everything has changed." Anthony De Mello
I watched Madonna: Truth or Dare for the 1st time last night. Never realized just how similar young madonna and are
follow me now!
Kind of sad that no one wants to talk to me:'c
Last night was so fun! I love my friends.
Yeah, there are a lot of interesting ways that Google is using the Freebase data. Nothing that I can talk about yet though.
i knew it would bring the boys runnin. john peel brings all the boys to the yard.
#ThingsThatMakeMeSMH: when my Twitter app freezes too much. I can't refresh my timeline or mentions. -_- GRRR!
Ouch! Good observation.
I bet the people who are virgins in RL but have role played smut are going to be awesome in bed xD
Just finished up the last night at Engine Studios.
I beseech you, in the bowels of Christ, think it possible you may be mistaken.
#oldestpersonintheroom At Club Zoo
I think its from my phone but it said I didnt follow you yet
AMG we in here
#Thingsuonlydoinprison shower wit yo draws on!
Makin some moves..
More #followfriday fun!
nerves kicking in for my med class that ends soon
Soccer Game Today. Lets get another win <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I'm not a video game guy, but Max Payne 3 is freaking BAD ASS!!!
you not average
i have a car for the day. if you want to hang hit me up!
I love strawberries <3 I want some chocolate on thew rite now !!
got my tickets!! satt needs to come asap
He samuel!! Sexy
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, and today is a gift; that's why they call it a present. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
things stolen from me:my dream project,my work, businesses,properties,my Expedition,my friends/associates,my LIFE
Who's got it better than us!!!!
Stephen, the rigor of the law
They also need to trim these bushes cause they looking pretty nasty right about now..
-Rumor has it! :D
#CNNAfterDark was quite possibly the best tv ever! Sleep deprive the anchors more often!!! #Edith & #Carolyn are my new heroes.
Go to CU's athletic department....they have a lot of hot air there.
Take your own advice.
Thank you, James! :O)
ha! > “: It's been announced that Paul Silas won't return as Boncats coach next year...instead he'll start at Power Forward”
Oh my gosh dying at what this guy just said
The Buzzard says "read Quest for the Way: Origins of the Martial Arts on Amazon Kindle eBooks." :-)
Congrats to and for graduating!
Oh yes, very fun cover. Hmm, not sure if "chicken nugget" does justice to the goodness of schnitzel.. wonder why they did that..
On March 31,7:30 we are back at Miles Cafe with my quartet. The proceeds of the show will be donated to the victims of tsunami in Japan...
Why tf would Istagram let Android users invade the IPhone world! That's was specifically made for us! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I really don't want to clean my house...so I'm watching too much MSNBC instead. Toss up which would do me most good.
Someone please give me a report! MT : We are at the county courthouse sidewalk ready to go if the wind doesn't blow us away
Not even gonna say anything about the game .
Hey how is it going my lovable cupcake maker best friend?
need to do something cuz they dnt look good.. Yea he is but shouldn't be the best player
Wants a Katniss Everdeen AND an Elizabeth Bennett action figure for her desk.
you sound like a very big creeper ...... I may just block you
This insecure hunt for #perfectionism might not be the brightest idea, considering I must rise & shine for #dayjob in 4 1/2hrs
are you inside??
I would rather be loyal to a few than have to question many
We did as well. Pretty nuts line at 9pm. Wonder how old that gets for the neighbors...
That awkward belt stage where I have to choose between way too tight and way too loose.
I just used my friends iPhone 4 the other day and wow it feels so cheap compared to my Motorola Triumph With MIUI Android.
FYI: Parking Deck 1 is closed for renovations until August 9. Parking Deck 2 at 166 Washington St. is open 24/7 during this time.
Can't wait to see you - around 10pm. =)
White men talking
If by "roofied" u mean "watch you chug booze for 6 hrs", we are all guilty.
If your day's bad enough to warrant those tweets, it also warrants an "Oh dear." ;-)
Imma miss so many of the juniors to many to tag, but just shake it on this new principal.
Why is it that the girls who claim not to give a fuck are the ones who have been fucked the most?
thanks for the quick thinking :). amazing how life w/o internet is so befuddling.
you're on fire tonight. That last tweet was awesome!
Everyone is live tweeting for this event #digidoy DMIS
The 9/11 remembrance on tv this morning made me cry. The sight of people jumping and the panic the must have felt still haunts me
basically that's what I got from the FL debate so far too
Just heard my boys won!! Looks like we got Philly next round!!! Easy series let's dodis!
San Fran is brilliant. Hope you make it.
Hello there, Dana!
it's birthdaytime! shots shots shots shots sh-shots shots! merry birthday motherfucker ;}
oh, sweetie. Just message them with the link to the picture && ask them to take it down. they'll do it, no questions asked.
MT I just got it too. NYT: "Our records indicate that you recently requested to cancel your home.." Crashing their system too.
Thanks for the RT!!!
So tired. Must work.
Er, thank you? RT Congrats, Bob!
Lookin at other schools. Gettin back to business .
Floyd got the Cards set at receiver now
Hangin with me will boost your repatation.
Dang. Should we have made a badge for Foursquare check-ins? What do you think? Yay? Nay? Don't care?
you're amazing :D
Handcuff earrings back in stock. Get yours today!
Really lovin Diggy Simmons music, hope to do a song with him. If you think we should do a song together hit me up....
are you yes
WOW I JUST SAW MY BROTHER ON FOX NEWS CHICAGO YOU GO BRO!!!!!!!
What do you you think of the Sake Sangria at Emory?
Learn to LOVE SILENCE. It is the only time you truly get to listen to & feel your own thoughts. You may be surprised by what you hear.
Steelers kicker Reed cited for public intoxication, U.S. soccer forward Davies out of intensive care
My heart just melted a little. Perfect tone, perfect mood, perfect moment, perfect vision.
Happy to spread the word. Have a great week.
Our auction tonight is going gang busters. We're onto the high 200's in the lot count on bids. Wish you all were here having fun bidding!
I've always been the Mayor of my house and didn't oust anyone...
red wine :)
D: uuh oh mad autumn lol
I'm just glad Glen and Rick finally sacked up. Also, the prison and Michonne!
Come this wed/thur fri sat to the hot nightclub only
Yankelevich: Ang re his rhetoric, Boyer re her points of reference, Dinh re his celebration of mastery (esp re rejection of Conceptualism).
true or false: you miss filming true Jackson.
I said I was kidding! xD You know I love you :)
I'm sleepy!
Runnin up in pretty bitches constantly The Smalls bitch, who the fuck it was supposed to be?
if your trying to live in an oven
I always have so much to laugh & think about with you!
Slept all day,we got FREE salads at The Salad Bowl.Now makng cake w/white hot chocolate.Write a Song Son.
Ooh, I thought you were just talking AU slang again!
Just one hour left for the Outback steak dinner giveaway!
I will be watching you live from Tampa tonight! Xo
Um, hi, this is Twitter. THAT crap? Belongs on Facebook.
or that they slide down to the Packers
cause I want it all or nothing at all
all we're doing is voting n the same liars that promise what we want to hear. We need to make our voices heard n a diff. Way.
Im gonna be performing at Altar Bar Feb 11th get at me for tickets this shows gonna be wild
Is it bad form to look at a few job openings while I'm at work?
:O. Dang u gonna let him talk to u like that
So stoked for #TUFLive! I'm down with #TeamFaber Yeah buddy!
Why were you in my dream.
I'm without a phone and I'm home alone and it's borrrrriiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnngggggg! lol
Cool Story babe now go make me a sandwich
THEN ID HIDE IN A WHALES MOUTH
Today is soo boring but at 5:00 I'm leaving to a glow in a dark party!!! :-)
I know, you better be home on Saturday (:
One-fifth of U.S. adults read e-books as market booms - survey | Pew Research Center's Internet & American Life Project:...
We are, in fact, in the non-haunted wing of the St. James Hotel.
Totally agree! They're a pinkish orange!!
2nd interview at Palomino restaurant tomorrow. I might actually join the world of people with jobs soon.
#NOSCA opens Fri. w/ keynote from Patricia Martin on truly hearing the voices of #schoolcounselors, essential to students' bright futures.
Tapestry certified consultant Location: West Coast - Start: ASAP -LOA: 6-9 months + possible extensions excellent $ Client is finishing u…
I beleive this is my favorote ÆSOP quote: "Gratitude is the sign of noble souls." - Aesop
I look forward to it!
| and myself have ruined the Sigma GroupMe thread today arguing over Liberal Arts education's necessity!
I am an acoustic guitar player and singer...anybody wanna jam and check each other's styles of music, let me know!!!!!
Tebow proving people wrong. Again. The dude just won't die.
Yay guys, so much is stirring in the production process. I've got a dance record in the works!!! whoo hoo
fingers and toes crossed MLB doesn't appeal the appeal...
Actually, at a place called Lockdown. It's a Kuma's rip-off that's almost as good, but without the wait.
Everclear it is!
you know it
EVERYBODY. MY NIECE CAN COUNT TO THREE NOW. SHE IS A GENIUS CHILD.
still cant find my easter basket..
Fangirls are just...I can't. When they think the guy they obsess over actually likes them..No..it doesn't happen..now go back to reality..
You Sholl is Ugly!!! So what drunkie, you ain't no spring chicken & you got Chicklets for teeth!! -The Color Purple, the real version
Heading down Sheffield ave today, between Division and Belmont, any great local stores I should visit?
RT : Good Morning! Unemployed FHA borrowers to get year of forbearance in a change that may become industry standard:...
The devil out here buying souls giving no refunds
RT : #Follow & RT for your chance to #win one of FIVE $15 discounts toward tickets! #TicketTuesday ends 11pm tonight!
Look out for the official release of are website April 2012
I would like to waltz with your BEARD
Teamwork for my friends.
It's not a bad thing though. It's pretty funny
don't talk about me
If you don't believe in you....why should anyone else? Get your ass up, hit the gym & make something of this day. It's what we do!
i forgot diablo takes an hour to download lol -__-
F.I.N.A.L.S= fuck I never actually learned shit
#beerthirty and we're drinking fresh
hopes the Easter bunny found everyone...but more importantly that everyone found church. eating chocolate for breakfast yum!
TONIGHTS KANDY MAGAZINES OFFICIAL LAUNCH PARTY @ COLONY IS GONNA BE INSANE!!! Get a hold of me if you wanna come by :)
Just had a student reflect that "rhetoric" is "subtle mind-fu$%ing." Mission accomplished, I guess.
Watching at work
Hooray! I wish I were at a pool!
I agree
that looks exactly like the one that I had!!!!!!!!!! omg so cute <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Follow me on INSTAGRAM my name is Leah_Boo
Hey Twitter land.please have a listen at reverbnation..hit the "like" button..help me reach 101.dont forget to have a Fabulous eveningTux
127 Hours claims another one... big strong guy fainted when they - well u know...
Thanks! RT : So happy that I participated #AIDSWalk12 today w/ friends. My first time! It's for a good cause :D
It's Thursday, it's Thursday, YAY!! ... I know, it's not Friday but I still have my Happy dance on..I'm HERE!! Celebrate everyday!! :)
Omg am I really watching hockey and they pissing me off kinda reminds me of a redskins game lmao!!!!
Agh...!! Watching the 11 pm news. A 6th grade assist. teacher collapsed and died in the classroom today in front of his students.
thanks girl!!
People listening to Lynard Skynnard willingly
glad you like our stuff :)
morning texts >>> RT " #ImTheTypeOfBoyfriend that will send you that good morning text every morning."
my sister is fine i talked with her today. Still in america through. She ca fly home in three days
Tiger lost it w/the bogey on 12. He'll have to shoot -3 on final 4 holes. Won't happen
It would be much more useful information if I was going, but that was fun anyway. =)
ha! Ok, yeah. You're right.
What if she opts to go for a McCafe drink? Thats up to four dollars and worth much more in dollar menu. Do you shoot it down?
you couldn't pay me enough money to stay in an underwater hotel.
Desire a #nude discount vacation $100 per night visit us
aww love you too! ill miss ya sissy!!
A man pulls off a bold move to stop suspected drunk driver from ditching a crash scene. Hear how he did it at 11am on NBC 6.
MAHOMIES RUN THE WORLD YEAH-
it iiiiiiiisssss! youtube!
Congratulations on becoming a Bricksquad DJ
haha just watched the episode of reaper where u had a gun for an arm...if only....
hope u tapp out of it lol:)
no, I will definitely take a look.
Mix colleagues and cardio at the #NACUA Annual Conference...Tomorrow's Bay Bulletin has details on a morning running tour of San Fran!
no doubt boo thang :)
Cam Newton got the coldest commercial out right now
you could use some sort of heated wire to do an outline in ice. Or just lay on it for a really long time :)
OOOoohhhh! Tsunade is stepping into action soon in the Naruto manga. Can't wait. <3 Favorite character :D
If she doesn't care, then you can do better.If she does, than convince her you love her. Eiter way, tell her your there.
I used to be able to get a boner!
Boo! RT : Large area of rain entering SW Wisconsin. Moving toward the Milwaukee area for later this afternoon.
Singing tonight!!(:
I rap the truth !
- article is a real eye opener - thanks again :)
OMG!! I gained 135 followers when I followed FOLLOW HER FOR SHOUTOUTS AND QUOTES(:
I'm starting to very much love the new
good times! Haha miss y'all
I love you Shane, but you're going to get whooped. Prove me wrong.
what game do you think would be the most likely upset in the NFL this weekend?
Once you understand the distance betw urself and the character, the real joy of acting begins P.Kampf FREE #acting ebook www.paitraining.com
totally forgot tonight is FNF Friday Night Fights on TF2!!
": Megan Good is engaged to a minister BUT just had a sex tape released !"y are u tellin us this? Lol.
Good luck! I hope you had fun last night. It was good to see you (briefly) haha
Got a phone call from , butt dial
I'm trekking to Everest base camp with new Men's outbound mid-leather hiking boots. Interested in a review?
no idea who we should believe now
i guess everybody else had the same idea i did... go to the grocery store and wash my car......
Brides! You have your venue, you have your Church, you have your Man, but do you have your MAKEUP ARTIST? (248) 477-5548
today in NY! I'm not sure who I'm wrestling yet but I never back down from a fight!
LOVE to hear this! Perhaps we can talk more over lunch some day! Can't wait to hear the details!
Sadly - looks like TD Lee does not like Zumba. Fitness by the Fountain cancelled tonight. Hope to see you Weds for yoga!
Argh! Road contruction on Sunset = INSANE traffic :-/
My opinion is my opinion. You have no right to judge me for it.
what were they doing there?
I'm supposed to be doing my homework right now, but I'd take the chance of you following me over a passing grade anyday ;)
From Ethiopia, coffee spread to Egypt & Yemen, and by the 15th centennial had reached Persia, Turkey, and northern Africa.
It's so awesome!! You should be famous for that
got some great ideas from Julie Miller on getting the next generation "fired up" about
Nap time please
Finally, #Northwestern comes of the board, just in time. The #Buccaneers select Drake Dunsmore in Round 7. Good value.
please follow me :) love you babe!! <3 tehee
if i'd been stuck in this dressing room much longer, i would have resorted to eating cat food. of course i have cat food w me.
when do you get to Denver?
Be kind to strangers: they're more scared of you than you are of them.
It's here - April Brew's Day 2011. Tonite at the Farmers Market on Railroad Ave.
I am the booth
Dog Farts. That is all.
we are about finished with #gryndcertified for !!
That's completely inexcusable --- what, all non-whites look alike?
this made my day xD
:D We love each other deeply! She is the best woman in the world. I hope you find someone you love and adore as much as I do her!!
the real live is following me. holy cow!
The stupidest fucking TT are trending right now. -__-
i don't want to give too much away but i'm thinking vertical social network for people who surf and smoke a lot of pot. PROFIT!
Why do i ALWAYS have to be the one to text you first
good morning colleen
Believe nothing you hear and only half of what you see.
that sounds beautiful right there!
A check of my BMI shows that I am overweight. This is... new
CHAOS EVERYWHERE
Bono, we're going to have Fergie join you and Mick for the song, ok?
It's never not funny to me when calls Clark Kellogg "Superman Cornflakes"
Nf follow back : )
performing with Hall & Oates = bad ass.
ugh i hope my brother wakes up /: his son and me need him ;'[
I'm sick of putting this knee brace on just to go make water. It might be diaper time!!!
that's a cool chick!
up WAY to late for having been up at 5am this morning... #sleepwhereareyou?
Attending the 2010 National Conference on Foreign Relations. Topics: immigration reform, U.S nuclear policy Israeli-Palestinian conflict
I swear, whenever tsunami alarms go off it feel like Armageddon.
yeah bro let us see the collection:-)
Why is twitter unfollowing people today?
Just had breakfast at The Hill Cafe & bought price-gouged ice at The Market. They say ice is free at Fast Mart.
still waiting for tax forms, but the software has been purchased and the planning has started in my head for all 6 returns
This is exactly why we need VRM.
Tuesday isn't exclusively New Pal night. I just wanted to host a few fans for my first game back after The Dunk.
ok cool I get in around 1230 is there a big sports bar downtown around staples you would suggest if I don't make it to the game
Just got home....an there is no one here???
When the teachers erasing the bored and she misses a spot I go insane on the inside
“: yes and next week its gonna be 80”oh ok it's 80 at night here
the round brown fox hopped past the tired dog.
Not Another Not Another Movie is now on Netflix. I want to help some friends so please don't blame me for it (",)
yo Brucie B... do I need to holla at the alphabet boys to tweet you?
retweet - Simply Put I'm Lead to be the best Me - Mega Millyon
Man MONDAYS!!!
maybe not so crap anymore.. funny how an email can change the entire day
Peoples obsession with the rich as idols never ceases to perplex me.
And I know I subtweeted myself w/that RT. For shame, David. For shame.
RT : When you live in your truth miracles occur naturally.
i tried calling you call me back ASAP i have things i need to do i cant wait here all day
RT : EXTENSION: Apply by May 10th, #Cleantech Open Biz Accelerator & Competition >580 have raised >$600M
Watching Camp Rock since like two years, and still knowing the lyrics.
wen i don't be on here i get #unfollowed lol so what y'all must be mad cuz i got a life.
Alpha-1 has been identified in virtually all populations and ethnic groups. Estimated 1 in every 2,500 Americans have
On this date in 1940, Hattie McDaniel became the first African-American to win an Academy Award. Quite a leap.
Shout out to ! Follow them for followers!!! Follow each other to gain
Yea that's why he's good..Like some of his raps make no sense , but sense he's all hyped up and stuff it's good
they are yours. We'll sort out how to get them to you once i get home from errand.
another day with no time even check twitter at "lunch." how do you people do it? ah well, time for a nice walk and then GIN O'CLOCK.
Revolutionize #CloudBrokering & #CloudBrokeringServices in the #Cloud - 's #GRCSkin is on #Cloud-eVerse - made Tuff!
Thank you for the tweet.. Let us know if you have any questions! :)
Yes! I've seen that! Totally awesome!
Labor Day weekend hours: Open 10-6 Friday and Saturday, 12-5 on Sunday, and CLOSED on Monday. Enjoy your holiday everyone!
da menu said its da best yet...... they callin it
What you know about War and Tweets?
Parents are no fun when they're sober :p
IM EXPERIMENTING!!!! LMFAO
#timewarnercablekc please figure out why my history channel isnt working. I want to watch the Swamp People.
omg have you had prom?
why do some girls smell so damn good <3
it's pretty hilarious, ed westwick just arrived, engines revving...
HAHAAH and that's how I feel about math. AP what?
Brian here with Would love to talk app dev.
Ikr but thts not a problem sleep in 1st period lolls
thanks for the shoutout :)
No=/ I am ready to give up on everything=/
To everyone that insisted 'the fourth be with me' yesterday; Hopefully today you 'plead the fifth'.
bring me some babe
xD I think I will, thanks. :)
Don't call me. I'll call you.
The wedge? I need a tuba translation.
launched its #genchange toolkit: tools for investing in talent, developing leaders and generating change
Ever since I met you, no one else is worth thinking about.
Yay, you sent me a big frosted cookie?
Nothin' means nothing
Dispiriting Jarvis Red Line stop: long wait, cold, rain, and thunder, plus some guy barfing on platform. The big city, I love it so.
Today, I learned that street cleaning has begun again by getting my first ticket of the season. Made me think about selling my car.
LOL! Leap Day kicked my butt. Let's just say that I made the most of the extra 24 hours. RT : rough night??
Audio recorded for first lecture. Now for editing.
Watched the Avengers with my son this afternoon. Enjoyable flick & not as gory as Capt America for the little ones.
The audition piece was fun, it had all the tricky tbone bits in there for sure. .
: & Frontier are making WiFi available for the Groundhog Prognostication in Sun Prairie!
you got me tied up and lost looking for you to reach for me to help me up..
horror /scary
So, so jealous.
Answer: We have one Sweet & Salty bar with almonds and one Sweet & Salty bar with peanuts.
At practice, five minute breaks are always nice
Vandy did a disservice to the field of 68 yesterday, they may end up being the best team we play all year 3 shooters n a bruiser
After a month of waiting, my sandals finally came in the mail! YAY! A girl can never have too many #shoes :)
Game is stressing me out and instead of pulling my hair out I braid my hair. Starting to look Rasta
Turner needs to stop shooting the fucking ball!!
Sleep. I need it.
Ok hangover gone and back in love with Vegas... You know how you hate it when you first wake up that next morning
got me fucked up
Never said that. I think LeBron is a better defensive player. But who would you rather have taking the game-winning shot?
Back atcha pretty moms!
Hey! Do any of you have a good camera, and want to help us this weekend get a pic in a national cookbook??
You know it. PS I hope Ken Austin gives you a job!
Screw eating, I'd rather spend my money elsewhere.
The event celebrated the latest issue of 'Social Research' - Capital New York
...they just saw something. It seemed obvious to them after a while.” ~ Steve Jobs
just wondering why you aren't with at Harrys...is this a racial thing?
tim krul was awesome again today. Hes a pure talent!! X
are about to be golfing.
RT : Headed to Jet Set Keynote - looking forward to on panel!
I did!
Yeah so my ear and head hurts so bad from that freaking harness. I blame the drumline
RT reminder, is hosting a Town Hall w/ today at 1:30 CST JOBS for Latinos!
Thanks! I definitely miss the forums...i just bough a civic though..need the perfect all-in-1 loaded auto apps!
nice... Where is the action???
You meet them you took a dance class with them and got to see their concert some people didnt even get to see them yet so you should be
I CANNOT FOCUS ...not use to doin work like this, but it's not my house so I have no choice.
That's it. I'm done with people today.
Thanks for the RT :)
#NF the beautiful and sexy
your tattoo omg, i thought it was gonna be a lryic or something. what is that anyway?
thats awesome! thanks for coming!!! :)
u dah rite person I need I luv yah book stay n L.A I'm close friends wiff MB I have a group i rap n I love roc to death
ashamed of who I am
means your 360 is dead my man. Time to hope it's still under warranty.
Breaking up fights to ask if it's serious
Then you're probably 8 years old. " : what if I have an extreme addiction to Slurpees?"
Hanging on Bourbon Street! NOLA is the greatest!!
Watching "What's Eating Gilbert Grape". Leo was at his best here. So impressive.
So far day 4 is most successful potty training day. Persistence/patience is paying off. Still a long way to go.
Hello Rain Members! No group classes until Jan 1st! Open regular hours today!
Today is the last day of the #BusLawSpring Meeting. Catch some CLE in Caesars Palace while you can!
yeah, i like to see what kind of bullshit he posts. it's pretty freaking sad.
google austrailian hotties and came up a bazillion times.!! :D
is so worth it, such a purty sequined purse!!!
The weekend is a ways off - come drown your sorrows w/ $7 taco platters & $6 margs this Taco Tuesday. Lunch, happy hr, dinner & late night
Just lost my mom in the grocery store... #help #whereareyou! #mom?
Aw so cute! I'm coming to steal him/her, watch out! If that's your only obligation, then ur over half way there!
there's no better feeling than tossing you off and making u do flips across the water... self satisfaction for myself haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I heard it won 49 local Emmys.
Here's this week's tip from the ASPCA in honor of Prevent Cruelty to Animals month: Talk to your kids about how to treat animals with...
#TurnToYou is amazing <3 such a good song <3 made my step mom cry<3
Loveland and A-Basin opening this week! Woo HOO! Bring on the snow - thankfully,
Okay Hammer, u got your wish so I EXPECT POSITIVITY FOR THE ENTIRE DAY!!!
Follow my friend shawnparikh and tune in to his first season on Cougar Town!
Can't wait!
#WeWontWorkOut if you're shorter then me
Maybe then they wouldn't have pushed fancy college ed so much.
were matching because we both have a twitter
Oh, that sucks. Then what's the point of calling it a "zoo" brew?
GET UP!!! Friends is on today!!! Lol
grind hard or starve!
thanks guys!
Dammit.... I forgot to eat... All day.. What should I eat now that I am STARVING??
Not such a bad Monday :)
OMG I want it all
Oh maybe thats why she looked familiar! No need for all those bumpits though!
Governor Dayton gets ready to welcome new puppy home
Happy momma's day, mommas! Thanks for giving birth to us. <3
I stole it sorry bro :)
#lighttheweed n take off
They cheating
JoePa! RT : What coach do you most admire in College Football?
cant wait for bone thugs to come out wit another album..
Hey Kevin. Thanks for letting me know. A huge emergency came up in the family and I wasn't able to get to my contacts.
Pruned my list of tweeters who I follow. Let's see if I've made my feed more relevant.
Pankey transferring now. Remember when MD was going to have a solid squad next year?
Yay! I love my new #teamtallgirl friends! :)
If your words have never offended someone, then you've never stood for anything. - Nathan Powell
thanks for the RT Tara! -- How you doing? :-)
How do you shut down the whole 405?? They don't even have people out there working
says "Indiana's growing success as a place for business dependent upon its investment in infrastucture."
yea jamir did his thing allitle the only downfall was a couple turnovers and marc just snapped
Please tell me what Nick is thinking with that jacket?
Bitches love to complain
Popcorn. Buttery, with extra butter, salt, and nacho cheddar seasoning.
#thebestthatneverwas back on am espn2 then back on pm Espn classic
Wouldn't be a EuroCocktail/EuroConnect without Greg Cash; glad to see your name posted on the registration, my dear.
were just having fun!
Kid in my class told me Star Wars wasn't real. I told him it was in a galaxy far far away so how would you know?
I seriously do not want to go back to indiana!!
Just take my hand and I promise if you follow me I'll lead you into the light.
Happy Record Store Day y'all! Get at it!
"As a great man once said/ there's nothing more powerful/ than an idea/ whose time/ has come."
I am so sad now. RT. : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83
Gotta charge my phone when I get back in my room...
Hello this is Jessica, CS GM. Glad you enjoyed the music; just sent an email re: your frustrations. Please feel free to contact me.
Ill shave tonight.. lets get laid. Cougars.
Bring back the Gourman Report! :)
Ahh Imma write you another one tomorrow :D
Hello Everyone! Checkout the website for my upcoming movie EPIDEMIC CHRONICLES. www.epidemicchronicles.com
I wish i could run back to yesterday
Told myself that you were right for me, but felt so lonely in your company
Finally some sunshine!
I came along, I wrote a song for you & all the things you do, and it was called yellow.
But Arizona is wrong.
sorry! Closed on Sunday!
The "Just for Men" commercials, although they are cute, I doubt there are guys out there dreaming to be toddlers again... Message failed!
my heart is damaged cn somebody fix it
Not the window dressing that matters, but the customer service inside the store.
he was in Australia in a play for a few years, currently working on some new music, should be dope
Weird lesbiam staring ate from accross the room. Its creepy
Anybody seen any good hip-hop shows recently?
: I think I just saw your van in Delafield. Online relationship, right ? Good job guys.
I wonder if my chihuahuas can swim ... I'm going to throw them in pool as see what happens
True , True . I just gota finish this last essay question .
-- Check out y'alls smooth changes! Nicely done & consider it passed!
Donald Davis and Deborah Asante are telling stories at the Eugene and Marilyn Glick Indiana History Center!
Don't miss this! RT 1 week from today at 10:30CST, I'll share tax-free #sportsbiz ideas in first ever #migalahour q&a
Lol we need some jumper cables
Woohooo!!!! The hilarious is following me!!! Follow him for hilarious "in the office" tweets!
I feel like you can definitely trust a car salesman who keeps a Fender on hand and has Star Trek posters in his office.
The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it. -Flannery O'Connor
Good morning everyone i hope you slept good if not im sorry but i hope you have a fun funny safe stress free wonderful blessed day today
no problem :)
Background actors are, and seeing as how that's how most SAG actors in NYC earn health insurance, simple math is all you need.
Look for our catalog with models wearing LL bean reading our books
Special thanks to The Renaissance Group & Howard bookstore for a great Author Pavilion at the CBCF. Big Shotout 2 Lee McDonald & Kirk Thomas
1471- Battle of Barnet- battle in the #English War of the Roses in which power player Warwick the Kingmaker was killed by King Edward IV .
That is one of the meanest things you can think of someone doing :)
I'm always lurking. ;)
It's my 33rd birthday today! Anyway I can score some free tickets to the show tonight in Madtown?
I'm so sorry!
Just read an NFL story and to me it appeared a "borrow" of MMQB from P. King. I thought that stuff only happened in school smh.
Hey bro! What's up?
lets fall in love again don't be afraid we'll find a way don't hold back we can start all over
oh no! I'm so sorry. Praying today. Just for bleeding?
RT if you love your fans <U+2665>.
Recruiting is great! Its always nice to find people jobs. Where do you want to live?
lol it was a joke regarding the content of your tweet
Shout out to follow her and she will follow u and me2
Q5. What drink just says "I am on holiday" to you? (via )
Great news! Breaking news: Montee Ball: "I listened to my heart and I will be returning for my senior season."
You know it's love when you want to keep holding hands even after you're sweaty. ~ Anonymous
Joseph Joubert: Imagination is the eye of the soul.
you should make a follow-up poll "what movie should Hollywood NOT Remake"
When I have children I’m gonna make them watch the movie “2012” and tell them I survived that.
K! :) How many do you need?
WHITE HOUSE VISIT - NCAA Mens Basketball National Champion University of Kentucky will visit President Obama this Friday
Like... Whoah, right? I'm so excited that you're my partner! :)
IU players Christian Watford and Jordan Hulls present and accounted for!
my catching gear, it was in the auxiliary gym
You can't just be passed out drunk and single .... you gotta take responsibility... you gotta pay for it!!!
Breakfast of champions- polenta, eggs and #mangalitsa bacon from Off to in a few to pick up more bacon. Yum
Actually, we'll be in Zurich the first week for DjangoCon Europe. After that we would love a tour guide. :-)
proud of you. i still haven't went!!
Wow nothing like hearing shaggy on the radio.
Let's score,Jersey Shore, Ouch my hair stuck in the door, be as tan, as I can,So that I could steal your man!! Oh Oh Ah Oh (Repeat) Lol xD
Droid does alarm clock
OMG how do you find out your cash back amount!? I can't figure it out
So 2morrow is national silent day(DONT TALK) for people(gays&straight) who been bullied and killed themselfs and its bob marleys birthday!
tonight: #records #turntables #beer #sushi w/ & #DJ Eri at Sushi Cam (wilshire & san vicente) 6p till late. see you there!
DAT BiTCH A HOE ((iiON EVEN THiNK HE KNOW))
Jury duty: postponed. Nothing shall interfere with comiccon. NOT EVEN DEATH ITSELF.
haha you right
Time for Focusing on Pathways 'cross the Ohio River with
Well I hope we don't get swept away in the tornado...
LOL, Word with Friends Live! Love it. I'm calling it that now.
I think ima give this up
DANA....LOVE YA, BUT.....STICK TO PARTY PLANNING......
Lidstrom thinks he will make his decision before Holland signs anybody, so who is brought in will have no bearing on his decision
Somewhat surprised I am flipping my calendar this weekend. March blew by.
yeah, well, Obama supports it! so that's good...
I'll keep you posted and thanks for the tip. I'll look into that.
I'm sorry I didn't answer
When you're a grown adult..you should not whine obnoxiously. Shit happens.
The key to overcoming audition anxiety is learning to hold your focus on your performance rather than on the outcome.
lol #tight and I'm on the phone and chillin :)
A pretty face, doesn't mean a pretty heart.
Suck my nugget you cunt . . Hehe , CUNT NUGGET ;D
You're awesome, thanks for all the support ;)
If a female think I trust her? Lol she's as dumb as she thinks I am. *take a second to think about what that means*
he's a short BEAST!
that's a solid tip. Maybe it starts Tuesday and goes until Thursday
:o what movie?! and when does the movie end? :(
When does that come out? I've been hearing lots of good things about. Need something good to play on my Vita!
i hate those nights when i can't sleep. i'm definitely gonna regret this in the morning. :c
in the salon with my daughters. I just love the smell of the hair dryers
World Premiere of Radio Free Albemuth- and Gala Party TONIGHT- starring Shea Whigham and based on the philip k. dick novel- info gsiff.com
This week is going to sick so much.
Parks and Recreation is solid too.
My girlfriend TL be goin crazy!
When anxiety decreases you see things more clearly and more realistically.
RT this if you want my new number. OR if you want me to txt you.
The Miseducation oF Mikey
Because a flush always beats a full house. “: Question. Why does Vegas have a network of flood tunnels if its in the desert?”
September, Earth Wind and Fire
GH is in #OR1. Debate tonight 7pm Bonamici vs. Cornilles Don't care what your opinion is, just have one. Be informed.
Love the new #ExactTarget Careers page on FB---check it, and our job openings out!
Today is the day people!!!!! Production already started setting up... This is gonna be hell of a wknd.... Come & join us @ The Melia hotel!
At an attitudinal level, the switch has been made. 40% of companies are actively using #Cloud computing as a model. Still at an early stage.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
oh sorry, i guess i don't remember that. the 90's was all about long legs covered in belts.
ending throws some people who didn't read the product description carefully. Glad u r having fun and thanks for kind words
That is exactly what I just pulled out of my fridge!
no shit kelly. So disrespectful. He made millions off of her.
Just finished a great workout! Out at breakfast at Le Peep with Craig & Michelle now!
Heh. It seems I've caused more trouble than not by posting those. No links -- all subscriber-only.
sad indeed..ps what agent is so important he can't use his real name? That's douchey
So my 2yo son Jack got worse and went into ICU on oxygen , then he got better and now on a good steady quick recovery track.
evaluate: I traded bush/romo for Brady/Witten. I think I made out hardcore.
don't get me wrong banks need reform, it's just that movement doesn't have any aim and is much more privileged than it leads on
Love me or hate me, both are in my favor. If you love me, I'll always be in your heart, If you hate me, I'll always be in your mind.”
Doc and I have been sitting on the floor in the same spot for the last 15 minutes staring at the same bug. Like mother like son.
I love it when white people say nigga.
better man.
Seriously though. I DID NOT SEE THAT COMING holy shit hahaha.
Does a book really NEED a forward, preface, introduction, AND prologue? It's also <200 pages
I know <U+E403> but on the bright side I'll be with you all day tomorrow <U+E415>
I am NOT a 4 string purist!,but see the the expanding role of the bass regardless to the number of strings.5,6 makes no difference just PLAY
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. ~Mother Teresa
Did you see my new tenant? Rates go down during hurricane season
Just saw a dude driving around smoking a hookah in his car.
IT IS SO HARD FOR TO FOLLOW ME<U+2764>Every single tweet is about him. He is my inspiration! I would do anything to meet him. Follow?
Awesome clip! Proud to be a part of the arc tribe with you!
Like the Bonneville Salt Flats out in the Penn Ave bike lanes this AM, and by that I mean salty, not speedy.
good morning. Handsome ...LOL :)
I have a craving for Henry James. I've read Portrait of a Lady, which of his should I read next?
I'd rather take the bus & be let to school than let my mom drive me :/
Don't be the loud talking and bragging Loki to another persons Hulk. You might get thrown around like a rag doll.
We make em bounce bounce gotta shoot you the newest version for the Adlibs to the song bruh
There's a number of variables that come into play that the QB has no influence on.
George Winters~ If God had really intended men to fly hed make it easier to get to the airport.
Braun with his fifth walk coming up?
I Dont wana live that way
"He's the Wiz and he lives in OZ!!!"
You're absolutely right. Wanted to do a whole list of historic failures (some of which became successes).
The prosecution's office needs to embrace technology.Let THE people test how Pros. Disc. is being used.Social media?
My life is driven by alarms...
It's only Tuesday. #yawn. :(
We are drawn to Light.
Washington has, again, expressed the importance of not letting anyone move from behind our lines into the occupied city of Boston.
Happy to announce that we're now offering financing for Power Days so we can begin to help more people get in quicker! contact us for...
People who don't take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year
I don't feel well & and I have your car keys
Hee. RT "Im thinking about adopting a pup. Chicks love a dude with a direwolf, right?" - A douchebag in Westeros
looking forward to Barack Obama's acceptance speech tonight.
oh really? in the car?
RT : Just attended a great Career Fair success workshop at the CMS, I highly recommend!
55% Of Twitter Users Are Mobile
Amen RT : Men make #Mistakes, but God is #Perfect! So why do we put our #Trust in Men?
i know i get on people nerves hahahaha i dont give af
Astronomer urges world to prepare for asteroids to hit earth
s that an okayy to meeting my lil sis or having her come with ud??!?!?!
Thanks to all of you that have placed orders on my site myNSP.com/CleanStart The Herbs Really Work! If u have questions on using them ask me
RT : Damn Russell Wilson is the shit .... ur right
I hate your bullshit
#ohmygosh ..... Are you kidding me right now?!?! I cant believe #GlowisHere (: going to itunes right now!Followback?!
If you're in Charleston, SC tomorrow come by Velocity Sports 2 check out our Shooting Clinic with
Do it up whatever you gotta do to get started ... start slow and build your way up
Happy New Year! Thanks for making 2011 such an amazing year. We look forward to seeing you all in 2012!
JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE!
“Information Overload is an Opportunity” Karl Fast,
Haha. Sorry about the cookie troubles. There is something amazing about homemade chocolate chip cookies
My brother is so annoying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Inventor of multiple choice tests: "lower order testing" to get through historical moment of teacher shortage.
Fickle little things, aren't they?
What will drivers of economic growth be in Massachusetts over next decade? What should state/local govts be doing to drive them?
How was your weekend? #SmallBusiness owners are you ready to make this your best week? :)
looking forward to the instrumental national anthem of spain
We don't even know what those things are down here in 22201. ( was great when I had issue last week. Love #FIOS)
Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy
If you ever talk to her, you should ask her if she has made one.
Are tickets for Detroit sold out?
looking forward to signing my girls love their programs for children and teens
Thanks to new follows for supporting new contemporary ballet in DC!!
she hasn't seen it yet. I did it late last night and she wasn't home.
Saying "thnx" doesn't convey authentic gratitude.
Good Morning Tweeps
good morning
thank you...
sorry - i read your comment as sort of an "oh, they're young, they'll learn"
Runner completes half-marathon for sister - Sun-Sentinel
you have 24 videos on your second channel, and if I win I'll use it to watch all of them!
Her songs thats it I love her as a person personally
Chris Christie joke. RT : Hoagie summit
This---» RT : I'm way too niice to #GetInWhereIFitIn what I look like sum typical nigga?
Like a fool left the river, and watched my branches fall.
God is writing my love story :)
Hahahaha. Yes I am at home relaxing finally. Tell Jon I'm making Tilapia with vegetables!
The fact that has a signer on stage and is singing one of the most beautiful songs ever means he needs to win#TheVoiceFinale @
So far, Karen is in the lead with the most referrals. Let's keep it going guys! Keep the referrals coming!
I'm down for some smashburger!! :)
Could whoever parked this VW bus in my skull please come move it. Its not funny any more.
Thanks for the follow!
yeah that site has better fonts than picnik ever did no prob!
I gota call the Guinness World Record people because I have to have broken the record for most peanut butter sandwiches eaten in a semester
No looking back at Sodom and Gomorrah.
This dude just bursted out laughing for no reason.
Now, , are you just saying that because said it?! or do you really mean it?!
Congratulations! We look forward to the unfolding :-).
Tough loss for USF Women's soccer, still have a chance though, time to turn it around. Men's vs. the cuse tomorrow Come on Bulls!
Party, party! 2012
Congrats and you get a decent quarterback and a top round hot wag!
if i don't want to break down and cry at least once it wouldn't be #musicnow. spellbinding performance by
Now though, it doesn't even seem like it's been 5 months since he passed...feels like ages
I'm loving for collaborating on design issues.
Have you posted a new youtube video yet?? Sorry to bother im just wondering(: <3
Woman @ the gym kept sniffing her armpits between sets on the ab bench. As unsure as she is about herself, I am less sure about this gym.
Happy Mother's Day!!!
There's some really good albums out.
RT : need to measure impact of archives on social justice #aca2010 [academic study w/Wendy Duff developing a methodology
I FUCKING LOVE IT!!! Your voice <U+2665>___<U+2665>
A beer bottle may not be shaped like a Boomerang but it still comes back to us every weekend. Come drink with us we have cheap beer.
the one in Hialeah?
now that my colleagues have experienced #makerfaire I think they better understand why I love #burningman. Create, make, do! Yes!
Dear Nikolai, How Did You Break The Zoom? (:
Cleaned my room.
I guess when u put it in that perspective, I can laugh a little
Ugh y'all just don't understand how many tears her existence brought to my life. Ugh okay I'll stop.
kinda far but ill def try to make it..
Some people irritate me >_< wooosah
in the club sloppy drunk dancing with your skirt up!
I want 2 force #ATouraine 2 address women, 2 read gender into Touraine until he does it post communism when he places women at theory center
ive had this phone for almosy a year -___-
what up
-- agree..not earth shattering. However I would have liked to see how we matched up with a top 5 team.
you sleep like your dead(: ( )
Oh you're quite welcome!
Today : Interviews with , , and
erin its always a pleasure chatting with u next time we can discuss friends..lol..I'm so beat gotta get some sleep!!!!
Hope you're going green today. My grandmother used to promise to take us "to city hall to get our butts painted green."
Is it sad that the application I use the most on my Blackberry is a timer? P.S. This tweet took 33 seconds to type.
Good morning, feels good to be outta the fridge lol
hey guys... check out my page on FB....click the THUMBS UP ICON.. LIKE it... or my mom will beat me... agian...
Keep calm and eat a big mac with two double cheeseburgers, 10-piece chicken nuggets, large fries, and a large high-c orange.
I couldn't agree more!!! Somebody needed to say it, and I'm glad that there are people like you on this campus!
Happy Holidays to all!!! Be safe out there!
Agreed!!! :) The challenge is to get everyone else to agree too!
Collection building to curation to production to publishing within one place.
gotta babysit bs rs
So much preparation.
Don't forget to buy your Little Man-Cave Playhouse raffle tickets. $5 each available on the chamber website or at HEB Cypress Market
good advice!
how do you have 41k followers on twitter, but begging for friends on facebook???
GO BIG BLUE
you aren't lying bro! I just got a $90 shirt for $35.
and you didn't get a shot of smoke??!!
Lol, don't judge me!
Good #Crossfit sesh this morning.. had a little anxiety over box jumps, LOL
No studying done , I watched tv . Time to get on it !.
So true! RT And Affleck supported Obama in 2008!
Ew, it's slush city out here!
i blame pamela anderson.
Just another day of killing snakes for fun and saving the lives of citizens all throughout Miami-Dade County with the one & only
I love sitting in the airport doing nothing for hours.
I am really looking forward to playing my first Norwegian Championship in poker in 3 years! Even more so to see Thor Hansen again!
I was rappin on the train wit Frib Fam & assosicates & a white lady said she gonna listen to my mixtape & I should make lots of CDs .
are you ever coming back to ohio? :(
Hello! We miss Cork! We were there in 2000. RT : Hello in Seattle from Cork in Ireland! Thanks for the follow! :D
JSB is a very thoughtful & thought-provoking speaker.
Don’t miss our brunch promo all month! Good M-F between 11-3pm, just bring a friend & get 25% off!
Yay! See you soon.
#BetterWithChicago all I want for next Friday Is the chance to see my idols, more than anything in the whole world.
Missing NY, may need to book a flight for April
prove it
mine was yesterday(: hahaha are you a junior?
so brah somtimes I do stuff in class
Just caught my mom on Spotify listening to
Smash the track! I ran 2mi and i feel good. I should do this more often
Am I a bad person for watching and enjoying New Girl?
you can do eeet
Winter was like spring. Now, spring is like winter. I felt like yesterday was Sunday. I think my brain is on GWT, global warming time.
God is so good!, how has He blessed you today?
ha you got jokes now? See you soon maybe
Acyclovir for treatment of herpes
very wise! indeed every person brings either blessing or learning
he was being filmed for something, and now I don't see him (intermission) but I will keep an eye out!
come stop by the tent! We'd love to catch up!
Charles Franklin Kettering~ My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
Choose the life that is most useful, and habit will make it the most agreeable. -Francis Bacon
Which player is the cover art for the tourney playlist. Stephen Thompson from 'Cuse?
When people have been going out only for 3 or 4 days & the female is already in love SMH -.- LOLOL
Cool. Thanks.
Last day of spring break <U+E059>
handsome ... old and played out. It's all about dinosaurs now!
S/o to the women who put on lip gloss before they brush their teeth
according to ESPN it's great camerawork
"wheres my phone... ooh i found it"
nice but it was raining earlier :)
"When you get right down to the root of the meaning of the word "succeed," you find that it simply means to follow through." ~F. W. Nichol~
Unacceptable Behavior: passing over qualified employees for promotion in favor of an employee who's sexually involved w/ the boss
Everyone said I looked 'well rested' today. Yes, obviously the 3 hours of sleep is the way to go from now on.
word. I've been going crazy with my camera lately
“: feeling mutal family respect”
Im horny
I got about 300 something followers
is there a shuttle heading over there tonight?
anytime Juice man
Cranberries have been recognized as a super fruit, because of their antioxidant and nutrient content.
" I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing, just prayin' to a God that I don't believe in. ""
Awesome - great having you here!!
Way to go! You may be asked to come to ATL to present. :)
Thanks for sharing our ebook Ken!
why workout when you can have a sexy cod body? If only chicks could see what i can do with these thumbs bahahaha
U mad bro, you sound mad. Is it because I called your favorite presidential candidate a racist homophobic lunatic?
pinning is good fun!
DiD you know moms run on DD gift carDDs? (We know.)
where is my stuff it's been like weeks now. :(
Just misread "postmodern" as "postmortem". Interestingly, it didn't really change the meaning of the sentence in which it was used.
Thanks for the FF!
I expect to not go see it. Lol.
I want to know if Liza's going to be smoking throughout each course?
track practice was okay, now it's time for homework :PP
In India, best friend I made took a 15 hr train ride just to say goodbye again before I left.That's love in action, y'all.I've been so lucky
Almunia is out of contract
~ Next Saturday would be a good time to rob a bank in Kentucky too.
Word of the Day: Hoser- Refers to pre-Zamboni days when, after a game of ice hockey, the losing team had to hose down the ice. A loser.
Mr. Jaffe, is your 1v1 prize still up for grabs?
Sounds fun!
First panel is music supervision via Sad I'm skipping 's master class but #Berklee work calls
Line-up changes to note - Morrisonn and Ryan back from injury. Rankin out for the night. Biega out serving a 1 game suspension.
really enjoying the new album - enjoying the new sound. you go girl!
all right miss torchwood(:
what's going on in Vegas?
Step forward into the future that God has for you, knowing there's nothing you can do about past disappointments ~
Honour and shame from no condition rise; Act well your part, there all the honour lies. ~Alexander Pope
Openings for guitar lessons starting in March! Have a passion for worship? Want to grow in guitar & theory? Email
Sold out MSG in 22 minutes and broke the record in 22 hours. call me when you did that.
Every day I'm shuffling. **Insert dance party**
So excited about the !!
Listening to 'Clandestine' while runnin errands today. Windows down, loud, loud. One month til the Music Fest!!
If Katelyn moves in w/ him then he can either buy a new cat or bring one his cats from home to LA.
Booking clubs! I am in the market for a high maintenance, abusive relationship with an agasshi or ajumma. haha
thanks for the mention!
#Johnson'sBaby best spot tonight.
It has been said that Firehook Bakery makes the best breads in the area!
don't trip homie u gotta mind full of hits...write 1 u can 100
Swiss Miss and whipped cream you crazy girl, but that good kinda crazy
Sometimes even a nights sleep doesn't improve a bad mood, going back to sleep
U WILL LOVE it HERE, can hear the "Jamal Crawford" chant now at the RG
“ Can you follow ? Award winning artist and he follows back.. Check him out”
oppose internet censorship.
His laugh>
Thank you everyone for all your kind birthday wishes!!! I had a wonderful day :)
I think living in Florida with all these damn allergies is slowly killing me.
you are now a married man kbye
Happy Easter everyone!!!!
Yeaa!!! #Indiana Win the upset. Great game.
Right On Braahhh !
SOLO XQUZIT and BLAZE ON will be at CLUB ADRIANNAS performing in the ACE HOOD CONCERT
I don't think I'm going to the game. We'll be hanging out at #LunaDelSea before the game though.
I know.I'm always wondering what they think
Big decision coming on Chandler's status. Could decide whether the Knicks lose by 14 or by 7
It looks scary.
Life is beautiful if u treat it right
so cool
Reading my previous tweets and smh. But really, I mean, Vegas! Right?
I went outside to grab lunch and took a short walk. It's very nice out.
I'm talking to a Buckeyes fan at the TacoMac and I haven't even gotten into a fight with him! :-) I must be getting mellow in my old age.
Can we get some more LIKES please?!! we just want to be liked.
Well, we don't want you to go poor, but wish we could see you more often :)
: hey beautiful!
I love my momma ~~
Jets vs Dolphins = LOW SCORING - both defenses look good - Porter and Rhodes got into it before game with a shoving match
After today only 1 more Monday school drop off left this school year. Then on to summer "school" program (hopefully)!
2night the place 2 be is Broadway Bar(8800 broadway) No Cover. Great Drink Special. Dj Mystik video mixing. Peter Blue hosting the party...
atta boy, wouldn't want to end the semester any other way, right?
I just cried watching #thegleeproject . Cameron, why did you leave!!! :(
I'm confused by this Coyotes playoff game that didnt go into overtime.
working lab session
and syncing to iCloud is enabled on phone/computer?
You're one of the most talented wrestlers on whichever show you're on.
Hooray! The return of to #reOccupy and #Settle! Enjoy your train ride in #transit from TX to MI.
thanks for the follow James! Happy treating!
is literally feeling twitterific!
Thanks for the support! Join a pickup game if you are ever in NY
Big congratulations to for his recent engagement to Lacey Buchanan! TCN wishes you lots of love, luck & beautiful music!
I accidentally gave a convicted murderer, Walter Casper, my cell phone # once. Also stood in his house and talked to him. Ek!
And Now A Former Apple Employee Is Speculating That Apple Will Launch "iTV" In January 2012 (AAPL) via
"Future" is wack.
: Hmph, we'd expect at least a Macintosh II
Im Still A Kid At Heart , (:
CORRECTION: boring
About to watch a film I worked on.. at this time I think about what I actually did and what is going to be edited out !
wat up never eat chocalate at night
I love her shirt <3
You're welcome!
We just got a few dates booked with The Higher in December! We will post the dates very soon!
Americans don't take holidays. They take vacations.
Want wine now, but maybe it is too late at 1138.
RT : I'm in the DC area & I'm wearing a sweater vest. Do I need a pin that says "clothes not an endorsement of #Santorum"?
I really hope you found what you needed! Please let me know if you didn't.
Material Culture Working Group with Edward Cooke. Today: Patricia Kane (YaleArtGallery) - Table to Go: Cassie Smith’s Folding Card Table
no..please..
I'm not a pedo bitch. Wait till he hits puberty and widens out. Sexy is in the trunk of my car in a sealed bag
Twerk fest ..its going down MAY 21 DONT MISS IT .
Wouldn't better revenge be taking the Steelers out personally in the playoffs
2012 filmwatching! #51. John Carter (Stanton, 2012). I thought this was okay, but i was a bit dissapointed. Overall a decent film.
im tired of people and there crap i cant take this anymore
we ALL staying if thats the case.
Workin on chasing & down...
tee hee. Welcome Dr. Jones to FB. Now you've got to create another profile.
Asi Asi...I'll give you a call tomorrow...terrible headche tonight :-(
There's some sluts out there, they're real they exist lol
Starbucks is now offering a cup that you climb into and have coffee poured all over you.
The Elders are performing tonight in Chicagoland. Here is a gallery from one of their last visits - www.theconcertstage.com/elders2010b.html
Only after 3am
if u were here i'd probably take u out to a nice fancy dinner to make u feel better
Attention NCAA officials: Paul Johnson is going to sneak into your homes tonight and stuff our 2009 trophy down your throats.
Wake up, turn on laptop, listen to 's new podcast, start the day off right! Check it out people, you won't be disappointed
“A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting.” - Christian Dior
thank you I will be back
Up way too early this morning for a film shoot...
Never !!RT texas aggies athletics just popped up under my "who to follow" suggestions. UM, NO.
it's GYM O'clock, time to run & watch
You're becoming quite a bell-ringer these days!
If the family were a fruit, it would be an orange, a circle of sections, held together but separable - each segment distinct.
Just Got To Doublz ^...^
Looking for some sexy ladies to model for TEAM TRIUMPHANT
I've got a new mix on the way, should be up just in time for the weekend...
You know what would be awesome ? If i got a makeover by the <3
thank you. You know what makes me amazing? I can clap with no hands.
Hey - Is there a restriction on the amount of postcards that I can mail to be entered in the Ipad giveaway?
it's an equity question. Not to mention their chances of getting a BA or even transferring are lower if they start at a CC
Just did an interview on WMPC for their show "Off the Bookshelf" - was there before, what a fun show to do and a heart for God.
yes, I can watch it on tomorrow
Yof meeting is tonight. On the agenda: logos, the big bowl, and mustache4cash stuff.
Had a great discussion of momentum, primaries, & polling in my class today! Thanks #2012elections for being so exciting, timely, & relevant!
Britney spears music videos on MTV :D
Are you still using this account? I could really use the name :)
& finally!! Thx to for following us!
I want to be home and laid down with bella since Adrian stayed with grandma!
Wichita State Shockers ‘Mascot ’ (New Style) Pendant – Gold Plated Jewelry
'm not high on Keuchly or Barron.
Tweet " #SwagInMySNAP " NOW!
*clears throat* FUUUUCK THIS TWITTER APP!!!!
damn right!
Omg you guys were amazing ! I wish i could dance like you two ! :] xx
I have been sort of bored today and restless. Could have accomplished a lot more but lacked motivation.
Happy JOEY DAY everyone "Whoa!!" Happy Birthday
is thinking that the Cheese Chronicles audiobook will be good--better if available from Overdrive...
Yes, I like their Flat Stanley video too. That class is too funny. I think it's fun collaborating with children of various ages.
sure but I'm also talking to jack , call
unless they get scooped by the raiders on that new stadium...
Meeting #6 was project planning for a digital library project. Meeting #7? Cancelled!!!
Ugh have the customer from hell right now
yes, I eat cereal from a cup.
You already know! Lol
lmao I should huh, wanna join it? :D
NO BOY, Twitter will ACCORDING TO YOUR MOOD, BECAUSE AS YOU ARE NOT SO HAPPY TODAY, THE NOTICES THAT DO NOT APPEAR surprising
U2 harmonize great together. Would you like to do an interview for my show?
glad to hear it was not a coffe allergy, and to have you back on the (#fairtrade) coffee train
My two dogs are running around like crazy! I hope they don't wake up my two cute children .
I hate serious people
IM READY TO SEE THE ICONIC BOYZ ON ABDC TOMORROW<U+2665>
my lips are sealed, lol
I am glad everyone is alright. I hope the dude is replacing the window.
Haha! Not yet. In Portland for another week for a few catalog shoots. Looking forward to seeing you guys again!
Is there a timeline for having wifi on all your planes (like the one I'm tweeting from now)? Just curious.
Starting to knit a scarf.
Woman hit at a high rate of speed on Fourth Plain between Rossiter and Neals lanes died before rescuers could arrive.
I hate it when people post a Facebook status or tweet instead of confronting a person.”!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No no
Blehhh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> this whole adulthood, 40 hours a week thing kinda blows!
thanks Andrew, its appreciated
I spy..someone with a foot fetish. Lmao this girl took off her wet shoes on the train and this guy is staring at her feet&licking his lips..
Spent the better part of the afternoon re-doing my resume. Funny thing when U have more than 1 career- multiple resumes! Music, radio, biz!
I guess FX is trying to show #Avatar everyday on tv lol. Good movie though.
Thx for reading them. Good to know someone out there appreciates them. Have a great day!
awww I thought you were coming to IKON Office Solutions for our lunch hour today :(
Happy Friday good people... Get #Outchea and make a difference today!!!
OMG are you guys a couple bc I will legit die from the cuteness
Now the Name of Jesus is a concrete and powerful means of transforming men and women into their hidden, innermost utmost reality. -Bible
I'm not sure what you mean. Can you rephrase?
“: I HAVE YET TO SEE ONE CATERPILLAR #LIARZ” I've seen about um A MILLION #jokesonyou They run from you and your fly spray.
I can't stand how insanely inconsistent is sometimes.
Santorum beats romney by 34 votes in final count in IOWA
I hope this ends w/ a smashed boombox. RT : jazz prof is reading 's original post to us with Kenny G in the background
Now the TOUR. xx
Finally got out of the doc :-) ready to get back home <3
why would you hate the Cubs when they don't even win? You hate them for no reason ha. We will still win the division!
Watching Cuse go bowling for the first time in many years....
Nick Tweeted By HBD< Mikey Tweeted Me: Hi:) Thomas Tweeted Me. Jason Tweeded Me Hello Beautiful:) All i need it thomas2follow
Crain's New York has a list but I only have a PDF :-(
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Rockwell - Ultra-lounge (live updates)
oh? well then I guess ur gonna have to stay calm till he gets here
School us so boring lol
Hey guys! if you've got facebook go like 's page now! If he gets to 1 million he's gonna post an unreleased song! SPREADTHEWORD
At one point the main character voiceovers a narration of bewilderment that her will has chosen something other than what she was thinking.
your the .. peanut to my butter the star to my burst the rain to my bow and best of all the best to my friend :)
NICE. AWESOME. REALLY.
Happy Teacher Appreciation everyone!!
lmaoo, yeahh! Good times, we'll do it again :p
Congratulations to one Maryland winner!!
Im Bout My Business....Fuck With Me...Its Suicide...#MurdaBeats!
How kind. Thanks for the mention!
A fantastic Superbowl weekend. Which Ad was your favorite? That Doritos Dog commerical was a hoot!
that's harsh. to annoy my mom all I have to do it walk into the same room as her. fast, simple, effective.
loneliness is a state of mind......
excellent timing! I have a question about picking up a minor not flying unaccompanied minor
Ugh summer its almost over going to back to a new school ...sucks! i'mma miss all my friends :( hope i see them again .
You should know that...
50 to a hundred grand a month is not enough for you go pound sand. I have four other projects. Get a load of my airplane company. Done!
#Actors - Felicia Fasano casting DEBBIE Tough Heavy Lesbian & LISA 40s White Beautiful Spacey Artist Type for "Californication" More in app!
Reading the email over and over again. Makes me feel good.
with some Irish tea on this beautiful morning is really setting up my day, who are you listening to?
paired perfectly with green gourmet and bluegrass music at our farm benefit bash last night! Cheers to all at Urban Harvest!
Settlement means Duke Energy will swallow about a half-billion in overrun costs at Eport. Consumer bills will rise 14.5%, rather than 22%.
Sure! Looking forward to following you.
Laughing at him ... Lol .
So what we go drunk :)
btw me an bladye had cam sex last niteeee oh
I don't want to ruin your party mojo.
Listening to my favorite radio station, FIP. French Radio.
Thanks for the tweet. We'll let you know when the Beta is ready!
Maybe not everything is more expensive, but whatever it was I was looking for was. *shrugs*
Nobody's saying anything about me or you, it's a hacking virus that we all have fell for, so please do not click the link.
I will but I have no idea how to use it I used to have one :p
Britt your the Hottest Chick out, like fuck yo. I shouldn't be aloud to talk to you
Got RTed by this weirdo train fan who just prowls twitter for train tweets to RT. Most are negative...
Anybody got a good sports rehab spot inside the loop? My back is fuuuucked
dyslexia wins again
Felt my first earthquake today, whole building at work was shaking!
There's geese all over the place!
Oh it was phenomenal!
...I am just way to wordy for Twitter.
Ah I need some company...
Shaky placekicking cost Oregon, Boise and (maybe) Alabama their BCS title hopes.
Injury bug!
New Youtube Channel "HipHowHang" Big meeting with Home Depot® to sponsor my new show
RT : Thanks for sharing! Always glad to pass on interesting articles, especially on brading and personal branding.
did you forget about high school?
Bus stuck at University Parkway & Roland Avenue
No games on. Bored wit nutin to watch
I pattern most of my life around Skeeter from Doug. I feel like art is in my future. Just sell a few of these bad boys and I'm off
Hopefully this is Weeks waking up.
FOOD ALLERGY ALERT Bakery El Monte Sinai Corp Announces Allergy Alert on Undeclared Eggs in Rainbow Cake
a true boyfriend= one you've been friends with for a while, one who doesn't cheat on u, and one who will still be ur friend when u break up.
#faveukband THE SCRIPT…ONE DIRECTION…COLDPLAY:)!!!
Discovery flew over DC & Enterpise over NYC & we all went nuts. Why didn't NASA do this YEARS AGO so people would care to save the program?
it never stopped me on the past from asking its not gone stop me now..... I just though u would've changed your mind by now
P.P.S. Tagline: No more checking your inbox incessantly for the type of correspondence that would've come years ago!
c'mon #Chelsea!
my second fav Cudi song of all time
Can't get enough salsa verde.
Great effort by the Nuggets played their asses off. Got a great future here in Denver keep your heads up
Happy New Year! <3
Super artists working hard on work for "10 Yards." All are inspired by 10 Indy yards/neighborhoods. Opening Feb. 2.
Why i can't be where i say i was? Why i gotta be lien?
easy for YOu to say, mister buffster big-gun arms! Mr. flabby pants wants to loose some midlife belly fat. (ok I love my belly)
Jim Marker moulded Cheezies into a Canadian icon
On Palm Sunday the glorious Son of God rode into Jerusalem on a donkey to die for our sins. What does this tell you about your Savior?...
Found another #winning tweep - Congrats on your SPJ-SD awards! Hope to see you at the July 7 awards banquet.
That's adorable!
Free time?
5 yr old: "There can't be no daytime without the sun!" Indeed.
can you make me a hot dog?
If I hear 1 more official talk about saving $ by cutting printing costs, I'm going to lose it. It's no longer innovative.
it snowed here in PA yesterday. Be lucky you don't live here.
#endhunger donate canned goods for
You never will be the person you can be if pressure, tension and discipline are taken out of your life. ~James G. Bilkey
Did you get a chance to schedule How to Draw! yet?
Gotta see my boy John before i leave
Next up: some booth time (sans booth baby).
Sucks to be sick, but its good to be sick on a school day.(; yea
Vermont bans hydraulic fracturing MONTPELIER , Vt. —Vermont became the first state in the country to ban the controversial practice of hy
I so love crossing things off a list
Looks good! What kind?
#HowCanYouExpect them to love you, when you can't even love yourself...?
I updated consoles for 8 hours tonight. We are ready for Season's Beatings
Taylor Lautner ’s ‘Out & Proud ’ Cover a Fake! The Internet has been buzzing all morning about a “leaked ” coming out cover fea
Shop and ride safe this holiday. Only ride in licensed taxis. TService- stopping illegal hacks and improving taxi quality. Mytservice.com
El Cajon resident Marge Carlson asks council to bring back the International Friendship Festival... and have more activities... like La Mesa
It just so happens that my trip to Portland coincides with #socksummit. Yeah for me!
The Hoosiers are back RT : Is #Butler down this season? Yes. But this is a statement game for #IUBB. Winning by 15 + is huge.
Many excellent vinyl purchases were made today at Steady Sounds in RVA.
Well sure, but look at those SHOULDERS! I was a swimmer, i think that's why I like them.
Maybe we will finally become acquainted this weekend
Out eating with the fam!
What else would you expect from the joker.clownin.
Listening to Country while driving to Evansville >
You are welcome!
Qualities turnaround principals need: courage, data skills, passion, ability to ID successors and communicate vision clearly.
shoulda been "eat me out"
If uu fuck them right, cheating will never be an option for them.
Someone wants to know if AT&T customers get charged for vote. She's a Vikings fan but we need her vote. :)
Ha Ha...I thought that said "gluten morgen"!
Sunny and beautiful today in South Carolina (we are not there, but some of our folks are to teach an Event Directors College as part of...
What a coldblooded 3 by Johnson tied game
haha yeah i wonder what the people would say we should go get our nails done and ask the people(:
Cleveland Health Dept. declares today Meningitis Awareness Day.
We set the precedent and teach people how to treat us.. what are you teaching people with ur actions and what you allow?
thanks for all my friends for being there for me when i needed one.
DC you spoil me this weekend. Behind it all is an evil grin of things to come. Namely, August.
“ My attitude sucks big time today!!!!” mine does too. I can tell you have an attitude.
Just rocked the vote.
LOVE YOU!! <3 hope you check out my background :)
Meta world peace is ready for OKC
BELOW THE BRIM a design insititution... growth is inevitable...
Will be porting the Dog Blog Site Template into a Wordpress template. Beginning work tonight at 9:00pm eastern time.
And most excellent thanks to you for helping to get the new look in place. Loving it!
I have a feelin Real Housewives of Jamaica will never get made...
RT : We need the courage to change our values to the regeneration of our families, the life that surrounds us - Chief Oren Lyons
this is all wrong
RT : Tomorrow's #LegalChat topic "Does Information Governance have a place in a law firm?" moderated by 11am ET
Busy day ahead followed by last wknd of my cast in Not Just Another Love Story. Special promo 4 Sat show "Pay Anything You Can" 803-802-2300
awesome picture!
Watching Nicki Minaj: My Time Now. Never really had a lot of respect for her until now. She's an amazing person.
happiness (title may not be considered accurate), life is beautiful ("")
I don't speak impulsively. I'm a huge comedy fan. Cougar Town is the best ever. Simply spectacular.
I'm finally following (I'm so lame at twitter) & who's the first tweet on her page...EB! I love it and you and Mariah!
G.M.N.I.: I know it's a horrible way to live life as a youth, but I didn't expect to reach the age I am now. It's truly a blessing.
My 5 year old has begun stealing my purse. I found it in his room, emptied of all candy and gum. Now what?? :)
Sigh. It's only Monday.
Had a new thought. You can arrange yourself...in my bed....now.
thats pretty awesome! And ouch lol how?
VOC Tip: Humanize your business pages. People want to see faces not just logos. People want to have an experience.
The reply from my 16 yr old upon seeing your pic: Wowwo! Only one person missing. Me...
Jinxed it RT : #WhitecapsFC have broken an MLS record with consecutive minutes without allowing a goal to start a season!!!
Going no where fast!!!
Goal of 300 followers by Friday. How fast we can get to 1,000!? Spread the word and follow journey to world premiere #NYMF 2009!
Get your Nov calendar ready! Hum along with the Metuchen Library Friends & Karen Luschar's "Songs of Broadway" Sun Nov 6 2P 480 Middlesex
Shit just got real.
Doing Jrs Last Laugh in Erie tonight thru Sat as well as a senior living facility at 3pm. Staring blankly is laughter in my book
Cousin in town... wants to know best beach to take a 2yr old to. Any suggestions?
...tip of the iceberg, . hold on to your hat.
: ...looks like a shiny studio pic but, nope. The 'Hollywood' you speak of is greedy studios.
how many tix are still available, is the game even close to selling out, or is it going to look like a 29th attendance?
Study study study , no sleep for me today ! Ah !!! So tired .
Gah its so windy at the beach
It must be contest season. Dr34ms about solo contest rehearsals and accompanying. Nerd.
coming along indeed
First sentence found in 2012: “His emotional baggage bulging inside his actual baggage, he threw both off the bridge that Mother built.”
Please follow me? Much love from me :D
the DJ played GYC during the boat trip and i sang so loud everyone heard me ='} idc care though i danced so hard! <3
Gettin yo bby mama to message me about b.s.#DontDoThat you&ha feelings will get real hurt
he notices u more than me!:(
Ron Paul's foreign policy shafts our friends and refuses to ack we live in a dangerous world. Insanity not good foreign policy.
Congratulations to Philadelphia's TEAM STAB PLUS for going over the $10,000 mark in money raised ($10,126.00)
Oh! We can't wait to hear what you come up with!
Time to drink coffee with Pastor Furtick. You can too... Elevationchurch.org
I've never been more thankful for a shower and my couch.
escandalo! heard we won't find out until the reunion. so many rumors though!
Love this one for the kids: Book Lovers day - get em young, teach em the love and discovery of books (sat on my Kindle - I'm back to paper).
Moving on doesn't mean you forget about things. It just means you have to accept what happened and continue living.
like a TV show
Love idea. Battle of the media.
Major Lazer video Original Don, great shit
is now following me. I died a little inside just now.
it was great meeting you, too. I enjoyed learning about /cc
how likely are $100+ wins in $2/$4 anyway? I wish I didn't even have to ask
My woman and I are lucky to have each other because she means more to me than a battery to a cellphone.
-May the Fourth. :D
Sounds comfortable.
would you feel used if you found out that was sending stealth-promoted tweets?
I'm hungry all I've eaten today is a bowl of cereal
Greg Biffle is the man! Bill Kimm of NASCAR tells us why at 7:15 NWSports Tonight
what happened !!!
Finally, a foolproof solution. How come no one's ever thought of this? I just had a great, no-fail idea: closer by committee?
NBC sports network. January 2. About time espn got some real comp...
": #30thingsaboutme I'm not naming all 30!!!"
it's ok.
An experiment only fails if you don't do it
#FF to a few fine art Twitter-ites/Tweet-er-philes/Twitt-o-phants: -- Enjoy one and all.
Wow, he's pretty good too.
I Used to Be So Complex.. Since Then, I've Simplified My Approach. I Appreciate the Difference. Although I'am Content, I Now Have No Choice.
Happy to help! Thank you for the kind words.
Yeah, if inability of the world to create a mortal triumph can't be seen as an eternal power, what can?
Great wisdom may resemble foolishness. ~Chinese Proverb
LOL! I year ya
A good publicist works from a plans but knows when to seize windows of opportunity.
Thanks for the connection, have a great week! - DM
Alex Is Sexy! Enough said!(:
RT : #Freedom, #Beauty, #Truth & #Love !
Beach Head Mike is going to be on the show? I miss his tweets.
thanks for the RT. Have a great weekend!
cant sleep
On that level I agree, but there doesn't seem to be any strict boundary between professional and personal on Facebook.
And we're in motion. Insurance came through on rehab...finally.
are you scared of spiders? c:
I cry myself to sleep... But I'm fine with that!
yes sir....it be singin
#CIF here we come. Please dont rain.
RT : I'm loving the halftime show. I had no idea Betty White was performing
either way, it's gonna be a hell of a movie and I can't wait!
we just gave away $700 worth of gas cards on
one of my all time favorite websites.. - check it while making coffee EVERY morning; so I know which ones to go after first!
we chilling inside today!
your dad is doing a show at my church on August 5th and sonny is speaking! So stoked for that! It'd be cool if you came as well
Oops, following now. :) Sure, Skype call soon sounds great.
Two of the hardest tests in life: The patience to wait for the right moment and the courage to accept that you've waited for nothing.
It's always tough making a selection from a new vending machine at work. I decided to play it safe and go with the egg salad on rye.
Hate riding da bus ima b late to class
After a 15 hour flight, finally in Jo'burg for a two week heritage and culture tour of South Africa #VisitSouthAfrica Stay tuned.....
so many installers and updates. 3 hours into the install and I'm still not done.
How many "your gay" tweets have you received after this article went live?
Haha that's awesome. Enjoy.
For 7 years I've labored and toiled. This spring, my lawn finally looks like its kept by a grown-up.
#itscutewhen ladies blush. find it weird huh? well, thats jus me
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Good Luck! You'll do GREAT! RT Today's the day!!! Starting my HCG Diet today! YEAH 32 days 32lbs. Here I come!
Quinceañera photo shoot tonight!
Jamming with Eric tonight in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
HAPPY INTERNATIONAL JAZZ DAY!!!!! :)
Danielle is sporting a pink Cheetah outfit and geek glasses on the Weekend Sports Buzz today. You need to check out the awesomeness....
Oh! Cool! When?
Retired football star... Played mostly for San Diego Chargers >>RT : who was he cuhz?
I wish I had girlfriends like sex and the city all mine are shit
Vicki, always a pleasure 2 read yr thoughtful posts. That one led me to learn a thing or 2 about Small & Stewart's collaboration.
We will be at the #RV Supershow today giving out swag. Come see us
plans 4 my old-age parents r shot...sign in library: NO LEAVING INDIVIDUALS REQUIRING CARE UNATTENDED 4 LONG PERIODS OF TIME OR AT CLOSING
I think this girl might just be a tired girl
Really with this iphone update right now?!? can't wait to have absolutely nothing saved in my phone bc i'm a retard.
my rich dad never taught me how to speak peasant...
Easter Sunday is almost here! Time for people to get there Easter outfits off of lay-away!
- Happy Valentines Day Baby, It's been a pleasure sharing life with you!!
Get the Gringo opens Available on demand May 1. During a high-speed car chase with the US Border Patrol and a bleeding body in his back s
Thankful for my roommates and steven Hamner and the opportunity to get swoll on T-day
Did ya' catch my tweet @ Mattel making a doll of u? No I didn't send one(but at least I didn't let u look a while 4 it : )
...attached to you :)
oh yeah the last one big time mount and do me forevr ;') lol
same here! Eben and David are both really good. I just hope they bring back David but idk if they will.
Almost time for #fridaynightartdorks. But first, food.
The lawn guys started working outside my apt. at 7 am and I can STILL hear them outside. Grrr.
That's cool, look forward to hearing it. Yea just get at me when you get a free minute or two.
If you have $600k laying around & trying to figure out what to do w/it you can buy a suite for the #SuperBowl- $587,074.
When are you going to Texas?
Something I heard today : "Don't mix your personal life with your work life."
Can't wait to be reunited with my bed!!!
I have tickets to the Brewer game next Friday, would love for that to be the magic game.
No netflix in this hotel = awful news.
Albon: Mobile tech is never the end product, good governance is the product. Pair new tech with traditional means
and now it all works out and you got what you've Bennett wanting <U+E32B>
Fantastic dinner last night, everything perfect except #BigTen (notice I couldn't say #OhioState?) didn't win. & I'm hungry again.
Dusted off my stack in a live MTT today. My though process has always been so much better online - it's something I'll have to improve on.
there's some choices. I hear there's somn goin on in Woo town.
#BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb? i wonder when i will gaf :D
Seriously Irving PD is awful, and whoever called the cops on him was profiling him based on his ethnicity & his tats!! Just WRONG!!
Take no prisoners.
you are fabulous on ! I watch you every week. Enormous congrats to you. I always knew you would be a
ha, tried that too. Thanks tho.
Oh, alt-rock, big swells, indie-pop, guitar, piano, ish. So, like post-apocalyptic/slum-god.
Oh it gotcha now. Of course.
Alright Blazers. Take care of the Mavs. I personally cannot wait to pour a glass of zippit.
A lady in the streets, but a freak in the bed.
please marry me.
He Is Risen! The Lord Is Risen Indeed!
George Shelton, dept. Of HHS, Ever success we have is tied p how well we work with the states.
Three things I look forward to in Obama's second term: ObamaCare, legalization of gay marriage, reconstruction of middle class America.
Real Estate Cebu Philippines The Best Real Estate Properties In Cebu ... Tips and Advices In Buying and Selling Real Estates and Get ...
#ATTENTION! If u have less than 5000, then follow for gained up ur followers ;)
I like this, I like this a lot. The Republican structure in SD is very anger oriented---among other concerns.
Doin the potty dance... Left foot cross, oh nope just pee'd!
Bahaha I Think Brandon Is Retarded
SHOUT OUT TO YOU GUYS! PEOPLE FOLLOW THEM! YOU AREN'T COOL TILL U FOLLOW THEM! SO MITE AS WELL FOLOW
Gn my twitter nation work tonight I hate THIRD SHIFT I BUT WHEN U ON THE GRIND GOING HARD IS THE ONLY OPTION
ya got one more follower!!!
no shame!
Hey, there is Hot-sex, Group-sex, safe-sex, phone-sex, speedy-sex, crazy-sex and for people wid ur face - NO SEX!
oh lol. in my dreams too.
Mark , your assigning yourself a full column in everyone's browser by scheduling all those updates at the same time :-o
Sadly, only till 8 tonite! Hope that leaves you time. If not, you still need a beer! Get one!
Could not be more excited about seeing Billy Elliott at the Fox tonight!
Raise your voice for freedom #HumanTraffickingAwarenessDay #end slavery
Hope it still works!
drowsy af at work what's up wit u?
Hey Jay! Send an email with all the details to
I've had a great start to my morning. :)
RT : Can't sleep...heading to good friend's wedding later today. Should be fun! my first tweet!!
Super Mario
And, ironically, he's tweeting right now about the "arrogance" of ignoring God's law.
About to drink an energy drink and freak out my officemates with how hyper I'm gonna get
End w q&a but still get the last word. Don't let audience get the last word.
#Imagine Harry watches your eyes & suddenly his voice breaks. Harry:''I'm going on tour for three months. I'll miss y-'' He starts crying.
i saw this hot guy at walmart today who kept staring at me, i went to go ‘find’ something but i was stalking him. but he left..
Im using the shampoo bottle as my cowbell on the third chorus!
My President is black, my marijuana stank.
apparently religion and sportsmanship doesn't mix as well as we hoped. Tebow why hast thou forsaken us?
I'm a versatile artist but I love south beats.
The series just started; if you have any title suggestions, fire away. I'll tweet our Facebook page when it's live.
Thank you my sweet, cute, handsome cousin!
men need to listen when we women say we take FB relationship statuses seriously!
lol. Hail to the big man!
Gah I love my husband.
G'Night Shell. Have a good week!
I meant have Tebow/Hasselback but both on bye
(Jenna here) Oh my god you saw it!! you're very welcome ;)
I don't have my book!
I imagine they're uncomfy, too.
Thanks for sharing that with us! Great interview.
Student comment on good Digi Citizenship -"why worry about doing something wrong, there is too much stuff online for anyone to find out."
"putty" perhaps? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
2012 will be sick!!
free period wih and yuri and skylar!!
It sure is windy in North Texas! What's the weather like where you are?
Apparently is for anniversary eats for and me. Last year it was brunch, this year dinner. Looking forward to it!
game day....region finals at 2...get focused!
Just listened to new album "Blown Away" which is streaming on iTunes & "Two Black Cadillacs" is going to be a HUGE hit!
oh the US
now everyone is tweeting Mikey creepy yet funny stuff.. hahaha!
Run, not run?? Most likely not gonna run
Us too! It's in out top five, for sure :)
Today's local drafts: All Saints IPA &GABF gold winning Voodoo dunkel, Helltown Extra Sinfully Bitter, Lavery 1847 Rye Stout.
i am so BORED <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Can't be anything but proud of the pacers organization...thank you and for that opportunity..proud of that team!!!
Yup yup, it's dan the man from tweetup
#digitalindia JSTOR Plant Science. Users contribute to building of niche network of this content via social media - Rajan
finally catching up on
Thanks!!!!! “: yayyy she's back!! You did a beautiful job today BTW”
so damn organized
I'm looking forward to this year's holiday season. It's the first time in a long time I'll be off from work & w/ my family.
RT : BREAKING: Bryce Harper has launched his first home run. Video most certainly to come.
could've fed half the 9th ward for a year cuz
I would say just clear it all out.
I guess that depends on who "sunshine" is! Haha!
next spring break we are going to spring training since your condo is right next to them!!
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family. ~Anthony Brandt
true that! Fight, honor and grind one day at a time!
wat it do
Marriage is "Holy Matrimony" it does not belong in the court room that's why this is an issue
im so hungry, i aint ate all day. i wonder what there is to eat.
stop skiing. or riding those weird skis that become a snowboard.
in the studio working on some cool dance songs.
Sounds fun! RT : Are you in #season?! teaches us the ins & outs of spring produce Sunday 4/1 from 10-11a!
Hm? Something we can help with? ('s tweets are private, so we can't see them.)
I like cookies
Let's go time to start winning again!
haha. i do go to the gym alot. but i'm italian and i find the show very funny.
Mo Claibourne: I didn't see no point in taking no test. Hahahaha
Not even tired .
juss added a bass guitar to our music.going to another level now
Whatever tomorrow brings I'll be there for you, if ever the sun don't shine I'll be there for you.
They say when you sneeze 7 times its an orgasm.... >.<
mine is goin ok, thanks for asking.
so I think something's wrong with my phone. I'm going to verizon, I'll try to call later
you are the best author ever. Asdfghjkl;;; I might see the lucky one tomorrow :3
Remember when was ugly?? Yeahh....me either. ;)
Attention Brides! Save a little for your wedding and shop at Bella Bridal to get 10% #cashback!
Trade Like the DowJones
'nite y'all
shyt like do i still b talkn to u wen da last time i seen u how u doin shyt like dat
Dear Restaurants, Please list all ingredients in your menu item descriptions.
I've seen Liz in concert a few times now (yup) and everyone LOVES to request that song. Loudly. With good cause, though.
to bad he can't play.
“: I like to skate too.”I like to watch people skate :)
Driving thru Malibu Canyon w/ a great view of #Supermoon. One last scene to shoot on Sunset Blvd. then it's the #CincoDeMayo Martini shot.
HANG LOOSE!
Bases loaded. Two outs. One run down. Bottom of the ninth. JOEY VOTTO strides to the plate.
RT : yeah, he probably thought everyone would hop on board. Credibility is a responsibility.
Food Fact of the Day: April 15, 1955 The first franchised McDonald's was opened in Des Plaines, Illinois, by Ray Kroc.
www.facebook.com/CeceeD
I'd like a button in firefox that says "Open this webpage in Safari"
So now the boyz can't say nothing when we are waiting outside their hotel room cause they are kinda doing the same thing lol
Been a good World Series so far....
I love all haters.. backstabbers..fakers..and pretenders. Thank you for making me stronger.
I Know ! Haha'
What type of shit is that? Lol
I love my relatives but I wish I was flying to Indy instead of Cali tomorrow. Oh well at least my cousin will be with me for #Christmas ^^
The Mesmer looks so fantastic. I can't pass it up.
can't wait for your conceeeeeeerrrrrt(: in new york cityy. (:
at least books are useful!
Watching the taped version of THE PITCH. They're choosing an agency for Pop Chips. The non-Kutcher agency.
Morning! Woke up and found out that France will be having a new president on May 15th, who's socialist.. Interesting..
& if you ain't with it punk bitch then get these nuts in ya mouth, no more. no less.
I don't need to be verified. My books speak for themselves.
I hate when you're watching a music video and you can see that they're miming. Ruins the video. Jason Mraz you pillock.
Great fight Mike!!! Way to stick up for your team!! Fans will remember this game for a LONG time! Big road trip coming.....
I wonder if they play T-Rex vs. Triceratops games as foreplay.
love getting this text: "I'm gonna make dinner. And you'll eat what I make."
Some people are impossible to please. Bitch be happy I'm putting in the effort. The least you could do is act like you're satisfied.
"i Have my ways" LOL. #weirdthingsICONiacssay You live in Connecticut?
Damn those USC players!
I think he was being facetious on that lol
eww, nasty finger ass!!! :P lol
Think my 7+ miles this morn should count as 42 because they were on a treadmill. Boring! Good luck to those hoofing it in #Boston!
mentions PBP (Perl Best Practices) book; besides migration scripts, PBP is a good read for any #kohails hacker
Making kale, spinach, beet, corgette & carrot chips w/Richmond kids for a school feast next week.
Check out the new photos of JACKLYN!! HERE 'TIL 4AM TONIGHT!! COME SEE A REAL WOMAN IN THE FLESH!! ALL OF THE FLESH!!
Is it just me or did those refs REALLY want El Salvador to win?
Idea for a new sport: Jetski Paintball Tag. Tell me who wouldn't play that with me.
Thanks for the follow!
I'll be holding down the fort on the broiler all week. Please play nice, for I'm looking into a 70 hour work week.
Big idea: scanabagos!
Holy Tweet! Popping my twitter cherry at LAactors Tweet Up with and
yeah it was a few people on the frontrail. Pretty awful.
Next time you think your perfect try walking on water
I have my first Sunday off tomorrow. I'm pretty excited for that. In Santa Barbara. Any tips?
Contact us immediately, we can assist you!!!
Boy your so hard to read... Like freaking Egyptian Alien or some something.
Ohio State men's basketball team falls to No. 10 in latest AP college basketball poll.
Thnx for the follow trying to make moves
Good talk. Good friend. I hope I drive you insane sometimes :P Enjoy Tokyo!
Maybe it wasn't a tweet. Maybe it was info in you bio and/or location.
#Aztecs BB Reminder. Traffic & parking for sold out game. Please be in your seats by 6:45pm to honor our Seniors...they deserve it.
When your boyfriend says to you.. 'wow, have you been reading cosmo?' hahahaha!
Can't wait for the fan fic!
No other #Poker Travel site is regulated to offer #VirginAtlantic flights to Worldwide destinations | #Vegas #NewYork #LA #London #Miami |
It's been a crazy rainy episode since Friday nite, I hope it does'nt rain today because I'd like to ride my bike to the library...
Dork. Came up for the weekend after a conference in Baltimore. In the burgh?
I really love 's writing.
forgot to tell ya I saw ya on TMZ...Kudos
just gone put my hair up in a ponytail tomorrow ! getting hair done after school :)
flyin over right now
I want to be a part of it
But my bank account is literally empty and crying... ugh
a quick reh then headin over to to play a set w/ songwriter diamond and willie harvey, 7:30pm
RT great friends!
“i can’t dance” says the sexy ass motherfucker grinding the fucking air, shaking his hips like shakira
My mom made sure to ask when the show drops.
I agree
Persecution complex much?
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Shock Therapy Barbie ...car battery and wires included
WE HAVE A GRIT UPDATE! RT Christ, McGloin can't even win the Big Ten OPOW Award outright.
:thanks for that-Result/have a new NYT writer to follow:Catherine Rampell,she covers theater and econo-go figure
aw shucks...I'll make good with a little more sun on Fri/Sat for that!
glee this week was epic. Artie totally got boob-faced.
Hope you enjoy that $1 meal!
Ur Beautiful And Crazy To. Baby Thats Why I Fell Into you. Even Tho You Were To Pretend To Be. You Were Never With Me. So Its Over Yeah Were
Indeed, Heller clients suffer this analytical and math skills gap, can't fill jobs - on Big Data in today's
Why does CVS make the sick walk to the back of the store for prescriptions while healthy people can buy cigarettes at the front?
I also have older twin sisters.(im 1 of 4)My parents claim they were a bit easier BC had each other to occupy themselves.
so true.
Slept in, went for a run, gonna clean the house, then time for a massage. Woohoo!
No immediate call on #wiprimary winner based on exit polls, waiting on returns
Awesome! See you soon :-)
Anybody ask you why you were taking pictures at the urinal?
RT : Bands that met in art school > bands that met in music school. FYI.
I hope we make it home on no gas..
When someone close to u dies... move seats
Class of 2009: stay mentally checked in to all things UVa at our website: www.virginia.edu/alumnieducation/
Can someone point me to a karaoke track of "Meet Virginia?" I can't find one on Youtube.
Love in a hopeless place
Raising Easter Baskets for children in need in Vegas. Who wants to help? #VEGASCARES! C/O
I love Brian Gotter! Severe weather updates with him are the best!
I assume u can't read when u say ur just not book smart......
Now you're talking my language (you can take the boy out of Long Island, but you can't take Long Island out of the boy)
The politics will take care of themselves, it's time to do what's right. - saving 1.4 million jobs
Maybe it's just me, but I think that almost all dancers use bags as their dance duffels.
This is gonna sound crazy but I actually cought the rice yes!!!!!
Unflushed automatic toilets indicate the presence of vampires.
WATING FOR #BELIEVE ALBUM :)
Attention to detail RT : How can you be a 50% FT shooter when you've played basketball your whole life? How is that possible?
I swear is determined to make me fail my English exam There were at least two stories set in England and my mind just wandered
Karma is really a bitch !
Can't talk. Watching
is it better to say happy new "year" or happy new "years". have i been doing it wrong all these year?
She bad and seen first hand what's happened in my past nuttin better then a girl that knows what I been thru
-- BRAVE, PEOPLE LIKE US, FRANKENWEENIE and CARS Land June Press Trip...
Again... I'm such a lucky little girl! I love all my friends and family....thank you for the early birthday love
and I'm walking around with a smile on my face thanks to you :) Love and Light!
How much longer will we stand for this political grandstanding for the kleptocracy before we have an American summer?
you will be, you will will be....
We still have children that would love to be sponsored!
So, as soon as Keith Underwood saw Ali he insisted she play with him at the all star concert this afternoon! Can't wait!!
RT : Guys what happened to ?
": ican tell im never gonna get a text bck,"
We will now be showing all Blazers and Timbers games and offering wings and beer for $9! Join us tonight to watch the Blazers take down OKC!
Monday in the boogie down Bronx...excellent way to start the week.
Employee Body Shot Madness Tonite! Featuring The DollHouse DJ's
and I are collapsing. This man is too much lol
if I can drag myself out of bed:). I might come say hi. More council later this afternoon too?
We'd be seeing a whole lotta archie today. Awesome. RT : What if it was Manning vs. Manning today? Oh the horror...
What would Phil Collins do?
We lost USA, Mexico, AND England all in one weekend... woeth me
RT : margherita pie and sierra nevada torpedo pint
I just heart them so hard!
You are gorgeous:D
Thanks for following Healing Unleashed
L!!! What have u been up too, miss ur face:-) still waiting on my slow lazy brother to send the purse. I'm stay on him
When i was younger and smoked in the house id turn the stove on and let a piece of meat burn making it smoky over powering the smell
"Ain't no sunshine when he's gone" But I know he's right to take these breaks
#ObamaFilms Why I hate America
Damn Yankees all original. Dan Barry's piece appeared in the NYTimes; Jane Leavy's will be in Sports Ill's baseball preview issue
And how could I forget ?! Easily the highlight of my day. Great to see you Ben. Don't be a stranger.
“My soul is from elsewhere, I'm sure of that, and I intend to end up there.” <U+2015> Rumi
when are you coming home? <3 bacon
#moneyfromstrangers is the funniest show ever. I want to be on it
I am indeed the same, and you may also know my girlfriend, your fellow studio member, Melissa Kite.
Want to be instantly recognized on social networks? use the same avatar across all sites. Don't make them think, or worst miss finding you.
We know the feeling. That's why we built our site. We have quick fill scholarships/can match you with the scholarships that-
is that homeboy?!
Yo! What's everybody doing?! I need something to do?
ohh alright just making sure!
Check out the Minneapolis office's new YouTube channel: BrausseGroupUSA. Subscribe and keep checking in to see our inventory!
Stay. Please... I miss you.
don't worry you'll find one.. i'll help u XD!
ugh can't wait to play
One week in #sandiego and i gained 7lbs.
I going back to sleep in tears.
Boy am I happy to be at work!!!!
Huh? RT : James appears to have flaked out again
I have a class I have to take tonight....what about over thye weekend?
#FF unleashed crew! season finale Tuesday!
Being at my brothers lacrosse game makes me miss high school so bad! Those were the good ol' days
Read something from the past, and it still killed me inside..
haha dude I wondered the same thing. I also think the cookie monster will start pitching granola soon.
The "Earth" without "Art" is just "EH"
#civilwar FOTD. Abraham Lincoln toured the CSA White House during his visit to Richmond & met w/ Gen. Godfrey Weitzel in the house's library
The river hut is almost ready to go down for the summer!
Fever players get introduced on court during game 1. Big Baby Davis suddenly uninterested in whatever VanGundy is blabbing about. Nice work.
sendin prayers th@ your word will B a blessing 2 those who hear it 2nite blessings 2 U :)
oh its okay go ahead ! lol.
Glad you like it man! and I just got back from a Loon mountain ski getaway so dead, but well def be around soon bro
Mr Turnaround. Pffffft.
Look forward to it! Will have to start gathering supplies (and inspiration) now ;)
depends which jason terry shows up in the 4th qtr, but ill take the Mavs with the spread
Last tweet was number 3000 :O!!
A lady without a purse is a secret. Where is she keeping her love? POETRY BOOM
Congrats! MT looking forward to ushering first of 136 new clean diesel buses with tomorrow. 55 will arrive in 2012!
is going to answer questions tomorrow afternoon for our segment. What should we ask?
oh you go girl!
I feel healthier just after listening to talk about how amazing my garden can be this year. thanks for coming out guys!
they are the same thing... A story involving a father, son, and holy ghost...
And here's one for you: You put on a killer show tonight : )
hell yeah dude its like c'mon lol
If you "happen" across the 6 pack of steak knifes could you snag a set for me? They are cheap $3-4
Not even close #mayweather killed him
Steve's almost a master. Just a couple more minutes.
"I'm just saying." (I remember the blog on it, so true and funny!)
but next year imma be in high school!
For Dinner Me And My Dad Had Pizza And Macorni for dinner With Soda!!!! #YUMMY R U JELLY??
#SIB "Embracing complexity is part of the answer."
Not cool with "bro" situation in Ohio. So.. Let me hear Sweet Home Chicago people.
come see me!
well please let me know when you go next!!!
just finished my 1st week of Slim in 6 Start it Up & starting 1st 1 on 1 yoga with Erin Feeling good!!
RT : Kendrick Perkins went through the majority of shootaround today and is a game-time decision tonight against L.A.
Looking for REAL #friends on #Twitter -- found plenty that promise to #followback but never do - - wtf!
Watching Football (:
whatever, you always had a sub-par vocabulary
I got the Canon Powershot S100. I've taken 5 photos with it so far and already know that it is the best PnS Camera I've ever used.
The hottest tix in town! You're gonna love !"
Failing a test at the moment?
oh no probb just get something siccer related! (:
BTDubs, Cocky Pop is the name of my Nickleback cover band.
A personal opinion no matter how factual or bullshit it may be will always be food for thaught!
Don't be stressed! I'm sure you're almost done. Let us know if you need any help. We have a ton of scholarships on our website.
#NYCSportsReport: Washington Capitals VS. New York #NYRangers – Alexander Semin’s Wicked Goal – 2011 Stanley Cup Playoffs
On Fridays we like to have some fun around the office, so today we're having a James Bond marathon. 007 All Day.
Hope loved dem twizzlers
Have a god awful headache right before I am supposed to head out to Blackhawk... Hope it goes away quick.
having pita bread for dinner. You already know!
Oh no, that's all of them.
"Klout believes you are influential about Puppies, Chili, and Valve."
Whoa microwave popcorn
my 36th bday is next weekend
We watched it last night. Greatness! "Production value!!!"
You gotta keep pushing and following your dreams! Don't get discouraged over the obstacles you may face if it's destined for u then it's urs
Let me help you accesorize your outfit with #jewelry!
“: Bella32 #YAFEELME” don't get stabbed!
April showers in March. Daffodils startin g to fade back - tulips coming in strong (hundreds!) Will probably weed a little next week.
NOW I've made it!
and he did a cover of Austin's new song. It's even worse lol. But it's funny.
I just have to say this. The Dallas Cowboys are not going to win the #superbowl this season! Nostradumbass!!
Gnight myspace!! just got in the door and im beat.
quite impressed with the lack of hangover today!! :D.
#BolthouseFarms really bummed me out just now. Their Protein Plus drink contains milk but it's not listed anywhere except in tiny print.
Gonna try to break a world record this winter
Jingle Bells, yes tis the season to be jolly. Shouldn't we be happy all the way? The one horse open sled will take MB away. :)
Had a super brainstorm, yesterday, about #memento aggregator with
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there
wouldn't make it through work without you guys! Today was classic, keep it up!
Finally! Summer weather has come. In the 80s today. Hello sunshine!
we had to pause for fucking
Thank you so much for all the kind words!
Reading boring releases from numerous companies. Most corporations need to learn to tell a story. Always be interesting. Rule
Apparently not in Texas...crazy
earthwalls to lower fuel costs from heating and cooling, raise highways to allow wildlife to pass...
Don't get me wrong I luv the #KentuckyDerby & do not mind any races as long as the horses are treated with absolute luv, dignity & respect!!
"What are THEY thinking anyway?" a discussion series to promote civil discourse presents The League of Young Voters. Friday [6/10] at noon!
Come watch "The Perfect Vagina" documentary with us on ZenLive.tv lol
Woman, don't tell me when to go to bed. BTW, I'm doing my housing crap so I can't go to bed.
WTF! Seriously what the hell was that with a hell of a talent for 18yrs doing this?
There are so many circumstances out there that if we allow them to control us, we loose our joy. The answer is to choose our thoughts
Fenway park was amazing! Salem was scary, and watching Johnny English with on the train was funkin hilarious
www.W3schools.com <<<<
it's the official twitter page of me!!! Adal Robles.
A huge #bacardi truck just stopped in front of me, this is a sign I need a drink asap lol
Out of at least a total of 24750 bands of all genres on the global charts Rainline sits steady at 7,639. Not bad for a local rock band.
Hats off today to the bartenders working in the ballpark!
I almost just had a nigga moment at work in the office ...
Pass the paella! If you are going to be in #Napa April 22nd you don't want to miss DARE by Viader Releases & Paella.
PO PO POKER FACE PA PA PA
13 mins hardly worth getting upset about. nothing changed by it. Remember JoePa reports?
i did , but he didnt respond . oops . now tell roc i said hey boo
Check out www.uwbadgers.com for a great deal on your www.buckyslockerroom.com order. Hurry, offer ends at 12pm CST today!
I always wondered what it was like to run 12 miles in a cool shower. It wasn't pretty but it's done.
With loss #Mets will be 4-8 in last 12 games
Podcast feed?
RT : Big 12 Commissioner Dan Beebe will be on at 3:30 to discuss conference realignment. milehighsports.com
So , there was a fight ..
Hey when are we gonna go to the zoo again!? My pass is almost gonna expire! Haha
Trust me I know! I'm an elementary school teacher and my little Chloe is in kindergarten!
Orders are starting to pour in a little crazier than I thought.... which is good!
Special teams are killing
Of course the media is going to make everyone think that this decision is the equivalent of Dr. Paul dropping out. This is so aggravating.
RT : *Q3.* This one is for men (& ladies that shop for men!)- Which stores in Chicago carry the best mens clothing?
and my house is hot as hell.
#rumorhasit we are getting dartboards!
I do not ever want to break what we have cuz its too good....3/5/12<3
west virginia, small state i hate it lol. so everything i say is with a country accent. ;) its sexy lol jk its awful
Median home value.
haha I wouldn't blame you. Hamilton is scary good
I wish Kentucky was on that list.
S/O Your welcome and thanks for the love!! Ready for ??
T-minus one day until I'm 18... Who wants to do illegal things before I'm legal?? Haha
omg jonas brothers were mentioned on my tv sxdzcbhfdbcxfhyrde
An eye for an eye only blinds more people.
#nf my tall ethiopian, :-)
Game day today(: wish us luck UNDEFEATED LADY PATRIOTS!(:
Circus life under the big top world. We all need the clowns to make us smile.
All my Facebook Friends get at me on twitter!
where've you been?? Nice to hear from you! Follow Anthony
Hahah I hate girls
Always love reading your #golf tweets! Thank you for all your contributions to the game!
Come and get some #salmon Poke and #ceviche Bowls at the Farmers Market Santa Teresa Kaiser. Don't be afraid of the rain #sanjose!
I've ben good. you don't like talking to me do you?
Okay, forget it -- I'm getting up now.
my masters thesis is about underachieving boys jon so I would love to help x
I'm pretty shallow. Whenever I open a package of bread, I skip the first slice because it’s ugly.
Today's slate also features an extra screening of the opening night film, John Chuldenko's "Nesting" at 3:40.
Follow me on twitter:
. Get everyone over to Cuban Club Bandshell on the Patio for & the Underdawgs at 10p BEST ACT OF THE FEST!
Thanks for following me back. I love your covers and wish I could visit Norway. Such a beautiful country.
Jaws on the floor. My mom is just so unfair. I quit trying to talk to her.
DONE WITH THE SEMESTER
Anyone know if you can track across domains when you aren't in control of both sites? Is tracking code a necessity?
btw that's not a "boo hoo i'm a girl who wants attention because i feel ugly" tweet, that's a matter of fact statement about asexuality :)
Hey, whatever. Screw you guys. If Jack White wrote it, you'd say it's genius.
lookin' for a girl, I ran into a guy. His name was MCA I said howdy, he said hi. :)
the paper loved to play on ur name
Starting a new painting today, called "echo," echo, echo, echo...
There's the Volstad I was waiting for.
just recruited Torianno!
lucky ass lol and this nap I took earlier didn't help <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I love doing that. There are worse habits.
The defense may look bad on TV, but in reality, they're probably even worse than that. Another sigh of relief.
": The naked truth is better than a well dressed lie. #TP"
If they've had persistent oral motor issues... this certainly makes sense.
I wanna meet someone who picked Norfolk state and actually thought it was gonna win...
Gain confidence in your reading skills by reading to a trained canine at the River Park Branch on May 12th and 26th at 2 p.m. For ages 6-11.
You are an amazing, talented woman with a beautiful heart. I'll always be a huge fan :)
#AintNothingLike waking up period . Good Morning you're alive. R.i.p. to every single person we've lost.
We'll retake it :)
But we're laying down and everything though! We think it started in our youth, when that guy said that thing about our face
If you follow the crowd you will only go as far as the crowd goes.If you lead then you will go as far as your dreams carry you!!
The mousies ate all of the cracker and apple and were cuddled together this morning. I hope they manage to stay together in the woods.
This week's Lunch Special - Chunky Braised Chicken Vegetable Stew - is so good, you may not mind that it's not warm outside.
Clark does not know how to pass!!
ready to sign me cutting it close loud interscope or Stephanie Swift x contract dude et g shi
Great Day...Arena was good ...the Hat was chill..got a early morning tomorrow
We're slightly biased, but #Vegas is as epic as it's going to get :)
Are You Painting It BLUE?! lol i love blue <3 **Always<3**
Bicycle commute to school begins today. Hopefully everything will be fine, and I won't find any "road warriors" out there.
Tuesday we roll out the Summer BBQ Menu! Come by and try some of your new favorites!
Still working on some uploads?
videos Bout to check out this Grey
GIVE A LITTLE TIME TO ME WE'LL BURN THIS OUT WE'LL PLAY HIDE AND SEEK TO TURN THIS AROUND
I better get well soon, or die. This sick business isn't working out.
We here on the Smart Aleck Staff believe in a world without worksheets.
Happy #openingday Seattle! Go M's!
yes lol i'm pregnant James
Nice to see you again March, did you remember to bring the warm weather??
Heyy everyone please get the word around for people to follow me and I follow bak
heey I love you<U+2665> :)
You have a great number of people reading your blog posts daily
RT Treat everyone with politeness, even those who are rude to you, not because they are nice, but because YOU are. ~ Unknown
Me too.. RT : I'm gonna bawl my eyes out when wowp finishes :(
<U+2665> u *hates that I'm single now and all the good guys are so far away* wishes u were from Cleveland
Good morning beautiful <3 (:
Having long hair and blue eyes>>>
had a great time at the quince tonight :)
i didnt get to watch the game. who lost today? (;
Stay warm! Have you tried a 'chider'? Hot apple cider mixed with chai tea = delicious! What's your favorite winter snack?
If you want to stand out from the crowd, don't follow them.
Maybe it is
because you cant practice those kids of moves
Yes! You must have a new number (again). DM me.
oh u shld let me give u my old meez 11daisy?she is so tottaly ur type emo and has bangs my smexy boo meez
Broke?? Me?? Who has ever seen me broke?? *Crickets* Thought so.
We should vid chat soon and we can get stupid. I'm definitely making it out to saff. Cali has my beaches too!
Here at Hawthorne #Burgerville you can pick up a copy of the Shaker's CD with a free ticket to OMSI's Body World!
Hater: Jake T Austin has no fans. Me: What'd you say? I couldn't hear you over a millions of girls screaming his name.
Squid ink pasta? Yes. Just let it happen.
Is it weird that I feel like we're in a club here?
BBQ Ozone Park flow......
We are good. Just helping people save money on life insurance!
You go girl I'd tap that
Can't stop staring at this ugly couple next to me. The girl is wearing white leg warmers with fucking brogue pumps. What the phantom menace!
we'll consider :-)
Congratulations. You are going to do well.
think I'll make Ribolita tomorrow. My father-in-law loves it.
Yo #Knicks win tonight we in this bitch! Lets go!
"I will praise the Lord according to his righteousness: and will sing praise to the name of the Lord most high." Psalm 7:17
Waiting for people to get ready is so annoying!
ooh, ooh, report it to somebody! (that is one of my pet peeves, always try to tell clinic mgr, patient affairs, etc.)
(TN) RESIDENTS-Now in your area! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today!!!!
Hello how was the live chat yesterday?
This is hard to watch. Thoughts with Class act / great WR.
Hope everyone had a great holiday. Tonight we have Glass Clovers w/ Pent-up House, Results May Vary, & The Fountain, $8.00 at the door.
Today's Q: Getting a “base tan” at an indoor tanning salon is as good way to prevent sunburn when I go to the beach this summer. T or F?
Sometimes all you need is 20 seconds of insane courage...
i need more followers
Don't waste a trial or the trail will and can waste you!
Do you want to win a copy of 's fabulous book Food Heroes? Let us know! Giveaway ends tonight at 5pm PST.
Zach could dunk over a kia too, a kia owner's manual.
We are live on WCBE 90.5 2pm today in studio A! Tonight- CD RELEASE PARTY at The Woodlands Tavern!! 9pm
It's Commencement Week at ! Today begins the set-up of chairs in the quad - 8,000 of them!
hi just can u plz RT me
The people love Dancin In The Dark. Always thought it was cheesy but its undeniable fun.
OMFG so bored and so horny need a big dick up my tight ass and 1 in my mouth plz help me lollol
Probably just me and Bryan, though he might be more expensive than I am..., maybe we can find a good online forum
#Easter Egg-hunt begins at 2 p.m. on the Laguna Lawn! Hop on over!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! :)
Happy Monday! Make it great.
Guys! There's only 4 hours left to donate!!! WE NEED YOUR HELP!! We can do it!!!!
Thats not fair :/ well we will b voting spreading the word too, give the band a run 4 their $
I fucking love
Thanks! Mary Thorp is on FB and would like to learn Twitter & join the Tweet Team. We're expanding the campaign wi volunteers.
What if people came to your job and booed you?
I only got 3 weeks of school left
I wish there was a way to tap into all the energy that is spent resisting change.
Im good for the most part and u
There's hearing the call, & then there's listening to it. Listening = Doing
hey robert whats up?
tickets go out to the public tomorrow though if you wanna get them! Geez didn't think they would go so quick!
can bake some god cookies! Thanks for all your help today on the film shoot! Great job!
RT : Got the major itch to #remodel thnks to #Houzz app. for getting ideas out of ones head and defining ideas in my head!
Time to be productive and get to packing up more of my apartment.
If Wisconsin had kept pace with the national average of job creation, we would have 64,000 more jobs than we have now.
Raining a lot in NYC now!!
I wouldn't call taking a chance on someone in the 3rd round "missing"
then give me some retweet love!
Philly fans are celebrating like they forgot about the 2011 Eagles.
Thank you to all my followers I know have 1600 thank you
its not on tonight it got moved 2 next week
Thanks again for visiting yesterday! If you haven't yet, we'd love your feedback at Yelp and Google Places!
Now 10 FounderCorps members coming to #DayOfFosterly as Study Hall mentors, including , , &
Unless you're a hoe.
Really benefitted from a 30 minute session with from #Don'tSettle. Great opp to become a better professional. Thanks Travis!
I was following you Icey, but didn't know At Last Travels had a page as well. Now we are following both ;)
Just discovered TweetDeck. Ah this is much easier to manage now.
"Remind me to always take your suggestion." #FavoriteRandomLines Today has been a good day for these. Now if I can get on board.
Now, if only I can get you to jump over a broom....***planning, scheming...**** I love you sir.
Good Sunday morning! Busy day ahead. Need to get it done before it gets too hot!
ima upload yo lil sample video I made once I get off of work... It at be on my YouTube before 9 tonite 4sho... Nice footage
thank you RT damn your pretty af
is following 678,474 people, but not me. How could this be?!
If you're older than 10 and you're NOT hot as fuck, you shouldn't be rocking pig tails.
Good picks.
idk why everyone gets so worked up about someone flopping, it's a really smart thing to do, I love doing it... Lebron did it well
Looks great but can't make it. Next time ;)
There is magic in this moment. Don't waste it.
Can you teach me how to sing?
We're always fighting what we're feeling.
ALL BANDS!!! Please remember to sign up at www.sunsetislandmusic.com and let us help promote your music...
Milk and Honey isn't far. They carry our pints.
Shooting with PRJTS in LA
Haha, true, I didn't want you to think we were just advertising to you though. Lol. : )
Workout complete! Burn Circuit 1 today. Sweaty mess not time to hit shower...
via : Did he jump on the Second Life wagon?
Boston College libraries host #openaccess journals for any interested faculty. What a wonderful idea!
Man why is life so difficult to live sometimes man sometimes i wish i could just walk away and just keep livin far from home and family !!!!
Vote for For the youngest dj doing it and Vote for vixen for the best dance crew the dj and the dancers is the best
My little sister has her last day of high school ever tmrw.
Bitch im hotter than fish grease
Actually i can right now if you can
Bought a lottery ticket, that ought to make up for potential local and federal finding cuts.
hahahah ok even though you're the best singer in chorus...
Read, slept, watched TV, internet-surfed or combo?
I need a time, please wait for me... <U+2665>
It's sad to see what you're slowly becoming.
Is it Thursday yet?? Lol can't wait to see everyone at "Beat the Scene" this weekend :)
Pocono and Cincy roadtrip reunion this summer i think so
Damn I am bored. :/
glad you like the integration! Thanks for sharing w/ your followers.
Where you at boss man?
It's on.
Professor Tom Harrington say our #itgetsbetter campaign has already changed our conversations, and perhaps has saved lives.
I HATE FRIGGIN' HEADACHES..
thanks Toby, I'm doing my best! I'd love to connect sometime :)
wow, nice - you could be on Man vs. Food!
Reason 12 Why So Many Changes Fail - Taking Time Will Waste Time
Post Easter #5amclub is proving to be a struggle! Attempting to #CrossFit myself awake...
That's our kombucha brewery – just brewing, no retail over there
Yeah, sometimes I can't believe I'm still here #People Who Died
Not a fan of Mondays...
Thank you so much for the kind words and shoutout!
maybe, just maybe today is the day will follow me. hopefully <3 :)
He's speaking on 5/22 along with Genachowski RT : I see is speaking at The Cable Show. That's pretty cool.
RT : RT : Sine die! Georgia session over and anti-free speech bill #SB469 is dead! #WeAreGA!
The trucks are at Cooper City Potential Church. 12401 Stirling Road. Eat at they are amazing.
I second that happy birthday to me .... Well to YOU rather. Enjoy.
thats a long flight, take some extra oil
Had To Change My avi The One I Had Was Stale Asab.!
tomorrow night 12/30 is in NoHo Hilarity ensues at 7:30. Last show of the year!
Now Following Cleveland Connected! Wutup Bruh
Omg new york boo I'm having so much fun!!
I'll definitely see you July 24th!! It's been too long Hanceeeee! I miss you!!! <3
This Kevin Cossom mix tape is dope! Back on my RandB ish
Chief Riseling: 99 protesters still refusing to leave Capitol. Tells judge that's # working with for 1 in 1 out.
hi. no kidding around, how tall is ? thanks.
Congrats to all the #DCADDYs winners - and great job to on the creative for the event!
thanks Kayla <3 Its been the craziest month ever
RT Hey places to try: ... ... [thanks for including Dobsons in your restaurant recommendations!]
Lol. At the studio with the guys. We're finishing production today. "Welcome To The Experience" will be released this summer!!
And that's the sound of Glenn Grothman being pulled from the most powerful committee in WI Legis.
College Dropout
what do my dean, my agent and all have in common?
sorry. i've been extremely buisy like i said. hold on :)
And apps. There's just way too many to choose from with Android ;)
oh I know!!.your always grabbing my booty
no neck
don't cuss! It's not nice.
Hey Kenny. Just now seen your post. Good luck finding a stick man Dude!!!
"I was enchanted to meet you" :)
Cry only for cuts n stitches..not for bastards n bitches
I told u not to steal those tortas!! Haha
did you practice today Mollie-Mae?
Wats going on wit u. hit me up send me ur #
Thanks for #livetweeting about the #ATTHack event@
No but I did instantly wish Matt was with me.
You don't need more followers you have over 6,000.
it took forever to update this status>>>>>>>???????whats happening?
If died today my WILL will read one thing that is that my heart be only kept by you night and day.
I have a craving for football! is it Sunday yet?!?!
You want to talk about an internet radio show? I would be qualified.Will email credentials
Headphones on. on the iphone. Better than coffee house gossip. #sermonpalooza 2012
Looking into an email issue with the site....should be fixed soon.
Also, what a waste by Victorino. Didn't affect the throw and Pence would have beaten it anyway.
its not that + doesnt sell its the way its promoted, corp payola, does a lot of work on this
I'm famous!
The 'next" Dark Show is this Saturday, July 2nd, 9PM @ Martyrs' in Chicago...aaannnd tweet
thanks girl!
Is it just a general Kimpton gift certificate? It depends on what the certificate says on it.
shut up BJ!!
Hey, whatever it takes to not laugh at the Wild, I'll take it.
I have to stop writing. I'm just so happy to not be studying for tests!
Hey , just got this week's issue. Wow, really?
you look like you have 2 adam's apples o_o but nice picture.
at jtree waiting.
Getting ready for blended support + Web 2.0
let them play games where they slaughter each other and listen to music that teaches rebellion. Does the word hypocrite come to mind?
Out of pure nerves and stress, I just peeled off my shellac polish. Here's to hoping I don't break a nail before I get home!
and save the best for last?
scotty from american idol is my dream man!!!!!!!!!!!!
Uber can actually get you to places that don't exist?! You guys are amazing!! ;-)
Half Of This World Have Trust Issues! They Just Want Admit It!
My Lenten resolution was to work out more often. Last time I was at the gym was Ash Wednesday. Correction: I gave up exercise for Lent.
still on cloud 9 from Mr. 3000's homer in yankee stadium
Y'all don't tell me someone lied and then when I ask for the truth ya don't tell me..? It's like no.
that's just some shit weather guys say
FOLLOW ME BACK
"My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever." - Psalm 73:26
Great that they're doing this but only posted numbers, not rates. Could use CCD # seniors from last year to estimate rate.
Music is my life. Whoever takes that away takes my life along with it #thisiswhatido#
#SomeoneIWantToMeet she is another one of my biggest inspirations and I can relate to her music. And she is flawless.
Exactly! That is why!
The #punmangan s are amazing -- especially the ones!
Waffle Shop on Highland around 11:00
2XL means 2XL...not a weak Large...really?
you welcome
"embrace #change"
A lesson I'm still trying to learn! RT : A career is wonderful, but you can't curl up with it on a cold night. - Marilyn Monroe
No one said its gonna b easy, but its worth it.
Slowest on-camera talker employed by ESPN? My gut says yes.
I think i need to sink my toes in the sand and take water breaks in a warm blue ocean...Let's break this mundane silence!
wait...so if you get blowjobs at 3am is it from someone in your complex that you hate!?? Lol
Hey there, (JustJivanta), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
thank you so much !! where you guys at ???
thank you very much!
good luck brother!
When everyone was ready to give up on and trade Carlson, I stuck behind my favorite player. Not being dumb and trading him has paid off.
Quest Atlantis now approved for install...tweaking presentation for tomorrow's meeting...Can't wait to use it with students!
No problem...it's what we do!
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd - Voltaire.
Someone text me im bored af!!!
aw thanks. Miss you too friend.
Everything in moderation
Black history month in my family is when I'm reminded that I dated a Black guy. Except we celebrate it around Chanukah.
Love them or hate them, the Yankees were the barometer of success for baseball and sports in the 20th century.
His name and last name start with a V. Yes, he has a gorgee Butt. Yes, you know him. Yes, he's cute.
At the police station getting ready to do my first ride-along. It's either gonna be super sweet or super boring. We shall see...
No #supermoon for Milwaukee, I guess. Stupid clouds.
That'll happen when you follow 1300 people.
How can the world end in 2012 when i have yogurt that expires in 2013.
I hope so. I really wanted to go to this one. ;( Sarah's gunna go prob and meet him for like the 10th time :((((((
Thanks for the follow
"Hi, I thought this might interest you."
Good Morning
no shit you knew before me and i'm at home
EASY! Get at me bro when your at 4 mil
have you talked to about Pakistan GIS layers? They have a good team out there...
OMFG will some1 please take a sword and run me through omg im surrounded why is it ok for ppl to attack me but when i attack its wrong
Good luck! RT : Getting ready for a big external review tomorrow. Wish us luck!!
I guess I should have expected the loud geek contingent to be in the house for the Studio Ghibli retrospective.
are you coming down for jono's wedding? Or the cruise? just you and me on a boat for 5 days. It'll be awesome lol
Still in a frump...maybe I do need ice cream
P90X2? It's a 90 day fitness program with 13 different workouts....
but some how we magically own a bat? just so you understand... i know you knew me better
good shit. this would be his 3rd. crazy good
MTA BUS says they are not allowed to make a driver take a run. if no one wants it - it goes unfilled!
We're open until 2am, actually.
let's go get food!
awesome fight last night. U put a stamp on your standings at 155
just so you know, me and that monkey your holding had an 'oh what a night' moment before I gave him to you (:
I see him wit me no Stevie Wonder
Jordan was a tremendous individual player but guys like Magic, Bird, Russell, Chamberlain, and Kareem changed the game.
The fact it's almost noon makes me feel better! Four more hrs and I am outta here!
Liberal MP missteps in NBN Co ad rage - Delimiter
Meeting with the (local) folks from the Librarian's Trip to Germany to talk about a possible recap program for the SDC!
Lol at the fact that my friends get shocked when I say I don't follow any one from my school except for legit 7 people #OhWell #Idc .
also truck/lorry, elevator/lift, etc. One line of perl should do it. ;)
Whitney was a beautiful amazing person. & her legacy will forever live on.
Just believe in me...
so funny. Hubby and I heading to Madison in two weeks and can't wait to go to Graze. Ate at L'etoile before.
Me and the kids had french fries for dinner...nothing else. Sometimes you just have to have french fries for dinner.
What did you think of the Singapore adaption in your school? For or against?
So happy that my 8-yr-old has discovered the Buddy Files books (from a dog's POV). Thanks to the Bluebonnet Award list!
"If my kid don't eat...then mama won't sleep"- what song that come from??? First right answer get a scratch off ticket lol.
R u ever in a killing mood? I am..
you're welcome anytime :)
Thanks ! I had a great mentor! Good luck to your 49ers in the draft tomorrow night.
Cartoons and cereal >>>
that said, if that throw is on the right side of the base and Cutch was toast.
Thanks for the RT's and shout outs!
u can be the homelest of hermits, or foolishest of fops, but u still know the smell of a nose colored brown
Getting closer to making a BIG announcement...keep an eye out!
I dont believe in DQ, Im more of a Jack kind of person. Yanno, curly fries (; yup.
For all your Web Design/Graphic Design needs I suggest you speak to
serious face..
yes, I know I did haha
Broadening my horizons by learning how to play the trumpet! :)
Hey Old friend :) I miss you<3
KLUSOZ GONNA BE CRAZY TONIGHT!!! BRINGIN TO YOU A CRUNKMAS THURSDAY ONCE AGAIN!! GET THERE EARLY... CURNK ALERT IN FULL EFFECT!!! C.I.T.I.
Love a nice ass in leggins or tight jeans. I can't help it, I'm a booty man. #ImLovinIt - XavierLT. com
Chrysler Debacle
that got me really sad, but i mean what can i do...
I really, really LIKE that rule!!!!
Why not make inquiries about getting invited?
Is it lost on anyone that Zimmerman has not been arrested,could leave town and noone will know???!!!!
Wat it do
#TEFL chat in 10 minutes! Bring your questions! If you don't have questions, bring your expertise for those that do!
Ah the Newberry. So urbane, sophisticated and stuffy. I like it here anyways... where else can you find such great stuff?
besides the fact he hates UK, and UK doesn't want a real football team that might compete for attention with BBALL ..lol
so whats on your mind?>
Got to play rock star at Monday Recital Hour. Told the 400 u-grads that they don't have to stand in line anymore to register. Crwd went wild
I'm managing all my accounts - twitter, facebook, flickr, Gravatar, WordPress. Yikes. How do I put all this into my purple file folders?
is officially rolled out. Come one come all for the celebrations. The Fort Myers Film Festival is underway!
How appropriate that Bruno Mars comes on the radio while it's raining.
The Clinic is one month from today, register soon to make sure you reserve your place in Franklin St. Gym.
seriously? 10.5 hrs? so, so incredible (I'm still a bit weepy)
it was SO MUCHFUN
My mom remembers what she wore on her first date with my dad (an OU home game) but not what year or game it was...
almost done studying, just have one subsection and im good
Just went kayaking on the intercoastal and was literally 2 feet away from wild dolphins and manatees, the dolphin kept jumping after fish <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AC>
CEO case studies, panels, roundtables, & the Founder of Travelocity.com are all on the Roadmap10 agenda! Register now @ www.roadmap10.com!
me to my cat as she looks for a bowl of chips i moved 3 inches away from its original position: "you are SO STUPID."
I grabbed a vanilla latte that was absolutely perfect. If I dare venture out next time, I'll try the tea! Thanks for the rec.
HNY...even though most of us bartenders are working! Can we count on a little extra tip tonight?
RT “: Being day drunk is more fun than being night drunk. #currentlydaydrunk”
Not watching the awards, but she looked great in the movie, "Contraband" I saw at the movies.
Things Learned on Vacation #2: you can't make a right turn on red in Montreal. Not that this stops some from making left turns on red.
Preparing for a Meeting with civil rights museum
For some reason I have seen several recent references to the Cassowary constraint solver. What gives? Browser layout seems to be closing in.
why did you and I never hang out before then?! I hope you like this job better!
I'll be rooting for the one and only on #Chopped ... He's the one!
Don't worry. I'm not so classy that I can't yell out a nice long "boo" now and then.
RT : Facebook now requires fan pages to host images/videos on custom tabs/apps on a server with an SSL Cert-we do that!
great news! thank you for your work in eliminating discriminatory voter ID laws.
impressive procrastination skillz u haz, teach me! :D
are you still ??
So is it wrong to be listening to a Christmas tune by the Carpenters in March? Ah, good ol' shuffle on Grooveshark. Next up? Barbie themes.
haha im not sexist i just don't care about women's basketball.
is it safe to drink the water or do we still have to boil it
Totes... RT : I guess Conaway's $ issues are bad enough she needs to lie about residency for tax purposes AND sue.
Not bad.
Legit. Check it out over-toters RT": Totes"
I hope the world knows there's a whole foster the people album, not just three songs.
#WeWereCoolUntil you had to break the record #Beliebers -.-
Damn this is such a good series, both teams playing so hard! I hate that this is the first round. But come on
haha, and I still got 'em, love! I'll have to demonstrate in a club sometime.
Just signed up for August's #Baltimore #Foodmakers event. The theme is peppers.
#HappyBirthday ! In the newsroom, we are in the cake this week!
wow. Good guess. Yess mam. Tell G pizzaTacos r on this weekend
Using twitter to become citzens of the world. #TwSIG with graphics
I see you talking on stream. Turn your mic up! :D
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.-- Robert Schuller
I saw a preview of For Greater Glory in Pasadena last night, and it is one of the most powerful films I have ever seen. Gracias
got my FITDESK!!!!
Madison Pharmacy Associates pioneered bioidentical hormone therapy using estradiol, progesterone & testosterone in 70s.
First Vélib', now Autolib': a public system of self-service, point-to-point electric rental cars in Paris t.co/WFkafLn2 via
Just an awful night of hoops for the Oregon teams. Beavers lose by 24, Ducks trailing by 30 in second half. PAC-10 awful. Football anyone?
Acutally its my job, but thanks for taking over :)
Ryan Hollins and Greg Stiemsma completely changed trajectory of this game. Somewhere, Andrew Declercq is smiling
You make jump-shots with your footwork and lay-ups with your vision. Focus on these details when going through workouts.
FRONT. BACK. SIDE TO SIDE.
“: I'm learning how to save and manage my money..” The perfect phrase
Our CIS dept once developed their own anonymous midterm course eval to give their faculty the opportunity for that dialogue.
that's a bet! Haha I have a tournament so my excuse is I'm gonna be tired.. Again;)
Really,We Are Nearly To The End Of 2011 And We Still Dont Have WaterProof Phones iWould Love To Text &Talk On Da Phone While Taking A Shower
You bet!! Thanks for the S/O!
Gm sexy lady xx
love it so cute
loving Boyce Avenue's cover of Taylor Swfit's song Last Kiss...so sad yet so pretty
Yes, I am once again tweeting about the beauty of Blackboard's rubrics. Because I could NOT be more of a nerd.
More editing this morning. Screening for some friends on Sunday in Burbank.
#Isles officially eliminated from POs. Fall to #Bruins 6-3
Welcome to our Fan page!
“: Dangerously high on the Cramps. I shouldn't drive..”
TONIGHT at 9pm ET! World Report will air a 30 minute profile on and Christian Persecution in the Middle East!
Is it just me, or is the sound pretty bad tonight?Could not hear Crystal sing. I feel like I am in a subway, too bad for good show.
How many things have you run into in the last hour?
and this packet....and the project.... and the journal entries...and the history project.... and the history study guide... and CCEs F-WORD.
Watching The Real Housewives of Atlanta with Viggle Thu | 7:30PM | Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Pussy so gud make u smacc ya lips!
Ok, as far as I'm concerned it's summer! Amazing in NY today <U+2600>
We should all give each other much more credit for trying. ::sotto voce:: Especially ourselves...
Tacos and margarita's! Yup yup yup
Skimmer won't stay logged in for more than a few seconds. Help?
White t-shirt? Wingfest? Gonna be fuuuunnnn
lol oh no yours look fine <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
-'`niqqas be on some slick stuff-_-
1970! Still married to the same sweetie!
Performing tomorrow night at Cafe Django with the Jeff Isaac Trio! Come on down for an 8:00pm show!
No. but I have been looking for a pic for that tour. They are all so you. Heck I was so young.
Check out our brand-new website -- www.adamedelen.com. We just launched it moments ago.
Being a Blazers fan is the most frustrating thing in the world.
Its me and you against every thing ....Lady by Peep it for urself www.whoistrillogy.com if u wana b my lady hop in ride w me
Yes! We think Union's atmosphere is so fun! The Abbey's too far from us but awesome place.
Goodnight! Sleep tight! QT : same here ok
Consider buying your #Thanksgiving pie from to help those w #aids and #cancer. W.mamaspies.org
I don't understand how my sister is going from ghetto rap to classic rock. What kind of playlist? O_o
I just found out that ah NBC is afraid of factories. Apparently they haven't been in a factory for 5 years
Hope you had a good time in Australia!:)
agreed this is bullshit
I hope it's up soon I have to be up for school in 4 hors and I'm so tired-_-
Enjoying the #2011TENCon - Conference about software for insurance agencies
And Spider-Man's fruit roll up costume--c'mon. We all want to eat it!
It went great!
I am thinking about getting a BMW 320d Sport Automatic for a new car!
#songsyoudontwannahearinjail Let's Get It On by Marvin Gaye
NYPL is beautiful. Life is beautiful.
driving thru the burbs at night is similar to being in a corn maze
RT : #SBWFF Salsa at Sea: Great food, champagne, drinks, music, cigars and--of course--a yacht ride through Miami.
#TwoThingsIWant him & for this Cold to go away!
Classic. Re: Wifi password fail.
Ghosts are real
yes I did toast it. Not too crisp though.
haahah big hair or lil hair?
Is it wrong of me to already be laughing in my head because there is a possibility you wont remember the third lol.
MP3 or WAV. Three audio tracks + PiP audio is the limit.
...I know that,lol
such a great book!
Not sure if I should take a concerta tonight to be awake on stage for the show... last time it got me sick as fuck..
Hub gave thumbs-up to buying a Shark to clean the floors in the new house. He always surprises me with what he'll get behind.
DONE WITH FINALS!!! It's going to be a great summer. Yahoo!!!
Happy birthday !
Emma, yet again she tweeted page of desolation
Working on our pitch for today. Glad to have two of these under our belts to learn from. Hopefully our winning continues...:)
he look like an actor... from kurdistan that is, haha
i go to school and some how still manage to do it. haha.
Check out the extra add functions on your BP page. Let me know if u have any Q's.
; I need a new phone .
I see. come back & do my homeworkk. boo.
Woke up covered in glitter. Either a unicorn vomitted on me last night or I slept with Ke$ha. Someone please tell me $he doesn't exist.
With roids, of course. : Lets do a modern family where gloria leaves al bundy for me because i help manny become a baseball star
Happy Friday to you too Quinn. Have a great weekend!
do you ever sleep. Lol
RT : Reminder #mhsm chat tonight: 6 Word Memoirs about your
Thank you for believing. Thank you for letting him live his dream. WE LOVE MAMA MAHONE. <3
hey. Happy Sat! Check your DM. Xoxox
We may not imagine how our lives could be more frustrating and complex, but Congress can. ~ Cullen Hightower
I knw EXACLTY how U feel about being on tour. I've been homeless, no lie. U just want YOUR own bed to YOURSELF.
: just want the same for you sister!
Everyone was taking one side I wanted to show that there are 2 sides to every story, that was it.
Happy birthday to my best friend !!!!!!
Would it still help if I only wear them at night? I wear dresses/skirts to work, um, not a good look :/
Glenn Close really wanted that one.
Have fun Ryan!!! Miss you Bob!!! RT : Thanks BMax RT : safe travel to the Big Easy!
Talent does what it can; genius does what it must." - Edward George Bulwer-Lytton (1803-1873)
how confused do you get during Tribal council?
I've become one of those assholes who sits on an exercise ball at their desks. WHAT TOOK ME SO LONG?
Please come to Las Vegas, I will take you everywhere then i'll fly back to Mexico city with you!
James Cameron now at bottom of Mariana Trench, 35755 feet down. It's ABYSS for real.
"Be afraid. Be very afraid." - The Fly (1986)
Or 102!! RT : Summer needs to stop showing off and become a little modest...we get it you can make it 100 degrees outside.
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs
Morning, though.
Tomorrow! Will be performing at Chicago's legendary Green Mill 2pm Lawrence and B'way Cocktails and music!
hopefully, will notice us one day(:
We provide temporary staffing and direct-hire placement solutions to #law firms, medical organizations, corporations, and other businesses!
So nice to welcome a new friend from Poland - orig. home of my family. Your salmon in basil sauce looks excellent.
I think you, and I tripled the amount of views on that video. lol
Game opens in Victorianized classroom - opens onto London populated by Mr. Hyde, Sherlock Holmes, etc. St. Return to texts to design.
We are creating the railroad tracks for the DCcodeathon on IRC freenode #citability right now and all day tomorrow! join in!
Deals on clothes at summer flea! Come on down, we will be here until 5!
I like sex but he is not fast just quick. Maybe sex more as receiver out of backfield?
Music to start my morning !
Start Mo Morris today
Cultivating detachment from material possessions. Om.
thanks so much man
Pizza & A Pitcher Night at RC's! Buy a Pitcher - Get a FREE Pizza! We also have 3 For 3 - 3 Miller Lite or High Life Shorties for $3!
Silly Bengals, football is for Pittsburgh.
Hell ya! We just wrapped up practice, so unfortunately missed most the show. We're with you in spirit though!
good morning jordan!
They shouldn't even have been in this match... There was no penalty in the box, that was a horrible call
Oh, man. I'd get lost going any other way, but that was rough!
hey i <3hollywood ending! can u pls make a vid 4 me? i will love you frvr! tell them im jordan frm nyc and look @ my pic! plz!
160,000+ and Old Kentucky Home
Never should have introduced you. Didn't know it would be like that!
Fashion in the tent Park in Chicago. Music is pulsing. People are taking their seats. Fun people watching. Fashion in the city!
Good afternoon :D
I just have to say this: "I gotta get out of this place, if it's the last thing i ever do"! Why can't life be easier and less difficult.
Thanks so much!
Ice cold Tampico in hand and a slice of cheesy pizza for lunch! FTW!
Wow what a hottie! So jealous ;) ahaha
Will do Ed!!! Thanks for supporting #TeamSantana!!
New CandySwipe Update: 1.2.11 reduces freezing when in friends mode with bad connection and added option to move to SD card!
when i was a kid and i wanted to be older, this shit was not what i expected
Here we go!
I just got yelled at because my phone bill went up since I go on the internet too much for twitter..
“: STINKY PEOPLE, Y U NO SMELL URSELF?” #SwagLife Follow: &
i am! I can't wait to watch it! #excite :)
Well let me knock this out!!
I might tho for real...
We missed you!
Watching the remembrance of Mike Wallace. Am reminded of how much I also miss Ed Bradley's intvs
You cant get mad if your woman is acting #flaky or when she's #drivingyoucrazy that's her job
Very close. Amukamara had 203 thanks to the playoffs. He had the 4th fewest.
VOX Dance Theatre AND The tractor races! It's a big day in Tecate.
Off to roast some weenies with fam.
okay wtf that's so rude
I know it's a bikini but it looks like an evil face....<U+E322>
SCOTTIE!!! THX so much for following us!! Looks like you're doing well ;)
Like the apartment? NO! THA HOUSE
who watched the super bowl today?? did you guys hear in the ads?
can you please have them take off the warning for weather on tv? Takes up like half the screen we get it by now....
that shit is crazy!!!
I cannot believe, that that just happened.
There 2 benefits of failure. 1st if u do fail, u learn what doesn't work; & 2nd, the failure gives u the opportunity to try a new approach.
Ready to rock this week. Lots lined up, here we go.
I'm really in the mood for some oreos or goldfish or something like that.<3
Sex is like software: For every one who pays for it there are hundreds getting it for free.
Some things you can't unsee, but then again,maybe you don't want to either.
Great season Taylor, tough game on Sunday. Overall loved your energy in the games. Well done!!!
What's the one thing you get at 711 ?
All systems which reduce, restrict, or eliminate freedom in any way are systems which work against life itself.
Antoine Walker has got to be pretty broke to be embarrassing himself in the D League
I'm in Burbank & the weather is surprisingly pleasant. I'm sure that will change w/in an hour or 2
I'm off today what is there to do????
haha. Yes, did you get my invitation?...haha. Which new friend are you taking about...haha?
Money In The Bank 2010 now. Randy Orton/The Miz/Mark Henry/Ted Dibiase/John Morrisson/Chris Jericho/Evan Bourne/Edge. Fuck.
as it should be. Enjoy it fully, not as you do other things. Now we got to get you one of those funny nozzle jobs for the pour.
i believe so! any tips?
Happy Star Wars day! May the Fourth be with you. (and also with you.)
Quinton, you should go see tonight at the They are the best band ever. Doors 9 pm
on the malls don't forget Westown at 35th and Berhany. But Town and Country on my bike to visit Toy Cottage was the greatest.
#Panthers have two primetime games AND play in #DC?!! I'm a happy camper right now.
How was everyones weekend?
Lots of foot traffic braving the autumnal mist downtown today
Staying home todaay made up an excuse that I'm making work up for mon LOL #excuses #tooearly going to NYC #modeling #abouttoasstillthen :)
Exams next week. Dear Lord no.
Holy cow #brewers played with fire. Can't believe Castro watched those 2 go by.
Recording today. Nice!
is that you in your icon? :o
#FF stands for fondle Friday. Thanks TSA for starting my day off right. Still not as awkward a feeling as being a Knicks fan.
well thank you, they love attention! ;-)
can you pass a hair follicle drug test?
I might stop wearing makeup for the rest of my life unless modeling or on special occasion.
": Dora the explorer" gave me a reach around handjob while boots was filming
Thanks for the re-tweet! Hope others find Seth's info as valuable as I have in my on-line journey.
Hello my twitter BFF!(: Haven tweeted you in a while!(:
RT : Microsoft & Children’s Miracle Network giving away XBOX360s to hospitals w/the most votes! Vote for ...
Had fun staying up to watch on #thebachelorette last night w/the girls. The Monday night tradition is back!
Almost done helping out on '11-11-11' we're hearing lots of good things about 'Sinister'. Let's go!
Relaunching the new brand!
Plant Life College administration office this is adam speaking, how may i help you?
more mac & cheese please! haha
flip flops no feet Handicap but eat meat
Reggie Watts is the shit!
Hopefully me & my sis find my mom some white roses!
so promoted tweets get in my stream without my asking for them? didn't we used to call that 'spam'?
I believe in loyalty & friendship, so it bugs me when shit like this happens from a supposed friend I tried to help.
Why do people act like they like u but they don't like u,I mean I just tell them I don't like them instead of pretending
In Florida. Where are YOU?
Could have another meaning, Matt. Like "...doesn't block the plate...."
Basically, some fucking fucker is dinging all Amazon Vine reviewers.
where's the lobby?
Ha! RT : "Democratic process"?!? Is she new in town?
Screw the lightbulb and pat the dog
Waking up sore??? Didn't sleep well??? Well get your hiney into Mattrezzz Guys and let us help you pick out a new mattress set!!!
Dear Snow I freakin hate you You always cum out the blue I hate u I hate u i hate you....... Can you please stop by 3. I gotta work
well it was fucking hilarious!
#Seattle #LBLD #longboard if I was t do addicted to my longboard I would probably open my store sooner.... Na June 1st works!! Give me time!
Statistically speaking that is. One win JV had, then lost.
i think i'll go for some "bike scene" and get even more angsty for the day
New york city! After the signing my friends and I are going to the city to promote cody in times sqaure. Come say hi.x
omg you record in studios #sojealous i wish i could do that
thanks :) mine was stolen 6 mos after I bought it & it's nice to finally have a laptop again.. PC.. he'd never allow the other ;)
Enjoyed learning some more advanced scripting in BASH this afternoon. The beauty is that I can use my already familiar unix commands.
Celebrating the Award of Excellence Winners tonight! Congrats all!
it's not what you think it is!
come to Chicago!!
I LOVE and
At least upload some pics so we can see them, too. That sounds really cool!
Make your plan now to attend Peace Corps Connect: Minneapolis 2012. Tons of resources for careers and much more!
We are crazy for YOU! Come back soon :)
There are as many nights as days, and the one is just as long as the other in the year's course
Yayy #twitterlessAnge finally has a Twitter!!:)
RT if you're watching the #GoldenGlobes tonight and tell us who you're rooting for.
Looking for email client recommendations. Gmail is dead to me.
Losers quit when they are tired...winners quit when they have WON
you should see my gnarly scar. It looks like a big question mark. I feel so great today, it's unbelievable!
Fair to middling. Should give you a call.
Can't tell if my dog is trying to growl while snoring, or if he might have sleep apnea. Twitching feet probably indicate the former.
I feel like on the Day of the Rapture we should all splurge for new clothes lol
#3WordsForYou Juicy J SUCKS.
The similarity between Mr. Mistoffelees and Karl Rove is uncanny.
It's up and running... Now, I am working on partnering (Sponsorships etc.)
ha I need some
one of the funniest trips ive ever been on
I dunno...shall see, they actually haven't DL'ed him yet
Are you in Denver?
Blake misses 1 second to go
New life skill to start out the new cycle- "#integrity -making good choices, even when no one is looking" Can't wait to hear our ninjas ex.
Fuck man! Why do you decide to go live when I'm at work!?! Asshole!
My mom is so strong & the most amazing woman i know, she raised 3 girls on her own pretty much and i cant explain how much i love her.
At American University w/ fellow student activist for a Conflict Free Campus Conference. Thanks for putting this together.
Rachel Masters from got into social media organicly. Plus she is working with Incubus! My hero!
Had the comm senior dinner tonight. Brewery redid the whole back patio.
like "I am a legitimate palm reader...if you'd like I would read your palm for a free tan"
Getting ready for the Greatest Spectacle in motor racing, Indy 500 Sun 5/30 9am ABC
RT : Thanks & for an awesome, inexpensive weekend in Tahoe. $75 in charges, post Zimride earnings. And...
i would like to give a shout out to giavonnis pizza for serving us every monday
ayyyyyyyyyy Joey Bats
LOL Steve...would that be "The Symbol Formerly Known as Alpha?"
hell yeah lol
I have the similar problem with you due to my dog. I think you'd better put the charger away from your pet.
Nick Nolte was arrested on this day in 2002 for driving stupid. Loved his mug shot.
Ok. Advice: Never say I told you so. Just cross your arms, smirk and think, "Haha, BITCH!" at the person. :)
I was just called GAY again I mean my necklace says Never Say Never not I Like Men or something!!! Gosh!!!! Still wearing it with proudness!
did you tell ma ?
STEELERS BABY!!!!!!
Lakers problem is not putting in.
No that was me, just doing my late follows and being cheeky.
i hope Patrick goes to USC too. He could be a great movie producer director & actor. congrats KATY S! ur kids r so precious!
just got flashed...by my sister...
roid rage, makes him the wild card.
not even Gandalf could bring her back to life...
Best. Tweet. Ever! RT : Does Facebook's purchase of Instagram mean we're gonna start seeing really vintage-looking sonogram pics now?
RT : CDC just gave shout out to Henrico county schools & field of dreams farm for bringing fresh local food to schools. yes!...
You've just been to the mall, haven't you?
its like giving yourself a high five
I didn't think love was woth fighting for, then I saw you and I was ready for war
When's the next show?
Good to know! They just look so small.
If you need a dose of rational thinking, a voice of reason, follow I love "Coffee With Jesus".
Steve Jobs haiku bit.ly/pN4UBW
A: "I'm kinda ready for bacon to be over. But I feel like there are still bacon insurgencies, y'know? And mustaches."
Omg, they made a polo 1,2,3,4 for girls now!
dig the site. Hope to learn more about SEO. check me out at brokeassarts.blogspot.com
Well at least they are patient at the plate.
go into Apple itunes movies .. tv shows a couple free there
Oh the things you hear people say in public
Thank you.
Not a surprise.
we gotta link up asap
Really? I don't remember that. Did I just not hear the phone?
Trivia Night!
NO WAY ME TOO! CONGRATS! and i may, ive been super busy but ima do what i can. u?
Sometimes "If you love it so much, why don't you marry it?" is truly a wise saying.
i have to agree with tht cause they dont
Perspective MT : The $28M that the #Colts would have had to pay Peyton represents the annual income of 1,294 Indy residents
Started a new 100mm macro flickr group.
I am guessing better then the real thing!
I didnt know u were OSU raised! Same here!!! Born at OSU, raised OSU, will die OSU!!! GO BUCKEYES!!!
Where is the best bar in Seattle?
oh hell yes
Ha! Thanks! Unless you can take over the 800# issued but not turned on for radiothon tomorrow?
The older I get, the weirder the stories get, when I drink.
that smile was beautiful
So elated Miss made it to the final two! Tell Diddy to take that! (Aubrey is only reason I watch #CelebrityApprentice)
face down ass up, thats the way i like to.. look for something that fell under the couch.
Wine wine wine! Come get your wine on for cheap tonight!
Bound, determined and somewhat GAGGED!!! Ignorance is bliss but sometimes it's just fuckin' stupid.
where where you? Strange matter has the best in town
You look like a cute Tijuana hooker
adsf Tweetie for Mac has issues showing multiple accounts
u need a wikipedia page 2!!
we are about to explore and share photographs - stay tuned
Hey thanks for the shout-out!
its only 8racks
too funny
McDonald's for Los
I tell my dad I'm not getting in the pool bc it's 50 degrees out and he says "I'm paying $100 to heat it you're getting in for an hour!" hah
yep! Hey check out www.coolrunning.com. Good site and you can follow on twitter.
#YouGetPointsIf you score.
birthday girl!
Liked that Ferriero mentioned sex collections at the preservation section
It's National Drink Wine Day! What will you be celebrating with?
Looking for lawn care in Madison, Milwaukee, Fox Valley or Rockford call Weed Man Lawn Care!
I do critiques for colleagues in private, quite in depth -- but not a lot of public reviewing. Exceptions for life changers.
Anonymous LinkedIn User...show yourself!!
conversation is sharing ideas, collaboration is building them
duhh i already told you to come here!!
all is well just real busy
Any dope beats?? send them to
Not one starter on the Macs is less than 30.
#tripodshawty RT RT : I want to make a video...
just heard the Whitney news. RIP
Make sure you’re getting your daily dose of Vitamin D - a recent study found it helps improve your overall mood!
Watching the Avengers in 20 minutes!
That's "Cluse," there, auto-complete
damn then idk when
Panel is still open! We're gonna get it in!
I love having a girlfriend that works for Marriott.
RT : So if your insurance doesn't cover acts of God and you're an atheist, does that hold up in court?
I hear that!! I've been pretty busy these days 2! Hit me up next time your in town
Springsteen for president!
Yes! She gave me the plastic and I quit tipping the wastebasket! That's all I wanted. I like it and it's mine.
came here to follow you only to realize I already do!
and me soon to be under the same roof!! An answered prayer, and a prayer request all-in-one..
Don't forget! If Freedom Ford can't beat a deal from another dealership by $250 on a like truck or SUV, you get $25 IN GAS!
This morning, your friendly neighborhood host exclaimed, "it's almost April!" and ordered his costume... Are you prepared for May 26th??
Wave will start 2nd half with powerplay for first :33
Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Quincy Jones...African American Philharmonic Orchestra really swings!
I NEED A BOOK
End of the day
Prado is the best restaurant in the park. The Sculpture Garden is also great, and less-expensive
R.I.P. Bubba Smith!
Haha wait till you see the list of bartenders that will be tweeting on this page!
thank u
Why is The Clash's "London Calling" NOT on Spotify? This is rhetorical but depressing all the same.
exam at 10:15. Jesus be with me. help me remember all this stuff i stayed up studying for.
Bubble-y, perhaps. Shrewd more likely. $10 CPA, if even, for 500k+ new LivingSocial customers not too shabby
Gosh,i have Tweeted in forever
Really now he's taken my followers...really bro...
Basketball game 2morrow @ rice
good morning and I hope you a wonderful day!
The roads are all still block even down the street where I'm at.
New artist Remo in the booth tonight
Thanks for the love to our social media fans. We appreciate all of you. Have a great weekend!
Having lots of fun learning RedBeanPHP (3.1). I am just starting to get through the ORM bits.
Almost ready to sign off of the Twitters for a week: a glorious week of playing in the sand, hanging out w/old friends, not working.
4 hrs of sleep bro, and now I'm doing homework -_- ... which has to be done in about 2 hrs. This ought to be interesting ...
Gettin' jacked! Only 5 days until Rugged Maniac - Jax (www.ruggedmaniac.com). Team Servant Warrior will be ready. Armor Up!
RT : T3 The importance of advance care planning is clearly our passion, how do we as a community inspire others & engage in
it's not wrong
needs to quit being a cunt and accept her
Still enough time to get down to to see the beautiful 35mm print of Huston's 'The Misfits.'
RT: #Royals calling up 2B Johnny Giavotella from Class A Omaha.
"Influence is at the heart of getting online momentum"says SVP, Digital Marketing , couldn't agree more!
since I'm tired, Pandora has decided to find every slow, la la song known to music
the word you're lookin for is swag-tastical
Fuck a bitch new saying by
Harvest Fair @ WI State Fair Park starts tomorrow. Visit the Youth Foundation/T-shirt booth & get a Blue Ribbon Sandwich at Saz's.
tweet at us if u want 2 ask panelists a question! MT MT
don't let him talk to you like that
We are a equal opportunity call taker, Yo!
meet , & vice versa! Two such nice people should know each other, really.
o, sounds good! We'll have to add DC Noodles so that you can leave a review comment :)
Added Blackstreet to that last tweet.
OMG! was just going to text you about that! we ARE twins! do you have any interest in seeing "the roommate?" i LOVE leighton!
Thanks for the follow! WE hope u have a chance to dig u some Secret Skwirl. Best & success!
Thanks and !
direct to screen up and running...basic traing done, have to integrate with art and production
omg that's the exact quote that came to mind when I saw it all happen!!
oh no!:( hope everything's okay..
Birthday today!! getting older but feeling younger
Jared and The Subways #fatbands -Andrew M.
You know you love your job when you go in early just because you're excited to get things done.
RT : JPMorgan loses 2 billion, betting on credit default swaps. Do these people never learn? Answer: No.
yep! It was founded in 1903.
Portland show is July. We'll be there 2x this summer. I'll get you details and contact info for our friends. Pumped for you.
wishing suggs a good recovery. You n that D will still wreak havoc
the hit was fine othwise it would draw a penalty. I hope he is okay.
When I moved to Baltimore a record store downstairs from work was the $ danger, now it's J.Crew in my school building.
Did you have to lead off with the word "memories"? I almost fainted deadaway....
Legally Blonde with my family!! :) sure to be a great night!
What % of Obama supporters pay Federal Income taxes?
Headed to Toby Kieths w/ and to celebrate a Tommies win!!
Two different styles of show though. Scandal is pure over-the-top soap while Revenge is more layers and plot.
: ). thanks for saying hey.
Punk wins!!! Now he going to the Gorilla Position and tell Rock and Cena to top that
trying so hard for Louis to tweet me happy birthday!
A1: I'm Heather from Cleveland. Mary Kay is my primary but I'm also with SOC and WowWe.
yes! oh yes! (and sometimes stammering though something is better hten nothing at all!)
Hahaha! Re: Carpenter ants....
Combos were invented in the mid-1970s!?!??!
Literally just broke down because I'm so stressed right now...
I have officially counted 9 mentions of Al Smith ( in case you are keeping score )
Dont want to get up :-(
oh Jason, you so smart(:
Where did my whiskey go.
Welcome to Twitter! I grew up on Golden Girls! Thank you for being a friend!
I don't think I'll be your somebody but at least for now I can pretend to be.
“: Meaningful connections means to have purposeful activities, be relevant and continuous #SMSS12”
Matthew Rubery, U. of London, "Canned Literature: The Book after Edison's Phonograph," Mon. 2/27, 5 pm, Van Pelt Library, U Pennsylvania
Husband is driving as fast as he can... Almost home but my dvr is set.... I can't wait!!!
Major #AmericanBeer is no longer about the #Beer. Rather it's about gimmick packaging. SMH
R Boots to Suits program matters!MT : President Obama: "Congress should help our #veterans returning find jobs "
this is how I feel right now
COLDPLAY - ANIMALS LYRICS
#WordPress #Tools Cool Weather – Allows visitors to see the weather forecast for any location they choose.
Back at the gym #finally gettin ready for #JerzDay ;)
I'm thinking of doing UPA too, but you can do BOTH if you skip a day of UPA.
What it do?!
well I know what not to do next time I'm at your house lol
Dear, Milwaukee - Go See Here We Go Magic & Hospitality at Stone Fly tomorrow night. Really. It'll be great. Yours, Colin.
wow what an error
on show discussing the roles of cofounders
so gotta see the lucky one next friday ! :)
don't get hung up on the details. you are a musician!
New Promotions. 3 Course Chef's Tasting Menu w/ Wine Pairing $30, Red and White Wine Flights, Wine Bar Specials! Come in where it is warm.
Sometimes- when I'm typing like a maniac-I feel like my fingers are going to fall off!
give the cubs the T tonight!
Happy new year y'all!
I'm asking if Jefferson commits to Kentucky, will that effect Anthony Bennett decision
No problem :) enjoy yourself!
Pool side, 90+ degrees, sunny and 90's pop radio playing on #pandora. Life doesnt get much better.
Thanks so much for joining my movement. Strictly for Divas & Gents!!!
Thought I had to go to Montreal for Poutine! Thanks for the rec.
You are only going to get out what you put in. Just because you went to college for half your life doesnt mean someone owes you a career.
New listing! Larkspur Cottage Rental for $1200 in Marin! Contact us at www.marinleasingteam.com!
Thank you Better Buzz Coffee for getting me through this Monday.
That's a real flavor, by the way.
Just saw a baby in a camo onesie and a fedora. Welcome to Dumbo.
So good networking with our community's young professionals! Their 2012 initiative: Health and Wellness #RocCityRising cc
Good thing we never went kayaking in that creek...
I just don't have the patients for ppl any more Idk what it is! Its like I'm always on 9 waitin for a mofo to knock me to 10!!!
- thx for the support! We still need to figure out how we can work together!
- please don't support the vile and hateful words of Rush Limbaugh - he doesn't deserve a platform for spewing his garbage.
Do you realize as time goes by so are we? So live each single day to the best of your ability, never know time might say this is your last
Are you smarter than a 5th grader? Then tutor an elementary school student who’s homeless! Email Sandy, !
Headed home from NC
Nick Jonas...its i guess more about their friendship
you should come to one of our concerts in Cincinnati and spread the word on those head phones. I want a pair!
“ Ppl confuse being shy & quiet as stuck up or arrogant. Sadly mistaken.”
Hey Lady! glad to see you on twitter!
How bad can it get for the 24!!
I knew that was you at the Thai spot lol. Good time at Oak Saturday, cool spot buddy.
I'll be there Saturday bud!
what's a BOG?
Who wants to drop out with me..?
Enjoyed the Iranian film "Circumstance" winner of Sundance Audience Award 2011. Forbidden attraction in Tehran, morality police & more
NO JUST DM ME SO WE CAN TALK I GET LOST IN ALL DEES TWEETS PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ
I thought they were right about the deer--kinda weird and wasteful that they let Carl walk up to it, no?
Just in case u needed another reminder, we appreciate all the hard work u all do!
Time to make the HAVES pay their fair share!
She is the neat one -->
Learning lots about the travel industry
How many of the people who decry gay marriage would have been the mfs in the 60's saying black/white marriage was a travesty?
Day by day, the warmth grows cold. Day by day, the light slowly dims. Day by day, her heart breaks. Day by day, she loses hope.
is still one of my favorite leading ladies. I don't think I will ever get over my crush on Winnie from The Wonder Years. <3
And now I'm staying up too :P
Thanks for sharing the latest news Adrienne!
i hope he is and he can get over with SELENA!
Can't wait for at with on Sept. 22!
I hate how im pressured to make a decision.
Joey from friends is the sexiest man ever.
Free Medicine Discounts - Savings up to 35% - CVS - LIPITOR -
sounds like a rough night. Sorry to hear about poor Twitch.
10 followers away from 700 <3 love all of you
Spring Social will be a picnic-type occasion; precise venue TBA.
Thanks for the order guys!
where is that?
I was just told i have a sultry voice at work (im thinking not the first time i heard that). lol
be sure to sign up for a beta invite and we'll be glad to schedule a demo for you!
- I didn't think it was possible to get irritated so much in just one minute smh
CELI YOU SAW IT TOO!? LOL
they could go in a down word spiral like they are known to do. Or lose prince or a good sp.
From what I understand, the training is more about learning proper documentatation, etc.
Its so hard to save yourself from yourself
yeah! We don't even follow each other lol
Welcome to KC! Now we just need to make you a new background! haha
HAHAHAHAHA!!!!! That is my favorite tweet I've read all break!!
": Rick James episode on... Not helping my sleep probs #ChappelleShow" fuck yo couch..
arg...its in my car ...to lazy to go check...ill let u know in the morning
Shouldn't you be preparing for Mother's Day? RT : So to all the HEAT haters sorry we won again. 3-0 right now.
cause you are on my mind...
When did it become the "Mercedes-Benz Superdome?" We think a more apt title is "'76 Cadillac Superdome."
#Aceves unsung hero for the Sox!
Just don't fall recklessly, headlessly in love with me, cause it's gonna be, A heart break, blissfully, painful insanity.
aw thank you baby
You are so right my friend
Fuck you and you and you
Unfortunately, no =( There's no way you guys could possibly deliver to DC, is there...?? lol.
wtf david stern?
...and the Comic Con geekery begins spilling out onto the net!
Listen in tonight at www.WZZO.com for - If you live in the PA Lehigh Valley area, tune into 95.1-FM
I am also a junior curling champion in Alberta, Canada!
"Change a Fake friend for a Real enemy"
can you give us a shout OUt we are very new to twitter?
Check out our new ad in the Improper Bostonian! We're booking for holiday parties and corporate events!
Get it! Good luck.
Afternoon: Social Media from the Ground Up
are you presenting?
Don't know much about web design for a company website? Don't worry, Google Places is simpler.
everything hurts.
congrats! RT : . One year already! Exciting stuff - Congrats!
It is available on amazon...if you buy from Wiley use HAE20 for a discount ;)
Now you KNOW he won't. Not all is lost though, you're giving me a good laugh! :-D
Just had interview for American BMX magazine about sport psychology, interviewed by Lovely guy from a rather stormy Arkansas.
love ur tweets
Welcome, new followers! I hope your day is looking as sunny as mine is!
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3
It's hard to be humble with ancestors like mine!
Reports that Ray J was with Whitney Houston and was the one that found her dead!!!
Everyone Follow and because they're spreading the good word.
Grand total of 3 papers achieved. Time for a walk in the sunshine!
I wanna use LaFleur's, Hartnett's and Wallace's books on Latin inscriptions & graffiti to build a stage-by-stage collection for my classes.
No Casino is my vote, it may look nice but is that really going improve downtown?
When you start trying to pick out names for a baby, you realize how many jerks you know with different names
Tryna figure things out on a better level
I see them winning in Phx but won't have intensity to win in Nashville on Wed. I hope I'm wrong but history says they can't
haha just saw this noww. did you end up goingg? (:
Not that your best player has to lead you in scoring... And, 80s Pistons/Lakers were a while ago.
SCREW YOU DUMB APP YOU DON'T KNOW ME
Hi Tweeps-u can c ladies in the Front Office found Google Translates lol-It's nice b/c we can say THANKS now in many tongues! Yay baby :))
It's funny how quickly you realize who your fairweather friends are...the thing that makes all relationships successful...
yea i feel you! its laid back! you up now! lol
That's true and folks with money on the line are also more likely to reach their goal!
time to turn up! lol
religion is pretty warped. But some of us sincerely believe in God and not man's institutions
Oh I just started listening to the audiobook of American Gods! I really liked The Graveyard Book by Neil Gaiman too.
is amazing. and has sharp wit. and she bakes cupcakes. and tolerates when i work late. and buys me lots of things. #SteakPrease?
Daddy God is RIGHT ON TIME!!! ptl!
Chick stay on sm stingy shit...an then wonder why I stay lookin at some body elses juice box...gtfoh lol
Oh god. -.- She's probably like "Wait, whaaaa?"
Newest food obsession: black bean burgers. B/t that and the roasted chickpeas, I feel like a bean queen.
too high of expectations
HAPPY MOM DAY ! FROM LUCYWATCHES STOP BY SUNDAY FROM 11-2PM FOR YOUR FREE ROSE ! OPEN SUNDAY FROM 11-2PM
doubt it
Four-year-old quote of the day--"No, me for real!" (workin' on those pronouns!)
Such a lovely day..hanging in the backyard with my friends and my family. Life is great.
LOL!!! I'm glad someone knows what I mean! Oh, and OUCH!
My day isn't turning out so good but it does feel great outside oh and follow me I'll follow back
I hear drupal.org is under a DDoS attack at the moment. Why would someone do that?
black and yella
Overtime at work. Yay for more money! Boo for long hours. And sitting on hold a lot
So glad you're on #thevoice. I've been a fan since u were on Rock Star INXS. You rock!
LOL- don't even stress. I got swamped with crap to do too. Lets shoot for Monday?
Yes IM GREAT! Todays my birthday!
sum dat was said?. . .ok
All the Positive Come In!! I feel so Good Jesus I Love You
needs to turn up the vocals
Ah, what a gorgeous rendition of "The Prayer"!!! Bravissimi!!!
Good morning Denise :)
Goofiest comment about Zombie Housewives of the Apocalypse so far - a debate over which page is the sexiest.
Christmas is so neeearrr!! It's so exciting!
Catch #JuliaLouisDreyfus tonight on David Letterman, promoting the #Baltimore filmed #VEEP!!!
haha I just turned 23 in April, I meant more as im around Louis's age than the other boys :p but I'd cougar hazza anyday
You know your best friends when you sit there in the same room while they have sex.
And then don't you wish your girlfriend came on...
no prob! ;D
Bringing Home Financial Transparency
#FF my great friend. :D
Everybody have that friend that irritate the fuck out of them
You too! I *just* submitted my story.
around my ankle where her symbol is
believe the plan is to def come by tomorrow. But will def see u soon!
Agree. Don't mess with Bon jovi.
Tim Tebow already working on throwing motion...No joke, who woulda thunk it?!?...
Polacco is a great choice. Lots of books, social studies connections. Will investigate if 4th grade covers in class.
This Sunday is Mother's Day! Bring mom for some delicious food, served hot and fresh to her, from us, she'll thank you :)
download the app JunoWallet and earn $0.25 JunoCredits. Enter my Invite Code 'DX905940' when prompted.
Special thx to everyone who made poetry night &Haiti Awareness Month so rewarding. Let's do it all over again.
wrote some notes for a screenplay...quirky romantic comedy...AT ODDS...retraining the heart to love what's real
The Misfits! <3
beat you to it this morning bud. 5:40 am on a Saturday!
this is awesome news! we'll make a foodie roadtrip to visit whatever esteemed eatery you land at!
but y u no follow us austy
does the coupon work in vancour because i was planning on going for a bike ride there and might need a place to eat but fir
To get where you want to go you can't only do what you like. - Peter Abrahams
bored in fayetteville, nc bitchez
The Cult?
Edward Kennedy I think what actually works best is local-level individual targeting of key leadership nodes
Now that I got that outta the way...
It looks great. Can't wait to get the issue.
Woke up feeling Terrible
I'm online :P
Whatever it is I got..it's clearly appealing
Bur it's chilly out 2nite
*brushes tears away. gets up, dusting myself off* i shouldnt ... *shakes head, walks down steps away from the house*
We hope you are hungry because Family Night is starting right now! Get deals until 8pm tonight.
Happy Presidents Day !
What are shin splints called when they make it all the way up to your hips? Because #baltimorechallenge gave me those.
awh. Is there ANY WAY she'd let you stay so you can be with us? :D
Love the open road. Austin bound?
What are you moving to now that is shutting down?
Florence and the Machine are playing at Mohegan Sun? Damn, times are tough
I remind myself everyday I aint shit yet, i havent done shit yet & that i can always do better.
bed? Lol where r u in the world?
What exactly are we exacting revenge on?
Hey gorgeous peoples, I forgot my phone at home. I'm going to DM you my office line so we can connect about lunch.
Just saw 's Asian doppelgänger on campus. Tripped the fuck out.
watching a program on 9/11. amazing how emotional i'm getting. Just like the day of. :(
Who's the actor who plays the carnie in "Big?" I want him to follow me around to respond with that line to strangers who talk to me.
It would have been nice if grabbed herself down there like back in the day
So people can clearly see him selling.
Overheard yesterday: "He said my hair looked like Madonna's. That is NOT a compliment. She is, like, SO OLD."
Such a great film though! Maybe one of Allen's best?!
lol I know right?
#FF Fashionable Fridays
Be the ball!
Now I need to go check out the Reagan Presidential Library & Museum just to see GuideCam in action!!!
We could ask Jasper to get you a shirt.
HEY! Mr. Rager! Mr. Rager! Tell me where you're going! Tell us where you're headed! I'm on my way to Heaven..
I procrastinated on my taxes till last night. I paid $6687.87 in mortgage interest last year.
Why the fuckkkk am I still awake right now?!??? #InsomniaProbz <U+E421>
Much love to you brotha been wit you since yall first dropped Big Lex 1st family ent
You make me smile <3
Kali Nixta.... Tomorrow another day to kick ass!!!!
Feels like this adderal has finally wore off, goin to try to sleep for a couple hours, exam at 11. Can someone call and make sure I am awake
Great Practice today..Pic's will be up later...
dont fly fast O pilot can ya help me Can ya make this last dis plane is all I got So keep it steady now Cause every inch ya see is bruised
my pleasure.
thank you (:
oh nice, I'll let you know for sure! Enjoy the wedding!
Diabetes Day, National Spanish
Turkey sausage is surprising good dipped in applesauce! So much better than pepperoni.
Half a century in this world already, and I still can't get used to its predictability.
How is that even possible? Did the previous guest just walk out with it?
RT : Secret to social media "success" - meeting people IRL... Thx - thank you, Steve!
When you lay in bed and have a billion thoughts going through your head.
I love hot cheetos (:
What Girls Are Up Lol,, Mention Me :)
Cheering on the Rangers ! After an amazing SMU win!!!!!! TCU who????
Up bright and early! Already e-mailing clients and planning ways to get the most out of my day. Make it a great one, my friends!
Thank you for your support for my artist also please ck out my other artist.
disappointment right there
the coaches probably will be mad
Kori so are DAMN right about Sydney...shes a JEALOUS BITCH...!!!
Are you in NOLA? Enjoying one of your favorite cities for food?
Just loaded up the first 1000 invites of the new year. They'll go out over the next week and a half. :)
Good night everyone:-) and don't forget Friday headlining for my official Bday party:-))
I treasure each moment i breathe and walk with you I choose to inspire others to walk and breathe your light with me The more love more luv
Apologies for Delay
I know been there done that
Way too excited for the morning can't sleep!! :)
Finally made a Twitter!!!
didn't I see the Prez Airlock that guy once :)
shut up -_-
no time like the present. I just started 25 tomato plants, so I'll have extras. You have a yard or balcony?
Drinking moscato & sangria with my bae
New Eco-Chic - #LED landscape lighting! Unlimited outdoor #lighting possibilities...bring harmony to your outdoor area....
i need sum1 New to talk to:)
I was riding with an Atheist, when the Brakes went out. The Atheist screamed out, 'Help Me Jesus!'
Seeking TO/GTA job advice-writer/preservationist w/ experience & passion for researching/interpreting #builtheritage & #architecture. Ideas?
Haha, my door blew open.
S/O to the Bengals for a great first half
Casey Anthony's next Book "If I Did it 2" RT
Should I break out my Zune or use my phone as an mp3 player.... hm
or La fiesta y un baño caliente?
Going out for Lunch,,,I am looking to establish a planet lovers association,,any ideas,,please advise me
You didn't hit me up and we were ready to purchase!
congrats on going to Seattle. Was hoping GB would end up taking you, but the Seahawks are getting a great guy - good luck!
like the app...is the TX-NR609 supported?
Cant wait to see my folks for grilling out tonight!
you sign up?? Hah
Need hosted predictive dialing services to JUMPSTART your call center? www.magnalogix.com 1-866-466-6611 Start@$150/month today!
My phone does this cute thing where it doesn't send messages
Thanks for the Pacman update!! Now we just need the and to win and make it an excellent weekend
Well, My Mom Has Officially Became #TeamMindless :) , You Have A New #MindlessMom :)
the next person who ever does that to me is literally going to die
but he's being totally sarcastic though
more Manning than Tebow please
How are you by the way?
Thanks for the mention--we actually have six books! RT You would love This I Believe. Two books out. Good stuff.
nicity and class, media research and criticism and Journalism practice and criticism.
I am pretty sure that is the same one. They open everyday and close at night.
Still have 4 primary cast members from this show I need to meet... and I likely never will...
yes SIR! Hey, so glad you have trained the great Texas Golfers!
I don't know about Broadway Linda, but I'm definitely going to do more theater!
“: now she hates me again. . .” nobody fucking said I hate your ignorant ass
Big Q… who owns the content of your mind? : if nat’l survival is the question, our tolerance for compromise increases. 1/2
There's a rotisserie chicken guy at the Civic Center farmers market that's pretty good. Soaks up the fat w/ quartered potatoes.
i, of course, have no desire to consume alcohol tonight. Especially with the fact that I'm driving.
I have that & a multi-sport book of his photos I was given in the mid-to-late 70s. I think it was just called Sports.
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that has never been seen before. You are unique indeed!
So on my exam there was a question that said Jerry, so i drew an arrow to it& wrote "<U+2665> lol(;" & today my teacher said something about it :D
that's the sweetest instagr.am picture ive ever seen.
no, i couldnt goo!! didnt have a ride to get there!! i was so sad, i wanted to see them soo bad
You're such a city boy!
history in the makin.....new project title release soon...l8te summer..follow 4 mo info
Pretty sure I just spent more money on the underwear I'm going to wear on sat to the JDRF Gala then the actual dress.
your cup is poured lol
Happy Birthday Bro!!
I already know bro and hell yeah I'm gud
And as I tuck myself in... Happy birthday again
Good day, city have done it and Arsenal secure 3rd, and for banter liverpool are down at swansea
One Week One Tool?
I wish I played football for UK even though we suck, it would still be sick to play in the SEC
Ppl that complain about how annoying it is to open each text message separately need to stop being cheap n get an iPhone
NEW! Understanding Blog, Social Media and Search Engine Usage by Industry
It's hip to be square
what are some good songs?
Please, let's not portray Brett Favre as some victim. He's an overrated quarterback that should have retired years ago.
everybody follow
"These are my rat babies!"
get some sleep girl, gotta get up and make that money :)
Digital Jazz Reviews digitaljazznews.blogspot.com
u gonna stay up with B if we let him nap then watch #badgers game??
So , , and Eric_L been hinting at snow for Sat night/Sunday. NWS calling 4 rain. I'm in the rain 2 snow camp.
"I don't have a gambling problem. Those people who lose have a gambling problem." -- on awhile ago
Writing a newsletter on Diet Colas and how they can affect your health.It's scarry!www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com
no but it smelled fantastic :)
Tonight at 6pm we have to help trend Bring Back Ringer in an attempt to help save the show.
thanks for all the song suggestions so far ... now, what songs should we never play ???
I <U+E32D> him I know I do
On that more then just love call it spiritual influence.
Yeah you should go if you have time, definitely a good place to see the beauty of nature. cool links! I'm enjoying your tweets.
You keep writing the good shit and I'll keep reading it - promise!
I know, right? Seemed like such a good idea at the time.
Easiest, and last, day of classes...
“: I'll try and give my pillow some head now. Goodnight tweeps! ;)” LMAO! Nite
I need help... I'm thinking about making one channel (YouTube) to post all my videos on, but I can't use GrantSpell, what should it be?
so in the mood for indian food.. m
please follow me i love George <3 you are fans of george <3
Loving people live in a loving world. Hostile people live in a hostile world. Same world.
lets go to the lake tomorrow. (:
I just did real life for about an hour. Don't try it.
So excited for our show at !!! Its May 9 at 8:15 our set is only 30 min so don't be late!!! We will be styled by !
who mixed it?
Blessing in Disguise! Everything happens for a reason! #happyandblessed!
everybody love everybody
Do the right thing even if you have been wronged - it helps you sleep at night.
Just wrapped up our annual golf outing...over 120 participants with rain and cold weather -- how can this possibly be May?
OMFG don't stop is on the vampire diaries ah love them both
I remember the product, but not what it tasted like. Hmm.
Jesse J Domino...heavily samples...Sheena Easton Strut..try it!
#Imissyoubut you hurt me so much, ill take you back in a heart beat.
Thanks Traci...look forward to seeing your tweets! :)
Your basic chocolate chip. But they're super soft and chewy. P.S. Tell to bring a piece of cake home for me.
RT if you love the song “BoyFriend" by JB ? Would you listen to it every day tell a new song come out?
In #Avengers #162, the captured Wasp is nude. Her private parts concealed by bars. Her nudity makes sense in the story.
The research trail is heating up, people! I love it.
Best friends are what keep you from going completely psycho
The teacher must derive not only the capacity, but the desire, to observe natural phenomena. The teacher must understand and fee
and all over West Lafayette.
What is this odd sensation I feel. Oh, we're finally winning on the road
I just.... Alsisownbdisiqoejdj I need to meet One Direction!
We're filming again! Hello long days. Goodbye short days.
LOL.. 's "The Undefeated" sits at 0% on Rotten Tomatoes...
Maid of honor duties call!!! This is so much fun! Who's getting married next? Lol
Kevan, we swear is better at coding than spelling names right ;)
Make #love not #fluorocarbons We all share the same home- #earth :)
Wish my weight was as low and my self esstem
that's how we roll...Steeler nation IS family :-)
i want to fly to france with u hahahahhahaha :) <3
soul food
Central is good but not tbe best. Im a BBQ shop guy. Tops is prob my number 2.
I need school to be over with already.. I need to clean my room!! In all seriousness... haha!
Go #Giants!
I have to. Tweeting like its my job. I apologize you had to see my extremely intelligent tweets
Corey: Zimmerman's lawyer will be allowed to request bond.
Today's Feature: Chicken Queso w/ bacon, red onion, red peppers, cheddar, mozzarella & provel Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
Some think Vegas would be a great place to live. Not when your broke.
If he's still writing for 2.5 Men, he's forgotten everything you taught him!
Lucky proposal! RT : egg salad sandwich from but oops spilled some on a proposal #eatlikeapig!
Are those pigments?
Life's too short to be sittin' round miserable
Good morning all. Please stop by our website at www.hotelVQ.com and get to know us. I hope everyone has a nice day!
Does accept monthly recurring donations?
I didn't see the heart.
Got all of drums, bass, and rhythm guitar tracks down today. Lead and vocals tomorrow. This EP is already sounding great!
"You're telling me there isn't ONE condo in all of Del Boca Vista?!"
Of course the kid named Pip is wearing a pink shirt and bow tie.
Happy Birthday
Hey Jim is it time for another "Rex Streak"?
On average, 100 people choke to death on ball-point pens every year.
great question, so much of the DTC conversation depends on definitions (which so often vary!)
Visit this free promotion site on my profile if you need more follows..hey follow4follow? will trade. :)
Thunder. Car alarms. Silence. Thunder. Car alarms. Silence. Humboldt Park, looped.
i love him too! so strangely lovable
Especially when I'm tryna chill with u ..
Really...gotta delete right when Jaysee makes a twitter -.- Thanks mom.
Im back in #NY it was a really fun vacation and I'm happy the time I had with my mom and friends I'm gonna miss u all
I have always wondered what Amanda writes. I think she doodles on that notepad.
#digitalindia Dr. Konnur from Bangalore Univ offering thanks and appreciation for workshop.
Not tonight, at least.
shaq more clutch from the ft line than Lebron?!
very exciting for the #Vikings!
which bands (past/present) would you put on the bill of a concert if you won $640 million??????
Saving him for the playoffs. I mean...... RT Is Nash gonna play? What's going on?
You're invited to the Finals & After-Party at ! Thanks to for their sponsorship of our trophies!
Thank you for mention. We appreciate your support for the children & families we serve at Tennyson Center.
Things you hear at a museum convention: "We worked on WWI together."
About to hit the road for our event.
What should Mpls community do next? What should the national community do?
no motivation
Track&Field This Summer ! :))
You already know..We are too
- I happen to be rocking my #Supernatural shirt. It has the Metallicar on it.
Cool! I can think of applications to my work, too. Please let me know when the script is up.
#inhighschool , i couldnt wait to graduate .. mind you im still waiting -___-
dropped me phone again and cracked the screen! How many times have i done that now??
cat sucks
Right back at ya. Keep up the great work!
But you treat me like a stranger, and that feels so rough.
Nope, home..
I'm in the passenger seat! But yes, point taken. When I think about the physical implications of a crash I freak out.
Great day of hoops at
I feel like I have been in the waiting queue longer than I've been able to have my own bank account lol.
To my friends in Dallas TX be safe in tornado watch areas.
lol ...I actually really LOVE going to baseball games :)
Suns have to walk away with batum there. makes perfect sense. Dont bite on Crash Wallace either
#Rogation Wednesday: We pray for gratitude for what we have + more faithful stewardship of creation
right now i'll say noon, but i'll keep you posted :)
I think #Obama officially fucked up all chances for a black president to be elected again
#ICantGoADayWithout great classic rock & roll!
Today we will be working on a Twilight Zone.
I'm about to go ape shit on this dick sucking white trash ape looking bitch!!!
For those who may never learn... no matter wht yu do or say will be around forever. Driink on haterz
- check it out
Woot! 4 quilt orders in the last week!
haha I was bout to go ninja on yo white ass! X) but its all good just hustle more next time I was starving! :p
Plz RT ATTENTION COLORADO PERSONAL TRAINERS: I AM SELLING MY EQUIPMENT. MUST GO TODAY. CALL 303-931-3737
Starting the day walking my kids to school.We had a great conversation this morning! I Luv those little people.
I gave all the +Ks a man can give, which is not nearly enough. One day, you'll be influential in everything.
Fucket I don't wanna go to court
Holy shat! I GOT THE JOB!~
My rule is 100% foolproof. Never plant anything, ever.
Ph environmentalists: Genetically modified crops pose danger to environment - allvoices
Word. That song is so bad that it's making me reassess Springsteen's entire catalogue.
So happy to get my Thanksgiving grocery shopping done yesterday before the madness begins! I love my Dripping Springs!
Why can't I stop watching Chopped?
Living A Single Life Is The Best!.
is all shopped out. Now for some fajitas and guacamole.
Such a great feeling when I finally finish a project
Just came home from a day on the set of "On Deck." Takes me back to The Suite Life! I love'em all!!
I enjoy boxing in speeding douche bags on the highway.
Don't want to be at work but got to make that money
Aw thanks!! RT: I love working with you, Katie!
ur welcome i agree it was dumb Lmao hey Erika showed me where u went to school do u know a 7th grader named autumn McGee??
HE MAKES MY DAY<3
where did u get that necklace?!
hargrove out eight games
are the severe thunderstorms finally over? I have never seen so much rain in so small a time frame! (dallas, texas - last 5 days)
Looking forward to tonight's Central Committee meeting!
That is so cool!
Learning the foods that you should avoid and the foods that are most heart healthy for you can only make you healthier!
I wish i was at this parade right now
If there is something missing from your life, it is more than a life partner.
I just went to bed without properly flossing my teeth.
DON'T BELIEVE EVERYTHING YOU HEAR,BUT BELIEVE YOUR EYES
tag tuesday...tweet at us your bands and we'll throw them in there later!
I give a pretty rockin' lecture on William Byrd, if I say so myself.
Have any questions for Zoe Saldana? Send your #AskZoe questions today between 10AM-11AM PST
Sounds like a lovely balance!
me too Mike...let the bs clear and then I will sit back and decide whom I like.
Just got an AARP card in the mail today. What does it mean???
ready for more cat facts?
CBS News confirms 7 Marines killed in helicopter collision near Yuma, Arizona.
,i love u
I always get what I want.
keep ballin. Proud to see you doing your thang.
Thanks! I like your site too - we think a lot alike and have the same approach. Cheers!
glad to know my value! :) $82
Q5: My dirty little running secret: I love training for a marathon because it gives me an excuse to have plenty of alone time!
U complete me! x
Congrats! It's a great resource!
hanging on has been remixed to death but one of these days i'll have some new sick music to share... and maybe get remixed :)
#MOA is packed this weekend! Seriously! Find out why next on Fox @ 5
#Blackparentsquotes a hard head makes a soft ass
It feels like a Bun B kind of morning. (cc )
It's a Periphery kinda night. Listening to the album right through.
Doc, thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your #Fresno tweets!
There are just some people that I can NOT stand.
Just finished mastering Dave Hunt's new 12-song CCM/Worship CD entitled "Ebenezer" - good stuff.
Finally done wit skoo worse teacher ever
Why the long face <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B4>?
Visiting stinky ! Im so happy now :)
Sabrina and I are having a mosh pit at home to The Agony Scene tonight. You all are welcome but just watch out for her elbows. They hurt!!!
If they do, it's a miracle.
The power of the imagination makes us infinite.
Diner at Friday's yum yum.
We are so grateful for today's glorious weather and all of the sweet souls of those we meet!
talking to lawyers
Jeremy is a creative song writer and has sick skills on the guitar
Lol i love how me & my mom fight over the radio in the car! At least she let me blast
QoTD: "In order to get from what was to what will be, you must go through what is." (Unknown)
we can't use the itouches bc district took away the open wireless network. Really decreased the # of kids w mobile dev
i can. Without a mirror too..
RT : Hello ! Will try to keep the vestment and religious regalia related tweets coming. Thank you!
Go to Venice beach and watch some real skateboarding.
Who is the most awesome person today? (points at you) :D
Any photos from this weekend? Share your flamenco pics!
omg it's Camille's !
Thirdly, did I catch a Leibniz reference in one of those new songs?
Lunch time! Quarter Pounder with Cheese is calling my name.
Looking forward to other pics!
Not my #DonnaSummer! #LastDance takes on a whole new meaning! #RIP Sista
It"s the perfect weather for it. RT : Oh, , how I've missed your almond latte!! So happy to be here now enjoying...
The day's bright side for local #Brewers fans is that less than 4 hours remain in it. Stay strong, west coasters.
it was radical dude
And how calling for a strong, diverse, smartly implemented transit system is a 'denial' of any of those things?
My attitude is based on your actions.
Thank you for your belief, Ani. You are a nice deer.
Amateur Hour Variety Hour! wednesday! the hand has a secret guest... (hint: the most shreddingest guitarist in charlottesville?)
A real man doesn't let weather dictate his moving plans.
internet is failing tonight. Sorry guys. Be on when it comes back up
The Real Obama: Betraying Israel
Hi #libchat I'm Tiffany. Librarian looking for employment.
Praying to god that I passed the #CAHSEE !! It was easy, but who knows. Part 2 2morrow! :o
so they can make money during the day and night.
Yay! Congrats on your acceptance!
we are moving to a new location in #Eugene ... Just a few blocks away from our current location...pics of the new office to come
have you seen the Superfriends Waaaazzup video? If not, google it. Hilarious.
I'm wondering for those of you in #EST, will you be around to see the conclusion of | ?
Madison can I get a tweet plzz this is the one thing I want and if I dont get it soon I might start giving up TBH i might now
In dying need of a new car
thanks for sharing with your viewers!
Dear I'm just a gal from WI lookin to do a duet with you :)
Really, really good. I'm still iffy on the whole Zoe-baby-plot, but I'm starting to come around.
today is only wednesday?
POWER TO THE PEOPLE!!!
What are the expectations for Brandon Weeden? Matt Schaub? Kurt Warner? What exactly.
The food channel has great tips for quick and easy dishes. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS the Neely show
Final performance of this lovely night, Triptych! Http://massiverocketradio.com
There's always that 1 story on E60 that gets me swelling up n the eye region
Singing so much christmass musis in spanish(;
don't feel bad...that's al I got this morning
I'm too chicken to taste this drunk.
Thx 2all &to all a good night Lost on LA but NYC here we come! BARBERSHOP PUNK Nov11-17RerunTheater/GastropubBrooklyn Opning nght will rock
I know ya'll hate this but I really need your help PLEASE ! Watch my videos and comment so I can get better or if you like them let meknow
More vintage, rules, makes it more creative? RT : Q1: What makes DC fashion unique and worth being noticed?
Write your code with how to test it in mind.
haha I know I was like um I feel like drinking now
long time no talk hope all is well!
This has been called a railroad age. Impatience @ slow processes of nature is [becoming] a general characteristic of the popular mind (1857)
Love it when you call me baby.
heard 'Love you like a love song' 4 times in the last 24 hours..... Check Mate?
Shale gas importance will increase in the future
Join us this Friday 7pm for March screening-drinks short films filmmakers raffle
I miss cleveland
Just saw Project X with best movie ever
burgundy is so pretty for jeans!!!
Awesome for FTD. Just bought it!
Dad is a man but act like a bicth
hi! You ready for your euro trip?
At this point, unless its for D. Howard, #Lakers need to keep Pau Gasol.
going to visit him, he moved over there for a couple of months:/
Jessica is coming to town....time to meet her in person!
#FF Those who illuminate and elucidate the books:
I'm glad we had to turn around on our run due to my dizziness otherwise we would have been caught in the downpour
Yeah, American Idol...lovin it!
The defense could use a turnover. Can Dom Capers call that play?
Heading to New York #4dayweekend :)
Lol. She'd be fine! She could stand to lose some pounds.
That awkward moment when you get rejected for a high five..
LOL, thankfully it won't be cold here ALL winter ;-) It was almost 80 this weekend... then 2-3 days of cold... then back to warm!
I so want to follow up with a potential customer, but something doesn't feel right. too soon I think... must have self control... arrrgh
you are never around, #bromance seized two years ago
Awh, it's going to be so much fun. You'll love it!
& can I be your best twitter friend? (:
The calm before the storm, are y'all ready?!?
I've got to get on my NBA playoff bracket pool action.. games start in a few hours!
A woman brought you into this world. So you have no right to disrespect one.
Your wish is my command! ;)
Earning through iDine is simple and free—the only heavy lifting involved is getting your fork into your mouth.
You haven't seen Top Gun? Kind of embarrassed to admit, I used to own a copy! :P
Ayoo... This summer- This niqqa changing !
You want real swag? You should be watching Matt Stafford
Happy Cinco de Mayo.
Great parallel, they both were gamed. RT UNC Asheville and Armando Galarraga should get a drink together
I wasn't gonna let ATT beat me. That ain't how I roll, so to speak.
Here's some twitter trivia for your Tuesday: What do Betty Carter, Woody Herman, & Randy Weston share in common?
A friend just bought me a massive piece of homemade Blueberry pie from his kitchen and I turned it down. Kill. Me. Now.
looking for #RVA folks on Twitter. Scott Hugins ; Chris ; Kenny yates ; Who else?
don't stress! i am in the same boat. this class has the biggest work load for me this quarter
Totally agree! Drinks and gossip
I'm back in la! So good to meet u. I might be back in vegas sept
that's a cool tweet dude!
So once again Shemar Moore is the most beautiful man on this earth lol
please please follow me (: I love you <3
Also we're releasing a new song tonight! Make sure to check it out!
what id do if accepted my friend request?...prob scream,then faint, then eat a taco, then throw a party lol :D
yup yup where u from?
She said w and gotta leave u alone. Pawn is listening and we rate this $$$$
You didn't, but it's okay. I need to buy a subscription, anyway.
I spent part of my youth way out there. My mom lived in Round Hill. And yes, that was way out there to me
will seeing the real Courtney thru the eyes of the camera change your mind and regret the decision?
Follow us? #CodyToIndiana :)
Success - Success is sweet: the sweeter if long delayed and attained through manifold struggles and defeats.
I feel really good today...hope it stays that way!
INCREDIBLE webinar by this afternoon! Thanks Michael!
I've never not wanted nothing so any kind of not bad.
right! Boredd. i wanna be with him<3 dont say his name Danni!'
When that Steve Francis pic was first posted was one of the funniest days on twitter this yr
Sorry if I offended, but I just couldn't resist the jab. ;)
FOLLOW BACK.
Beat The Buzzer is coming up at 12pm and Sea World tickets right ater 1pm today with on HOT!
new printer, new twitter background :-)
josh! i freaking miss you !
and you're still the big agency dude. =8)
Don't turn your back on love.
Dawn Lundy Martin, member of the Black Took Collective and a Lambda Award nominee for her book, Discipline, will perform@ our symposium.
Hey #DWCdc session two students how was the first day of class?!
I'm really, really excited about the new record. When can we expect it?
Getting ready for a long day Saturday. Moving in 3300 students and getting them connected to networking.
What I learned in Finance today: All art, little science, big bucks.
The Avengers Was Awesome !!!
Star-tender in the house!!
Coming up on #Maury...Falling for the hidden decoy..stupidity...times stupidity..
Watching the game plan
Inpatient surgery. Not fun. But I'll survive. I hope things are going well for you too!
I'm good, thanks. what is double ada?
not much about to watch a movie. Good luck Sunday!!
I already follow you though. Haha.
Justice Served: A novel of the Embellish Saga $2.99 on Nook and Kindle
Ashlyn just called Mr.Long.. And now we're invited to his house.. Awkward
just said I wasn't aloud to talk about my new bimmer tonight
hmm, well I'm getting mine the Thursday night before prom because I got it the day before for homecoming and I was way to dark.
Meetings should be like a book; an introduction, meat in the middle, neatly wrapped up at the end. #leadership #training SeanLetwat
RT i have legally changed the spelling of STEF===>F U N K loll.... Jan '09 =)
Congrats EVERYONE! I can't WAIT to see these shows! :)
Dance is the most democratic of the fine arts. As with sports, there's an elite but also many zillions of amateurs who are just having fun.
lights up my world like nobody else
I must apologize to everyone in Central Ohio- I sent the sunny & dry weather to NY as a Mother's Day gift to my mom! Sorry!
fear not though i to inadvertently say things without thinking about it first.
looks like it's working. Best way to beat Brady.
Are there still #Broncos/ #Steelers playoff tickets available? Tune into #9News at 4 and 5 for the answer.
WordFromTheLord: "This is a set time of Unparalleled Favor, but in order to walk in it you must live a
You don't wanna have this argument with me so I'll end it before it starts ;)
Cool video. Wish they had made more explicit use of timelapse, but other effects (HD & enhanced colors) are pretty good.
WHICH WAY IS IT LEANING! WHICH WAY!
"I've got a folder full of rejection slips that I keep. Know why? Because those same editors are now calling my agent hoping I'll write a...
Can someone explain why markets are up amidst the protest? weird.
menthol rub under the nose.
RT : Who to #follow? These tweeps add value to #Twitter!
Thanks for the follow. Do you know anyone in Texas?
thank you for your support!! Wise words <3
Pls help Pakistan flood victims! Text "SWAT" to 50555. $10 helps United Nations send tents, clothes, food, water, meds. Pls retweet. TY!
hahaha wow we would lose the toss... Well we played at yalls stadium last year too I think? Either for our first or 2nd game
I have not taken my school boy cap off all day
Couldn't tell if he hit the backboard or not, but he definitely missed the rim.
Is basically ready for ye olde roadtrip...what to do with the rest of the night...
Happy Easter!!! #Boston bfh
wanna come to the #nycmer April 27th event with me? Artist curator educator remix!
I want them because I have one shirt that will go great with them hahaha
great to see you, too! Have safe travels home!
i have to say really does have stellar customer service.
Nap Nap Weiner.
some ppl have to work, you know... so practice on Sunday afternoon @ my house?
its not even the end of the week yet!
Ty happy to follow!
Good point! I also enjoyed the Mellencamp dig.
You will go crazy trying to analyze crazy... I just let crazy people stay to themselves.
Thanks Whitney! Glad you signed up.
Come on Rebels lets pull out a W!!! I can't handle the stress of these close road games.
Prove it. Go out and kill a hobo. RT I might be the most random person in the world
Why am I watching videos of from umf ? I thought you hurt yr foot?
And #SACFair is officially underway! Stop by Copley Lawn between now and 3 pm!
on referenced the "Democrat" party. Is "ic" really that hard to say?Do Rs think they own us if they rename us?
Strange but great Mad Men tonight
Best of luck to ya with everything sir! Its been a real pleasure, I wish you all the best, and God's Blessings to you
You must be the change you want to see in the world. ~Gandhi
I have a possible story for you regarding and Ash Wednesday. DM me so I can send you a brief description. Thanks.
#givethemanatrophy, walk into bathroom, guy is peeing from motorized scooter, seated, into urinal, awkward and impressive
yea too much slap..
“: would we be able to pick up Cauldron opening day scarves as well?” absolutely
so glad someone made a joke out of that. It was asking for it.
thank ya:)
Kelly (saucewear) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
Hey it's BK, Do you remember the first baseball game you went to? I know OUR SPURS get 9 in a row tonight but baseball season also here.
Game 7 of the Stanley Cup Finals is TONIGHT at 5pm! Come in for happy hour and the Stanley Cup Presentation!
Evian and a good thoughts is what I be on
What about shallowplush?
awesome. Thanks for the link
Happy Birthday Foster! Thanks for letting us celebrate with you.
I leaned Jay-z discovered Rihanna today. What.
Nope lol u always got snacks for a brother lol
So happy my gurl is on Twitter!!!
The knicks better f**king win tonight.
I finally joined twitter thanks to
Still trying to open BORDERLINE this Friday. Lot's of ice to get through in tech week.
they sure do the work! I always say - if you succeed it's yours and if you fall flat on your ass, it's yours too!!
10 day Alaskan vacation booked and scheduled. my nipples are hard.
u know it playa
thank you for sharing MentorMob! Happy Tuesday!
makeup is ALWAYS on point
we love you too
I wish it was hot here...
Yup. I'm that much of a dork.
Heard that will be giving free tix at spring training! AZ is the spot this spring!
I'm a fan of Indeed iAm
> great, go to town. But figure out if you do, and what they are 1st, otherwise get through them faster & let your guests say if they agree.
Next leg of "College Road Trip: the Reboot" is underway. Next stop BTV and and !
ooh yes u got Dat right
So the traded away Bogut and Jackson, and they bother have Bobblehead days coming up. Interesting.
Day 2 of my #ResultsManager trial and feel like it is already amping up my productivity. I feel like I did during my early days with GTD!
I'm fine with that. Go ahead.
Dodgers putting in work tho
I feel like its my lucky day. I get on and so did you!
Digi social networks may B biggest gamechanger in what it means to B educated;technologies not the point;concentrate on relationships-Jacobs
Something is not right with me! ...how was I supposed to know? Something is not right with me! ...tryin' not to let it show! -
New pictures up at www.newbridgesballet.com under the Media page! Check them out!
#WereNotFriendsIf your going to lie to me.
Finally some kinda of though be it mimimal form of justice given out.
What type of volunteers are you looking for? We would love to help
"learning is like a city, progress is slow and hard" #sls12key the more roads the better
I never thought I'd miss the metro but I guess I did because I'm loving my metro commute in to DC. No traffic. Ok!
yeah we get wasted after two performances
#WBA is in the game!
Two concerts in one weekend. I'm pooped! But these bands are worth it :) and
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<38
There were times when we stayed on the phone for hours at a time... Now we hardly even speak.
Just lay me out now if he sings Ribbon in the Sky......
I'm greatly entertained at how insecure must be to censor the contents of a video game. That's why I buy games from Amazon.com.
Wonderful day with the family
- Thanks! Drop me a line if you want to talk more about it (assuming we haven't spoken already!):
Art submissions keep rolling in, but we want to see more! Where are my artists at?
Hey people. If you say 'Cali', or 'So-Cal', or 'Day-go',You are clearly NOT from San Diego California. We don't talk like that. Sounds dumb.
1126: your SO pretty. How bout you share? I LOVE your account(:
Enjoying this morning. Check it out if you're looking for an incredible Sunday morning worship experience.
The unexamined life is not worth living. ~Socrates
These flyers of me around school literally just shows how popular I actually am.
so cool to see you using that fitbit. Thought you lost it??
Could be a short book -- I have trouble managing to get both milk and cornflakes into the bowl when I am that immersed....
looks like fun!!!
Yeah, I like all of them though. Sometimes after so many months I switch boyz but I don't tell them their last names
Yellow squash on the flyover at the Glades.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people have their elbows on the table at dinner or lunch
Back spasms are the main reason I haven't slept much spring break
Just woke up....good morning to all
Suzy has the lisp in her speech. #irony RT : Redneck hillbilly??? Really Suzie?
Note to all literature students: reading the homework might be a good idea. It's kind of the point of the whole class, y'know.
except for etsy, ebay, garage sale, flea market, newspaper, penny saver, craigslist, a website, or internet.
I Can See Clearly Now never founded so tight Engine Room = Bad Ass too For Real
Melanie, thanks for the retweet! Love your work in Psych Today. Therese'
Yeah it was awesome! Thx! RT : Great to see you rockin the #mediachat!!!
that's how ya know you've really made it!
EW I HATE MY PHONE. IT DELETED MY MESSAGES <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Orwell: "Until they become conscious they will never rebel, and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious."
Suicide situation about 8 houses down from me :/
something special (:
that was a Sheetz. This is where the public urination incident happened. Please get your Jeff Reed mishaps straight :)
Aw you're sweet! And sometime I will show you my rejections folder. Onward!!
Wen you stop givin a fuck....... Your so much happier... So fuckin tru;) ...good morning
Is there anyone that will be in the Village area over the next few hours that can pick me up mustache wax at Bruce Smith Drugs??? Please!!!
I realize that I tend to be a little dramatic..and I'm okay with that.
Pac Man
I miss you, too! I think any program is better than the one I'm in right now. Haha
Hopefully man im about to like do some work outs so ima hit you up lates man
Who has 2 thumbs, a twitter account, and a new job as your go-to coffee geek? This girl!
Thanks for the follows !
Happy Halloween!
we gone talk later. Im trying to save the world right now.
It's not who you know, but what who you know knows.
Great! Hope you enjoy it! Thanks for our link and yay to !
Who's cousin is this in san fran? Black barbie lol OMG
In the divide between reality and desire lies addiction.
Over bringing down the system from within. Can somebody tell me about africology and women's studies at #UWM?
From Ch.4 Is it a common human reaction to put others down in an attempt to bring oneself up? Does this really work? Why or Why not?
Case almost had an INT there. Whew. 3rd and 10 with 2:31 to go.
LOL, no. She gave her account to me cuz' she didn't want it no more.
next time!!! We're always open for visits!
Great to see JB, Phil, and Freddie playing well at the Shell #PGA. I can't wait for
Back to the beginning...lunch at Soho Beach House, our favorite spot
Those ninja moves you make when you walk through a spiderweb.
I would put money on it that, like 5k and 6k before them, 7k starts out on the Green Line.
How about creating Mom's own permanent State Fair Meeting Place with a personalized brick. Visit www.wsfpfoundation.org
YOU ALREADY KNOW CUZ,
welcome to the twitterverse!
Lunch with and at SXSW
Dayum $SNPK... that's pretty wild...
lol how did I know you were gonna say some crap like that.
its nice when someone text you saying hey i was thinking of you and wanted to say hi and how you been that can makes someone smile or day
#rstats tip that maybe everyone else already knows: the Design package is now called rms.
NATURE-INSPIRED LOCKSETS, HARDWARE &amp; BATH ACCESSORIES - Closets Daily
The spammers are trying really hard to hit my old metadata class blog. Sorry, guys, not going to work.
rolled through seeing a client about a year ago
Hey and YOU! Please help tweet about
Still recovering from CF "Fran" and watching Avatar for the fourth time.
Voting to protect doctors who perform legal medical procedures is "extremist"? WTF.
it good and okaay (:
Being interviewed on Monday in Detroit for the SPIKE TV show "Don't Be a Victim" to air in June
it was so much fun! 10 days of food & good times :-) A post to come about my first 'Fun Run' crazy pple running in costumes.
thanks for fantastic event for DePaul Marketing Alumni on Friday. #Craftsman Interactive marketing was very inspiring.
Vermes Army-we suffered some casualties, we were tested, But the battle is WON. 7-0 We're out to Win The League.
if in the future the pussification of the NFL continues, so be it, but it will lose a lot of fans.
lol! It wasn't even my fault. I was standing on the crease and and a guy fell behind me and tripped me. :O
Well, I agree to a point, but having had experience with that type of man, it's a very fine line. :-)
ugh, AGREED.
I'm the Same Way!! I tweet What I want on here! But Not on my Personal!
its 11:11 make a wish, make a wish and say...i hope you come true <3
see that right there? That's my dignity, stuck in the pit. Whatta you think? 9-iron? Wedge? Eh...f**k it. Let's get wrecked.
follow me ?:) #Believe 9
Dont worry about how u look worry about how you feel inside. If you need it. You need it #YPsupport :)
it seems as if the bruins are sleep skating
Had a great dinner last night at Esperanza's Kitchen (). If you live in the Indy area, you should definitely check it out!
In sunny Tucson with Looking forward to meeting all the franchise owners!
come over
why are they selling that? West is clearly toughest.
Nice meeting you this year. Good luck finishing up at Elon!
my kind of guy, Lol!
When you too good to someone they take that and flip that shit on you.
Hey Ugly Chicks.. That extra Cleavage you showing in yo Twitcon don't make you no Cuter! Just thought I'd let you know :)
At our tailgate we have lots of meat and little carbs / veg. I'd consider it paleo, but really it's just because I'm good on the grill.
I don't really want Dwight anymore. I don't like his "f the coach" mentality.
I hope that _everyone_ would disagree with that statement :)
“: Okay, whose grandfather donated $350 Million to ? #JewishBoyProblems”
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 15, 2012
Y U NO TWEET YOUR SWAG. Loving the new icon btw (;
I think Tim will bowl a 546 tonight. Go Tim!
Doc....he IS man! Covered!!!
Finishing rehearsal, then readying 4 the Oscars. The Veuve is already on ice!
I've had my septum, bridge, nose, monroe, snakebites, both sides of my neck pierced, and my ears stretched.
Roger that phi
Thats intense. oh well. Keep it up. Any new posts on Salon yet?
Phone rage today?
Happy Mother's Day!!
I like the news
Listening to you/McCabe I am at work. Wish I was at the studio. Back on course next Saturday. I heard today is your 39th B/DAY!
RT shut up // 0____- I'm confused
Once I went a whole five minutes without talking about dicks or farts, but I still didn't find true love.
thats crazy tho how the put that caption for that pic lol
I hope this is u cause I want to talk to u!! Been a long time. Can't be that many Beth frazho's in the world!
two actors I don't care if I ever see again... they are fine, good actors but way over exposed. wanna know who???
Drinking coffee at 10 p.m. is a terrible idea. But I'm doing it. So I'll be up all night...planning a yoga class? studying yoga? writing?
Thanks so much dude! Really glad you're enjoying it. This is Strongwater's first demo. Help us out and spread the word!
so i know u happy... where did u live before when u was here?
watching 1000 ways to die on spike channel
so I'm now here in my home :) My cousin was like 4 almost 5 hours in the OR :c but now he is fine :D going to see him tomorrow :)
Want to come to the premiere of ?? Tweet #InTimePremiere and check this out...
Nothing bored af Sitting here Debating on What Niggas bout to Eat lol
sounds good. I'll tweet so others can meet us there?
I KNOW RIGHT? I have a bunch of those now and I am considering just squirreling them all away somewhere...
Is voicemail a generational thing? I mean... why leave me a 2-minute VM when you could just e-mail me "Are we ready with this yet?"
is going to flip her mind Rodgers tweeted and she's not here. lol
Just got a new vuvuzela :)
Looking through pictures of when you were little makes you wish you could go back to those simple times..<U+2665>
2469ashleyisthebestever1234- lololol nice number. 'that should be me' um you're like my bestfriend and real funny! You're super gorg(:
Those are pretty sweet!
i work a hectic work schedule but i can work events into my schedule..... what state you live in?
Hello Robert, I kow you drive/race but was wondering if you sponsor drivers? I've got a good driver w/ a connection to China
People’s words affect you only as much as you let them.
Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.
<U+200E> looks good bruh, now just work on your site. Ha. Actually don't forget this is what I do.
I dunno<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+263A> RT : Why is so purrrrrttyyyyy??
- I know but You know that was dirty . Lmfao Really ? You aint have to go there with the chillin like a VILLIAN ! Lhh
Ha haven't been on twitter in a while cause of stupid school
I forget how much I like hip hop until it pops into my Spotify playlist and my head starts bobbing.
how many awkward situations do you have ?
Jack mcbrayer is so precious
"Ducky" I'd Love to Hear another song from Him....Last season They brought some back !!!!! He Needs 2B1
So far, #readathon updates for me at hour seven, eleven and seventeen. How random. Loving #fireandhemlock on second read!
Limitless guac in the media workroom in ABQ. would FREAK! Tastes decent and is free!
She running around naked? RT : JESUS, ANNIE! JESUS, I LOVE YOU! Lmfao
Haha...who knows. I thought the same thing. Powerful guy though!
RT : At the same time, im too young to try to do everything at once. There's still time Tremayne... There's still time.
when you stopping back over to Clive?
oh shit, I forget if that game spoils his identity or not. :/ Also psp version gimped the combos compared to og unlimited codes.
welcome back to the land of twitter.
spotted in the risers!
I love cuddling wiff my doggie. Were dating. I mean its mot official, but things are getting pretty serious. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
miss you too Im doing fine love hope the same for you
Much respect to the ! Books & films CAN motivate us to do something, connect w/others - not just buy crap!
I suck at Guitar Hero and Rock Band on easy mode, so I would almost assuredly not own Piano Hero in either sense of the word
Early morning planning. Getting ready to call companies some companies on Monday.
iit was an open invite
I miss you toos! Maybe I just have to go to ATL?
presenting "webconferencing with webex" this morning. excited that gpls can provide webex services to all public library systems in ga.
comin again to save the m-fing day
I don't know. I was on Mon-Thurs... and Saturday.
Also thank you Alex and Austin because you guys brought us together
sigh...there you go again. I need to make your recipe this week!
Now that I am at MIT Press, am toying with the idea of doing a year of reading dedicated solely to the list here.
Poor Whitney. No singer to this day has ever touched her voice in my opinion.
Last week I interviewed two women and this week I'm transcribing those interviews. I'll post them for you to read soon.
I feel about rappers like Hemingway felt about bull fighters
In Snow White when the dwarfs sing "I ho I ho it's off to work we go" they are actually going home from work... Shouldn't they sing I home?
your pretty don't say that
I believe it was for an old print issue that's digitally archived. Little we can do as we report arrest not conviction or lack of
the better idea though would be to just avoid the problem and have it on Wednesday or Friday though. Seems rather simple to me.
Why they make this concert on tuesday , why no on friday or thursday ?
This shouldnt be funny, but it is so funny.
Did you know this week is Choose Local First Week in Milwaukee? Great local companies (us too) are involved offering sweet deals!
Maybe it was a good thing I didn't make a bracket. This is already the tournament of the underdog.
Wait, Lisa & Jeff know each other?? Worlds colliding!
Do you post your syllabi online? Working on a syllabus for an Annenberg jour class and trying to read as much as possible.
Check out my friend as she rocks it on the CW #90210 2nite 8pm. Xxoo
hahahahaha, really!! please don't unfollow mckayla&i...(: we really would appreciate it!
what does that even mean....?
If you own a home in #Maryland, you're probably overpaying on your #property #taxes. Find out here: www.mdtaxappeals.com
Another great networking event going down tonight #MYAGENDA Monday nights ESBN @ Club Allure. Be There!!!
I'll be okay, just a long road of recovery ahead : / - thank you for the well wishes!
Congrats, Blayne! That's awesome!
#hiring #jobs Gonzalez has open positions for Machine Builder, Pipefitter, & Electricians in MI. Open position in Virginia, Motoman.
what would Helen Keller do...
omg Thomas.
Just heard "Power of Love" on the radio!
Tonight is Parents Night Out at Floriana! 10% of our sales will go to benefit our local elementary school ROSS!
Pssst.... we start delivery on Sept. 9! Pass it on!
you smell like sweet red plums & grilled cheese sandwiches
Crap. My mom wanted it the other way around. Likes CSI Miami colors & (dark) humor. Thinks NY is dull, dislikes Sela Ward
Thanks for following! Greatly appreciate it! :) Enjoy your day!
Do you have a Facebook? My 4 year old son also has Autism.
oh I know their extremely vague and ambiguous propaganda video all too well. Consider yourself followed!
I keep reading this as "being inside-out" and getting really confused but also morbidly delighted...
Happy Happy Birthday to you on your special day! Happy Happy Birthday id what Im here to say! #FlawlessBeing #OwnTheNight <3
LA intensive first day over. Information overload...I love it!
Obedience is nothing more than aligning our lives with the society that exists in the celestial kingdom. -James Gaffney
Ask questions! U prolly will get the real truth...
Today is graduation for our latest group of kids on course...CONGRATULATIONS!!
Call KROQ and requesting One Felt Lonely by The Dares (800)520-1067....then call again throughout the day =)
eye get back on Thursday.
attd news release
welcoming all friends
Absolutely. The Internet has been a huge success BECAUSE we've kept the govt out.
#alancooper Show value by getting very focused on something very small and show improvements.
I completely agree. What amazing thing can you do?
It's a lovely
That's a very good question. I wonder how many annual conferences voted young people to
“There is no better exercise for your heart than reaching down and helping to lift someone up.”
In past years when the Red Sox stunk, I would pick an NL team to follow, often the Cardinals. This year it could be the Nats.
what! Why not? We are almost in summer. :)
Losing followers
Congratulations! Can't wait to visit.
Haven't been to Kroger in the longest
Fashion Alert: Tube tops are making a comeback in #Denver this summer out why on March 8!
where u been
Mulberry Row (Monticello) had wonderful slave reenactors from Colonial Williamsburg as cooper, basketmaker,nailmaker & joiner yesterday.
ok tay wateva u say if u do dat i want sum LOL
that you talking to the cop in rocky point? What did u do now!
RT : Did you know that May is National Physical Fitness and Sport Month? Keep up with your #Spinning classes
We are watching your. #supercommittee we demand you represent the people.
"If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up." ~J.M. Power
Good Morning #TwitterFamily....We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of eachother everywhere....
Happy Father's day to all the dads. If your dad likes to cook, come down and see all the neat items we have for him. Open to the public!
wittle beautiful baby <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I'll give it a read, thanks for the first glimpse!
Beautiful Baltimore sunset tonight! Wow. Colors like that are an incredible sight to behold and so moving to the spirit within. Wow!
AND LOVE
(and all similar critics) need to understand that NCAA bylaws are passed by univ presidents, not football coaches.
ctfu yeah rite!!! who ya unc?
Now Playin_Keep Mines On Me
aww you took my job , he's been retweeting my tweets for the past 3 tweetpress .. lol <3
CDR is smoking hot right now.
#iUseToThink every white person was rich cause they didnt stay in the hood come the find out they just as broke a us
My God is greater than your problems. So leave them in His hands
Man its so hard to ask but gotta let it go......
where my girls at ? Make your heels clap!
Put us in your #FF and we will do the return;)
Be less curious about people think of you and keep doing your thing in life and good things will come out of it
Christmas gigs FUN FUN FUN...NYE S.F.S FAV VENUE "BOTTOM OF THE HILL" TAHOE ON THE 13TH SECRET SHOW NEXT WEEK...
DRG WTF what are you doing???? You saw the banshees! He threw away the first game and possibly the championship.
All I want is a Klondike bar. “: Twitter is easy. Know what you want out of it and Tweet until you get it.”
noo really i can eat pizza off ur head dude help me get followers
Hope the child feels better - then mom will also.
yes 7 is a classic (Advent Children was just one giant excuse to bring back Sephiroth lol)! But it was enter raining especiall
I am going to a Skrillex concert on Saturday! :)
holding strong - caucus holds to "no" or "present" on R amendments and defeats ACE Title I Formula Fairness
Ghetto Superstar
#Avengers Can't wait to go see this!
you got that right .
#wcphilly #day2 Up Next: Contributing to WordPress Core with Andrew
I saw a group of skaters as I was coming out of wal-Mart, then realized it was my ex and his friends, omfg so awkward ('x
I do the pinch and speak through gritted teeth in the store. LOL
Why you not reply? :(
In 30 minutes are going to take game 4 in Orlando which will bring them home for the close out. If you can go to the game!
Hey, now! What'd I do?
28 - 21 Capital City at the end of the third quarter. I love watching games with great defense.
Hahahaha! Love it!
"Hey Mom can I get that mini-fridge?"......"Oh wait! That's a dishwasher......"
I am exhausted...
Tonight we're making calls to those who we will be casting. Keep your phones close by!
i can see that. Its almost the size of a tiger. Thank the Gods for a spare hefeweizen
Hey heard about your crazy car situation! Hope you're doing okay!
Still no runs in the Brewers/Reds game! Hope you all had the under!
"You broke the rules, now I'm pulling out your pubic hair." Oh, Tenacious D...how your lyrics make me giggle.
i'll let you know once I talk to my daddy. Its depending on his flight
You amaze me. <3
connected on FB too!
Am I really gonna run in this rain? What music is appropriate for that?
never have i wanted children SO badly. #ldsconf. Thanks 4 putting it so beautifully, Elder Boyd K Packer
Have fun Mollie!
I am so sry about ur loss and I will keep u and everyone in my prayers
baby <3 Your gonna meet your daddy one day don't worry! :) Be happy that's what he would want <3
congrats Jessica! You deserve to stay. You're amazing and talented. It was a shocking and unbelievable night for everyone.
should be hot in LA, Kayper has serious skills!
I go to LSU. How do you like Pitt? Some friends of mine went there for undergrad.
Guess what I just purchased for Remo and myself? And also roping several other people into going as well.
So excited that & I will now be getting the weekend (Fri-Sun) papers delivered. #YAYNews #IsMyElitistLiberalBiasShowing?
Hey Josh, I'm a big #Rangers fan from New York. Can I get retweet?
#mahonefact Austin loves to wear chain, he has many collection of it :)
Romney #Dodge I don't believe it, look at the voting record
Come sing with us tonight at McAlan's in Rancho Cucamonga!!
Had a gd time last night wit gotta do it again
Considering that he died in 1971, wouldn't ANY Louis Armstrong recording be "decades old?"
yo bro which twitter am I suppose to write to? -_-
I almost always run into Ice Wraiths who are fighting something/one else. Ice Wraiths = jerks, obvs.
Would U say #freshmen #congressmen have no power w/o establishment blessing = How #RINOs squelch the Tea Party freshmen.
After watching 6 Days To Air, I have a whole new respect for #southpark. Man those guys bust their butts!!!
Lol.... When you #single you can do things like that. :)
Lol not me! RT : you're alive? You're like a ghost constantly MIA
LMFAO HIS FACE IN YOUR PICTURE OMG. I CANT ITS TOO CUTE ITS LIKE A CABAGE PATCH LOLL
Juridica gross cash proceeds for the year increased by 159% to US$17.1 million. One case settled and five returned partial settlements.
I went to the driving range this weekend for the first time in my life. Loved it! I'm now taking up golf! Wish me luck! :)
Lets go baby duke all day
if i sneeze, dont say bless you bitch
The older I get, the more people I hate.
So both my brothers came in my room drunk last night and woke me up now I can't seem to fall asleep weird...
Happy Sunday morning! I'm surprised to see sun in the PNW!
Call anytime luv
": Congrats to the #CBSBigBrother winner!!" I'm still waiting to see who...hopefully #Rachel!!
Don Henley's "All She wants to do is Dance" Would be better if he sang "All She want's to do is, Sex"
FBI thinks they may have found D. B. Cooper. Didn't Michael Scofield do that years ago?
#ECEtechCHAT Totally true! And when Spanish speakers are attending English webinars to get in-service hours. terrible!
you're very welcome :)
Get your #FREE #Xerox pedometer - come to the Social Media Cafe & say "My feet hurt!"
got any ideas
Aaawww yeah!!! Sunshine my friend!!!Nothing like it for this Southern Belle, y'all hear me?
you don't know that. i was going too but i got caught up watching the notebook :)
Out with the old, in with the new.
fast hour! enjoyed everyone's insights. have a great weekend.
Money better pissed upon than bet on Jazz.
Touch has many more apps available and alot are free. My iphone on me at all times like a wallet/watch. Fire good ereader
Need a power weed wacker to wack this small patch of grass. Would anyone be so kind to swing by with one & wack it for me? No pun intended.
I would have road around with you! I wasn't getting the hints lol. I always feel that way about errands, tanning & working out
yes, did you not get the shelter in place announcement? If you aren't on campus, don't come until they give an all-clear!
thanks for the support! Cheers guys!
"No snatches or niggas needed. I can have fun all by myself!..."
Q: Current favorite brand of shoes?
are those nachos?
I think Donnie n co. made the right choice. Bring back last yrs team and you slightly have chance to repeat and a bleak future.
I think that's right, although you've got a streak of Provocateur in you. :)
and thanks to u two for that!
Who has a #brunch filled weekend!?!
Democratic mayoral candidate Vincent C. Gray's town hall mtg. w/Ward 5 residents tomorrow@ 6:30 pm @ Community Academy PCS, 1400 1st St., NW
Listening to IZ "white sandy beach" on #pandora can't wait to go back to #Hawaii with - only 7 months until the next trip!
In the hopes of reaching the moon men fail to see the flowers that blossom at their feet. ~Albert Schweitzer
Explain this to me: the coffee pot is 98% empty & full of grounds. The solution is to turn the pot off and walk away?
Hmm I just might go with the bangs! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Wow nice DP!
sorry Shane
can't wait to hear the new material!!
it'll be okay. They are staying separate and allow you to share with other networks. So they say.
it is now my aspiration to one day see you in an airport and break out into a 1person flash mob #airportcheerupsquad :)
Can it rain a little more plidx
what is you opinion of Koei yet again not making each character have their unique movesets other than the EX Attacks?
Nothing like good old rain in Mexico to remind me of Seattle.
Bleached a strand of my hair :3 love it
homework in the library
Watching one of my friends love on other guys #suchagem >>
Feels like my head is going to explode. Hope this headache goes away so I can go to bed.
Oh my God, my face is so cold.
Dont know if USA will ever feel the same after being a political prisoner, but by being denied freedom Ive come to truly value it
junior ponzi scheme
I don't feel good <U+E403>
naw just the ones that was turned in yesterday
Did this guy just open a benefit with a joke about being an alcoholic? Um, no. Not funny.
when was it announced?
Viewing a webinar on transforming libraries. David Lankes from Syracuse University iSchool is speaking.
is funny as Hell and her tweets be on point
trying to say sorry? too late now. should've never made fun of me before.
I hope there will be gifts we can award to those who entertain us the most, a la Hunger Games
The awkward moment when your awake at your friends house and are just sitting there watching them sleep
if the nerd population is segmented, yes. Most people respond to emotional reasoning not date
Cherry Hill, NJ. I hope you're ready for us....we're coming soon
I've noted your travel plans for future reference. As I told you. Lol. I don't like to predict the future either but...lol
best meories of ABDC? Fav song? Fav #?and Can u follow me?
He has great people working for him. Move on sheep.
Swamp People is a great show, though I admit I get homesick when i watch it.
of o book u can come too! Lol
RIP Maurice Sendak.
I'm sorry personalities don't grow on trees, cause if they did you'd be the first person to reach for one
Mixed message on antidepressant for hot flashes
Want to harness the arts to transform lives? Come to Sunday's #TeenLifeLIVE NYC Fair and check out sponsor
crab rangoons from #skewerz are what dreams are made of ... (thanks for the lunch info )
i thought long weekends were supposed to relax you, why am i so tired?!
Boston is beating us in our own game smh
waiting for you to come to Anacostia!
What up, Shelly?! How's the Twitterverse treating you??
RT : Tweet your questions for Alison Bechdel by 7PM 2morrow & will choose one to ask live from the ALOUD stage!...
the jam! the Jackson 5 original also!
June 3 ne
Maybe not...
mom comes in and gets a library card for her less-than-1 yo and then comes back and asks, if her baby can use the computer if supervised
This bridges reminds me of crossroads in my life. In my mind's eyes the bridges I have cross are as long as from here to Africa
International Coach Federation of Greater Richmond sponsoring wonderful events for International Coaching Week icfgr.com
that is a known issue, we're fixing it ASAP!
Rick Santorum "described Ron Paul as an unproductive member of Congress..." That sounds to me like a glowing endorsement.
#ICantStandPeople who only come around when they want something.
Thanks for the mention :)
Yes actually
Unless you're Usain Bolt...
sneak me in
Working side jobs on both my days off. Tired. Counting my blessings that I'm doing this to pay 4 vacation, not just to get by.
I SAW AT THE BLOCK GOT BIS AUTOGRAPH HE SMILED AT ME
Sounds yummy. I've been meaning to try
Not many pitchers have great seasons at 35.
Haha No I'm Still With My Boyfriend. It Was Just A Joke.
we don't carry Bianca but have an awesome similar fit/wash called Jiselle; the difference is no exposed fly buttons!
hope no one accidentally sits on that.
I told myself I was going to stop looking at tattoos on tumblr...3 hours ago.
OMG All The Time... They Swear We Care
"All is very good in love, but with people it becomes soup" What a beautiful show, but bring your prozak
Can't follow from the iPad app. All I see is spinning
You mean...Lauren?
Some people need to stop acting funny! I mean SERIOUSLY, do you really have to do all of that? O.-
man I'm so into #mw3 right now the best game ever. Already in 6th prestige. I'm beasting on this game way more than
OMG! I think I was the loudest in the theater...lol
Have the Celtics grabbed an offensive rebound tonight?
good god these comms and their speculations...I'm not here for that
mane everybody be talking bad about they schools its not the district its just school period
Yes! A sweep would be nice. My nerves can't take the rollercoaster of emotions again.
haha good! keep drinking :p
I wonder whats going through my cat's mind while he looks at me so lovingly. I wonder if he's gay.
wed works..be prepared to buy one pizza for crew!
I can just picture you screaming at it, "WHAT DO YOU WANT, WHAT DO YOU WANT!!!" LOL
We're going to #gradnation next week. How about you?
I Know, I Miss You
can you vouch for corrupt?
Omg I have to pee dammit!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Less than 4 weeks to our summer show: www.theatrecompany.biz. It all just comes on us so fast. Get ur tix soon.
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way
": My prayers and sincere condolences to the family and friends of Junior Seau. He was a special player, wonderful person."
Just want to test something...
London Marriott Hotel Regents Park Preparing for Action Packed London Summer
cool l'll be sure to get back to you today
Looks like somebody has a case of the Mundays (me).
Doesn't look like we'll know until a little after 8pm tonight, IF then... We're going to try to push the guy into moving tonight.
Check your DM bro
Hell yea... Its like summer jam over here...RT : Its busy ??? I'm at Juliet :p
i could have meant lunesta, ambien or nyquil. I didn't. But i could have.
so excited for that!!!
I don't stunt on shit I believe in keeping it real.
Follow Back?? ;)
Shay i want to meet you guys in play list live but im a youtube partner my self idk if i can make it up there my channel is
u know it!!
Can't talk about how civilians interpreted the mobility of Civil War armies in Shenandoah Valley w/o addressing experience of Unionists.
Best punk band of all time NOFX
LOL! Great plan! Solves the rural migration to urban areas problem in a single stroke. Low cost to implement.
I like how you guys tweet each other when your in the same place or next to each other :P
I just like watching the price of stamps go up!
Willis,Troutman, Rakes, Young in studio for tonight's WFBR Sports Call in show. 627-0953. Local sports news and discussing....
I take no shame in being the 19 year old that just spent two hours at the playground climbing up the slides.
1 hour massage at New Growth for $30 on www.crowdclick.com!
Its funny how we live in a world where everyone tries to fit in when honestly there is no such thing... We all fail in the end <\3
LOL RT : Never scroll online job boards late night. Trust me, it's a black hole. Time yourself on those bad boys.
I still have no idea who norah Jones is.....lol
This game ain't even funny. Can't believe this shit.
Im picking Denver. Karl > Brown
shucks. we'll start next monday. i want her to make a twitter
IS UR Miami team gonna go 4 Manning?
Ok it's really weird that my last tweets link looks like #hella and I'm in
I'm walking over to the market to get fresh limes for Mai Tai's.
hit us up with questions! need info?
I'm never putting all my chips on da table again
It is for this reason that most advertising research focuses on other effects in the hierarchy of effects.
You know it's bad when your first thought waking up is figuring out how long you have till you can come back & take a nap
I need sumthinnnn to do
If I miss anyone's msgs I apologize, I'm experiencing technical difficulties. *grumbling timewarner sucks*
a little fixing here and there but keep the core 3...
Haha you're too sweet! :p I'm great thank you! How are you? (:
seriously on the Magic f-up? c'mon man..there are ten year-olds that wouldn't have messed that super simple shot up.
Happy National Walking Day! The , and teams are about to go on a walk!
1234 i really like your username. you're a good fan and i love your tweets!
S/O to all the beautiful mothers that are following me. Happy mothers day! Xoxo!;)
Need to change my picture....lol
says wow, I want him for TV “: Criminal def atty David Bartick newest federal magistrate judge in SD. ”
sup bro west good
You got it!
Are there really *cancel* rumors? I'll call my friends at #NBC!
um, yes. That is all.
I find that Henry Rollins is no longer relevant
Cloudy there, for sure....
I want a date nite with you!
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time.
Right on, man. Who's next?
I'm wondering about the metadata overlap between GoodReads, LibraryThing, and OpenLibrary-
I'm mad my mom just forced me to get up by hitting me with a pillow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Protein Shake!
Sarah Palin's hypocrisy and grandstanding continues to sicken me. When will she disappear into the woodwork from which she emerged?
Who will score more pts in their series, Kobe, KD, TP or CP3?
I accidentally under my wife's shampoo this morning and now I smell like vanilla and apricots. I'm hungry.
Wow, Mizzou. Way to ruin my bracket. This is why I don't like you.
THATS MY FAVORITE FUCKING BAND!!!!:D RT : THE DEVIL WEARS PRADA IS IN TOWN? WHAT THE FUCK. :D
You only have until the 21st to take advantage of the tax free special to attend the convention for less than $250! Register today!
lmao, I would know
Have a great Show papa regards to the fellas Angel, Ricky, eric From your 1st Timbalero Chino Nuñez
KISSING GAMES & GIRLS TALKN BOUT
Why does the #newtwitter not works for me?!
you rock!
your 17? u should b picking out prom dresses not babies names
Ranges won wohhhhh<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
ooh i wanna go on stage and rape tf outta
Got hiccups from smoking xD
They just beeped out "hole" in butt hole on tv. Why?
IM ALL ALONE ON TOP OF A MOUNTIAN,IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE!!!!!
What a racist towards Latinos! Stop!
Trying to get this gospel radio show popping off. Hopefully I can meet some connects tonight.
One blue book filled . Ready to conquer another at 130
Somewhere Brett Favre dances a jig.
Andrew Luck will never be an elite qb in the nfl
“Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God.” - Edwin Louis Cole
you're so sweet! So sorry you guys didn't win. You deserved it!
Dire predictions of the imminent demise of publishing go back at least to the 20s. Each new technology prompts despair.
so basically kind of like a Phish concert.I feel like the health market crowd here is yuppies
"Do you ever wonder if we make the moments in our lives or the moments in our lives make us?"
Happy Birthday and much luck tonight
I hate running out of coffee after a night of staying up late reading twitter.
All aboard for 'Dinosaur Train' - Muncie Star Press
-- Well, I would never advise anyone to dump J.D. Martinez for those guys ...
ahh. So, short phrases, iambic. "coinage of my brain" etc.
In chemistry..... Seriously considering suicide right now...
I do not want a damn iPod leave my twitter alone you damn fools
On a plane, heading for Chicago, at least if I don't get stuck in Minneapolis over night.
Lend me your eyes and I'll change what you see.
really good for once!
when girls tie their shirts with a rubber band.
it must be summer in south texas already
Just look at all this support Bring Back Ringer
Get me out of this store please :/
where is it? I wanna see your face. <3
Let's see if the Fashiontonians know. How bout it guys? “ know any good male fashion models in the area?”
People suck.
haha nice :p my best friends sing in the car most of the time. It's so funny haha
Do any ad media buyers have info about how inventory for a hypothetical Super Bowl overtime gets sold? Please RT. ?
That's reassuring, but I trapped and relocated it anyways. Take no chances!
"No, really, you may not photograph me. You are not from "insert huge media blitz about my success." I am not your scrap book memory.
LOL! It's great to meet you too ;)
Thanks to , faith in house music is resorted.... SHM> EVERYTHING
Beyond amazing tonight !!! You were so gorgeous &danced beautifully with Tristan!! Love your look and so happy to c u back!
There's no way I'm going to be able to handle Titanic in 3d.lol
no tweeting during church
We are not sports people.
n/naka chef's tasting meal for $110 was a culinary experience. Modern Japanese kaiseki style mixed w/ traditional techniques. Perfect meal.
Hope you enjoy it
RT : Mazel Tov! RT“: The pick up is official. Castle. Season 5. Cheers. >loved you in Finale!
Up & at'em. Muay Thai Monday!
have nothing to be jealous about, 5 year bragging rights!!
Much to my surprise, there's nothing racist about Soup Plantation. Who knew?
welcomes to our team... Thanks for the great order looking forward to a gr8 business relationship pls RT
I didnt hear about that sorry I missed it.
So YOU'RE that dude.
People aren't ever gonna stop runnin their mouths.
if to borrow is to take and not return, i have borrowed all my lonesome life
wish one day you can steal a few minutes from your busy life and make me feel like u miss me the way i miss u </3
Happy Fathers Day to all the Dads out there!! Especially Dennis and David,Ronnie and my Dad
#SPRING is getting closer!! Who is ready to get out the #Powersport vehicle??
hello, my child, how u been
lol,its a white people thing.
Manny: "a lot of amenities disappear when an 'H' becomes an 'M.' "
Wasn't nothing real about that $50, who breaks big ass bills in McDonald's. Americas dumbest criminals
When we do what we are meant to do, money comes to us, doors open for us and the work we do feels like play to us.
yea it pretty much was lol my dad man...
Blasting Sexy & I know it, ignoring the world.
#liber2011 Early English Books microfilm project started in the 1930s. Wow--didn't know it went that far back!
send a note...I will reply with the request! Thanks.
yes it is. Unbelievable.
truth be told, he may have been born in the 90s?!
#Bolts. 18th overall pick #NFL Draft @ 5pm PT. Each team has 10 minutes to make their draft selection. Estimated time 7:30-8pm PST
First day of shooting for the Skin Folk project completed! Updates coming soon!
This Strawberry Italian Ice is delicious!!!
Dine at Blitz Tigard on 99w today and 15% goes to ... Help kids! Eat Tachoes!
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Ralph Waldo Emerson
I became suddenly melancholy upon realizing #jorts are now out of season.
Now that I've watched get her award, off to bed! Oh Mondays...
Who gonna smoke one wit me?
Dear Seattle snow, I would appreciate it if you stopped so that I can drive home from the airport tomorrow and don't have to leave my car...
