Um so you're in NY. Meeting? Friday? :) I am leaving town sunday for 2 weeks.
Swinging 3-0, Joyce? Really? REALLY? When the walk puts the tying run in scoring position.
Google Calendar, not liking you right now...
whatever! The #miamicHEATs had to play a hockey game in order to beat the bulls last night. 2d RD & their out! Mark my words!
The men's restroom is about to become reality!
almost done with them. I had to rewrite them. I haven't forgot!!
Ya ever jut fuckin laugh out of no where? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAGAGAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
ill go ref for the kind of money they make !!
Too bad my hair doesn't even look like your twit pic anymore!!!! Got it did today
Working on Molly, Joe Turner's Come And Gone. For MTB Sudios.
Pre game listening to music we made
hi sir follow back
The day you give up trying to be right all the time, it'll be the day you set yourself free.
if I was Luann I'd rescind he offer. What a joke.
("Black Panther" Poem Of The Day: by "Black Panther" NEETTA BLACK - (From The Strong Collection) - at amazon.com.)……….
happy abor day!!!!!!
George Lopez cracks me up!! Lmfao!!
thanx for interest. Write me at & I'll send info. G
stock exchange
What an amazing group of kids and director! so excited for them!!!
NICE ICON BLAZE!!!!!
Thank you to everyone who packed Friday night to support our scholars! We were so happy to share our work with you.
no worries and thanks :)
I just learned (on NPR) that Monday is International Jazz Day.. there's no way I'll be able to put together a full ensemble by then!
wow, you're gettin it in! Do it big #BossLady. Wish we could b there and shadow you on set. #DayInTheLife of a
Hello i'm on my phone so i am sorry that i have not been on for a long time so talk to me
New Year's Eve cold is 99% gone...that was a nasty little bugger. Working on answering weird/crazy questions this morning.
MediaPost: Woo Buyers With Paid, Owned, Earned Media
very true. We need more lights!
hey I'm on - maranda
Happiness is 3 days in a row of great food great beer and great fun with my buddies on the road! I am so lucky to be here! YAY
Smoked salmon creamcheese on a cinnamon bagel
YO! #SuperFans from #Hong Kong!!! You rock! Thanks for downloading !
Would you say 3-4 now as well, or longer?
mona! my friend read the books!
Well you've been no where to be found for the last couple of months... so had to streak alone.
or just the sh*tty ones? what do you suggest in lieu? esp for those who haven't the skills to use other more dynamic options..
AWHHH LUKE I LOVE YOUR MUSIC lol u seem soo down to earth and thats awesome can u follow me???
RT : Told the wrong people that my birthday is tomorrow
It's kinda sad that it's already the last day of school! It went by so fast!!
#arealchange Fear is nothing more than the absence of belief
applications for our Tour Team. We could def use ur talents! Email me for the details and we'll talk:
If you could wrestle one superstar who would it be?
Celtics are better than the Pacers.
seize the moment! happy weekend! :)
it's in sabs room!
RT : Infonetics: controls 34% of enterprise session border controller market; in #2 spot...
Did you have a good time last night dancing with Wanda Acosta at Thom Bar? Thanks for coming out & checking in on Foursquare!
can we get rid of Word and IE too?
#Fridayreads: The Tiger's Wife
Looking for a good workshop that's not to expensive.
New appetizer: pork-stuffed chicken wings. Ground pork, jicama, onions, and spices stuffed inside whole chicken wings and fried.
Just saw a self-driving car
Tell me who controls kings I dont follow rules..stupid old things
Man o man, I'm running outta food trivia ova here!
Catch "Coriolanus" if you've missed. at 2 more days and in small theater, but worth it.
....the stories behind MJs dad death was becuz of Michaels gambling problem....but ppl dislike LBJ for raising money for charity?
looking for a response to our emails! any time to do a review/GeekSLP approval? Would love to hear from you!
back to work already? your one busy guy.
Jamar has been a fave from the get-go on #TheVoice. He's hope when we've lost our way. Here's to 30+ more birthdays!
Making new friends always puts me in a good mood
2 New blogs up on www.mojosworld.net under the 'Blog' tab.
Why is the weight loss focus so darn difficult?
Off to a local sports bar to watch the Pune Warriors kick some booty tonight. At least I think it's going to be a local sports bar.
Engaging conversation at today's White House Hispanic Community Action Summit #WHenWI at South Division H.S.
A7. Oh sure..next thing you're gonna want to know is 'which child is my favorite..' Sheesh! I love them all. :)
Cal must've forgotten that Christmas is over. Another gift? Why thank you, Bears.
Linds is about to call you!
The dance was amazing
"Bridget works in publishing and used to play naked in my paddling pool." -- Mark Darcy. "How odd." -- Natasha
to funny
I had to go to Nordstrom and buy new shirt . spaghetti sauce didn't match my white shirt
Do fairy tail endings exist anymore? No.
naw that's you
Not that that should surprise you at all. :)
Contact Me And FFTAMG On Our NEW Corparate Line: 414-306-7015 For Ticket Sales, Booking, and Corparate Contact..!!!
I've been working for a month (together with a wonderful team) on 12WeekPlan.org What's you're plan for the election?
Who wants to donate to the poor afghan american girl foundation?
This man was a 2-term president: "If they were called some other body's tax cuts, they're probably less likely to be raised."
spinning The show goes on right now
is AMAZING! It's all I use when I'm in NY! :)
sacrifice...and do it...just do it. Just do it. And appreciate that it will take longer than a 5 second montage to do so.
I really have a lot I need to be doing to get prepared to create at home. I just don't have the energy.
congrats ellen!
"Feel like I'm Martin Luther! DREAM big until the DEATH" -#Avenue snappin!!
I'm attending to perform media coverage for and wanted to make sure WMC is aware of it!
do not make eye contact... They can sense fear! ;p
Obligatory Charlie Sheen tweet. Moving on...
yes yes I'll be home next week! I'll text ya when I'm back :)
We don't really exist. Twitter was set up as a huge fake thing just for you. What is that movie...?
Buying my imaginary pet fish a snuggie.
Thanks for following! Good luck with your studies!
idea! move State email severs to google apps would save the state millions 200,000 employees X $50 = $10,000,000 pr yr for IT
YEA BITCH YEA BITCH CALL ME STEVE O!
hope it goes great. I have one big hot mess in front of me tonight
Lakers are putting on a passing clinic!
Alays interesting to find out who watches public television.... :-)
Sitting at a large table in the mountains with 4 Iraqi women who are reading me my future from a tiny cup of coffee.
yep. the bursts of tech content was annoying the CLT people
If you use your invite code, they'll get $10 off first ride, and you'll get a $10 credit reward! :)
clever little man!
4:20 checking out lake mich from my bedroom windows
Haven't been on twitter in a while....
I really should be tired..
Old McDonald, the strict farmer who parented with an iron fist, has never fully supported his son, Ronald's, clown career.
Congrats!! RT "ts been a little over a year since we opened our Scottsdale shop."
lord listen 2 me God dont like ugly #itwaswritten ---> who wrote this #classicline ?!
nothing just cuddling with my "fold ~N~ play friendzz" lol
<U+266C> Craig Wiseman Has written 15+ No.1 Hits One of the best & well known songwriters in Nashville Great role model for wanna be songwriters <U+266C>
was going to txt. But thought u might he some where being a smooth Playa lol. Side note: That made me laugh cause ur clumsy
Going to the mall and maybe a movie on Saturday and Sunday, will probably stay and catch on some work and cleaning. :)
Base hit, Matt... Bat on ball.
i got to get started on this project that's due in a couple of days
Between $150-$200 a ticket. Check StubHub, there's still some left in that range
“: If he wants to spoil you #keephim”
In Jesus name, I live <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
#randomthought I think & should go out on a date!:}.
I love how you take time out of your day just to tweet to your fans! That shows us how much you love us #MAHOMIES! We love you
Men in stretch jeans = wrong.
Am I the only person watching Mortal Kombat?
red lights as stop signs you can't beat that
Granite City hospital security guards charged with manslaughter in death of ... - Belleville News Democrat
Anthony!!! I miss ya!!!
1-click purchase on Amazon is so dangerous!
In the long run it won't :D
Check out He is a great guy, busy but a great guy the President of the company like his video's
Tug Fork River Band will be making a comeback at #Kylestock!!! Come support this local band as they play their first show in almost a year!
The Most Effective Way To Stay “Healthy” Is To Have Minimal Contact With Today’s “Health Care System.” –smb
Sorry to hear that. But hopefully we'll be able to represent for the sushi food trucks!
My teacher is talking about strippers & pornstars in class ._.
: Welcome to Twitter!
Thanks :) and yeah check us out and give me some input
4 you, I have 3 words 2 say in this 1 sentence. I Love You. And there's 0 lies In it.
does it really matter if were going out were just bestfriends.......? <3
A NEW BEGINING TO A NEW LIFE
Let 'em know your boy is live!
you might see me there
haha! You're on!
when i want to sleep, i can't. but when i want to stay awake, i fall asleep.
fell off a 50 foot ladder last night! Fortunately, I was on the bottom rung.
I KNOW! Omg. Fml.
how is it possible for you to be so freaking gorgeouss<3
Avatar is freakin weird. These tiger smurfs on steroids.
I wonder if iam ever gne get married
you're a haiku master who occasionally stretches toward sonnet but lacks the attention span for epic. not enough one liners
You're going to be pretty disappointed until well into DS9.
Oregon/Auburn both come into this game undefeated. Can we have the winner play undefeated TCU for the National Championship?
Nov. 11, 12 & 13 - New Mexico. Plan to visit Santa Fe's 13th annual Recycle Santa Fe Art Festival located at El Museo Cultural de Santa Fe.
It's raining... so I'm watering my grass on Earth day.
Welcome to the Twitterverse! Happy New Year! Love u! Xo
Who's in the bottom right now?? (I'm not watching) lol
yes he did flex on that track.
That bitch stomach must hurt .... She so full of shit
Watching Little Fockers with Viggle Thu | 1PM | CineMAX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Gr8 meeting you tonight w/ 4 #PowerofUnpopular book signing with See you @ #TEDxPT!
More PSU orientation. Stop by SBA or Smith 229 9/23 9-11a to say hi and get plugged into all we have going on this year.
that would be breakfast for a retired Champ!
Back to American Greatness: Success is IN each individual; hard work is the key ingredient.
I think "Camraface" pictures are amazing should post some of her work!
I told I was going to do just that last night.
sometimes it's not the creativity or execution of an idea that leads to success, but the persistence in getting it done
Such a gorgeous day! Celebrating with a nap in the sun.
you're the first thing i thought of when i woke up too
With the fact I have ADHD and I'm shy as hell when it comes to talking to girls in real life why should I care to be-
I love watching ballet/dance its so beautiful
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds.
everythings good how u been doin bro?
Downtown at GRAND LUX WITH MY QUEEN !!!
Just keeping it professional
Hey guys, Its Friday! Time to enjoy the weekend with family :)
I am lol
We sure do love our members! Happy Valentines Day!
miss those days spec holidays I would send treats every holiday “: All the kids at my baby school say im the cool mom lmaoo”
Anyone agree that a work week should be 2 days of work, 5 days off, instead of the other way???????????????
YOU GOT to LOVE THEM.. To KEEP from KILLING THEM..
Wow, typos seem to haunt me. Maybe it is an Old Testament thing? You may carry my, my, my books. Hugs to you!
I love this weather! Ready for the calc final
I know right? Its so frustrating!!
The blessing of the Lord, it maketh RICH AND addeth NO sorrow to it!
but don't you suggest that?
Studio flow!!!
Oh! Yes that sounds delicious!!
Broken Hearted Girl by Beyonce <3
We were up until literally 4:30AM. He has SO MUCH STUFF
Hzappy V-day middle class bohemes
Making light of these dark days.
To all Send a Smile shopowners: give your friends $1 discount with voucher: FDRMJRX8 - Works in all Send a Smile Greeting Card shops.
Happy birthday Muhammad Ali.
ur right that is crazy fun!
Badge breakdown: Red=Designers, Teal=Developers, Yellow=Program Managers and Black=Business. Go meet someone new!
"Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer."
hey stranger I just noticed i had you on this -_- smh how are you
I hope everybody has a great day :)
Man I hate when females try to seek attention its so unattractive
RT : If I were Cundiff, I'd stay off Barksdale corners tonight.
#nowplaying Words I Never Said - Lupe Fiasco feat. Skylar Grey
Tired. Why does Wednesday feel like Monday? Is it summer yet?
how was your mothers day?
Fridays are Fabulous, but Mondays are spectacular because of GHAPFM Music Mondays!
If you know anybody that works for UPS, tell them they're bitches
where can I follow the story about labor dept??
Cant something like that mess up the week thanks uk who u are
hate when my nail polish chips...
excuse me ! We are boys , I think ? Lmao but believe me I wanna go to local, it's free<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> I'll let ya know
lol.has points if its you ?
Have you ever thought what will Taylor Swift will write about when she gets married?
I promise it'll happen someday!!
Lots of updates in the works for SpoonerSpot. Have you tried the Beta yet? Let us know what you think!
My.alarm clock is obviously jealous of the relationship between me and my bed.
Only a few more hours til feeds your dome with funk. Let’s get up Milwaukee!
haha.. he keeps doing the same dance lol
Thanks for the RT ! we are pairing a selection of Miller Brewery faves, ex. Pilsner U. with Sliced Kobe Beef!
Thank you for the useful tip! Now all I need is an ipad and a six pack...
Lmfao.. Wtf is she dating a girl or something or... Lol i cant. ..kinda disturbs me
Finding out your actually not poor is the best feeling in the world <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
maybe I should have more faith that they'll get the work done in time...
The Paltalk App is back in the Apple App Store now :) We suggest everyone deletes the old app version and installs the new one.
u know u southern born if u already started cooking thanksgiving meal lol BBQ Turkey is the shitz lol
or movie maker minions
unfortunately not making it to the #SecretWineParty, but have fun and let me know how it goes!
hi r u korean^_^
The thurn's robes are of a sinister fabric that fools the eye... They're the devil's cords
down to my last hour and a half, tic toc tic toc
set up a presentation thru for social
HE'S THE BAD BOY OF THE #CIVILWAR, JOE HOOKER. New bookl , GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle/Amazon Sex, Drugs & the Civil War
Headed to the Thunder Game...Let Go Thunder!!!!!
Do you get annoyed when self-proclaimed Social Media experts don't really "use" social media the "right" way? Just sell their services?
im single. forever. i swear. this is bullshit.
Today I got a mixture of a little blue and a little purple on the brain. #StayTough!
women in business mixer
Good Luck!! We are rooting for you!!!
good woke up too early!!
over 2000 years ago a bad man walked this Earth teaching and leading by example, he was so bad that he died and raised himself up
lol, he looks nothing like draco;) he was the last one we decorated so we had like no effort but it looks ok I guess(: x
CRASH: I-5 SB- left hand emergency lane @ Norwood
Warren's beard is 3/4 back.
Thanks for speedy support today. Setting up Ning network on subdomain is trickier than expected. Will deal with this tomorrow.
I LOVE UR NAILS
you must be quite the ladies man if that's the case.
I'm sure we'll post an update as soon as the site is ready. We're focusing on a much cleaner look, articles and downloads. ^NE
Don't u hear me calling u?
I love the wildlife in Washington DC, especially squirrels!
till next Friday yes we r
dang thats pretty swank
Going to see you at Millions of Milkshakes tonight! Will have to catch the show later on TiVo like all us other LosAngelites ;)
During a long wait 4 a table, don't make your wife/gf stand, holding the baby and the diaper bag while u only hold a beer.
RT "Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out" JW
Reading essays from seventh graders written for Black History Month. Love that they are so engaged with history!
Neighbor came by to chat with wife. Dinner done, yet on the stove between them.
craving the best iced latte on Fleet St ...wish you were open past 5:30!
"April is the cruelest month," said T.S. Eliot when asked about senioritis. Good luck, my friends!
#RedTails was excellent! So glad GL fought so hard for it
Son if niggas don't die this weekend they are complete faggots
Aww thank you! Wish you were there :)
half my tweets are dedicated to ashley benson wooop wooop!
Today I bought an actual, paper book from an actual, real, walk-into bookshop.
Excited for this week! Leading worship @ Coastline Fellowship in Astoria OR on Thursday, then @ Anahiem Calvary in sunny CA this weekend!
Going to bed annoyed is always fun.
umm, I'm 15, 16 on August :D Ive got medium brown hair, brown eyes and I think I'm a nice person :L tell me about you :) <3
Originality...I like it!
idk what to say about that
Today is all about beautifying our Ward. Headed over to the Rhode Island Clean-up next. Stay tuned for more pictures.
The way your brown hair ~ Falls ~ And how your eyes catch the moonlight ~ Or is it fire ~ Angel ~ There are no poetic lines...
I knw bra. Rem boston its went live
for some odd reason my niece thinks u r so totally hot ughh
#dayoff . Don't even know what to do with myself
Im loud because if im not, no one will here me!!!!
Miller beginning to play now!!!
She called from work and that put a smile on my face. <3
called me! hopefully work out a date for interview about music and words and la stories
Heading to #Ojai, CA this wknd for some much-needed R&R and celebrations with . Have a wonderful #Easter wknd, all!
Garmin® Expands Global Presence in the Automotive OEM Space with New Offices ... - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
<U+3010>RT<U+3011>If You're Online & Want More Followers
NOT teaching today. Still sick.
*announcer voice* What a move from james!
I'm telling you now. This film will disturb you. #devilinside #sound delivers the goods.
| Your account is live!
You can fav my tweet, but not text me back
CalCoastCU is showing pride in our community!
that's before he bitch slapped me. I thought I was so slick.
I'm apparently switching back and forth between sci-fi and YA. Back to sci-fi now.
Getting off the internet at night is often the hardest part of my day.
Dual streaming #makesxsw & #sxproxy anyone else live streaming?
Any gameplay #programmers with #ps3 experience interested in a #BayArea studio?
It doesn't take madness to become an artist, only to stay one.
dislocated knee
Those so-called "job creators" are doing a really BAD job, Mr. Bush. Where are the jobs?
Your the type of girl that if I knew you in person..I would fight you. JS.
Those in the flesh cannot please God. But you’re not in the flesh - Romans 8:8-9
Linguists have detailed scientific descriptions of only 10% - 15% of the world's languages; 85% have no real documentation at all.
Is that show anything like CSI?
funny that it wasn't that long ago that docs scoffed at the idea of having to market their practices.
8 years could turn into 44 for man convicted of meth charges
I feel dat...lol...ain't u?...correct me if i'm wrong...
It's Wed! You know what that means - $10 off all bottles, all night long.
Great tunes! Bring the band out to Chicago sometime.
I tried hard to win too. Think of how many movies we could make! :)
I added u in my bio ;^)
Is the secret beer??
good luck
Munching on goat's milk Mountain Jack. Lunch of Champions.
I'm not even latin king bro , chill out lml
Dear , Life is for Living. Hopping a flight to Paris. I'm at LAX as I tweet. Please don't tell my momma! Love, Lola
At least. Maybe 4K.
Thank u RT : Now Following Thanks for the follow. :)
Sweet PAS dreams are over! Wake up and face the nightmare! Lol
u cant
Replay of Beastie Boy tribute on now!
Happy Birthday to you!!!! <3
RT : New topic out of our earlier discussion. What's the most popular video game you've never played? < Halo
Agreed! RT : A3: Keep learning. If youre not learning then it may be time for a change
lol it's alright.
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good
Per grad student, RTP spends more than 3x more on R&D than comparable research parks.
except for the article about boro gallery.... I hope u liked it:)
wondering same thing :-/ just came across it on fb
You mean there's more MAGIC to Mitt than just his underwear?!?
I want some Auntie Annie's :}
TONIGHT #4sqdaySD: Chance to win #car2go gift bag including: t-shirt, coffee mug, sunglasses & 60 FREE driving mins
i really don't think age matters, i used too until i started dating my boyfriend. but he's the best thing that's happened to me.
The girls are the cutest -u and your wife must have your hands full.
Pretty pumped that A. It's already Thursday B. I have a kickass costume and C. It's beautiful outside.
matt saracen, cheech, peace corps (?), dope snake.
between options A, B, and C, don't be afraid to chose Q.
Why is the female reproductive system so damn complicated?! I'm a female and I still have no idea what the fuck is going on.
Congrats! That should last at least a few minutes.
Just saw gay you on 1 train
I think they do but green has way less and is supposed to be good for your skin.
Kenji ... will send you link ... also, Kenji Off Topic, let's plan to do something for Josh & Yang before they leave.
Wait a sec, you have a boss?
lmao I want to meet him so bad! And him be like u! Ur the one! Omg I would die and seriously Vin and u I can see it!
Also #FF 's official cheerleader/model :-)
It's real late where we're at. What music is taking you through the night? #nowplaying Alice in Chains - s/t
I'm totally owning this database. I WILL RULE YOU
I miss the words you used to tell me.
Stoked to be a guest speaker tonight at SDSU's American Marketing Assoc.'s meeting!
Your fire response mashup is a truly great example. Hope more across the country take your open, fact-based approach.
1 more final to go!
going where?
Sounds like a plan (:
Watching AMA Awards! Mary did her thang! Rihanna should have got the award not Beyonce.
WOW! Can't do much worse than that!!!
Looking forward to my training presentations next week at & !
Off to school ! Oh joy -___-
“Today act as if it's impossible for you to fail! Don't fake it till you make it- just change your thoughts to "I can't fail!" #leader”
A lot of the time, I have no hope for the human population; then I meet someone who just is a caring person and it blows me away.
Divine: “: Love eating tomatoes when they are fresh off the vine and still hot from the sun.”
azsxcfbghy8io90[=-]\ oops! my turtle, Pete, just walked across my keyboard. thats his Tweet, ya heard?
Creigton did their best to lose that one
I hate to break it to you, but if your reaction to the problem was to tweet about it there is probably no hope for you. ;)
I AM! Kiss him for me.
So Random (:
Americans spend approximately $25 billion each year on beer.
I am totally stoked about being introduced in NJ for the Cape May #marac meeting.
Can't Wait to see what's in store for this holiday season..!
That's Dope. Let Me Know When I Can Check Out That Music Video
Yup I'm so mad and disappointed.
alright . I'll see if I can get mon mon, but I doubt it:/
I would love to hear what this person says... And your reply :D I would def badger someone who could say such a thing.
Good Morning!!
Hi, Kait. Nice to find you on twitter. Hope life is good.
Enjoy! Love Napa
Feels like an elephant if sitting on my chest...
no... Just hot aside.
What some companies fail to see is that from their customers' viewpoint, their products, and brands are viewed as one entity. Chuck Martin
In the Green Room at NY1. Hi, Pat Kiernan!
The response to your contribution #MastersPOV is overwhelming - Inspirational, a Joy to listen to, a true Master! Much love!
I personally love it. Happy to talk more offline about why...
things that could be said in any decade RT Rest stops creep me out
“The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in.”
im so tired now :Z.
rocks! No inventory on the shelf for the item I wanted. Downloaded iPhone app & found 18 in store. That how tec should work.
and cant wait for ur WEDDING ;) Ill Be The One Throwing Flowers!! x
It was not until I was 30 that I went to Europe. Since then: 32 conducting ventures there
an excellent day :) lots of school work tomorrow...wish me luck! <U+2665>
I do not like being sick!!!
Gearing up for our 7th Annual Gala! Just got a huge shipment of wines from for our auction!!!
Who needs donuts when you can enjoy a Chick-fil-A Shake? Come in today purchase a large shake and get a free chicken sandwich!
is the best female rapper I ever heard ;) <3
ur either born and raised knowing the code...or you NOT. Can't teach it to grown azz ppl.
Ladies: Remember each morning when you put on makeup, somewhere in the world a clown is starting his day doing exactly the same thing.
great (: how is fly?
thanks for the mention!!!!
There are three sides to an argument, your side, my side, and the right side
I don't have puppies!
Church on a Saturday morning...
Yes baby, it&#39;s Spring! Let&#39;s spring!!!!
Who knew Shatner was so metaphorical
To be honest I love TCAP week because after we do absolutely nothing.
You are so welcome. Your report on under age drinking was excellent!
pretty sad, huh? We are trying to reduce that number!
dude we need need u here longer than thursday.. U see what Barea did to us in the playoffs?
what's wrong with short niggas?
Good morning & Happy Friday. :-)
that's so unfair.
I'm fascinated by the correlation b/ween progress in #arttherapy and #language development.Want 2 learn so much more!
haha i know! It made me think of us because we would do that!
ill take a Danish over a donut
Reports of Kevin Youkilis on the field at Fenway playing catch. Some type of good news for the #RedSox?
Secret Services not allowed any secret services of their own. Shame.
awesome idea guys...just bought one, thanks!
Too many females under-estimate me because imma small guy
these hoes man , make me feel 50
Glad you like it! :-)
In these notes I portray (and can see for myself), how hardware changed over twenty years, say. Quotes from older books to new.
Zou Bisou Bisou is stuck in our heads now thanks to the season premiere of Mad Men. The tone of the show feels so different now, no?
So who was the weirdo that sent me a *request* on #YahooMessenger Crazy fuck.
In my eyes, you get more points for being faithful in a relationship than you do for "Getting a lot of bitches."
Good Morning! Hope the day is off to a good start!
Have to admit its growing on me too. Especially after that digital short. Hilarious.
Its MOVING DAY!!!!!!
Sounds like ponds are getting stocked this weekend (or sooner!)
come to milwaukee!! <33 i just bought a necklace that says barbie :)) and its obvi that i love you
I have such an immense love for my apartment.
“: I hate when people call me kayla. It's MIKAYLA okay.” mikayla :)
Dr house is AWESOME
WHEW In spite of 3 hour delay, still made my connecting flight - thanks 2 awesome Frontier airlines crew!
Thing that I learned today is a thing: Pferdewirtschaftsmeister certification. The DOCG of horse breeding.
yea but im also sick.
you know... when you like someone... you know what a good topic to discuss is? religion. jkkk, this is gross.
m 89% humidity before 9am... DEELIGHTFULL!!!!! *locks all doors and windows*
I hope Mitch Daniels realizes he's digging his own political grave.
We are making the flyers as we speak! 5 course dinner @ Saki Tumi, admission upstairs, Free Saki Bomb Bar, TYKU, RedBull, Free
i'll buy a shitty, old, cheap TV, turn on ESPN then punch it in the face.
That's surprising.
Tonight at Coral Gables with Conjunto Progreso and latenight with El Pikete @ Caribbean Nights Club @ 8th st. Greetings!
Created group for march madness brackets on espn. Shared link on Facebook. Group name is: MAT Life Password: davidisgod
Proving what I always said: Most evangelicals are extremely conservative. That's what they care about.
Just had a Charles Anderson / Jerry French moment
That movie kicks ass. RT : This Eric Bana movie "Hanna" - its like she's Newt from Aliens, but as an assassin
I just found out has a show in DC tonight! I'm so there.
Any clue how after a 3 hour layover in Denver, someone's bags couldn't make it from your airline to United?
Southern Ivy is send out well wishes to those in Alabama hit by the tornado
Do you consider it a compliment or are you horrified? Maybe somewhere in the middle? ;)
forsure just ask me tomorrow!
Today's letters of the day: O, K, & C. Thank you
As you are shaping your story for the media, think of some kind of twist. For example: Dog bites man. Who care? Man bites dog. Lead story.
REALLY--that cannot be the Fox news mogul/hacker?? Say this is a parody account and I'll LOL. @ jonsnowC4
are you going to school today?(:
Football, Halloween, Thanksgiving, Holidays and then ... returns on NYE, get your ALL-INCLUSIVE $99 tickets this week.
My babydaddy still hasnt said happy mothers day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Brewers on the west coast... meaning in effect, they aren't playing for me... game starts at bedtime.
RT : when are you going to write a column about the real athletes? i'll send you my headshots if you need
yes do it. I might need to now. I want to watch Raiders of the Lost Ark
It's a jaw droper, isn't it? I had a hunch something was up when I saw Carl's T shirt during the cold open...
glad i saw this tweet, now im not gonna leave for another couple hours haha
Great presentation from today!
Getting rid of unwanted cars in Atlanta, GA, be it running or not running, can frustrating, but it could be easy if you call the right...
Today was actually pretty good
Just played in the snow a little with Lil... unfortunately still grossly hungover
it's not just cc:
Friday Humor: "If you think something small can't make a difference, try going to sleep with a mosquito in the room." ---Unknown
A bit bored, anyone have any good stories?
About 99% of 2010 is booked--Rhapsodomancy only has a couple of slots left for writers this year. Incredible. Will book for 2011 in summer.
if you need me, i'll be in my happy place
| Thanks for the Madge link...even micro-marketers love Madonna!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool when the fuck do I get out of here
Bout to break this fucking phone
I will. Send u a pic
Please god, let me meet this year.
Jus gat in been on da drive all day
Mazel tov! I'm sort of a real adult...wonder how long I can be a hipster hah
Nike's marketing communications budget at an all-time high, but its advertising spend at all-time low, under 13% of total (via AdAge)
#android phones need better geolocation logic. When I was in Denver, it thought I was in Portland. Now I'm in Baltimore, and it says Denver
kicked out of the football game tonight and soon to be kicked out of the game on Saturday. Bama down, Clemson to go
Keep up the good work, Kayla! We are fans of young entrepreneurs here at Have you heard of ?
hope you and your family are doing well!
I just told you, private donations from UNLV to Findlay to keep him in there.
I didn't say it was a bad thing.
Food baby, courtesy of Georgia Brown's.
also, dweeb was spot on.
Good night.
right next to the corner office - my boss' office - will she be next in my battle for Indiana Tourism Office Domination? ;)
If I had my way, things would be totally different. Still gonna keep hope alive though. :)
Me too! It's gonna be great!
Slow jamming the news. A genius political move by
I'm also bribing myself to meet grading goals--if I meet my goal for the weekend I can buy the shirt I want. ;)
guh,boys r so aggressive! still love you thou pizza =]
Young saints, old devils. <U+82E5><U+3044><U+3046><U+3061><U+306E><U+4FE1><U+5FC3><U+306F><U+5F53><U+3066><U+306B><U+306A><U+3089><U+306A><U+3044><U+3002>
Business from Israel, Ynetnews
God Morning ! (: You need to get in yo Morning Spirit heffa . Whatss wrong with these kids now-a-days lmfaoooooooo j/k
thanks bridget! :)
*run point*
A man is a worker. If he is not that he is nothing. -Joseph Conrad
When I'm gone...
Play this for her: Megamix Aventura 2011 by DJ Mauro (Ecuador) If She fall in Love Bet me Youll buy her a house from Me. I Got them 4 Cheep
It's December already?! What happened to November?
Our trainers are so empathetic and helpful! They want to know your specific goals (and problem areas!...no kidding). Ask for Big Dan.
Dear #OccupySeattle. Pls review how Anti-SOPA crowd won their war. Clear message + influential voices + common sense = Adoption by the 99%
if you are a #ucla alumni in the seattle area, follow us on twitter
Kyrie Irving sitting with Pat Riley??? What's that about? He better have game next year.
happy birthday!
Thanks for the mention. Have a great weekend.
A nice little bus to come pick up my family in Fishers and drop us off in front of Bankers Life?!
Finally watching The Fighter
M just demolished a mango <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Check us out! Especially if you like Breathe Carolina, And then there were none, or 3OH!3. We're legit and playing vegas soon.
which strip club in Lexington did you go to in your book?
I just read a blog, "School Administration is for old people". The author was serious. If that was the case, I would not be a principal.
l always wish my favorite writers would have written (or will continue to) write more. :)
Your national audience is getting a taste of why the UK-U of L rivalry is stronger, more bitter, and just better than Duke-UNC.
Act like a whore, youre gonna be called a whore.
RT : I'm so happy for
I want to be in Miami right now -___- -Brooke
and yes. I swapped out Du Du for Meer Meer in the re-tweet tweet.
RT : Yep, that's right. Tap Trivia is back.
Just heard my first reminder on the radio not to fire guns on new years eve...hopefully the hillbillies and gangsters listen to sports talk
#fml Potter when I was a child, Twilight when I was a teen & now Hunger Games. Can't I have a kids book just for me?!
That's surely hits the spot!
Im so lucky to have an amazing guy in my life.
Went to a sketchy parking lot carnival but had such a blast with the new bf :)
why do i keep wanting to eat?
that was scary
Its true -> RT : Not sure why it took me until 2011 to admit this, but, yes, Rumours is (still) one of the best albums ever.
TO: annoying girl complaining about being lactose intolerant MSG: Try drinking a glass of SHUT THE FUCK UP. You'll feel better.
WTF Pittsburgh? I've been evacuated from campus buildings 3 times today.
ALBUM IS OUT.. RETWEET THIS , HIT ME UP, POST AH COMMENT ( IF U NEED AH COPY !)
Thank you! Glad you liked it :)
seriously though.. Tonight was SO. MUCH. FUN. I bawled my eyes out! I don't know why! Hahaha! I wanna see that video soon!
I didn't know was a golf reporter
College oh college how i dont miss you this week...work oh work...you're killing me.
Getting ready for Bay Area to LA to Vegas trip :-)
delicious!!! Enjoy
ok I'll go to your class lol, and alright I'll take them tomorrow ^.^
Streaming noir binge going on all up in here.
Amen sir
THEY ARE YOUR ROLE MODELS.
"Funny thing about honesty is it's not only a gift to other people, it's a gift to yourself." -- at 's Lavender Grad.
Small Business Awards: Central Star Credit Union emerges from ...
Fun set last night! Thank u to all who showed support!
#NP "Take a Look at My Life" Fat Joe
Do you ever find yourself talking to someone you'd rather not talk to, but there's someone close by that you REALLY want to avoid?
If we get 1000 followers on March 1, we'll officially be happy.
u mean so that they dont ppl who want handouts or ppl who arebt that skilled?
I admit, I really miss how things used to be. But I can also admit, that I’ve accepted the fact that things changed.
Okay Lol. O.o
text me to tell you tomorrow's plan ;)
boyfriend will soon have jajajajaja <U+2665>-<U+2665>
Raul can be a yankee legend here
No just tanning beds because of that lady who brought her little girl in the tanning bed with her.
Hearing the death of 2 local teenagers makes me appreciate my life that much more.
Putting my face on
any time
Spring sprouts trees, fleas, bees...and doody? Call #DoodyCalls today, we take care of spring #poop for both dogs and #cats. $20 off now
Seeking commission-based online sales and SEO manager; part-time and virtual OK; on-site OK too. If capable of web dev, then gigs open, too.
#BuildDayMemories showing up @ 10 o clock every last one of them. Ahaha
#aiip12 switching from to for conference/ for LLC here on out
The mantle of #leadeship is for your shoulders- not trophies.
This gets the Rachel Stark Seal of Approval.
Guys apparently don't know what they're asking for when they say they want a gamer gf. Cuz they bitch n whine when their 360 is being hogged
right. It's free to think freely.
Thx so much for helping the Marquez Community w/ relocating the proposed LADWP Substation!!! #Bigsmiles!
New post: Edge Memory DiskGO! 500 GB Hard Drive
LOL. Truth. So help me.
Days just slip and slide like they always did. Trouble is my head won't let me forget.
IF YOU HAVE WENT TO www.flawlessmoneygang.com YOU MISSING OUT ON SOME S**T SO GO HIT THAT B***H UP. AND SAY WHAT YOU THINK
Most impressive thing abt the PPE gathering is the absolute love & passion everyone here has for photography.
You know, I can dig the "new life burgeoning within me" thing, but not sure about the "all my organs being squashed into my ribcage" thing.
I need a #Salty shirt !!
hahaha “: Probably the worst thing you can do to a person is leave them a voicemail.”
loving the She&Him Christmas album!
Yup. I get killed in MUTATION 2 and wrote his film BARRICADE.
Looking forward to walking my dog along the lake later today in Madison.
New garage/punk/rnr night starts in a few hours at ! Drink specials galore, including new Melissa's martini special!
i just want to high five all the Mavs Fans!
Iron Man.
why? What happened? The app isn't working! :(
um yea I miss my baby
#MahoneToNashville! Get it trending!!!
Thanks, you too!
Booty tweeting?
eating unnecessarily right now but its nachos and its free....
awkward when you love another guy while you think your in a relationship with Matt...
that's called bullshit umpiring kids
RT : “Spring is the time of plans and projects.” -Tolstoy, Anna Karenina
LMAO ... RT : winner winner chicken dinner
Flat tire today. Hour and a half at Costco on beautiful Sunday afternoon. Rats!
I'm pooping. It looks like you. Cc
U soft as hell sneak dissin on twitter
These are some gawdly cupcakes.
QoTD: "The most difficult thing in the world is to know how to do a thing and to watch somebody else doing it wrong, without comment." ...
Lots of interest in storytelling, urban planning, job creation, tech and ed, youth entrepreneurship.
i'm waiting to see if the police try to quash their "legal" protests and then make judgment
Now following
about being ran over by a bus
Thanks to for treating my bro and his now fiancé (!!!) like royalty at Park Hyatt this weekend. Good to have CFFs in high places;)
Shower Time .
i voting for u like crazy but please follow me:)?? PLEASE ILY<3
Lesson of the day...if u want things done right do them yourself
Wow! WTG Lakers! :D hehe... and MUST be happy
Thanks for showing up, Norfolk State.
No apology either? After being 45 minutes late picking me up? Wow, fuck you too asshole.
This is hilarious! #archivesfilms to bad I'm too brain-dead and busy to think of some of my own!
fyi: my lyre/eye #logo design was created by Michael Segal () and Lunalux's Jenni Undis (). my friends are
Sometimes a push is a win
#Tabata w/ a double header today? Don't mind if I do!
im good bruh just back in the 305, u know... Hows everything for u? Sn sorry to hear about your boi back at the crib...
: Healthcare: There has been no more important pursuit in the history of the world.
Just landed - Returned to a beautiful day in the District of Columbia!
We’ve been updating a couple times a day for a little more than a week. Do you guys like the increase in updates? Or is it too much?
its really good :) you?
We've just started #RVA! It's not raining in the 23220 zip code so COME ON OUT! #BlackLove Fest TODAY!
OMG STOP BLOWING UP MY PHONE. I JUST WANNA LIVE MY LIFE.
it would be real fun to get crun wit y'all to real talk I bet.
just told me the background of my painting looks like baby poo. Good start!
No, it's inspiration. Bend that book into being! You're an idea bender.
no it ain't , but whatever . Thas on u then , we was about ta leave
#AmericanIdol Jessica Sanchez–Safe Joshua Ledet–Safe Phillip Phillips–Safe Hollie Cavanagh–Voted Off Idol
I've actually never had either but mine are Blue Mist and Safari Melon Dew. They hit so smooth.
Mathematicians can soon use Chaos Theory to show failure to dissolve the big banks, or let Greece default, led to uncontrollable cataclysms.
Still....catching up with my day
Hey Dude, Are you gunna be at volumes on march 8th? #
I had a bunch of testing this week!! -.- Now we are going to every class tomorrow. Well... Better get started on homework I didn't do. -.-
-- I'd been a type inference hater for too long. It's 2012 and I am a born again typester.
Jazz in the park tonight!!
Looking forward to reading these gold nuggets :)
we didnt have enough ammo to shoot me thru the course so i didint shoot :/
RT In a nation of 315 million people we have 115mm full time workers and 26.7mm part time (1-34 hours) workers. Not thriving!
I usually say "we have a few favorites." ;)
#JustRememberThat when one door closes another one opens
I repeat: if you had to Instagram it, it wasn't worth tweeting.
Fuck I hate this shit >:o
I wish I could listen:/ soccer, rehearsal, then dance....:(
there ain't nothing to do except watch the fight.
Happy Independence Day!!! :D
RT : #DYK? Some working families who purchased homes from had been spending up to 70% of their income on rent!
Never forget the power and importance of the number three.
Looking For a Purpose
I think about you all the time. R u the same with me?
I wanna kick back & relax 2day..... Nigga ain't got time 2 be stressing
“: y'all know you liked my corner kick(; #FIRSTGOAL #defenderskill” THAT MADE MY LIFE
Oh the New Orlean Style BBQ shrimp at Lou & Mickey's is just incredible. Firey but sweet. Four yums up!
Birthday cookies???
“: Ed Camp unconference in Baltimore October 20! #AIMSTech12” Guess the cat is out of the bag now! Follow us
Almost got hit by a car in midtown, and not even jaywalking. Bystanders tell me I have "good reflexes."
Nick used to do those ads on 610: "It's like freakin' Vegas without the hookers!" Not mentioning Escape next door.
Hahaha I die every time.
no the DVD is just for me to give out hen I sing at churches or gospel sings
I love my girl friends!!!
“: I wonder what and gotta say now!!”< will always love my #CELTICS thru wins & losses!
oh, haha thanks! and i loved your project :)
Pretty sure I made some people aware of your birthday, and now they'll probably write on your wall when they wake up. Sorry :(
not yet at least.
chicken breast sounds like the right move. lol
Another great day at the office! about to for our team meeting, then hittin it hard!. DADA Life tonight!!
intelligentsia coffee, with a french press, in the kitchen - killed it!
Woo-hoo! Very excited about this, needless to say.
#SPSS skillset increasing in value. Web and ecommerce too. U should start ur own
RT : Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Beginning West Wing series rewatch, spotted Marc Grapey in first 30 seconds of the pilot.
Anti- #Bullying Speaker #Christian for school assemblies, Private & Public
inn latin class bout bored as hell cnt wait til it's ova
kuz ur both pigs #duh lmfao! " A cop just winked at me.... #creeps smh"
I luh so much, like omg. She's my bby....EVERYONE FOLLOW THAT HOTTY.
has anyone told you how cute you are ?<3
RT -PMG Artist Kamary Phillips gave a brilliant concert yesterday in Marburg Germany in a location overlooking the city! RT
Austin Mahone's voice is like so soft... it's true :) haha
Can't wait to get to the b shop to get this beard and hair cut so I can look young again
LIL LOUIS!!! <3 follow me please??
haha yes. sorry i was on da phone. im sad, we didnt get the pic lol. dumbass night time
he killed me after a week
Don't you feds have medical personnel everywhere? get it looked at
Thank you so much! I always write to myself first, I'm glad you were helped too!
My pleasure you have some good music so it will be fun! :)
*stale face*
Still can't figure out how to get my tweets to show up in my box on my home page on facebook
had the best day today with my bestfriends <3
Sadly, not this year. Sorry.
15th-seeded Lehigh just shipped Duke home, 75-70 Now that's Logistics. What can you do to capitalize on this?
any movement in the Dade job?
i love you(:
HAIZAD IMRAN I thk I can faint anytime soon you guys shld seriously watch the music videos on Suria la. He is wearing red skinny eh FUH
This is so terrible that I might actually watch the Celtics.
oh dear god - a whole new generation if Fart Apps would be born.
Amazing entrepreneur-driven commercial space flight soon to launch. Sign me up.
#LPR2012 Annual Retreat this Friday!
grateful for ur Worship last night! Ur awesome!
I'm looking for an experienced writer who can take an existing tween game IP and provide copy for print, tv, and web
I've realized that I learned my "work voice" from the movie, The Secret to my Success.
no! I put it as my status AND you liked it so YOU should've told me -.-
I get the feeling they thought, "Well, bless her heart! Poor thing can't afford steak, I'll put xtra bacon on her salad & potato!"
MAJOR TWEAK!!
See details about Features to Consider before you Buy an IP Camera Features to Consider before you Buy an IP Camera
Can u imagine Steve Jobs shut out? Not many great ideas have PRESS by their side or finances. Silently, many use personal funds.
Touche! It definately wasn't on the D. Maybe some coaching also on the prevent D. Made Tebow look suspicious for 58mins
I'm dragging today! Is it Friday yet?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BOO <3333 I love you :) I hope your birthday is amazing and that you don't lose your pants. <U+E34B><U+E437><U+E33A><U+E310><U+E312><U+E32A>
*waves back*
get better fast sir!
Hair is getting lighter and skin is getting darker, starting to feel like summer(:
As I told 1 of my opponents Feb '12 when he walked by my house, but must have bad memory, I won't except city pension.
At least you have them ": Why can't we get an coffee shop on every corner instead of Starbucks?"
please follow me :D22
So pumped for this Afrojack concert on Wednesday!
For Mother's Day my 83 yo mom just bought herself a new tablet. Go Mom!
thank.you SIS !!:)
thanks for the follow
RUSSELL TO SEATTLE!!! Yeah
it's their problem not yours!
You should smell it ... I don't care how desperate I am, that is not happening! I banned it from coming anywhere near me.
Headed back to LA!
ahh damn got excited for a sec. Thanks my man! SOON!
yea about that....kinda takin tomorrow off if u didn't see my earlier tweets
If you want to #ff an amazing group of women, read my last tweets. XOXO!
Thought && prayers.
That feeling we all get when we hear talk about his new music.. #proud #excited but most of all scared he might forget us<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Catholic Pagans - Surfer Blood
The master of any game is generally a master of practice.- George Leonard (Mastery -- the Keys to Success and Long-Term Fulfillment)
Anything that is slow just really frustrates me
Me too! So want it! RT : Love Kara's low end tuxedo jacket!
what time?
Fabulous dinner at Ink with and her friend - holy cow. I can't believe I have the luck to work with these extraordinary people.
Africa tech and women panel about to begin here at #sxsw. Are you here? No! You should be! Att conf center
Join our facebook page to keep track of our sales and give aways at www.facebook.com/LVHCG
A hearty #FF for fellow KOB friends with new twitter accts: ,
Book Of Norm: Friendster Will Be Bigger Than Facebook
Did our expected foot of snow really just change to rain?
haahah he wont! besides he was the one ignoring us!!!
You're my favorite song
Visit ALA Convention booth #2401 in D.C. 6/23-30 or online at www.neal-schuman.com for a 20% discount! Use coupon code ALA10A.
At sea its a crazy feelin on this cruise def gotta go next yr
Got a new i-fone....amazing
ich bin gut!
What is your favorite fast food/quick serve burger?
Leaving work.
I wanna meet you and the Boyz so bad! I only live in New York but my mom won't take me to meet and greets. </3
Your supermarket is Nijiya or Mitsuwa, right?
#TheVandals or head bang in a lead helmet.
aright is this twibbon thing ever gonna feel like telling us that we have more than 1 supporter or....
Make sure to stop by your local record store, hot topic, or best buy and get the new cd today! I promise you will <3 it! :)
Yeah he is... what was that 3rd program I wanted to axe... WTF! Most of them are... Rob Paul knows what up
BEEN UP ALL THEY
Hey , BLS tracks by occupation, not industry. Private and public lawyers would be together in the same occupation, for example.
For some reason Twitter thinks that we are playing Hard Rock Nashville tonight :FALSE - but we thank you Twitter for your continued support!
OH: I'd like some clarification around the rules surrounding tourettes
Shenaigans at the mall
My little cousin soo sweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
On lunch break
who are your man crushes?
Another great #HCLA day! Starting at
at least this last time I got hit it was a drunk guy! Lmao
I better not get dress coded tomorrkw
Happy Birthday bro
last night i was told that my name wasnt ron coleman because thats the body builders name lol
It's worth noting that, Nothing but #haikumonday, Can satisfy me!
Gotte love of tonite: had a bomb and sac bunt in same game!
#PotatoWeek begins tomorrow. I'm going to talk very frankly with you about it. It's my job to keep you informed & give you the facts. [1944]
I'm so excited to be taking new headshots next week! New year, new pictures:)
But there are two of us. And we're quick-witted and will thus run circles around everyone else
Saw ya on the big screen last night, Great game, good times.
its the ugly truth
Atlanta bound for the ACM Creativity and Cognition Conference
You know with #BBN you would lock that win up.
6.7 in the hole? And we ain't talking golf
": Ok when and where babe??" Was that meant for me?
#ValentinesDay is approaching and for 21 years havent been with anyone of #VDAY. No necessarily looking but just like damn wtf is up...
you lost everything
I often tease him about never having to hear, "Will you reach that for me?" I'm over a foot shorter than him!
Holy shit. Just ran 8 miles. Bring it on, Broad St. I can take you.
Happy Friday
you're just like
No one can change a person , but a person could be the reason someone changes.
I'm just chillinnn <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083>
No one dies a virgin, life screws them all.
300 violins #josequintero the only thing getting me threw the library
You're not coming to #DevLearn this year?
Referring to a woman's pregnant belly as a "bump," love it or hate it?
Twitter jail D:
Followers plz go on to check out
We are, like, almost done mixing.
I wish I had an accent.......-british (1D)
Eden was absolutely EPIC last night. We will have pictures up later this week. Thank you all who made it out!
Keep doing it young fella, take care and stay blessed!!!
still more
Indy Reads Volunteer Orientation on Friday, Jan 20th from 11am-1pm. Start the new year right & teach someone to read. 275-4040 to register
.. They Just Too Ratchet To Explain.. LMBO
: sir, your comic irreverence and keen powers of observation offers me a good deal of delight. most obliged!
Lets go
“ TONIGHT brand NEW episode of La La's #FULLCOURTLIFE on at 9pm! We hook up on a few dates!! Gonna be a good one! RT”
just a regular hump day for me! And u?
Why don't any 26 year olds I know look like as Uncle Jesse? They just don't make 'em like they used to...
Happy birthday to Jensen Ackles today!
Ugh what am I supposed to do with myself now that I've completed the entire Hunger Games trilogy in five days flat.
Think like a man was still good the second time around #michaelealy :D
When will movie come out? LOL.
Watching Lord of the Rings until I fall asleep! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>
Torturing yourself with depressing songs when you're already sad.
I love The Last Resort!!
Beautiful Work Re: DWTS Rob & Smooth Moves - Congrats!
For those with a good translator, is a rare Brazilian specimen of soccer-philosopher, worth following.
WTF! Who cares about rerun Romney when those kids died in
There is an intrinsic profundity within simplicity... -MindFirstFitness
Hip pain has been horrible today. 6 mth post-op and I'm still miserable.
no vodka
MA: Two universalizing disciplines—cybernetics & Marxism—attempt a legitimacy exchange in the GDR. Uneasy synthesis fails.
RT I could write and film an episode of Justified faster than it's taking to download on this Boingo Hotspot.
yes we did...
I Guess I Might Wear A Dress Today...
Kevin Bacon would be awesome if his last name were sausage!
Am I the only one she talk to ?
Drinks are always welcome!
I like to yell when I run.
the older i get i see the symbols every where, its so obvious yet they still are blind
REAL stupid.
Hey , please e-mail: if you would like to join our Chatt #StreetTeam. Free tickets for promoters!
Fact that last night's bus home broke down (twice) and this morning's has taken an hour to go 4 miles does not bode well for rest of week.
will present the UNHCR case study and introduce the new major release eXact LCMS...
your puppy is too cute prince. awww hes just so adorable,congrats on ur new puppy
So excited for a #DNation takeover of tomorrow night from 5-8! Come get your drink on and support the fight against cancer!
Thanx! So far, so good. India is an eye-opener--I'll be presenting in *my* sari tomorrow, if I have the nerve.
smart idea, "Sell the whole,not the parts"- , public private partnrshp2 increase international travel2 US...
SOPA and KONY just left everyones mind all of a sudden
Jas will be mad at me, but OKC is winning this series. Lol
I'm so yolo cause I got ambition cause I get high to balance out my lows
#h vs #supershredder at
A snowy Wisconsin evening- perfect night for a whiskey cocktail!
Who told you that? LOL
Gonna scream in my moms face and say "HAPPY MOTHERS DAY WAKE UP!!!" such a good daughter :)
Watching Doogie Howser, MD. Damn, NPH was sexy on that show. Looking at it now...he totally seems like a homo.
She has him messed up.... Time 2 move on budd....
RIP Adam Yaunch that shit is so sad 47 is too soon for anyone, cherish your life people
You and your party are trying to drag us to hell.
Just a friendly reminder for everyone to vote today! Text "107350" to 73774 to vote for us in the Pepsi Refresh Grant competition!
haha I love the revolving doors!:)
Guess I know where a small portion of my day is going
I need to loose more weight and it won't happen as fast as I want :( Need to figure out a healthy way to do that, hm
"now I'm gonna be going to jail because made me push a button" ~ hahaha can't wait for punkd!
ball so hard university
hate u.... and u can delete ur number from the ur tweet
The more you watch tv the more your competition will kick your a$$- gitomer.
Come on
Had #thehungergames for mere hours. 6 chpts in and tough to put it down.
I need a new group of boys, these niggas are never down for an adventure
haha how about we just kidnap the whole band n we choose our own in who we wanna keep I call dips on Harry!
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3 2
I work to support net neutrality in the US/EU, interested in chatting?
love you too. Love my fans
Don't compare your life to others' - you don't know what their journey is all about or what challenges they face.
What do you call a fake macaroni? An impasta
Happy St. Patty's Day Everyone!! Cheers to a foggy Sunday for most!
You call it "jealousy". I call it "fear of losing you"
Found the opportune time to toss something to someone, is when the walk into a room with a cup of coffee in hand. That was funny.
i know so idk sigh
tx for the mention. Lookin' forward.
Seems like it's been forever
How might civility be part of the heteronormative matrix? How might "peaceful" be domestication? Is violence posthuman?
#underthemistletoe has my daughter blasting Christmas Songs... Love her being in the Christmas spirit!
because it has a clever twitter-bio and because computers make me happy.
I Hope Everyone Has A Great Day ! <3
get at me, i'm putting one together
Following, feel free to follow back. Thanks for RT of article.
haha I know
ur going to be in good company at #aade11 early reg numbers r huge better get set for lots of #Diabetes Educators
Just finished all my follow backs :] Thanks everyone! Hope to be at 200 by next week. Have a great day!
not to leave any one in wonder, Maya Angelou was...a wonderful speaker!
there is always that one person you can tell anything to, no matter what it is. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
state insurance company|Tips for choosing the right car insurance
Nice to tweet-meet
Got asked to Prom by Brit<U+2764>on May 12th ..gotta see if I can go down there now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I'm just tweeting now.. But seroously tho I could go for 1 of those
haha shut up!! Or I'll come down stairs and kick your ass!
Tackito's, chocloate milk and The Bad Girls Club= A good time(:
That's the truth!
Were 49 followers away frm 4000! Help us get there. Get yer friends 2 follow us N put us in yer #FF's! Its fans like U that make us grow RT!
We want to borrow & scan family photos for THE INDIANAPOLIS ALBUM--too many people have cool old photos hidden in their albums and attics.
love to hear from fellow fans!
“Ah, Los Angeles! … all of you ghosts of this room, just you wait, because it will happen, as sure as there’s a God in heaven.” — John Fante
All my texters fell asleep...
“: "Its rare of me to eat something out"- words of kevin tonight, I'm still dying!” lmao!!!!
It's like I tell The Boy every morning: "You can dance if you want to. You can leave your friends behind. 'Cause your friends are ass-hats."
I swear I'm a lesbian on the inside
I want to meet while she's in San Antonio(:
Damn I forgot my charger at home.
haha! no dear, your so silly. But both nuggets, yellow and furry are adorable!
How was Les Miserables in London?
* i like Asap Rocky , Currency , drake , wale . . . .just to name a few .
Thanks for following us - your fellow Cajun Cooker! Off the streets for next week - headed home for Carnival - so hold it down!
We want to hear from you! What have you learned from failure?
sorry if im evil to you today. im in a bad mood..
What news did i miss?
In OK you can get a ticket for driving with a cracked windshield. Each city & county can ticket you. You can get multiple tickets.
Taylor back on the floor for the
FACT: While America is watching the State of the Union address, we're working on songs. Nothing against
oh cool, and yes I am :D
Great! Let's plan something. Maybe you could float some burgers up the river to The Edge. :)
That was such a nerve racking game! Soo happy for Zeller and the Carolina boys. Now, let's go IU!
Bring a food donation to support #NeighborsWithoutWalls & get a discount, use the extra money to support who'll be there
The first smart move would be to offer you a show...:-)
Thank God you're okay<U+E022>
fjlkajd i was dying
IDK how people can not like school thats where i meet almost all my friends and i have fun its how i stay in the drama loop i like school
sound checking nao.
We film nationwide! We'd love to talk about opportunities. Please DM your email address & Carolyn LeCroy will contact you.
The CHOCOHOLIC is back! Chocolate chip chocolate cake, filled with chocolate whipped cream then dipped in ganache! Stop by today!
Omg are you serious? That's way to long:O
It's hard to believe I have been up for 5 hours already.
I never said she wasnt.
when i first read this, i thought you meant your actual family. lol. i was kinda worried.
"HAVE MORE FUN!"
RIP Guru
Girl you have a nice ass.
oh get used to it haha
Mostly because I know the shit they're gonna tell me is dumb as fuck and doesn't work for grown relationships only high school ones
i like my neighbor
No one is really tweeting about the #drake concert. Either its really bad or really good.
All girls are beautiful in their own way no matter what shape,size or,skin color :-)
That's good. It should!
Let the one you love know it. Don't give up on them just because they've given up on themselves.
thank you! What kinds of spirits do you manage?
We drove 2 Queens 2day 2 pick up son's best friend from TX. His parents came 2 settle estate of a late aunt. He'll be with us a week.
I have the perfect solution to help you relieve this problem Jess! It involves my mouth and that wet pussy of yours! Up for it?
Sold my big Creative Magic item from the last portion. Still got some smaller items left! PM me for the list.
thanks chloe, i'll follow back soon as! on ipod & its not working, im fixing it:). -leanne
Ah, it works in FF, I think Flash was being buggy in my Chrome Canary build. Whoops...
RT - ready for the miami dolphins & dallas cowboys game.
#Otakon attendees vying for their second Bohero award. Early costumes lackluster. Hopefully they are saving their best for the weekend.
don't say it doesn't matter cause it's gonna matter to me <3
Nice! #ivotedyes RT : just mailed my YES votes (got to vote twice) for the SAG-AFTRA merger. It's time to stand united!...
What's poppin slime.
lol ohh so you're one of those guys who tried to play SOME kind of activity, so they played tetherball?
Shane Mosley took a beating!
All industries computerized when it made sense to do so. MU changed incentive structures. -
are u in a bad mood
Carrots with Ranch Sauce ")
That Victor just gets smarter and smarter.
Lol, okay? RT “: I fart. Why?... because it's the only gas I can afford.”
Yea I love TJ Maxx! LOL I went there earlier....
So tired of being in the wrong all my life!!! what do i do right????
definitely- a couple come to mind. but what kind of lake & lake activities/restrictions are you looking for?
In the last week, I've had dreams where I am Googling things, checking my email, and fixing my computer.
ahaha :) he is the best to cuddle with ! SO FRIKIN CUTE. I wann steal him from my brother xD
is that a fortune cookie?
just saw it too! Impressive! ;)
Las Vegas that is
Recurring #SOTU theme: Send me bills that do stuff we agree on. Can Congress resist sticking unpopular stuff in bills headed to passage?
#DontCuffThat if they have dated/ had sex with all your friends
Thanks!. I've heard of the socratic method, but it will be interesting to read about it being used with elementary students.
I don't hate you. I'm just not to excited about your existence.
This girl be wilding out lol
The shame... I'm such a sick-o
There are more tears shed over answered prayers than over unanswered prayers.
#FF ::: Need hot new music / nightlife promotion? GO FOLLOW>>>
fuckin ppl man. ur just makin it worse by writing retarded shit
RT : I intend to talk business tonight over chicken wings and lap dances <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>- thats how all the Real Bosses do it
I'm mad Lose
Thanks!! RT : follow back :) packers & cubs fan?
Holy shit Taco Bell is so awesome! If only I could stop eating it
crazy grandma fashion for life!!
Watching Oregon-USC game from 2002 on ESPN Classic. This Mike Williams kid can't miss.
what's good bro
AH! "The Gentlemen's Rant: Chris Brown and/or Restraining Orders" (yeah, you OWE me now, Travon.)
You ALL were fantastic. Dancer 2 Dancers; what you endure... and sacrifice... every night to make it... just... happen...
Why would we want to have 2 unions competing for the same “piece of pie” when we can merge & become stronger?
In the end it's always about money, not principle.
Oldie but goldie! Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
thank you sir
I just mute them. The guys I play with give them crap. Good enough.
Just saw the Governator at Barney's in LA.
merry christmas to you i hope your family is happy and helpful :)
There are few things as decadent as drizzling Nutella over reheated frozen raspberries.
Let's go Pacers!
Thanks everyone for coming out last night! Had an awesome time, saw some old friends and made some great new ones!
Guess everything has a reason to be
You hate it when that person's perfect but throws pity parties? Hypocrite.
YES I KNOW I DONT LIKE THE IDEA OF DAYCARE HERE IM EXCITED TO DO IT ALL MYSELF AT FIRST ANYWAY
Don't forget to spring forward this weekend
This day in history: my late dog lulu was born.
Mad at and for not being able to #lookslutty with me in the quad. Laying out by myself <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
ad there are those who make a living out of killing too ... So ?
Total #fart from the stand-up-pee in the stall behind me.
why do you never notice me :( I always say something
In Chicago. Got in right behind a big storm. All is well now, but Midway is pretty chaotic at the moment.
If you are in a Little Caesar's commercial, you probably hate yourself.
Proud of you guys! ": #pdxcc12 is donating leftover food from the conference to St. Vincent de Paul"
Everytime you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. ~ Mother Teresa
I know how he turned out.... and it frightens me sometimes >
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time. - Dean Acheson
Phoebe Sengers wins at all the things.
Life is a chance, benefit from it.
True Fact about Yunik I'm a very detailed person.
It's Friday and I don't see Rebecca Black anywhere! I guess that's a good thing!
Thanks for the shout out! Good luck!
And whoever I be with, they got nothing on you. That's just something to do when there's nothing to do.
Has been updating this page with her phone... but none of it has showed up. Anyone having the same issue?
Why so high on Kotsay? Really light bat, you don't want him getting that many AB's - production of a 7-9 hitter
It's troubling only if the murderers r not the ones u support ;) Every life matters or v r all disposable.
Tomorrow is our 1st anniversary....come and celebrate with us. #HelenBernardBakery is providing the cakes.....rsvp on our facebook site...
Missin my queen,she need to hurry up and come home...I love you bae
Gaby never answers my texts -_-
I came to win
Good Sunday morning twitterverse! I'm getting up to go for a run!
make two dreams come true but following me nd 14
man woman man woman
lol ok I'll tweet to you in october when they don't make the postseason haha
name the gym. U better have my money ready.
Happy to share message via the network
so I'm going to Raw tomorrow in Indy. I'm also turning 25 on Thursday. Bday rt's are cliche...can I get a happy bday on live tv?! =D
stretching the truth(:
Damn, another string of law and order episodes...I'll never get anything done.
So who's winning? ...and who's playing?
Perfect weather. :)
VOTE NOW for NEMESYS, to become the 106.7 KBPI's Best Band in Denver!
Wish I was there, : With and ED MRiddle! (@ 54 Mint)
Hey Twitter! Show your Label7 <3!
Happy mothers day three times over!
We're already taking reservations for Halloween weekend! Big plans? Never go out on an empty stomach! Reserve today at 305.673.1312.
Remembered they were in my car. Never sprinted so fast in my life.
She's 12 and you're what 17/18... Let me know how her baby sitter feels about that.
Had a fun evening with my fellow interns This weather is awesome btw. keep it up mother nature.
I learnt how to stitch yo yo's in my textiles lesson today
awh! Go after him:D
I'm happy to see less "happy 420" this year lol. Annoying as hell.
You never know what you got till it's gone....
Sometimes I like to turn off everything else and just listen to the sounds of life. Everything moves to a beat, & its a peaceful melody.
Virtual Luna*Cris: "The Holographic Hype-Man"
Forget the timepiece broach...look at the beads Randall is wearing. I can't with this dude.
The Bermuda Marathon is $60 and the Houston Marathon is $125. Same weekend.
Is that in that battleship movie?
Story on news tonight: Mother defends Botox injections for 8 year old daughter...Thoughts and comments?
Private team planes to every away game #wheredeydodatat..... SHOCKER NATION
have a great one!
we've had it for a while, just haven't been active.
What are some of your goals for the summer?
I love you
I picked up Anna&theFrenchKiss from a library display, read it 2x, then bought it in hardback. Pre-ordered Lola&theBoy.
Smoke session.
I feel ya Obama. I get scrapes and shiners playing basketball all the time and go into the office the next day to weird looks.
The crowd is cheering "We like Mike" at the Croc! #seamayor ^ec
#Badgers football practice starts Thurs, Mar 22. There will be 4 practices before Spring Break & 10 after, leading up to Apr 28 Spring Game.
Just found out drake is Jewish? #what?!
u have a little country going on there son
'Kay, I know it was a few hours ago but it wasn't offensive. You're funny and everyone's a critic so don't feel bad. <3
Thanks! Glad you could check it out!
Failing forward just means being able to learn from your mistakes and coming out better because of them.
Testing your history knowledge:Q-In 1917 who was the US president & what future US president was born? DM your answer to win super prizes!
thanx for the constant support and motivation! LB get ready to embrace our newest Don!
still time left
Today's Special: Boston Cream Pie! Yellow cake filled with pastry cream and topped with chocolate ganache. Slices are only $2.00.
Wow. What a match. Austin Aries is amazing. He IS main event material & SHOULD be the face of TNA. Impressive.
Newest copy-editor at ! Can't wait to start!
I'm Bugging Boe!
hey buddy
I met him for the first time last week. He's been very helpful on FAA issues. The SNL skit is nothing like him, but funny.
As in, "I pity the fool who thinks John Cusack a conservative?"
#FindSomeoneWho will listen. TRULY listen
I didn't answer your question - We start in april it looks like
Somebody dm me and i will give you oxygen.
Things couldn't be better.comedy is my thing and nothing can stop that.
I'm really starting to hate holidays. Always family drama! This is one of the main reasons I'm leaving to Denver. Can't happen fast enough!
Yet another movie in aviation.!
UFest 2012 with and more. Saturday, April 28th at Quail Run Park!!! I can't wait!!!!!
First tweet from the iPad!!!
I still cant sign on to interact and I dont know where my flashdrive is. I dont have any other numbers either
Change roles: change leader, change junkie, eager beaver, scribe, teacher/trainer.
My auntie doing to much I'm ready to go right now
I used to live in Hawaii actually haha, tickets are too expensive at the moment. But def. planning to go soon! What's your deal?
I just saw your whole family at Target! :') It was such a happy moment! <3
damn #Bulls :/
I just slapped my thigh because I thought the wire to my headset was a spider...I am now paranoid..
Back at work. Bummer.
alright guys... phish phest confirmed.. people on the fence.. announced more artists before superball tix go on sale 4/4!
no worries
i hate when at night time, my contacts dry out super fast & make everything so blury. :|
Listening to Humphrey and the Dumptrucks.
We've heard many horror stories from paying customers abt then was arrested last wk 4 wearing a hat!
Listening to school the Fry's employee IN THE MAC department who doesn't know what a Mac Mini is.
Joe Biden is sharp as a marble
I forgot to tell you, I took creepy pictures of Brant texting his girl last night ;)
If anyone in the Nashville area needs website, technology or accounting help, check out our website and give us a call....
If #Pens are going to win 2nite #Crosby has to get more evenstrngth time. In Game 1, 7 forwards had more evenstrngth time than Crosby.
Mia's already going to #jazzfest & #ACL. Holly's going to #burningman. How many more do we need?
My drive home today is longer than my FLIGHT was
Good luck Jake. Hopefully you can get through to him.
zombies is old school, need to break out the survival mode on mod warfare 3 it's like zombies with guns....
Question posed by Doug Garland : What is the future of engaging with smart phones while we watch tv?
Sunday means open houses! 317 James Ct from 11-1, a great 3 br in S.P, then over to 5166 Ridge Oak in Madison - 3 br, right by East Town.
He'll be back to crazy in no time. RT : Uh oh.... KG has gone from crazy to calm...
only Wednesday??.....well time to get #humping and #humpday!
Eager for you to join us!
is he the Mormon or Santorum?
RT Sorry, can't help it. I love #goldrush!!!...nobody should judge you. It's awesome!
if not for this work business....
Been so exhausted. Missing church n er'thang. Cupcake kitchen closing for the week. Gotta re-evaluate my menu and how folk can/can't order.
RT : New Gingrich has about as much chance of becoming President as Wal-Mart employees have of unionizing.
and there are better ways to have fun with this. Like let you have the plate, but require a dollar go to Tiger conservation...
same to you me old china! see you soon xoxo
Accidentally took someone else's iPhone! They all look alike! Just got mine back...
school starts Monday.... fml
they always make moves that dont work
oh my word. its a wrapped present! lets hope I don't explode.
I NEED THAT
awe man, I clicked on the link thinking I would get to see the new hair! But no haha I seriously love your hair though ;P
That's a big challenge.
Meet flook here at sxsw? Award finalist tonight
Are you kidding me Cunningham????? Why in the blue hell are you swinging 3-1?
When someone takes your phone at school <<< like fuck off
We are now able to offer bespoke business mobile pricing to our customers! Let us know exactly what you use or need, and we will do the rest
Occupy wall street all over news on Oak and Sea. Someone needs to show them that equal wages don't come from protesting or vandalism.
people are seriously really fucking rude. I'm sorry I'm fucking sick and I was thinking of not getting other people sick. Next time >
Man the Sixers suck..they can't make a clutch shot for nothing
“:Mix 96.1 is sounding amazing during Fiesta! Really capturing the feel of SA! Shout out to and !” word
- it's pretty sad no one dares rebuke or contradict the muslim world's cosmovision. And it's all motivated by fear !
RT if you are ready for some Buckeye Basketball!
Thanks. We're so excited, although the kids will be heading to Catholic school instead of Leopold.
yes. had a champion day yesterday!
Are you a leader or a follower?
no bows!!!! Evar :) and my grandpa got me the snuggie, hope momma gets me my jersey !!
Milk and chips ahoy cookies >>>>>
Every great work of art has two faces, one toward its own time and one toward the future, toward eternity. -Daniel Barenboim
I could live off of candy corn..
I've had my fill of progressives bashing our President.
I see we share the same philosophy
I just realized that I'm following 28 things on here. 28...28! DAMN IT'S GREAT TO BE IN 28!!! 28!! AH!!!!!!
Great platform for citizen science, and some wonderful frameworks for transcription (super slick interface too)
Happy Birthday to the best BBQ in town! #yum RT Quick's turns 48 years old this week!
Soccer practice bright and early. -_-
shout out!
-lost- um, a what?
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: that word is love
I can assure you our site is legit, it's our goal to have the lowest prices on the web, and most of the time, we succeed!
Thanks for the list and the follow!!!
Check out the new name & look! Tell your friends to follow for updates re: Anchorage's fantastic animal shelter.
Thanks for the mention!! :) smiling here at 4am...time for sleep. Thank you
Tool Academy! ;-)
On our way to Walnut. Will be serving between 3rd and Kirkwood on Walnut.
I love 's white boy moves while he was rappin Mockingbirdd by pretty amazingg..He got alot of swag for a white boy. <3
doing great in #vabeach at #tkd tourney. #twitter..show us some love
Got a pick from my snuggle buddy Thanks sweetheart. It's always humbling when someone awesome likes my stupid bullshit!
surprised you finished them
Anyone else have the #Facebook app update lick up their iPhone? 3 hours with no phone.
I don't care what anyone says fart apps are funny as hell
my favorite part was that Don Nelson called a timeout just to glare at Joey
I am waiting for John Cena on Raw
Future union leader? RT I think NBA players union should allow a full financial audit if there is nothing to hide....Thoughts?
Congrats to Justin Bieber and Cameron Diaz for Time Magazine Cover
If it starts raining and thundering I will be one happy bitch :)
No gym should have a movie room
I tricked no one! She asked me out of the blue, I just didn't have the energy to correct her.
Thanks for the birthday wishes Josh!
Spent a happy hour playing Machinarium with my 9yo daughter. Reminds me of Out of This World.
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport
Jubilant crowd packs Cairo's Tahrir Square
Gonna get a hair cut from my nephew, hopefully he don't f**k it up!
wish it could of been for longer. You were killin it
great work as always :)
and what shall be your return??
Oh yeah, spif =P
"Don't expect a withdrawal from someone without making a deposit within them first." - the Pastor heard at a conference.
Go Gus. You have done a lot for agriculture in #WV. Being recognized dinner now.
I am thinking about getting a BMW 320d Sport for a new car!
Boom! RT : #followfriday begins w/bests of
I feel bad for #Cundiff . People are just trashing him. I am pissed as anyone that he missed that kick but give the guy a break.
having appreciation for the little things
Hey! It's Cyber...uh...Tuesday! A great day to order a deck of GOLPH cards...you'll love to play the game and so will your family & friends!
380 cals burned..40 sit ups...diet tight..phew
Eschew well to avoid indigestion RT : I need something to eschew.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!47
If you haven't checked it out yet, DealShow is still live and selling great stuff cheap! www.dealshow.com
THIS! ": "Cuz I wont give up on us, even if the clouds get rough, i'll give you all my love, cuz god knows we're worth it" <3"
Seattle is so green and juicy.
Silly question, but having a friendly debate over here! I want to know what your favorite flavor of ice cream is...Please share!
So glad we made the short trek away from the barren convention center. It was worth every moment of BBQ goodness.
lol always creepers at gyms
New Wireless threats to small and middle maket businesses: Evil Twin Promiscuous Client Bluesnarfing & Bluejacking They are on their way!
Awesome! Crossing my fingers that work approves the trip.
I think this tweet will be the last. So good bye twitter... Peace out(:
DAYYYUMM well move over Eagles & Cowboy fans I'll be sittin' next to ya' w/a broken <U+2665> & soggy terrible towel *sigh*
is taste testing tamales.
For when the wine is in, the wit is out. Thomas Becon (1512–1567) Catechism, 375
Prom night
favorite part of today are all the colleges I have NEVER heard of.
ok, it has happend. I am officially hooked on (I blame mainly with support from ). what/who should I follow?
In the midst of a boycott from the carpet since was fired rudely actually.
RT": I'm sorry, what language are you speaking? It sounds like bullshit."
not necessarily. Intention is to disrupt current Ed models within and without the U.
- Happy Birthday,<3
pon el via x, estan dando un especial de los jonas!
Up early for court...... Hopes gets good news ! But its 50/50 chance #negativethouoght I know ! Can't help it
Looking forward to watching the 1985 Einstein on the Beach doc during the journey.
I really want a follow back:/
I CANNOT get "call me maybe" outta my head. THIS IS CRAZY!
thanks for the RT! We are thrilled with the love!
Are they out of options with Valencia? Couldn't they demote him & hope it sparks him to figure it out? Giving him away seems rash.
#ThoughtsAtAHouseParty where's your parents liquor stash.....I'm tryna get fucked up (:
hey Brendan
Those three words... Are said too much.. And not enoughh<U+2665>
no I work late Friday!
really?! Pick me up dang.
now who is the dork. Super moon is tonight?!
#TShirtTimeee! :DD J.E.R.S.E.Y S.H.O.R.E<333333
can u update my 3gs
That was the shhh
OK, i won't reveal much more then. Be prepared for season 4 though...crazy good
Haha that is ok. I remember you and coffee - a marriage made in heaven.
anytime also!
Done! Feel free to hit me back. ;)
What a bullshit decision!
Im scared to ask my mom if I can go somewhere tomorrow.
successful people ask better questions, and as a result they get better answers
i got my report card today and when i checked my grades a week ago it said i has a b- in english and on the report card it says a fucking d-
It's time, up and at em
Congratulations to my wonderful girlfriend, Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, re-elected as mayor, baltimore, md
#Bruins, #Celtics, #RedSox and #Revs all play today. Who are you watching?
working on new music the mixtape is gonna be the finished soon so be on lookout for it.
I'll use that tweet. Just gonna replace my name with your's since you're the magical ones.
we did! So much fun...but Austin is always a good time!
Google Analytics Moves Old Version Link To Footer
WHAT HURTS THE MOST!!!!
I've had so much time to myself this trip. This is awesome
a RT! , we are making "babymandered" happen.
To live does'nt mean your alive...--
I hate baseball
is sexy just saying :D
Dammit. Only getting 200 dollars on my first paycheck. That's nothing. I see why people quit these jobs.
Tornado touchdown in Norman, Oklahoma? That's the norm in Oklahoma. See wut I did there? BO
i misses my broder:'(
Left ear is blown out... Again. Awesome.
all I can say is if that's you, "I wish I was in Mich-igan." Impressive.
I think I'm getting the hang of tweeting...look out!!! Lol
that's a nice forehead you got there
I hate when my GF calls me a man whore just because all the girls want my body.
Not personal attack. Just hope media be impartial & fair. I will take you at your word that it's your intent 2b.
adly you have to dance like you mean it at dave and busters then we will see.
congrats to Batton Lash on a successfully funded kickstarter!
The large number of people I know in the library right now is... interesting.
when is our next dinner? =)
I'm kinda mad though!! I thought it was gonna end differently than the book. But whoever visited Mona was wearing the red
Jimmy Johns has some gourmet sandwiches
I did have a good day! Thank you. I hope you had one too! Keep singing, sugar.
When a poor person dies of hunger, it has not happened because God did not take care of him or her.
so great to see you! hope it's not as long before the next time!
is administering monthly tests this afternoon.
You gotta love Louis :)
Great Marketing & PR strategy session w Mark and Scott at , helping #veterans start Franchise biz’s.
Tomorrow in Work It we report on Gov. and his remarks to Va. Council of CEOs. Don't miss it!
Where's my Luch shirt?
RT : My phone dies faster than Chris Brown in Stomp The Yard. <-- sounds like time for a new one
It's close, but I think Cam's potential to get in the endzone on the ground gives him the edge
the dude behind the curtain, yup.
I think I broke my mourning phenomena
Just announced! New show added to fall/winter tour 2011 in Chattanooga, TN on 12/22/11.
Want to share a crafty skill with the people of Detroit? We host a skillshare at the Trumbullplex on the second Saturday of every month.
Braised Pork Belly just came out of the for Banh Mi at lunch
That is very true! Plus I've always been told that I have pretty eyes when I've been crying! Lol!
Love it!!
I just saved a baby bird's life!
hanging out with can you please follow me?!(: I love you!(:
If you need a leader to follow, you're doing it wrong.
just got told i was horrid..
Sorry I missed your tweet! You saw & I on TV during the game?? Crazy! Great game, and our cheering helped!
No such thing as a human without fear.
If you're @ #wiredbiz Pls look for tall blond guy with WW2 army boots: Mr. Amy Cross (aka Bermingham) I told him how SMASH U R
Putting a pillow between your legs feels Good
I DO 2 WHO DOESN'T
Should I call her? I have her number
Anyone need some lebron 9 in size 13/14? I have a few for sale!
RT : fun to rock Colorado. Now off to in #Denver for a 4am load in! check us out on www.ransom.tv
I was like oh ...well then lmao
Hahaha!! Isn't that the point?
Sitting on the porch in Hilton Head.
gunna skype with Morgan! :) I miss her so mucch!
NW Elmo. Mr.Noodle to ugly.
Gotta get my laptop fixed ASAP
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breathe away.
and i don't care cause i love ruining the days of these indoctrinating, self aggrandizing, half wits... you are over paid and do nothing
We're sorry to hear that. can you tell us the device and os version you are using? thx
I will be hitting the streets tonight thanks for keeping me up on whats poppin
Loved finally meeting the adorable and last night! :)
"when you become a doctor I'm going to hurt myself so I can hang out with you." my friends are too funny.
there is a lot to say but this year has taught me that life is unpredictably short. be #grateful everyday don't let fear rule ur life
3.5 hours getting tattooed and I still wince at an allergy shot
me too!
What time Wed for the big announcement at OWS?
Hooray for fall! Maple Creme Brulee for dessert tonight to put you in the mood!
Who likes our new icon and background? :)
haha zany indeed!
Love that Betty White is rocking hot pink lipstick.
you would. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
you've just taken you're first steps into a larger world.
that SUCKS!
yall are my freaking heroes!thank you so much for getting them to delete that horrid blog about justin!it means alot to us !
yeah baby dj ant heatin it up with DRAKE/J COLE TIX for you to WIN tonight!!!
Helltown Idle Hands Double IPA on tap! Come and get it!
follow back ? :)
Don't let me go...
only one search for building pubic archaeology, however. Which is probably for the best.
#BecauseItsFriday im gonna get all fancy.
remember when we'd sit in the pub and try to figure out what people's "O" face would be? just saw some girls doing that.
Rangers w do anything to get some rest #Rangersoutofgas #NJDevils Come on BoysLets Go!
We are collecting "family" pics from our "A Hymn A Week" family to use for our Hymn video. Send pics to .
Why Are There More People Following Harry... He Is Great In All, But You Do Know Louis, Niall, Liam, And Zayn Do Exist Right!
The most 5 frequently used letters of the alphabet are E, T, O, A and N least used are K, J, X, Z and Q.
robric819 Thanks :) You getting to enjoy the weather? We were just in the yard &amp; on a walk for 2 1/2 hours. So nice!
I.S.D. Locksmith offer up to 50% off 619-335-7969
was up
My plan to get my students out of class and recording had been hampered by my own poor execution of, you know, having enough batteries. Argh
Every time I walk into a singles bar I can hear Mom's wise words: Don't pick that up, you don't know where it's been!
Haha, we both like house rabbits!
I have learned to ignore Hawk's homerism and just appreciate his humor. The "He Gone" call cracks me up every time.
Happy Easter! He is risen: "For God so loved the world..." John 3:16
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, been supporting since 1 time! now to get noticed follow?x39
hahaha it's a boring sport !!!!
put his twitter name on his presentation
Good Tuesday morning! Have a great one everybody!
Of course, I could go to my room and watch the game sober, but free drinks are free drinks and I want Gopher hockey!
#NF <<<<< too funny kita needs to be a Comedian lol
Wassuh Stranger Its Been Like 2weeks Since We TALKED
Did you find that photo in Thyme Magazine, or did you grow that yourself?
lmao, i would. his security would have memorized my name by the time Ed left the state. lol
Filming Nocturnal Saturday! Who's going?
my own servers
Want a piece of my Chicago Poker Classic action? 1.3 to 1 mu. Please PM me for details. $500k+ added to the prize pool. yum yum time.
And just like that we're back in it. Let's go pacers!
Cruzin' Chula Vista today. Let us know where you work out so we can get you some
Help us welcome our new stylists to our salon family!!! Ysable, Eddie, and Downtown Jesse Brown!!!
no not at all
#RIPDonaldDuckDunn --no, not Donald Duck--Donald "Duck" Dunn....bass player for
good night Austin(:
Diggin' the blues music at 310 W. Wisconsin. #notes new thurs hangout for lunch
Am SO ready for happy hour with & ... I feel like I deserve it.
Easier to go out at night when you have a flashlight.
Your are both welcome!
I can't wait to see the dogs at the shelter tomorrow. I have to give the dogs that didn't get adopted for Christmas a lot of extra love.
please follow bailey(: u r such an inspiration I really hope RNG wins abdc! My favorite dance crew on the show (:
where did you get that combo from
blue ash...come to me
And I'm still falllinggg.
hey, haw you doin
Trying to figure out how to empty a string between certain characters in MySQL... thoughts?
Merry Christmas! Enjoy time with family and friends and may peace and laughter reign over your day.
is adorable p:
because you're mean to her!
Idc how much money a nigga got, it still dont make him look good, if he ugly or got a ugly attitude, still turnin me OFF! Always& 4ever.
William Coulson and the LCWR: “We Overcame Their Traditions and Their Faith” - Patheos (blog)
Getting ready for a pr-conference chat with at #health2con! Will report back soon!
thanks for the follow John! Keep on rockin in
little one you are my midget and always will be
So glad you could make it this morning! Thanks for coming!
don't worry, I won't give you any lame excuses. I'm writing a whole new letter. You'll see. I'm mailing it out ASAP. Sorry!
Just got home from school :)
The king stay the king
James Brown. now that's some toe tappin' goodness.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger... That's what u have base my whole life on...
“You become more liberated each time you comfortably accept the idea that you are not perfect”
So Good.
Following irrelevant bitches on my feed. Lol bye.
Check out some of our films at www.ThirteenE.com
"Reclusive librarian"
Thinking about not going to work today
": Josh is so gay." I am not gay
late thursday night. probably around 10pm. again. haha.
Do you do everything your overlords tell you to do? :-)
Party Bus Spotting! Update your Twitter status of OKC Party Bus whereabouts while out on the town tonight and win a free Party Bus t-shirt!
I sometimes watch the other one, but it's been getting on my nerves! And too bad made such a horrible novela choice!
And don't forget to "Like" us
If it ain't one thing its another
Okay, I'm gonna help you look
I forgot you were on here too, haha
The only joke I know is about the alligator in the vest (.,_.)
Thanks girl! You too!
Goodmorning! Its a lovely day to talk to me isn't it???:D iloveyou! You are my #TheAmazingSpiderman!!!
Ay the gym, going tanning later!(;
We play the same game, difference is you never try your best
but the team is significantly less entertaining and my Arsenal drinking game took a huge hit...
China halts production at chlorine contamination Coca-Cola bottling plant
S/o to my new follower
HI EVERYONE !
Hi Jacob. As always, we share confirmed 4G news once we have it. We'll definitely do the same for 2012 markets.
rosemary and thyme
lol...someone u should follow-->
all bad then lmao
cotto's swag, that's that shit I don't like. Money May>
It's so weird when people say "I disagree with everything you just said!" and then half-disagree with a quarter of what you actually said.
welcome back! Glad you're doing well. Jamal to LA all day!!
I hear ya!!
Jammin that "legendary flow" while sketchin these urban dreams, and blowin on that stank.
is attending the 2011 Federal Librarians' Networking Symposium at the Library of Congress! Come visit me at the TRAK booth!
The good news is that no one would think the person that wrote that had enough money worth suing for!
it's when you draw a really tiny but detailed steering wheel on your thumb, duh! Jeez Risa welcome to the 21st century
Listening to the live version of "#41", my fav DMB song. Live vers turns into a 20 min jam.
Russell Westbrook pull up.
What's with all these horse faced bitches?
Hooray for good weather! It's going to be a beautiful day at Marion St.! Come meet us in the garden for planting, weeding,and coffee!
suck it
I sent you the pics... check ur email
Oh, AND the mighty Prism Quartet.
when is there not a disturbing situation in Arkansas? Arkansas is a disturbing situation. I look forward to watching, cheers!
ALL FOUR YAT GROUPS ALMOST FULL FOR THE SPRING SIGN UP NOW at www.yatkids.org 317-614-5057 ACTING CLASSES for k-12th graders
wut do u remember most of ur high school years?
#20thingsaboutme 12. My favorite color is purple.
This dude that sits next to me is so weird!
I miss you, too! so sad about the licks. i wonder how yosh is taking it?
totally scored that on "gnome night" at Petco Park. Straight up ballin'! Now go read!
": Learned about the free online tool "Storify" for digital storytelling, new attendees workshop. Storify.com
wat u doing
Run into a health reporting barrier? can mobilize to knock it down, said And they have a track record!
All I'm saying is where Uthoff ends up is newsworthy. Which is why I passed it along and didn't let the story die, as you hope.
a party ain't a party, til I walk in
When you sell a quality you don't have to soft sale with guarantees of FREE trials. A proven track records & recommendations do the selling.
Damn, did I say SF drummer Jon Avery? Ack! It's Jon Arkin. Sorry bout dat!
I love his poetry! They are great celebrations of seasons and nature. Also Arroz Con Leche by Jorge Argueta
oh my goodness
ditto, let's get together during Christmas break
": U can tell a lot about a women by her heels"
I remember why I got to like the sound of rain with the tv off... I used to have DirectTv.
When my phone sends messages twice <
Girls are so shallow.
Commercial Free coming up at 6:30. Hit us up for requests at 877-999-1015
o wow...datz what's up..
was that not the most horrendously un-ceremonious thing you've ever witnessed? Jeez.
Congrats !!! The PIT is lucky to have you, always has been. All the best on the new gig!
“The name of the game is taking care of yourself, because you're going to live long enough to wish you had.” - Grace Mirabella
LOVE them! Char Sui Chicken & Poke are my fav! : Super excited for Hawaiian eats at Ono Kine Grindz tonight.
Im tired :o
I miss you bestie :)
watching Toy Story 2 with Jade for the 300th time LOL
That moment of self esteem boot when you see someone that used to call you fat and now you're skinny and they're fat.
Auditioning tomorrow for a scripted reality show. 4th time I've been called in for show. I'm doing something right, just not right enough!
if you had a choice of a super power, what would it be?.
Come out to Central Market at Westgate today from 11a-1p! Heather will be there giving away some great prizes so come out and say hello!
If you did think so, you probably wouldn't! It's because you think you could do more that you're probably doing enough.
If I had a dime for every time someone told me that........
I swear to GOD that Bieber is a girl.
One so far made the National team our heavyweight Kellie Fairbanks. Very proud of her!!!!! One more to go
Love is when you tell a guy that you like his shirt then he wears it everyday. LOL
Cake cake CAKE !
power outage at work today. Despite lack of electricity, all of my books remained on and readable
Thanks to everyone that attended Mastermind the GSA Schedule Process!
WHERE IS MY JOHNNY CASH SHIRT I ORDERED A WEEK AGO !!!!!!!!!!!!
- anxiety is just anticipation + fear. Replace the fear with joy, and you have excitement. In theory.
Agreed. Did you read down to the comments section? One person was ID'ing each poster, 1 by 1.
I always spent all the school vacations in PHX and I always liked it better
idk.....you might not O.O
started my #RosettaStone tuts. Back to bilingual!
I much prefer instant gratification too...
Will come in handy for F.P./Bob Drunjapalooza RT : Parting gift from the blog team, which is the best team.
. We heart you guys too! Keep making an impact in the community! #cheers to you and all you do! :)
Now or never. Tomorrow's not promised
when you coming to the A?
We hope everyone had a great wknd! The party doesn't have to end, Check out www.WOMhouse.com for new events, kids camps, classes and more!
What happened to this big winter storm SD was to get today?? What a letdown!
What is the best Sport Compact
My brother still wants too eat more !! :p
I just came to from a wine and Turkey coma to hear my pal on the flash back weekend ! awesome to hear her back on the air!
kindle will not turn on. not great that i put my entire calendar in there, plus notes on novel and stories.
you can look at the menu, you just can't dine
just take a breath!
Are you sure you should be tweeting about this? ;)
If most people complain that life is too short, why do we take so much time to start living it?
RT : Sharon- I just packed some from Colorado for you. See you later this afternoon! <Thx Ben! Hey & I've got swag.
Pretty good! They chase each other around. Minimal hissing.
- excited to see who signs up for the #social46 Most Connected #SuperBowl ever!
I love and but is such an angel sent down from heaven with such an AMAZING VOICE luv u!!!
RT : Who matters in a democracy? Voters/consumers/citizens.A leader never loses touch w/ grassroots
I feel like dying
Bill Belichek for Ex-Lax.
it was the best soup I may have ever tasted EVER ;)
looking forward to today's show!
is reading Leadership Blueprint by Dr. Paul Hersey and ASTD Mobile Leanring Research 2012. I few surprises that I will post soon.
CHOKING ON MY WINE THANKS
I'm well, thanks. Good morning!
RT : Memphis is literally raping the Clippers right now. -- and that is an understatement smh
You have #SWAG ;) And an AMAZING voice<33 I hope you notice me someday....<3
I don't think so either, but it was hard not to explain on this account why it hit me so hard.
I'm so craving a pickle right now...
Ezine editor: "in 1997 real poets wouldn't let you publish their work on the Internet if you were on fire & only that could save you."
- let me get on that list.
If you enjoy Rock Pop music from Southern California follow They follow back! I love new music,check out Nextdoor?
Ok. I'm going to throw myself into my gardening for the rest of the day--shut my mind up for a bit. Happy Monday!
yup! Home sweet home for 3 days then my vacation starts!
Yang shut up
I <3 my sister
oh shit that's my birthday then *devises a plot for the skeezers*
The #44 Taylor Knapp Vesrah Suzuki GSXR 1000 bike goes down in superbike qualifying round #1 & catches fire. Taylor seems fine...
A tradition can be cultural. A habit can be a tic.
My pleasure GS. I can't believe people are still using them. You would think they would know by now.
Metta World Peace suspended for 7 games. Starts with the Lakers next game, April 26, vs. Sacramento.
I hope so too! 3 people just came into my job talking about how it raped them. lol
"People have a good time sober? Is that possible?"
Quesadillas for the fiesta tomorrow: complete.
What about artisinal cachaca? You can almost taste the brazilian sun, water and soil.
friday is finally here! Hope everyone has a great one;)
What was your favorite commercial from the Super Bowl last night?
“:nothing to show for these dead end dreams” You've got yourself,Your voice & your guitar. Thats all you really need to show!
saw that & no way. She's Gotta buy 1 at a place that sells bottoms & tops separate, shop by cup size & underwires
Is it weird to be still be sexually attracted to a blast from the past?? Lol o.O
thanks for the reminder kelda!!!
Steve Novak is the master of the Discount Triple Check
Good thing I'm a morning person.
#IfITellYou i love you, will you promise to love me too? <3
i can only think the answer to that is "himself"
I concur.
Dam I really am a boy/GIRL lol RT : heck no if so im beyond depressed hahaha
Thank you very much!
Clippers look like they may be in trouble
I'm so confused its whatever :p
Being at work today at Elitch Gardens makes me that much more excited to be a mom. The kids in KiddieLand are so cute and having a blast!
Thinking about ASG ethics.
just here. And why do you have to stay up all night? :O
New updates are loaded to the site! Check it out! http:\www.Inkdt.com
and ya im so happy that you told me wat to do to stop me from sending ppl spam and thanks again :)
Baby smiles. Think about that when you're down.
Start it up!!!!
Day 2 on set, playing a flight attendant for the new Asahi Beer commercial!!
I know this is 2 days late, but you are my hero.
Carb-loaded and sleepy. Half n the AM <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
I'm an exception for almost everything. I am so specialzzzz
rants and raves
Just saw the worst call ever made at first base in the Rockies vs dodgers game
Happy Birthday
I don't want someone who tweets in a foreign language... or do I? Maybe that's a great way to learn a new language! :)
hELL NAW... i JUST BE SLEEP
That is more than awesome!
I remember writing a song with like a year ago. We wrote it in a record of like 4 minutes.
I have lost all respect for my mom.
Ps that's my first @ tweet!
I'm just going to drive around and hope I get lucky.
Healing Unleashed will be launching a new functional medicine program in the New Year. Call us and find out more about it. 303-986-0492
So is lavender the new black? Everyone seemed to be wearing it yesterday.
I'll be praying for you're family angel sorry to hear about you're mom :(
What is Dracula's favorite fruit? Neck-tarines.
Who is coming out to the beer garden tonight??? It will definitely be a beer filled night of fun. #Baltimore Baltimore
:D it was nice wasn't it?
Getting our web typography on: In Your w/ Jake Archibald (), front-end designer of
First Friday in Fountain Square this weekend. Check out Elvis Mires' Rock'n'Roll art at Funkyard 1114 E. Prospect Street, Indy, IN.
It's snowing!
39 degrees in the studio and eight inches of snow from yesterday, things will be heating up in there today!
really making some bold predictions there.... Haa
hope to see you again soon! Lots to tell you about!
my kudos to ya! been thinkin of doin the same. :)
It's hard not to stare at <3
pringles a staple every where
I like those cuts some boys make in their eyebrows. That's pretty sexy, i'll admit.
She bended down, and seductively whispered in my ear saying, "Melissa, I'm horny." Ahaha, I love her <33
I think there might be a full 76-trombones passing by outside my office. Oh, Patriot's Day.
Yup! Pretty much every Thursday. T minus three hours until they open. I'll be there at 5:30 or so. ^ac
RT: Never lose your cool... Think about things before you speak.
Great effort Sam |
we see you showing love to the crew with the Get Her record buck mixed and prouced it
Really big point there. Never "settle" - it's right or it's not. Look inside, you'll know.
yep. If this were NCAA they'd be bowl ineligible until 2050. Just ridiculous.
that's why I took your love away
I like how the Ninja Turtles wear masks. Good way to hide your identity, its not like your a giant turtle or anything...
Somebody hacked my fucking twitter account. This is bullshit. Stupid nerds
hey girls Starbucks is having happy hour from 3-5 starting today I believe, so half price fraps :) love you
have you never been before? You know if it is Gigi's favorite Thai food it must be good.
Finding a vehicle is so hard.. -__-
I can name prolly more than 15 rappers better than Tyga
Happy Mother's Day to all those beautiful moms that have raised us.
I came from the bottom the top is the only way I can go
if all the cool kids are twittering, what is everyone else up to?
How goes life? Hope you are doing well!
Isaiah 43:1 Dont be afraid, for I have ransomed you, I have called you by name, you are mine.
Gonna try to catch Brandon's Twitter class tomorrow! Hope I can make it
Love getting up early on Monday's to plan and prep for the week. That's my secret to hitting the ground running. What's yours?
only if you're holding a bottle of mustard menacingly
hehe :) Heart you back. Happy birthday, from my now awake self.
"Waiting for Nirvana" was ridiculous. Pop music is MALL MUSIC. Great bands get overlooked because industry is LAZY.
started at 6 stopped at 7. I got bored and had better things to do :o
22.5 MI on the bike yesterday, may as well go for it again today
": Had fun yesterday wit n "/must do again
at the same damn time!
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-78
Let's say it's true. He stops circling the car, you're afraid, but you get out anyway and follow the person you're afraid of?
Correction: June 19 release. Can't a guy get some reliable information on the internet anymore?
I can't tel and um idk... Ask luci
I hate being woken up!! But il let this one slide cause it was my mom waking me up telling me she was gonna take me shopping <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I needed to know how long my run was in terms of feet, Wolfram Alpha was finally useful!
Hey , welcome to D.C. You like earthquakes and hurricanes, right? If so, we have a treat for you!
here I come :)
Today I saw a homeless man sitting on a fire hydrant knitting a pink and purple scarf. MLINY
Wow! That would have been so incredible to witness!
It is delightful to transport one's self into the spirit of the past, to see how a wise man has thought before us. Johann W. von Goethe
happy birthday :)))
Malea Powell talking about stories being sometimes painful to tell--but also real, and they matter. DALN sees this in our submissions
If "Plan A" didn't work, the alphabet has 25 more letters.
Underground Wonderbar, Mondays. Help you remember what joy is like, in case you've lost the thread.
Where can you get a taco and a pirated movie? At the roach coach Tacos Al Vapor. No bueno.
por las que AMAMOS A MILEY
Just saw a tweet that said 'Katy can sing live better than Adele.' What world are you living in?!?
Drink more water and your skin and nails will flourish!!
Can you follow me first:)
I got like 7 and a kitten xD
be having them doing the weirdest, freakiest sounds ever for a long time too
#TAURUS Text me to book your FREE BIRTHDAY PARTY any Friday this upcoming month! 414.335.9569 HBD
I think we can work something out. Where are you based?
"The early bird gets the worm" - 'Nuff Said - I'm sleeping in.....
Great people talk about ideas. Small people talk about others.
We all make stupid choices in life but it is up to us to learn from it and make self better off of the new founded knowledge
She's MN's own Swiss Miss! See if that was a Honeycrisp William Tell shot off his son's head.
I like to go out in the world, pitch my tent, meet new folks, create my world. But home, my real home feels like a box to me, suffocating.
yea we just got done revamping some recipes. Turned the hops way up on a lot of the ipas and pales.
I'm gonna walk with my Grandaddy and he'll match me step for step
waiting on to call me, and thinking I want another cookie chocolate chip cookie and sandwhich from
#Colin Firth "you've got to know the enemy" great quote from incredible artist - he is so right !
And you thought the Crusades ended in the 15th century, didn't ya?
"C'mon people now, Smile on your brother Ev'rybody get together Try and love one another right now", by The Youngbloods
RT : I honestly can't recall the last time I had butterflies in my tummy. It's been awhile.
Heading home with a surprisingly nice day for the 1st of November
Absolutely. i never believed it was about libraries or supporting library lending.
Heal your spirit with music...
I wanted to throttle phone lady. I think she was eating carrots--it was a moist & crunchy noise.
Installation is tomorrow! Go see my group show at #galleryblacklagoon Friday night!
Just registered for the Chicago Women's #HalfMarathon!
fuck good for tonite KARMA :) jersey bay.
I like beck's hair! :)
Sorry Native American dance, I can't write about you because all I care about is Roger Sterling. Bye now.
What?A member of the press bashing a ref?
RT : "Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit." Conrade Hilton
More construction around the park, don't let it stop you from visiting us!
feat. in this month's ELLE.Great article about Gabby's work and her new book.Big speaking tour in Fall! DM us
okay "bro" well we've been bothers by choice for so long yet you're on this "drama" that really hasnt been around for awhile
People walking down the street singing to themselves with no headphones on creep me out.
Thanks for joining us! RT #edUIconf folks were smart, friendly, going places. Thanks for a good time and the courtesies of
my 14 year old describes the El Anatsui as "dense"...one of his top three favorites
Going out tonit
#iUseToThink the and its agenda was out to get me until I found out they actually are trying to preserve mankind
“: I'm glad I can have an idgaf attitude about the situation” <-- ??
Hey MD, can we get some anti-idiot legislation to quell the ungrounded notions of ? Let's put that to referendum
we're glad you're here! Welcome to the #coworking crew!
> l > i think im falling for him :)
8pm tonight and Essex Winter Series in Deep River, CT tomorrow 3pm
#ThingsICantLiveWithout A warm wool sweater.
Religious individuals don't believe in evolution.
wonderful to have so many members of the media join us for the launch of 100 Flags for 100 Years.
they were just jealous.
Watching from last night so awesome!! I love this show!
Hey guys thank you so much to everyoen who gave me shoutouts i love you all xx
I come here atleast 5 times a week, if you people at the front desk can't remember my face by now you don't deserve your damn job....
Aww my poor babay is sick.. Get better :) LOVE YOU
Take heart, you are not alone! That is the only comfort I enjoy at present.
RT : If you can’t accommodate the way students want to learn, they’ll find a college that can.
Today Is Gonna Be A Struggle For me!
RT : bartab will be undergoing maintenance for a short time as we update our platform - stay tuned for a big announcement!
Hey, I think my son's Yelp rating just lost a star cc
massaging my nose >.>
I smell PR
I'm wondering... =) RT : gives parenting ideas-limiting kids' allowed bandwidth for punishment and reward :)
Always enjoy watching the MTV woodies. SXSW is a must next year.
Thanks for the RT! Conference Twitter
That moment when you have to return to your ordinary life after watching an awesome movie.
Dont play with me because i know i can play better than you Sorry :))
the drink or the bartender?
"Fifty Shades of Grey" was a nickname we called our grandfather.
did I do it?
If we shadows have offended, Think but this, and all is mended....
Sad, but so glad to see #Pujols continue to struggle, especially against the
I #love vintage stuff!
After being bumped last week, I will be on Good Morning America today during second hour. Stay tuned...
i love facebook but twitter should come in the business of stock trading it would be successfully
My bad KOBB or whatever it's called.
If you a true fan, then you rock with ONE team..
I am really good at making sandwiches. So if you are looking for a freelance consultant in that field, I am your man.
haha. dont do it. okcupid surely only leads to worsening yr depression.
I'm coming for that #Nicholl Fellowship! My favorite screenplay is Network by Paddy Chayefski. So smart and honest.
Tiny chewy Sweet Tarts.
. just said (in jest) that Aaron Craft followed Kevin Pankos into the shower after Gonzaga-OSU game. Nice analogy.
Your face makes me uncomfortable.
When your guy friends take your fone and text your ex saying "come back to me baby" "i miss you"
Residents cleaning up after the flood in Turner. The water damaged nearly 100 homes. My live report at 11p.
volume of page visitors
Half day tomorrow (:
have been thinking a lot about tulum lately. so ready for an adventure! what's next?!?! miss you both!
That's a great one -- for any industry really.
• Lol, no...I would twit pic it, but I ain't like that...lol
do you think it's skunked now? :-)
“: Man say that 2x I feel you on that indeed but aye we go win that's all that matters to me” :-)
Social Network screening w at Sony. Q&A with David Fincher and Jesse Eisenberg after :)
just saw in yr old tweets that it's the Tim Parks piece. Which I can find...sorry, I sound like a stalker.
mental image: zombies with curly smell lines
started recording tonight with Vandarth. Dan did awesome.
enjoyed your talk! Thanks, Ted!
I GAVE THEM BACK! D: I shoulda just have them to Alan c:<
I'm not really interested in your lecture on indifference, but you know what—go ahead.
#YouDeserveToBeSingle if you a cheater! If you gonna cheat, why don't you just stay single in tha first place?!?
Wondercon was fun, but definitely just a warm up for SDCC.
hit me when you get a chance
Just realized its pouring outside. In the last week it's rained more than it did all last year.
I really wanna walk an endless road with you!
oh boy, that does (do?) take the cake...
Matt Kemp ... Best and most complete player in the MLB right now.
still very undecided on the new winnipeg jets logo. whats your opinion
This struck me: "The media you use make no difference at all to learning... The evidence has been around for more than 50 years."
Yes!!!Thunder win game 2!!! Holy chimama, thank u i can breathe now
Okay this weekend i get paid [saturday] ima buy the tickets for pitbull. what kind of seats do you want.?
COOL STORY BRAAH.
If you are anywhere near Seattle, you have to get a cupcake from Cupcake Royale. They are simply the best!!
I'm not even sure I know what's going on anymore.
Have fun! Wish I could be in Montreal right now
that sucks I hope it's not really swine. Drink lots of fluids(?) idk feel better!
No, the 2010 vendor gallery is no longer available.
Our Ward 6 town hall meeting with tonight starts at 6:30 at the Atlas Performing Arts Center at 1333 H Street NE
: I call one dumb idea dumb and look at what it's provoked from you. I'm the "mean spirited" "namecaller"? OK.
Now is strapping bags in empty seats to lighten the luggage load in back.
I changed my twitter name so all the dumb bitches from my school will quit following me.
A day to remember
strapped with 2 nines and they call me
Savings Tip - use laundry clips instead of bag clips you can find about 50 of them for $1 at dollar tree.
seems better than flatting a 3bet then jamming over a committing cbet with 33 on a QJ5 board. #wtfphil?
Lightening struck, we're down! RT : Oh, thunder!
same here
where can I get a push notification for the Peyton Decision?
when does school start back up for everyone?!
seriously, no US dates? not even a secret show?
please send good luck tweets to our #salyardsbengals for their STAAR tests next week! We are sharing the tweets with them!
Beer time at Fearless Brewing. Glocks, shotguns, and a sks were a blast to shoot.
I'm on page 25 of an RFP and still no description of the project.
We provide all the tech you need for trial: tablet/notebook,projectors,routers,printers, scanners,power & cabling,camera,video, & more!
By POPULAR DEMAND, we now carry Mendo Afgoo Wax, insanely potent! Bubba Kush Hash, Super Berry Queen Hash, Orange Kush Kief WEEDMAPS.com ;)
does that mean Louisville 3rd?
Still thinking about the impact of the Sean Bell case. Was honored to help tell his story. I thank all involved.
Oh! -going downstairs LOL-
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. Benjamin Franklin
for sure!
Any suggestions on Milwaukee Brewers gear I should get for my collection? Got 25+ jerseys, canvas prints, auto pics balls & bats, & 30+ hats
ha ha! Never fear! No hope of that! If I do, wil eat cake & regain :)
Happy Monday! I'm glad to get back in the swing of things after a long weekend. Enjoy!
Jesus music is good for the soul
1-0 win for the Timbers! Excellent result in the Cascadia Cup and playoff race.
My kryptonite? Being ignored! Throwing a temper tantrum now.... stomping feet... huffing and puffing...
Can't wait for that game to start!
Have a great day..
40 Food Trucks from throughout the State of Florida battling for 5 prestigious awards: Food Truck Wars March 31st Central Florida
I love old fashioned dating. Like going out to dinner at a fancy restaurant... Sometimes I wonder if girls miss that these days.
awww, you're just, the loveliest <U+2665>
Just walked through my building tootin' a dog whistle, best stress relief I've had in awhile.. Who knew those things actually worked
Welcome back to Milwaukee Kirk...we've missed you.
regional media directing, cold calls, HDR, editing, project planning. there is no time to sleep or use a bathroom.
Np. Just making sure you got the e-mail.
O now it's on like a lonely chicks vibrator!
#SimonBorgThinks both Travon and Zimmerman are innocent...
is back... just wasnt his time.. lets go...
Or: Thinking third parties could ever work in first-past-the-post systems.
That "speaking of bullshit...oh, hey Dwight!" transition was beautiful.
two frozen thumbs up to the naughty valentine!!!
Gotta love paying French taxes when I don't even live there anymore. #Hollande better give me the right to vote! haha
it's literally a square of buildings that is surrounded by streets on all sides I LOVE NEW YORK
just downloaded it.
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! time to celebrate yet??!!
oops! We were supposed to have our first coaching session today at 2 PM hope everything is OK. Get in touch plz
Shout out to all of our brethren who have traveled to the Portland area. Show 'em the Blue Hell tomorrow night!
So you wouldn't do anything because there "is a point", see the contradiction? LOL!
Like I said.
NBC called it "boarding" *ahem*
Sorry! I can't Wed. We have a pharmacy librarian candidate here & I'm on assignment at 2. Would after spring break work?
Yes, my books are widely available. Harper's offering a special deal on EPIC FAIL (YA) right now--only 2.99 for the ebook version!
me too! RT ill still liove her if she is gay tbh
aw ok ok wat u doin tumarro fool u aint been fckn wit me or nun
Make sure to check your email! Our Newsletter featuring has been sent out!
sushi & wine homie let's go!!!!!
Emma Bunton feels the school run pressure - MadeForMums
Academia amazes me in its ability to make mundane things, like "making decisions," incredibly intricate.
In other news, SO excited to see Facebook Executive Steve Biddle tomorrow at the Cincinnati AdClub's luncheon!
Check out our website at recovery4autism.org for more information on our upcoming celebrity event.learn how to get involved how to attend.
Isn't that every day? :) RT : It's a green chile cheeseburger kind of day!
"It is sad not to love, but it is much sadder not to be able to love."
oh my gosh right? we are brutal to each other! lmao
BUT on the plus side, Toyota's idea of a loaner car is a brand new 2012 Camry Hybrid. The amount I don't deserve to drive it is maximum.
- good looking trailer. I'll want to see this film for sure! Best of luck!
Learning about social media at the IFA
Ashton would die.
let it be <3
You guys! I am so proud of myself. I just got home from the doctors and I have lost 8lbs in the last 5 weeks. Swaggy~~~
N don't get me wrong kobes one of my fav player just bring facts when u talk no one is a great last second shooter except for melo
Just had a 20 minute conversation with in the middle of Santa Monica Blvd. I love LA.
Emergency for a new phone charger, Pronto. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
well guess what I'm marrying josh hutcherson. too bad I only came within 500 feet of him this weekend.
bahhhhaaaa....well now you know :-) so how have u been?
Awesome! Happy Birthday :)
all I needed was a little push...now I'm excited :)
Sun Also Rises and Sheltering Sky.
Tweet me your favorite thing to do in Boston! Go!!
two reasons he went to brown and chewed out tom bradys ass on tv. People see brown as having education and chew out discipline
... after heels lose 2morrow u can write a human interest piece for about your bro-in-laws magic bracket :)
im very sorry to hear that.
finally got my #beats headphones today!!! :D they're so comfortable. Thank you!!!!
Skip your morning coffee and buy a lemonade instead! Amazing little girl changing the world one lemonade at a time!
The October Eight (plus 1)
uh-- that's pretty bad. Are you sure that this is the person you want administering drugs to someone and being responsible for care?
Why are people surprised at high rates of PPD when they want to shame moms into staying home to BF? Moms need to go out too..
The feeling is mutual :)
aww that sucks. but yeah dont watch it yet! hahaha, its worth the wait :D
May you days bloom like flowers every day
Great advice - thanks! RT : screaming time when you both scream and giggle, all other times are no scream time
likewise! you are a born leader and God is working!!!
Rich Rayburn of NARA on databases: they should "tease" the user with just enough information.
Too many Z's in the address, Bro - but your profile pic is awesome enough that I'll let it slide! =)
I know right! Seems like it's spinning into something more serious instead of being funny like it was before
#IfOnlyAlexKnew how much his smile makes me melt <3
Great movie. Some rumors parts of it were embellished.
Those days when you dont want to get up
Thanks for the follow and support
Not as sad as me finding out that Engelbert Humperdinck is the UK representative at Eurovision this year!!! (yes, I'm going)x
lol but shouldnt we wait for hornymahomie!??!?!? she told us to wait lol
does that mean your license has expired?
Who was the greatest president in American history? I would say George Washington because of what he didn't do
It's a good point. Hamilton needs to stop hitting home runs, start aiming for those gaps!
you know it!
I love you so much! <3
Well, through 6 #Oscars awards, I am only 50%... So, I could be wrong!
Hey everybody... PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE THANK YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME
thank you for letting you listeners discover the power of the arts it was a pleasure to join you this morning
against Nuggets?
I do not see your tweets often, but when I do I think they are the best and funiest on twitter and you make me smile.
did you stop following me Rachelle bobby Howard
I fucking miss the shit out of :(
what are your plans for next Thursday?
I've never tweeted like this before :O
Man...just heard about MCA. RIP man... Beastie Boys was my foray into this life... Paul Revere all night long.
Finally back to normal. Thank you, God.
They are taking away my phone for the screening of What To Expect When You're Expecting. Darn.
Girl: I have a question for you. Boy: Ok. Girl: What do you see when you look into my eyes? Boy: My future.
Ah, sadly not really. Anthology restored at least one of his films recently, so maybe you can cajole someone into renting a print!
Between that and abortion, we're extinct.
Great #VERGECON conference, ! Thanks for mentions
The best thing about fangirling is looking forward to something. (:
btw, you can't say no unless you have a really good reason. Hehe
Someone should take me to prom!
do it fast!!!
maybe... what kind of gardening data?
Loved the event last night! Looking forward to the rest of the WI Science Festival.
that's only cause I tweet you! Lol.
you did follow me?! Thank you thank you thank you :D
Nah! Just Let me borrow your folding bridge or car with pedestrian shovel and we'll call it even.
I miss texting the same person everyday and getting cute texts....ugh
The CTRE's Friday Faculty Fest was fantastic last week! Thanks to all who attended.
Just wanted to thank you for adding me to your #list for #socialmedia types :) Stay well! Talk soon!
There's no hope in dope.
TABLE-Long-term credit ratings for Kazakhstan banks
Just built computer with Intel's Sandy Bridge I7 2600k CPU. Wow, fast! Only 4 cores it still beat Intel's 980x 6 core CPU in some tests.
Does a gate have to open or is a gate something that defines space?
i really miss you.....
you gotta get married .. Which I mean is t too bad...
about 8 months ago I asked you for advice. I was just starting, no money,15, and spamming everywhere. I hit you up with that
Probably not. I'm not sure I can make NY - I took this term off from teaching and everything i$ tight. ;)
lmao....NO MORE FOR ME!!
Letting go of everything I've been holding onto.
"Just invented the word “bro-ner.” Still working on the definition. - "
yea they're loads of fun!
wait u gonna unfriend me on fb? (checks behind couch) (checks osamas crib) (checks doras backpack) nope still cnt find a fuk 2 give! \(-_-)/
that's awesome, I wish him the best of luck and will do anything to help out
"Tomas Alfredson, Joe Cornish, Duncan Jones, and Cary Fukunaga were all also shortlisted for the job." We can all blame X-Men for this.
five feet into the grocery store and already someone failed to "keep moving or get out of the way"
Lol : Adolph Rupp was presented with the Adolph Rupp Trophy last night. Here's video of the presentation
All set for my first Pecha Kucha presentation tonight! What a wild ride it will be.
H&A Travel & Coaching Schedule(cont): San Antonio TX March 8-12; Illinois & Indiana April 12-17; North Carolina April 20-22 (cont)
heard you spent some time in Dallas. What part? What school did you go to?
please follow me?(: my life would be MADE!
3 in the morning get it poppin in the parking lot
what are you watching
I will be blues jamming in Denver, CO on Sunday, March 18th. Details to follow soon!
hey the Sunday 9p show at the Lex Venue is official. Bring your crew.
I'm done working for today, so i'm heading back to chicago, i want to chil with a beautiful girl tonight. time to get that in the works.
":It's annoying that Facebook bought instagram.Now it's going to suck and be full of 50 year olds, weddings and babies.I quit."
People all over the world... join hands!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: As with the rest of this beautiful life, you usually get more in family law with sugar than with vinegar.
Making.It.Happen. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Make sure you Link and Build with
lol you silly
This week has had literally some of the nicest days
255. Don't get it twisted. 7 catches
Oh sake
Cant sleep who's up???
Hey , come play for the man. WE WON'T BOO YOU HERE. <U+270C>
I had a dream about you!
Have a good night, Anita. :) I hope your last camshow of the night was great!
agreed! Thinking outside the box helps to build #brand identity.
you have brown hair :) >> :P
Third time we've beat Cathedral...hahaha
ah yes of course. Sometimes I hold up my glass of wine and look at you through the glass like a magic window.
enjoyed my first experience with Firehouse Red tonight! Try it soon.
I got you RT : follow me:)
2 chainz - No Lie ft. Drake . This goes hard. Ill definitely be bumping to this in the car!
Playing games
#seamless iPhone app really starting to bug me! Lame non ability to cancel bag items, or order,nor view order history...
just tuned into #lifeclass and already crying
I've been working like crazy and have no time to do anything...but 70+ degree weather makes just about anything okay.
only because girls aren't happy unless they're being materialistic
I'm still using the old Twitter. Does that make me Amish?
Had a really long, busy day today.
Don't forget to request Rosella on 88.7 WJCU! Ctown! Turn on and listen to your local authority
Getty bf and u will be happy
On a different note, who knew that Roy Hodgson was capable of winning at Anfield?
Thanks for the S.O appreciate the love bro.
THIS! : I haven't been this confused on why America was still voting since Taylor Hicks won American Idol...
#FF people I RT this week and some other people but whatever check my feed if you're that interested
If you can't believe in yourself, believe in ME!! Preston Dynasty Realty... Powerful and Definitely Rich! Live The Good Life.
The Ides of March.... Hm
Sampling today westgate in austin. Making delish coffee cocktails till 3pm. See ya there!
hahaha dan its all fault right?
": new york is not all what people think it is.." Yeah it is
Possession: MCFC 81% QPR 19%. Wow. Says it all. Well done this season. Enjoy being called The Champions.
Let's take a gallop poll and see what everybody thinks.
Change of plans! We're planning on doing our video review of Khan BBQ on Saturday. Are you working that evening, too?
I think there is an element of personal responsibility when checking in. We're all about people meeting, so checking
How you gone talk shit about someone and be their best friend the next day...
What's up union station!! Is it just me or has it been a whole since we've seen eachother? Window opens at 11:15
I dont think so - its all ages im quite positive!
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save. ~ Will Rogers
Proud to announce that #JBCreative will be working on another project with the amazing Watch this space for more details!
LA what's going on tonight? No plans on a Friday night!
Ugh im so sick!
The postman just urinated in someones garden....
:) According to some article sis read, he's playing... somewhere, I forget, in an independent league.
Happy Friday to you, Holly! Are you getting ready for your big trip?!
are done! Contests to everyone you deserve it. Motivating :)
lol I haven't eaten though -_-
": got my ballot...and you got my vote."~Thanks for your support good brother! 06!
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. – Jim Rohn
Big Match up against GOING FOR THE BIG LEAD SWEEP!
none go to bed
For the first time in decades, now available, the music of St. Germain: L'incostanza Delusa Suite. Check it out on the iTunes store today!
Because they gave everything they had on/off the court while wearing the jersey..always proud of that
Yea I'll be there. Thats would be awesome! Thanks you.
Your blatantly handist rhetoric is uncalled for.
I feel so lonely
"Do hate and love live in the same house?" Domestic Workers United Workshop
I listen to music the entire time in in 3rd and 4th period
Great performance on Carson Daley! This is the first time I have heard you play. I am moving to Austin soon and I'm excited
You are welcome! It was fun. Have a great night!
the sun began to shine just as you teeeted that
Buying stuff at the store* CASHIER: "Are you buying all these? :)" ME: "No, I'm stealing them. I just wanted to show you first."
anyone have a spare google+ invite? ! i want in!
some chris brown song
*** T-REP "Club Rockin" Music Video *** On May 20th, 2012 at 4:00pm @ FAB Studios 6167 Memorial Drive, Unit C, Stone Mountain, GA 30086
As much as I will be sad to see depart from NYC, one side effect is going out with a bang. Tonight: Nobu.
Please tell me more about how your so excited for coachella...oh wait I forgot no one cares!
No (guessing). Maybe they'll keep a TV in the press box for you guys. An arena-wide announcement wouldn't surprise me though.
Monday Special-Yucatan Shrimp Taco $3.85: Achiote marinated shrimp topped with pineapple and avocado salsa.
“You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger” - Buddha
ME3 insanity difficulty on my 360 up next as well as playing through ME2 and ME3 on my PS3.
Jason Giambi is the definition of jowly.
Knowing what’s right doesn’t mean much unless you do what’s right. ~ Theodore Roosevelt RT
A BIG thank you to everyone who wrote letters on behalf of The Newark Mosaic. Thanks for your support, it means a lot to me.
Why in the hell am i still awake.
I'm really hoping Scott Hetsko will tell us there will be no rain tonight in the #ROC I just washed my car!
climbin the White House! And its all on me
what's up hunn
“: Y'all ready to watch what happens on #DWTS ????? Hope I stay on guys.” ready!!!
I mean, I'm going to do some research, and you don't have a mfm reader, so I'll bring my own?
All drinks with the exception of Red Bull are ONLY $2 after 8pm tonight!
Check out WZAP AM 690 today, 9/15/11 at 10:15 AM! I will be interviewing, and discussing my music and more! THANK YOU!!!!!!! Love you guys!
Artist 4 Custom Beats Email Me @ With A Request! Also Check Out The Beats On MY SC @ SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
"Mayweather vs Pacquiao" MAKE IT HAPPEN
think of fashion & you'll never be bored
Happy New Year From Me & The Team Join Us 2nite West Orange County12270 W Colonial Dr zip 34748 C U THER
: Rev Franklin Graham apologizes to President Obama for questioning his faith
Day in the life of Administrator: coffee, answer 50 emails, coffee, answer H.R. question, coffee, resolve computer glitch, move paper, 11 am
indeed one big room full of bad bitches lls!!!!!!!!!!
Be honest, have any of you already broken your New Years resolution?
Off to Monterrey, Mexico!!
Heeeyy there! Miss you too. Well where have you been hiding?
thank you Autumn! Happy New Year!
Does anyone know about the unlv festival or something like that going on tonight??
how r u and Dom?
#Missing was a great show. Sad it won't be back. I might have a girl crush on
Smuts r gods greatest creation!
my pleasure! looking forward to checking it out.
do I get to pick which ones?
Oh well. Good night Twitter.
Good night beautiful world. I'll see you in the morning. Be good to yourselves and those around you.
We just got our accredidation from the Better Business Bureau :)
gutsy pick maybe he can have a debut like Castro
Bullshit. Got to give a couple of bucks.
Dinner at my absolute favorite spot and sadly our last night
and can I get a hug from u guys tomorrow at the House Of Blues?
You can be anything you want to be, if you only believe
Ron Paul might preach the gospel of hard money but his campaign had a $2.2 million credit card bill between May and December.
I need to find something to do tonight !
Happy Friday! Wonder what's on the agenda today?
Put Kobe on the bench plz..... OKC!
I'd call it necrositions.
get it then fella!!!!
LMAO u should have said u were diggin' Cristine and she smelled super yummy~that's why!!!!
Here we go. Today I graduate high school. A bit nervous, but ready I suppose. I can't believe the day is here! :S
despite being a librarian, I teach 5 classes a day so time is limited. :( Long list!
They say the fist stage of recovery is acceptance...Hello, my name is and I'm addicted to
Whos wants to hangout??? :)
have fun tonight :(
after all of these years we are just now following each other?
Our designs will go out for printing with in the next week or so! I hope you and everybody else are as excited as we are!
Finally got into SLJ site to read ALA candidates' statements only to find that they misspelled 's name. 2 Rs as in Ringo
hell yeah shout out to krit thats my dude right there bc im here in the south and they bumpin krit down here
good to have you back give me a call once u r settled
Hospitals would save themselves a ton of money if they could figure out how to send one bill for all charges & all family members.
jus maintaining. How r u?
i g2g to bed night
Red or F3?
Happy Birthday Cuz may God bless you with many more
Was just told that I shine like a star
If a person doesn't want to be with you anymore, dont ask questions. Just let it go and they'll realize they lost something good
#HappyMemorialDay Thank you to all the men & women who have served our country!
how u doing
That final question has me in tears.
Disgusted and LIVID.
you can never have too much of a heart. :)
Happy birthday may the year to come be more magical than the one passing.
Finally, Obama!
Worst. Super. Bowl. Ever.
Ahsumm. RT : I see that someone found my blog by searching "taking the PSAT as a softmore."
Nice word! Thanks.
At the Surly Goat celebrating my boy Derrick's birthday! Loved seeing & Brent tonight!
And he's still staring!!!!!
haha oh I know I cant stand that gaudy orange as LeighAnne would say in the blind side!
ANOTHER REINING ENTRY!!!!!
m a new york style bagel with cream cheese to start my day before another long day of work!
Gross dude, don't be gay
Haha that would have been great :] And that's awesome, I'm glad you like the stuff! We'll have some new stuff for ya too soon!
loved seeing you today ! Thanks for stopping by :)
San Antonio: Isol. storm today & tonight. This weekend will be warm in the mid to upper 80s. Today: AM Fog, then mostly sunny. high 86
I'm betting on Borel this year!
is playing F. Scott's this evening with Rich Adams and Steve Forrest.
THANK YOU: Liam Reddy, Derek Astles, and Dani Moz. Killer performances at the Cantab last night. You all ROCKED.
favorite metal band. Go.
Bop is a vienna sausage so naturally NY strips are going to look smart
you forgot Bob Uecker's classic line "including nose hair" in that last tweet.
Do you think bands need their own web site? I DON'T!!! Buy your www... point it to FB... and start an email list to keep track of your fans.
RT : Open bar 11pm-12am Fridays See ya all there after having the best burger EVER! Oneburger Miami. E.
My underwear bomb is newer than your underwear bomb.
We're completely mobile, so we venture to different areas of #PDX weekly. You can find us on the 16th!
RT there green salsa is the best but not the spiciest. >>> it was pretty dang tasty!
Wow I jus woke up bout to cook breakfast n hop on this 2k12 yea
Right back at ya, Tony. Happy New Year!
Tired of the same old stuffy club with the same old music? Live music is an experience! Text THESTAGE to 42828 to get on the list.
There's gonna be times when Hannah Montana tells you nobody's perfect... that's when you scream; Austin Carter Mahone bitch.
Squeezing in another film over lunch - world premiere of 'Leave Me Like You Found Me'
& LIVE TONIGHT AT
not sure yet! i have a ton i'd like to do, i'm trying to narrow them down. and upolad like a different genre from the last.
Lightning talk: Becky, Grad student, MICA. The Baltimore Textbook - urban theory textbook for K-12 students.
Congratulations to Hal Bedsole of Reseda HS (CA) on making College Football Hall of Fame
Seriously where is the sense of urgency? We are playing a FUCKING A team.... I can't stand the Brewers right now.
I had forgotten about that shirt! Going to have to get the deal too :)
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. Martin Luther King, Jr.
I NEEDED ALL WHITE LEVI CARGO SHORTS.....I GOT EM!!! WITH MY ALL BLACK KSWISS!!!
City Center Tenants: Tenant Appreciation Event TODAY. 70-90% off Brewers ticket packages, golf, car care, dining, and more. See you there!
Dear disneyy can we get sum positive thing on disney channel insted of eating disorder.& etc cuz last time I checked its not funny smdh
Zac Efrom is so damn sexy.
What about the California? RT : I am a Ferrari girl too but I hate the 458
tracking a Xmas song for a Bfire compilation. Pat just called me the "Bob Ross of Pianet players".
Your Moving??!
watching the boondocks <3
happy birthday jamie
knew that was commin
Just finished talking with a super cool archaeology professor.
Thank you for the kind words! RT : “: Finally got my shrimp and grits #HappyDance”...the best in town!!!!
Wow! RT : RT : The only way this game can get worse for the Lakers is if Kobe breaks down and rapes one of the Mavs.
Great profile on Jordan! Kid is a beast.
Get. Your. Fucking. Popcorn. Ready!!!!
i would b respectfully happy if you could make it a hit, & would only expect what You think is fair 4my contribution
rest-assured, he made it safely across the road -- one of the many joys of working in a forest preserve.
Photo shoot, Trina Turk
Don't talk unless you can improve the silence. ~ Jorge Luis Borges
Yeah!! Recording tomorro, its gonna be sweet
Don't forget to wind your clocks ahead one hour tonight!
Book club mtg tonite - looking for some "must-read" recommendations from my tweeps!
I just finished 'Breaking Stalin's Nose' it's totally in my top five favorite kids books.
cant wait!!! Im pumped!
You guys rock.
a sphincter says what?
call: (516) 608-0189 for more information. This could be your solution if you cannot go the conventional route.
your welcome! Your so lucky i am still trying to get him to follow me:/
It is telling that when 4 staffers leave your campaign no one cares
im in my own lane...
at press conference gasser asked about how good of an actor brandon paul is. jordan taylor looked like he almost lost it at that one.
#10 I love Audrey Hepburn. She's so amazing. and gorgeous <3
Cool. I'm lovin' this. How'd she get in . .. and who is she? Was she rambling? Did they escort her out? Dish, Man dish.
Invention and dreams are two sides of the same coin. An invention comes from dreams. An inventions actualization is a dream come true.
Don't be selfish with your blood! Blood drive in the ballroom until 4!
Not only do we have the best Korean BBQ but we can cool you off with an icy cold adult beverage from our full bar as well!
conquer today for tomorrow isn't certain.
what exactly makes one person more successful than another? The answer in 20 minutes - tonight at 5 PDT
Ohh I see :) Well your dress is gorgeous girl
good morning! How did everything go yesterday with your dad?
Most absorbing finish in EPL history and FSC with ZERO attempt at a half-time show. Cue the machine gun....
the Poetry Novel is called The Book of Poems of That Traveler BY: Joseph D'Ambrosio please check it o0ut and hope you enjoy it looking at
thanks for #believe ing & retweting #faith being d supreme medicine..prescrptn. take faith daily, with a full glass of gratitute
* I ate a big ham and cheese sandwich!
I don't like how the iPad won't play my Music Videos :( And why none of my TV or film are showing up anywhere... i'm confused
Vegas its Early and already rocking @ the TEQUILA SHACK! $2 Tequila Shots. Who!
Fairy tales don't always have a happy ending, do they?
I get to c myy boo tomorrow <3
I don't make deals for the money. I've got enough, much more than I'll ever need. I do it to do it
And the Grammy producers thought they were set for tomorrow night #better get the coffee
Happy Valentines Day to you too:-)
Give us the booty juice! We want the booty juice! -rugrats
Recap of apple ipad 3 First Feature Retina display Second A5X processor Third 1080p video recording Fourth voice dictation Fifth 4G LTE!
likes this tweet
M lesbian rice krispie treats
Someone slashed the tires on Brad Bergeson's '86 Escort. Officially, the #orioles don't condone this behavior. Off the record: HIGH FIVE!
i done had to turn up on her ass a couple times.....ewwww..she looks like some shit from underneath a bridge...gross
it is in Beaumont. on NE Shaver and 47th.
Just confirmed as 3rd panelist
fine thankyou babe how did the French exam go? #gladididntdoit x
It's eerie going between the two campuses bc the vibes are now so different. #Univbomber got nada on
yes, but thats literally when it starts moving... so you SHOULD be there before or you will miss the action
Wanna dress cute tonight . Bump what this weather talkin bout
I can't wait for my shoulder to heal so up can hoop again. It's been a month + smh
Now:Met with two homeless clients. One person is so mentally ill that he does not realize where he is. People have been homeless too long.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Barbour & Pike Counties until 01:00 PM
definitely up there. Danny McBride!!!!! Funniest part lol
": The ONE time you raise your hand, and some ass screams the answer out anyways"
We'll absolutely touch base with you about being considered to participate! You all do wonderful work locally and int'lly!
I have a piccolo & flute! I'll have to check the pads. I don't remember the last time I played. They might need replacing!
forever and always <3
It's hard to beat fresh Prima Pils on a warm day
This new HBO show Girls is the only thing keeping me from canceling my premium channels right now. So good.
NO. Sil's is closing? No more mini donuts and nice service??
Good Morning amazing Smile
blahh. i think josh is coming back this weekend. FML
More traditional set up here; no 8 rounds. I've got Kentucky. :)
RT “: Welcome to Monday, Tucson! Note there's a new law in town as of yesterday: NO TEXTING WHILE DRIVING! Big Huge Fines!!”
I have splurged on my office and bought myself a dr who poster, tardis mug, AND River Song's sonic screwdriver. I have no self control.
Ball so hard.. mfs wanna find me lol
Looks my tune Do it Out of Love will be featured on upcoming episode of Dog The Bounty Hunter. Very grateful. Listen on itunes!
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger :)
Find someone and throw a random compliment their way today! Lets change the world!
Rain won't dampen fun. FLA Pres reception moved indoors Lemon/Lime. 5:30.
that's awesome. That should make thanksgiving a little more fun.
How was the Arctic Monkeys show? Did you go to that yet? lol
it will be in Boise Idaho projected this fall. We're in beginning production phase! Thanx 4 the follow!!
hahaha Oh well see your face tomorrow morning <U+E405>
Heat win without wade and lebron?
Heading out for today's library run: Amelia Earhart, Titania, Empire State building--and maybe a novel for the fun of it.
Welcome to Twitter, !
Okkkkayyy! RT : 's EDM house mix playin in my headphones at the gym
when is your next NC poll that will test general election matchups?
had to say it lmaoo ima be back on punishment lmao
Sam is right in front of me!
Off to the natural history museum for the first time in many years
All you can eat buffet at Six Flags... cc
I need a refill (;
Felt an earthquake in nj!!! Thats a first!!!!!
Please support federal licensing of Internet #poker. It will create jobs & revenue for California & protect consumers.
Don't miss the FREE Monument Circle Walking Tour tomorrow! Starts 11am at Borders Cafe, 11 S. Meridian.
Listening to the #socialmedia experts from at 's Cyberposium now! They are awesome!
Welcome recent followers... DJ's, Thx for all the reviews!!!
#DallasBeerWeek pint nights start tomorrow!! Giving away awesome glasses all week:)
I love shades where you can't see my eyes
Where is the cheapest place to get Pho in Seattle?
like smokin' the thinnest air
Three alarms set, two wake up calls coming.. I better wake up.
gonna go have a lil Seattle hush hush fun!
that's right before my "Physics if Santa" talk for the Smithsonian! Def a #thirstmoment for me!
Rumor has it. Ba-da-ba. Rumor has it. Ritz ridiculousness.
on saturday an exam ?
nice dude! Who's the production supervisor? Does she have any work of hers online? Would love to see it!
It's Time to create your best life - learn how through texting yourself...
Does ne one know who "nurf master" or "carter-nicholas" is on tumblr?? do they have twitters??
Hey, tell it's safe to come out and play. All the automatic things are off and I'll buy her a drink or something.
okay no one kill me, but i havent been online for like a week. so whats this about emily? and what's lou's tweet about?
How do you energize your body so that you can achieve your dreams and goals? Are you rested and hydrated and focused on healthy living?
It's just how it is nowadays.. That will happen to me while I'm in London at the Summer Olympics.
Seau suicide, NFL player safety coming up on national Sunday am political talk shows. Congress next?
Ewww You Have Thee Ugliest Voice But I like It AHAHAH
But are they neat? ;-)
Using the RSV translation of the #Bible at daily mass now. Loving it!
What do I get my mom for mother's day??? Why is this so difficult??
Game over :(
May God Bless Me with the Strength to Walk in The Unfamiliar!!
Thanks! #MCDM546 RT: It is possible to have your phone "restored" to "factory condition" remotely, by YOUR choice.
The greatest oak was once a little nut who held its ground. ~Author Unknown
Dear Nicholas Sparks - Please stop writing. For the love of God.
Have fun! “: Off to the Book Cellar. Time to celebrate some Chicago writers!”
I've only gotten to listen to your Myspace music, but I really like "My Addiction." Keep making music! I'll be listening!
Milagres may just be one of my new favorite bands! Milagres – Moon on the Sea's Gate
oh marcy....we should hang soon! How was Italy?
RIP Don Cornelius and David Peaston. Thanks for the memories>
Sounds good. I'm at nhpr all Feb and will be looking for some good places eat in Concord!
"we ain't shooting at the same basket"...
I love him <3
(c) the bottom, but either way, no matter how much better the other crew is, if the crew they choose is in the bottom two they HAVE to (c)
I feel the same exact way about my Grandma. Sweetest woman in the world , and my fam are the exact same way with her
See Your Favorite Advertising People Get Blown Away in Super Slow Motion
All my boys asleep on the couchh ttp://twitpic.com/3biihw
Elvis had a twin brother named Garon, who died at birth, which is why Elvis middle name was Aron.
Shouts out to and making moves a a daily
and just like that, the move into the 6 seed!
no doubt... looking forward to listening to more of your mixes!
John Hamm is pretty enough to be a lady. -Sarah Mowrey
Do what makes you Happy, Be with who makes you smile. We want you to celebrate HAPPINESS!!! our Happy Hour Wednesday's from 4:30pm-7:30pm.
My cough and I will be in Pueblo for the day. #education #crime #inmatedeaths are in my future.
When y'all leaving 4 Florida
bitch fuck you i want instagram hater
thank you!
When people say more than they should, when in the first place you weren't supposed to tell.
Sometimes I wish I was a celebrity so I just ask all my random questions on twitter instead of actually looking it up like everyone else
Yes, but isn't 40 American only 36 Canadian?
After flying home I have no desire to go to the grocery store. It's pizza and a bloody mary at the Dogwood instead!
I'm so glad there is #spellcheck and #autocorrect in my life.
u promise who
Third phase of museum development - Social Service
I know! Crazy. 2k is steep. I still need to figure out a budget version.
Sadly, I'm a recovering Catholic. I'll probably spend the rest of my life undoing the lingering damage
why do i feel like i already ruined everything
these stereoscopics are great, even viewing on an iPhone! Thanks ;)
its weird to think that I'm gonna be in high school next year! :O
btw... this is Jaime tweeting with you today. :)
My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher. - Socrates
but can a tomato eat a tomato?
Thank the heavens for the March Madness Live app. It makes this wind bearable.
Hey what should I do about the mifi? Will you survive w/out internet for a few mins?
Everybody in Baton Rouge needs to be at BRCC tomorrow for 1 pm for our women's game and our men's game at 3!! Let's get it!!
the red vino all 4 it! Do think I'd prefer a smaller crowd though..Kinda creeps me out sharing tub w that many LOL!
na things changed
Congress will only work together when the money is taken out of politics - Its the ONLY way. Money is the root of the problem - lets fix it
I loved Catching Jordan. Do you follow your fans?
Can the rain pass by like right now?!
Aw, I'm sorry. How about corn nuts? Sunflower seeds?
lol we sound lik spys on a movie! But I erased everything about him..
Word of the day, swagg, wait u use that word everyday, darn now I need a new word :(
I'd like to access my movie files on a
you made some of our FAVE buttons! Yay!
I love you
Hate it when people say "I would love if Jelena broke up" guyss you need to think about how Justin would feel!!
Busy weekend full of great performances! Hope everyone had a great weekend. 4 remaining shows of Arlen and Berlin at this week!
on #Glee still awesome and funnier than ever! Get it gurrrrrrrl!
Mine's more like the low rumble of Muddy Waters or Howlin' Wolf when I'm writing.
“: buh igot this Crazy plan to Just shoot for this modeling. buh its good to have a plan to fall bck on” go for it
Hello Celtx AWESOME site .Can you please add editing support for Internet Explorer.
not down with the sushi
Downtown Abbey just sang it's swan song after less than one full episode. I really wanted to love this show. Gave it my all.
“Do Unto Other’s As YOU Would Have Them Do Unto YOU.”
<U+FFFD>FoodBlogCT: Lindt Clearance Sale at Cape Quarter on Friday #news - buy one get one free on ALL products!
Conductor, this bus was very slow! Oh, I expect we'll pick up speed now you're getting off!
Ditched Vancouver idea last minute, boarding for cabo right now. Landing at 1110 local time
9 picks for only $25 tonight! Hop on this hot streak! 39-17 last 56
I hope my kitty comes home! :(
weak! Are you still moving to Ireland?
OH MY GOD NIALL LOOK AT THAT NANDOS. tunchi (:
Fucc its raining
"I want to wake up next to you" Bitch I NEED my space.
Great question - I don't know but will research!
I am interested in art as a means of living a life; not as a means of making a living. ~Robert Henri
I find it useful for professional things - getting headlines w. links around topics I follow - Fcbook not so much.
November release date for eagerly awaited Halo 4 - The Grocer
Trash pick-up provided by city on public streets is the law. Period. Private streets are different animal all together.
GETTING READY FOR JAMAICA. I AM SO HAPPY!
: Help us get to 3,000 Followers...we're almost there! You may be the lucky winner of 60 FREE driving minutes!
Significantly Updated 2013 Toyota Venza to Make North American Debut at New York International Auto Show
Thank you honey :*
they're just jealous Chad...lol
Cursive and crossword puZzles do not mix! Especially when going down
Movie night to night?!?!?
Quote of the day: You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions – Naguib Mahfouz
Watching #intervention. So sad.
It is not too late to join SciCon 2011! Links.DiscoveryEducation.com/SCIcon - Patti Duncan is about to start the opening keynote!
It's a Beautiful Morning! Let's take a walk outside in the sun! Hope you all have a wonderful day! :)
The problem is being away from the computer all day now I feel I must catch up or something
Wedbush's Pachter dumb comment "Mark & hoodie.. mark of immaturity.. show respect.. he’s asking 4 money.”
Brooke White and MJ rocked the house! : )
The beauty of music is always in what is said...
I've been thinkin bout ya . Do you think about me still? no phone ,im completely fine with that. goodnight tweeters ((:
Yoga & brunch with
morning babe :) I hate getting ready for school -.-
LOL, well I don't think it's ever getting there. When you come to LA or I'm in DC I will give you some.
lol smh so i stay in stone mountain now
Nobody's asking for free Viagra. Bad analogy.
My girlfriend makes me happy (:
Intriguing paper: Thavolia Glymph on experiences of enslaved women during civil war. Bringing silenced voices to light
Your so welcome!!!! Cant wait to be a part of your show!
Big Show should go to TNA
RT : Forgive someone because you believe they are truly sorry, not just because you want to keep them in your life.
Will do! Thanks!
RT : RT : Today is Yom HaShoah, a day of remembrance for victims of the Holocaust.
Rye bread eaters are less hungry after 8 hours than wheat eaters are, Swedish researchers say! Pair it w/egg whites and some fruit!
What makes us lonely/will bring us back together
My account has been hacked... apologies for any crazy messages.
That's sad. Is that what life in NYC has come down to?
Build Your Own Deck
#GuyCode when walking into a public bathroom or room full of males put on your toughest face to let them know
I don't remember Ashley...what did she do?
Sorry to hear, Chad. Prayers to you and your family.
Workin 9 days strait is awesome
I swear I love Twitter.<U+2665>
I think I have a Mac app that does the web to PDF trick. Runs on command line and desktop. Will check when home.
Maple Spice Latte and Waffle Crisp Mocha !
Ugh. Back to back homers in the 7th? C'mon, Cards, rally!
I'd be keen for an and tour!
This is how I
both! she doesn't comb her hair, she has dental issues, and her clothes are...very casual.
One year ago, YouTube reported 24 hours of video uploaded per minute, as of April 2011 its now 35 hours uploaded per minute!
Thanks for the #gmail sorting recommendation. Geez...did I really read all this stuff???
Thank you for sharing my article!
Still not sure, but should be any time now!
I thought that also
Ohio Independent Film Festival at Beachland Ballroom this weekend: www.ohiofilms.com
myself n are looking for dope producers for the album and more!!!
Everyone wish this guy a happy birthday! --->
In a text to I may have just called Nashville a "honky tonk hipster heaven." Yep, that's about right.
HAHA!! that awkward moment when you're laughing aloud in class and get weird looks b/c u read Josh's tweet about honking at "Bryson"
I want a fag.
Also, since it is now Sunday, can I say I hope we kill some bears today
How's everyone doing today? It's Thursday yet again! This week has flown by for me. How about you?
I hear ya my new music friend. Tons of dreamers a handful of makers!
Biggest surprise of the confrontation #Pacers players got in at an Orlando bar: a TMZ camera was following Kyrylo Fesenko
Went to bed a 5pm and wake up at 8 am. #wtf #imisseddinner !!!
No hot water this morning. Cold shower almost made me cry--too cold to wash hair. TGIF!
don't worry jenn I'll have a drink for you
Omg I am watching toddlers & tiaras & this little 8 year old said she wants to kill Justin Bieber <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
LaBoof James at the line...
Liar liar don't cry on my shoulder, you played with fire & smiled when you told her</3
Jesse checks of course!
just coming to bear witness
Dance, Kenny, dance.
.. Feelin more tired than usual .
First shoot with the #D800 is looking good, but holy crap it eats up gigabytes.
I can take it, bring it on. and I'm pretty sure I won't have to wait *too* long before it snows here, anyway...
Attended a callback for Fallon Health community today! If I get it I will be paid to SKI!! What a dream job that would be!!!
Got one of my grades back. So far so good <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Glad you liked that one. Be alert!
There are two types of metal music: painfully awful and orgasmic.
Expecting the world to treat u fairly cause u are a good person is like expecting the lion not to attack u because u are a vegetarian
Im so glad the Packers drafted you. Ive wanted them to get you since last season ended. So solid!
Little Green Notebook Affordable X benches - benches for bedroom
Luke Bryan Pandora+ running = good day
aww. Let's make a plan ASAP! Ps. Monkey 10 year anniversary jan 20-21st. Thanks to you...
Email it to me brother. I'm not gonna be on here really much anymore. Thanks :)
well, sleep well then friend.
In need of a nap
#CanIBeHonestWithYou orange is NOT an attractive skin color and neither is the barbie look. Try a healthy size 5 while you're at it not a 0.
wait for what? Dinner or pictures?
There's an LL dis/ Dear Yvette answer record by E-Vette Money called E-Vette's Revenge. LL gets it
I use to take care of my dad all day, but he passed away a month and a half ago, now in kinda lost So Tryna get my life goin.
Excellent hummus at The Hill's cocktail reception. Which makes sense, as it's at the Turkish embassy. Nice bathroom too
great show, I wish u much success!
grads. Congrats Class of 2012. Continue the great communications legacy!
I only get cranky about once every five years, which is a fact that makes other people cranky.
...then he bounced FOUR meters in the air. DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR?
Now following.
I love it
bach! Tell her I said hey. And to check her phone in like 4 minutes.
RT : <~~ this guy is #awesome. He's from #BarRescue" thanks for the love. #BR2 coming soon
lol now now lets not get beside ourself
Indeed! Steampunk robotics style...Neil's got better things to do than drive, like strum that guitar. I'm with that.
Flyer sign jagr and rupp. Bullshit! Even more fuel for that rivalry though. Well if they want to be on a losing team good luck to them.
at least he struck out instead of hitting into DP
uhm 5 and a half then a layover in ohio for 2 hrs then we fly home
Clearly most other tourists here need a lesson in picture-taking. Maybe we can include the view and the castle in the background in my pic?
Oomf owe me some fruit since she was hollin.. Lol
yea if you can
If you rehearse in your mind the sins done to you, you will become bitter but if you rehearse the grace God gave you, you will be forgiving
I deserve a medal for making it through this week without stabbing someone with a fork
Talking To My Best Friend Makes My Day Everyday. :)
Am officially addicted to the hunger games <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> I feel like such a conformist <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Anyone else devastated to see .<U+272D>::::: ROKBAR :::::<U+272D>. close? Full article on Miami Pudding.com coming soon...
uh maybe, we will for sure need help :)
. No one at SCDP really hates soaps--all our clients are advertised on them.
Oh, it's bad. He's literally been here 2 weeks and twice now that's all he's talked about. It sucks!
absolutely!!! NO question. :)
and beautiful weather too!
Bummed as shit that I never see
I love it! RT : My brother was just like "its national library week, we should have school off"
don't believe it ! There has to be a human also (: <U+E402><U+E405>
RT SB Nation Fantasy Evans is out Sunday, which means another T Smith start. If you got him off waivers, u prep. to start him?
OAK ML
Ready to go back to Miami...
It's good ! How's Houston?!
Ap Lang tomorrow morning and AP Stat in the afternoon. I should be more concerned but at this point, I just wanna be done.
#bikini #girls #cafe We love San Diego~!
wrote the drums and mixed in ableton
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you sit by people you sorta used to know so you don't have to sit by yourself & they're really loud and obnoxious.
... and im really cold now.
We are Open! Come get out of the snow and warm up at The Tavern!
Omfg there is a tent village at my friends house woohoo sleepover in the backyard
On it!
Grateful for a parking pass at school and the ability to help friends.
right?!?! wish i could have been in NYC back in the day (or any day really)!
Goodmorning! Soo tired..I have a normal rutine, it's cross country the basketball! And at Friday night games I'm gonna be a flaget!(:
omg what i do ?
"I believe in the power of public schools." Arlene Silveira, canidate for Madison School District at noon Rotary
Can't complain bro just working on my marketing plan to get off these CDs.
Welcome to the District, Mister Payne!
When your final voice of reason has left I can only imagine what's next.
He could mend them, he could learn tomend them
for once don't think he flopped.
With Carmona gone I had forgotten what fat pitchers look like.
... I only asked for 1 thing for Christmas... Box set of Brisco County Jr. .... Hope you get some on the back end of it
Hey Greg can u check ur DM? There is a message from us.
The Jesus and Mary Pancake
they used to let me mix the rock salt when I was 5 yrs old at the Gas Station. I still remember it like yesterday.
my dog just kicked me /:
iced tea relaxing in the sunn
trying to come up w/ good content for the last few tags on my personal page - <sup>, <pre>, etc...
Already on my calendar! RT June 25 is the next , Save the date!
Wow! I had no idea it was raining. Such a gentle rain. Sounds so lovely I opened a window. April showers.
Might have to have surgery to remove my appendix:/
:) How SF treating you? Any good tips. as I should be out there for work in a couple of weeks?
Anybody got dat <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> so I can shoot the <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A4> outside my window?
133.6 million or 66% of people over the age of 18 in the U.S. are fat While ur making tremendous excuses & ur gaining enormous weight
Maybe next time I'll take a vacation that doesn't involve walking 20,000 steps a day.
I think I'm going back to Photoshop 7 (running in my win95 vm I setup for sim city) Adobe's been milking it since then.
A woman's work is never done!
You'll lose a lot of money chasing hoes, but you will never lose hoes chasing money!
Im in love with jesus
I love Emeli Sande! Not sure if she is the new Adele though.
Huge bar outside in downtown "Live After 5" blasting Bell Biv Devoe. Very fun!
and then you woke up... RT that's what she said.
Who do you think will win the NBA championship this year?
Phil Sheridan: Gamesmanship pays off for wily Brodeur - Philadelphia Inquirer
Only Person Dat Cn Hit Da Club N Gt Up Early
Check out ! Always amazing!!! My muse!
I love the thrill of the bus stop bench being covered in broken glass!
Bored as fuck.
To step into our destiny we have to be prepared to step outside of our comfort zone.. be bold!!
speak for yourself
:) An abstraction of a bright red kid's Ikea bath mat during "bath time"
Looking ahead to future "Music Friday's" on my radio show.....there will be QUEEN and there will be Johnny Cash. Journey leading 4 this Fri.
I hate you so much, Gumtree! If anyone is looking for a free Sky HD box give me a shout I can't seem to get it on GT.
Whoever I marry gone be in the gym wit me...We gone be some fitness freaks! I love dudes that are in shape, that shyt is sexyy!
thanx my love
haha oh gosh looking good
Save our #Libraries, #Librarians and #Bookstores!
Just stopped at a Mr Goodcents... outside of St Louis...we don't have them in Indy...oddly enough I saw pennington_jl there...
Loved the PSA on childhood nutrition. Thanks Mika for making this an issue.
waiting for my granddaughter to get back from florida after a visit with her father. always on pins and needles. she is love of my life.
by : Good guy Ray Allen and the #celtics are teaming up to help raise money for Fisher House Boston. Find out how you can do you...
Are these golf scores?
not sure, I never feel guilty bout music I like.
Tired and dreading work ;{
Ok.. Where do you want to talk about it at???
DON'T FORGET ...USA still at war...WHY again? HISTORY says W Afgan/ E Pakistan will always be renegade.been that way for 2000 YRS. GET OUT
yeah you're lucky to be alive cause I haven't killed you for lying to me lolol
Seeing #ThinkLikeAMan a 2nd time to catch all the jokes we missed the 1st time & keep it #1 at the box office!
we need an anniversary soon.. Lol
Wait, Rachel, you know my crazy conservative uncle?!!
Thanks! Got it.
great seeing your work on Hurricane Season. Inspiring movie.
I'm down the street from there, but I am a UCF student.
Just got home! Relax time!
Independent...public...move? IDK
We will be posting new music on our FB Tomorrow! Check it out! (tomorrow)
Ok guys I thought this was kinda dumb my homework was to explain how to tie shoes I hope everyone in my class know hoe to tie shoes lol :)
S Dot Mouse Exclamation Mark!
Tigers keep pounding them Rangers
Oh, don't mind me. I'm just lying on the floor playing Toy Story 3 on the Xbox.
So ice skating was a success <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Lisa Armstrong of said journalists have strong tendency to quote NGOs and famous sources instead of those directly affected.
I really want a Bulldog. Joe keeps throwing other dogs into the mix, but I'm committed.
Good Morning! The early bird catches the Egg McMuffin! This Friday RT for a chance to win 2 free Egg McMuffins! Stay tuned!
Your like button doesn't work :) tisk tisk... you guys gonna kill ?
can you dm me I would like to ask you a very important question to ask you.
No argument out of me, George! Hell, that's why I started following you in the first place.
do you see men criticized for such minor things?
off with an awesome start! Pablos entertaining with hacker projects. Lot of potential in modeling for gaming
I tell my dad I blacked out today due to my nervous system possibly being an issue, and he tells me I should "toughen up". Wow...
#KimKardashiansNextBoyFriend Nick Judt, that'd be adorable
It's going pretty good. You?
Forgot how to turn off my iPod Touch, so had to Google it. Search result snippets had the answer. Internet - 1, My Brain - 0.
awesome...what are you getting?
I wanna see 21 jump street and wrath of the titans
so much wine
: was definitely on the job today. Seems to be fighting the good fight for #Detroit (I hope)!
Outstanding dinner Lamb 2 ways, Grayson raviolini, and the best beignets ever. The view, the service, and the wine list...
thank you steph!!
Book sale at the library this morning. Quick, somebody, take away my wallet!
Woopty doo, I'm getting my throat pierced like this week ;)
Did you know we had MLB All-Stars, Olympians, and a world champion boxer on campus this weekend? Read about it in today's Point Weekly!
Idk what school do u go 2
You And Me Both. RT : Now I'm stuck at the crib bored denna a mug..
But you are right about Wordpress. It could be a huge resource in fifty or a hundred years. But will anyone be able to get to it?
Mind over matter
In the event of a #zombie outbreak, make sure to shut the door behind you as the #undead often come over without calling first.
too bad
Judging in progress
Your going to LOVE the #CoastalClassic!!
#DEEPESTSONGSOFALLTIME Moments - One Direction
I couldn't believe it! *I* just called them so they could deal with her shooting up...& they wanted to arrest ME! WTF?!
Do the Suns intend on running Hedo at the four on the regular? That could be ... Interesting.
OUT OF 21.5million people is FOLLOWING ME!!!:) #CRAZY:D #blessed #grateful #appreciated:) thanks Justin. #WELOVEYOU:)
": So over that scene! #content .. Btw Crop those 2 bitches out." Who paid the one to be there that night lol
call me..
How's it feel without me baby?
Going to #txla12?! Come meet Marcia Clark (yes that Marcia Clark), at the Crime Time Thriller panel Thursday at 8:30 am!
you guys make an adorable bro/sis pair!! :)
One of those days that makes being an unpaid intern worth it. Sitting in an office listening to music with people that love music.
As a former medievalist and LA native, I was excited to discover your book when doing a Chaucer search. Will read it soon.
We are heading out to Dallas to visit some friends.
The next person who dares to suggest that a punching bag is as emotionally rewarding as smashing furniture is getting a chair to the jaw.
#nowplaying Ellie Goulding "Lights" text at 69822 if you like!
Travolta today, Tom tomorrow.
Of course. Thanks for taking the time to speak with us. Much, much appreciated.
Just got an email from the Nittany Lion Club promising a "pro-style, high energy, and innovative" offense this season. I feel better already
I just want to get testing over with. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
you can get it at your local liquor store.
chocolate wasted
Listeni to proud of u
On my way to school then rehersal. Love you guys. Enjoy the day. xxoo A.L
i guess...still very upsetting.
How do you go from "baby stars" to "big stars?" In my latest blog I tell you seven strategies. , ,
$108m on the military, $16m on education. Priorities! MT If the U.S. govt won the $540 million lotto, it would be spent in 75 min.
Just heard a guy at the train station praising Christ thru music. #justwhatIneeded :-)
I'm so impressed with Dy's experience and knowledge of dog-think.-Andrea R., Dallas, TX
my main cologne smell , usher >
Poo! It's a shame we aren't there. :(
FOLLOW ALREADY OR I'LL HAVE TO LICK UR TIT.
The Knicks offense is dumber than Zooey and Siri.
adoption is fantastic but we need to keep pushing #interoperability if we want to impact patient safety. #
“: And Tampa Bay will take Boise St. RB Doug Martin.”
I miss Kosova :( <U+2665>
Spiced pecans are THE JAM.
Why don't we still have Ryan Madson >_<
Fifth day in Chicago and the only picture i've taken is of a trashcan...
Thanks for listening however you can! :)
Financial constraints force several nursing homes to close their doors
Yay! I made a difference. Go Team Joshua!
With my beautiful sister watching anthony de mello! Hyfr! Errthang is going to change!
RT : Each day you have another chance to change your life. Take ownership of your future. Discover your direction and follow it.
Porter Square: 2x flavor change this week! Today we've got ever popular Creamsicle. Wait until tomorrow to see what we'll swap rose with :)
Well, tonight and tomorrow night are sold out, but you can still catch Play it Again, Sam Sunday at 2pm or Fri-Sun next week. Don't miss it!
getting used to mine for coding and like the effect. Wore them to hang out after, ended up with a headache.
Hi, Lisa! It's great to be here. It's been awhile.
#Yikes RT : HANG NAIL !
errm, if you must abbreviate, use 'Nottm' as in Forest rather than 'Notts' as in County
You can get that at a place near me for half that. I say it's overpriced.
Hey man its JD. Text me your cell num. I lost a bunch of nymbers when I got a new phone
Unbelievably #tired!!
Thinking about how to cut a "butterfly" into a walnut slab to prevent a natural crack from opening up further. (I did this earlier today).
just got my nails done <U+E056><U+E31D>
Just saw Matt LeBlanc at the grocery store.
Thank you for the follow! Congrats on the launch of a very impressive group!
When it rains, it pours!
The NBA should split the vote 50 percent fans 50 percent players/media. No one who isn't playing shouldn't make it
PSSA begin in less than 24 hours...
Odd to think that lots of libraries don't have a strategic plan, or at least "strategic vision"
I'm having trouble listening online today. Is it just me?
Nice to meet you Casey. Thanks for the follow. WE Liked your FB page & RT'd.
I think you meant that the other way...
MONDAY - Weekend High - Cats won. Weekend Low - went to homicide scene on Sunday. Life unnecessarily lost. Sad.
Pumped Up Kicks is such an innocent sounding song, but when you look up the lyrics its so...not innocent.
you welcome bro
The cause of any upset or unhappiness is not the actual situation, but the thoughts that my mind creates concerning the situation.
RT For the $120 million spent on a piece of artwork, 175,188 children could have gotten food stamps for a year.
Lost a battle but I won the motherfucking war. Hell yea!
that is great!
right but at least your getting a new one big papers.....
there is no better way to tell the story of Passover, and that's coming from a Jew.
Thank you, Mike! Gonna miss you tomorrow!!!
": I second that! RT : I'd like to see Shareeka Epps in more movies."Right! Where has she been?
lol me too! I love it when he throws the "fluffy stuff" in the air :D
Beyond excited for DIS orientation today!
thanks! listed u 20x
she loves and misses you too :)
All orders over $100.00 get a 5% discount today only. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code: 4928
close homie, thx for playing try back again tomorrow...
#NowPlaying Breaking Benjamin - Firefly .
I want to see the avengers so bad !
Lunchtime is YOUR time. Bite into a Premium Chicken Sandwich or Angus Deluxe & taste freedom.
Unless you're a very big Jesus lover and won't stfu, then Atheists.
I love me some Bob Baffert. I just do!
I believe Good Morning Moon is the prettiest song I have ever heard. It makes me happy and misty-eyed every time.
Never Mind xx
Girls i do adore
Obama promises Immigration reform early 2nd term there are 11 MO B4 a new President swears in, Economy still weak,already promised Russians
: How'd you know that's exactly the recipe I was looking for??
Excited to be heading to conference with Clockwork is invading NYC!
RT : founder if speaking at #SMW11 about collaboration: it starts w shared problems
History Repeats Platinum Lounge Feb 17th with MercyMercedes. Feb 20th With Abel in Hopewell and Feb 28th at The Polish Club
Sure, and where to focus times and when is enough effort enough … limitations as well as maximizing your personal ROI
what. #confused haha
- #WantAnR8 to get me tired of my A3 :)
Someone like you<3
That's a fun movie!
#IM BLESSED... IN 3 WORDS I CAN SUM UP EVERYTHING I' VE LEARNED ABOUT LIFE; IT GOES ON.
Grr, I wish I brought my laptop with me to work today. I could use this "waiting on other people" thing to my benefit.
That is adorable.
RIP Junior Seau. One of the greatest (and friendliest) Chargers
thanks for the follow. Like your stuff...
tired is an understatement!
They comin like a bat out of hell on transition said mike brown! Lmao!
Here we go again... "140-pound pip-squeaks" Really?!!! Go take a look at the pro peleton buddy.
#CBSNJDebate lot of clarity is missing in middle East relations, who is a friend or foe, Cain says and I agree
Good morning all!
Oh Lord. What done happened?
East of the river bro
OMG i got a video camera what did you guys get?
Marques Houston e Wlad Borges- Circle Remix
Kittehs are spunky creatures though
I really like this pic of you.
Jonathan Lucroy would rather play Football professionally than soccer. Scoreboard fact
Time to make the coffee
The world is spinning, my eyes are hot, and my skin hurts. Either I have a fever, or I'm turning into the Hulk. Very slowly.
Might go to Alabama on June 23
Fourteen hours left to contribute to the short film, the feature film prequel for STRONG MEN! Please support victims of male sexual abuse.
Okay I'm done with this game.__.
Different transfer rule. A fact most people seem to be conveniently ignoring.
finished watching 's new video. Thank you for being so positive and a source of support for all of us.
Its ok Jones, you'll get the next one!!
Excited about the new Reconnection app for smartphones. Launching soon!!
AH thank you! I needed that today :D
UK is down, but I think everyone is just waiting for Cal to say "Go Go Gadget Offense". Convinced they'll win by at least 8
#TLG2012 Beat the registration rush in the morning. Pick up your registration material until 8pm tonight.
I love my boyfriend with all my heart, he is the best thing that ever happened to me <3<3<3<3<3
thanks for the RT Chris :) how is everything going?
landlord is trying to catch us ridin' dirty. too much noise at the brain? welcome to da dogg pound
Wow. If you want to download a single article from the Journal of Political Ideologies, it'll cost you $36. What a rip off!
i loved your performance last night.i think it will be you and Jessica in the end.RT
If everyone could vote for Donald Driver in #DWTS, it'd be much appreciated! 1-800-868-3403 He got a 29 tonight!
Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good, his love endures forever. I chroniclrs 16:34 niv
im boredd. tweet me?
talking to him though (;
God is good as well! Just enjoying a nice relaxing saturday..watching some soccer and drinking some home made wine!
Hey ! What are you up to RIGHT NOW!!
dear Motto, don't do anything I wouldn't do...
Traveling with 20 people from one state to the next is tricky.
Writing my bucket list
I been waiting on this show
One more stop 'til New Mexico. New Mexico is a dry state on Sundays. Drink now or forever hold your peace. Or at least until 7pm.
The heck kind of a school do you go to?!
oh k.
Happy Mumsy Day!!! To my beautiful mum, I'm more grateful 4 u everyday :) love love love spread it like jam on scones x
oh man, once I up my hourly a bit I'd definitely be interested!
Achieve your best body ever with Hollywood Ellite Trainer Max "The Body"
Lazy friday
#vsa2011 museums making happy! We do it, let's talk about it! Yay Dr. Lee
“Vision is not enough,it must be combined with venture. It is not enough to stare up the steps,we must step up the stairs." - Václav Havel
No missing Bush Wacker tonight. Yay for you. :)
So concerned bout my Real life , but thats alright , WHO are YOU ?
I fear the sound of a 5am alarm so much it makes me angry just to hear it when I set it.
I heard you. Nice pitch, I must say.
That sense of humor should be valued the most expensive.
We have summer here...long before it should be summer.
#aligned ~ you lookin #unique & 1 of a kind
Simply a terrific movie. Tears in my eyes now just to remember several key scenes.
my day was #shittyy & #fucked_up I can't wait until Friday
: My mom likes sushi.
Thanks to for stopping by today. Check out his set tonight everybody!
Wow #bgc8 is ridiculously funny.
For the public school parents....It's End of Grade Testing time. Care to share suggestions for successful testing?
Mid-South Super State, Grapevine, Tx....Labor Day weekend 2011!
(PS: it's the last day to enter!!)
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Coffee & Dale Counties until 01:15 PM
It looks like a panda bear!
Great job tonight, sorry I couldn't have stayed longer. Too little time in the day!
Cut three more inches off the mop. Love me some fresh hair.
And on that note I'm going back to sleep...
Awesome, what a great cause!
Well done!
Everytime that I see my cousin I like playing with her and laughing at her LOL!!! HAHAHA... and she gets mad!!!
I talk to my feet like they are my friends
Musings: Don't take yourself too seriously. Often, what we accomplish is tied to luck. Control is often an illusion.
oh sorry love. i thought i did
lazy day for not go skateboarding >_<
He was in a tag team for two years with Davey Richards.
RT : Come support tomorrow at Harambee. Peace and blessing <U+E41D>
Spent a nice hour and a half with my guitar today :)
HOF LB Harry Carson on Sirius: 'Knowing what I know now, I told my daughter that (my 2-year-old grandson) is not going to play football.'
Enjoying some alone time on my night off, ground turkey and a movie.
“: Love puts you in the craziest situations when it comes to making a decision.”
Fine. I shall play blindfolded Tetris.
doing pretty well! :)
Sounds like the consensus is at least Shaq, Payton, and Beaver. Those three alone would significantly change the complexion of this class.
Can't even give me the time of day to punctuate... DAMN
looking forward to seeing you there!
Good Morning !
i'd gopro my entire life if i could.
just peeking in to see about any time in lA for Kisses.
Origin of proton|neutron|electron is still unknown. Imagine hypothetical chargino wino slepton gluino axion dilaton majoron & so on...
enjoyed the College Football preview show. Special thanks to for the Razorback love.
“ God's anger is always for us, not at us. He is angry at the darkness that hurts us, not us personally." Christian Erickson”
Don't forget about VIP Night at Scholars tonite!!! All appetizers, buy one get one free!
So proud of my boy , you've gone so far now kid.
Elegance For Less!!!
The record is finished!!!
thanks for regblogging my post on the NC museum--also, I went to grad school in Edinburgh! Love it!
Canvas Art Shop Provides Homeowners With Treats for Home Decoration
Believe it or not, im actually finding myself caring about the #Pacers in the NBA playoffs. Wow!!!
Currently airing an interview with Steve Elkins which will be followed by Drona Parva, Eliane Radigue and then Catherine Christer Hennix
I'm sending this by tweet & Text if anyone that attended the crawfish boil Friday & the Party @ my house have Pictures please share them!!!!
School! Hope the day flies by! Lol
Will always be a
says Marcus mills
Yay! I have a couple lined up. He's finally coming back to Pgh. How have you been?
Good to see a loyal season ticket holder get rewarded #Clippers. Im still waiting on the Wizards...
Looking to improve your Long Island home? Get a free painting estimate this weekend! 877-912-5252
I literally have no single friends that ever want to go out ... Do I start buying cats now or later? Haha
We are writing a grant proposal letter for Indiana Humanities Council and waiting for Andrew to come and pick up a program. Yay!!
#nationalhonestyday people should just tell the truth everyday, but we all know that's not gonna happen
Ditto ............ RT : I'm hoping my coffee has magical powers this morning!
Showing off my sweet moves on the ski hill.
FYI those zoom buttons do not work in Chrome at the very least.
have a safe trip. It was nice to meet you.
I really dug 'If I Ever Get Around To Living'...his vocal tone sounds different on that track, but it worked for me.
Time for bed.. Excited for my day off tomorrow :)
Bibliography week? What? Where?
Its been a busy year so far at AZHG! Custom T-shirts are Big right now! Its going the year of Uniqueness!
New Fre$h BlueMonster layout made by us posted up NOW! Check it out, and give us your honest opinion! <3
m historically inaccurate
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: Lee Strobel, Joel Tudor, Greg Waterman, The Black Eyed Peas on video
When my mom offered me a talk it was never good “: China, France, Germany, Russia, UK and US offer talks to Iran.
Why did I have to see that HSN tweet ...O my word I'm pacing back and forth to tv to computer to tv. Ok let me just see whats on HSN brb
can someone give my dude tory lanez some cred cuz he be goin n
Just finished church now I'm going home
I'm rarely blown away by political results. #BradfordWest is absolutely astonishing. 10,000 majority!!!
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada ......
Praying for miracles along with you.
I have done nothing productive all weekend but lay around and listen to tsp and fun. on repeat \m/
a customer just asked for my name
Man can dese people get out of my space
I always will !<U+2764>
Thanks to Greater Abyssinia Baptist Church + Dr. Rev. Caviness for not making me leave when they heard how poorly I sing.
There are lots of showers & t'storms lurking around #NewMexico & more are coming! I'll have your complete forecast tonight on KOB Channel 4!
Happy Friday! Trying to get out of the office, the real question is why am I tweeting that. . . Have a good weekend
Yep, plenty of brilliant lines
Woody page
I see how it is lol :/
Is canceling Bored To Death?
yo bro long time man how u been
I can't fucking fall asleep.
I feel really giggly today lol
i miss the sweet boy of 15 that sings ''one time'' :(
Totally failing my history class this semester
I just wasted 25 minutes looking at afashionloveaffair.com. I love that site even w/all it's grammatical errors! Late for work!
Right on! : With Southern Luvin’ & Big Girl Burgers, the menu at Rosie’s Bar & Grill caters to all colors under the rainbow!
seems rather overcast. But cool still.
aw thats love lol. i got some music i wanted to play for you in person but ima just send it to your email
Writing til tipoff... in my zone
So glad you are here!!!! Looking forward to seeing you!
check your email
I like #startupstate - nice play on words. It is kind of long though.
It Would Make My Day If I Got A Tweet From You :D #BeICONic :D
' Hope to see everyone this Friday - please spread the word!
nah dude, you have it twisted dude. i know you dnt want to see me on the court or 2k.
Bella is every girls first name!
Good morning , lovelies. Hope your day is great as you are. <3
gotcha. I'm definitely new to web scraping, so I'm trying to err on the side of caution. Have you experimented much with twitteR?
i follow alot of people xD And sometimes they follow back. [:
And now I'm on the Acela with Chris Matthews.
lol gotta keep the gods happy :P
the gentleman fixing our plumbing is wearing suspenders that look like yellow measuring tape
Talk about a hole in one
Ah.. quite nervous on this semester all of sudden. We'll see.
Okay I'm not feeling this episode. Who grows their toe nails that long.
Thanks, Justin. Simplifies, but where's the fun? :) (Depends on district, I'm sure. #nc12 not as interesting as others.)
He u r so right!
Ingram Micro CE Hosts Its Largest Spring Event - Twice
Assemble an all-star drinking team and head down for PBR Beer-a-mids tonight!
William you and I share the same first name and that's not the only reason I love you. Great point. #RockTheRed and
No, I just love to ogle everything from Boozed & Infused from my keyboard. But I'm going to try them soon!
of course they say that - saying & being another matter ~ 25% of teens say they're in top 1% of leaders.
#Svu opening is already real
Lol I remember in 6th grade when remembering the rap from down made you so kool..
forget it. Where r u?
Did you see #fashionstar ? Was hoping the entire time that Tim Gunn would pop out and tell everyone to "make it work"
Check out the photos of our meeting with Milwaukee County Sheriff's Office K9 Unit!
loving #cybermonday? use code COOLNESS for 20% off until December 1st!
no you wont. you'll be the first he trys to kill :pp
Had a blast this past weekend !! Thanks all!
I am ANTICIPATING your mid day mix tomorrow!!!
It's all about their timing, not yours.
RT Maybe a reader can help: Warrior Dash vs. Dirty Girl Mud Run? They're both August 18 this year. TBH, I want the cool hat.
What me do social media? 'bout time
YEAH :D No seriously boo...Thats what we shall do this summer & go to camp & make other fans!
Happy Friday :)
Hey there, (calonnekikbf3), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Aye you
I can build and create content online. Turn radio stations on and off from my kitchen. Can't figure out gmail on my iPhone
text chris
still here, just super-busy! Not sure I'll be able to meetup this week after all; will email you
Congratulations and the #Kentucky Wildcats for an excellent season. Looking forward to SEC Tournament!
Hopefully I can donate blood next week. I will not be discouraged this time!
Almost approved something to print, and the location was spelled wrong. Glad I double checked
London crowds are always awesome
how can I be a bad influence?
I thought it was gonna be a really good surprise like getting signed.
Cont. "...reduce or stretch out debt & build up capital reserves." -Tom Woolway.
Will you please inform us when the NCAA interviews his Bus Driver and Lunch Lady? That will totally shock the world!
Yo this I kidnapped twitter just to say...#kawalaPussy...lol phone went dead nobodys safe.
Bitches get $ 800 in foodstamps and try not to break bread....
Hearing people sing at the top of their lungs, with the windows rolled down >
really diggin this nfl and nba draft stuff.
i have tuesday and friday off this week. thank you lord.
Ok, it's been 5 days. How many relationships do you all think Modern Warfare 3 has ended?
Thanks for the follow :-)
do we go to school in our dresses and shit?
The Japanese have made a tongue kissing machine to kiss over the internet...but why!?!
Wrong emotion....utterly confused
When Scarface shot Sosa's boy in the car, when they were supposed to blow up dudes car. LMAO....
As my children get older, its getting difficult to find the time to spend with them. When I do, I cherish every moment.
Mel Kiper Jr. is beginning to resemble the Tootsie Pop Owl who likes football instead of candy suckers.
Nametags?! I'm there :) Really. RT : ready for #tcamp12 --redundant wifi, hashtag, nametags, guests from around the world...
I want one
Great! Next Thursday sound good?
i can't stop Obsessing over Mikey's Cheekbones. CALL ME WEIRD BUT FOR A 13 YR OLD HE HAS SOME PRETTY DEFINED CHEEK BONES.
Loiter Squad on yay
Wearing a hoodie and shorts because you’re confused about the weather.
hmm, I do live east-ward, don't I! ;) The #mtida has an open-door policy....
Do you already have the perfect Holiday gift for that 'special someone'? A new Ford vehicle would be the perfect gift! Stop at Freedom Ford…
Family Affair TV premiere on OWN Thurs, March 1 at 8pm
lol me too!
Spring is a time for ch-ch-ch-chaaaangesss
Body of abducted coal trader recovered in Bokaro Chelsea FC ready to let Lampard, Drogba go in youth drive Intervention by Pranab at G-20
please tell me how we just conquered 21 clients today! #exhausted! One more day!
Already here dog. “: u going?”
great info on fruits! The more u know...
Intellectuals are too sentimental for me.
“It’s hard to wait around for something you know may never happen, but it’s harder when you know it’s everything you want
I think Dale Jr is due to win at Dega. What do you think because he's the best driver ever Jeff Gordon is gay right???
Definitely 'More Than This', that's my favorite song :)
I'm at RSO. You back to work yet?
#Work Hard Play
I dunno I think ima do vegas
RT : Heading for today! I know u don't live in FLA but tell ur friends!
RT : DC is still a waterlogged mess and MD even worse - many roads closed. May need actual pirate ship to make it to Baltimore...
Today is also #FacebookFriday! "Like" us on Facebook to receive even more Mashup actions! @"Mashup.com"
I'm sorry.. Just keep your head up(: and look at the positives
I'm calling today tuesday so go get their album #bestkindofmess on itunes for christmas now!!
why bother with Pro Bowl, boring and unwarranted. Please, no more!
decent tweet/hashtag
Confirmation interview was a sucess (y)
Hey go look at me keek (Jazmine Cantu) and see looking like a lion please (:
thanks duder! hope you're well!
idk it sounds really funny lol
If he was like, "Oh, god, I remember that and it haunts me," that would be something else.
#IADMIT wishes she could have my swag but she can't pop like me;)
Today special Sweetpotato cheesecake ! WOW !!!
CPT's production of "for colored girls..." will be back in DC 12.14-12.18!! More info is coming soon. Be on the lookout!!
We're seeing why Afflalo says Kobe is his idol.
I'm preparing an #art lesson to teach my on-going Saturday #PaintingClass here at my studio in #PortOrchard, WA.
There's a Virginia grant where you only have to spend a week in VA. You could apply & use $ left over for a Charleston trip?
": ": My girlfriend sent out a mass text saying happy birthday to all the mothers out there #WOW" lmfaooo!"
Avatar didn't have even half the heart that this one did. Why? Because Cameron worried about the technology over good story telling
lol I guess you're gonna learn to go to the car STRAPPED!!!
Kaner's dirty dangle, S/O winning goal against the Wild, December 14 2011! Ever so memorable.
thanks scott...its been a long 4 months!
I know y I'm anti and nonchalant people give me so many reasons 2
come back!!
Um..i'm positive...
Getting ready, getting ready...
do butterflies get boners
Monty Hall
I'm pansexual...what do you want to talk about?
TONIGHT! Stop in and buy a bottle of lotion, and receive 2 free UV upgrades to use whenever you want.
Mother's Day is May 13th. Flowers are great but a gift certificate for a culinary tour is better!
amen to that
RT : Watched today. Gave me chills. I advise you do the same.
got moved to 9pm tomorrow. We will still be there around 6 though to hang out!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number now call me maybe #CallMeMaybeIBStyle #BoyzCallMeMaybe yeah buddy
I wish would be my personal fitness trainer. Have y'all seen her? Still sexy Plus ripped now.
S/O 2 FOR BEIN SO PRETTY ;)
Heey Everybody, guess what? It's Alona's b-day! Go over and wish her a Big Happy Awesome Birthday and give her some love. :)
where are they gonna be?
the paper is still up after 3 weeks
STOP...... & watch that m'fer hammer time!!!
CARE week continues this week-- stay posted for more fabulous events!
At the eye doctor's 1st time in years. I hate the eye doctor. Need new glasses though. Thinking about the kind Costner had in JFK.
On the way home
do you live around the atlanta area? Sorry new fan here(:
what's the details of your may 9th show? Please?! I've waited 6 years to see you!
whyy is it soo hot out
what do you mean by it not being a big deal?
how do I get my titles carried in your store?
I did the knowledge check bro but the other shit idk
fucking cold as hell outside. oh well, this weekend! :DD
She keeps me calm when im bout to blow up
"The Avengers" might be the least plausible movie I've ever seen.
jc, you've got that entertaining swag.
Seen on PATH train - man eating snack drops a piece.. Picks it up & eats it.
Wow....I was walkin to the bank and this 16 year old kid tried to get me to fight him because he thought I was staring at him....smh lmao!
Good mornin I'm well rested so I'm gonna have a great day. Can't wait until album comes out. I'm already rocking wit #coleworld. :)
RT RT IF U R BORED
“: Tomorrow is mothers day. AND MY DAD DIDNT TAKE ME TO BUY SOMETHING FOR MY MOM!!!! -.-”me too :c
Time will tell if that goal was Drury vs NYR or Briere vs OTT. Damn that was a hell of a playoff run
- We use a "big" camera so it's hard to squeeze in Iphone shots too. We need interns or something! :-)
Call our office on Monday. STH seats are on hold for you up until 24 hours before game time.
had to dump this weeks podcast at 57 min in, thought i was listening to see ya next week though
WTH? That's not true, right?
maybe he's just staying true to himself and wants twitterverse to know that.
all i do is had to take it one day at a time
I think he has identity issues. lol.
if you've never gotten pussy juice in your eye, you don't eat pussy
Having some serious #wsp withdraws thinking about the spring run 02; sad but blessed 2 have shared so many memories w/ mikey.
Its just a do nothing day #bored text me(:
Oh, I'm a great liar. I just don't like to lie.
I think that's an issue with journalism at large; the media tends to extrapolate from Leader -> "Community", whatever that is...
thanks for your well wishes Steve! Happy holidays!!:)
Wow. Good luck in Japan! Practically everything is made over there so at least you get first dibs on stuff! ;-) lol.
PickUpLine: Which is easier? You getting into those tight pants or getting you out of them?
You make me drink that much harder.
"That will solve everything" and we've had our first memorable Roger Sterling one-liner of the season.
would like to wish a happy bday to LFR...wherever you are. God bless.
Check out how sideline fanatics at Auburn, Bucknell and University of Florida rock their #SweetU kicks and game day gear...
0 mutual friends. "HOW THE FUCK DID YOU FIND ME?!"
it's actually Big 10 bias. MSU is the wildcard even though they won conf. tourney.
And an even longer night “: Gonna be a long day.”
dem devils
Thank you! And thanks again for the reference!
Weekends is the freak end
OOOOOHHHHHHH Masai Moon !!!! Edged ? Oh what a run
STOP YOU'RE SHIT YOUR BRAKING MY HEART!!!!
In a test: assert == code is broken raise == test is broken knowing the difference is key to understanding a test
Guess What Time it Is ?
could be worse...3p!
Yeah that is the book! It is a great one.
RT "A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him."
cool photo!!!
was there plenty of Pacino in 13? Can't remember.
Hi - the Book Fairy came to Seattle's Lenin Statue this morning, leaving free children's picture books at his feet!
great meeting you at Big O!
A winner listens, a loser just waits until its his turn to talk.
If you are not standing up and speaking out against child sexual abuse, you are allowing perps to get away with it.
Thank you Thank you lol
I learned that I'm not the only one who wishes SD was more edgy & had actual dive bars. Also nice to be not the only woman who likes IPAs
Working on Fall 2011 Release info.As a Software as a Service (#SaaS) Co, it is exciting how easily we bring new features to you
I would pay to see Reggie and Cheryl Miller face off
Too long of a story for twitter; but I've got a good embarrassing one about my attempt to over-utilize data. Next
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
The only logical choice :)
by George I'd say you got it now ;)
Do any kids play freeze tag anymore??? Or hop scotch ??? or Teader ball ???
I need to join lol. Wasting away my life with alcohol is my only aspiration in life right now!!
what a wanker.
hey, how've you been? :)
people are still in avon besides me? whaat?
Yes, please. I need to earn a living!
Not even sure I have tickets
Getting married and going away on your honeymoon with more than $800 in wedding card cash >>>
Wow... I woke up 4 hours before my alarm.
thank you!
I mean, who doesnt love a giant orgy over a bunch of colorful spots right?
--my neighbor and I don't want something to happen and me have to see him all the time. I'm also scared to get close to anyone because I--
Interesting Peter Gabriel concert this evening at the United Center in Chicago.
Who is a bigger threat to the future of human civilization, Sean Hannity or the orange guy from Jersey Shore?
My phone just picks and chooses the days to have a lasting battery
OH ME, PICK ME ! I AM ! with possibly !
i will try to get someone out tomorrow but i need an alternate phone number in case we need to call you. DM me
We pray for patience with baby boomers who told us to go to college and criticize us for taking out loans to do it.
lol you're right!! I need to finish this one!! You better get the book!
Trying to remember other "switched at birth" plots akin to Puddin'head Wilson. Anyone out there with a better memory than mine?
Add Moxie to that, and you'll live FOREVER!
For nothing dear, Good Night, Pleasure to have you in my followers. kisses
Was feeling a little lost here, then I saw Tron Guy
We love you God. We worship You. <3
Were so excited for the festival! We have our tickets!
lmfao u kno how the pastor's kids r
thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Woo Hoo!! I just signed with a new talent manager,
Wasted bottle of remy cuz u wanna act stupid..ill drink it myself
RT : At 11am ET, I call on Americans to observe a moment of silence to honor the victims of the senseless tragedy in Tucson.
Did I mention I picked up 's new book? Gorgeous. I'm poring over it like it's "The Hunger Games!"
Hello and welcome to another edition of cuda sports , I'm Gabriel Llanes
Amber rose
Glad to have you join us!
I wish haha....did they show that on TV? I was sitting with some of the guys
#cursing at the tv while the #nuggets lose to the #lakers = #wife () kindly suggesting to turn it
I'm not sure how
#LSC help make single "Gettin Em" #1 we need you guys to blow your local radio stations up go now!
*yawn* good morning... Didn't really have such a good sleep last night.. *sigh*
I realized I still haven't seen glee in 3d. Is it still in theaters?
And my 802 tweet goes out to cause I love him. <U+2764> Better?
glad to see you on twitter. Welcome :-)
Thanks for the RT :-) do you think it may change the opinion of a few men?
Watching this #UFC match... Always amazed by the athleticism and determination these fighters have.
Whether you’re hot & spicy or sweet & savory ABX has the sauce for you!
We're excited about a delivery of Raven hand puppets from Creation Station next week. Just in time for From Dark Pages, which opens Oct. 2!
Hey guys guess what? has the exclusive photos from my video shoot for #3LeafClover & will be releasing them this week!
So Stanford might not fade as quickly as we'd like. Now with Murphy and Shittu, the haul of linemen Stanford brought in is out of control.
'Cell phones were amazing 40 years ago, but now they're a real nuisance in our society' -- #GeorgeTakei on the price of progress.
congrats to on winning the sporting news Defensive player of the year award, NAILED IT!
ballers always roam in the same circles
Ok , time for you to get into the airline tix business. The customer experience today is broken.
Shout out to for playn that hot new trac by & titled "Show Out"
that's always hard. I'm dreading it! How is the opening?
m CHOCOLATE!!!
Today's Sports News is damn interesting.
maybe we could enlist & his famous notepad to describe the action
well! how are you?
yes!!!!!! No worries! I am being productive. I am doing good. Working out these Law school applications =) How are you?
Did you get a chance to read Marcus Hayes' game 2 Article? "The offense died in the hands of homeboy Evan Turner"?? WTF?
I see what you did there...
Why do so many comedians in Rochester think that rape is funny?
$30 gift cert from in my inbox. Now I shall dream of Hibachi chicken and Mickey Mouse-shaped rice all day long.
Thanks for your support good brother! I really appreciate it. Together, we can and will take Alpha to new heights!
George Centeno & Dj Tatiana - "Beautiful Day" out this Thursday on Beatport.
Days off & too much time to think.
guess that's a glass half full look at it
I get to watch Sherlock Season 2 on Friday. Needless to say I'm boners.
it takes most people a while to figure things out, but they are way ahead of the curve!!!
": That awkward moment when a girl wears more make up than clothes."
but shay is no loser.. Im a #winner <3
is it #becauseimblack?
If u have to ask....
I'm Fucking soaked because of this rain...SMDH
today is a full day of masterclasses w/visiting ensemble Juilliard String Quartet - check them out tomorrow @ Shriver Hall!
This Brewers team just lacks tenacity without Prince. I am sorry to say...
Don't forget the great defensive stops by Bradley. Might be overlooked but shouldn't be.
cocky, arrogant, selfish, etc wateva u call me its cool i kno my potential an tru powers
celtics ;beat heat ;'/
Ok urhighness, lol I'm at Coco Lounge tonight & New Year's Eve.
“: Not much can beat In-N-Out burger...” quite true, I'm jealous!
Here's my new theory: smoking tobacco with poor lung capacity gets you less high
you're awesome sis! It always works out the way it's supposed to my love!
Great win! ROCK CHALK!
in crits, you don't have time to think. You think, you die.
RT 72 % of ad spending during 2010 election would've been prohibited before Citizens United decision via
man i just realized i had plenty shots last night
Nashville Streakers, would you rather win cash or a tangible prize for the next Streak?
By Miranda Johnson When it comes to Blue Ivy everyone knows she will possess the best of the best, in whatever she desir
Check out The Star's soccer blog! “: There's enough on the blog to quench just about everyone's Sporting KC thirst right now."
Why is the default line spacing in a Word doc 1.15?? Who does that???
- Hope you had a great holiday! Thank you for the mention!
Can you handle it? Can I go there, baby, with you?
Thanks for the RT :)
Can't say for sure, but I think our drummer is masturbating at a Starbucks.
Question: Does the three second rule apply when food is dropped in your cleavage?
Starbucks hot chocolate is the shizz
"can it be that it was all so simple then?" #NowPlaying Wu-Tang Clan
i heard your voice through a photograph.
oh some weird 7 day one my sister recently did in prep for my trip to FLA in a week.
I so bad want to witness or be involved in a FLASH MOB!!!
I think my bae get paid this week.hopefully we get to spend sometime wit each other .n just chill n mot spend no money or whatever
we haven't decided yet.
2-1 I couldn't stay up the whole game either
Our "#Titanic at 100: Myth and Memory" exhibition opens today at 10am!
My highest score on arcade mode is 684! #ballin!
The trouble with unemployment is that the minute you wake up in the morning you're on the job. ~ Slappy White
FOX 12 calls Portland City Council race, position 4 for Steve Novick.
loved your instagram picture. Thank you.
you Austin mahONE in a million(; <U+2764>
you goin to any concerts this year??
Get out of my bubble!!
Okay awkk people are making out.
Local Secret Service chief says he's getting a lot more invitations to parties since the Colombian scandal erupted -- but he's not talking..
Ha! But you couldn't handle it and then paid for exhibit at MAM so technically I owe you a bday present! :)
SO They tied up ... OMG
im not lonely or depressed. im completley fine and amazingly happy. i just need a bottle of vodka simply because i fucking need it.
right right!! i havent even been on in a few days!!! shit send an invite when u get on and a voice message so we kno its u!! lol
Back in Chicagoland from #ebertfest Wish I had said hi to but after seeing Big Fan was worried he'd beat the shit out of me
Front Desk Thurs Nite: Reason I'm reading the kids books, so I can give honest review when sum1 asks re: good #Alaska children bk. Honest!
This guy is getting all the hoes with his googled quotes.
I feel u Bruh I think I just have way to much animosity towards her and the situation that it was and I got put in that I can't
The game comes on tonight .
That was a great voice for the NFL pick in the 4th round. How-ever I think Vontaze Burfict is a 6th rounder.
#teamfollowback :D LEHH GOO. check my following/followers. Guaranteed follow ;D
Watching animal cops Houston getting angrier at humans every second I watch.
Tumblr, what do you mean you CAN'T PLAY THIS GIF!? sincerely, unsatisfied user ):<
Read tacos, eat poetry Sat, May 26 in Highland Park (L.A.) 5pm... be there or be square
Going on fox business from indy, Theisman ahead of me and I heard Ray Lucas was in before, I'm the only guy who wish it was Lucas now!
I'm tuned in!
pre-order "Old, Mad, Joy" from www.thegourds.com
yes you do!
What's the institutional added value from blended learning?
Yay! Dec. 3! MT : Dance Project participants announced: , , , , & others!
have u heard #Tranzitions yet?--Holla back and we'll send u link
Headed to extras at Miller Park thanks to Corey Hart!
Is it scary? Intrigued but don't usually do horror.
I don't know why my kids are so surprised when I yell.
The average American drinks about 600 sodas a year.
Idiot savant of a ballplayer.
I've heard good things about that book. Thanks for the recommendation!
Nothing like introducing a rock star than PowerPoint.
lol. Yes Millennium would ban me from coming to any location!
what channel are the senatre hearings on, on Direct TV
Your a kid stop trying to be older. Be yourself :)
We know yours, too!
still here tonight and tomorrow til about 2. Any good shows tonight?
Hi Jen, you presented at our ICBO congress in Ontario, CA in 2010. Our executive director is Bob Williams. Glad to connect here!
"it's not about who you wanna spend Friday night with, but who you wanna spend all of Saturday with"
omg!! Feels good to be back to normal! Lol how are you??
it was great to see you on Real Time this week, you are a great man!
On the Media silent on NPR retraction
Ah! I want to see, I want to see! Penciled in hours to work on your wedding designs this week. Can't wait to share!
Rick Dempsey's Mistletoe-On-His-Belt-Buckle gag already making me uncomfortable, even before he kicked open the door to the ladies room.
": Dat Cranberry Juice was just so good &refreshing"Wish I had some
"My idea of heaven is to burn one with John Prine"...where does she get this stuff? I'm drinking the koolaid.
Where is ?
Looking forward to returning to a climate where a scarf is an unnecessary and slightly effeminate accessory.
I'm reading your book right now Its pretty awsome.
Don't forget to put the hashtag #LRAH after your responses, so people can follow the stream of conversation!
find dj and get in #THEBANGARANG video he is shooting!!!
Crowley scores again for Philly. Making the match a close one in the final minutes of the game.
great! We will be sure to add our events!
Funny as hell
Much higher engagement with user in native app vs. mobile
Please welcome Richard Thomsen, he joins Property Line's dedicated Member Services team today!
Few things are more enjoyable than pie for breakfast.
I don’t want something special. I want something beautifully plain.
": Melo is insane in the clutch. #KobeSystem level 3." #KobeSystem level jst went down after those free throws
For caresses and applause. +
Veto CISPA, the privacy killing bill!
Ya you say I'm crazy? Guess that makes two, but I never knew that dreams really came true.
fuck all of you
yes this is the last season i think
#Cardinals bringing on a new pitcher -- sensing the #Brewers have something going here.
back is killing me i need three
It's really hard 4 me 2 see the #Bulls crash and burn like this.. especially this quick
Did not like black olives in red tamales, but they taste good in red enchiladas.
a young kid, 15 is my damn age, you be like me, look me up facebook page. - <3
Are you an investor buying foreclosed properties ?Call Mr.D's Painting your one stop renovation contractor.One call does it all 619-562-5848
get your network running up to par with the big guys
thanks for telling me about #dish2011 slideshow. Referencing it in my #MW2012 paper on dig project management.
first week in Feb gone! U tell me what up with that!
I've waited all day to see you on #teenwolf! You have definitely made my day(:
Nobody expects the Spanish influenza!
Lol there was thunder and it was raining and cold now its all sunny and hot!:)
Sounds great!! Thanks for the advice!
discussing on stage We USE
Damn it was so good, I want more......
GUYS..FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
Beyond the internet circles RapTV members are cross linked by our text-network that makes business possible in places where internet is not
Skinned knees and stolen swings?
I never show off.
needs a spankin.like now!!!!lolz
Thanks for the share, Chris!
It's a #classicrock kinda day...I'm listening to "Dream On" by Aerosmith on
haha i gotta make a greeting i aint ever got to it
I wish this laundromat was in my basement lol
Due to jobs, kids, TV, the Internet and more, the average married couple spends just four minutes a day alone together. Make it special!
So much to do. So little motivation.
so far, the market manipulators have not been able to get lasting leverage. The Dow has edged down from its move upwards.
YES! I am totally getting this so I can brainstorm with no limits.
I once got a PG&E bill for $0.02. I really didn't see the point as it probably cost them than that to mail it.
Nice job Thibadeau.
It's a kind of day, who's with us? #Florence+themachine
This month it going by fast....thank god for testing.
A person with #Parkinsons came in wheelchair watching our film after watching the film he left walking the theater.
be careful of the shanks
Until Turiaf cut them weak ass Cheryl Miller braids tha Heat will never win a ring....
rape isnt so much the prob.... its more molestation
Got to do laundry.....so tired :(
hey, you've got that white powder snuggling within the crust of your nose.
she got a little taste & she wants more ;P
I just love being ignored.
Finally digging out of the end of course exam abyss. And if I was this stressed about it, I can only imagine what my students felt.
My weekend to work open to close. Must hit the sack. Maybe tonight I'll land on it & get some decent sleep for a change!
Thanks! It was definitely a fun party :)
bout time
I was more team Nsync
Happy Monday, Twitterverse!
we love you too. reply? <3
Did you know you can follow on twitter as well ?
Daydreaming about buying a cabin in the Virginia Mountains....Why does a country boy live in the city?
On this follow Friday, let's follow some deserving authors! #FF (Or if not following, just say hello!)
Riding round n I'm getting it on my bike ..we out here
jealous that sounds fun
Thinking about changing my twitter name to so people who don't know me are likely to assume I'm someone important.
did you leave me a review...
Love hearing you sing "You're The Inspiration". Makes me think of someone I used to love.
WTF is wrong with your satellite coverage in Chicago? #runchi until
Everyone having a good day? I really hope so. YOU are special :) :)
thanks!! Have a stellar weekend!
The husb and I went to watch the 25th anniversary of Les Mis. Here's to another 25!
hey, a friend of mine might need a temporary or permanent home for her puppy while she searches for a house...any interest?
R.I.P. Nate Dogg.
Hopefully could sleep better tonight.....
Just can't get enough !!!...
thanks for the suggestion. I paid 2.99 to get the "Tea" app thinking it was something useful. Nope, ...glorified notepad.
Hey there Kim! It is a bit of a metaphor. Plus, I had no pictures of me on my phone when I signed up! ;-)
I can't wait for this years Anime Fest, we are SO #COSPLAYING!
Im about to take me a hot ass shower
There's a pocket of Indian restaurants in Chatham Square, with an Indian dessert bar in the mix.
oh my god I would never do that! I just wouldn't drive you to McDonalds instead haha
Finally, someone said it. Good for you! I could not agree more.
and if I wasnt at work id come get you lol
Do #memes have a #life of their own?
thats totally awesome to hear! nothing like a woman thts feeling too good lol
Thanks for the advice, I actually have an Orvis GC from the holiday. Perfect solution.
keep up the good work, Mr. Lesley!
Good to know when you're naming your characters right?
So sean parker might own a piece of warner music group in the near future...dont you just love irony.
Where are u ?
I hate crying:'(
Lamar Miller is fast.. like Kinzo knife fast, slicing through the Maryland defense for a 41yd TD run, untouched. Canes go up 14-13
Qualcomm CEO at #YPO Pacific Edge: 1mm new broadband connections added daily.
Buffet at M? Sounds good to me (as long as I just have to play HORSE, not eat one).
amazed by the pure anger health care reform causes
Here comes the tarp at Progressive Field as the rain continues to pour down.
Dear - Why does your sub task system suck? I think I'm moving on.
Jaguars sweep series against LSU-Alexandria to end season - Victoria Advocate
lol....some people just don't learn, have no respect for any1, & don't care enough about doing what's right. Amazes me. Karma....
It is nice to be important, but it is more important to be nice-download- InSpotter app
"Bruno Mars is like the music version of The Artist... except on as good." quote of the night thus far
RT : RT : #HasAnnRomneyEver Asked her husband whether a working mom would make it on the pay from those jobs he...
Happy #NewYearsEve to everyone of you from RiTE!
“: I think I speak for humanity when I say that the Oscars could use a little more Three 6 Mafia.” Word.
Hell freeze over RT : What do u think needs to happen for the NFL and NFLPA to reach an agreement before Thursday's deadline?
So far tonight's gonna be awesome!
Be careful not to bend to the majority for whom 'impossible' is a comforting excuse for inaction. -Tim Ferriss
“: try to help me get my twitter baack” what????
Students, get published! Lions-on-line accepting applications for Spring issue. bit.ly/yGt3nR
that's what he did when he was at Cedar Hill in Dallas ... Trying to get big ...
I like to be in control. and I struggle against that instinct every day in order to be a leader in service to others.
Yoooo, 20 years since The chronic was released?! No way..... Pulls out cd
Any plans for lunch? What about adding Bach to your lunch break at Kings Chapel today at noon? Bach, suite no 6 in D for cello solo.
morning :D
If you could teleport yourself to any place or time, where would you go?
Just saw your tweet of the fake Baeza Tumblr ; and nahwe I didn't .
Lmao smh RT I struggle trying to go downstairs
According to - over #blackfriday weekend, more than 212 million shoppers spent $45 BILLION dollars!
its cold den a muhfukka n this apt....
Ben Jealous @ NAACP says get rid of all racial profiling Kathleen Ko says comp immigration reform
“ new rappers is cool but we still bump biggie - #ripBIG”
Probably one of the biggest reasons why I would like to make more money is so I can make all these nummy vegan recipes I've been seeing.
Green Juice!!
RT : Thanks! The hardest thing is time management and frequent price increases from suppliers.
Famiky Guy is the best!!
Really moving special about The work is hard and it's not glamorous, but so important for the future.
#cody what's one of the coolest places you've been on tour so far? :D
lmfao can't wait then
So much Illinois pride on the line this wknd I had to retreat to WI. Go 'Cats!
lol. That was a show in the 60s. Your gonna have to come over for a kids show marathon (which usually includes mimosas)
Question: Is it dishonest to not include grad school in a resume when I know it'll probably exclude me from lower level jobs?
SDPD: 51-year-old man shot and killed in Mt. Hope late Friday in drive-by shooting.
I walked in then I turn up! Happy birthday !
Thanks for the RT!
But still it seemed like Scherzer was as bad as Garcia.
Wondering why I have a pile of toilet paper in my room haha
We r waiting with baited breath and anticipation, 4 your thoughts. In fact, we are on a hunger strike, pending your review.
is playing is playing "I am the Fire"! For those who have not, go and download for free off of their Band Camp!
I agree, it's not much of a serious critique. But it's still a *little bit* of a critique
hi. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> hope your having an ICONic day. Love you! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
thank you so much for your support! We appreciate it.
Don't forget to mark you calendars for May 11-13 for our Mother's Day Plant sale.Exclusive heirloom plants & seedling from the CP garden.
I think it was January...Belgrade, boot in Timisoara, Bucharest for orientation.... What Marriott is this? Was I there??
University of Michigan 2 offer online courses 4 free joining Princeton, Stanford & Univ of Pennsylvania. Partnership w/ Coursera
Dwidle your toes under a man's nose, after using a "Me oh my, Pumpkin Pie Ped/Pal Foot Scrubby,and he'll sure want to BITE YOUR TOES
I was on that show once. Hard to act like your browsing
"Cabbage: Life is Elsewhere."
Love that #balloonboy gets top billing on the news. Shows the great aptitude of the media.
Me vs = 1-1 in pots against each other. I'm playing kinda bad ATM so glad to win one against him.
Hi Friends.. Follow .. There is something interesting for you.. :)
make them eat your tacobell meal for every K you record this year
Running on one measly little hour of sleep.
Y r u elated ? Thought HH wanted 2 confront his accuser & prove his 'innocence' ? Very FISHY!
Breaking Bad is so good! How far in are you?
wrapping up another experientially diversifying weekend, including exploring a creepy abandoned flour mill. flight w/ back to ATX
I can't help wanting to point out that housing everything "under one roof" means a single point of failure. [+]
No problem :)
If that libertine, Travado, ever leaves Lorraine, I'm afraid she'll linger, languishing fearful tides; her bloom ablated pale.
pete & john are both performing tonight. Early show @ 8:30 and then late sets throughout the night. Come see them at the pistol!
Cheer Up!! HMU whenever
can't believe christmas is 2 weeks away. It feels longer than that. It doesn't even feel like december yet.
truth hurts. But you bought the others so all good for boca and bk. Bombs away!!
Yes, I watch Hannity, oReily, Beck. Yes, I marched in Million Man March. So what am I or aren't I nothing, FAIR & BALANCE until mañana amigo
Book a Birthday Party Monday- Friday and recieve a FREE upgrade!!
Feeding inlaw's cats and watching The Ninth Gate, I love this movie!
- For Yu To Ever Dick Eat :)
we're not alone “: I wish my eyes could take pictures.”
it's really only troublesome longer term, six days is not enough time for weight gain, mood/irritability problems to surface, etc
hey girl :)
A 'C' is a ok grade. It shouldn't be the grade your aiming for.
I hope he loves me more than I love him.
Sunny in San Diego today! Much nicer than the 'June Gloom' over the last 2 days
getting wrestled down in the box, nothing has changed haha. Digging the cleats though, fancy
" Never be afraid to be yourself. Remember an Original is worth more than a Copy. "
Don't think of coming up without others because you're nothing without support!
Seriously LOVE, and there are a couple prints to choose from!
If you're rockin a smart phone don't forget to "check-in" on your Facebook app while you're here. Thanks for the love Cbus!
Hey Hun! My stay is brief so I'll be w my fam mostly. If I step out I'll hit you up! XO
Your welcome & thank you for the 'follow-back' :-)
The Hot Cross Buns are on their second rise. The first time has worked with Cardamon. I'm sure they'll be delicious
pens getting worked in this awesome 2nd period!
Smile, it’s the second best thing you can do with your lips.
If Amare Stoudemire had watched #ExtremeRules last night, he would've realized how damaging a fire extinguisher can be
You'd think this girl was blindfolded while cutting my hair, it's so fucked up. :(
I hope you are having a great time in #Vegas!! :)
hey too ur self what you been up too
Quarto out loud means room -That party's 2 hot 4 me LOL! RT : Quarto de Mayo the party before the party RT
i always say that lol
He's a bright spot in a stressful place. ;)
everything's going to be ok :) you deserve a night out. but don't get too crazy, you don't want to feel crappier
i expect to see lots more pictures this summer :)
I am currently enrolled at IIN. Have you taken their program?
cool place. you will have to check it out when you come down here.
you buying???
Longest line ever to get out of the Union Station garage-- dying of boredom with
I was thinking this too. A coincidence that Hellmuth and Duke left UB & now all this zynga stuff emerges?
If Cincinnati were to have a local music scene TV show on a good network/good time slot, what would you like to see???
Bdubsssssss with my girls.
I feel great.
I just pulled a : mini Reese's cup sandwiched between two pretzels.
Dear creative recruiters, when is the best time for potential may graduates to start sending their resumes out?sooner, or later?
WOOHOOO and Congrats to the NUGGETS WIN TODAY!!
He made other music and poof gone. i dont think many ppl know what hes doing
Trying to get back into the swing of things today. Did everyone have a great weekend?!
Oh no. The Buckeyes are playing AT Illinois?? It's going to be a long afternoon...
yes indeed! So happy :))
it's really easy to fix on FB if you end up getting hacked. The scary part was that I couldn't tell from my end. I'll keep an eye >
So what are you doing now?? So miss #Charmed! Please let us know whats on your agenda! {{HUGS}}
yes:)) thanks
RT Let's try it again. Check out this article about my 1st year as Councilmember. ow.ly/1Cvllf looking forward to year no. 2
late night runs <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083> >>> haha! love you Peyton <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Very likely a bit of both. :)
even the sun sets in paradise.
If students feel online learning is the same as being self taught the instructor is doing something wrong.
Did Emmit just kiss D & cheat on Bay!!! OMG! #switchedatbirth Saw it coming though..lol
Florida man FREED after DNA testing determined he didn't commit the rape. He was in prison for 34 years.
i start school tomorrow....i have to start getting up at 4:30 am in the morining.and heading to the bus stop at 8:20.8th grade hear i come
I need a place where I can YELL!!! #music_gotta_love_it!
Just saw the preview for Moon Shiners on Discovery Channel. I think I saw some of my relatives on there.
Courting success
insane in the brain
Of course, my man!
soldiers in the US Army wear berets. :-)
You should put one in Phoenix, AZ :)
Im going to roll one now
It sounds good :]
Was it a wilted salad? :D
This ur lil bro biggest fan ever and ive been wanting to meet him since 2007 so if u never say never maybe i could meethim:)!
Happy fathers day to all the dad's out there =]
New designs r bubblin' in my brainz!!
is empty.
I HAVE BEEN READING TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD FOR SCHOOL FOR THE PAST 8 HOURS.
Awww :-), thank you, very sweet
Fuckin a you're a genius aren't you? I was pointing out that UNLV hasn't mattered in many of moons, and sure as hell don't now.
Anyone who says 'Easy as taking candy from a baby', has never tried it. - Anonymous
so not funny
RT : Who's ready for the #knightlife? Make sure u follow us throughout the tweetup tonite for our BIG giveaways! Tell your friends!
RT : 3: Curatorial/bibliog expertise in digital age more visible, important, widely distributed than b4.
Being a hippie in school. I guess that'd be considered
Belated thanks for the #followalibrary rec!
how are you today? (:
Yeah, I am surprised she didn't show that off.
thanks. Clink clink
Have you embraced your #LifeMission? What is it?
I love catching people in their lies!
Great idea! Enjoy the new ski cable :)
they used to sell them at the UCSD campus convenience store but apparently their Canuck employee left. :(
I'm just teasing von von! Sorry!
On rainy days like today, I wish I could just curl up on my couch with a blanket and read 's new book. How about you?
[Just woke from a dream where I was eating out your ass... Best food dream I ever had.]
hooray! So glad you had a wonderful time!
Blisters on the back of my heels from breaking my new shoes in. <<<<<
at least you got to see it. :-o
art is the act of making the fantastic real.
Don't go back for less just because you're to impatient to wait for the best!
bring Keo with you if you come through today, he didn't get a chance to try that spam bao!
but he likes to creep
this should be interesting. I'm going to get drunk, while you get drunk and watch twitter.
Former intern has work in Jerk Magazine, a popular magazine at Syracuse University. Congrats!
Awesome episode tonight...very well done
shout out to ilovecamren prodigyswifey4life and princetonsgween and all of the mindless fans and my follopwers luv ya stay mindless
Stocks slightly higher in early going. Key avgs DN 3 to 4.1 pct for the week before today's opening bell.
It pays 14 an hour though!
Forget that!!! I'm not going to sleep.
Hey Joe, Tweeted the Wrist Bands , hope they sell wonderfully! "FB-ed it too" :) Take care, Emmi
Glad our valet helped you make it on time!
Badgers slim chances | Enhanced by bad play calling | Two runs and field goal |
Digging through my demos and recorded jams. I got about 35 songs in the bank. That's like, what, 15 singles?
Meg. Because small nerdy girls in anoraks are our future.
It does look pretty hot I admit.
3:15 a.m. and I'm just getting up to go to work... and my roommate is apparently just going to bed.
This is so stressful. #ohmygoodness <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Could fall asleep outside
Silvertone for dinner then mobile dev meetup with
People that don't encourage what you do... Smh
The honor is mine, my friend. Play on!
Just had lunch with and Two of the most amazing people you'll ever meet.
T shirt relabeling at low price and fast turn around contact www.reliablerelabel.com
Entrepreneur, product direction, leadership - Zynga's 3 core talent attributes they look for. Employee NPS matters.
I can't wait to see and spark some flames in L.A. 2day. #LETSGOHEAT l
thanks for following! can't wait to try your ice cream sammies! :-D
Do not ask yourself what the world requires; consider what makes you come to life.
NEXT : Blood On the Dance Floor w/ Anglespit, New Years Day, and Challenger! Tickets moving fast... get yours now!
Thanks for the FF
Thats awkward cause I'm creeping you right now and I just saw that.
Time to get ready for NHS!!!
If you don't listen to dubstep kill ya self
Is feeling some kind of way.
Start your Saturday out right with the indoor Winter market. 9-12
it's not enough for to be saturated with wall photos, articles read & shoe tags, but now reminders of someone's calendar?
oh well they only thing i dont like about the summer is that they only guve you two months
666= *=me Bitch
Yes ma'am!! I missed you last week.
lmao can i join
has no days off work again this week!
Finally saw "Coriolanus." Most excellent. Only for two more days. Ralph Fiennes rocks!
3 major RIPs today, Shuttlesworth, Jobs & Palin Campaign. Sad about first 2. 3rd not so much.They inspired. Palin did what again? Child bye.
Waking up early to getting my butt kicked was I thinking?!? #fitness #health #bikiniready #summer2012 <U+E322>
yeah music wasn't paying the bills...and the opportunity was presented to my in a time of weakness. Been here 3 years.
Check out the updated suites. Champagne & Cupid
Id sleep great with ***** next too me
My husband tried to give me a shoulder rub tonight. Told him this was not the day to kid around!!!!!
These are the worst "questions" I have ever heard. No wonder nobody watches MSNBC.
If everyone in community is contributing the experiment, how does 1 identify the individual contributions to the success?
Hello how are you:)RT : Hi my dear :)
now its even hrder or u to follow us :(
“: Never let or me drive a snowmobile again. #almostdied atleast we met our future husbands” TOO TRUE
Just changed my twitter profile and ready to promote and share my experiences
They lie to much
um really
My office had held the nickname "Siberia" for nearly 30 years...and for good reason!
Bay Area Stop Hating Movement check out FLY website
hey congrats i hope yall r good <3 ya
All that mankind has done, thought or been: it is lying as in magic preservation in the pages of books. ~ Thomas Carlyle in "On Heroes,
thanks for RT!
so excited for a lay in tmrw.
well... you can turn on Private Browsing, then nothing is remembered locally... but Bing or Google remember everything.
Explore the unincorporated South LA community of Florence-Firestone
Oh no, I hope bosh is ok!
looks like Swisher means business...he has the socks pulled up today
I guess ill finish resting so I can go 2 my cousin bday party 2nite!! My plate sale went really well yesterday, I do thank every1 !!!
thanks for the reminder. Sadly u will probably logging this
#teenwolfseason2 is so far away!!!!!
sounds like a deal to me, you guys good to go, and ?
I love that feeling when you find that amazing source that blows open your ideas for your project.
let me know what you're looking for and maybe I can help.
There are places not in Brooklyn that serve boozy shakes? I don't trust it.
Good luck with your session
would it creep you out to know this straight grandma has a crush on you? That said, please shave.
Also, you are probably handsomer, though I have not seen recent photos of Mr. Pedia to compare.
Definitely the hardest part is picking just one.
how was everyone's weekend?
HAHA. Welcome I my life. Whenever I'm about to talk , people always ask me if it's about Bieber or 1D.
Biggest game of the 2012 NCAA football season today! Rammer Jammer yellow hammer, give'em hell Alabama!!!
bye bye summer fun for you!
Haha I know her better then her own "boyfriend"
Sublime with Rome Announces Summer Tour Dates; Alternative Ska/Punk Group to Tour With Cypress Hill and Pepper ...
thanks! We'll leave comments here directly. No complaints, just suggestions. It's a beautiful facility here in San Antonio!!
I wonder if Big East will finally pick either a football or a marketing person as Commish. The Providence basketball guy thing is dated.
Don't abuse credit with any business big or small.
Save you a seat?
I need a cool theme song for my life, or at least a bad ass on that plays when I enter the room...like on wrestling.
Guh cuz my boo chester just knock on the door lol I'm pressed
Everybody snapping bout dick Cheney heart transplant
In PPR no way do I trade Graham and Manningham for Turner. In TD heavy format, depending on rest of your squad, maybe.
I'm ready for a Un-civil war. #PayBacksABitch #daddysmoney <
naaaaa im good
Congratz 2 for coming back to Yankees. I hope you are a Yankee your whole life in your way to Hall Of Fame.
Never watched #DWTS before, but pretty sure will win or has won at the 35 minute mark!
Yes! Mission accomplished! LMFAO<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Kevin Steen takes the mic. He reminds Mike and Colt that he's going to be their first challenger. Their victory will be very short lived.
Les Mis Callbacks today! So excited! :)
He looked pretty soft on goal 6 ": Sparta G Grosskopf has been amazing. Five goals could easily be 10. #wiaahockey"
More like your too drunk to ever remember what your doing on here!
why aren't YOU following us?!? :)
Merry Christmas to all! May it be full of joy, peace and cheer for everyone.
So good! Nightmare at 20,000 Feet is my favorite of all time.
What are your favorite #iPhone apps?
RT: Don't just sit back & wait for something to happen in life. Take a step of faith. There's more in you than you think!
absolutely! Inwas thinking noon ish. Where do you all wanna go?
This week marks the start of my second-to-last term of #libraryschool. Almost there!
: long multi step sales process is no longer effective. Current road to sale is outdated. #NADA2012 True!
When he sings to me >>>
RT : MVP of the game should be Bartolo Colon's belt. God help us all if that breaks while he is on the mound
So who will we see rockin' out with us tomorrow night?
Can You Follow Me Back Please?(:
Hey Chris - I am a fellow Wellesleyan and would love to interview you for an ESPN Boston piece I'm doing on the Marathon.
Um... we'll take it
yes, acc. to
it's missing epic pollen induced ha-chooos!
Instagrammmmm! marcyyyx8 follow me ! I follow back! :)
It's back! watch ESPN in the chair only
Great to hear and we are happy to send you samples of our great #GF chips. Just dm me your address!
Dear computer, I hate you. Why are you trying to ruin my life?
Tonight we are interviewing Oh Sleeper at the Key Club in Hollywood
NW Exterior Cleaning Service
Sorry we didn't get back to you in time yesterday! Hope to see you again soon.
Who is
I'm really nice! I was in the whole time haha #I'mbringinggoodies
That one’s still pretty good. There’ll be a good one soonish from , too.
sometimes my boss gets national geographic travel magazines in the mail. i like to keep the ones with the polar bears. is that stealing?
Word of the Day:
Still workin when I get off ima try
We had a great day ! Thanks to all who came in! Come check us out tomorrow from 10-6. 25% off all dresses and menswear!
#mobilityshifts bob stein's new 'social book' will be completely browser based (a very good thing!)
There's Arnold's upcoming memoir, TOTAL RECALL. Lots of that will probably be fiction. You're welcome!
Follow me !!
make it $30
Sound Transit sucks really bad right now. They changed their closure schedule because of seafair but didn't post the right time online.
#edshow AL GORE breaks record by creating more TOXIC HOT AIR than small NUCLEAR PLANT
Jeffery Mair? RT : Way to interfere with that catch you piece of shit Yankees fans.
These teams are really good. Getting crushed. YAY.
1945-#FDR DIED at his Warm Springs, GA retreat in the company of an old flame, Lucy Mercer whom he had promised #Eleanor never 2 see again
that's funny--thanks!
You got my vote!
awesome!!! now I don't have to implement it.
I would be floored to shoot behind the scenes of #couples #retreat2 or a #pirates movie! #dreamjobs!
Everyone follow Amazing Greyson tweets!
better go with a night with girls. JS
By what definition is walking through deep, dirty water something to giggle about?
I am nocturnal
“: he loves me and i miss my little Mia lou. I come oba thursday?” yes pwease.
I'm in the booth w/ goin back to back on a hip hop set.. I can tell he's tryna school me right now. Lol
Let me guess...... 2012 is gonna be your year
I dated an 18 year old when I was 14!
thanks for sharing the track! Keep an eye out for more coming soon.
Taking out their best player like a boss.
we want everyone to join. Even if you're just a film lover.
" I'm sexy and i know it!" no ur not bitch, ur ugly and u show it
you've been injured..in the heart area it seems...by a mini-guitar? And you kamehamehate ukes now. It gets better.
I got a job! Hooray!
but I can still blow your windows out!
November 30, 1929 – April 18, 2012. "For now, Dick Clark... so long."
But has the mobile cooler been installed? RT “: Rubber floor mats in the jet are out. Carpet mats in. Fuck you winter.”
true? Haha cant tell. ;)
Shout Out to ma new follower:)
Never trust a man with a toothpick in their mouth. And u aren't gonna get anywhere with a girl that does.
happy birthday haha my birthday is today too
Today is my last day at KyForward. It's been great! Thanks for following me. And you can continue following me at
48hour film project comes to PIttsburgh. 36 teams, 48 hours, 1 city.
AIM me:
#IfItWasntForTwitter, we would of never been together.
I really don't think that's him. Look closely at his face. And all those tats?? Don't think he has that many.
Also Checkout Our Ministry Website at: www.gordonpictures.org
So LA it is on sat see what they tawkin bout over there
lol so was I yo I got up and was hopping around.
Thanks! Sweep the cards!!!!!
I'm hoping I read the sign wrong but if not it said "Immaculate Conception School"
Raji for the touchdown!!
Let me DM it.
I was at the game today, Rose looked as though his normal gait is returning. I hope he is back soon.
question of the afternoon...coffee or nap break?
Your thirst is sickening, get some cool about yourself.
Thanks! No more RL! ;p
i love you
What it is
Damn...In a stretcher smh
Wow. I need to take a test and the lady is taking forever in the restroom
no problem.
haha let me guess...Trying to win back your rubios mayorship? And yes, you should've done minglestream!
I am reminded of the joke about the accountant interview: "What is 2+2?" Answer: "What do you want it to be?"
speaking of ILB, any available that can boost the GB coverage over the middle? Huge weak spot this season was ILBs on te/rb.
It's FUN rain or shine
Eating dinner at Sensu with the sister!
I agree with appearing in a world tour event should carry more weight than doing 6 3-stars...
good call !
Wow, you like Poker and Revolution. My man!
Tsk tsk bad boy. :p haha. I usually watch movies my brothers rented at the redbox. It's cheap.
great point!
It's a blessing to see another day...I am grateful for everything.
I had one of those first couple of years I owned my house. 2 years ago I caved in and went to a power mower; not going back!
but; follow me
Hahaha aha!(: Austin Mahone's nose just tweeted me !! (: #YEE AH!!(;
What's your ETA?
If I had to sum up my #LOEX2012 experience in 1 word, I'd pick "inspiring." I'm looking forward to a summer of planning & reading.
Pleased to announce portions of our broadcasts in 2012-2013 will be brought to you by
never let people get to you. the way i see it, they can't pull the trigger if you don't hand them the gun.
Giving testimony on behalf of the Biz Leadership Alliance @ the SD CIty Redistricting Comm. Keep commerce areas whole!
Just tried to eat the $10 pizza box...damn ner hurled after 2 slices and a breadstick...
if anyone is interested in donating/lending these items for girls rock camp houston 2010, please DM. thanks!:
4 days to the debut of the first transnational initiative process, the #EU 's Citizens' Initiative. No April Fool's.
I'll have to let my dad know how much you love it!
Attn producers: We are looking for tracks for projects for & email tracks to
: FWD: Funeral service for my sister Stephanie(Step) Gaye will be held at Shiloh Baptist Church in Bennettsville SC, friday ...
Shout out to #RockTheBells and
ROTC cadets choose military path upon graduation
Are we seriously getting a dunkies? I'm from Boston and miss their coffee so much!!!
Just seen a giant Bud . . .
Fire alarms at post and Hyde. Officers running toward leavenworth on hyde
yeah He's a good brotha.
It Started guys. Get Ready
Went to Target and came home on the bus. Almost as bad as when I moved back to college and took the bus from the airport
waiting on him to get back with my car.
Thanks, Anthony! I'm really looking forward to it.
Let FREEDOM RING!!!
well so are you:)
!!! i love that (1) my suspicions about gillian anderson were true, and (2) FOUR separate friends have sent me this
I don't wanna go back out from where I came...
friend of mine did
If I don't write to empty my mind, I go mad. - Lord Byron
The sound of the hail isn't soothing at all
oh my i wanted 2 c ur wanker lol u hava hot sexy body u got msn i ll show u mine if u will show me urs =P
Red Lobster's Festival of Shrimp has an unnecessary passive construction, but it works. Sounds regal, or translated from the French.
: hey did you check out that song?
Giants, 30-24, Mike. And great work with the coverage.
Now that's a FN birthday present!
wishes the #Pens good luck on in 4 minutes
all my shorts fit me big <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Messi breaks the record of most goals scored in a season..68 and still counting
Why . .....do they have drive-up ATM machines with Braille lettering
wow cant believe i forgot to do my #FF's....oh well better late than never.....have a good friday night......yeaaahhhhh..!!!!!
thats awesome... you deserve it! keep up the good work... just dont forget the bean!
You're nothing but a second rate, trying hard, COPYCAT! *splashes a glass of water in your face*
Really excited to watch the Skins and the Eagles...great start so far!
#ItsCrazyHow pple say one thing but act on another
Vamos a Barcelona ante el Real Madrid en el Clásico de hoy!
There goes my life
i hate perverts...
Food for thought. RT New musicians: "Not getting paid isn't the enemy. Anonymity is the enemy" -David Herlihy
uh what is hunching? Lol
Jetting off to NYC with a Supermodel Finalist, Wilhelmina +40 model search.
Hosting a webinar in 30 mins from now for clients - Blogs as a Dealer CRM tool - send me a DM if you'd like to attend
My favorite reason for being a Registered Dietitian: Combining science/food/passion to help others improve health! HAPPY #RDDay!!!
they have some federal funding, have the votes, and won't put it up for referendum. It might go through, regardless of costs.
just confirmed our 3 judges for #CMJ #RhymeCal showdown this Thurs...and our special guest mackin' girl...
follow me please
we are a band! What are you???
WooHooo! Can't wait. :)
Can't have it all. Boo.
awe maybe they upgrading.
Love hard, fuck harder
RT : Have a friend that wears sandals with jeans all the time? He hits on your girlfriend when you’re not around.
No tweet whistle for me. Just the regular txt msg tri-tone
<U+2728><U+270C><U+2728><U+270C><U+2728>follow me cuz i love u and u inspire me
"I'm keeping my options open." Translation: I'm going to wait so long to make a decision that I will no longer have an option.
watchin sex and the city...just classic.
we won't make it in time for HD museum meetup - maybe later meetup?
and they're talking about expanding it to allow online FastPass reservations. That ought to be an adventure.
Awesome! It's penciled in.
Am out.batt3 low
Missouri’s top court refuses to hear KC murder case
I don't even care anymore!
A2: Networking in person is best. Attend local events in your area, and always bring your "A" game wherever you go! You never know.
cmgeluk: #sla2010 u can find the Collection Intell slides on the Sci-Tech Div website;plus MEB posts her slides at ...
Alcoholism is the only disease that tries to convince you that you don't have it.
Sick band name: Wild Rumpus
woooohoooooo Halloween is coming. What are you going to be?
If, “It’s a bird! It’s a plane! No, it’s Besse Coleman!” was said by kids everywhere, wouldn’t they want to soar to unimaginable heights?
ENJOY IT!
Congrats to and team for an important win in yesterday's #wvgov race!
aw pop they are jerks
You sir are amazing
8 more days until the concert woohoo!
how is the music coming out
Looks like is really trying to get the word out with their flying. blimp over the city
Much to my current delight, De Gea plays with all the confidence of my dog when it knows it's done something wrong,
See Angkor Wat, ride a bike & raise money for children! Angkor Wat Bike Race & Cycle - Sat 3rd Dec
Ignorance is kind
Off to the set of SHAME all night, then to the set of BLUE BLOODS all day tomorrow. ;-)
RT : Incredible #Denver SEO firm looking for candidate w/technical SEO expertise AND client management skillz. @ me.
Work flow lets go
Happy 95th birthday, National Park Service!
love u too
Lego nerds are awesome.
#Seed...The Possibility For A Harvest.
Taking an Uber from the stadium after the match? Tweet out about it with the hash tag #UberFutbol & get $10 off your next ride!
is mad at me.
R&R at Journal of Health Communication - need to revise my cv again. But that's a good thing!
For whatever happened, I hope you at least get a smoothie out of the deal.That was my favorite prego treat!
Balanced weekend of friends, hair cut/color, Target shopping, movie, jewelry making, magazines, TV DVRd, YE paper filing & Super Bowl!
She use to tie her hair up in ribbons & bows, sign her letters with X's & O's..
follow follow follow
will you ever notice me??? If so please follow me
RETWEET this & follow us for a chance to see the 85th Annual Golden Gloves this weekend !
Dangit. Love(d) Bored as well.
power out I'm scared D: ughh
I miss you tons!! :(
Steam is coming to Mac. The Mac gaming future is looking bright in 2010.
I have the same sleep schedule. I hate it.
Trick to getting a toddler thru a wedding? Among other things, a dress with pockets. Pacifier or cheese...whatever works.
Kinky ass ppl on oovoo ewww
or if you know something is gonna be really stressful and scary
bummed. Each of those > office
OMG MAYA RIP WE'LL ALWAYS LOVE YOU
Next time Barrea drives to the lane, I want someone to put him on his wallet!
what, no Faulkner? (Everyone's a critic)
we need a movie nightt :)
I have no idea, right now. I'll let you know when I find out. But I don't think it's at two.
I had my first Jean Rollin recently too, with LIPS OF BLOOD
what if they try to break the door down?
Thanks Loren!
I'm back (because the wifi is back) Thx
no cap? What would happen to Washington, Cleveland, Nets, Kings and Charlotte that can't pay big salaries??
No go for a non-speaking Flight 2. Also, planes should board by window, middle, and aisle seats...not back to front or rich to poor.
@ initial concept discussion - director said he saw a big opening, then sitting in 1 look until curtain call... current count 120 & rising
love you back!
Tons of Fans at Plews Brews in St Johns where my meet and greet was hosted by Randy Plew earlier today. Live Music till 2am
i think we're multiple: even the online/offline selves are often blended as worlds enmesh. i interact w/ppl in both.
lol, but I like someone else remember ? I can't just go around being a slore & like every guy I see lmao
At bier and plunged.. What a cozy place.. :P
Amazing weekend at the 53rd annual Monterey Jazz Festival. blew the roof off on Saturday & Ahmad Jamal killed it on Sunday.
Shawty got potential I can be her sponsor
S/o to the lazy folk who depend on the system
Look Out For Jay Rimes New Music Video!1!
Number 1 thing that scares me
Goodnight everyone :)
LOL. That's awesome. I so wish!
sorry forgot about that....I was thinking...has he ever had pils??
So tired finished work nap time yawn
she was mean.Psh i shoulda ran that b over with my wheelchair by "accident"
Well bye twitter!!!
be awesome be miz
#WorstBreakUpExcuses "It's because I like you that I don't wanna be with you. It's a complicated emotion."
In all fairness I did stare at the numbers for a while
At least you didn't wake up to find him standing at the foot of you bed...
“: Packing for ATL. I just found out were filming in Peachtree City . What's good Down there???”
I feel like playing more sideman gigs these days. Interested in hiring me? I can play in all keys & time signatures if you treat me well.
You too! U r great! RT : Whoo-saaaa! Y'all have a blessed one. I'm stepping away from twitter for a minute.
Getting prepared for the International Beauty Show in NYC- March 6-8!
I've came to the conclusion that "Reef Releaf" is the greatest song of all time.
don't worry you still my bro and we gotta sled and ice skate over Christmas break
you're the #blurst!! #moody?
SO BORED............NOW, I'M GOING TO DANCE TO SEXY AND I KNOW IT
I literally don't tweet anymore. #whydoIeventry ?
That's a cute cat.
i miss you to ):
love it! (p.s. - it's "primogeniture")
who says being weird is a bad thing
I can't stand it when fast food restaurants don't give you a tray!
You guys know where we can find the presenter's slides or videos?
i can't beleive i have to argue with my boyfriend about his wallpaper on his phone lol dear i want my boyfriend back haha
#cwgchina China education tour, Yangling, Northwestern Agricultural Uni, significant center plant genomics research, 2 hours west of X'ian
Movement is a constant. It's the way in which we perceive movement that changes and evolves. CG Philosophie.
yeah, WTF man i'm SO pissed..
REPLY TO ME
Sorry you're having a good day
TV GUIDE Reported that Evil Dick violated CBS Rules and Regulations and was LET GO
It was so nice to see your face in the Bizzy app over the weekend. Welcome aboard.
The travel budget for #thebachelor always has to plan for at least one extra cross-country round trip ticket for a dumped contestant
I clearly need to know the work of Twyla Tharp, Merce Cunningham, & Demis Volpi just as much as Mozart, Stravinsky, & Berg
cool! Glad you like the twitter map! :)
im sorry bro
Let there be more joy and laughter in our living.
About to download #ChurchClothes. Workout listening to #ChurchClothes. But not in my #ChurchClothes. Or will I?
Ron Gardenhire has been an excellent manager with the Twins. But it might be time to make a change.
awesome picture! Reminds me of when my grandpa would go out for morning milking
loll, well we all know you would! jk!
Give it a listen
Simple strength-training upgrades - KXLY Spokane
i'm tired of being lied to.
Kobe Bryants shot , his smile is so hot !
Mega sat down to 10...on the bubble with 2 other short stacks...taking forever.....9th pays $2600 cash top 8 get a seat
Spiral Mandelbrot here, tho I haven't been in world for ages
Regardless of the final score, this team has proven their worth. I'm crying. What a game!!!
Listening to Kirk Franklin Radio on Pandora & Praising God as I cook #PureBliss :)
thank you!
i have cute new shoes to break in, but my stupid toe (that i'm positive i broke last week) hurts too bad to try :(((((
Have the #petfood recalls of late caused you to rethink how you feed your pets or were you already careful about choosing the best foods?
Unless you go back even further... RT Brewers don't make the NLCS w/o the Marcum for Lawrie trade.
The Little Vampire is on^_^
i was already following him. thank god i was cuz i'd sure hate to be doin that!!
Turn up shawty , Where that new single at ?
air hockey is the S**T! Cant wait to tweet witchya! #rock on
Architect Benjamin Henry Latrobe was born on May 1 1764.
my mommy makes delicious Mexican food. Come ova sometime lol jkay
listening to Usher with Victoria ^.^
Mournful Monday. MJ was like a god. We worshipped him. #DRose is like our kid brother, big brother or son. We love him. We hurt for him now.
Dad, mother, take me to the salon place so I can be blonde already!
I cnt wait til i get rich
Popcorn has more antioxidants than fruits and vegetables
Monster Jam, huh?
Unfortunately I can't. Best of luck with it!
Dr. Zadeh focuses on treating patients without surgery – 90% of his patients see improvement in their condition WITHOUT surgery.
Rachael Ray is interviewing Guy Fieri on TV right now. The hype-to-content ratio is off the charts!
Well that was fun we went to Chick-fi-la the mall and Walmart and got kicked out of every place xD
I still remember the first day I meet ! 2-4! Friend/brothers for life!:D
headed to fort worth!
nope, it was totally serendipitous
can't decide which oscar movies i need to see first...
Spreadsheet part of the brain is rusty ... Is there something like split() function for Excel for Mac 08?
Last chance to see the show "Last Two Years" by Dina Volkova! Show closes February 26.
Good night.
Doggie Style is here come eat! Rick Lee at 9!!
i want my own fairytale
WHO I AM ?
Dont give in!! RT Every time I check facebook, another one is pregnant...
THIS IS THE TALE OF CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW, PIRATE SO BRAVE ON THE SEVEN SEAS
Not being defensive. You are reading me totally wrong. Now, that was a little defensive.
Quite a while back I blew it - literally almost ran into U late at a Wal Mart . U looked relieved 2b wandering in a store w/o attention.
another goodbye
you too! Let me know what you charge and how you work with clients later; my email is sakunosuke @ me.com (w/o spaces)
RT "Is there anything better than bacon?...maybe Jesus."- my friend Ellie at our breakfast party this morning.
Congratulations Quintin Mims for booking SONY!! TWO DAYS!! Shouts to INDUSTRY TALENT and MIKE CASEY
Snow all over the ground in the DMV...
funny. We're watching The Shining too...
Have you checked out our vintage #minnesota sports t-shirts yet?
Lovin It :D
Team Blitz out at Maggiano's tonight celebrating the 14th yr of the National Sports Marketing Network. Come say hi if you're here!
Q2: The Womanly Art Of Breastfeeding & The Nursing Mother's Companion are great BF books!
Hey errrbody, follow bc he's gorgeous, has an amazing voice and has gingery hair! <3
Mall flow I didn't make it the other day
Home a little early with a beer and a book on the deck. Not too shabby.
How dare you, he bought a fan dinner #hero RT The D-Baggery Of Kobe: Bryant Is Not Caught Up Or Aware Of Linsanity
Check out the Oscar nom. documentary about inner city H.S. football Most of the music done right here in WI
Thanks!! It went by so fast!! Great staff, great community! -Brandi
I went full out babe... I got in and the sun was up... Destinys Child was not involved haha
unfortunately G-maps sent me up Kyle Canyon (wrong directions) a mile off. Sorry didn't make it close enough to Mt. C 4 pics
i know it is a waste of tweet #1000, but watching watch #DispicableMe on my 60 TV while drunk is HI-FUCKING-LARIOUS!
Pleasant to read this )
At Brookfield for their intro to ultra-running seminar. Looking forward to gaining some insight!
#EngineersWeek is officially underway! 7 humanoid robots just rocked out on stage! Check out the #robotics competition in the Main Building!
is showing their awesome 3d printing capabilities at on the 2nd floor
and i need to talk to ppl on facebook soo ya but im still on here
what I don't understand is...why would you lose your virginity to just some guy after waiting for over 20 years.. its not even worth it!!!
Oh yeah! Time for a little Monster Truck action with Digger & Destruction! Watch YNN Rochester at 7... should be good!
Sun 5/13 #DC free SOS #spiritual program: How to Develop Detachment, #vegetarian dinner 4PM Seekers Church BACK DOOR 276 Carroll St
I'd like to see Lacee ride a dolphin followed by an AJ Burnett creampie
You make my life a living hell sometimes.
omg so like im addicted to Tumblr now <U+2665>
De Aza's reads...
I DON'T WANNA WAKE UP!! SO TIRED :( #conflicted I need to go to school to do work but I wanna sleep more :/
Hahahaha it was an unexpected surprise to say the least
I'll be impressed by a new car only when they can fly.
Hi Devin, Your eye is gorgeous!! Not being weird or anything at all but i just wanted to tell you , lol(: well #FollowBack?(:
Ya I was doing the same at work. Did you read the text on the right side? It made it even funnier.
Next question posed by Hasso Plattner - What is Different About Analytics on HANA?
Wanna lose weight? Get healthy? Be stronger? DO IT.
Omg. My head...this is horrible.
#LAKERSFANS MUST BE IMPORTANT SINCE WE A #TT....END OF CONVO....
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss and ends with a tear .
can't think of a better afternoon on a state holiday talking to you two on google+ hangout! :)
Come see me u won't be dis satisfied
Heading to Seattle today to talk with our fam over at the The Planet of MARz
Happy #SuperBowlSunday! Who are you rooting for? Retweet and let us know!!!
what's with all the crazy on twitter lately? both users and the site itself doing weird stuff?
for real? Isn't the spread 2.5? The winner is gonna win by 3 either way. have faith!
Something you should only eat once a year. An open face sandwich with your choice of meat topped with fries and cheese sauce.
Happy New Year! A #virtualoffice from #davincivirtual is a great way to give your business the image you deserve without the expense.
omg!! I would've died 29964667 times!
I'm in my feeling :/
Hi Teara We have Karaoke on Wednesdays!! Would love to have you! What's your go to song?
Anybody tryna cam? I'm in the mood for some naughty fun too ;) Yeah ho I'm talking to you
Most requested song at local daycare's "we are young"
follow back?:)
Ridin solo.. Nobody would ride with me :(
I was using that at one point...worked pretty well if you ask me :) maybe I should use it now?
{insert rolling eyes emoticon}
So if I send u that jersey you think you sign and personalize it for me to have and frame? Not lookin 2 sell ever
I'm ashamed to say this actually made me LOL
Typical Girl, always blaming the boyfriend
: I don't like drama. I like to stay care-free and enjoy my life."
The big bowl was a huge success. Thanks to all the volunteers and participants!
nice eyelashes iris!
Big news for you: beanies are in production and will be in the store soon!
keep it simple. complicated marketing messages dont help anyone
"TV Everywhere" — Another marketing term like "Full HD LCD" that sounds better, but it's not better.
Worked out with 380 today on the leg press. Not a lot, but it felt good.
RT : Christian Dance Music www.shoutlife.com/deepliferecords Nice!!! Thanx for the link!
Perhaps a little of both. ;)
you're gonna need more shirts if this keeps up for the rest of the playoffs.
looks so cute when she sleeps
With the amount of gays in the Castro, you'd think there'd be more parking available in the rear. Butt you'd be wrong.
Ah. Interesting.
Thanks so much for the #FF ! Have a great weekend :)
It's okay that last tweet was the realist shit you said all day. RT : i might get in my feelings tonight... excuse me.
In the end, you'll realize you only have few true friends. But that's better than having many random friends.
"Everyone is a potential winner, some people are disguised as losers, don't let their appearances fool you" -- from The One Minute Manager
okay so being in rehab on a reality show does not make you famous........ lol
O, thanks! Will have to eat these first, tho'.
no...we involuntarily showered in our own sweat
what's the time in London now?
#MXpresidentialDebate Quadri on penitentiary system "we have about 400k jails and over 10 million inmates" proposes privatizing jails
Whoa, who turned on fall? It's cold outside....
“You cannot write for children. They're much too complicated. You can only write books that are of interest to them." Maurice Sendak
okay just making sure <3
Thanks! It's a work in progress.....
puts on a clinic as the punish the hawks 101-79! Let's go celtics!
Team work makes the dream work
Thanks to all of our new followers for pushing us beyond 100 followers! Hope everyone had a good Wednesday.
Beach was so much fun. Went to eat chinese food with AMANDA, DANNY, WILLIS, AND WILLY.
Thank u for following back ;) .. i don't see why nobody wouldn't follow u back ma ;)
Thanks again for the chat, and friends. Look forward to all the #mhblogday posts on 5/16!
Oscar? When he was boxing... Those sweatpants... We shan't settle for less than a Nobel!
Just ran to see a mb preview with And We dropped our shoes.
Well, dang. LOL
Thank you!!!! :-) It was a pleasure to have you in the class last summer.
My pussy be wet^o^
Y wud they drop you ???
How can a fan get a follow from you?
No one is coming when I ring the dinner bell. I think four straight episodes of Downton Abbey has given me some unrealistic expectations.
An effort made for the happiness of others lifts above ourselves. Lydia M. Child
-Amber Amber :)
SO excited to have sponsor The Milwaukee Wine Opener!
SHOCKER! #GloriaAllred RT John Travolta's original masseur accuser lawyers back up after case dismissal, enlists Gloria Allred
beautiful links Phil
Where the hoopers at 24 dry rite now
And this fantastic new season will be called Super Fall!
A hard day’s work shouldn’t be taxed more than money made on Wall Street. RT if you agree.
yup lucky u
Set-up is complete and people are starting to arrive. T-minus 30 minutes until we get started with the groundbreaking event.
FERNKNIGHTFERNKNIGHTFERNKNIGHTFERNKNIGHT. Did I mentione #fernknight ? You could also put out the NEXT Buildings record!
we got about 3 or 4" - I didn't measure. But there was enough to warrant snow blowing the driveway.
Onside kick? Dumb call
when you coming to Philly to do a Show? If you do I will be there.
You asked for great mothers in literature, and I nominated Little Bear's mom. I suppose that's kid-lit but still...
Kobi i was upset lol i wanted some cake. but they didnt want me to shit my pants
Thanks for the follow brother
Sunday is almost here.... Puttin my feet up for at least half the day
I wish it was always PM. Fuck AM.
I love wine! Wine wine wine! In my belly down it goes! ;)
Don't forget Timmy's. Sweet, sweet nectar...
I wanna see Boys II Men in concert!!!!!
I CANNOT WAIT FOR #SoListen!!! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
I really need to finish #soundandthefury. I have no idea what's going on :/
We "Bernie Dance" for all who have been punished by it. Go Gators!
thanks boo :) <3
.’s #KYF2 Taskforce was “designed to spur “nat'l conversation” on how to develop #localfood systems & stimulate economic opportunities”
sleeping is for wimps
ha! Also, caught a pic on the Catalyst Facebook page today. Hope all is well.
Don’t judge my choices if you don’t understand my reasons.
bio test....have to ace it too if i want a C-, looks like summer school is on the way...shit
I have a low down on a few bars, but if you really need to see Boston hit up <- she owns this town! ;-))
bye bye bracket. thanks for nothing, kansas.
lol it's all gd mama I was tell my best friend tall younger one doin guy patdwns that u didn't recognize me lol
you owe me money!
Jets had a solid draft. But if Stephen Hill and Quinton Coples reach their potential then its an amazing draft.
Best movie ice seen all year
In the humanities, systems won't only be focused on end-product (producing text in multi. formats) but on describing obj under study
Hey can u pls post a photo on instagram like really!! Like just 1 for us pls & thank u!!! <3
Funny and probably true, but you KNOW people would be irritated when they disagree w/how things get separated.
Still in the studio going in
Such an amazing show last night! It was great to meet and hang with you guys! Safe travels!
would u like to be in a video shoot with me and for our new video rainman check it out on my page then tell me
come to Charlotte nc
has the planning begun?
Thanks Dimesz & I hope so too !
obsessed with say yes to the dress…this is my sunday morning procrastination…
it is...sadly
Pretty much
The official mascot of Nantucket is a brownish-gray rock.
Next month for sure! We haven't gotten the finals back RT : Hope brings cookbooks tomorrow nite
" Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend. "~~~Martin Luther King Jr.
TRIPLE H WIT THE MONEY TEAM !!!!
thank you :o)
You're lucky. Some of us "big time guys" are sitting on houses we can't sell. I yearn for a security deposit and small fridge
..if you're sincere, aren't you suppose to show some balls?
Nice! Hope your weekends are great, Nancy and Meg!
Hey Marlow!! Thanks for the hello last night :)! Sorry I missed it!
Under a gov't run by me: Julia's birth is probably noted. Some years later, Julia dies, and that's recorded.
My young side rolls with the punches but the old guy in me thinks the worlds going to hell cause you can't find a fucking mailbox ANYWHERE.
Happy Early Birthday <3
Always inspiring to spend time with you Thankful for your investment in my life through the work of
it's kelsey, c: thank you! i'm going to put them in a wawantsbieber vid, c: i made an intro!
YOU LOOK LIKE A KARDASHIAN!!!!
rockin mint skinny jeans on #theview this morning...
A Thousand Chateaus and The Anti-Edifice: Deleuze & Guattari, Architects.
Skies over Kansas looking pretty dark atm. May get to do a little impromptu storm chasing tonight. Yikes.
classic uke premature homer call.
Our Holiday scented bath and body products are 30% off. They are going fast so shop early and save. Enjoy the last week of 2011.
This really shouldn't be getting to me like this. I chickened out the last couple of times I had started talking to someone.
Quotable Quote (Benjamin Disraeli) The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
Follow my new twitter
Bummer! I mean Whigs are cool, but I was looking forward to Glasvegas!
I BETTER GET MY MEAL TO ' DNT THINK I FORGOT !!
great! Thanks for believing in us maybe we will meet one of these days!
LOL..I kind of liked the idea of watching you in action w/your stiletto heels.
Hook Em Horns First Tailgate this Saturday.This weeks theme is everything HATCH. Come by and say Hi ZUZU says ZOOKEM Horns
Good Morning! Tomorrow is #clingyadventure wednesday...excited??
This sinking feeling never diesI'll chase my sunset laced with pride in this heartless galleon
you would!
We added the Google Plus 1 widget to our corporate website. Have you added it to yours? If you need help give us a call 1-866-258-5511.
no, I used an another program ;)
apparently the hills are alive!!
and yes, the handle sucks.
Just cut my hair ...time for change
when do the brewers pick?
Avery, keep cashin' in on these fools!!
CRAZY DAY!!
can we do 12?
We would like to confirm that the Adamouski International art competition is purely non-profit. Thank you to all who are participating!
We meeting up this week?!
feeling that song u did 4 ODB. much love
Would there be a way to connect to talk about your Key Club experience in highschool?
LOVE Chris Botti!
I know!!! I need to hit up Exclusive Co by me! On the air at 7 though...
Thanks for the follow , , ,
Wow. You fuck at a track meet. Your such a bad ass.
Am I the only one having issues with MEDIABASE today? I need to call my IT department.
Consultant: "I don't like to take all public aid pts bc I like to let others have them too." Me:"So you want to 'spread the wealth around'?"
U don't need permission. U don't need approval. Set a goal. Map your plan & Believe in U! — ll RT
he is lush, but dammit he is no J. Enfinger!!
That's very true :) Great quote
glad people agree it's BS!
can't believe it is finally here....nervous/excited/fired-up for the match tonight. Players seem to be in great spirits today.
Being a Manager is Great
I don't hold back what I want to say.I say it!
check the confirmation message sent to your email...
in that case I will tomorrow and you're very welcome :{)
Me too!
Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do. Dhammapada
Hanging out at the team hotel, shaking hands. Victory is so sweet...
Dow and hanssen disagree over who has greater experience
Yes, I have had Facebook login and random errors for a week now. It's getting old!
Just finished writing a song 4 the ladies called "One More Time" is anothahit from ya Boy Cuda Dahitman!!
Can't wait for the #sexyliberal show to start at the Barrymore.
Day #1 getting off the couch. I'm slowly doing housework, with long rest breaks!! :)
Even doormats let the "welcome" logo fade.
but fav this girl been aggravating me alday yesterday smh
He said one day can i put a ring on it :) HA my response #OF COURSE
I'm starting a FL infosec event aggregator. If you have events you want included DM me.
well yeah. I like all the Batman movies. It for sure wasn't my favorite though.
Life's a Dance, You Learn As You Go - #quote - John M. Montgomery
I really want a puppy I'll have one by the end of may! I make that promise to myself
hey..r u gonna ever send me that?
Truth RT : What you do today is important because you are exchanging a day of your life for it. Don't waste it.
lol, So how is Renesmee doing with the twins?!?
People like me because i'm nice. Its that easy.
I'm a lil miss swagger myself
Bud light smart dogs best ad so far!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, Honor the LORD with your possessions, And with the firstfruits of all your increase; Proverbs...
...it was a great company, but found banking too repetitive and not for my personality as with helping people more.
u were my 600th tweet <3
The NY phone book had 22 Hitlers before WWII. The NY phone book had 0 Hitlers after WWII.
yep, its race day
haha sure. anyways talk to me online?
Can't sleep... thank goodness for old school "Biggie Smalls" on BET!
Take hold! Apply sun protection & antioxidants daily .Undo sun damage, prevent future damage with customized state of the art treatments.
Like a hood neighbor #StateFarmIsThere ... with full repayment of these student loans..
good looking out Stuey
. Walker's imaginary jobs also have imaginary benefits and bonuses...oh wait, those are the real jobs in
knock em out this week…you are too talented…you have to let america connect with you and your personality
Good deadlifts tonight. Hit a 665 lb personal best. Missed 705 above the knees. Why? Cause it was heavy! And please, ask Cove how 405 felt.
I know, and that's incredibly sad. The Republicans know how to scare people into voting for them.
Taking over classroom duties in College Park for :) Architecture for collaborative spaces.
good morning boo ;)
"Love is the answer and you know that for sure. Love is a flower, you got to let it, you got to let it grow." ::john lennon::mind games::
I had no idea when I RTed it that the Callin' Oates thing was to promote Twilio. Cool.
Very confused by why/how someone sent text message ref ? to my work email. Don't know how to respond w/o texting back using my personal cell
Of popsicles!Chris:no thanks I gotta get going Herbert:arw don't make me beg now ;)Chris:haha your funny, Bye! Hebert:get ur fatassbackhere!
Kim Kardashian is suing Old Navy because they have a model that looks like her? I have yet to see a mannequin with back hair
please please please I live you miss you! Come home now!
loved your article about your son.
good but went home early cuz i didnt feel like doing anything hahah
Complimentary tickets to the ISEPP lecture featuring Michael Coe presenting "Mysteries of the Maya" for students and staff at the box office
his keys are stolen, relax bull
lol just let me know, i'll come blow one with you (:
Only a few more months and my braces come off.
#NeverShouldYouEver "talk" to four girls who are bestfriends, at the same time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
SOCIAL REFORM only comes from the POOR...Corporations don't care! Listen to the VOICE coming from the POOR...the POOR are barred from MEDIA
I am!! #SellingDesserts RT : :) Hey - are you doing the Dessert show @ midland hills in a few weeks?
Don't hate on 4/20 because you don't participate, it's really annoying
reading an ARC of John Irving's new novel, In One Person, with a bisexual male protagonist and a foul mouth librarian.
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. Epictetus
Great read! RT The Difference Between PR and Advertising twrt.me/3s3eu4
QUOTE-WORTHY: Learning is life's greatest adventure. -- Taylor Caldwell
what state or city would you want to come see?
I miss you sugar!
Tired -__- I ate breakfast now I'm good too go for the day :)
What have you got against Kevins? We’re not so bad…
Thank you for the Sweet reTweet!!
access to information is overrated / access to each other is underrated
Having a contest Submit the most creative picture on fb page incl the Stinky Gringo Margarita & win a t-shirt Contest ends Mon Feb 28th
Is it just me, or is the entire world getting engaged out of nowhere?
I tripped tf outta her shit was funny as fuck
Could you take that risk? if you knew it could change your life forever? I DID....www.sofiafellini.com
Great day at Model UN! Sudan was well represented, lol.
I'm loving the summer of exposed arms! ;D
it's treating me well, but it's gonna be a hard decision that keeps me up at night. Keep praying for me brotha.
Rollin' in with a big crowd!
And why does the timeline take like five seconds to refresh? I should really stop complaining and get used to this shit
When & I started a co yrs ago, Ross Levinsohn was great w/time & advice as Board member. Excited to see what he does as Yahoo! CEO
My Mommy is sick. I'm scared.
I go to work come home and wk on this trying to pay my bills no money it gets shut off. I get no raise or cost of living increase.
Just a couple more days to reserve space at the Stroll into Spring Progressive Dinner
It's a single parade!
I have depression and I self Medicate and I absolutely love you for admitting that you do that<3 your a strong girl, and beautiful
what up lil bro
I'm up
Sometimes a girl's just gotta tweet her feelings
Rumor has it Marquis Hines and Carlos Hubbard are among finalists for vacant coaching position at Milwaukee Vincent.
fingerprints is soo good!!
You are a crab on the pube of life..
Your gonna miss this, your gonna want this back, but this is gone so good luck with that
Of what use, fear, to an enlightened mind, and what place, hate, inside arms open wide?
Great Q/A on #askeditoragent: Q: Biggest mistake new writers make? #Not taking time to really revise.
he will win the champions! keep eyes on him!
WHERE WERE YOU TODAY POO.
“: Disembowelment! #PDXCandide” Just another day for poor Candide!
Wow! We have been exploding on Twitter! I am so excited to announce the #1000th follower who has won the autographed CD! ... More 2 follow !
It was a joke because every small athlete ever is described as being scrappy and having a lot of heart.
I am having cold feet about the Twitter name transition...
just a little jazz and blues bar
Chance the Rapper
what book?
your welcome!!! Isn't it addicting? Wait for the vinegar strokes part! It's towards the end of the second season haha so funny!
Hunger Games: what up with that?
Sounds like you need to stop in here STAT!
Movement is a medicine for creating change in a person's physical, emotional, and mental states.|
That shower was everything.........
I don't understand why you hate me so much. I've done absolutely nothing to you.
God is good
House shows anybody? Email and lets make it happen.
welcome to the sphere bro!
Someone who thinks logically, provides a nice contrast to the real world.
Happy birthday to you, too, and to Big Brother George.
It's always a good day when you find out your PSA is running on 7 stations for a month!
Thank you for following me :)
#mahomie4life have a problem with that bitch??
imagine Rolos, but with cream filling instead of caramel. You'll definitely need some milk with them
Blah I sleep for 3 up for 7 sleep for 3 up for 10 this isn't what I meant by being up in the morning && I'm such a great dreamer mehh :(
Not quite. Definitely top 10 if we still had Kone.
u.u so rude! haha!
My friend was sad because he got an A- in PE. And he found out someone else got an A-. He was so happy that he planked on someone's desk. :P
ahh can't wait to see! More tonight for sure!
I'm your hooker <U+2665>
My animals are passed out right now, and I'm so jealous of them haha
#TGIF !!! What are your weekend plans?!
thanks for checking us out! Tell all of your friends about us.
You should probably check our facebook page Sunday night for something.
We have some fun ideas about bringing you music!
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in. - Bill Bradley
Wake up enjoy the sunshine, Rise and grind America
Umm...women who smoke is such a
Las Vegas Hilton Sports Book took a 10 dollar bet on VCU winning it all before the tournament. Odds: 5-Thousand to 1.
Jewel and I will spin more songs of love and romance today, on www.wvox.com, from 4:05-5:00 pm. Jazz stylings, classics to modern. Tune in!
In my recovery/transition week to Phase 2 of #Insanity. Next month will be intense! Hard work gets results.
Walls in our apt so thin,we hear everything.My girl gets real LOUD...now female neighbors are superfriendly to me.lol
Thanks; very exciting chat MT : Good advice! // RT : "All conversations should lead back to your website."
So handsome how was that bacon cupcake really any good?
Movin on, how was everybody's day?
omg THE BEST please tell me you get to write a paper on it or something
We <3 our cheerleaders!! RT : I think we are certified cheerleaders of the brand!
idk but we should all chill
#Obama had the best week. Super Tuesday was inconclusive. Just drives the point home that all the #GOP nominees are damaged.
Thanks to Sarkeys Foundation, ptokc teachers are at a training on techniques to better teach children in poverty!
They told me a storm was coming They said it was going to be bad I packed up my bags and my children And everything that my grandparents had
so sick of this place .....BUT i cant wait for you to hear my FREE album "MANGA BOOKS AND ARCADE TOKENS" get ready!
PVLA is closed for new intake until January 9th. Feel free to leave us a message, though, at 215.790.3836x1
Also: why is "Recall" capitalized? So quaint.
ATTENTION: Ok, so who wants FREE TICKETS to Solo Boxeo event? This Friday I'm gonna be at the business of one of our awesome advertisers...
There is a BEAUTIFUL DOUBLE RAINBOW in the sky this morning! AL THE WAY! what does this mean!?? its gorgeous! Happy Day!
Seeing #WKU make all these comebacks has me wishing I could be back on campus for 7 more years of fun.
I vote for a "Dogs You Missed in History" episode
My heart says yes but my guard says No.
Some of y'all won't follow back.... -_- SO Y'ALL TRIFLIN ASSES GETTIN UNFOLLOWED ON DIZ BITCH o.o!!
Have a phenomenal speaker you'd like to see at ? Send your suggestion our way at
HOW DO YOU HAVE SO MANY FOLLWERS?! your not cool?(:
Because I'm a night owl. I hardly ever sleep at night. Lol. Kind of lame. I know.
Beach time is fun time :-)
i might pay just to avoid the :30 ads for shitty new hip hop in between listening to stuff like wings and tom petty
thanks! switching the site from tumblr to wordpress made a world of difference!
Them heat fans always hatin nShit!
Let me know how they turn out :)
director Thomas Campbell in CA giving a #ted talk. Looking forward to hearing it.
Close the door, change the record, clean the house. Stop being who you were, become who you are. -
After listening to Santorum, I'm now for late-term abortions (say up to age 53).
FAAAC good times.... www.a-classic.com
-- "If we go through Life helping only ourselves, we go through Life alone" -- Keith Jowers,
There's always the dreaded examinations as well--which I am not a fan of--I'd rather see students apply knowledge more practically
What happened to the payment extension you could request online at my account overview? Is it available
Had my first class last night! I'm super excited to learn more.
WELL FUCK YOU TOO :-)
that's nonsense.
not bad on an iPhone!
now accepts "hopefully" for both "in a hopeful manner" and "it's hoped." Grammar: 0 – Laziness: 1
giant man hunt in Yolo county, I wonder is someone is screaming yolo while jacking a car? #Yolo?
Smart choice! RT : Twitter is my copilot!
You don't have that little Toyota anymore? What was her name? Edith?
The entire Red Sox team for losing to the Royals.
You know you want some!
#drupalcon #ux I'm at the Drupalcon session covering the Minnesota Drupal Usability Study.
I'm fucking loving this shit. World class hate right here man
Great night in Tri-Cities. Danced till the chains came off. Much love.
"diverging diamond" might start overtaking "cluster monkey" as my all-purpose word for swearing-worthy badness.
something don't seem right about those stipulations tho. I think the first half of the paper said something important.
Just spotted in the latest issue of !
RAINY UGLY DAY OH WELL ,,,
Think how different Charlie Sheen's life would be if he had embraced healthyimagination
Sure! Resending now. I'll ask to resend her last e-mail too, just in case.
I haven't watched it yet. Am I making a joke that has already been made?
I'm on my way! Hope carrots are ok!
Show November 12 with ! At O'Reilly's Pub, come out and hannggg with us!
even the commercials scare me! u gonna go see it? u believe in that stuff? I had an actual encounter so it scares me silly!
okay. 8162109655 text me and we'll make plans.
fo shizzle ma nizzle is a bastardization of for sure mah nigga which is a bastardization of I concur with you whole heartedly my brother.
Im not even gon bother the #Celtics know like or
Looking Foward to Oct. 17 this year! X)
headed to rehearsal at Chess Park :)
#BuildDayMemories when we got lost on the Westbank on the 1st Build Day of the school year. Good times
: Great to hear you're still moving on it. Good luck! Gotta scotch.
“It is His joy that remains in us that makes our joy full.” A. B. Simpson
prob not as hot as Seattle....ok....technically...weather wise, they are, but we're talking blockhead wise! ;)
How do you combat crazy? If crazy were a thing, an object...dressed as people...how would you go up against it?
Latest box find: a girdle and panties. This collection knows no boundaries.
I LOVE using Bing!
Ha! Totally. This should have been an episode.
Winter is coming
The peaceful vibe when everyone is stretching backstage before a performance is one of my favorite things about dance! <3
It was great to taste wine with at Taste. Can't wait for part 2 with menu items!
Im back home in NYC! I'll have to go before I head back to CP on Sunday!
Didn't know House was ending its run. About time I think. I'm going to cry when Bones gets their last season..
Did you hear about the kids at Cascade High School that got suspended for putting 10,000 post-it notes all over the the school?
Seriously, any takers? RT I have a FREE 12-week online subscription to to give away. Any takers?
Thanks! ": just left! hey I saw your picture up!! nice!"
Look at Mikey tweeting! nice pic :) RT : Great session at UW Medical School today on utilizing social media!
I love being gay and I love the LGBTQIA Community.
is the world ending?
thanks for the 2012 wishes, and you the same!
Congrats! RT First year emerging leader !!! So proud of you! <3
Little girl trying to roller blade at the park with a long skirt...stupid.
Wow I just checked out your Wealthy Minds Vid. Im luvin that. #Inspirational Ya music is bangin too. 100
Back to the lab this weekend. Going to try really hard to push ourselves to the next level. Feels good.
awesome! RT: “: One of our ticket winners is taking her cancer doc as a thank you. #24HOBINDY #Social46 "
. : Renaissance scenario: "age of achievement, " with rise of web, social media, digital storytelling
Are you looking for something special? We may have it. DM me if you are having any #Packaging problems or questions. We would love to help.
A bad waiter at a resturaunt is like having a bad boyfriend. He doesn't listen, ignores you, and never notices your hair.
Mountbatten welcomes 98 March 2012's at orientation in NYC this week! Recovering from jet lag while taking it all in at Rockefeller Center.
On Wednesday we'll announce a dynamite new show. It's big. It's not one, but two of our most requested bands for years, together.
Just back from bike coop. Missed swim & weight training :( More 2 do...but she's ready enough for #BikeForBeck fundraiser for
In the meantime did anyone check out "The Innkeepers"? The Ti West film? what are some comments and opinions?
doesnt tripit do this for all trips tracked through it?
Get that vague ass, generalized ass, all encompassing ass, all inclusive ass description OUTTA here
Public ARt with permission takes a lot of work. Nearing approval for installation in Baltimore!
Homegrown systems can be the easiest to fuse into a common system. #il2011 they are in fact the easiest.
Ashley Schafer BMW.
getting to the money mane hit my phone when you get a chance
Can never have too many snapbacks
I got in from a walk 30 minutes ago, so I tweeted 25. The official final count is that it was 70 minutes after initial word.
#laker day. Shall I be concerned?
you guys need to consider letting Nancy Grace go as a contributor to GMA. Her speculation on Whitney Houstons death death went to far.
why does zach Morris play the lead in every lifetime movie? Seriously, 3 in a row.
I RT you. pop of UK is 60m+ not 6.2. Can you correct pls.
feels about the same over here... flight delayed this morning due to computer glitches.
Solid interview by the pro that is —set up tough q’s nicely so as not to antagonize coach and got good responses.
RT : The mortgage crisis wasn't caused by irresponsible buyers.
Who Heard That "Your The One Remix" By &
#UN Gen Sec Ban Ki-moon at #CPD2012 : #Youth are the force for progress!
Daniel Thomas has a great opportunity to post solid numbers, but does he have great talent to actually achieve those numbers?
and I just got questioned by CPD because she was puking in an alley on Michigan Ave. We are not on jail and she is okay.
just looking for a good, entertaining game!
#RTW debate continues with quorum #INHouse. Delaney says will hurt pers income. "Is this really the time to seize the weapons of the weak?"
oh! Fancy!
Damn, I will be out of town. Will this be a more frequent thing?
In the temple of flows hahahaha
He added: "We can't spare Lamon's services, and the people of Charleston know this. They will slaughter him on sight."
I love fresh baked Mrs. Field's Cookies!!!
Next up, finally digging into the meaty parts of #wifilmfest with a screening of 'Margaret.'
and in ATX with me:) mission underway.
RIP Davy Jones
Carrie Underwood Last Name YEAH BUDDY!!!!
Hey girrl "i want u back" is the best song ever! .... Please make my day and follow me?
On my way home from VA Yeah Buddy!!! I can finally open the rest of my presents !!!
thx I just have 2 wait till my cousin wakes up so I can go site seeing :)
ok jordan wont me to windmill his bitch ass
There's no cause to be the richest man in the cemetery. You can not do any business from there.
Stop it!
Seems my Twitter account got hacked. Sorry if U got something about losing weight. Kat Jetson thinks you're beautiful as U are. All of U. :)
two thumbs way up
Lol Lana and I have to share this tiny little bed to tonight ;)
LAST OF A DYING BREED <U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
Just thinking Of how many standing keyboardists there must be at Coachella right now. There are 3 stages goin at once u know.
You see a lot of the same people there! I mostly carry out though.
I bet that IKEA TV is a real bitch to assemble. "Connect transistor A to capacitor B using the provided Sölder..."
Have a Grand Day lol! follow me back sis Blessings
TONIGHT at Whiskey Chicks - Nicnos will be performing live from 10pm to close! Whiskey and beer specials all night! Don't want to miss it!
it's shaken iced passion fruit Tazo tea lemonade sweetened with pumps of raspberry (or unsweetened)
Flipboard is my new favorite ipad app.
Isn't the square root of 69 eight something?
ok... have fun
In the middle of a fantastic dinner Inovasi. Chef is doing amazing food up here!
There's this new stuff out there called peanut butter cereal. Its addictive content is off the charts.
and so my weekend starts... RBI on Nintendo, followed by some steak and Jim Beam :) Talk about a good start. I dont lose at RBI either!!!
my grandma funeral tomorrow
Great to hear from you. I'm doing fantastic. Hope all is well. xx
appreciate that! I always like to keep my peoples happy. :-)
Welcome spring! How about some dry days to go with it so I can get the boat ready for business? #AskingTooMuch?
To go downtown for Arts Walk, Dragon Boat Parade, and Luminaria Procession...or not to go downtown. That is my lazy ass's question.
I'm ready for a good day.
cause I wiped my as with the Hawks coach !
Sure thing!!
Yeah, we can make up now. Lol.
Adam Tendler performs John Cage's 'Sonatas and Interludes for Prepared Piano' tonight at 8pm Lincoln Hall
Happy birthday!!!!!! #bostonknowsthedj :)
good morning check out my pod cast www.alkkemikelmuzik.podomatic.com enjoy
Let's see 'em!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe my allergies
Hearing from an old Friend is so nice!
Wow so much on my mind, I can't even sleep... It's hard when reality is shoved in your face when you try your best to keep afloat! :-/
This storm has to be right above my house. This is the loudest thunder I've ever heard
No matter the topic, I love to hear speak!
#FF ma pal for cheeky Scots wit. (Warning, though, they throw the c-word around pretty liberally over there.)
Just let me motherfucking love you...
So nice to meet you today. Thanks for the #GLAMwiki info!
#BayMusic, you are sexy as hell. Good to be here.
thks for coming out
I'm not gonna say it...but maybe if I had a different teacher I would have stuck with it
and by that i mean plural - gentlemen
just got a birthday shout out on yippee!!! #happybirthdaygeorgestrait #happybirthdaytome :)#happyfriday!!!
Enchanted is my boyfriend and I's song. I hope it's ur next single. We love you! <3 I just discovered Ours, too. [=
Obama says killing Osama the most important day of his presidency. Nothing really changed that day, though. Sounds political.
is the junior DIET team member. I thought being your camera sherpa was a part of "other duties as assigned."
you should come check out tonight with Candlebox at
RT If you watch Saw backwards, it's an inspiring story about a man donating limbs to the physically disabled.
Now beginning to wonder if Jackboot Smith isn't actually doing Wilders an ENORMOUS service: now more people than ever are aware of him
already tired, this is not good.
Stop into the Verona St shelter this Friday / Sat and visit all of our furry Friends in need of loving homes! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
I thought wrong!
#ff my brother in law He is a huge #Packers fan and new to twitter. He needs a welcome from #PackerNation!!
Harper hit his 1st career homer...Nats fans standing up clapping for a curtain call.
you guys got sucked into the tourist trap! Locals will tell you Modern pastry is way better.
be nice... The cool thing about this tourney is that the 2 teams that actually gave the cats a game are UofL & IU....
#thebigwaste is an incredible show! ashamed we waste so much food as americans when so many are starving!! let's change that!
You better kick that Grass Roots motherfucker's ASS. He's making time with your girl!
Sick of reading people saying
I c u live on 2k, what's up?
Just lost an hours worth of work in Excel. Holiday sanity tip: Hit ctrl + S right now. Enjoy!
Lying in bed...not sleepy...
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Praying Together
when you're not going out of town with seniors..
Any kick ass web designers in SD looking for an awesome gig, let me know
I don't wanna wear my dress though.
Well, when the weather is better, definitely check out the patio at Blue Bar. Then you can walk home! ;)
One word?
Research shows that kissing improves our skin, prevents tooth decay, and can even relieve headaches.
we <3 anyone that listens to our music :) talking to people and meeting new people is fun for us!
Hope you had a fantastic weekend! What did you think of the Super Bowl?
Check out our photo page. The pictures from Session V12 CAP Cohort retreat are there!!!!
Our awesome web designer, Robert Renteria, is 30 today. Wow. I was working for 10 years when he was born!
EXACTLY! we're like hannah montana. we have a second life no one knows about
People don't notice the things we do for them, until we stop doing it
Within you, I lose myself. Without you, I find myself wanting to be lost again. ~ Unknown
Could someone show up before church Sunday to take the legs off the Hockey Table in the fellowship hall and move
thanks ryan! I dont do unemployed very well. this i have now learned. ;-)
Belieber's Are BOSS! We have Christmas Early & The Video was Our Present :)
only 10 of 1/10000 diapers found there is a small amount of leakage ...
I dont think anyother band in the world has more devoted fans like
YOU ROCK!
"Walker Implicates 'Radical Elements On The Left' In Recall Election" #huffpost It's not cause he tried to ban unions or anything. . .
awesome! I would love to see one of their shows. Sounds so fun! Not much new here other than the hubs n I are going to
": Honestly mase really use to be that nigga" For real he use to be that dude!!!
Maybe someday we will deliver to Indy!
Time for an early morning swim .
RT Anxious to see how the Celtics respond in Philly today. (via )
yes u are stranger ;-P
The Bishop Kearney/Aquinas game last night was intense. 2OT's...couldn't ask for a better game to watch.
I get my phone case tomorrow !!!! xD can't wait!!!! Been waiting for like a week ....!!!!!
I want some love on that post, too.
The worst thing if the #Pacers can beat the Heat is that the win will be more about why the Heat failed than Indy's upset.
work til ten. come see me!
You might lack sleep when: you're still tired after taking two adderall! Finals might kick my ass this week :/
Moving tribute to Dave Niehaus at Home Opener.Tears and cheers.
Gen. Montgomery has been shot by cannon at point blank range after approaching the apparently defended blockhouse near Lower Town.
Thanks for the follow! Happy Friday
#ThosePeople that I truly disgust
um what's a bestfriend.....
the shirt is actually engineered to look better the final third of the season....
Never understood congrats on each closed round, while equity is being diluted & control diminished. Maybe I'm missing smth.
how was your sleep? Are you excited! :)
- a hip-hop duo from Los Angeles. No relation to the Wes Craven film.
Funny to see you someplace other thank skibo
Cool. Michael Barrett, CEO of Admeld. What to do when you are 3rd to market.
Tony has mentioned "organic" views many times. What is an inorganic view and do some companies do this?
Back in elementary school, when you were line leader, everyone else was your bitch.
In the days of Shogun, they'd Skype their seppuku.
See you tonight :)
#Messi today reminds me of late 80's #Gretzky. Just on another plan than everyone else.
": This taco pizza >>>" u like it ? I thought it was pretty damn good !
FREE Earl B Gilliam Bar Neighborhood Law School: Understanding Criminal Law - 6/4/12 at O'Farrell 6130 Skyline Dr. 630pm.
i like to sing a lil bit but my friends wanted me to sing infront of everybody in school did u get scared ur frist time on....
At every big black church, there's gonna always be a Reverend Dick em down.
ok that was the last tweet. i finally have to see what these concords look like.
Water. That will teach them alcohols not to mess around with you. Show them who's boss!
Not to interrupt, but I completely agree with you.
Idk what you're talking bout , but I am talking about making the cake, the guac, getting a place, & decorating it. shiiit.
Ah yes and Henson is Disney and Disney refuses to put any of their shit on Netflix. I get it now.
These are my first few days on twitter. Bizarre. Any tips on getting the most out of it. Or is it really just
I us Picnik. I have 1year premium on there.
happy singles awareness day!
the long 15 second fart that dale does during the interview >>>>>>>>>>> HAHAHAHHAHAHA!
RT : Really Bruno Mars? If she's tied to the traintracks, what is jumping in front of the train gonna do? Dumbass.
I am the #CHEESE (;
Step up in the party like my name was "that bitch".
U follow me I follow you how does that sound to you?
ok - so which masha will show in set 3? any bets?
nice, I can see it!
Date coming soon! ": The have done their job, now it's time for us to do ours! "
Don't be eager to be grown have some fun cause soon you'll look back and be 21
nice kick!
Wtf is going on...
#pmo2012 conf bears witness to birth of open gov moment as a *right* acknowledged by govts -- food for thought raised by
Wow, just saw the highlights from lefty's back nine today. 30!!! Look out boys, he's on FIRE!
..don't get me wrong, but it's as if..he's held CAPTIVE in someway..yeah, he's easy on the eyes, but..it just seems..
This is crazy, what do you guys think about the verdict in the Casey Anthony case? Not guilty, do think the jury voted correctly?
. is an angry old man - just announced he's mailing his ballot home to NJ and voting to keep his city dry to keep out the "trash"
You should check out --it's totally #free! You get to chat with random people over the phone! So much fun!
Because we're never ganna be as young as we are tonight, We'll let the world know we're alive. we're here to chase the flashing lights ~
Aw, the boy requested tonight, for the first time, that Daddy put him to bed. Bittersweet.
It Will Rain <3
Gotta run y'all...got a conference call. Great to get back. Missed you guys! Have a great weekend!!
I love when bitches think there dime pieces you ain't no dime piece bitch #getoveryourself ;)
2nd @ 12:45 Sunday @ GoWest Book Fest is a look at the Wells Fargo & Co. Directory of Chinese Business Houses in the Community gallery
i love it how there is beauty every where you look
Cute patio set!
Looks like you know your AOL!
she will. Walter said they may not be as dominant.
Reception - rail vodka - I'll pass - not a promising dj situation - good filet could salvage the whole thing - fingers crossed
Is there a heaven for a G that would be nice to know,the only problem is a nigga gotta die to know
Happy Six Months.
House chairmen praise Secret Service response to prostitution scandal - CNN International
BILLY ELLIOTT opens tonight at the Break a leg!
lakers make it to the second round by a whisker
heck yeah you are, but you have to promise that everywhere you go, you promote us like crazy :]]
Cant wait to celebrate tonight!!! #CincodeMayo #Classof2012 <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
the more you buy the more you save!
Vintage house dress. Hair in rollers. Might've started #madmen tonight.
the number of charlie horses I've had recently is a little outrageous.
RT HOUSTON- 6PM Good Jobs Great Houston-2955 Gulf Fwy (77003) JOIN US 2NITE 4 an impromptu fundraiser-B part of history
Bynum is a beast .. But ... Dwight Howard still destroys him like he's a little ass girl.
just a reminder: in approximately 15 hours you'll be waking up and it will be
Hit up the Melrose Farmers Market too!! Thanks for the treats!
Alright ladies… what do you wear when you meet the parents???
RT : Almonds Naturally Make Gluten-Free Lifestyle More Delicious totally agree
watchin tht #kevin hart laugh at my pain aha too funny
Happy Easter!)
Eight more hours...
Learn how to use social media for your business and generate leads for your sales team
Survivors relive memories from the 1974 tornado - WAFF
Sure. Twitter for breaking news. Local media all on one of my lists. Nat'l, etc, on another.
I was just trying to do my job and raise awareness for a horrible disease RT : the anorexia shirt paid off
Yes I Jah Do it inna version!
Happy Friday!
Hearing some before bed.. love his sexy voice!!!
You ain't kidding! I was on the phone with a friend that is in Iowa. Not a good place for her to be!
Analysis often overlooks essential success factors, such as hidden expectations and who is really in charge. via Michael Allen
I played your game, :)
i am who i am like it or not am going to be me
We're going to the Superbowl!!!
's first game at the World Series has been moved to 10pm tonight due to rain. Golden Eagles play Selma-Penn College winner.
Citizen creativity: bring us your passion and your inspiration, make it a part of us.
Optimism, Pessimism or Realism?
#DaveHunsicker met lots of enthusiastic #Dems at the opening of #TimKaine for Senate HQ opening.
Apps make your life easier. will go over his favorites a little later.
Good Morning
that's what I thought, too. But now he's got no time in the bank, after this one.
League bowling league rules. Seriously.
Try my best not to want you baby but im still missing crazy(:
Are you an #slpeep? Send us a message and answer 4 quick questions for a free download of !
Since when do hobos have dogs
#Matilda the musical got an Olivier for best set design. I guess it might show up in NYC
Think everyone should walk around with small devices like cell phones. Instead of text messages, you can send electric shocks.
RT : Nice! Which box? // , the PREMIER #crossfit box in
I will be routing for your #Giants today like the classy New York fan that I am. Best of luck!
prob the worst thing about YOLO is always hearing it in Drake voice in your head :(
Fmr VP Dick Cheney recovering at Inova Fairfax Hospital from Heart Transplant. Trayvon Martin rally reports. News4 at 11
I sent the email and I sent two photos :-)
holy shit, shaler have their backups starting or something?
thanks! ability to use contributors is very hard to come by, mostly from a bygone era
Happy Monday Everyone. I hope everyone has been planning this weekend and Cherishing the one you call mother.
you are, rach. you are.
bingo! WG were so cute. JYP was very entertaining.
The hardest thing in the world to do is go to sleep wen alaysia isn't sleepy :(
Isotopes Game tonight!
Tonight, I will be performing Stand-up in the 10pm Unibrow Show @ Flappers Comedy Club. $10 + 2-item min. A week full of comedy love 4 me!
I'm goin nuts can't wait to see this video
Google beefs up Apps Scripts for Docs - Ars Technica
shouldn't you be covering this story?
Our rewards will always be in exact proportion to our service. -E. Nightingale
Awww, you too!! We need to catch up soon:)
oh no, not in smoothies, as a salad. Whole Foods makes a good one. I'm a fan of the flavored olive oils at outpost.
Which one? lol
A little of column A, a little of column B. There's probably a way to do it less disruptively with a headset and a hushed voice.
One more night, then I get off for the next 3. I look forward to those 3 nights!
I'm tired of waking up so early
Just seeing this now...haha! All great ideas I wish I would have thought of last night!
Find one thing that you're passionate about and start praying about it and giving yourself to it. God will lead you one step at a time.
u already kno u tryin to stop by
I have been pretty calm today, but now I'm feeling those nerves
Come To Me is finally up!! If you listen to any song...make it this jawn.
": Never gonna give u up. Never gonna let you down <U+2665>" now stuck in my head too :))
HD video for my VIP's is old news on my site.... next week new HD video UNDERWATER!!!
So...... who wants to come to the WBAB Homegrown Superstar Contest final round show July 28th at Mulcahy's in Centereach???
I can't even
Say Hi for me when you do!
#WhatIWantThisSummer have the time of my life with :)
Thanks kindly for your support! Libraries need to serve all people, but I worry that some are getting left behind.
Fav quote seen today: Have a nice day--unless you have other plans.
I love you you're my favorite in BVB:) I love you,brah! You're amazing! A fan for life!
you performing? Where is standard at thoggy
No matter what you do go out with a smile
Yeah I called that, if anyone was wondering
Homework, pay bills, class then its FINALLY time for my first intramural bball game!!
thank you:)
Jesus, America. How in the hell is Ron Paul not running away with this thing?
Just finished an interesting phone conversation with about retooling for a competitive job market. A woman with great insight.
i cant believe i let you walk away when i should have kissed you
What is it with Pablo Sadavol and hamate bone injuries? I hadn't even heard of them until he injured himself last year, and now again?
whut up doe madina how u been lady
Lots of love and people power at Occupy LA
if either of you got at least a C on that ridiculous math test... Then you're my favorite.
Had all of my clothes for the shoot yesterday in a trash bag...left it by the door after and my mom threw it away this morning...
Had a great weekend in the desert=] tonight I saw Panda 2 and it was AWESOME! so funny=]
It's like telling us we should be gazing in wonderment of celebrities when they eat enough vegetables. Eff off.
Decisions Decisions..
Finally saw the YouTube video of the child of a diabetic mother calling OnStar. The Radio ad pulled clips from that same story.
on #Leadership - No Decision is still a Decision - "No-Fly Zone" case in point.
And Mitt was in MD last week.
soon as u touch ima have em 4 u
not true..they are there to hold out while you are drinking your tea lol
Sounds like a lovely day. I love your mushroom updates so I'm glad it's the season again!
Strength AND weight loss comes from working the body as one complete unit, not in isolation.
Was able to catch the last 15 minutes of the show tonight. CONGRATULATIONS!! (headed out to get me some cupcakes right now)
Have an audition tonight for a web series comedy as a superhero...;-D
Hey SLU Alumni, tell us where you are serving this summer through internships, missions, etc?
Driving w/ is an absolute nightmare
U knew that was comin
Great segment this morning with on #tmj4 for the bachelor/ette auction on Thursday at !
Wishing a happy birthday is not at all what I am doing right now. #oramI?
Oh, yes! RT Coffee quote for the day - I drink coffee for your protection.
#SignsSheGetFoodStamps her brows and lips were outlined with a sharpie marker
oh my god, I'm counting the seconds for
#octoberwish is to go hard on Halloween!
no you didn't. I just didn't know what to respond to that stupidity.
If you can't say something nice... don't say nothing at all. ~ Thumper, from Bambi
So.... my boss (Who is a millionaire, probably) said people should go to jail for having low credit scores..... ,____ ,
no, but most of the time
Gone for Good - Very awesome song, it reminds me of Hootie (in a good way) or Counting Crows
US Senate urges help for Iran&#39;s Bahais
Gdm up early wit a major hangover, but i had fun last night :-) now wat can i take to right for the day Ugh!
Do u have contact info I can have? I heard u on Youtube & loved it. Would like to further discuss your career!
RT #sm4np the key to success for content is not think of it as a campaign, once and done, but how to repurpose
I would consider that... I don't see Blanton sustaining the performance. Then bring Oswalt back midseason
that means stay away!
my baby girlie!!:)
Good morning, InstaFacePinstterGram.
You in a real nigga presents
Watching NBC meet the press. Jamie Dimon seems to have "moral humility". Folks, good governance & risk management are vital. Crowe knows!
Do you plan on attending the Browns season opener on Sunday April 1st? Click "like" if you plan on being there.
“: I Hate Getting Woken Up By BullShit .” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>!! I feel you!!!
I need to install ice packs in my mattress or something. I'm burning up!!
NICE RT : My pants are always first to go when I come home.”
idle what the I Weston I think I'm going to wear a skirt
Change is inevitable, growth is optional. Mike Jones
what do you need us for
I wanna move to another state.
A picture of me and c-clamp at new balance last year made it in this years yearbook...thats cool I guess
I'll be the first to admit there's a lot wrong with college athletics. Model def needs overhaul. But in this...
Oh lol have you ever been in snow? o.O
"Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God." — Corrie Ten Boom
Tune in at Noon for Radio. This month's show features stories from the February Story Slam when the theme was "How We Met"
I just want to make a new one :))) I'll delete my account tonight :)
oh no!! Poor little I think belly rubs are in order.
ahww your dog got hurt, my dog passed away :( He got hit by a car while i was in the hospital
How many times are you gonna tell me lol RT : whatever lol
I feel like Wood's 'leadership' can hurt the team..too many trying to be like him and can't. too many go for ball and miss
I saw this on my TL and was very confused because I didn't get a notification. Turns out doesn't exist. :P
Playing tomorrow in Limoges and in Marseille on October 13th !
On the 4th day of Christmas the Courtyard Portland City Center gave to me, four smiling front desk associates!
I Love MILFs
Yeah, I would definitely but one if they weren't so expensive.
RT : If life screws me all the time and makes no promises, does that mean life and I are friends with benefits?
They do provide printer inks which yields high quality print output
“Fairy tales are more than true; not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.” ~G.K....
Come on Eddie, let him go.
I gave up not because im weak but because your no longer worth fighting for
tweet tweet! Yea.. its kinda weird lol
I'm just going to hurt your feelings since I like someone else. Ugh stop talking to me!!
killed it...
oh i will...in like an hr.
And this is probably the only twitter account in the world that alternates Cardinals and Bulls tweets.
I jus pictured a girl wit like 6 kids on twitter seein that and bein salty
the one about Katherine? just was going to watch it)Of course i'll shoutout about it=)
Remember to have fun, but be safe and don't act a fool. Police are everywhere!
Zomg Dwight giving Michael the chills!!!
“: With at the #ECAW in Beverly hills, With a giant check, literally.....”congrats to the winners for #10,000 trees
Those who have passed through hell bring some fire to the workout. Thanks
so nigga u the only one who fell everybody else was jus sliding u bust yo ass nigga and got hung
A joke told by a rape survivor.
Didn't quite get that place when I went. Appreciate the heritage and outside..but..well..
Check us out on iTunes. Search the Ryan Estes podcast.
What if we were to get something like that to TREND????
HONESTLY. How did they win a Grammy?
Kimberly's ex put horse crap in her car during their divorce. Anyone ever do something like that to you? Ever do something like that to...
Spring Cleaning. I never have time to clean my desk or my inbox. Today I cleaned my desk, recycled paper and archived my inbox.
Gentlemen... lock and load. Tonight, we hunt MILFs.
gotta be up by 7:30
The fact That jessica , Janisha , jordan & of course baby Jaylen wil see me walk the stage >> >>
is that crazy or what?
Triple homicide at Hennepin tech this am.
Our NCAA gift card drawing winners are Rosemary, De Anna and Eric! We will be calling each of you to let you know! Congratulations!
Omg I have heartburn, always wondered when I would experience it ... Old age is upon me
I keep smelling phantom smells of solvents. Can't figure out if they're coming from inside the apartment, or from nearby road construction.
haha how about a picture of the hockey stick you'd beat that person with? hope that's not an inappropriate request
what is her remedy? :)
*SIGH* got my meds today, copays radically changed ... after paying for the meds, I have 25 cents left for the month. Damn medical bills
We wouldn't be anywhere without these fine four<3
This is not the 1st haunted building I've worked in (&heard things while in 1st), certainly makes things more interesting! :)
TYCHO is coming to DC! OMG! I'm so excited! Feb 2 at Rock n Roll Hotel. Will be there!!!
Im tired of seein the same recycled quotes. Get creative!
Every time I go to bed, I put my phone on "Lebron Mode." ...... No Ring.
America isn't the hero anymore. We're the hero's party animal friend. Let's change the National Anthem to Ignition (Remix) and go w/ it.
where are you... and I are nervous.
good morning Pissy (:
I've become such a freakin LADY! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Follow me :-)
Awww just missed ya :/
Shout out to for posting up my bid on there site. Thanks.
Enough of the Hamilton talk, yeah it was great, but Albert's 5h, 3HR, 6RBI game 3 was REAL HISTORY. I sure even Hamilton will never forget.
How do you upload photos by mobile if u don't have email?
RT : RT this!: Print and Present this coupon in any to receive 30% off Any One Item!...
Anyone using a stylus with their ipad to take notes? Any recommendations on a good one?
The NCAA noted GT's previous infractions as far back as 1989 when considering the level of punishment. 22 years ago? Really?? Bebe T. was 2!
Lunch was supplied by chefs and co's from Italy, Japan, Wisconsin, Australia and so many more! Anyone hungry?
Not sure y I'm surprised considering the news stations here in Denver are giving more time to nfl draft, ur broncos are more important...
working on a business report for micro. I hate this. If anyone wants to team up I have half of it done.
If you get out of a movie come see the Barnyard Sharks at Liam's at 10:00.
I'm here!:) did you find what you were looking for?
"...when your name is Barack Obama, it's always tight..."
and while we're at disruption the world of DNS, why not deprecate the whole domain names system (which is shit)
“: "It's so recooling out here."- ” O WELL
yayyyy!!!! So cute!
Alright after 2 different shoots in 2 days and not enough sleep I am telling the world goodnight.
Still up ... Haven't been to sleep... Working on these drops for #PARTYRIOT .... AMBITIONS NEVER SLEEP.
I was about to try to mess with phone but then it was an android so I couldn't do nothing -____-
the reason he won its cuz he had more points...cuz i played better...lol...
Life is changing I can't go on without you Rearranging. (I will be strong I'll stand by you You were fighting everyday) &7dust
aw, you are appreciated before your time #friends "thanks, guys. you suck too!"
diving home I pumped my arms in the car for 25 minutes like I was running home.
Label Whores
" I met a new honey at my job"-Tommy #Martin "wait hold on Tommy, I got to stop u right there!l-Martin
AKA Now I don't have to device-sync documents before I edit them.
-as graceful on the yoga mat as at the table
Desire a #swinger special vacation $100 per night visit us
I want to record my presentation. I really do. Dropbox for iPad, please show my presenter notes for my keynote!
at least you admit it....
: "maybe if I tweet about prom someone will ask me" someone ask
#20ThingsAboutMe i love to help people
safe to say that I'm exhausted with people
Sleepy From Yesterday's Party !
Sorry Tebow, Patriots > God.
sounds tasty. really tasty actually.
layin in bed thinkin back to the good old days when skinned knees from fallin off your bike were the worst thing ever
Hey Lubbock, I will be performing at Rain Uptown this Saturday 8-11pm!
Thanks for recent link-love. Appreciated!
This will never end..
#dontuhateitwhen people wont shut up about tht band 1direction or justin beiber its like bitch i hate them shut the fuck up :-)
That's easy for you to say. You've never been in my shoes..
Lolol like you did with me? Lmao kidding
Frosted flakes, cut up banana's & a cup of Orange juice to start off the day 8-) o-|< =)
here I come bae
#petpeeves when people pronounce "vehicle" with 3 syllables
Ok....so the preview for nxt week's #JaneByDesign was a tad bit too short! that part where Jane kissd Billy totally made me jump 4 joy xD
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) auburn
omg yes! I honestly need to see him perform. He is absolutely perfect. Jesus I don't understand how someone can be that amazing
yeah I watched it
Gherkin's!'7
thanks for the RTs this morning. have a good one!
great! U?
I'm playing it now, just found it
Nigga you know :)
Get From Round Me by The Diplomats always takes me back to a nice place.
What's new Pussycat? WHOOOAA
I bet you'll regret saying that when I have more followers than Lady Gaga.
Walking the dog wouldn't be so bad.. If it wasn't for OTHER stupid people's dogs! ;)
no it's healthy milk! Duh
So great to meet you, too! Thanks for an awesome performance!
GREAT night. so glad i went. thanks, again.
Lets get it RT : And I need some wreckless ass fun in my life.
you motivate me my nig keep grinding
Many people are sadly mistaken about a great many things. I hope I'm not one of them.
Can i kill that little monster 16 year old?
I'm in the zone like a fastball
they can if they leave!
which inning? Would love to rematch tomorrow
good morning! RT : Good morning thank you for following look forward...
yes they are awesome. I've played some of the games they've brought to events
Also, Sport.-"..football & men's basketball are clearly commercial entertainment..away from..purpose of a university"- #NYTimes mag,Nocera
yes he is. Omg.
um what?!
i dont have one
St. Louis ranks No. 1 on best cities for cheapskates list
more #thingstodobefore30: Plan birthday party. Clean bedroom. Dance/bike/workout more. Keep enjoying life.
In my short time on istagram i have found out everyone on there wants to rape one direction O.o
Watching the all new ghost hunters
Hey guys..I'm back.
I know, Jo Calderone represents GaGa.
Can't stand when my computer freezes ! Thanks god for my iPod !
WooHoo! Just ordered some Taco Bueno.
Yep. 91k. He got bit by a dog when he was 10. Left a couple deep, (attractive) facial scars.. now hes getting a settlement!
can you follow or tweet me? <3
#thathighmoment when everything on tv seems to b in 3D...
What is up with crappy sound system for #bigtenchamps award presentation?
: So cute!!! Kinda freaks me out because that was the year I graduated. Ugh. Happy Bday to your mom:).
FINISHED ALL MY HOMEWORK!!!!!! and ready to go to school tomorrow, I'm going to hate it but I'm ready for it.
BCA Member The Beacon Group's Ribbon Cutting Ceremony for their new call center this Thursday at 4p at the Beacon hdqtrs, 308 W Glenn St
Ha! It's from California Winter, Karl Shapiro
I understand your beef on the conf champ but if u loose to Iowa State you shouldn't get a shot at the national championship.
RT Alabama is paying Georgia State $430,000 for tonight's game (via )
you know I will cry right?
are you kidding?! Jealousy. I have such a long ways to go... I can't believe I'll be 15 on Sunday. That's half of 30! :O
dj crush is the man when it comes to serato mix emergency knowledge- dj crush hotline coming soon lol!
I enjoy getting older...Looks fade and people have to start surviving on their character, talents, personality and values. SPF can help! ;)
There is only one royal family in #Korea, the patriarch is Lee Kun-Hee. Samsung and extended affiliates account for 30% of GDP.
All they know is 'Dougie' and 'Cat Daddy'. Fuckin' rookies. My teachers have been dying to see me dance ever since they heard of my skills.
Our Office of Records Management doesn't have a file plan.
What time does I90 express lane switch to EB today? Thank you!
I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
(ignoring my fans)
Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in San Antonio!
Not a problem. Glad that worked out!
We all know supersizing can be dangerous to our waistlines. Instead, take it in the other direction and try a “Mini Time” meal.
So glad boy bands are making a come back...one direction, Big Time Rush yum #LOVEIT. Okay now back to blogging...
how's the tour fellas?
over 300 followers?! omg yay! -emily
So glad to have the majority of the Christmas decor packed away! Now just need to de-glitter the house!
He stalked a kid on youtube, called everyone he could to get to him, and finally got to him. Scooter Changed Our Lives <U+2665>
check out the new music video guys, me and my brother did it in a couple days
Best pre-teen interview yet!
If you need some professional mastering or mixing done definitely contact Andy He does AMAZING work. So happy :D
Create good memories
BTW, this same designer is in the AIC's Avant-garde in Everyday Life exhibition in the Modern Wing. Up til Oct. 9.
- look at you, getting all entrepreneurial. Well played : ]
I love Tiffany Nguyen so much.
I thought today was Friday .
Great basketball this afternoon. Celtics v. Knicks #linturnover? And Florida is giving Kentucky a run for its gumbo! We offer assists!
The sauna at the gym was so hot my Tiffany earrings burnt my cheek for a second when I sat up.
omg i'm so bad at pottermore
Like Chocolate Giardelli.
I'm going with
he's mine.
#followfriday Alex Moomey - photographer for Arkansas
hello my twitters, i made a new twitter page. please follow twitter.com/magikgfx
NSF Campus Bridging: campuses need to invest in human resources to support use of cyberinfrastructure.
Starving...time to eat!!
Fwd: : Shake it for the birds. -Luke Bryan
Song of the day: Placebo - Running Up That Hill ...
new beats
Tavern on the lakes was nice
OMG! I love it!!
Mahalos, and same to you; Stay strong & in the truth Always. Aloha.
I like to start my day with some classical easy listening & blown out reverse kick drums with the gain turned up.
": We are what we are today because of the choices I made yesterday."
Love Among the Equations
Date night again! I could get used to this...
i remember the days when everybody used to pronounce "deadmau5" like (ded-mah-five) haha
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent. ~ Samuel Lover
haha yeah his face is so funny! :D
Idk you could be this in class ..oh my goodness idgaf about fibers .
It's going to be a start of a new year this week, I better make it count.
JB when you're in the chat (with webcam)
Who are your picks for NBA MVP and Coach of the Year? Lebron James and Tom Thibodeau seem to be the best options, all considered...
#ThemeThursday is our monthly blog series that explores different WordPress themes. First one posted today! bit.ly/uO0mT6
Her breath smell like dentin cat shit! my Nana is a mess!
I have a boyfriend?!
can't wait to play it on-Air ;)
Im Trying To Hit Her With #TheGroove lol Wadup
twitter has more fake accounts than idk what !
For those participating , iphone app is live. Search "Ideation Conference"
Trust in Him - always!
I have seen and smelled it all today bruh
Small, 1-5 yrs, good with cats, good with other dogs, medium-long hair, no big behavior issues (we're new dog owners).
The #NFL suspends only 4 players on the #saints for collecting bounties and of course one of them has to be Anthony Hargrove!!
Well said "Fuck more years, I want more money. Life is about money. People are happy when they make a lot of money."
Puttin the truth about mercer on blast! Fuck flight Club. Never bought shit there, never will!
I think Fralin is just goin easy on us
yo player, I'm still waiting on your pick for the derby.
if it was easy, everyone would do it
My latest food truck idea: Retrofit a Ride The Ducks. Could quickly move between popular waterfront areas, reach shoreline camps/events.
When you don't get it you get mad
‘Abdu’l-Bahá was expected in Wilmette at 11 am, but conversations at the Plaza Hotel have kept him late.
Busy, but not crazy busy at bay park square
lmmfao I was so confused lmmfao too funny
Good thing about sometimes just having beer for dinner: only one dish to wash.
this is an awesome idea, Eriq - I think we'd all benefit tons from it --
Just found out and nominated me for #thebachelor a month ago.
Have an approach to everything from sports to work to life! If you don't, you'll find yourself lost in the woods.
Oh my goodness, I love those tribal printed wedges. I should not look at those b/c is now calling my name. :)
Just played trivia on Team Casablumpkin.
but what if you can't cause that person is so amazing?
Him and my grandma both, have got me freaking out right about now.. -_-
Hey told me to follow so there it is.
I was like shake it shake it XD
Love! I would wear it if I had the body! (Sadly, I do not.)
Have you seen his most recent haircut?
I dreamed last night i was a football player for my highschool...
69 is the only dinner for two
since I have decided not to tweet about my feelings anymore...i have nothing to tweet about.
And gotten less? RT So the real question is: Has anyone in the history of the world spent more money than Obama?
Come check out Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
They sell fish up there?
Saying nothing sometimes says the most. ~Emily Dickinson
On set all day of THE SILVER LININGS PLAYBOOK... Bradley Cooper is a super star and deservedly so... Fun day!
Lame. That's going in your review.
however, glad i gave those #cubs tickets away today...they STINK.
Valentines is MONDAY! Order your cake today! We can turn all our cakes into hearts! W/ Valentine decor! WWW.Happycakewilltravel.com
TONIGHT - DJ's AI & J-Roc Play the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music at Lotus Nightclub - Albuquerque's Best Danceclub!!!
the correct answer is The Emperors New Groove
Camera 3 Cinemas, show starts at 7:30pm, hope to see you there
If your gonna create the problem, then don't whine about the consequences.
Shout out to all my followers...please RT my Stolen Bike Tweet
": What you doing this weekend sis?" Nothin at all wbu?
Do my eyes deceive me? Clear skies? Forgot there are stars under the clouds. Tomorrow nice too, plan to make use of it in garden.
Can't look forward to anything until Tuesday over with.
Aw omg that's not good! Do you have a huge scar now? D:
course grades won't be in before Monday, because the exam in Friday night... I'll keep you posted.
I just typed 95 words per minute on my iPad's external keyboard using How fast do you type?
My back just cracked like 20 times. I'm scared :x
RT (please) Please support Black Cats Awareness day!
infuse creativity & innovation into leadership expectations = one possibility
I don't know what the hell I ate but my stomach is talking right now.
after today I'm going to need to run a lot. Eating my way through svu.
Its not happy people who are thankful. Its thankful people that are happy.
looks mad sick dude.
I know how to play the game .. Lol! ...
You are a living magnet, what you attract into your life is in #harmony with your faith, belief and positive thoughts......
If U Don't Like Marshmallows-
Sunday brunch at Coa!!!! Today featuring eggs benedict with ham, bacon, cheese and chipotle hollandaise served on an english muffin, m...
News Simpson, Donald chase money title as others hope to hang onto Tour cards this week at Disney Webb Simpson and Luke Dona
Choices impact your future and potential in dramatic ways. Be confident. Be bold.
Gotta love double standards.
When your dreams come true
Welcome back and thanks for checking in on National #Foursquare Day!
We wish we could, but we're working our engineer to the max! He's still mixing and mastering until the day of!! :/
Mexico has taken over Giants Stadium. At the Golf Cup. Go USA!
looking forward to it.
#staples #sacrifice MT : I'm with Carla and we both LOLed. We remember staples. I'm still recovering too.
You can have him when I have other plans or I'm out of town hahaha
We are a disruptive food production and distribution technology, ending the inefficient carbon and nitrate ecological burden.
yeah - sorry about that. should've given you a head's up. :) cc:
As long as his batting average is over my weight, it's all good. Besides, his D is making a difference.
2nd Team All Conference USA Team is the #11 pick? Eh...
I am so white, I'm blue. I get crispy like soul food.
Hi good morning :)
Does need an editor? My professional services are available. There are some glaring mistakes in that release!
going fishing
Have a great Wednesday everyone and stop by to see us.
thanks for the shout-out!
what's full service
Google ad preferences thinks I'm a guy!
welcome to the world of work + homework. I've learned in that you never forget how to procrastinate!
Thank you!
9 papers +16 exams left to do, but I'm done for the day.The conscious refusal to follow detailed instructions is making me snarky.
Our docent Walter Sommers turned 91 yesterday! He's speaking at the museum today, stop in and wish him a happy birthday
If FSU stays in the ACC, besides money, you know what else should change? N/S divisions. S: FSU, UM, GT, CU, WF, UNC, NCSU
would you help a VERY DEAR friend that's in dire need of help once again? lol
Smoking Weed Is Cool...
RT : Good to nip the cancer before it grows. RT : If conflict is not addressed, it will impact productivity.
It's only impossible if you stop and think about it.
I'm pretty sure it's something machine-translated into another language (hard to guess which) and back into English.
About to get in on some corn at Cafe Habana on prince st.
About to fall asleep at the computer, work it is time to put you away.
The coffee in the booth is strong today! Giggity.
I keep fighting for freedom writin for freedom
Talked to my sweet love this weekend.
It's funny when people tweet you saying "Who are you?" Um I'm pretty sure Twitter was made so you can talk to strangers ;)
And a good morning to YOU, Mr. Crackhead at Pick n Save who keeps yelling "Leggo my eggrolls!"
nevermind I found you ;)
I JUST ADDED dbaseballman !!!!!!!(:
Doh! RT : Another PR fail: Don't pitch media fluff stories for next month on busy Super Tuesday and day of big arena vote.
isn't it fun?? We love when they come home with lots of neat stuff for us!!
thanks for the follow buddy! :-)
What do you think re: Uthoff/Ryan situation?
Glad is back in CP...time to restore the program! Whats up Locks?
It is kind of sad thinking about life...it's much better living it... instead thinking about it......
Sometimes i wish i knew who i really am
good news. Found a place showing the game near my hotel. Go Caps!
Jesus is the grave-conquering, life-giving, all-satisfying King. - David Platt
i am healthy hair by racheal products are great hair products to use. They are better than Mixed Chicks
In the meantime, a lot of smart people are fending for themselves, which isn't so bad
im still praying for <3
i just want one night full of DREAMS. not any crazy, out of the norm nightmares.
must have sold her soul at some point
So happy with my 85 average
#MontrealImpact doesn't even exist on FIFA12. How will I get my revenge?
No, she doesn't like this hot weather, doesn't like how it robs her of her sleep. This is our supposed common ground. The theft of sleep.
Partying lately ; )
Sweating all the way through these dress clothes.
Outdoor #training session with one of m clients this morning to take advantage of the weather - drills, circuit, drills, stairs!
well app store here i come
haha nah we only hung out for a while yesterday.
Dede is the master of analogies that make complex ideas simple
F O L L O W BACK PLEASE :o)
in this moment and time i literally hate everything. if something could go right for once thatd be fucking awesome.
Well of course, that goes without saying.
My desk looks like the floor of the Texas Roadhouse
Off-topic, but GRAVE MERCY is making me stay up way past my bedtime. Is anyone else having this problem?
My tweets were answered.
Just had a #BF ......WHITE CHICKS
The swag is just natural to me
happy number day !
#Coworking is not Co-working. It’s an independent movement that doesn’t want to be separated by a hyphen!
If you live in #Milwaukee!LISTEN UP!The #FreshCoastClassic supports your community! Just ask one of our sponsors
so we HAVE to go
Going home, eating, then sleeping.
“: what's up?! :)” driving to Nashville!
Marta is screwing up, i need bus route 45 to stay with marta, i need that
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Stand-ups sometimes make me sad.
just because Romo hasn't won a Super Bowl doesn't mean he isn't as good of a QB as the other guys.
RT : "What actually sells...are newspaper articles asking if you've heard about the new bad thing that's gonna wreck your kid."
-thanks love..
If you fall, I fall too.
And he scored the go ahead run.
Bienvenidos a MIAMI!!!
1-800-PRINTING IS NOW GIVING AWAY 5000 BUSINESS CARDS FOR $75 DOUBLE SIDED COLOR.....ONE SIDE YOUR AD, THE OTHER SIDE OUR AD
Don't forget about Arizona, D.C., Tennessee, and Texas! What the heck, it's a great game. Share it around.
And one of the look a like's name is Harry!
Producing my own psychological thriller feature in 3D :)
Fascinating segment on #60minutes about Face Blindness and those who suffer from face recognition.
Bed early.
Not normally up this early without a set purpose. Looks like I'll get to enjoy for a change.
Just booked a #FIRSTrobotics event happening in October. Can't wait to capture these brilliant kids doing what they do best!
HEY (: im following u now (: follow back ?
Love seeing all the Fitz/Olivia love!!! <3 them!! People GET it! !
damn straight we got it like that she my nigga!
Your trainer will demonstrate good form for all exercises you will be performing
I'm feeling slightly claustrophobic!!
Here we go. They r all gone but I can't help but get a little hopeful!
Do you tweet? Follow us Go on and RT please.
what rodeo are yall going to?
i love the Pirates films! thx for letting us know
Mentions = dead
And a great site it is! Thanks again for www.petersparty.com!
All girls do is complain on twitter
This is HighSchool gym class, not the Olympics.
u aint tweet all night, i aint forget bout u
Set your camera before you let a stranger take a picture for you. Think, when you first got that camera. They're not used to the buttons
Top 10 Most Amazing iPhone Puzzle Games
Thanks for the shout out! :)
hate him
Amen! RT : Jeremy Shapiro #HCM2012 - don't just report something like turnover rate 4 the organization, contextualize it.
#FF What other Seattle restaurants should I be following? , , , ,
I have decided to be pro-active
102.3 FM has a radio remote over here @ our CLEAR office in Moore Plaza. Come on by and get free swag! We're right next to Sirloin Stockade.
Come check out the booth at the Ashland triathlon with myself and
I won't be working at red lobster much longer..
PDX --> JFK --> MCO So excited to finally be headed for training! See you on Wed & !
Q: if u kould hav 10 mins. in the room wit prince, wat would u do??????
QOTD from a patron regarding ID photos: "You think you look like hell until you get the next one."
For your convenience, starting January 24th we will offer GROOMING for your pets 6 days a week....more updates to come!
im not black but this white man can jump 10 feet high
#kids Comedy Pet Theater: Comedy Pet Theater from Monday, May 14, 2012 at 4:00 PM to Monday, May 14, 2012 at 5:30 PM Jubilee Theater 3645...
Ohh... Okay I Get It.... I didnt Know That... But I Stll Love Them!!!!
had a great time at yesterday's #time4biz tradeshow. We will have a booth next year!
You both dont have the consistency to stop me.
Hi sexy babydoll! I hope u had a great mothers day with your family..btw I work as a security guard in a cemetery on weekends
Just crossed into Louisiana! #doingthewavegoodbyeto Mississippi!
that's horrible!! 6-7 hours! how
best precision instrumetation amplifier for MAX4208AUA+ at www.synpur.com
Where do you wanna SunDay FunDay?! How about Brass Monkey #Milwaukee 700 East Layton. Live Country by Willow Creek Band tomorrow at 1pm!!!
Tea Drinkers: Use tea bags on the eyes and drink plenty of fluids and water. This reduces the retention and puffiness around the eyes.
lol I'd ignore your ass too. Honking at my Bugatti, sheit!
copywork and watching some batman. hello weekend
Dude, were getting a new coach next year!
Give dad a gift that you know he’ll use... give him pies! “Happy Father’s Day!” written on each pie: dz/$20. Pick-up only:call 504-945-2181
Support independent movies and independent thought
Milestone week! I never knew I would love being a Mompreneur so much!
Data and insights are important but beware the trap of analysis paralysis
The Bulls defense is sloppy tonight!!!
New post for this week "Why IndyCar Will Survive"
“: Connie Mack voted NO!! good man!!”. He is a very good man!
Hiring for a host position ASAP, please apply in person with resume!
Work wit the crew tonite..
My Boss Man, I'm FADED.
When I saw Hot Potato I thought of Niall say "potato" :)
The Boston Celtics will get a standing ovation tomorrow night when they are announced at the Quicken Loans arena to take on the Cavs...nuts.
SUCCESS surprising mom with going to pick up my brother, she cried :D
Follow Me To The "H" Purple City
You better watch that tone lol and yes they're RT : my followers aint lame mother fucker! Lmmfao !
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...be direct and forward with people... I'm so real wit it, i have em waiting for the punchline...
We're having a good problem - trying to list 2 pages of items but y'all keep buying the new stuff as soon as it's up!
Person I never would have guessed was in Hugo?
you tryin to buy this I pod tomorrow bro
how did your sermon go today rev?
Killer week . Got a sick show coming up Lounge . Get there or just be unhappy . ;)
at the Mets game!
8 days until Raising Champions event! Sports writer Rick Telender along with Blazer Martell Webster will be speaking. www.atlasprograms.com
Hanging out in basement with Emma asleep in my arms. Be safe everyone.
Do you say that while bend & snapping?
i had given up on today until i remembered REVENGE (semi) returns tonight!!
Success - Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time.
Nice to be home gonna do some rosetta stone! I swear imma learn spanish!
Thank u to our friends Nat and Alex! Great talented guys and the crowd was beautiful! Wat an honor for SST! Tommorow-sold out webster hall!
I'm slightly embarrassed that shaq is a doctorate in my field
RT : Some folks wake up so negative man. Believe it or not, it's possible to smile your way to a good day. << exactly!
#40thingsaboutme I post links to free stuff <U+263A>
RT Happy Birthday, Billie Holiday! "If I'm going to sing like someone else, then I don't need to sing at all."
Good Morning.... its hUMp dAy
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"Bcuz he is also a Very Hard worker..
that's why the DrupalCon Chicago party was at the Field Museum. It wasn't alcohol centered, just available.
I think needs a peanut butter burger after that! BTW thanks 4 the invite...
I swear!
RT : That sad moment when you find a shirt you really like and they don't have your size. ):
Nicks finally win in the Playoffs
Nic! that song is so good! Keep it up girl! Wish you could come out with Trishy and I tonight! :(
I am a self-published author of two books and I would love to be exposed and connected to the next level.Call me 502-664-7836
thank you for the rt
i have been asking you to play the god damn song for MONTHS
YES man how could you forget Santa turned 21!!!
I will be signing copies of "Elite Eighth" tonight at the red and white scrimmage at Cardinal Stadium in Winchester. See you there
"I'm so happy 'cause today I found my friends, they're in my head"
Drive the bus. Wait for a bus. Drive the bus. See the people. Leave the people. Headache.
what's the average ship time to Texas? I'll be placing my order soon can't wait!
I hope Will Rhymes is okay... :(
aiight bro ill chk it out!!
tonight is a perfect example of San Antonio not being old, slow, boring. 97 points through 3 quarters @ sac on b2b.
That looks SO lovely. Bonus: I could hand-deliver your letter, which I still haven't finished!
dm ya email homie I gotta huge record for u
lol thanks its tomorrow :)
im sorry ladies but really super defined eyebrows scare me lol
ehhh... can i go home yet
The Japanese *know* how to eat. Amazing people.
So I'm moving again ... Verdict Sweden or San Fran ??? Find out soon.. This is exciting.... 8-)
A Spanish-speaking rep. from Balt. Public Schools said parents have the right to ask for a translator & have documents sent home translated.
imma get off of ur account now babe
There's always majesty in the mess.
Testing phone app
Morning all! Hope all lead their week by inspiration and determination!
that's a good call.
I don't be up long enough to see it . I'm mad it's only 15 minutes though
go get it lexakadiddy
Thanks You're extraordinary.
Pickup Line: Excuse me, miss, do you give head to strangers? No. Well, then, allow me to introduce myself.
r u the fan club and Bella throne ur awsome u rock
I JUST GOT THIS ,,,Yo I need everyone to blast this song off 4me please.This Lil Kim New Single and we got to make it major. LMS
Did you know; Lisa Gay Hamilton's husband is a writer. Thelonious Monk: The Life and Times of an American Original
Thanks It was an honor to be a part of the Family Strengths documentary! dld.bz/arxfq
but its important that you understand the contract. I highly recommend understanding how royalties works.
like this pick by
I actually found out yesterday that I may have a LITTLE bit of Indian in me do you werent completely wrong haha
yeah you should get it ;) either that or fix your phone lol
Thanks for the RT and mention!
Everyone drive safe to and from the game tonight in this weather.
The " Spoke-N-Word" Religious Biker Patch Available now at www.barefootdrumsofhouston.com $12.00 ea free shipping check out our blog.for inf
Come to Harold BBQ in Southfield later!
Can someone remind me to renew my Drivers license next week?
I can't meet today but would love to have lunch very soon.
It's always the people who like to hear themselves talk who talk the loudest. Not everyone cares what you have to say, buddy!
haha! anyways im going to watch austream, tweet tomorow??
#FYI In 2007, approximately 14 million Americans recycled their used cell phones. Can we increase that many times over this year & the next?
Kayakers were ill prepared - The Spokesman Review
just hangin at the band house goin over some songs together :)
#NeverApologizeFor saying the Truth... :)
Liberal all day everyday
This is either a forgery or a damn clever original
There's no better feeling than detonating (or disarming) an M-COM in the middle of a hellish firefight
O Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God, have mercy on me, a sinner.
highschool? Or college?
whew! that orange and white game wore me out! stood for 2 hours, got soaked, and had a argument with a police officer.
I'm not that pretty but trust me I would give you the chance<3 im only 11 though
Really guys? “: Presented without comment: there are no women testifying at the Congressional hearing on birth control.”
Muse is the fat Elvis of modern rock bands.
I can't possibly imagine who that could be. Hm
Notice mee. Im gonna cry :(
Insulting! Mubarak is insulting the intelligence of the Egyptian people! Even those who died for the cause!
The way I loved you
juss showing my babe some love !!!!!!
Even the best fall down sometimes.<3
No problem! Let's do a weekday game then!!
How do you deal with info overload? -- says it's not new - period of enlightenment had 'so many books'!
Hey did you know that Tiffany & Co. makes the Lombardi Trophy?
are you going with 'to a wonderful mum' or 'pow supamum'
Whenever the train pulls up with 1/3 of the people during my commute, I get nervous. Is it Saturday? Is it a snow day? Did I miss something?
THOUGHT FOR THE DAY: Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do. ~ Orison Swett Marden
man I haven't seen you in a long ass time lol how you been
Warning: Controversial tweet coming up. Twitter is not exactly the place for this, but I know I wont put it on my FB & I have to get it out.
Tks for the RT, it's about time for the shine!
Hey I'm a new Capper on the scene creating a following have any advice? Check out my video on youtube 1000 veiwers the firstday
Swayze is hands down the best actor/dancer/song artist of all time. Not to mention his hair is second to none.
go crazy, have a gingerale!
- I'm at work. Won't be home till 10/11. Have fun.
Yoga & pie, my kind of holiday.
is fucking AMAZING !
Bek se ju ... I (think) I love you! Or I'm just tipsy ... One or the other?
Went to orchestra
no means no
What sounds better than a fish fry in a snow storm. Don't want to leave the car? Just ask and we will bring your order out to you!
Blake was so open wtf how could you miss goodnight bitches
Goin' rogue! Congrats to the CoH team, been looking forward to this xpack.
I would hate them either way lol. But still I hate Kobe but I give the dude props.
#cosign RT : pretty sure there is never a bad time for Mad Men...."
Ends of weeks are tired.
Jeff never did ....pay me back ...for the ones he lost ... lol i aint even tripping no more
Thank yoU!
"Our minds instruct our senses..." : npr.org/blogs/krulwich
Green on your mind, I can see it in your eyes!
Idek depends what I do before.
I beat the pussy up that's the hook right thurrrrrrrrrrrrrrr . Lolol jcolee :)
Dr. Klineberg presents the 31st annual Houston Area Survey
Good morning peeps happy 4th I hope u got the day off unlike me.
I will!!! It mite take awhile but I will make it happen!! Lmao
I always have that 1 negative thought bouncing around in my head.
Conversation is over, but I will be posting all the notes online tomorrow.
aww thats sucks are u feeling better
I can't get out of my mind.
William Pitt~ Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. It is the argument of tyrants it is the creed of slaves.
I have missed reading your tweets. Looking forward to reading you again Love you
I Let the take me away this morning too! just makes things better.
watchin the same movie omg thought that coach from xu looked like Dorsey but nah
Man im finna delete my page...Im make anoutha 1 win im on its hustle time...Good bye tweeta...its more like see u latta!!
My grandparents were born in the 19th century though, so it's totally okay.
Good to see the entire Flames roster is participating in Movember
jus got out of the shower & I have bruises,cuts,scraps,all over my body?! & i have a photoshoot sat for the label =(
It's a neat metaphor. All I seem to ever grasp are metaphors.
"practically every country in the world with manufacturing diffusion indices below 50 and the U.S. above 50" -D.Rosenberg
The stuff they say doesn't make sense, makes sense to anyone who actually listens to dialogue, watches scenes, & has basic logic skills.
We had a really good time in Dc. You need to eat at Chinatown express in Chinatown. It's great!!
: welcome to a life of trying to get college to fit around school. It just don't ever really work out... ever.
make show yall come back
it goes way beyond trust! Thank you for all your faith in me and support over the years.
If I had more than two weeks to finish my thesis you can bet I would.
I am interested in attending and of course publicizing it.
Aight let me stop getting deep. Good night yall!
wouldnt expect anything more from you
Real friends will accept you, despite all your flaws
Watching first episode of Sherlock, 2nd Season. The rest of you can wait until Sunday.
yeah just like u only love my mouth ass n pussy!!!!! Jerk ass nigga!!!! I love you too!!!!
"The reputation of #Alabama will take a hit, and 4ward looking ppl r also being affected"
follow back yo!
i can already tell this LAKER game is going to give me a massive headache
turn him down a few notch!!
same to you buddy! Hope it was a fun event for you.
Di2 fail or fail?
Great! I was astounded to see Coke machine AND Pepsi machine AND candy machine AND Hagen Dazs case at Kaiser clinic in Portland
When she gets back with Katelyn, we'll come get you.
Thank you! =)
Great day here at beautiful Lake of the Ozarks! We are selling a lot of boats!!!!! Time to get on the water!
Looks like TRUST is in their care now. FREEWAY was only Republic for home video & looks like it stays with Lionsgate.
Finishing up a job for the Philadelphia Global Water Initiative
i hate how curls come out with the curling iron
#tinktrivia boston, mass
If people were influenced by video games, the majority of Facebook users would be farmers by now.
This is driving me crazy!!!!!!
Oh my bald bryan is here ....
Time 2 step away from the cpu & eat soon. Hearing Mary J in my head singing about chicken. #starving ~bld~
he friggin would, shouldn't it be black tho? with a nice snake decal lol..
i had a boy tell me that he would have sex with drake if he could ... i say me and that boy need to be besties fo lyfe~
matter of fact, it would be a good one for one of those teens u were tlkn about
what happened to you and you heat team? You already gave up on them?
This is some gay ass shit bruh. I'm done.
why hello, weekend.
That's what we're here for :)
Im trying to get my facebook back to how it was before >.<
Totes haven't been on TW- sry 4 delayed response! It was SO fun catching up w/you 2 & next time we'll go somewhere w/ REAL margs!
miss you bestie!!
Who's ready to end their "Long Day's Journey" today by coming to the Kraine theater tonight? You'll be glad you did. NYTimes agrees.
Anyone who has the paper from Mrs. Ferrells spanish class for the project DM me!
Obama on Jimmy Fallon POTUS w/ the mostest
We only have a couple of RV/Boat spaces left! Stop by to rent one today!
I think Memphis takes game 5. Tough to win a 7 game series when you give away 2 games
New favorite flavor: LemonZest. Thanks to for handing out samples last night. So delicious!
Thanks for the #FF! “: #FF librarians that tweet!”
Great year for me and my company and many more good things to come. Just close a great deal with national TV company for my show.
AWESOME advice! TY! RT : Marital bliss is a myth; marital happiness is attainable.
I did remind you! Lol
All that is left is a stupid banquet tomorrow, three finals next week, and commencement. #whatdoidonow?
Happy Thursday everyone! Do you have any weekend events to recommend/share?
love life loyalty wisdom knowledge understanding....need i say more?
just sayin hi. Hope you're doing well
Perfect for flights to HI?
#ReasonsToGetNaked............who needs a reason ?
Inside the NBA on TNT is some of the best television you can find
cracks me up
What makes you smile? Let us know!
You said one direction; im automatically in your conversation now.
You're the coolest people I eva met on twitta!
on PS3? Yep. Kind of painful.
Do you guys need someone in Austin, TX? I'm on the job market, looking for a company I can believe in.
Fill In The Blank: I've always wanted to ____________________.
Have you cleared your environment for the new year? Eliminated clutter at home/work so there is room to breathe and grow?
Hey buddy! Randomly ran across your profile, working GG was fun. Good to see your new film trailer. Cheers.
WI State Fair today with - what deep fried treat should we try?
We apologize for not answering! Next time you order we'll give you some free knots or Cannoli. Thanks for trying us!
Thanks for the feedback. Definitely curious to hear more about Participatory Design Studio and other work...
oh god
can your brother chance the wedding date? Is that a possibility?
Now my tummy is hurting
Ever wonder if your dog sees you putting on flip flops and takes longer outside to prove a point? Brrr!!!!
Fwiw I just posted a YT clip not long ago w/ no captcha. Maybe it's a No-embed thing by the original poster?
We are pleased to announce that Traffic LA, one of our favorite Los Angeles boutiques, will soon be carrying Built For Man. Watch out LA!
haha! I asked him about "Where's the cookie man?" & he said the question out loud & like "I don't know...where's the....(c)
We're open! Stop by for a balloon flight, Animal Extravaganza, and to see your friends in Prairiretown!
Mets-Braves..Knicks-Bulls. Very conflicted right now.
Abt what being a 'Man' is? Or abt your repeated muffuletta abbreviation? Shld probably figure out at least 1 of them.
Love You Khloe , you speak your mind :)
out was 1 player selected from every team in the nfl. Gamers voted online. voting was open to anybody
Danny Reagan is intense tonight ;) iLIKE xo
Am I the only person that plays 11:11 while it's 11:11?? Haha
#ItsFunnyHow people can't be real with me...
showed the grit, and passion it takes to be the best!
Got the word today...Back in the studio to record new tunes November 27 with Chase Rhythm Recordings
Damn that's disappointing....
My fucking eye ugh
When the caution flag comes out, just keep your head down and keep going. Gods got this.
Oh thank you!
Hmm....a glass of wine don't sound bad
have an amazing #MaraMonday <U+E418>
cus I see sparks fly,whenever youu smile <3 **
Thanks for the RTs, Elise and the marvelous Cassidy Jones!
Hi PiP...u r awesome...I'll try 2 figure out how 2 return the compliment. Just got back from watching my grandson!
Have u ever heard of a lazy fart lmfao (inside joke)
RT : #followfriday Cuz, bitches, if youre not following her yet, you are fucking missing out. [I Love blatant Honesty]
Come check out Happy Hour at Oz! $3.50 cocktail specials and our famous Soju Cocktail for just a little bit more! 5:30-close!
#Natosummit bout to stir up a lot of criminal activity in
NEW Weekend Tweeps! Thx for the follows!
Mapping Atlanta session is in Grand Ballroom J and not Grand Ballroom A-C.
: When I rolled over, you hung up. I.O.U a call back my friend. #TMZ been after me, so I been on the go.
thank you!
The dumb bitches in this room my gawd
#ConstanciCrew I love the fact that its not a surprise to me that we got it trending!(: Haa'(:
vs Okc in the 1st round of this years playoffs?! Word
I understand THAT! That's why I like the Click (130 cal/serving) & the metabolic reset (120) -- even with a banana, it's ok
How's all the Sexy Peeps doin today? I think some humpin is due today... after all it is hump day right?
RT : I gotta stay true to myself. #Salute to all those who keep it real!
lets hang out then
lol are you referring to the old ppl shouldn't have email?
Worst dunk contest ever.
thanks for the #ff! Hi from #Caracas!
Very sheer crinkled cream silk,warm toned moonstone,FW pearls,zebrastone-deep green w/chatoyant white streaks,olive green lame,moss jasper
I want to be on 6th today too :(
help spread the word about our SpecialNeeds Activity Center 4Kids! we are always in need of help&donations! www.snacknyc.com
That totally explains it! I should really tone down the brilliance a little.
t(-_-t) goodnight
How could you stay the same for me, but change for her??
Horses doing a great job of keeping #Mifflin2012 clear
Taking a class on #itunesu about information literacy, assessment, and pedagogy. I love being a
For them to have 15 to's and be down by 4 is amazing
LVDRocks is a promo code for a FREE LoveVoodoo membership
Powerful messaging that paints a picture of "the Mexico you don't know" via video.
how's so?
More reasons why
yeah its a lot better than fb.
saying that God created the marijuana "flower" doesn't make it better
Serious conversations with me <
Some of yall do shit just cause its in a song...yen really smokin, poppin or sippin.....sit down..
Cassius is being a punk. Shocking.
“: Who plays draw something?” I do :)
I been checkin u out! u good keep it up I like it
M with family :)
and i wish i could have this moment for life, for life, for life.
with my sister til she goes off to Switzerland
If anybody is going to the 3 p.m. #UWSocial talk by employee before #SWMadison, I could use a ride.
if u want it to be
Thanks for the follow ;)
My mom needa hurry up so we could go ;o
the truth is...... i cant stop thinking of you
Things to try: turn off guaranteed sync, make sure all cues are preloaded, & other cues not loading when next cue starts
Thank you. :)
#makeitorbreakit finale! YES
sorry, what's that? :)
Morning ppl yall so late i already caught my worms
I want to be drunk tonight.
And it's only good use (printed form) is to become yellow-stained as a training tool for a dog! Sensationalism is rotting our society
sick of dining hall food.
GUESS WHAT FELLAS #TeamActLikeALadyThinkLikeAMan! IS IN FULL EFFECT
Watching the Phillies game (: come on Worley (: you got this <3
Either way sounds good, I like road trips and lunch at corporate!
picking sessions to attend for #DL09 next week. Looking forward to Monday's certificate program on scenario-based e-learning!
and let it be recorded on May 5 2012 that an accord of mutual agreement has been reached
In less than 24 hours I will receive a recognition award from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce at the Majors Business Luncheon.
Is life worth living? That depends upon the liver. The liver is the housekeeper of the health.
Low tech... high tech... always something new to figure out. Worm composting to apps... Kewl :}
Just Got Some Good News...
I think I just ate the most delicious orange ever.
Feh. Just registered for a webinar then remembered I have a meeting then. At least it's a free webinar.
check your dm's
I love you, Drew Brees. Shiva here I come!!!
Not sure if the Bon Iver covers of early 90s Annie Lennox and Bonnie Raitt are aiming for nostalgia, but I am totally falling for it.
Which team made the smartest picks, which will benefit there team, and which team made the worst?
Thanks for the retweet, sweetie. Hope to see you soon.
It Takes The Same Amount Of Time To Delete You Out Of My Life, As It Does To Delete You Out Of My Phone.
You will show your poker greatness by the hands you fold, not the hands you play. Dan Reed
Missed the #furthur presale but doesnt look like I missed much. TM fun to ensue....
Looks like our friendship is over maybe
Betman said the same thing about Atl. They have to say it. Sac was the only other one. Unless pacers attendance doesnt pick up.
Aww, I'm glad you're back! :)
Temperance River, take my mind...
Off to another photo shoot.
Yeah, my wife was watching Lost, and at each commercial break, you have to click to continue. Not exactly a submersive experience
HoeLies# 8 It's so BIG.
You have to get "off" certain things in order to get "on"
Tune in to tomorrow morning 8:45 will be on!! Finally find out what ROCK THIS RESTAURANT is really all about!!
Thank you! And yes it does!
we didnt show as we showed our new collection at fall market Please pop in next time!
Looking forward to seeing you there!
it's a tricky one:
thanks brother it means a lot.
THE BEACH!
I was actually right about cars when arguing with Kyle. Yes, it was the Acura NSX Roadster that I knew more about than you.
is looking for new Web designers and developers to add to our team! Contact me if you are interested in working with us.
;O I Love That Name!!
It's a new Day, breathe again...stop suffocating yourself from Life. Pray & let it Go
Shout out to #TeamCM I'm in orlando with #plush #studios #behindthescene #movielife #week STARTSSSSAS WE WITH
Answer us, Daniel. Stickam tonight? y/n?
Sounds good lol (:
Sometimes I agree--yay for miracles! RT It will be nothing short of a miracle if I finish this degree
It's 4:27pm, do you know where your weekend is?
How much are Kevin Hart tickets hitting for?
are you comin to do a book signin??
waiting on out check :)
Ted rules RT : NFL Draft has begun. Ted Thompson’s first draft as GB GM was 2005, turned seven picks into 11 w/ trades
Good luck with the apartment search tomorrow!
While conservatives give by far the most to charity, charities themselves are usually run by rabid socialist/liberals. Be careful in giving!
I wonder how many people will be watching #CGIU at #GWU in DC tonight. It could be fascinating & provide more reasons for optimism.
Have about an hour to spare. Think I'll hit the gym.
yeah. And lakers play fri and sat there. Maybe they will play a day game
I find that so funny "oh u have to yell" no bc in the end i have a cold face when im correcting u-i build leaders not scared followers
thank you!! Love you too!
I don't like MID either, but compared with automation and globalization, its effect is probably pretty small.
Lessons from subconscious? Be mistrustful of celebrity charm, and I need to have dinner at again soon. Love that place.
My son looks and acts like Voldemort in the Sorcerer's Stone. He's not at full power yet.
saw him hit on a friend if ours at Off The Record one night. Mans got moves
love the short link awe.sm.
you're welcome!
I LOVE that thinks I'm most influential about steak. I don't eat steak. (yep probably all those Steak and Shake check-ins...)
I've got my plans to have fun & #wangchung tonight :-) anyone else?
Think I might just do that.. RT : beer run....
you should really be here !
From : "Why are men trying to take away women's rights?" / Good question! (part 1/2)
Three new Florida polls out today, and they all show leading or statistically tied for the lead. This is a whole new race.
RT : Seriously a little angry about this National Grilled Cheese Day on Pesach thing. We invented the sandwich!
The balance between schedule, release timing, features, hours of gameplay vs. quality of those hours is the trickiest part of game dev, IMO.
Kyle Longest presenting on using twitter in the classroom #furman_ctl teaching and learning forum
RT : Sorry to read about death of Olympic diving gold medalist Mark Lenzi. He was exciting USA athlete. Dead at 43.
Does the Aunt Ruby persona enhance or limit your orgs ability to innovate?
RT : 2-2, man on 3rd, 1 out for the #Mariners in the bottom of the 9th. RT if you're wearing your rally cap right now.
is that an old pic or did you get him back ? ?
i still love wet the bed by chris brown
a campaign so flaccid does not pull out. it falls out.
I'm learning so much about wood and leather....at the shop. Soon to be open. Heck have buyers now. :-)
Congrats! (And I'd like to think your purty website helped too... :-) )
Getting excited for the season!
Just tweeted. Second quickest trot of year. 17.07 secs.
Big thanks to our amazing hosts in NYC!
haha I might be there
about to get nasty in the dunk contest tonight!
of course
Creating an account for my new Spanish and Latin American music concert series. Woohoo!!!
The network is up! We are load balancing the two connections and are working on reducing latency
happy birthday :)
I bet my dog is thinking of every time I don't give her a treat whenever she has an "accident."
lit my candles already!! IM READY FOR THE STORM!!!!!
SMU will announce shortly that former Texas QB Garrett Gilbert is transferring to play for June Jones.
Happy Trivia Tuesday! Of the 92 natural elements in the earth’s crust, what does Gold rank in rarity (what #)? No Googling!
You can get a good look at a butchers ass by sticking your head up there but wouldnt you rather take his word for it #OlensTips via Yingling
You have probably taken Ibuprofen, but have you ever tried Ibuprofen CREAM? Avoid stomach upset by applying where it hurts! 412-681-6400
Keep telling her she's pregnant.
I went there for lunch! Delish
Table 44 is not the same without you. We miss you bro !!!
Never cut what you can simply untie...
Madelou: thinking about the others is thinking about ourselves
Nations need to band together and take back what banks such as Goldman Sachs-have stolen by selling a rotten bill of goods to all of us.
Marti, love your profile pic! Is that during a performance?
WITH SWORDS AND ARMOR!
sorry I had piano lessons..... #awks haha
RT Only a true friend can see the real pain behind a fake smile.
Pay dat man for hiz swag
It's Hot Af In This House -__-
Thanks! I was totally confused on that, I misunderstood Dr. Sha big time in class yesterday : ) I'm so relieved now : )
returning from vacation isn't as painful if you answered emails during vacation.
Just get better! Don't make me come down there and...um...well, i can't really make the sick go away, but i'll try!
thanks pa..#shoutout right back
“: "cheers to Emily" absolutely true :)” agree is awesome
Watching the Taker/Edge TLC match from 09. Such a solid match.
Have you read?
I've read this before... Where is it from?
Why am I crying though..
“ Fucked her that Friday night we both woke up that Sunday morning”
I'm excited to try out tonight.
Tell your mom hello, and I love her and her book club too!
For my grandma... RT : It's Alzheimers Action Day. Someone is diagnosed every 69-seconds. WEAR PURPLE www.alz.org
Thank you!
rise and shine twitter fam
You can't break a fist pump
because no one can be outside for more than 25 minutes without dying from heat stroke.
no I have crush on tyler herrera. Yes blaha
printers w / different versions of Windows shouldn't be a problem to hook up. Give a shout if you want me to take a look...
Oh and watermelon too c:
Source? MT : Manhattan: American Airlines 34 has 3 passengers locked in a restroom. Fighter Jets are assigned for an intercept.
and i just ignored your phone call :))))))))
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
this is unruly
We're thankful for our patrons! RT New year, new songs!! Thank goodness for the !
I speak from experience, I ignored the red flags and sadly my kids had to deal with her abuse.
Los Feliz Hills mediterranean home for sale. Check it out: www.3651holboro.com More pictures to come.
My 700th tweet goes to the Mahomie Family, and Mama Mahone Hope my 700th tweet Gets Favorited and RT'd by AM<3
...One of the most eye popping things about the show (which repeats tomorrow) is all the color film footage. Martin Sheen narates
When are you gonna post more interview of the boyz <3 :)
There's something magical about sleeping until 2 on a Sunday.
The best sermon is a good example. ~WBowen
Gwyneth, put the cape back ON!!
Lone Pine Sanctuary ROCKS. Also, koala noses feel like the skin of kiwi fruits. :) Glad you're loving Australia!
Right there is the problem I have with sometimes he just needs to shut the fuck up and let the debate happen
Critics Cinderella with
hungry as hell
My poor Rondo couldn't hit a wide open jumper. It's okay tho.
I don't care if it seems impossible to obtain your love, but I'm not giving up.
all the good parties require an auxiliary plate of food. i take it vegan thanksgiving was a success?
Have you heard any talk about the Wood Bros. having a fan-sponsored #21 w/Trevor Bayne in the All Star race on May 21?
#Resonate2012 Registration begins in 1 hour and 50 minutes! We are so excited to begin this amazing conference!
#ReplaceAGagaSongWithYourName Bad Jasmine (:
i just wanna get high. fuck you, linda.
Have a good Monday!
Following our decision to cancel the physical occupation of #mla12, we are now seriously considering closing the account.
thanks sweetie :)
go to www.WeAreSuperheroes.net and we have some links on there also
..racing on the thunder and rising with the heat It's gonna take a superman to sweep me off my feet..
Now Following: n Thanks for the follow! :-)
Nice....The Egg avatar is very becoming LOL
all the time!!
we have the same sunglasses :)
rotating roles in a project - sounds a lot better than one person being saddled with the committee head job
went u was calling him he was coeming up thank u
Awful choice with LaPanta. Dull and uninspiring doesn't work for hockey.
things are a happening, progress is being made, more soon!
I think you should write about Danielle :) And about when you started singing... How you felt!
It's Homework Time! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Picked the kids up from school, got their homework done, made them sum nuggets. They got the rest of the day to chill... #efficient daddy
Bitch please. I'm no intern. I was Now I'm
;-) rt Awesome...*gushes* I'm being followed by Follow the Rose?!? Wow. Thanks! ;)
Woohoo! Go Cougars :)
Definitely something to think about.
<3 RT : Reading twitter while pumping in my car before three hours of trial
See Kristen Stewart&#39;s Gorgeous Mad Men Look on Elle Cover
book signed by who wrote if aliens are thinking of blowing up world, she hopes they meet me, b/c I'm worth saving
The homie Phoenix came to the lab to pick out a beat today, we working mayne!
and disturbing
And I know that you'll find, love, I will possess your heart.
it's Christmas time in the city
stop tweeting so much I only followed you because it was trendy after the world cup...
Actually, Neko's reaction was mixed...at best.
I lost my mind trying not to lose my soul
Nice! Well happy Labor day! Are you doing a semester or internship there?
the 76ers have now matched the 2011-12 success of the philadelphia flyers. technically speaking.
let's not forget street teams! cc.
Nelson Mandela is alive and well despite rumours on social media sites on Tuesday that he has died, state-owned broadcaster SABC reported.
remembering that Elijah worked many miracles, and departed into heaven alive.
I'm not ashamed to admit to just how many hours of 60s pop I can and do listen to. 60s on 6! Anyone with me??
IT WAS!!!! It made me smile 'cause you NEVER see celebrities with zits! I felt bad because I think he noticed me looking at it
Oh, I know. This is the second lap. ;)
I have done Cima
didnt he get arrested for getting into a fight at a gay bar lololol
I am looking forward to finding out who the man in the latex suit is!
"Like a virgin! Hoo...touched for the very first time" (in my Madonna voice) after 3 month massage hiatus
We're loving this quote to kick off the week: “For business reasons, I must preserve the outward signs of sanity.” - Mark Twain.
Success - There is only one success--to be able to spend your life in your own way.
Last day of school for the week! Track meet tonight at monrovia! Then practice Friday :/ But WCC Saturday!! #yay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F>
"The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious ~ it is the source of all true art and science." ~ Albert Einstein
THANKS FOR THE SHOUTOUT :) MUCH LOVE.
Let the record reflect that I'm gd tired of rolling, cutting out, and baking Christmas cookies ... and I'm only 1/2 way thru the dough. Ole.
“: looks like severus Snape from Harry potter getting her hair cut lmaoooo” f u
Not certain the other rose garden visitors enjoyed my rendition of Poison's "Every Rose Has Its Thorn" as much as I did...
- Endorphins are one of the best natural antidotes to depression there is. We need to replace pills with dumbbells.
Can I buy songs on amazon for my iPhone ?
"Serve God,love me,mend me,this is not the end, live unbiased,I'm sorry, sigh no more.
Ah, AWS EC2. Where "I need a server for a couple minutes. Also, my total budget for this task is $0.01." is perfectly valid.
Agreed, the underlying ethics are inappropriate if the content didn't need trimmed for clarity.
got it when I saw the movie lol
Josh's hometown is going Kray!
we had a small downtime last night but the site and visualizations are all still churning along
We had a great service and looking forward to next week. "the keystones" to Spiritual economics, Putting First Things First
Chris Brown was great========
Hairy Christmas
thank you love :D
Sure am. Getting ready to move into a new bigger warehouse. So excited!
- that's 28. Just two away!
on facebook? check out my fan page - do a search on OptionsTradingSystem!
. I'm not accepting ANY Corp PAC $, all Dems in #wi02 have followed my lead except Pocan
that baby is already born!!?? Didn't she go into labor at 8am???
My throat hurts..
Rainy day at home with sons...one with what appears to be pink eye.
yes but presale for next year is tom.
*MVPs #goodgrammar RT I want to congratulate wisconsin's mvp, the refs. (especially anthony jordan). Vandy had no answer for you
You don't mean anything to me anymore.
Congrats! Welcome to the crazy post-graduate life that some people call "adulthood."
Sitting here at freelance mike's place working on line blogging
Planning the Funky Promotions 3 year Anniversary Party! Were having a band from out west headline the event! Stay Tuned for updates
Playing the Jam Session Tonight at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando, Florida
EXTRAORDINARY week in Chicago!!!! My baby graduated WITH HONORS from Columbia College and I had an AMAZING vacation with my fireman
is dropping serious science on Polynesian menstruation.
Not a good day to be a Mogwai
that we'll be the sammeeeee. but nothins gonna be the same, but we're making all the same mistakes.
Why do people wear feathers in their hair...like you do know you look absolutely rediculous right....
Unbelievable how your facial expressions always match your character's moods flawlessly. Pure natural talant.
I just saw three black men in lambos and none of them looked like rappers thats cool
remeber when u had yo lil bro to say it...that was even funnier
Day of Irish Dance at the Landmark today! Slainte!
hows it going?any crazy stories about being on ABDC?or is it all just one giant crazy ride?<3 =]
You are the person you are today because of specific experiences geared to make you effective in your purpose. Do not despise the process...
awesome work, ladies. Innovative stuff. Important for #artsed!
These 7th graders are freaking out cause someone said cunt ! Shut up !!
true. too true. we all know them.
Always great to have friends that still call me young. According to my son I am "really old"
RT : I'm in Austin for a month! It really is the perfect weather here right now... Pretty nice here in Dallas too.
awesome. no ticket price. I can make it rain a couple a drink to see this. Should I dress accordingly? :)
i wish you much success in 2012 and beyond! I enjoy your commentary. "WE" need your voice!
I don't know. Waterboy sounds like a for sure thing, lets hope he's the next Bobby Boucher!
Writing scripts for this afternoons Film Club at a local Primary School. Today we get to film with the big camera!!
you're willing to watch a 4 hour long chick flick for the beck of it??:O How are you still Single???? Lol
current fave track on Allderdice?? enjoying me some Mia Wallace lately
Reggie Evans doesn't say Happy Mothers Day. He just glares at his Mom, and she knows that he loves her.
that must mean your picking be up then?
OMG BOY WAIT UNTIL YOU HEAR ME SING! ;D
Soo..... guarding Al Horford with Marquis Daniels was the good thing to do? I guess so...
still going through set up... No time to eat... But able to keep hydrated... The road is a lonely mistress
Bein honest in my own estimation of my positions so that I can accept the outcome, pay the price & reevaluate myexpectations.
hope you are enjoying your vacation!!! <3
Yesum that Game is still around
Another persons weight isn't your fucking concern. So, just stay the fuck out of it.
thank you lots lexi!
Yes! " it ok to go as for Halloween in Madison? I have the #ReshapeTheNation shirt, a plain hat and shirt."
She humpin my butt
On my way to bed just seen karate kid. So awesome!!!
Do you know what I wish for? I wish for me to be sweet and Funny like all the other Arianators out there :)
did it on em
it's easy to stay up-to-date with a division foe when I follow
I'm up way too early this morning.
Digital age can be good for journalism, but also problem. Ppl you intv can tweet about it, alert others about your story.
hope he grows the beard back, m.
. puts body on line, makes driving layup. Fell hard and was clutching his right wrist. He's up now, though.
OMEGA PRODUCTIONS LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT PLAZA DEL REY BALLROOM... HUGE QUINCE
Yeah of course i'm a fan of DOAWK!! Yeah she replied me twice and RT me 2 times too :D
I think it's crap that the UK gets The #Avengers before us, get your own heroes you Limeys!
yea I did.
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
Happy #NationalBagelDay! What's your favorite kind?
Good morning
It's a Sam Cooke kind of morning….
and just like that its like lives not even worth living
your good with calling someone on a personal line when they didn't give you that number? Doesn't seem like something you'd do
zumba is super fun! Your calves/quads/butt really get a workout
That nigga be balling.
There we go Blue. Touch Down!
Looking for one bilingual female rep in LA this Saturday night! 5pm-midnight, email with your info ASAP!
I just unfollowed/reported u as spam! u have the most filthiest mouth/pics i have ever seen!
Good night
"If you understand freedom, it comes from tolerance and nonviolence." - Ron Paul
its ok bud i'm cutting back on my calls
Carson Racer Boris Said is on Top Gear America tonight! Check it out on the History channel on right now. Program re-airs at 10:00 PM PST.
please please please please #1DMix933 :-)
I'm trying (: Where you ben ?
Let's figure this out. I'm still trying. well, welcome to us!
but then I wouldn't have two black cards.
I'm gunna get bit by that turtle, knowing my luck.
Christmas is the season when you buy this year's gifts with next year's money. ~ Anonymous
Thanks for the mentions. CEONet retreat was great. very engaged audience.
The worst thing you can do is to stop marketing! (Justin DeStoppelaire)
it aint no love in these streets !
Wow! You must have been little then. What belt did you make it to?
Sometimes questions are more important than answers.-- Nancy Willard
why isnt the left arm sore as well? Are you left handed?
thank girl!! Yours is coming up!
A4: "Triumph of the City" has been waiting on my Kindle for a while... Know some of it is gonna make me mad, so I'm stalling.
Incredible night at the recital for my awesome vocal teacher, . Thanks for shaping me into the artist I am today!
people will forget what you say and do but they'll never forget how u made them feel
Keep your heart in a locket,Put the key in my pocket.c; <3
I'm pretty sure is the most BA person on TV. Can't wait to watch #fieldtest tonight!!
Pretty girls never really date super attractive guys. And really handsome guys rarely date super pretty girls. I wonder y tho?
On our way to Freehold, NJ for our show at the Freehold VFW who's stoked?!? Doors at 530 RT if you're coming out!
haha... I guess Mother Nature is mindful of education this season
He needs win for P/ R
appreciate it :)
I like to think it's my own way of supporting America and what we stand for.
who wants a Free Song?
RT 52.1 left after shot by Taylor and Jarmusz missed...tie up gives GB ball up 4!! Get to a radio.
My world has been flipped upside-down. According to our team Jung workshop I'm not an ENFP! I'm ENTP! I don't know who I am anymore!!! AHH
we like! RT : yoga three or four times a week, trying to start up running again but failing
Woo hoooooo i just won a tmobile sidekick this is amazing i get it shipped tom me next week
It is beautiful there. Enjoy!
smh yall we hate the heat fans be killin a nigga but yeah i called that game ass whippin pt.2
Life's downright crappy sometimes. But i'm constantly reminded how lucky i am to be surrounded by wonderful people. Dear friends, thank you.
#MikeRosen says judicial activism is what spurious judges do when they refuse to be bound by law or the constitution.
ok... #facebook seems to have fixed their issue, for the moment at least...
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious....can you guess why that song has been in my head today :)
<<<< this person is sexy!
What' s shaking?! How's it going - I didn't click to listen, b/c I'm working on a report - but do you make your own songs?
Oh. you're 16 and quit smoking? How Inspiring.
Dear Corey Hart, learn to hit the curveball. Currently, you suck at hitting those. Love, every #Brewer fan alive.
Daniel, I think this may have you pegged, baby!! Ha, ha, ha! November loves! :-) #Scorpio's self-nurturing highlight: Solitude
next season bulls...
This means my boss starts maternity leave in 15 minutes, so I am now in charge of systems at work for the next 3 months
Thanks to everybody who came to the and show last night. It was really fun. See you next week with ur date story
Okay, what's going on here? Everything has vanished. What gives?
If "battle royale" and "hunger games" were in a dystopian future where 12 movies had to fight to the death, "battle royale" would win
what's ur page on streamate. And have u been in any music videos?
didnt get a single thing done today.
no biggie. You probably know us from "VerseCity - Tik Tok Rok" look it up if you got a sec. <U+270C>
Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me? or is it always gonna be a dream. follow me<3 8
waits on this phone call...
My thoughts go out to all of the support staff affected by all this.
RT : Don't forget, tweet me with your FIU Business Incubator StartUp Questions! today @ 11 a.m
Thanks Beau!
But yes. It's good :) Contract signed, closing in June.
forreal Dow. I'm trying to go down to Miami with some friends before school starts though
im devastated...as a fan i still have hope as far as a bracket choice, you might be right
This smell has been following me all day, and its not me...
": I have a hate/love relationship with the gym :/" i know what you mean!
Looks like your Boy did great today, now if we can keep him going Sunday!!!!
checkout the homi #Jwisesquared #GasNoBrakes coming June 5th! stay tuned for a production on #GasNoBrakes2 !
Had an amazing time at !! Thanks to everyone who made the trip fun and interesting. How many of you did we meet?
I still haven't been able to catch up on sleep
In our mailbox, which is three blocks from the house.
congratulations to for reaching a new WordPress milestone of 1,000 blogs! Let us know when you hit 5k!
JUST BOUGHT MY TICKETS! #Clubparadisetour May 19th <U+E414>
Busy Weekend. Santa going lots of places. Ho Ho Ho still needs amplification and the man needs a stage set to be looking good.
TONIGHT - DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Play the Best Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Danceclub!!
Some #MIA fans just horrible man so many empty seats at #A with 1:30 left Heat down 7 with ball. I'm sure they're frustrated but come on
Great call on Customer Retention starting now . Http://www.BMCTalkshow.com Come join in on the fun
You are so sweet :) Thank you very much! I hope you had a great weekend xox
I wanna be laying out on the beach reading a cosmo sipping on a fruity drink with an umbrella in it!! Lol
I know. They would have had to be smart enough not to put her on.
": You know what? You look hot." This reminds me of you... and Logan ;F
who's The sideline reporter that did the interview with Beth? Twitter handle?
yup Hahaaa can't wait
RT : Rep Morrow 'very concerned' abt no roof. Wd be 'fundamental change in the project'
the idea of elementary school kids w ipads is just so damn sad.
This Thursday is ACM night at ! Check out Chateau, Tree Piece and 10pm 21+ $3 at the door.
why are only two peas in a pod #explanation please
So stoked with the amazing team of !!! Something exciting coming!!!
I can't even imagine, I'm very impressed with a project that size done in reflective - have photos anywhere of it?
I've never been to a club where the DJ just sorta stops spinning. So why do pop songs keep telling the DJ "don't stop?"
hen u no i can see this right?
Hi My name is Karah and I tweet a lot.
lol, awesome- it's MADNESS! Great job buddy n see u next week!
What do you think are mind-blowing articles/books on DH and literary criticism? [+]
this nigga gave me onion rings
I know you don't need last months newspaper in your car laying around and shit!
the thing I run is just an hour, once a week during the summer. When I was a kid I did Skyhawks, but Arena Sports now has camps.
Can't stop thinking about tomorrow. 24 hours from now, we'll be either on top of the world or despondent. No middle ground.
I love my iPad like a family member. What did it do to bake you hate it?
That's not suspect. That's guilt.
Rockstar is another that gets me.
someone teach me how to cook....
A heavyweight title boxing match...
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 :) 8
Talkin Turkey officially rolls out- gobbling all over this town! Startin @ Meridian & 116th at 1030am so come get yo Cajun fill!
When campaign ads are so egregious that normally-silent Navy SEALS criticize them, that is not a trivial matter
Filling up 28% of the arena is the first problem. But yeah, not a terrible performance from the people that actually went.
Shirtless men giving each other haircuts is the hottest and rarest square on my gay bingo card.
Blue Men Group, let the madness began
RT : That #AWKWARDMoment when Chris Brown reaches back to scratch his head and all the hoes in the room flinch!
good morning. Are you free next Friday night for my birthday party?
i am a 14 year old boy that wanna become an actor since a little kid i really need a agent ect. can yall help me
DailyHookahTip#58: Another 100% tar and nicotine free alternative to hookah tobacco is shisha. Keep those lungs fresh!
Poised Creation is blessed to be backed by some of the best business professionals in the country!
and ur a 5 year old for saying so :)
A pretty blue and white silk skirt, a nice lightweight top and a lovely Ann Taylor cardigan. Can't wait to wear them out!
It's terrible is ending unlimited data to those who have been loyal.
no body but u the upchuck king
Awesome!! RT Cancer free for 3 years.
Incredible. Any testing insight - A/B? Control vs. Test? Creative, copy...?
Totally. Or a Passion Pit cover of Rihanna.
& I get all tongue tied, lost in your eyes.
my playlist had a lot of David Gray - New Horizons was a good one.
That just disrespected America.
Queen Elizabeth's panties are now on eBay...now we know where the term "bloody hell" comes from..
TUNE INTO SALEMS LOCAL KMUZ 88.5 FOR MY LIVE RADIO INTERVIEW BOUT THE MIXER I PLACED 3RD IN AND MORE....L's Up!
Anyone have a link to a live feed for the game #mufc. Looks like its on tape delay in my neck of the woods.
I KNOW! maybe it contains... peanuts? nah... that's just silly talk! How are you Gary? <U+2665> Aoede <U+266A><U+266B>
definitely agree that Marietta street needs bike lanes!
what's wrong girl?
- I know me& my cravings -_-
I'm pulling the evening shift at the labs. I am a L shirt size. Love the Tech Center shirt I got last year!
The Album release party for my project Coloratura will take place Thursday April 26th in the Scottsdale Museum of Modern Art @ 7pm.
we're discussing publics and what/how to organize and impact around knowledge of Islamic world
Oh. Dear. God. I'm swear I'm losing brain cells listening to this chick try and make conversation on this awkward first date.
Forcing Hollywood to Abandon 35mm Film. But the Consequences of Going ://www.laweekly.com/2012-04-12/film-tv/35-mm-film-digital-Hollywood/
Cocoa Beach :)
Welcome to February at Walter's Porsche, we've got deals for you...www.WaltersPorsche.com/specials/service.htm
Thank you for the RT. :)
when will we see you at Shadowland? I hope you can make one of the last 3 shows!
How do you teach gratitude to your children? How are you raising empowered, yet not entitled children??
bad lauren!
i Wouldn't Say Your Stupid, I Mean You Are But I Wouldn't Say It .
DM me an email address that I can send you some info.
If terrorists really want to start having an impact, they should get into cancelling TV shows.
Read between the Lanes. (Bowler talk for Fuck You)
Fellow panda is on America's Got Talent tonight. He Would be.
well.. Let's just say.. It's shit..
I have my wicked pack of cards with me today. Here is the drowned Phoenician sailor . . .
Golden Globes!!!
"Recovery," the new album from Eminem, could not be more aptly named for a music business facing an alarming fall in sales so far this year.
CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Awesome application -pretty addicting -good time waister" by Thomas
Just finished my first "coaches meeting" PK/K soccer. Gonna be good times.
Disco really is dead. RIP Donna Summers. Glad I was able to see you perform in 2007 one last time.
The opera is based on Man-Thing and has sections of text from Astonishing Tales
What's your preference? iPhone or Android?
- I am unclear about your last statement. How does one get involved in their own understanding? Is this really your issue?
Hey good brother! How have you been? Good to hear from you!
So Excited to Watch you guys on ABDC!!((: Hope you have an ICONic Day :)!
Hi guys! Reply what you love about 1D!
At Aria, they showing Floyd fight in their lounge for $50. Guess they priced it right or wrong depending on how u look at it, sold out
What are the benefits of detoxing? For starters, try: * increased energy * weight loss * faster metabolism * better digestion * decreased …
Even better news: is coming to Strathmore in June.
omg that show is dangerous for me to watch! I always wanna go out and get more puppies! Lol
I am surprised. I think it has an off taste. I don't like it! And I drink margarittas all the time!
Had a shot of expresso and now I'm dealing w the after taste.
A win for The Newt is a win for Obama haha
Just waking up and headed into the office. Will be there all day. Had a chill weekend. Think I may do the same with the week.
too hot. need snow.
Miss you more :{)
"Poetry is like a zip file for language" - in
Workin late, booking talent for a shoot tomorrow.
Philippines Still the Hottest Real Estate Market in Southeast Asia. PLC International Marketing Networks – a Manila Condotel Investme...
Interested in being an Intro to Feminisms TA next semester? Email Ellen Friedman at to request an application!!!
Yes. I absolutatively promise :)
followback and MY FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW TOO :)
Everyone should watch Real Steel and In Time. Both real good movies I've seen then like 10 times. <U+E00E><U+E12A>
I know someone that "raps" and I really hope he never asks me what I think about his music cus it's horrible...
big boo big big big big big big big boo
Extra hot sause
um hello stranger
RT : Jeff Hughes of says the build to suit market is "still inefficient,"
Hahah.. just ignored him.. :)) I'm american but I dont live there. U?
The best sound on earth...hearing a child laugh
I smell Bacon! lol
awesome! sad we won't have class together!
Moving my bookcase into the living room makes me wonder why I kept all of these books from grad school.
last night in Portland. Hanging with cousin Ben and his boyz Liam and Camper. SWAAAAEEEET!
thanks for taking photos of
#WhenTheBossIsAway most of the office supplies disappear. scraps is admitting nothing.
That's a heck of a stat. I' m curious where he got it? MT : CM Barron says only 10% of charter grads college ready
me I'm poor due to corporate greed and the GoPs relentless effort to destroy the middle class. #canistillhaveit?
sucks at texting back.
Am I remembering right, that about 20, 25 years ago, Lasix was illegal in NY and couldn't be used in Belmont Stakes?
Dj'ing tonight with - Boston's best Thursday. Be there.
Don't know how well Marty could play without winning. Damn son. Get them in game 2.
oh, really? RT : yea but there's no college fantasy football... ha!
Forreal which one
aw u gettin another one?
nothing, how are you?
I'll post pics of the actual cards as soon as I have them.
no problem again gorgeouss<3 andd awhh thank you so much..mean alot to me:) are you meeting them at the be iconic expirence?
Don't know. Let's just say there wasn't a line to get in.
oh yeah the little one was for real. I was trying to make her seem like great snake hunter!! She did get that one tho.
Amazing - thank you!!
What is it with Greek restaurants and blue decor?
iknow.shittt when don't you work!
that would be nobody !
": I found a butterfly on the ground with no wings. So I poured some redbull on it and BAM...... it drowned e__e"
text me back Holli! you need to come over. d:
Sounds lovely. I mean, the putting on PJs and sewing part. Not so much with the going to a crowded grocery store.
Walking in with faith
Oops! Jeff Bridges on American Masters is NEXT Monday - March 19. We're too excited to wait!
Have a good day hunny! See you when I get home! Don't let a little khaki camel toe bring down your whole day <3
Good morning!!!
Jumping in to the wedding chat with and friends!
look how I just voluntold Joe what to do! I know, I know, my bad!
I think, by the looks of it....its going to Rock
Since Dem JFK took office in Jan 1961, non-gov payrolls up by almost 42 million jobs under Dems, only 24 million for Rep presidents.
late 2008 only supports up to 8, so I'm just extending its life a bit until I get the new pro when it comes out
So cute
So funny! Have you ever listened to her show? It's just so over-the-top, I can't get enough of it. The callers crack me up.
how is VU
We've been open almost 2 years!
it went well! Standing ovation. The audience really seemed to respond well to the work.
AN SPECIAL SHOUTOUT TO MY DEAREST & (AMAZINGS!) GO FOLLOW THEM. THEY ALWAYS FOLLOW BACK.
'Teen Mom' Star Amber Portwood -- Back in Jail
Decided to get a head start on impending disaster by finishing my taxes, and am now wallowing in monetary disaster.
Cool :) you were unknowingly the inspiration as I was looking over your shoulder wishing I could have your notes. Thx ! :)
#ThingsGuysShouldNOTSayToAnotherGuy I wanna be inside you Holmes.
I just saw your right shoulder on Fox 31.
FIRST OUT!!!!
but its only #25 days!!!!
By the time you're eighty years old you've learned everything. You only have to remember it. - George Burns
Early Bird Special ends August 1st! Only 10 more days to get in at a HUGE DISCOUNT off the at-the-door price!
:) can't wait hun
Can't wait for Spring Breakers! AHH
the Rolex is faceless, im just young, rich, and tasteless.
I wanna go shopping . . Um Soho anyone ???
#FF local friends of
what i do??
that I of course agree with
lmao yes its OFFICIAL !
The writer's genetic inheritance and her or his experiences shape the writer into a unique individual, and it is this uniqueness that is...
If chef Ron wears the wrestler mask I will die laughing
Best words: but, I love you... Worst words: I love you, but...
I suppose we've all been called worse. Of course, tis better to be a #wimp than a
Bloom has been in rotation since last week! :) Also, it was awesome to meet Victoria after their Miami show!
If you wouldn't tell me about stuff like this. I wouldn't have ever known. with Twitter and internet connecting everyone to everything
AIM is the worse, I use HipChat for my work related conversations now
Help me I'm alive my heart keeps beating like a hammer, beating like a hammer.
Walden is down...stop the carnage!
Thank you, Cynthia. I can always count on you to enable my caffeine habit! ;) How's your day going? Doing super here!
I love the rain <3 except when my lights go out -.-
New Feature Alert! Our "Latest Uploads" page lets you easily keep track of the newest images users have added to SepiaTown.
#NowPlaying – David Vendetta – Bingo Players - Rattle
M, this new song is delicious. :)
"Can you do me a favour?" Normal people: Sure. Directioners: Does it involve the buttah sock?"
Had great private screening of the film in NY. Thanks to all who attended.
this is just a sign that the lord is on his way back btw Egyptian are considered black lol
Yes you could
Great Looking San Diego Morning - Off to Silver Strand State Beach, Coronado. Sand Dollars and San forts!
{Be very happy for your neighbors/friends/competitors who are doing good. That makes your accomplishments even more valuable!)
what did he say? Reference?
anyone in #dupont want to bring me an espresso?!
I never knew how much I enjoyed driving until I couldn't do it for two weeks!
I'm pretty excited! Waking up extra early to get them:)
Whoa, Rodgers just juked #Briggs and #Urlacher outta their shoes.
24-17, enough said...GO CARDS
Is there a heart in the house tonight?!?
fantastic job Mr. Walker, you have our family's votes
that sucks :(
I want my "15 Minutes" of fame so if I get 1M followers by his cd release 6/14 I think needs to let me sing on stage with him!
where is that? Corryville?
“What can I do? I have my contract with Chinese team, I won’t fly away, I can’t fly away. I’ll stay here in China,”
good morning mi amor!
*** My BDAY Tailgate Party 2MORO for MTSU Homecoming! 3P in Murphy Center Parking Lot! FREE Food! ARE U COMING? ***
I have the best aunt EVER.
Is it true?? RT Power outage now reported as stretching from San Diego east through Arizona to New Mexico.
20 bad requests vs. One real cool chick diggin every song you play.
Stayed up all night long with my best friend... ME (:
HAHA Whew glad u told me you were being sarcastic!
Peeve: people sitting at a bar filled with fans, reading the paper, and drinking a water. GTFO!
“: woodford sun has never needed a cartoonist”
Ok y'all, bases are loaded & Ryan Braun is up...bottom of the 10th...
i would do anything for an invite;)
Back to the Future's future is so much worse than our present, they still had bullies and no internet.
Maybe Ramirez breaks out here?!
Tip: facilitating collaboration is key! Have a common web destination where instructors & learners can work together outside the classroom.
hope your having a great day! keep doing your thing and come to Charlotte soon! love ya Barbie style!
Love it! Great idea!
I empowering myself through bold and positive changes.
you guys should make the tank top in black! I think it would look really sweet in black :)
A friend doesn't want to look for another job, but a sudden downturn at his company is forcing him to. He's irked.
Perks to being a Belieber? Well, 1, we have Justin. 2, you have a 22 million member family standing behind you and Justin 100% of the time.
There's nothing like colorado springs.<3
HAPPY HALLOWEEN! :D did you dress up?(:
I gift from above
Think I'm hungry again
. is giving away tix to , & at on 4/9. E-mail josh[at]ynotradio[dot]net by noon to enter
At VC, we generally only do that to the opposing fans who've invaded our building that are leaving in shame so... Go Caps fans?
“: U don't love me ... U just love my doggystyle.. RT : you know I love you :-)” lmao!
I live a few blocks away from the action anyways, I'm in.
When a man realizes the value of his woman, he adds value to himself.
Will Ferrell is killing it on #SNL - as expected!
didn't forget about grape margarita's. Destiny has a game should be over by 730. Let us know!
hahahaha!!! Yes that would be so awesome! I bet Paul wants to sing with the boys... I imagine him with a opera voice
I guess that's true of the Fielder hlight as well. Dating myself... Saw JR Richard at Riverfront vs Reds 1978
I work there at the bowling alley
Football Sunday baby!! <333 :)
Hello...good morning!
Re previous: Add your remix to the project!
Decision 2010: Talk to Team Thomas at Big Bear Cafe farmers market and pick up fresh items for dinner tonight.
Are you Single ? (: xx
Guest tap, Space Needle Golden Ann. IPA. Pints only, last time tapped, lasted only 52 min. Don't miss out.
I didn’t know there was Christian R&B music, or that my neighbor likes to sing it louder than the music he is blaring.
had a great time presenting at the Conference in Minneapolis this morning
Hey World We Have Been Busy, Follow Our Brother Company For All The Latest Music, Clothing & Hip Hop Info!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 31
RT : Yo we need that "Get Gone" Record by to be on 99Jamz tonight!!!
Did you know: Frogs can't swallow with their eyes open...
you know it!
Oh! You remind me. I got something at the thrift shop for you (actually ). Must get it to you soon! :D
Thanks Jay and Amanda for a great Twitter workshop! . Be sure to check out .
Welcome to the DotGov family!
Thanks for the Rts @!
#Rushers so im taking graphics design in college in the fall yay but right now im taking a class so much fun im so happy
u give women hope lol “ Thats my baby though. I just know what she want out of me. Trying to perfect myself to be that dude.”
good list, Neal. Thanks for sharing.
oh boy a play??
and you can store all content types (websites, online videos, gDocs) - not just files! :D
There's so much going on right now; and my feelings are everywhere. But for once I'm happy, and it's all thanks to him.
Good luck at #NSAC! “: Thank you for the inspiring presentation tonight & great advice! We got a great turnout.”
the Eels - Hombre Lobos, my latest awesome find.
Actually sticking to your diet plan <<<<<<<
Sipping champagne with the hubbs!
" I think this sweater bad luck "
unregistered sex offenders.
been dropping beats like
Thanks for the #FF!
re: single person doing soc. med..what abt evenings & weekend updates? Can we expect emp to be updating all the time?
What did you see?
Awesome Terry Riley clip.I'm bursting with excitement to see the new concerto with and have TR in Nashville.
even better
what the hell...why is it showing everything i do on youtube?!
Good Morning Twitter :)
Nicole's the #MarchMadness Queen!!
Kirwan: We are at grave risk of becoming a two tier society with rising college costs
Things Target Field needs: New guy to announce batters over the loud speakers. Preferably someone who has completed puberty.
walcott out for season bc of hamstring injury against chelsea... Hopefully will be back for euro.
Man, I hate writing spec docs.
Who is your favorite Survivor (winner or not)? Your favorite season?
Yeo happy birthday have a good one homie live it up
You inspire my inner serial killer
oh same here fav tna wrestler is still samoa joe sorta like ecw taz when he first started
RT : Sleep is for people with no internet access.
Any day I can listen to talk about Facebook is a good day.
The last day of school this year is going to be sad. This is the best year of high school I've had. I love my friends so much.
Hm what to do
Hot black juice, elixir of life, dust the cobwebs from my brain, focus my attention... Take my to Africa,... your origins. M.
thanks for the follow!
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.- Judy Garland
Can a dramatic change in weather cause your car engine to start slower? Car people, help me out. Oil is good & timing belt recently changed.
not the strangest request I've ever received...
what do you think can JR get to the front?
didnt i watch a period of the B's in the playoffs at ur house? It's not like i've been contacting others & not u guy
Glad to hear it! Very happy that you're evaluating Argyle!
. just emailed me about my column! "Tuesday, May 15th is our last major campaign fundraiser before the election..."
Are you rockin' a blue-backed iPhone or am I just that color blind?
Want to connect with someone? Ask him/her what he/she is passionate about.
WE PRODUCE TV COMMERCIALS MUSIC VIDEOS IMAGE PIECES WEBSITES 2 FIT YOUR BUDGET we have a program to fit you!!!!
I can only assume that image itself was some kind of 4chan prank
Sometimes You Just Gotta Laugh At Other People ...
omg yes @ the second to last pic.
The doctors thing is true. I mean, close quarters and long shifts? Bound to happen.
Victoria secret ;)
One more day of work - then off to Florida for four days to adjust my vitamin D levels. Tweet you from there, I'm sure.
I want some sbarrrrrro!
and Thanks a bunch for your help! DM your addy's and we'll send u each a pair of state fair tickets for helping! :)
Setting up for webjunction webinar with 2011 LJ Best Small Library winner and finalists #bestsmlib Excited to hear their ideas!
Today is feeling like another Ian Mackaye day for me. Which project of his should I choose? Hmm...The Evens!
WHOOOOOOHOOOOO!!! AND ANOTHER ONE BY NICKS1 GO GIANTS!!!!!!!!
My downstairs neighbor keeps hitting my floor with her broom. She obviously thinks the Lakers are going to sweep. That silly bitch.
Bitter experience has taught us how fundamental our values are and how great the mission they represent. Jan Peter Balkenende
So everything you said was bullshit.
Butterflies count not months but moments, and yet have time enough. ~Rabindranath Tagore
in short: review Dianne Hillman's keynote from last year's CODE4LIB
RT : Sipping Chamomile tea with whiskey... #WestIndianColdRemedy < did u add cinnamon sticks?
Seriously, dude, just chill out. Try to celebrate nice things instead of being ugly. Life is too short! See ya!
Now you may be wondering, just where will the West Side Open House be held? Grand Lodge! We hope to see you there on April 24th!
Thinking about going for a run now
Any early prognosis of the Avengers movie?
Full color bios, and glossy B & W prison stance railroad track pics will be included.
I am very thankful to have had such an awesome journey over the last 6 years in the States with the most amazing woman & and great friends!
im about to go to the studio :) can't wt to get there.
A very good day of media for the boss yesterday/this AM.
Yard Sale! :)
I feel forlorn as I send my instrument in for service. No gigs for a couple weeks, no grounding by playing mandolin. Scary, but will be ok.
j bebs of course.:)
Really enjoying watching & right now. Both kids play w/ so much effort & passion. Will be contributors this year.
I can't believe you actually tweeted Liam 120 times and he stil didn't see you. Lol.
I know! I will have the MTC address posted hopefully tomorrow as soon as I get to Utah. I won't have it until tomorrow. :)
Happy birthday to my favorite guitarist, :)
You look beautiful hun <3 :p and OMG he's too cute <3.<3 haha
golfing, obviously
My 25 year-old son told me today that he likes Gayle King. That's one thing we have in common! LOL.
I might fuck round & do a whole 16 to 'Mercy' lbs...
Today I wanna got o his house sleep a night><
make me a freaking spicy latte.
So many overweight children!
Mankind makes its own miracles; God has nothing to do with it
Crazy. “: It is too gangsta up in Mexico. Let just chop up people and leave them on the highway? okay.”
i love your twitter, you guys are so funny!(:
so pumped to see you tomorrow! :D
the week after sounds good, I'm also out of town next week.
Nice!! RT : I'm about to get bourbon-faced on Shit Street.
how many folks are learning English on your platform?
Ok. I am just relaxing now on this cloudy day
sounds wonderful :)
what was it like working with Dave Cooley?
Oh Cool!
they were probably having sex. You're the abstinence fairy! Sorry...not fairy -- Don't hurt me! Ah!
Trying to teach how to cook!! Surprisingly he's doing Really Good. I just might make him my Suos Chef..lol
#ASAHQ Additional Analysis of the CMS Final Rule on Medicare Conditions of Participation: Anesthesia Physician Supervisio
I was sayin the same thing,
Joy is the essence of success. ~Yogi Tea
If it's a Denver win, kinda hoping fans start chanting "We Want Phil" and the camera awkwardly cuts to LAL exec suite.
I can never cut a break.. Why cant everything go back to normal
With fresh mozzarella! YES RT : A2 I love organic heirloom tomatoes!
Lol... RT : Come on melo we use to get hit harder than that up 77 court behind the old folks building
COME LAY NEXT TO ME AND KEEP ME WARM :) lol
please follow my friend who is also brand new to twitter:
RT is anyone else interested to know which one of these episodes Snooki's baby was conceived on?
Makes taking home leftovers from a restaurant easy.
Kobe got benched last night... About time somebody steps up and isn't scared to bench Kobe.. The team went on a 10-0 run with Kobe benched!
<U+2665> love you I got say somethin on my phone now<U+2665> downloaded it off youtube love you<U+2665>
You can't have $23 million a year tied up in a guy that doesn't make the team better and isn't a leader.
"Everything is changing. People are taking their comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke."
we believe in the opposite, we teach respect. "...find other ways 2 help besides using autism as frightening?"
Um, honey? You're not putting anything named Bonzo in bed with us. No way. :)
Excellent account to Follow. Definitely recommended. #AllYourHeroesBecomeVillains but some of us stay heroic!
how's SXSW? we miss you here in Nashville....well, mainly we miss hearing you say "AW RIGHT!"
Can somebody please tell me when is birthday did it pass already
"corporal jehoshaphat's nacho express"
And I don't how I can do without I just need you now~
Cant wear a hoodie in Family Dollar! Smh
I guess!
Remember to put on the whole armor of God Today Children.
I'm following 2,017 people
Oh no........ please dont start this again..
Everytime I get a George Strait press release sent to me I squeal.
RT : The #userexperience is at the intersection of taxonomies, metadata, and content objects.
Just saw that cupcakes were on sale at the East Side Bakehouse--buy one get one free!! Offer good for the rest of the evening.... Plz rt
Have you beaten Abyss yet? xD
me too :) have to lol
is the Shit, so you should go follow him right now.
Yay, looking forward to it! :)
open open OPEN!!1
You're always invited to naked time :-)
Idc if he's washed up, he's solely responsible for me becoming a Magic fan.
thank you for the warm welcome!
have you heard Tori Kelly's cover of it ? If not listen to it now!!
Yeah I'm crazy... Do you have a problem with that???
Use this coupon for $39.99; full discount off 97 min Battle of Atlanta Video; go to www.xwarrior.tv; use coupon at checkout! Enjoy
Arf, arf! I love you blog post and am so glad you visited me at the Highpaw!
Robbie Greenberg, ASC just entered the greeted by several fans. His session starts 11!
Morning has started slow but it is now time to kick into high gear! Gotta finish school and cleaning before skating. Wish me luck!
How ask to prom.
It's official: Tiger can't make those six-footers when it counts. He keeps missing right. "Blocking my putts." Got that right. He's done.
fucking text me D;
I love (genuinely) being told by my boss that I NEED to take a vacation.....SOON.
Seeking an Information Specialist in Maryland with pharmaceutical experience! Contact me for details.
me too. even if i dont want to
AP Clit down. Only AP Gov left then for with school
Found out yesterday that there were tunnels under Texas Tech. Is anyone else feeling a District 13 vibe??
Marie Howe tonight! #SAL Come say hi to the at the #PNW table
Love Positive Vibes! Thanks!
<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AC> Dolphins banging monkeys. It's funny because it could never happen!
Over and over… over and over…
we do indeed have them in stock.
We went and saw The Avengers this afternoon. Not too crowded, and oh, man, it was an awesome movie. Might take P to see it on Sunday.
haha okay good, but what does that supposed to mean? The hokey pokey thing, i see it everywhere and i don't get it
what kind of mistress are you.maam
So many pros up in there and they all humble it's a trip though! Tomorrow hopefully double class it!
NO BOB, I WILL NOT TAKE YOU DRINKING.
I think it's time to make amends... You were perfect in every way. I feel so stupid for not realizing that.
<U+270A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><U+270A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> Indian burn !!! Those bitches hurt .. & I'm glad I got mine back too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> now let's shove some cock in those bitches <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
how do I know if someone's protected their Tweets? Never imagined people would do that.
The frequent fliers who flew too much - Los Angeles Times
The perfection of art is to conceal art. ~Marcus Fabius Quintilian
Anyone have a recommendation for an ipod touch app for recording with the built in mic?
I'm going to start keeping everything to myself because in reality, no one gives a damn
Too hot to be cool
If you think the phrase is spelled "dire straights" then your spelling bee career is actually in "dire straits"
For some reason being stuck in nasty traffic is much easier with Barry White in the speakers. Gotta love KEXP.
I refuse to stay in the house
Glad it went well. Thinking about dropping by Megan's presentation tomorrow morning. Are you going to be there?
Waiting patiently for the premiere of the video for #Payphone The highlight of an otherwise crappy day!
Yo and follow back son!
Where were the Catholic Leaders when Healthcare was passing...Oh. they supported the mandate AKA Social Justice. How you like it now?
forever alone. bj k.
RIP Maurice Sendack. Like this post if you or your kids read "Where the Wild Things Are".
I know! We could do it! It would be so good, we would win an emmy or somethng!
Hahaha...you guys should read "mischievous mellark moments" it's a hunger games parody.Peeta and Katniss have naughty children...literally
people are so immature, & there calling other people immature. haha it just makes me laugh because i think a lot of other people would agree
#PHATTUESDAY, Party 2nite , Doors open at 9pm till 3am, Drink specials, New DJ's, Special Guest Bartender 2nite, Come party here
No problem <3
why? what's wrong with your teacher?
Good Wednesday morning, Twitterverse! And Happy New Comic Book Day! I hope your favorite issue is waiting at the comic book store!
nothing I just got home from school, wbu?
listening to the song "Strip" by Chris Brown and Kevin McCall i luv this song
Good! RT I have now spent two nights watching other authors talk about their books. Time to redraft my new one like a beast!
So far the Hunger Games hasn't even MENTIONED pizza.
Big day today!
haha! That was so cute :p
I'm eating Pizza too(:
Friends and family: an hour of Airplane Mode a day while I'm at the gym is all I request. No need to panic.
I need to join a 12 step program for them lol
you never told me what you were gonna tell me with the sem talk thing! Tell me tomorrow?!
I feel like little boy in 3rd grade & todays my birthday - It's all about me - I really have over 1K followers. #REALLYTHOUGH It took 4Eva
Really, Brewers? A toll free hotline? I deserve so much more than that. What is this, 1993?
I think he's gone...
Put out the fire but don't look past my shoulder #whosaidthat?
Haha, I wish ;) Today will be relaxing, but also a day to catch up.
Dang #touch really made me think about life. March 19 till the next episode though?
Off to a screening of Bag It at Bowie City Hall, sponsored by ! Starts at 7--join us!
Yo how's Idaho this time of year......?
love me some Sheryl Underwood..she's so funny..also love some Eddie Levert
Kinda depends on how tomorrow goes down... have about a million balls in the air right now... :)
On my way to a gig
HE'S MINE “: = perfection.”
I wish I was watching this #Reds-#Cardinals game instead of sitting in class. Maybe it'll go to extras so I can get home before the end.
My dog is only interested in food then I think to myself that's mostly all I'm interested in as well I guess he's ok
Sleeping in tomorrow and just relaxing.
Don't forget that after connecting to the wifi you still need to open a browser and login before your connection will work at
and it doesn't hold a charge, and it crashes and the sprint person was useless. And the phone I want is 1penny on Amazon.
Need to make this Mac run now! If ion get snob today Imma go Craz<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
you must not know me Bc u just figured that out.
That is very interesting. Can you elaborate?
I appreciate it, nice to be back as well.
Hey Cody! You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!
Memorial day weekend. Get ur reservations in now! We are starting to book up!
RT : Men who are in earnest are not afraid of consequences. -- Marcus
I never knew eating seafood fettuccine was so fun! I haven't used this many utensils since I met that backpacker in Poland!
I wrote 1 1/2 of the 3 mandatory essays & still passed. Ha I truly wouldn't stress it. I miss you and your fabulous grammar.
That's it.? OK.
I swear one day I'll be making millions touring. But for now, I wanna sit and relax. I had a long day of twitter and facebook.
I want this more than anything in the world, and I don't understand why I can't have it
Not funny at all:/
Agreed, very cool!
I don't make up words. I am literarally integrous.
Thx for the report
there's something fishy about that place.
Hey Janice, thanks for following! Following you back and looking forward to 2012!
My guess is he won't. Way too cautious.
Tomorrow is 's birthday!!!!!! The big 2!
Thanks for the follow!
#CNN: Facebook prices IPO at $38 a share, raising $16 billion in the third-largest IPO in U.S. history.
Where is the fun in that?
Some of these degree names and certificates are so long they're applauding the debate team readers.
good luck :)
why don't you just come anyway and sneak in the back ;)
thought u would like this... $1 Burgers Tuesdays, $1 bottles Wednesdays; All at Bar Louie! Now open at Crocker Park!
Birthday dinner tonight for ! Can't wait to see you and drinking on the train.
I like square butts
Camp! " coming to idea? to camp? miss u too!
Well, if that is the case,, then I suppose my next part goes up on Wednesday.
Happy hour starts in ten min!!
Thanks for the RTs & tweets yesterday
thank u *big hugs*
Brewers win!!!!
Who's excited to see J.Lo perform?
wow, the heat activated Dampier......stop it!
Spent most of today remembering, and imagining how I might apologize to my mother for being such an idiot in my teens.
Oh Yes.. i just read #linkedIn to acquier #slideshare.. CRAZY
Semin with a wrister RT So we have OT in #Game5 between the #Rangers and #Caps , tied 2-2. Lets hear your game winner ?
yeah and you don't think Hartman does the same, that's what you're saying?
after how many times? xD lol
Tiffany did tear it up at let's dance!!
haha thank you! :)
I meant chids.....
RAM DISK is not an installation procedure!
What are your plans?
this is crazy. Fucking three point game again. Smh
I get to run through a burning building today and sport my fire jacket given to me by my Dad's fire station in L.A.! So excited.
Jus edited mi profile
RT : See! 6 people want Good Eats back. Now I'm depressed...turning off computer.
I wonder why when a teacher has a soda its always DIET SODA is that like a law or something that teachers can only have DIET SODA?
All my friends started their summer break already! and mine isn't til July. And it's only a week. fuck this, I'm on break too~
Got this done today... Now I have time to do some reading...
Tons of giveaways this afternoon...The Wombats big room passes, Wilco tixs, 2 Santigold new album download codes, & VHS or Beta tixs.
When I think Daytona 500, I think and lip synching.
me too... me too intek. yakoke. chi pisa lachike. by the way, your writing, so good... hope you tweeted it too...
At the strip club
If you're not involved with Big Brothers Big Sisters, and you've got extra time, you should be! Off to go see my "little sister" today! :)
One of the few authentic Southern Italian rest's in LA!
Trying Ravish on Eastlake next Tuesday! I can't wait!
LOL I don't think the 405 traffic can grow on anyone really. No I just decided it wasn't the right time to leave yet.
I wonder if I should put naughty photos on the screen. What do ya think?
Eli just took a hit!!!
dude did u straighten ur hair this morning ? cuz ur hair straightener is still plugged in
Thank you, George!
5 Ways to Use Social Media to Find B2B Influencers
!!!": chasing dreams i believe in."
612 Foodos - thinking lamb chops for the holidays. any suggestions for a (non-traditional) recipe?
Thanks! It was a phenomenal weekend! Details will certainly follow.
A-Rod is on fire.
That video makes lots of us get things in our eyes. I couldn't talk for a while afterwords. Very powerful.
I'M IN YOUR AREA!
Going home can't take the smell
10 years ago, I missed Adams conducting Ives' 3 Places b/c I was late. Finally got to see it!
On April 18, 1890 NY Emigration board turned over its authority to the United States Commissioner, thus ending Castle Gardens tenure as...
Hi Matt. Glad your following me..looking forward to chatting
obsessed with the show flashpoint
My love is growing for you every second. <3
love the hair!
Let's Go !! Party at my house!! Woohoo!! We got this!!! !!
My pleasure!
ranger tickets are 500 each
Mafuckas be to bored
Totally forgot today was friday! :o
Reno looks like it is gearing up for a unhinged new year's eve. Robin and I are going to stay off the streets....
Have any weekend openings to shoot?
Buy Turn To You On Itunes Justin deserves #1 for all the work he has done
Ill kill you
RT : Watermain - WB Liberty Rd at Wash. Ave. (N. of I-695) right lane blocked through rush hour-expect delays on MD 26/Liberty Rd.
In Blackjack, 12 will get you a bust card. I'll take a face card (10) on every first hit. So, test your LUCK!!!!
Happy bday barack
Jump on every opportunity to eliminate needless costs, but never stop investing in your business' long-term future. Michael McLaughlin
Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the earth; and from thy face shall I be hid;
danny way and Og De Souza the 2 man skaters that pump me up and make me want to do something great
Just saw Jeremy and Chris in a car but they didn't see me! What!
has to get #bubba right
That opening number's sound was awful
sunburned shoulders, sore legs, soaring spirits after a day of hiking/biking/training...now worktime+boyfriend+Family Guy. :-) perfect day.
College football is 1000% more fun to watch than the NFL. Hard to care about who is going to get their bonus this year...
This kid thinks he's funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
So glad we could connect!
Hi Singers. New 3 week session starts Saturday. 2-4. Let us know if you are going to be there! Sing on!
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own. -Benjamin Disraeli
omg kenny its been forever since we talked!!!!! what happened to you buddy????
Yep, studying is never gonna happen after everything that went down today.
do you like coming to Florida?
Ok, we get it, you love your bf, but there's no need to post 5 statuses about him every hour.
sure. i reported for stealing your pictures :)
ill bring you canes ...... if i could
Kemba Walker goes hard in the paint. He's getting to the line like it's his job. 14-15 from the stripe in the 2nd half.
you know it!
drawn this way as Jessica Rabbit said...or was it... LOL somewhere > is taking victory laps! :)
I've concluded that using aloe vera for sunburns is a clever marketing ploy by its makers. It doesn't do a damn thing.
": Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.-H.Ford"
SO stoked! Venue confirmation for the benefit show on 3/25. More details coming this week. Be prepared for amazingness!!!
We love u!!RT : #FollowFriday this awesomly sick ass band they have sweet music! I love them so much <3
Match your lipstick to create a modern monochromatic look, choose a lipstick or gloss in the same color family-whether pink or peach
There's too much to do to be angry for a long time. I'm leaving that here
Is it so? For how many days, #newborn #baby should be kept there in 36 degree celcius?
I swear if I get my bookcase in order my room should clean itself.
I don't know why not being able to see what you're working on would make you two so fussy.
That sounded gay nah I ain't undercover sweet lol
Big incentive for sharing in an open community is establishing a reputation among peers:
Worker fell into reactor pool at #SanOnofre nuclear plant 01/28. Operator claiming exposure was "not significant".
you are quite attractive o.o :)
: awake and ready for the day lol... what a long one its gonna be.... -.-
Jack of all trades, and master of none. <U+591A><U+82B8><U+306F><U+7121><U+82B8>
I...THINK I'm going to do my homework now.
He's traveled a bit more to see Dave Matthews, but the Pack came first :-)
yes. Until the end of summer (assuming I get into a grad school). Can we please go out now that you're of age!?
looking forward to 2012...
ay yO! anyone follow me!! ill follow back =p
I am reading pages and papers on the topic of modern slang words and the etiology of modern street language.
I wanna get a new pair of sneakers ah
must have know what she was getting herself into & knew who he was inviting & how to control the conv #uppers Thnx
do you have a graphic design portfolio?
I see people use "You asked for it, we listened!" relatively frequently, but I don't know if that qualifies as 'solid.'
I think Teddy tight ass might surprise us this off season. We have to do something on defense & not through the draft
We will give a question, the first person to tweet the answer wins a prize.....Got It!
Don't listen to them. There all just haters and obviously have nothing better to do then bully on the good ones.
wow, flattered... Hope it was something good. -Been way busy, 3 construction projects to complete. Almost done.
#4FamousWords Fifty Shades of Grey <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Apparently four loko makes me say "i'm Carlos Mencia, so suck my dick."
should have won a prize KCA
He has risen!!!! Happy Easter!!!! Had such amazing services at church today, God is SO good! Thanking God for answered prayers! :)
We running a 5 I think, we got our 5 doe! you on klaus squad.
#dontgetmewrong, I love working and keeping busy, but I love lazy days just as much!
kellen Moore to lions man
1974 definition of farm. Lisa Hamilton editorial put into perspective, notes Kirschenmann
Absolutely! And a good morning to YOU!
Thanks for the follow!
if you need me, ill be dressed in AMURICA and #NASCAR at the QUAKERSTATE400
Fat loss tip: never eat carbs by themselves! Always included proteins and fats!
I need running music for impending speed work. Suggestions, friends?
Learn how to leverage your personality and more to land a spotlight in the media
I feel like a Queen in my life... <U+2665>
Looking to do something with your kids that does not involve technology? Sit down and write letters to out of town #family members this...
I feel really good today.
The best of leaders when the job is done, when the task is accomplished, the people will say we have done it ourselves
hey I'm sorry:/ I took a shower then went out to eat and now getting ready for work haha
Guess we spoke too soon! :(
“: WWTSD?” There's nothin stoppin me from goin out with al of your best friends <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Not a good start w Fios internet & not even installed yet! Tech late, all they say is will be here w/i 2hrs. What? 2 more hrs?!
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Inc. Magazine published a new report that the Energy Industry is one of the Top 5 industries to be in for 2010 to 2019! 1-646-397-9817
Thank you for the compliments , I do a lot of commissioned works as well, if you are interested let me know. Mark
Thank god it's Friday<3
Thanks for the birthday wishes fam!
Excited to join 's CSA for the upcoming season. Fresh #organic produce from a local farm. Be a part of your local CSA!
oh technicalities haha, but very true.
:-)HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMA ANITA
You do what ya gotta do & just disappear , anywho getting wild in Orlando tonight with the one and only
nice! The house always wins! I had 7 eight year old girls last night roller skating :-)
*love* the rapport btw the coaches this year on
teenage girls can hold a grudge like nobody's business
Yeah true, I have a feeling is taking this years title #PMOY2012 How do we get to the ceremony?! Ha
I like somebody but I feel wrong for liking them
Don't let any guy break you down..he's not worth your tears..
Jesus is the sweetest name I know....Pastor AC
Understandable-- at least you can teach us "the stare"??
Go Bucks!
I think everyone is trying to figure out why Facebook bought Instagram right now.
I'm all for the sleeping. Even headed to bed early today. :)
almost beach time...almost beach time
I wish I could be at my grandpas with the rest of my family :(
Someone tell me what's fun about cheating on Scramble With Friends??
Does anyone make resolutions for the new year on their birthday? That's what I decided to do as a gift to myself, starting w/ this b'day.
Amare misses the Layup! Go figure!
“: #Dodgers sale agreement filed in court. Purchase price is $1,587,798, with 10% deposit.” Only a million & a half?!
from compliance measures, white women benefitting most from Affirmative Action policies wd be examples
Will you have another redux? If so, I'll definitely come!
The suicide squeeze the best play in the best game. Baseball at its best.
aight I'll do that. Which one is it? Washington?
Practicing today with a very special guest. But first, lots of coffee.
Civil rights icon : "I heard MLK & Rosa Parks on radio & wanted to cause trouble, good trouble, necessary trouble..."
Two Fiddy Tuesday! Polish Beef, and Regular Beef $2.50 today til 3pm. Double Chocolate Brownies
So, only you and and and have the hard choice to make?
Learning about Dewey number building for the first time. Brain hurts.
How could he "handle" anything? he was in florida
nightmares = no fun.
Working on #fashion for Manhattan Cocktail Classic and for our team. What's in for 2012 summer #trends?
Hope everyone enjoyed the event this morning!! Already working on the future...keep watching for details on our August event!
How would YOU feel if your father forgot the name of the love of your life? Plz people, tell me. Shits gonna piss me off if you don't...
Can't wait to see the new season of #robdyrdek 's show. love that guy
Your tweets are like Canada; they're only good for being ignored.
get in the car and drive here! Thursday tradition!
Willing to AI my idols for my survival.
nah I think Brandon has one not sure. Have to ask when he gets back from boring boring
now you know how it feels ;)
Felt great to get out and do some yard work in this beautiful weather! I love #summer activities!
#liestoldontwitter RT : RT : #Confession-I never gave a chick head----->me either!!!!!!!
Where are the barbershops in NYC?
Coat checking tonight, come say hi and check out Xylos, Beacon, and Grimace Federation!
If he did anything to stop it, we'd be socialists... At least he's not the one doing it
“:Nice job #Mets! players using Beastie Boys songs for plate appearances during tonights game" no team did that when Whitney died
Be on the lookout for our new Denim jackets dropping in 2 weeks ! Mention us if your interested !!
i really dont even know, i think it was for talking while he was explaining something about the track
Today in the year 351 Jewish revolt against Gallus breaks out. After his arrival at Antioch, the Jews begin a rebellion in Palestine ~
no no no they gon buy a 40 from the conner store lol
really sick... feeling miserable
is a half day today.
WOOTWOOT-in martin voice
OMG...Understanding prevailing wage workshop tonight, now I'm more confused than ever
Love Rick too! But VMG and NLG, I'll have to pass given that I'll be seeing Scott & Becky. I wish Rick did his own this yr
"geeks are people too" #virtualstories think about story in the context of what they do
Try to check which other boutiques are there in nearby area and know your competitors thoroughly
nothing just taken Pumkin to school
Well i will take that as a compliment Then Thanks<3
Its crazy how music is able to reach places within us that words cannot reach.
If some1 wants to book an artist in your area, having ur profile location set to something cute like "Where the $ @" doesn't help.
Not many industries can someone get away with 'let me see your bra' and no one bats an eye
is he hating on Herbie? For shame.
Books on human body, killer whales. Diagram of a plant cell for a 7th grade project.
Communication and Compromise is so vital to the Human Race.
not me. I despise cold weather! I'll take the heat any day
I have a VERY large collection of photos of I'll sell them to you for a great price.
right now, someone, somewhere, is fucking a monkey
thanks sorry for late response
Figuring out this Twitter crap
focus on school, because it's what your family would want - and it'll help facilitate better work down the road. How's that?
Earlier show than usual tonight, Ill actually get to sleep!
Doing two shows at the same time is exhausting!
I bought a globe yesterday. Am a little surprised at just how much I lurve it.
I'm all for President Obama having an enemies list- because the GOP are the people's enemies.
Today is your last day to enter our drawing for a free custom bowling ball. Check out our posting of the rules from March 13th.
#LiesBlackGirlsTell I Jus Wanna Stay Focused On School I Dont Need No BF Rite Now
Worst thing Sabres could do was win tonight, unload salaries and start new in september. Hopefully this doesn't save Darcy.
Did u actually stop following me?
Plan a shred day for your block, call for details. 832-545-3945
I am so busy I missed celebrating my 2 year anniversary of quitting my job and starting The Strategic Peacock. I don't regret it AT ALL!
Good! I think!
The lady at 711 just asked me if it was raining outside. HAHA!
talking about editing Wikipedia as a form of Lit Review
*smiles* hi Chris! Im doing great. We had a good day today.
lol you're a trip
Hey how are you?
Same thing I've been saying.
I have a feeling you're gonna try and make me jealous... I bet its going to work too.../:
Also, I bet somewhere there's a walker that was completely, totally naked when he or she was bitten. Cool, right?
how many post can we hit every night,
Stop looking for love look for.God the rest will fall in place
been slackin' on my tweeting!
Oh my.
lmao that's cute.
Consul General of Trinidad & Tobago throwing huge farewell party for me at official residence. Soka non stop! Entire caribbean represented
The bitch isn't home
hahahahaha eat that shit up and dont speak just do
had a good night went to jeremys graduation and came home with my baby this morning we took a shower together ily jay
#askryan follow me? and hahhaha fave justin bieber song :P
The people on extreme couponing are mentally ill
TR mentors help clients achieve success through accomplishing personal goals
all for cutting capital gains taxes for small businesses. run to the center barry.
Great news about the treasure hunt feedback! If only I could have been there. Always next year, right? :)
what? im confused
awesome that Ur in town !!! I will see you tomorrow !!!
The security is tight there RT : UNMH has more security guards than they do doctors.
I lost a duck to raccoons after they tried 6-years to learn to turn two locks. An eyebolt and a turning lock. My condolences.
you and me both -.-
No Touching!
on-time, within budget projects expected, personal attention and responsiveness now most important to clients
With Nicolette <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> then off to softball <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Smokers, about how many breaks a day do you take? A dozen or so?
Counting down the # of work days...thanks to vacation time, 15
new video clips on my website!!
Tools don't kills games, people do. lol
I need to get my ass up and actually do something before it's too late and I have to leave for work.
HOLY FUCKING SHIT JULY 28th 2013 THAT GIVES ME A YEAR TO GET FIT!!!
Someone really wants to buy my timeshare. I get 5 emails from him daily. Hate to tell him I don't got sheet!
My job is laying people off left and right
don't u dare
What even were those documents? None of them were about politics.
Are you entrepeneurial? Become part of ANAE's mission to bring health insurance to Indian
let's kill it
i open up my twitter..and people are still arguing over sumthing i said 5 hours ago..i have a short attention span..remind me what i said
Just had to yell out "Whose tub of vasoline?!"
U think your Special? Well, WAKE UP...you aint SPECIAL, in fact, the entire globe is against you, they want to see you fail. Stop Dreaming!
definitely, thanks for having me! shoot me that link when you get it up also.
GOOD MORNING I AM GOING TO CAMP SO IF U RIHGT BAC I LOVE U AND PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ?
Unreal Game.
We look forward to seeing you at the ADDY Awards.
The all important Jerry Clower vote. RT : I hope the MS race is decided by Yazoo County. I like saying Yazoo.
ticket for what? so many shows coming up!!!
thanks...sorry for the delayed response lol
Amen! I kind of just want to pack up and go!!
All this is uncalled for!
Something about Nicki's 'VaVaVoom' reminds me of Gaga's 'Just Dance'. Weird.
Follow us WE are already following you all
yeah i have a thing for girls with accents too lol
so disappointed you didnt win ff :(
sad panda
UW v Virginia, Bo v Bennett, I think will like that game!
no. But it was interesting. Ask
i wish i could be a copy-editor for the internet.
PNO this Saturday at Swift Creek and Sweetheart Dance at Mechanicsville! Have some Valentine's Fun!
nothin but love now VOTE Elizabeth Warren.
Introducing special discounted rates and priority service for our followers. Contact Ronnie for more info @ 847.655.2559
awesome! :3 you followed back fast!! :D
As you are shaping your story, think of some kind of twist. For example: Dog bites man. Who care? Man bites dog. Lead story.
I think we need to show how effective natural reinforcement can be to avoid over reliance on tangible reinforcers
Next up-- immigration and education
he's changed so much! Hasn't he?
i'll text you later... loves ya
what's with these random columns showing up in tweetdeck that i never searched for????
“: where's the cute guy in this class?? Lol” 3 ppl up same row as you lol
packing is the worst part of moving out of school
Terrific piece! Thanks for the shout out and a great article.
Had the scariest dream about Los... Thank god it was a dream
hey girl how are u?
U got to seconds. To get the Fuck offa me u hoe.
I admire your dedication.
Hey Babe! Still looking for an olderman, who has early stages of dementia. I posted this a few weeks ago.
I'm about halfway through business school and still haven't learned how to be an undercover boss.
Hi Ashlynn - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
I like Ryan Braun but that's not my biggest issue..I thought baseball had finally moved on from this..
Anybody wanna fish after school? ?
why ? its little fun sign up
Ah, the inevitable cross reference blues.
I'm Soo bored does wanna talk!!
u out of skool for da summer?
Watching Phineas & Ferb with the little one. Love this cartoon
People only reply to subtweets now. You @ them & you get crickets back. Fuck you too then.
Chuck Brown - People Make The World Go Round
i'm a Stew too lol fan for overt 20 yrs!!
it's called jerry now, omgz ur such a bad fan lyke
believe it
old news
And I have zero appetite. Great.
thanks ashley Loveya2
RPLA sorted food for the ! What did you do for #MLKday?
she made me delete it :(
diamonds are forever
We totally hit a mountain lion
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
men and women didn't drink together until prohibition. Interesting. #prohibition on
I've never sent an Easter card. Not sure I've ever received one, either.
I told my bf "night" instead of "bye" wtfffffffff is wrong with me
Oh yeah I have school tomorrow. Shittttt.
Going to babysitt Mih little cousin ... Be back later on tonight
What is black and white and read all over? Twitter
Inside stanky butt psychology (dick in the booty ah) this teacher walk funny af
haha, I came across her starships video and had to say it.. Haha
Teardrops playing at cascada! I love this song! So blissful.
Great Queens Cup, had a ton of fun did pretty well and happy to be home. (via )
Well, my pick Justin Rose () tied for eighth. Not bad. Saturday finish ended his chance to win.
I think and I should add on our fav 5 phone plan.
"I always keep one bottle of salsa in the chamber." — , said in the style of Omar Little.
Foaming bath salts will be on sale by Mid-week so remember to check your emails you check back here to get the coupon code.
“: I'm divorcing and putting her child support.. Hmph” I'm sorry BM I'm trying to recover..
Wise people make their own decisions, Stupid people follow public opinions.
TF' wat in the world ??? where u at
I had the priviledge of doing a ridealong with LASD in WeHo tonight. More respect for these men and women than anyone
AVENGERS nuff said
When I am completely knocked out in broadcasting>>
Are you interested in attaching your name to your own clothing line? I have put together a line designed for women with curves
lmao im bored as hell lol
Today's wonder relationship word is LAUGH
Don't forget to turn it out for our tomorrow!
Keep rockin' my friend. Our best to Meta from Chicago.
I need a massage!
How many apples are in one apple seed?
will this be on iTunes?
Revising while on lunch, my bromide.
How is it that a football player named Brian Anger is a punter, perhaps the least angry position on the field?
Snakes. Why'd it have to be snakes?
SmallBizLady A6b) Think about blogging as attraction marketing. Traditional selling is dead, now lead with your best content.
If you follow me on twitter, you should definitely follow me on instagram -------------> Dingle_Berry_69
But you're here now, and I'm hiding your passport.
Really amazing night! Thank you for coming out to support ARNO! We will be donating almost $1000. THANK YOU!!!!!
That's me! Thanks for the links, will check these out!
: ) very glad to be back.
Thanks for taking time to 'like'! Look frwd to hearing more about ur business~
“: Our specials tonight at Penthouse. Bottles of Absolute $125 lemon drop shots $4 .... COME ON!”
Getting ready to go to the San Diego Mayoral forum tonight on nonprofit issues. Should be interesting. Anyone else going?
happy birthday izzy!! Miss and love you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> have a good day :)
Indy sales pros: average increase in sales for our grads is 30%. Session 1 next Monday is free, and I'll buy you lunch after. DM me.
someone has to have an income!
lol ok ok I'm done...
ah dont u hate it wen ur parents make u doo a whole bunch of stuff jus before u doo sumtin u really wanna doo but they the one who did it
A shortcut to mushrooms
I hate Creighton.
Finally some stage time tonight :-)
ACC Championship Game just in a few hours Go Noles!
hahaha!!! Thats a Classic photo of Freddy
We just got some new *Atmos Converter*
Merry Christmas Friends!!
thanks for the add.
RT: : In one week, join us in a Twitter chat on Bullying Prevention w/ a panel of experts. Tues. 3/20 @ 3pm ET.
RT : How's your shoulder doing? 1 word: PAIN. Ha Its ok, really painful, but I'm dealin. Hows ur last. SF wk?
DUH!! I've been telling EVERYONE I see!
How dare you have personal principles?! Dance, clown, dance! (P.S. I love you so much right now.)
Pizza Today: For just $12.00, BBQ Smoked Chicken with Red Onions and Jalapeños pizza and get free toasted ravs if you mention this tweet.
Zac McFadden is playing some killer tunes. Very much recommend checking out his myspace. Although I didn't know that site still worked. Haha
THAT GIRL.
that's awesome! Are you a fitness professional?
I'm not tech smart enough to figure out how to retweet but go to thisishowwechangetheworld.com AMAZING Story
i could go for a grande white mocha cookie crumble frap with chocolate whipped cream
There's the Big Baby us #celtics fans once knew. Always finds the space between the clouds. Quad-teamed, still puts it in. #magic Tied again
We are giving away 500 I am Treyvon Martin hoodies tonight in Baltimore area stay tuned.
thanks guys… you're the best!
Every One Plz Follow My Girl —>
This weeks special, order 100+ garments and get an added ink color FREE! Offer expires 4/8. Mention twitter to receive the discount.
If a Cowboys fan makes a comment about me being a Packers fan loud enough for the entire plane to hear, is he flirting with me?
I really hope #BenAffleck saves us from this aircraft carrier sized rock that's hurtling towards us :\
The SF mayor is in the house! (and he made a funny!)
Truth. You could call it This Mutha's Life or My Mother Flipping Life or Who Just Shat on my Chenile or Shits and Giggles
LOLOL! Austin thinks your not normal! lololol! HE LOVES IT
Haha, I figured those couple beans jumped out 'cause they were as excited as me!
Proposal on shutting down websites and throwing data away in a large pyre
Keep it coming:) RT good meeting u yesterday! Hope the rest of ur day was fun. back at again, haha. ;)
The library will be closed this Mon., President's Day, Feb. 20. Stop by this week & grab U.S. history books from our special display!
Anyone else get annoyed at the sound of a big dog lapping water? UGH! Drives me insane. #GoldenRetrievers are so cute...but...the lapping!
<--i still have chills from that! made my heart happy
And I'm anti-diet, too (because of how they DON'T WORK... just sayin')
3TV morning show with going live at 9.40am foe Spring Training kickoff party Saturday night
go to class for a hour, come back #SportingKC has a new forward. Good luck Jacob from the James Gang
instead of going out, i'm going to the grocery store to buy apples. and frozen yogurt. and i'm completely ok with this decision. :)
Oxy Mo: Boxing Ring
Please tell me you didn't even watch a minute of New Orleans / San Fran last night? One of the best games I've ever seen..
great! haha school's a nuisance lol but other than that great! seen any new movies lately? haha
Leaving work, off to the gym.~~~Stay positive, prayer changes things.
this isn't wheel of fortune...
Oh i just love getting up at 6 30 to go to chicago...
Apple has $100 billion in cash, why don't they do something inspiring, like mount a manned mission to Mars?
Working out #LAfitness <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
looking forward to it!
Nun being me
I spy a genre classification. So in addition to or instead of?.
Off to school
I'm writing a fanfic! RT to be Liam' cousin!
so much fun has happened already!!! See ya soon!
that's awesome! We really appreciate the support!
Goodnight and love you both! <3
Let's do Intelligencia. THursday is good. 3? I also work for myself or as I affectionately like to say I"m a DWaJ" (Derelict Without a Job)
To everyone who has already met the New Year and for those who are still waiting to do so, I wish everyone only the best in 2012!
8 am call time in NYC. I'd never move there again but good lord I'd love to be loaded and have a 2nd residence there.
Love the uber-geekiness of 2day's google doodle. Enjoy idea of super tech nerd lobbying passionately 4 his fav physicist in doodle meetings.
Bow Bow Bow
you are right on here! Also McDaniel's wasn't even coaching Denver this season.
i just sent it
Yes you are(:
#FF Fun for kids and adults!
thank you lady xoxoxo
how many law profs have killed Bin Laden?! #bringthefearDems!
That Awkward moment when teacher Cracks a joke and Nobody Laughs .*That bitch stupid *
Our focus today is #technology and #music. We'll be singing, dancing, and creating music videos!
This weather!
shake that ass for this Wi-Fi.
someone finally gets mee.
Four more
damn bro why you gotta do that to me
Playing "bullshit" in english (:
I dare you! ": I might be bold #NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead .... I could make history lol"
Yeah, SF! Though I imagine Davis will be awesome (my alma mater).
did u create ur altar?
the superstars personal flack, is at it again trying to get his client, Dwight Howard, to a big market
Group projects: where only you do the work out of three people
haha thanks man! ;-)
Catching up on Veep. Awesome show.
Viva la France. Not since Mitterand has there been a socialist Prez. Sarkozy will have to eat cake.
Sounds interesting. Who should I contact?
#GottaLovehaters that dont' even know you!
Arapahoe and Holly stuck vehicle in the road.
What's in my pants is highly addictive and will rot your teeth.
you know it! dangerously tasty-- and great to have you all there!
Full Beerhoptaculariciousness, T-minus 25 hours, 6 minutes and counting...!
I just love a hot shower though it's makes your skin. dry as July....
smile :D
I'm already knowin
Thanks for stopping by! What a great day for tea al fresco.
Research in developmental education is not automatically enlightened just because it's about developmental education. Adams at
Shims, I would but I'm heading home for the weekend! I can't even meet everyone at Nordies! :( See when when I get back!
i never cared
Started playing softball yesterday in Greater Madison Senior Softball League. Feeling sore today but happy to be playing on a team again.
Y are there so many bitch ass niggas in the world can sum body tell me were the real niggas at
that's great. I will be there this year! Good luck!
pretty soon oregons gonna sport clear helmets
one per model
Building the playlist for tomorrow's #tailgate at the #HuntRaces. It's a mix in every way...
I'm excited for #thehungergames. My money's on Angelina Jolie
Dinner with my family! :) I love moments like this! I love my family! xoxo #BestMomentsInLife!
True story RT : Peggy = the new Don, but more awesome.
I love people who say they are fashion writers and know nothing about fashion *insert sarcasm*
My interpretation was Noah got drunk and Canaan raped him.
I added your banner. I should have done that regardless. No worries about $.
Sometimes you just have to give up, and that's okay. It's alright to realize that you can't save everything and everyone.
Word of advice for everyone don't watch the sneak peak of Goodbye in public.!! Your going to look like a crazy fool crying your eyes out!
RT ": id like an IV of diet pepsi from the fountain hooked up to me please."
thanks for the follow! Enjoy your week!
Not too short for work. Adorable! Have you been submitting these to ? They'd appreciate it.
Imma hit yo line when I get out there
in two weeks??
#favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy.. when hes singing for his dad in elf and hes like "love u love u LOVE U!" hahaa
SFO-Louisville redeye to engineering edu conference. Missed Gin Blossoms show (free!) there and since being told, Allison Rd stuck in head.
You're so annoying
wonder if he's gonna make me cum tonight...
that's why I got the 4S on Sprint. May not be better than Verizon, but easily beats AT&T. And unlimited data.
My next tweet...
Guess it's time to add the word Nexenta to my phone's custom dictionary
#irallstars I really hope that Gilman-Ramirez professor-librarian role play was recorded...
thanks for follow. happy friday!
Kim we we gonna hook up a again, I had a blast
We at ShureFire Records are proud to announce we are now official on Beatport! Big things coming!
#wcatl slow start this morning - probably due to the weather
Hahaahaa, OMG I didn't mean it Like That !!
oh, sounds not good ;(
This is probably the only time I'll ever use a Star Trek phrase...but when it comes to Lego batcave, Resistance is futile. Lol
Jered Weaver tosses the 2nd no-hitter of the 2012 season. Too bad the Halos still suck
85% of plane European emissionrights are still free.
RT: : I Just Love It Because My Baby Is In It <3
..~Action Is The Foundational Key To All Success~.. Pablo Picasso
serious question... If u had to replace one player on skc with a RSL player... Who would it be?
#52CardPickup THE LAST 10 TIX TO OUR GRAND OPENING are being GIVEN AWAY NOW! Come from 5-7pm to the Red Rabbit for your VIP tix.
Utterly fascinating. Kim Dotcom is like a modern-age Chicago gangster… fat, belligerent, cocky, and peddling the in-demand illegal goods …
Oh the stuff that we should be accomplishing for the magazine....Yet we're not.
I'm in your neighborhood!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I think they figured it out. Go Horns!
look forward to meeting you at the finals! :)
Had great client meeting today... off to start the branding and marketing!
night beautiful ;)": night night kayy ^.^"
hahahahahahaha u guys used to mock me every practice last year about softball so I need to retaliate somehow lmao
the whole world can feel small sometimes =/
Yey for the new site is beautiful! Also happy to see some BU CDIA love on there. We're happy to set up meetings with Tucker ASAP.
Who gives a lemur's ass if you like wrestling? Don't get hurt when someone doesn't understand your fetish.
i know you are lindsay lmao
I pass it around counter-clock 'cause I'm fucking odd.
These homeless individuals are required to leave the homeless shelter daily.....
Dworkin: instead of music as organized sound, music may be defined as is organized listening.
i hate my family
ohh yea. i did 2! i almost went but the tix were 80 and with the trip i didnt rli have the money =/
HOT Yoga? The beautiful girls have permanent makeup!
Great piece, thanks for sharing! Hope all is well with you. ; )
watched it last night, AMAZEBALLZ
I can't remember this math problem but I can remember your number
Late with this because I haven't been on facebook all weekend but thank you all for the birthday wishes and especialy to those who came out!
RT : Todd Rundgren is playing at Old Chicago -- can't decide if I start the ugly cry or get excited for next season.
LOVE late-night grocery shopping. Think it started in college with me. Wouldn't go to the grocery store anytime before 11pm.
Now I'm laughing. I'm thinking about what she said to him. "Um, we need to talk..."
time change sucks. You getting the hang of this thing?
The internet and social media appear to be able to topple governments, so I am not sure why folks are surprised they topple business models.
Is it Saturday yet?
#music gets a little bit richer when you listen to
well well well...look who's back in business!!!
Caribbean Airlines suffers 1st crash. My Q is why didnt the emg slide deploy? Lord pls keep my papa safe this evening.
word up, man. Health to you. And positive vibrations. Bless!
HAPPY HOUR TONIGHT @ LOCA LUNA! JOIN US. Fellow Greeks and friends from 6pm-10pm. [550-C Amsterdam Ave NE]
Studies have shown that students of all art disciplines outperformed their non-art peers by 91 points on the SAT in 2009. Go get artsy!
at home I'm guessing cuz I have the car at work
I miss my Texas boys , these Philly niggas are extra bummy .
Planning a Midwest tour....where would you like to see the Nue Jazz Project perform this coming fall/winter?
And much of the time, they'll be right.
running March 15th-April 1st at Theatre 54 At Shetler Studios! Let us know if you're back in town, be so great to have you!
I have wanted one here for years, but no luck. Sorry about the timing though.
RT : Helton going opposite-field. That was the vintage Helton circa 2002.
that new track is hot!!! keep pushing... hit me when you get a chance.
And I did a segment for Ch 7! Woot! (well, I hope they don't use that, I look terrible on camera). Nice thought.
lol oh ok. i get it.. at first i was like, what????
Salaam Alaikum! I'm praying for your beloved mother and your family.
- what? now what now? Waddidimiss?? wad dey do to Sade? She in jail or what! lol.... jus' kidding! ;)
no my son goes there, aka The Boy. Lol had to have him there at 5 for his trip.
“: #RARE the album is looking to be something of epic importance to the world ... It's special to me.” def looking forward
A on my informative speech
doesn't impact it at all. Tiger is still the gretest champion of our era and his sexual exploits will never effect that!
Hahaha, I just realized that too. Will it be as much fun without roadies this year?
Ima need some drank and some juice..
indeed! but totally worth it!
That's Adorable.
Oh.... get me to the Label 7 patio!
I like fun too, but driving to OC isn't -that- fun... but thanks for the invite #usopenofsurfing !!
what you doing
Your son, Peter, wow'd us today as our ROAR guide! Pls come to our benefit @ UCRec Ctr this Sunday 2-5. Tix will be at check in!
IU basketball team at runcible spoon omg best lunch experience ever <U+E022><U+E022><U+E022>
Don't let the salvation ship sail without you - climb on board now!
#14324 Omg I love your account, I dont know how I never noticed you! 10! love ur icon btw.
It doesn't matter what temperature the room is. It's always room-temperature.
So tired of this bitch.
What has been your most memorable souvenir from your trips to Anna Maria Island?
Yezzurr the good ol air max 95's. I love the original neon green pair
Really she has the nerve to hurt him like that well you know what he has me I ain't gonna let some dirty ass hoe ruin his life #fuku!! Nite
will do the next time I'm in Madrid. Love your city!
buy one for us when we get back!!!
Individuals: We're all in this together!
Just wrapped a podcast with for on bus
. starts with an introduction of our Speaking of Change series
Don't forget the marketplace. Free admission. Music by Mark Woodyatt 1-3pm and Charles Dickens at 12:15.
I have been busy-too busy! How've you been?
rlly? I don't remember owning it (;
got u family
Que bonitos tazas!!! :D
the sun is shining today. Towels! Balls!
We're new to Old Town! Follow us and come in for some scrumptious self-serve fro yo like no other-:)
says Twitter keeps her focused and gives her perspective. Readers contact her with questions they want her to ask.
Hey I just watched the live chat but my question wasn't answered. Would you consider goin to h.s. to share your experiences?
I'm great. Sorry I sleep a lot! Lol
Best wishes to all who are participating in #International Festival of #Cultures & Cuisines today. #Enjoy!
I would have wrapped them in Xmas cellophane but it is harder to find than true love in this city. I just wanted the former.
Go see them C'ville, great band RT : On the road to charlottesville! WE'RE BACK!
a sight both beautiful & sad at once. Beautiful we have support like that. Sad we were provoked to do it. Thx 4 sharing!
Hospitals r u fun
La la la la la LA la la la that's all I hear my teachers saying in class
Ass and boobs lmao
Thanks for coming to support, !
I follow someone whose latest Facebook post added that's he with, among other people, G. Gordon Liddy. HE'S on Facebook?!
VegaFina Churchill #cigar then off to bed.
Magic Johnson, meet Sandy Koufax!
When Kaya Henderson arrived, only 8% of DCPS 8th graders were reading at grade level...and 98% of teachers were rated "above expectations."
Tied game FML
Good morning Margie. How is your week going?
happy 21!! You da best :) have fun!!
A FIVE pointed Cockatoo! If everyone on Facebook gave 5 bucks, the Kickstarter Campaign will be complete! Or, if you want, donate 50...
Are you on Foursquare? This month, get a FREE appetizer when you check in with 2 or more friends.
Flordia Tomorrow . Goiin To Disney World & Orlando :)
sorry, no. It is epic.
isn't it wonderful 2 have reasons to celebrate our #Jewish history?
Did you hear the good news?!
marks 20 years of service from BOS. Text 4KIDS to 20222 to give $5 to and will match it!
"High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation."
When you realize he's an air sign and not a water sign.
Antonio Banderas as Picasso?! Oh LORD I can't wait! And gorgeous as always!
All I know is y'all bitches better do a #FF for me!
There will be folks! We have a Facebook group for people to RSVP if they'd like, but not required
Thanks for following me man
Ben is awfully inaccurate tonight. He'll heat up later, so Denver better build up a lead
i loved and i lost..
Huuh Today imma just walk around my block ! But its so hot . and i feel like i am getting sick too . i got a bad headache ! ugh
Guess it's taco tuesday @ Las Hadas for the countdown to my birthday! Who's down for some tequila? ;)
Apologies, man. Haven't forgotten about you. Just loaded up. Thanks for the
I will try to make that as apparent as possible. 4 thousand dollar software! That type of software isnt on bit torrents for the most part..
jell-o shot goin down rite now
#PAMA LunchNLearn Frank Consoli -Focus groups remember incorrectly - need to combine other research methods and data to put it into context
If you unfollow me because I dont like 1D then thats your lose. I really dont care, Im not a fan of them,but that's no reason to unfollow me
Its true!!!! Ok watch in a couple years hes gonna be like "HERE I AM BITCHES" nd ill just laugh nd be like i told yall niggas!!
Eating soup on the couch, sick, and look at the fucks I give today:
U a light weight RT : im done with my late night munchies..my weight limit is 125
At Code year meetup at #alamw12, will there be a prize for funniest sleep-deprivation-induced syntax error? Come and see!
So many good lines from that ep :) That was one of the best.
: Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. Conrad Hilton
YOU"RE WELCOME! RT : Thank's for the kind words!
REM is not breaking up. They're just finally hitting that deeper level of sleep
I want one, lol!!!
Where did freshman year go?
Stay on twitter ha
Holy smokes
i'm on my way.
So excited for Moranda Lambert tonight!
Baron's free lock of the week -- bet the HOUSE on UNC
Couldn't be. I wouldn't have said something that was grammatically incorrect.
thanks for the follow. Check out www.madmoneycouponbook.com
Can we get a pic of the new beer cellar?!
NP Drake stay scheming
The girl with a future avoids a man with a past
Bill did get killed.
- Good luck on the presentation!
..U SURE LOOK LIKE A STAR TO ME!!!!
Easter with the family and boyfriend (:
You're Welcome :] so what's up? <U+2665>
Oh lord yes....you just wait. We were all so hammered last night. Hit up 3 parties last night haha
My Mom is now engaged<3
TELL EVERYBODY YOU KNOW TO VOTE FOR US....atleast 50 ppl...
Baby boy is here 7lbs 21in long born sept 29 at 230pm mom and son doing gr8 dad ok 2 more soon hugs 2 all
oh man. Can't wait! Have to wait till it hits Hulu at midnight now.
: The ladies cats may have found their way inside? Crafty buggers.
Good stop
Got up an hour late this morning... I'm in no mood to be in a rush.
All of us think Zaarly is great and very useful. Using it already. Need investment? We're interested. Need office?
I will be at the front of the line supporting you! You gotta run!
Monday's are seriously the worst!
Mum: Why can't you go to school? Me: Because it takes away too much time from me fangirling.
oh lucky, Phoenix is awesome! Yeah, COX is pretty good. Thanks for all the advice!
Up early in the am I can sleep when I die
Tonights intermission food topic...Baby Back Ribs or Smoked Brisket?
So.after This lady offered to help our tree search.and we were drivin. She proceeded to ask for a tramp stamp saying $ makes me cum.
Getting caught in the rain while jogging through the woods.
Oh Lover Boy?!... That's right I'm watching 'Dirty Dancing'!! One of my favorite movies & favorite things to do ;) Haha
S/O to Two people stopped me at Trader Joe's today to tell me my hair was "so cute"
The battle is The Lord's!": God will fight evil for you. Victory will come!"
Where have you gone, Joe DiMaggio...oh, you're dead. Okay, that solves that dilemma.
That sounds like a
So. I just heard the carter 4 album. Like 3 days ago. Lol Now these twitter posts make so much more sense :p haha
Good! Skj is 18 today, college apps done, now the waiting. Change is coming & I'm excited! What's new w/ you?
Nehemiah built the walls in 52 days. What can you accomplish in 52 days?
yup! It's right down the street from where I work so we have a yearly creative review on the large screen.
Tell that to Radulov.
'Praycations' a new source for enlightening travel stories - Sydney Morning Herald
My micro prof Thinks he is HILARIOUS
The new seamless switching of resolutions in YouTube is pretty impressive.
Yea, Ima Go
Going well grandfather is doing better, Thanks God. Famiy time always nice.
Congrats and Undefeated team for your big Oscar win! That's freakin' awesome!
RT : Storytelling is a fundamental tool we need to teach our kids.
Solid work Golo!! Keep it up!!
I am with Franchise Tax Board. Email me, if you wish at .gov and maybe I can help. NO PERSONAL...
you are very very welcome :)
Yeah! :D
Keep specificity low: avoid IDs, inline styles, !important, and very complex selectors. -
perfect two by auburn.
need me to move? ;)
I HATE that...smoke smell is the only down side to those!
Music is a part of me, you can't just say music is just another "thing or hobby" without getting a lecture. #JustSayin <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
lol you heard me
yes there are spaces like this in Carlyle, Broome Street, Lafayette & Greenwich Hotel - a suite with 3 people and 2 bedrooms.
Allison!! You're comin to 30 hour famine tomorrow right?
On my way into the city .. It's always and adventure with Kristie.
Hello Twitterverse! It's been awhile. I know I shouldn't have kept you waiting. But I'm here now.
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. -Albert Einstein
Too far on a school night... But pretty soon you guys will live close enough for that to be an option!
Exhibitions held at the AsiaWorld-Expo in Hong Kong increased 25% over 2009 reinforcing the boon in the Pacific Rim.
and to those who want to contact me. The rest, I don't care. You showed what you are to me...nothing.
Lol nice try. But you knew why, right?
Spending a Sunday afternoon in Chicago ... at terminal B in Midway. Kinda April Fool-y?
Lol at the people who are like "why don't you just tag me?" but don't tag the person that didn't tag them #ifthatmadesense?
Go Zags! So excited for college basketball! Yay!
What the heck?
We are on are way with the first annual Tour du 12th. Next stop Broadway & Orleans
I wanna see freestyle to Shot For Me by Drake nextt! Do it
Glad NBC came 2 their senses and brought back #Community! The Thurs lineup should be Community, Parks&Rec, TheOffice & 30Rock forever. :D
Jealous. Those things are awesome.
And totally drinking the HIT koolaid today, while we restructure the gameplan at work. What an awesome adventure this will be!
Rest up dear Britta! Rest your t-shirt lovin' littl' self!
I could count my inner circle on my hands and my feet
why , i didnt go. I been home -__-
Right did you move to Paris that's what I heard
You have time to tweet but dont have time to talk to me . Thats fine you the one losin me
he sensed that and pulled out of the skid.
what do they do?
i miss you too boo. i promise, i'll be back soon <3 okay ?
Just finished watching the season premier of #JerseyShore and makes my life feel sane.
Aceves, please blow this save. I would love nothing more than to see The Red Sox continue to suck.
Watching World's Dirtiest Man on the Science Channel. This is great tv right here.
heading to Digital Hollywood #dh2012 tomorrow AM. Looking forward to social media panel on Thursday. Would love to connect!
my mom said hey..n I got mine today we goin go look 4 shae one
Crown Royal bag full of money *clink clink*
I know u that bitch read my text. Seriously tho
Hey buddy! Long time no talk! I've been really study for a few weeks now. What's new with you?
Don Wood~ Stupid is forever ignorance can be fixed.
#HowToGetREJECTED "Yeah I really like you but I don't have time for a girlfriend right now" Yeah most believable lie.
<U+2764> RT : . has not been getting nearly enough play lately. I forgot how truly amazing this music is.
FA Cup winners. Let's do it again in 2 weeks.
I really hope #oomf doesn't hate me
Ask your pendulum if your pet animal is sick. "Does my pet cat have some medical problems that need to be checked by a veterinarian?"
I called one of my artist friends-she has an IDEA for the 100 Ballet slippers I picked up today
Go digital? (You can order for Kindle or Nook any time w/out the wait)
you are an absolute gem. thank you for the lovely conversations. Do Dinner tomorrow night in London. you around?
Did you guys enjoy??
As a child, Jim Carrey wore tap shoes to bed just in case his parents needed cheering up in the middle of the night.
have fun...love ya...
Green onions make my tongue smell like a 3rd world country.
If you believe than you can achieve
I think Steven Seagal was high during the interview you just had.
According to a Cisco study, 3 out of 5 workers say they don’t need to be in the office to be productive. Which side are you on?
Had a great day got my vocal booth headphones plug-in next is my studio furniture new keyboard and more softwares then im going to be ready
how about #AustinIsOurWorld :)?
New years resolutions: get more promotion FREE at the site on my profile. Make 2012 count! oh ya, follow 4 follow?
We keep getting asked "what is better block?" our answer: "it's an extreme street makeover!" join us tonight 6-9pm, 7th&hudson
jealous I'm not there! Have fun!
Bmore twitterpeeps, I've been gone 5 days and the only news I see is that peas sold out at the Serious?
really? How longs the set?
Any DC folks headed to burning man this year? Wondering if any of ya'll help make up the ~29k orders in front me?
no problem... Thanks for the followback
Morning run with a student. Behavior plan took him from sitting on the computer to running for 30 minutes! Goal:a team 5k this spring.
Eating a huge bowl of icecream rn because i am overwhemled with my bio project.
Have you had 's new cookies? Delish!
Dive in!
have you sought any dry eye treatments ?
would like to get together if possible and soulstorm
Bout to Skype with the boyfriend
sign up your villa on www.villahol.com and start getting bookings
we are in foundation room. Where are you?
Remember to enjoy your day off but don't forget that today is alot more important than we like to think
You had me excited :) I was picturing an editor with ties to RhinoMocks, nHibernate and stuff
Support Live music in Columbus! "Our Latin Thing & N'Klabe" 8pm at Capitol Theatre and salsa dancing at La Fogata after the concert!
Bristol Palin in speaking against gay marriage says children do best when raised in a home with a mother and a father. She doesn't get irony
Still nursing an #Irish #golf hangover. The game should be as pure and the people as friendly everywhere we go. And the Guinness is better.
I'm in Daegu, South Korea - not sure I'm going to try the Itarian
Gonna see tomorow absolutely CANT WAIT!!!!!!! your one of the BEST actors and I<3U SO MUCH JUSTIN PLEASE FOLLOW ME ND RT!
my dream: to suddenly become rich and go to Bamboozle and every day of Warped Tour. simple enough.
Coming to Terms - Carolina Liar
thanks that is so sweet ! xoxo
Thanks to Luther at the info desk at Market East. Left my pass on the train and he got it back. Affable and funny. Deserves a raise.
New Single (Tonight) Pop Music Video Shoot this Saturday at Club Night Moves at 7pm come fuck with me
heh. Duly noted.
yep... We still got sexy exy
Yes, Glenn Beck Has A Brand New Set…As Well As An Exact Replica Of The Oval Office
Me too. Check it out.
It's always interesting when you start watching a new show, then you start seeing actors from it in other shows
so, network bosses who can't stand visual performers---you can simply go back to more shows with singers and watch those ratings dwindle!
Thanks, homies! You are missed in these parts. Loving working w/ & Swing by MKE soon, please.
Sadly I have to work. But I look forward to hearing all about it!
#Love is the best weapon against suffering of ourselves and others. It is the only way to avoid creating negative #karma. #Writing heals.
Good morning! Hope all of you had a safe spring break!
Nobody busts thru traffic and snags seats on crowded trains like not even you
So D Wade misses the lay up nice!!!
I graduated!!!!!!! Thank you for all of your support!
Have combined work, play, and outlet shopping for a fun and satisfying 3 days. Time to go home now. :)
Thank you Mija !! RT : good luck on your exam! Party hard ;) study harder ^_^
Hi Rebecca, we () want to start Tweeting about 2.0 awards. What's the hashtag for the event? Thanks!!
Thanks. Just trying to help out.
thank you for the support! You stay funky now.
2 weeks and im out of here!
when can you come to OC?
or is it No round?
Great Milwaukee Breakfast Club meeting!
i love you as i hate myself.
Had seen barfly years before, but friend lent me Post Office during my most bohemian time and it riled and burned me
Good morning! Yes, indeedy, we'll treat you right! No need for those low balance fees. What ?s can we answer? Thx :-)
Is the next Mark Zuckerberg here in #dc tonight at #entreprelooza?
<U+2640>Life is like a taxi ride. You can go wherever you want & do whatever you want to do, but when the ride is over you're gonna have to pay<U+2640>
I'm back from the zoo! ^-^
you're an actress now?!
Interesting! RT : Just wanted you to know some x-Picnikers are making a replacement
how did i loose my 4 iron
A wise man knows how to give women the credit we deserve. S/O to Professor Moskwa
did you know we have tanning, only $20/ month?
Also, if you need/want a Google+ invite just @ us and we'll hook you up. Learn more about the GSA and keep up to date with all the events
My dad has won $1,300 so far today
well yeah i got it
has the best food in Door County!
It seems laughing at them works also
The new tanks are in, and they are sexier than expected. Who wants one!
Thank You Irene for reposting Daily Brilliant, I hope your enjoying Spring! XO Cindy
everyone has an addiction... mines happens to be you
Make it happen! RT : omg i'm so hungry! i want a cheeseburger from micky... and pizza, preferably monicals. and breadsticks.
Dear Gentle Rain, Don't be shy. We need you.
Dalton Pepper is everywhere....nice hustle
all about it! do you have any sticker packs with that logo avail for purchase?.. the kids we work with would freak
Shocking #FlopCity RT: 6 different Pacers have 2 fouls with 4 min. left in half. Free throw line keeping Heat in game.
: Thanks TK! Would've been happy to do it, but thanks for taking initiative. :)
Do you want your home clean?? and We LoVe YoU TuRKeY FAnS.......... PLEASE COME HERE
Redskins whooped dat a$$
RT : Everyone please congratulate who was told by her doctor there are no signs of cancer left in her body.
why yes i am making coffee @ 11pm! :D
sittin in the lobby of my dorm building about to watch Cop Out
Thanks for the follow, Cheers!
Freeeeezzzzziiinnngggg but having fun!
everyone probably knew you had a sticker on your leg,they were probably pointing &laughing everytime you turned your back xD
Your hair is epic. Just thought I'd say.
no matter what I'm sure it will be great.
That's what I told her.
Wanted: Recruiters in multiple OST offices (Reston, Charlotte, Tampa, Princeton and Los Angeles). Do you know anyone you could recommend?
Watching Jaws for the bazillionieth time
Trey Songz - "Holla If You Need Me"
Yup, he's back on the market...Well, he will be once the divorce is final.
Hear talk about her failures as a kid! Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" Feb 26th, 9pm on
Congrats! I hope you enjoy!
Thanks Laura!! Enjoy our livestream!
So what kind of music does one play for a supermoon?
Tip #212: PARENTS, when it comes to teaching your kids how to have healthy, biblical relationships, LEAD BY EXAMPLE.
Looking forward to hearing about tomorrow.
Thank for the kinds words about our Troy store!
#IDBmtg 44 million Brazilians have joined the middle class in recent years.
And she's more into sports than I am
Fucc still no weed... I need a blunt!!!
Hoping this accessibility talk gets technical
Reading The Help!
Working on vocals with getting them knocked out today... www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
Just remembered why I hate clothes shopping....
- Guarantee I'd only need one guess to figure out which station that was.
Mariani gots his running shoes on!
What the fuck is up with the trending topics lol
#Newhall #earthquake in the #SanFernandoValley was felt at #TheatreWest today. It felt like small waves.
My run cannot be half over!! so stoked feeling positive vibes for tmrw, if a deal can fall thru in a min it can come true in a min!!
Aw They Payin The Refs !
i love your bad bitches as well. especially when we're all in a pile
Sorry I've been away so long fam
Mine and Kevin's 17th anniversary today. I hope he remembers. lol
Hey! It's called One Church International
You got it. We'll post in on all our social media pages when the date is set.
to our show right?
RT : #NeverTellAGirl she can't do something. Odds are she'll prove u wrong & possibly remind you about it over & over again.
Do you blame Axford if the #Brewers lose? I would say if you can't score runs then blame the lack of offense.
yes i can idk either but Lacy prob does
And the rain continues
Good word!
The dogs come and devour the bacon
right on sir, You know what I'm talkin' about!
ME!!!! I listen to it like a million times a day <3!x
chilling. What's good?
they are and it is.
follow me???
Happy Valentines Day
Each time we watch RHOC my husband always jokes and asks where is other 2%?
thanks for the patchwork shout! did you find any things to heart? :)
Thanks. I find as I get older, it gets harder to predict how people will interpret things I say.
boondocks. story of my friends life.
Thanks for all you do promoting the #Roc #Tech #Startups group! Looks like you're responsible for joining
When you sneeze, you're dead for 00.2 seconds.
Big ups to for working his tail off on the editing for the show. We've got a mtg this wk to hopefully help us w the pitch!
If you ever hurt Justin, you better sleep with your eyes OPEN BITCH..
I did call yo ass 3 times But i aint call you in 10 mins cause i had a paper i had to finish and i was gone get distracted
#cnndialogues we can change this if we decide this is important.- #ReneeGlover #poverty or else we will lose the global war!
No one on the corna got swagga like meaw
lmaoooo! I can hear you now lol
Want to improve your network or network security? Contact Lithium Networks
Yikes! That's risky!
Kesha is pretty, get over it.
Today was just a waste.
Enriched! Thanks! (Anyone reading your Tweet right now would probably be curious as to the nature of our conversation on Sat.)
I'm really enjoyin today, why can't everyday be like this one??
I'm 3 feet away from , trying not to look like a stalker.
Finally get to go work out.
RT : Dog Waste Bags _ $50 per Case with FREE SHIPPING!: Dog Waste Bags can cost a fortune and don’t forget about the ......
They whole Lah click be bout Fuckin
ugh YES. I've been listening to them all day.
went to an anechoic chamber in Indy one time. It really is incredibly nauseating to be inside of one. Makes your head spin
what i do on grand theft auto <U+2752> Legit missions <U+2714> fuck shit up, steal cars, and kill bitches.
I lay in bed at night and think of the most perfect situations that will never happen.
RT : We would like to congratulate Chancellor Lovell on his inauguration today!
yeah, kinda blows the 2 years clean driving record part out...
#SAINTS win at home in the MB Dome next year 2013
It sucks when the only person who makes you feel better is also the reason why you always cry...
Cats! Sailors! Favorite things! (I wish I could do that arms out running in a circle for joy thing of yours.)
sure.....anytime!
Bitches love me cause they know that I can rock. xD
Dickens' 'A Christmas Carol' runs Dec. 2-18 at UNLV. Get your tickets now! A perfect holiday gift. 895-ARTS (2787)
I'd give a kidney to anyone who brought me fro yo right now. Anyone. Any of you. A.N.Y... I'm waiting
How does it clash?
RT : can't wait till tomorrow !!!!!! It going to be my first DU game:)
Awesome!! For Sure I'm going to :D
GulfStream expanding due to high demand of their stunning planes. Waiting list now for the Gulfstream 650. New location in Westfield, MA.
your so sexy how could I not
DO U KNOW WHOS TURNING 18 TOMARROW?! Thats right!! JUSTIN BIEBER!!! <3 make sure to wish him a happy birthday!(:
and then my DJ controller malfunctioned/sucked. anyone have any under 500 #recommendations for a novice???
Hi Andy! Ole Smoky is now in Rochester. Ask your local store to call Empire Distributors to order for ya! Shine responsibly!
Man....if I could get Daniel Tosh for 's birthday..
Interesting study on importance of teaching methodology above all else huff.to/kODyV7
Oh yeah :) I 4got bout that :D
: When in the camera app, iOS5 lets you swipe from left to right to quickly view the photo that you just took.
#WayToImpressMe get a triple double in your basketball games and not act cocky about it:D
We were about to watch Never Say Never in spanish class
weird. let me try again.
FREEDOM from crappy projects. So nice to be able to focus on quality code and design.
we'll miss you!
impossible to listen to plays and use in game. Listening to other stuff...strategy, game plan, etc.
Just finished WINE IN THE WILDERNESS. Wasn't sure in the middle, but love what happens at the end.
This will be fun 2watch. Who 2cheer4? An awesome athlete we train or an awesome hubby! Decisions decisions.
Same to you! It was great to hear your thoughts on this crazy world. Definitely looking forward to more ahead!
New Jets' QB Tim Tebow was booed at the Yankees game last night when showed on the jumbotron, even though he was wearing a Yankees hat.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! Omg. I think i just died.
I just made,it
you're barely showing any skin! Don't know what you're talking about girl :o
My show techs tomorrow and the stage is filled with percussion while I am setting lights.
Touch the tweet you want to delete hit the garbage can say yes LoL
I hate waking up b4 my alarm
Bernie Sanders probably does know Victoria's Secret, he is that incredibly epic.
Thanks girl!!!
Wow! What an amazing game!
my name is s'hani and i was wondering if you were going to the atlanta falcons game tomorrow because if you were i wanted to meet u
Happy New Year to our friends in the Asia Pacific region! Have a New Years Rockin Eve, enjoy the #LastDayof2011!
I want some chocolate milk
88 keep up the good work for what u guys doing for dale jr i would like see u guys in person .i had back surgery
You're in luck. You can buy mine! :)
Glad you liked the link Zsolt!
how are u wearing your hair
Just wanted to say thank you all for your support! I'm just a young designer trying to make it..... xoxo
Yo...its poppin in Seattle,Flow Masters,Dap Daniel,yall know what it do,3 more shows to rock! And we back to the BAY! Ya heard me...!!!
GREEK DRESSING RULES.
Welcome back!
: ah I'm skyping with stephen and just said I haven't skyped with you in ever!
its her Glendale Mayoral campaign slogan.
FYI “: w/game winning shot & game saving block! Pokes win over ISU! #okstate young team growing up!”
Wow. Crazy #UNLVMBB comeback. Let's go rebels!
everything about that makes me smile
It's cuz Dolly knows how many ChickfilA milkshakes you're going to be drinking his summer!
Can you help spread the word? We're compiling a memorial book - what were you doing Sept 11? Proceeds will go to charity.
Observe your feelings without attachment. Just remain a watcher on the hill. ~Osho
Brady and the offense got off to a shaky start, but that last drive was as smooth as it gets..
it's a very interactive process. We check in 1-2 times per week depending on our schedule.
"Open up restaurant called Planet Hollywood of the Apes." -Scribbled somewhere in James Franco's diary
Bare legs at work today. In February. 6 hours into work and I still can't get over it.
McRib controversy: The pork supplier’s 'hellish' methods
West Coast - It's 11:11...Make A Wish!!! #Believe and may all your wishes come true!
Bitches unfollowing me.
#FFBANK May the odds of being followed be ever in your favor
about to be 2012. i need lotsa good thoughts to get through this.
Yes I hate you...
It's Thursday! Which means #TeamQinTheCommunity Thursday. Today we will be RT'ing, Replying, and/or Mentioning all the amazing people in
how many songs are on your iPod?
On U.S. and Israel, E. Kristol, head of Emergency Committee for Israel, told audience that Obama resembles his predecessor George W. Bush.
goodmorning to all
well I want some lasanga..lol..Do u cook
Hello Marina I Pray you have a blessed weekend yourself and I love to ride a horse, I have never rode a horse before...xoxoxo :)
it was a minnesota dream, I didn't see ya.
say the words you long to hear.
NO my autographed Keith Carson picture ... NO!
RT “: Happiness is not less work. Happiness is better work.”
Then why does your BF admit you are nice, what makes you think you're not as good as u say we are, because-
Amazing fruits in Taiwan! Gigantic mangos, pineapples and watermelons! I should have taken a photo last night--maybe today if we go back :-)
And we wonder why agents don't comply?? RT : For sports agent to register in every state? In 2010: $31,700.
well tomorrow's another day were they'll find another way to lose!!! HA HA!!
. The way the Coyotes and Clippers are playing, there will be only two games Thursday through Sunday at Staples. ;-)
I just want someone to relate to, man! Get one! (please?)
My legs are hella tired tho
Reasons why im weird- I gave the priest in my church a high five
The meeting is at 9:30am at DHSP 600 S. Commonwealth Ave. SWOPLA reps will be in red to support recommendations of the Women's Collaborative
Hey, You continue to honor me and I appreciate it! Take care!
I'm so confused
Things happen for a reason, even if we dont know what it is
My sub just told me he'd fuck me up....
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
I've heard good things about Rayon Vert. Might want to send me some after I send you the Zombie Dust I've saved you.
Kinda still stuck on the news but I'll get over it.
Okay :) Goodnight and goodluck!
Thanks for following , , , , @ Unm_transp!
Norwegian Championship of PLO starts in 10 mins. Probably my worst event.
1,000 tweets. It only took me 3 years.
“: Your streak of bad luck will end at precisely the moment you decide it is over." Yep
Henceforth, Steely Dan is to be known as "Lips and the Substitute" in our house. Andrea hates Fagen's lips and sees Becker teaching algebra.
RT : Once made equal to man, woman becomes his superior. -Socrates
That prolly deserves a
So AMC finally got smart and put #thepitch with #madmen, since ad people are probably the only ones who watch it.
So sad about #MauriceSendak's passing. That guy was a kook, but definitely creative.
cookies + milk = best break (:
Word of the Day: Buttersnap shitfuckery- The intransigent nature of sodomite psychology.
Haha, you make a good point! I'll have to be careful. (And thanks!)
Genius is knowing to stay silent as others demonstrate their ignorance.
- Congrats on the victory Siyar!
I swear my intution not fooling me, but lemme findout my 14 y/o is hving issues about a nigga..ESPECIALLY a black U GLASS nikka
lol. You got that right! Idk what unwashed thinking <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
No...I'm not at CHBP. But I wish I was. Actually...on second thought, I'm having more fun at the Bellevue Arts Fair!
hit me up cuz asap
hm what to do what to do..?
Hi Sarah, please ignore the DM you received from me. My account was hacked and I'm working to clean things up! I apologize
Your not easy to love. & as much as I hate the pain some how I still stay. You make it hard to love you but through the bullshit I find away
i can't talk or hear. oh my god :D
how is class today?
According to my timeline the #Browns are treating the WR position like the #Cavs have treated the Center position for the last 5 years.
Will This Platform Change Startup Funding Forever? [VIDEO]
okay, now pick 5 with seeds =17 or more. I know, seeds arent set. But think about it
is hands down the best worker in the biz. Best bumper of all time.
we have great rooms and close to the monorail! It should be a great show!
And I was right about something I tweeted you before :D
The sauna melts all my stress way and calories.
Intuition... You may not understand at first, but you'll be happy that you listened and learn to trust that gentle nudge.
Thanks for the follow. Happy Wednesday
Avril lavigne just signed for fans at MTV studios. Traveling w Brody Jenner
gawsshh I forgot how good lookin you were :)
Love from lion & lambs family w/! MT So excited 4 Big/Little Reveal & to welcome Littles into our families!
"Crushing it" is all he knows.
"I'm sorry that everyone's so jealous of me. I just can't help it that I'm so popular."
Santos had no fewer than 7 touches on the ball while scoring for #Mexico v. #USA in Copa de Oro.
i wouldnt talk about the pain if i could smile all day
You make me feel .. <U+2665>
I'll find the link I bought mine from. I know they have kids w/o names, got my cousin (7) a Jeter, no name
My daughter is running around the house with the hammer from her workbench--holding it up like she's Thor. "Ha-maah."
Taco night!
“: Use your ministry to build people, not people to build your ministry.”
Loose ball foul on harden who flopped
“When God measures a man, he puts a tape around his heart and not his head.” —Unknown
I didn't say u were fake
Really? An escort service is following me. WYF??? Did I do something at #lma12 that I don't remember??
god, you're a temptress!!! lemme see how fast I can get ready. Will text you in a bit!
Hasn't the Tony Bennett thing worn off yet?
The mothball smell is back in my room and each minute I'm in there I lose a little bit of sanity. Help.
Octavia Spencer!!!! YES!!!!
thanks for the follow..#SteelerNation by way of California ..
Consider once again the " Gospel" music lots of them are simply "Blues" glossed over with christian lyrics. Come on GW's overhaul our music.
Northshore swappers, we're coming your way on January 22! Mark your calendar now, details coming soon!
#McNeese St advances to the #SLC Championship game for the 2nd straight year, will face #Lamar on Saturday
Just got my hands on JL3 and Batman 3!! Can't wait till I leave the office to read them.
Going to learn from my peers and local edu leaders on what are the best practices to make change in students lives.
Sweet! Thanks.
that's good to know :) I'm just coolin watching some TV
I heard from tweeps in Switzerland, the UK and Scotland in reply to my tweets at
my sister is looking for something. Let me know
Yes. So far I've only seen Elroy.
Whoa. D+D's large coffee is American large, bot Korean large. Oops.
Oovoo with Marissa? Anyone wanna chat With us. Hmu (:
u guys are a couple? I wish i had somebody 2 love :(*Crying*
Listening to Taylor Swift
Good morning everyone!
Goodbye never is easy so break it to me hard. If your over my love girl play it on my heart.
. is such a great host. Thanks for having us over :)
when you finally find something good, don't go out looking for something "better"
We are not a free people contrary to what the sheeple think.
Murio What's Shaking Hope All Is Well ..
Great readings/discusussions by and at Decatur Book Fest! #Silversparrow and #SalvagetheBones Good #justread Sept picks
Happy Birthday...: )
Versus those dreaded black market WPL tote bags?
Just saw some monster trucks!!!!!!they were awesome
Our condolences and prayers are going out to all of the victims of Japan's earthquake!
And now off to the store to get me some shirts before they close <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Seriously annoyed with all these "Obama Bashers" Lets talk about the 8years of BULLSHIT he has to clean up!! I'll wait
aaaahhh you are so funny talented and cute can you plsplsplsplsplsplsplsplsplsplspls follow me...pls:)
Jason Derulo is performing outside with the Knicks City Dancers
Ah, thank u!
Wait till they get a load of me
i will be attending my roommates party lol..so my first party in my spot...if u wanna come please do
It would be nice if you would text me back.. What did I ever do to you..
so proud of all the people that have pulled through and stayed strong despite all the hardships. you are blessed & should never think less.
Probably the most sleep deprived I've been. What a week this has been/will be. Exciting but stressfull.
Thank you! I almost did...
awww I'm sorry sweetie
aww yeah. I wanted to come but my 8week old puppy couldn't come with me. Too cold !!
i love your music
#SuccessfulHabits 87: Take some time off.
That's exactly what I said to my mom yesterday. Haha.
that one i thought was hilarious.
It's always an honor to have our illustrious Duke and Duchess in!
I'm a f***ing savage at #airwings for iPad. User name : barely paying attention. Porn bots, bring it
Barleywine! I love watching people's reactions to those.
Generators Available For Purchase Internet Buying Information
Can't stand the smell of air freshener.
Not A Doctor , But ICould Make Ya Feel Better But Im Great At Writing Physical Love Letters
“Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life” - Wayne Dyer
Office hours in the south today. Egger Rec Center from 4pm-6pm.
S/O to birthday girl shits goin down tonight !
The Weekend Fri Hours 11am-12am All Day Sat Hours 12pm-12am All Day Sun Hours 12pm-10pm All Day Downtown Denver's Sushi HQ
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. ---Martin Luther King, Jr
Are the Creighton players still coming to field day?
Next step is to find money or grant for 1:1 in my VTel classes.
what say you about Obama's student loan stumps? Has GOP conceded another generation of voters to nightly slow jams?
yeah are you almost home yet
RT Thanks fans you were down right AWESOME today
Moving to houston texas!
Sometomes I read a tweet and I think, "I know who thats directed to!"
Not a City fan by any stretch, but thrilled to see United get beat. 2 final matches loom very large now...
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 1
We taking pics holding hands on tumblr.
Get to our website and check out our computerized postural exam! www.posturecheck.com
Not always, now "brands can pin specific interactions on top of their feed...for a cost.
Looking forward to meeting with My copy of 's More To Live For documentary is already in my bag!
Nice to see that a great voice beat out a freakshow.
GoodNight guys I love you all<33
Haha....kick rocks....I love it
i love life, thank you for your inspirational music. dont ever stop doing what you love.
as an Oregon fan I have mad respect for you. As an NBA fan I have even more respect for you since you're a clippers fan.
These two kids on the couch next to me have been making out for 90 minutes. I'd move but I really feel like that's their responsibility.
I thought it was apropos since it was your birthday dinner. And we Aries get what we want.
holy fuck havent tweeted in days..
I want early access!! :)
Sweat shop workers who built our 'Macs' an iPhones and iPads do not have the time or energy to mourn Steve Jobs.
Thanks for following me Jett!
I just want to live in outer space.
off 2 work I go just got to grab a coffee!!
what's the count down to Vegas. U ready to cheack out the new level of
OMG no! It's the #1 goal of nearly all my clients! I can't believe how quickly it's overtaken "be a bestseller".
our softball team > our soccer team lol
BMI Published L.A.Chapter Voting member Simon Dylan Ian Xander Thunder will be suingCapitol Records Twit Katy Perry 4 Copyright Infringement
"Our economy is dragged down by poverty. Finding solutions to poverty is critical for global economic growth." ~Steve Wright, #socap. Agree?
Thank you. But you are way to young for alcohol. lol jk
My biggest question: will there still be mountable file storage "drive" like iDisk? Not just storage accessible by apps...
Tie game
Lmao! My mom got mad because I didnt walk and home. Hahaha how ironic xD
I been fightin crime all day. You the commissioner, man. You put that bat signal up, and I'll come runnin...me and robin.
To create brand awareness for your business, you find your market and spread your word!
Without a vision, the people will perish.
I read that you'll be bringing 72 beers. I thought "Damn, this one serious draft party."
We should do it more often. RT Always good to see an academic apologizing when s/he screws up.
Tuesday, it's fucking on!!
New Costume Quality Kids Dash Costume
am I annoying you yet ?
You're surprised Mitt was a bully in high school? A son of privilege who made his money firing people? You're surprised?
almost busted!!
- Two HOT auditions today ladies! HOT!
I will never understand why a guy chooses to hit a woman. If You're Not happy with the one your with.. Move on. Why abuse her?
That did look clean
hahaha you need to see my previous tweet. I got completely soaked on my way to work. My aunt had to bring me some dry clothes
Everybody please go report and block @/stealyocheese she was cyberbullying me
Your hustle determines your salary.
I got stage fright
OMFG!:o omg post lonely soul girl;)
when is SAB coming back to tv and will their be a second season?
hahaha thanks! :) I wish I still was lol
Amar'e Stoudamire finally decided to attack the glass.
as soon as I find out when it is arriving I will get a hook up at Apple..
#IfICouldLiveInAnyOtherCountry it would be the Netherlands. <3
bc i got a bf
Hi Matt, further to our chat visit to report the fake Liverpool players on here. They have a complete list on their site
Denmark in 10 days! In the meantime, time to cause ruckus in DC.
I'm diggin this new usher song.
Green apple gree teA with jelly tastes horrible. #sucksforme. Ugh now in school :(
Sure. What's your major?
Documenting Red Carpet Play Eagles UNDER 47
There are no #Pats images on Amazed + confused.
So I was listening to the NPR today and they were investigating the agencies that gave ppl credits they shouldn't have...such bs!so dumb!!!
JB is getting out of hand with this sneak peek video lol
Reel Stories film festival this evening! VIP for ! Going to be nuts!!
Janet was inspired by her brother Mike and Mike was inspired by James Brown.
thhheerrree ya goo
:D HE RETWEETED YOU! Lucky!<3
The pix of Synetic Theatre's King Lear look amazing. Sorry to have missed it.
Remember when the Phillies were good?
that's cool. I thought about getting tickets but had a scheduling conflict. Glad it was sold out - must have been a great night
"Blogging is a meritocracy." - Zach Jerome speaking at today's 's Director's Forum.
I'm going to bed! Goodnight :) Don't be mad at me! See you tomorrow.
“ I'm so full this should Be a sin to indulge like this” it is it's called gluttony
My Moostache brings all the boys to the yard
Ok peeps...working on my blog...where are the #Indians fans?
Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process. -Jim Rohn
to tell you the truth when i was hustlin' i ain't fuck with her!..
4 different people have told me about Produce Junction today. Internet, what IS this magical place??
Make us your 1st stop in #Wallingford today!
Zooming through your reps when strength training uses momentum instead of muscle power and doesn't challenge your muscles.
someone have my children plz
#GoPackGo!!! #Packers sign Welcome to #TitleTown!!!!
I am glad I am no longer a librarian or archivist. There. I said it.
happy birthday!;+)
RNG owned that stage! Fannypak come on!!! :)))
And sometimes u just have to wash yr hands.
Slept until 11 with this rain in the background. This whole not working stuff has its perks.
Been a great weekend here in San Diego, the weather was great and I got a lot accomplished!
#PrayingForYou I hope your ok.
Where do we eat at this place? Just got to the Sheraton and it feels kind of isolated. Good walkable options?
My thoughts are so far south with all the fake I see.
at TD Garden in Boston for Celtics v Bulls. I am thinking the Bulls brought the wind with them. damn it is cold and windy outside!
Check us out at www.bcnconcepts.com we may have the contact you need .
I hate leaving my room on my sick days because my mom usually doesn't even know I'm home. Then gets angry with me.
Thank you everyone for joining us at #GPPCMA education day! Great speakers, great facility, great food, and great networking!
or i'll just hang out with your mom while you watch them..
I am determined to keep my New Years Resolution & I'm NOT touching the hot fudge sundaes!!!
We have tickets for the Dangerous Summer show $12 and Tickets for July 16th with Kid Blaze $7 www.myspace.com/historyrepeatsband
I'm so sorry!!! I know the feeling at least she's. It suffering anymore <3
wow...more than 1000 followers...thanks, twitter peeps
Yes, he is!! RT : I saw that. He's so awesome!
hopefully there will be a creepy pool sex scene
STAY AT HOME DEAD Jeffrey Allen 'I was waiting for the next battle. Which, you know, was really dumb, because'
Lets make a "call me maybe" video.
Milwaukee is beautiful in October. (Well, mostly.) :)
Yay! I'm so thrilled to join the "family!"
Great idea! To add to it--I used to watch Sabado Gigante or Telemundo. Hugely helpful for pronunciation.
More bell hooks today. She's discussing The Help today. She's not a fan...
Congrats to and who both just scored the password to #CovertTU tonight! Great job guys!
And we're giving away another free race entry at NOON! Make sure you sign up on our website now for a chance to win.
"One Thousand White Women: The Journals of May Dodd". (Sorry, Jim)
Next year's GET conference will be 2-day event, April 25-26, 2013 w/ more PGP events #get2012,
We'd love to feature u as a deal on Promoted to 20k+ college students in San Diego. Interested?
I don't understand why people think you have to be good at math to play Sudoku....its a logic game you idiots
she wrote and wrote and wrote until her hand disjointed and fell off, she was obliged to visit the hand boutique, and pick up a new model.
Posted my first post on today. What a fun community! :)
Somehow the words "toilet paper" coming out of my mouth grossed them out in a discussion about the environment.
Have a great stay-cation! RT : Staycation during finals week is relaxing.
I want to apologize to whoever those Nikes belonged to in the 7th grade. They looked nice & they were my size. It be like that sometimes.
bahahahahahahahhaha. You're clearly not feeling her... Or maybe you are (;
I am doing awesome things to good languages.
You were born to be real, not to be perfect. You are here to be you, not to be someone else.
Life is too short to let someone make you miserable. Remember, someone can only make you unhappy if you give them the power to do so.
lies is one of the thingsihate
Uh oh. I've run out of brainpower.
hit you up later about the logos - sorry, been swamped
can you please tell fergie I love herr? ((: Hehe.
I have no clue why, but it feels an awful lot like I got punched in the face. And this is not a good feeling at all.
you stole this one from me ;)
Is everybody getting a #Windows8 tablet??? If so, sign me up!
Totally dig, dude. Keep it up.
Dear lord, you sure have given us a lot to think about for season 3! Summer can't come soon enough...
Sports turn us into such idiots. Just found myself wishing Wolves would just give up & concede again so that I can stop watching/hoping.
Thanks for a great 2nd week at Spear and Mission. You guys are awesome, even in the rain. See you next Tuesday.
u fallin off man
Come Together. Yess!!!
what do u say sweety ? go out
So bummed, was planning on show tonight but looks like tickets are all sold out! Any way of getting in at the door?
Anyone who is interested in posts about my crafting activities should follow me here:
Seattle the week of 11/14
and those plans are still on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
No surprise to me, when my mom "dislikes" all my friends and loves all my older sisters . #Fucked up shit ^.^
Can't wait to see the More Than This video tomorrow! :-)
How have you never been to Chipolte?? They are pure deliciousness.
Care too little, you will lose them. Care too much, you will get hurt.
I'm on your side Stephen! but of course :)
Grand Opening January 9th!
Look at those tweets ranking so high. Content marketing!
WE THE ONLY THING THAT MATTERS RIGHT NOW !!
ORD and MDW blocked. intel says 5 zombies now. do not trust media. maybe sporadic tweets now.
no worries. If its too out of the way - not a big deal just let me know.
she has what i had ! , membee gow sick i was !
Me too, agreed!
so they never tell you that 1-3 years experience of advanced dance is needed to do TaeBo lol
You mean like paper and pencil?
good luck!
The Minnesota History Center throws a GREAT party!
I got a ticket! Will have to let you know how it goes!
It's not too late to order your desserts for the weekend! Also, stop by for a slice of our Georgia Peach Poundcake - it's only $2!
The faceoffs are still a big problem for the rangers, can't control the puck
#edumooc2 Love it! Karen Swan missed online features when teaching f2f, made blended course
YES, has a twitter! ;D
Im really happy with him.
Only dwn 7 bro, we gud RT : I'm cutting this Laker shit off they pissing me off let me know the score at the end of this bullshit
RT : Cool DVD news! MITW had sell out crowd last night at the San Francisco Green Film Festival....
What I am or what I'd LIKE to be? ;) We have tents...I'd LOVE a motor home.
Aaron Eckhart rocks the butt chin
good point!
Reason to use statistics in your speech part 2- “Statistics can have an emotional impact (pathos) on your audience.”
So am I! It's a great opportunity and we certainly have jobs for with skilled staff in this food-centric town.
Beale Street, Mayweather fight, Cinco de Mayo....So many things going on today!
Passed Andrew Bynum in El Segundo. Players-only meeting held today.
Hello to our new followers! &
better have some pretty boss finale if this is true.
Just completed longest flight of our lives, Munich to Perth, AUS thru USA over 35hrs in planes! Ministering for Margaret Court in a.m.
Dude whatever im just trying to be in a good mood I don't need all this bullshit I get from so many people over meaningless things!
No, but I heard about it...
there nada to be happy bout Monday why b/c i got to go to work and deal wit asshole lol
i love your nostrils.
Can't rub skin dry after showering/bathing, pat off excess. Apply moisturizer to moist skin. beautysnatural.com (Truly Natural Products)
lol...uh .YUP
basketball-mania these days, stay glued to the tube
This is the last time I dont drive going out, im super sleepy my bed is calling me and I cant even answer....
Someone is trying to arrange a phone call with me at a given time, in EST. What should I do? Tell him he's wrong? Show up at the wrong time?
made (& ate) s'mores then did a kickboxing workout with a former miss usa. best relay ever!
hah! If i pitched a perfect game I would be too! :)
Not a chance. If they need a 2B they'll call up Farris.
Almost there! :)
Home!! Time to study exams are almost here!!!
I hope you tweet about it later, though! Just to give your loyal followers an overview
i wish I had one now
Ppl who just let their phone ring. Well it's not going to pick up on its own.
MCA Rest in Peace
the weather is getting better! No more freezing days- Makes for a great day
“To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.” ~Mark Twain
OH Lord i hope he doesnt notice me...he looking hella hard! (sidenote)...IM HUNGRY!
Scanned in art work... pen tooled part of my character... staging for animation. Stay TUNED
Sleeping on the master bed this whole weekend :)
it would sooner than you think bro....
Can I get aRT from my second fav BC player
World Football League T-Shirt Jacksonville Sharks Adult Black Tee Shirt
At Radiohead concert with in Tampa.
will fix-- thanks!
i wanna wake up in a city that doesn't sleep.....bahahahaha! All Dogs go to Heaven. Happy 100th G
How long would you guess your vascular system is if you were to line them up end-to-end?
I don't take stress well.
ManU - American owned soccer!
Penn State the school or Pennsylvania the state? Haha
Sure thing. Have a great week
: nice--my newest timesink. i blame you...
*crying* @ your direct quote from Aubrey. Oh my.
it is soon much better! Thanks how are you chad?
I wish I had a dance lmao
It's a hot topic right now for sure!
You can succeed if nobody else believes it, but you will never succeed if you don't believe in yourself. - William Boetcker
": Faith is the currency of heaven."
So that's how airlines make their money: went a few pounds over on my checked luggage, so my fee went from $25 to $115. How is that legal?!
on skype :D
YES YOU ARE! we'll go to Sonic first because thats long overdue. then the drive-in. & Hooters. you can't get out of it lol.
For the stock market the shorts are winning. Same old news, now reality setting in. Joined market Maven team. Ask for details
$2 off your combo meal tomorrow for Pre Payday Thursday!
kendricks verse in b boyz>> ..... DAMN
Fuck you see you at space tonight
Life doesn’t always have to be so serious and black and white. Let’s stir things up a little.
The Rangers success and start of the NBA season help to mitigate the sorrow I feel about this Cowboys season.
UPDATE 1-Macquarie, UOB place bids for ING Asia arm-sources
Thanks for the shout!
It's Monday, and that means it is the day to decide the next week for "targets" - what's new and great in ABQ for eats?
Latest from : "I swear, if you go to bed before fully enjoying this fire I built..."
Good, great wins by NY Rangers and Yanks today!!
#DASER Borgia "the Bower protects the female from male threat."
congrats to the winner, but I didn't see anyone else who even tried to win, I thought it was about directing traffic creatively???
#JustPromiseMe that I will meet Ed Sheeran again some day.
I wonder what #SAG screeners we'll get this year.
Experience the only 4G LTE network with rewards! Check out our 4G devices like the Samsung Aviator and Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1
I need people to accept their true skin color. These tans are too much.
I don't even know if that makes sense to anyone but it does to me..
Yes, because I'm awake now! :) RT : It's going to be a great show today eh? ;)
Can you share some pix of the Bogota architecture? Thx
agreed. You're making this difficult on us though. #TBWII won't be fun remember?! :)
AH! SO CLOSE!
happy Husker day! How are you settling in?
Punk Goes Pop>>
Look I'm clean, neat, etc butWhenItComesToHavingMyComputer in my room while I'm trying to clean it, having twitter open, I can't resist.
AH! Finally the weather feels a little balmy! It's been so cool Spring hardly seems to have begun!
im on dat loud, u on dat whisper
Samantha just finished the Surf City half marathon. Woohoo! Time to get cleaned up and Super Bowl it. Huya! Giants I guess...
I was busted on friday nd lost my phone but I stole it back hahaha
dont we just love mechanics, they work fast, they never surprice you w/ another problem when its time to pick up ur car :)
If we do not plant knowledge when young, it will give us no shade when we are old. Lord Chesterfield
I think this is harder on old mahomies cuz we actually Knew how he was before he was famous and so much has changed...
lets trend #LastHoranWednesdayOf2011 please??? Thanks!
I can go for a yogurt right about now.
yayaya freakin' sore throat and headache! God damn!!
Now Broussard looks like an idiot for his halftime comments.
When I buy "ugly stuff" and my sister doesn't believe I can make it cute , that bitch,
“ That awkward moment when you are actually pulling a push door.”
Everyone is beautiful if the just BEaUtiful :) be yourself everyone and u will find that special someone <3
14 home runs in 29 games is unreal
HEY EVERYONE FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!
Dear allergies, I hate you. Best, Heather
Smoking And I got asthma I know that's ass backwards
your self importance has overwhelmed your good sense...you actually think you can relate to the common man
Definitely unmoored RT : Adam Yauch: the first celebrity death of the year that has left me completely unmoored...
I'm gonna come visit this summer. Mish yew <U+E413>
Tell us about your business. Post your FB or website page here.
you're VERY welcome! :D
hangin in there... Miss talkin to u... Did u get your tat?
I want someone to crack my back & neck; && then give me a massage.
Heyy youu! Yeahh you reading this goo follow noww! She follows back. Soo, follow her!(:
Woohoo! Wonderful news and well-deserved, I'm sure. Great match-up all around!
“: I hate country accent's!”why???
About to screen Last Call Packed house!!!!
Some "teachers" need to learn how to teach...
"I think it's her time of the month. I marked our calendar for future reference"-Sheldon
check my phone I'm bout to get a call, I'm pushin in my shit hahaha
Thomas and Dolores Umbridge are equals
Finally saw the vid of Artie Lange on Joe Buck Live and uh... wow. I'm speechless. Don't think the term train wreck describes it justly.
I was so excited to clean out my fridge, do dishes, and sort recycling this morning before work (late day). I'm a grownup now.
First audition for "How I met your mother", second audition or casting director Natasha Ward! Pretty stoked..busy day but damn exciting!
Chris: Networking--not a networking person; day-to-day business is quite isolating
I wish, my mom won't let me go anywhere cause I didn't go to school today. If I could I would trust me -_-
...for the person who can't get genuinely excited about his work...will never achieve anything worthwhile. - Walter Chrysler
sure....I may be back a little after that.
Sunday! Always.
I'm legit the only girl in this class right now.
"Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves." HENRY THOREAU... Let this week be this week. Lose yourself this weekend.
Life is 2 short NOT be who u are & NOT do what u love. Don't let circumstances determine ur destiny, never give up on the dream....C J
#yum -- glad you're enjoying it!
u still on!
We knew it was true! Just had to prove to world. #Wisconsin #uwsocial is king of colleges #socialmedia crown.
First session of conspiracy theories and critical thinking webinar just finished. Next up, the Pearl Harbor attack. Great subject!
what is there 2 do?
Complexed like black salt...
do work son!
i need more friends
1966 I believe. I took an undergrad class from the founder at CSULB.
Wow, you do not go against Lincoln. Why did that get a laugh but not the dying newspapers?
Take risks in your life , if you win , you can lead! If you lose , you can guide!
Pretty sure all this coughing is going to fracture a rib.
jangledocab Lesson: "hamglad" adj. -- When you are glad that you have ham.
Thanks for the follow...following youbtoo....
well the worst thing that can happen is you hit a stud and break your hand in several places.
History was a lot more interesting when all the world's leaders were crazy from syphilis. We should bring that back.
A select few had the gifted voice of Whitney Houston. Let us celebrate the life of WH and pray for those love ones in their time of grief.
Which I need to hear as this makes no sense to me. We can create apps and that is enough, no? yes?
That was awesome - great fun & insightful! Thanks so much for joining us - podcast up soon!
lol good enough! we need to hang out so you can tach em some of your skills? :D
OMG so Meta! I was a Girl Scout. I'm eating Thin Mints. Saxby Chamblis giving floor speech on Girl Scouts. C-SPAN2: mind blown.
RT She on a diet, but her pockets eating CHEESECAKE..!
Miami bound this is when work doesn't feel like work.
Taking personal calls and watching SYTYCD Youtube videos. Friday yet???
i need no man in this fuckinq world ! -__-t
I'm so paranoid
And isn't that just about the creepiest part?
He honestly ran and hid hahhaa.
Samsung posts record $5.15 billion profit; mobile sales surge
Miami tomorrow, Vegas on Thursday!
I'll text u once I get my phone fixed/replaced
if those ballots are all for Rick Sanotrum then it's all kicking off...
Just listened to the mix tape and really enjoyed it. Go check this guy out! You working on an album?
Country girl/guy VS. City girl/guy
Like I care?
I am wireframing the crap out of some shiznit today! oh Yeah!
I went to buy my new desk & photography light desk & my friend & cousin were passing it off (takin turns clipping it on their side)
aight. Ima try it one more time
thanks for the RT
yooo we in new york. Hit us up!!!
#Bestpartofmyweek is seeing :)
burned 397 calories doing 60 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog"
Check out the 4 Gutsy girls BLOGGING about their QLCs @ stratejoy.com ! Very real & very inspiring!
Rich: Not logical to say bc plant fails in extreme conditions, all plants should be closed where same risk does not exist.
We strive to really deliver 90% off the best of Madison. We just don't say it, we deliver
Anybody have c lunch tomorrow?
You are going, aren't you?
a familiar thing from my years working @ SDSU Library - the FIRE ALARM is going off... evacuate the building. #EarlyLunch!
Im smoking, fcukin, nd working all summer!!!
I prayed your day ended as good as mines..........guess what? I finally after two months has a residence in New Rochelle
No. Coolest Day of the Year is Jan 17th - Anton Chekhov's Birthday. But those other guys are pretty cool.
Eva: We must resist the attempts to accept the status quo. Bigger. Bolder. Faster.
Rough one today...ouch.
I see your a #Pirates fan... you should follow ... he's the
Posted by Tom under saving on your phone bill Comments Off
Everything's Good Bro. How 'bout Yourself?
Well, its Another Monday morning
she's sippin on the haterade
i like to find creepy dudes creeping on girls on twitter and look at them and tell myself that I'm 1000 times cooler than them (cuz i am)
Beer started getting lighter as it was marketed to women.
ONE place!!!!!! Omg! I'm so excited!
My entire intention is entirely to entice you
good morning hope you're feeling better, always nice to see you on my TL.
Am I really?! I'm not even trying no but seriously
Thanks Kyle, I want to do a post on the show as well in the very near future if you and DD are OK with it. I'll be in touch
most of the time, they can be off track with flowing conversation sometimes
Oh shit i gotta go get my tank cd
St Louis Blues get beat like a red-headed step child
Richard Petty Driving Experience. Unreal.
lady heard me tonight cause my feeling it's just so right I feel love for the first time..can't you see your my day light!!
Not the first time I've gotten the meat sweats!
let's hope the rest of the work week is quick & easy.
Mood Swing - New York Times (blog)
TONIGHT: +Boulder S'Wedge - Bryan Johnson and Family w/ Lion Walk, Lion Run and Lizzie Pitch - 8 PM - No Cover!
you too!
Happy 4th of July Everyone! Have a Safe and Enjoyable Independence Day!!!
Is it bad that a friend of mine just told me he started training at McDonald's and I GASPED <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>...I mean work is work I guess...
"I want my sister to divorce our cousin" WTH that Jeremy Kyle Show is so stupid!!
Catch that ball Collins!
Hey there! What type of writing are you looking to have done?
I think I've seen the #Smash pilot like 20 times now.. I cannot wait for the premiere of this show! The music, the storyline, the cast=magic
Wanna volunteer for ? Volunteer Orientation TONIGHT at at 6pm. Help us pull off this ambitious and magical event.
(c) and to take attendance is like when we have to be with them. And we dont find out who our chaperone is till thurs.
You got it George! Thank you!!! Have a wonderful weekend!!!
I bet this girl that just rolled my burrito got major blunt Rollin skills
Someone tell me why angelie was disqualified from americas next top model
that is English, but this isn't
#waystomyheart there are no ways lol.
Maybe by the end of NaNoWriMo I'll have a whole *chapter* written. *headdesk*
This #FF is dedicated to only :)
I LOVE YOU DEVOOOOOOOOO! Cheer up amigo!! I will see you son! <3
every guy, has that girl who changes the game, and the player.
FYI - Water Authority has Twitter accounts and
Awesome! Thanks for sharing Dr. Seuss's adman creative.
MT : Day three, after our conversation yesterday the kids were angry and asking how can they create change
GotBieberFever5: RT : Gary is being a pain in the ass.
but like how are u sure it's here and not some other random taylor lol
If u like one direction please let me know :) ..... So I can unfollow u lol ;)
A sort of odd special at the bakery across the street: Buy a brownie and get a cookie for free.
Yes there is some serious poofage in my photo. I haven't grown out of that yet :)
Never fails..I always wake up from a nap 1confused and 2with a headache.
Happy national honesty day. know that honesty is apparently inexistent..
jessica biel. woof.
Practicing Adventures of a comic book artist with my friends in theater elective we miss u
Celebrate #MarchMadness on March 21st at and ! Free #WeWant8 tees,music from & drink specials!
My goal? Live with out a single regret
i texted him lol i think u and i should just start on something-
Just waking up! Ahh, I love sleeping, but still sick! -___-
More babies! Whoo! 21 days before mine! Time to go meet the fellow April stud!
Looking for a Sr. Recruiter who specializes in SharePoint recruiting!!!
Dear unread books on my shelf, stop staring at me like that. I haven't been reading magazines either.
hell yeah,hell yeah hell yeah, fuckin right,fuckin right allrighttt. <3
how about you shut the fuck up. you have an ugly mother and i hate your butt hole
If there's one takeaway from #LITAultdebate it's that there is no magic. Unless OLE actually *is* a unicorn.
I swear its every class I have one person stare at me hard af. (-.-)
Why is no one talking about the Lou Gramm trial? Not saying he did wrong, but kinda a big story.
Follow back then :)
Greeted by tackle-hugs from the dudes & a chorus of "Mommy, mommy, mommy!"
I've been laughing to myself most of today listening to these! :D
Daniel Tosh is the only one that you'd be with lol
Watching New Years Eve with my wonderful friends. :)
You will be unstoppable in Coach Cal's Dribble Drive!! I feel a Championship coming... Go Big Blue!!
G.O.O.D. Music has gotten so much hype lately I love it.
So....time to listen to Spotify instead.
you copied my tweet?!
RT : I don't have any "geek" collections or "geek" gear, but I do spend an avg. of 10 hrs/wk fishing....
so true! I've been great about exercising, meditating, sleeping and eating right. Need to get back on the massage train! :)
Bring it on little brother
The cake turned out awesome! Hopefully it tasted as good as it looked!
You're not alone. Weight loss is one of the hardest battles to fight.Maybe that's why is prouder of her weight loss than her Oscar!
you are too kind
Thanks! Great community! RT : Jiffy-Lube! Jiffy-Lube! and Matt, whoever you are, thanks!
how's it coming?
Sittin in dfw. Stop in atl for a beer with an old friend, in so fla by bedtime.
We just converted our Facebook page to timeline - this should be fun!
How is the officiating live? Joke on TV
what state do you live in?
please follow us, I wish you the best
recording your Swap Party on NBC this am but Dallas weather has other plans! Hope you'll send me a copy...
Ryan Beatty is verified before wtf is wrong with this world?:/
its the power of bonner! LOL
Initiative people, take it!
Club Play tonight at SoBe ;)
We have an office pool at my job on whether Michael Jackson's hologram will be white or black.
tell me product out of stock BEFORE I submit credit card! Oh, as I vent my new Khols "sales alert"/spam just arrived. Thanks
I was just saying it as an FYI, nothing more, nothing less
Clearly the worst thing for your breath is sleep.
yu a fool boogie boo! if yu dont have anything nice to say dont say anything at all.....lmbo
he better not get shot
Rebellion is as bad as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as bad as worshiping idols 1 Samuel 15:23
Oh definitely. RT : Decided: the plural of George Foreman's sons is Georges Foreman.
the description is great.
Apparently she's having this baby like soon what??????? Secret pregnancy??? SCANDALOUS. PULLIN A FRANK IERO
Today in 1925 the #Phillies had their 8th game in a row rained out.
rick mo's mo's is the BOMB wish i was in town, would come meet you!!!have a crab cake for me!!lol lol
be tweekin. almost hit my line for nothing smh
Gorgeous day at the Farmers Market! Grab your keys and get over here
'Stay with the man who is beating you, or get deported'
I'll take 80s if you can get the humidity down too. I can bring you a case of beer (your choice) for your trouble.
Thank you! Best whishes for u and your family too. :) Yes you are the first. :)
wow 9/8/2010 marks two years luis and i started dating and LUI birthday wow cant believe you wont here to celeabrate R.I.@@@
How did I get to work this morning? Just hoisted the sail is all.
Aww thanks, and i am only a wicked cool fan cause your'e an amazing artist that i can be a fan of ;D
he is amazing!!
Gotta go grocery shopping :(
IMHO Uncle Meghabhuti & Funkscribe are the best radio show in town. Tough luck , good work
yeah...recently i've been doing that more than i'd like to...haha but ya que? Fuck it *high five*
On my way home from New Hampshire listening to The Wanted.
mine is starting to look like chicken scratch :/
What's up How's everything going
you have hit the "attract the crazies" level of fame
EyeNetra hopes to solve the access to glasses problem, and potentially revolutionize eye care. Also wicked idea: Hardware App Store.
Ok, that was crazy....time to get my ass home
ha, oops. Just changed it from showing 50 lines to 25, and must have missed a spot. That's what I get for hardcoding it.
Did you allow "Operation Eradicate" the iPad pandemic clone, or is it a ripoff? Thanks!
see how y'all do me :(
for what, for murder if you die and it might be murder the amount of the policy can make you a suspect for murder. That is a motive
Don't understand people who are offended by "the seaward"... Dumb cunts.
Random group of guys bust out in song ... Reminds me of vocal ensemble... Been thinking about that a lot lately. Miss you guys :(
Not bad. Simple enough for me to appreciate in a 3 leg design. I'm still obsessed w/ the bookshelf you tweeted though!
Hm. Crazy trance music kid isn't blasting his music at a billion decibels in the elevator today, someone's Lookin out for me
You need to look at my Artfire Studio and pick something out for Eva Langoria or someone else. I do custom, and I do GORGEOUS
is in Love with Being an Honest Business man.....
I don't know abt u, but I'm craving a DQ basket. Lemme know if you wanna hit one up. We know where they are now!
Not going to ruin it for all the west coasters! Grammys looking great this year!
The ancient Greeks believed that redheads would turn into vampires after they died.
My night would have been better off studying the US constitution and gauging my eyes out with a red pen.
"Need to have benchmark of regular #'s in social media too, to know when a campaign has been successful."
im a student of the school of hard-knocks..
Something's in the works!
RT : pick Bruce Irvin DE W Virginia
Can I get an invite?
Phone doesn't recognize that reader is plugged in. Tried 2 different readers. Up to date on software. Pls help. Thx.
24 hours from greatness.... I'm that close....
good idea, man.
I'm either checkin out his face, junk or ass... usually all of the above.
Keep the throttle wide open on your dreams!!
Headin fer the barn
Everytime I get on this app I wonder what the hell people think when they leave the house looking so crazy
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball? Juan on Juan.
But the one student sleeping in the front row didn't need his laptop to help him not pay attention!
the beauty of making an album on your own terms. U can change up whenever u want. Creativity happens when u least expect it :)
- please text me?
tell that to the winner...
I believe McCain wants Obama to have a second term. His support of Romney is a smoke screen. He knows Romney will not win.
"Fiction is where you go to know you're not alone." Genuinely inspired by #ElizabethStrout's #penandpodium lecture last night.
Hey did you see that got on twitter?
finally!! I love how politically vocal you've been--keep it up!
RT : Character is a diamond that scratches every other stone ~ Cyrus A. Bartol
no I'm silly too + random SMH lol
Im hoping so, run its course / RT : The Office will be back this fall. It is not determined if this will be the final season.
you're too gay to be funny.
Our Launch Party was a lot of fun. But if you missed it, don't fret! We'll be hosting a second pop-up shop at the Trumbullplex on Dec. 10.
Lmao. "Gym, gym, bangs trim, gym."
Ha My nigga Prodigy Said I like the Jacket ! #But it wasnt even a jacket lmfaooo haahahaha
Just wait ima get u one of these days don't trip baby girl(:
hello! whats up?
The #dcnyc10 iPhone app. Love.
is giving us the best early Christmas present ever! :D #December20th #PutYourHeartsUp #PutyouHeartsUpDecember20th <3
And #46for46 murals! RT : Have you visited the Huddle ? Stop by and visit for shopping, dining & entertainment!
Kelly Rowland hosts at PURE Nightclub in Caesars tonight! #FREE entry on VIP guest list! Text 702.882.4982 B4 7:30pm!
heading to to watch butcher a pig. Video will be out next week.
That sounds like a lot of fun :-) Yes the tour is going great. We just finished a show in Pharr Texas.Tons of fun!
Just put together our infamous crab cake mixture. Mardi Gras at PHYC tomorrow!
Skylar is staying:) I hope <3
“: And Campbell's double noodle soup.”
At my family event, there's about 80 people and I can't find the food...how is this possible? That's why I came!!
Wantinf him.. but at the same time.. i don't want to get hurt.
K, Rihanna won.
Make BEATS!
im up way to early!!
I haven't been on twitter in a long time.tweet me what did i miss. ICONiac Forever. <$
#socialRFP Step 1 Define the Objective: Brand--identify core biz objectives, key marketing initiatives. What does client REALLY need?
Goodmorning world! Another day we see light!
While you're visiting my page, please take the time to recommend it to your family and friends. Thank you so much. :)
Powerhouse poker w/ and the man
Mobile Marketing - Discover Why Mobile is the Next Marketing Goldmine.
Me and most overused words: fuck, omg, shit, shut up, and ew
Ok, let's light this candle!
great meeting you as well... tell Jay I said hello!!
you guys, first relation ships were FaceBookOfficial for you their TwitterOfficial
if only you went to Toronto
Great class in Tribeca today!!!! :) can't wait to teach again in Long Island on Tuesday night - Lynbrook here we come!!!!!! :)
SERIOUSLY?! FML. EXCUSE ME WILL I CRY IN A FUCKING CORNER. OMFG. LOOKS LIKE IM NOT MEETING MY HUSBAND.
Off day at Epcot. One of the many traditions to be kept alive today...
#768 Everyblock is nice, especially when you're thinking about moving into a new neighborhood
Abouta run errands and get the glasses!!!
oh I see. Thanks for the 411! Have a great nap...z :)
Back on Twitter just for the Oscars! So excited! And we're a company of our word: If Christian Bale don't win Oscar, WE LEAVE TWITTER 4EVER!
do you agree w that?
Wiskullsin Xmas party-drink-'em-up-pre-bar-hop Saturday Extravaganza is tomorrow at HQ. Message/facebook me for details.
Happy Birthday Albert Einstein! Born this day in 1879.
#whatifindattractive an athletic man
awh, thank you(:
#BigBangTheory is THE BEST! I think it's already been renewed so I'm safe to say it out loud!
i don't know what i'd do with myself if i won! hahaha, fingers crossed!
Here's a little song I wrote; you might want to sing it note for note: don't worry, be happy!
Lemonheads! definitely my favorite candy from childhood
PLEASE FOLLOW ME <U+2665>
get your $1 bartab drink on at Tiki No
U smh at me is the same thing as shut the fuck up.... dnt shake your damn head at me
Two wonderful Fried Egg Sandwiches from - The MeggaFowl made in honor of and Free Range Against the Machine.
ever notice how cigarette smoke is two distinctly different shades of gray before and after exhale?
Im tryna get up to head to the gyn
Ben Holmes - when I'm around U.S.-based entrepreneurs, I have to watch my wallet bc they are great at pitching!
okay I'm done. I apologize for flooding your twitter feed with my poor observations of life.
I can't hide my redneck side.
Great thanks we are just starting our blogg and want to link with other likeminded bloggers in the security space.
I'm a Tebow fan,so that's why I 'm saying something haha(:
and never leave!!!! What is TYVM? sorry my twitter vocab isn't up 2 par 0_o
Everything is tracked for data analysis & follow-up. Presenter didn't detail specifics.
your new website is awesome (nice work ;)
#Detroit is coming back baby! Lets grow for the future!
I need everyone's number again. I finally upgraded my phone lol
no dice. I'm feeling like poo. Ugh.
Here's to the directioners who--- DID SOMEONE SAY ONE DIRECTION?!??! :)
Opening exhibition game at the new stadium was fantastic! Way to show them what you're made of Panthers!!
Come in for the YEAR END CELEBRATION! All superduties F250, F350, F450's get a $2,500 rebate AND $1,000 Ford Motor Credit Rebate! PLUS As l…
yea i get mad when i have to retype it. But I'm the same way lol
Good morning!!!! Finishing the last of the new registrations. It is a good day. :)
<U+FFFD>The common reputation of Twitter is that it<U+FFFD>s frivolous, which isn<U+FFFD>t the case
SELENA YOU LIKE THE NEW FOTAS
Wow watching the blood sugar solution with dr mark hyman... Proves my theory that high fructose corn syrup is killing our country! WATCH!!!!
Here we go Steeler...Pittsburgh's going to the Super Bowl
I got love for the tabbouli!
So what are you doing for your mother for Mother's Day?
I don't know whats better sleeping in my own bed for the 1st time in 6 days, or having 100% cell phone battery for the 1st time in 6 days?
Join us for worship at 8:00. It will be transforming. The message is "Dissed in Death."
Thanks for the follow, I always follow back, #(-_-):)
What station is it on?
breakfast for dinner is delicious:) i luv it:) hehe
Free wine tasting before the last home game? Register for the 11/13 MTTS lecture, Virginia Wine: Past, Present and Future with Chad Zakaib.
WHAT IS HOMEWORK THOUGH
so awesome!! That TOTALLY made my day!
When you're committed, you work thinks out.
Whoever did that is AT LEAST the coolest person in Baltimore.
TY for the shout out! Hope to see you all at #DiningOutForLife #doldc!
what value; when u dont have players to fill roster enough! I guess they need players not need!
agree kd should've won it
Hungry for lunch already? What gives?
Pulling treasures from the #archives to wow the newbies at New Student Orientation tomorrow.
The NFL Scouting Combine has instituted the Wonderlic Test, which is said to measure players' learning capabilities.
yea use water paint
Ok, I have to lay back down so I can up in 2 hrs :/ Thx to all new follows, RT, & replies, enjoyed the conversation. Nitey nite ;) <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0084>
Probably the 5th time I posted that. First was after the Super Bowl. That pic was from last night
Omg i really took a 3 hour nap. Had the craziest dream too
Which I haven't done in forever, Lolz
Just finished watching The Count Of Monte Cristo, wow!! How art refects life!!!!!
Denver! You?
A chocolate Peanut butter oatmeal cookie sounds so delicious. Hm I wonder if DH would bake some up?
oh well idk
Support Local Business!! follow
Hey 'member when you did Francis?
Every body always tries to start stuff with Lebron on the court
bestie! Hey! I'm doing good but I was in stress lately. How about you? Are you doing great?
we gone be salty af
hacker screen is up, another laptop is open, coffee in hand and tunes in my earholes. THIS IS WHAT WORLD DOMINATION LOOKS LIKE.
you should. Very cool style
Yeah but Death by Degrees, for all it's visual pomp, might as well have been coined "DIY Genital Mutilation!: The Home edition!"
do you still want to co-own? if you do can you please follow back? :)
I'm so thirsty!
You illegally charged my account $39 this month. I want my money back!!!
Self defense! And I think me perfecting your paper was an adequate award...that was some solid work from me there.
Got a sneak peek at #INArtisan Marketplace today while with Great food, wine, pottery, jewelry art! Sat 10-6, Sun 10-5
Sorry to hear that. I can empathise. I've had a heap of pants-days since getting back from Chile. This is Catastrophe Month.
WHO WANTS TO SEND SOMETHING IN FOR PATS BIRTHDAY VIDEO!? YOU HAVE UNTIL THE END OF THE NIGHT TO SEND TO (:
Outstanding! RT : Beautiful Event today at with Hosted by Wow! What an amazing meal!...
RIP Earl Scruggs
Mid Major coaching job vs BCS job - great read...
gotta buy packs so u always have one.
Thanks for your really nice comment on my Show The World video!!! i'm from Florida.
Nice! RT : Thanks for the tip! Listening to & love...
Spread to Thine is really getting me pumped for the new album!
No magic bullet for measurement...Look at business and communications goals and map back to them
Kentucky Derby contest today. Pick a number betw 1-20, if horse wins, you win Dbacks/Cubs tickets. We'll tweet exact time later.
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
End of the 4th with a score of 6-10
You're very welcome! Have a wonderful weekend!
wow, I didn't know it was that serious. TF is he?? And who does that like!? He's a Loner...
Ohio here we come. Text the cellular. :)
i think i found my girl than haller
You think you know someone, till they screw you over...
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
Bender's writing a book for Manning too, so we can get some synergistic pimping
Thanks friend! Can't wait to catch up and see you for Minneapolis fun in a few weeks!
S/0 to on being a great friend !
Smh...some ppl do the stupidest things-i just hate being present when they do smh
Cheaters never win! Ryan Braun is a cheater! RT : What a game and what a finish today (despite the loss).
Another great voice lost, Donna Summer
Sky8 clocking gusts of 58 mph at ~1200 ft.
Will be helping the new University Archivist -- Casey Westerman acclimate to his new position this afternoon
Going to bed now, Night ^_^
is whats up : )
RT My friend who you met and hooked up the tickets tonight is waiting for your follow. > Here you go!
We are 17 Million Beliebers now. One Strong Family and im Proud to be a Part of it. To be a Fan of Justin drew Bieber is beyond amazing.
love your song put your hearts up :)
I liked TNT's Rizzoli & Isles better when it was called Cagney & Lacey and was twice as dyketastic.
I'm out! And fed up! No more nice guy! Ima keep them calling me CRAZY! That's what they love! So what up B I T C H!
There are times I feel this team is on the right track.
This guys haircut is so awful.... I think Mitt Romney was his barber!
sittin on my couch drinking coffee cudds(:
had a great time at moe's with and #twitterless hayley!
reet when you're best friend ignores you cause she doesn't wanna see you.
oh, rad, the america indian museum is by the reflecting pool. :-)
revived the #mancrush : ) that is totally cool ..... Wherever the love comes from...
sleep >.< why do people always screw me over ? whateverrre
So glad you liked and enjoyed it! That makes me happy :)
You feeling alright?
to scientists: you’re suspicious of simple answers but people don’t trust you when you hedge.
lol just read the exact same tweet from RT : Old song for me: 2007. Old song for my parents: 1475.
I would love to make you a beautiful star villian if I was to produce this script I am reading ha ha!! hope your day is great!
My weekend <<
Feats = personal daily achievements
It's December. Time for carols. /te
Gonna be home alone all night. TC party hollaaaa
I love to run, been slacking this weekend! Right back at it tomorrow !
I hope next Falling in Reverse album has less cheesy lyrics xD
licensed&ready to drive.
Same here man. I freaked the fuck out over that snippet.
I used to hang out there all of the time before it changed locations. Cool place and all of the bartenders were cool.
Do you need any help with Camtasia?
Everyone has that moment of heartbreak when your pet jumps off your bed and leaves the room.
Back on my feet, and making my next move, my best move!
it's the prom one?? YES! SO EXCITED NOW!! (:
Christopher Plummer may be walking on stage tonight to kick Billy Crystal's ass.
oh that makes perfect sense
Everyone IS wonderful! "And in time, and in time, we will all be STARS!"
We all wish Cody the best though and hope that he finds what he is looking for in life.
Hey, thanks! Great point. Maybe we'll do something special for this week's Beer:30.
My apartment smells like french toast right now and it's glorious.
is to do your HW
RT : #dc #spacetweeps was able to get table for 5 at Madames Organ feel free to join or they'll move our table. :-(
Totaled my car :(
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear - Self Destruction
the booking people don't email back :(
When Jefferson walked past the guy sweeping & motioned "shhh," that was a nod to "1 Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest," right??
Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain.
pancakes!!!! Yumm :D
very good choice! ;) we love that one as well!
I dunno, Per. That sounds like a lot of work... ;)
well im late
working on Mozee LP
Going to test out E Blue Burrito!
Some People need a Psych Eval before being allowed to procreate
Just heard the coolest story about promoter Bill Veeck from an 80-year-old customer at the store. LOVE IT when customers tell me stories!
ah, Josh that was terrible. Just give it up! #fortheloveofchris LOL!
don't tell the Internet, but I just solved a 5x5x5 rubik's cube without it
u say u know what a lady wants. Well this lady wants u to follow her
The good: my running pants are loose. The bad: they fell down. The ugly: most of 8th ave just saw my undergutchies...
Take your time. I'm not one to interfere with making a homemade pizza!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Plak Smacker Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
Thousands just standing around waiting for their ride to arrive. Police are diverting ALL traffic away from airport because of water main bk
or Lorenzo Llamas.
Sharp avatar!
i'll be there!
what about target OPI?!? Why is it the dark side??
when she writes her signature she really writes crew love
it's tonight she left already, fingers crossed “: :):) How did it go?”
This day has been fucking crazy dude
oh oh. My bad
Way to walk those runs in Cubs! Looking forward to a nice night. My training officially starts tomorrow. "Hard work and your dreams chase U"
yea i like what i see tonight. Even though its only one game. I hope they can play like this everynight.
im sorry to hear about you and corey yall look so cute together!
I can't believe the 76ers beat the top seeded Bulls in a 7-game series. I look forward to their 2nd round elimination. :P
Come on Nikki enough with the bum performance
CACI Reports Record Results for Its Fiscal 2012 Third Quarter
I know! You were definitely missed!
Too much hair on these boys heads
study found that when web readers are faced with tiny scroll bar, they just leave. Give word count, ability to download.
#Booksandbars Crazy things happening this evening. But not all of it is funny.
omg feline still didnt follow u :0
My curriculum vitae is going to have a piece of pepperoni and a smiley face on it and that should pretty much do the trick.
RIP Junior Seau
I am learning 20 minutes in Western Mass time means an hour. Plus, I am learning that it's probably time to give up sports writing.
I haven't been a student at for 20 years but I still want my alma-matter to win during
RT : Yup its ALL her fault!! Lol<--she was suppose to fix me lunch for today she fell asleep smh
. says university presses provide alternate locus of accreditation for emerging areas of inquiry
What?! Do it Rob RT: So True? So False? Will Rob Kardashian Move With Khloé and Lamar to Dallas?!
maybe let us check the schedule - I'm sure it will be great!
when does varsity play
This fight forever song got me in my feelings...this some bullshit, dope some...but some bullshit!
Always listen to mom... looks like Flo Allen's "red clay" has done wonders for Ray's ankle
Thanks Candy! Have a great one!
Let's go to the New Mexico State Fair
Love this article. I'll look for you in those same funky Lakewood coffee shops.
Hope they tightened up the rims for all the bricks you'll be throwing at it
So I'm tired #AF... Guess being up 23 hours is weighing on me... #WhereDaStarbucksAt????
I get an emotional rush when I watch the video of your X Factor audition. I can literally feel the hunger in your voice!
haha how funny. I have never made it. Was it easy to make?
Woohoo! I'm live :) RT check out our newest featured vendor and at weddingblush.com - Never Stop Blushing!
I think I have enough for a week! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
July 22 was huge day in history of Mid South (not Reed-Mantell) Event that changed MSW took place but NOT in MSW
yikes! That's a tough one! Is there wine? Or vodka? #drunkguyproblems Hahaha. Lametown, sd by far
Music teacher Susan Wesson just sang her deputation to the TO Council. 4 am and incredibly compelling.
you're welcome. ;-)
Anyone in the mood for the electric slide today?
RIP #WhitneyHouston. A very talented and very troubled lady.
Must suck to live in the Tsunami area of Japan...12 -4.5 - 5.5 earthquakes per day!
LOVE it! Thanks for the peek!
I love you.
: Going to the gym. How are you & your little man?
#AskPSanders whats your favorite state/city besides Chicago?
Remember, get your friends to like our page and win the $20 iTunes giftcard!
oh! Yeah. If you can thatd be so nice! Thanks.
did roc cut his hair
Why did the HVAC tech have licenses in different states? He heard that Freon changes states.
#6WordSciFiStory - Amongst the wreckage lie alien survivors.
Common core standards say that students should have access to and grapple with works of exceptional craft and thought. Lit in the classroom!
It is great to be back in LA--four auditions in my first three days back!
be glad you're not here. This is legitimately painful to watch.
I know omg
that's what's up
And lest we forget...! Thanks for the folo!!
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME
i love you i love you i lover you I sometimes say you never know but I remember never say never
i'm forever sour that the weirdo Glee Project reject is ruining 1D for me
That's disgusting on a couple of levels
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Dr. Fresh Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
AHA! I see the new ep online! Listening now.
We're here till 5!
You can't make that stuff up!
Someone is getting ready for the weekend! ;-)
Keep up the good fight....
baby got back is on the radio this is my suicide note
I fully support your cupcakes-for-dinner decision.
coffee is just as good. Just got on the plane, ATX ETA 1210. Plans this weekend?
Breaking a mirror is 7 yrs of bad luck. A broken condom is 18.
wow...it really does exist!
I'm never staying at your hotels. I had a reso and even called to confirm. You can't overbook like airlines!!!
ooh strawberry and banana - top notch cereal!
Happy reading!
We have changed but we're still the same and after all that we've been through ,i know we're cool ...
the show is friday jazzy dats wat i cant wait for
can't wait for hell week (finals) to end so that my blogging can start. in the meantime, celebrate #tyftuesday by following
u have zero sense off humor
If you're going to follow a beard, might we suggest this beard:
Happy Mother to my beautiful mom and all the moms in world!! <3
Lol Yes I Did And Np ill Insult You Anytime... Anytime
I'll miss you too! but thats good! goodluck!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> hope you have a great weekend (:
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers, the women that are a mother like figure to some, AND the dads that may be pulling double duty!
Thanks for the mention! :)
Today is Give to the Max Day. Show your support to our community and by making your donation today! --
Dos Rios Elementary fifth-graders get a hands-on education about archeology - Greeley Tribune
She felt the need to "enlighten" me through a fb message because she saw me as "innocent". Gotta love those socially ignorant hipster cunts.
ok brofers can we go on a mystery
Sure do! DM where to email it.
Up early & ready for talk at world trade center in rotterdam. Bldg not as big as othe wtc I've seen.
#iacrl2012 super excited to hear a library director say she wants to hire new #libraryschool grads
Have a wonderful Wednesday night!
I only like photos that look old. The look of the present is just so outdated!
I am amazed by all the #greatdeals at the mall today! I am so glad I made it out!
RT : My pet peeve about college hoops, the phantom offensive foul! RT : Horrible call.
glad someone text you! :)
ok coo
One of the many plusses of working in a small office is knowing exactly when all the girls take their daily dump.
Would love to see pics too!
Male oppression!!
Head on collision one week...kick ass concert the next.
C built roads, buildings, trails, campgrounds, did archeology too
When my dad gives me money to get food i always keep the change for my troubles.
My nose is so stuffed up I can't eat & breathe @ the same time
"Happiness Is A Warm Gun" Lennon considered this one of his favorites. It's also Paul McCartney's favorite song on The White Album.
going to the talent show tonight so ready video put on later.
Email us for special offers and getting started on your pick orders to win you some big money! is your answer!
so am I still the only interviewer who called it "Canadian Idol"? (oops)
Im drunk and high at the same time drinkin champagne on a airplane
My bad luck and bad decisions are in sync.
surrrrreeee, you're the trickster!!
How do you solve a problem like Princess Beatrice?: The princess can't find a job and Peter Phillips no longer h..
for real... although they could probably turn out with 4 players and win
If it isn't summer time it is very rare in Portland to wake up to sunshine, this could be a good day
Everyone please tune into Tonight at 9 pm and watch My favorite singer #BehindTheMusic documentary
Hope you dig it!
video would kinda bring the magic. A laptop webcam is ok. Earbuds would be good too to minimize feedback on your end.
Back on track...
oh good what are you doing fathers day weekend? Road trip? :)
Just found out I am rubbing one of our network set-up people the wrong way. Well, stop being incompetent and I will stop complaining.
Karma is a bitch, but let's hope that bitch is beautiful <3
All that stress and worry, and it turned out great anyway, again.
I was wondering when youd get to the R's! What good (if rand.) company!
that is awful what other petty crime is happening at her school?
where's my macaroni yam
At The Landmark cinema alone. This love-seat set up is creepy. Call me old fashion, I don't like seeing people laying down at the movies...
So you're willing to through me under the bus to save your own ass...what a friend
it's the little imperfections
I'm not complaining though. They smell nice.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
THE PLAN: Eat dinner in Louisiana tonight. What should my dad and I eat? Crayfish? Gumbo? A po' boy? All of the above?
Packing my life away ...
We got Black Ops poppin off tonight come get some. Tournaments to come soon.
Back to back #oasis songs on the radio followed by #wallflowers , Thank you radio for that audio treat.
Messi you fucked up big time
1 day after my 1st day back N the gym n as suspected, I'm sore as fuck <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>!!!
i'm totally confused :p
Soo, Human Centipede 2 sucked ass...literally. Let down.
where you been? You better come to jacobs friday night !
Playing a round tonight at 8 pm with the lovely and talented Ashley E Norton, and KelleyAnn Hocter at Rooster's Barbecue! Come on out!!!
"life without art is stupid"
hey Austin please RT #RN20 it's for my best friend who took his life Sunday it would mean alot
Holden Ray is completely my inspiration!!! Omg
Tip: A reliable contractor will work with you to resolve any issues.
Not everything can or should be saved. And we need to identify our data stewardship role.
Ol faithful WSHH
Just be here now.
Faith is the fuel behind the action you take.
My names Chris: Math enthusiast, Bad Ass MC.
was it bad?
i would really appreciate it if accepted my re-friend request. it's getting old when i try to creep and everything is blocked ;)
or a damn ugly crain
hii :) please follow! we r big fansd from new york city! Happy new year :) xx from Rena and Gabby
I do not trust the rapid speed at which I am progressing through this chapter.
say what's up and will link up soon, bless up lions.
let's see if our dog can get a higher score than me by June
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards
Good for you! I need to start running again.
RT : Another Day, Another dollar is just not enough
U of M study finds "a scarcity of college men leads women to choose briefcase over baby"... Umm... no kidding?
Finally Iguodala drives it, please no more Lou Williams threes
John Harrison Opera Foundation pres. Renée Fleming in Strauss’ Der Rosenkavalier today at 2PM. Public is invited & admission is free.
So where is the role of state and national #nursing orgs?
It's almost time...Glitch Mob member, KRADDY this Sat night 1/22. And it gets better: Skeetones open! Also playing, DJxNightmare! 830PM $10
I know I'm not there yet, but I'm closer than yesterday.
“You cannot keep the status quo in place and not call anything [Social Security]other than a Ponzi scheme.” --Rick Perry
set sum time up for us this week an tell what day an I'm up there bruh
weekly phone calls with implementation team & testing staff; on site visits & workshops w/Ex Libris staff; feedback submission
Mockingjay by Suzanne Collins.
Hope I'm still working out in 40 years.
I love Fishers Pediatric Dentistry for employing kind people and having one tech available to hold my son's hands during scary procedures! #
Where oh where has my live set gone? Where oh where could he be? With his super neat clicks n really hip drones. Where oh where could he be?
Insurance markets are responding. Markets are rising. Deals in 2010!
yer sweet. x
these kids couldnt get any more hyper
good luck, ladies.
"Came from nothin & I refuse 2 go back...."
yes ma'am! "Your Love Never Fails" #JesusCulture "Revelation Song" #KariJobe, "Marvelous Light"
Awkward eye contact in the hallway >
sorry. That's as much as we know. Like that it's coy though.
How do others deal with the sound of my voice?!?!?! (Is that what I actually sound like???)
no the one thats usually there!
To be clear, I love our girls unconditionally. And I love Family Trips, I spent my last b-day with them. Just not a vacation.
Early morning finance class with the devil.
I thought it was cute, reinforces the aw-shucks-ness of it all
hi Amy just wanted to say my wife and I love u. My wife use to work for melrose coop bank. She took care of grampa Carl
What if I posted a video every day this week on my main channel?
happy birthday
Have I ever told you how much I love my new laptop case? The person who gave it to me is awesome. You should meet her.
what's a #couldawouldaplayer? NBA guys who coulda been/woulda been HOF'ers if not for injury or circumstance
Happiness is the goal for all of us everyday. If u have a bad day know someone is there for u. When you want to vent I am there for U.
Q: What's your New Years Resolution?
They have the video. Omg lol
She sayin all the stuff I can fix. But I ain't gon go offsides and mess up the play for something idk the result of...if that makes sense <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
ah, but there is where we come apart. Forca Barca!
Good Morning tweets, I just want to thank all my followers new and old and I really appreciate it!!!
Nerve impulses to and from the brain travel as fast as 170 miles (274 km) per hour.
simply impossible to go wrong with shakespeare :) you're in SFO atm, right? what you up to?
Thx for fabulously chill last minute getaway! Xoxo! ;)
Hey all you Rascal Flatts fans..Just announced today they are desinging their own clothing line. Keep u posted as to where they will be sold
RT : Very interesting keynote by Bart van Leeuwen... firefighting & Semantic web.
12 hours of sleep and i almost feel like a normal person again. going to be a functioning member of society now
Get my new camera this week =D been waiting forevers (camera's r too expensive)
How did they even know the number?
Is it bad that I have a Texas song stuck in my head?
omg! You wrote in Spanish! but .. I don't understand what you mean with "Se amo numero uno" lol
Makin momma so proud that she cryin.
Dear loud talker on quiet car: SHUT UP!!!!
Biyumbo = Ben Wallace?
are you calling my face awkward?
the idol singers?
IDGAF I JUST CAME TO PARTYY! yup that's my life now c: just gonna have fun, thats all it takes to be satisfied c:!
Kick off SPRING BREAK and an SDSU WIN! *Specials* Buy ANY UV Tan for $9.33! 5-packs of Tans on SALE! SDSU students get 30% OFF ANY one item!
Yes. Let's get together soon. When are you going to be in the area again? DM me and let me know.
In the trainers office... Could be more serious than I thought ! D:
Fingerprints like an album! "Every record that you do man, is so different in every way." - Jerry Cantrell
Pist of from last night......wtf
I think they put Panda tears in the food at Panda express, your always sad after eating that crap...
you did just fine... LOL
barring injury or alien abduction, it's Yani wins vs anybody in win count.
Nice getting to hang with the Nana for a little bit today
Watching Now. Way to go Sam. Loved the video!
“We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.”
my sister better get home soon or shes gonna be in even more trouble ._.
I'll never be with anyone so I think she needs to calm down
I'm drunk and that's plenty interesting to me
forecast is for lots of traffic and asshole drivers today
I nearby declare that all further film sets I work on must have a masseuse on hand :p
#edshow Romney has buckled under to several right wing groups/ individuals. What makes anyone think he'll stand up for America?
#BestRapperAlive ..... um.... Do you mean the people who write their lines for them?
Yep - see you there!
you know its true[:
oh Jesus I'm soo exited!!!(: I love you do much!!!!(: <3333333
Use #EDGEPUBLIC for this weekend's performances at Woodruff Park, see you before 6!
yes, I don't enjoy it...
hey, that could fun
The pain goes up the left & the right still and I don't know why
- I believe having access to a persons page by friending is more than adequate. Disclosing all handles on a resume is an option too.
oh no doubt, that would be illy
New Year, New Calendar, New Organization! Hello from Colorado Firefighter Calendar, Inc. Watch this evening's news for details.
Come on down to the Farm tomorrow for Thankful Thursdays, any two top-shelf grams for a $30 donation. Look forward to seeing you all.
Absolutely! Watches are definitely #Jewelry!
LOL, MY DAD YELLED AT ME BECAUSE I HAD #SAYSOMETHIN TURNED ALL THE WAY UP WHEN HE WAS TRYING TO SLEEP. IT WAS WORTH IT(;
Few people have the virtue to withstand the highest bidder. -George Washington
REBEL u tweetin in science class bahah
I just wanna smoke weed and buy shoes!!!!
WE ARE CASTING...'Bored to Death 'an American comedy on HBO. The show stars Ted Danson as George! Call 212-391-4668
#fox13gmm I also think its arriving on the queen...
I told you Twitter's bein' a queer !
I need to start running again. Maybe we should do that.
lol I got bars but I don't serve drinks
just na getting in the house, i had a wonderful night ! just wish he was here to tuck me in like he did before afterwards ! l0l mhmm
do I know this person?(:
Ah you guys are gonna be amazing!! Id rather have a team of stars lighting up the court, than one star carrying the team!
Feels good to smile again.(:
How can a book topping the New York Times best seller list be not yet published?
Hey Leona Happy Belated Birthday to you.-Douglass Gibran
Today = better than yesterday. But still not great..
Bored <U+2192> Goes to kitchen <U+2192> Opens fridge <U+2192> Looks inside <U+2192> Leaves empty handed .
": #ItsFunny your girlfriend's taller than you.." everyone is taller than me lol
are you international? Foreign markets will eat you up....
No one better for me than you Danorush02, I will wait!!!! Come back when you are done playing around and I will make you happy!!!
#20ThingsAboutMe 10. I'm such a boy, even though I'm not. Looks like a girl, acts like a boy, that's pretty much me.
Need a better solution for your digital library/content management? Send me an email. We'd love to help!
The Kartrashains won best #webseries at The New York International Film Fest! Let's celebrate!!!
ikr...she gon be a beast when she get that age too...i know she is...
hot mouth <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
flying back in an hour
when we put resource online, a million people can read it at same time - they don't have to compete for access.
Mention Twitter or FB & receive 15% off(offer excludes tobacco products, cigars, & Kratom)
Agreed about the full fat dairy. It really does make a difference in the final results.
and he did just that!
made mistake of opening on iGadget. My god your fingers could accidentally land ANYWHERE. Will ck later on Big Girl computer
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Am you gay?
i would but i dont think you'll have any room with all the clothes lol
RT : Shouts outs to thanks Latrellhart
RT : RT : R.I.P to the 7 year old girl that was raped and found dead in a dumpster. RT to say the same . smh hal ...
Got it! I'm running off to a picnic so I'll have to look at it later, but thanks!
Does Wegman's have no smaller-scale urban model? I've only been to them out in the country + wasn't impressed.
Alright I think they're ready for it... They've been so good... You ready?
you're Swag :P
#Depression. Cady is not here.
Got my daily email reminder from my fitness meal tracker website....while I was eating a cookie.
Women in the Virgin Islands are umm umm good
what you throwing 3K on? lol
What color were you expecting?
is there any VIP TICKETS FOR TAMPA!! need 2 know!!
Ask advice from everyone, even your customers.
I have an appointment with John Casablancas modeling and acting agency (cross your fingers on that one) and just got back
Goal for 2010 - Get a branded video. Do you have yours yet?
OH FUCK HERE IT COMES.
|#quotes Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or it's not going to get the business.
have you ever tried a pimento burger?
I like the new speedy WR Travis Benjamin from Miami U
Some Ppl Abuse The Power They Have When They Kno Someone Loves Them..!!
u already know what's good
long time no see!
Who's making a resolution for 2012? Tell us what you resolve to do in the New Year!
I want some Batman plugs! :D
Do you see a fun carnival on Mira Mesa where the high school is? That looks fun and hopefully the rain won't upset when it's begun.
I feel bad..
I've prayed for this moment to WITNESS these two on the same PUBLIC platform Get Ready, Ya'll! Iron sharpeneth iron!
There are no extra pieces in the universe. Everyone is here because one has a place to fill, every piece must fit itself into big puzzle.
So good seeing you this morning - and finally meeting Hazel! She's just as cute as can be :)
#moviesstarrinbinlaaden Weekend at Barry's
Drop everything now, meet me in the pouring rain, kiss me on the sidewalk, take away the pain. -Taylor Swift
waiting patiently for #WorldSeries game 7
HELL YES! Roast of Charlie Sheen tonight! Sorry 2.5 men...no ratings for you.
Started using Soul Cards to get spiritual messages instead of tarot. intuition is stronger without the history. does it work for you?
in the LALS class I was teaching
Yeah Kelly
Never underestimate the power of a FOLLOW-UP call/email/text... worst that can happen is that YOU MAKE SOMETHING HAPPEN- toward your goal. <U+2600>
i'm sorry that i accidentally hit you in your private parts yesterday -__-
you mean who isn't reading it!
Sucks staying up late everyone falls asleep on you,welp at least I got my country music
me neither
Who cares what straight people think?
already got Tix.
Look for us at the MJS Sports Show this weekend! We're at the Outdoor Wisconsin booth.
And if it weren't for the Brits the pickings wouldn't be so grand.
#raw10 the Eagles/Vick is whooping the Cowboys like theyr shaved head step-children wit no Future...
Kind of miss my tweets but not enough to be sucked back in. Carry on and do good!
no better place to practice your dance moves than Top Notch Bboy battle, today at Atlas Theatre H St
no sass in her courtroom mm m *sassy finger wave*
Did some1 say shenanigans?love those- even if they require clean up $ @ sumnermusolf
Thank you ;)
Snowing in the big city...time for a movie, Truffle Popcorn and bubbly!
GOT MY TICKETS GOT MY TICKETS GOT MY TICKETS.
That gurl dropped me off at work really early and now Idk what ii do till the time cuz i board
I don't care how fucking annoying it is. I am about I add "yolo" to the end of every sentence just because I fucking can.
J.R. Smith in South Beach with no basketball left to be played. Do I have to say anything else?
I wasn't felling my best today. I've been up since 2:30am and I didn't eat. It showed in the road race
men don't notice what they got. and women think of that alot.
There will be a few t-shwrs around today, most southeast.
I feel so left out having not read the book.... *tear* LOL!
I feel like one of the people in Left Behind that gets left behind. #whyamistillhere?!
Great Hal! RT : Ok...I just signed up for my invitation to Bublish!
Lower 40 hitting the stage tonight, with our Thunder storming LA in game 3.. Come root them on, game starts at 930!
You can tell she's a good dancer by the way she drinks her soda pop.
Doesen't count: that was hiring within ;)
We'll give this new TCM doc a look (tho we fear it'll feature more recent films than we'd like). It airs tonite at 8 ET....
NP thats what we are here for
The LA Flood Project locative writers have chosen a name: LAinundacion!
got a record for u brother!
My lovers name is sleep and I get some every night. ;)
Steve Christie of the #BuffaloBills chatting with us now on
“The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.” – Marcel Proust
It's not not wrong to take your mom to a casino on mothers day right? Oops.
Rotchild is in the studio tonight.... You wouldnt believe your ears.... Be on the lookout for Rm12's first collab mixtape due late march....
Henderson is actually a decent right back
Congrats to for a fantastic year! Extra special props to ! You're amazing!
thank ya ma'am. hope it wasnt you causing them blackouts at the SF/PIT game, hahaha
Making cash moneys tonight
8 mile movie tonight.
If Tiger Woods has to lose his sponsors and walk away from job because of his PERSONAL marital issues
Kinda feel bad for the Mavs...they gave us a lot of memories from last year
Press conference at 1pm, wonder if Elway/Fox/Manning will be in the building at 5:30pm when I'm there for the tour???
i would of cried waving bye smh
I'm going to be on vacation until Sunday. What are you up to and planning?
dropped it on the street :( I'm like fucking devastated
it's so cold in my house. time to break out 's comfy notre dame hoodie :)
4sq day is nice and all, but it doesn't help the #mw2012 hangover for me.
Come on people.... Fat is NOT I repeat NOT SEXY!! Cover it up!
Lovely spring day we're having...
Our pleasure!
. - house on an "all out assault on the health and wellbeing of women and families in america"
follow me kidd!
i can't wait for the teen choice awards im all ready got my dress and cameron and twitter! :'} mmhm im all ready sunday babe
Traffic sucks ass
have to give a presentation on Sat. Haven't yet written it. Working on digital history project instead. Much more fun!
Even blind people can see my swag
Can't believe there is still a phonebooth! RT : There are two tickets for the show in NYC tonight in a phone booth at the ...
Ha. ": If she ain't BMW material, don't put milk in her cereal"
What were some cool, unique or funny costumes you saw over Halloween?
that place is YUMCITY
I have to listen to it a bajillion time a day :P I remember being obsessed with Party Rock Anthem during guard season haha
Floggings. Work faster!
Picking romney over Ron Paul is like a $50 mil bet on Tonya Harding in a fight against Anderson Silva; or like putting make on zoo animals
whats good bro
okay that's cool, just let me know when
APUSH test Friday
you too (:
RT Sen. Nan Rich: "I much prefer to be a champion of the middle class than the insurance industry."
Don't skimp on lasagna, the best meal ever thought of ..... Ever!!!
Wow! You HATE me?! Wait. . . Who are you again?"
Hi Janet! I'm moving to Carlsbad next week, maybe I'll meet you at SDRWA. I'm thinking of trying it out. With Orange County now.
Good morning lovely and the same to you:)!
A merger of IGN-UGO is being considered?!
Just pre-ordered 's The Shape of Design!
NO. You don't. trust me. It will end in tears.
Yes, some are.
will sit in right field, throw underoos at
I text in the shower. That's probably why my phone is so fuckered up
lmao. i thought that too
Getting ready for the Linkage Fee hearing. Hoping Friday's terrible jobs report weighs heavily on council before increasing this jobs tax!
and YES! Measurements are vastly more useful than having to try to figure out what they consider a size to be.
20 years ago today I lost my dad but my #orioles are keeping me cheered up today. All my loyalty is paying off. Finally.
Kind of creepy that Gmail noticed I used the word "attached" w/o having an attachment and asked if it was a mistake.
#ASTD2012 "good is the enemy of great" ~ Jim Collins
Cops are everywhere right now. Don't speed. Or tweet while driving, like I am.
Good luck Lobos. RT : it should be a really good game
Wednesday? It's kind of a weekly deal.
My neos are OWT!!! Congratulations to my Spring 12' Delta Zeta women of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc!!!
Very long and tiring weekend. Still trying to let yesterday settle in.
Thanks Jeremy! We know Jackie will do great!
How long have you been a Fit2Go customer?
I have already submitted yours a few times because you're a beast.
The man who has no imagination has no wings
re: cheer for the underdog
Back on the code wagon.
Via #BlendedLearning is f2f enhanced online course. Can be best/worst of both worlds.
Reading a fun book & drinking a beer with the on in the background. *sigh* :)
Hey Guys! Thanks for Liking the Page make sure you guys stay tuned so you can see all the fun things we've up too!
WTF HAPPENED GUYS
Bought a pair of child's XL shorts instead of an adult size and saved myself $10
lol. I hope u can live with yourself through the day
D. Willis has ALWAYS been a better NL pitcher than AL this would be worth a shot... don't trade prospects for him just Suppan
You can now text-to-give to Christel House! Donate $10 by texting HANDS to 20222. 100% goes to the kids! RT to spread the word!
why are you rooting for Chelsea? Seriously?
lmao at Ohio St
idk how true this is for me lol “: #Leos are the first to admit when they drunk, cause they usually in control”
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay When you can truly convince me that I am beautiful.
U Gunna b #hater cuzz you can't find a bettA job
ha. Nice to meet you as well. It was a fun evening.
Harden shouldn't be playing, especially with a headache.
women do to ma
Very true.
RT : Teen Wolf RT : When's the last time someone had a stat line like Rondo's today? I need answers.
I hope so! I doubt the cast will be intact though. Thinking Meredith will stay in Seattle, but Christina won't.
Like us on FB and see our latest Broadway by the Year pics!
Hey Kim where you been? How's Toronto? Spring I hope.
God... who's the heifer that just ate 3 donuts!
No matter how strong a person says that they are, they are fragile when it comes to their heart<3
Our website is currently down. Please feel free to contact us at 404 523 2739.
.RT : Green jobs are good jobs! See #jobs21 and for more on "good green paychecks."
I have faith that everything happens for a reason and that before I notice, this too shall pass.
I follows back lol
RT : CUNY Tow-Knight Center opening, Google's Marissa Mayer share 3 core operating principles: transparency, choice and control.
May potluck? Looking forward to it!
Looks like the #Louisville 2nd half strategy is
Layin down , with my doggy (;
What the fuck are you even talking about..
oh yea buddy
Somebody throwing hands in the Carter.
luv a girl that can cook ...
#FF follow the genital wart on the dick head of humanity
repeat and wash!!!!
“: How do you fall out of a car though? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>”open the door
thanks for this wonderful quote from Maurice Sendak.
#FBLT - Distributor of Decorative & Industrial Plastic Sheets, Robs, Tubes, & Clear Plastic Hurricane Shutters -...
I know and she is so proud of you... SN: she changed mine too :)
Wow that's awesome, I can't see a thing!
Great dinner and bar experience tonight. Thanks Alex for a wonderful experience.
Coming off yesterday's 9-3 win over Atlanta, Pirates play St. Louis tonight 8:15 (ROOT) ...
:) what do you have going on today?
I'm playing nba2k11 my player
Good morning! Have a great day!
LaLo!! I'm learning how to use this Shit!! LoL
One of my favorites: Super Sad True Love Story by Gary Shteyngart, about a future your students are living.
Doesn't a piece of Chocolate Raspberry Truffle Cake sound great? Stop by Firehook Bakery and enjoy a piece of heaven today!
Then listen on the computer.
indeed, but we're out of oj
An insightful series by a wonderfully savvy #teacher On Data Series finished! bit.ly/qOnrDq
Have a safe flight :)
You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it. – Charles Buxton
JUST BE CAME KING LOL TXT IT!!!!! #Theonetimeintheatreclass Hahah
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging is a great way for businesses to keep clients up to date $ to build a client experience
Think strong and bold when it comes to your goals and never mind haters you have what it takes to create the life that you want to live.
Summer, Can you please come a little faster?
It's a miracle: I'm on the bus on the way to work before 9am. So naturally the bus just broke.
So many union members aren't in line with union bosses. It's like they need a union to protect them from their union.
My Body Is Ready For Boyfriend Video
I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food
Thanks! Everything worked out!
#icantlivewithout MY COMPUTER!!
Another officer-involved shooting this time Salem. Both a Woodburn policeman and suspect shot. Both should be OK. Still many questions
Apparently Vince Young will be the next JP Losman...
I haven't seen WSS since I was a kid. Liked it then. Might have to watch it again.
Whatever you want - go for it. Just be certain that you have God's covering. Because with that assurance, you will hit the mark each time.
Whew... Our email service has been restored! Thanks for your patience.
Trivia tonight at 7 And #Franconia pint night!
VIVO searchlight will mine Web publications and show you individuals with similar expertise + simplifies your Web presence
I'm following them now lol XP
I'm definitely gonna be seeing you in Fay! (:
Ancient Egyptians shaved off their eyebrows to mourn the deaths of their cats.
Now I'm not one to brag, but this sopa de pollo y pozole I made for the #mexicancookoff today is amazing.
Agreed! Plenty of H2O is essential!
“: Playing some madden with my guy joe mendo”hunter told me u suck.
: & are right! There's nothing like the beauty and magic of Hana, Maui. But hey, we might be biased.
GET 50% OFF today!!! USE code CLE50 at check out! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
RT : Gov. #TomRidge: "Investing in the #IntlBudget is in our economic interests. It's in our interest to be engaged in the world."
Worried that goats are missing him while he's in Vegas
u welcome
There is an opera singer on my floor at the hotel who practices (warms up? trains?) in the mornings.
Need new texting buddies! Anyone?
Flying to Kc for my pops birthday. He don't even know yet
Ha ha!!! That's wassup!!
Had a lot of fun being part of tonigh's #iaawest panel, thanks for having me!
Starting off on scout is a good way to move up!
I always wanted a brother to have a beer with. Only boy here but my sister is a big ol lesbian, does that count?
how is that depressing?
more them 40% of people who jump the hoan and hit the water survive...just hope you don't get stuck in the mud
Up in the Big Studio Grinding with were about to heat this summer up
Sierra Club calls on Rockefeller to stop coal ash amendment - State Journal
THANK YOU! :)
Just scored a great interview with on the Obama gay marriage announcement... post TK!!
Sen Leising - needs to be a better way to punish students than a free vacation
I am ready for some
Whoo! Just like that Day One of #SDCChi is over. Looking forward to tomorrow!
Training can absolutely help the bottom line. The trick is having that mindset when designing training programs.
is speaking the truth right now
is on a twitter rampage!!!
Maybe the mouse needed it more than you? I guess that means it is time to take my food home every day, huh?
Turn to your local PBS station and see some of out skaters live on tv!
my family is too sweet
pizza's never a good choice if you wanna stay fit tho :P
hey fluffy vato I kno a place for some bomb azz #Tacos when ur here in #Denver ill buy just hit me up
Central Coast Marathon: Course PB « A One-Live Cat&#39;s Life
that shirt is super cute! #AKapproved :)
Are there any cloud-computing technologies you or your company are using?
Ok so we've retweeted a lot of great resources and info on school uniforms, tell us what you think? Coupons coming soon!
strech before you get down.. s Duh
Thanks, Lyne. Hope you're doing well. I'm going to miss you guys in CA this year!
CSI&#39;s New Program Opens New Possibilities in Baking and Pastry Arts
Happy New Year to all of my old friends and all of my new ones. Thanks for a great year! On to 2012, because it is going to be INCREDIBLE!
there was a word blank section, the little math part, and then you just had to say whether the things decreased or increased!
Staff pet portraits this morning for part of a Public Engagement project. Many cute dogs. Word is a hamster is on the way.
Shuffle board gets nasty? RT Santorum just said the shuffle board game is "getting nasty now"
it's too early for these sex chat commercials..moms coming downstairs thinkn I'm watching porn lol
Smokin weed makes the pain go away
i need a twitter friend to..so hi
#WeAllNeed alone time with chocolate
Looks killer! What are hammer strength though?
Would have been cool to see! ": Jennerstown WAS a sweet dirt track until about 1987 #HomeTrack"
lucky so where do u live?
The first ever #AnthonyShadid award for Journalism Ethics will be given out at the end of an outstanding #uwethics conference.
LMAO! You should see him on the high dive!
Don't judge my journey until you've walked my path
I'd do anything to make you feel my love.
Done with work.
Drinks with good friends.
Hey! New acct. - hope you're having a great time w/fam in NJ!
Representing the #EliteHoopsfam well in every workout is #LivingByNumbers obsessed
Anybody out there get to see the Supermoon- or any moon at all last night? Nothing but clouds here.
What a crazy morning. I want a do-over! Starting w/ a breakfast from #SUBWAY. How are you all?
Whoa I suddenly became R E A L L Y _ T I R E D
Sure, please email Yu Sze at the School of Management at this email: ysang [at] nyit [dot] edu. Hope that helps...best of luck!
Jobless claims are at the lowest levels in 4 years and the S&P closed at the highest level in 4 years.
The Marq (Austin, Tx) Tonight. 5th n Congress. I Hit the decks at 10p.m. See you there.
Mr Sean Hannity, you are dispicable. Im a Constitutional conservative in support of the Occupy Movement
At some point in between now and Saturday morning, need to get out and find a pair of tennis sneakers that fit; current pair is shredded.
Mojo's World is waiting for YOU!!!! :)
I got your cd today woohoo
where did u buy that?!
and lots of fun and shenanigans will commence. :)
I would like to sit down and talk to you more about your efforts in Baltimore City. Can you DM your email?
Love how puts it all out there ha ha
How do you - IT followers of ours - find product and marketing content that is relevant to you & your purchase timeframe? How can we help?!
the suits in NC are a bunch of punks... they been hating on us for years. Let's go somewhere else.
Thanks for your support! We appreciate it.
I will be posting the interview from this morning later this afternoon! Thanks for coming on, Arthur!
Very sad Vincent D'Onofrio & others not returning for Law&Order:CI. Loved that character. Golblum will have to step up or jump the shark
I was also concerned when I first saw Up. But at least they got the sad part out of the way early.
Hm, I need a cuddle x
I am bro, the heat will win, watch.
Like its kindred, the pickle. Except this was a full-size cucumber.
How is Young fitting in with the Coogs?
"I will permit no man to narrow and degrade my soul by making me hate them" "forgive your enemies bt never forget their names"
Om have mercy save me from the public. This has been one crazy day in the CR. Computers full, kid needing help w/ science project - GAH!
Day of Silence was pretty good
I will never say never (never never never) Um ok how many times are you gonna say never before you stop saying never ???
Go Follow ASAP #teamblackhouse-->
Yay! Thanks for the follow :) I'll start juggling, yes sir! Time for a drink too.Yes I can juggle while drinking.
Everyone go follow and get her to 36k!<3 :)
Well looks like David Ortiz was on the Juice too. Damn. Maybe everyone will give him a free ride like Manny.
Thanks for the mention!
I love late research papers. Is it Friday yet?
weird...and pretty amazing. who could be friends w/ that guy and not say...shave ur brows yo!
I like this pic of you. Very Pretty.
Just submitted my proposal for #saa12's Student Poster Session. Keep your fingers crossed for me! #doyouhearthatarchivesgods?
idk I was hoping we could hang out someplace fun & if you could wear your batman t-shirt;) <3
He who is proficient is learning, but deficient in morals, is more deficient than proficient.
yay, back at you:)
Baby's soccer game again tonight! <U+E018>
4 ppl (incl.h ) re: #China & #Chen when U say this is a sad day 4 freedom do U recant UR wishes 4 #Cuba 2 return #AssataShakur?
I'm sure you aren't surprised that Kris Humphries & Kim Kardashian are divorcing but are you surprised Kim is the one filing for divorce?
great movie.. Devil Wears Prada...
We hope everyone has been staying warm this winter! Love you guys!!
Ouch! I think it likes the lavender scented candle I light in my office.
So Justin hit a paparazzi with his book bag for interrupting his convo with a fan? Hfinwloknfhfjb NEVER MESS WITH BIEBS.(;
ass beating? (:
if anything you were mean to me </333 but thank you for that tweet main that was nice .
lol guess what's on tomorrows list lol
I CANT STOP SHAKING OMG 35 MORE MINUTES
Do you believe in unicorns ? How do you feel about penguins ? Ohh and Kangeroos ??? :p
#WordPress #Tools AWSOM Pixgallery – Designed to allow artists and webcomic creators to create a portfolio of their artwork.
You never realize how much you love someone until they're actually gone.
You can't buy love, but you pay heavily for it.
fell asleep on me... What a girlfriend...
nice meeting you too! Im gonna check out your stuff for sure!
Insanity day 2 = dead!
Tempted by the fruit of another..
Reserve & Small Batch Wines are Open Today at Grove! Reserve Chard, Ensemble, Syrah, Malbec, etc. can b tasted 4 price of regular tasting.
Hey girl! You've got our support, We're a producing company. I'd like to invite you to follow our page!
Trust your husband, adore your husband, and get as much as you can in your own name. - Joan Rivers
Postponing a fight is not abandoning it. Progressives have become complacent, naive.
Hey Tori. can you by chance email me? I need to ask u something.
Next time I'm just going to answer & go off
where dem based boys
you got an amazing voice :)
This is a fact. RT : Men with long hair typically have better style.
asdfghjkldsx i get to see my girlfriend tomorrow! we're going to firewheel! :))
It's May when are you coming here ?!
My dad just had the WORST voice crack ever! Hahahaaaahahahah
We've got a running clock here, heading to the 4th: Arapahoe 12, Monarch 0 in the boys lax quarters.
Grand Rapids - I love drinking all your PBR
$SYNC at 10.52 after hours... dammit, should've held my position at 9.57... oh well. It's on my watchlist for tomorrow for sure!
Don't tell anyone I pay you to say these nice things. :)
I love you, everythings gonna be alright :,)
She can't see the way your eyes light up when you smile.
pineapple, pear, lime or same recipe but add kale
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves
The female brain is much more adept at reading the emotions and expressions of others
You're welcome friend! Didn't want to leave you out ;)
Good Morning! Yesterday was a beautiful day! Planted Spinach in greenhouse & trimmed plants in butterfly garden. Today is beautiful too!
the enemy hates the LIGHT. BLESSED ARE YE WHEN YOU ARE PERSECUTED FOR GOD'S SAKE.
I loved that book! Great choice.
here I always thought I was cool cause I knew it. thanks for bursting my bubble.
Thanks for the follow, nice to meet you
Good to have ya back RT : Feels good to be back in #BBN!
Hm. I love Bryant Park & summer movies & concerts! But I LOVE Brooklyn Bridge. The bridge is stationary poetry.:-)
"A Man's Heart Plans His Ways, But The Lord Directs His Steps." -Proverbs 16:9
I have "You're A Jerk" stuck in my head! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Ok. This is set up for all my clients to log workouts and general questions. But the games gonna start and gotta watch my packers kick butt!
Hope you stayed till the end
COOL - that will keep the Cops in DC busy as many from ADAPT were arrested in the Cannon Bldg.
Some days you just wake up and ask yourself "where the hell did I leave my cape?"
“: Just tried the pork belly AND jerk chicken at #baoPDX... So juicy and tender. Keep it coming !” thank you, sir!
I mean, he wrote Moments, which makes me want to cry my eyes out, which I mean in the best way possible.
Wishing everyone safe travels home from NOLA and #sla2010!
Congrats on becoming Communications Vice President! #transitiontime :)
Darby lived up here in Indy for a few years while her hubby finished med school. Went to my church! :)
is amazing. But oi. The gift shop = dangerous.
that's the spirt! :D
you are slippin on the recruiting, no lie.
plane ticket on me, guest bedroom open?
Dressed in all black today.
Sitting here bu ashley.
I love u
LOL why you jumping around? :L
Scary harbinger for my paper in 2 hours: Pages autocorrected "digital pedagogy" to "digitalis agh." Should I just give up now? #
#beenThere --->>> “: The awkward moment when you say good night on twitter but don't stop tweeting.”
:) you can't hate me because everybody loves me
Thanks lady.
"hairs to you" Lisa Shrigley (as I raise my glass of gold coins)
miss my brother.
Tending Topic Chief Keef Ft Soulja boy
Here we go Jet
wait until you see JT diving save last night.
I look forward to your tweets! Yes, please come by and check us out. In addition to facials and waxing, we offer nail care too!
im like on some excitement ish like they my lil bros...
Chillin bouta get in traffic, wit Mamiv an Ms.Chocolate drop Leah lmao! What are y'all doin???
Thank you for introducing me to Clementine paints! Sigal loves them
i just really love when you ignore me..
unless it strikes you
For media. Fox sports will have on net.
OMG! just blocked a 3 being shot by...A SEVEN FOOTER!!! WOW!!!
Madison Public Library Video Game Championship TONIGHT @ Goodman Community Center! Come cheer on all the great Teen Participants!!
Your face is just fine, but you might want to put a bag over that personality.
Wow!! Tweet the NYT link when it's out!
Bones Jones real deal
Heading to PHX in the AM. Ready to do work style with San Diego's Newest #TeamCREW's team mate Jessica R!
Just signed up for a floral trends class at Phipps Conservatory!
T^T This makes me so sad. RT : Way too many women in paris wear uggs
Our Mission is to be a leader in the fight against breast cancer while providing the highest quality nutritional supplements.
hmm not your average sighting downtown...
"I'm sure it has already reproduced by now, and there's millions of them in our house!" "That's Chinese people, not spiders." xDDD
Live Nation&#39;s Kick-Ass Concert Calendar Recommends You Gigs ...
I'm glad u beat Natasha up and I still got the video that you wanted me to record that's what u get natasha u fucking bitch
Bro thanks a lot for last night! We owe you big time!
everyone hates fanny pak jesus
RT: Tomorrow's #mediachat guest is and topic will be SM from a
does this defining silence mean nothing to no one but me
oh aiat this is why i love you XD <3
March is Natl Athletic Trainer Month. has 62 serving many D1 schools in bball. Can u use them for tourney?
Merry Christmas to you!
I have to admit that I miss having snow on the ground today... Merry Christmas.
wondering if you could help market our one chance initiative apparel. WWW.brotherapparel.com
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Smokin a fat one watchin Avengers
EVERYONE LOVE SOMEONE.
posting a million different statuses when it rains ONE day .
Listening to The Shins new album streaming in iTunes.
LOL my phone broke
Im waiting for you to tweet the link for your music vidoe!(: #WhatsTheHoldUp ? (: lol <33 follow me?
Of course! You don't have to worry bout the dress tho ;-)
Sun going down. Birds singing songs of thanks for the end of a scorching day. If I could sing, I'd join them...
There is still time to enjoy get your ticket to the BINGO extravaganza! Up to $2,450 in prizes. You may even see Peter Cottontail come...
Great connecting with city/county managers at #ICMA Annual Conference. ALA is at Booth 731, and I'm presenting tomorrow p.m.
Officially on vacation!
RIP Adam Yauch :(
Hope to see you soon! :) RT : i could go for some in northside right about now! Yum!
#DRINK PLENTY OF FLUIDS
Totally agree.
Tomorrow starts the jump off to the new night Lost Leaf!!! "The Rewind" I'll post more info when I get to a comp!!!
hey im so bored im at my dads and hes at work till 7:30 tomarrow so im like here alone
Yup RT : Or in flushing!
I ain't rude I'm real!
my Droid twitter app says I'm similar to you.... I don't get it
hates... No... Loathes being sick! At least Im home and not at school... But still being sick stinks!
": go red sox!!" Yuck i hate them more then any other team in the league
Our office got that memo. Bubble wrap everywhere! : Bubble wrap was originally designed to be used as wallpaper.
>>>MLM News! ZeekRewards( New Company Listing )
The "expose" on the attendance record of and makes the paper sound like an organ of the local GOP.
soy cheese? I am intrigued
Switching to Google+? No character limit.
Thanks for the awesome service and produce. And with that: end kvell. :)
Pop-Up Dinner "Winter Spirits" coming soon....
FBCD breakout ALERT!!!
Hey will, how's it going?
Batten down the hatches next month
Hey you know it's National Pretzel Day?? LOL. Take care of my boy in
there are 75k sq ft of old streetcar tunnels under dupont circle. no one really knows what to do with them. any ideas?
THIS SUNDAY THE HOTTEST COLLEGE PARTIES! @ XCLUSIVE SUPERSTAR ENT. LADIES FREE TO 10:30!
To truly be able to give to others you must first be able to give to yourself!
Taking my son to his wheelchair basketball game this evening in Southfield, Michigan. GO THUNDERBIRD!
Looks like I may never see my old house again! Gonna be moving my grandma to Katy, and I don't get to drive by it when seeing my sb frenz
Be successful because you deserve it!
yes I think I have!
thanks!! It would look good on a new mb pro! How'd the taping go?
Happy Womb Liberation Anniversary Celebration!!!
Thank you. So far so good!
damn yo I'm not that g status. I got a Christmas charity event I gotta play on Friday.
I'm Bleeding All Over The Place...Somebody Help Me
i know this is alot to ask but can you follow me back? please xx
And thus concludes my four month Twitter hiatus.
I am like the biggest smart-ass on #twitter yet still not famous! It's a sad and dirty story ;)
what? link?
Or worse yet, Detroit.
Moms & dads, want to give your young athletes a leg up against the competition, let the pros at Flo Fusion Fitness get them there
Thanks for the #followfriday shoutout last week. We're always glad to make connections with Oregon artists. Have a great week
how can I get a replacement if I lost mine?
Down to a couple weeks before I ship to basic! If you wanna see me before I leave, hit me up!
#jesusShuttlesworth RT : Ray Allen looks Exactly like he did 15 yrs ago Lol
A book, tight shut, is but a block of paper. - Chinese proverb
I want an ass job RT : I WANT A FUCKING BOOB JOB ))))):
Gotta get some new pillows...
laying down in bed with my dog just relaxing :)
Thanks for the follow! :-)
Im not trying to hate on Belibers but some, notice i said "SOME", of you need to #SIT \_____________________/
Yay! Maddy's taking a nap. Probably going to give my stinky dog a bath.
Lol! He said; Ya grandma gotta tooth in her booty. lmao!
you haven't melted in this year's summer heat?
Catch me tomorrow night from 11:30pm to 1:30am spinning at Relay for Life at ! Come show support!
Here is how to win a autograph! Send a picture of where you would hang up the autograph if you win. Contest ends at 7pm
yeah, you're probably right. :p *shrugs* oh well.
awww hi to babes! Have fun and yes, let's def get together soon...for REAL xoxo
RT How to write: 1) Put ideas on paper. 2) Remove boring parts. 3) Repeat as necessary.
CRJ had a great time at 's Celebration for Kids this Saturday night! Great event RRFK!
then we could go to the woods n get caught by a bear.
: Michelle Tafoya just asked Urban Meyer,"What's going on in your heart and in your head right now?"
now that's funny!
Thanks, Attila! I appreciate the RT. Catch ya tomorrow!
Oh yeah, I'm just ROLLING in dough.
Against Me!, Tom Gabel
5 pg paper due in and 1 1/2 hrs and I'm on page 3, but I know how to change the period font so I ain't worried.
I somehow end up seeing the lucky one again....
i think Blaise is knocking woods planks out of the fence to speak with the neighbors and their pooches...funny
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness.
It's more furniture being moved around...we're getting there, though! I did a lot of work on books last week. :)
"Oprah's OWN network has lost $330 Million, expected to be axed within year..." The Obama Effect?
So all those morning of throwing up the pains in my tummy, yep I'm prego, what's weird is I was still having my period
Knowledge is learning something every day. Wisdom is letting go of something every day ~ Zen Proverb
I'm just gonna back down. Ya know? Stop trying & see if you'll step up & text me like you used to. I mean I had surgery & felt like crap and
Happy Valentines Day everyone :3 - Ryon
it's my birthday and I would love a happy birthday from you <3
“: Congrats on your Silver Circle Award!” thank you Melvin quite the honor
This Spanish essay is hardest.
"...but my brain knows better. it picks you up and turns you around."
@ the crib chillin wit the mommzzzzzzzz
Words have creative power => What have you created today?
as it should!
A bitch nigga I don't like...
Lots of things misses about space, including the beautiful view of earth and seeing thunderstorms from above.
belly just said " I LOVE YOU TOO MUM" YAY YAY YAY! so proud of my big girl! greatest feeling ever hearing your baby tell you she loves you:]
idk if I approve either....I'm having nice emotions about this....
- awesome choice of bands for Opening Party at for
Cheers! RT : Our MT friends this week!
Good to know. Was thinking of trying tumblr out but maybe not.
Best threat! I don't wish you death, I wish you a hundred million Renee's in your life.
I love u so much!!! Please come back to VA we miss u so much <3
Modern Home Tours Returns To Denver
Enjoying New Orleans and its French Quarter and the shops on Canal!
jeggings as formalware at Helen Hayes? Ironic pants worn ironically?
funny you should say that. after a page by page perusal last night, orange cake is at the top of my list!
When there is no one on the dance floor maybe its time to change it up a lil hint hint!!
Omg so bored my cuzins r so interesting in playing Football out side! Should i go play football with them!?
I hope Brittany Davis made the cut!!
Making the painful journey back home. So very tired.
hibiscus cured duck breast and more! On our way to the #CB Grand Opening party!
This creepy person is texting me and their saying its you... is it? lol
We are going to have a food tasting at Absolute Results Gym on Jan. 21, 2012 from 2pm-5pm. 3520 Pan American Frwy NE Ste. E.
We will be back open tomorrow!! Hope everyone is having a great New Years day!
This kid...
Struggles with control but a good pick up. Was a starter on 2007 Rockies WS team. Set up guy.
New phone!! Ughh finally!
Strong move from puts the #Clippers back up by 1
follow me and direct message me your #
Do you ever get on skype? Lol
where is it taking place?
Almost finished for today.
stupid autocorrect.. -.- & no! I fell off my bed!
u didnt follow me yet.. (:
I think they did
We are. We went to national train day event in Cary, and then took my mom out to lunch at Mimi's Cafe. It was good.
Whoa what an amazing 24 course meal!
soon! We're working on not only getting all the designs but all the stuff to actually stock it with. But it'll be ready soon
New mixtape coming soon, Producers please send some fire to
My family is not ready to follow me on twitter
thanks for the follow! Rutgers is one of my continuing and professional education clients, love working w/ your institution!
Loving TRX training!!
I wish I had the idea for your cousin Cop to tweet from Carlyle back in the day. brilliant!
Adv nitrox completed. Feels pretty good. Much thanks to and we had a blast. Now on to deco next week bad a$$
It's a Pioneer Square rite of passage. Go once, and never again.
Cool! Thanks for checking it out! it was fun.
I got a hot date with tonight. Who's jealous?!? Huh?
We only talk in class. NOT outside of class or school.
Fcat fried my brain today-__-
FAB Friday's Up. Live music w/Todd Tijerina, FREE taco bar and drink specials from 5:30-8:30. DJ 12 Tribe from 9-close. Hip Hop, R&B
Prepping for our March newsletter. Have some great new offerings on the way. Stay tuned!
Can't wait till I can afford a PA. is already hired at that point. <3
Better check urself before u wreck urself
Just go my check and its GONE already! :(
Got to plan this rbkids event
Painting my nails . Cheerleading was so tough tonight ! But fun at the same time , <U+2665>
Woah u have 15K+ followers! I remember when u had like 2K!!! :o congrats<3
DAMN HOT HOT HOT
Why is it Sunday already <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Lost for words. Who cares anyways? Heading back to bed.
ONLY THE STRONG MAKE IT!
Wait, I have a serious question. Are futon mattresses full of LEAD?
Ck our #fb page & caption a fan photo! Clever, funny, positive caps could win a VIP pass to the relay on.fb.me/n3rv3v Have fun!! :)
Tonight was disappointing, but I guess tomorrows another day.
Good time at the Rangers game, I am tired though!!!! Going to work last night and working out this morning have me worn out!!!
That awkward moment when your brother twerks better than a black girl. Um..
TIF bonds are between 20-25 years and will be paid off before TIF districts expire.
The Grizzlies trailed by 8 early in the fourth quarter. They made a 12-2 run and came back and beat the Clippers 90-88 to force Game 7.
Always keep your mind focused on the great beauty you provide in your mind body and spirit.
lol I know but it depends on the type of mother you got! A cool one or a stuck up one.
When your sincere in your Prayers it does come true. Okai Haiti
:P Sure.
God Night! :D
Energizer sucks...
I broke my last phone my nigg and i had to get a new one, but its all gravy. The new numba iz 210 730 0456. hit me up bro.
Seeing this century & Carter hulsey on Saturday (:
accepting submissions soon! Stay tuned for details!
Let's go to the HackStore! :)
ITS RAINING AND I WANNA LAY UP
Rob Carrick&#39;s Reader: An investing pro worries about housing
what do you got?
#preds with the goal to take the lead!
not sure of the rotation, maybe fall or early winter?
Imperial Debris and Archival Labor; her new book. Complex and brilliant; I made lots of sketchy notes but difficult to tweet!
tx so much!! have a gr8t weekend!
#HeatNation I want something bigger
twitter food trucks? (that picture was from the chicago airport, btw)
A blend of original, traditional and contemporary string music www.daveandsteveduo.com
Nancy Grace rightfully asks "why test strappy heels" for soil from burial site. In any other case, no way. Here, you just never know.
Mos def lil bro. Im very proud of u. Keep up the good work. GOD bless. 100
Giving out my last invitations today.(:
now yer making me blush... :-)
Excited! Beach today, Wendsday, Graduation... Don't want to think of the sad thing that comes rigt afterthough- :/ Anyway 2010! Woo!
“: {Blows a kiss at and } You both just turned all of the men and horny girl on.” Uh, yep! X
Mom's home safe and sound!
Follow me on instagram! :)
Fidel Castro??? You mean Raul..?
Never judge, might even join you. Come here. See the midnight show w/me and a Trekkie to rival
today is #askavocalist and I guess I could answer some of the questions... maybe jump in if time permits!
#neverwilliEVER work another double on a Sunday
Scandal, it's my new fave tv show! Best Friday night OnDemand unwinder ever. Kerry Washington is boss!
What's better to sell things on? eBay or Amazon? and why?
Just got done getting some canvases prepared for boys and girls clubs art workshops next week
just a reminder that we are CLOSED for a wedding today! But we will be ready for you at brunch or Sunday Supper tomorrow!
New song ft cap1 "racks n bands" tune in
No Netflix in Germany is seriously cramping my style, man.
So pretty!
Tonight's the #NetworkEvent - can't wait to celebrate the DC #Jewish community w/ + Ben & Jerrys co-founfer. DM me 2 meet.
RT Never let your memories be greater than your dreams
A real winner is someone that doesn't give up... even when it feels like they are losing...
Bored.....somebody entertain me plz
Write a how-to on formatting for Smashwords, then you'll have accomplished what even Mark Coker cannot. :)
Chris sent me the bottle as a gift.
Perez wasn't that funny on glee...and yes he does look like Frankenberry. Is that cyberbullying?
thank you! And it doesn't matter. :)<3
Doing well! =D
wish i was at yo mama's house
It was Rodney who brought that thunder awesome game Rays Nation!!! #Salute!!
Since the moment I meet u I feel in love .. The kiss u gave make me go in a spell <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Hate that- especially when I call and they say,"Well, we were kinda tired today." Too tired to pick up the phone?
BGC Reunion Pt.2 and I'm now seeing it
We think everyone owes themselves a visit to you guys! Thanks for being such a great piece of history.
Sweet Corn Custard with a saute of shrimp, yellow corn and apple smoked bacon with a smoked tomato beurre blanc is the app special tonight!
Post-lunch discussion with coworkers: The Avengers (which I must see), asparagus (the noblest of vegetables) & canned PBJ sandwiches (why?!)
Kashi.. it all tastes like cardboard.
Hey pretty lady
Walla Walla Washington
I cant believe I did that shit lol
Thank you to all of my card sorting participants, the information architecture for my portfolio site is done :)
woot! now let's just hope it can stay that way until about mid June. ;)
Tummy ache.
“High expectations are the key to everything.” – Sam Walton
bless you !
Really likin m.ward lately
#replacebooktitleswithbacon Last Exit to Bacon
Silence is the great teacher and to learn its lessons you must pay attention to it.
Funny how at this time of year the days quickly change from being being hot with cold periods to cold with hot periods
that's badass lol wear a lot of sun block :)
Championship week in Las Vegas: WCC Tourney Final tonight, WAC and MWC tourney's start later in the week.
If anyone asks, I have no idea what happened to Ms. Sych's classroom
no problem!
Don't use your voice to perpetuate detrimental bull shit to other people, unless you warn them that that's what you're about to do.
Howard's Business Report: Christine Sakuda (HawaiiNewsNow) - Howard talks with the Executive Director of Hawaii Health Information Exchan
Oddly, Dawson Co. Principal Bailey Pope says he didn't expect this topic today. There's a packed house here *only* for jobs conversation.
Killing that Koevermans not more dynamic. Sure, he's opportunistic but offers little else. Might work out best he's out v Santos.
Good Morning - Listening to some Maroon 5 this morning. What are you listening to?
ughh get to it boy!):
I hope he doesn't encourage that nonsense, NYCs industry is inherently inhumane and dangerous.
I would say charles barkley
this idea i like
slept for 15 hours...and still tired.
Your A faggot asshole and "you are dumb"--Bryan
Just did week 5, day 1 of #c25k with !
Awesome! Can't wait to see!
Glad you're coming back!
To whoever just let their dog run wild outside, fuck you. I can't go back to sleep
aha your so nice
I Want To Get Back With Shanley, Ima Ask Her Out On 11-11-11 That Would Really Be Special Day Then
Haven't been on here in foreverrrrre
no it's not i think he's hot
I never ment to disrespect u
Is that a replica of Paul Menard's Brickyard trophy. If not, it should be!!
Cool story hoe, suck it again.
Merry Christmas, Quinton! I hope 2012 is a very good one for you both personally & professionally! :)
So very funny
thanks lady, I need to email you!
RT : #HVSummit sponsored by , and off to great start with keynote speaker Tom Cody.
Wont EVER Catch Me Slippin'!
Mario's pizza is saving my life right now
March Monotony.
you misspelled "everyone's"
Free burger with proof of a Yelp review. Find them at, 6830 S. Yosemite St, Centennial, CO 80112.
Formal sorta sucked for me
Admit nothing Deny everything
alrigggghttty loves. let's gett more followerrs. she said she'll never get followers. NEVER SAY NEVER right? :)
btw, I meant to tell you that the new profile photo looks great!
In Boulder. It's sunny, dry, & in the upper 80s, i.e., close to perfect. Going to do some meeting prep, eat, & then get some needed sleep.
maybe it's unrealistic to expect a "honey, shh, see the college student right there? she's studying"
when you only play one game a week that is just sad
You must've heard or Dave from playing some dubstep! sounded good right??
The only thing that could make me love more is to see him in UK blue tonight.
You cant wife up a stripper. The more permiscuous a woman is, the more jaded she becomes. Its sad, but save yourself fellas.
Im more tired today than iv been in probably a year
The bell needs to ring NOW!
Dear Mr. Governor-Elect, you're making great choices already.
exhausted but i want to shower ugh i got issues
You're saving yourself the trouble of arguing & fighting. Its not about winning & losing anymore. It’s about letting go.!!!
At Bellarmine University. In bright blue pants.
Q - 5 : Good relationships involve risk. Agree or Not?
have you had a Teriaki boy yet? Good stuff.
Do you use props in your practice? Lauren is leading a workshop on Assisted Opening-Techniques & Tools for deepening your practice w/props.
Have a safe and Happy New Year to all out there in twitterland!!
defenitly a beautiful weather GOD BLESS TEXAS!!!!...have a wonderfull Friday!!!!
#ThoughtDuringSchool don't fall, don't fall, don't fall, when going up the stairs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
RT: " President ’s announcement is a major turning point in the history of American civil rights"
Way to go Paige! Great chat today.
I don't really like tweeting about writing because it reminds me that I'm not writing.
That's what we in the business call "Snake Oil".
I hope tht u'll see this tweet and follow me<U+2665>It's SO GOOD 2NOW THT #MYWORLDTOUR HAS ENDED&I'VE BEEN A PART OF it!Thx so much<3
Tomorrow's the kick off for the traveling exhibit, Key Ingredients: America by Food. Visit the Seminole Nation Museum, Wewoka!
Uhh retire? She is resigning her seat mid-term... that is a bit different that choosing not to run again.
": Thinking of putting in new rule for hiring. First interviewee to show up at time they were scheduled for wins." Sets a high bar
Happiness is seeing at an audition for the first time!
I wanted to teach but the funding dried up. That's why I ran for office.
Ok. To all the students of MHS. Yes there was a bomb threat. BUT THERE IS NO BOMB! Thats why its called a bomb THREAT!
Lionel Ritchie took the top album #1 spot from on the Billboard 200. #nowplaying Tuskegee on
RSVP: Opus Pictures
haha, i know. thats how i work:)
omg thanks!
MY GIRL INDEPENDENT
JavaScript has so much awesome weirdness, it's amazingly flexible in strange and unpredictable ways. it should be called 'bizzaro Scheme'
Brides maid then day rager then night rager... Sb halloween >
Probably on a mission...
Thank you #sfGiants for giving #vinscully a real reason to call pennant race baseball. Great series.
Where is and
good games but I owe you lunch. Sweep and we'll make it Brewers win and you buy the tominator.
Wow, just read your blog post from June 2011: PR tips for indie filmmakers and PMDs. Very informative and helpful. Thank you!
Point shaving was the players not Rupp. As for the racism, you obviously haven't done enough homework on that
Did an amazing album in music.city-Nashville yestaday w Richard Smith the great guitarist.i loved it.ut was crazy&fun but world class.lov t
"On the Road", Kerouac's experimental prose pushed the boundries for writers of all genres. + Beatniks don't get enough love
watching radiohead on Jimmy Fallon, mesmerized. anyone else think thom yorke looks like tilda swinton?
Too bored on a Friday night
you got it...and again Congrats!
Tweet me a # and a question and I'll tell u Wht IB u look good with
#10ThingsIWantToBuy some sort of rights to twitter so the trends wouldn't constantly be shit.
"Let's get someone to take our picture."
Im done with single life.
So slow today. Its probably gonna be busy later today
HEY! HEY! HEY! Yeah! I miss you bunches! WUBS!
got droped in a build today!:/ ouch!!..
i miss
you are my favorite writer and I meant that honestly and earnestly. I love what you wrote today The abyss gazes back.
. The whole idea of a *journal* may not be totally atavistic, but aren't most functions present & improved in bits.
TIME TO SHRED BABY
first off thanks for the love. We saw your tublr page. Second we are fixing our you tube page and will be back soon.
thanks, it should be fun!
phew. i almost sobbed ;)
spoiling others good time is bogus completely
please follow me its my life long dream!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Taught a few things last night. Most importantly she now knows Tupac is still alive.
Do you prefer still photos or virtual tours when browsing the internet?
Do what "Family Guy" does. Throw in some Conway Twitty.
Gracias! It actually comes at a difficult time so good input is double welcome.
ready to start banging on Django again. couple of things to study.
#OnMyVacationIWill still be tap dancing. When you do what you love it's hard to take a day off.
Cat's whole story was completely fake. She would has a huge scar if she had not one, but TWO open heart surgeries.
Someone pinch me. I still live in Austin, right?
Sometimes all you can do is smile. Laugh to hide the pain and shine through all the rain. Stay strong!
Last night, cracked into a dark chocolate egg filled with coconut cream. Mary Sue meets Mounds. Awesome.
Lake tahoe, i love you
good morning! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
hey bro wats new for u... What new projects u got coming! Any music?
apparently it's the day to finish teaching and launch into a marathon of battlestar galactica.
NEED PROFESSIONAL PRODUCTION WORK ?? >>>> FOLLOW NOW FOR INTERNATIONAL MOVEMENT
oh stop. you're too sweet
Lol RT : My girlfriend posted on facebook, "Just got my period!" 13 guys liked it ( ._.)
Happy Chinese New Year! Here's to a year of good chi :)
Team America, fuck yeah!
Aww he asked me to prom at my soccer game. & I said yess. <3
I'm not a #glee fan, but I do really like and she's just as vibrant offscreen as she is on! MT
True but often it's the opposite problem - people avoiding intuition & thinking raw data will magically lead to a good solution
apparently not :)
wow, I'm definitley going to go check those out at Whole Foods!
i was at that concert, Young MC was the opener.
I swear everytime I listen to I put my hands in the air & shake my head <U+E420>
Apparently I'm going to have to wait until I get "upgraded" to IE8 before making a twitter list. IE7 just isn't up for it.
Got to try some tasty lobster crabcakes on today's show, thanks to ! Love the newest issue featuring the King brothers!
I see your flopping issues and high-five tech, and raise you a high-leverage misinterpretation of a clear rule that left the Hawks screwed.
Ya know whenever I see #TeamAustin I think its about me cause thats my name! :) But I am a big fan!
wants big time rush and/or the cast of glee to come to boston really soon on a tour!
damn you cant boo the QB that got you to the dam game. People tend to be stupid as a group.
Good We Look Forward to it! :)
Well, we'll need tunes for the drive back.
I mainly write poetry and short stories, and the occasional song :)
you the best I evaa had
#fattweet lol RT : The ice cream FOREVER ridin past my house when I ain't got NO cash...when they gon start taking debit?? O_o
please follow me<3!
4 screening of #TheWarriors. I really wish these gangs were around when these #hipsters started taking over Brooklyn.
what you been up to fool!
Breakfast in bed! Thanks
Watching Billy Tha Exterminator!! He is Nuts.
Right now I got a Samsung touchscreen one. Doesn't have WiFi and since I didn't pay for Internet service, it's only a phone.
#HIRING a CREDIT ANALYST #NOW Contact me @ 813-207-2871 or send #Résumé to I will pay a referral fee for…
Not at all lol, just gotta state the obvious
I really want a pair of Invisibility Cloaks :[[[
will it evolve to his absence?
Be sure to make it out for our second day of our End of the Year Sale! 25-90% off almost everything!
so as i sit here i wonder what is it that makes everyone so negative about other peoples happiness
Happy Birthday Earl!!! ! we gotta party when we get to Memphis! we're gonna get us some cute sexy guys and go ham lol
RESEARCH TIME: watching the Eurovision 2012 finalists.
Life is what you want it to be
Hoffman: 98% of terrorist websites protected and not discoverable.
localization has gotten much better on the most recent update (thanks!), when're we going to see integration?
It's National Library Week! Celebrate by visitng your local library!
I think I'm gonna go watch this old show my mom used to love I don't know if you guys ave heard of it but it's called "Candy" Lmao XD
have fun
You mean "Gay Marriage Unlikely To Hurt Obama in 2012"
SCOTUS puts off by one week decision on whether to hear Harmon case challenging constitutionality of rent stabilization laws in NYC.
AGREED. Best thing ever invented.
Only you can become the change in the world that you will be.
#IfYouReallyKnewMe : I'm one the sweetest girls you will ever meet but if you backstab me I will become the biggest bitch you have ever met.
Just promise to be nice about my non-compliant CSS.
I have never gotten through security that fast in my life. 10 minutes tops.
Attended a great networking social last night in Silicon Valley. I am also working on my coaching business and my nu music dj mixes
#LowKey scare me
That might be my fav tweet of yours ever
is coming today for the WHOLE WEEKEND!!!! so pumped to hang out with my big sister and Joel!!!
Ah, that's so exciting. Thanks for posting. I need sage lemonade.
aight ill be over in bout 15 min
RT : Rumor has it that was Biden's 10th beer summit of the day. #tcot Beer Summit
good answer! Work is slow... My brain is done until Monday!
Ruby supports different templatting systems, OOTB here we're using "ERB." I think.
Stay in touch new friend! Thx for the RT
or on a beach
I had the classical section @ the tower on sports arena dr in SD. great people there.
Missed you at Aura last night!! Next Wednesday you should come for trivia!
I'm watching a homeless guy play with a kitten and I'm not gonna lie, it's adorable.
Yes you do Nats!!!
I still CANNOT bring myself to watch the NHL playoffs.....
Good riddance! But he should have gotten the max. RT : Bates gives Harry Thomas Jr. 38 months in prison
Agreed. RT : seems that the more we manage our online identities the better our privacy
what ur name
whatever floats your boat Griffin!(:
it seem really fun i went there over break
Do you have your own youtube channel?
study break
¤ No one ever excused his way to success. Dave Del Dotto
well its about time! lol
We need to get this offense back on track. Starting Nate Tice this week.
Can somebody text me
thanks that made me smile. And a lot fewer calories.
I did. Talk to her i'll go and brush my teeth.
RT : All things are difficult before they are easy. - Thomas Fuller
Sorry for all the tweets this afternoon! I'm on a mission to get 50 more tutors this month for my #MLK Challenge!
Our team is also never intimidated, never self-centered and never naive. After starting 5-8, 2 b here took consistent effort/toughness!
I said it once, and i will say it til the day i croak.. U .. Are.. Amazing. :)
Time Magazine's Top 100 Peeps include Pippa Middleton and Claire Danes. Am I missing something here? Stay tuned 4 more w/
Ms. Bruce. Are you into wine?
Cant wait for to go Live!!!
awww cheer up! how are you doing? how is real life?
My dreams will be sci-fi now.
So amazingly me out of all people. Decided I'm not going out once again tonight. So if u want 2 low key it hang I'll be here at the
Really glad to be sponsoring the event today in SF, see you there if you received an invite!
Sorry to hear that Cyndee...any constructive criticism we can pass to our chef team?
RT : Challenge plot Connection plot Creativity plot What are the components of a story?
glad it's going smoothly for you so far :)
The Lilac is pretty but I have to get the Candy Corn Soap Slice...too cute!!!
How are we awake/alive?
High speed sorting enables customer's mail to be delivered to USPS the same day of mail pickup. AMS 505-899-3104.
Holy shit there's still another qtr of this garbage.
it's okay now you can get some sleep! :) <3
THEN YOU NEED TO PLAN A TRIP FOR REAL!!!!! and as for you going to vegas this weekend...IM JEALOUS
oh smdh! Well I still got my text lmao
I think I feel like periwinkle today. Even the name sounds silly.
Kelly Rowland is ridiculously underrated
That girl from johns creek>>
you just came up in a Q&A at #sls12 - the question was flattering.
"yes they deserved to die and I hope the burn in hell" Mathis playing taboo during family game time
Audition on saturday ,,,Hm fingers crossed
Looks like NZDUSD is heading for the 7740 lows.
Fun #dc #ff RT : Be sure to follow our amazing General Manager of the Hay-Adams this #FollowFriday!
And we need a day called Social Media Day exactly why?
I'll wear my dress flip-flops. RT : But keep flip flops. Business suit and flops ...now THAT'S an office statement!
C'mon Hoosiers! A W tonight would make for a great end to this weekend.
This girl is asking me for everything! Gum, lotion, phone. Damn what else you want!!!
Happy Birthday to !!!
Excited for tonight's panel discussion and to hear great local talent.
I don't have it on repeat but I've been repeating the song the whole day today lol “: lol I have it on repeat.”
i cant im on jordans ipod:)
We're honoring Mom this week w/ 20% OFF all Regular Priced Women's Apparel online & in store!
Its freezing in this claas room.
Sorry if I'm making your notifications go all bug nutty. Keep forgetting the hashtag.
I don't agree with that at all, unless you're writing romance novels, I guess... is that what Nora does?
Took a Tylenol PM that never kicked in...AC is borken....that about sums up this weekend...work on 2 hours of sleep should be fun tomorrow
They need to simmer down
Things right now couldn't be any more perfect (: happiest I've ever been
great great, about 2 weeks out and ready to fight! How you been? Getting ready for anything?
good morning everyone [:
Help for Haiti current Auction: Front row loge tix to MUSE tickets for the Garden, $100 to Marco Cucina, and a night at the Ames Hotel..
Veteran's Day thought: many online students I have taught were deployed. Online learning allows us to serve them while they serve for us.
The #HIMSS12 expo just opened! Visit us in booth 4635 and see how we help you obtain meaningful use and address the hybrid workflow!
man u aint bout that life
Have a great time! Thanks again for allowing ShowClix to be apart of such a wonderful event!!
I've quit drinkin after years of problems nd I smoke cigarettes, I know you're straight edge, any advice?
what do you not understand
If Every Nigga Went By My Last Retweet I Swear Shit Will Be Straight..
I-NEED-FOLLOWERS-RETWEET THIS 4 A MENTION!!!!!!!
Heed the still small voice that so seldom leads us wrong, and never into folly.Marquise du Deffand
July 1. 1979 - Sony introduces the first 'Walkman'.
First George Clooney, now SJP. Based on this trajectory, by October it'll be lunch with one of those twins from The Shining.
Seriously..it is IMPOSSIBLE to catch up on e-mail. I've been at it for 2 hours & have barely whittled them down. Help!
This week's B&Z MVP for the #Brewers: Ryan Braun. Since this week never happened, we will not speak about any more however.
The best part of the hackathon this weekend might be the breakfast being provided by
Cheese and chocolate! yum yum
RT : To be successful, we should make the "must" of our life the "most" of our life. --Paraphrased, G Campbell Morgan
It was prob. Rihanna's (didn't realize how similar since I know ur version better). ;-( I was hoping they were featuring locals.
dear Houston, I will see you at the end of this month. w00t!
I'm going with options 1 and 3
T minus three hours til show time!
Found out what I'm gonna do for 420 again this year. at ucf just like last year, smoking out the building
Came wit ur shit on point or kp it moving to the next chick that's on that lazy shit like U.....
I had a great ass work out :D
Does anyone actually know what James Harden's face looks like? Does it exist?
Small grandson, upon hearing Spring Break is over, 'Oh, no! What happened to our nine days?!!'
Spring is almost here. Remember to do your spring dental cleaning!
it feels like i'm running longer and farther by measuring in kilometers! ;)
follow pleasee!! #TeamFollowBack and I will
Happy New Year to you, Liz!
GOOD MORNING ALL :)
I kind of miss the "young adults on 4-loko" nightlife of 2009-2010
I MISS YOU MORE <3 (;
Hey great followers. Please follow my personal account for a little more interaction. will be sure to cheat with ya!
not tired...can't sleep.
Bunnies nachos Cindy! <3
#timewarnercable thanks for the 170$ credit, free #HBO + #showtime. Fuck my account up again please, I want more #freeshit. :)
Bad storms tonight! Stay safe <21
Everyone should check out new music vid. Or if you havent already, check out the band!
You too, Cheryl! Thanks!
Great deal! RT : Come to the North Park Farmers' Market today where 94.9 FM will be giving away FREE Festival of Arts Craft...
Glee makes me cry
Happy Easter! :-)
Hey Duke.....look what Brown did to you!
Joey is having tummy trouble again. Could it be the organic, cage-free chicken strips he loves? Too healthy? I joke, but I'm worried.
I spent 4 years in Iowa as a college student. Similar madness.
Why do people find me such an easy target to bully?
Lotta people hate, but AMEN Rich! ": Love Joe Buck. What a dream to be able to pay tribute to your dad like that. He nailed it."
Big event @ #Pop Burger located at 83 University Place, #NYC... tag along for #great food and #good company.
One day my prince will come...and he'll at least be a cartoon that's supposed to be a human, not a robot.
Made sludge bars last night, and half of them are already gone. Come get some today!
A good day at NetTel: having a strong week, and going to charge through today!
Done with school for the year!!!! Play Time
SCOOTER ENT 2MORROW DOORS OPEN HOSTED BY W/ R.I.P SCOOTER
This weather is so fabulous!!!! I hope everyone has an amazing and safe weekend!!!
I'm sure he's fine. You guys were so cute, but I wont mention it, k? :)
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation! We thought your were looking sexier!!
Hope you liked it. Thanks for the mention! RT : im gonna read ur construction article a little later!
I just made a hot date with I'm so fucking excited.
did you know today is national pb&j day? celebrate with where they are $3 all day long!
Go G-Men!
looking forward to your order- shampoo is sold out so body wash and 3 in 1 are available only
: take advantage of geo for ease of user access; esp. for retail
why can't i retweet this?!?
swerve . swerve .
Eghh. Getting tired of these same dreams.. really needs to stop.
That is a curious rewriting of history, suh. Please proffer your evidence for such a claim.
*Waves really hard* to all who have recently joined my page! *Big ole cupcake smile*
my other line rang, then then I went to get something to eat
Morning all. Happy Friday :-)
My hunch about me and twitter was right: while I now like it, I have no time to actually look at it! Except now, bored at the airport...
I could use a back massage right now
hahaha oh i see (:
Happy friday everybody!!!!!
I am already!
Preferences for iPhone/iPad dictionary app with etymologies?
Hey , how about u guys interview ! Our editor is her publicist we can set it up! Check out her song #SaveTheWorld!
Peace is not merely a distant goal that we seek, but a means by which we arrive at that goal. ~ Martin Luther King
I wish bitches would stop telling stories about their experiences. I'm here to learn about and leave. Now about your life. #ok?
Faculty are people too.
bro you are spamming the hell out of me. Check your account!
Lets go to my house, makeout,eat some peanut butter,tacos, and play guitar that'd be pretty damn gnarly. (;
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Free Sprinkler with a $50 purchase! (Riverwest)
he has been snowboarding
RT : Today marks the start of our Governors Education Symposium, co-hosted by
I love that THE AVENGERS now has so many people calling others "mewling quims" although enjoy it for now, before it gets old.
is tonights game going to be on tv or online?
plot twist liam is actually a 4 year old girl. oh wait
I have multiple iCloud calendars on one account. When I get an invite it goes to "work". How do I change default?
Hope to see u one day sir, we got a lot to talk about. Just dont overdress in a suit or nothing. I prefer a shot of Patron
Hi ass
I need to travel..
I bought a crystal jar at the Savvy Fox boutique today. Joke on them: it's for condoms. Joke on me: there's nobody to bang where I'm living.
It's funny to me ... When someone says they don't like getting disrespected!!! Welp learn to respect others than foo
on using data in K-12 "We’ve been so focused on gaining data that we’ve moved our whole model to a multiple choice model.”
North Shore here we come w/ !
Wow this guy is stupid he gets beat by his girlfriend who looks like Rick Ross, and she cheats on him and hes like ily bb ily
I was just as concerned with an Agger injury. /knocks on wood
I don't understand -- is Modern Family set in the year 2014? So who won the election, then?
oh yessssir! Lol but bout to go catch the Heat game but when I get back we can run it fam
Radio disney lol
That had a tinge of GARBAGE to it,
Friends don't let friends cheer for Shittle.
haha thunder/lightning has that effect/affect.
#ireallywant these so called real people to stop acting so fake. . .
No Braun at Fan Fest? / an MVP in hiding / is not a good sign
Welcome Ava & Lyle!!!!!
Why isn't Inge in the lineup?
On my way to deliver a #Fletcher2012 sign to a Carlsbad woman who wants to sign wave in #SanDiego. Awesome supporters from all over!!!
you are doing amazing stuff for lupus on here. Wud u make a post on LFA DMV Facebook? We'd love if u did, reply & we'll chat
Dear old men, stop peddling generalized advice about women based on your scripted marriages my way. I'm a fag with a fantastic boyfriend.
With all the support of from this city it's too bad the Timbers suck.
Saw tweet from that said "Apply now" receives twice as many applications as "Join us" Can you share source?
.....im feeling some type of way
Sure thing! U have never let me down. Ur an amazing singer and artist so will check it out as soon as i finish having dinner with husban ...
Saw A hot guy running outside my window... ...FRIDAY WERE SEARCHIN CP
Does anyone know any SVP Creative/UX in NYC?
Rt : The way #NewHampshire coverage is building, wondering when someone will do a live blog about our live blog about blogs and tv.
how r chu
Seriously, last night's show was the best one I've ever seen. You've got to have Tilly & Turner on more often!
Fairfax County Police say good witness information helped them track #roadrage suspect SUV to SW DC. Jay Korff has details on ABC7News
It's going to be a great day at
RT : Oh Sarah - I miss you so much :)
My "who the heck are you" circle is enormous... time to delete Google+?
are you with Coach Lucas?
I think my favorite part of this tweet is how it SUDDENLY hit you. Like, a slow subtle realization of the true nature is bogus.
umm yeah a concussion and dehydration:/
hey, when I saw u at lunch & u said I never tweet u? #BOOM!! Now, what? :)
I'm doing great, still styling hair! How about you??
that's right, the augusta Beavers are in a roll! Time to take out one of the private schools on Thursday!
why is it that at the end of summer that I start getting severe allergies?
i feel your pain ;(
thanks for the post ladies!
creator of Community, just endorsed the VCR based game NIGHTMARE. If you know me well, you can imagine how big my grin is.
Alexa & her father have a fan here lol
I did that about 8 times.
Dang it ! Little kids in my subdivision get me every time with their cute lemonade stands ..
He's a gunner in the runner world. "Oh, I ran 30K in 2 days. So crappy." The rest of us would say STFU to that.
Me: "This fanbase account, was here for years".. My twitter: "Gosh, I'm old" ;]
ahh no u wont and in ur case a zombie is cute
Turn on channel 33 and educate yourself
I will figure it out boo ;)
Has a 15-1 team ever not won at least one playoff game? I mean, other than today?
chillen with my sister like the good old days <U+263A><U+2764>
Looking forward to seeing the TRUE LIGHT!
Bout to go toe to toe, blow for blow
when dragons are purple, they burp oil bubbles. true story.
you make it sound so horrible!
I know, I hope more people take a second look at these amazing animals! Also happy that people w/out the means might have a
Stop in and see us!
It's my fucking book, I bought it, you have NO fucking right to tell me who can and can't read my book.
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Mentadent Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
I'm ambivalent about hunger strikes. In a way, you're doing the oppressor's job for them.
Finally I have finished my last passage, so now I can get some rest :)
Ordered a couple of design books. Yes!
Come on crew lets catch fire!
What's sad is that I'm sitting at Sang's house, drinking hard cider, eating sour belts, and playing Angry Birds and Hanging with Friends.
She look a lil too fishy for me
Hi from NYC!
Laying out in the SoCal sun with and enjoying this beautiful Sunday afternoon.
Getting ready for my first screening tonight!!!
Typing a tweet in Twitter for iPhone just to see what it's like.
Thanks, man. We already have Elevation Burger, Smashburger, Five Guys, Whole Foods. You'd be perfect here.
No love flow from :(
How old are you? and you are really cute.
thanks for following! How did you hear about me?
When choosing who to hire you should really consider the size of the employees bladder
mane a nigga tired as hell but what don't kill me gon make me stronger
HALF ROASTED DUCK blueberry demi glace, baby vegetables, seared greens
no but it looks dope! If you go I want to come with you!
#Jazz game set to tip off in 20 minutes. I know it's still #Twolves excitement for next year but at least it's not on Draft Lottery day.
I hope people see who's also in the Gessen arrest video, in the green jacket. Now sharing a cell. It's a truly satisfying treat.
- how is it we aren't following each other....
Working again, thanks!
On a resume: looking for what you specifically did and what results came from that....We love numbers!
Bhahah, Oh yeah you know im So fake;) Darn this bitch caught me:P or not #SOFUNNY!
We're now at the Lair Marketplace on campus -- swing by for a !
I wish I could forget some things off of my mind for good, it'd make life so much easier.
can't believe how fast this day is flying..maybe because i finally was given something to do at work!
i doubt that you would ever see this but, i had this dream about you. seems hard to believe but, it seems like real.
Good day everyone! FDI Youngevity will be having an upcoming event (Super Saturday and Training this Saturday Oct. 1, 2011 , NC.
dealing w/ bureaucracy. Oh the joy of working for the govt.
Face Off is a fabulous Friday night date movie.
Patio party was great yesterday. Next Sunday the sauce patio party blow out. Open today for lunch and beer.
that's awesome - i may have to steal that
Happy birthday to my boy ! Hope it's a good one!
Come & put your naame on it .
No!! It looks lovely as it is!! :)
Happy New Year all- may 2012 be your best year yet!
what are you reading?
Flight is finally takin off! Thank ya jesus!...my last tweet in AZ!
We must have the same celebratory mind! #Woohooo!
I was wondering why at half mast! You are a key source for critical info....
ill come visit you! Ha
NBA sources say Larry Bird has told Pacers owner Herb Simon he will not return next year as player personnel boss.
hahaha! “: BREAKING: Stanford kicker Jordan Williamson just received a full scholarship offer from Boise State.”
Well I don't hate or love him. I'm neutral. I don't think he's gay or normal. I think he's bi.
Won't have my phone. So I won't e able to tweet, Facebook, or blog. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> My mom is putting me thru hell <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Tenley kids run DC. Know it and respect it
Happy Birthday brother!
yes they did
Our likes from 720 to 315 last night :(
Bernards: Hybridity presumes non-hybrid people and privileges "Third Space," but creaolization presumes mixture as shared norm.
how about being more constructive rather than just plain rude? You used to have class now you're kind of just
Thanks for joining us for our first workshop of the semester!
- Unlike Gov. Johnson Obama's support of marriage equality was merely a campaign strategy to regain the youth vote.
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !!!!!!!
still have the Ft. Worth Star-Telegram with the bloody lip and the Robin V head-lock.
Volunteers needed at the Silent River Film Festival in Irvine, CA. Internship positions available. Contact
Thanks for following back, Miranda. Welcome!
Ah okay I'm done.
Is it bad that I'm ready to go to bed already and it's only 8:15pm and still light out?
My own son passed when he was very young but I'm blessed with a terrific stepson &will be seeing him tomorrow for Moms Day.
I cannot understand why universities can cite budget cuts to increase tuition rates at the same time that they are building new buildings.
Am I being a clingy person, if so...I'm sorry!
showers? we off that !
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes there are to make in a narrow field.
Wedding.books or not.
Did you watch the three-part "Nature" series on whales/dolphins recently? It was well done, I thought!
Please watch these in order, and tell me which one is better...you probably need to watch about :30secs of each to get the gist of them...
that's interesting. will check it out.
#Caps Backstrom on playing under Hunter "I like the way we play"
god dude, please let me cost host that shit if u do..
People are still saying swag?
don't want to be spoiled, but I love Parks and I can't fathom what it could be that would make you cry! E!
or where u at now?
Wow, what is going on>
Group stds around teacher's desk, teacher sits amongst std desks - make the point about them taking control of the learning process.
Events in LA?
how are you
Weather like this makes me hate Ohio!!!!
1 more day till greatest #wisports weekend of my lifetime.
I wish there was a thai place in the 'hood! I have a hanker'n for Pud Thai.
Damn Tomorrow Is My Last Day In Cali #Fuck -.-
Ended @ 93 cappers posted and a consensus from their pks on Ky & Ov at the end..See ya @ the window
Milwaukee, get ready. Cities will burn, mothers will lose children and trivia will happen. 7pm tonight, at Red Dot. Get your Schlitz on.
very true
What'd you think of his performance during the Celebrity All-Star game? We were pretty impressed actually.
YES GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!!!! Amazing!!!
I'm actually gonna check out flight right now!!
my ps3 pog username is paperboat
As a mother of a Dino Dan fan, I know more about Compsognathus than I ever thought possible.
8 followers away from 100!:D
My friend / fellow basketball official buys stolen officiating things.
Never make the same mistake twice
all of us need to have a dinner date,soon <U+263A>
I have a friend who saves every time the song he's listening to changes.
if anyone needs a DJ or host around the city...let me know!!!!
Now what u think we moved for, to see kids get killed in a school zone.
Dude! Like Hi !
Still not feelin' to good :/
I personally don't believe in same sex marriage, but I don't want my beliefs to be imposed on other people's lifestyles.
Oh ok ... who u think I am
To be honest I always thought the hills was never a reality show to me it felt like a scripted tv show with a whole lot of drama
Might be catching some trains later, but we'll see for when they show up
thanks love you to!
Nice, good luck! This for the TSG blog?
Cant sleep ! Uh !
did you do the PowerPoint too?
4 out of 10 people who received promotional marketing gifts recalled the advertiser's name even 6 months after they have received the gift.
Enjoyed and learned during your Mindfulness,Compassion & Self Compassion Retreat today. Became more aware of that "moment".
This kid is dumb my he says my mom left my ass in 95 too bad she died when I was 4 in 99 haha dumb
Miguel already shot a video for quickie rocsi .
Thank you for helping me now own 22% of the 2013 draft
Moore - across subgroups of vulnerable youth such as foster youth, court involved -- need for education in all.
not nes a paid job, although that wld be nice, I'd like any opportunity to get clippings on my belt...
"take risks if you win, you will be happy if you lose, you will be wise." hit me back for more.
me too even tho he was trash in Houston
Happy Halloween!
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
A freezer full of rotten meat fell off the truck, splashing me with the foulest of perfumes.
Somehow you need to get to event horizon of black hole where time as almost stops:-)
Hopefully you meant Friday! I am around tomorrow after 10am. Feel free to stop by!
Wed could be huge!
I may chirp about mine at some point, but I'm not sure yet. q:
"wait, a vampire cannot enter a room unless invited" #law&order
Getting excited for trivia :30 and you should be too!
chea! Luce blue is awesome late night!
is the ONLY nigga that can get me out a bad mood.
Dan Duquette is to Boston Red Sox as Andy MacPhail is to Chicago Cubs.
Blake I'm in jail:/ thanks
Just checked it on my phone. I'll will play your recording on my computer in the morning. Much appreciated! PapaEdd
Dressed up as a dorky #HarryPotter for Halloween! we :D
Hope to see some of you tonight at Outpost 186 in Cambridge!
It's all kids all morning at the FFL! First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Terrific 2's & 3's at 1030!
"omg, pls let me date them, dey r such qt's omg" ;)
Make sure you're at the fest in May to see our client get an award!
#questionsihatebeingasked Is the #achievementgap closeable w/o solving poverty 1st? Answer: Yes. We know from experience.
I don't think so. And they charge you for a couple months after you cancel, so cancel early if possible!
some type of Asian food?
I know! I'm stil in Portland slaving away. Ya know. Stupid adult crap. What's up with you? Still in CA?
I have the best girl friend in the world!!!
Sadly, lost in the good Fringe news is the reality that this is the end of the line for Alcatraz.
I've been there a few times. I'll give it a chance. I just love all that we already have here.
My sister is so careless and stupid. I just want to smack her sheesh
We can't wait to hang with you at #SXSW! See you soon!
FOLLOW ! HE'S SINGER, HAS BARELY ANY FOLLOWERS, & IS REALLY CUTE (:
I've watched Boston a lot. KG is playing well, but they're being overrated drastically.
I'll follow you if you follow me. Deal?(:
words can't describe how I feel
got antsy. bought plane tickets. I'ma coming back. start saving for food. and maybe a hang glider.
RT : "You will always harvest what you plant" (Gal 6:7) // Why not plant the good stuff?
In shock. Whitney Houston was one of the greatest singers this world has ever heard. RIP
That smile of yours<3
Life is like a box of chocolates, ya never know what your gonna get.
Slow down your 'thinking rate'. We think at 500 words a minute and talk at 150..That is why our minds wander. Stay focused
don't know which makes me more angry. Bad if he believes what he's saying, worse if it's just $?
My boyfriend tells me e loves me every second :3 i repay him with telling him how much I love ;) oh I'm horrible
your colleague has a great sense of Spirited humor.
Greetings - Hope to see you at our first lecture of the series on Wednesday with Peter Gluck !
#milwaukee We gave the Label printer a break today. Re-pricing products throughout the store! #competitive We aren't stopping!We offer more
Ya pants are mighty fitted, uhh damn!
Unfollow this page now and follow my new one this one got hacked
congrats! Also, what's one month anyway? pretty sure everyone following this is in for the long haul...
Feeling fat is a situation that can be remedied. Diet, exercise & self acceptance- just for starts.
I hate being sick, and I hate being in school T.T
People who think they have it all figured out annoy me. No lessons 2 learn or experiences to have, why bother waking up?
i dont think your name is Julia...
Sorry we've been so slow lately guys, these past few months have been very fast going and we will try to post mote stuff soon!
your abs thoooo >>>>
Just checked the USPS tracker and they should be there very soon! Had to redo the entire shipment because of label errors- Blah!
Wishing you the best at Future City Competition in Washington DC. We are proud of you and the students.
hahaha Andrew was right behind me with his dad in the car! Bahahaha
Gr8 time!!! Would LOVE #discount coupons! RT Hope U had gr8 time & a wonderful Mothers Day! TY for visiting :)
Uh, not really? He could have supported a week ago, possibly helping the NC amendment fail?
Downtown bound. I don't know why I'm doing this to myself again, but here's to spontaneity.
oh not you too.... RUMOR. FAKE RUMOR.
lol I'll do better next time
You're the reason I hate everyone.
I was pretty sure I made this temporary, but I guess its permanent. Smh
Fuk love I'm done tring
I'll just keep tweeting it until it sinks in. RT No fear. No expectations.
Very much so, like one of my dream jobs - I sent in an application today.
you comin to West Memphis vs marion game?
drake is fake. pass it on
Ricotta cheese: not an obvious choice for pie filling, but somehow so right.
Space shuttle Discovery taking final voyage — to the Smithsonian
Larry Brown would rather be the Head Coach of SMU over the GM of the Blazers? Doesn't bode well for the GM search.
I will be in the Greater Atlanta area today selling my book, if you would like a copy, text, tweet, or however we communicate, let me know!
When a dark skin man insists on only dating light or white women so that he can have light skinned babies to brag about what does that mean?
Great Mother's Day Brunch from 11 am until 2:30pm, 18.95 for adults, kids under 12 half price, kids under 4 FREE.
The countriest of bumpkins.
Any predictive graph on what it will look like under new French, Greece governments?
if you say emmure is even good then you're so wrong.
Woah ... ... ESPN have a stylist or something? If you are going to wear a bow tie make sure it's tied properly.
Is this true more often than not? #truth RT : I’m not insulting you, I’m describing you.
Thanks for the follow John. Happy to have your students crowdfund for capital!
okay sorry I love you & you know I'm here.
The awkward moment when two people are taking pictures of you and you don't know which camera to look at...
Well that touches on our state / governance rights and for getting big brother off the backs of our local agenda
Isn't about 80% of Sweden nonreligious?
Oh that would be all kinds of hilarious.
try this: cup some water with your hand and bring your eye to it. start blinking and move your eye in circular motion.
memorizing my own scribbled lyrics for tonight's gig at the Underground.
Federal hill Clinton o'malley rally; cmon down!
Great quote from the Founder of Big Spaceship speaking of design execution: What separates good from great is that last 10% of polish.
that's our obsession
ha so not really
the live footage ive seen gives me a good idea of how crazy his shows are
If I'm lucky this weekend, I'll get to see Real lucky.
I feel like people have this fantasy idea that a "perfect relationship" just comes to you.. No, it's the furthest think from easy
I'm in a 3.6-4.0 tennis league & lost my 1st match 6-4,6-2. Hoping to improve, win some matches so I can talk shit on twitter.
"I'm digging through data..." sung to the tune of "Dig For Fire" by The Pixies. I love
Wanna share ur story of how God has used in ur life for Central's 50th Birthday? Just email it to mystory
Man sorry 2 say it But Mir doesn't have a chance against Dos Santos his wrestling isn't good enough 2 take him down and on the feet U KNOW!!
That discussion is exhausting. Burn it to the ground and don't look back
bout time, lol.
A liberal-arts education is supposed to provide you with a value system, a standard, a set of ideas, not a job
lol find me at school & i'll tell you!
You are welcome!!! Wishing you all the best!!!
I also got a 45 of "Feel A Whole Lot Better" by The Byrds with alternate vocal, and used stuff: dB's, Costello, Hitchcock...
Ladies gotta get ready for the show!
"In love you need to take a leap of faith"
why are you still an egg?
It's whatever happened to that toy lol can't wait for your show in Detroit!
Established and licensed places in New York City have complied [with curfew laws] without griping, grousing, complaining or whining. [1945]
Nap Time!
Gotta surround myself with strong individuals.
Viagra Lite: For people who only want to masturbate
Thinking about writing a book.. titled "Nice Guys Finish First" or "Death of the Hard Sale"
Join us and DJ Jucee Liu from tomorrow at 1pm for our #ProjectStyle kick-off!!'
Ducks pp just not clicking tonight. Probably the shotty ice
I shouldn't be up this early on a Saturday...
How do you count? In English or Spanish? They are saying that it determines in which language u are really thinking!
Yes - sorry. I sent it from the app, and my editing of the standard pitch was lame. But the app is cool. And free.
A Taste of Ireland and Rededication Ceremony for Leahy-Holloran Community Center
I don't remember Brian. Anything you can share or link to in regards to what I'm guessing was a failed entry into fashion by AMZN?
We do what we can. :) Thanks again for flying with us.
Great game, #Celtics! Congrats to Rondo on passing Oscar Robertson on the playoff triple-double list!
:) There is always a need for MOAR DATA!
I absolutely love & adore you with all my heart & if you would follow me id be the happiest #boyarianator in the world <333
OH HOW AWKWARD
Cross: Constitutionality? Corporation counsel: We think there are ways to defend. Protects pensions & makes sustainable, doesn't "impair."
leave for Cali in 3.5 hours. Not even close to being ready. Ah... no sleep for me.
don't buy cheap paint either. I made that mistake once. Had to repaint. I feel for ya. Painting sucks. Goodluck!
I think I know a handful of people that could use your services lol.
Who is the fifth spice girl? No one can remember....
BANDWAGON ALL YOU WANT just don't try to school the people who actually know and care about the team. That's what gets me.
#teamfollowback shut the fuck with that please
Is it possible to have a weaveless casting session n LA, no offense just asking? 4 days of auditions & everybody looks the same no variation
that's good :)<3
We missed you JD!
Meg and I are heading to LA this summer -- I'm joining the faculty at USC. Go Trojans! (Except when they're playing UT.)
not sure how i'd feel about the contract, but he's one of the most entertaining players in the game.... have fun watching!
any sign of the BEBE
She's giving her self respect up now too
break a leg! or a toenail...
#lifeclasspoll YES (I know I'm late!)
- My workload has doubled, so I'm only maintaining. Can't wait to go full blast on BEASTMODE once again.
No matter what they say, no matter what they do --- Let it go.
When you've said all the lies you can but none of them make sence thats when yu know its
Who said i cant be single and have to go out and mingle<3
So freaking tired
Are you ever going to sell snowballs?
Yup, both HS & college! Do it :)
#Swishers CHECK #Drank CHECK #Wings CHECK #Charcoal CHECK !!!LETS GO #GRIZZLIES... Taking All Bets B4 #Tipoff MoneyTalks BullshitMute
yayayayayayayay!!!! I'm so excited!!!! I jus want to hug and kiss him!!! aawwwwww
made with our fresh lime sorbet, covered in chamoy and chile candy powder!
Yes, yes--I meant CHEESEHEADS (*$#!@ keyboard!)
well, I can't argue, David has been a good name for me. :)
#Knicks rolling right now! J.R. smith doing some great work out there
Gonna post the next part!
And a few years ago they wanted us not to have a NBA team?
Foggy, yes. But beautiful all the same. Where is that exactly, Eileen?
Bout to get up on my Sleep Shit!
Getting my hot yoga in this AM in order to clear my head. , where you at?
Champ'SoL Sports is seeking interns in Chicago, NYC & LA know of any candidates? Please send resumes to #
I've been told to expect more leaking upon landing. Delta sure knows how to show a girl a good time. :)
please follow she is you biggest fan!78
same here.
the first dude was symbolizing myself the ratchat females was next then my friends and fam was last
Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass
We wanna hear your New Year's Resolutions! @ us now for $5 driving & you'll be entered to win a getaway to later!
you rlly need a profile picture
Great launch of Cast's seminar "Team Dynamics: Resourcing for Success" for KIDP in Boston.
hi there
you.. jejemon -_- you should read it = FOREVER = 4ever
journalism is SO meta
oh ok me I'm class history I'm so bored ... !
Want my nails done!!!!!!!
How about a CherryBear Claw!! It's a Flaky bear claw filled with cherries!!!
once in english, once in italian
never to early!
#Cutler is a bitch
I ain't seen murry in a min thoe
haha love it
I was Born this way bitch!
lol grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
imma drive by and laugh at you.
A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything. No secrets and no lies.
hell yes
testing again
are you going to make #shaggfest an annual event?
Broadcasting from bed... Trying to let this little bug run it's course.
Sorry, is a bad (AWESOME) influence
Indians cruising in this game..
Working in the booth till 9pm. Wish me luck being an announcer is not my thing but whatever gets me work.
First couple of seasons are really good... then it begins to feel like a political soap opera. Picks back up near the end though.
Tonight -> Tony Wight -> Document. Not necessarily in that order.
How can you take off from where you are? Learn how with
I thoroughly intend to do just that. Along with a savory crimplene blouse. (Neighbour borrows clothes -- not sugar :-)
know any research on model school-community center collaberations? Specifically focused on academic #collab?
What factors do filmmakers weigh when determining whether or not to hire an attorney in connection with the financing of a project?
7-4 fat "L". Gave up four points in bottom of eighth. Baseball games are nine endings.
Christy Walton, world's richest woman, worth $25 billion - which she inherited after her Walmart-heir husband died. It pays to marry well!
Hey Springfield MO folks! Clear your schedule for 6.21.09. It's the Summer Solstice, and we've got the whole day taken care of for you. ;-)
i look nuthin like him who is he
Today is Human Trafficking Awareness Day so be aware that if you are not careful..they can get away.
I do this all the time!
I'm about to go to the mall and get me a short set its summer time lol
haha thank you
Thanks again for the mention!
Anyone who thinks Hitchens was only good for polemics ought to read the tender, heartbreaking 1st chapter of HITCH-22, on his mother.
black :) they look SO cute on me. My friends were like OMG get them u look adorable! How could i resist? Lol
Keynote Session with presenter Brad Wheeler begins at 8 am in Grand 1-4.
Were working on many rad ladies designs today. Super comfortable soft and flowing designer tanks & shirts, perfect for summer. Ideal fit. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Evans from had best doo at Albuquerque Regional
sounds good haha
Hope and patience are two sovereign remedies for all, the surest reposal, the softest cushions to lean on in adversity. --Robert Burton
I just can't stop listening to Kidz Bop 19 by Kidz Bop Kids!
I'm already eating my lunch....
Join Us Feb. 23 Elementary for our Black History Exhibition for student performances! Also AT&T to present ULEC with $10K check!
so is the official account of Nate Buzz?i love him,,why isn't his account verified though?
What has happened to the #Saints ability to tackle this evening?
When I Get Rich, I'm Make A List Of Hoes That Talk To Much & Just Throw Money In They Face One By One So They Could STFU.
in my day thieves were more ambitious. Get of my lawn.
my thoughts exactly!!
Star of RATLINE became a mommy this morn! Stella Lucille Williams was born, 6lbs 14oz. Congrats to Em & hubby !
Does the club still feel like an expansion team?
got to part 3 I'm addicted.
": Join Gary Danielson for a live #collegefootball video chat how much was Gary paid for the T. Richardson infomercial?
Thanks, Megan!
Good job! That means dinner's on you
Perfect! That's a great combo!
We love your holiday card! Thank you!
hey :) You just go into settings and add an image from your computer as the back ground image.
Hey everyone, lets welcome "A Fall To Break" to our page!
My mobile phone number is changing to a local DFW area code soon. I'll keep the appropriate people posted.
I'm fantastic! thank you so much, you too! :)
None of these guys can decide which programs they support funding/increasing while making major cuts.
PLEASE TRY AGAIN LATER
Eric- just sent you an email to applenorthshore... you can probably guess what for... :-)
I keep getting taunted by "deal" emails for hotels I can't even afford at half price. Sigh.
Decentralized social media account control is not scalable, hard for all internal parties to connect properly.
I can't tell if I should laugh or call for help for this guy
In heaven :)
Consumers Like Online Shopping Better Than In-Store...
His license plate scraped a decent gash in the right front fender. Minor cosmetic issue so I told him not to worry about it.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand When someone says "I'm mad at you and I ask them why and they say "I'm not telling you"
Don't miss it! You have only 5 days left.
#AGuyShould never lie to a his girl cause eventually he will get caught for what he did!
First tweet!
Awkward eye contact with a pigeon. Guess that's what you get when you're randomly sitting on the street in the city
looks much better than mine :)
Right back atcha, KA! will be the bomb-dot-com. So glad you will be there, too!
I wanna hit the studio and work hard all day
hopin can't read this tweet right now. make sure he can't walk before the night is over
I want to get to 2000 followers !!!!!
lol I'm surprised we still up?
#BUZbuz TIP: If you wanna getBUZd by game targets, engage them meaningfully. Ask them a question. Reply to a tweet. Be creative and WIN!
Sansome and Pine today, 11:30-2. Hot pies. Get some lunch!
#Lakers Get your asses to the finals already :-)
Great my fever is back
Installed a new Linksys 4200 router tonight and all my wi-fi problems are solved. After 3 years it was time for Netgear to go.
$426.17 in ld phone charges overnight, only place that could have taken my card in last 90 days, House of Nanking, visited last night.
Heading to for the first time tonight!
Don't make decisions just because you're angry, and don't make promises just because you're happy.
I had a pair of those from limited too when I was younger. Yet were hot pink
At the Madhatter in DC enjoying some delicious happy hour appetizers
Pee Wee Herman?
man everything in order. jus bad timing
I need sum gift cards asap
haha well this week was just an idea it can be when ever.. only reason i said this week is because we have a fashion show.
Watch this completely backfire into my face o_O
What should I get for lunch
Well the boot stays for another month
Alright #brewers! Three more outs!!!!
sick at home :/
You'll be bffs again tomorrow.
Panda express.
I promise I will, at some point!
Lessons can be pretty hard. Don't worry too much about scoring. You can learn a lot from feedback in wrong answers.
s/b ok. I'll tweet question tomorrow if I have 'em.
A man impales his foot on a piece of hidden rebar after jumping into Lady Bird Lake. The painful details at 9.
My son before diagnosis was told he graduated speech after diagnosis he qualified for speech again I told them he needed it
“: Tomorrows been cancelled” ??? I didn't know you the power to enact that
What a nice work out and smoothie run with and
. Comedians, sometimes, have an element of truth in what they say. If this is true, what a choice!
Sharon Creech is following me, y'all! (That sounds creepy out of context. But it's not creepy. It's awesome. Sharon Creech!)
Omg its fckin early on sunday n im nowhere near late ") cheaa
You know you can brew tea in a coffee pot, right?
Just ran into some trees...
Whose going out tonight?! Ready to get wild!
YESYESYES you guys I hate that im so far from you:(
yep. There are a few cute gender neutral names...but two very boy names in a row?!
Damn, Tony Cornish is my new favorite MN representative. I'm moving to something called Vernon Center.
If your audience says you're "Blue" online, you are "Blue" - regardless of how much money you spend to tell them you are "Red" -new Branding
Now I am replying to you! Have you figured out how to change your background. What do you want to tweet about?
This afternoon, we are talking to Congressman Ed Perlmutter. Let us know if you have a question for him.
down!!! Bump set spike!!! Tomorrow??
Will I ever have a six pack? I hate situps but I have a bikini model shoot on monday...got to put in work
"Inaction breeds doubt & fear; Action breeds confidence & courage. Go out & get busy!" Carnegie
Feel free to support even if you're not in Dallas!
Thanks! Follow us everyone! We will be giving away items at least one a month!
RT "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"And im not saying this because im a fan im saying it because he is a HARD WORKING YOUNG MAN
I love my iPhone
Do they have Mexican food in Alaska? I'll have to google it...I hope they don't only serve whale blubber a la carte
No las ah hecho :O lol
Great response! Thanks for jumping in!
another killer segment w #GrabbingmyNutsPoundingMyChest!!
WHAT IS IT
Hey Bruins! Happy spring break! Have you considered spending it on the slopes? There's tons of snow !
Does anybody other than want to go see 21 Jump Street with me?
Very true David! I've found that once you change and retrain staff to be and think positive the atmosphere of the school changes.
you'd be surprised at how well knows this song. -_-
Oh wow that would be good!
Aww don't be sad! Cheer up and relax with some music or put on your favorite movie or show!
You know it's real when your latest nights are your greatest nights
Are you referring to dog poop park?
Librarians as curriculum design consultants at UNLV
Now is the time for me to get off of here and do my homework and study for test. LUV.....
when are they going to be there??
I feel like dying
we need to see one of his videos retired be trippin on our fav
I cant wait until April 3! #Nike is set to show off the new #NFL jerseys. I just hope they don't change the #packers look that much.
A quick 1k farewell session at Nautica today, time for bigger and better things
Ario: Re, post-election, "The need for cost control and blocking power of minority party will keep everyone at the table,"
Hey It's Monday. Nuff said LOL
Today 5pm starts the new currency trading wk. pay close attention to the large movements in the euro. Except a slight up side the dwn we go
#ELI2012 important to know square roots by hand in case you're stuck in the wilderness without devices. Man-vs-WildMath
Hey #Alabama - is that supposed to be a Houndstooth-patterned ribbon on the field? What's that about?
Follow and support #southcarolina #farms, #farmers, and
Attending launch of NTIA's digital literacy portal at Coppin State U. Portal goes live later today!
every time you use XML, a JSON angel dies.
Must be paranoid ?
Anyone wanna start a huddle?? Google +
I saw a good wtf one at my hotel. It said &quot;Cocktails&quot; and had a QR code below. Do I scan it and get a drink?
hot hot world man
at best
morgan signed with the Redskins. :(
having you hold me and touch my stomach is just the most amazing feeling
Well I just need to stop bowling cause I suck.....
okay time to go to this boring class :)
My boyfriend's new job is taking over our lives & I hate it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Discover and produce an ACTUAL lost work of #Shakespeare, thus leading to worldwide fame and eternal canonization
Thx to everyone who made it out on a school night last night. It was an awesome show. We will do it again tonight up in Santa Fe.
& TV ads for 'orig art' at 'Starving Artist' sale coming up-what a DISGRACE to Real artists in LV!
this dvd menu screen is totally bitchin.
Perhaps because education will be the main tool, and not locking people up or shooting at them. (cc: )
It's not a children's book at all. My bad. I was making a joke and didn't bother to explain afterward. And no vampires. :)
so if tony stark wasn't tony stark, you would be tony stark?
fantastic, gotta try to start the Sunday night hmwrk crackdown wompwomp. We #graduate SO SOON
no no no their not loll
Laura just getting over a cold (mainly cough). Now it's my turn--just starting.
:-) Yes, let's! I'd love to connect. Will reach out when I'm in Atlanta next. Should be soon.
Do you have a #Facebook Page?
So when can we expect the Fairytale Divorce of Kim Kardashian Part 1&2?
Tom Brady over 500 yards passing. WOW!!
We're hiring. Send a note to
Amazon Fresh should expand to Vashon. I bet it would be a great market, I would totally pay extra for the ferry delivery.
wahoooooooooooooooooooooooo! You are officially a rock star too, in case you didn't feel that way also =)
Maybe I should start my homework...nope ill just look up sexy pics of
is upset that we can't stop at the BK with the largest indoor playground in the US.
stop playing tice. L.A ! thats how you get down im disappointed! !!
Save the date..April 30th and May 1st auditions for the NYC summer youth production. Place &Times TBA.
i wore your 3D glasses into Wal-mart and i got some weird stares haha but im just represesenting my purple swagger :P luv you!
Talk this morning with Mel Chin, Swoon, amongst others was inspiring; New Orleans will continue to rise as an art epicenter.
RT One of world's most powerful questions: "can you give me a concrete example?" [Almost as good: "Name three."]
for every purchase you make, we will donate a pair of #Share#Happy socks to a child in need.
do we get any hints?! lol
i was hoping that Bones doesn't forget about "Dancing Falangies" (sp) :-) :-)
Thanks, you're the sweetest! RT
I knowww I love it!!!
#giants you're killing me!
Bruce Springsteen is rocking out, no photos bc this place is a madhouse and were in the nosebleed section
New name and Avi..
We're thrilled to be working with you and
putting me to work I love it!!!
Hey Designers, what are your thoughts on #crowdsourcing? For it? against it?Don't care? DM me. Thx.
MT If world ever learns names of those Navy SEALs who took out Bin Laden, those guys will never have to buy their own drinks again
Occupiers want to take the Goverment away from Big Corps. and give the power back to the people
RT if you suffer from reptile dysfunction.
I may have accidentally unfollowed 2 people, I may not have, I'm just not sure...if it was you, let me know please!
To our #snowy club members on the west coast, come home and enjoy sun or #Aloha!
Trees along 35th are just starting to change color - so pretty with the October sun filtering through.
Sure next weeks slot is full but how about Monday 04/23?
what's the best way to shoot you some instrumentals? I'm in ATX at
Just checked it out for you. No issues - just a character limit for each txtbox. Try cutting down text and see if that works.
well bah humbug
Baby Gabriel case: Messages flew between principals
Methinks that is a legislation wonk. You should run for ALA Council! :)
The new twitter is weird...
Ok im woke now
well at least he will be there! Glad to hear it. I saw some photos of Karl on fb and he is starting to look like your dad
How about this....for every project I do for free, the other 3 must be PAID work!
": Nobody deserves a ring more than lebron" Forreal after the sorry ass teams he had to cope with those 7 years in Cleveland.
I was never one to drink my own brew..usually because I wound up thinking my men were against me and it could end very badly for that person
oh ok then (: haha
russ f is like an old boyfriend who was just the best thing going as long as he was the center of attention. when i mentioned my life....
this girl is gonna kidnap me , make me Dj for her and I'm gonna be Mia....hahaha #watchoutforvanessa lol
ME TO!
... I guess I should say, "go mrs. patsos!" love Michele!! :)
PR Tip: The media loves Best & Worst Lists. Can you pitch a story about the best and worst bosses, parents, exercises or excuses?
OMFG THEY USED RACHAEL'S QUESTION. I KNEW IT THE MINUTE HE SAID "RACHAEL FROM CANADA" HOLY TALETO
great question from (?) about gender-based expectations wrt to "tinkering"
This #SFGiants game is getting really good.
I'm at the right now. Super Secret Show y'all!!!! Only 4 people. So super dooper secret show!!
Why is it that everytime I tell someone I meet at #gdc that I'm an indie iOS game developer they immediately assume I'm looking for a job?
"I just passed six trucks. All I was doing was keeping up with the Prius."
Hey, it's "Unicorn Shepherd" u need 1 to lead the rest of the unicorns that make up your designvelopment team. :p
Send me good quotes! I'll reTweet the good ones :) GO!!
Seriously, I just love film festivals.
I cleared up my Google Reader subscriptions and already feel liberated! :)
It's part of the storyline...he'll be back“: I'm confused. Why did leznar come back to begin with? No more wrestling tweets.”
You too :o)
of course (: follow me <333
Yes! Media spins "carts vs. restaurants" but we are cut from same cloth. Like to hear more on how you'd integrate.
One of the many things I miss about living in the Wash, DC area: #SOTU drinking games.
good news! I'll show you around town while you're here
so i told her hey "u into fitness? how bout fit-n-ess dick in ya mouf"
. they'll be out from 12-4pm serving up lemonade..bring friends and spread the word :)
just ate something called "stew cream". learning astounding things about Japanese cuisine.
I have a sassy cabin attendant named Angee. This should be fun.
It's worth it! They taste so good!
That feeling when you realize you left your laptop cord back at home and need to buy a temporary replacement tomorrow.
Wish that was doing something! Just moved up here and don't see an active website/events :(
I can honestly say jessica your amazing and i love you oh soo very much .... We need to hang out in the summer.. kloveee youu Tyler J
Ah, the Grand Opening. Good times.
Josh Hamilton did not play on #Reds when they won the division in 2010.
Indian stocks to watch-May 11
The sabbath was made for man and there fore must give way to man's necessity.
Thank you. and I are glad you liked the book :-)
Well, here's another: There are 336 dimples on an American regulation golf ball. The British version = 330.
Thinking about all the things you've been through makes me know you will be okay. I love you !
: Typically early morning. Somewhere between night and sunrise. :)
I've been alive the whole time bb
Liam hemsworth is yummy. Nuff said.
i'm magic. I actually wasn't there at all.
scouts honor shanay o'connor
too nice to come back inside
Already loving the support I'm getting from , but I'm not at all surprised.
I'm ready for the 2012 One Shining Moment video
Thanks! We'll get together soon! I'm playin' Monday!
Kobe is a cold-blooded killer...gonna be a great game!
Just finished Generation Kill series and I enjoyed it. Hoo-rah!
"Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out."
i think it is wholly inappropriate that they sell 'love cuffs' in the toy section in cvs. thank you catholic womens college for this POV.
. Is that all trash that has already been collected by the bandalong, or was it filled for a photo op?
Just sent off the copyright form for my article...Publication processes are interesting...very mystical and otherworldly
the only thing that loves doing more than playing his violin for you is pretending he's Tom Cruise in Top Gun
Congrats on the big win today!
#DBoys using Trapstarz, Inc. are not #DBoys anymore they are #BusinessOwners now and the House and Rolls Royce Phantom is accounted for!
Watching Disney movies and eating pizza with Kayleigh. I'm so glad my best friend is so happy all the time now even when I'm not.<3
Don't forget - IEPPal introduction and training webinar tomorrow, September 7th, at 1:00pm Eastern - send us an email to register!
GSLIS Students, please join in for a lunchtime lecture by Melanie Kimball in P210 at noon. Bring your lunch and enjoy light refreshments!
Verstehe. You're in good company in that regard.
omg go audition!!!
I'm 1 for 1 on my new years resolution....to start peeing the bed. At someone elses house. Happy new year!
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. ~Winston Churchill~
so cute :)
Second night with Kenny Barron. Can't wait for the 10:00 set!
Im Rockin in my Rock Jeans
"My name's Paul,and that's between y'all.".
Pitino's trial starts 2day N Ville. Should B interesting what is brought out during the trail no bueno during recruiting period
ok the norm lol I thought u just went al out
BYE TALK TO YA LATER :)
Going back to basics with Aiden.. getting him some #Boardgames for his birthday.
About to start another weekend in KC. The team gets back this weekend time to grind. Players are made in the off season. I hope they r ready
Love that scene! Back in the good ol' days when AZ had a production incentive bill and Old Tuscon Studios was very active
mix going strong I can't wait for people to watch this one!
Respect is earned.
merry Christmas!!
I so fucking love your voice. What planet are you from?
how about quitting altogether?
I hate competition - more than anyone I know.
RT : Happy Friday. Support your local economy today. Shop at a local independent businesses. Make an effort.
lolol i know ;)
I'm so jealous, I got kicked out and can't get back in! All the cool kids are partying without me.
So I'm cleaning & not only found a HamburgerHelper box w/a "Best If Used By" date of 5/09, I also found my GB season tix postcard .. #76,813
Sarah I just fucking love you to pieces, okay? <3 xD
hey, am I going to see you guys at DML?
i did shoutout please
ah come on!! Give it up for the polar bears!
Can't wait to sniff all of you on June 22nd ;-)
. Thank you, Jan, for including my post in your Daily at ONE*Y. I appreciate the nod. ~ Dina
checking in to MARAC early, eh?
longest, hardest, weirdest, most tiring and emotional track meet there was...but it was by far the best :)
We opted for the family style fried chicken. My husband said it was like an angel made his dinner. Ahhhmazing
Have a great Friday tweeps
Can't wait to check out tonight for the first time.
do you miss Chicago'?
Harvard makes me vomit RT : Switching this article I'm revising from MLA format to Chicago to APA to Harvard JUST FOR FUN
Why did justice Scalia reprise Dana Carvey "choppin broccoli" routine as a basis for deciding the fate of our health care????
I'm at a public liberal arts college in WNY--what are your requirements for a Prince conf? VERY SERIOUS.
I like the concept, been following the inventor on twitter, but implementation seems kinda complicated.
Sat at an Indian. All I can smell is curry. Can't order. Need to wait!
ya okay
Merry Christmas
WINNER! RT Apparently for antonio cromartie it's having babies. “RT: What's your most ridiculous sports superstition?
Alas although didn't make it to NY to see FELA! this weekend I am going to see Kankouran tonight at Dance Place.
thanks Kevin! I got a membership so I have no excuse now lol
YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE THATS THE MOTTO NIGGA YOLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
“: Friday or Saturday night?”. GEMINI is playing Saturday night at Carey's Tavern in Westfield @ 10pm.
yo the link won't work?
same reason we "need ID to get ID"??
Scrum moves forward, turns, pen, 12 trees kicks to touch
Coffee and a cigarette .. ahh . Goodmorning !!
UR out of your mind putting Miller at 20. Easy top 10... maybe even top 5. Great sight lines, close to downtown and the food!
And Portugal the man is apparently terrible.
Two weeks most likely.
Seriously, it's about to be food coma in a few min.
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
Hey #library folks: is it weird to attend the pre-conference and NOT go to ? Don't know if I can manage both.
Okay let me get started on drawing this Logo so i can get to designing!
Anyone want to join me for the Seattle Rain Festival? It's from January 1st until December 31st.
I think your twitter account has been hacked. I got a "funny picture" message from you.
Oregon SoS office says that the only way business registration laws are enforced are thru B or civil legal action.
Great meeting you last night! Thanks again for attending #wtw2012 and being a great role model to young women!
My Religion is simple; My Religion is kindness ~ Dalai Lama
&& what the fuck you know about bein' in danger?
lucky. I got a bag of rocks on my news desk.
just watched the Dex finale last night... I was on the edge of my seat!! and the end!!! ah!!!
RT A #Leo cannot be tamed.
If auths, eds, and pubs cant make a living off of books, THAT will stop the flow of info, not the "high" cost of ebooks.
It's hard to forget those that give you so much to remember.
Is it just me... or do I smell Santa...
Maisie and Opal. Can't wait for Spring.
Seriously?Sent it out like 2 weeks later, I think. Email your address to and I'll send another one
And... your looking at me!! lol nah, i wish!
About to see Coalesce.
Just got my boots!!! :)
RT : The journey from bitterness to forgiveness helps us build muscle to take the journey from forgiveness to trust.
Can't wait for tonight!
February Housing Scorecard Details Fragility of Market
you gotta come grab it yourself, I couldn't get pat his application either
Time for an eye appointment. Woo!
I'm terrible with filler words too! Practice on Twitter: the character limitation can actually help you become more concise!
Awesome, thanks for the suggestion! (Now I need to go see the movie again.)
R. I. P. Aunt Jane
I can wait longer
My personality is who I am, my attitude depends on who you are.
i Love you Julian <3!
Its back... #DmvShod New Mobile App #Download Now FREE Go to ur Android Market and search DMV-SHOD
yea that year was fun
its not unknown I already knew that(:
lol that akward moment when somebody i.m you and you look and say oo there go his/her stalking ass
Thanks for the follow <3 xoxo
Anyone got opinions on the Nokia N79, Casio Exilim or SE 903a? Please help me pick a #phone! Should keep #lib love of tech in mind I suppose
what's up kid killin it in my charger lol
you and good friends now?
Hey Mo, when're we going to talk about that animated series?
ugh... stuck at my mom's work while she's at a meeting.... so so so bored!!!! =P
Just loaded Hootsuite to the Droid. Any tips?
OFFICIALLY A COLLEGE SOPHOMORE!
My homegirl is on her way here!
Sounds good. Our next session is 2/18. send me email to
It's URCAD, one of the most exciting days of the year !
I love my bus driver! He bought everybody on the bus a $5 gift card! That's like $500 for everybody!gunna go buy a hobo a cheeseburger now!!
Can't wait for my #pureromance party with on Saturday!! Get ready :-)
RT : If you wanna be trusted, be honest. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
maybe just a little thing;)
would love to hear do a cover of "ain't now but it's gonna be"
I enjoyed watching you as a player and listening to you announce games. what has been ur biggest adjustment to being a coach?
Lmaoo Dang, you caught me up.
is that your boo <U+26C4>
Oh man. On a tour bus. Dude from opening band is trying so hard. World is insane.
nuthan hit my phone.
In an old Chicago meat plant, greens and fish grow
Today is Cyber Monday. But just barely until we have cyborgs and the super internet. Until then enjoy semi-cyber monday.
hahah I don't make sense!
is sitting at a keyboard in front of a screen, smiling at the dirt under his nails.
Today is a nice day for tanning .
FLKING U NOT CING JOE JONAS
I would love for someone to make a street team of me soon! :)
I'm at the north end of Broadway.
it a man game woman...LOL
best afternoon #pandora station #empireofthesun #happyfriday!
maybe we should go into the baking business
following the feed from the #mRec event. Interesting stuff!
I think Troy Mcclure needs more bubble gum b/c I doubt he can kick anyone's ass.
Oh man, AGREED!!! RT : i can deal with "no" just fine. the blow off infuriates me to no end.
I think it's pretty unfair how Santa gives the more expensive presents to the wealthier kids.
rat is following me on twitter. LOL.
So long
just paying rent on time and keeping the lights on haha
I know, right? It certainly has a profound effect, esp if social or physical dev is "behind" intellectual
5 years? Wow. I need some of that mojo.
I had a dream last night that birthday was 2 days ago & I forgot to tell her.. I felt soo bad! Haha
Being alive may not be a choice.
i want to go sky diveing ^.^
welcome to the family!! we're excited to be working with you :)
Never that, son! RT : CHELSEA>Barcelona
Thanks for sharing. It was a crazy fight
Dang it, I've been without a phone for like 2 days and my life already blows!!!
Yes . First time bitch !
I did end up setting my fuzzyfinder to semi-colon, though — which has made opening up files extremely fast.
The hashtag for Lifestyle Pavilion tweets it #BJALP Get your tweet on!
He was good 4 Alex, but I'd say Mia. They were a good match. RT : OTH POLL: Chase should've ended up with...
unfortunately not :(
i thought today would be a good day. then i got smashmouth stuck in my head.
I have a slight headache
“: practice today... we're canceling it to give our guys rest. ... Erm, youngest team in the league?
"these are stairs." - a perceptive old lady
heck yea ikr! I be thinking the same thing when I watch it lol.
Lot of fellas don't know what they're doing such a laugh! Hey I don't know what I'm doing either.
My album been out 2 months and if you don't have it by now thanks for nothing. Maybe i will convert you next album into a supporter
word. And that's what matters!
I LOVE it. I would definitely suggest you get one :)
stop it im so jealous!!
Mediation brief due tomorrow. No time to tweet.
Not quite a wedding ruining, but this sort of happened to me.
When people fake the dance moms accounts I can't c how they're fans by faking an account especially the dancers they're just kids why fake?
Never let a man on a pedestal be the first to inform you.
All Digs Go to Heaven 2
Jamie Moyer is a bad ass motherfucker
Yes I can take a joke but you saying mean stuff about me isn't funny
I tweet my #allergy finds 4 the love of sharing I'm NOT paid by any of the companies. If that changes I'll let ya know! Thx 4 following.
Dear Bitches, Im Glad Yhu Hate Me Keep Hating Yhu Just Making Yourself Weaker Weaker Everyday For Yourself I Appreciate Yhur Convos about me
Lia’s happy hour is in my humble opinion the best in Friendship Heights area!
"so wait, does the Volvo have NOS?" haha
Its a final: Bloomington South 76, North Central 66. Nice!!
Ohh Today is going to be a great day!!!!
they know and they got a need, BG might not want to see u fly away but BHS teachigs need to be taught like wu tang
: RT : Loving my nude lip gloss. It's perfect for my natural makeup :)))
Lots of work and little sleep. Thankful for a day of rest tomorrow. ...After I get off at 9:30
Youth totally related to my life,now I realize God gives his hardest battles to his toughest soldiers.Amazed how clearly His messages come.
Ewan McGregor joins Cannes jury - BBC News
Bronzer should always be 2-4 shades deeper depending if using it to to bronze or contour.
“: pissed next to Patrick Kane today........#mifflin #legoblues”<<-- Life's downhill from here.
#TwitterPeopleILove Stanford Ace
SDHome/Garden Magazine Adds Three Chefs to its Hall of Fame Roster in December issue!
Come in and try our NEW delicious Panini's!!!! Fresh made just for you when you order!
This is just not my day.
The graduation of frat boys to frat men: when they wear socks with their Sperrys.
Why do people dislike rail transportation so much? It seems to make sense to me and would get cars off of the roads.
Social media so much more integrated into our lives (Mom's on FB). Hard to maintain seperate identity.
wow you got talent i didnt like rap but since i heard fok mwen ale i started listening to rap and i heard la vi bel
Oh you MUST have peanut butter in there - maybe its anchoring the chocolate squares?
Im sad I wont be able to go to TNR at tonight. No ride! Bo! :(
I'm sure you look fine but makes sense! Exciting times!!!
3.2 innings 2 hits, 7 k's, I wanna thank Willy P, for throwing 95 and then allowing me to come in throwing 77 mph changeups
Want to help a new #Houston #theatre We are trying to get 500 followers by 9/9 when #FarragutNorth opens. Mention or RT
Appreciate What You HAVE Before It Becomes What You HAD.
sorry to burst your bubble im not the girl from last night lmfao stop sexting me
totally. Well, my clothes will be dirty.
Listen to what when It comes to a better duo. Watch the show tonight!
im so #tired :]
i meant to say hurt you lmaoo this laptop is stupid
uhh that what it seems. and yea i dont know you cause we dont talk. and yea :P
Loving your hair when it is perfectly straight.
#ThingsIWantTheMost Tons of Voice-Over and Illustration work! And this recession to end.
I'm having twitterpeeps withdrawal. Got used to seeing everyone!
STEP YO COOKIES UP !!!!
Ambien scorched my tongue on chocolate cake last night :(
I like long walks on the beach & have 3GB of FREE cloud storage! What more do you need in a social search engine
RT : "It takes a campus community & a good experience to bring in a class." Good rect + deliver on promise = enrollment success
Sup Long Beach!
Didn't get to watch but I'm gonna vote tonight! How did my boy do tonight? Score? Don't forget to vote for him!!!
Let us walk you through your debt relief options.
Hey look, Adele!
Guaranteeing that this documentary will become fiction
how did Etem do?
FUCK YOURSELF TWICE.
I am getting hungry, as always.
#TNT #NBA EJ..tell chuck tonight's the night he's really goin to lose like a man
what the fuck is school?
This ones for all you mom's out there !
"Everywhere I look, you're all I see. Did you mean anything? Can't you see you're my everything?"
is here giving all our clients #glammakeuplesson ...
so jealous! Taking Dan to Mendocino when I get my royalties check.
It was a beautiful thing, wasn't it?
RT When you run behind a nigga and have nothing going for yourself.., I refuse to Respect You!!
how does one "go to bed early"?
Off to facilitate a client's leadership development forum that combines case discussions with action learning. Awesome week ahead!
ooc; as you wish babe, don't let your daddy break your heart- again!
love these guys tweets! follow them!
I would have stayed up with you all night,had I known
"Dreams are illustrations... from the book your soul is writing about you." ~Marsha Norman
RT Starting my diet and exercise back up tomorrow!
Seriously. Hoodies are just attachable hats. When your head gets cold, "Where's my hat? Right in back. Don't gotta look for it."
Haven't Talked To In A While
Gotta Go! The Big Mac is now buy one get one FREE!
If you need burst of powerful perspective on our shallow preoccupations, begin reading "Empty Promises" by
14846 try it
I'd make her stay up with me lol
Hey ! ? For U! How do u get a price quote of a prospective route before actually scheduling/requesting the driver to pick you up?
PULP tonight! Talk of Pulp is making me crave octopus, though.
I find that to be a beautiful thing. Go Flyers!
ok, time to take a
Live Irish music on a Sunday night. Sounds good to me!
have great valentines day!
awesome spanking penz!
RT "I love reading. You know why Ms. Cori? It makes my brain learn more." - kindergarten student at a City Year school
Do what you love! Let us know if we can help...
NOBODY WILL ANSWER ME!!
I had a blast tonight at #redkiva with thank you
ok thank god bc i just retweeted them and noticed the title was "long hair dont care" and laughed to myself 4 a good 2 minutes
Hey : 24-7 the thunder will roll!!!!
New Music Coming March 20th, 2012...
NaLee the beginning of a trilogy... Check it out at NaLee2010.com mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make...
vilma out for the year... bucs sign a paralyzed dude... good day to be a falcons fan!
Okay, what's everyone doing for Valentines Day... Besides the obvious ;)
Welcome Love <33
Hey, Glenn. Can I hire you to promote my novel??? :0)
People do annoying shit, gotta grow up and ignore that shit man
Last night got weird. I wish I was still sleeping. I want Dunkin Donuts.
Let's never forget Mary Pat Shelby. She's gone through a lot...
Thank you ! ...and thanks for the attempted tweet
Getting ready to take the kids to doe their #springfling!
DM your email and the last one is all yours!
One reason a dog can be such a comfort when you're feeling blue is that he doesn't try to find out why. — Author unknown
Just what I needed to start my day: An email with the subject head "Whiskey Flavored Sex Lube." Thank you, #food PR people...
when does school start like 8?
Definitely going out and celebrating. I been on 10 all day listening to music! Ready for tonight!
Giving a Second Chance to an Old Friend | The Wheat Free Family
Happy Month Three Hattie Margaret! We love you.
the fact that she thinks she and aubrey are just "strong women" makes me sick. i am-and i don't bully people!
working that African Workout today - Tribal Energy Cardio
then dont worry :) your by my law more important than anyone
Mid Day snack attack time....SAMOSAS!!!
Be careful - they are addictive...
I don't know who did the list but am surprised I'm on it. Well, barely on it. In number 20.
As soon as someone starts telling you to be realistic..cross them off your invitation list!!!
I swear to god, why are there fireworks? On an unrelated note, Burger King now delivers in Madison. Tempted.
#replacebandnameswithorgasm cage the orgasm, theory of an orgasm, orgasm from an airplane
"Must of drunk ATM'd" -
RT : Just bring it! #allin. This is our time!
if you say so
“: Tweeting from the Asylum on or Kraft Beer Tour.....amazing." Thanks for coming!
LET'S. GO. BULLS.
Wind energy c provide us with cleaner air and much healthier environment.
what's da name
what? How could she have been with you all week if she was with me last night? XD
I liked Hugh's song and dance numbers and the way the did things like the Screenwriting presentation
would love to
RT : Anyone have examples of inquiry based authentic learning in early elementary school classrooms.?
lol You'd certainly have a winning argment there !
How long do they plan on picketing?
they all over the PLACE
I do too! And NOW the fight truly begins!
Samantha Shandrow, you've won a Tier 2 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
yeah she def is a WHOLE LOTTA that too !!
Well I'm done being a mexican for now the lawn is cut !
And it is sure to rain cats and dogs tonight « Just My Life
preferably an archival solution that doesn't rely on a corporate cloud.
I forgot to ask u how was Hawaii?? And CAs coo gettin fuckin hot tho lol
Game ain't over, Bucks were down 12
I don't actually HAVE nuts, but all of that sounds absolutely terrible.
Thanks for the #FF! We are grateful to have Fanny Starr's testimony in the archive.
Haha bet she was thrilled.
I hear there's a sequel to "The Grey" planned where Liam Neeson hunts down a ragtag bunch of plane-wrecked wolves.
Leah could of went, but i think are working the love bird angle a bit, that might be next weeks pick
coming to some events at on Wed and Thurs. Checking out schedule now!
Slam Chase
Oh hai there!
Want someone to help hold you accountable to your fitness goals? I'd love to be that person! Just ask:)
Getting some music ready 4 Cathouse tonight... Gotta make sure I rock the new singles from and from
Only 13 hours until it's time to kick off St. Patty's week!
yes I'll send you a DM with it.
i am going.. i can't stay up any longer. i had a nap today so i couldn't sleep tonight
That is opportunity cost. When you test in 2 domains, other domains lose focus.
hope Vaughn makes the team!
RT Rick Perry's favorite numbers are 1, 2 and... and... um... oh, what's that other one? My bad.
I didn't even get to meet him <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
What a great night for New York baseball!!!!!
According to the dentist's office, I never existed. According to Stevens, "reality is not the thing but the aspect of the thing."
"The Maya calendar is going to keep going and keep going for ... a huge number that we can't even wrap our heads around."
Budweiser...what I drank before I discovered real beer.
im confused
Worked 9 hrs now to work out!!! :)
Thanks so much, I love being in an artist's network of support & encouragement, best friends ever!
i guess i'm about to find out? :D i haven't seen it yet, but i keep hearing that it's beautiful.
did u go to the dance?
hello hun how you doing
You can't go wrong by following any of the DRF, BloodHorse writers, etc. + also tweet a bunch, too.
YEEEEESSSSSSSS I LOVE IT!
Skifta (for Android) - PC Magazine
RT : Don't block the cock... you gotta guide it <-- lol freak
Important movie to see. RT : If you are on Twitter, please retweet this #seeredtailsmoviethisweekend AND make it your hash tag
"Do Something. If it works, do more of it. If it doesn't, do something else." -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
I like the view from here, so far I can't see you from here. Aye!!!
I've really learned a lot this year. Funny to look back upon it all
Steelers...Jets?..
Big day on the blue clay for Kastles at the on Monday with , and all in action!
The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply. -Denis Waitley
PROCRASTINATION WHY DO YOU EXIST!!!!!!!!
Thank you! Anything that's not a chain is always helpful!
This Fucking jackhammer noise this morning said fuck my sleeping in plans <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
trying to arrange something in san palo with bicycle film festival eventually yes
All that me and talked about yesterday was the 1D interview when the interviewer say louis name wrong #istillloveyoulouis <3
almost finished! Who’s got the data? Interdependencies in Science and Technology Collaborations. Coming to a journal near you soon...
Awww!! Im sorry!! Hopefully something lively happens!! Then it won't be soo boring!! :))<3
I really want to watch Kat Williams now.
its been a busy list lately. I think its a good thing :)
hey doll! I miss you -- love seeing all the success with Tornado Warning though. You go! The world needs people like you.
haha I see you chief..how you been?
To the extent that we are all educated and informed, we will be more equipped to deal with the gut issues that tend to divide us
- send it over Chris
He's honoring his Smurf brethren. Y does Leif have his face painted?
to knit or to tweet, that is the question RT : Love that I'm sitting in the #sca11 plenary with knitters, working on my socks.
no just snow
Aimee Bohn is the only person who retweets my stuff.
hey u need to fucks wit WTB foreal fucks wit that room
my brother is the biggest retard i have ever met
Oh thts cool.just a normal day in Ohio.terrorists tried to blowup a bridge 15mins from my house.
Oh yeah and I had an amazing dream with last night ;D
Is everyone ready for Halloween this year, I know I am, please tweet what you're gonna be and I'll tell you what I'm gonna be
and to follow me
Can't remember whether I go in at 8 or 9 tomorrow. Oh well - I'm picking 9 and they'll call me if I'm wrong :D
When we are no longer able to change a situation... We are challenged to change ourselves.
I will retweet one of your tweets if you retweet one of mine! -lemme know
Wait, what? $159 is the cheapest ticket?
girl i been tweeting yuu!! LOL
Mane a nigga 2 hungry...wat should I get???
“I’ve entered the x #StonedImmaculate contest.”
Miller Park attracts alot of out of state fans. I.e. Cubs Cardinals Bucks dont do that.
You better watch out. Cows can get hurt by the flying balls coming out of the
You would be a great radio interview.
Belts. They are the best investment!!
We would be honoured to have you on our show Dorian, your life story shared will inspire our listeners :)
Relationship capital is the new venture capital - its the relationship that creates value.
That definitely sucks. Consider all the related economic ramifications, like the prices for bakery items & cakes going up!
hey guys, were just checking in to see how that blurb is coming along. :)
What would it cost to bring the laser rocket arm to Texas? I need a decent second starter behind me.
I love wedding jams!
Tweet or die brroo
You can only run from your problems until you realize the world is round and you will just end up running right back into them.
Wish I didn't know now, what I didn't know then
3/20/1754->R Dinwiddie:I was favourd w/ your Letter inclosing Lt Col Commission..I am vain enough to believe I shall not be an unfit Member
I once lived next to a couple named Pat and Jan. She was Pat and he was Jan.
Date for No Doubt's new album-September 25th
TGIF. What are you planning for this weekend?
it's been to long since we've talked..
I'm glad I'm not the only person to take offense of his approach! Thank you.
I know it is late in the day for #FF but my schedule seems a bit off! Happy day 2
do you know whats on the menu of these 1000 dinners he has?
Is Todd Haley dressed as a bum for Halloween?
I'm on at about 10pm! Stop thru and drop me a line :)
First the school rally, now hanging out !
Sorry if I wake any of u up last min challenge sorry I apologize for every thing to but I like to be consideret of other people :-D
Awww! Tell Girum Jen says HI! I hope you enjoy your ride! :)
Ariana Grande is awesome who thinks so too?
The true essence of love is continuously loving someone without knowing the reason why you love him/her.
She acts like summer & walks like rain
I've seen two ESPN aired baseball game's and each time you guys talk about twitter.. DO YOUR JOBS
Picking up my technics today
BRUINS! 1pm stop by and visit!
Gay bingo only at the cabaret
Things Happen For a Reason..
Brochures are in the mail! Not on our mailing list? Email for more info! 816.531.PLAY www.unicorntheatre.org
Topeka bound! Get to listen to Cali sing the John wall for 45 mins.
Words can be dangerous. Please write responsibly.
because it happens everyday...innocent people get killed...
NIce tips for 'forking' our syllabi: crediting provenance and innovation.
Yea i have my concerns!
Late to the game, but congrats to and everyone else who became a ¡Doctor of Philosophy! or ¡Master of Science! today!
Mom: I'll sleep out here Me: Ur not sleeping on the couch. Take my bed & I'll sleep out here Mom: Why, so u can watch dirty movies? #WTF?
work work work. Fun fun in a bun.
#glee How much fun is this show? I hope it lives up to the pilot and garners a strong following.
surprise to know one. Still wish he'd have stayed a year to develop as a receiver. Support him 100% though.
Oh good to know, then Thurs. might do that! I think more people can make it when it's late at night.
OKayy so i'm gonna go back and read . Tweet ya later <3
GSA and SECRET SERVICE want to use guns from Fast&Furious to get better Hotel deals to celebrate FIRST GAY PRESIDENT
If there is anything we wish to change in the child, we should first examine it and see whether it is not something that could b
how is your day going and if you ever want to talk just hit me up
Can't wait to get home, so I can use my laptop again!
Everybody go vote for Megan and Liz in the I Heart Radio Contest right now! You can vote up to 25 times a day!
Perfect night for Tampico and a movie! What do you recommend?
Just lost that hard 10 pounds after reading 4 Hour Workout. A few changes in food intake and exercise. All in a few weeks
today is that something special happen
heh! does one ever need excuse?
@ the Library: its dead here, which is nice because it means I get to work on my flyer on teen books being made into movies.
havent even been to bed yet
Hm maybe you shouldn't be wearing a dress and have your legs spread apart with company over...so trashy.
your welcome<3
Frozen yogurt:)!
love them! new fave
Just saw a guy that looks like Joe Paterno pick his nose outside the liquor store.
Got that sucker bet.
there's no ale8 anywhere but ky. Use to make my parents bring it to me when we lived in SC.
what did they do? Didnt see it.
"Lisa B helps you cover a great deal of seasonal ground in this eclectic, fun and highly entertaining release." Jazz blog
beats and rhymes.....
how do you get verified
When I look into the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes. -Oprah
Clary Sage Herbarium! You rock our world!!!
your welcome hun(:
thanks girl ^_^
District Track Meet tomorrow (well actually today) and I should be asleep :/
I think I made a lot of friends at work because I'm just bad ass& everyone wants a chance to talk to me. Lol jk
safe travels home 2mrrw. Hope u both had gr8 weather & a good day.
Every tooth in a man's head is more valuable than a diamond. ~Miguel de Cervantes, Don Quixote, 1605
so true. I consider myself the epitome of masculinity. :) I don't take it seriously, though. Ignorance no longer phases me.
All successful employers are stalking people who will do the unusual, people who think.
Peter, Sunday, Philly how many more of these days will I have left here on the east coast (@ Knock Restaurant & Bar w/ 2 others)
Thx and just sent message to my rep and hope he is a transit supporter!
Dennis Probst wants his tail back.
Yes. Disappointingly misleading!
That's cool. If you know anyone selling tix, let me or Nick Fink know. Appreciate it!
: is the new Anna Quindlan in stock yet? Is the ' in? The new NF re: Grant? Random wants.
What do people do #friday night in #Orlando #Florida?
I wanna play tennis..where are all my tennis opponents...
IM SO GLAD IM NOT AN ELEPHANT I WOULD NEVER GIVE BIRTH
I'm looking forward to reading it!
Hm, that analogy could use some work.
I hate women with large boobs. Disgusting. Lol
Why do I feel my brackets are already busted and the games haven't started yet?
Don't be afraid to try something unfamiliar when you get to electives (web design to cataloging). I am often surprised when I love it!
thanks amy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
pictures speak a thousand characters
Aw man, I gotta wear the socks I HAD ON YESTERDAY. Now their all stretched out and weird. #notwhitewhineseriousbusiness Cc:
Squid Attack will be starting in 44 minutes at the Hawthorne BV, come and join us!
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement.~Henry Ford
:'( i love you please forgive me it was my mom :'(
Anyone else find the host of #SweetGenius a little creepy?
p.s. search "backin up song" on youtube! hilarious!! instant classic.
really? I use it just enough I might start factoring into monthly budget
follow follow follow
Moving day!
Whoever invented the pillow pet (happy nappers included) should win an award for scamming kids.....before I throttle him/her.
AWESOME coverage and work tonight covering #TampaCrit! Jason and - thank you! Tampa is GREAT!
Just got back to my hotel rm. Sure womens conference in Springfield, MA. Off the chain!!!
Thank you so much! Please tell your friends about us, how are ya?!
That is what we love to hear! Thanks!
what do you LOVE?
Sorry Seal. My bad.
I spoke too soon
Kate Bowers (Harvard)): has 8 repositories using 1 instance AT
busy creating change, my brotha. YOu? I hope well. (((hugz)))
Lol LA fans, line to get in game it's 740 game says 730 start. Hope we don't miss too much of it
Do you know someone who needs a base tan or spray tan? Refer a new client and get a FREE tan :)
Did u get a booth at Two Keys??
RIP MCA. Keep Fightin' for the Right to Party
Watching H2 and the history of Cocaine... Dude said he didnt feel anything but was cleaning his house and talking bout nothing lol
These caption photos on instagram are cracking me up.
Next up at #WFUD12, the former Poet Laureate of the US!!
8pm performance 70% Sold! Get your Tickets before they're gone! 4pm, show us your Thur/Sat/Sun Single-Day #ComicCon badge & save $10
Tomorrow? RT : Bayliss will be insufferable tomorrow.
aww thanks! You are too! :)
thanks for the 15 update. Good job!
": S/O to best sub ever" Thank you for helping to make it great.
Lucky RT : Just lifted and ran with Dallas Clark at So I mean I guess it's been a pretty good Friday morning
Does anyone have song recommendations for Restaurant Creatives as we climb our mountain of work this beautiful Sunday morning?!
Did you get the day off for President's Day? What did you brew?
Chiefs vs Bears. Painfully boring to watch. Alternative? Broncos vs Vikings. Hm... maybe there's a bowling tournament on another channel.
Man walking dog this morning spotted flames, knocked on doors helped get people out of apartments.
its up to you bro! Depends on how many verses you wanna do lol
thanks for the tweet! Do you use pinterest?
Its a shame how People can let their whole lives be controlled by Jealousy
Mosley should just retire after this. But i think his wife left him. And took half. So, u know what that means
yes ma'am
These powers can be a burden. Its why so many men choose not to bear the burden and pick up the razor.
What is this Bears close the gap with Lions stuff? Lions were a 10-win team... Bear were at least that if not for Cutler injury.
30 minutes into SVU,I solved the crime before they did.yeeuuuuhh c:
Happy Friday, Joey!
this is very exciting news! I heart jelly.
Country & Western on the alarm. I thought the wife was coming around. Today I find out she tolerates it because it makes her want to flee.
Thanks so much for the #FF appreciate it!
Nothing is ill said if it is not ill taken.
okay I'm off to watch the Yankee game until the season finale of NCIS puts me in my grave...adios!
HIghlight of halloween: the enthusiastic abandon I witnessed singing along to "monster mash."
Lea Michelle should keep up with singing lessons. I give her props for getting up there tho.
listening to lena dunham on fresh air. i've made the switch and really dig her now, just sick of the overkill.
we will be there at noon and will be closing the doors til 5:30...but you'll be the first ones in line for sure! :)
I think I love airports!
getting a 22 in black jacks.....
That is 3'x3'? It looks more like a rectangle to me? AM I TAKING CRAZY PILLS HERE?
ah! Your so lucky :)
:) RT : Inventing Twitter was pretty easy for because back then there was no such thing as Twitter to distract him from doing it.
“Knowledge isn’t power until it is applied.”
Wishing everyone a safe and happy Memorial Day Weekend.
is also secretively a lecherous being. :P i've found out over dinner. it was fun!
Welcome ! #WelcomeJJ - Looking forward to the Official Welcome JJ Ceremony on April 13th!
Get ready for Spring Break....remove all that unwanted body hair! 20% off all waxing on Sunday with Jackie! Call for your reservation!
I'm a boss tuckboi fresh
#BlueRock has an #video #internship position open! Please email with a resume and cover letter.
Bonnie Blodgett: It's boardroom vs. bedroom in America
Do the right thing and check out my friend Benje at
Saw Angels Crest on Netflix. Enjoyed it. You played a convincing dad. Sad ending. Would have killed for a blooper reel.
Off the hook for getting my folks presents for the next year. At least.
I Should've Kissed You when i got the chance to . </3
I would happily work at an Irish taco place! #LuckOfTheIrish + taco =
HECK NAH. THT FOOD WAS GOOD SON!!!!!!
You guys did good tonight. Evan, sorry for Alberto earlier
thanks for checking out my youtube page.
Baseball on the big screen and fiction on the small one. I have no complaints.
And of course I did not just watch all of #Footloose leading to a cascade of preteen dance memories.
Did you dress up for Halloween this year? What were you?
we love it!
Did you know: That as soon as President Jackson's horse stepped off the bridge leading from Castle Garden it collapsed?
RT Too bad we didn't have Twitter in 1933. We could have just thrown some ribbons on our avatars & prevented the Holocaust.
. Great story of startup hustle! Great lessons to be learned!
will be opening at noon today!
but ehhh I don't feel like it .
Working with Jesse Allison on our new Flickr Gettr- post Mumbai IIT and post LL Mediaplugin goodness
lol oh okay! I was so freaking out hahah!
take it man! If you have basic knowledge you will be fine! You go through a lot of training. Don't worry.
Please say this to my face. I won't take it as hard as hearing it as a rumor.
aww Carms ): why did u get grounded?
Not textn anyone today lets see who really care about me haa
Looking for someone who'd like to write a post or two about the joys of monogamous sex and keepin the fire burnin. Contact me :)
Lunch date with mom.
Seeing this 16 yr old on #Americanidol really makes me feel like I should've went for it. That should be me up there.. :'(
Please don't use the refs as ANY justification to that performance
I'll bet you failed to do the proper PMCS on the book. Never blame the tools.
At the REI complex in Denver. Not sure if I'm awe struck or terrified.
DID IT
Advertising doesn't sell products, it just entices people to go online and research. Julia Goldin, Revlon CMO
We are glad to know that you like ties, we like them too :)
RT damn developers :P
Me and got some shit! HIT ME MY PARTNA UP FOR BEATS FOR THE LOW!! ANY GENREA GET AT US!!
nothing at the moment...head out to the city. U?
no matter where you are in the world, The moon is never bigger than your thumb
ugghhhh, we can't be having this!!!!!! Where y'all at tomorrow
this was so adorable!
- #Journalists shall b protected as civilians as long as they're not participating in violence, yet they r increasingly targeted.
that looks yummy!
Has anyone ever used a #car #shipping service? We still have a vehicle in California we need to transport cross country.
name it man. The chance to represent your country in the olympics has to be one of the ultimate honors any one person could achieve
SO EXCITED FOR THE FUTURE!!!
Everyone follow my little brother He has moved out to Los Angeles with me and big things are happening for him already! :D
The film's director is here too: Ari Palos
"Is it hot in here, or is it you?"
"can i have a bad bitch without no flaws come to meet me without no drawers"
great! Helfrich coming this week!
I like Jude's communication style: short, simple, self-focused.
Good morning Saturday. we have lots to accomplish you and I.
gorgeous day in Austin. spring cleaning & getting pumped about my upcoming nm tour.
lol perfect timing see ya than
Need to find another job, current 1 is nun but modern day slavery
Won my first softball game of the season!!:)
Who's got some great Holiday Recipes they want to share with everybody?
Hey People(:
- You're very welcome!
awww miss you too tristan! so much. please let's catch up asap!!! got so much to tell you.
--___-- Lamee security. Yeah when she came out shes like dude is celeste here? & am like :o Idk Lets go find her & we didC:
thanks man! I will talk to my sis about it but I'm sure I'll be seeing u later.
"I'm not completely gay but I think plants are bored the same way as babies_
The Siri beep sound is patented? *facepalm*
It's 11:11 here , MY WISH IS TO FOLLOW ME :*
"brothers on the line" @ dc filmfest. Story of the reuther bros. Great evening. Google it.
Mindless Behavior vs. OMG Girlz ... Can't wait!!!!
Trying a new thing with my RSS feeds. I'm just adding anything that interests me to my Diigo or (iOS) Safari Reading List. I'll come back?
ok, so......how do you use this thing?
We're thinking that new one, but it's super club-y. Not sure if the world can handle it.
means I lost me freaking car again lol I keep hitting panic button n nothing :(
So exciting - thank you! Please follow me so I can DM you with my info.
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please??
Happy thanksgiving :-)
my boyfriend and my cousin are the only people that make me happy anymore hahaha
ha wow thanks!
did Justin almost fall ? Lol
Tabernero: crisp, refreshing, hints of white peach, but listen to me gush, let the bottle speak for itself :)
That awkward moment when your boyfriend is gay and everyone knows it except you... O_o
what was I eating?
Question: Is a groovy cocktail in the morning a good thing? Not on vacation. Thanks.
Finished watching vs Corrales followed by Cotto vs Mosley. I want to fast forward to May5 right now.
TY for the reminder! Cant wait to nominate CEO/founder, for
up to 13 on the LA/OC blues charts in ReverbNation. That seems so high. Nose bleed area almost. lol
Porcelain tiles are harder to cut due to their density and hardness.
Buddy is a fine candidate but I'm a Ron sort of guy!
HOLLER. we're doing 3pm to 6am--less than 2 more hours!
Happy Mother's Day!
Evil Jane is so hot
why do so many stores ask me to open a credit card account when I check out?
happy birthday to the ground
Sorry for the frustration. Hopefully the delivery Friday will work out. If not, still wish you all the best in new job.
I really need to get things going. There is too much stuff happening. Need to kick it up a notch
world peace?
Absolute EyeCare is now proudly a provider for BadgerCare patients currently enrolled in CCHP, Molina, & United Healthcare HMOs.
Pacabel's canon and U2 mash up. No folks, this is what I will walk down the aisle to at my wedding.
I'm just now noticing that 1Q84 is coming out in paperback next month--for just 50 cents less than the hardcover.
Helped my friend babysit yesterday. Now my arms are sore from carrying children and giving piggy-back rides. But, they were adorable! :)
Serious ?: Is #VA what would've happened if non-Romney vote had coalesced around Paul? And if so, isn't what we have instead way better?
Draw Something. Username Candice2009
Off of twitter for a few days and they done change the look. Damn Damnn Damn!
Still wish you'd help me find a song for a mix...
there's plenty more where that came from!
good god its spit it diff :) check tha store new shit everyday
lol, yeah i'm still here...
5-hr delay (so far) inside plane airlines 416; first it was ATC, now they're installing something. Pilot & crew confused. Horrible.
This deal you do not want to pass up!!!
hahah me too but she doesn't know that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Why should I waste my tears on you.
Well said. It's about being respectful of our fellow humans.
BUDGET WEEK: Amd #746 by Republican Rep Webster (R-Hanson) forces unemployed folks to do community service to get benefits
LOL ! Thanks for the shout out!
Do you live in a Southern state?
yes but will they keep Dodson..
Don't wanna go home tomorrow
make me a copy. Just started following today so I've only seem 2
I can't wait for the new album. I already pre ordered it on iTunes!!
what? Sorry, i wasn't paying attention. RT Guys suck at listening.
yo can I get a follow back Ma?
It's backyardigans time
I just did and I don't see anything yet
When you put on a dress and it looks like a shirt.
One of the golf contenders must be sponsored by google. Her caddy has SEO on his back.
Good thing about being in Montana. Lots Of GRIZ clothing available!
I feel like a looser not going to prom.....
#webwise barry fishman on games: enable a lowered risk of failure, affording "productive failure" as a way of learning
Well at least you know for sure now. *hugs* May it heal quickly.
#aam2012 abt 150 people at seasion! "Family Learning in Interactive Galleries: A Cross-Museum Research Report "W.FamiliesInArtMuseums.org
Out shopping with an Italian.
maybe then post it for like a week and see if people like it...
it seems #ramona is sick as a dog today.
right nows: say i have a green bean habit
RETWEET IF YOU WANT 20 NEW FOLLOWERS!!! ----->
RT Jets kicker Josh Brown's base salary is $825,000 in 2012, per NFLPA records
Omg someone please give me a gun with a single shot please
Look! A Box left under the tree ! It's a Jethro gift pack! What product is featured on the Jethro Baits Home Page? 1St correct answer wins
Thx! RT Free subscription to SSRN eLibrary gives you access to academic papers on #law, #management, #IT etc. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
What goes through ur head when u hear my name?
At a sports bar in Rochester, and they are cranking the #Vikings fight song after the Rudolph TD...it's going over like a fart in church
RT - Cleveland Indians Clubhouse: A fresh face is needed for the ...
Happy Foursquare Day! Don't forget to check-in on your next visit to Absolute EyeCare for great specials.
Good Morning Loves!! Hope everyone has a blessed & wonderful day!! :) xoxo
Can't wait till I get on the road(:
1/2 "LIFE'S JOURNEY is not to arrive at the grave safely, in a well preserved body,
Steve Harvey is not now, and has never been funny.
Smoking some chicken thighs and some mushrooms, and drinking some beers. Not sure what's next for the smokey bits.
no! We are at double D's. is like dead to the world lol
I know you'll be glad for snow and stuff.
You do the same Love<U+2764>
Bruh I could have sworn you were in new York and didn't hit nobody Rt : you need to come back to Boston first! Lol
H.C. Rocks!
CRASH: I-84 westbound @ 74th, on right shoulder
I feel like luongo gets benched once a series anyways
LOL MT : Oh no, Rosalba, you accidentally pasted my name in that list.Happy Friday
Day one of the dramatic Michael Jackson Murder trial; Randy Meier talks to Hal Eisner from FOX L.A. tonight on FOX 9 at 10PM
Postcard from Paris -The Band Perry
Co-Op will be open to anyone who walks through the doors! City, county, even PA... BFC welcomes everyone.
Prosecutions fault. They did not prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that she had committed the crime.
Forgive- easy to say, sometimes hard to do
Is it crazy to run to ny for a spa appt in the name of free champagne
Get on the list for the City Lights Event on November 19TH. It's going to be one crazy night.
oh hello (;
RT Battles at the Beach. Event 3. $330 NLHE buy in w/ re-entries. Today at noon. $30K guaranteed
Lol You are so sweet!
"To the Men's Room!"
I hate when I start having feelings for someone and have no idea how they feel about me ,
Turning my attention to "NET10 Dream Team." Voting starts in May. Can't complain.
And has me re-reading #PhilosophicalInvestigations, which is not available on Kindle and should be. For a Serious Book, hugely entertaining.
c'mon by!
Mo' money mo' problems. But atleast you can scratch poverty and starvaition off your list.
Losing enough weight to drop a belt notch? Satisfying. Dropping so many belt notches that you need to buy a new belt? Stupendous!
I found Chocolate pudding!!!!! to bad it was all over the wall outside.
Hey swagg buddy talk with me and
girl that's good!
Playing Draw Something with the dumbest person. They guessed my drawing of a bagel, but kept spelling it "bagle." So they passed the turn!!!
Today I have a paper to write, some studying to do and waiting for a call or text from you??
RT : RT : Tomorrow night starts THE REWIND! Feat: and on the decks ......
happy birthday beautiful!!
#WTF I got off thinking I was gon watch #OTH which I recorded but I pushed play and the channel was messed up for an hour
Atlanta Hawks picked Marvin Williams over , traded Dominique Wilkins, let Rasheed Wallace go and so many other mistakes...smh
we have tacos, though we don't open till 4pm...
i'm 2007 as well. I was a Parkie, Cinema and Photography and an art history minor...I think we must have mutual friends!
Download new BLAZING!!! track "SMOKING OUT IN PUBLIC" ft. Lil KEKE Mike Ro!!!!!
I might pay to see that lol RT“: my new favorite image is Tebow in the studio for a 1-on-1 with …just picture it.”
Call the manufacturer, this comic-book publisher is stuck in an endless cycle of reboots. Probably needs a new motherboard.
I'm a huge packers fan who lives in Miami. You're about 10 mins east of me right now. Go Packers!
Hey i hope you have an amazing birthday! Have fun and thanks for supporting Austin. He truly appreciates all of his fans! :)
90 degrees in #NYC this is insane warm!
Prediction time: We're about to witness The Hacker Crackdown 2.0, the first one of which happened in the early 90s (chronicled by )
thanks for the follow back!
I'm careful to say: "I married into wiener dogs."
If he didn't matter and he's no "big deal"..then why the hell would get so sensitive about it.
tweet or text? I'm hunting for parking. Will be there as soon as I can.
Just got my 1st pair of knickers, so excited to sport them on the golf course
At my grandmas soon
hunger games is def worth ur time and money.
yeah, i was just tabulating. you've been counted
“ No im not lucky, im blessed....yes!”
Tami Roman claims she's going to anger management class. Clearly she has learned nothing. needs to do #antibullying PSAs now!
RT There is talk of Zlatan moving to Man City. Please, please, please, please, please let this happen. PLEASE.
back on Twitter , go twitter promote my shit LOL. -love you <3
Wishing you a wonderful Christmas and Happy Holidays.
have a great fuckin weekend my friend.
yes get back to work -- someone in West has to :) Imagine how many billable hours clocks -- on TWITTER! :D
": Tiger chips to a foot for a sure par, to finish 1-over 73 after talking with Fluff about the shot." Not a Rules violation?
Got you bebe, head up and chest out! You're stronger than you think <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
What am I doing on my Friday off from School? Sitting at home with starbucks, Doritos and pixy stix watching all three twilight movies. (:
Thank you fro following me, i look forward to reading your thoughts and insughts on eLearning :)
love to you!!
Colorado loses 2-1. Beckham is down.
That's ok because we like Ricky more! lol Dave is all yours!
Send a msg to get discounted tix code (upto63%) to the vs. Phoenix Suns game (after ur pub crawl appearance)1700 tix left!
I love how your name on here is "thatwasntadream." Pretty sweet.
Quit thinking of your damn self!
Reporter looking for pro-choice catholics in metro Atlanta. email thanks
It's amazing how a persons teeth can turn them from gorgeous to downright ugly with a smile.
Newscaster #5? Where is Assignment Editor? They are the 1's who do all the work! Done PR and assign editor. PR more tolerable.
Daily I hear stories abt people getting long years cuz they're trying to follow others. As Meech said, it's the rats that remain on streets
I need your headphones to watch your cut. I didn't bring mine. I went to your station.
It amazed me how laughter can turn grief to joy.
is it a zombie comic? If so...can I see??
im so done wit u for looking them up ahhaha
SO THEY JUST LEFT ME ALONE IN THIS BIG ASS HOUSE AND DID NOT LEAVE AT LEAST 1 CAR. . SMH (WHAT A FAMILY I HAVE)
Best of luck to my #chelseafc boys today as they duke it out w/ barca
I think the reason there was so much Devin Harris hype was b/c the Nets no longer had Jason Kidd & the league wanted a draw in NJ.
Feels good to release the McDonald, no?
A very Elliot errand: picking up veal tongue and beef cheeks for my dad.
Yes, yes he did. Special thanks to for being our DJ.
How do I get post limit on tumblr even when I didn't go on it between 12 last night and 3 today. I've had 4 hours of tumblring & i got it.):
Me bro!!
I know I know Haha!
The rhetorical work is just making that built up stake visible; the fact that a thing was bought in the name of the public, and
ADORABLE! How are you!?
that's almost always the reason for slowing down. too many programs running in background.
Let me know if I can answer anything else about UNM intersession.
Bro!! Happy Birthday man!! Let's play a birthday round son!
liked my post on Instagram ! (:
Four years ago this summer, we went to Costco and bought a box of trash bags. Today we used the last bag in the first of two rolls.
and more importantly only participates in agendas that bring him celebrity. No Camera,No DeMaio
Zap could spell. *Sighs*
My aunts like ''ah tupac your moms shit'' to a song on the radio .bahah my mom is like the biggest tupac fan!
": Relay for Life is boring me." It's just not what it ousta be.
Project Lifesaver to be honored Thursday - Winner of the Best Practices Award in the Senior Safety Category by the Commonwealth of Virgina.
bad first date?
damn and you grew up stupid. At least you have opinons I only have facts.
de Freitas: need to improve AI believability for serious games, less important in entertainment games
I hate people who say, "Of course you can trust me with anything, I wont tell anyone" ...and then end up telling what you said to the world.
Any cooks in the kitchen today doing Thanksgiving prep? What's your favorite secret ingredient for Turkey Day?
Messages on surf board reads: "RIP #55"
LUCKY. my favorite place in the world!
Thanks for the mention, ! Looking forward to talk on Wednesday. Hope you can make it--stop and say hi!
noo!! We have the most attractive players, the Angels are close, but nothing beats Rangers
I think the amount of people tweeting about Margaritas today settles it ;) - CHEERS!
There's even a bar!
Glad you enjoyed the ZirMed 'skyloft'- we love it too
Congrats to the newly seated members of the #ranchobernardo planning board!
where do i vote maannn!!!
Right but this was a panel with the leading corporate lawyers in the country including Google's own!
Carmen is the winner??!! : seriously? Like, for realz??
Hello, you were just Skyping with my class... I was off the camera though so we didn't "meet"
I think my cat is part puppy LOL
yes sir..
RT : nice work on the #Rockies blog...I'm glad you didn't go negative even though it would have been VERY easy ...
Tizen OS set to run Android apps
I hope Viper/Task/Morrigan wants to go see Avengers this weekend with me too... :)
Go to www.californos.com/upcoming.html to see our Summer lineup, including reggae fridays and sunday solace on the back patio each weekend!!
Use the PressThis bookmarklet to easily blog while you're surfing the net. Highlight text, then click the bookmarklet and it will copy …
you are my guacamole savior.
It'd be very hard not to ask Christina to cover herself, although I like her musically. I would probably choose
AMEN! RT: I dont work tomorrow, Gloria a dios. I must catch up on some sleep after school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
You say you like rain but you use an umbrella to walk under it.
Thanks for spreading the word!
audition times 3. meeting times 2. class times 1. sleep times 0.
Thanks! I'm looking forward to it.
I learned on twitter that tacos are a euphemism for vagina I find it hard to eat one without talking dirty to it first.
Rock it with Rush's "Spirit of Radio" and "Fly By Night" at tonight's Rock Band Tuesday...now with mixed drinks! 9PM, 21+ only.
Ha! Aw. You & are my style icons.
i stay havin bars for david lol but its all love!
The weather in #Chicago has been positively delicious the past few days! What have you done outdoors to enjoy it???
What did you think of at CWCCs High Tea this afternoon?
Rousing debate here at world HQ over the order of Starburst deliciousness. I'm arguing Orange, Pink, Red, Yellow
Can't wait till may 4! concert. Stoked! Get that VIP pass(; Chicago, IL
Headed to see #ABQIsotopes vs. Nashville #suhweet!
Glad to hear it you enjoyed the book. Checking out Bird Blasting now :-) /cc
Another illuminating dinner with on future of narrative. Thanks, James. More discussions to follow.
abby and i should probably not choose passwords to things when we're too drunk to recall the password and are left guessing boobs and butts.
dude how come we never hang out?!?!
Dealer now has a 14
Archimedes was on his own in the bath.
My favorite comedy of the new season: Charlie's Angels! I haven't laughed that hard in a long time.
i KNEW you were going to be here for ustreaam!<3 yaaay! ;D
I wanna stay on the phone all night with him!!!
these crazy nuts got in a fight and busted some lips this dickhead jus had 2 jump in the middle & look..he's the 1 hurten & puked everywhere
I'm only watching 106 & Park to see
One treat of visiting in NY: just said hello to on the sidewalk in front of TimeWarner Center.
just saying.. your amazing<3
#that1ex whos new girlfriend you feel bad for cause they sex was wack...
Parents went to china, I have the whole house by myself :)
That appendix shit must hurt bro
What I do?
Will you be touring with your new book? (Pre-ordered!) Specifically Portland, OR or even Seattle?
Extra credit for using the word "impecunious".
M, we made 3 types of choc truffles at yesterday's Pgh class! Who's jealous? :-)
great names for pets
“: i want my blonde hair back .” SAME
I'm so tan it's ridiculous.
Attention all people looking for a little extra income. www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
The vet says that poor Squeasel had a stroke and now tilts to the left. He doesn't seem to realize there's a problem.
sorry I didn't see ur tweet...after attending many social media events and doing my own research I decided with my prior skills
Your welcome...
do you guys have an sdk for ios yet?
ok, you can order from us :)
And you think I give a fuck ¯\(<U+30C4>)/¯
Shooting a commercial tomorrow in Hollywood...
weres the turtle bowl!
hey :) friend visit me <3
It's been awhile since I watched the #ChrisDuhonTravelDance...I need my fix
Some exciting new products are in the pipeline. What you find most annoying about typing on the iPad keyboard?
Watching the movie and then the special features on the Goonies DVD is a great way to listen to Cyndi Lauper's "Good Enough" on repeat
#LAStageTalks Don gave shout out to bitter lemons.
Nick Blackburn is playing the role of Mike Maroth
Best way to describe the current strike zone of Mike Winters: cold.
That's only one of the things I want to do to you. ;-)
Leah Lang sharing about EDUCAUSE's Data, Research, and Analytics (DRA) efforts
I am really enjoying the "American Masters" show on Johnny Carson.
ik he's actually HOT now. Like mature Matej hot lol
Lmfao..u just notice it was princeton's bday wow.... SMH..
Milwaukee businesses, what are you doing to keep up with the challenging business environment?
you just are
Entrepreneurial Lesson #8: The ends not only don't justify the means, they don't justify the work. The work justifies the work.
I love you as much as my cat loves urine-soaked litter.
#lehmantech presentation on VoiceThread - I definitely want to test it too
I kinda, sorta, just a tiny bit, miss oomf lol
Are there plans to sell your products at Target?? I'm not near a Wal-Mart but would like to buy your products.
By the time you choose seats, they are gone. Then "encountered issue sorry" message. Switched browsers..see y'all in Bethel :)
I like it - smiling, Thx
Officially masturbating while driving is called "banging a U-ey." Thanks JC
Happy Friday Huskies! Congratulations to Everyone who is Graduating Today!
Stop, you're like a 12 year old kid who hasn't even hit puberty yet. Stop taking pictures of your "abs" and posting them on Facebook.
It's also a way for me to dig into the pile of raw cookbooks I have on my desk, which haven't gotten any attention and should.
Looking for a student or a parent who takes online classes to interview. If you can help, please email
#FF ! He is always first with the #FF. I am talking 12:22AM. That is what we call
If you spend more time angry than happy, get it together, you can't blame EVERYTHING on everyone else.
the card game?????
Lol alright. Sounds good!
ATTN WEBMASTER, You can do ONE thing that will help the cause of children orphaned by AIDS, pls put a link on your site to www.dreamfarm.us
Haha. Our starting Mike.
When the hot guy in school likes you >>>>
PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
So my 2,000th tweet goes out to my bros and Y'all my bros.
Continuing discussion of #ppaca case at #SCOTUS from star-studded panel
yes we are going to go I can't fully work twitter yet are you getting my messages? Because I'm excited for us to get our tequila
Those were the days-minus "Shugah" RT : Talking about Giant African Land Snails and their takeover of Candy Cane lake's island
the weirdest things trend on twitter. honestly. lol
If you have ever had a massage, let us know how it helped you. Thanks.
Ugh - not a good way to start the day! Hope it gets better
Magician Harry Maurer is playing the Improv in Houston next week. Refer 3 friends and get 21 magic tricks free! www.improv.hmmagic.com
HEAR WHAT JESUS SAID HE CAME TO DO (Luke 19:10) "For the Son of Man has come to seek and to save that which was lost." #Sir Court
I cannot get less than 12 emails in my inbox no matter what I do. Why. Oh well. I'm over it. An awesome weekend starts now!!!
ESPN announcer just used strong , athletic and Plumlee brothers in same sentence.
WSJ: Fears Over Spain Drag Down European Shares - Wall Street Journal
it's just awkward now... Lol everyone is tweeting him..
Steady sippin' n' blowin' on reggae bush :D
Ladies and gents, our very own music director, performing with the moth!
Collaboration allows me to highlight the wonderful talents of so many artisans and craftsmen - love doing this!
12 Buck Thursday! Only $12 for Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens...add on Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for only $5!
Well… I mean at least its hump day?? - Doesn't that account for anything anymore?
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1993 in the #Peanuts comic strip, #CharlieBrown hit his first home run.
Mine too!
": "By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before." - Edwin Elliot
I totally remember now what and where it is..
I'm about 150 in but I aint mad though...RT : I'm mad. Bout to do pushups til my chest explodes B.
*Chokes on air* what the?!
my hair tho. touching my back and scaring the shit out of my ever 5 seconds. =|
Times are changin' lol RT : I'm the only one taking notes on paper?
Error loading Tweets....
What a day!
We got hacked! Sorry for any inconvenience Got it under control. Disclaimer - WAB would never send a message with the text LMAO in it.
I know the feeling I just work on one task at a time and do it as quickly as possible
I just want a real good hamburger.
I think the females are turning into men and the men into bitches. Smh ....Sign of the Times
Oh no, i've been mortally wounded by your brilliant, thoughtful response. I'm now going to call my Congressman to complain.
there is no age limit it's just so we know.
#HappyHalloween, tweeps! Have a great day!!
Bells please tweet me in French LOVE YOU please :) You are my life you are beautiful funny Talented <U+2665> Love You So much<U+2665><U+2665>
Not if they are made correctly.
MN Governor signs bill to build $975 million #Viking Stadium; target opening 2016. (ESPN)
Enroute to Phil for meetings with and good eats at and maybe La Calaca Feliz and Dandelion
I dont know..Tyler's crazy and thinks dirty thoughts
thanks for having us! you were great tonight, too!
Who would've known id be super good at throwing chinese stars. Half ninja????
RT Please don't adjust my belt while in my office.
My back and feet are killing me I need a whole day off to do nothing!!!! Lol
Well I'm about ready to release my World Cup tickets back to FIFA. I just don't think I can afford to go this time around.
Hey There G_I ! Thanks! Let me know what you need, or what I need to do, That would be wonderful!
"I'm allowed to keep biting you as long as I am processing why I am biting you." awesome quote from class today
Question who uses twitter more males or females?
An hour later and I burn my tongue AGAIN! Don't know whether to say thank you or damn you Thermos.
"Winter is coming" well, when its 39 degrees outside I think we can pretty much skip to "winter is here"
"i'm talking about 45 second farting champion ripped (pun intended) from youtube. experimental music can also fit."
No homework! Yay! Finally a day to chill, cook, paint and read. Like this is a miracle.
I'm calling relish
ok, no biggie
..or kept an inventory of! :)
The kidnapping of Anderson Cooper bit was very confusing.
The Garden is IN!
RANGERS BABY!!
5 hours to go, if you want to grab $1k worth of free goodies (including a gift from us) with #1 Amazon internet marketing book The Social...
So I've been thinking a lot lately (scaring huh?) but why is being the color of a paper bag considered sexy?
Website up and running. Download music 4 free @ www.harkerwolfley.com
thanks to you for making time to meet with us and join in the bowling festivities! hope you got some sleep!
So who wants to see The Avengers in DBOX? Let's do this!
made nauseating pancakes for mom due to almond milk not regular, coconut flour,wet ricotta not dry..etc. she loved it anyway! mymom is love.
Thanks Krisy! So glad you liked our SNL spot! :):)
can't wait till the 2nd new episode of from your season tonight at 8. Counting down till then! An hour left ahh!!
Tough loss Heels. Glad to see you guys didn't blame your loss on the refs. NC State on the other hand........
Scott disick is the biggest douche bag ive ever seen!! hes the only definition of worthless douche bag
They have a nice texture - no fibers - and have a nice taste.
struggles of a Black fatherhood
maybe.. As long as you're not playing that rock and roll crap
This massive snow storm is just about over, so... Parking is free and beers are cold come down & celebrate open mics BDAY!
I wonder if the Girls Gone Wild bus would attract an entirely different type of woman if they painted a topless Jane Austen on the side.
fecal transplants are all the rage.
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex sex therapy
Happy Halloween
This Ramma Lamma shit's gonna give me tinnitus!
Not cool, Clara Parkes! Now I need cake...
Thanks for both of these!
Yeah, I have for a long time. Ahaha. :P
dm me bout some music shit real quick
Big free throws coming up
I think my favorite food is bacon
But my chain's so bright ray charles might see
Granicus' uses Google's Prediction API to perform sentiment analysis of comments on some issue, summarize.
Design a logo for 20th anniversary and you can win free gym membership. E-mail it to to win!
I may drop down to that, seeing as I don't use mobile or offline... Thank you!
Mall of America tomorrow!!!!!
Thank you sir!
3 F16's just flew over my neighborhood. Wow! Totally gave me goosebumps. So proud to be from the USA.
If my nigga was here ..trust me you would've known it
Playing in a school combo in Elmhurst tonight! Playing drums with great people is the best way to celebrate a birthday.
anything else would be 300 + for diamonds
I'm a total slacker at the office, but I get my work done so fast I have time to burn! But you are right, I crave earth.
which girl? can u send me a link to her account or something?
Green jobs pitch coming anytime......
"I can't ask something of you without giving something of me"- on value of social interactions like the birthday RT
Some interesting commercials. Chryslers ad last year = great, this years felt like a rerun...
And again, to conflate black anger with black hatred is to miss it -- utterly and completely.
M sake sno cones! RT Gin martinis are great, start with these easy sippers first, though
That Was A Nice Walk .
I've hung out with Dylan everyday since we started dating..<3 :)
sweet, did u know my family owns tomahawk?
I know! Will be useful
#NeverTrustaGirlThat is always up in the clubs. That bitch doesn't have shit going for herself. She's an attention seeker & always drunk.
Any time someone tells you they're "about 20 minutes away" they're lying
do you know of anyone using brain in production for anything?
Not all times jokes intended to make you laugh. Sometimes they intended to make you think.
Missed the bus because I had to go back in the house to get my phone.
Break Fast for Success. Syracuse schools work to increase participation in breakfast program
I wanna do something tonight !!
Here at podcamp pgh where it's socially acceptable to be on your phone during talks! ...I think?
RT : Love what you do - will need your consulting when I open my tasting room.
is getting me back on the Twitter bandwagon right now!
This is what I want w/ the rite person <U+E231><U+E231><U+E231><U+E111>
Really wished I was drenched in aloe right now
Wish would release HTC Thunderbolt and pricing already. Still trying to decide iPhone vs an HTC Android rig.
MWP should have been kicked out of the NBA for that cheap shot on Harden!
I don't have everything figured out, but when I do I know its gunna be something awesome *Patience*
Had a gr8 convo w/a recently retired legend.Hope he gets bak n the game.I learned from him n jst a short convo.There's a reason he has5rings
Unfollow this page ASAP it got hacked follow my new one
just the mayo and pudding part.
#thingsblackkidsgetbeatfor Everything! As it should be...little monkeys!
And I don't wanna do a sperate wash for it so it wont.
Parallel movement: Let's cut back on the use of legendary, as in, "legendary Texas quarterback Colt McCoy."
"Can Mobile Interpretation Also Be Social?" 2 pm session is in Auditorium 3 on 1st floor, not Hall 3. See you there!
Q: How do bacteria invade your body? Answer: Mouth & nose are major paths. Better oral health=better general health. www.closys.com
Thanks for sending me a Foursquare request and for following me on twitter as well.
Dissertation proposal today woo woo! let's do this.
Dear Miss Gibbs, I won't be able to do my project (after we already did the AP Test), because I have nationals.
10 p.m. and I've just swiffered the whole apartment. Huh, guess I'm panicked about my dissertation. Again.
Stop searching for adult diapers and Tommy Dorsey songs!
I made some good progress on my paper today! I feel so much better about it than I did last night. *whew*
First Terrell Suggs' torn Achilles', now Phil Taylor's torn pectoral.
It's long, but do you know Dan Simmons's novel Hyperion? Leans heavily on Canterbury Tales, Keats.
I am! Can't wait to see the Carolina Chocolate Drops!
A river never rises above its source so if you have a praying man you'll have a praying church - Ravenhill on an interview with David Mains
check your Facebook
All good and you?
While they were saying among themselves it cannot be done, it was done. ~Helen Keller
he is a friend I've been familiar with the case for 3 years
Aw, that's sweet, little bro!!! :-)
I'm stuck on a saturday afternoon doing homework. WHAT DA F**k.
New pic I'm loving it!
So now you're the Love Guru? LOL You get into everything, Jesse! Love it!
Keep tweeting those Bustos Pics! Tag 'em #BustosAustin to win FREE admission to our opening Saturday, Bustos will be there!
GC Tip: Arrive early to your events--your onsite manager will be more relaxed and you'll be more prepared. It's also good manners!
Just woke up realized theres school... Lol not going
bitch im at. Work listening tu music quit twitter watch mudafucka
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan
Anyone has any ideas for Taylor Issues? i REALLY wana do chapter 16!
Now following back looking good mama
Thanks for the follow Leslie... hope all is well
have you ever heard of Epals? Great literacy program for kids right in the district. Happy to connect you with them if you'd like
followed backk:)x
We're on board with local #wine! RT Ok, who wants to make a resolution to support local food this year!?
When is gone send us some FRE$H?
Oh My God, that's awesome.
what's the starting five for game 6?!
So much spam on lately :( makes me sad
Seriously.. why are you an egg? LOL.(:
Young grasshopper, one cannot defeat the treadmill. You must become one with the treadmill. You must be the treadmill.. .
- Yep connected, hard-wired. It was better today. Using Blue Snowball mic with headset speakers. Thx for reply
And the thunder rolls and the lightning strikes. Another love grows cold on a sleepless night. #garthbrookes <U+2601><U+26A1><U+2614><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8>
I Like My Profile Colors And My Nicki Minaj Pics.Damage Mode.Its Problems Bitch.M.P. Hahahaha
im good and you?
Our CART and TreeNet software is widely used for credit risk analysis; would you like to take a look at our case studies?
If you don't like me then why do you care what I do ?
"Why isn't Jim Shepard more famous?". Still would like to see poetry featured, but a good read about good reads...
When I am getting off on a station were there are stairs nearby, I rarely walk on the escalator. Stairs exist.
Accidently typing Jimmy Dead frozen breakfast when you mean Jimmy Dean adds a whole new twist to the concept.
My interns got each other munchkins for Valentine's Day. Now THAT is the spirit of collaboration.
"Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own." - Robert A. Heinlein.
sad things got that bad for T.O.
I voted like 100 times, follow me beautiful?(:
"Life happens in the evening". via
One drrawback to fabulous 80 degree days: my hair resembles a giant red Q-tip.
You're hacked.
Interesting trend: Lots more linked data projects among our recent grants, including a summer institute, 2 DFG/NEH projs, & 2 SUGs.
Not sure. Source is NYT article. Will try to find out.
Also Fat Betty looks like pregnant Tori Spelling.
"I eat concentrated, recycled, enhanced vegetables in the form of meat."
dont hate , she BAD , she gets down :p
is reading Montgomery letter from Used this letter in the CW150th HistoryMobile for
Walk Off. CUBBIES WIN!!
I would suggest to wear little make up as possible like mascara&eyeliner or a fun lip color! Natural beauty is the best!
<U+307E><U+3042><U+305D><U+3093><U+306A><U+3082><U+3093><U+3067><U+3059><U+306D>? I've never heard that before. what's the meaning?
Someone remind me to buy Kyrie a beer in two years for tonight. Go #Cavs!
New web site and new IT job opportunities coming very soon!
very busy at the hair salon everyone wants hair extensions for the Holidays
To any SAP Solution Architects, SAP BA's and SAP QA's. If you are interested in permanent positions in the South Florida area please conta…
i just did! give me that neck!
Uh, I thought was going out on my personal account. --Lisa/CSD
what time will you guys be getting here??
HAPPY #FF! Check out our friends!
Best of luck at the Leala book fair.
“: #TRUTH RT : Never underestimate the power of a little enthusiasm. #WordsToLiveBy”
Do you get a good feeling when you finally find a parking spot?
Woke up, saw your "airport" tweet, stunned that you didn't get out yesterday!
Happy Friday!!
Poms squad! Game day in short skirts and glitter :) Those were the days!
I seriously need to start to unfollow tweeps who don't follow me back.
RT : your bag is almost finish .- yaaay <U+263A>
glee this week is the cutest thing ever
Looking forward to this weekend for some "down time" from work and focus on my little startup adventure :-) Lots of coding awaits :-)
Love Amazing Voice, Amazing Talent
Listen to new Electric Kingdom Live host, Ashley G in the studio with Darwin Castillo. Keep it locked kidz!!
Ian White's tales of "public" data acquisition woes resonate with my experiences collecting data for the
To all the snow lovers: rain/snow mix possible Sunday! I'll keep you posted.
its my life its now or never im not guna live forever.
I feel like you secretly hate me sometimes.
take me to forever 21 please :"C
IMPROMPTU SING-A-LONG TO CARLY JEPSEN AND GO. (yeah, it's THAT kinda day, folks.)
if michael bay made a film about tea it would be exactly like that. except maybe there would also be a robot.
Reach for the stars, even if you have to stand on a cactus. - Susan Longacre
Can you imagine Paul Martin playing for the Rangers? Think he would have kept up with the rest of their team tonight?
Remember: Don't Insult the Alligator till after you cross the river.
Its game day. vs Dallas. Who's ready?
when the weather gets better
Happy New Year to All!
Its officially the season of giving, so swing some of that generousity our way and give to the RISD Annual Fund! <3 Deja
Happy Halloween
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho will eat everything in the house
its a whole football team of girls that think they my brother girlfriend or future wife...sorry hoes he aint got neither...back that azz up!
Because He ’s Hot: Cam Gigandet Goes Shopping with His Family (PHOTOS) Now that ’s a good-looking family! Cam Gigandet and his wife,
If this was Utah and other relatively impossible things could align, I might marry all of you.
In Chicago for
Congrats. Don't let your son throw that in the pool too.
Olla,I'm proud of you.
Wishing a Happy Young 30th Birthday to a good friend of mine / She's the new 20. Trust me the Lady is fly.
oh, but no link, though?? BO! lol
Gotcha...glad we could help then :-)
Loving this weather
thank you for the follow. Look forward to a long Twitter affiliation.God Bless U!
Could u come by our radio station in ATLANTA when u come to ATLANTA,WE ARE CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO
I need more followers. Follow me and I will follow back. RT
Coco is so fine . it's not even right ...
I'm at a party and it's boring <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Zach just sent me notes for the Balboa Park Commons paper but I don't know if he is in a cafe.
O'so Brewing Companies Lupulin Maximum just hit the tap lines! This Imperial IPA from Plover WI is THE BOMB!!!
RT for a Happy Mothers Day
We desperately want to try your beer! Any dates?
Tensai Rules:).Finally a major push for a major talent and one Helluva good guy from Pittsburgh
this bum was in Value World complaining about being hungry, then 'Jessie's Girl' came on the radio and he's like, "yeah, Jesse's Girl"
Beautiful Monday in #ROC. Keep on shining sun!
Thank you! Same to you!
lol "can I take you to the Luke Bryan concert? you can be my date" your mom: "hahahaahah"<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Mother Fucker! I want that shirt!!!
Hanging out w.my mom
Holy fuck my head hurts. Nothing a few shots can't fix (;
Is a recruiting blog really effective? if so, do tell... which format is best?
If you walked a mile in my shoes,it would feel like you'd be walking an eternity.they would be run down to their soles,with holes in them.
nothing's changed. Just getting used to the new schedule
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand!
I am in desperate need of a redo or complete cancelation of today. Absolutely brutal.
Essex county AND planetary? Can you actually feel your brain expanding? Because I can. Oh yes, I can.
No school for this mahomie tomorrow I got a denice appointment well glee in a bit #YEEE ;D
heii yes we love rihanna she is the best
For every day, I miss you. For every hour, I need you. For every minute, I feel you. For every second, I want you. Forever , I love you
M, vagina pies.
#CrazyBill says to another crazy guy: I'm done helping you.i'm done helping you! You're a bullshit artist.. you're a bullshit artist!
That could never happen in the U.S.
You ever see something that for bad reasons makes you feel like you made a damn good decision recently? Well. For me that just happened.
Has started a band called "Shallow Cutters" stay tuned for our first album Hard Scratchin
you know I wouldn't let you guys go homeless. You're welcome to my living room floor.
Yeah,it was a smaller title,has Mischa Barton in it 2?It was weird, but I will watch anything w/ him in it.BTW <3 breaking bad!
When your moms in such a bad mood you actually considered giving her an extra dose of her happy meds...
ya srsly. I wore my "Meat is Murder" shirt. :)
I cant have a girl that can't cook
September is...Workforce Development Month in the State of Colorado!
Vanessa Hudgens: Which Beau Is the Best Fit? (POLL) - Celebuzz
i agree
It's almost lunchtime, I wanna sit on a patio today
We love you guys!
RT : James Harden mouth look like a sidewalk in Rwanda.
Saturday is definitely the best day of the week :) relaxing!!
you dont have a job
service is pretty poor but we asked another waiter who actually fixed stuff
have you read Media, Mission and Morality? I think it's my fave.
#NOIData Bulk Upload > Process Volunteers to match or import; recurring events, multi-browser tabs (but stay in My Campaign), Planned comms
You will never realize how import someone is until they are gone. #Peyton(;
sure.. u dont have to be old to kick ass!
X-Men 1992 arcade game is free today on Amazon's Android AppStore
i know right >:L and i may sound dumb asking this but i haven't been on key for a while who's this sarah ...? :S
I heard The Bible has some pretty badass stories
Tonight we hit Deep Ellum with our boys from And I have Dan as the driver. Rawk!!
GIMME the free tickets to 's because I nominated myself so I know this is my only way in!
The guy was obviously trolling and won. If you take any of Punks responses seriously, maybe u should stay off the Internets.
Leclerc is a fan of the serial comma. Me too!
"I'm sorry, the card says 'Moops'"
Oh and btw, thanks for such a great job. Sorry I couldn't be there for the shoot.
sure did.
Fact RT : The pretty girls always getting played for ugly bitches !
Teacher: "now class, choose a partner". *looking at bff* *bff looking at me* Teacher: "you can start working now" *\( '<U+25BD>')/ \('<U+25BD>' )/*
whats up with talk on websites about all star voting already in the majors? they have only played 1/10th of the season....!!
Every Boardwalk Band here has either played "American Girl" or "Sweet Home Alabama" all weekend so far.
For what it's worth the #Phillies 2-0 shutout of the #Padres last night was the 1st #MLB game this season with that score.
you suck... FACE!
I LOVE
We don't exist. RT : Hipster --> RT : I love it when no one has any idea how cool the t-shirt I'm wearing is.
Watched a little of Michelle Malkin's Bitch Fest about the State Dinner last night. Her comments made me long for WWII interment camps.
yes they are
Oi Mr.Carlo ~
k u like it
Rahm: w/o reform, will have to mortgage kids future for mistakes of pass. Want tax equity for Chi, only city that has to pay for their own.
if u not tryna move ahead n life just roll over and die..ur n da fukn way
How have you been?? have you watched much?
Check out new south florida alerts. www.southfloridaalerts.com
heather, best wife ever, furious this morning says "no more scotcharoos or pancakes for kids ever again"
Wearing my #Twins hat and gear to the #Marlins/#Mets game tonight. Letting my true colors come through.
Anyone for a little triskaidekaphobia?
when scholars refer to themselves as "the present author" in their books
hey so all you beliebers out ther.. need to be following right now! :)
Courage in women is often mistaken for insanity.
#14313 my fav store to shop at is forever21 and H&M IB: nick or mikeyy
its my birthday and i woukd really like a follow from you<3 it would make my birthday the best;)
i wanna kiss you all over, oh yes i do, oh yes i do
Giggles! RT : I was waiting for a Dilla hologram tweet ALL day. Let him rest haha.
Can't see my desk under all this crap. Nearing 12 hours sitting at it.
haha for sure! :)
i don't how not to love her :-(
Living in America
Is there a machine that slices pineapples for you? If so I would buy it
Guess who gets to write blog articles about all the coolest apps around? That'd be me! Any cool apps you think I should look into?
#ImAFreeBitchBaby now for the weekend to begin
Thanks so much! We are super excited!
glad you liked it up here :)
Thank you!!
How many more weeks til summer again?!
Get a clay #wash & #detail after rainy days to avoid damage! Call for our daily specials (619) 928-4848
OMG Ludacris will be in G-Dragon's solo album! Fuck yeah. ^__^
Predictably a NEL, you can always tell about 5 minutes in. Hopefully the last one of the season
Yet, you'd be famous.
My dogs are also freaking out, which doesn't help matters! Is your cat acting normally? Maybe the animals pick up on it first...
Rather not have that discussion with elderly patrons that frequent this library. Besides, they should discover that themselves
Despite your ridicule, ,we finished 7 / 40. Here we go for the #Zurich: Bradley, Choi, McDowell, Chalmers, Castro, and Haas.
Tune in to TMJ4 tomorrow at 9:50 a.m. to watch Michelle Marie Bertholf talk about and introduce FemCity Milwaukee / Femfessionals!!
They brought it up once in the NFL and they struck back with the fury of a thousand suns.
do they need company? I'll bring my own pipe, even!
Definition of medium-a mode in which data is transferred from 1 entity to another.
Hot flashes are terrible. Ya know, in case you were wondering.
My head hurts from all the information I just absorbed. Parents give a holler if you know what an IEP means.
RT : have you heard?? URI PRS is heading up to Boston on Saturday February 25th! PRS members can attend this awesome......
hope you feel better soon! My suggestion: go to sleep! Hang in there.
Those Cartoons That Be On This Early <<<<<
Or do u have a email?
Yeah, call us when you get to Club Sesso later tonight.
I have so been "drunk Caroline" quite a few times.
Shut up
Great name for the week---the name of the Governor of Idaho is Butch Otter.
aww thanks lover ;-) XO
Gonna try to do something different this summer, hope I can stick with it.
Thanks to Ronda, Katie, & Jim was a fabulous event for You ROCK!
staying for #onemoreyear !!! It's a Hanukkah Miracle!!! Ironic? yes. Do I care? No.
Ew, Travis is crossing his legs like a woman.
Do they not have Starbucks in the big city?
bed time for mikey. y'all made me smile a lot today. much love!
man go take your dramatic pill! #DramaticDani!
The average #college student leaves school with an average #debt is $24,000. How are they going to knock off those #loans with #jobs scare?
Thanks, u welcome RT : We hope you have the happiest of holidays, Speaker Pelosi.
Haha no not yet. Maybe one day though!
Never underestimate how hard people will lean on emotional crutches if you let them.
GOOD NEWS THO!!! starting now its on again!!!!! another winner will be chosen next wednesday! every #zapcash hash is an entry so hash it!!!
We'll bring u and Linde sum back it just wont be in da fancy coconut wit da umbrella O.O
#Keithduffy assures me that it was non invasive , mind you so did mark from
mooning song?! what kind of grease are you watching?!
Also, found it interesting to hear Condi Rice relate Common Core Standards to national security this morning in an interview...
Amazing what can be done with sheer will and a pot of coffee. and are beasts of
Cutest things ever!
Sounds like Miller Park replaced Ten Minutes with and Misery Business. Works for me.l
": no a bicycle"that is still fun...and it is actual exercise!
depends... 45 min b4 meal#1 daily w/a clean diet should be good
we didn't warn you about the slush?
I agree. However 20kos on 26 wins ain't too shabby
how do u get meet and greets with vinny ?
Shout out to all of our new real estate agent followers. Gonna have to build our compound somewhere, right?
I'm gonna call "bad form" on you, Sir. It's a story about a dead kid. Perhaps your opinions on layout are best left to other news items
I get so much out of my head just by staring at the roof.
has Emily told u if she can
I don't know if you know this but your boobs are actually supposed to be in your shirt.
bum dee bum dum.
Thank you for your service.
very nice!!! best of luck to you!!
(jen) Thank you, #AT&T, for delivering a VM from a potential client ONE HOUR after my phone NEVER RANG.
So later on this week I will be receiving all of the things I need to test making promo cards with a player's picture on them. :)
Great. Nyger Morgan drops the F-bomb on national TV. Now we're going to have a 7-second delay for all sporting events.
I cannot reply to any of your blogs - looks like your Captcha is malfunctioning from my end?
I hadn't thought of that. What do you recommend in that case?
Tyler Perry is proof that God is mad at us and that we didn't listen when he punished us previously with the ska music fad of the mid 90's.
Flash photo is more about a distraction to patrons than harm to the art.
"Oral health: a window to your overall health" = Mayo Clinic Take control of your oral health: www.closys.com
“: #TeamTwistStillOnTop like how I stay on top and ride that TJ.. Ain't that right ;)” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
FYI - We can dance and party ALL NIGHT!! AND drink some cherry wine!
SMH is an understatement, the level of stupidity contained is dumbfounding!
Oh #ronroberts acting like that area of town is riddled with drugs and hookers after 11pm.
I need Justin Timberlake & Trey Songz to make a song together like ASAP!
lmao what? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>I'm being serious
HAPPY STAR WARS DAY! May the fourth be with you c;
With 85 performances at Carnegie Hall and 35 at Avery Fisher Hall under its belt, the kicks off its summer tour of Italy at Pace.
Every girl has their best friend, boyfriend, and true love. You're lucky if they're all the same person.
Writer's block... *gulp*
Got a surveillance plane circling the neighborhood now.
good luck Jen!! Don't die!
I bet she more than excited! Tell her congrats from me!
A3. Star Trek's transporter or Doctor Who's Tardis. Duh! Q3 What fictional form of transportation do you wish existed and why?
Who knows, maybe he did do something off the wall? But that's a tough sell for since it didn't require a written opinion
Happy hour tonite! Great bar bites incl crab cake BLTs and filet mignon sandwiches. Cheap AND good!
I think it depends on the day:-)
RT : "Don't count the days, make the days count." - anonymous baby in the #NICU on DOL 43
lmaooo she's mad.
"These Pretzels are Makin' Me Thirsty!" #seinfeld,themusical
isn't it an election year for mayor in Duluth?
you're the greatest friend in the world <3<3
Order Pizza Shuttle wings for the packers game. Fav sauce?
Join the conversation about Conference & Expo; add the hashtag, #mLearnCon to your tweets.
We're open till Midnight tonight and our dinner deal is: ANY WRAP + ANY DRINK = ONLY $2.99
#game4 tonight for the #BRUINS - get excited!!!!
Excited about our new company! We have spent years of trial, error, ups, downs & learning curves! But, here we are! Rubies Shining! Welcome!
nope it gets under my skin!
at least he didn't "maam" you
TRUE 118, Row T, Seat 4
But you bought a nigga in an auction & he never took you out. Oh Ok lol RT : thirst
Did you end up going to the District on Saturday?
Just a friendly reminder that we'll be playing at Summerfest next Wed, July 1st, at 7:30 at the Cascio Stage. Do with that what you will...
haha! all we hear about is that show...
WW# - THANKS & BACK AT YOU TOO!
Judging USF Marketing Class Today! Should Be Interesting!
Although rates increased in PSq, Mayor wants reporters to mention more all the n'hoods they decreased rates in
That road trip I had was amazing! .... I could see myself in the lifestyle of living on the road full time to pursue my destiny
Behind every girl, there's a guy who do her wrong, and made her strong.
but still trying to load so not sure how great the idea was
ima hit up later
Based on the reporting about Martin's injury, I'd be surprised if he played again this season.
Frappuccino Happy Hour at Starbucks is going to kill my wallet
Clothes Get Weirder!
At this video shoot STARVING. Somebody DM me a pizza or something.
Thanks and I love your t-shirts! looking forward to buying more
hey honeybun, how are you?!
RT : Get your bum for a gorgeous night looking @ stars Truck there til 10pm. Its the most beautiful place...
I heard they're going to continuing adding dates, but idk /: What did they say exactly on the radio?
Where u live should be a representation of ur true spirit!
OMG just finished 9 reports for the big boss. I'm mentally exhausted!!
Omg.. im falling in love with Karmin<3
loved your #Brewer commercial when you dropped back to pitch.
Netflix. (By the way, the Abbey is not a spaceship, but if it is, how cool would that be?!)
I'm working on our March newsletter on "Post Season Autopsy". Curious what you try to accomplish in your post season meetings?
def worth it. Been before?
I dont know what risk im taking with this!
Rooting for Pats only because of Bill O'Brien.
Good morning Iowa. And good morning lunch.
Oh. My. Gosh. Just saw the setlist for #WarpedTour!! And I'm #Psyched because it's in Florida when we are!!
You speak the truth!
#IfItWasUpToMe We would all be Smokin'!!!!
who that girl you was with please dont front .. dont make me turnup .. BOY
how are u today
get on fb rite quick.
Nd giv curry just got bailed out a couple freebies.
anyway... FOLLOW if you got swag.
This Suga Momma needs a new pair of shoes!
you're a writer so it's okay to not sleep just ask Hunter S Thompson.
I have several talented voice teachers that work with my group. Piano in my thing. Are you looking for a vocal instructor?
Begging my mom to let me stay home tomorrow just so I can get up all night early therefore it won't sell out before I can get to it
=) finally!!!! aw yay!!! i'll make it on a sunday so u guys can def make it out.
Sure! One question though...what about the dry humping dept.? Is it only open during regular business hours?
headed down to california were i can get my #CALISWAG on! <33
“ yes i do but i'm camping with my friends and its hard to get service in the woods
And by #mpls, I mean anywhere outside the metro... I know it's too bright there. I'm by Waverly now.
With a functional airport, the flights should be around the clock. The victims are desperate.
Song Titles Day
Also, really enjoyed your Parallaxer tutorial on .net—great depth and detail, I hope folks pick it up and run with it. Cheers.
Not happy to hear the news about The Big Man. I hate to hear that he had a stroke, and I hope that he will be able to recover.
Thanks for the Follow Friday #FF :)
"The noise, well it's just love that gets caught in my throat."
Check out TonyTAT Custom Art Design on FB. Displayed originals, by Anthony Tremblay. Need somthing designed, or need a logo or emblem?
He's Irish. He's amazing. He's incredibly nice. He's left handed. He's beautiful. He plays guitar. RT if you know who I'm talking about. <U+262E>
what da crapp does your name stand for ??????????//
Still Waiting.
Want to meet w CTO this afternoon? Hit me on Twitter or text at 206-390-9597.
writing notes down on what i want on my website
Estimates on crowd size for anti- #civilunions rally at #Colorado Capitol? Thx.
all star from the 3... y'all aint got big enough ballz
Two new piano songs writen
Hell's Kitchen duo turns 500-sq-foot pad into posh sanctuary - amNY
Sounds fun. What kind, color?
not true. Adult actor wasn't on there
Let's hope today doesn't suck too.
You are hilarious, Miss
RT Romney will win all 57 states and Nova Scotia! #DickMorrisPredictions>>>I just hope he wins WI.
what dude?
yes the brain is the sexiest part of the human body to me.
Lady GaGa is looking out-of-control AMAZING in the new issue of ELLE! Killing it!
Anyone that knows me , Knows I can't stand talkin on the damn phone Unless I really like you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
I would be happy to give it to them, but they've never indicated one iota of interest.
I LOVE all my followers (((:
About to be the longest 2 hours of my life....
SMH Girl bye
is a sweet heart HE WENT TO JAPAN although of the radiation love him maybe today he'll follow me
Every stadium in the Big East has a synthetic FieldTurf field, except for #USF, Pitt, & UConn, who play on Natural Grass.
want anything from Cotixans?
hey am waiting on the track :)
Enjoy both the summer vacation and your new home!
nice job! good luck!
I would love some Bacon and Koolaid!
Don't get egg on our face, get it on your pizza. Breakfast Pizza and bottomless mimosas til 3 p.m.
Just had sushi for the first time! First roll was gross, but it started growing on me by the end of the meal.
Dat was a b.tch move..dat nigga mad cause he suck like f.ck!!
I can't wait to see pictures of you and Halloween pictures.
pissed they won cuz I wanted bama to move up in the polls. But anyone's better than Ohio State.
9 pitch walk leads to a run.
heii I am a big fan of you and you sing great and I want to be as beautiful as you:)
Have you ever been so happy you want to either cry or do 50 cartwheels? It's kind of like that.
That awkward moment when has sleep paralysis.
It's all hypnotic and sanctified, I grab ahold of the mic and let the words glide.
Hi Katlin!!!! Thanks for the support.
im leavin now...
chi u know its no comp. Cnt no other twerk team n Memphis c us. They call us #twerkteammemphis wen we cum out
Guess most #GOPers hv not read Lenin's treatises agnst Social Democrats, huh? :-)
I vote for "Instagram it". From a safe distance, of course. I'd be down there myself, but I'm working out here all weekend.
Retweet if your a dancer, and no no no no, not just any dancer noticeably Talented Dancer :-)
Had lunch with & got to finally meet the incredibly talented Xander Bennett today. Every writer or would-be writer should be following him!
tummy ache
Music sounds better with
AUSTIN'S NEW SONG IS AMAZING.~le fangirling
WHOA YES YOU DID THIS IS INCREDIBLE
In #OklahomaCity #text MODELVIP to 90210 for info on instruction & placement services from VIP Model Club. #Mobile #marketing works!
Let's try this again. Free crawfish birthday bash. Cinco de Mayo. Who's coming.
I love you lol(; your singing is amazing! it would mean the world to me if you followed me! but you prolly won't see this....
Also, can't wait to hear about it. We should have a phone call soon
On way to Verdi Club in SF to hawk some cakes
so many ideas! Gray, or black, obviously. Floral print, or navy.
The new album is worth a listen. But my fave is still 13 Tales From Urban Bohemia. Nothing can beat that album.
offering a great webinar series in April so save the date!
Yay! RT: “: I love George strait especially the song your playing now!!!! #lovesgunnamakeit <3 Making my day!!!!!”
Any #ogdcamp'ers left at the Best Western?
#sxswedu Mike Feinberg recounting the genesis and growth of KIPP. He should have headlined.
Yeah....im addicted to sex. Smfh
i dont understand how some people have like 60k tweets
ITS FREE BURRITO DAY! yum yum
Two things I need to do to be a mom on Toddlers & Tiaras: - Have a kid - Gain 150 pounds
Duct Cleaning for Health and Energy Efficiency - (and fun!) via
RT #1: I don't get NASCAR. Crazy Christians and rednecks watching cars drive in circles for hours, praying for a crash.
Some TV kisses are so ugly
Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed. Always aim at purifying your thoughts and everything will be well. - M.G
To the Superbowl we go. Go pakeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeers.
Thank you for the link. How often are these events? My cousin died of Leukemia so this cause is very close to my heart.
:-) just sent you message with my google plus name..
get ahold of Natalie? ()
that's one way to express my rage
Today I am being brave & wearing heels to work. Brave because I am facing the possibility that I might roll my ankle while carrying coffee.
THANK YOU FOR LIKING PD OF ALBUQUERQUE! I promise fun videos and some very surprising photographs. :)
Happy Birthday :)
would you rather rep a writer who is entrepreneurial or just sticks to writing? what's the norm? thx
YOU'RE MEXICAN!?!?... I thought you were white
I'm hungry. But I'm sticking to this diet.
Once a mahomie, always a mahomie (:
I'm a tax payer, what are you a sax player...in the band?
ahaha, naww, if it serious then you gotta apologize
Thank you for your leadership!
I still haven't seen Godspell, I really want to! And I'm seeing Wicked again next Sunday! Can't wait! :)
It's so weird to feel like I have no idea what's going on or going to happen, but then suddenly feel enlightened. Sort of.
You met her on Friday night. She doesn't agree at all on my friendship theory
good question. i guess you would.
#AGirlJustWants Someone to love them<3
Nichols: I'd love to see a carbon tax, but Americans hate taxes. We're doing everything we can do with regulation.
agree. I wish we would get over trying to find *the* answer, rather than realize it is complex and shifting. is not a leaky faucet.
#HighSchoolTaughtMe to stop trying to fit into a Click!!!!!! Some people didn't learn that lesson 10 years later!!!!
What size tip do u all use to pipe like that. I keep looking for a bigger one so it may just be moi! Lol
you know how you are Smh
Im being serious.. Germany isn't that far... ;)
Is it impolite to tweet with your mouth full? Not when you are in the company of friends! Breakthrough VII
- It sure does feel like a uniform!
There's always a high demand for well kept diesel VWs!
thanks as always for the mention!
Darren Nicholas, manager of bin-on-the-lake 2 lead Thursday's lunch tasting. Should be rich experience. Apply to taste @ www.TasteTweet.com
Rates are great! Call us today at (804)276-4146!
I'm scared to admit how much I miss him
yeah it does haha.
thanks for the RT's and mentions!
The best part of NYE is definitely deciding which sparkle nail polish to use
Gotta find someone to help me improve my voice or even just sing along.
We've got to impress upon people that in a disaster, the cavalry ISN'T coming. They are on their own.
I liked that :) "osea NQV" :P
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
lol!!!! U r crazy girl miss ya!!!
RT : Headed to Madison w/ Beer & Pretzel Caramels & Espresso Dark Chocolate Caramels!
officially not talking to <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
RT : Great dinner with Addy judges, and others at Silo (can you say green chile mac'n cheese?).
don't act like you don't know man
twitter>FB its more socially acceptable to express what Im thinking at that exact moment and not have to worry about when my last post was
Productive day with the IN M0tion team. Daydreams and Nightmares cover photoshoot complete. Can't wait to show you the results.
agree or disagree: 2nd Qtr of 2010 #Packers vs #Falcons NFC Divisional Game is the best Qtr of GBP football you've ever seen?
The serving size for meat or poultry is about the size of a deck of cards.
I like you. Your friend? Not so much.
We specialize in life, health, disability, and long-term care insurance.
Ny City Sanitation has just buried my car in snow "Gotta Love The Big Apple"!
I got free in-person consulting from the CustomerIO co-founder!
You're quite welcome -- all the the best to you - bernard Carson Dunn Media
A long way from home sitting in my own mind of thoughts.
,my buddy is havin a surprise b-day barhop....yes,even n the snow...lmao!!!
EMR is fully implemented at my clinic next wk. Still at one patient per 20 minutes. This is going to be a true entertainment experience.
Apparently it is impossible to get a flight to the for less than $400.
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
Bringers of the Dawn is just getting started playing a benefit show at Panera Bread on National. Get down here and enjoy some dinner!
There off
Watching Dallas Mavericks at Miami Heat with Viggle Fri | 10:45 | NBA TV HDTV Get real rewards just for watching TV.
so sad! But too adorable. We were legit dying.
I'm so sorry for your loss!
Cole Adkins must of an IQ of 900! He's our strategic accountant!!!
Getting ready to be sworn in for 2nd term on the SSF City Council. Very grateful to my colleagues for their support this past Mayoral year.
I haven't wore A Pair of tennis since the Rock the Mix concert back in 04 I think o_O but he bought so I'll wear em.....
Definitely ripped a huge hole in my pants this morning. good work chubs
Who remember some of our early hits? from Ghost Town Dj's, Da Brat, Jagged Edge, Lil Bow Wow, Escape, && many more?
I would like tickets to the game so I can make my 7 month pregnant wife happy! Please
Pedro still 0-for-the-cleanup spot but still hitting the ball hard
Yeah.... That will happen with da herb!
woo so excited!!
Ok I gotcha haha
Lol at John as he's being a pleb .that makes me feel better
:) im cool wbu?
Good morning !! Happy Hump day!!
Hydroplaning for days.
Phase 1 complete. Commencing acquisition of Howard
give your heart a break.
INCORRECT REACTION: RT : There's a fire in USC, nice :o
I'm at the administration support center?.-.
Agree w/u & would love to add concierges from the Beach Village at the Del. Have worked with them before & they are awesome!
If you don’t make mistakes, you’re not working on hard enough problems. And that’s a big mistake.
I simply just don't understand
WhTF fights in the gym?!? Two women fighting in the gym. They looked like they needed to do less fighting and more working out.
- Gee. Now whaddya gonna' do?
Will there be other grid frameworks videos for frameworks like Bootstrap, Foundation from Treehouse in the near future?
Nice job #BrewCrew! You're up next, Bucky!
And I'm from pixburgh
Thanks for suggesting us!
spread the word! I will teach in Cordoba Spain 7,8,9 July + concert on 10! For young players in Europe a great way to exchange ideas!
Stomach ache :(
Welcome Hi!
Laura is teaching #Yoga tonight 6pm. All levels welcome!
hahah pshh what can I say? Im pretty good at that ;)
RT : Don't hire an assassin to clean the litter box, even if you pay his standard rate.
You're very welcome! Thanks for sharing your story Jimmy.
Your turtle must've broken out and ran away...
He gets all the girls! ;)
Productive Sunday Ahead!
I've always figured people with perfect robot bodies will want each other & I'll just enjoy my life in the meantime w/ what I've got
That's all I needed to know! Wait, do they have a grilled veggie panini?
Packing for 's bday beach weekend! #itsalittlelate but I'm excitttttedddd!
I love the bullet point, "Really floats". HA!
oh wow- that's incredibly lucky
this whole east coast west coast time difference thing is starting to become a serious problem.
This of course assumes that there are actually any "sane" Republicans
I regret alot of things !
I might be going! Are you going to be researching for CC there? Say what up to Chip (Poly grad too) at for me!
Finally! Gaffigan is DC bound!
lol give it a shot! you might like it! It's different!
: what my mother taught me is ones partner for life walks beside you not behind you.you have become one in life.
butt Kicker
Well not everybody but it's been 2 people already -.-
RT : Need to revise your job search strategy or even create one? Job Search Cram Sessions this week, April 25 (5pm) & 26 (11...
why does jetty behave differently when run as a windows service
Another Day.Give Tnks Father
I NEED THIS(:
2 great lectures tom.! H. Washington on pharm. industry & the medical world @ 5 in Forum. Dr. Kisiara on refugee camps @ 8 in French House.
me 2! this is awesome!
id have a prom date if someone didn't lose his wallet and didn't spend his money on damn weed and probably cigs
San Francisco - Audition/Cold Reading Technique Workshop - Sat. July 24th & Sun. 25th, 2010 - 10am-5pm www.actorsintensive.com
Good Morning Tweeters I hope all is well!
Go to bed!! Have a great morning! See you on the flip side, Over and out!
Pokemon the first movie.
Ugh. I'm starving. Lunch in 5 min.
haha I only know one other eliana but she pronounces it iliaahna
Hour 2 of the show is underway! Lots of baseball, hoops, NFL & boxing to talk about today. Hit us up: 888-640-9385.
U gotta break bread wit ya circle....-Gotti
Why is the WashU 18C crew so awesome? Because our night ended w/impromptu karaoke at the piano in the Rio Grande East meeting room.
Flutist was a Hindu RT : While changing trains, I dodged proselytizing Jews, Christians, Muslims and a guy playing pan flute.
What amazes me is that despite their claims, OWS crowd aren't anarchists either. They want MORE govt stuff
Dear lord! Did I read that correctly? Fish Fry pizza!?!?
One class down, one to go for this semester. Starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps. - Confucius
Okay 15 min into the monologue- not a peep of explanation of the mouse crawling across #leno lip
#RockTheInk will be amazing! I hope everyone will be going! Get your tickets from the Official Street Team, the Duke City Darlins!
Good night.
i have to take off six items before going to the restroom
is perfect. I love when he tweets all of his fans. So sweet. <3
After a long, long week at the refinery, finally doing some writing, listening to Anton Batagov. Fitting.
learn to drive stick first. Then automatic will be a breeze
I guess Kim Jong Il doesn't have to worry about being "So ronrey" any more.
Ya know I tried and I waited too long!! I'm done.. He had his chance so I'm moving on.. The past is the past! #chunkinupthadeuce <U+270C>
serously? What kind of F'd up community was that? He is still in MN, I know that.
Many people have dreams. Rich people have goals. So the question is, what is the difference between dreams and goals?
Having a blast with the BFs Family!
Confession: I'm now in the habit of buying both hard copies & kindle copies of the same #poetry collections. In my brain, it makes sense.
No, I helping out the speakers today and trying to do a fair amount of Tweeting. Hope to see you later.
lol your funny, I swore you unfolloeed me last time but it's good :-p
you are most welcome! Glad to be there from the beginning!
“: cant DM ur not following me.” Followed
yes please. hey random but talking about your mum her name is elaine right?
Oxy Mo: Working lunch
I have photographic evidence lol
Probably just keep tweeting about how we miss
I guarantee you some of your followers have no idea that tweet was about basketball lol
our pleasure! glad you're able to follow along at home! :)
Fundraisers, celebrities and Guinness World Record attempts are three of my favorite ways to get #media attention.
A happy life is a life with music in it : ) RT anytime Joe. Music is my life!!!
We're giving away an iPad2! Check back tomorrow for details
Role of journalist to add value- interpret info to their audience
no. okay but in reality, he'd be like "oh god, no." when he saw me.
#savingmoney <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>RT : This weather is perfect for not going out. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Im really a nice person
I find it weird that the only band I can listen to right now is Radiohead. Hmm.
Now time for hockey.
everything ok?
Thanks Erin! <3
It saddens me that Maddow 's commercial sounds more patriotic than any of the politicians in Washington or those running for office.
“You can't earn your way to wealth. You must save your way to wealth. - David Bach #remaxR4 #ahamoment”
very cool and i'm just a tiny bit jealous.
Thanks Sarah!! :)
Dallas wass up!
Isn't that exactly why he went undrafted? RT : Vontaze Burfict "I have a big chip on my shoulder & I’m ready to hit somebody.”
i figured that! but i also knew you could find my aussie beers too
Hello there! Could you please follow so I can send you a DM regarding a guitar project you'll be interested to know about? Thx!
lol I asked em that in math one day and D said kevins house and everyone started cracking up. you don't get it?
great presentation Joe - impactful presentation on the need to jump in to the social media space - from a business perspective
me and bouta change the world
I want to fucking scream.
Felt awkward staring at JLo, trying to determine if that was a nip slip or not
I cant believe i forgot my caboodle im such an asshole
As a car guy, I don't know that I'll ever understand people's obsessions with bicycles.
#Dick Clark - Rest in peace
thx! it's good in the end. just plenty of reflections on life and death and love this week!
Just getting home... I think I missed quite a bit.
A friends mom gave me a super cute lunch box to celebrate my new job. So sweet, I am now ready for school :)
lol wow... And the Republicans are the bad ones? If all Dems are like you, I'll stay a Republican.
“: what made you want to start making YouTube videos?
- time to unwind!
copy that.
ill see.
": Amazing music! I really liked it! Thanks for the follow :)" yay! Thanks mabe!
Agree. Uthoff only one talking. He may not fully grasp process. But if/when UW side comes out, what reason is good enough?
is there anyway to have interview Debbie the Pet Lady on air? It would be gold. Gold, Jerry, Gold!
At least I'm getting my check in the morning !
haaha my. Tits itch
Shawn got put on seroquil and it made him crazy depressed. I had to tell his doctor to take him off it. It was really bad Ray.
You know your pants are too big when they fall off you while you run.. Shoulda bought a small.
Nice to meet you! I just downloaded your podcast & am looking forward to learning more. Happy #rcyc!
Jimmy Cliff is the musical guest on NBCs Jimmy Fallon - on right now!
I am starting a conspiracy theory Obama Osama isn't dead he is living in NY with bloomberg LOL
It's not just about who you know or what you know - it's what you do with your knowledge you gain & how you treat others that matters.
stress-free is the way to be
Hi Amy Ames, your song "No Beer Here" is on air tonight at 9pm (Swe) in "Bill´s Texas Bar" Radio 88FM Gothenburg, Sweden.
We should get Phil Davison as a chapel speaker
It's official! the NightOut.com network has gone international. Today, we welcomed Singapore and Canada. Sign up now at RichmondNightOut.com
ooh, details..? ;D
Spent the last few days in a flurry of deconstruction. Now it's time to take it all and do production. Hooray for the creative process!
Imagine how different our world would be if sleeping in comfy beds with lovely blankets wasn't the norm.
in dc not weekend. Let's plan something for soon though!
ANY TYPE JUST REGULAR TYPE OMG WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING IN MY BRAIN
I just got engaged a month ago and my theme for my wedding is "FABULICIOUS!" My colors are hot pink, black and white!
No eating after 8pm
well you don't need to tweet about it. And you know what maybe he doesn't but he loves ALL his fans.
Not looking forward to going back to snow in Indiana. Think I'll stay in the sunshine and 60 degree weather for awhile longer instead.
#MXpresidentialDebate Peña to Josefina "shame on you reviving the death of a little girl for political gain"
yup and i think she noticed when i took the picture...oh well YOLO
I really wanted to go to Yankee stadium this summer and hear Metallica come on.
After each chapter, the story-workbook™ poses a series of questions and discussion points
okayy yu gonna do it now
“: you go be there ?” lol u know I don't sing I mite dip thru tho
Geeks rule! RT : A call to arms from Susan Crawford for geeks to get involved in govt rather than dismiss it as irrelevant.
Learn more about the community outreach initiatives of the Portland Trail Blazers.
Lou Willams scored 54 on my school in HS Playoffs...Wilt took less shots the night he scored 100, haha
4-1 this wkend...lots of great efforts...our 2015 post tandem of Emma Roennenberg & Megan Gustafson tore it up!
i would be nice to meet u sometime because your a really good singer
Glad to hear and it could be better I guess.
I'm so glad Verne and Bill ended up calling the games in Louisville.
is that a threat fucker": Rose are red violets are blue if you don't stop hating !I Kill You !"
With wife at a conference, looking to get some work done this morning before doing some #HabitatForHumanity work this afternoon.
If her period only comes at the end of the sentence, she's too young for you bro! Lol
Up to my eyeballs dealing with reference requests today. People ask for the moon, but too often all I have is moon dust
Can I be like Aundrea's Saruh protector. I'm always around her or s/t. I can totally make sure no one flirts with her.
is an eerie accompaniment to in my Twitter feed. "Moloch whose eyes are a thousand blind windows!"
Tune in tomorrow @ 8:30a PST to I'll be talking about the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth Listening Tour stop in LA this week.
I have to make a Vanilla Ice themed casserole. Anyone have any ideas?
If you're in Richmond, VA & know of someone who's actively job hunting, encourage them to visit the Employment Transition Center at Innsbro…
that was strike 2, not ball 2 dumb brain ump.
I have this thing where I've been getting kinda faded and watching Indiana Jones 4. Like 5 times in the last 2 months.
ahahahaha gee, thanks, buddy. ;)
RT : #BigData analytics and #privacy at #bocc this morning. Most people ok with collection in return for better ads/service if...
Had a blast tonight with an old friend! Prom photos and Applebee's
i always seem to miss you when you come around
follow me?<U+2665>
Damn...it not lookin good all the sudden for my #Coyotes ...We gotta step it up! WHAT HAPPENED TO OUR GOALIE..HE WAS KILLIN IT LAST 2 SERIES
Best one in tears i gotta say!
right on! We'll start counting down the days too :-)
That dog is legit.
Film Editing #Oscars - Prediction - The Artist – Anne-Sophie Bion and Michel Hazanavicius
Hope Everyone's Had A Happy Halloween. Picture Upload Shortly...
Hey thanks!...had a blast. Enjoy your weekend!
Follow on #Twitter to see the latest news from GalTime!!
Skyline Tech preso - top list growth tactics: registration on site and forward to a friend. Mobile capture is growing fast.
I don't know what's wrong with people anymore! #rookisawesome (:
Preach the gospel at all times -- If necessary, use words.
i hate when other ppl be in my shyt i swear and she slow for thinken i would call her a bitch and she know whats gudd thats what i hate.
Still wrapping my head around Weedon drafting by #Browns. But I still try to wrap my head around why Alien Resurrection was ever made, too.
there's no way those girls grow up to be normal. eating disorders, drugs, giant bitch syndrome, there's just no way they are ok
yes, with my little brother!! :]
not again!
You ruined everything.
Saw on
a "grown ass man" like need a 40+ hour work week... How am I suppose to keep up with my life style???!!! Ugh!
I really have no clue who it is.... and im scared
Transfer TO VCR? Give me them mad skillz!
We think not too :)
Staff walkthrough of "A Genius for Place." First look (after and ). Glad friends from Reynolda Gardens here.
MY LIL MAN TRYNNA SEE THE WORLD YET
The way I feel right now...
Who started doing the round avatars first - comments or ? Someone else? I love it! It's different.
lol. You just made me chuckle :)
First Mimosa today and Happy New Year to my wonderful family and fabulous friends who make everything worthwhile - 2012, bring it on!
which makes the fact that she slept with #unclejoey even more fascinating
A hearty congratulations to President Obama! We are glad to have his support in the fight for same sex marriage.
alpha brain is $35 and really good stuff
Great lunch today - I think sweet potato tots are my new favorite side dish...
same here beybehh !!
Feature Creative for all your Graphic design in Kansas City. www.featurecreative.com
I probably won't do it this time due to vacations. Depends on the day. cc
So many things to do....what pearl does this day hold for me? May your pearls be plentiful....
THANKS TO ALLISON AND AUBREY FOR A WONDERFUL PRESENTATION ABOUT BOUNCE MUSIC TODAY AT THE HEALING CENTER!!HAD A BLAST THE DIVA!!!
Great advice!
Congrats to all the Brides getting married this weekend in OK and KS Congrats and stay cool!
I feel like I can judge who my true friends are based on whether they have a nautical-themed outfit at the ready at all times.
Wherever you go, whatever you do, I will be right here waiting for you.
hell yes xD
just 4 more ABVD left. I can't wait to be done.
Too expensive. Need something cheaper.
oh, and i got another email from jjb, i forwared it to you
I remember being jealous of my friend that had a Commodore 64.
What time does the #Braves play tonight?
my babies<3 aha
Two arrests at Kelly Pt Park ahead of Occupy Portland protest today at the Port of Portland. Live coverage on Fox 12.
sorry, just saw this. you can make them private and charge to add people to the invite list.
Me too
Delay of game.
you had to go there. Cottage cheese is what I had for breakfast. It just, uh, came back for a visit.
you have my sympathies, totally.
I'm going to see Spy kids! WooooooHooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CNN's GUT CHECK for May 1, 2012 - CNN (blog)
so, use a teaspoon? Hey, not all my parenting tips can be winners! :)
though ultimately, super strict recs seem analogous to trying to fit one size box to every collection item.
RT: i saw another twitter prostitute!!!!!! Lol»oh lawd it's a twitter epidemic!!!lmao
awww poor baby :'( feel better! <3
I Havnt gone to the doctors yet
Looking at pictures from 6th grade... Hahahahaha :P
" Say it just one time ; say you love me. God knows I do love you again "
Love reviewing covers!
yes, we have the conscious ability to choose but the conscious is governed by the unconscious.Cannot exist without it...
No anyone looking for a great house in eastern VA?
Thanks, Dave! We're excited about our growth, too. Stay in touch.
A little tardy to the party, but we appreciate all of you faculty ! Happy National Teacher's Day!
Humor does not diminish the pain - it makes the space around it get bigger
#thingsIlove2Hear "no homework for tonight"
I trust not a damn soul# foulplay
Tomorrow is gonna be soo easy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><U+270A>
I am REALLY looking forward to that series!
I feel bad for that lil girl dieing after a fist fight with another girl. She had a good life and now taken away at an early age.GodBlessyou
6 THINGS WE SAY IN SCHOOL: 1. I'm tired. 2. I'm cold. 3. I don't get it. 4. I'm hungry. 5. What time is it? 6. I want to go home.
What does high #bloodpressure have to do with stroke? Join the #HBPchat on Tues., May 15 1PM ET to find out.
brizo 69835-pc vesi utility triple robe hook chrome - MyWorldPlus- robe hooks chrome
You going to make the drive up for PR 3.0 on 2/15, Rob? It's TOTALLY work related.
I need a new hobby. Any suggestions?
Could GPO be losing the SuDoc role to LoC? What would that mean for FDSys? House Approps bill calls on GAO to study the idea. Interesting...
EVERYBODY WANT TEW BE RESPECTED BUT DNT NOBODY WANNA GIVE RESPECT
I can only dream of New York as for meeting adam richman with tickets prices at $195 and up for most events only in my dreams
That much is a given Lexi :3
thank u... And most def see u on FB
The pace of this Kentucky-Indiana game is insane. Basketball equivalent of Hagler-Hearns.
Preseason means nothing, ipso facto preseason tweets mean nothing.
wow....alright I need a cup of coffee...oh wait my coffee maker broke this morning.
FREE MUSIC Promotions: Get your music Played on the Radio TODAY!
yep. I might not be able to see her until August after this weekend.
So what did you shoot? And by the way...do you breathe in or out when you swing? lol
Show title seems to be narrowed down to Storms Beneath MY Skin or Storms Beneath HER Skin. (Caps just for clarification.) Thoughts? #help!
It feels so freakn good outside
"The will to win means nothing without the will to prepare." -Juma Ikangaa, 1989 NYC Marathon winner
Taylor donated 4 Million dollars to the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum! wow :) Taylor is perfection! <3
All vocals are officially in... s/o
Although often criticized for his unhealthy appearance, Prince Fielder was the only MLB player to play in all 162 games this past season.
Dreading tomorrow. Miss my mommy. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Be careful what you set your heart upon - for it will surely be yours. James A. Baldwin
check out my amazing client and follow her please
La la la la , la la la la , elmoss world (:
in San Diego just got back to my suit & the view is AH - mazing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Happy College Football New Year's everybody!
I am glad you had fun with Wendy! Now,why again are men dumb??
If u followed me it would mean the world i know u have prob have 100000 tweets too u but i still want to tweet it just incase u read it<3
Next up- Part 2 "It's all about the PLN, WHAT?!?"
Oh. I'm so sorry. Everything will be alright.
now I'm picturing you in monk garb with a martini in your hand :)
Soon enough an army of Fedora salesman will be waiting for at the airport
Forget about completing huge #dating profiles. is coming to our event next week
yep go power
glad to say I've happily been a fan since '11 and more collabs like "C'Mon" should be made. I love that song!
I didn't know that until know lol
you know maybe Jack. Me and jose have always had issues. it's ok for a while and then we have a falling out.
Make that money!! RT : Work -___-
RT : I kind of love a joyous tribute more than moments of silence. RIP Earl.
Glad I found you on Twitter! Just sent you an email this morning about our project in Chicago.
happy good decision anniversary :)
#1ThingIFindSexy moon soil
Email from facilities about the AC not working in our building: "I would plan on dressing for warm conditions..."
too much sock. Ankle highs are the goldie locks of socks...just right.
Bro I woke up at 1.. I feel like such a bum
I need a job someone hire me!
europan please please and peru ,,,,,, where???? you going here LIMA - PERU
Nina Garcia called Michelle Williams' "breathtaking"? Shaking my head.
Perfect Sunday
Mr. Know It All
"Bill Clinton Reveals Secret Hillary Kept From Him" #huffpost She's having an affair with John Edwards!
This guy next to me stink... And is making me more nauseas than I already am fml
Thx for responding. After 15 minutes she tried to transfer me and accidentally hung up. I figured it out online.
You say that to make people believe that you can DM them and make people to follow you and reach more followers, isn't it?
Trouble paying taxes? IRS will discuss "fresh start." #Indianapolis IRS office (575 N. Pennsylvania St.) open tomorrow, July 16, 9am-2pm.
didn't see the colon - thanks :)
What's the deal with Seastrunk? When will know if he's eligible this season? How will that work?
Camille is freaking agile like a #cheetah *meow*
Mossberg love is excellent. Congtats on that. I'm still feeling all warm and fuzzy about the Time accolade.
A blunt of kush with 2Pac
I'm working on a presentation about non-auditory effects of #noise and another on early implantation of
Unknown~ All I want to do is to minister to someone And if I do that Then the Lords work in me has been done.
We may have lost a good friend here on earth, but heaven gained a new angel today...she will be greatly missed...
is going to be out of town too, West Virginia visiting family :) Glad to know I'm a gateway drug to get to :)
Mad game of monopoly with my Mexicano friend
He sure is a good actor....
I miss my old life I miss my sisters I miss my old friends my life will never be the same
we just back to the area from Lakeland.
“: Nathan Fletcher looking good for Mayor of San Diego. #sandiegomayor”
u a fresh fan so fall back and wish I would buy her shit I'm bootleg a couple songs if they good though I will check it out
Met Stacy Keach and Ed Gero after after seeing King Lear at the Shakespeare Theatre. COOL!
No worries.
Good foul. Lakers left with 5 seconds to do something...
Your new cover just revived my love for that song. :D
This bitch is gonna be eating dirt pretty soon if she doesn't leave my brother alone.
Good to see you today, as always! Enjoy your trip!
Sectionals in a few. Fun stuff bro.
Check me out on facebook. food2live4
I hate #sprint !!! ughh
yes i speak german you to? ??
Things will get gully RT A8: don't talk like the cast of
SO excited for the launch of in April!
just saw Disney's Tangled for the first time. it's the. best.
Walk it out
Representatives of rival Palestinian movements Fatah and Hamas say they have agreed on measures to end an impasse in reconciliation talks.
I'm excited for baseball but I'm not in full 9-days-out spirit. I think an evening watching MLB Network & Rookie of the Year is in order.
ha! Don't freak me out like that :)
I literally am going to eat my arm off.
. That hurts. I can think of one sports reporter who won't be receiving a box of festive sausages and cheeses this Christmas.
Josh and Cher Forever!!
When there's nothing on the 5000 channels I have, I remember that's why I pay for netflix
MoneyCatchers.com is a company we work with to bring alternative employment for artists!
My bracket is beat
thanks for the shout out! Enjoy
I'll be happy the day I feel like I got enough sleep.
Heading to Clark Field to film my first football game of the season! Follow if you wanna know if I'm having a good night!
#2mins and you shall be 16..gonna cry /: growing up so fast !
Early happy Founders Day ! #AXO installed Delta Omicron chapter on May 13, 1961!
i did I followed plz I'm a big fan
Spending a rainy Saturday morning learning meditation from a Tibetan Buddhist.
Heraclitus~ Opposition brings concord. Out of discord comes the fairest harmony.
"Be gentle to all and stern with yourself." Saint Teresa of Avila
good to know! thanks! :)
your welcome
my pleasure, have a wonderful day!
The comments by about "Sweet Caroline" at Fenway are well worth a listen.
Carmelo Anthony. Amazing how hard you can play when you like the coach.
You show signs of an early Pollack, although I can't clearly say which signs.
DFL Sen. Sandra Pappas says she would consider withdrawing her ethics complaint against Republican Sen. Geoff Michel if he apologized.
We may have a problem 2nite
so? What's wrong with that. Everyone should have one. If people were proactive they wouldn't be bitching non-stop right now.
I saw Hall & Oates on TV and I thought - if I was a baller - I'd buy them for KevBones as a wedding gift. I'd send them on ponies.
Hi! It was great being so close. We love our Bucks! They make funny noises & faces..hee hee
...thanks sweets...
I liked it. Nice feature!
Looking forward to our friend Kathy Nickolaus winning us our third straight election.
Shefa Gold is chanting across eastern MA this weekend - I am accompanying on drums - www.hebrewchantboston.org for schedule - Shalom!
300's a majority?! In that case Boston's full of sick racists.
Left over fat pattys <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Thanks so much RT : A man after my own heart!
I'd recommend 1-3pm est, or be like and repost at different times of day to reach different audiences
Budgeting is already a given, but doing it in advance can provide you with a visual of your finances.
Woman's Logic: Bikini - No problem. Bra and underwear: - OMG DON'T LOOK!!!
Mrs Ayse Gül (84) has managed to collect only (!) 5 full vans of garbage in her house where she has been living.
See u ! RT : I'll miss you both! Thanks so much for celebrating and supporting last night :)
amazing game. Onwards!!!
hey you want me to put the hurt on him?.
Buy #Local and Buy #Used this Holiday Season! Come into STUFF on Friday and from 8am-12pm everything in the store is 10% OFF!
Ha I haven't even eaten today.
what are the boys up ti
thanks for the mention!! Oct 26 can't come soon enough!
Living Social ... at Tudor Place. Look for our twofer offer TOMORROW!
saw your Q re: CEO... I def didn't work at HBR in the 70s, but what Qs do you have? Nice blog post.
"you have a cute butt" stop hitting on me
Playing some GTAIV. Should go to bed because I have to open tomorrow. Bah. I'm excited for iPhone Updated 2.0!
So are we. Fun starts at 7pm! RT : so excited to see the house teams back this weekend!
Well wit my socks on
Testing, testing are you out there ?
I went home and changed back to normal.
figures that Gant would hit the shot at the buzzer that didn't mean anything
Benefit #227 of the boy living with me. I come home to find him cleaning my washing machine.
Guess who made the 2012-2013 varsity pantherettes dance team <3 this girl ..........
Hi Josh(:
I'm out for Scrabble *this* time, sorry to say. I will find a way to support you guys.
Watching the Led Zeppelin movie The Song Remains the Same with Paul... gets better the more wine I drink.
Wow #tigers breaking this one open. Crew needs to do the same tonight!
follow me!!
Hey Jude don't make it bad...
Comic View was that shiz-nic back I the day yo.
#Ireland 32 #Scotland Irish showing great fitness & overpowering Scots.Pressure on line & Mcfadden grabs ball & lunges over. Sexton converts
ugh hate that! and you're like "aaw man i thought i was clever!"
My new productivity strategy centers around only checking email twice a day. First day. Already failed. Ok, three times a day.
OMG i just got a free pass to go to ann arbor MI to cast for the real world....
SHAKE IT UP FOREVAH!!!!!!!
Just finished preaching at the Church of God Int. Offices chapel. Great to be with our church family and the great servants there.
a Kaz i owe u 8 bars my bad!!!! send me dat song again & i'll finish it 4 ya
Excellent. I'll let you know. Always good when someone can keep pace on Seinfeld references.
I know what is he thinking? This makes no sense!
you think will do a last hurrah in wwe ever?
Nice win for the
RT : Now that's jus bad sportsmanship take the lost like a man! I thought the lakers would have better character than that....
R E T W E E T if you have less than 5,000 followers, Simply Follow <U+25BA> <U+25C4> she will HELP you OUT!! NO LIE RT SO SHE CAN C U
PLEASE TAKE IT OFF CODY ;)
Hello weekend, hello gin!... Happy birthday wknd Don't die in
You can stream Jack White's entire new album, Blunderbuss, free on iTunes. You can, and you should.
I just finished a 2.71 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Thanks for sharing... Glad you liked!
RT : Have fun at #AZEC11. I attended two years ago and learned a ton. It was a great intro for this startup rookie.
Could be a casual chat, might be just a "tad" bit more!
Congratulations Brandon!!! I am so proud for you! Audition booked...time to work:)
left one forsure!
just asking
Great meeting you on the One Love Cruise! Congrats on being the longest running morning show! Blessings
Ha ha! Awesome! I'm gonna see if I can take this chair from Uncle Tom while I'm down there.
Have a good day!
Also hoping gets home safely. Let me know when you land?
going nuts on the Heat as usual, even tho as a collective group they have 0 rings. deferring to D Wade in the clutch, haha!
That moment when you realize the best way to get your GFs attention is to tweet her and she's in the next room. I'm roof bound-join
You don't HAVE to go to every day of Sasquatch if you don't want to, but you can buy single-day tix to BShoot & not Sasquatch ;)
what's "oovoo"? Would love to see u
Sometimes it seems that the going is just too rough. And things go wrong no matter what I do -Florence and the Machine
I love cold and nasty weather. It makes me want to grow a beard.
s/o to new followers :D
I'm just not sure how this went from retirement plans to ppl being arrested and students not being able to ask questions.
Working on resuming the digital libraries and technology conversation. E-verything goes digital content.
“: The Seattle Mariners and Charlotte Bobcats should combine rosters and start playing kickball instead.”
Home in 3 weeks to shake shit up in Dublin
Aww...have a great night #twinnie!
Awesome! Love how pictures can show the heart and soul of a city - lookin' good, all of it! Thanks!
#tweetyourweight 238.8 lbs and 75 days till the wedding. Trying to get between 200 and 210 by the big day, will update as much as possible.
This AMAZING RACE challenge entails fetching water for impoverished African locals. That is... kind of grotesque.
no. can't say that I am. I'll check it out. Thanks.
Ah nothing like a little gardening.
hey, what's happening?
Tune into 1310 WIBA to see how it's working out for us. We're on live right now.
HOBBY FUN exhibit! Drop off your work on this Thursday 5-8p or Sat. 12-5p. Show will be juried on the 8th by Becky Tesch.
I can never say what I really wanna say with you
How can the Raiders have a rookie mini-camp when they only had three draft picks? Maybe they can play catch.
Man I love the weather today!
You. Yes You reading this tweet. I Love You. Now move along now...
very cool! congrats! :)
| Any udpates? See you later at
I hope the shirt Im wearing isnt dress code -.-
I hope our food was able to cheer you up! What did you get and how was it?
It's too early to say that. Maybe after the next game....“: The Sixers possibly winning this series is like a real thing now.”
Sounds like your kind of place. You wearing your favorite purple shirt? ;) By the way, I'm
Sweetest Day is Saturday&We have the perfect gift for your loved one. Purchase a 3 visit gift certificate worth $875 for only $100.
Dare to be different ...to achieve greatness RT : Strength lies in differences, not in similarities.
Ahem…. And the band playing!
Seven Pounds sucked. I've found myself becoming really annoyed with Will Smith's acting lately.
i love the term "Mexifornian" funny :-)
Thank you! RT : Love, love, love outdid themselves on this 1 RT : An innovative city w/ something for...
lls than im not goin b actin my old ass just goin b old...lls
it was way easier than anything mrs Monroe has ever given us. Lol so I think I passed
tank&some baggy sweats is how im rolling this morning
I thought you said you already were a chef??
What we have is knowledge, but what we need is understanding
Hey Cindy thanks for following. Big change Maryland to Nevada - don't you miss the humidity?
The office is buzzing with excitement about the #SoMe awards tonight! Good luck !
Got the kind of money make a broke bitch bitta...... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Thanks! We hope to see you! Keep us posted about OWLL's production too!
lol I was there way before you!
Follow me on Instagram!
Aargh chirping smoke detector @ 4am Least the house wasn't on fire I guess I could have made smores on open fire after I saved my pics & fam
Tomorrow starts July. We can't wait for #JingleInJuly- July 30th, 2-4:00pm at !
#Follow today for the latest information on women's health and resources!
Happy New Year! The Monster Mania Monster Truck show will be at the Lazy E Arena on Jan. 7&8! Hope to see you there! Please RT!
that could be possible Mr. Ravenstahl... nice avi btw
Such a great afternoon filming with yfrog.com/klleiysj
The MUNI trains always smell like inflatable pool toys. Reminds me of summer as a kid.
I really like certain voicemails sent in my sleep
Today's the last day of class, so excited
I miss Papelbon.
He's usually in our parking lot about this time of night!
too bad i am arriving on the day after you leave.
I LOVE YOUR TOUR MERCH! I CAN"T WAIT TO BUY SOME!
nice to meet u, u may njoy 15 master classes on YT and Ustream, Zappa, Dead, Bill Evans, Dolphy, more.. free, no commercials!
Those are GT5 videos you did, so it's still work, amirite? Too bad you didn't subtitle them.
In the last 60 mins, I've seen snow, rain, sunshine and now clouds. What are you seeing?
As you recall, you know I love to show off
We'd love some company here in DC, but no word on when/if that might happen!
It was the hashtag for a social media bootcamp today with of
Or "let's go in to Home depot and ask for directions to Lowes"
: who needs an idea? #IHaveAnIdea! Can't believe no one has done this yet. I need 2 tell someone abt it. Venturers... 122011
Lmao crazy! Now that would be a crazy collaboration!
Seth has good pt. Plenty of time for D.Ro & crew to roll
Great regular season means nothing if you don't show up when it matters the most.
I would watch that. I might be the only one though.
it's a little addictive. the sound gets fainter and fainter and you really want to keep hearing it. glad to know he liked it.
WEE 10/20, 12 - 2 topic: Your Personal Credit is Your Business Credit. Free credit counselor sign ups.
not twitter in law. I can't type
Dear Madonna, Ke$ha wrote the perfect song for u. U need to listen it, it is called D.I.N.O.S.A.U.R. Haha u old whore!!!
When the classroom is quiet n someone's sneeze scares the he'll out of you <U+E40D>
ha ha. it's supposed to be *texture*!
"Now" ?? RT : He A Hoodrat Now. RT : I don't even know Jamael anymore. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I can't help but envision Tina Turner climbing Everest in her red sparkly dress.
The Rt 15 nb is scheduled at 8:50am on Sundays at College&Packard. 8:41am is a Weekday scheduled time at that location.
and we match on. Let's go #Buffs!
it is weird but she may just want a smooth life instead of fighting them!
Just saw the trailer for the Lorax...I hate when Hollywood doesn't adapt books properly. I mean sheeeshhhhhhhhh.
She's got a ticket to ride, and she don't care
I agree
I need a break. ! #cantwaitforsummer !
I just purchased a pink mighty morphing power rangers tshirt.
lol!...it is kind of scary....you are supposed to be my voice of reason!!
SO FROM WATCHING SPORTSCENTER IT SEEM LIKE LAKERS SHOULD OF WON.
Hold on to frequent flier miles unless you can get more than a dollar's worth of air fare or other stuff for every 100 miles you spend
Looking forward to TN Volunteer football. Praying for no season ending injuries. Excited to watch the talent gel to make a winning team
We look forward to having you and Happy Birthday!!!
It's terrible. And it illustrates many things I want to say about genre, about authoring discourses, about gender & politics.
what can I do for ya? wanna shoot me an email ?
Sittin on the runway, waiting for take off...
What are your best memories from prom? I could tell you mine but idk if yall can keep a secret lol lol lol
Rasp game Kathleen Turner
This is the networking part of the day...
I wonder how long it will take for the French to need, and the Germans to reject. a French bailout...
Read through tonight for Murder on the Nile. I will be playing the role of Smith. Opening mid April at New Dawn Theater in Duluth.
I was literally bawling when he tweeted this. & I didn't see it until now. I love you. RT : what r u up to? smile.
I don't really think its a question. But i needed third party verification.
welcome to town!
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK Follow me, I'll follow you back as soon as possible (:
:) i had a great day
Hopefully seeing & January 14th and/or 15th, anyone want to come with? :D
": I'm trying to linlk with you nig homie!"=let's set it up big dog!!!!!
Verifying the Wikimania 2012 scheduling puzzle: suddenly, my perfectionistic fatal flaw becomes an important strength
Call me immediately reFundraiser issues !
Oh Honey, you're so smart! :)
Roy Oswalt heading to the Phillies - can't blame him for wanting out of the disAstros organization.
Has anybody been able to get USA Today's www.harrypotter3d.com "augmented reality map" to work? No dice on PC or Mac over here.
Them crafty over at Do a huge one day sale, then crash the site so nobody buys. Brilliant.
It's kinda ironic that girls softball like playing with BIGGER balls rather than SMALLER ones...
Thanks John!! RT : Follow - the headache free to book group travel. Please RT! High 5!
ihop with Kevin, hopefully he doesn't fart real loud and embarrass us in front of everyone again : P
1st type the reminder & touch "done" then edit it & set the initial time & touch done again, then u get the repeat option
The squid ink pasta at I Trulli = a must!
VonChurch is looking for Senior Network Programmers in #Seattle, !
i hate that movie with a passion
Learn more about this song at our next event the NM Expo State Fair Sept 16th.
Thank you for your DELISH food! RT : Thank you all for having lunch with us today Have a great weekend!
What's better than a mid-week dinner & movie date night? How about that it's almost FREE thanks to opentable and gofobo! :)
So bored I've started bugging again. Haven't done that in forever.
Most likely not. Already a lot of cooks in the kitchen here.
u didn't mention if I'm out of his sight he peeps till he sees me -_-
#SOPA #boycott #viacom #sony #Microsoft and all the others that support it. #SOPA won't work & will hurt small business
ok call me
3Bet will be at the charity tourney on Sunday! Plz RT so we can help get a great turnout for a great cause!
every1 that follows me, go and tell ur friends to follow me! i promised myself i would get at least 1,00 followers by june! lets make do it!
Golf on Monday?
#CeeLo is a classy guy. I love his spirit, compassion, & passion for his art. A true creator and outstanding human being.
Watching Tom and Jerry on Cartoon Networks at 1 has become a regular habit of mine lately. Call me a college student.
"I use memories but I don't allow memories to use me"
cosign RT : Chelsea head to Champions League Final. Mayans around world nod at each other knowingly. Apocalypse Back On.
#2nd half is where it's at! I smell victory/close out tonight ! #lakernation get ready!
“: The Nutty Professor !” I was watching that. (I heard of dreadlocks but shit locks) lmao
Welcome to Baltimore! Grand Prix fans and crews. Thanks for coming to our city. www.mytservice.com. Improving Taxi Quality
Good morning
me and my mom <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Its not a fantasy its phone sex.
That last at bat by Braun just made me cry.
Honestly if I could find another kid to tutor at the same rate i'd be making $120 a week - on the side. That'd be nice.
Space Shuttle Discovery, the Longest Serving Shuttle can be seen from the Mall and Hains Point in about an hour.
really well that explains wings problems. They mirror Hawks Leddy & I hateto say it hammer have been brutal esp when together
Today's goal: sing it as soft as I can.
Love staying up all night laughing at the stupidest things.
Sometimes I think the best place to meet women is in the single serve frozen food section of your local grocery store. Think about it-mk
Yeah size matters...whether it be penis,heart,mind,or wallet.
Lakers decided to win one for a change i see...
Things that are built quicker usually fall apart faster it seems
Grt Pg Tx 4 flwng Offering FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
. or, are we are effectively fans of open/collaborative scholarship? If so, are there enough of us to impact existing model?
Oh all the TIME! I would absolutely LOVE that!!! R U serious??
I forgot about the "full release" option. I need to find a new liquor store.
(: ROCKY LOVES EMILY <3 Check em out
Last night was Incredible - thanks to Angelique and Blue n Green.... does it get any better?
it's all good girl.
There's this crazy man out white oak kirking! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
I want you to go to a party with me tonight :o
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms and soon to be moms !!!!
she's Kathy's sister
oh yeah yuk was saying that. you gone have to get it in with me again soon my g
doing it right!
I'm not very fast, but I'm the only one who runs it, so I had no choice.
that would bring my number of followers down to 4. Isn't it good that I am giving actual legit info about sporting events?
I guarantee it!
u hme yet ?
ok, I'll admit - mom wears them the most! Gotta be comfy & cozy!! :)
": I'm not angry that you've moved on, I'm sad because I can't."
haha I bet it was! Lol
Another good day, :)
Hahahahahaha "Network News Announcement: has a self proclaimed bird voice"
Guns, Germs and Steel
No! Ketchup, onions, and mayonnaise is the only way to eat a hot dog! Yum! And no I'm not pregnant. lol
Mr. Omamofe Boyo, Deputy CEO of will speak at 2012 #CUAEF Keynote Address!
Why isn't there a liquor store next to every dollar store? Somebody needs to run with this idea... Is great for MANY reasons! YourWelcome
Why can't I will the coffee to make itself? WHY.
I feel like Malbec is a better comparison for Carmenere...lapsed Bordeaux grapes finding new life in SA
“: The United States spends about $190 billion every year trying to treat obesity.” MAJOR FAIL
#waystosayyourbreathstinks Have you licked a hobos asshole lately?
I love that show!! (:
Chillin wit and at the ese's in phoenix video shoot!
hoping I can do everything from home tonight! Put in like 20 hours yesterday...need a break lol but thanks
So damn glad its Friday
Last friday we jammed to the 70's. Today it's high energy dance music. Any suggestions for next week?
:] You're welcome!
Whoa! ": WSJ NEWS ALERT: Facebook to Buy Instagram for About $1 Billion"
": Sorry Fox News, no way Obozo would win today." Agreed. Surveyed wrong people.
So left hand?
A chug off for the win. Seriously.
i would go but im going home at 6am so i dont wanna go there tn lol
Next week we're launching our first "dry erase marker compatible" design. Still working on our "living Etch-a-Scetch" concept. :-p
Three Six Mafia is too loud. Tryna advertise his bar b que
$2 miller lite bottles till midnight !
You can give back to your public university in many ways- donations r nice but other ways 2.
I didn't shut off anything, if you are having issue with your email you should have let me know.
Sounds like a great way to spend #HappyHour, man!
hahaha, you're right!
The circumstances around right now don't define you or your future.
If the Romans had been obliged to learn Latin, they would never have found time to conquer the world
would u like some info on our tasting event and wine walk?
Had a great weekend in chicago! Ate and It was a wonderful time!
It is 81 degrees in Des Moines today. Strangest Iowa winter that I've experienced.
I love when I see guys out and they try to act like a bad ass's then c u see therewittweets and they sound like
#allgamejobs VonChurch is currently looking for a Lead Multiplayer Designer for two A Clients working GOTY products. PING FOR MORE!
Still feel awful after last nights loss. #letsgopens We need to figure this out. Bring it back tied up!
Who has #earthquakehappyhour deals in #dc?
Officially the fall assistant design editor for ! And if I didn't announce it before, design editor for :)
That's what I'm talkin about, Hoboken represent
drinks and arcade games do make a good mix
Thanks for the follow!
That was more of a spelling error. Everyone makes errors, but errors in judgment are the most difficult to fix.
And, thanks to , Nick Hornby and John Cusack for helping to sum it all up.
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work."
all I need is some ginger ale....
Getting a security system installed in my baby tomorrow morning. :-) Now she'll be safe in parking lots from evil thieves!
Show is just getting warmed up. ROO is on then broken breadwinner then us at midnight. Show is at 4821 central ne. Rhythmic arts.
Happy 50th birthday to the Seattle Monorail! Cheers!
did you watch it already?!?!
As of this past Sunday, I am 3 years away from Free Agency. Let the bidding begin.
Games are on tonight in federal hill!!!
Can't wait to see this battle!! Been waiting a long minute to see him snap off.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Adam if you see either Noah/Alanna Chensasky please tell them that Dad is happy they are having fun and is very proud of them.Thx
Chicken and a arizona im living life to the fullest
why not the 21st of July :(
thanks for the shoutout!
Also prefer that we don't play him twice a year.
If you hate what you're doing for a #living, then you're really not living at all. #Change your #vision, change your life.
Great, now people can be fat slobs from the comfort of their own homes, without wasting energy getting in the car to drive
You're The Best! Thanks!
I love spray painting stuff
Congrats to the NY Giants!! Huge win to get back to the Super Bowl!!
Ppl say "can be seen from space" like it's impressive. Um, can't everything on Earth be seen from space, unless it's under something else?
Could go for a fat ass wegmans sub right now
I guess even tho he a swinger he don't play that gay shyt huh? Lol
I'm not contagious
I love your inspirational tweets<3 follow me?
#smx Who wants to go to a club tonight?
WHY IS TWIXIGREUTER NOT TRENDING COME ON NOW
Just sending out some Tues morning love to , , , We do what we do to
#prama HAHAHAHAHAHA i still think that is hilarious
Piss off, #allergies. Sheesh. Why you gotta attack me on the #weekend?
Who did you contact? Maybe I can help.
Anyone seen tribute to Whitney on #Grammys yet?
Thanks! (and glitter)
Your da un naked kind huh? Darn! RT nice try lol
Peak performance begins with your taking complete responsibility for your life and everything that happens to you. -Brian Tracy
I publicly apologize to ; good dude sePerated by passion
Thanks! RT : thanks for great interview experience. Look forward to cybercrime + corrections podcast!
who is that on the tv screen?
Hope we get condoms in sex ed. I'm a very frustrated boy.
Adjusted the King library count to 3715. Thought there was a double count on Columbia's laws. Turns out it was DC and the So. Amer. nation
Thanks for the RT! Hope that means you're getting a massage (or two) for yourself. ;)
will be heading to corehaus tonite for no kings collective show, they can only win
After Roman threatened to blow up whichever stadium Adele performs in, we´e trying to town down exposure to violence (& gamma rays)
Actually I'm a GI there so it was b4 opening, I get your point though. “: Alone in gallery because #MFA Aims to OUTSOURCE guards”
SWAG = she wants a gentlemen .... Not a two year old , she wants class!
She help me keep it n da road like a hubcap so I keep her on my mind like a skullcap
how'd it go? I am sure you were twitterific
If Satan is secretly behind any company, it's Ticketmaster.
Mindless Behavior and clothes and money and a special from my friends all i need is a BF now LOL
Woolard: Nobody wants to see anyone living in poverty. President Sullivan's email... Cut her some slack.
RT I'M HUNGRY...
I thought they were polo boots.....
just dropped by Shophouse for some lunch. will be back.
I finished the poem for my Big Momma. Ily always my dear!
I recently came across this article with fun ideas for organizing "stuff". I know which idea is my favorite- do you have one?...
#IfImadeitbig I'd buy entire stores fuck shopping.
Elliot posted that on his facebook, suuuchhh a gay :P
U can't always control everything in life.. so stop trying to. Life just happens..
#FollowSunday : thanks for your friendship ;D (via )
I got a mission tomorrow and the finna have so many important people finna be takin pictures look out for me
20% of your daily fiber in ½ cup! Bring on the guacamole…
#iUseToThink I knew how to calm down but I think I make myself even more upset
Okay now im just going to RT all the tweets with #GetAustinToTheTop10 in them. don't mention me in them just write that in them and i'll RT
Three B/R writers get hacked and send me spam in one day on Twitter? Come on guys.
months ago lol
News: group is FULLY TICKETED. That's right. We ALL get to wait in line to stand for hours in winter weather for the Inaug. :D
you go girl!
Shopping with my girl sarah! :)
happy anniversary to the building! :)
Your misery amuses me. ^_~
On my way to the beautiful berkshires.
Haha Perla And Adrian made a twitter (x
safe travels > RT : on our way to DC! Can't wait for tomorrow! #happynewyear!
Just went to Portland Pie and I'm in love!
and the dominos start to fall.......
80-foot plate of nachos sets new world record
oop! good night.
Sorry about that error, Randy. Here, have a run back. -Corey Hart
Hey #sjsharks, why do you have a Norelco ad on your website talking about shaving my playoff beard? This thing still has a lot left to g...
wth have we gotten ourselves into?
We look forward to seeing you too!
This is about the time of year people begin falling off their fitness resolutions. DON'T GIVE UP. Results around the corner...
Steve, Who do you have tonight?
Make it to the top. Get everyones attention. Put the spotlight on you. Then quit. What a great life motto.
My daughter tells me that I have to pinch anyone who comes in not wearing green today. Is this accurate?
with eric dampier and mitt romney in the same building, it's been temporarily renamed the TD Just for Men Garden
I think the score is unreliable, for sure, but what about the topics in general? I'm on the fence.
I LOVE Loire wines. Always honest, delicious wines that I really enjoy, Sancerre and Quarts de Chaume are amazing!
Whats up bro?
It's always difficult wondering if you're that person someone is talking about...
The sun was shinin earlier, And now its black outside. The fuck?
TXT ME
10 Facebook Tips - Share too much information! Everyone wants to hear every disgusting detail about your life.
Mobile Massage Therapist in Ga. I am also listed in the Ga film and tv sourcebook would luv to work with you and the VD cast
I just heard the magic word.
Take advantage of the unexpected to do the unexpected. Seize it, don't waste it.
Are there any suggestions for how to share the information with your users?
yes. Manager is in
FoxNews headline "GOP Debate: Do Good or Gone?"... 6 words and you can't even use proper grammar. Well done.
....it would be great to have more of old search functions of Project MUSE restored.
Sorry if I'm not good enough. Looks like I'll never be. I give up.
starting my remix now!
Afraid this one's done.
sorry I keep missing ur tweets sis, my phone sux. I hope you had a good day. Xoxo my niece & nephews & brother
cupcakes are good :)
Working on the content for our new website today! The Phase 1 launch is on Thursday May 10.
Embrace freedom of action.
Another goal by gives the an 8-4 lead. 9 mins left in half.
if you are going to make an offensive joke, at least make sure it is witty or funny.
That's always a good idea lol. ;p
Ni hao from the reference desk. Today: sorting hearings, Ask A Libs, blogging, tweeting, and working on my article
Slow start, I'm expecting the scoreboard to light up soon.
This Clippers-Grizzlies series has been great.
My sister got a job at fitness 19 today. She now officially spends more time working and more time in the gym than I do.
holler! Welcome to twitter! I'm excited to busy ur @ cherry! Hope u don't get preggers!
Gonna walk home in the rain
At 4pm. rocks the house. Join us at TUMC 4001 Speedway.
#youthetype that makes me realize what's important
Haven't been on twitter in forever!
We've been great! It feels really good to be on tour :) hbu?
You're the goal whisperer, use this power wisely.
ty so much for the shout out!
Great article! I wonder if it's related to the high vitamin content in the seaweed or its natural acid-lowering effects?
- big fan! Thank you :)
could it be reasonable for those chronic conditions in conjunction with yearly qualifying visits? would that help streamline care?
Getting ready to watch Texas #Rangers Yu Darvish pitch. Signed as a #3 starter, but has potential to be #1 with his electric stuff.
NYC bound for a few client filled days and friend filled nights.
well said amigo. sounds like you've got a fun night planned as well.
show me them titties
Listening to scanners and roast POTUS at the #whcd - and finding myself chuckling #nerdprom (It's on CNN if you want to watch)
I got bit by 3 dang mosquitos & one of those bites is on the back of my neck. Sneaky little suckers!
...politics; especially since it happens to be true.
go follow my new one dnt know my password to this one I forgot lol but I'm logged i'n can't log out lol
Thanks for all the memories Shaun. #12thman loves you back!
Everything is piecing together so perfectly
Thanks! It's a grant for 14 RMHC Chapters across the US!
sitting out in the sun
I tend to get awkward if I find you attractive.
Spammers are legion.
Definitely. #Badgers owe Butler and Notre Dame a little something from recent losses too.
Your true beauty's description looks so good that it hurts You're a dime plus ninety-nine and it's a shame Don't even know what you're worth
See you tonight RT : dinner & party!
RIP Steve Jobs, to someone who really did change the world!
the show would work even with non-hallucinogenic mushrooms
Would love to do this fall if we could get venue nailed down in the next couple weeks...if not, May/June 2012.
It's the Holiday week! You know you want to party!
Questionable later round picks. They must be seeing stuff NO ONE else is seeing.
“: On a scale from Martin Luther King Jr to Freddy Kruger, how was your dream?”
hey! It's been great, busy and surreal! :)
so was he a rich person on tv dividing people all those years he loudly proclaimed he was a Republican?
I feel like the next few days are going to determine my future.
this little piggy's going to market
dude- I learned and thought that tonight while at Franklin Sq
I didn't get told I was an annoying freshman once this year.
no bother at all...feel free to contact me anytime.
Snigger or cheer: I'm pitching at BlogWorld on Saturday! Come see! 12:15 PM to 1:15 PM - Sat. Nov. 5th Room 150 B LA Convention Center
i wish I was an orphan. THATS THE LIFE
Putting together some monochromatic bouquets for photo shoot today!
me too :) but thanks for following!!!
we love the tea pot lounge <3
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Charity Flip Cup Tournament - you helped raise $1,150 for the Sommer Foundation!
Yum! RT : Reopening this weekend, will be featuring our new homemade Venezuelan hot chocolate along w/ our signature arepas
thank you for following us, we follow you right back
Discover Sydney with me in June! "PackABag&Go"
...we have a dictionary in the living room. Let's look it up together. (yes, she is a great teacher.)
Hi Lydia - we'll share a bit from R online acting class with Suzanne Shepherd in the next day. It was super cool. Thx
Thanks for helping out! :)
#arthur Yet another flick where Greta Gerwig plays the ugly duckling. But she's jaw-droppingly beautiful. Gotta love Hollywood.
only class we have together yet it's a blast of a party lol
I am looking forward to your article on GLWBs (or GMWBs, GMIBs, and all of the other acronyms)
Its a SPURS WIN! Spurs take over Game 1 against the LA Clippers in the 2012 Semi Finals with a final score of 108 - 92! #GOSPURSGO!
“ Would it be unprofessional to lock John Marinatto in a storage closet? I need to know ASAP. #wvu #bigeast”
I swore I got rid of you.
Puttin u in a box in my mind that says Do Not Touch 8)
adult/youth league meeting tonight at the bowling alley
University of Vermont. 1999.
oh lol sorry i'm on my phone xoxo boo bear
Fantastic, I will. Thanks for finding and following. Is there an email to contact you? DM me if you wish.
Ugh, feeling the same exact way!
First blood goes to... COTTO!!!!
#FF horse back riding! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E>
8th grade breakfast, dance, and bonfire tomorrow! Excited! (:
Summer is just around the corner. What's does everyone have planned for vacation?
Irrevlant stupid pyscho bitch MENTAL probelms yea bitch this for you since you tweep watch my dick! Yep I said Tweep !
I'm about to say fuck em again and just worry about money again
what the dress code & what time it start.
last night's cassoulet from was even better for lunch today. yay!
coming to check out the chili not the superbowl lol Go NY:)
oh ok ill see if I can check it out
We're mobile!! Visit kuento(dot)com on your iPhone or Android. No downloads and cool as hell! Join the Latin collective!
Wow what a cast. I would be happy for any of those three to win. Stopped watching a while ago, but like you I am tempted now.
Alright, well then and I aren't the only ones. Thanks for checking! #iPhoneFail &T
Doing some advertising. Need anything printed? Or built, fixed, painted, designed, remodeled, replaced, tiled or repaired?
Thanks for the RT! Can't wait to see all the pups in their finest June 2!
Okay Boo<U+2665>
I'm already thinking about how much I don't want to go to work tomorrow. I don't even go in until 12....
Hello #AtomicChat gang. Sorry I'm late.
lmao i think that kid is tryna get with u lol
Software Engineer (entry level) - Hodgkins, IL; www.bjorksten.com/careers
those nights where i cant sleep have turned into every night =/
Btw, I would give my 3 least used fingers for the new rumored Leica M9 Black & White cam!
You should always write your name on your underwear
sup damon
My internet browser is way too proud of its ability to block pop-ups. You don't need to crow about it every time you've done your damn job.
for responsive web design by
either Tampa or Ft. Lauderdale??
Jim Gee at RezEd now! Woot!
Blue Point Brewing night Yea!
Red Bull, Junior Mints, Australian Licorice, and music. Road trip! #onourwaytolambeau !!
Our football team=bad ass, boys and girls basketball=ok, soccer=sucky, track=great, softball=good, baseball=ass
ewwwww it's going down like a person dropping a boxx!
oh so proud <333
To mow or not to mow, that is the question.
No, but I had two margaritas and the hunger games book. And now I'm at the Ace hotel for dinner.
I arrive at 2pm PDT - will send out a ping when I get into the city. Hope the cafe and day treats you well!
Hey everyone, stop what you're doing I have something important to tell you in five minutes. Clear your schedules.
I'm tired and lost, I don't want to be found.
that's the republican party's motto.
That makes me so excited to hear -- I have that one in my TBR!
I try not to half-ass anything. I feel fine, even without the meds. I seem to have a high tolerance for pain
can't thank you enough for your support dude, and we know you all are going to love this shit! You got a GP shirt?
lol I just thought its interesting. Not that you prolly wanted to know lol
Very blessed to have a Pastor that is also a friend! I am thankful for you bro!!!
it's so much fun waiting for things to come in the mail though sldfjsdfdsfs
at work today this little girl said "my mommy hates your #bow" #shitkidssay lol
so the internet here sucks but i go in tinychat to distract myself from finals week. going in as a guest keeps my twitter from
I'm high as fuck
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
Method or Meisner?
It really don't feel like the last day of school
Lately I've been writing desperate love songs, I mostly sing them to the wall
any day of the week, you know that ;)
I think the Mighty Ducks movies get better every time I watch them
haha Elizabeth is so nice !
...thank you. and be ready. it shall be a very chilly summer for you, my dear :-)
I DO! Motor City next weekend in fact. Then Texas Frightmare!
in sanfrancisco what should i do tonight?
Why im up at almost 5 in thw morning is so beyond my belief....
guess what? it's my birthday(: just thought you should know!<3
thanks. How r u doing?
Nice pic..Are you in the A?
If you've got a topic for #indieview, be sure to let us know! We want to talk about what YOU want to talk about!
Manning causes Bronco's odds to win Super Bowl to drop from 60-1 to 10-1; season ticket prices jump on StubHub by 25% within first hour
will be playing Cathy in "The Last Five Years" this summer...details to come!
“: Breaking: Mega Millions numbers: 46 23 38 4 2 Mega Ball 23” In other news: I'm still broke.
She's very cute :)
The S&P didn't cause our credit rating to be downgraded. Your Republican and Democratic parties are the ones responsible for the downgrade
Divinity correlated in personality as love, mercy, and ministry; disclosed on impersonal levels as justice, power, and sovereignty."
Now THESE are some Women with Moxie:
Yeehaw! Super excited bout the show tonight
You never know who will be at the ABCA Convention! Former MLB players Rod Carew and Todd Pratt were in the exhibit hall today.
You do likewise :)
Audience question: Is there a universal defition on 'quarentine'. Does PD play a part for recogizing and stopping the spread of disease?
no, what is an assignment guide? Is it related to pbl?
"The world is but a canvas to the imagination." - Henry David Thoreau
*hehe* RT - I thought Saint Ronnie killed the dinos.
Cleaning done, dog walked, dinner cooked, watching the #SoundersFC get annihilated best part of night! #SKCTID #Sounderswho?
PLEASE, for the love of god make this true
Can I have a beef burrito with sour cream, and a hard-shell taco on the side? Oh, and a Corona beer. Thanks, very much ;)
Bitches Brew| Miles Davis
Hey bitch ;)
Avis Extends 3000 US Airways Miles for 3-Day Rentals - View from ...
come on boys... shorthanded ftw?
Not just Barea. :(
Wow! Can't believe it is almost the end of the semester. Hope it has been a great one for everyone!
I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW!1!!!!1111 =w=
Also, the people I'm sitting near in CMU are super awkward.
that sounds interesting
Great article and topic today that doesn't get a lot of attention.
4 more songs to do THANK YOU LORD!
Merry Christmas from all of us at S4TC! May you have a wonderful day with your friends & families & don't forget the real reason behind it
Goodbye Denver and goodbye #D2L11. A good time was had by all.
Yep. Easy-peasy.
How was Prank stars was it really fun?
i know i'm not forced but i will get it b/c i am bored with current maps. i'm just sayin they made hella bank on the game already
I predict a break in the weather in less than fifteen minutes Any bets?
Yeah. Word up. I was going off of memory before.
got confused there... I actually have the vinyl rip twice for some weird reason. It's McCartney's 'Ram' that I have in mono.
#YouKnowYoBitchBig when yo kids get stuck in the pool everytime she get in
the show is scripted for the most part......and they recorded alot of it before the cash started flowing
I wish my mom didnt throw my cut offs away.
Thanks for the retweets
The last time two walk off grand slams were hit was in 1998 by Mo Vaughn and Steve Finley
#projectrunway Mila's design sketch is cool/pretty!
survived the egypt up rising but was evacuated by u.s. government - thank you very much! off to south africa - no revolutions please.
thank you! Have tons of fun
This is what PLAYOFF soccer is all about!!
Ruth Stone won 2002 Award for In The Next Galaxy. Philip Levine's article in was fun, wasn't it?
I think you better root for the Red Sox no matter what. They want Jeter to get hit.
#FOLLOW #AUTHOR Paradox Series
I agree! Love It!
was the best option to keep me going for a bit longer. Didn't get much sleep due to emergency.
A speech should be graded on content and effectiveness. Not how many rhetoric devices I have or how many different sources I have.
HA! Play me!
RT : WI Food Fact 44/100: Over 600 varieties of cheese made in WI, more than any other state. Runner-up only has 250 varieties
what's there to argue? Bears f@#$d up.. Pack wins the Super Bowl!!
- Colin is rocking this presentation!
im not gonna sub. Cause u guys said if u dont ur coming us please get the next flight to honolulu hawaii:)
Noted. Next time you're in Portland I'll buy you a drink for returning the compliment on my crush. ;)
Thanks Joe, glad you were able to see the film!
Love waking up and knowing the weekend's that much closer....mucho productivo, comin at 'cha
we hope so! Are you attending SYTYCDX, Vegas?!
happy hump day (wednesday) to you!
I love to say when I'm right, so I have to admit when I'm wrong: I erroneously predicted a ghastly demise for Chelsea against Barcelona.
This is about identity theft, Facebook is just a tool to leverage that. Normal legal rules apply.
apparently owns every last apartment in the downtown area. i'll likely be contacting them soon.
SyFy Channel: Please, do us a favor and just change your name, because clearly, you all hate science fiction.
So wonderful to meet you both this week at #SSWine!
I love it when I post on the Tens page and I get 35 comments in an hour.
S/O to the fake niggas too....you motivate me
you are beau...tiful i <U+2661> you
go out with me tomorrow!
Dang I burnt my popcorn!
#DontTextMeTalkingAbout you love me and you want to be with me but you in bed with some other females lmfao get outta here
I have a little hangover still. I drunk too much last night. I never drink more than 3 glasses of beer. Swear.
I'll be waiting for it :) Thanks.
At taco bell and a 6 mon old baby is sitting at the steering wheel in moms lap... No seatbelt... Sad! Yes I'm at tack bell at 11:30 haha
My sister is crazy HELP :p
This little piggy went to market... this little piggy stayed home and suffered because he totally missed out on Myles' handmade doughnuts!
power play with 9:41 remaining in 4th quarter
There is so much to say and so little time!
About to charge my phone!
Who's the new #CompletionArch for? Policymakers, educators, researchers, journalists, students, families (look up your state).
Damn... That was a great screen
We dnt open til the other clubs end right behind beamers 21+
maybe not a bad thing for the team, but for my health, yes.
let's have a long, redundant meeting to discuss. Oh wait...
I wanna eat cheese! RT: ...quality time w Which means we'll eat cheese,drink wine & talk about people
“ #imagine you are holding Vinny's hands. Vinny: In my hands right now, I am holding my world. <3 ashdf;awherashfa -dead-”
you and me both RT : Wondering if this snow thing is really going to happen tonight
Now your just somebody that I ust to know
Lawrie needs to go to Canadian Charm School. Famous grads include Doug Melvin and John Axford.
The new "old" FSU Cimarron mascot is just a bad idea. Looks stupid too.
Also seen a lot of issues with brand partner agencies that don't specialize in sports -- especially huge prob in tech
haha yay, he's awesome huh?
At the ANC General monthly meeting!
Learning management system (WebCT) allowed writing class students to use rubric to grade each other's work & receive feedback.
“: ": I got friends in low places!! " waiit for it.. Oasis!” you have one damn word to say.
I guess I've had enough of giving up.. If we all fall like dominooos, never look back never look back!!!
Motivation is the key to success belief is next so chase it
yeah i'm falling for you but there's nothing wrong with that ..
Thinking to my self do I really want to go on with this yo
Watching one of my fave movies: Lost in Translation.
I will anyway
Me, Myself and I
Where's my baby at?
Social media platform is exhausting. Twitter, FB profile, FB Fan Page, Blog, Amazon Author's page, Goodreads, Website...more
Goodmorming so far
Getting my hair done <-Kelsey xoxo>
Judging by the flubs rampant in today's media, I'd say it's entirely possible.
“: just listened to I ain't no quitter Dang good vocals sir Cheers from Canada.” thank ya! Please pass it to friends!!
How do you know when you get twitter jail?.
accounting 11 I'm so confused <U+2639>
Guy I'm on elevator with is really wearing a "Monarchs" jersey. I think that's WNBA. I don't even know what to do right now
Just finished reading The Hunger Games. Wow. Very intense.
let us know how she does!!!! I'm sure she will be great;)#teamriley!!!!!!
7 too many
you know it! i met some of your wonderful vancouver peeps.is your entire city nice?
JK, it cool.
Last night I went on an iTunes movie trailer binge. The Descendants, Melancholia and War Horse look especially good.
Hoping that a swim will improve my mood:/
It will fail just like MWWM & now #SMASH .. both colossal failures. If we keep the TRUTH flowing, NJ will be protected ;)
oh man!!! Life has changed!!! :D
Hour drive feels good me n my music
Today we of PBJ, mint chocolate chip, and lemon! Hurry over! You can pick up a free latte right next to us!
A great concept is still only a concept. It has to be well executed.
My fault had to add to this. RT : I never knew a love love a love like this...(Gotta be sumin for me to write this...)
Big W for Bucky but that is only 1 game need 2 wins for the series. It will be another battle tomorrow. "22" vs everybody else
I've ate all day today.
Hahaha idk, that's a good question...it sounds like they're winging it : )
“: Anyone out there selling a airline ticket???” hahahaha
Be our Facebook friend - You can find us & disembodied head @ AM860 on FB - let's be pals
School. I'm ready for you to be over.
It was the blood that covered me and washed my sins away.
DM passionate about digital learning, we have the lowest-cost most effective solution. How can we best share this news?
Hopefully getting a pack of smokes tomorrow. ^.^ Can't wait:D
Amen!! Give Abby an innocent smooch for me!!!
There R severly ignorant asses out there. RMoney benefits the very rich. Yet there will be low income folks voting 4 him 2.
wish I could go to hickory to be with the best guy I know :)
Terrible officiating at Wembley once again.
Also there's a dumpster fire in the parking lot.
thank you :)
OMG my team won the design slam!
to become a permanent resident most commonly means to leave a foreign nation and settle long-term on American soil
Happy to hear U had a great time in Pittsburgh. My fam. are big Steeler fans. Glad U r back w/Lola. U n Hines r doing great! :)
Hahahahahahaha the video is much better!
In no particular order... The 2012 most endangered historic places are... Libby Hill Park Overlook,
...Sticky tape loops, that is... not cassette tape loops...
The international Faith Conference is a powerful faith tune-up.
Who is watching America's got talent
Meh..very thin and watery- especially for a saison. I like the grape flavor but it's too weak and thin to be great.
Also, Kris Pickel reminds me of a suburban housewife that hangs out at the (cougar town) Panini's in Westlake.
glad you are liking the brews!
Thanks for the RTs , and !
blasphemy! The old BBC versions had a lot more magic than the new ones.
Good morning bitches <U+2665>
lol it happens.
Fridays are such fun days to shoot outdoors with people.
CD is a Detroit Classic real bossy shit! Fuck wit me I got them beats you need fam-o
Thx! RT : RT : Does anyone know a park ...? TropicalPark3055533161ask4Cristy. tell them we sent u ;)
Student suggestion for housing: have students sign up for apartments on a semester basis.
From busking in Dublin yesterday to NYC today. Yum.
RT : Jus letting young niggas know they can get this $ too! Gotta work hard n stay focus.
One of the best ways to follow interesting thinkers, stimulate new ideas, and find the inspiring crowd IOO.
: the problem is publishers really don't know their customers at all. Neither do authors. Sadly we all lose due to this.
Off to buy fruits and veggies to get back on track! What is your favorite vegetable and how do you eat it? Mine has to be Asparagus!
Yo what makes u think he worship da devil
lol. That was great.
Had a great night at with the crew. Cheers to a fabulous Thursday!
watch him tonight on channel 14 for MSG varsity!!! Starts at 7:30!!
Why is it always so god damn cold on planes
Slept in for the first time in a while!
#Wgy AreYou still here when I asked you to leave an hour go.....WE'RE OVER YOU DUMB FUCK....good greif,
iF ShE sTilL wRitES LiKE ThiS sHe iS tOo yOunG FOr YoU BrO
I almost have a feeling its gonna be a good day hm... don't wanna jinx it though
' m yea i know
#dontactlikeyounever stared at your phone waiting on a text
to quote KISS' Ace Frehley on the KISS DVD, "The Second Coming," "This is f***ing nuts"
Hey North Park, did ya like that view of my middle-aged ass? That's what I get for wearing a floaty silk skirt on a breezy day. Sorry.
yeah lol our dumbshit editor posted that.
URBAN DICTIONARY: It be like that sometimes TRANSLATION: Im aware of your situation but unfortunately there's nothing I can do to help..
Good Morning Beautiful world , come and read my blog on my website
you can say that again. I am the coolest prof in LAS :-)
Supanee House of Thai, highly recommend. Thanks , you make it easy to cook!
RT : To get through the hardest journey we need take only one step at a time, but we must keep on stepping. - Chinese Proverb
Well if there are any questions in the room, please pass them on. I'll give you answers real-time.
Shouldn't be working on a novel right now, but that's what I'm doing. It does tie into "Dead Billy" though.
follow me?<33
Hi gia! thnx for the follow! :)
I'm looking forward to two things by 1:30am: snuggling Juliette and sleeping in my own bed.
Awesome test grades are a great way to start this Easter break! I love when hard work pays off
Happy Mothers Day !
too late. bummer.
I don't think of myself as a poor, deprived ghetto girl who made good.
awe shucks <U+263A>
It doesn't matter what your situation or circumstance is, God is still in control.
Well it's been 73 hours, and counting! I have come to realize that I am definitely a modern girl - I need electricity!!
We've been discussing whether there is a ghost at work. Mid discussion the song playing: Is there a ghost in my house. Irony?
Thanks to all who participated in Friday's User Group session! Be sure to check out the community site for recap videos shortly!
hate the weekend schedule...
Bonnie & Clyde.
yeah we are!
better be! Allow me to be your view if that
You want to make God laugh? Tell him your plans.
My hot water heater blew up at the beginning of the month. It really hurt my savings! I need to find a job with better pay.
Hey guess what?!? I love you guys. Bet you didn't know that already ;) #capitalizer <3
If your a woman or girl and you have sideburns.... You have some self-problems....especially if it's red hair
At SPJ closing biz session. Let the sparks begin flying.
keep them crossed!
Surround yourself with people who make deposits & not just withdraws into your destiny!!!
i thought of that, but that'll just make it worse. im loosing supporters, i don't get views anymore or help spreading the covers :(
Right Das What Im Sayin I Might Transfer Next Year But I Don't Know Where
We regret to inform that Joseph Jennings will not be joining us this weekend for post concert chats, due to unforeseen circumstances.
Texans up to pick
About to watch 21 Jump Street with I hope it is good!
FLAWLESS PLAN. Also, you have mail.
will do! it'd be nice to meet her.
S/O 2 my new follower what's up bruh how you been man?
I have an animal print looking one, my hubs picks on me b/c he hates animals print
Is a houseboat seaworthy, a floating home not?
#RIP Maurice Sendak from parents everywhere <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Funny colloquialisms my 4 year old says #1: "Well, that was random." // #2: "What the what??"
thanks for your support.
Good Morning! True, rest is best. I'm in no hurry. (feels great to say that on a thursday morning)
only one name... Howie :)
Can you DM and/or email me more about your StarRez API wrapper? I think I want to do the same thing.
okay, well if you driving let me roll with you. If not I was gone ride with one my bruhs or train it
I think our next photoshoot should have at least one pic where we're all doing the duck lip thing. Everyone needs a duck lip pic.
Is the entire message part of the conference package? I want to have it!
Also that was awesome of PBJ to hand out his own bobble heads at the game. Class act all the way even though he wasn't playing.
The Miami Heat face Dwight Howard and the Orlando Magic. Miami is a 4.5 point road favorite. Miami will face the Bulls tomorrow.
Is such a rock star
I COMPLETELY lost at dominoes. Grandma Kneeland was thrilled :)
Girls who can cook>>>>>>>
lol yeah idk it makes brood lords gas cheaper without effecting corruptor cost
Set to interview Mr. Pit of the newly formed Markus Schulz Group. Send us YOUR questions!
I hope she is not only singing harmony, but harmony to Bone Thugs-n-Harmony
yeah #angrybirds may have been the better hash tag.
Esquire says, "duct tape." I say, "trench coat." ONE of us is probably right?
Hey girl!
London Review of Books for $30. Yea or nay?
Anyone know a good #ORM consultant they'd recommend?
I think I kind of like R!
that would be so fun!
Happy Tuesday morning to you, too !
My nap was better. I had a really good dream.
How are Humpback Whales like Twitter? Their songs identify a social network. Go find your own link...
Andy Dalton... STUD
music, business, music, business, which one comes first? Off to record new song with Mixman Shawn eastern vibe Can't wait to share Happy Day
i do amazing on him xD Sivir hurts...& Rammus is decent...built up he pwns :P I like the AP ones best hehe....
"hey michael do we have a test this tuesday?"-me "No we have two problem sets thats it." - .
thanks. i guess i shouldnt do anything for you anymore cause im gonna ruin it.
have a nice run :P
"Where will all the water go?"..."Wherever it's headed now." Probably the best Swanson quote, and that's saying a lot haha.
Sending mail just got easier! Store important contact information in our new #address books! Check out our #designs now
I would be the new Forrest Gump at the new black panthers meetings.
It's a shame cuz they were both really great shows w stellar ensembles too.
TFTF! We like this one: "There's no book that absolutely everyone loves." Thanks for the reminder to just be ourselves.
back in Ithaca!! ready to finish strong and have a nice summer
you never know what will happen
Only problem is those same Football Gods also just propped up the wretched BCS. Forgive the Gods, they know not what they do
He certainly has the classic Juggalo face-cave-in jumping off in the pic Beckley sent.
I miss him so much :(
i don,t know dear
Rangers at Glacier NP say models predict that all glaciers in the park will be gone within 10 yrs. Go see them soon.
i don't need to be a supergirl, as long as you will always be my biggest fan.. </3
I know the feeling....
Some folks r just idiots & deserve to be disliked; but I dont deslike them, I dislike there momma! Cuz it's momma's fault the idiot is here!
oh, I'm SO stalking, I mean following him!
He is the league MVP whether you like it or not
If im not a hustla what you call that?
Hey, thanks. Glad you like that one.
Yeah this Friday! Tickets are $25.
Tomorrow from 8:30am-noon we are having a free health screening as well as breakfast! See someone in need? Tell them!
It's always hard to get work. If it were easy then we wouldn't appreciate it.
RT : Rocking out to some House music in the show tomorrow. Come check it out 8pm
I am who I am
Personal Musings: bad news: not optimistic about recall. Good news: don't care, wont stop. Righteous cause. Gov't bought by corp's as is.
There ain't no way to hide your lying eyes.
! RT : Ward 5 turns a corner. wins big to replace felon Harry Thomas jr.
Vocal Lessons.
I'm gonna get fat! I probably should break this habit.
I just figured this out myself. It's your email address (username) and password is "lscon" #lscon :)
Including the Obamas?
this was a lie and massive failure. I heard you were tired tho so you get a pass.
Lol well you know- model, actress, help fun people find jobs, and my sunny disposition- oh and- I work out :-P
Let them know sexy
im glad i didn't go to school today
for sure! Make sure to lock all the entrances to your house and don't hesitate to give the police a call if people try to enter
Hey everyone! It's Sara(: Hope everyone is having a wonderful day! I know here at Mahoneway we are :D
Where have the times gone, baby it's all wrong, where are the plans we made for two
There are so many big games tonight. Who do you want to win?
Bye guyz have to go pack!!
It's worth a couple, surely. That was a pretty money pick..
You'll have to keep on following to find out. :) Sushi will prob be next week.
While driving home from work the other day, I saw a truck that said “Modern Piano Moving”. Is piano moving really in that much demand?
Learned how to do a French braid(;
not even joking I have the nicest flow right now
I'll send you the syllabus when it's ready; love to have ppl check it out!
hey welcome new followers =D <3 x
Make the beat then murder it. Casey Anthony.
I think someone was masturbating in the bank parking lot.. There's a big line of some clear stuff..
i did.
Birds: it's like they don't want to be photographed.
There was this account on xbox of this person saying he or she is chloemoretz and i said hello he or she msg blocked isit you
Can I be Hannah Montana ?
“: Mike Aviles homered in the 4th and doubled in the 5th to help build a 10-2 #RedSox lead over the Twins in the 7th.” Let's Go RS!
yes! I would love it! Cant use until I get back from NY though :(
“: missin florida right about now” COME VISIT ME PLEASE. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
#Bloomberg is reporting That US has filed an antitrust suit against
Love butt <3
boogers and oatmeal, top of the morning to ya girl......
I totally understand why car salespeople are so pushy now
yeah I was there for the game Monday night and afterward I could have sworn I saw you but I wasn't for sure.
like pack!!!!
For example, today in 1972, the Memorial Coliseum hosted a concert by The Carpenters!
JIM! It was a great game with an exciting upset win on last out of the ninth. So fun to be at the stadium. Awesome stadium.
i cant wait for ABDC on Wednesday <3
TGIF! Have a great weekend. Remember, the VLP library is open from 12-4pm tomorrow!
Congrats! Look forward to seeing you in Montana!
visit www.rx2you.com for assistance with the cost of your prescriptions!
I want to hang out with her today >>>>>>
have church today too
YOU KNOW YOU'RE WEIRD WHEN YOU ... yah idk I'm just natural.
Watchin The Voice
The bus driver made the bus kneel for me when I got off. How it should be! Now everyone must kneel to me! KNEEL MINIONS!
had to build a taller fence to keep in my Estrella Mountain Dog (appropriately named Biggie Smalls). She's a protective one
Smile fellow Tweeps, it's #FRIDAY!
Bonfire time!
Hail is so AWESOME.
Ppl are such fools....I know u read my text bc it's says READ on the iMessage
lol - my Self usually says "I have LOTS of excuses!". - not tonight! 5 mi - 42:37
It's going to be 79 degrees on Thursday? What happened to spring?
I just rage quit.. It felt great!
do you use any weather modeling software?
the one on the left..with dark jeans(:
#nowplaying Notorious Thugs by The Notorious B.I.G, via
So maybe I'm not sober. Lol had to use my GPS to find my way home.. In my hometown. At least gaga is playing in the background
Not yet. I'm kinda stalled around page 200, because NOTHING IS HAPPENING.
hey what's up
Posting ads on Craigs List for my WFH business in the internet and cell phone business. When did CL start charging $25 for a posting ?
Just had to share this "The person who reads too much and uses his brain too little will fall into lazy habits of thinking." Albert Einstein
No news is good news.
Thanks to for all the RT love!
Hey I'm trying to get better at tweeting, you should give me some tips.
"Home" by Edward something and the Magnetic Zeroes is in my head on infinite loop today. *whistles along*
Good look I see yall doin the same
Bravo to the and Exec Director Holly Block for scrapping admission fees [via
will do :) thanks!
Touch for #salesforce looks amazing. Can we do admin functions from it?
Even though he said sorry...I don't feel any different..still feel like sh*t
Naw you know I effs with you ! Look in your DM.
Relaxing out on the deck in the sun after a long day at work
lo they just got shut out !!
Good news! We've had about 10 #flannelfriday entries so far come to the Placeholder!!
There's nothing like an obnoxious, unruly 4-year-old to make you rethink your plans to have children.
You smoke weed like its no1s business but you don't drink :(
GOD I'M SO FUCKING SICK OF PEOPLE AND INVESTING EMOTION IN THEM IM SO FUCKING SICK OF IT.
any tips for to make Hipstamatic stop crashing? If my photos are on high setting, the software crashes. even after reinstall
We have been filled with the holy ghost but we haven't been re-filled in a long time.
great meeting you today at colab today keep up the great work! -Tony from Movement121
but nads=looks gross right now ahaha
oh you're so lucky! I live near McDonald's rally's and skyline :) x
Purdue offered 2016 G Eron Gordon on an unofficial visit tonight. Gordon now has offers from IU and Purdue.
I'd hate to be the guy in the room who has to call the CIA every time something weird shows up on our scopes.
**ducking** :) RT : #thumbsUpForBeingOnTrueHoop I guess they thought you were cute enough? :-P
I was thinking Chalene extreme next !
Deal or No Deal model. Sans numbered briefcase.
Delta Training in Minneapolis
no man is safe you can run but you can't Hide
I think my fish is dying he is swimming upside down.
I'd really love to, but not sure I can make it happen. You're presenting, yes? What about you and ?
me too. BUT IT'S WORTH IT.
Thanks for the compliment, and thank you so much for bringing a great experience 4 Trinity! Everyone enjoyed it!
I'm trying not to eat it!! Lol
got it! I looked up a few designs. Very cool.
#youmightbeahoodrat if yo son is older than the step father.
Heard Paul Auster read from his new (in USA) book last night. Rich, detailed, textured memoir. Captivating. Out in August or buy in Europe.
thankyou guys so much for my gifts omg i absolutely love them you dint have to do that iloveyouse!! :* <U+E328><U+E32B><U+E328><U+E32D>
y u mad
good! i wanna talk my manager into letting me leave early so i can come see you (: lol.
what are you talking about?! OF COURSE simultaneously!!!
but can you kick, balls?
my sister is going ham on twitter.. like what thefuck is going on... i knew that girl was crazy thats her mothers daughter
One man can be a crucial ingredient on a team, but one man cannot make a team. -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Sounds farmarlier huh?
Thanks! Feel free to post your thoughts on the FB page!
Ostrich egg guy scares me!
awesome, thanks! Lookin forward to hearin from you dudes!
Stop being distracted
Someday...SOMEDAY I'll have a bf for god's sake. Single since 1996 ahaha.
lmao that's go funny
How about a Trunki suitcase for a giveaway prize?
Go follow me on instagram! (: Itsjenniferbabe_13
how about me? Can I come too?
Hope to see you @ Night by the River Benefit this Fri @ 7pm! We're serving fire-roasted meats from Sabor & NitroCream ice creams & sorbet!
Just got up and can't go back to sleep
<3 when folks do that & always make it a pt 2 to do it myself w/parents when kids' politeness knocks me out (I'm a librarian)
Paul should run for president and Preston can be VP.
NClg Aa earned the Hey, Good Looking badge! via
because there so much violence in this world? en paz can not live like normal people!
I like how no one knows when i cry
Janelle! Thanks for the kind words! We are thinking of making a next section, words that describe Janelle: awesome, rad, cool...
West Denver Prep's 4 week course starts today...let the Outward Bound experience begin!!
send your work to the features email we'll be happy to look it over verses you want me 2 do send em
Thanks queen. He's acting bad right now; won't stop humping the floor floor lol..
Start earning money online now!
I had a dream last night with and ......we were camping.
so much beer...so little stomach
seriously. I'll definitely have to come back. I'd love to play there at some point
And the best thing about is that rockets & bookbinding are relevant to our interests
yeah yeah blame the spell check, you go boy! Hahaha
The Friday afternoon glas of wine is best glas of wine of the week. :)
White meat, which includes fish and fowl, is better than red meat, which includes beef and pork, for those trying to lose weigh
Comin at you live from the 24th #Laborers international convention. Off to a great start!
Tempted to get the Kindle Fire, thoughts anyone?
I like
Great idea! I'd love to feature a great sky dive company.
No need to apologize. You guys played a great game.
lol. Yeah or they shouldn't have reconnected. Andrew would have gone back to LA forever stuck in dead end job, wondering what if
What is the most embarrassing thing that you've ever done?
Anyone wanna come tan? LOL
I need a new twitter name. This one is getting OLD.
London, Oh London, who wants go to London this fall?!? Hurry and apply now! The deadline is April 1st! Don't miss it!
btw have been enjoying the show, nice job lately!
Wait until next year with and - the other teams might not even score!
Mobile Phone Recycling Companies Refuse to Buy Stolen Phones criminals !
Shouldn't _Where the Wild Things Are_ simply have been entitled _Wilderness_?
tweetup in two min
prove it
Love 's pre-webinar caveat: "I have children. They may make noise. If this ruins your experience, blame humanity"
oh man I missed the boat. I'm watching horrible tv and waiting for child services to save this kid.
Better watch out... The Motorz are working in their secret bunker..Staging a comeback...
The IAP Photography panel is now reviewing app # 130191 Susan S.
Sage advice.
super jealous! Have some fishies for me! :P
I'm getting super excited for the opening this weekend! Red Space Gallery 7-10pm
COUTURE, GRABNER AND SKINNER NAMED CALDER TROPHY FINALISTS
I hear gun shots
Happy Friday the 13th to you!! What's your lucky charm?
I am officially a published author! One of my poems is published in the 2011 Tennessee Regional Literary Anthology. My dream realized!
heyy long time no talk! How you been?
“: I hate my hair so much” let's dye our hair together! Because I hate my hair too.
Thanks for the RT! Good job, Citizen! :)
I am a huge UK fan but I want to wish you luck wherever you decide to go. Follow your heart and stay humble bro.
prank calls <3
great job on the fire challenge
Hi John - check out Ideate - it's a sketching app. Very cool (and developed by my new company!)
Of course it would rain on my off day..n be nice all week..let me pull the cover up n go back to sleep..#mad;(
I am going to be known throughout the galaxy. future$h!t
it's all you ! I feel it!!
I totally need to check this out! Thanks for the tip! It's amazing how small accelerators like CMD-0 can help so much
I hate when ppl piss me t'f off then i just be madd forever like honestly get a fucking life!!!!....family'n friends!!*mwah*Ms.simmons out!!
Kappa Delta wins chapter of the year <3 I always knew I joined the best of the best sorority :)
Jet<U+2708>Life
RT : My man bout to shine today on tonight!! I see u my nig
We're hitting up Boxing Donkey in Roseville to celebrate 's birthday. Come have a pint with us. 7pm as always!
when are you back? i miss you!
Playing the Tap Room @ the Langham (pasadena) tonight, 7-10. GREAT trio: Hamilton Price and Dan Schnelle. Acoustic and straight ahead!
Is everyone in #Dexter okay? Sending positive thoughts and prayers from across the pond.
yeah! Me, you, & a couple other people from the class should go to a movie or something.. c;
First Kim Jong-Un and now this?!?
Planning on watching season 1&2 of It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia!
MT Look w #arizonawildcats who finally joined the party... ! The newest, most badass Defensive coordinator in the PAC 12!
If her blog posts and tweets over the past couple weeks are any indication, I'd say called them.
TweetDeck, stop interfering with my work!
#ThatOnePersonWho get on your nerves alot .
“ really north carolina? first cousins but not gay people?! i just threw up a little bit in my mouth.”
Wide awake. Thinking about hiring an AE In Milwaukee... IT Sales role www.rht.com
After i leave here i gotta go here & there again ugh
Show was great! Thanks to everyone who came out. See you next year!
<U+2764>Sisters softball game- good luck girls!!!
Yes it hurts
” I forgot #TheVoice was on tonight. I've been in class every Monday night until tonight. How'd Tony do?
....and completely ready for his future with Blair. :)
prices slashed drastically at www.kandizone.com
i've already read through it and my files are not corresponding how they should. there are still duplicates
No excuses, no apologies.
ah wish you could too haha :)
cleaning out the kayak
Right now there are aliens outside my window.
nice try lol
well hello how are things in your world
“: you coming to my meeting tomorrow? I kinda miss you.” time and place baby boy
So I<U+0092>m selling How to Start a Record Label for only $49
Who is ready for our hometown Broncos to upset the Patriots? Pick the correct score and win a 2012 Denver Browns t-shirt
Just finished up a lil while ago.
when se goes back as forth lmao!
Writing the end of a first draft is either too easy or excruciatingly hard! Ugh!
Just completed Week 1 - Day 1 (completed 1.73mi with run pace of 13:53 min/mi) of Ease into 5K!
you are around my age arent you? mid 30s
lol thanks boo and u know how I do
Thanks for following
Lane's IEP 4 him 2 start High school nxt yr is this AM & Dyllan turns 16 on Sun...WOW...I don't know if I am ready 4 this!
And I almost got trampled by the crowd of people watching it. D:
Random but does anyone remember Samantha Mumba?
Amen to that Peter. I was about to cancel my BOFA. Netflix is gone already. Haha.
The one problem with furiously trying to launch a website is you get incredibly, incredibly behind on emails. Sorry folks!
These fucking retards be up for no reason...
Great day in #Tallahassee, including breakfast with and lunch with Leadership Tallahassee Class 18! As we say, Best. Class. Ever!
Ready do it again?
oh we drove. 9 hours. Probably not the best choice we've ever made.
Electric Cab of #Austin provides free rides to evening pedestrians in Downtown Austin and special events throughout the year.
MT Lieu To my lib friends Cheney is human being. Pls stop hating on his health. Wish him speedy recovery: that would be compassionate.
wow that's insane
A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money
back from Twitter hiatus! Off to WI in the morning.
#Blackparentsquotes is trending and I just could not stop laughing my ass off. So true.
Love that I can watch and snark on awards shows live instead of waking up the next morning to find out what I missed
thanks for the invite! was great to meet some other fantastic folks from
Tender moment as 11 yo son and 3 yo daughter are seated side by side on overstuffed chair watching movie "BIG" on the iPad
the app is awesome
Message me what boy you want to get noticed by!
FYI ... Dear Professional Ppl ... The " Text Message " is NOT a business application ... the 4 layman that means ...
Kiss and Tell cuz i want to kiss him lol
Gillian Anderson as Miss Havisham- disturbing, creepy, evil even while seeming pathetic. Can't wait to see more!
Finally! Somebody put some points on the board! Ok LSU, what u gone do?
+1 “: My fav mag! RT : The latest issue of focuses on food, and gives Houston some love.
sorry for not responding :P little busy
How are you spending Leap Day this year?
I have no doubt. :)
My wife had 2 have her gallbladder removed in emergency surgery yesterday. How crazy is that? She was feelin fine Monday but Tuesday PAIN!!
I don't know why, but I love all of my Bias' in blue! Perfect combination. My bias, and my favorite color. <U+E106>
Verizon FIOS fee increasing to $52.99. hm "this rate increase is unrelated to the speed increase we will be implementing."
At least it's dat last day of skool instead of friday
just saw the new office driving from the airport to hotel. U can't miss it. . so POSH!!!!! I like it.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination ~ Albert Einstein
The reason people hate is most likely, because they are jealous of you, so don't worry about it<3
Nothing much really just watchin 106. And that is amazing I bet it was good! But anyway what you doin?
Tks for the follow! Appreciate it! Have an awesome day! :-)
Hey hows it going!
Friday! Friday! Cake and Cocoa Friday!
Anticipating tasting incredible teas tomorrow in #SF w/
my dad is waaaaaaaayyyy to freaking over protective .. like, calm down tiger, i'm with my brothers. nothing's gonna happen <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Today's tip: Try to pack your lunch instead of eating out--even just two or three times per week will help control what you eat.
A new issue of the Downtown News hits newsstands tomorrow! Be sure to pick up a copy.
Don't be sorry, I won't tell her what you said. #lipssealed ;-)
sorry it's been rough. I've been wright on a friends primary campaign. He didn't win so more free time now til oct!
Welcome to the Spurs, T.J. Can't wait for the season to start! “: SA SA SA SA”
Nah just visiting RT : Karma back?
The doodle video is priceless!
#Rangers fans should be thankful this is now a #baseballtown, the stands in Toronto are a sad sight to see.
thanks but no were close to beautiful ahah and thanks again its officially party day <3but i really dont think im pretty:(
*cues IIOS* YOU KNOW YOU CAN'T GET ENOUGH, J.C. SMITH! WE BOUT TO TEAR COLUMBUS UP!!!
Love Coccoli- the color combos are fab
Between 45 & 50 million people live in the path of Irene!!
Thanks for the suggestion! I will check out Photoshop Express.
I can dig that
The best kind!
“For people without passion and talent, information has no value.” Jef Staes
It is far better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret. ~ Jackie Joyner Kersee
Can't wait for The Amazing Spider-Man 2 in 2014--hopefully the entire movie will be shot in CGI first-person perspective!
I'm looking forward to it! (: It would really be lovely if you were here in my arms right about now.
Bodysuit Man has arrived -- now we can start the party
Oh, November sweeps! I nearly forgot about you!
You've earned a little #peace right about now. :)
i hate mothers day.
LETS DO IT.
I'm not watching cuz I'm studying. I open twitter and I see these tweets. Lawd... I'm tempted to turn on this train wreck!
Hi Jen. It is hard to believe the amount of injuries!! But we still have more than enough to get it done. GO #YANKEES !!!!!
I wish those who abuse pets could get the same abuse back as punishment.
Q1 Lawyers killed the Master Builder, now we need to create a new path
Had a really great mothers day. Snow crab is so much better then lobster!
Good point.
Don't forget that we're open til 11 and there's live music at
I came in second in high jump and first in discus <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> woo
How was your massage? Hope it was a good one and you'll come back again soon :)
its start weezy that is a hot line
That's pretty awesome! Congrats.
“Life’s under no obligation to give us what we expect.” - Margaret Mitchell
AUSTREAM DAY !!! CAN'T WAIT =)
Wanna do something WILD for Cinco de Mayo!
If you're the only person able to step in & become the #caregiver,you may want to consider contacting an #eldercareagency to assist you
Make Your Money!!!
For about 5 years on and off now.
Those little details are the ones that make my days!!
Why don't they coordinate between the 4 channels so that there is no commercial/halftime interruption?
But LOVE the corgi at the end!
Wonder if they mean the Bonestripper.. RT There's a roller coaster designed to kill passengers
Black guy with an awesome mohawk (Spiked) who wouldn't want play as that in a game #MAXPAYNE3 lol
All this nonsense on twitter while congress secretly votes in favor to use the military to detain u.s citizens indefinitely is crazy.
The Beatles & The Beach Boys were so good in the 50's 60's & 70's.
Not even worth finishing... Going to bed over this mess...
“: morning! Rise and shine” What's good fam. When ya gunna hit me back
I love
I'm great, still in San Diego, married w/ 2 girls, Asst. News Dir. at NBC O&O. Visited OKC at Christmas, looks great, congrats
I did just that Michelle! RIP my hams/glutes!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>RT : Kill It Gale!
will this #Nuggets team ever learn games against Clev. & NO count just as much as ones against OKC and MIA?
I thought it would feature Wm. James & Stanley Fish wearing capes. RT made myself a "#pragmatism is my super power" shirt.
your yelling at me when I'm coughing?
Watching Secret Life !
Kicking off my birthday week tonight! Drinks with the work peeps!
Definitely, look forward to reading the great content you put out there!
a lot of people ha look on the list at lunch (: my memory is bad haha
Hear that? That, my friends, is #LeonardCohen singing to me, as Sunday afternoon turns into Sunday evening…. Ah.
Thanks for the follow, Amy. Hope you have a wonderful weekend!
ah ha. You should just start demanding all cold pitches come in Draw Something format
I would like to refer you to
lol i just did that to..
I'm, both, hung & hungover this morning. Does that mean I win?
All you need is LOVE... And a dog. <U+2764>
3) Creating awareness of learning opportunities with participants and managers is a good start.
looks like a good time!
i wonder if #Oomf feels the same way i do ?
I reeeeaallly need my headphones
's eyes kinda fascinate me...
We never knew that life was just happening..
AAS acquisition books include acquisition in early 19th c of Native artifacts- some museums collected bones, burial goods
Just realized that Carlos from BTR is in an episode of Ned's Declassified. Omg. He was like 12
Shooting range in the am to shoot off that Smith n Wesson m and p .45
Thanks for the mention.... again. Heh.
i'm just a heart-breaker.... So don't fall in love with a nigga like me. Don't love a nigga like me...
Have you voted "YES"? Tell the world #icheckedyes for #OneUnion!
Companies INTEGRATE social into their overall marketing strategy...job seekers should do same for personal branding!
Someone told me to join the Press Club like 2 years ago, its never too late
I have to love Bouchon. It's Claude's other life!
Have to go back to Buckle for another interview tomorrow.
0 in gym for the day
losers who still like their exes <
I always do
Penner must have poured some extra Mrs. Butterworth's on his pancakes today. He's looking highly motivated out there.
I have a serious addiction. There should be some sort of support group for this. Ideally one that doesn't use get-satisfaction.
hey buddy it has been awhile since I have said hello!
thank you for coming! happy to hear you enjoyed yourself!!
idk just make me happy :D
Writing about Timeline and how much people hate it. I wonder what they'll be saying this time next year...
Mistake I made I thought I was real! I tried 2 take 2many to TOP with me & they just slowed me DOWN!
"Talk shit get hit" is so overrated especially when you don't act on it.
Who's gassing this hoe? BP?
How many games does Kemp play there each year? Ya, #mvp RT That is the first ever 3-homer game in the history of PETCO Park!
Ivy Blue... Yeah ok I can see that.... But Blue Ivy?? Hmm...
Sometimes I bike past a mustached fellow and wonder if it's Twitter has taken over my life.
Lol Damn this woman checking this man phone
OH MY WENIS. REALLY?! :D I'm gonna see if I can drop college and career 7th so I can just have lunch all day all year:
I #tried so hard, Cant seem to get away from misery, I tried to get a way but the memories follow me..
goo goo dolls and dave matthews band >>>>>>
the school play today was actually really good! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+2764>
lmao i know! his sarcasm is just like mine so it's hilarious. GIVE ME BACK MY PHONE, KATA! :p
I am a veteran of the U.S. Navy and the Persian Gulf War (Petty Officer Rating: Gunner's Mate- Guns; Specialty: Surface Rescue Swimmer).
[595] The most likely time for your computer’s hard drive to crash is when you have finished your term paper but haven’t printed it yet.
Shoutouts to all the beautiful women working towards their goals!!!!
#FF pros who help businesses grow
...but how do I pry them out of the ice cream? :) Seriously though, thanks, that's a good idea!
You've managed to monetize work avoidance? Share your secret! I avoid work very well, but have yet to be paid for it.
Come join us to watch the JETS vs GIANTS tonight at 8pm. TAP OUT Monday $3.00 domestic beer $4.00 IPA/Imports(4pm-halftime)...
Yeah, right!
like i'd rather listen to lil B rap then talk on the phone
lesbihonest....been there done that. LOL
gonna try & make it. Daughter has doubleheader in softball.
the days of babysitting for 12 hours are..over. -lauren!!
Pizza and beer, the best breakfast ever
how does one start a blog? Is it easy or hard work? Why did you stop? What's the challenges? I have an #autistic child. Thanks
Got it in at the gym. I burned 400 calories!
Finished Assassin's Creed II (I know I'm behind). I don't think I've ever seen a series so sure of a string of sequels (but they're right).
If only we get paid for fangirling. hahhah ok wtf.
he is sexy too
Certainly something to watch now, isn't it?
Thanks for following. Great mission, love how you're helping Indy's youth.
Never molested as a #Catholic Altar Server, Boy Scout or in parochial sch sports. Probably the men were moral. Or else I wasn't attractive.
I don't wanna go to school,why does spring break have to be over?!):
Are they in Portland too?
Rainy day....wish I was home in bed!
And i cant see shit to change it back -___- fuck my life right now, seriously.
rock on!! happy day to you!!
it's a nice sunny day
#mettaworldpeace would get 25 games for that if Brendan Shanahan was in charge of league discipline
I miss
MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America! Musicalstop.com !!!~~~
Not feeling so well. And I have field day tomorrow. Not good, not good...
Nuggets doing good :)
Meaning, "Hooray! You can use this on your desktop machine" versus "Boo! You can't use this on your phone."
Ugh ALBERTOS.... you make me smile!
We went crazy in the end even shawty got up n aunties girls just ask fufu.They had the cha cha slide,1D & I think neyo lol
Ok. Best Buy gave me a gift card for all my troubles today. Their warehouse delivery people suck but the store guys are cool,
Sing along with us: "It's Friday, Friday, gotta get down....to Cup o' Joe on Friday!"
Man.. You're just waiting for me to unload on #24 aren't cha.. I've been staying pretty tame this playoff season.
seriously? Polo following economic disaster in europe. That's not reporting, its pure fluff. #weak but i'm not surprised.
Total enrollment of those 23 colleges is about 200,000. Very few students. Lots of two-year schools.
I would've written "Thanks for everything, Captain Tightpants!" <3
where's white cat? He's the biggest Judas of them all
Hey I didn't see you on my followers list can I get a follow back please?(:
Why James what ever do you mean?
Jesus, JaVale Mcgee is beautiful...
haven't eaten all day. almost 4 am, what's open?
in nj does anyone know of any jobs? a place where they are always hiring?
Thanks! This is also probably the cleanest it will ever be.
Alot of deez hoes that claim to be mothers don't deserve mothers day gifts!!!...
rose is my act love
If you don't follow these thought leaders, you should -
Dreams really are the most ridiculous thing about human life
It's time to fuck some shit up!
HI BABE!!!!! X Sorry I haven't talked to:you lately :''''''(
no stars
Happy Groundhog day! We hear Punxsutawney Phil make his prediction for an early spring! He MUST be an race fan!
Just what did that poor tennis racquet ever do to you?
You're far away from LA! I moved out here to learn Ruby at , become a dev, and build cool shit. Decided to stay! :)
THANKS to all of the ladies who came out to our NY audition last night! We are looking forward to starting the season with our new girls!!!
Danny beat you by a full minute with that tweet update, pal. A for effort though. Nothing wrong with silver.
The most powerful man in the world isn't afraid that the gays will threaten his marriage!?
Thanks! It's gonna be hectic but should be good! Have a good weekend!
Trying to teach myself Dutch while sitting in class
Listening to talking social media to #imcusa in Carolinas
: We'd love to see your beard at work. What are your thoughts on chowders, stews, gumbos, gazpacho?
That moment when you log onto your fba email for the first time today since the internet was down, & you have 42 new emails
Congratulations Team USA! The win today is a big inspiration for young ladies across #rva to get fit and love sports
Thanks for hanging out and pairing at the office this morning. Stop back anytime!
Oh, the ENERGY of middle schoolers, 1st day back from break!
please send #positive #thoughts my #daugher's way this #morning. #thank U.
That new "wondering who this is?" window opening under retweets is getting annoying.
3 Hall of Fame Quarterbacks playing in "Win or Go Home" games in one weeked!?! Could be best football weekend of the year.
On my way to work having a great morning so far can't wait till I get off though
ill call logies heart doc and ask him, and get back with you.ill Dm my email address to you.
#BiggestLessonLearnedfrom911 Never get involved in a land war in Asia
Reading Bernie Madoff: in new issue of Bus Info Alert + what are the "new emerging markets?"; Info Intro: "Fund of Funds explained.
I'm so happy the week is pretty much over.
RT : Need panelists: which Indy NFPs are doing social media well? Useful, high traffic blogs. Effective tweets, FB. DM MCCOYouth
great shot on goal yesterday, I would have crapped myself if that would have went in.
You may be the only one who loves the FB changes.It'd be OK if changes were once in a while...not nearly every month.
Great to have you there!
Country Boy closes escrow on his house today. This is a big day. I'm proud of him. Now to get prepped for the celebration! Bit of work 1st.
unfortunately he wasn't completely wrong... “: "This museum is the worst shit ever. I'm disappointed." - ghetto kid.”
there was already 3 then they needed a bat, so why she sat on me when they were kickng the shit outta me...idk?
New York
God sure gave us a Great Day in Baltimore! Weather is Fantastic! Shot out to the Ravens... 4-1!! Lets Go!!
Downton Abbey is just an incredibly long setup to a joke whose punch line is "Master Bates."
How about neither? How about an organization with no bias or slant? That's what we truly need.
Packing our bags and heading east for later this week!
My life just took a turn for the worst )))):
yea that would be nice. thanks
Am I the last to know Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively are dating?
Thats awesome!! :D
We love McBobs! And we even serve our own brunch-- give one of us a try!
you met one of my friends today, Natasha and Olivia.. I couldn't go bc I live in America :( love you
yes ikr lol! now I'm getting hated' on for sharing my opinion. oh well
wonderful! i RTed ur mission. can u? we help the mentally disabled get jobs, remain independent & integrate in2 society!
hell yeah “: I stay home way too much”
Be sure to follow AndytheArtist. He will customize orders and provides some great, interesting work.
If you're lucky, somethings you stumble upon.
and then you will want to read book 2 right away :)
I have survived the night..so far.. I thought about not tweeting til mid afternoon tomorrow but it would be a dick move.
RT “: Can't. Stop. Listening. To. Doctor. Worm.”
yes i would watch you cook any time
Without accepting the fact that everything changes, we cannot find perfect composure. ~Suzuki
So jealous of my parents! Moms playing in London and dads in Nola. Thanks for the invite!
I'm at g/r/a/n/d tonight in Stamford, CT! 10PM-1AM. Come out and support!
Someone come protect me from the scary thunderstorm ;c LOLJAYKAY I need somebody to cuddle with now, kgo.
Thanks a lot Peter!
its not lettin me send back it say u not followin me
charge it!
Hey Michele. BASEMENT JACK is a fun little flick. Nice to see you on here. Cheers.
I signed it!
You know I'm just kidding, right?
11 hour plane ride #fail....China trip #win!!!
of course. Come to DC. I can handle your offspring.
Control your mind, master your thoughts, control them
Can anyone recommend an affordable and (more importantly) reliable web service for printing conference posters in the US?
yep, I'm living it and still can't find a job. It's brutal.
thanks you too
Just b/c I love to stay at home on the weekends in my PJs and hang out with my dogs doesn't mean I'm a homebody. Okay, yes it does.
i'll ride in anyone of 's cars i'll enjoy riding with him :D
Haha yeah. Pretty much 1950-1960s. My parents grew up with it, they'd laugh to see how ppl study it today.
That ain't good. // RT Heat have now lost 8 of their last 9 road games against teams with .500 or better records.
While you saying I'm broke I have Monster Beats Skull Candies and name brand clothing what you got #StopHatin because you broke and Im not
Burn it to the ground
Haha Richard Pryor is a true role model
Yay! Happy birthday!
Congrats!!! RT : Woo-hoo! PR in the 10K today! Amazing day to run.
S/o to all my new followers!
Try having someone check-in with a mobile device at the address you added to the page and see if it suggests your FB page.
#LadyJedi read "Army of Darkness" #4. When I asked her what she thought, she said "Eh, the story didn't have an ending. I need resolution."
sitting through 9 hours of final presentations this week <U+0CA5>_<U+0CA5>
When will you be back in Austin?
Yes, , we have a bunch of songs! No
Just stick around!
I help people get 1st page rankings in Google--if you know any business owners who would benefit let me know!
Gallery Night in This Just in: All Gallery Spaces are indoors :)
Are you going to tweet some of the bacon-y treats tomorrow?
Rocking Christmas. That's all. Just wanted to say that!
Diana's a retard lmao
Plan to check out my digital footprint using SocioClean soon!
These little girls I Sware.
afraid of Rush? You sound like a democrat not an independent. In Other Words, you are working for the Obama 2012 folk ,)
That Dynamo stadium looks amazing.
Thats a hot pic Michelle but I can tell it's not really you hun. You pulled that from the internet didn't you?
The secret to social media is consistency. There is no set frequency,but post consistently about consistent themes, and you will be alright.
Thanks for the tweet! Pls continue to share.
I need to buy my ticket
Why am I up this early on a Saturday.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
And made my wish when 11:11 came and went. I believe its for...
Ah, THAT'S what transliteracy means.
"cheerio balthazar" jesus christ
FUCK YOU!! I HATE MY LIFE....BUT MOSTLY I FUCKING HATE HOW YOU CAN SAY ONE THING AND IT RUINS MY WHOLE DAY! #FUCKOFF!!!
THAT MAN IS FINE.
Next up, created a 'Choose Your Adventure' app for the Milwaukee Public Museum that will run on
great photos; liked the stuffed animals
However, I guess it beats the alternative
WE HAVE TO<3
you working tonight?
Had a fun day today:-)
Fantastic & inspiring workshop on library of congress teaching resources
Thank you for the mention. Hope you had a great weekend!
there's an amazing falafel place in Philly, when you're there next you should go
it's probably been 2 yrs since I've felt this horrible...
hahaha DOPE! Im chilin mane kendra and I were going to grab drinks and celabrate so lets do sumfin G!
Today's #CovertTU word: BACKSTOP – an arrangement between two persons for the express purpose of substantiating a cover story or alibi.
MAY I BE PART OF UR STORY NOT MEAN JUST A FRIEND
Cantina lounge tonight in fullerton! 18+ get on the VIP List! hit up for info or email .
I feel bad for the movie 'In Time'. I saw an ad for it last night and it carried an endorsement from someone on MySpace. Yikes.
AT&T withdraws FCC application for T-Mobile acquisition In another blow to AT&T's ( NYSE:T ) attempt to acquire T-Mobile USA, AT&
I Really Really Really want YOU to do a concert here in SAN ANTONIO PLZ PLZ 5
what?? LeBron's been wrecking, there's only so much he can do..lol how did that prove your point...?
Watching retards at the doggy park..
I just really love your videos.
Just signed up and reserved hotel for #sla2010...New Orleans in June... should be just the right amount of heat and humidity to make it fun!
my boy is working with me tuesday
Aint That A Shame How They Fxck Up Yo Name.
Here's your #hometipoftheweek: remove stubborn wall plugs by drilling a tight screw into the plug & pulling it out with pliers.
Sounds right! RT : You smile, I smile. You get hurt, I get hurt. You cry, I cry. You jump off a bridge, I'm will miss you
please tell me those jackets are what you were talking about for
What we gettin' into today cuz'z?
o wow thats cool
Our thoughts and prayers go to all the Mexican people during this time of crisis.
#ThingsIwantTheMost #Banner18 raised in the td garden & the boston #celtics to win the 2012 NBA Finals
A huge THANKS to for being our generous sponsors at yesterday's Tel Aviv Beach Party. 2,100+ people got a true taste of Israel!
Lending a helping hand seems to be one of the must hardest thing for ppl to do dis days
OK, but I already have the memo.
Happy Birthday! Thanks for visiting Pies.
Has anyone seen the #luvs ultra leak guard commercials? Wth? Those are so dumb.
Tough night for the Angels. Still had a nice time with everyone thanks for having us and hope it helps
just continue to follow a bunch of people.
USA Today
recipients of the #GutensohnAwards are being announced.
I must not respond well to pressure. It is easier to write the month after
Now that #WIrecall is done, time to focus on Arlene and Micheal for #MMSDBOE!!
You will come out on top and bring them all home. As for the last part look me up I think that I can help you with that one. By the way ...
Good luck in today's primary! If you love in PA, remember to go vote today.
The Essex Clinic ~ IT Infrastructure Project | InTouch Systems
#moviesminuslastletter A Few Good Me - Tom Cruise interrogates Jack Nicolson's multiple personalities on the witness stand
yes its that time of year go get one!
Central Waters Brewing continues to impress.
Drinking my last beer from my fridge of an 18 pack of Miller High Life...No, I didn't start drinking them today! lol
It really doesnt feel like friday.
(((HUGS))) back. Pray for healing for sick kid 2nite. Tom. is my HUGE fam get-together. DON'T want 2 miss!!
: I'm already following you LOL
Line em up (kebo gotti) voice. Fayetteville, nc bout 2 be off the chain tonight i'm sick gotta reason to stay in lol. Poor wacka
Extremely proud of myself for going to the movies alone.
girl, i missed their show here last night, don't get me started :( so livid
bad decisions ;; good intentions
some of these 2chainz raps y'all doin are hella good lol
Great #ToddHenderson piece. $250K in NYC = salary of a gym teacher (albeit for private schools) in TX . Comfortable, but not rich.
Know your self.
Have administrators write grants to get funds to support faculty in blended learning.
is considering for Ford as long as it's strategic, lifestyle focused and bigger than repeating website content.
is your leg broke?
Omfg blondie move the fuck out of my way. I am not scared to slap a bitch in the middle of this chick fil a right now
"When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time."
NFL - that's all ima say
RT : What would you do on the day you became a millionaire?<=pay all debts and life debt free.
WAT!? This made me think of that South Park episode! Where they steal money from kids pretending to be the tooth fairy! :D
(I thought it was a good gag, but then I try not to look for opportunities to feel slighted.)
Simmons' maternal haplogroup (mtDNA) was of Native American origin. Her autosomal DNA (atDNA) breakdown was not revealed.
Any #musicians out there have videos of your music? Please reply with the URL. I am always looking for music videos.
Just go away please, thanks : It has been a roller-coaster-ride-of-a season, but KNICKS' fans stayed faithful!
“: : oh right, ive got 4/22 in my calendar” thank you!!
Such an amazing day <3
Walls closin in video comin soon!!!be ona lookout!!!
and the millions of the timothy fans
bird is the word
Trying To Get Spring Break Fine....... Lmao Imma Get There
check what all the buzz is about...google torc helmets ;)
Wait until finds out Josh Hamilton hit 4-HRs against his Orioles.
I've still got my #canucks samuelsson jersey haha, I'm wearing it right now
lol naw its because she was too busy with justice
Be BOLD, Be Strong, stand up and speak out about the issue of Bullying.
What is good tonight Chicago? Ready to go out and need something to do
Late night stroll
Slide Guitars are the shiz
I took her for sushi, she wanted to fuck, so we took it to go told them don't even plate it
Sake and Italian....
I've changed my username three times now...but this time it's for real!
I love MyBayMyWay
man. I think I spelled it that way twice already
And it took me a full 30 seconds to recognize the actress playing Quinn...I am ashamed.
-Get Your Candy Form Family Dollar !
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer24
thanks for the follow :-)
I ain't no bitch sir I'm a feline I take your girl off that track and put on the screens like ......
Happy Turkey Day to some more of my pals!
haha its pretty crazy!
We just made eye contact........she wants the D
Shave those damn sideburns, Broxton!
I aint gonna steal her tweet. I ain't bout that life.
if felt like that yesterday on some Arizona weed
A beautiful body
Chocolate. Just do it. Spain's Valor, Sweden's Fika and the UK's , all available at The Chocolate Library.
hey Ronnie! It's my birthday! :D
discusses design process involving middle schoolers in development of college access game
Aww what an awesome story babe now go make me a sandwich:)
YES! Caps WIN! Game 7 Saturday NIGHT!
=] FOLLOW ME
Happy Mother's Day! Where are you brunching today?
Hey Friday, you rock! \m/
If you email us your contact info, we'll have someone call you. Perhaps we can fix your issue. Thx!
If I could remove one person from the earth it would be Nancy Grace
I want that rashad and new new type of love lol
So does Roger Sterling, you know.
Yeah yeah whatever lol
RT You da man, Dennis. Pleasure was all ours. Awesome stuff! You can download episode on iTunes, search "jetsinsider"
damn you out of luck fam..I am gone hook it up though lol
Water warm enough to ditch the wetsuits yet?
International trade consultant in aviation...we sell 747's and private vessels to the global market :-)
A power outage and the smell of raw sewage in the office. What a lovely start to a Friday.
Whats the best thing to do after a workout? Damn skippy..time to get something to eat! Ha! Chck Fila here I come. Bread and water.
I want one, too. Let's cross fingers for each other.
Heyy! Hope you are having a wonderful day! :)
I prefer panties on the bed.
if you can't hang, there's the door, baby.
Waiting for the bus after buying a hunk of fresh fish is stressful.
Thank you K-Marie
We're now playing the Sixers. “: #Hawks starters: Iguodala, Hawes, Holiday, Turner, Brand. #Celtics #NBA”
Why does the internet deny the existence of Trader Joe's brand GORP?
You can't make a plant grow, you can create the environment but the plant grows itself......(kids and teachers)
The #Raiders finally make a pick, the last of Round 3. Guard Tony Bergstrom. Was expecting the guy who ran the fastest 40 there.
Getting ready for my show at SoCha cafe on July 25th.
I dont see how i look like ne
Hey Alex!(: How is your day going?(:
"Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses, I told him to quit bitching, this isn't a fucking hot-line"
all them freaky tweets
Happy Mother's Day to my amazing mom and all the moms who are always there for us!!!
How r you, friend?
We will be featuring kiantis Pizza in Santa Cruz, this Saturday (10/24/09) at 6pm. Great pizza, unique entertainment, don't miss it!
Check out and "like" Repro Health Daily's Facebook page! Ask any questions you might have about #reproductive and #maternalhealth !
Hey Storme! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
This piece was publicly read by the Nashville Symphony Orchestra as part of the EarShot program. Tonight is the world premiere.
did you really expect to recommend a mouse that was < $80?
You did that? Looks amazing!
Getting tired of all the iPad hype filling up the intertoobs.
not really just want you to ring me
I say wit bosh maybe but without bro idk becuz they didn't win tell lebron an Wade got tired
just sent some beats== I'm feeling the "Da Struggle " track get at me
ill try tweeting a pic of them together gotta go study for ma sci test :P
hi Kim lets talk aoon
agree - major bummer
Gave a stranger flowers today. It was nice.
thank you for the love!
Absolutely, they do. I mean the stars in the sky. All we have to do is tune in. : )
Leslie is soo trashy
Yea thought you were gonna say my voice /:
I'm going to Pound for a nutella latte and a book on semiotics. And, on the way, I hope to not get tear gassed.
It took me about five hours, but now I get it. Wale. Well played, good sir.
All i wanna be doing right now is squidding in my bed, instead im outside shoveling mulch with a fucking pitchfork
Who's next to be downgraded? Will US ever see a #credit #rating upgrade?
Certainly my favorite-named tool. Little ashamed to admit it took me a while to realize it was named that bc it's made of bone
I am working at AAU Nationals for Inline Hockey right now in Huntington Beach, CA for AAU legend Keith Noll...very diff crowd at hockey
Tagging Tuesday- Thank You for all that you do!
Trivia pop quiz: How many hours per day does a koala sleep? The winner gets a Hersey kiss from Erica's desk.
Julian deserves to be on abdc just like the rest of the boyz so what if ppl dont know who he is! its one in a life time thing!
Heels Win, Duke Blue..
aweh I'm sorry
Who is miss me ?
When i need someone to talk to, or need someone to stay up with all nite...im going to <3 HateLies<3Trust
Who wants to come out and play after work so I don't watch sad movies...?
It’s not easy being green: Data center edition
I do lots of things, I build websites, run a non-profit, & I'm a photographer- &more. I'm only self-promoting if that helps. :-D
still wide awake... its 1:04 in the am and im wide awake ... smh for drinking coffee at midnight ... lol
Finally done getting ready. If this guy doesnt hurry i WILL fall asleep lol
but if you ask should we tax the rich more that polls at 70%
might have to join you !!
what the business is
lmbo u a mess ma'am!
Thanks man, its going to be a really diverse mix of songs!
And when you tweet TARDIS, and I think latin/spanish/italian/esperanto. Forgive the Romance Nerd response! ;)
Word? When in July? Hopefully it's the week I'll be in New York
We are so happy to be a part of your healthy lifestyle community! What a gorgeous mission your guys have! All the best!
Tired of paying too much? We can ease the burden on your auto maintenance through social media.
thanks Madi! (: I love you too!!
sure oversight and teacher participation for elementary students...model, model, model
Agreed. So who makes change? Do school/gov'ts change test policies? Or do tests stay static while tech changes world?
If you think it’s time to let go, then just let go. There’s no point in looking back to what you have already lost.
I am sick and tired of people saying Austin can't sing. They say it for no reason at all. Haters say that simply b/c they are jealous.
Somehow, I never make it to my destination on time... thanks #seescandies... #distraction !
Heading home from NACAC Conference in NOLA, must say that it was one of the best in the 19 years I've been attending.
“There is a crack in everything. That's how the light gets in.” Leonard Cohen
Bitch I'm tred of you and your little attitudes and episodes.. you gotta get the fuck out.. youll be missed i guess!
The difference between golf and government is that in golf you can't improve your lie. - George Deukmejian
Well u can't shovel rain dammit!!!
PDX find local #auto and affordable #car care with us. we are specializing in the #bestcar sales and will provide you with a free quote.
Great raw so far
general please
I'm about to get busted!!! :(
yep, i follow too many ppl as it is. I enjoy a wide range of takes but the constant snark & negativity is played out.
hold a 20-14 lead, under six mins left in regulation
Honored to speak An amazing group of people committed to impacting change. Looking forward to the work we do together.
Hi. I am interested in being added to lists (especially in acting, stunt work, producers, writers, the arts). Thanks.
Where did you watch the space shuttle yesterday?
Just finished latest book. I loved it despite the fact that I stay clear of books that make me cry. This was worth it though
Thanks for the help on the way out the door! That did the trick!
afternoon baby!
No im a model, i havent done any photoshoots in a hot min.
Ur welcome. Wasn't easy yo : I love you thanks for getting me the Leno gig
Got some great pics on my trac-phone of the full moon rising over the ocean, but now have to get a cable to upload them, Boo hiss!
Full moon weekend at Belmont Tavern and Whiskey Bar. Pub crawl your weekend on Cathedral Square with live music and DJ's
i did
I got twelve of each beer. Whatever makes it back to Madison is yours!
"Slag" is such a fun word, isn't it ?
We gone be inside fool .. Come fck wit us
when is the building supposed to be completed?
What kind of concert cost 45cents? Answer: 50cent feat Nickleback
Where u at Kat? 'bout to ThangThang this ! Super excited they're at FilAm Festival SD!!!
holy sweet baby Jesus. I've missed SO much.
Good morning!
Come enjoy educational activities with the little ones during the holiday stroll, Saturday, December 3!
Thinking about starting a BVB message board....
You write English fluently. Were u born in Romania?
FDOT and MDX are "tollating" us to death. What is tollation? Tolling without representation.
Like clockwork, Lakers find a way to truly embarrass themselves come playoff time; and I'm not talking score.
Tweet me! :D Im here to listen..to anything.. ;)
TODAY:15 in Minor 125 | Prof. Qiubin Wang "China, East Asian, and U.S. Integration" | Free! | Refreshments!
If aliens ever land on earth and demand to see our leader, our best chance of survival is to bring them to Lady Gaga....
let's talk more about your website, I like the combination of design and travel
I'm good cuz the fake and the real can't blend.
i miss you too! :c
- they refused to honor the $25 slot play if the item was out of stock
Educating schools about flavored milk
Week no.2 in the books. My legs still aching daily, but my bottom side feeling encouragingly toughened up.
thanks for the follow
remmer when itunes used to be 99 cents. not anymore :( its messed up just to change what i said
A bit of both. But one thing is clear: the sense of entitlement on her part? No acting there.
“: Take the time reflect on Dr. King's contributions to the Civil Rights movement and his love for mankind #HappyMLKDay”
Indeed, and he denied Harris his ton...
thank you for your help at #EatMobile - looking forward to the pics!
snake, cockroach and rat over lizard!!!???
It's only appropriate to finish a trip to Philly at a dive bar with karaoke called Bob & Barbara's.
Happy Drink-Oh De My-Oh!
Just got done working out ready for sat team C CWO
Ion know how I want my nails tomorrow
I wish the febreze commercials were real... It does not cover up husband stink.
Denominationalism has the ability to increase unity if done correctly.
MARY what are you getting? I want one so bad I'm just struggling to land on one idea.
how is dat sir?
DOMS hurt so good.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Semi fire 90 NB near MM132/133 near Anderson and 51. Use caution in area.
I think anything without java script enabled is not blacked out.
"how's your mother?" "she's on her way out.." "we all are, act accordingly" Wise words from a decent man.
Not that my mom is forcing me to eat... Im not in elementary school no more
I think I might hit 20,000 page views in a coupla days!
“: Is what you call "caster sugar" what us Yanks would call "granulated?" BTW, loving "F Word" on BBCA.
thanks for RTing
My parents go to bed at 10, what r u doing later? #GamerPickupLines (I'm a huge gamer)
Hi Alysha! Thanks for following me!
everything U & I have been tweeting about is shared in my script/movie. If the LORD says the same this will be viewed.
Class Update!! Latin Fitness cancelled this Monday and Wednesday at Dance Bethesda. Class will resume this Friday, March 16.
im so sleepy!
Movies in the making! RT : RT : Shout to on stage w/ & ... WOW Best moment of #SXSW '12 S.O.B.'s
its so sad she is a legend and wont be forgotten
i feel so bad for Steve Blake. It was not that serious yo
I'm not really Rikki lol but I'm a huge fan 2
all the best in 2012 ..let's get caught up soon..love the highschool football pic you posted
I'll do my very best. We're letting Rhett finish out his senior yr at Riverdale next yr 4 football, then permanately b n Fla.
Watching #IntoTheAbyss...Dear god...
Reasonably happy #Diablo is being released without PvP. Was one thing that ruined #WoW for me. People always QQing about overpowered classes
RT : Heading home from the office. #MakingMoves #WorkinHard in the
Thanks adding us to your list! Honored to be amongst such fantastic Tweeters :)
wow that's cool!
. Neat! I did that this week AND blood tests! Good times!
I will!
Your the reason why I smile
wants to play mind-crazed banjo on the druggy drag ragtime USA.
RG3 very well spoken on College Gameday. Combined with his display on the field last night - I'm a fan.
low self esteem has ppl acting very unlike their true selves, breaks my heart to tell ya the truth
If you have more that needs writing, pass it along; I can at least do some of it
haha it's fun the pot just got crazy!
One of angry birds versions needs an update!
yes it's kind of exactly the opposite. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but... yeah.
This weekend (Feb. 25 & 26) is Camellia Weekend! 10:00am-4:00pm. Featuring lectures, music, and of course camellias.
“: The cosmos aligned in celebration of birthday sending Twitterverse into #Latism fiesta! #Fuacata!” #wepawave !
just did yoga for 1 hour and burned 336 calories. Total burned so far: 440908 calories! on 4/27/12 at 10:32 AM
Ask clients-->What would a solution look like? How much is that worth?
Dear Bed, You have never felt this good
so true
Oh, you're welcome ;) cats + 1D = nothing productive in prob and stats.
Serious question: Why go with Porcello? Is the #Tigers bullpen that unreliable, or do we need to save them for a Max start?
Great prayer... I've been there too... Be ready.
guys ! you shouldd go follow ! i'll lovee you forever if you doo ! ((: <U+2665> &she writes really good imaginess ! go!! ((:
Full house at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando
Can you please tell everyone to follow this account?
AQUS running, ask got very thin...
MP art = fab art! Check out the latest originals
Should have kept that sherpa on retainer. Zig-zagging all over Burque.
come!!! It's lots of fun
Date night at Karma Sushi :)
Grizzly bears are brown. Old brown bears are grizzled :)
This female is CRAZY AS FUCK!
A lot more Moms&Dads could choose 2b stay- parents if 30 yrs of R policies hadn't made it next 2 impossible 4 fams 2 live on 1 income.
We just got an email a few minutes ago that had tracks 6-10, but the first email had nothing attached to it...
why do you recommend that I connect with him?
Hi Boss
My team is da team..period..
Sefalosha is a hacker
Oh, I this one's a good one. Something Corporate- Konstantine
someone Skype me((;
so be it :p the mere notion of snakes- dead or alive - freaks me out. I don't need visuals.
Visit www.benefitoffice.org/salute to support tomorrow's event
When you begin to write down your dreams, those memories, forgotten, come back.
Blue Angels in the air - gorgeous day. #NOLA Wish weather stay through weekend
Ahh, the Summer Solstice. A perfect day for all things requiring sunlight; like bean harvesting and pagan rituals.
My friends are the best.
And Miami Comes Out On Top Tonight !
Don't ever be mad at karma, she's just doing her job.
The After Party interview tomorrow! Send in any and all questions you have! Thanks <3
Now I have the Police stuck in my head.
Tin Baker
Lmfao I have no idea why...I'm so twitter boring XD
needs some #cakepops from
"That last photo is entitled, 'Ugh, they farted on me.'" *giggle* Love #family!
12 : B/c thoroughly educated female physicians can relieve and remove sufferings of a vast number of the most delicate of their own sex...
dude you need to RELAX
To be considered as a sr. nominee 4 HOFF an individual must hv completed his active career by at least 25 yrs Mike completed his 33 yrs ago
Well I think Kaighty is weenier cuz she's a twitter rookie. Pants on the ground
"You have about as much of a chance to get drafted as getting hit by lightning…unless you go to Kentucky.” Great quote by
Miley Add me On skype i sent u a request
I know it's hard to believe, but there are actually times I forget I can walk down the street and get a nice hot doughy pretzel
admin leader: LaunchPad is today. Geeks will be serving... stop by to see if we need help, if you can. thanks!
Literally in heaven! Oh! How I wish I could go back in time...
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
my goal this weekend: avoid metro at all costs. good luck sir
Evans knows his place on this team "The Enforcer".
been good how about you?
sweatpants tomorrow? i think so :)
We need everyone to get behind #trayvonmartin and make sure that justice is done
Over thinking which breakout sessions to attend - so many good options!!!
Gawd. Shopping is such a pain in the ass.
In honor of the summer solstice, what are your plans for the summer?
Thx-I am certainly going to work on these things. I was a veg awhile back.That video really moved me.I am still crying. :-(
Happy #FF to my BWW buddy in the OC! Let's make it a theatre weekend :)
"The difference between the mechanic and the artist is preparation". A quote from a friend. As a vocal artist, I couldn't agree more.
Thanks to Saad, Lee, and the guys at for a great #EDTechNYC meet up. Maybe they'll let me speak next time...
Congrats to for closing another deal today!
Going to make this tweet one of our favorites! :)
41 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
What kind of e-mail is it, is it spam or something like that?
Upside: you laugh a lot w/husband thinking of things such as" why is Velcro toddler sleepwear is not invented yet"
We're glad you do! Cheers.
hunter is monday the 28th
#St.Patties in Boston for Flyers and Bruins game going to be redic!
All I want to do today is lay in bed and cuddle
follow back?
Successful transfer from bus to DC metro. In a twist, bus riders have more courtesy and less odor than metro riders.
Finishing off my prom needs lol thanks too Joshua's gma and my momma-duke ( :
it's not the link, it's the ut server... not sure why it's blinking out, but it should be up before long :)
dude me too
oh don't worry about that.
we will be reaching out today!
Estelle loves you back! RT : Alpha Chi Omega at UNCW loves
They say im too fake, fuck it im paid, I cant even find an empty spot inside my safe!!!
Preparing for tomorrows shoot with Daniela Adriaenssens. Keep a look out for some behind the senses :)
thanks for the wings winning streak. Delivering breaking news
With two new puppies I am going to be doing a lot of dog walking! God bless you dear brother.
#fnciowa RON PAUL 2012! You tried to blackout and it didn't work! By the way SHEP that was an aweful interview with Rand!
Thanks for the follow!
what good bro...Don told me u wanna collab..im actually trying to get to tampa in the next month or so..no later than March
At dinner with and who just went to the bathroom together and left me at the table alone. Seriously?
U bet. BTW, am in new musical Monday at 45th St Theater. Bar Code is from Jim Rado of 'Hair' fame. Would like 2 C U if u can make it.
I have a friend in Florid named Chad. Asked him how it was hanging. He didn't get it.
Holiday tip #12 Multitasking - while the family is watching tv or doing homework, use this time to wrap gifts
He leaves tomorrow at 2.. I'm so not ready for this.
I ran into a table at the mall
Friend just invited me to Puerto Rico. Anyone been?
I messaged you via FB.
well good!!!
Thinking of going on the ghost tour in old town tonight. Sounds like fun.
I don't go to Wal-Mart because I spend more time trying to find a goddamn parking spot than I do buying shit inside.
Nice photo. :)
WHOO HOO! Better see u there! “: Checked out the guys for #wheelofMen Not bad, not bad at all”
University IT is investigating the issues w/ online registration. It should be back up now; please try again.
Psyched that we could get in for our inaugural From The Carriage House session! They were great, videos to come soon!
Wow! First baseball game out-of-the-box on is an upset. Greeley West 7, 3) Rocky Mountain 4. #copreps WP Grant Buchanan w/ a CG.
you should probably just get business drunk
RT Therefore, achieving the fitness level desired requires a different approach
On my way to an interview
#ChuckNorris There are no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, Chuck Norris lives in Oklahoma.
Lil cotto lolRT Starting boxing training on Monday....its goin down. Gotta make sure im polished
I had a great class tonight.
Happy Mother's Day y'all!Took my mom to the Pit to get some good BBQ for lunch. Made sure it was NC BBQ, not that intolerant Mississippi BBQ
BIG thanks to our friends for coming out to our school and performing and sharing their message with us! We had a great time!
Sweeney was doing good. Guess they don't like him against Lefties
thanks for the follow. Have a prosperous 2012
Yo what up girl, pics look good on your blog
Live and learn from mistakes to be a bigger person at the end
Getting ready for 's video shoot!
Am Just A Call Away
See we ain't worried about a damn thing
come here
Damn I got a lot of bruhs graduating today
My Dick can carry 2 Bricks when erected ;).
Cuddling kissing <3
“: sometimes I just need someone to talk to”
Olive Garden for mommy's birthday! :)
oh! For new years!
this week begins the wedding wave again, two in april, one in may and june!
I literally cannot feel my mouth and I think I'm drooling too
": Why is alyssa tweeting to herself....." I do what I want
yes I believe in complaining on a deep and spiritual level... also the root of most good humor! RT :
with a single slice on the wrist your life can disappear in one night why does this feel so right?
CANNOT WAIT! I'm sure they all look great :)
Halloween Ladies Night! Oct. 28th-LADIES DRINK FREE starting at 9! $2,000 in cash & prizes for sexiest, scariest, and best over-all!
"Nothing will work unless you do." - Maya Angelou
REALLY DUDE?? Naw man.. Keep your money!! I'll never do a show for this cat again...
OR or ME? Both are great, and I'd say "Do it!" regardless. If OR, don't miss Powell's Books & take a road trip to Crater Lake.
I happy 4 U but I just wish they would have taken any other FM band station.
SMS "conversations" with is the funniest thing ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
We'd love to, we'll be out there! : If you win will you meet out Bostons in SLC?
Dang, You Snapped Bro.<U+2665>
Linda Rosenberg is such a good speaker!
wow! too cool! thank you!
#WPA11 challenges with WPAs at CC: budgets, lg contingent faculty with less investment in school, no resources for prof dev.
White wines almost always give me headaches. But sometimes I want to drink a refreshing chilled wine. Suggestions?
being that we don't have time for a tourney, whats the prize for the best game?
Divorce your old story and create a new one.
Thank you. Everything recent there is cataloging. I'm more of a public services kinda gal, but I'll be looking into those.
~ Thanks very much for the mention!
Good Morning!
Don't come to twitter tto talk shit about me cause you didn't want me to see it on Facebook. Did you forget I use twitter too?
Haiku Plains Drifter
Big ups to my homie Jaylen graduated UK with 3 degrees. Business, Sports Medicine, and Music.
If happily ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
that's funny!
Really? Where did you find that?
art department blasting Jefferson Starship. I'm guessing had something to do with this.
Trying to make the most of my one-day work week before heading to #mla12 tomorrow. Yay Ocean City!
Who is the next "big three"?
5 in Texas
creep.. and no but I was talking about them
You might see me on ustream today..:) <3
All my relationships are loving and harmonious I am at peace I trust in the process of life
When did how good a player is start being measured by how many tweets they get?
El Cajon Council votes to put proposed charter adoption up for special election on June 5 in hopes to change from general law to charter
thanks for the RT, it is much appreciated!
Today sucked... Hate it when I cant sleep.... smFUCKINh
me too! We're doing something for National Craft Month mid-May. I'll reach out soon with the deets!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 34
T-Rich good fit on pretty much any team. Makes sense both Bucs and Browns would be discussing him, TB isn't trading up one spot tho
Heading to Hill Country DC 'round 1230 for pre-gaming #caps G6 and #pens #flyers watching. Hit me up if you're around.
According to your quote it's a disincentive for me to work so hard. I just want to pay taxes at the same rate as GE (19%)
You need to try one of those bacon-wrapped hot dogs they sell outside Staples center. They're the #truth!
your moms a boat
I am not watching the #DWTS finale Maria was robbed
RT for your chance to win a burger today for National Burger Month !
Congrats to D. Serchay on having Booklist's 'Review of the Day'! : "a first choice for public and academic libraries" www.booklistonline.com
Where annual elections end, there slavery begins.
lol because you were walking past me and i was on line
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
im promise to start this day off so cool man
haha its was kinda gross though too much kissing and stuff lol
I think we can all agree that one of the hardest things in life is trying to plug in your charger in the dark.
At #skinfactory time to get my friend some ink!
good thing I read Little Women a lot - those girls are hilarious!
Working on more images =) have you seen FB?
who? You or the kid?
I'm not sure I know what started this thread, but after a few chests you'd have some very caffeinated friends.
The ladies from 2 Chicks With Chocolate will be here on Saturday, January 22 from 2-5 PM. Come on down to taste their divine creations!
Hahahahahahaha! Go Nuggets!!!
thats right take yo ass to sleep
can we fire DC at half for his obvious misuse of Turner all year?
LMAO! RT : "Uh We have a partially nude male with a propane tank" #LexingtonPoliceScanner"
Ignorance everyday smh
Now, what is entailed in the Hole Behind Midnight game?
that part of Hillcrest need that bright red!
Well keep it up, we are all ordinary, but none of us are 'just' anything... :)
So far I like using the ip to take notes on class behavior
maybe I do just not tonight!
Yes, but please email our Box Office at boxoffice(at)centerstage[dot]org and they can help you out
i wish i could be and
I was skipping the commercials! Everyone's a critic...
Ha! Me too! RT : I'm *still* confused as to who's on which side of this debate.
still not allowing downloads.
Crows of people on rooftops, cars and atop roadsigns trying to get a glimpse of #discovery. would be geeking out if he was here.
#dearyoungself Save all the money you can grab. Now ask your Dad for his broker's number. In '86 buy every share of MSFT you can afford.
#OutoftheLoop The Prejudice Cycle: Ephesians 3. Jews would take the long way around the area to not interact with Samaritans.
RT : Make sure you're following & !!
Obviously out cut is not the problem. :) We're working to fix the other part. Thanks.
Okay... Here's how we're going to do this. I want to make this a little different.
Only way to get fed hiring reform to see traction is to get it into the bloodstream - get out of DC with hiring reform message
I feel bad for my dog
Hurry in for some of our homemade steak chili, come Memorial Day it will retire for the summer!
locate your lighter.
RT : U not welcome in ya own hood but u still rep it #StopIt<<<bruh u on a roll!
I just tried Aussie shampoo.
lol and it is even when y'all try to b unpredictable yall moves are telegraphed like bad pass
looks tasty!
Why thank you!
Game day...Get Focused!
What! I be followin' you girl!
look lovely!! Just finished "What Happened to Goodbye" great story! will recommend to many young females :)
Umm, I think the congrats are better going from me to you this wkend! V. sorry to miss it, but evry1 loved it-not surprising!
The good thing is that I live in Seattle where Pax Prime is going to be. I was there last year and it was great.
thank you so much for taking the time to listen to us! It really means the world to us :) make sure you like our Facebook pg!
Thanks. We'll pass it on to Perry. He's leaving the business, but he'll still be hanging out making sure his coffee continues
yes she does. My email is: . Just so u have it. I'll message u my number to. :)
what they set themselves up to lose!
Thanksgiving is going to suck but what else is new.
There's still time to look hot for spring break... and deals are still up.
We dont play when it comes to our mangos #NawMean RT : it's officially kill-a-nigga-who-steals-my-mangoes season lol
were you surprised about how many DTs and how defense in general - dominated the 1st rd?
A little high but with someone as hot as Altuve, need to move him off the plate.
ha! They just apologized on the air for the audio.
Happy Earth Day! FREE special treat for all our customers for our appreciation today at Elmington Park from 12-6pm
Remy Martin Louis XIII tasting? Don't mind if I do.
Jesus openly rebuked Peter, saying "Get behind me, Satan! You do not have in mind the concerns of God, but merely human concerns."
Huge spike in traffic this week. Thanks for all the support! If you're in SA we hope you go to our party; 'TU Goes to Acapulco' thurs night!
I'm not I just got on and it said that. Don't want ppl to know stop checking In.
Who's coming aboard the FREE Shuttle to Irish Fest at Blackthorn!?
thanks for sharing my tweets!
she's payton (:
Coffee is what i'm after
RT : Just got back from Comic-Con and boy is my ridicule tired. So...many...fat...superheroes // LMFAO
I will wait till they turn 25 than start yelling..I will give them their space to be stupid...for now.
"I will always recognize the sound of a movie projector." Best quote from Hugo.
“: Heading to #ManDiego tonight Team registration still open. Begins at 6 p.m. We love !”
Sale at the SWC Bookstore! All clothing, backpacks and hats 20% off through Thursday.
Like crazy. Holy shit. Best movie ever.
Be sure to keep up with Poised Creation for great future events!
close enough! :0
Menander~ The man who runs may fight again.
Good things always come in 3s, so what's next? gets his new contract, RB8 gets #exonerated, Badgers beat OSU?
I know is going to kill it tonight. One of my all time favs
If you say Dwights cool, but you don't listen to him. You are #notafan. Straight biz
yeah he looks angry because you made him eyebrows! Poor thing! I'm calling peta
my dicks bigger den urs.......!!! it was cold that nite!!! lmao that movie still funny as shit. #name it
TELL HIM TO SING YOU THAT SONG
I geta good hour on a good day bt2day?
My first ep: "Smith and Jones" My second ep: that series finale
thanks for spreading the word on a few of our articles!
Another for the secret menu: The Lord Bozyk, roast beef, cheese, grilled mushrooms, peppers, onions & fries, spicy. Oh yes (cc: )
Looks like is wearing Herve Leger...nice...
indeed it is.
when I'm with you
give thanks for the link!
I still like it :D you got a good choice in icons!! :D
RT : Were our scandals ignored this year? Cause we missed that memo...
April is earth month visit us at www.facebook.com/vedasalonspa and see whats happening.
should post more covers on her channel(: shes so good !
#lies RT : I would appreciate being included on such notes, considering I introduced you to The Hold Steady
Week of indulgences over. Starting tomorrow, I'll resume eating vegetables, tweeting for , and complaining about not sleeping.
RT : I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody."
Highly recommend "Unbuilt Washington" exhibit at
Momo's for a show. Great show, but the bar staff looks unhappy
And thanks. :-)
don't have a shirt to wear tomorrow. oh well.
I only know "this is" and "me" only cause I made a cd once title "c'est moi"
#oneofthesedays I will complete my NEW Cat Art!
We're 6 hours in, but we're about to take a little break and be back later with more for you to groove to.
#ff you rock!
Shouts to and we all about to get ship poplin
welcome...keep that so co pouring..!
But at this point, I'm going to be touching down in London in approximately 8 days, so maybe you can just give it to me? :)
He was out and wtf was Seth Smith doing out there
Need some #Big10AsSoftball Magic here!!!
Nah, I just look like one. RT Ain't you a model?
Spinning tonight Country Club University Place 5th Floor I love playing on this huge system
Eating sushi and octopuses.
What's running through my mind comes through in my walk. True feelings are shown from the way that I talk
I don't define my life by my past. I'm living today, and I determine my future.
TONIGHT is our Opening Night and we are SOLD OUT... reserve your tickets for tomorrow night right now!!! Running Fri & Sat till Oct 22nd
Ugh why school. Can i just go back and relive concert over and over again?
Thx for the inclusion in your paper.li. I'm following you in my fiction writing account.
To my amazing sister love you so much
#nothingsmoreirritating when u thought a stranger from across da room was tryin 2 get ur attention &u pointed 2 urself & mouthed da word Me
Hahahah picking the pictures for shot book has proved quite humerous...
Don't have your #TallyCardz yet? No worries! MyTallyCardz to order yours now!
I'm thinking that would be great for the digital image collection I manage. Anyone know any #libraries using it?
I'd have someone there in NOLA send beignets & gumbo up your way if I could. Hope you go soon. Enjoy the games. Go Cards!
disappointed the dentist wouldn't let me keep John's wisdom tooth that was pulled yesterday. maybe it's against privacy regulations?
it can be me
THIS RT : Why do people get so preoccupied with nature and what animals are doing when it comes to marriage equality?
Happy Birthday Kath. It'll be nice to see you on Friday.
Harry&Izzy's was soso but as far as there decorations its quit snazzy..
Listened to a couple of the lectures & plan to listen to more. It's not riveting but it does fill in some gaps for me.
Flurry of bills ground out in Legislature - Princeton Union Eagle
school is almost here damn it summer feels like it just begun
life's cool I guess. Not much new :( How's your life?
Womp. I'll just take some sleeping pills and pass tf out.
": A great relationship isn't when perfect couple comes together, but when imperfect couple learns to enjoy their differences."
Google gone done it again with today's Zipper home page. Totally knock my thought process off track.
Facebook, Twitter, Gmail, Hotmail, Linked In and Skype...does anyone else have trouble keeping up with all the messages?!
What lesson is included in the free trial? Crisis Counseling
4 Ways to Use Twitter for Customer Service and Support
hurts but its over so hey thts life... sick of shedding tears for u
wow i wish i saw this earlier -- i was totally out there last night.
wonder if he plays tomorrow?
Not my day
that looks awful
#slcwebinar Have enough diversity in your network to allow for diverse opinions.
thank you! I'm getting back to my old self now! My MoM would have wanted that.
Slowly fulfilling my destiny as a Subaru-driving, cat-owning, barista/painting instructor. Funny how this all happened
The Music and Curriculum desks are in the process of being merged into one, located at the CCM window. By Monday, 24 Jan it will be complete
Yu MuthaFuckin Flat Face ANT EATER
oh stop! You're making me jealous! I just hope the grocery is open when I leave my sisters...
Goodnight! Had too many hours of work already.
My mom is digging the gorillaz ! Nice
Bo october snow!
Hey,I love you more then anything in this world,and you the my inspiration,just thought you should know<3(:
The Thing / Antarctica?
my uggs are cool and you know it! #jealousmuch lol
Just found out about a Nick Bantock retrospective in Denver! "Griffin & Sabine and Beyond" - it'll be a must-see for me.
#AskObama - Is congressional approval of raising the debt ceiling really required under the Constitution?
what's wrong with MS Word?
idk since you said you were getting that car for graduation. i was like wha? hes a senior?:o
If you had 4 stomachs like a cow, think of how much longer you could stay on the couch...
Someone is gonna be real happy with that beauty!!!
Make my $ hoe , get off Twitter
starting samples for my new book BOYFRIEND SWEATERS. picking yarns is the most wonderful part!
haha! Thanks for the shoutout!:D
Did not know u were also a chicken farmer!
Kids getting drunk off hand sanitizer!? what! I can't imagine drinking that uh!
#beforetwitter, only my facebook friends would know that I did not enjoy the sour milk I just drank
thank you for the rt!!!!I appreciate it! Xo J
Def. worth a re-watch! I love Alec Baldwin's blue eyes in that one - and he's so young :) Off 2 bed now - rugrats up early tom.
is ashamed ofall the beers I drank but then I think about the workers in the brewery and their dreams
I Had To Miss Your Ustream, Last Night :( I Was So Sad!
Omg my life is a love triangle. :(
Follow me lol
Thank you so much!!
I am a leader by default, only because nature does not allow a vacuum
I'm tired of all of these low-scoring games so far in the playoffs. If the Heat play the Spurs in the Finals the games would be in the 60s
well i'm a gladiator so...
Adios eventbrite. is moving over even registration tool to #active #registration. Thanks !
It's supposed to snow in Boston tonight...in October... You guys ready for Halloween weekend? :)
I've been 2 like 5 places 2 day when will this day end!
4 left. Only 4 left. It goes so fast. Sigh. Tonight is one of the 4. #firstprize www.kefproductions.com
Oh shit! Lock up your writers, BDSchrank is in the hizzouse!
I have no clue on what to do today.. Still in bed
Who thought wade can guard melo??
Whats the difference between a private night with Zayne Malik and a prize of $100,000 cash?? No difference. Same thing.
Sure enjoyed the intensity of the last three minutes of last nights Chiefs/Americans game.
I wish this summer would hurry up I miss my adopted brother
haha you have to do work and i dont :P but i hope your work comes out great :D
god bless
#its2012whyyoustill got a jerking crew?
C'mon you Reds!!!!
Everyone go subscribe to austin on keek he deserves it! <3 #GetAustinNumberOneOnKeek! good luck!!
Magnum sized premium alcohols, hooker shoes, & sequins
Wisconsin and Marquette maybe. Cal no.
What's the latest word on the agent/book sample situation?
“: Happy Thanksgiving :-*.”have a wonderful day mymy
RT : How was it?? Exhausting and exhilarating at the same time! :) but holy soreness!!!
": Owned that AP test! #nerdlife"
it's supposed to be water not water with chunks in it. Egh
AM yoga after a weekend of scraping & painting was like a Bobby McFerrin percussive session--full of pops, tweaks, cracks, & high/low whoops
Rightt now its a little Nirvana....
There your best friends too!?
I love your AVI !!!
Well you'll need to let us know when it's released and we'll give it a watch. :) We do accept promotional copies. ;)
Ass up nose down
almost done with this paper :)
Whatever happened to Paris Hilton's singing career?
Hearing this #boyfriend song for the first time, Jill been telling me about it. Not what I expected at all hahaha
Where is ...? Something funny happened after our convo the other day...; )
that's not very nice. You asked for an explanation.
"Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out."- John Wooden
Price reduced! GATES 3-4 bdrm 1.5 Beth loads of space. Great neighbors fenced yard brand new kitchen. Many updates. Easy to show. 455-2443
Justice certainly is blind - those in power look away from the law at the highest levels of the U.S. gov't.
Lol, :) home laying down, missed you too <3
its for keys
Thanks! It's really not easy to suffer through this minefield of stupidity every day.
Hey you when can you get me on the calendar? It's been a while!
Im Not A Player ,I Just Love A Lot .
RT : Inspiring Lives Award: Urban Roots. Congrats Mark MacInnis.
i dont chase, i simply replace! <3
yea but u didn't invite me! Lol jk I'll see u this wknd
Holidays are the worst in this family too its the time of year to scream and shout and blame everyone else for your problems
The 4th service given preferential treatment was trying to think of is advanced educational services
Imperiled in a restless age
Headed out to connect with
okay so, I don't like that I don't live in Texas, and I don't like that I'm not 16.
well that sounds good.
Sometimes our silence sends a louder message than all the words we could speak. Be careful of what you say ... and don't say......
Where is it in jacksonville where i can find a nice sauna? Preferably a gym? ?
I know Money May had Bieber and 50 Cent...but who else saw Triple H in the background...that was the real hotness for me
Alright RT : And impress everyone with my 12 inch cock.
how's your mom
Our ABX cakes with maple syrup will melt in your mouth!
watching T.V. eating pizza #atthesamedamntime !
Allright universe I'm putting it out there, the Schwemers need a place to live.
You missed some great lamb chops this morning !
we sure don't! Only one life:)
Don't u love when u get a pay increase an didn't kno it tell u checked ur bank statement #GoodMorning so far I Love My Job
Lost salary and fines are not equal. You know this, Mr. Rovell.
“: Child Development <<<<<<<<<<” HATED that class
Singularity? Multiple prosthetic bodies? Wow. Crazy...but wow.
RT:: Great article from about former #TCU lineman Marcus Cannon. He finishes his chemotherapy treatment this week.
one more month till graduation!!!! <3 :')
No problem! Loved Caravan & B2B and this just builds on that! Can't wait! Glad to hear full 7 min edit & see TBD tour dates too!
it got a little windy didn't it? bummer for me too :-(
A little I love Lucy before bed always makes me sleep better.
I'm like Tim Wakefield in the sack - wild, uncontrollable, but still kinda shitty.
I would love to see a day when political discourse can become much more civil.
Silver springs!
David Remnick about to speak at the Daniel Pearl Memorial Lecture
Raise with AQ. Flop 863. I cont bet and get pushed all in. Down to $5K
whhhyyyy thank you! Have a wonderful New Years :)
My teacher looks like s fruit lope
Preemption Debate #3: Label changes undermine the FDA's approval process
“ We have too many AIRPLANE MODE Christians...playing games but unable to answer the calls" - Sean Smith
RT : How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a BBQ?
HAHAHA MY CURRENT JAM STARTED PLAYING WHEN I WALKED INTO H&M!!! "Glad You Came" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> Thank you H&M.
marylin! I miss you! I hope everything's going well and good luck!
hahah you saw me at a weak moment I couldn't walk up the steps I had to save my energy for the test...duh.
I have this weird urge to put my ass in a large bowl filled with peanut butter.
Diet Mtn Dew baby New York City <3
#nce11 ravitch: school choice sees education as a consumer good, not a social good.
It is probable for there to be a dance with life, a innovative response to its innate boundaries and difficulties.
Just upgraded to Business First Class... Not a bad way for Norway to send me on my way home. ;-)
app: a traveler's best friend.
How many e-mails do you get a day? E-mail expert Nathan Zeldis says a typical worker receives 50-300 e-mails a day! #TweetUs LIVE!
me and girl in date yah:)please don't jealous:p
I hate people.
...we're out of beer. And I don't feel good.
forgot my name in the 5pm news...figures...he still thinks I am some sort of an intern here.
What a place... I checked you digs at the lodge, and it was quite impressive..
Surprised the officials don't take this fumble away from OSU.
#LIS768 I like pepperoni on my pizza
lol I was confused. Thought I was spotted haha
#Money and
me too. Lol
Oral Proficiency Testing with an Interactive Avatar completed by Erica Gumieny and myself. Amazing technology for testing language skills.
Bought a kitchen table with four chairs on craigslist tonight for $40... what a deal! Free delivery!
Take the time to be appreciative for all of the blessings in your life & more great things will flow to you.
Last night's performance with was off the hook! Thanks everyone who was there to support us!
Goddamn, I dunno if I'll make it through this last class
All you have to do in Rachel World is relax and...
can't seem to sleep. GAHH!! what else is new? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Haha yes!!! My life has been fulfilled!!!!":)
Wall Street Journal names CBRE #1 in Best Real Estate Brand For Reputation.
I am getting excited I keep refreshing I dont know why this excites me. probably cause I am at work 497 Followers (3 more )
I downloaded the app for the first time just now. Any other suggestions?
imrunning with serena
A relationship w/o trust is like a phone w/o service. And what do you do when you don't have service? You start playing games.
#peibud is a great hashtag, makes for some interesting puns
lol i'm not i'm not
Bill's comments are a direct contradiction of the athletes and celebrities of his time who spoke OUT - Belafonte, Ali, etc.
Um, you hope?! You know! It's AMAZING! /via Thanks so much!
"Fuck, I did it again." "How do you still have grenades?" "I die a lot."
My niece is dealing with middle school drama. Her friends are lying & causing issues. Gotta keep my cool.
I may think and talk aboit it but i dont fukn do it
throw my dollars up highAnd they land on the stage you dance on We got company coming over Would it kill you to put some pants on
I was wrong about everything and I feel bad o:
You did alright though--grabbing J. Jones and Manningham. I thought abt taking MM myself, but already have Nicks.
There are even websites that will pay you to read emails
your really cute and you sing really good ;)
oh my god... Hahahah that's scary
Agree RT : #USMNT lifeless, lacking creativity, stagnant, boring. Passed three games, never been so bored watching the team.
O that would be fun :)
I'm happy today is been such a nice day and I just love this cool weather here in ABQ.
Lets turn it up, turn it up, let me know whats up. Dont just stand there girl I gotta know.<3
The clap
The Vandals picked up a kid from your area. Matt Neal, 6'4, 255 pound defensive tackle/offensive lineman from Merrillville, IN
Studio refresh underway... what colors should we paint the Studio?
WOW! RT Publicist Kristen Foster says singer Whitney Houston has died at age 48, AP is reporting
RT : So excited about my most recent stop motion project - a sweet Valentine for Check it out here:...
Hey McMahon what did you expect? Made a fortune & now got no $ left so you gotta try & sue cuz you're stupid...
Korea vs. Japan in the WBC tonight...anybody else going to watch?
Do you know how many Kwh your refrigerator uses in a year?
All that's solid melts into thin air is a must see. Experience as new media at the new frontier in park city
I usually mix wedding cake and chocolate. It's so good! And then I put a bunch of random stuff in it lol
Dude wanna be friends again and im not california :)
my two majors have been ranked as one of the most useless majors. i'm looking forward to proving them wrong.
he is pretty handsome, isn't he? ;)
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! I love the work you're doing - many thanks!
good game last not man enjoy seeing u get better and better every game man
I wish Chris would wear his hat more. He didn't wear it at all at concert on Wednesday
In the war between cats & dogs, cats definitely win when it comes to interwebs dominance.
What is ? A tool that matches artists with underutilized spaces #artistcitizen be part of it for
f* you, f* him && his whole damn spot !
I. Hate. Being. Sick!
Come on down and join us for Summerfest. Antique cars, shopping, food and Henna tattoos. Great fun!
I have always enjoyed your live tweeting of class but even more so today for its communication purposes. Thank you!
Also why did Tebow have to win last night.
lol your welcome ,:}
": Getting ready to leave so the gorgeous can cut my hair. :)" whoop! So pumped
These queries are INSANE!
It is bad that with all these holiday sales all I want to do is purchase things for me?? (my xmas shopping for others is already done)
IM me when you're home / when you get this. :) gotta figure something out for this weekend!
ally you abandoned us...you need to skyPe a nigga or something
Running late , only b/c its Monday *grrrrrr*
Can't wait for the Superbowl to start, I wish I had money on one of these teams so I would care who won but I don't. Still the superbowl
I didn't even get any yet -___-
Now drink up, if you know what's good for ya!
Is the #socent #impinv community too insular? Absolutely! We're all just talking to each other, search the hashtags-nothing new
Remember when we were friends...oh wait...
not sure if we can officially quote this one - but last night a poet told that it might be his new favorite album to have sex to!
Introducing my Son to Stevie B on Pandora while vacuum.
k-thrift stores in SF w/my daughter-anyone know any fun ones?
y? Thing is wen did he say it? Wat proof?
'every move'.. I hope that helps. best wishes.
Thank you for following us. Will be sharing your great tips with our friends & fans!
HAHAHA Thank you! At least there's one around.
yes you do...
Yes we all miss the chatroom but is up come on down
the stories i'm being told; can't make these things up. yikes
I agree. Ha. Crazy ass. Congrats to graduating though.
RT : Chicago tweeps: Have passes for Chicago screening next wk of TIME TRAVELER'S WIFE to giveaway--watch my blog tonight!
" A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere." thought of you when I read this. Thank you for what you & do.
Nearly all participents in "united tools 4 schools" have responded. Lets get the one stop start for schools live soon!
Don't you wish your school cancelled classes for two days and had a carnival, comedian, and band come?
bad girls club on!
How many times have you been invited? 0? Oh, okay...just making sure. Don't think it has much to do with cursing, does it?
so its starve>chicken quesadilla?
he is promoting a new shower gel, doing an event with him on Wednesday
downtown and in need of coffee, try more local flavor at Cafe Lulu, Tabac, Coffee & Art, Warehouse () & more!
i hpeu u git better soon
ok back home again another fast cup of java and another cold but yummy poptart back in the car back to the crazy shoppers
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 31
I'll go
When my T.V. shows end I don't know what to do with my life -_-
Anyone heading to the airport around 5:30 give or take?
Step boys are gonna have to battle next week
Two new artists want to join the #HockstarPresents Team... Its decision time boys, concall on Sunday
Oh my god! There's nothing to do.
I doubt I could get them to the village... But could try...
Pretty cool movies. Had no idea this was available Watching Saw 4
Wow, just found out it's against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA. Guess I'm never moving to Nebraska!
Spent the day with my childhood and still current best friend
“: Jam out for the sippi girls tonight!!! #loveandyvelo #rockonbaby ” always!
hey ari! Hope you're having a lovely day. :*
Anyone have info on what exclusives Capcom is bringing to #wondercon?
Eli to Ballard for a 1st down!
Hey ! That's awesome! Was that at Blarneys?
Night I'll Dream of <U+E231>
Publish your inventions ASAP, creating invalidating prior art (going forward). "WikiPatent" would kill off next crop.
thank you!!
I am concerned that no 2012 tour dates have been announced for Bob Dylan. The Never Ending Tour must go on
at a data integration conference and discussing the broader concept of digital libraries... it all seems to come full circle.
Major confidence boost in spanish!:)))
I didn't know if I was doing it wrong or something. I love my bag, I even took it to a 40k tournament.
#HIRING CREDIT ANALYST in #Clearwater #HOTJOBS send resume to kimberly[dot]
I can dig!
Hey errbody, Twitter sure shows how good people are still around!
Thanks Kristi! Sorry I missed you!
2 bags of fluids later- I hope to go home from the hospital. Colitis or something crazy like that.
paparazzi EVERYWHERE!
The president was with guys who may have paid for sex with underage girls. We ask the nasty questions: was the president involved?
SEO Tip: Links can get titles, too. Not only does this help visually impaired surfers, but some search engines use them too.
If I was at home....All the projects I've had in my head for the last two years, and drink wine uninterrupted :-) You?
The Ferris wheel is going up in the Quad!
I'm making changes to a project that I last touched 6 mths ago. Distance makes me really see the things I should've fought harder for.
Thank you! Still looking for suitable side chairs, but it's nice to have something to lounge on at last.
What were you in town for?
Thanks for the follow!
Lol at night though when its dark, you're like fucked x10.
Morning Fam. Let's go git this. IT'S OUR YEAR!!!
“: take me with u” I go back to work at JC Monday not the club my foot still healing..
idk what you're talkin about <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I miss my Bestfriend .
Orange and Blue baby...you know I like that, haha congrats!
Thanksgiving buffet reservations are coming along nicely. I'll admit it's my favorite Holiday Buffet by far!
Thanks to our new followers last week (Part 1):
If I were there, you and I would sing "Total Eclipse of the Heart" tonight.
#sfsmells 18th & valencia at 730 am: fear, loathing, and bike parts.
let me guess, little boy with magical shoes morphs into superhero cabbie?
Charge'n it to the game sucks, move'n forward with a new perspective doesn't
Look for reruns of my interview on The Weather Channel. Travel insurance for hurricanes.
Maybe we'll meet at Walgreens lmao ;D But for real, we must (:
Smokin on that sour diesel its unbelivable..Momma say leave weed alone but I think I need it thoooo.
Your Place in the Marketing Mix - Business Insider
haha is that like quilting or something?
We do too!! RT : Haven't tweet'd in a couple days... been super busy.. Smokin' Hot Aces is SUPER fun.. LOVE LOVE what I do..
Change your thoughts and you Change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
i just keep coughin.like wtf
Keep in touch. With-in 60 days I will be sharing my Food Supplement@ High Fiber Cookie Mix.
Thanks for adding me and following me! :)
Young The Giant pandora station >
Shit happens sometimes that makes you think, what the fuck am I doing with my life cuz it could end now...
Ugh; OK
couldn't agree more..
And they insisted we refer to defecation as "going poo-dookle in the pu-dunkus."
I was all up-to-date, not blaming, just seeing what other people like. Love WP.
Yep-_- I'm in my world history class
Your friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you. -Elbert Hubbard
#StopKony #StopKony2012 this guy is the lowest level of human being possible. Spread the word and have him stopped!!
Please, specific details--why is it kicking the can down the road?
Well, here's a mention!
Next week I'm go'n traditional with "High Sierra" & Spike Lee's "Miracle at Saint Ann's" Started reading Pauline Kaul. Like!
an athlete can't just decide to transfer & be immediately eligible. Family needs to make a physical move & there are other factors
“: #Aries are the best friends you can get.” recognize
What do you do when you have few common interests with team members but respect them all very much?
happy mothers day, i love you mom c:
Amazing smile...I see an Aquafresh commercial in your future, maybe a commercial for an edible lip balm designed for nibbling too
haha! I know! I have a few but that's my fave!
Today I'm doing some very delicate VFX of a cosmetic nature on a body part that is new to my list. You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
Business or pleasure? I've done both, had more fun on the pleasure trip though ;)
Good Morning! Rise to the occasion
Latest issue of Wired on iPad has a bit on one page where you can play localized oinks. I guess it's 'groin' in French.
The mask on "Scream" looks like it was based on Joan Rivers face...lol
Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up. -Galatians 6:9-
Thanks for the follow:) Wishing you
TY, Miss Janice! Happy Mother's Day (and hey to Miss Coco Chanel, too!)
sometimes but you there to push the speed so I manage out good
Hmm.... Calendar shows Friday, my brain keeps thinking Saturday.
It's time to come clean. This collective bargaining nonsense is all a clever distraction.Really boycotting to celebrate National Tequila Day
How 'bout them #Lakers? Crazy game last night! Think they'll keep their standing?
sure sounds good
There is a higher court than courts of justice and that is the court of conscience. It supercedes all other courts.-Mohandas Gandhi
Yes!!! And we have to have a warning on the front. "Caution: May get Salmonella and/or diarrhea"
If a girl walks are not painted - it means she has a boyfriend and he loves it really))
i love this ''RISE ABOVE HATE"
SIRENADE (Definition) To send out a song or songs designed to draw in and command the attention of a specific individual.
hahahaha That's hilarious
i guess..... *confused face*
#infographic - the wealth gaps between whites and minorities. bit.ly/rqxrTF
Such is my influence on Xmas that we're enjoying bagels and lox before even opening our presents. Happy holidays!
So thrilled strawberries are coming back in season! :)
Today is #dayofhighered What is doing? Changing textbook publishing, reducing student costs, freeing content for professors.
. how did I miss this?! Discovered his writing via & would pay to hear him read his grocery list
You're so awesome! :)
See? they know!! RT : We appreciated the growing support! Please follow for more information about the opening!
This sounds like a good plan RT: Would it be weird if we just all moved in together so we didn't have to live apart?
Thanks for the RT, Lisa! I appreciate your support.
Thanks so much!!! So glad to hear it!!!
Lakers can't score
Is the iPod touch problem only with the 8GB or also with other sizes?
well it looks like i'm going to see on saturday thanks to ! who wants to come? anyone? bueller?
I appreciate that a band called can actually dance
CST's suck...Algebra today.. -.-
Thank you!!!!
It's been a crazy day!!! Hope everyone is having a wonderful Friday.
Our egos can get us into a lot of trouble by convincing us that we need to be right all the time.
where are my #NewYorkers at? lets follow each other hit me up #bronx #brooklyn #queens #statenisland #Manhattan #Harlem #BX #YO #NYC RT
RT : I use OneNote almost exclusively, & find it's a great way to organize everything. Multiple monitors helps too - ...
Terrificly warm ovation for all nominees, who will receive their certificates (aka stunning little piece of bling) in 4-6 weeks!
Happy and rainy Earth Day here in New York City.
Sometimes when you think your doing it all, your not doing enough which mans your doing the most.
That is fine with me!!! Anything that helps bring equality!!!
i know
Thank you for the RTs #CompSea12 ... Let's take it to #TheNext50! cc:
Watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer with DAVID BOREANAZ!!!
and you do it so well ;-)
Hey fans, charles here. There is a zombie attacking a friend in your group, and a horde 15 feet away comming toward you...what do you do?
Sleep Well Friends! "A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures in the doctor's book." ~Irish Proverb
Stormy Monday
i thought so. Im armenian. Not too many of r type in r sport.
Does anyone else think that Taco Bell commercial with the group of people driving cross country for a Dorito taco is fucking stupid?!
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going. -Ralph Waldo Emereson
Happy New Year, MVPs!
I can now say that I've been in the same building at the same time as Michelle Obama. No sightings thought.
“: Pygophilia is a condition in which a person gets sexually aroused by the ass.”
sorry don't agree!
Jr. Hoffa don't sound like his Dad, I guess the 7% union workers do all the work in America,93%don't work
I am a winner! I won $3 on Mega Million! Huge!
I give it all for my girl. I hope she sees that.
Damn...we jam late. MT. AIRY, MD TODAY!! AUG 19th. BE THERE.
I'm not going to tell you, because I don't want to encourage them.
The are playing the #Cubs tonight! We suggest you be there.
I hope you bring a gun to the fight ight?
u r to cute
I just have to tell u I Love You!!!!! U are the BEST!!!!!
Stay strong in your weakest moments
bonus. :D
oh yea!
We're going to get them, GO BLUE!!!!!!!
Can't wait to watch Floyd mash Cotto tomorrow night -
you have to be sometimes....
more like 50% will like it 50% will hate it. And 100% will b hammered by 10th pick.
Your blog was screaming "noob!" Much better now :) If you want to do more design work, just tweet out. Plenty ppl to help u.
To the person who works in back & has nothing but negative things to say when you come to the front: please stop.
Please join me in a shout out to a "Very Happy Birthday" today!! :)
ohh those are nice. I have a hard time pulling off the high tops though, make my feet look even more ginormous lol
Thanks a lot :)
I hope you are using those Django libraries wisely, not making apps people want to circumvent. ;-)
Tiger & Woods tonight and Tiger Woods playing today....
Oh yeah... now the nerves have hit. It'd be nice if I wasn't such an anxiety-prone individual already.
yes, its b.s. when the largest food seed company happens to also be largest pesticide producer.
you look gorgeous!! And I love the dress! :)
haha love you ash:)
are u getting me or what
you talking to me?
that would be cool!
Gators coming through with a huge game when they needed it the most. Fun to see the O Dome rockin! Wish I was there!
not sure... depends on if someone asks me or not and if Isabella is going with someone
More member
Hey what dose RT mean ???
Always a good thing.
I would have come but I don't know the new manager!
there are stories on there.. dayton kicks off ncaa has info and we have reporter over live now
Updating my Apple TV to the latest iOS
We support and promote Practitioners of Holistic Medicine as a whole and becoming more prevalent and a stronger force in healing our society
aw you suck
we should talk
brotha i wish i could add you as a fb friend now but i'm suspended for 18 days and 9 hours.u got 17 hrs
Find the happy hour nearest you... www.gotime.com/mobile
that's what's up
timing is everything huh..... i forgot the past and as a result ended up drained
studying for finals and can't wait to be done
a fave hotel. R U staying there? Great rooms!
what's going on with your defence. Second goal was just luck on our part.
Listening to the now off the air 103.1 The Buzz that was out of West Palm & is still online. Makes me realize how much I miss that station.
pictures sent!
I got da team on my back, doe...
Thank you for the RT!
We are the change the world is waiting for.. We've got a love the world is desperate for
#whatonearth are you talking about? :)
haha Austin and Harry are really skinny though..
you tweet a lot..... Good thing i love you
hi, i don't really know you but, you're cute.
thanx for the follow and add on fb!! have a gr8 wk!! :)
Im at a payphoneeee!
happy birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
very similar to TO's catch vs. GB in the divisional round...
oh please you're a natural! Everything is fantastic with me and I hope its the same for you! :-) Tell Mike I said hello.
Feeling real bad....wish I could fall asleep
hmm...dare i post the unbandaged photo...? tempting
i love isushi! It is right down the road from our office..went there today for lunch
Just watched Rio for the 100th time with my daughter, #Brazil looks dope even on animation.
hey Ira
#honestyhour I'm excited to finish my songs :)
I wish you'd makeover my dad. I wish I had your fashion sense and could do it myself.
"you need this song." on to the next one by jay-z
Same to you. Everyday. Keep up your great work and mothering on the campuses with love and brilliance.
Walmart is legit the best place ever<3
yow i m a badman you zeet mi don't take chat from no body
2. I think I'm going to make a table of all the individual claims, resolutions - de minimis, failure to prove ownership all interesting
You can't always get what you want, but if you try sometimes you just might find you get what you need.
So much time and so little to do. Wait a minute. Strike that. Reverse it.
Hey Ke$ha please follow me! I' m a big brazilian fan & I love u so much! Please make my dream come true!
Huh? So conference finalist last season + 7&2 so far = One Trick pony? Really? You just can't win with some people.
Trying to sing just like another artist is like being a carwash in Seattle.
So what is the Big Picture .. Gang Members .. AKA .. Frats, Sororities, Clubs, Societies R conditioned not 2 turn other in .. so *Shrug*
Just tapped Great Divide Espresso Yeti Imperial Stout.
Just arrived at President DeGioia's Christmas party. Bracing ourselves for the cutest display of kids smearing icing on their faces ever /te
Hope you had a great day! Happy Easter!
Maybe I should go on a diet. Eh. Maybe.
! RT : Looking at Arianna H self portrait. Aren't we all evangelists? If we don't propagate our beliefs why bother thinking?
and be safe and have a great trip! I love you guys! #roaddron #travelbuddies #burnitdownagain!
Check out this event: I Love Wednesdays - Club 23 on 2012-01-25
probably not lol
It's funny how a news segment has multiple guests, and they argue over TV. How foolish.
lol u should have told her u only growing up
oh damn. homie know my last name too?! Gotta get outta Augusta yo.
Increse these quick snack foods/side dishes in your diet. high in fiber!!! carrots, avocado, prunes & oatbran!
Follow me back please
Speaking of WAWA.. if the planners are looking for another Philadelphia landmark, they need a WAWA down there. Not even kidding
The hawks and knicks putting up points today.... still 10 min left & its already 99-98
Thanks for the follow Mr. Young. We appreciate all you do for #Marquette and teaching the next generation. On
I'm shaking in my pants! -Brad lowenstern
Thanks for the RT's and helping us spread the word about our monthly video contests!
QISA is closing at noon today! Happy weekend to all.
yeaa Im grounded till monday ..
Love new guys, Fine If Burnett goes, want Hughes to get another shot but Garcia deserves it & came back!
Hehe, it's a good thing she's so cute because she's also quite mischievous ;-)!
Goodmorning Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers out there and to the fathers that play both roles
I love www.YourVersion.com, especially the Iphone App, it's a great service! Keep on rocking! :)
Need record. What's your plan? Heading to Avalon then shit show. I will be there til wajeed. Wajeeed!!
So true!! : As a #Leo,You love people or you really dislike them. There is not much in between where your feelings are concerned
you're welcome(: &' thank you <3
that is one cute kiddo
what was the name of those food dudes
awe I'm sorry, hope you're okay!(:
You've sunk to a new low, low, low, low, low ...
can we meet at ur place? can ride with me
damn im hungry
he will figure it out
NO WAY. I know what I'm doing tonight. AND MAYBE EVERY NIGHT (for a couple of days before I get tired of it)
They might be right... parents know most of things we don't know.
He says it was an airtight container. If that were true, it would have killed the dog.
getting drunk at jons with my boo cody and alex :)
were you able to get it to work?
Me, too! Especially when it's not associated with severe weather!
RecCon Note: much reseating activity for Ravel's Daphnis and Chloe Suite No. 2
": IS ONE OF THE BEST MODELS IN ORLANDO, BOOK HER NOW! SHE IS PRETTY, PROFESSIONAL AND RESPONSIBLE!!!" <3
Everything's fine today, that is our illusion
#cleanintimefirst but What's the move tonite?
Launching brand stands new website next week tuesday! I expect the entire network of twitter to check it out. That means all of you! :-)
Law firm librarians- if you are in an AmLaw 100 firm & just went through a library consolidation, I'd like to talk to you. Thanks!
this crazy kid just said he did 2 jello shots before he came to ochem discussion. hahahahahaha what a winner
I know it's impossible, but i really hope that time can rewind.
Ah, I have had two dinners the last two nights in a row. I am way too full.
ask about who he thought I was when I visited him backstage at Hair in like 2001...
I'm so excited! It'll be embarrassing if my drawings do not improve.
ya it would and o ok
Do you think she would accept? she's so busy she can barely tweet :S
Take the first step in faith. To maintain your balance, the rest of ur steps will automatically follow
Due to a Mothers Rebellion we will NOT be opened this Sunday for Mother's Day. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.
I had an interview there yesterday!
If Bubba Watson doesn't win the Masters, I'm going to eat 10 cupcakes and die.
can't wait!
« I got this sweet mother song playing dedicated to mothers. Happy mothers day screaming on top of my lungs lol»
Dear lord! RT Congratulations to this afternoon's 50/50 Raffle Winner who won $26,670!
I'm so excited about our trip to Nashville tomorrow. We will be packaging 50k meals with Forest Hills Baptist for #hungrykids on Saturday.
you think if I offer to sign a 5-year lease, my landlord will give us a rent discount? San Francisco's rental market is crazy.
You too!
Watching on GMA. Geez. He's so GORG. <3
-pokes nose- boop
I want to reinvent public bathrooms
Line dance lessons at Uncle Mick's in Jupiter 7:30 tonight. See ya on the dance floor!
April is National Minority Health Month.
My Friend:" who is your fa- "Me: "case freaking closed!" My Friend: Bu- Me: "EHH SHUT YOUR MOUTH I LOVE DAYA.!"
Nothing for BreakingBad? Fuck the golden globes
- glorious sunshine and delicious burgers!...with deep fried pickles of course!
Earthquake training/drill? Really does someone know something and is not sharing?
Is this true about Steve Jobs? We are freaking out here!
It just may be a lunatic you're looking for...
should i give up? should i let go?
Google Drive was released today. I wonder if it's going to go kill a bunch of bad guys while wearing a cool jacket?......
next weekend!! 10th and 11th I believe!!
I have a full sized bed but i have never slept in the middle before..I feel like im obligated to stay on one side
Calm down about freaking drama ... Enjoy life ! <U+2665>
Its swollen but not broken. I hope it heals soon
what's the issue with HOV this morning?
we're in a good place. show is looking great. it's nice to feel something when you watch a show. doesnt happen often.
... You sir are crazy ;) lol I tweeted the thing about the AC at like 9pm yesterday XD
already did a one interview with a Seattle radio station. Trying to link up with AP in Ohio!
Thanks for the info. :)
It's 3am the infomercials have begun to play I'm 3 feet away from the tv but I'm to lazy to turn it :p
he has a very particular way of looking at things / speaking about things - he called himself a subverter tonight :)
I wonder if Scott has a twitter! I would totally follow him!
thanks kid
Please, somebody fix the audio!! Drivin' me nuts!! Is everybody's telecast messed up, or just the L-ville channel?
I'm off to run in the annual Super Bowl Sunday 5k race...I love this day!!!
Thanks for a great few days of thinking, learning, and sharing.
If your going to the #NAIAS check out Somerset Collections's, #Detroit Shoppe and purchase something to show your #Detroit pride!
ALEX IS AMAZING ALEX IS AMAZING ALEX IS AMAZING !!!!!!
jake, you know I'm not comfortable with you uploading a picture of my father..
I live that high life
Just got home from seein my nephew
It's 9:30am and I'm craving a shirley temple,
He asked a girl if he could sit next to her. She said, "No." So he said, "I thought this was the cute girl table." She said, "Yes, sit."
We are, each of us, angels with only one wing, and we can only fly embracing each other.
Who drunk all da Kool Aid <<
Yup, change the signs.
Yeah Boston yall got this game win this & the next three so I can get yhis 150 cash money lol
Prosecutor's office says Officer Moore's family wanted plea agreement
Hi Rachel. When did you get on twitter? I just noticed.
Omg this is TORTURE.
#MM thx for sharing my #music. Happy Monday!
I just don't think coaches and/or fans always understand our jobs and our situations.
we're on in 20 minutes, hope to see u here. (lol)
I'm no poser :'( do you think I'm a poser ?
Alright everyone #technori pitch! If you wanna say hi, is sitting on the left side. You'll know her by her hair. :)
Castle Island here I come!
I can barely name any of their reg. roster.
i think dark purple
Thank goodness. Learned how to use a sunscreen and full-coverage foundation together that won't look ashy.
I would like to bring back scented handkerchiefs. Sometimes you need them.
There is no funner place during an ice storm than The 5 Point bar. Huge drinks, great food, a wide variety of loud, shitfaced people at 3pm
I need to be checked for ticks
Love seeing students on the #ww18 feed. Please share the lines that speak to you most. Be positive, too. You're a part of something amazing.
can you fly?
I call the IRS and get all dirty about how much money I'm gonna send 'em, and how I don't use write-offs, and how I'm going to audit them.
Let's get crazy at The Door tonight in Dallas! We play with ! Doors at 6PM, $10.
Getting harrassed by creditors? - Call us - We Can Help! - Free Consultation - (909) 890-0105 -
#WeWontWorkOutIf I don't get that SPECIAL feeling when I'm with you.
Perfect! Message me! :)
winery industry is poised to benefit from an improving economy – and fine wine sales are forecasted to grow by 11-15 percent year over year
hahaha I think David is too...he was craving those oreo sticks last night and we ate Lime Sherbet with Choc, chips lol!!
Skin Cape: A Goosebumps Musical
hi,why are you soo cute?<3
Check your DM! :)
My parents didn't go to college & weren't big readers, but my mom took me regularly to the public library. Changed my life.
Hi, How are you? Please add me on the FaceBook. Thanks.
yes indeedy come on down girl!
AC Milan vs. Tottenham - WED at 1130am
We're about to hear boss plus chief editors talk with Knesset members
Clever RT : Reeeeachh RT : Tell me more. “: L.A.K.E.R.S = Losing And Kobe's Even Really Sucking”
Here we go #NY to
Yes, we do! Which, shows us both that we are good hearted people.
liberals just DOWNT GEYT IT! Being rich is hard WORK!
Thanks for reminding me why I can't trust people.
No complaints at all! It's awesome to work for such a great company. I still want to catch up soon!
Thank you!! There is always something good to eat in every corner of this neighborhood and you are always welcome! :)
R U sharing..LOL RT : Stopped at chick fil a buy one get one free
we are so happy you came back! Glad you enjoyed it! :)
RIP one of the greatest linebackers to play the game Junior Seau
sometimes it takes me a while
A true friend >> RT : You are an idiot. Stop while you can still dial a phone. Then call a friend. Or a taxi.
IT GIRL
How was everyones day? (:
Hm. Maybe. I'll be pretty late by then and quite uncomfortable but I'll keep that in mind. :)
Tummy time is important in strengthening shoulder muscles to manipulate the hands. Do it everyday at the same time for your growing infant.
Tryin to figure out which one you might be on And why you dont love me anymore
ooh that sucks
AAU and other sports I miss it man love you!
Thinking of the lives lost on this day and grateful for the ones still here. Miss you Lori.
Go BIG BLUE
Gov Chris Christie on Piers now . watch political touge of war. wont answer question on Warren Buffet
3rd week in a row that Google+ iPhone app has asked me to sign in again. Get a clue! No wonder no one is using it. Too high maintenance.
Today is World AIDS Day. Join the 6:30 PM at The Church Within in Fountain Square for the #Indy memorial. Get tested. Remember.
Can U $ay #Rollback via CSU Trustees Cmte vote unanimously to freeze taxpayer $ to Prez salaries. .a constructive step forward
We thought we had it bad with those wooden spoons...
Happy Mothers Day to all moms:-)
My pick for the Super Bowl is.........Eli Manning wins ring number 2! No just kidding :-) Tom Brady wins ring number 4!!
JT is still way more talented, FYI.
Educator: "community investigation challenges for her students have brought PARENTS into the equation!" Mom (and dad) want to be involved!
RT : Best game of NFL season. Broncos- Minneapolis. Period.
I have a desk top haha so let me clean up my apartment first
Weather sucks ! Xbox 360 rescue my life! chillin
Its funny & sad to know that you never know what you got till its gone. And if you ever tried to get her back, its already too late
Thank you guys so much for the support! we are 10 LIKE's away from reaching 100, keep spreading the word. <3
Enjoy this week cause it goes by so fast!
Saw Breaking Dawn 7th The First Time Tonight It Gets Better Each Time
O congrats!! That's great news! I know you're going to do an excellent job. I can't wait to read the articles!
Dirk, I agree. DSM is used at least as much for who and how much will be paid to 3rd party as it is for diagnostic purposes.
Video shoot
no seriously.. She is now separated from me by her request.. We are oddly civil people...=)
watching #suburbgatory hilariously close to reality
oh exuse me let me make an appointment
in the house! Thanks for following! Check us out for Gi's, rashguards & bjj accesories!
Space is limited for the 2-day intensive for the May'12 BCBA exam prep course! Email us for more info @
Oh yeah! #BrowniePointsForYou! Lol --": I hope the celtics lose."
Who cares.
C team jv and varsity soccer game today back to back against oak park! Everyone be there!
YES!! This just put the BIGGEST smile on my face!! I'm heading to Target... Lol
keep your head up, stay hungry..!!
the mustard yellow one :) i think im going to get either teal shoes and accessories or peach.
Someone is going to go on a trip! RT this to be entered to win 2 tickets from and It is warm somewhere...
yes Follow :)
Shitt just got real
ICONic Boyz : whats their favorite kind of chips and their favorite song rite now? Shoutout to Bethel from Chicago!! Please
Fun Fact: By some reports, a band of fyfes and drums can be heard up to 3 miles away over artillery fire.
Not saying they aren't a great idea - I'm a big claw/antlers guy - but the shirts aren't exactly stellar on the aesthetic front.
Well it's about time.
bitch please you know any jitney numbers ???? Lol
r u really single
Looking for a washer and dryer. Anybody?
On location all day at the ADDY take-in. Come by Cox Media, say Ello & drop off your ad swag!
just messin with ya..
New Nissan lineup coming to Briggs Nissan Lawrence boasts fuel efficiency
LOVE the self-checkout. I've done retail, so I can relate.
you here?
After my last two weekends, the asceticism of Lent really appeals to me
I was assuming cos your last tweet, & I wanted to make sure ._.
My phone battery has been on 20% twice today.
He was better than Madonna. Still a sucker for Bono's flag lined jacket.
Grove needs volunteers 2 pour wine 4 the big Great Grapes Wine Festival in CLT this Sat. If interested, email
likes to live dangerously, we love it! Got to have guts for a move like that...
It isn't that you can't find content, it's that our students, even skilled students, aren't *able* to find it.
If I Die Tomorrow I would like for Austin to know that I love him so much.
Very slick and all Sinatra. Wish more CL-based tools had similar back ends
Happy birthday to my brother.
I think Bashas is hiring, I might apply there :)
I got you covered :) PUGS RULE :)
LESS THAN A WEEK UNTIL OUR FIRST DAY OF TRAINING!! GET EXCITED!!! :)
Found my pilgrim s&p shakers having a tea party with elephant, duck & baby deer this morning in Myla's room. As guests. Not as s&p shakers.
Feeling tired..Listening to Cody Simpson..bored.. BLEH P:
go make me a sammich
We have our friday! is joining the collaborative,
Just got back from school…… finally, but I actually arrives like 15 min. Ago. I made 4 keeks at school my name is
will you be my valentine baby? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Hill was fouled at the 3 point line... Wow.. Miami refs ignored that
fridays at 6 pm
I think you will never change and that's the truth.
God is good! I'm well.
RT : when you have to start a statement with "i'm no homophobic, i'm not a bigot...."
The other powerful Disney duo are Mulan and Mushu I think would be similar. :)
Apparently Friday night is a good time for #pianochat! LOL...
I'm watching Coming to America starring Eddie Murphy. I've seen this movie hundreds of times & I still laugh.
no problem, anytime<3
#BreatheRight Nasal Strips r #LifeChanging when u have been congested 4weeks...so no need 2 ask me if I broke my nose the next time u see me
#DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me? 8
About to finish reading "A Wrinkle In Time" on my BB. Laying in my honey's bed without him. Making chocolate pie tom. <U+2665> Off tom.it's am ...
Its okay..I believe U <U+263A>
I'm meeting a friend at 5pm Monday, but have the day off & thought we could go early! 3:30ish?
Lmfao I'm still laughing
is it bittersweet being in and playing in your home state NY?
I like both, sweet words and actions and I'm a real woman:)
Still high bidder on that Rapunzel? :D
yea everyday she does
Axl Rose won't allow Guns N Roses to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame because 1st they need him to watch Smash with Slash
Rihanna's #WhereHaveYouBeen video is sexy.
YOU NEED TO GET A MUFFLER!
I feel like a sexy beast today.
what's better? Nothing. Thanks for your help tonight!
Category 14 winner is Day Of Honor, Comcast
GAIN_Fact: 56% of workouts logged in our app are done at Home or On-the-Go. What was that excuse you had about not making it to the gym..?
I WISH AUSTIN ND ALEX WOULD FOLLOW.........
lol, what u know abt that?
I can't believe it's Derby Day! I've seen every derby for the last 18 years...
Great job! Great job
"Girl You Wanna Come To My Hotel, Baby I Will Give You My Room Key." ;)
this is why I love my church. hahahahahahahahah
#Str8LykeDes... Dang am I hungry or just thirsty....
Drowning by #avicii will always be my favorite song
Just waking up! Felt amazing to finally sleep in a bit! I'm so over this 12 page annotated bibliography!!!!
Indeed I do! Such a fun company to work with. Would you like some samples?
so weird!! how did that happen?! RT : really ?! it only took you how many months? :-)
Staying here in Lubbock make me learn to love country music....
thanks for the blog post about 8 Chains in Loudoun Co, Va. Great start for this vineyard!
You'll get it soon :-)
Your Saturday night: Just getting the party started or chillin at home wind down time?
Leonard Cohen's new album is fucking amazing.
"We could have been so much more in another life," she said. Does that mean that this life is nearly over? Please?
Bobby Brown Tells 'Today' He Didn't Introduce Whitney Houston to Drugs - Wall Street Journal (blog)
Sometimes I see "Farrar, Strauss, & Giroux" and hear "Farrar, Strauss, & Guy-Rocks" and I laugh. Then I think of Tom Green, and I cringe.
Just watched Tremors. Brings me back to my childhood. Oh and his perfect hair! -JO
Thanks...for the RT about the radio show!! :)
if I pay for an app I expect to see no advertising. Bad UX.
Mia Rome. I just love Mia Rome.
thanks! It was a rough labor & delivery but the outcome made it all worth it:) hope your baby is doing great!
where my real MCs at??? i need y'all at my #OPENMIC this Saturday at it's #FREE...all you gotta do is bring your music
Don't belittle me or treat me like a baby. I'm capable of holding my own. Believe me I'm going to end on top.
Baby you can ask me to take a break, I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say.
umm ok? idk what u mean how do i not?
it's crazy - and with only 140 characters it's natural to gravitate to shorter words, oh well!
thanks for another great visit - they are always thinking more creatively afterward!
also, BANANA
aaaww baby you want me to come some I can drop some of my best lines on you...i been wrking on same too
LOL.Nice. Haha Maybe when I can actually record stuff.I wrote something this weekend.WaNt To ReAd ThE cHoRuS? ;)
you and are hilarious!
Follow our new Hive NYC Portfolio Strategist!
I'm sorry, we must have gotten messages mixed. I have loved the Yankees my whole life. Why do you seem mad at me?
Melo takes shots away from everybody. Isolating yourself on the elbow isn't going to get it done.
"Cookie Monster likes lettuce. And cucumbers. He really, really, really likes lettuce. And then cookies."
Doing hoodrat things
What a sweet age, I loved my daughters at that age.
re:reformers: They need new VISION. Until they set the bar higher 4 themselves & children, they will always fall short!!
lmao all except the baby! Its gonna b fun lol
#poem When your daughter forgives not only the man who brutally raped her at age 5, but you who married him, how can you wallow in guilt?
thx for that
ooh golden grahams! i suppose i shouldn't leave out apple jacks and cookie crisp. cereal buffet please and thank you.
So I've managed to stay up all night and I didnt go to bed until 12:30 last night
Have so many new painting to put on etsy, but the site is down :( Guess it's a day to get out in the sun after all! :D
Rites of Spring will screen at Cross Roads Film Festival in Madison MS at Malco Theaters on Friday the 13th! Stay tuned for release dates!!
ah poemas album is out on itunes!!!! itunes.com/poema!! get it get it get it!! :) :) :)
New pic published: Portraits of New York More About The Karaoke Club Boho
and mixes the best milkshakes!
Intel lands Atom infotainment deal with Nissan: The chip giant says it is working to extend consumers' digital lifestyle from home an...
Highly recommended but addicting cupcakes
oh my! Ok stay away from my sister Mister! Lol jk
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
welcome to the Elite Showcase Basketball Classic (ESBC) family
Watching The Announcement for the second time tonight.
Ceddy looking strong. Helping the Monsters kill these penalties
guy who yelled at me"would you like to donate" and he said "no,dont shake the can in peoples faces, be nice about it"i was like lol, uh whut
Your very welcome!
are you related to anyone named Helen?
#cody what's the craziest thing a fan has done on tour so far? (:
I Did
the middle of the field is always open! We can't stop a nose bleed on this drive
shiiiieeet you better <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> RT “: aha but of course, I'll be hitting you up soon :)”
I miss you guys so hard. Hug it out.
Happy J5 you goin to the frat house?
not same team tho
I LOVE when I get a surprise visit from Paul!!! :) aw :)
busy planning an adoption event, learning more about pet foods and treats...
and now starting QB for the Denver Broncos.....John Elway!
We hope the kiddos are excited to see their new toys arrive by motorcade :-)
jesus lol it's 7:30 on a wednesday night!
Field of Dream Cuts
Great thought! I would also add "do for yourself" which can be time to reflect, volunteering, giving the gift of yourself
Great night at the Union Club including renaissance architectural drawings and a private tour of the Delano and Aldrich masterpiece
My financial analysis teacher just passed out in the middle of lecture. Don't worry about it. Ill b the only one to jump up and catch him.
Beat St. Thomas!
The pleasure was all ours. RT Just had a lovely dinner with 3 lovely gentlemen.
out of alligator?
Why can't pixie dust be real and dreams come true.
i may be the first person on earth to fail at the
At the #ifc house. No pretzels this year?!
Headed over to the track today. Do you have any Derby picks for us? Mamma needs a new pair of shoes.
Butts doe. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Flaw bitches these days
love you! Hope you're being blessed! I sure was!
You're a little more than what I'd call amazing.
LMFAO---U think everyone is a creep tho
,All the Liberals/Progressives will be there to rally around him
Thanks for the love!! Happy Friday :)
Too much shxt been happening to me !!!! My little brother grandfather just passed away :'(
You are the result of 4 billion years of evolutionary success. Fucking act like it.
Was it you looking in the mirror?
Long time darling. How are you?
GUEST OPINION: Drug use, abuse or addiction? - Wicked Local
how did the screening go. Next time lemme know so we can coordinate something official.
Thanks, dude! Shaky high fives! Someone suggested I take extra magnesium. Apparently that can help?
I thought the same thing.“: On the bright side, Keith, you're now a full-fledged member of the new SAG-AFTRA! Too soon?”
same same. Haha(:
I expect more emails from you. I've only gotten 8 today.
The World Will End When God Says So. That Could Be In The Next 2 Minutes, 2 Hours, 2 Days. When Ever.
Great pictures. Thanks for posting them.
I'm tired as hck and colf this is not a good combo
good thing I got new tasty goodies in Germany!
LMAO THEY PUT THE SAUCE PAN ON UNCLE SIMON'S HEAD
Best of luck to you!
#notalone by #darrencriss seriously is the best song to hear before you go to bed. Nothing can keep me from loving you and you know its true
Lecturer also talked about the lack of protest against the NHS bill.
thanks for the follow, Bruce
We do (informally), but we haven't seen it. We'll keep our eyes peeled.
Awesome. Good luck with the launch!
lets paly a love game
Anything in particular that you are thankful for this morning? We are thankful for a great weekend of rest!
Just got responses to my Letter in the Mail. Amazing how much trepidation attaches to handwritten envelopes....
Finally getting results from all this healthiness in my life
damn ur hot
Good luck to the Red Sox. Friday 13th home opener. It might be their lucky day.
Fear can keep you prisoner for a lifetime... And for the most illogical thing. Fear doesn't need logic.
Perfect game is gone. Now break up the no-no.
Done in Indy! Chi-bound, excited for show Saturday night!!
Ironically, he could have been Bulls PG next year with Rose out to start season. Crazy.
ause i am turkish girl haa??
Yup, It does feel great to wake up with a W in Canada. Congrats! Now on to Portlandia. Please WIN meow meow meow
Shorty said she ain't a dime... Real women don't carry change
your eyes are beautiful. <3
Had a delicious bacon, brie and apple jelly on croissant for lunch today! Yummy!
Heading out for the "E" marketing & commerce conference, discussing new trends, etc....sharing this info right here at 7pm est. Be Here!!!!!
heading downashore for like 6 hours :P
is this what the twilight zone is like?
Going out with grandkids Z and M. The party started!
totally appreciate the RT!
Nicole Allen is a rock star. Check out this SlideShare presentation : t.co/39NcFycl
THANKS! Spread the word!
Winter Weather Advisory for #RVA! With warm temperatures over past few days accumulations should be light and isolated to grassy surfaces
My girlfriend just asked if Boston was in Chicago
that's a good plan... However, that doesn't help!! Lol
I wouldn't blame you. Though we are having some fantastic weather right now (in between Spring winds and Summer heat)
Love it! Cant wait to see the not-so-little-guy!
its is what is your favorite skillet song :)
Thx for supporting indie filmmaking and all the amazing artists who made this movie possible!
Yeah it's not like other side isn't going to use every tool they can lay their hands on (real and imagined) to take Obama down
Me, too. RT : You know, one day, I might break the 1K follower mark. Today will not be that day. But one day.
thanks for helping us raise awareness!
Gosh, sometimes life can always seem to be a huge test.
Haapy, happy birthday !!!
Damn I feel like superwoman right now. I'm an editing machine. Time to finish my Field Project for Urban Politics!
Is that like a zorro. lol
Ugh i got a BAD HEADACHE
The Jaycee Dugard interview is insane. People are sick, stupid and shocking.
Don't u have something better to do oh wait..... U don't have work or school so I guess u don't lol so of course ur going to tweet about me
I really dont wanna be at school right now.
yep in 4 days I will know!
well go translate it genius .-.
Wow just to put it in perspective only 2 of the 11 Colts offensive players are returning from the 2011 season Linkenbach and Wayne
This kid at my school who is freakin sexy and another kid who is freakin sexy too kissed my cheek today then my bf saw he wasn't happy!
if you don't stand for something you will fall for anything
LOL! RT : i have ONE INSTAGRAM and ONE TWITTER; both are ...dont follow the frauds. those bums.
We've been fighting 4-5 months to switch visa categories now; we have to do it from here (Stateside). Our flat & jobs are on hold.
Visit us online at www.vancouverwahotel.com
then what's wrong.
American president openly supports Gay rights, and I woke up this morning and the republic is still here.
In wake of CIA thwarting (another) underwear bomber, TSA must be tempted to put out "This is why we have to touch your junk" release.
Thanks s.s.
indeed-- and my far less analytical takeaway is that pws seem to spend more time on the beginnings of their plays than the ends!
Any update from Belmont?????
<3 RIP Steve Jobs
That thing when you walk by a White Castle on your way to a party...
The only way to avoid criticism is to do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing
Streaming is not available due to the weather. We will keep everyone updated.
You probably are trying to figure out how to do it....
I don't care wat u do like I said ur a grown ass man if u wanna drink then drink :)
Do you remember your uncle's BBQ or your grandmother's kitchen? Did you have late evenings grilling and hanging in the backyard? We did.
I noticed something different about it, but I wasn't sure what it was!
Making notes for the rewrite, but happy with today's progress.
Get it in TY. Let me know how I can be of service with that promotion aspect my man....
#incollege u eat ramen noodles daily
I need someone to talk on the phone with... Bored
I write these rhymes for Facebook and Twitter. Most of them are thought up, while I'm on the...couch. Free delivery from Typhoon with...
The big c is probably the best show on tv right now
You can't have your cake and eat it too....or can you?
7yrs old and thinks he's king.he's Bummed I don't have any samples in his size. He'll grow into the 32" shorts.
Alex Smith should get paid... in Miami.
I luv that rap by biggie that when rap was decent and made sense
got a #fishtailbraid ;D
My comment on your image size post was flagged as spam by Mollum - probably because of the use of the word Free. :(
Music playing in the lobby of the Westin in DC was Jerry Garcia & David Grisman's Shady Grove nice selection of welcome music
me too! :D
I hate my housing community. Another 3am fire alarm pull.
If we deny love that is given to us, if we refuse to give love because we fear pain or loss, then our lives will be empty, our loss greater
Thanks for checking...learning lots and having fun doing it so be ready at dinner to share!
Just redeemed gift card for massage...only my 3rd one. It doesn't suck.
#NoOffenseBut you makin all that noise with your bag of whatever....needs to stop
WHY ARE YOU SO MEAN
": Summertime in Boston today? I'm not complaining. #thelivinseasy"tru that girl
Any feedback from today's DTC luncheon with speaker Kris Staaf of ? We want to hear the highlights from those that attended.
Hey I'm looking forward to baseball season this year. Wasn't necessarily expecting that.
Virident Systems to Demonstrate How Flash Storage Can Streamline MySQL Performance at Percona Live MySQL Conference ...
We clearly don't want it as bad as they do it seems... Hope I'm wrong.
is should be and thank you for the birthday wishes :)
this man get a Bond when he killed in cold blood but Boosie still in jail with no Bond and has no evidence dirty dirty world
#thatthingyoudo movie night
bitch yo ass knows what you got into now you gotta pay the price...
Being well begins from the inside. Wanna change how your body looks? Change your diet and increase your exercise intensity! Live long & well
How could we forget Sinbad's sick post moves in Houseguest? Believe he fucked around and got a triple double.
I'm searching for tickets and googling how to get to NOLA!!
I need #NewJersey #Energy clients!! DM me if you can help! Please RT! :)
I still hate you for that stunt you pulled last night.
Wondering if someone could join us for an interview on Please dm me an email address for more details. Thanks!
What you want me to be mean well then fuck you to, don't say I'm goofy ... you don't me lmfao
Who will have more wins at the end of their season: the charlotte #bobcats or the denver #broncos?
Hologram Tupac ": Who should my 3,000th tweet go out to? #Hm"
#PdPlus call w/ starts at 1 P.M. E.T. - Dial-in: (712) 432-0075, code: 336319. Don't miss our chat re: personalization + democrcy!
yea I am !
Pinax is good, but its going to have to change a lot with django 1.4; and I think the advantages of django 1.4 are probably ++
Don't tell me I can't build rome In a day just cuz he couldn't do it.
Getting together would be great! Perhaps next week.
blasting xo by in the whip. such a solid traq.
Jeffrey Pfeffer's slides will be fixed once the presentation goes On-Demand. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Let's grab a beer or go deer hunting sometime soon!
Props to Andre Iguodala. Stunk from line all year. Came up big from line late in two games.
But you two are the superstars! :)
not at all!
ya well when my mom mentioned the anniversary, the fire alarm thing went off on its own, n it was on the dresser not the wall
CuteZine: Cute Products! Hello Kitty Mega Bloks @ the Warehouse ...
No you're not
Pathetic #Caps player laying on Chara's stick so he can't defend on a play!
I'm pitching against Memphis today. Come out and watch
i came across you profile on linkedin, are you looking for geat people to to promote nike?
moms music ky
This crazy rain is making it real hard to get out of bed and be productive
aw sad I didn't get to say bye :( best of luck with everything and merry Xmas!
I've listed last years injuries already on here, let me know if you'd like me to do it again ha!
GOOD MORNING TWEETIES!!! What is everyone doing today??? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Thank YOU! We had fun, so glad you came. P.S. You inspired and I to host a social media dinner. Expect an invite!
Best of luck next Monday, Karla! Can't wait to watch you on Vote for Karla!
“: IDGAF = I don't give away food.” except to charity
Just checking, Friday is crappy food for dinner night, right?
Spent the whole two days moving out of warren. Wouldn't have it any other way.
Prayers and hugs. <3
The Beatles have created a musical legacy that lives on. Can't wait to see the movie!! It would be better with you.
KC needs a hockey team!
where ya lookin to move girl? You should check out Mint Properties they have a bunch of apts in different places!
Still itchy?
well I'm gonna try and get some sleep talk to u later?
ah I wore the same shirt today also :D
What could be better than watching cheesy old scary movies on a rainy Sunday morning?
:O ": After 244 years, Encyclopedia Britannica ends print edition. Honestly: Will you miss it?"
Do you still do app reviews on your site? You've been focusing on wallpapers lately
I'm not sure yet, did get some new page likes from you. Thank you. Today is plug your business day on our page.
To the Top of the 4th... Pirates lead Washington 3-0.
Many of my students consider rainfall to be a valid excuse for missing class. I do not.
happy birthday !! have an awesome day :)
the first step is admitting to it
Since women I grew up&since some1I been talking to,doesn't want a steady relationship wit me.
Have I mentioned that I HATE take home essay exams? BOO
um, i wanna dm!
Tomorrow night - d.b.a. New Orleans at 10pm
Lender says u hv 2 b behind in #mortgage pmts? DON'T BELIEVE THEM! Call a #housing counselor or a CDPE / #ShortSale agent.
Three ACC players chosen in first round
Maybe you are talking about ?
It is the chiefest point of happiness that a man is willing to be what he is. - Desiderius Erasmus
Oh, wow. Yep. I can see that you have quite a vendetta against them.
it's not an all-or-nothing proposition, IOW. We can't do everything, but should lean towards both/and, not either/or.
So true. Can I blame my sciatica, then? And the wanting to be a mom? :)
Hello, and welcome to the internet.
do you have any colleagues/friends tattooing in the Houston area you could recommend?
and I hate when I have friends over w.o a nap cuz then I just want them to leave
I LOVE YOUR TWITTER WALLPAPER. And, you were awesome at The Townhouse. New favorite person. That is all.
Provided that your car doesn’t bottom out on the frame and leave you seesawing at the door. LOL
apparently if you dont attack a spider during the day it wont attack you so during the night you better run!
You think it's funny to be rude but it hurts my feelings
If he dress like a gap model
One more beer please
10 minutes #Gophers just 10 minutes
Thanks for stopping in tonight and !
#OSM Board lacks trust in Industry and those willing to help, some with good reason to be reluctant but this must change
Remember, anybody’s chocolate sweets will become one of the superb sweets with the Warrior Whey™!
really?! Wow good luck and have fun!:)
is a real ass female that demands respect follow her for motivation....
Watching 'Think Like a man' you are so cute !!!!!!!
*Sings "ice cream paint job" in my T Dawwwwg aka voice* RT : go hard in the paint.
oh.... I see. It's a 968pp book! No wonder! I'd wondered if it were an e-pub endeavor at , but I see these are really long.
I'm in. Whew.
. Thought this essay was just excellent, Joan.
Do you have more followers now?
What is up with Good to Go? It is been like 2 or 3 weeks with no new episodes. Don't be like NBC and cancel stuff in its prime
5 day school weeks are so stupid. -_-
thanks meg love you!
leaving for Keith Urban tour Sunday.. gone til April 4th... what a fun experience! i'm anxious and excited!
POWER - playground equipment hot cold therapies
Little known fact: you're allowed the reward of bacon on #meatlessmonday when it's snowing & you're the only person who trudges to work.
I don't think Dali has a Twitter. He can't really see over the mustache these days.
People all should shazam
Not all lessons learned have to be from a negative experience
The Graph, the personal newspaper(newsfeed), the social platform...bring these tools to any software on any device
LOL!!! Can I play at your partyy? Are your grandmas bras still hanging on the close line? ;D
I bet no one has friends like mine. Love em.
KD at PSU: Everything you have made for us is amazing! I hope you can Thank you so much. I look forward to hearing from you! -Testimonial
: I miss Dunkin - there isn't one in Neb.
muji? really? kudos to wal-mart for the keen eye, but unfortunately this means my affair with muji pens has run its course...
Jordan says she will ask for a "special administrative partner" to address grade issues
No i despised it too
schedule time to write, time not to write #USC #Writers conference
Lakers refs hate harden
i #two words outta that. lol.
Thanks 4 everything u`re doing..you`re an awesome fan!
lol You actually work there too? I thought you were like Flo from the Progressive commercials. What time u open til?
OMG that was stressful!
Thanks for the follows &
is so charming and quite a musical genius. I also find her to be minty and refreshing.
hey I hope you follow:)
Just drove a BMW for the first time. (:
I just spoke with Uthoff. Nothing earth-shattering. In fact, I'm more confused than ever.
Import training! (And I'm the trainer!)
Ima Miss you to.
like what state
" I love you dramatic pose for you twitter head shot. Very avent-garde, I lika a lots.". Stay yourself and always be original!
I would've responded sooner except I fell out of my chair.
thus is the reason for birth control and safe sex.
What is Twitter for if not to promote your amazing friends?
I'm already a regular! The capri sandwich on french bread is my FAVE... I heart Mellow Mushroom!
Funny Insult: He is the kind of a man that you would use as a blueprint to build an idiot.
holographic fist bump <3
- "aspirations" me - well someone swallowed a dictionary....
Clients can be pains in the butt.
Just stop
Getting home from a 14 hour horse show and competing in the dark...
Act I was awesome!!!
Everyone is getting a shout out from Rick Santorum... Now, !
ugh !!!! bein sick sucks
Glad we could help Tracey!
Wasn't expecting to get home and see Chelsea up 1-0 on Barcelona.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 19
#lsuau LSU defense holds the war chickens to a fg despite giving many gifts from penalties. LSU 7 AU 3
despite my pending date with NYC Transit Court, has me in a good mood.
Watch Tamaya on KASA Fox 2 NM Style talking about your concierge service in minutes!
hey big bro I love the commercial ....
I look so damn weird in my picture...
#YOLO is so fucking annoying. We obviously only live once, no need to say it every 10 fucking seconds.
Reliable, professional, fast & affordable. That sums it up for Official Moving and Storage! Rates starting at $70/h for 2 men and a truck
Humans hate change
Why are sunny spring days Led Zeppelin days?
Spring Break is almost Over! :| #GottaEnjoyItWhileItLast :)
Today marks the first time I haven't been able to wear my wedding rings. Got them on a necklace instead.
Where's my friend?
Attentn,New Followrs:Ur on my "ADD LIST" as my 'Follow Limit' allows:
perfect! Thank u :) xx
I like how both the exams im taking today give me permission to cheat.
I love Tokyo. The FASHION/service/FOOD/cleanliness/manners/culture ~ everything is a dream here. Beyond happy to be back!
I wish I had a talent.
congrats on being fotm!! (ik im a little late xoxo <U+2665>) i bet you were sooooosososos happy when u found out it was u!! :)
I'll dm it to ya
I do sound white though
We have sponsors!!! We are going to Europe!!
When we had a basil plant, we'd make syrup and have basil lemonade all summer. :9
i got mine...thanks!
Downloaded interesting articles to Instapaper. About to board BA 48 to London
Going to Jersey today to do a commercial for a sushi restaurant. Yum...
The #Colts had to go and ruin the one remaining smidgen of suspense at the top of Thursday's
NO JUSTICE, NO BART protest outside our front door tonight. We have $5 Jager Bombs and 2 Long Island Ice Teas for $7. Happy Hour 3-6pm
I'm SO lucky I found a great opportunity. I'm sharing if you're interested.
never did like that dog
I cant keep waking up this late
Bike Bikee Bike riding, 110 is just fine.
" Why the hell am I watching a movie about a bunch of scuba divers getting trapped in under water caves?" Cause Ur Precious?
#music is the way of life.
DC Metro keeping the Green Line running until 1 a.m. for #Caps fans in #3OT heaven.
I am the truth and the truth aches to be fucked by lies. /via
USA up one-nil on the Italians about 12 minutes left :-)
#NP Climax by Usher
However many ways there may be of being alive, it is certain that there are widely more procedures of being dead, or rather not alive.
on the phone thinking about what it could have been
I always wonder what the diff is b/w a "slender" novel & a novella
I've missed you too, my dear! I've been swamped at work so I don't get to Tweet as much as I'd like. Blessings, dear one.
That sounds like my dick. lmao ;-)
This girl can really eat omg. O.O
Big studio emailed me today and asked for my library - they're pursuing me now!
you mean swamp!! #Ludlow is the country lol
We're looking for a 4 year old African American boy to play himself in an upcoming Oral Health Wahi. Know anyone?
'You are asking me to revisit the...'
Some people are stupid as fuck.
is dead
Running errands ..feeling productive
Here's the person who created this dance crew, can you help her get followers? :) it'd mean a lot!!
That's a relief -- I think we can all agree that "wankchop" would make a pretty terrifying verb.
I really hope this is my last trip to vegas ever.
One thing we know about the eventual Bulls-Heat playoff series: It's gonna be a good one.
Hello how are u? Abbey
Welcome back to twitter! If you are now ready to learn the twitter... and are great teachers!
877-cash-now
Thanks for the great story on !
We have 1 copy of Voodoo River. Large Print. 93 circs.
April is Volunteer Appreciation Month. Thank you to our many volunteers - you are making a really big difference for our students.
LIES LIES LIES!!!! Lmao just bullshittin
yup yup! !
Here's to speaking from the heart, quick thinking, maintaining control, a bit of luck all of which led to survival many years ago...
TOUCHDOWN Green Bay Packers!!!
Got Bitches by the pair
Thanks for the #FF!
I find it sad when people don't listen to music because they're afraid of jumping on the bandwagon. Listen to music you enjoy.
Your parents have been eaten by cannibals!!
just tried my first toaster strudel... so damn good!
happy birthday!!! U should do things different this year and buy me something!!!
hm... I don't know if I should. I think you need to convince me to get it ;p
I can't stay out too late tonight because I have my first lightsaber class in the morning. This is all true.
When you feel like you're running out of blessings to count, start counting every breath you take!
That is
Congrats! That's awesome.
When was the last time you felt like you were on top of the world?
What good songs are there? It's about time I get new music on my phone.
good question.. maybe dads planning family vacations? and moms - superbowl is one of the better times in sports to reach women
girl we better hang out this summer!
Anyone following the new ABC movie PAN AM? Were the pilots in the 1960's really that young? Look like they just out of high school to me
New England is the only place that have consistently delicious Dunkin stores.
Train hard, Win easy <U+E022>
wait. what is this?
Madonna should lip synch to Clint Eastwood
“: Hearing Maryland is offering to pay Ralph Friedgen in Chipotle gift cards.” I'll sign any contract for that salary.
Thanks! We're excited about helping #entrepreneurs young & old get funded!
Everyone is gluten free on Passover!
I know! She pretty much already told us what the exam is.. No need for class.. unless we can do the paper tomorrow
who was talk bad stuff about me????
Excited to kick off differentiated unit using the Livebinder I created. My version of the flipped classroom.
Laughter is the best medicine for them who do not know how to laugh.
It's Sunday :(
it's Just twitter but wit pictures only.... It's straight real talk
is amazing.
I would say that mkting is a huge, time-eating challenge, especially if you're doing it alone. Should really be a team effort
SEXUAL ASSAULT IS BAD, unwanted touching or kissing is considered sexual assault. Get consent.
U wanna b a friend of mine? Fine bring me an asprin the size of rhode island then we can talk
Thanks to & for the #FF props - right back at you both, & we also throw in our UK colleagues
Psychoacoustic: processing sound waves by the auditory system to extract usable information 4 the brain, a process commonly called hearing
#TwoThingsIWant a money tree, and a dude to get right down to his money, no if , ands , or in-betweens.
I'm still playing catch up in the spreadsheet mines, so I'm gonna get some work done.
tickets go on sale Saturday!!! I cannot wait!!
No interest in 3D Hugo?
Thanks for all the recent additions lately, will get back to you all shortly. Synopsis written for our Game/Book, will post soon! Stay tuned
Can't be mad at that finish. Welcome back tevez and nasari what a class finish
nope, no idea what any of those mean. Now fixing a wireless network. Much more my thing.
Ah! ::gasp:: the opulence!
I can feel silently judging my lunch purchase.
For that Tricia woman I FBed about this morning
we'll see... its raining in the Albany area til Wed ...
When one person continuesly sends you tumblr anons. Please stop stalking me
come on...when will you visit (waiting)
I heard from that Tito gets canned if Red Sox don't make the playoffs. Could it be true? via
my phone was upstairs sorry haa watsup ?
If she takes you to Maguire's without you asking #DontLetHerGo she's a keeper!
oh what lol ?
Got the guitar pic Santana used last night. I'm debating between framing or or playing with it...decisions, decisions. Brain overload
#PhrasesIWishWouldDie....#Yown (definitely should have faded along with the summer) lol
February is discount month..save $25-150$ off All our services this month only. SEO packages start at $200 Custom Websites $450
On the way! “: can you bring caculatora to room 411 for testing . Please”
Not sure Danny.. we focus on CHSAA sanctioned stuff first and we are short staffed so prob a long shot :(
haha did you find it at Walmart? or is this still your old way of making iced coffee? lol
Thinking about getting a Mini convertible, any opinions? How is the insurance?
2+2 app :*( aside from that though, ICM Cruncher, Bank of America, Paypal, Chinese Poker, Chipotle, facebook messenger,
It is necessary to have the ManCity blue on today
Lol its just business don't take it personal
what? Tell us more...
": ": I steal 's RT's and tweets and sometimes put them on facebook...xD #secrets" #SecretsOut ;)" love you
Who likes our new icon.???(; <3
Thanks to e# (& elliott sharp trio) for "satan sandwich." Now that's a way to end the day!
Just stung by insect, plant, arachnid walking back from yard setting swing up 4 sitter. Stinging nettles, that hurts!
Thanks to volunteers Jean & Judith for spending the chilly morning in our kitchen making fresh pasta for Chef John's homemade ravioli!
“: 4/20 is Hitler's birthday you ignorant dumbasses. It shouldn't even be celebrated”
I can still smell him on me. It reminds me when we used to be together ...
Pillsbury Winthrop is said to be in merger talks w Fulbright & Jaworski. Full story on DJ online.
. if i didn't have to write during lunch at this conference i would definitely meet up with you
Draw One Card is proud to announce that the 2011 Debut EP, "Complaining As An Art Form" is being printed and pressed, Get your copy 10/21/11
what you talking bout bro?
#YouKnowShesTheOne When moms actually is approving of her...
RT : TOMORROW, join Mohamed Nasheed & Jon Shenk for a Q&A at after the 7:50 & 10PM shows! Get tickets now:...
both amazon and barnes and anoble selling it at same price.. and free shipping on orders over $25 dollars
thats absurd. one of the most legendary tftc movies.
ppl that tweet faster then they reply to text >.<
Avon marched in the parade. I'm a proud alumni :)
hey you guys know about 1025 live right? Big concert by the capital. Thousands of people
Moving and shaking
“: Watching 03 Mules Highlight film... #glory ” one of my favorites. That was a great year!
love it
u like first pick? Always thought bad to pick dookies. They don't do NBA well. Minny getting a great player
didn't get any. sorry
Started off the day with McDonald's breakfast, some Starbucks, perfect start to a day at Willy T
ah We Love One Direction is trending ^-^ very true indeed x
Q: What's the longest sentence known to man? A: I Do.
Making use of downtime on set!
got quick/dirty lesson on virtual server setup. lunch now.
The excitement is good and contagious.. The impact on student-athletes is priceless, as is the networking and experience!
Why should 8 million sacrifice for 32 thousand? NYC bike tour. Ambulances stuck, missed flights, hundreds of miles of traffic burning fuel.
I like that one! "Be nice to archivists, they can erase you from history."
I saw a new article that said they were in process of changing recording companies and MAY work on an album. They just took a break
: RT : It's not everyday you see #twerkteam so why not take up that opportunity? #EndlessMusic #TwitterThursday ...
Another W for spartan softball! I really believe we can win district! Going to marshall county tomorrow for another victory! #gospartans !!!
Can't write need more dry erase markers on the dry erase board shopping list when the dry erase marker is dry.
- Next week = Hadouken; The following week = Horyuken.
You must have been here before, this can't be your first time.
Thanks, Dana! I'm looking forward to your AAM talk & meeting you in person :)
Happy Easter from Blowing Rock NC, we're on day 12 of filming MANDIE and the Cherokee Treasure. The locals here are very accomodating. Woot!
had my first papaya today! so yum and apparently super good for you
RT : CONTEST: Remix a song by feat FS grad & WIN $1K, Beats by Dre & a release on
Money in the building ! #Floyd !
hey, did you make a video? I was looking online... ??? Hope all is well!!
Thanks for the shout! :)
is That Which I Should Have Done But Did Not Do more or less regrettable than That Which I Did But Should Never Have Done?
Looking for Art Directors with A #MMO Experience for opportunity in the Northeast.
hi! We write songs off peoples rough ideas! submit lyrics,poems,journal entries to
it's my pleasure...let's find a cure!!
Mine arrived today...loving it!
I LOVE STEAK!
Just because you can't get any doesn't mean you should hate on people that can.
Man my boys getting it handed to them fa real
Dude. I haven't checked twitter in ages. You can see my bathroom when you come over before our show.
If I'm slurring my tweets for the next few hours it's just the anesthesia for the dental work. Really.
waah i miss my phone
Thunder won! Night twitter <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Of the top 10 most popular Youtube videos of all time, three are Justin Bieber videos.
ain't nobody talking bout u stop assuming stuff....
"A person that is not educated is a blind person"
You know yo ass is ugly when you the one always asked to take the pikture lol
Just experienced play a really nice set at The Ottobar
Throwing down vocals for "LEFT" tonight.
for sure!! It's hard to believe sometimes how much I'm taking out from the original!
If you smile at someone who seems down, and you know them, spread the happiness.
At the dealership. LOVEPOPS delivery truck wouldn't start this morning.
That's so Darius
Donald Driver has had the same kid for a number of years. Donald looks for the same kid every year. It's really cool.
I keep a few bad bitches in my circle
Are you racist?
the smell of freshly cut grass >
Saw an amazing business card today, designed by Leah Brinkley for Carbon Properties. Nice work Leah!
Hi Sam! Miss you!
agreed! goffman should be required reading
The Scroll is 120 Feet
Just noticed I had my headphones in with no music on. I don't remember when I put them on though.
BAHAHAH i was watching that before xD
trust me I asked everyone. They are afraid that they might might kill me because I'm so skinny and they are all thick.
": It doesn't impact what happens on track but you cannot help but notice the empty seats" Resurfaced Bristol ruined that place.
fine fine well compramise
I just tried it because everybody picked squishy. I've only played ranged AP, so it didn't go well.
YES! RT Next time, I'm totally proposing a session on serendipitous discovery.
Naw...it wasn't my muscles its my dislocated knee caps :(
checking out some stock charts- lot's of interesting stuff going on in the market in traditional and growth names- Didn't even see Tiger
Cant wait for the season and the Tide duo on the left side
Montana is awesome
Working on the Country Showdown Country Music Talent Contest. Wearing my cowboy hat everywhere to get in the mood.
Now comes the part of wrap where I get insanely drunk. Have a great night everybody!
excuse me ?
Hey are you workin camp???????
'Trustworthiness is part of God's nature, so your faith in Him is never misplaced.' - The Ways of God
Go Fawkes yourself!
Craving ginger snaps. But not enough to go out and get them.
TIVO'd on Rock Ctr. Saw SM & Steep Canyon Rangers in summer. Wish Brian Williams let him play banjo more. Amazing!
Happy Diablo's Eve. Yes, Diablo is going to be awesome but dont 4get bout Torchlight II. I'll b doing some vids lookn at all the classes.
and the only prescription is...?
living life to the fullest
Peanut Butter and Jelly Bars have been made :D I will be trying some dinner recipes next.
me to lol
... I assume you mean in the stu. center?
thank you! will do :) Trying to decide between two dresses currently
Im not a hipster girl I can make your hips stir
Rod Stewart
Dang Mayor Dave Bing tryin 2 cut back on everything, EVERYTHING EVERYTHING (In Katt Williams voice)....lol
Norman Fruman, a Scholar of Coleridge, Dies at 88 - New York Times
Happy St. Patrick's Day MKE! Be green, be merry & be safe.
Finishing up making props, then heading out to pick up more props :P and to order food for the shoots..
Love you girl. Ima be down your way in a couple of weeks
and Rivera was fielding fly balls in practice, of all things.
This is so much win: RT : we are hereby declaring this weekend national bike to tacos day
I just meant at the moment.
ALL I WANT FORCHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME! NSN? 3
MAN I REALLY WISH I WAS THERE!!!!!
It's awesome how you use the "you'll be 18 in less than a year" only when it's convenient for you!
Took a picture of my stomach fpr the before and after picture
keep calm and believe in CJ!
well done my friend!
also how strange was that, i had no idea you were gonna be out on sunday--oops,.
Here comes the "OKC Fans"
"What's your take on Cassavetes?" Answer: at #noircity he duked it out with Ronald Reagan over Angie Dickinson, both lost
I KNOW RIGHT!!! So many good concerts!!! :((
Back to work in an hour. I don't think this day could get any more interesting hahah I wanna go out tonight! What up lex??
I have heard about the difficulties. Come to the iOS dark side J…
Accident: Northbound 29 at Forest Lakes South
now where was i?.
hahahaha hey now it does have some good songs on it!
I only work 5-8 tonight! Then tanning :)
Tonight is $5 Jager and $6 Liters all night long.
I shoulda got ketchup for my nuggets
damn I put the wrong one up it said I think I just farted
It's Fried egg, fried egg.... Sunday comes after Saturday... repost if you get ... Rebecca Black
goddamn I love a butter mint.
The fact that you're only 18 and showing signs of male pattern baldness worries me..
u still out? Or, can you recmmd pub by champlain or church st? Long flight, need a drink :)
it's been a year?! already?!
That is part of the plan for next year! There was a lot that needed to happen first because it was the first year.
Finally off work :) thank goodness
Who want a innerstate Ike verse? I got u for the low.lets wrk! Wats Hatnin?
What a perfect weather day today!
My Number One Girl
emailing you today about that!!
Real or inflation-adjusted industry shipments are projected to stabilize or decline by as much as 0.5 to 1 percent per year to 2020
Pepe has terrible luck to always be making accidental contact that looks, to the untrained eye, recklessly malicious.
I'm hosting free BINGO in one hour at on Hamline. Come win some prizes and enjoy some great food. See you soon!
Glad you enjoyed it here!
#TastemakersKS As entrepreneurs we need to be comfortable with failing. That’s how we learn, it doesn’t mean anything else but how you...
nothing better than your favorite song on the radio to cheer you up on a dreary day :)
RT The man's desire is for the woman; but the woman's desire is rarely other than for the desire of the man. SAMUEL COOLIDGE
<-- is this the name for your Facebook page as well? I'd love to check you out there, as well!
Going to see Harry Potter at 3:00am tomorrow morning=]
my pleasure, glad it was helpful... I went to school in Madison so their we're even fewer Republicans!
like yeah
haha its a notebook, pretty handy for laying out designs/concepts. Thanks!
My Mexican family >>>>>
you are welcome ^_^
I knew I was going to like you! RU taking notes for me? Have a great time!
Todays special! Any hot dog make a combo for 1.00 more
me gusto(: NICE!
who has the keeping secrets prompt for ap lang?!
RT: Palm Echo likes silver better anyway
Actually you know who people are saying things about? Hint: it's someone you've been tweeting up a storm about.
you are a member of the Raider Nation?! Damn, no wonder Mobile Mail is so good: Commitment to Excellence.
"In a ship detached far from superior authority, there was nothing a captain might not do..." ~C.S. Forester, Hornblower and the Atropos
My fam left to colombia. so feeling a lil blue. but happy they were here.
BALL HARD BUT CANT HOOP FOR SHIT!!!
yup...taking on the Astros of Houston
Wow Johnny
I'm hoping it's either Tony Lucca from #TeamAdam or Juliet Simms from
Ugh!!!!!:( i will so glad when school is over. I hate gettin up
Can't wait till they sell that place off....
Surprising lack of discipline from the Blues
Yeah. He is. He wants to come back by our house. We should try that as a test.
White knuckling it thru a snowstorm on the way 2 msp
RT : Sounds like Marzano gives thumbs up to inst'l coaches and questions merit pay & VAMs-wish VABOE felt same way
The weekend is here. Don't worry, we will still be working while having fun!
The things I've gotten used to living in Atlanta smh 62 degrees and I'm freezing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
yeah but memories kill sometimes, makes you sad:(
is enjoying that good feeling that comes right after shoveling snow.
Thank you for listening to my request I saw the Cinnamon Twist Challah marked kosher in the NV WF yesterday.
When the revolution comes, I hope the pundits are the first ones hogtied and thrown in the river.
swollen!! He's been hiding under the bed since....
Ordered my Droid Bionic today! Woot!
aint got time for the bullshit !
Brave heart is inspiring me haha
What the heck happened to twitter? Don't know if I like this new look!
Thanks, Tiffany! RT I love the pemco commercials. they make me laugh. "4 way stop. you go No you go No you go guy."
Yes, your 212 prepaid telephone number is portable to almost any carrier.
Seguindo de volta
sisi ma petite... Keep the flame alive.
Praise god Van crouch thanks for following me god bless you and your family :D
i need to buy your new album so im gonna try this weekend! Im dieing of anxiousness from waiting! :D
Well alright, then.
People are always buying beauty products to get rid of their crow's feet, but nobody ever congratulates the crow on his feats of strength.
That looks slightly disgusting. Did you try some?
You got it man!
Finished the last season of The West Wing. Afraid I'll never heard anyone say, "Yeah," ever again.
dude is the real life Jack Parkman
Likewise! Thanks for coming over and introducing yourself!
It's hard out there in the dating world. You get rejected, you get laughed at, you get talked about behind your back. Does that make onli
ugh I'm sorry :( I think all family's have that. atleast i kno mine is
After you tax return next spring? I'll be waiting with baited breath.
Very excited about what's going up in our etsy store over the next week!
are you ready to tinychat with me now?
Science is better than P.E.
thanks for the RT.
I wonder who showed you that;)
#icc2012 workshop attendees! Able to drive an international visitor to the UA area after the morning session? Please come to the reg desk!
Off to catch a movie :)
you have a new phone! :-)
brother. Cousin. RO. MISSING OUT!
Right?!? Hahaha (: i understand
how are you?:)
I think wants us to review his patch, not tweet about it...
This is my last tweet i promise! Iloveyou so much Kendall. Can you see this? You're my coverboy/worldwide guy!
Free business counseling is also available! Contact us 317-917-3266 or visit our office, Chase Tower 24th floor in the Develop Indy office.
are too
Girls on the bus talking about 1D again. They really bugged me. They can't say Zayn right, they had to ask "which one" Niall was, said LEWIS
when is this business going down?
What do you think about this? Watch Lady Gaga's Full Interview
i would listen to some and tell you :P
they actually don't have that down here, and the only Les Mills programs they have...Pump just started Attack launches in January
That dude from 8 mile look like Chris Brown
I wish I had Chelseas dad
So... how'd it go? RT: : Taking my very first improv class at tonight!
no no more of a bon fire...music is the fuel!!
why do people make those edits? I'm still crying omg
Yes!!I'm doing what I love. So am I being stupid when I say, "i feel like a dork that says to much & im a bit pathetic?" ~~~sigh~~~
every song is good. Great mixtape
Tim Macarver or Ron Darling?
Done with all of my final review guides. I might just be the happiest girl alive right now \m/
I just don't know-.- I'm currently on my way home.
break legs! Hope u get it! :)
All we got it memories , so #wtf is time ..?
Hate waiting: for agents with fulls and partials; the proof copy of my novel from CreateSpace; rain and cooler weather in Austin.
aye I meant to put It's just not in my blood .
let's go! now.
I have updated my avi in honor of one of the greatest men to ever walk the earth, Hillbilly Jim.
Aaron Cornfeld made an interesting point about Oracle Engineered Systems. The all-in-one system leaves customers with "One throat to choke."
I knew it was going to be a good day! I discovered $17.00 in my coat pocket. Thank you colder weather!
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities.Aldous Huxley
is tweeting for the first time
dailies watching at tonight's meeting (plus a guest speaker)!!!
Proof there are too many lawyers in the world: the Super Lawyer ad supplement in NYTimes mag is thicker than the magazine itself.
RT : The People's Library is again open at #LibertyPlaza. 1000 people here now & staying all night. Happy anniversary #OWS!
See you at the Volunteer meeting tonight 6-7 pm at ArtWalk Headquarters 119 Washington!
<------- guess who is going to be at Mutt Strutt tomorrow?? Sensei Steve!! Stop by the booth to say "Hi!" & sign up!!
Korn. Thursday, March 1st at in Phoenix, AZ!!!! I can't wait to see them again!!!!
When u get somethin u ask for, then u remember the sayin "be careful what u ask for"
I'm glad I realized my shirt was on backwards before I left the house
Kim wins and loose !!!
I don't know who's worse... Rondo fans or Lebron fans...
bottom line: we're the champs, the bigger program & dominate the series so we're not deferring to the little guys on the sched
I should have gone to that seminar on restoring old photographs at last year's Photoshop World...
Damn Beale line to damn long
Hey you have a safe and fun week end, and a safe trip.
Happy and excited to be aboard!
np! joined as soon as I saw the hangout. Wonder if there was a glitch with google; how long after u started it did i join?
im never gonna meet you. so why live. un fact... im gonna go kill myself.
ed sheeran, if you had a micro pig that could lay golden eggs, what would you name it? P.s I love you. From amber x
we can arrange something I'm gone be in rotation around the city anyway....
Breeders Cup Dirt Mile. 1/5 exacta box The Factor and Wilburn
What do you think about the new Avacyn Restored spoilers? I think the miracle concept is an interesting one.. we will have to see!
#100inningbaseball game today. Then #NCCAmarchmadness. It's gonna be a
where are you going?
Thanx for the kind words and follow.
We shot Vegan 101 series Season 2 with Eric Roberts today!! Stay tuned....
Happy Valentine's Day tweeters <3
I bought the Beatles MONO Box set today. I think this is the best way to listen when wearing headphones/earbuds. Stereo didn't sound right
You know your a nerd whose been in the zone a while when all suddenly you realize that odd feeling is hunger and you've forgotten to eat.
Sylvia Robinson~ Some think its holding on that makes one strong sometimes its letting go.
Hi-Line Mercedes in Orange is the best repair shop!!
80 degrees in our apartment with the AC on and windows open and it's only 70 outside!
2mrw is r 1st AAU game of the year. We'll focus on effort and get better as we go. I like the character of this group. I kno they will WORK!
HAPPY CANADA DAY HAPPY CANADA DAY HAPPY CANADA DAY HAPPY CANADA DAY
Heading to Ikea with the fam. Wish there was one closer, but it is a lovely day for a drive
"my dad was the expert fly killer in tep"
weird weekend, back to music on Monday morning! i have to say i enjoy my profession!
A 7am army of grass blowers hits downtown hillsboro all firing up in unison... Like no one actually lives here
We appreciate your mention!
BREAKING: Carmelo has nominated himself to be player-coach of knicks.
Happy National High 5 Day!!! The next person you see offer up one.
u said Ms Butler
-if u let me push u away then ask u to stay.. lol, you're just as confused as i, lmbo.. in the end we have each other; eff everybody else..
yeah I'm just starting to use it..
THE THOUGHT PROCESS IM AT NOBODY HAS MY BACC
attribution? Credit? You must be joking... Why would Apple ever want me to do such things?
hoq about "levels" by avicii?? That would be great, love ur show!
Thankyou for creating Big Time Radio!!!!!!
Kloppenburg has a 224 vote lead for now - but there are still 3 areas left.
all over, i got a good amount on stand by ready to get done... aha
Great to meet you too Jade! Great job today :)
Need more time? Take 2 days and keep track of how you spend your time. You'll find you have nearly twice as much downtime as you think!
You probably all know one person who needs to know about STOP THE BAN who doesn't yet. Tell that person and then tweet about it!
#Fela is a great play so far I'm loving the energy and music
which... I WILL need to get a new one soon. Mine sort of sounds like a cement mixer ;)
Vagaina jokes aren't funny. Period.
If there's a better #studystrong break than a reuben on the terrace, please let me know
Someone on Facebook needs to develop a "Places I'd Never Visit" app. There's a lot of places I'd prefer only to see on the Amazing Race.
It feels good being happy. Should have tried this a long time ago
It is fucking hot!
Go get 'em today
Congratulations to the San Diego Chargers on a huge week 3 win! It wasn't pretty, but it's still a W, and that's what counts!
Toshiba Set to Excite the Tablet Market with New 10-, 13- and 7.7-Inch Tablets - MarketWatch (press release)
Yep. Glen made me cry.
Get your LAST KINGS snapback on shopsnapback.bigcartel.com VERY CHEAP x
SexTip: Run an ice cube over your lover's body while it melts before sex! They'll get the chills, and then you can warm them up.
hi baby <3
how did they do? ehh idk haha im obsessed with top guns music!<33 i have it on repeat while im doing my hw haha
Happy Saturday- teaching a workshop at at 11am!!! See y'all there!
IT'S ABOUT ACCESS PEOPLE! I know Dr. King was a visionary romantic, but that was him, no?????
Yep, shutting it down. And you are welcome. It's been fun!
Just made my first commit at my new job. And of course it is a data-modifying sql script.
To our followers, sorry we have been so quiet the past few days. The whole team is moving on meetings, features, next steps. Stay tuned!
only some of the time. Occasionally the flat-earthers take over.
Had a great time today seeing my nephew and niece and tons of extended family members in Sussex.
I saw it, tagged it too.
LOVE YOU :)
Some days, a little thing can make a big difference. What will yours be today?
I ain't tryin to go to no lame ass party
hey, nice work! Congratulations.
About To Get Ready For Work Later TWEEPS>>>>>>>
What you know about Scarlett's? And no, I don't mean Johansson...
haha but I would only be like a little bit. Shit I need you here and valerie I only have 2 friends here
Am now less reluctant to board the #JessicaChastain train #thedebt still don't think i'll watch #thehelp though
is too busy playing words with friends to find a castle, that's what castle wranglers are for.
There are now 6 states that support gay marriage.
Hey! How are you? How's Aunty Sukai and Nene
Dobson's offers Sleepy Hollow Chardonnay.
its like a funnel cake donut or something its wonderful
people still angry following the passage of the Mining bill in the Assembly last night. I spoke to both sides today. Todd Hicks TODAY'S TMJ4
hell yea smh loaded then a hoe....no where to go ugh ugh siiiiiccck lmmfao
does anyone read this stuff? and why? seriously , why?
gotta love a job where hillary clinton rolls into the cafeteria, picks up a tray and gets in line
Glad you like it. Be sure to keep checking.. ya know.. just in case you forget!
A love story isn't a love story without the part where everything falls apart right?
That's totally an CD right behind you.... buy #AllTheWay !!!!
hey Andrew? Want to be my best friend? *no gum* I dont like you. - haha, happens to me a lot.
Remember to follow to stay up to date on the latest info
I second that!
Good luck Bea! You'll do a great job as always.
Don't leave home without one! -
This is actually a very bad practice. Google will blacklist your site for doing this. Content is King!
thanks for the recommendation, much appreciated :)
": I think I'm going to keep to myself for a little while.... I just don't get it!!!!" I keep to myself too, its healing :)
Got a Christmas tree yet, if not check out the Family Tree Farm on Pepper Dr. in El Cajon where you can pick a tree and cut it down yourself
We are you best friend until you cross us.
Happy Birthday guurrrrll. May Chris&Cena come to u in ur dreams tonight&don't forget to share the dirty details in the a.m. lol
Thanks bro. It was alot of fun and adrenaline. :) RT : congrats bro!! I heard u killed it!
Just fried 10 pieces of coney island chicken, I'm not sharing one piece
If service is the rent you pay for your existence on this earth, are you behind in your rent? Robert G Allen
Popular #Lilwayne #Liltwist .. love that song
DEF a coffee day
RT : If you'd like to join as they expand then email join(at)indysm(dot)org
I love HP so much.
And is that a smile? Haha :)
I love you momma :)
neat! never knew that. Thanks!
Yo mama so ugly when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillence cameras.
AUSTIN SO MANY PEOPLE AT MY SCHOOL KNOW ABOUT YOU NOW CUZ ME AND MY FRIENDS FANGIRL AL DAY <,3333
1/2 way through production. Day 3 starts today in Brooklyn.
love always
I'm very well! I'm originally form Melbourne, Australia but now I live in LA
Happy Birthday to me!
I hope is following because she is truly his biggest fan!
I also have a pick em league going if your intrested
Hahaha! In some ways. But I appreciate the sentiment.
Chuck E Cheese was awesome! #NeverGrowUp #Yee!
“: Oh MadMen #sogood” Pete Campbell?
RANGERS WIN RANGERS WIN RANGERS WIN! 3-2 series lets go boys
you are the best haha
Ever have those days when your glad no one is bothering you then you realize you put your phone on silent.
Where is the other'w' in #downtonabbey?
my bb is having problems also - randomly receiving email
hey! What are you up to tonight?
That milk commercial was very, very weird...
when you've got cable, netflix, hulu, and blueray disks and still can't find anything to watch .. shoot yourself (myself) in the face
Earth day is today and to tell the truth I forgot. Sorry earth
Correction* Who's not excited!
S/O to my boys and the NPU baseball team at the national tourney!!! GO GET IT FELLAS!
Eric Church! He's the shit!
Well... when it comes to my computer I definitely have OCD.
I wonder who wrote it? :)
Praying for a young lady named Stacy who is getting married this Friday. Her dad is stranded in Germany due to recent volcano.
*Incoming before the fake bands breaking up statuses on April Fools*
Safe travels... :)
You are very welcome! You wear it well!
Today we look at Delta's announcement it will buy an oil refinery, paying $150 million for a Conoco-Phillips refinery outside Philly
Saw 3 clients today; leaky windows. Check caulk around the outside of windows, should be continuous and smooth, no cracks or sinking in.
Have no idea why I'm still up... Goodnight!
i need to win the lottery
It seems that Twitter has become all about pitching something. Can't you just tell me what you're doing? I'm drinking beer.
My hearts goes out to 's family- R.i.P. <3
When your Bestfriend doesn't want to listen to you , & finds out the hard way..<\3
I can't wait! However, I'm grocery shopping at the moment:-(
I personally would like to do it myself
I'm sarcastic like that
I think I wanna go to bed now *yaaawwwnnnn*.
Any word on the sale of the Elk's property?
you watch Scripps too? I thought I was the only nerd left watching it :-o
Stay Tuned! I will be making an announcement on Saturday!
Your Welcome Enjoy Your Day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Hey there, Social Fresh. I know we chatted before about and you sent over an email address I should reach out to.
AND THIS DOG STILL SHAKING!!! HAVING BAD DREAMS AND SHIT... SHE GOTSS TO GO!!! LLS.
So, this girl She seems pretty fucking amazing.
Thanks Eli...being sick stinks !
RT : a friend is bringing over some awesome for lunch today, paired with the tomato soup i made last night *yum*!
It was fabulous. Congrats to you all!
I'll guess RT Two hours until tournament registrations open. Anyone staying up until the clock strikes midnight?
16 oz. of red bull, 2 small coffees, 1 medium coffee and it's only 5 pm. Can I get a "Lets Go!"?
Good morning young world, let's do this
How'd you know that I wasn't feeling all that young-prolly has me appreciiating "innocence"-no guile, no strategy, just experience
obviously too close, I have a huge headache from itch and him.
you are probably going to want to clear your schedule
I will work on replenishing the stock.
I'm sure we know what kind of "massage" you are getting :P *wink,wink*
And no, not "when you get stuck between the moon and New York City" drunk Dudley Moore...Arthur the Advark.
Huzzah! I'm heading to the UP this summer - very excited.
thanks sending content.
i know, right?!?! so darn hot haha
Barkley picked the pacers in 6.. At this point he just trying to upset #heat fans. I hope nobody follows his game ... Guy is a clown
At the gym..... The stairMaster is no joke.... wow!!!!
please keep it to yourself
RIP Steve Jobs :'( <3 <3 You gave me this computer :((( RIP
I love classic rock radio. It gives me warm fuzzies.
I take my #ShirtOff and all the hoes stop breathing!
evidence? Please, save your rhetoric for someone that cares. for #President to
In one year I'll be looking for a new home in Los Angeles.
TODAY I will not be the last to work and tweet, Facebook, myspace, Gchat and eharmonize my whole shift. I'll be gambling instead.
I just love the smell of the air when it rains... <3
same here in Indiana!
Yes we do!!! Its been way to long! How you been Mr. Celebrity =)
Going to walk this heathen dog to the dog park in a few...
I just found #StarWars headphones for $40 at Hot Topic. I should buy me a pair. You want one?
Finna watch shark night
Gonna see <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
My daughter Emma read her 200th book last night...this year! So proud of my kindergartner! Just last August, she couldn't read!
hey Sam it's Alex from this boy that girl. U told me to hit u on twitter. Follow me so I can DM u. Wanna show u some work
RT : Heading to Chicago tomorrow. Where to eat?? Send me your lunch/dinner recommendations! Boka on Halsted
Miss my bro already!
Only 15 more days until Beer Christmas
Be like and get your twitter mobile. Once you've got it on your phone you'll find it much easier to incorporate into daily.
they are the ones who called me unpatriotic when I asked if the govt was lying. they get the govt they deserve.
YES, GO FOR THE CRAZY COLOR! #FRESH LOL #DONTLISTEN2ME HA'
make my beats fuk wit em
Totally captivated by the almost full moon tonight. It's making me a little antsy like i should be doing more than i am now.
I don't want too! I had that yesterday! :p
“: have a question you want to ask lynne on air? call us with all the deets....800.537.5252”
F.I.N.A.L.S. - Fuck I Never Actually Learned Shit
hey u
Coffee and Advil for breakfast. But at least I'm sketching.
I'm fine. A DUMB injury! Major toe jam in a soccer game. Didn't break but was quite swollen &have only been biking since
God can use the broken.
That show is the truth though.
7.2 aftershock. That's not an aftershock. That's another earthquake. At least this one was only about a minute.
RIP Dick Clark - today we lost a legend, a force in the entertainment industry, and a real class act.
To all Humans v Zombies survivors and über Zombies, your t-shirts will be waiting when you get back after Winter Break. Sorry for the delay!
I must admit that this is the best has ever looked
So, hypothetically speaking, if I could go to Alpine would anyone be willing to lend me a floor for two nights?
Question of day? NBA champ will be __________!
Hardy har har. Says the one that was in college for 7 1/2 years
Visit us for lunch today and try a few of our lunch time favs like our Arturo’s Cheeseburger w/smoked bacon and grilled onions.
good how are you!haha
I think the bills take a big step this year
Not trying to say it's not real.
This game wasn't an Estrada problem. This was a capitalization on opportunities the last 3 innings issue
Ocean water from sonic <3
girl get outta here yours are fine
yes we will bro for sure
That's more than 20,000 thoroughbred race horses who end up on dinner plates each year.
Reagan Jr. : There is no such thing as gay marriage. There is marriage, and there is a debate as to whether everyone gets to participate.
im glad you been good hun!! i missed talking to you!! i been GREAT
ah you see what I did there, huh? I will let you know! Thanks
You are amazing. So beautiful and talented. Never give up hope. You are beautiful just the way you are.
Now screening music. If u want a chance to hear ur music on #ForTheLoveOfMusicATL live radio in ATL, email MP3 to
has that smile that can make me smile no matter what mood I'm in . <3
thanks so much for welcoming us!!! I had an amazing time in Japan! Excited to be back soon!!! Also, JR has the wifi deposit!
lets go stalk snooki guys!
if d first number is a 3. Yes
thank you so much
I actually feel guilty that I've never made a bucket list and have decided to just go with the flow instead.
Never invite them in.. no matter who "them" is.. just don't do it.
Safe trip back!
Hope you have a great time though!!!! <3
Mall tonight, hmu for plans(;
I need sleep!
Follow me Austin? It would mean so much to get a follow from you. <U+2665>
A novel should not attempt to define meaning, but to convey it through the story - and that is what Indigo Tree saw in the novel BUZZ
VETransfer has stickers!
Keep it simple
Persona definitions: thwarted! Now on to more pleasing tasks, like actually MAKING some thangs.
Steve Whitehead's made more power moves in his connectionselections that other RapTV Members should crosslink with
Thanks! Grrrrr right back at ya! Hows your evening?
Go Celtics.... Go Ray!
Nah. Dead Ass. I'm MAD.
Don't call my house telemarketers. I charge for surveys.
Guys with trucks >>>>>>
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Santa Anna!
Hey there!!! Coming to hang out with you all. How are you?
I hope Porcello goes deep in the 1st game tomorrow so the bullpen isnt spent. saves bullpens for a living.
Drake&Josh #Flow lmao
Definitely #RT socialmedia content. I keep Kosher; no use for
fly the highest mountain.
ha that's hilarious! Why not just punch them in the face??
Long trip had its perks. Spent the weekend in the DC area visiting friends and had a chance to dine with our colleagues in Bethesda!
yes, with one of the Ramones
Day0 out of the way.. Let's go GDC
My biggest pet peeve is waiting on someone else. It makes me feel like the other person thinks 'time' is more important than mine
I'm going to have to go with Dr. Johnny Fever on WKRP in Cincinnati
DO OR DIE/PSYCHO MUSIC VIDEO PREMIERE TONIGHT!
Stop by & see me at #alamw12. I have swag for the new PBS show Great #Libraries of the World. Booth
And as always, we're late.
What I love about Texas: Torrential storms one hour, beautiful sunset the next.
Like, you know, whatever
Yes, yes i am dating Drew McArtor.
You bet, nice to "meet" you!
haaha, we are on the 4th Q as well :D which day does your school end?? :]]
Business planning today... setting goals for a terrific 2012. New Theme: Emergency Readiness. Organizing for and emergency. Would u b ready?
*sings* WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS MY FRIENDS!!!!
Just saw one awful executive at one of my ex-companies give a glowing review of an equally awful former executive on LinkedIn.
sfnfnnsj i havent one in so long
Tool approach called meta management. Develo tools to empower others to make choices/decisions.
Where you at?! I'll come see you right now!
driving to school tommorow, fuck yes!
WAHOOOO I can't wait for this weekend! I miss you so much I could cry.
W/ a little cheese sauce to dip RT. M, I love papa john's, reminds me of home thanks for the follow
now that's true sportsmanship.
Good night
Sometimes I want to play a game of bowling containing my car and pedestrians.
The amount of security and secret service at the Four Seasons breakfast in Mexico is hilarious. And I thought DF was insulated from narcos!
bout to head out!!
some kind of iris
she is a doll
$60 for my cap and gown
Yoga pants are an amazing thing.
Come to #dcflacks so we can finally hang out? :)
gm boo
Justin Drew Bieber will u please follow me ur the sweetest guy I ever sen
in a perfect world, i would never have to request a hotel receipt
Joe Nathan signs with Rangers
Awesome show.
we are excited you're excited!
ROFLOL!! It took me nearly 3 hours to figure out what you wrote! =D Welcome to Twitter!
Burn that fat fast! Climb stairs for over an hour...burns over 1,000 calories!
yes, I meant: onomatopoeia. I would have lost the spelling bee.
you only say that cause I can't prove it lol. How typical. I should of took a screenshot
Thinking I should work the whole day but I just don't see that happening
awkward i thought he had the flu.....
I bet it's very attractive =)
SPRING BREAK. Though I did get the past 6 months off . . .
After practicing tenths and fingered octaves, my left ring finger, like my left pinky, is now freakishly longer than my right
Say round let me hit you right back Boosie trail start na yeah I pray he bounce back #FreeBoosie #PrayforBoosie Boosie coming home zoom zoom
SEA's proximity to salt water is one reason why it's cooler than pdx. To say its "more inland" therefore warmer? Bad logic
I'm good.... How u doin... Saw u was goin off earlier... Glad I followed u back ASAP!!<U+E409>
#IfWomenDidNotExist ............ Don't ask don't tell
I'm about to go check out our reception venue, Deep Ellum Brewing Co.
…until to look at a book on a shelf is no longer to see it as a dumb object, but to hear again the ways it wrecked and restored me.
UM YES.
You be driving 20 mi/hr down the entire street!
Rangers-Kings should get good tv ratings. Maybe Elisha Cuthbert and Alyssa Milano will get gangbanged by each team.
Gonna watch a movie by myself!:/
You rock! thanks!
Pure exhaustion.
they are building one of those in Philly right now, lucky us.
For anyone who loves Chloe, Tsumori Chisato, 4 day smple sale "The Bar Code", Pier 3 in SF. For more info/R.S.V.P., go to shopthebarcode.com
any common video - perhaps khan academy is best example
#shitnoonesays Ben doesn't have the most swag in the world
That's ridiculous. Get over it.
sit these cakes on yo face
Preparing for this music exam is a BITCH
Ah no you know I love you girl :-*
happy birthday! (:
i think that the majority of event planners could/would not convert to event design. lack of interest & skill are main reasons
I feel like I annoy people cause I can't be happy/hyper all the time. I try, but I can't control it. My mind forces me to be sad.
nine years ago next week.
I agree with your mom. #DarkShadows . Might be fun if it wasn't so different from the show
Did you know the Cultural Center offers private music lessons? For more information please call 941-625-4175 ext. 223
Congrats Omaha Marian & Gretna for winning state titles in girls soccer! #KETV #Marian,
That's great - it's true, well then you keep me posted on where da party ends up!
so am i! i'm watching clueless, its so god
on days like this I have to thank god for amel larrieux
Shoutouts To My New Followers !
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
knowing you're good enough but you can't get what you want because you don't know the right people is worse.
I saw the vampire diaries and secret circle today...
Charter Communications, fuck you, fuck you very much.
CHI TOWN LOL
Bruins game! Do or die time... Don't let me down boys!
I'll be at the Social Analytics Summit later today. Who'll be there? And is there a hashtag?
One must wonder: has no one ever informed Zach Galifianakis of eyebrow waxing?
Plan for tomorrow. Run, break in new hikers, some archery and maybe a ride on Blue Bonnet my Trek madone.
Hey #spacetweeps #NASATweetup #NASASocial & are 2 of the people helping to make history Saturday morning.
thanks for the follow! hope you are getting excited for the release of the clothing line :)
Good point, I really like Woodson maybe he can make a difference. We will see
When do you leave?
Super cute!
thank you! I def need it! Lol I'm so ready to move!
America is back to lynching... Via the Govn MSM,, Zimmerman will be lynched
Just got the new cappuccino coolata from dd. I think they made it wrong, is it supposed to taste like asphalt tar?
Thanks ! Nice to meet you too!
Wedding day is considered to be the happiest day of many people's lives. It also ranks as one of the most STRESSFUL day. Let us take it
investigating him for potential child porn charges.
beautiful pic, hun. u r so pretty. ;P
Get you love dedications in for #KBTS "Kissing Between The Sheets" from 10p-Mid on Kiss 97.3 here or
What sucky movie would have been improved with the use of trampolines?
But you would have a great story to tell with either one
friends can secure tickets via fairfaxchoralsociety.org. Our best from FCS!
you're welcome;)
Yo what's up bro!
had fun at the UAB shoot. did u make it to the republican gathering and make it back out still sentient?
You know you are redneck when your at a bridle shower and your family gets a tent wrapped in Christmas wrapping paper..
Yeah the power saver just came on. My phone is hella lame b
The road to happiness should be taken with ur best friend at ur side ( ) <33:DD
just when you think something could get worse, it does.
The only thing that can cut through beard is a roundhouse kick to the face by Chuck Norris.
Samardzija squeeze bunt
Aww, you're such a good son. Xoxoxo
Now just a statistic for the government
A wise man keeps secrets in his heart a foolish man tells tales.
Happy Easter Everyone! Hope y'all have a great day!
What book should I read next?
Work ... my favorite place in the world
Tap and Mallet tonight for post dinner drinking. Come on down
“: Hey , ignore all those guys and thanks for my awesomely termed mortgage! #seamayday #whitepeople” Truth
Whats Your Favorite Color.?
I am gonna be up all night
My birthday is may 5 yay Team Taurus!!!!!
I sometimes think only subscribes to a 'bully pulpit' form of religion to justify his politics. It's sad.
pryor did get punished,he was left out of the original draft.lost out on millions,and this was 2 extreme
I shook my head so much is damn near fallin off...n where's my nana split
Enjoying the Austi weather today? I sure am!
god is going to make everything better.
All I need is one maschine to fuck niggas up!
Got u Bro!
Polish those twinkle-toes!
Somebody is gonna fool around and get saved at this funeral. Incredible. Real. Awesome.
That awkward moment when you're stomach growls and the class is dead quiet .____.
Sam Dekker for three! ONIONS!
“: #MentionTo someone who always looks young.”if by "young" you mean beautiful. Me" hahaha
what up miss annie?! look at you being all cool and hip ;)
lol really? I didn't know u went to Kazley!
Chorus of Weird Al-esque Parody Restaurant Theme for Today: "I know all their is to know about Frying Game"
Well no RG3 or
Lesson learned on #boardwalkempire finale: Don't become too attached to any particular character. Nobody is safe.
Yeah. Probably got to courts at like 2:45 and got back to Truman around 8:30. The match started at 4. Crazy
Cowboys cheerleading this morning!! Then rec soccer in fairview
Thanks for the $10
I hope i can. Im trying the best. I really want to go. you know what sucks.... My dad took $20 to go to a garage sale.
I like when I'm thinking of you nd I get a "hey" oh it makes me feel better that you were thinking about me<3
I swear theres nothing innocent in these eyes.
i can't contain it.
Yeah, just as he ran into my room, aiming for under the bed. He was pretty pissed when I grabbed him by his tail.
B-ATRIS, Great job! Music sounds good!!
In Tallahassee for Florida Book Awards festivities. Starting with lunch at the Governor's Mansion.
Try to call back for jury duty as instructed. Phones been busy for 5 min. Yes, I said busy as in busy signal. Srsly.
so yea y is mr. cena posting pics of his body on here. I thought only molesters do that
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!114
We've got 320x480 resolutions for the New Year :)
Mike Miller is more important than I thought.
I almost got some at UDF...but chose peanut butter crackers instead LOL
That Trentonian.com article was absurd, completely lacking facts and information. I think the writer is just bitter.
re: your recent inquiry: slowly.
And and saw first hand how I handle my business on the mic. #swagger #performance art
I still can't believe my cuzzin died, I'm weak but God your still good..:-(
I think the #drupal module, Fitvids is my new favorite, it scales videos elegantly for responsive design with virtually zero config.
he ain't in the closet
Hello sunshine- thanks for coming back today! Happy Monday and wake up with the
Tribe is on fire!
RT : If you don't know what really matters to you, you're teaching those around you that nothing matters at all.
Nephew really jus fell asleep tho
WOW!!!What a night<U+E105> after this night I need a <U+E047>or<U+E30C> ,so <U+E011><U+E00D>
No, but if the space were a little bigger I'd suggest a cash mob there!!
Thanks, Colin. Means a lot. Efforts of a much bigger team (agency and client).
#OutoftheLoop fertilizers: pride, shame and unforgiveness
Me too! T : I would have liked to have been consulted
Welcome! Sorry we couldn't arrange better weather for you.
The name of the game is adaptation. But you have to start today to adapt to tomorrow.
That banana bread baking is an affliction.
can't wait till tomorrow #atlanticcity with the best friends lml!!!!!!!!
Happy Easter to all my Followers. Have a blessed day
Wounds will heal but the scars will stay and be a constant reminder of you.
Thank you! Have a great weekend.
+1 especially sunday! RT : You can have the Super Bowl. I'll take The #Masters any day of the week!
IDGAF Lakers won't get past OKC.. but Artest could still get it # I love crazy niggas!
Space tonight! Can't wait to dance with Molly <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A>
chillin man. Sorry we could have a session this weekend. But the weekend after next we deff should
"the confidential room"...eep.
You should take your comedy show on the road.
Happy Star Wars Day, everybody!
Anyone else using the Google Voice Search app on their iPhone? Pretty cool!
Working on marketing on Face Book and Twitter!
I suppose no one would be interested in some T-shirts featuring my old Spirograph doodles, would they? Oh well. :-p
RT " WERE OFFICIALLY NUMBER1!!!!!! THANK YOU EVERYONE!!!!!! #RIPNUM1" Congrats!! Keep the awesome music comin!!
When I first heard voice I believe I cried !!!! Lol
Eventually! I wann tour so bad!
you should get a camera thing and join in the eye candy!
So exciting! I know who my fav is! <3
What? Awesome. RT : Just met Georgio Armani at the soho apple store. Random. Cool.
I'll have to go and try it sometime!
a new xbox and I bought my dad a bluray player
Happy race weekend!!!!
"Business is in itself a power." - Garet Garrett.
Smile, you deserve it :D
Leap and the net will appear. Might sound corny but it's also true! Sometimes you have to step out on faith.
Im so awesome Im going to start cooking earlier so i can be lazy as shit on thurs lol
We have a goal, to gather as many TEDDY BEAR stories as we can - please share it right from the heart, either here... fb.me/y3FoxK0j
Thank you, Charleene!
Who says bassplayers lives are not "exciting"?....try living mine for a day or two!..I need 26 hrs a day!
"Let's see a mosh pit! for TRIVIUM!"<Cameras rake across the apathetic crowd as Trivium takes the stage>
follow back please:)
Thanks to all the kids at work who called for me trying to win lunch w/ Nice try guys!
I do the very best I can to look upon life with optimism and hope and looking forward to a better day. Rosa Parks
no me gusta
thanks so kind and thoughtful of you!
For my first act of being done w/ grad school, I will bake lots and lots of cookies.
Acknowledge the body's ability to heal itself. Regular Reiki treatments w/ your current medical protocol can provide great health benefits!
I hate walking all the way to Freddie's for my check then all the way back home.
listening to the ESPN analysts reading tweets are hilarious
Check out our nightlife list: /colsnightlife
Is there anything better than Bruegger's Hazelnut coffee in the morning? I think not.
did you get new glasses?
HAHAHA. I THOUGHT YOU HATED Rugby. AND ZP IS AN IDIOT FOR BETTING
so what about shepherds and elders then? Having said that there probably r 2 many folks trying to make a living off the church.
Can't wait to enter my 2nd year at spelman
I was! I saw your book for auction, so were you there? It was a really neat event. I look forward to the next one.
I'm trying to get back out to San Diego!
probably nothing
my hearts a stereo it beats for you so listen close!
"Re-rise of apprenticeship is upon us. Co-creation rules." Also brilliant.
Catch me briefly in tonight's Shahs of Sunset on Bravo. xo
For those of you who I will be seeing later today: I think I'm coming down with the cold. Hug me at your own risk.
good morning Leon!
congratulations! you deserve a good rest now :)
Sex appeal is 50% what you've got and 50% what people think you've got.
You may not always end up where you thought you were going, But you will always end up where you were meant to be.
“ Once a #Sagittarius sets a goal, they uses all their fiery strength to accomplish that goal.”
I wonder what Wilson from Home Improvement is up to these days. I haven't partially seen him in anything lately.
it better be Patron
ha. The solar panels have always been there. You really have not been to Raleigh in a long time.
I bet if people judged you just by what you put on they would think you are a morbidly obese interior designer.
can't wait to hangout with some of my very favorite people tonight!!!
but in all seriousness manga is great.
Woah well I did both.
My first internal, department wide presentation on Friday :) RE: Tracking projects with #SmartSheet = Sweet!
“: I cant wait until our varsity year !” football?
aww!! that's adorable! what a brave lil chick-a-dee! he got t pet it a little n everything =)))
She All Drunk <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB> ; After The Club , She On My Heels <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0> , High Up & Fucking With Pills <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A> !
nothing gets you more pumped up than nickel back. Everyone know that
So excited to share that Amber's Earth products will soon be available at Tallulah's Folly in Old Town!
We have a sub in geometry god bless everything <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
RT : People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. << No Lie ~ Enjoy your #life. :-)
Word. I feel heartbroken.
I had a dream, that couldn't stop hugging me at the dollar store :P
TONIGHT Canada Christ, Kids of the Universe, Patty Bates $8. Tweeter Tuesday password is I SHIT MY PANTS. You have to really sell it!
On the menu tonight: quail with fava beans, cipollini onion and morel mushrooms. Also, Happy Hour from 5:30 to 7:00 in the bar!
President Obama should do whatever Michael Moore asks.
BITCH! I invented the damn games. You can't fool me!
Ladies and gentlemen, Paco Fimbres, MD“: During the Fenty years, MOCRS were used as the muscular system, under Mayor Gray ONE
he was nice.
Because it's not really process they're worried abt, but ideological outcomes?
Ponyboy is having a great hair day! :D
Haterism is a plague or something????
BREAKING: Newark High School is on a TWO HOUR DELAY this morning due to a bomb threat.
theres one part of the video you last posted on wearestoopkid where you look like you want to murder Ariana... at 2:32
your face= flawless.
Ron Swonson at 's anniversary party! Fabulous combo.
sure dude! Me and the band are playing in Austin Thursday night.
Creepy old guy staring at me at the dentist.
Happy New Year!!!!!!
I hope its nice tomorrow:)
Every song on at malls all across America sound like offspring of John Mayer and Gavin Drgraw
I'm sorry my happiness is such a downer to you, but I don't give a shit. I haven't felt like this in ages so get the fuck over it.
I sure did barely survive !!
I live in South Bend IN and it is VERY foggy. Starting to lift some but its still slow going out there blessings 2 U
Khuram's brother is hip as shit doe
legit makes me feel smarter.
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Southbound I35 at Cabela
In livelier internal discussion, I started as a volunteer for the Seattle Aquarium's library today.
": North Carolina... I'm sorry, but you're up for elimination." Oh. So. True.
Wow your new music player is whack..love listening to 2 songs at the same time
You know, it'll be tomorrow.
Trying to get back in the promotion and booking game. Kind of dislike that some of the band pages on FB require a "like" to listen, tho lol
Chillin on the beach with great brews and tunes and greens
Happy new yrs. I want incriminating picture from everyone! Lol ;)
The Congressional Committee discussing the land dispute between CN and PA has a report, it will be discussed in whole during the session.
. I requested #dhdebates for Oxy library. In the hour between its cataloging and my trip to new book shelf, it was nabbed!
Burn In MotherFucking Hell !
i am all for conversations, but you need to have a message- Renee Blodgett
you looked fantastic tonight! Great game!
Happy Anniversary! Sounds like you are celebrating in style
Book Review: Norwegian Cakes and Cookies - Seattle Post Intelligencer (blog)
RT : great analogy. A story needs proper care, feeding, training; and when it gets to the post success=talent+luck
I'm thrilled to see #PulpFiction trending. If you need a good read, check out the screenplay & let it rock your world.
They have a lot of tourists in the summer, plus it is a fishing town. I'll see what I can find out for you. :)
great paper! i've been waiting for someone to say something intelligent about vampire weekend
When your neighbors think it is ok to start outside projects early in the morning
Village Pour House near Astor Place? During Knicks game. ;) Congrats Andi. Im in NYC but I'll be w/ u guys in sprit(s)
CM Wesson: toughest thing in govt is transition. You've made it easy
thanks! so far, so good with Zotero
If you got a problem with me sit down at the table and explain yo case.... but dont take it to the public like you gone clown this nigga
Famous Dave's with
D3 extending Monday morning good luck wishes to the following candidates: A.I., N.H. as well as I.R. and M.C.!
GOP seem to care a lot about religion, but don't know candidates' religions accurately.
Trill is trill .
We'll talk about proposed legislation to expand access to abortions in California
I just want things to be better.. please? I'm sorry.. I love you.
One week til Valentine's Day!!! Are you ready, guys?
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. ~Wayne Gretzky
Real Niggah Wit Swag
remember when we used to play basketball for SJJC <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Best friend left me </3
I'm disgusted right now. Worked hard and put time in to make a good package & it'll need air cuz of a stupid tech glitch &.........
Sunday evening Over Easy gets me jazzed. Real jazzed.
Its freaky Friday lol thank the lord great week time for a relaxing weekend I'm hooping tomorrow can't wait haven't played in weeks
“: hey Bob” Lol isnt it Chicago jew??
Probably better that way.
Erden's statement dunk says, "Ouch." Go #Cavs!
Not to mention McGyver!
If its not your way, it's wrong.
Thanks for following and finding me on Twitter. How are you guys doing? Any shows coming up?
Thanks for the #FF - sorry I've been away from you - all! It's been crazy, but less than 60 days to go to CES now...
OKay so i think ive made up ma mind n imma go ahead n get ma 1st tat by dro. now i jus ta decide where imma get it at
Ohlordie! I haven't been on this bitch in forever.
Myy hats are off too ya...OAN:This little latino guy is at my house speakin spanish um dude im black !
Thunderstorms at night make me want to sleep on the floor. Pro tip: Do not sleep on the floor.
#NiceHorrorFilms I Know What You Did Last Summer, And It's Okay
lifting you guys up right now!
I'm listening to the last Oprah show at work while I finish up my tasks for the day. She's such a great role model. Viva la Oprah.
lmao how odd... demon possess you?
I Live a Hell Of a Life So Heaven Can Wait
True or False: Drinking water before (and during) exercise will lead to cramps.
do you work for small biz?
That moment when the girls from copiague start talking to the girls on my team, and mr king says "there's gunna be a rumble" LMFAO dying!
I know! I think I was temporarily possessed or something! I was slightly INVESTED in the show too. Help! RT **GASP**
WHO'S IN MY HOUSE.
It feels so good to sit down after 3 hours of standing... Only 3 more to go!!!
In order: Loud thunder, my wife, my dog, my bladder. Getting rid of them all. Who's doing the interrupting?
You need to tweet your Star Wars pics, you big dorks!
I wish there would have been time for a hugs-n-gritas visit to San Antonio!
instead of hand weights, we'd supply shawls?
The last team I witnessed "go for it" was the #mariners last season. Let's hope for better results!
If you are nervous about a change to your software, you need more (or better) tests.
Cover the 2012 Blaze the Stage Spring Invitational LA
sure, i'd love to! what time?
Tomorrow at the director of the documentary BULLY will be doing Q&A's in person at the 4:40 and 9:20pm showings! A good doc
#TeamFollowBack CHECK THE PAGE FOR THE 2 BRAND NEW SONGS!!!!!
Waking up from a nightmare minutes before the alarm goes off -_-
People say summer is a test for relationships but really its not
We were actually just down there within the last 2 weeks and venture down that way from time to time... :)
the shxt u see when u take tht walk lol
i will follow you if you follow me
Thank you for your work in the world Danny!
I hold grudges..for long periods of time
Thanks! Enjoy making the #Arugula Stuffed #Chicken dish and let us know how it turns out :)
Hi, I got a replacement I4 and need to transfer my Infinifolders license to it. i emailed Saurik a couple days ago. Can you help me?
yes. Don't touch things that aren't yours.
I think it's funny that in middle school people maid fun of me because I was white. And now in highschool, I'm a wanna be white girl. Trolol
.I love my baby niece & Brother <3 (:
Sometimes I dont understand how my feelings for a dude can just go away so quickly.
Question of identifying appropriate forum for feedback and sharing of data re #pipa #sopa. But MPAA says "this bill is going forward"
lmao that's not fair I was so faded -.- I know your name!!!
let's be real, most of those games are only played in the bathroom. so it'd make more sense just to send me free tacos for lunch
Depression is such a major drag. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Check this out-GetMotiviated.com. Chicago seminar with Brian Tracy,Zig Zigler, Mike Ditka to name a few. Keep smiling.
#Its2012WhyYouStill using signatures on texts?
"working together to create a world-class ILS"
And that step would be?
Indeed! RT : George is thee MAN!!!! RT : Computer Games is my favorite album ever!!!
thanks Ben - you and Dan should go with me since it's all soccer related!
I need to stop worry-ing, but my mind is in overdrive :(
#nowplaying Fitz & The Tantrums radio on #pandora. Me gusta!
Can I have a DM?? Love to talk :)
just saw a grown man riding a bmx bike and smoking a black and mild.
it was my compromise with myself - you get out of bed, and you can wear a glorified blanket to work and call it an outfit.
Think I'll have another
ah, makes sense. nice. The crate makes that room.
#InMiddleSchool I lived in my borther's shadow like I bathed in it....
too late now. I'm sad. Where's Torrie, i need to wipe my tears with her boobs.
Gah! I'm SO tired! Dunno if I'll make it...lol. Got several more hours until 9 AM. ugh!
the only green limos I've seen are hybrid so far, good idea though!
Just bought a bike for cruising around Cambridge. Its rims are very… bright. :) Thanks Microsoft!
In #Chicago Loop at #IBM seminar on #ProjectZero/#sMash. Looks quite good.
Having tools gives you potential. It's up to you to use them and be consistent with them.
I love when I'm wrong sometimes.
Worst part about going down is now I have to form my own opinions about sports.
Putney tipin on his own basket gives #Temple their first basket of the second half-5 minutes in. #UMass leads 48-38 with 14 mins to play.
Is OBSESSED with Heroes
Is it bad that I want to pour water on this white kitten so he'll turn pink?
Thanks for tweets/retweets; we're adding more stories this month!
<U+2666> Thanks for the follow. If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free $50 gift <U+2708> {link--------------
it Take time to get yourself together. But you will get there eventually
Hey there Missouri! 484 miles to go!
How long is a minute? Depends on what side of the bathroom door you're on!
RT : For what it's worth, Mario Williams spotted leaving Buffalo Medical Group office this am<Physical part of plan all along
Oh Really??
What time is it where you are?:O
thank you!
If you live in a glass house don't throw stones...big up Jr. Dread for the tribute to Peter Tosh.
A couple big items on Tues Mar 13 #Chulavista city council agenda: One is approval of taking money from city's reserves to finish 3rd Ave.
Once a bully always a bully.
Oh, cool! So nice of You! So I'll have to reformat the pic first, and save it as a small file. FB is easier! Hai Daiyya! :)
All branches and Central will be open today during their regular Saturday hours. Come on down!
RT ": Some girls don't realize what they're worth, some guys don't realize what they have..."
and I love you more than I did before
Has anyone else been on spring break this week?
lmao my mom would to she don't like me to travel really anyways
^tl Alright you Poetry Lovers it's the night you've been waiting for, VerbatiMondays. The night where you get to interact with the Poets,...
BANG BANG
I may never want to see a movie ever again.
Aww Daniel truly loves Emily
Orlando! You are beautiful.
After reading this, you will notice that the the human brain doesn't inform you that the the word "the" has been repeated twice every time."
You won't ever hear me complain about the weather, but nothing's gonna stop me from celebrating this warm snap!
HAPPY BIRTHDAAY MOM. i love you :)
I love Karinna, but if she makes me listen to any more Skrillex I'm going to stab her in the testicles.
Waiting at my dentist's office reminds me of this very important fact: Asian kids are adorbz.
Thank you for RT!
Apparently, there's a Robert E. Howard Fest in Cross Plains in June... sounds like the perfect time for a pilgrimage!
Will somebody, somewhere tweet updates of Coldwater Cyn closures? Thanks!
BASEBALL! All the excitement of football squeezed conveniently into 162 five-hour games!
oh Kenny, check my recording of Doubts. First of my songs recorded and the first with my voice if you have time. Scott J
I caved and downloaded from iTunes. It was necessary. It's so good.
I love mine but stood in line at 6am in freezing rain for 3 hours. Please post what case you get if you get one.
occupy wal ls t needs to get behind obama: our last best hope and still great leader
#youknowwhatsannoying a hangover
I'm determined to do more things by myself. Next up: taking myself out to dinner, inspired by
If I was a girl my parents would have named me Krystal.
discussing Rabbis of Antiquity: A Social Network Analysis #armt // always great when someone describes their project as whimsical!
Obama will finally take a "stand" by "rejecting" tax cuts for the wealthy; there goes SSDI. Lesson? Democracy is and always was a sham.
Stay classy. : or better yet u can die back in ur anti American hole!!!
#GetAustinToTheTop10 come on. you guys is too slow
If you always do what you've always done. You'll always get what you've always got.
Good luck!! Where are you interviewing?
Have your new years' resolutions all figured out? Yeah - neither do we.
Lundqvist with another beautiful save!!!
Tonight's #gymplaylist is gonna start off with the I Wish remix.
Good night tweeters
But why would you waste the money?!
Thanks for the love Dondy!
Just left Where else can u go and see tommy ford and angie stone all at once?!
YOU'RE A NICE KID. dont take selective hearing the wrong way.
Post Edited: Good Writing Tip #6: Conventions
#ehb2011 loved the talk on their health barometer by Edelman. Kudos.
hey, Nick thanks for the follow. Absolutely love your "fight" sculptures! Cheers!
Nigga hit the gym for 6 hours
LADY GAGA Is Dressed As A GUY!
like wise
I know, right? M A presentations...
lol was now am in houston but nyc is the best
RT : “: The more you know technically, the more you can achieve creatively.” // So good!
sort of wish we could smoke opium and drink wine from the blushful hippocrene in class today
:) and sneaky like a ninja
I think my has a spell on me cuz i cant seem to leave her alone
7-1/1 hour mark, setting up my first scene. Oh, for a giant cup of coffee ...
You are the only one I know that gets excited about his classes...
Getting ready to start the big Graduation Weekend.
First run since I got sick. Almost passed out in front of the Cannon Building.
guess i can delete the remaining episodes of Alcatraz I've yet to watch on my dvr.
He about to beat that that golden gloves fighting style ass fag up tonight RT : But seriously why is Miguel Cotto fighting again?
Whenever I feel angst about our library district and where we are headed I revisit Tame the Web from Michael Stephens. It's my reset button.
got you
I'm really looking to seeing my beautiful big sister walk down the aisle in two weeks.
aye chill bruh lol i dnt want beef, u got it thug
I SUCK ON THE PHONE THATS WHY I TXT OR BRING U HOME
understand the need to question who got in/who didn't, but completly agree - they gotta do the right thing and fast!
Yeah bruh he is.. But WTF !! Happen at end..Kobe was tryin to do to much..
RT #Huguely -- Love had bruises both before and after death scattered on her body. Including her hands
ive only had duck, didnt know Goose was also an option... might be the flavor difference im looking for
So glad! Keep us in mind for future events!
Powerful: "A panoramic camera is democratic because it has no ideal eye." - Sarah Kenderdine
good times
great seeing you too! thanks for coming in on this lovely Friday night!
We want excllnce yet we don't know what their best is, in any roll. So, 1st need 2 help everyone realize their BEST role!
If everyone could send me Positive Employment Vibes at around 5:30, that would be excellent!
you're gonna be awesome!! :)
on a scale of 1 to hedgehog, how awesome is it?
I like how the majority of people here are either wearing camo hats, flannels, or cowboy boots.
Good Morning Twitter visit us @ www.allsportsshopping.com for the best deals on Sports Apparel.
haha you better not make me laugh! I won't make you laugh! Our group is meeting again today
When im making love to a girl that just lies there not doing much i whisper in her ear "I have hep C" Then she really starts moving.
BUDGET WEEK: Amendment #577 by Republican Rep Lyons (R-Andover) eliminates funding for school-based health centers.
Now the #missiontrailsregionalparkcac is debating my proposal to ask the city to reopen the camp ground on weekends.
This 'it's more activist to throw out the whole law' line from the conservatives is... ingenious.
is putting a new build together for QA.
im just tellin the truth! So you stoppppaaaaa(:
Who's it helping? Pearson's bottom line. #bling Oh, and politicians who like to pontificate on things they don't know about.
Can't just give up a guy who had an MVP-like season, however. It's about not showing a white flag.
Can I hit it from the back?
Start where you are, use what you have, do what you can -Arthur Ashe
Over heard comments " I have an app for that"
I'm such a good employee ;) my 4,000th txt was about my boss Ashley from Dsg
Denise how qre we going to live without photography.
Wow I remember my first tweet. #RT if u remember urs<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Go Broncos! RT : Stokley said he doesn't see any changes in Manning from when the two played in Indianapolis.
I have 19 days until TEXAS so I can completely understand how ur feeling
I got mine for B-more! I can't wait!
Janoris Jenkins will turn to be the best CB in this draft. Steal in the 2nd round.
Hope she enjoys it!!
Also rereading The Wouldbegoods by the incomparable, immortal E. Nesbit.
It's easier to complain than find a solution. Champion's don't complain - champions choose to find solutions even when it's a challenge.
Guess how many breakfast burritos I've had today. Go ahead, guess.
trying not to have an ulcer
Big shot for A.I.
Just another Manic Monday!
dance moms is my favorite part of the day.
Thanks, Edward. Happy to keep the conversation going!
who do they play tn? Oh and I hate you
is it summer yet?
Ricotta is not properly a cheese because it is not produced by coagulation of casein. Interesting!
Ok so - 1st drill is the G Road Chill Drill we've been doing since we were 11 yrs old!
It's a mental prison break
Love don't cost a thing ; this movie doesn't get old :D
#SeniorConfessionHour I NEVER did homework
RT ": EVERY girl say they special and one of kind ..... YOU A LIE"> you just don't know
Jesus died for me. I can't imagine why he would want to, but He did. He died for you too.
#OTGTIPS CONSISTENTLY STAY YOUR SELF. YOU WILL MAKE IT FAR!
please follow me!!:)
Knock KnockWho's there !Alf !Alf who ?Alf all if you don't catch me!
Btw Its Shelby
follow back please? :)
Goodnightpeople. Remember whatever ails ya whatever is troubling ya will eventuallypass ya by. Keep ya head and spirits up nothing but love
Like my avatar playa....
There's this girl the one and only one around this world....<3
oh just let me know
If you like be paid to take photos you'll like too. you can also see what photos others are posting as well :)
Im so excited for tonight!!!
Have you heard the news? Do you know what Rush is saying about women?.
<3 #love this “: you're like a little vacation i can go on when ever i want. if i could just. hold. focus.”
Love that pic!! Is that your Mother?
She should also thank your dad, because you wouldn't be there if his dick fell out of her.
#SweetGenius rotfl "you unfortunately killed it...."
RT : FACT: Girls are missing out on education. Two thirds of all children denied school are girls.
There really needs to be a #KruiserHarem tweetup
Happy Easter!
Yes! Callback tomorrow for a play from an audition last week. Prep paying off.
"stories are data with a soul" was one of my fav quotes, too! Will play in qual methods class in the future.
MFNW is over...saw 11 bands total and only 2 were openers that were really bad... my favorites were Blind Pilot and Typhoon...
Has the Stash seen an increase in business since the show started?
been requesting all night (:
Hi there. Would you mind deactivating your account since youve never tweeted? Your handle is my name & I'd like it. Thx!
so what are u doing ?
Follow the #WestmadeStraightpaid family.
See you in court Goodell! Sincerely, and the rest of NOLA.
My life is boring.
are you referring to Automotion
Whats up with problems with Galaxy Nexus S? My signal drops to nothing randomly all the time. I paid 300$ for the phone
Cows Almost Impossible To Domesticate, DNA Reveals The common cow's early ancestors were large and nasty and only a small pool were domes
good morning stud. Hope your Saturday is treating you well. :)
But what happens when ke£ha releases her new single and shits on erryone?
we really want to play warped all summer.. just sayin.. we work hard and need this chance.
they give u workouts to do
Do any of you want two tickets to Fitz & the Tantrums tomorrow night @ 8? They're playing at the Regency Ballroom and totally rock. I pai...
Chief Chuck Gordon to unidentified shooter in Tulsa - "We're comin' for ya" live right now
Hypothesis: my productivity is linked with my water intake.
Going very Wisconsin right now...making some beer brats
I know i'm sick when i'm not hungry at #lunchtime inside the market
I'm ready for a fantastic day!
LOL at lesbians. I mean, I don't care if girls like girls. I just think it's fuckin' hilarious.
it's hot. like oven hot. like i spent all day mowin lawns and i'm pretty sure my tadpoles have 3 tails and are swimmin in circles now. lol
Filming for the feature #Paul made it seem like Comic Con all over again!
Some people just make the weirdest faces when they sing..
I always just assumed that Community was Community slash fiction.
Finger Lakes Region! We'll be in the Canandaigua area from 3-4pm today at the ESL on Recreation Drive with BOGO #PXYSJ tickets!
Happy 1 year being married... and her hubby.... (:
#ImHopingThat the knicks win this game
FILL IN THE BLANK: This Thanksgiving, I’m most thankful for __________
my next music: A remix, a song that sounds like ?uestlove guested on drums and a song that sounds like TFF meets Steven Drozd
: You are truly a gift from God. I am blessed by the anointing you carry and share with us. May our Lord continue to bless you!
Rise n Grind! Be the best 2day! Finish number 1!
It does have me thinking more than usual about the resolution of my JPEGs.
nothin happenin' and better join us (;
Making a hot guy laugh.
My boyfriend has some rockin socks and mine r the color of puke
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: The Drawing Room - Ultra-lounge (live updates)
Aries on the bright side: Adventurous and energetic Pioneering and courageous Enthusiastic and confident Dynamic and quick-witted
Yep lol the song sweet tho! RT : was that u fool lol hahahahaha RT turn your voice down!
I don't like getting mysterious phone calls.
can you follow me?:)
Living my life drug free
LOL you read my mind. It's a bit forward, I thought.
just watch it assuming James Cosmo's playing his same character from SOA
"I'm sexy and I know it" Bitch, you're ugly and you show it.
"Take it down now"
It will be a CRIME if the Beastie Boys are not inducted into the Rock n Roll Hall of Fam !
“: So excited for Monday now! why make me wait so long ? ;( <3 #CantWait #ConcertAnnoucements !!”
Hate that... -_- which girls?
GUESS WHAT?! Two more days until our #HopeHasCome show! Will you be there?
I have a headache <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
You forgot "of"
Nick Holt is incompetent.
Dear Gorgeous Iowa State Guy, & I thank you for the drunk text entertainment.
Fact. RT : Fact: The spicier, the better.
y do people put there numbers on the web i mean do they want people to prank call them
just because it was AMAZING!!! We're going back to cookout very soon. #wearegoingtoneedmoreketchup hahaha
I am sad about that. But still no panics!
Headed back out of town got like 2 hours of driving to go and my battery on 10% RT if you feel my pain.lol
Sometimes work makes me wanna go all Stanley from #TheOffice & say "DID I STUTTER?" or "Have ya lost ya damn mind cuz I'll help ya find it!"
I wake up and see visions of the future of what in living
From Netflix Terms of Service "You agree not to...conduct yourself in a vulgar or offensive manner while using the Netflix service" - Ok?
Look. Either you can agree with me or be wrong.
Watching Napoleon Dynamite is so weird lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Chris Weber... "You are 270 pounds going in the wrong direction Griffin." Stop floppin. Stockton "haamauh uh daaadee" enters for Memphis
Yep today is my 18 birthday I'm finally
Aaron harang struck out 13 tonight?! Including setting a record by striking out 9 in a row?! Holy. 7-1 record!
I'm just thrilled you read it all - don't care how long it took!
true i have to admit that dance was good
Sounds cool! I will let our folks know RT We're so excited to open in Minneapolis! Check us out.
Maybe there is a Tatort rerun on. Or some nature show....
she's a bully !! A fat over grown bully !! That's all she is !!
Happy Easter! Thanks for support of 1065THE END
"This crying... this screaming... my voice is being born!"
lol idk bc she always ask for granny (mikes mom) and she said she scared of nana(our mom) :/
lyss u look great, I look like shittt. Where are my eyes ? lol love you
5 DAYS LEFT? Congratulations! How many years on?
"A mini-van full of babies." EMily Maynard is an Orthodox Jew.
ain't it a lil questionable
I still have left over pancakes would yu like some
rangers never get national credit. They kinda earned it. Tell your team to play better. That's what rangers did.
Bras are over-rated! Thank God for small boobs!
#incollege you can't depend on anyone. You have to be independent...no more mommy or daddy.
SAT Prep (fall session) starts 10/30. Give us a call at 503-894-8747 to register your student today! :)
DO IT!
Watching bby boy...
Huge planning night for Honduras mission! Really getting excited about what God is going to do in us & thru us!
I Knoee I Cant Singg , But I Be Singing The Fckk outtaa Trey Songz : Heart Attack !
I currently reside in academic purgatory. I should have prayed more or changed my graduation date to August or something. Or something.
They never followed me!
Heading to #WZPLJingleJam now! I'm going to be out way past my bedtime tonight!
hey whats up my bro is going to dilit his twitter
Making today a productive day..in the mean time, whats everyone up to?
So on fire, so in love. That look in your eye that I miss so much!
Final push huh? Well, at least it's almost over for a while. Sounds like you need a break:-)
you around?
Am reading HBR's 10 Must Reads On Strategy. There is also On Change and On Managing Oneself. It is an excellent business book series.
So it`s the little things in life that make me smile.. =)
hey! How are you! I'm finally getting the hang of twitter. Didn't realized you said hi like 3 months ago. So hi! :)
Want to do some shopping tomorrow? GIANT Super Sale at NAMI San Diego 4480 30th Street North Park (plz retweet)
this is not gonna be a good valentines day I see like every year
I lost both games and am eliminated
Our job rocks. RT : My boss is running from zombies. In real life. I just wanted to let you know how mundane YOUR reality is.
cool alright then
OH MY FUCKING GOD THANKING YOU NOW, THANKING YOU RIGHT NOW!
When starting with social media, choose 1 outlet & use that. That can be your gateway drug to harder stuff.
oh crap! MAD COWS in California!!!
Who bowled 130 last night and beat all the boys?! This girl!
Happy to wake up in my own bed at home... but sad to be without the sounds of the ocean & the laughter of our Casa Paloma housemates!
Indeed! I've been here a few times for mtn biking in Moab. Now that's scenic/epic.
at what time do you go in?
it's one of my favorite shows of all time!
RT : Sometimes the journey is the best part...
school = stressing:/
I'm sending this tweet from my recliner. I may never sit at the desk again. Ah...
you didn't before?
Cooking channel has innovative recipes for quick and easy dishes. Rachel Ray
Kathleen Falk is talking about cuts to education at Wheatley School in Milwaukee.
hey guy
I go to AECHS and I'm not a Mexican lol. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Pacman wanting to box on my birthday, that's awesome. Wish it was Floyd though, that would of been perfect.
Thank you for the ReTweet. I Hope you have a blessed and joyful Christmas and Holiday Season.
Jesus! D:
I don't smoke it but it will be easy to write 7 pages about it haha
I don't have an idea yet! /:
Limo of course, how is that a question? ;) Meet in the lobby at noon?
Thank you. Looking at it now.
no problem!!
is it odd that I picture Julia Child as the giant in this scenario?
if the seeds stay the same are gonna get smashed in the first round by the
Thanks Theory Lover!
You should ONLY comment about GH now since it is the ONLY ABC soap! I dont care about Y/R or Bold/Beautiful.....
We're teens,live life like there was no tomarrow. We should be happy we're at this age. This is a once in a life time.
I would but I already have plans. lol
Tweeps check out DrLee to get filled with light, love and wisdom!! Keep Shining Brother!
Any new ideas about spreading the word about our new app? Any social media gurus out there with some tips and tricks?
Hope all of you have a great week and Happy Belated Halloween I was a Doctor HAHAHA and i gave out dollar bills as candy gave out about 300
Dr. Ledford states, "T the problem in organizations is not cost its using human capital appropriately.
Looking for a freelance HTML/JQuery developer in the SE Wisconsin area.
We approve. RT : It is MLS supporters week. So try and convince your boss to let you have the rest of the week off.
Come to brass rail tonight!
Good morning going to chruch this morning to get a blessing and praise .
look at the right ones
When you're shoveling palmloads of food in your mouth direct from the grocery bag, then realize a guy in the next car is staring at you.
hey alex, whats up?
lol...oh.. Im super lost.. Did u like it??
why do i miss him ?
Dang. Nate McMillan Fired after 7.5 years. I always thought he did a good job with his players.
I really don't wanna go to school tomorrow...
"Friendship is warm, friendship is touch." - Jim Joe Kelly
I'mma figure it all the way out
Nice VLAB event at Stanford tonight. Beautiful ideas on a beautiful campus
We are ready to get started fixing your home. Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com for more!
two hours spent to fix something that took 5 seconds to fix.
I just wanna be myself and want you to love me for who I am Oxox
No, not at all. That's why I originally pointed to GH's essay in the Speculative Turn reader.
Retweet if you're in love with
He stole my heart. So I'm going to take revenge and still his last name.
I'm bout to go from a Andriod to a iPhone .
twitter is a damn liar.
yes! She is! Wonderful! I hope to meet you both one day! ;-)
Homework will be the death of me
Yep--it's Cyberdyne all over the place...
It's gonna rain, & I just washed all the 4wheelers.
Protecting the integrity of your identity under one roof. Keeping your logos consistent: Offset, Digital, & Wide-format.
Auction items descriptions coming in, sound amazing: AS IF MY LIFE by Divya Victor and MY SO-CALLED LIFE by Joey Yearous-Algozin
Congrats! I hope you wear your reward proudly at work tomorrow! ": I came in second!"
Check out UFC Shane Carwin Newest Team Max Muscle
Twitter jail, you give me the power to go to sleep. For the first time ever, I thank you. Good night everyone<333
Today the NBA season ends with the Miami Heat playing the Washington Wizards. Have you visited Fuego at HistoryMiami lately?
Thank you.
is it really?
"First day of school! First day of school! Wake up, wake up! C'mon, first day of school!" Name that movie! :)
Atlantic city this summer!
In addition to mentioning my queerness, I also talked about Lord of the Rings, Star Wars, and how much my sister sucks. It's a cool paper...
Please bring a can good for the Houston Food. Thank you for your support...
finna sit back and watch a movie fuck goin out hit me..
RT : It doesn't get better than this #beer #wine tasting & Social Media w/
Yes ma'am an' you do the same ;o)
o I like that one2 I wear it all da time:-)
No ma'am. Our friends found a local shelter in the area & I'm en route there now.
where did you go?
I like it. Yes, just photos but it has cool features u can use to make pics look cool. It links to fb and twitter too.
Do you have cat art prints?
Chicken Milano sub at Quiznos is a big meh
BOL! Dad would probably agree that we need a bigger bed or no Pugs in bed cuz he says we keep him up. We say he's silly!
The significance of a man is not in what he attains but in what he longs to attain.Kahlil Gibran
Racism is more prominent since Obama was elected.Very sad.
We can't help if we want 2 watch you shake your marshmallow while biting your lip! Get Tom on there 2. Mom could swoon w/me.
Saw Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol in Imax last night. It was UNREAL!!!!
: Where can you go clamming around here? Can you even #clam? Is clamming a verb?
Hm, let's see, it's #Friday and after 2:00 PM gosh whatever could be going on with HB 1013?
No, the film is not done yet. We're in the color grading process, which takes 2 weeks. Then the final mix in studio.
RT: I need coffee everyday to survive, no excuses.
When everyone stared at my butt at 6 period <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
what is it?
RT : You don't want her, you just don't want her with anyone else.
I will give up my white privilege when Kobe Bryant gives up his height and Beyonce gives up her beauty.
Today and right now <<<<<
BRAIIIINNSSSS (i need some, cuz mine is fried)
Because of the power outage, all classes are canceled for Thursday September 8 as of 4:10 p.m.
are u high!?
One down, one to go. You?
or he can break the mold !
#WeWontWorkIf you don't like cuddling..
Too bad I missed the last one. I'll for sure participate in another #fitness convo.
Foggy headlights? I can fully restore them to new brightness in under 30 minutes
“: Pride of #vegas/#dallascowboys sez he's rewarding offensive line for his 253-yd NFL debut
:P Just not country. O.O
you always have it right!
Still can't get back into the site. :(
Okay, starting the round-up!
Elbow pain is getting really bad. Not fun.
raw is war.
Thanks, buddy!
you too
We are ready!!! RT : The verdict is in! Spring is on its way since Wynter did not see her shadow!
want tickets ? hit up Riverpark to see him himself from 5-6PM !
Attending Arrangement & Description workshop at #neafall2011at Dartmouth College.
I am going to marry Adam Levigne.
I think. It where one guy drops one of the heat players, acts like he's gonna help him up but then just walks away
thanks for replying! We'll post the best answer later today! ;)
Check out todays Groupon for the Festival!! 30,000 tacos from 25 teams + live music and activities for the kids.
sexy like a chocolatte strawberry!
The Austin relocation guide DID NOT tell me that after a 3 month monsoon, snake season would start. I feel lied to.
Sounds hot.
i know right
I want everything to be the same as it has always been
“: #JustRead Collins' Catching Fire & #justreading Wide Sargasso Sea by Jean Rhys”
In store show at record archive next Saturday starting at 3PM. Skip your afternoon nap and come see us
It feel like someone kicked me in my back side,,,
Millions didn't make it but I was one of the ones who did #be ready
Heading to Church rocking a Splawn rig! So happy to be in that Christian based family :) stay safe, have fun, as always God Bless!!!!! :-D
"Change is the law of life and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future." - John F. Kennedy
If you're really lucky, you'll get both in one shot. It's up to you!
Me and Hannah are taking turns with the oxygen mask...aka we are sharing a power chord. #efficient #boom Hah :]
It was Samantha Mathis. But your boyfriend looked sexy and I normally don't like guys with facial hair.
Rewatched Journey to the Center of the Earth. Now, that's a good time. Esp the Bernard Herrmann score. Check it out.
Thank you for the RTs and mention - -
haha new year = new attitude
got nothing to ask but just gonna say I admire the hell out if you for staying yourself
I just love everything about him (: <U+2764>
#Brewers win!!! Get the brooms out, sweep tomorrow!!! #Cubs suck!
hahah love u too :P
text me
Good luck in whatever you decide to do! We'll always appreciate what you've done here at UK! Hard to turn down USC, good luck!
Great LA tweet Beto haha, and awesome tweets lately, hope all is well!
Possible game changer in Vikings Stadium debate. Watch Sunrise to hear what city is adding its name to the site list.
How are those kittens doing?
Ok yea its 13176543404
#cnndialogues : it is going to get worse in Syria.
- Thx so much for the mention!! We have a show tonite. Maybe see ya there!?
Shoutout to my new follower>>>> >>> follow & gain...
Having such a fun girls day with and :)
Rondo---taking control....
Welp, the hair is definitely not going to do what it's supposed to tonight. Cool. Thanks, scalp.
New blog post : 5 Weight Training Tips for Building Huge Muscles
story of my life.
keep the energy up this morn, LB JR. tis a rough morning...
Woah now the Google Wage email is back in my box. I feel whole again :) cc:
HoeLies #50: I don't go down.
#ispythursday Candy Aisle Wedge
That's why you are the right man for the job my friend.
I'm writing the #EHR chapter in a new epidemiology textbook. What would your favorite section be?
Love the background! Hahaa, Just saying. lol
-- the old days / beautifully in bloom / the winter peony #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
its actually a pretty good movie!
Dude I had that call today too…. wtf
Manningham from Manning ... TOUCHDOWN #GIANTS!
My ears are so infected that I don't even think I can wear earrings for prom <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
RT Mission Accomplished... Surprised my Mama with a new Kindle Fire after giving her a series of gag gifts first......
So far I am impressed by the people I'm allowed to follow.
Hey why do why still call them "Mixtapes" and they're not "tapes"..lol
I love when Jack headbutts Nina. I like it even more when he kills her.
fire alarm @ PT 2day. Glad was a false so I didn't have to climb down 7 flights of stairs on crutches.
Don't like my tweets? Fanfuckingtastic. Unfollow me.
It took every ounce of strength I have (& changing phone settings!) not to check work email the last 2 days of vacation, but I did it!
Follow the fire
thx for the tougher smoking rules and the pilot green waste pick up. Keep up the good work.
SIGNAL PATH with J3 PROJECT at The Canal Club tonight, doors @ 9pm
If I had a British accent, I'd never shut up.
Good pick dallas
can't wait to come home and practice for the talent show :) good girl & just a kiss haha
Grill the fucking lama
- you need to come to America so you can do a shoot with me (:
Thanks for watching! And for bein' such a sweet pea.
Oh I should've guessed from your name. Yeah, we say "dong" a lot :) Do you find cuisine from home there?
That is an awesome pic!
How lengthy is the penaty for "Closing a hand on the puck"? All I can find is 2 minutes, certainly not THE lengthiest.
thanks for the follow.. pleasure to meet anybody that loves country as much as me :-)
See ya on the other side,luv!
Send as Fax can be very useful. One click to send faxes will save time and a LOT of money eliminating fax hardware.
- do you have a blog?! Liking your tweets. Seems friendly.
Merry Christmas you wonderful old Building & Loan!
Thank you so much~ Have a great one!
You mean it? Abe tends to beat me at everything! (e.g. presidential election winning, top hat styling, beard grooming)
Pay someones Toll today... and see what happens...
I love you sweet tea!!!
Im tired of the hospital
#NP Soul Asylum "Runaway Train" How on earth did I get so jaded life's mysteries seem so faded.
Phones are crazy, one of our systems is down and I am here by myself. Happy Friday!
i like ovechkin but stepan and mcdonagh are on new york.. looks like a win win situation to me
Tomorrow morning, right after the House Party announces VIP box tickets Dana & Kandee will be making a pretty big concert announcement!
We've switched servers and are having some issues getting the new feed recognized. Episode 66 will be up ASAP. Thanks for hanging with us.
Any Mayans out there willing to work on a new calendar so we can shut up the doomsayers?
whats club butter twitter name
Never wanted to be in my pj's collapsed on my bed more in my entire life...
Dog fight in Dallas
When wasn't it? How's the outlook... looking?
Likely story.
: Thank you for becoming my twitter friend!
Good seeing you guys , too! I had a blast.
Reports of a SECOND BREACH to Sony's Playstation networks, putting 8,500 user accounts out in the open. More at 5:30 on
I love your little princess! I, myself, will always be a Daddy's girl too!
when you tear your straw wrapper & no one's thinking of you <
... and I guess it aint just to get in free to a bunch of showcases!
RT: The system trys 2 condition us. Sumtime it works. But more often than not, we the resistance will find a way 2 fight the ma ...
I also remember feeling that same way about Elder Scrolls back in 2002 :)
There buying up the stuff as fast as I get it posted.
Go #Kentucky. That is all.
: it all depends on the #cheapest city and the right location #gettoitlocationPA's :/
The Vow looks good to watch but some people font like the ending?
Ugh! I am such a wuss. I didn't do any physical labor today, aside from riding my bike, and I feel beat! Another early night for me.
When u want ur stuff back
Qbs are playing to their 40's now. I take weeden leading this team for 10 yrs while we develop othe qbs
The best part about a bologna sandwich, in the morning, is realizing halfway through that bologna is gross and throwing the rest out
Thanks for the follow and the RT!!
"They sat b/c you didn't hassle them; you lost control of them 20 min. ago"on control of class & teen's develop. need to move
Reading is like eating. Whenever I finish a great story, I tend to sigh and then have an urge to go for a walk.
thanks for sharing that.
Thanks. You guys have got a hell of a tight end. Kids a stud
Marquette v. Murray St. game is madness
what benefits have you seen for yourself?
A hot dog cart is not a food truck and a Taco bus is not gourmet. Tampa bay, get going on this delicious trend, we are hungry.
Takeout & Delivery = more time to sleep! Holler!
im up!
Thanks for the tip--will do.
Strangely accusatory, adversarial tone in that Kotz article. Comes off like there's some kind of civil rights struggle at stake.
Thanks for the shoutout. Glad to be tweeting with you.
ty for the amazing support Matt!!!
Everybody follow me ill show u n tell u some real true shit.
"You can't change how people feel about you, so don't try. Just live your life and be happy."
I seen it all, Galaxy cufflinks, now they don't ever scratch a record do they?
Dying for some Cheetos and Pepsi now. Thanks,
So if I died to day I'd die a happy man
I'll be back with a pic! I support this.
Chill with $2 Texas Beers tonight @ the goat... $2.50 classic burger deals too!!!
Twitter and are ruining my life. It's one o'clock and I have to get some work done...not laugh like a hyena.
yea my old ones ripped so Nike gave me new ones. :)
That moment of regret when you realize you're waisting your time.
Teen Digital Advisory is joining forces w/ Teen Night event to gather peer feedback for teen tech project
So fuckin tired and hung over. Just want to go home.
Mompreneurs to follow:
Hey guys.. how close are you to opening the indoor seating near Jeld Wen?
Catti Smith would be an excellent name for one of your new ones.
It?s inspirational for people to see their neighbors? home and garden - Judy Sullivan
Todays' Magic Relationship word is: CONNECTION.
I'm learning a few cover tunes. Any requests? If I pick yours, I'll tweet the video from my youtube
based at Kingman island but probably out on a boat with press for most of the morning. Looks like a beautiful morning shaping up!
skiing is like skiing
tonight! Take me back. #imisscollege. Enjoy young bloods!
I feel like I'm I'm a zombie apocalypse in Boston.
Negroni & manhattan were excellent & the food wasn't bad ;) MT : we look forward to seeing you again is ready
Getting ready to go to my grandma's funeral soon. I'm meeting lots of family members I didn't know I had. Praying for their happiness. :)
Come in for our happy hour specials soon!!!
We are meeting in the Indiana State Library - Indiana Authors Room. We will be tweeting every fifth application.
How fast would Edward Rooney have caught Ferris Bueller today by following him on Twitter?
My $ound'$ 2016,im The Future!!!! Haters hatin cause they sound of the past.
#AlexandRobertTweetTweet follow me follow me #AlexandRobertTweetTweet follow me x3
If brownies are out, what should I bring at the end of the month?
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter
Your past doesn’t define your future. Today is a new day. Walk in it with confidence and boldness!!
So sleepy, but I can't sleep...why?
Done with idiotic people. Just don't care anymore!
This game tho
and things were going so much better...
Ok, it's probably best that I get off Twitter.
Too perfect for words! Has his daddy's chops 4sure.
Running With Country Music All-Stars: A Running Playlist
Vincent just Retweeted that Rat. Lmfaoooo.
so how the dudes in cali? (;
Do you know your characters? If you don't, we can't.
Hey thanks! We are stoked you like what we do! ": nice clothes friends !!"
Wow..my baby is almost done with pre k omg..I feel like she jus started! Time is not on my side lol..she's growin up too fast :(
Our Sausalito Opening features 2 New Artistic Movements: Romantic Avant-Garde and Idealistic Abstractionism. This is the Future of Fine Art
Big ups to for winning the #EOW MC Challenge!!! #accapellaRound!!!
the fire is gone,my feelings stay, what the fuck is wrong?
just heading out to gig lu....what about chooo?
it's a long season, even the best have off day..keep head up and focused! You're part of reason we are on top
What would do for a klondike bar? xD
How late are you guys open and do you have Wifi?
Hello Twitter!
I'll be sleeping all day till my baby texts me
New lineup for the Black Division of the Woodland Conference in boys hoops ... Eisenhower, N.B. West, Pius, Tosa West, Greendale, Pewaukee.
....my heart broke just a little bit more...
Awesome! Glad we could help. See you in a few hours.
People who parent other people's children via Facebook need to put a sock in it.
True that. Sometimes you have to move on. If it's not meant to be, then don't force it, it's not even worth it.
its gettin old really quick lol
Welcome to twitter!
King of Fighters XIII team has been decided. Duo Lon, Kim, Chin. I have a lot of work to do.
Wine tasting with cheese, chocolate, bread and fruit this afternoon, and a fashion show tonight. Good day!
"indiana has a lot of athletes. They are long and incredibly physical so you cant ignore them." - Stephen A Smith on the Pacers chances
come on that laker site you retweeted is trolling, that was a vicious elbow to the head that ended up being a concussion
And I was so excited..
bootleg theater tomorrow night in LA!
an unnamed union shill through a hissy-fit. His name rhymes with Zielinski.
The Goodlettsville fields are so much nicer than the Hendersonville fields.
Do we really need another Three Musketeers movie?! Haven't we already seen/read this story a billion times already?!
Good morning!
- thanks for the RT as well!
Holy shit, I almost gave a fuck.
RT Fabulous Sunday: baked treats followed by coffee & convo market - abridged power walk due to wind chill
Loved our hike today - thanks ladies!! Mayreni and Steph!
you know me too well!
I just got a pizza for $0.22 using a coupon. Not too shabby!
Thanks for sharing your presentation at SoCon12 on ! You did a great job sharing information and insights!
This warm humid weather is the bomb
do they have skill or talent?
Of course there is a guy smoking a joint right outside the door of the hotel. That is how you know you are in California.
One day closer till school is out.
I love it how there are a thousand poker rooms on the strip but were playing online...thats new school poker
Driving down to Chicago to work an event at the Double Door and "Not Your Fault" by is playing on the new alternative station!
What a night!
This is so true live it and love it thx!!!!
You watch "Happy Endings" and "Apt. 23" ?
Congrats on the event. We look forward to more book festivals in the future!
Master Theatre Teacher Maurice Lamee shares his observations and tips Monolgues in his latest video...
Just got off work and will tuning in tonight! :)
Spring Jam 2012 time to get weird
<----- Sprung ass motherfucker.
Perfect weekend for an outdoor shoot with the fam
"A game layer on top of life is here already" says MTV's research lead at
Yes! Another day to make a difference in somebody's life.
Facebook is mad wack LMS if you love Jesus or like my status for a TBH people are mad thirsty for attention these days
#BroLies, playing now with your vag.
RT : I can say that no matter the outcome, I'm proud of the Pens. Don't think I can say the same for the refs or Flyers.
The Latest from CES You can now play your PS3 games on your Xbox 360, all while using a Nintendo 3DS as a controller.
Ready to rock my new cut tomorrow <U+2702>
thank u sis well I'm gonna go to bed goodnight love ya xoxo TTYLXOX
That awkward moment when hubby stares at the pimple on your forehead then interrupts you with, "Wait, I think it's communicating with me."
I put a spell on you and now you're mine
no quitting just yelling
u have a Grover nose
I swear this oath: my summer will revolve around the # of shows we can see and the # of people from familia we can meet.
Need a new date to homecoming old one was on some dumb shit! How wants to go
Oh and how would I know anything without you?
If interested Looking for Players in Denver area for Fantasy Basketball League.Fee is $50 with prizes up to $500. Please send Direct Message
yeah it sucks. And I really need some sleep:/
I wish Brooke Valentine popped out with Big Boi Saturday so they could preform Girlfight. Taking me back to my middle school days.
"When it comes to eating right and exercising, there is no "I'll start tomorrow." Tomorrow is disease." - Terri Guillemets (thank you...
Excited for tomorrow's #fightwinter work out challenge!
RT : #epatcon We have to learn from the narrative to improve Health Care. This is not marketing this is R&D.
The National Weather Service says BWI briefly hit 90 this afternoon, tying the heat record set in 2002.
cooking. yum
hey guys, just playing on snoopy street fair! so cute! xx lol xx snoopy is so cute ! he's a begale !
Ikr. It would be great if we had home court advantage! We'll see
Can't sleep wtf!!!
I've been thinking about doing an Ignite! RT : Wld lv to c u do an Ignite.
...yeah, always a bad idea.
sorry to miss you too, jack! loving life and would be great to reconnect soon. keep on doing well by doing good! :)
Hello World, hope your Week was all that you wanted it to be!
Need a job so badly!
yall fags got practice?
do you go there often?
RT : some times doing something dumb is the smartest thing to do
My knee hurts so bad
Indo ELF's tweets make me very happy.
thanks for asking! He didn't need quarantine and he's settled and happy! My cat rocks :)
DJ Styles will be spinning at a FREE NYE Party at The Dirty Bird Lounge, 29308 Mission Blvd, Hayward. 10-2 Stop thru if you're in the area.
know how much it hurts me. So when you came back at me in all CAPS and went off on me I was like fuck it!
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 21
so out of this AM I just accidentally cut 20 ppl in starbucks line...luckily its the Midwest so no one punched me!
Food Fact of the Day: March 6, 1912 Nabisco debuts the Oreo cookie. A red letter day in the history of cookies!
Goodnight twitter world! Off tomorrow so im gonna sleep my ass off!! Talk to yall tomorrow. Sweet dreams everyone! :-)
I just finished a 3.58 mi run with a time of 28:15 with Nike+ GPS.
Happy Christmas Eve from Firefly!
I have to agree with you on that one
we know it's you, Yas.
#HillerHelps - Texas Law allows for a 'discernment counselor' who can determine if reconciliation makes sense.
RT Be sure to support ALPHA Xi DELTA's Autism Awareness! Wear your blue
The finality of that last retweet is painful. Gonna miss that guy and his hoops classmates.
Kendall mix or Don mix?
Whoa. This new Timeline thing is pretty cool.
You're losing me. Slowly but surely. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
There is no such thing as PC and Not PC. It is really just Humor and the lack of Humor. ,)
We love Halloween! Play your costume up with makeup, glitters,bright colors! Black, purple lipstick everything goes!
Can't wait to chow down on some guac at #paladar. Love stuffing face with the girls:)
And the Mets are giving him a tribute tonight. Disgraceful.
“ It knows that words aren't needed when you take somebody's hand. –Christopher Robin”
Dentist & now some Jack in the box (:
because your crazy
Way to go Jessica Simpson. First, you eat enough to stare an entire country, then you name your baby girl a boy's name, bravo!
Pedicures are for winners. #hencewhyi'mgettingone
We hope so too -- but we doubt it. They work at a hoity toity institution, so their self-inflation is up by 50%.
I can't wait to do a whole lotta nothing with you!
did you forget something in your Story about #citibank arrests. We suggest you go FIX the story.
I had 1 of those too. Even after explaining that I am only accepting friend requests from ppl I actually know-she tried again
your new work is simply amazing!
Nothing sexier than a beautiful, tan, dark-haired female.
lol oh u know it big 27 I feel old saying that lol
Happy Birthday!! Hope you have an amazing day :)
what exactly does that mean? Is Kraft willing to build a SS Stadium? Player signings? How is he willing to succeed?
the dance floor is sticky. i can live with that.
get it in bro
How could you overlook it though? its huge
Wow, tickets moving fast today - don't miss out!
MT Press should really tell Carney re "not making news": Our job is to decide what's news, yours is to answer the damn question
Has anyone gamed where you ride over a predetermined route, or time periodand try to list as many different WIFI networks as you can?
God wants you to live out your dreams
#GoRabbits!! RT : Long Beach ca!! Home of the scholars and champs long beach poly!!!
Two of our last three presidents came form single parent homes you assholes.
OH: "you can get two of 'em for a penny."
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho beat your ass with a belt... Too bad it was attached to them.
If u got so many issues with Islam, y don't u show some guts & renounce it publicly & tell every1 who & what u r ?
he told me he`s coming i believe this month
hey wats your favorite color
Why did everyone get really excited at Willy T when nothing even happened?
#1000HaitianWaysToDie EARTHQUAKE! Too soon?
Today I have discovered the mouthgasm that is the buttery-soft caramel dipped in dark chocolate and sprinkled with gray sea salt.
TGIF!! Any fun weekend plans!? Who's going to the beach!?
Fuck the Rangers..
About to go live with more on Seaus death. I looked at public docs/court records trying to find out what might have led to this
I hear #starbucks is now serving wine and beer? Is this true, and if so where?!
Mohegan Sun smelled like my grandma's house <3
Check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com to get all of your favorite toys for children at any age!
happy birthday to one of my favorite girls, <3
no stealing kei! :)
this shift has drug on forever and I still have 2 hours left!
You just hope those guys wearing that uniform do well to bring honor and winning to the clothing
awesome I'ma celebrate when u do
": Chocolate martinis is my new favorite :) thanks " they are bomb
Taking the day in stride
what's wrong babe?
“: Do you like it?” it's ok. Not a big fan of it.
A big shout-out to my 100th Twitter follower , who wins a buffet-style dinner at one of Indiana's most "Golden" establishments!
Chicago has 69 points omg
uh i bored anyon else out there bored
and that one man is going to be a great man that will treat her right..and have her take the chance out of lesbianism. lol. 1 GUY.
#PSAT tomorrow..i refuse to take it!!!
follow Then you'll get it.
great minds indeed! LOL
.....Sorry.......I shouldnt have been so hard on you...I suffered the same injury...unfortunately not from a FERRARI
I think I need a long hot bubble bath. Literally the most perfect day.
they just think i'm going crazy.... ur the only one that understands
Need to read yr book--110% agree: "critical myopia has cast Whitman as the solitary singer"
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Pizzeria Mozza - Pizza (live updates)
RT : Colts GM Ryan Grigson told reporters Wed. that he has decided who to take with the #1 pick, but we wouldn't reveal who.
Haha, I saw they made it for android! It's funny how we were just talking about that today!!
So I'm really thinking Chipotle when I leave my internship tomorrow.
everything happens for a reason....does it????
Too $hort "gangster" with on !!!!
really doe but shit like dis jus make da mamba go haywire
"duh" -Obama
RT That moment of glory when you find out everyone hates the same person you hate.
talk about august of last year ...sorry we don't pillow talk updates on life.
Waiting for this pizza!
Well here comes another one....I'm on Santa Monica and Robertson!!! #freeballin RT : LAPD has naked guy in custody
There is NOTHING I hate more than people who DON'T do their job. F'n snow plowing lazy buttheads! Plow the freakin ROADS, nimrods.
When the dust settles, the STILL underrated CARDS will STILL be top of NFC West & RAMS will STILL be at bottom, don't let Pre Seas fool u!
Rick Perry says "this campaign has never been about the candidates. I ran for president because I love America."
The LovingLocal.com website development is in full swing. If you know of a great local business, let us know and we'll feature them!
Fish Fry Friday! Cod is served with french fries and coleslaw and walleye is served with potato pancakes and house veggies! Yum!
I have two growlers w me. ;) I will ask my hubs and text if plausible that we could stop.
JoeL, JoeL, JoeL... Of Course Not. no need to go There. At 60, I'm just so sorry for th loss of Better Times
If you have an concern, please send an email to and ask for it to be directed to a supervisor.
Lmao, that was a failure.
He will turn 3 next month. “: Nice....getting big brotha.”
Will a "Who Do You Think You Are" season premiere viewing party will be held in a room at the library, like last year?
I WANT JACK!! xD
We are accepting walk-ins for our $10 Shampoo & Set special 6320 Winchester Road
Typo--Earthquakes can't KEEP us from having the Crab Feast. See everyone Saturday!
Hearing my own voice gives me mixed emotions. #sloppyshowtoday RT : ...I can hear you while i type, this is...
its annoying when people text me to make plans last minute...
Windows Paint doesn't have shit on Google Drawing. Trust me...
Will give me $50 to own MY hat. Its a collectors item.
OKC may be the trendy pick but folks are going to sleep on the Lakers.
Yeah, it's definitely wine-focused. As long as you take it somewhat seriously and read through the study guide, it's a snap.
This convo on my TL is in fact
Feeling lucky? Make the less fortunate feel as lucky as you this St. Patty's Day. Donate to our bin @ Champions Pub from March 16th-20th.
on location waiting for 2 knuckleheads to finish doing bicep curls in the squat rack. Geez!
Damn, I would really like some nachos & a cocktail right about now...
Ruth's Chris-bound for one last work meeting before full #Coachella preparation madness takes over.
i think it's funny when Roshon makes fun of me trying to do an imitation of his signature dance move.
There is more to life than increasing its speed. via
We should see them, they're an hour away from here in july
do you bookmark in different places, or just one? I just Diigo-ed a bunch of links, but am rethinking.
Thats hard to do with all the anti hacking efforts of Directv.
Giving to charities that have a top guy getting most of the money instead of the people that really need it is bull crap!
You've been hurt before, I can see it in your eyes. Don't try to hide it, somethings you should not disguise.<U+2665>
Liking Star Wars, Pokémon, and LOTR and shit like that doesn't make you a nerd you fuckwads.
“: 1 universe, 8 planets, 204 countries, 804 islands, 7 seas, 7 billion people and my heart still tells me it's you.”
So jealous you are going to the WHCD!! Love celebrity sightings!! Miss you! Let's hang out soon!!
So sad
“ Listen IT'll NEVER HAPPEN AGAIN!!!! Trust me!!!!”
Ugh, I feel terrible...
Why are you so adorable?
you're welcome :)
First name: Tangelar. Is this like one of the word scrambles where you can make 20 words from just 1?
The guys in the chatroom right now loving the gains on #KMAG and
It should be the same with those services.
Fathers hug your daughters and continue to guide them to the right type of guys. Our job is never over. 26 is not enough!
RT : Txt "Haiti" to 90999 to donate. 100% of your $10 donation passes to for Haiti relief. Cell carrier keeps nothing.
1n2d is on tonight and I cant wait
#YouCuteAndAllBut your too chunky to be wearin that...
i wish i could go to texas!
One last day....
We have arrived as a Chicago church. Ronnie Woo-Woo just showed up
#Faith in your #heart for all things #good and #true will bring #love #peace and #contentment. #Misery only comes when you miss the mark.
“: Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.”
"Nothing is secure but life, transition, the energizing spirit." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
RT : Funding mechanism for judicial system passes committee. Now we're on to a proposed "cigarette user fee increase"
son of a female dog. Flaming butt holes?
You get the feeling Jeff Ireland is going to start talking up Matt Moore soon.
New Video Tips coming soon!
Anybody got a direct # 4 Lee Daniels? We want him @ 3rd beyond borders:diversity n Cannes Symposium. we diverse he diverse #nobrainer LOL
Hello Everyone!!!! i just follow 6 more people if i didnt follow you back let me know ok :)
Tonight you'd like to sing karaoke and dance your ass off...so, head to Karaoke at the Attic in Madison Park 9pm!
Wow!!!! Sad news to hear about Junior Seau's tragic death!!!! RIP. His family must be devastated.
So remember that time yesterday when I got to hangout with one of the Rolling Stones... That was fun.
where are you?
That which doesn't kill me has be everything so far
Trying stuff we never tried before at our show on Friday at the Cherrywood in Blackwood, NJ
1603 needs to be extended -- Tax Credits aren't proper, let's take note from the leaders of #solar and then pass them
Im up to damn early bro why cnt track meets start at 1:00 im tired then mama wanna trip over dishes man
Did you know GSA has a schedule for Temporary and Administrative Professional Staffing?
thanks for the suggestions I'm always looking for new worship :)
OH WAIT HEDDY IT'S YOU HI
27% of all emails opened on a mobile device -- wow! MT
Happy Milwaukee Day!
for you .. Of course!
Travis has been shredding guitar in the basement for over an hour. My ears are bleeding.
Having a great day! Reading over scripts, figuring out production things, just so many amazing things that are happening right now!
i stepped on a rock & cut my foot. it still hurts today. never going outside at night w/ out shoes anymore!
Adding to my (shoulder) #pain on first-ever physical therapist visit, nearby patient enthused about getting #Kraftwerk tix, as I failed to.
An instagram picture would've been nice to accompany that tweet.
Awesome. Thanks boo face. :)
I need a job
Don't ever forget who you are. You are created by God, redeemed by Christ. Therefore, don't ever let anyone take the heart out of you.
"Midnight in Paris" foreign box-office is actually $48.5, so the film has now reached a total of $101.4 million!
Staxx in my jeans.
Pip, the Mini, is all better now. And it's sunny out. I'm happy.
Especially when they are as amazing as gucci's!!!
We will be joining thousands of food safety professionals at the Food Safety Summit in April in D.C. , anyone else going?
If at first you dont succeed, dust your self off and try again.
I KNOW OASOIFSHOIASHOIFHSA.
Has anyone seen Zach in the last year?
Also taking Oregon Moneyline to beat Stanford !!! Oregon is going to run run run all over them !
Too much Terrelle Pryor for the Ducks.
Me; were so gay. ; I'm gay. Lololololol
Chris Evans is both Captain America and The Human Torch in Fantastic Four...I ain't even mad tho.
so is trademarking the new thing?? I wanna jump on this bandwagon
#followme and I will follow u back
Is it cool if I hold your hand? Is it wrong if I think it's lame to dance? Do you like my stupid hair?
That's so cool! Is this her first year at camp? It's fun to find active things for them for summer. Keep up the great work!
I stand with great humility in the long shadow of your literary prowess, albeit proudly.
I thought it actually meant some
Thanks for that post, Jenna.
No I'm not crying in a bar simply because this girl ISN'T butchering "I Will Always Love You."
what how is it already noon? time needs to sloowww the fuck down
dessert for breakfast? Yay or nay?
Oh kick some ass also.
absolutely. Praying fr you brother. Keep your head up!
I really liked it! kinda sad though, especially since its based on real people. I really want to read hunger games. thats next
if you were elected state rep would you support concealed carry on campus?
congrats baby ;)
We disappoint the sun? So then it IS the same Adam who writes those songs!
I just saw that crime in China is on the rise. I'm not surprised. Have you ever seen their handcuffs?
Looking forward to the midnight movie tonight at The Oriental Theatre "Karate: Robo Zarbogar"...what are your faves for #mff2011?
Good Morning TAAP Fans!
thanks for the follow
I bet! My little bros gf is all over any guy and I keep telling my bro but he's so "in love" with her -.-
Dangerously Delicious Pies is running dangerously low on pies right now.
YouTube Users: Has anyone had success adding a banner to your page using the new youtube layout without being a content partner? Thanks!
Follow ur Boy, I'm going places. New Movie n All.
Looking to steer clear of the mayhem? We've got your pour right here. Plus the patio!!
You Make me laugh&cry but I love you & that's it I just want to see you happy one last time I really Do want you in my life
Just lost a follower! Wtf bro D;
you are one of my sleepers this year! i feel a breakout year for you guy!
Woah. This boy got me crazy. This is a new experience..
In my Sam Cooke voice--->"A change gonna come!" I need to slow down a bit and ask for wisdom in this situation...Twitter fam help!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm working way too hard... Smh.
I was a fan before Teen Hoot, but afterwards I was an even bigger fan! I love you! :) <>
aw my twitter changed... :(
send me the link
Its out of my control now. Hoping for the best but preparing for the worst.
It's a brilliant, stunning, ultrafast, breakthrough, revolutionary device that has once again redefined everything. (higher resolution)
#20ThingsAboutMe i messed up so much in my life i move around jus 2 try and start fresh
I watched the whole first season yesterday.
I miss you too pookey bear!
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328> 32
Thank God i had a spare tho
Thanks for having the crew on!! You rock!
gonna be at sunrise mall today if u want tix sooner :)
How detailed do you want it?
literally just stared at my Xbox for at least a minute trying to decide if I should play nba2k or go to bed
I want some ramen so bad right now.
Happy thirsty thursday errbody! never stop makin that cake $ $ $
I didn't even noticed that still now about saint louis
Lite: the new way to spell Light, now with 20% fewer letters!
Is that the same bih that had on forces though!!?? Lol!! I still CANT
its "Money owns this town"
Just picked up all my home studio equipment on the cheap thanks to ! Startin production from the ground up!
Aye! Stay away from flash!
"Is this a business proposal or a Dadaist manifesto?" - my husband, after reading about one of my organization's strategic initiatives.
thanks...will ask you some DM questions regarding the access factor as I use a wheelchair. I'm cool adapting the movements
its hot af there. Like its moisty. Your gunna do ALOT of walking
Thanks for the retweet, MIranda!
#EarthDay 2012!!! Have you tried our fruit and nut spice granola?
seeing flogging molly in june with hannah, deb and my dad \m/
dude if you fine a girl like that propose on the spot she has been blessed
I'm ready to go home , gma getting on my nerves!
We're excited to welcome our new Monkey, Becky Nickerson to the Treehouses! She will be teaching 9am Mon/Wed in Midtown Yoga Flow!
Need to go to duke cuz I don't feel like sittin in wake med all nite
After your last tweet, I can't get the sound of Herman Cain singing Summertime out of my head.
Without spilling the beans, we have so many cool #solar products in final production and can't wait to share them with our Twitter Fans!
Happy 65th Birthday Freddie Mercury!
U will stop saying the devil made me do it when you realize Satan at his best can still only operate within the parenthesis of God's sov ...
i am very upset I didn't see u today! We really r not destined :(
Nope. You weren't. They're called both. The "pad" is for the ruled writing pads that slip into them.
so what if this world just throws me off the edge, my feet run out of ground?
Expressing our gratitude with words is not as empowering than living by them in our everyday lives. HAPPY THANKSGIVING DAY
OH: (my daughters in the other room) "He is risen!" - Anna "He is risen indeed!" - Celia <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Mothers Day is this Sunday! Give the gift of beauty~ from Rose facials to gorgeous fragrances let us inspire you to find the perfect gift
Lending pick on somebody your own size
I almost turned the game off, glad I didn't!
god i hope so!
Loading in for the show at HOB. Take off ur dancing shoes and party with us tonight! Thats right, take em OFF!
WHY AM I SO TIRED ?!
well, I got the best :)
seriously though you should come over. I have Ruby Redbird and space bags.
just watched Groundhog Day for the 20+ time, still laughing, still moved. what made the last day special? he stopped trying to escape.
East bound and down Rollin up and truckin #catalyst Dallas
just wanna breakfast in hurry..!!:)
Last NYC thoughts: Best looking men are in TriBeCa & West Village.
I love my mother <U+E418><U+E022>
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise! PC is here to help!
They are great women! RT : , Thx 4March article on 's Cami and Stacie. They are truly doing a great...
Lukas Nelson & Promise Of The Real: Check them out on David Letterman Tonight and at Canal Club on May 15th.
Using echo phone. Will try it now. :)
you're still welcome at most of our drinking events, which are monthly! as is of course! (best twitter name!)
I worried to much.
Bloomington Reason to Hope, Wed, April 18th, 8-9 a.m. Chapman’s Restaurant & Banquet Center,300 South State Road 446,Bloomington
Damn you, Twitter profile! Why did I have to confess my evil houseplant killing ways to the interwebs?! Why?! *shakes fist at sky*
Now that we have launched nursery version 2.0, and I are celebrating at margaritas.
do you want to be my valentine? check yes or no. seriously, i accept checks.
RT : "What we used to settle with common sense or a fist, we settle with hand sanitizer and lawyers." -
That's a paraphrase of von Braun -- "A vision without funding is only an hallucination."
We are please to announce that Jae Kim and Christina Kelsey have joined as Salespersons
MY WEDDING VOWS: i knew we were destined to be together ! You are the cheese to my macaroni and the PB to my J ! MARRY ME !
It is a sin to believe in evil of others, but it is seldom a mistake.
I refuse to eat cantaloupe at a
i not high thats a joke lol, Come to the Hollywood Improv in 2 weeks my show is going down.
Hey! Just saw this! Still learning this twitter stuff-tryin to get used to it
Thanks so much Sir! I truly appreciate you :-)
#TheAwkwardMoment When You Suddenly Remeber Something Hilarious in A Silent Situation..!
yess I'm going through withdraws! You should understand with how much you talk about tanning
A good leader must be a servant, and must be willing to leave when the people he is leading says, “Stop! Don’t lead us any more!”
great job from the NE Revs supporter groups, showing solidarity.
#SWEETDREAMS TONIGHT!!! ALL GREEKS FREE TIL MIDNIGHT!!! I REPEAT THE AKAs HAVE REQUESTED IT SO WE DELIVER!! GREEKS FREE AT
Yes, I've actually been doing it for 2 and a half years straight. Welcome to the real world.
Happy Monday! How's your week starting out?
Watching 'Beer Wars'... good stuff.
Sit down, Granderson
thanks! I don't really need another pig tshirt, but this one was just too good to pass up.
toc bar this friday !! COME SEE THE COLDEST performers in HOUSTON!! get your drink on and enjoy the summer time
lol i love it! Just sitting outside as long as i can take it b4 it rains
#IfItWasUpToMe everyone would dress like Man Men characters :)
don't disrespect my team
that's taxpayer resources well spent
yes! See you soon brother. Where is the show?
RT: “: I especially like idea of surveying students about what they want. More testing? Bet not.”
GTL is my
Can't wait
The Friday Thinker is coming up at 9:30 am. We've got a twist for you today, so don't miss it!
give me head
Porcupines float in water
How long are you in Portland??
#FiveYearEngagement is really funny. Watch it and laugh!
no worries.
Headed out to tosa. Walters to be exact. Haven't been there since it smelled, looked and tasted like like an ashtray. Hope things are better
We're selling books with prices raised, nothing free. www.sullivanstpress.com/publications.
#HellInACell worst PPV in a long time.
only wishes she could block me.... (;
we started testing it yesterday it looked ok. Seemed like it was just pulling Google KWR tool's data though
* Honey Cocaine Flow :D ...
!awire Exciting game..but, GB will beat either one
I am pretty sure you'd see it on Park Ave. fur lined as well
I need to thin out my hair. Anyone know how to do that?
It happens at midnight every Sunday.
no stop it!!! We can't grow up, we still have to be those 7th grade girls that everyone thought were twins. #GoodbyeLA :(
Finally ordered my #ipad - patience is not my best quality.
I miss my daughter
thank you. Any and all support is greatly appreciated.
That walk with my mom made me sleepy. A shower and nap are in order....
and get live calls from ^_^
This weekend will be beautiful!
my office is quite full!
Im not fucking with someone who only cares about fame and materialism. Money isnt real, its a painful illusion so is your ego
Does anyone have any exciting #summerplans?!
All my teammates are getting awesome haircuts for the world series. This is my last chance. I need ideas for one
Im in love with song #IDGAF its basically how i feel today :)
I like Andrew Luck but he'll be lucky to play at Andy Dalton's level in his first season.
MODELS DEPENDING ONLY ON BODY & UR LOOK ISN'T GOING 2 CUT IT ALONE. ITS GOING 2 PUT U IN THE SAME CATEGORY AS OTHERS. SELL THE LOOK!
SOMEBODY PLEASE TELL ME HOW TO STREAM THE BASKETBALL GAME RIGHT NOW!!!!!
Anyone with advice on having wood flooring put in would be greatly appreciated.
I got the perfect make up idea 4 2nite!!!!
HD Derrick Rose 2011 Mix HD<U+200F>.flv
Chaos, Void & Tranquility...
In second block hoping it goes by fast.
Here I go.. unplugging and tuning out. Camping here I come! See y'all Monday!
I will slice your neck with… man that was weird.
Chicken & waffles and Grace's Song are calling your name!
Ok, so now I'm coloring with new friends at the collaborative drawing club in the #aam2012 expo ...and eating cupcakes. Cc:
Ha, yes that makes more sense. I'd assumed there was some bizarre physics term at play - 'Giant Rat Atom' eg
what would be a good audition song for into the woods?
Eastbound and Down vs. Downton. Night o nights.
So............. WalMart has a Reese's PEANUT BUTTER Cup ice cream cake!!!!!!! Cake cake cake cake -_____-
ADVERTISING QUOTES: Never write an advertisement which you wouldn't want your family to read. ~David Ogilvy
thank you dear
early august might be best for attendees involved in education. it would give teachers, students a better chance at attending.
You will be a winner today. Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
Ed Orser announcing the Arnold Prize for best article on Baltimore history w/ $500 prize.
You said you loved me but oh now you flippn like recipricals.
Going home and eating a bowl of soup and going to bed............. end of story!!
i come home from school and do whatever to just chill and you get mad...ugh
“: The colder the room you sleep in, the better the chances you’ll have a bad dream” explains your screaming?
oh great call on Chris Sabo!
I'LL TAKE WHAT'S IN THE BOX
Please follow he needs fans! Haha I got your back Tevin:)
Things happen for a reason.
Got to pack, get organized and geared up for #ewomen2010 conference. Can't wait until tomorrow morning to head downtown. Whoop!
I love a hater get em
Some one please tell me this is a bad joke...... I see R.I.P. Marco Simoncelli? I was up watching live @ 1am watching but fell asleep....
Lil Bro Knocked that fat lol
Chillin with my homies on skyscraper alley
MP!!! You're on twitter!! How's life mister I haven't see you in forevaaaaaa XOXO
Meetings all day...then Detroit to Ft. Myers...my skin will tramsform from edaward to jacob,
Absolutely perfect tonight! Love the outfit!
Oz is working with Brad from The Shed in Misisippi on a NEW Dessert that uses his BBQ Sauce as a base flavor...more to follow...
all them jobs u work lol
hey bro, SICK guitar solo on Yaweh
Still a few tickets left for tomorrow night's match. GREAT deal for tickets in a fantastic viewing area.
These wings I'm bout to fuck up doe >
The one serious conviction that a man should have is that nothing is to be taken too seriously.
My tail's last name is Byrd.
lol ! I love this ! :) can you put up the one me, you, and took in the car? <3
#ideas2action study hall: think their product takes student standpoint Actually think they are THE product that takes this position.
it does! I know where I'm going now! :D
The day I actually wanna go to school
and the vultures start to circle ...
Flying home tonight!!! NYC !!! Fucka ya
Scientific studies show that people who are lactose intolerant are really just racist against cows,
Its 12, where da flack is le sun? I'm tryna start the day yo
We may fight , but no fight will ever change the feelings I have for you nor will it change how bad I wanna be with you .
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
Learning about Chicago in Indian Country at Newberry Library
my mom wants to wish your mom a happy mothers dayy! Hope its iconic!! <3
Get nasty Jansen... GET NASTY. Bounce a breaking ball, then a high heater.
I'm watching on #Ustream!!!! :D she hides Reeces in her room!! Lol Follow?? Haha
Mention the movement!
oh man, i wish i had been inside so i could see you! how is the baby!!??
New track releasing today! #StayTuned ...
Do you have the iPad and a Kindle? If yes for both why? I'm debating. Have the iPad but have not read in bed with it yet.
Stupid spinach dip.
"Gotta get home to watch Garfield Goose" - our mailman
Take your child to work day today.... Uh no I'm okay :)
All the info you need to know about Jeremy's new movie Hiding coming out on June 26th! Including the link to buy it!
you can paint mikes room whenever he moves in lol
Scotland, Ireland, Wales, Britain, Anaheim, it's all the same.
Replace your carbon-monoxide detectors every five years
yeah maybe later on when ur settled down with things
go slow, spend time developing the relationship
Countries worldwide are saving mothers’ and children’s lives at a faster pace | Institute for Health www.healthmetricsandevaluation.org
Awesome. 10-years ago today, Allen Iverson reminds everyone about "Practice".
Ah one more follower is all I need
Happy New Year!!
RT : So Foster the People is basically Passion Pit, right? In terms of both music and bizarre sudden popularity?
Omg parents why must you kill my mood!!?? Just let me go out D;
I think more like "This fine upstanding young woman was merely posing a rhetorical question in a hypothetical situation."
"she hypersucked my neck"
Where has the time gone? Tis May tomorrow. still feels like it was March yesterday.... :T
bad boys aint no good, good boys aint no fun.
Please be couple on her graduation PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE..
Thank goodness for Easter break! Dallas tomorrow :)
Your #valentinesday dining guide: For classy and for cool and casual
you need to follow me.....
get well soon.
follow back?
Glad I could provide you with this gem.
Good luck!
yes i do lmaoo. thank you haha. you to :D
#TheLostBoys #BestSoundtrackEver??? I think it's in the discussion...
What happened to put Rubby on the DL?
I totally sold out this morning.
no prob, its just what I do
I will be at the wildcat walk at 4:15
If there is spooning in bed...Then would there eventually be a fork in bed?
What people do for attention......... Smh
#fallforum AASL in Oregon Portland soon to begin
well I do too! If I was in the middle to the desert! (:
spending everyday in P.E at the park. totally ok with this.
Perk of being an underemployed freelancer? I can go on a hike today, and do my work at night! :) Cheers to the sun.
#Actors - Ready your audition for anything. Practice standing up, sitting down, on and off camera, big and small space, and adjust yourself!
RT : Looking at so many cool #thatcamp se proposals from and others!
Pretty! I always wanted a Siamese!
I know, comfort me best friend:(
Many thanks to Chef Brust for the amazing meal and to Lauren, Mark W and Mark S for the after dinner coffee and conversation!
Listening to on this just can't be summer love...
when the rain causes us to have no direct tv <<<<<<<<<<
are you colorblind? If so, you are already at a great disadvantage.
Just like Air Force is a passing team, right D? RT: Did Stanley just say he thought Braxton Miller was the same QB he was last yr?
Yeah. Going to Orlando Magic playoff game tomorrow.
Kay, thanks (:
Whoever brings me a sweatshirt to the lib will be my new best friend
That's what my step dad gets for degrading me... He gets told off by me and my mom! Mhmm!
wow. Don't know which is sadder u quoting pretty woman or the fact the I know it
See, now I'm just confused. Come here.
RT : Q. What are some of the industries that are seeing a surge in social entrepreneurship?
Resisting the urge for Moes Monday
Kings vs. Lakers game tonight! Hope to see everyone at there. You won't want to miss out! Go Kings!
I'm confused what is everybody talking about TFJ?.
Just keep gradually increasing your mileage & be sure to allow time to recover between the long runs. You'll be there no problem!
enjoyed watching the Nadal vs Djokovic match thought Nadal was going to pull it out
I say we do it once a month to keep the karma rolling!
“: This morning I was twerking so hard in the shower that I slipped on the soap and almost broke my neck.”
I highly recommend the Pink Lime Frozt ! Passion fruit tea with lime, mixed into a refreshing frozen piece of heaven!
Dangerous start to the AM commute. Roads are slick in SD this morning. We're following several crashes that sent people to the hospital.
To get an Oreo Mcflurry
thanks for the follow, hope to connect more soon.
yes you are! Sadi is proof.
There are drunk Cubs fans on my train. 8am. So it begins.
Today & tomorrow to go....so close, yet SO far away
Lol RT : Ha! “: Insult to injury. 1st Hines retires now some Ravens fan wins the Mega Million. #SteelersNation”
One, it?s to make you comfortable, and the more comfortable you are the more creative you will become
Countdown to Mest, t minus 9 days!!! Can't wait, it's been 4 years!
Hilarious and true, thanks.
I slept a full 8 hours last night
#Giants champions, #Yankees winners, #Rangers advance, #knicks why u gotto do this to me.
Madison, please follow me <3
follow me plss
Paydays, the candy make everything better:) and I guess Pay Days are pretty good too
Time to burn some calories before the big weekend!!!!
The Conventional definition of mgmt is getting work done through people but real mgmt is developing people through work.
I know I'm late but goodmorning lol
Hi ! I drank in 2012 was an amazing '08 Sentoarte Cabernet from one of my favorite producers Corte Figaretto! What about you?
So I'm looking for other Chicago bands/musicians that would be interested in doing a cover trade. anyone interested?
RNG KILLED IT , BAILEY ANDERSON <3 AC SLATER AH MARIO!
BAHAHHAHAH WAIT... He's anthony? Omg.. So
Sad to see out of business. It's my neighborhood spot.
How can it be that I already look tired? That's what I'm hearing from my peeps @ work. Yawn...
Oh, Tupac. How I wish you'd lived to teach on and bring the world your music into this era. We could use a revolution...and some music.
Awesome time today at # itexpo Miami, lots of great marketing technology totally cutting edge, 2 more days of great peeps
There's never a bad time to listen to The Church's "Under the Milky Way," but right about now is probably the best.
i hate only seeing my dad every 2 weeks:( i fuckin hate divorces!!!! my dad is my favorite person on the world! i miss him</3
wherever you like! Pick the spot and we will meet you
GK, great to see you today! Hope your WH meeting went well.
Favorite answer at Congressional Financial Industry Inquire Commission: "I don't know" or "I don't remember". Remember "The Godfather".
Road snax: pears, apples, carrots, peppers, radishes. How long til Grg I busts out the dried seaweed?
Top 10 Beauty with a Purpose!! Ecuador, Ghana, India, Indonesia, Kenya, Philippines, Scotland, South Africa, Spain, Zimbabwe.
What a pass from Seguin. That was phenomenal. Was to finish Marchand,
I have finally fixed my computer I feel so caught up to the world right now
I just don't have the time but I'm going to start naming.
Sports center tried to fly petrino's mistress first class to the studio for an interview but she turned em down because she only rides coach
Hopefully makes for good JOKES!
Much needed staff outing at bjs.
yeah check your inbox
Why can't my father get enough"Walker Texas Ranger" or "Matlock"?
i can be manipulated only so many times before even "i love you" starts to sound like a lie.
If you weren't cool enough to go to SXSWi but want to read about the panels check out - written by #txst grad students
how about turning it off once.
I wonder what MLK's dream would have been on #AlphaBrain! ...."black people,white people even purple aliens..."
. that's why we invited to our fest, because they're awesome!
“: Just like that, 6 in a row!!! RT : Stewart is stopped! Kings are 1st in the Pacific! 3rd in the Western Conference!”
Getting a little tired of reading that publishers do *nothing* to promote books. Tell that to my family next time I'm working late (again)
Thanks for the #FF ! Loves it!
Am I hard enough, am I rough enough, am I rich enough...I'm not to blind to see.........
As the heat index rises so drops my productivity :) Hope everyone is having a good start to their summer.
Casting directors love a THANK YOU if you book something, by note or in person.
Kindergartners in Artesia dressed up in hats and bandannas and gathered in a school gym to sing songs—about cowboys and cowgirls and cattle.
As long as MAYHEM finally shows up! I vote next Football season be Rugby!! Is that how it works? Just a vote?
Any thing on how to hide and not look all emo? lol
Pitbull is somehow very attractive<3
Would've been good. Or anything with Jeff Spicoli RT : , during the Slacker segment, can we get "You're a slacker, McFly!"?
2 papers and 3 finals to go. Rock.
thanks for the info on aolstalker.com... seems really interesting
Reading Karen Rown's piece about mentorship in the latest WCJ.
hey why am I not following Matt
Ok I will email you? I'm failing at making a coherent, concise (#meta since that's what I'm talking about) tweet-answer :)
30 April 1862: “I hear that hot water pipes are arranged so as to ...
#cantbuystyle INDEED! One-trick ponies!
Start spring cleaning without lifting a finger. Enjoy downtown while we clean your vehicle. Ask for our complimentary concierge service.
Tired of spending hours searching castings only to find small projects not worth your time? We do the research and list castings in the app!
never heard of it... But ill try it out!
Excited to be presenting this Sunday in Alexandria, VA at conference. Focusing on the power of honesty, humility,humor
Mutual fund seeks to regain its glory The nine-manager team that runs this blue-chip-oriented portfolio has never been afraid to go again
You've never seen my guys eat, have you? Watch any nature doc on the piranha/goat for some insight.
Doors open to the public in a little over 3 hours. Get ready to PLAY!
has to time and see how long it takes to run to bank and home...
probly one of the better purposefully missed free throws I have ever seen. Usually throw see line drives that give no chance
It's only up from here no downward spiral
So sleepy...stretching and yawning like my 4 yr old
College Hoop Scores everynight but with the void of bigtime stars cause of 1 and dones all we care about is the tourney
thanks for sharing. she is amazing.
I have a love/hate relationship with popcorn.
Good Morning! What a beautiful day! Too nice to stay inside! Wonderful time to go and listen to T. Gozney Thornton at Sealy Flats tonight!
damn lol mean ass
Had a wonderful evening last night with and women's group talking about and empowering eaters
Blackmon goes to the Jags. Where recievers go to die.
Hey tho ;-)=> “: Hi. I saw you on the news..of course I did that's your job...Hi tho ”
could this be true?????? If so do you all take coupons? How much a plate?
Think ur awesome
Thank you for listing!
Last night I was so cross faded. I was seeing shit.
About to jump in the shower and get ready to hit the club tonight!!!!
Molly Parker. Anytime, anywhere.
uh not exactly. To qualify for date night there are no diaper changes allowed. But just as good as
Why does FBI have to get to the bottom of TM's murder? They have 911 tapes of him crying for help armed only with candy and soda? Justice?
Another sunrise... Another day of being awesome.
You can come sit by me.
"It was said that David Murray was born a man, but he evolved to take the form of our hopes, fears, and dreams. On t-shirts."
just made 2 new beats
Thanks for thinking of me ! You're so sweet! I miss you too!
the first week of spring and we're going to be in the 30's all week, I love New England...
I'd love it- I will check out your website. My email is
can you please find three seconds out of your beautiful soul to do a #ArianasFollowFriday for me?? I would appreciate it a lot
After changing your twitter name....does it take awhile? cuz mine doesn't seem to be working yet.
loving this book
dude! I got dibs on the red snake thing and the green bendy guy.
Hope your night got better.
Mastering an American tribute CD for Tony Award-winning actress/singer Carol Channing today.
#chicago Haven't seen such nice #weather in over half-a-year.
Congratulations to UF history/African studies professor Luise White, who received a Guggenheim Fellowship for academic year 2012-13!
Now that I'm mature enough I say the truth to my family, friends, and teachers.
I could really use some Spicy chicken and sweet tea from Popeyes.
You will thank me SS. It's fantastically dark and wicked. Like Showgirls done by 60s/70s Roman Polanski.
get off your phone in the theater
trying to get everything in order before flight to GR, MI tomorrow! laundry in progress, still need to charge everything & do my nails.
Going to downtown atl to eat at Hustons yummy!!!
there you go! Well put!
like, he was obviously still learning to be more consistent but his per-minute #'s were really good. all i'm saying
WHAT COLOUR SOCKS ARE YOU WEARING? :)
The #FF #S/O is much appreciated! How is your week starting off? Please check out our Wonderful Educational Children's Toys!
Perspective makes all the difference, no? Thoroughly enjoying your live tweet of As You Like It - a fav play of mine
Hi everybody!! :)
Y is it so easy to point out other ppls flaws n so hard to c ur own???
I think the need a quick refresher on their accents with all the Chicago talk w/ the Caravan twins.
Two internship offers within an hour?
Woke to a tiebreaker and we have liquid sunshine
To check out brand new designs and more, check out our website at streamline-apparel.com!
My memory must be slipping, because I sure don't remember asking for your opinion.
Being locked out of your house for six hours at night. <<<<<<<
Super busy day today. Can't wait for it to be over
I almost didn't recognize Idina Menzel without green skin.
That is bringing me back to my misspent youth.
Just got "holla'd" at by twobeastly looking Amazonian women walking g toward the bus stop.
when are you coming in and when are you going back?
10 picks for Tuesday. Get all 10 for only $25! Go 6-4 or your money back, guaranteed! We're now 34-19 last 53! Don't miss out boys!
Or would Wednesday at 12:30 work better for you?
English with myer is ridiculously boisterous
:) U better watch all these boys u kno Im still on my buggin phase never kno who liable to get hurt...Love You
thanks man, much appreciated.
Watching # on
this is a daily shock for me. Excellent point in study.
im good -corbin
Old School & Road Trip on TV at the same time. Such a dilemma.
am not! Im a nice person. <3
what was Yuni doing on that?
Hair feeling lackluster? Come by and check out Abba's Pure Shine Shampoo. You'll love the glossy, natural shine it gives you!
only if no one likes you:D
Brenly was also complaining about how the opening ceremonies dragged.
I have a serious #pretzel bun addiction
your my fav beauty I follow :)
before he cheats
thank u for following.
You're crackin' me up man...streaming right now. Couldn't agree more.
it doesn't mean anything when #Kings are just amazing always... for some reason. RT What does home ice mean? Not a damn thing
let's just say there isn't much left and I am the only one home!
You say you want me to think this but I think your just afraid to end this..!
RT : Internal testing of Accord (forthcoming app) is so pleasant thanks to 's wonderful design/dev work!
It is estimated the hundreds of slaves in Virginia have run away after Former British Royal Governor Dunmore declared their freedom.
I wrapped a former coworker's desk in bubble wrap, and everything on it. :)
Thanks for the recommendations as well. We'll have to catch a game together some time.
same here Terrence
The art of love-giving and taking become one. Herman Hesse
There's a bug food truck/stand at Off the Grid at Fort Mason!
Maybe NC State instead?
We love this rec! RT : Got a lovely 1998 recording from members of playing Mendelssohn's Octet on #VPR Classical.
Hi Meg! I meant to introduce myself today after the panel discussion but you were busy chatting when I had to leave.
Cheers to that! RT :"one of the most effective innovations of all time, talking to another human being"
that's what she said! Congrats
Yeah...CBS has the best comedies.
lol! We're learning about the difference ways to implement BagInterface & my prof goes "WE ARE ALL BAGS..In the end"
Guy yelled out a cab, either "Keep your knees up" or "Pizza Pizza" either way, it was good advice.
A5: It's up to the consumer to keep brands/companies in business so they should take our concerns into account.
just genuinely can't understand why it's so hard for people to chew with their mouth closed
you know what he does better than Peyton? Win super bowls.
I let Jack give me shingles.
I hope you're right Ben.
ha! “: no, I'm addicted to pain. “: admit it, you're addicted to twitter :D””
I like seeing stuff about me
My shoulders are hurting so bad I can't cuddle up under bae cause' he's sleeping. Ah well I'm up for now
That awkward age: when the one who pukes at the kid's birthday party is one of the other parents.
I'm hungry thana bitch :(
lol why are you so crazy??
HAHAHAHA nah, coz they don't appreciate real value!
wish I could read russian; sounds funny; i'm editor of san diego's largest LGBT newsmagazine, looking for russian media partner
Attn: Sunny fans - is hosting SNL tonight! Set your DVRs.
you want a quote >?
Happy birthday to my favorite ginger
OMG forget you Philadelphia
ur sister hot
before i go to sleep i would just love to tell u how grateful i am to have u a part of my life. Happy 18 bday love
also see p.16. I'm pretty sure Stephen Downie's project was funded largely on the basis of acronym awesomeness.
hahaha it was a fat snapper. Like more than half a bowl, hah his rip was yellow, then I torched it again and made him clear itxD
I love and
How are You today? :)
Thanks for your follow Nicole. Hope you're' doing well. I see a lot of bombs in your future. Jager bombs?
Timmy on fire!!!
68,658 attending the big game!!
Ocean View Park....come and get it!!
My most sincere condolences go out to you, your wife and family. Absolutely heartbreaking.
Glad you made it home. Man, that was quick!!!
you're gonna love me the way my uncle did, except you're not gonna go to court for doing it.
Mother nature, you mock me. What the bleep is this snow-rain thing?
Olly is being a nut. I think it's time to bring out the vacuum.
I am moving up in this world!!
Next Spring Training, Sveum needs a pitching staff management tournament.
hahaha I saw that! Made me smile.
This is going to be a long ten nights
French and little Spanish. Not well with Spanish tho
I have to go to HEB cause he doesn't know what a wine opener is.
not shit. Working on puttin a studio together.
Hey When you get the chance please help me get mor followers please luv ya
Serving Ithaca IPA pale ale tonight never tried it, but excited that it's grown (hops) and bottled right here in NYS...Cheers !
Please study the history of Afghanistan up to present day. They are still somewhere between 7th & 12th century. Tribal culture.
what are you going to be doing in Chicago?
Spending your time proof reading and spell checking your tweet to get the message " tweet unable to post try again later" ...
how much?
Good job Caps. Game 7 on Saturday night.
happy thanksgiving! hope u pass it amazingly! remeber all ur #koaladancebots r extremly thankful for having u in our hearts!
Cheers to the weekend. ..and basketball.
When you guys get to Denver and need to wash some clothes and a free shower got you
Just tried #popchips for the first time tonight. Damn those things are good, I think they have a winner there. And healthy too!
Mobile Transcript allows court reporters to offer an innovative new service to lawyers -- your transcripts optimized for your client's iPad.
RT : "Last to the dinner table doesn't get to ask for seconds."
should've given him a symposium on the greek financial crisis, maybe he would have given you money.
Speaking of zombies did you has anyone seen the Tea Party Zombies Must Die game? What a great way to take all that negativity and shoot it.
RT : If steroids are illegal for athletes, shouldn't Photoshop be illegal for models??
Love the guesses, more to be revealed soon...
lol.. Why u say that?
Its lots of fun, be there!RT : do tell us more of this
“: need some help buddy?” <--I'm good..u might break something lol
RT FaceTagram? InstaBook? Whatever You Call It, All Your Photo Are Belong to Facebook (for $1 Billion)!
You think they will throw to Lloyd with all of those other targets?
Coincidentally, the Lakers and Celtics have been the two best teams since the All Star break...Lakers/Celtics one more time?
OMG that jacket is really cool!!
Hi Jacques!
Kelly Clarkson is so pretty!
Bahahahahahahaha remember that if they do!
“: Spurs just aren't fair. They're a fucking machine.” ~ I got em' winning that chip again fam...
Still think has the best web-based visualizations of topic modeling I've seen online. (Mining the Dispatch)
Hey Gary, it is BBQ bacon cheddar burger today
i needa kno where is gonna be this weekend!!! D;
Okay, NOW I'm finally productive at work. pm on a
my heart just melted... thank ! love him new pictures from Australia<3
My heart is crying, my face is smiling, the world just can't see my tears, but they are there.
What in the world is up with ? I don't appreciate it "liking" these random pages for me.
haha I can't decide .
I'm tired but I can't fall asleep ..
Okay! That's fine. That works out for me too. Haha
yeah I hear you. Good luck with everything!
Thanks, and no, I don't think google's algorithm will steal the content of the Google docs. Just scrape the data 2 give me adds.
Quizzo tonight Cranky Joe's in East Falls tonight 8:30 - Topics are Music, Movies, US State Capitals and Slimy Suits & Politicans.
Hey Nao fans, how many of you are rappers and DJs?
guess who is going to italy soon... watch the fuck out!
Flacco's eyebrows are old teenage sweethearts. They met in high school.
TRAFFIC ALERT -- Car overturned on eastbound on I-4 near Longwood
We're counting on PSI to #bringit next season at cc:
Most definitely! The first season was wonderful.
the minute you care
except if you have to live in Detroit....
Good ole IP. as many burn holes in the carpet as dollars paid for the room. Approx 35 imo
Procrastination is my enemy..... >.<
Tomorrow starts my last week of training. Next week I will be at my own store. Town & Country!
goodmorning! everyone have a great Saturday! :)
ah wonderful dinner!;)
Broke my pledge not to rub out to Shakira..... again. Another $5 into the cookie cup.
Watching old episodes of Entourage. Best show on the planet
Mothers day gift = DONE. What do you get for the pickiest mother ever? Tix to see & !
River Monsters >>>
I know the deadline was yesterday, but does anyone know when you're informed that your student poster proposal has been accepted?
#JingleMingle bummer. You still have time to share a few pictures of your favorites #madison for the holidays.
March baby?
Looking for a location to network with corporate meeting planners? Suggestions?
more like a bed & pillows. z..... lol
yes boo keep in touch - c'mon - like why wouldn't I have twitter
glad we didn't stop by! WTF!?!? Hope u r better quickly
stop your making me wet <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
wow congrats! Should I buy there or can I find it in physical SF store?
I can't wait for Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0!
Got your power back yet? Are you official with Cox Media? I'm in San Diego just wondering.
When whitegirls get twists with bangs! Really? Are you five?
Back To School Special on Incubus w/ Young the Giant performing 9/13 just $15 each this weekend ONLY! Buy tix @ LiveNation.com
Tomorrow night we're all pulling a Carly and giving it away for free! Tickets still available, Allthesingleladiesshow.com !!
Time decides who you meet in life, the heart decides who you want in your life, but behavior decides who will stay in your life!
hey lady
Winston Churchill references throughout my day, but, oddly, I haven't seen a single baby.
Ready set go! wait... no. Client cancelled. Paperwork here I come.
Hey!!! Its me
Lots of heartwrenching stories here end up inspiring. Into every life, some rain must fall. But how do we deal? Spirit wins out
Hi thanks!!:)
yay she made it!
You are most welcome : )
"This is hotter than dog shit!"
Mission accomplished with my best friend
Thanks to all of y'all on #FF. Welcome! :)
I jst can't seem to resist, I'm a little too not over you
State police investigating stalking allegations against legislator - Morning Sentinel
Right on!
A fascinating thing about language acquisition is how a child suddenly goes from having 4 or 5 words to a countless, ballooning vocabulary.
what do they think this is? Mario Kart? :p
if the GOP wants government to enforce religion, do we all have to become Mormon if Mitt becomes president?
that awkward moment when you sleep over at your friend's house and you wake up before them...
you like ny:)
Congratulations #Queens—#CitiField to host 2013 MLB All-Star Game!
Thank YOU for watching. That Scott Fellows is a genius and I'm super lucky to be working with him.
don't forget the CBS news van, attempted takeovers of Rudy's and Bittersweet and disruption of Labor March.
WOOT! #WEBEATLA! RT via DeMarcus Cousins put it DOWN TONIGHT! Shout out to Tyreke Evans too!
Excited to see on Twitter. We've added them to our buddhabelly NOLA list. They have delicious food for your healthy lifestyle
While I'd agree that Kony is a bad cunt. Some of the stuff I've read about the invisible children charity isn't exactly 100% gold.
We are all having lots of fun (and learning) with our Vocation Vacation mentee this week!
toast is the father ;)
You sd Tues & I waited. I'm in ATL now but I'll be back! “: came through Dallas and I think you got scared lol”
Very helpful. We have a HS Junior and just starting the college process. Going to a College finance meeting tonight. Thx
Another day closer to Friday!
Now that *is* desperate.
#Parenthood episodes just get better & better.
My boss just passed me a note during this meeting saying that she loved the hair of a guy across the table.
YES. i'll get the bud ~
Pretentious old white bitches in my classes <<< stfu you do not know everything about everything
Itching to see the ultimate Oscar Host on stage! Can't wait for his opening number! Billy Crystal on the 84th Academy Awards!
shut up lol
Protip: Your OSS should not compete with your IP. duh.
": In J. K. Rowling's early drafts of Philosopher's Stone, #Draco's surname was Spungen" As in, Sid + Nancy??
Setting up our booth at see you all soon!
Suffering from a vacation hangover - plus had no twitter for a week... missed your funny shit
oohhh u gonna have to show it to me :)
You have no idea how happy this makes me, Ed. I can't wait to see you! Xx
I swear OKC has the dopest crowd ever its a college atmosphere
I told him his coach paraded around the field like he got his first blow job.
Happy birthday Bruce Willis!!!
So ready to be home in my own bed and see my baby's Lucy and Xoe
not like every day, but my paws are never at their best in the
Most important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed no hope at all- Dale Carnegie
Is your living room running out of life? Since this room is usually largest space in your home, make a big statement add personal style.
#quiverfull Thank you for all you do! Many must find comfort with your words. Have a beautiful day! :D
RT : I have the BaubleBar necklace I saw on your blog :) // I want it so badly!
it's still very unclear to me what the Gorton's fisherman has done to earn my trust...
I wish I could unfriend people from my life.
Who loves Michelle Bachman!!
Today ended up being one of those days.
My twitter is messing up, someone tell me how many people am i following??
Baby is on the radio for like the first time in forever! :D
I've seen that too. Haha.
I admire in his key role as 'sherpa' into Baja culinary scene but I hate the bad rap he's giving to
feet are ugly and some of these females ties look worst than mine
did u once give me a invite.?! Aite then but how was the movie i.e i need a rating
Money are you in Seattle or surrounding area?
Manchester City, obv
Long day with mom. Having fun. Meeting Kerry for margaritas at Fidel's!
Remember, love is a difficult and tricky thing. Don't underestimate the power of love or its impact on you or someone else.
Last name frustration, first name sexual.
yo where u at im tryna shop...its joe.
mcdonalds must not have a dollar menu out there haha
Woken up to a phone call. Are you available all next week. In St Petersburg, FL? Oh c'mon..
we were fb stalking all of them lol
happy Saturday to u! how's the diet going?
Thank you, neighbor!
Newt did not mention anyone but white men.
I don't know...it just doesn't seem that well thought out.
spongebob. beep beep :(
RT : Looking forward to my 1st committee meeting with after my maternity leave break! - welcome back!
Did amy winehouses autopsy team have to go to detox now?
Working on a styling project tonight with for an upcoming photo shoot w/
Correctable in 2012! CC: MT : in my 4 years at UCONN I never played oozeball. That's a sad fact.
“Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal.” - Pamela Vaull Starr
I totally agree. As a teacher, I'm used to giving praise -I try not to take people's contributions for granted in any context.
I bet we could figure something out... I live in Chicago!
Psst! Earth Day was 5 days ago. Is that the right pic? Side note, YUM on the veggie burger! Might be my new fave.
Laying in bed with a heating pad on my back = bliss
Sry I didn't catch you before your purchased coffee Your coffee is on me on Tuesday.
will u ever date a fan a little younger than u jw and plzz anwser
RT : Great digital camera class at - learning lots, great instructor!
You don't stop laughing because you grow old, you grow old because you stop laughing. (Michael Pritchard)
aww manye! Catch u next time.
that sucks :(
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. I FOLLOWED BACK.. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS. THANKS SO MUCH
Happy Mothers Day!
who's that goofy lookin guy?
To the old man playing guitar in an otherwise quiet space: This coffeeshop used to be an excellent place to read.
Watching my strange addiction and this women is addicted to drinking her own urine. Word! Thats nasty:(
It's amazing how many cares disappear when you decide not to be something, but to be someone
FaceTime chatting with in the next room. We've never been closer.
1 hour to kick off! Go Warhawks!!!
smell roses ...
Oh yeah? Is your whole family from West Michigan?
Ehh this day just needs to be over. Sister's mad at me for a reason I cannot think of.. :/
Come and put ya name on it.
I'm out of here ! Peace
I love my bestfriend
That's Messed up.
IT'S A WPAS WEEKEND!!!!
Let me show you how yo pussy works Lol
hello kitty?lady gaga? Or dorthy from wizards of oz? <U+E40D><U+E404><U+E105><U+E057>
Brand with Social Media, but monetize your marketing with mobile!
- Its always something with this dude.... Honestly I can't trust u that well yet :(
I'm crossing my fingers!
I also love that quote you retweeted. Is that from a song?
horrible bosses is hilarious.....
Sounds like an argument for improving our online visibility MT So much for Digital Natives: insidehighered.com/news/2011/08/2…
It is I, King of the Internetz! Come to reclaim my throne! All shall read my tweeps and despair!
Why can i never fall asleep until the early morning. I need to see a doctor about this shit.
#dontstopbelieving in me
We are both gonna have great days!! :-D
It's Official: Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson Teaming for Fox's 'Internship'
Hehe. Ain't that the truth? You're very welcome, Katherine. I missed out on SMC, too, and was super bummed. Next month for sure.
Open gym for young and old tonight at ACTS, 7-9:30. Time to stretch those muscles!
aww me too! love that pic of us!!
Wisdom is nine-tenths a matter of being wise in tme. Most of us are" too often wise after the event." Theodore Roosevelt
Back on my inscriptions.
hi I like your icon:) its cute!:)
Just saw 'Midnight In Paris'. Absolutely loved it. Woody Allen and Owen Wilson make a great team.
u alright ?
How was the show?
wish Peter well from us all Patrick | Hope you're railing hard with the brits |
How about them Heat
thanks again for having me as a panelist at #campaigntech this year, it was a great experience!
Not even beer. Tonight-i-ight, we are old!!!
Hey, thanks a lot, Ben!
Nice dude! DM me, okay?
First day of work = successful
I wish there were drive thru pizzerias. Do they exist?
cool your muffins bro , anyone is invited . !
Ultimatum's video for Leiahdorus wins BEST MUSIC VIDEO at the Albuquerque Film Festival!!!
outrageous. You don't ride your system & you don't care about anything outside #DTLA red/blue line service.
John Magaw, former director of Secret Service, ATF, founding director of TSA and member of Homeland Security counsel joins our board @ DFHF
Thanks for the #FF, right back at ya, Dan!
me too? wyd
In mcdonalds with
Christina Ricci looked petrified to be speaking on Kimmel. Good look for an actress.
We're excited you're coming to Seattle!
Be happier this week: Have people over next weekend, visit with a neighbor, and do something good anonymously.
Is it just me, or was the scene with Bellatrix and Hermione just a little bit hot?
I think you are referencing Bismark on sausages, at least that is how I feel about data. ;)
Up this morning off of the brown and white from last nite
Website for getblastednow is launching in 3 days cheoww
I can't get enough of your tweets! I'll check then Tom when u tweet more! Thx love made my dayxx :)
WOW @ CHRIS BROWN ONCE AGAIN YOU LET YOUR EMOTIONS GET THE BEST OF YOU MAN YOU FUCKING SUCK MAN REAL SHIT...
#Lions pick suh
you put your arms around me, for the first time.
What an awesome day signing autographs in Los Angeles Mall. :)
jasmine you should let jasminators ask you questions again:) or ask us questions:)
We're following for live-tweeting of Judge Sumi's crusade against . What a charade!
#Blazers get a win against lowly
Ha! Maybe I could use the gravel road by Jerry's house.
I'm in LA bitch
Trend #MahoneOnB96 please!!!! :)
Same here, I honestly had an out of body experience during her performance lol, she is a Movement!
The way to growth and happiness is to stimulate the mind!
Hey can I have your number?!?!
You are such a love. Hope to see you more in 2012!
What's the difference between erotic and kinky? Erotic = using a feather / Kinky = using the whole chicken /
Give me some shoutouts? :)
Happy to be painting Inside my studio today versus exhibiting out in the California rain! Weird rainy June...not common for us...
Sharing the Techcenter, Dellcares and the power to listen story
Hello Sunshine!
I still Turn to You.
Well they had the two highest number of draft picks, so that was the logical comparison to make with that new number on hand.
Rab lab tomorrow.
In Washington DC for Hill Day.
Yes. Hard to read and imagine the brutality. It's senseless. I'll be watching ESPN tomorrow morning.
Receive a free one day Disney World park hopper ticket with all 8-Night Bahamian Cruises out of NYC! Contact us for more info!
It is a beautiful day! Happy Friday!!
#FF fellow coffee-drinkin' Divas, and Can't wait to catch up with you later!
Mel B signs new recording deal
1.does he get special attention in school? Or 2. If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?! :)
i have never heard of her
Come on Celtics, get it together.
sometimes life doesn't make much sense.. But I know your in a better place now dad watching over me..
Thank you Nick!! Congratulations!
Belfanz: "we cannot cut those services." Woolsey: unfair that this bill cuts funding for the programs.
so if wins or loses tonight the #HSCrew still worked hard! but if they win we should find out what 343 means
Are you coming to the Heartland Worship Institute? Join Bob Sorge, Jeff Deyo, Jose Dugand, Morris Chapman, Pocket Full of Rocks, Steve Fry..
I'm out. Ill be at and though.
Interested in putting your marketing and advertising on AUTO PILOT? Local Buys Now is just the program for you!
FB got a lot of drama, everybody was friends now they enemies, then wen they get mad they tell each others business!! I can't do the drama
Like for some reason I can smell #oomf but they were never in this room<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Just freestyled with at his concert on Manila! Crowd was amazing!!! Thank you PHILIPPINES...MABUHAY!!!!! -Poreotics
aye u talk to bing?
Ugh y do it have ta rain today? :{
Vegitarian options at your fingertips -- learn more on the awesome options on this weekend's
right on lol
Best thing read today: "Don't be trapped by thinking that all your work has to be momentous. Seeds aren't momentous."
i know!! i just heard some of it so far ur right i do LOVE IT!
Thanks for all the RTs with added @ s and # s :D
But I thought making dialog sound natural and real was a 'rule,' not breaking a rule.
“Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone.”-G.B. Stern. Don’t be stingy with thank yous - if your bartender rocks, tell them!
#WhyRead Because how else are you going to slay a dragon?
like this guy! That'd make my day!
TOO WINDY TODAY. Wish we had pictures of us snatching our hats out of the sky and making sure laptops didn't get smashed. Good times:)
Today's BTU inspiration: "Begin to see yourself as connected to every person you encounter." ~Wayne Dyer
Killian vs Columbus(: good luck cougars!!<3
I stink like sour d. Prob not a good look but I don't care.
depending where you are located, I can help by providing access to quality lawyers for a low monthly fee legallyspeaking.ca
Enjoying a happy hour beer before heading to the Apple store to try to get some help w/my iMac FireWire problems.
I wanna be a Queens Park Ranger. I wanna live a life of danger.
wuzzz up right back at you!
That's not real currency.
fat lady is in warm up mode big time,,
Orlando is in the O.J. business, ya' know.
My skinny pants outerwear game is stressful. When you get a chance let me know what brand!
Good morning. Who all is joining you today for the #Dell tour?
NAH Im good im trying to watch my figure...lol
i need over 138 bad for some $$$$$
I'm on the bus noticing the difference between men's biz casual and women's biz casual.We need to step it up to compete
Paul Pierce is one of my favorite players in the NBA.
stay on brief!!
Come on! Religion can be funny!!
Have a great Friday everyone! Get outside...enjoy the weather this weekend...then refuel with La Salita!
Are you in Seattle? Do you need 15-20 cobalt blue bottles? Let me know.
lemme know when homie. love his music
": No price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself." -- I like it
Be an inspiration, not an imitation<U+2665>
The man who tried his best and failed is superior to the man who never tried.— Bud Wilkinson
Reminder: At 500 & 1000 followers we're giving away PRIZE PACKS of our favorite #TweetDontEat survival products to random followers! RT!!!
But is it in the game? RT : This made me LOL. : Potatoes have skin. I have skin. Therefore I must be a potato.
Scott Walker can't announce job creation numbers without putting his pinky to the side of his mouth. And he wants sharks with lasers beams.
Pray For Those in the Path of this oncoming Hurricane !
I'm having a BBQ with my family. :)
current zag ... He is filthy
hey follow and dm
We're having a speak-off for our mortgage and financial planner positions in 2 weeks.Over $190k passed this year - important positions!
AAHH!! After 3 years as #1, I've been DETHRONED! PLEASE 'LIKE' my Everett Lee Simpson 'band page' on FB. Only you can undo this injustice!
thanks for the RT sweetie - how are things are you in TX yet?
Lazy Sunday afternoon with my favorite kiddos.
lol pasta's the move there?
I've heard great things about I Hunt Killers.
Ads take a 2-1 lead
Here's a thought: failure is probably happening in your museum every day, no matter what. Does that make the prospect less scary?
TOUGH MUDDER, MAY 5, VERMONT. Ready to be the BEaST thanks to uber advanced bodyweight/high performance sports trainer Danny Kavadlo and To…
I'll post later I'm done
Going to fail this test <<<<<<
This is when you hate it
Chino Y Nacho tomorrow at Sea World.!! :D
is 18! time to party ;)
UCLA! RT ": Who would you like to see as UK Basketball's marquee nonconference matchup for next season? #BBN"
if you're a man who doesn't eat pussy . You suck dick.
Steve Clark you are missed. Saw u many times. Will never forget 5th row center High n Dry tour Fox theater San diego
I think I signed up for it during when TA was our goal, it says I'm already a online suscriber?
MY BIRTHDAY IS ON September 1!!!!!!!!! It would mean the world if you tweeted me with a Happy birthday!!!!!! :) <333333333333
thanks, , for adding to my book hoard! 'Revolutionary Road' is now on my post-grad school reading list
has great programs scheduled for moms in March and May! Have you joined Influenster yet and unlocked your mom badge?
"Some days it's not so hard to say/the quick pulse of blood/through living flesh/is all there is." Robert Hass
What's the best lunch ever?
is my bestfriend. Anyone else who claims that, you suck. She's mine!
#PrayForEmily - A single pregnant 16yr old girl who lives with her 2 friends.
I am pretty sure the sandwich is $10.00 if its different I will contact you.
Within a thought of sweet surrender, written inside a melody of adoration, the image of you carries me through the silence, into light.
How far back can we remember? Why does it happen then? How does memory work? Check out I Wonder... today at 5:00pm on to find out!
hahahaha yeah sure ya did
In DC for the mtg for policy update, incl research &ed issues & AdHocTax Group Retreat to hear about tax concerns for FY12
We did it! 12,000 gallons! The only thing tht stands btwn a person & what he/she wants in life is the will to try it & the faith to believe!
Should I be flinching at work? says no. I agree.
Ah. I guess JBerry's in LF then. RT : so you didn't catch 's errors on the lineup card?
Still watching Idol Maid.
so what happens now? where am i going to? dont ask anymore...
that's so awesome.
The <U+2600> the <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099> and all their lives <U+2661>
grr i guess ill get up nd cleann noww -.- be on later guys(:
So they still ain't done with my truck???
Amazon is a big help when you're looking to save a bit of cash
are u and nate friends?
oh em gee, she is out of control.
I want a boyfriend who will drink beer and play Mario while listening to dubstep with with me all night.
Blessed and very grateful for
Good morning world!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> I hope everyone has a great day. <U+2600>
Transfering out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
I gotta say, the food and hospitality makes me think so.
A bitch is up workin off of approximately 3 hours of sleep
Corra Group Introduces Swift Hire for Employee Entered Background Checks - PR Web (press release)
#COMinaDay isn't over! Keep those cameras rolling. And since we've got you here, someone please bring us more cake pops from the Bake-Off.
Tonight was interesting.... The fact that my phone was dead <<<< I got a text that I would've answered. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
is that in that the coffee shop in dwelling spaces??
you told me bass. haha
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen you get kicked out of Dome on the Rock for not being Muslim enough. My name and face just didn't cut it
Outside playing ball under the light of the full moon
grass growing. Paint drying.
ok...3 things. 1. Sign up 4 camp 2. Come 2 Emerge Sunday @ 6pm 3. Sign up 4 camp on Sunday at Emerge at 6pm. That is all. Thank you!
want me to finish that collab? u gone send another one or what?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you make a tweet to avoid making eye contact with people you don't like while in line at subway.
whats good bro
And let the convo tweets commence!
The way you educate improves your own artistry.
hell naw we stop so damn much I gotta 20 month old its torture believe me
And at such great deals!
That's bc everything outside of Thursday is bad. I just think they lose their Thursday lineup for more sitcom is beyond stupid.
sorry about technical difficulties, please email if there is something I can help you with.
We apologize for that! Next time for sure. Feel free to send us an email about the issue -
who are you?
HAHAHAHA , lol it would take alot for me to wanna get with a girl . lol BABY I WAS BORN THIS WAY . lol :)
Really enjoyed the homosexuality seminar. Would recommend it to anyone still undecided about a second two day seminar.
Lovin' it Live in East Point. all raw food dishes, but delicious & ultra healthy. Tell Judy & Vincent that Mahalia sent u!
Savoy tonight! Come down and watch the fight!
I'm nicer than a tin cabin full of turtle beards! Maybe, just maybe, #Chicago would profit from NOT having a dick for #mayor!
Stop saying tablet please, I beg! IPad is acceptable & if you didn't bother buying one it's not worth mentioning!
love you too! I fly back tonight, can not wait to see you!
that is all.
STUDENTS: TODAY ONLY- Receive 25% off one regular priced item when you show your student I.D.
First session of the day, discussing the launch of Batman: Arkham City and its success.
Sang #callmemaybe at karaoke...at 4:30am. Awful doesn't even begin to describe them performance.
Love it! That is the cutest! Thanks for coming in for Mom's Day! My kids' mom came up with the chef hat idea!
Ha ha ha ha don't let that lil shit fool ya homie !
you still young john koe, you don't know nothing bout that ! lol !
Ooh, pleasant surprise. New interface. It's easy on the eyes.
nice to meet ya
Shout out to all my haters. I love ya'll
Call 222-0023 to book a service!
yeah I'm coming
thanks u have any pics
That does sound delicious!
Happiest of birthdays to Mr. Baseball!! We love ya Uecker!
Japanese green tea ice cream= new favorite thing
I don't like Gmail as much as I used to because it's not as pretty as it was before. I am very shallow.
where yu located?
"The quieter you become, the more you can hear." Yasutani Roshi
a $5 Show w/ Deluka & The Wet Darlings @ OUTLAND Deluka done by fireworks -Then Deluka DJ party right after! Plenty of $5 parking @ CD101!
No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent
dying cause I'm seeing in 14 days & in 30 days :)
Today's gift card winner is Linda Jessie. Congratulations!
Working on a ten page paper. Please distract me! =p
she definitely put on a great show
Yea, followed lovely(:
Its not your fault for hurting me, its mine for thinking you would not.......
I tell em meet me in the bathroom I fuck'er while the water runnin Her friend knockin at the door And she screamin out I'm cummin- meek mill
Just when you think all hope is lost, there's New Orleans. America's third world city.
"Happiness? That's nothing more than health & a poor memory." ~ Albert Schweitzer... It's never too late to have a happy childhood, baby! ;)
glad to hear about your focus on tech start-ups, keep it up!
I'm so proud to be #Uruguayan <3
BREAKING: WGTB broke the clock hands story b4 and …. that's gotta count for something, right?
O just worked out and feel amazing :) work tonight
Almost 500 Tweets 10 more to go
Hey crazy bitch talk to me yeah lol im really bored so i tweet random tweets to random ppl.
#favoritethingswallacesays "Kick her in the balls!"
Saying, "I wonder if we can improve this process," is essentially the same as saying, "I'd like to do more work."
I need more followers!!!!! HELP!!<U+E404>
Any word on whether CBS is renewing CSI:NY and/or CSI:Miami? Much joy hearing about Red 2.
Hey iAppreciate it!
nothing to do!!
pretty good!!! I miss Nashville!
well in 2008 Obama won Indiana & North Carolina & by supporting gay marriage now he probably won't win those this year
Some of it includes police training footage, which is now in the public domain, on how to put down protesters
"At last" is just beautiful on guitar, and I can't wait to perform it at the spring concert.
Next office hours, this Thurs, Mar 15, 7:30 am @ Jimmy's restaurant, 333 Third Ave. Subject: A Better Bayfront plan?
I love you, my sweet MargieBear! More than you will ever know!
Thanks!! Hope all is well!
RT : Do the #BasketballWives act like this becuz the players played them out or did the players play them out cuz they act like this?
Improve Your Commute Ditch your car and hit the road on two wheels with the best cycling gear for men
Grow up bitches! #basketballwives #suzie u need 2 be stopped, Y are u talking about ur meeting up w/ -
Hoping McDonald's calls me back tonight D:
Be Massive! The Crew on @ 2, then the Big Easy Buckeye Party all night! Drink specials & the game on all 18 of our Big Screens! Go Bucks!
I think you like Mexican food.
you know what you guys are? my favorites. hi.
Get free promotion for yourself on the url on my page. let's trade follows. interested? :)
why yes I was lol
- thanks for the super warm welcome, birthday twin!
PODCAST , I wish I could watch her every night, but damn she's on point, awesome and very articulate.
if i never met you life would be that much easier
207 is nuts right now
Uplifting and empowering young women for decades and still going strong!!
I wish I could just get this job already! I'm gettin sick of waiting, plus I miss my friends!
thanks for the follow!
He's getting there! Can stand on his own, and take steps. Lots of falling, but walking is def on the horizon.
LOOK AT HER BOOTY, IT'S ROTON LOL": Lmaaaooo...You Wanna Put Tht In Me Thts So Nasty"
I need to get me a new phone. I had to nigga rig it so I can install Twitter.
yup. It will all end fine though... I'm sure!
Is your library planning on celebrating El día de los niños/El día de los libros (Children's Day/Book Day)? More info here...
As a Raiders/Ravens fan I don't have a dog in this hunt. But I'm leaning 49ers, although Ahmad Bradshaw is from my home town.
A few of those could make up the next Punk Rock Dinner Party
#Yeah i'm home Cereal Bowles
About Me? I don't know anything about me.
": Happy running to everyone taking part in today. Bundle up!" High of 60° here today!
the whole building is 2,900 but it has 900 sq ft of office and bathroom so the gym is really 2,000.
Husband just informed me he prayed for Jackson to win. I pray f
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
I HAVE A ? R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO?? :)
You're Welcome!
Reasons why im weird- my teacher called me a freak
Golfing with T-Ferg, and Jesse Chinni. Improving tremendously each swing. T-Ferg knows his shit.
Hospitals looking to adopt EHR need to analyze their data center infrastructure. We offer free analysis, call us.
Hussle Nun Stop We Want All Da Money...
Thanks we love making them!
Looking for a #marketing / #branding company in #Chicago that works w/ NPOs & develops websites in Drupal. Any ideas?
I used to drink worse shots I guess. My cocktail of the day 1 part lemon juice, 1 part apple cider vinegar, 1 part olive oil.
it depends what you mean
whenever a leader speaks that leader dies
hahaha Maria this is why I love you!!!
Welcome to Cleveland, Ohio Trent Richardson!
Ordered Dr. Dre beats yesterday. Can't wait to get them in.
at first i thought you were "Washington (pause) Street Art Center" but "Washington Street (pause) Art Center" is cool too
Too much talk on ESPN about Moore, Griffin, Luck, others as premier QB's... DT makes his statement today!
Remember ladies - strength training will do more for your bone density than ANY calcium supplement ever could.
Great breakfast pic!
I have a weird addiction to plaid.
Hey, Don't you mean the Atlanta #Badgers? Congratulations!!
nudes baby, nudes.
You mean he's not in bed yet?
Thank you to all my new and old followers! Your support is very much appreciated.
Spencer Hawes is missing layups like he's not 7 feet tall
when you tweet about seeing your signifigant other and reference @ them in said tweet its not cute its an advanced version Of fleeting
76ers have some pretty shitty fans. That place is dead for gm 4 vs #1 seed
Would you rather be something to everyone, or everything to someone?
I need a job already so I dont have to worry about interveiws so I can put the first hair wrap in of summer.
ah. people are silly. i generally don't read the comments anymore.
wow can't wait!
haha and who!
Talking to your grandpa on the phone who you havent talked to in forever >>
Porch sitting after dinner with and yay. A good evening.
Why on earth would someone be sending me a certified letter? I'm scared.
Miami @ Charlotte was pretty awesome today, saw it in live !
#Np Ms. Parker
RocLyfe artist Poitier has just reached 8,000 views for his video mixtape single "99 Percent"...thank everyone for their continuous support
Just finished making homemade nutella. So good, but peeling those hazelnuts was so tedious!
hmm... keeps on popping up in my people to follow list. Twitter sure is persistant.
did you get them???
no later this month :)
You can take action against Amazon today! Tweet your opinions and use #AmazonGrinch Let's send a message that we value local business!
Forget the snow, if you're close by we'll deliver
We have the lowest prices on American crew, and Paul Mitchell products in the city!
Does anybody have good (print or electronic) recommendations for the difference between business, functional, and technical requirements?
how do you get a #klout score of 40, but NOT have any influential topics? I guess I just tweet and fb about nothing #whatamimissing oh well
Hey peeps. Take a picture of what you're doing right this second and send it to me. 8016952772
Next time I go mudding I'm wearing long ass pants, bc I got bit by mosquitos all over. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
this is a good one for a Monday: You don’t have to get it right; you just have to get it going. - Mike Litman
planning a cruise so I want to have it =] and a cruise to the Bahamas =]
hunger corrupts my mind! Must. Eat. Food. Now!
This. Would have loved to see Song eat Nasri alive, though. #Arsenal RT : I can't believe we didn't score at least 3 today.
It was definitely a recurring theme. Btw, I'm glad to see you're an Orioles fan.
Feeling stirred to start meeting with/challenging the men of after a great time with Mike Leithren last night. More info soon!
Was listening to 1D while getting ready for school.
On this train sitting by myself bc I'm black
Confession: Woke up at 4 AM with the song "Call Me Maybe" stuck in my head. I could not get "Call Me Maybe" out of my head for 30 minutes.
She's throwing up :/
LOL! I'm mad because now there's no parking. Yes...it's in a train station parking lot.
how'd you know!!!
En route to the castle in piney island.
I think I just witnessed the real life govt boys club at work.
Cracked my wheel on a pothole that wasn't visible in the rain. These things cost $400! As much as I pay in taxes, why should I pay for this?
I'm up to three DMs! Is there a party when I get to five?
totally unsolicited. But uh...
I will miss
Robin Thicke is making me appreciate R&B one song at a time. This dude is smooth. I see the appeal, well done Paula Patton. Well done.
Y speakers on my iPod work again <3
slow going 16oz...just back from my run, I'll make my gallon!
Game 5 in Phoenix #Coyotes vs
heyy biotch wake up before I biotch slap u
I've so been there! It's funny, after the fact.
True religion is pure, peaceable, gentle, unselfish, exalting the tastes and pursuits, and brings glory to God and good-will to man. (1855)
It's another
wow haven't been on here in ages, so belated MERRY CHRISTMAS to all :D hope you had a good one!
I'm not a bad driver FYI I'm probably way better then you.
Thoughts on the new Nets logo/s?
are u graduating?!
Chocolate is the only frosty....BOOM!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW: Car and Home 2 in 1 Combo Charger for the Archos
Buddy thanks for joining in on the fun! Minus JV it was a great time! ^_~
Sad to inform all our friends that one of the leader of the Movement For Free Philippines, Dr. Renato Roxas passed away this morning.
Watching The Parkers .
Highlight of the being home: the els dancing! They have favorite lyrics, songs, & grooves! Can't wait to share their faves from the record!
Gotta make this shit pop asap.#work!!!
let that nigga have his moment -_-
The Mermaid Inn on the Upper West Side...love it! Great oysters, mustard-crusted trout, Bordeaux Blanc, and chocolate pudding..yum!
I have to study for a midterm :(
I can wake up happy everyday just by saying "I'm not pregnant".
your horoscope should be the same for women of all signs today.
Friday Food Pairing (Alberta St. edition): Rice balls from YOGIO food cart and sencha green tea. Our favorite combo at the teahouse!
Thank you! I meant every word.
I'm noticing a lot college boys sharing their sports drink today. They must be really concerned about their electrolyte intake.
thank you to everyone who came to the meet and greet last night! For more info email . YAY!
is everything that green hits golden? Got jammed abs still a single. Got to find him a spot to hit! Huge Lucroy! As im typing
NEVER CROSS THE STREAMS. That would be bad.
Whatever floats your boat. Good luck with the move!
love that the Indian tea workers on the #amazingrace were so helpful, then excited with the deaf player Luke finally passed his challenge
you are welcome!
I can only assure you that it will be *a* week. the question is, will it start with q-doba monday? i'm lookin at you too
'Huge not Drugs'
#Christmas whats ur fav Xmas song? Mine-- Silent Night.
A warm welcome to my new followers!
thanks for always remembering us - Happy Monday!
Hey everyone! Thanks for getting me up to 100 followers! <3
gotta keep this going here
Omg! I'm going to the "back to school" night tonight! And my "bully" is gonna be there! I'm really scared :'(
Who fires the firemen?
Easy: our historic house neighbor and Teddy's Summer White House in beautiful
<333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333 Did I beat him?:)
Embrace the cold and try our in-house brew, Winter Wheat! Is it Winter Wheat Wednesday? It is now.
im just joking with u!
"In about two seconds I'm going to rearrange your face with my TARNISHED BRAND!"
Homework FUN. fml. jk. but seriously no that fun lol
whatever. Talk to your manager ;)
If you don't have many friends to begin with, don't be a jerk to the ones you do have...
This is my 900th tweet. You're welcome, America.
Oh, good--that was getting a little Lord of the Flies-ish.
had a successful Trunk Show at MoZaic Boutique! I enjoyed designing to wardrobes and meeting lots of new people.
He wants a roommate but I'm the only one searching for apartments? Yea I'm DEFINITLY getting the master.
So what you're saying is Gamel is perfect for relievers in 6th and 7th innings?
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each neighborhood Firehook Bakery store!
holy #whoa Tuesday.
"the ultimate ontographic bossa nova collage"
I hope your little sister gets better!
The wind blows the unknown man walks slow down the street as he has nothing to do. Though he is a ghost of most importance.
mark just said that u would make an awesome james hetfield
The conclusion, when all has been heard, is: fear God & keep His commandments, because this applies to every person. Eccles.12:13
should reply back ") !!
i love my sons
Doobie Brothers on shuffle for the drive to work? On a Friday? Yeah. That's right.
Are there fun online business card designs/printers other than moo.com?
yeah he is and Bet(:
So tomorrow I have 3 classes, then I'm dying my hair, rearranging the place and party for Sayquan. Hanging out with cute people tomorrow.
My gangsta voice sounds like Tone Loc
S/o to all the single mothers especially
Valerie & I are celebrating our 12th Wedding Anniversary today.We saw the new and improved and seriously kick-ass Conan the Barbarian!
Thanks for sharing it with your followers Molly.
Huskers-Back to back prime time games to start big ten season 9-29 vs Wisconsin, 10-6 at ohio st, 10-27 vs michigan
i think i might finally get my jean jacket today bruh. after like a month. my mom plays too many games.
so cool
RT : NFL - Vikings QB Brett Favre has been elected as a team captain by his teammates
UH duh you sorta sent me dozens of pictures lol
I can't wait too see everyone! School can hold off though
lol that's funny :) I never meet anyone with our name!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thanks for the Info - I appreciate it.
This is amazing! ~ RT : From Justin (9:45am): Today's record high is 77°. Tomorrow's is 75°. I think we'll be close both days.
You need to stop... I think you are just amazing and now your sell skin care on my favorite shopping channel.. Love you
Nothing fucks up your Friday like realizing its Tuesday.
I should just go study out of town. I should stop thinking about it and just do it.
me neither.
STEVEN NASH HAS TWO!!!
We have like 2 weeks of school left basically. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
RT : RT: Students making some great networking connections at ReadySetConnect. Thanks !...
why glad it sucked?
00071a Sat 05may12 . Clock out 2100 . tested video monitor for installation; off to home depot to get more supplies for the exhibition
I want to be the first person on ur organic liaison to drop 180 lbs! Do we have a double dog dare Mz. Alley?
haha you know it. Keep your fingers crossed
Damn it! I meant Natanya
good idea. I gots Hulu Plus. I'll look it up.
If Peggy represents the modern gal, shouldn't SHE be getting the hand job?
Great workout!!!!
tomorrow at 2
You're just jealous cuz you wanna go.
I find it funny is operating under the assumption he hasn't been a Richard throughout the stadium debate.
Just got out of AP tutoring for my test on Thursday! -.-
Can't say I'm a big fan of Pacific NW tonite. First, I get to watch Seahawks roll over my Lambs. Now Sarah Palin's Alaska on. Just shoot me.
- Congrats on the improved time!
I'll be there around 3 bro
I haven't ridden in the van in woo , SO long .
Here for #MusEdTech panel. Follow for live tweets on tech's role in museum education.
yep it is and same 4 u Fam
Lloyd: FCC Twitter feed (including broadband plan) has more followers than Miley Cyrus, but less than Stephen Colbert.
precursor to the name of my 6-cast members 1-man show. hehehe.
Went too far, got a tad carried away and ya left me.
Unexpectedly, there's a VERY drunk middle-aged woman dressed in a leopard print dress at the bar in Moosewood.
Barton G? When?
's bodyguards best #ComeOutToPlay cause I am coming to open up a can of whooped ass on him for punking my queen T Swift,
#history #museum #historical Tuesday’s history quote: Give me liberty or give me death! – Patrick Henry, Virginia USA - 1775
Hahahah thank you Thomas !!!!!!
Fixing to go to the YMCA yay!!!
I've said it before and I'll say it again: Open Source Software is well-designed, reliable, and well-documented... except when it isn't.
Like this guy? :D
Our poll shows most say 'cross contamination' rather than 'cross contact'. Anyone else want to tell us what you say?
Hella fire like the food of Ollie Gates
oh thank god. I hate them
Strong Independent Black Men I love them.
did you like... Thinking of ordering for deli
ii wish this download would hurry up..
Thanks for the mention!
I think I will!
Yes! Thanks for sharing. Beautiful machine.
RT : Ignorance is no match for knowledge. History has proven this time & time again
I can't go in to daystar or twilight without spending close to $100 it's becoming a serious problem.
18-Bottle Display Rack-These small but sturdy wine racks, in pine or oak, are perfect for counter top storage, wine clubs and salespersons.
Ladies if I'm not the one u having sex wit why would u call me when u in a jam? Don't it make sense to call ur dude ijs
lol RT Hey, I'm a girl. I ignore nice guys, chase ass holes, and then complain about it.....smh
A2. I have a thing for salt mines for some reason... and I hear the ones in Poland are A-Mazing *Special travel moment!
I'M BACK ! Not sure I'm leaving either ! Watch out world
“: you blinded us with science” Love it!
haha that was the goal
must do big concert with works I created with composer friends: Berio, Rochberg, Beaser, Halffter,Corigliano Maw (mammoth undertaking!)
- you're funny. you said non-sucky, facebook and android in the same sentence, implying similar context. now thats funny...
I have a feeling my latest twitter follower () is going to be disappointed by the content of my tweets!
Tuesday marks 3 months of not smoking. Still amazed how much better food tastes. Just fell in love with a nectarine.
Re NYPD-bot. Suspect they're using #socialmedia to their benefit. Cyber-corralling? Bias in gvt agency tweets alarming
Long trip back North - steadier gettin colder - Love I-95 traffic
I thought we were all getting the same one
WORK OUT MODE: Hitting it hard!
Happy St Beer Day Everyone!
151 last night
i don't feel good at ALL ):
Not a support group, but a few of my friends are joining in on the workouts.
wassuppp twitter buddy
I dig your twitter handle :)
Lots of po po action tonight! Lights and emergency vehicles on Denny near I-5, now two SPD cars on Pike. What's up Seattle?!
If was a bond villain, she'd kill you with by stabbing you with a poisoned mascara pencil for being badly dressed.
bored as hell
"The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up." -- Paul Valery, French Poet
nicole should make her move (;
Segways look stupid on the beach. It's true.
drew I kno we wasnt super close but stay strong bro we kno hes in a better place now
is a class act. No lie.
Do you know the feeling when your heart is so hurt that you can feel the blood dripping?
I have a feeling I need to start taking them again.
I am so tired and its only 9:30 uggg
did you get it on tape?
Do you golf with your spouse or on your own?
Saw the #muppet movie. Ending was very cultural front: artists lead workers in taking streets, assaulting capital.
What I hate most is a crying baby at a restaurant #annoyingasheck >:/
Oh em gee. The whole fam is back at home except for me. Wah!
the best u will always be the real one noone can ever replace u or even come close <3
That we are RT #Taurus are crazy sexy and mad cool. A perfect combo!
RIGHT?! THE RANGERS HAD LIKE, CREEPER STACHES
Congratulations to all award winners at #IBSNYC !!!
Before reaching for snack food, drink some water or decaf green tea. Green tea suppresses appetite.
Ray Ray Ray = money
I'm going tomorrow night are you?
mlb front page - Italian sausage has arms tan as a motherfucker like a true italian. but really.
I'm going to think you're a whore if all your tweets are about your fails at relationships cause i'll assume you've had plenty of them.
Only 1 bar of battery on phone this morning. :p i'll have to find time to charge it at school. anyhow, goodmo9rning all! :)
If you ever see me dressed girly, Instagram it. It's my suicide note.
your looking for a girl friend? hah ill never be her:/ i live to far away. im ugly. yep
seriously my roomies locked the bathroom and nobody is in the bathroom... are you really that fucking stupid.. i will piss in your kitchen
....Same to you
Hey buddy. Sent you an e-mail. Let me know if you can help us out.
Need a dinner idea tonight? How about your favorite Extra Value Meal and a Happy Meal for the kids! Sounds like a good plan to me!
I just got hit on at Wal-Mart...so I have that going for me
I think Alive would have been a better movie if the group played the rugby game and won in OT. With several men down.
ARE YOUR SAUCES & SALAD DRESSINGS MAKING YOU FAT? These are amazing – no cals/carbs/fats but natural & tasty = Click here & search ‘Walden …
What the what?
Niice! Yep we are trying to get a buzz before elections...
Someday I'll actually use my Garmin and keep track of how many miles I'm biking. Maybe.
RT - 8 days till we leave for our road trip to Cleveland (Indians + Rock Hall), Niagara Falls, & Toronto for #U2360TOR :-)
O ok anyways ..
Looking to build a web site of your own? Hit me up
Lucky bounce. Gotta move on. Mavs fan for life!
Sorry i ditched :/ & Yepp me too, i can't wait either
The most important ingredient of #leadership: integrity - John C. Maxwell
GIS guru Michael Page is taking us through Google Earth.
It depends on what you need. If you just need to be in touch &/or view web pages and/or not write a whole lot of email, the ipad
Friends in Los Angeles - Head to tonight to see perform as part of the Locals Only showcase!
RT if you're ready for summer
S/O to this beautiful woman right here, i think i jus fell in love with this lady
Bottom line: without labor support an expansion is very unlikely.
I'm SO happy May is finally here!! Awesome things are coming up! Happy
Thanks for the shout out! Visit Kidskonserve to help your family save on their waste footprint!
Sometimes I can bug into a reply too. But I normally butter him up by reminding him how great he is. :)
Great crossover promo RT : Take your pick, ideologues: RT : going political with John Kerry & Scott Brown Bobble
I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU WITHOUT BRACES ((:
"Drummetteism" Cut the grass low and the snakes head will show!!! POOF!!!!
Ah, double checked ST account and don't see the ticket in there yet. Hopefully soon, I would think
Well if they can scam me from across the globe, I'd say from across the room is a pretty good bet.
No turning back.
64-63 #Syracuse over the #Badgers. UW chewed up tons of clock but SU will get ball back with 31 seconds left
haha we gotta let uncle chuck know about the nation!
Why, after 4 years am I now finding it harder to stay under the page limit than to meet the page limit in the first place?
they are watching. Always watching
Hey, I would like to join your team for movember. Can you email me your team name please?
cool phrase of the day: "a rhetorical Bermuda Triangle"
Taking a nice long warm, shower! Lol
Thanks for the feedback, good ideas :)
I'm making hake w lemon-caper vin, squash, fennel and Greek olives. “: What are you cooking tonight?”
are you into Express and Armani?...lmaol
Silicon Valley zip - first recruiter?
Only 6 fans left to complete 100 fans on Facebook! Who is gonna be
S/o to my new followers please feel free to follow me for my unprofessional tweets
See you at the Royals game tonight. I'll be the guy holding a beer.
So Twitter says I'm being "Rate Limited" Anyone know what the hell that means?
That review has already received a snappy rejoinder.
so did you listen to "Crunch Time" ?
Thanks, Lingua. Kids seem better- we were a bit careless with ice in drinks and toothbrushing. Today I'm queasy, but not too bad :)
It's one of the perks of having sinus surgery -- monthly cleanings. I like to think of the strings as a reminder to floss.
Wow that was a real work out even my nails hurt
Paul McCaurtneys blazer costs more than my whole wardrobe
Searching for a contract based #technical #recruiter gig in #SF. Leads most welcome!
damn....I liked brews better!
Bravo to Jerry York and #BCHockey for another national title! Best collegiate hockey program on the country!
Having.a boy
What a great idea to #KBFlashback! Wonder what other designers have images to tweet?!
Seeking money, seeking money! But where are the re-constructions plans?
WOWOWOWOWOWOW! Dallas wants this! Incredible game!
oh get over it!
help out a local musician.buying a song or t-shirt would help out alot.ask any musician they will tell you it's are fans that keep us going.
Its Tag Tuesday! The Seeking Tempest Dressed In White Galatia Lifeforms Cadence Get behind these bands!
going to a party later on.....AWE-WEY-SOM-MEY! :D
For once I'm glad that I don't have NBA TV. #Bulls over #76ers 35-26 at halftime? Did both teams skip shootaround?
Hey , I can't login. Site down?
Wait. Is my call sign "dude" now
YES RT You know, I'm now contemplating about changing the list name from troublesome catalogers to Magical Metadata Fairies...
Try punching your man parts. It works for us sometimes.
Today is my bday everyone I am 18yo today
Yeah I'm a big fan. Sets me up to compete with myself lol! And seeing friends scores on the app is good too
I really hope this isn't a sore throat I feel. NO! I say!
#GT lost 2 of the 3 games they had to vacate. If they had lost the ACCCG, would the #NCAA have punished them by making them vacate 3 losses?
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
led with yet ANOTHER lottery story, bumping Oakland shooting to 2nd. Please give more coverage to important news.
Anything from me? I want to make sure it got there safely.
getting into my bed after a long day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Fill in the blank: I'm looking forward to __________ this weekend.
Check your messages! :)
well you're not playing the NYC show so boo hoo :(
Stating the obvious
I am too positive to be doubtful. Too optimistic to be fearful. And too determined to be defeated. --Kim Garst
Oh my goodness Kevin McHale.
All three!
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
I hate the show big brother but for some reason someone always forces me to watch it with them
makes for a great Monday night.
DeKalb, GA voters- its not just about Republicans today. Get out and vote yes to Sunday alcohol sales!
All of the videos we show on Twitter comes directly from our blog site! We will be showing live performances soon on our social site!
Savory Cheddar pretzel things are delicious. Not sure why I didn't start eating these months ago.
Aaaandale weyyyy. Cant sleep while the jolly mexican giant is snoring. Omg stfu. M warmth(:.
.....GED classes, and computer training, while instilling hope and restoring a sense of dignity and worth.
Someone just finished the Morning Report RT : First GOOG search of the day "define:sasquatch"
I hope you saw the game earlier! RT : I've been sick in bed since Friday. I'm going to need a weekend after this.
The health club I go to offers free pizza on mondays. That's a great feeder program in my opinion.
Wow, I just rode past someone's house who had a green wreath and red bow on their front door...
No I didn't, I could tell from how we were playing. What was the score?
Vaseline: not just for breakfast anymore.
When your healing strawberry itches like fuck <<
thanks for being here! Joining us for Happy Hour at ?
This guy is feeling kinda KRUNK today...
Thanks for the RT!
I like that RT : Mr. Urlacher, meet Mr. Sherrod.
Will the #LDinaDay talks be recorded and put on the #GDC vault?
Sonoda's Sushi LODO 1620 Market St. #SushiCulture Yellow Tail & Jalapeno Roll Poki Roll, Dragon Roll, Crispy Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll, Kanpache
we will be at your next local show...you guys are great!
Can I get a "Stay Crispy!" or "Liv it up!" ? If so, I would be eternally happy.(:
Milla in 5th Element was pre-Diana. Post-Diana, she's just another zombie-killer, b/c I found my 5th element. :)
can get a bit wildd sometimes so I keep my distance if I have to 2 just to avoid any situations
Have a great weekend and come visit soon!
lol the paramedics said no concussion, didnt even have to go in the ambulance (thank god) just lack of sleep
Welch's orange pineapple juice.
Gotta check it out -- is it in with Five Guys or across the street?
It's true. I sprint. Not to be confused with iSprint, which is the iPhone on Sprint.
Just a second ...
Life is nothing more than a series of decisions. Even if we make the wrong one, we have a chance to make another.
I know! It's so exciting!
you lyin. i just sat down in there i rarely ever hit anyone... you do know that joseph had my account info right...
ok! in a good way i hope?
wish I was there!
so last night's dream included me, my bed, and some chocolate. lol but don't worry, i'm legal. #iturn22onfriday haha :)
what bands where there? And that's cool! I met him like 4 years ago
No reservations required! About the same price as a cab! (206)722-7696 more cars, more drivers.
Dont wanna go to the school , fuck!!!
Oh, yeah. :) It's all very legit. He's working on a sword (being a blacksmith and all) and Arya is, um, watching.
TODAY I WILL USE MY AK AND IT WILL STILL BE A GOOD DAY DAMNIT!
It's hilarious 2 me when parents are clearly embarrassing their kids n public
what u don't read my tweets to u? Seeing if u wanna go to the mall when I get back? Fuck you. Your
The editor has 2 hats, one to oversee objective newsroom, one to oversee edit board that takes positions, often those of owner.
dang. most of my updates mention eating. there is more to my life than that.
Indeed. I was rooting for Chef Symons. Love that he supported Autism Speaks.
Community this evening, wednesday, at 6:30.
crap, I should have brought you along!!! Next time :)
nickleback walks into a bar....there's no punchline because ruining music isn't funny.
Happy birthday to the biggest dump I know;
But not your million dollar company :) Maybe they'll give you a free meal!
I love GOD!
How's everybody doing tonight? Hope everyone had a good day.
yess I will tomorrow for sure
we will see, we will see.
That man of mine is my hero! I was stuck & called him in he was here within 5 minutes. I love him more & more. #lovemesomehim tweet
Aww man, I was looking forward to seeing you last night at Jane Friedman's! :(
happy to have you! Go
miss you too!!! <3
It’s time to activate a blueprint for yourself to manifest what you want for in this life, achieve your heart’s desire.
Cuddling is cute... Just keep your socks on
I'ma go on Monday, and done shorty still thinking about you. His first hug in yeeeeeeeaaaaarssss
Kids having kids.... No
I wonder what song it is....
I can't wait to get the goods this year!
Mom and dad said NO to a halfsleeve, i say YOLO <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
has snagged Lauren Cook from ! Lauren will now be the traffic reporter for "Good Morning Maryland"
If you buy the FTD Groupon ... do yourself a favor & make sure they don't have you buying from a special URL that has hiked prices.
Isn't that the beauty of dating: To find someone to match your weird..then exploit the process of doing so on twitter.
Thank you Mario! Very helpful. I will follow up with a consultant at #MyFitFood #AWESOME! (Having yummy salmon for lunch!) ;)
Tonight at Lubin House is the Business Social! Who will be attending? Tweet at us!
The first time I've talked to my dad in about 5 months.. And I couldn't understand much of what he was saying..
Hi Robert, thanks for following me, love Ontario!
Who else is lovin this cool weather? I guess I'm ready for fall.
im booked for the next two weeks. How about you tell me what day works for you and I will make it happen
strangers woooowzers what happened to u. We don't even here from ya.ur pose to be our PR n huh
Don't bother cleaning that fish before you cook it.
Na ima fight youll be on the floor ..word is born yo
I can do that. When is the Fest. of Books? Just want to make sure it doesn't happen same time as the Idy Fest.
That's the hottest Tweet (including pics) I've seen in a LONG time!
check out my new videos i uploaded on youtube.com/frederickhj13
Those who are heartless, once cared too much.
Nope.. Nope.. and if its a public fund ill contribute $20.
People, please tweet constantly so I have something to read on this roadtrip...
Starting to think children should have to fly in the cargo bay, Forest Gump Jr. kept tapping me and trying to antagonize me
I guess i need a reminder every now and then as to why I don't drink a lot. I'm staying glued to the couch today. Ugh.
“: that's your opinion” DAMN.
Tanks for the love.
its goin down and u missin it dog
thanks for following!
Only five more days till our new Chandler location is ready. Exciting!!!
#NorthCarolina shows #clearly if #teaparty ruled #America, All #scientific #racial #societal #technology #science #progress would
Why does THE CELEBRITY APPRENTICE bother with the "celebrity" qualifier? When was the last time they did a regular APPRENTICE?
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation.
Love your new satchel
RT if your a dancer<3
People messed with my Cosmetology mannequin & I'm probably gonna get points off my homework because my hair thing looks bad -.- awesome
thanks for the awesome Plymouth pages!
she look like a gorilla wit rabbit teeth
pull the trigger! : I do love deal's been swirling my periphery all day. Know it'd be smart to buy,...
boring I only have one photo I really like:/
Wish you guys would offer a workshop that's a little bit more advanced!
got em lol RT : do people even have those still lol i used to catch them for like 30 bucks lol
well whatever you want if you're driving..lol let me know.
any one tweet me :)
Now time to watch Fight Club. (Again)
In Charles Town's 9th race, I am betting #9 Anubis, but only at 5/2 or better.
Just got back :p
May is National Women's Health Month. What are your health goals?
Doesn't surprise me that Donovan McNabb's refusal to be a backup is keeping him unemployed. He's the most prideful player I've ever seen.
k I'm there
The Riverwind Casino Concert will be a fantasy after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Crying and saying everyone should feel sorry for us isn't really doing that.
Never let something that haPpens in a minute destroy a lifetime of strength.
if you could be best friends with anyone dead or alive who would it be?
just heard great Phoenix band Dyke and the Blazers doing So Sharp. Used to blow it up at the Calderon Ballroom south side.
Very touching moment of silence for Junior Seau.
happy birthday — looking forward to raising a glass with you soon… (did you realize you have another birthday buddy in ?)
Gonna make me something to eat c:
Despite being so small, #Ireland has the highest percentage of exports to the United States than any other European country.
lol well I know everything unlike u lol jk<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
thank you! That's actually the concept of Dekadent.“: you make the simplest of things look elegant!”
If the dog in The Artist doesn't win "best supporting actor" at The Oscars I'll demand a recount
You're in NOLA. Buy a drink for one of your friends. Have a good laugh!
I try to appreciate the astrological among us, but they make it so hard to.
RT Happy Founders Day to all my Alpha bros. Especially those E.V.I.L MUCH LOVE.
#TheSaddestPart about us is knowing you'll eventually leave. I mean, they all do. Right?
If anyone needs 500 FREE Business Cards or 500 FREE Postcards come check us out www.800printingnyc.com
my favorite genre of music is classic rock
BRRRR it's freezing here today. What's the deal with this weather???
Great season for mbb. Hats off to too much tonight.
and I'm loving every minute of it :)
you prolly wouldn't get in as much trouble as you're about to by calling it the "dog pound" instead of the "dawg pound"
ThisClose to giving up on a #Joomla! newsletter component. Support was great at 1st but lagging now. Version is buggy.my client is steaming.
RT Just finished how faith is dead without works. We cant just sit on our hands & wait for prayers to come true
Gotcha sweetie “ followback”
Totally spaced on this. We didn't designate a # tag because we're not that cool. I'll start a grassroots effort to use
I made 40 bucks tonight..
coo wit me prick
Thank U! We appreciate the follow! Have a great day! :-)
Please welcome as a BarTweet Bar Reviewer for Check out what's happening at www.bartweet.com
I'm always out on Tuesdays... I tend to bounce from bar to bar to see all my friends... hope you maybe got to see some good bands!
The hits just keep coming!
All the NeuroTypical people decided all the adults with Autism are the ones who should be forced to Beg. Easiest to Bully.
That seriously like made my day....I wanted to cry :')
It pisses me off when school teams play in aau state, and then get pissy because we destroy them.
#LiesToldOnTwitterAfterdark RT you know I don't do that kind of stuff. Those days are over...
Did Facebook REALLY think the natural way we scan a page is left-to-right, go down a little, go to the other column and UP, and start again?
Yeah let the weekend commence!!
yeah, I am
stupid churches and their stupid rules, next they will tell me that I cannot bring my beer cooler
Go go! Run like the wind today!
Go with WPengine….you will be much happier…..Pagely isn't very stable right now. Started with them went to WP…best decision
Get ready! My new blog is coming to the Jewish Journal next week. Shabbat Shalom L Kulam!
Watch with faith, not just your eyes.
Hope this weather holds out long enough so I can be first baseline tonight for the #Yankees game.
Thanks for the follow, Kelly!
get ready people! the new episode from the vampire diaries comes out tomorrow!!!! I can´t wait to see it xD
Lol! RT : & making #intlsymposium lively - thanks! Now I'll stop looking at my laptop
That moment when you walk into a spiderweb and turn into a karate master.
requesting Where Have You Been by Rihanna on
are we talking about their teaching, or their learning online?
hahaha I was watching highlights last on my phone so when one went back on it was that guy screaming
Lmfao RT : she's watching the finale with me! Clearly she hasn't gotten the fuck out my face!
Spending quality time with my fave aunt
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 78
Now THAT'S a teacher!
That's classified!
We're Austin Chamber of Commerce's Member of the Week this week! Thanks so much, we're honored!
Wishing you all a very Happy Christmakwanzakah from all of us here at SillySlapz!
I Didn't Watch It, I Saw The Performances On Mtv.com, & 2 Me,They Didn't Do Good :/ I Wish It Couldve Been My fave Crews :/
Happy, happy oh my friend.
thanks for following(:
- Thank you.
I'm searchin for a couple of points here! Don't need the brownies, just the points!
nope...not at all..lol...
People can't wait 2 Retire. Do they really consider how they will live out their days-How much income they'll really have at their disposal?
Hey #WHCD - F--- it, just let Obama host the Oscars.
VDAY SPECIAL: Every rider gets cookies and lmtd. edition VDAY card done by local artist Joey Nix
Figuring out how to get additional actions to happen when an Ubuntu (any Linux?) laptop comes back from suspend is a pain. But... doable.
Trying to think of stuff for my #christmas list... someone help me?? I like tech stuff and music and band merchandise...
Good to know. 16 is Indiana age of consent.
OK I GOTCHA THAT'S WHAT'S UP
Use pay pal or google to set up your website's shopping cart. They will created code to embed. Now your customers never leave your website!
If you ever need some advice just let us know. We love to help!
Huntsman: I was dismissed from a donor speech in FL b/c I spoke out
I find this Benton Harbor thing absolutely hideous. Michiganders need to stand up for our public land!
Watching Hotel Rwanda with Viggle Wed | 5PM | Showtime Get real rewards just for watching TV.
the mind is the mind and it is limited, but the heart is something different
Chk out my new clients on Teenage Heart Records... CD release party Sat 2/27 at Precinct in Smrvlle w/ Dirty Truckers!
"Capitalism is about creating value, not merely working hard or making sacrifices or being busy" Tom G Palmer
We may try to change, and if in fact we are able to overcome our own nature; still takes time, life, one event will change us so much.Why?
We kept twitter and facebook silence until we could call/tell in person certain relatives/close friends.
Chicago Bulls the last part of my treble, up with the ball with 7 seconds to go and still lose.
Hey I hope those adorable Kentucky players put that adorable ball in that adorable hoop more than Kansas tonight
Lol I know ... I'm awesome ^_^
The shutting down of the Kennedy space station is arguably the most depressing 60 min story Ive ever seen
Great tweets from #alamw12. You made me wish I had been there.
Hey Joe..it was audio from BTLS...Bubba half-ass apologizing for the Jack/ludlow debacle..about 1 :31...
Yes! (This is a real question?)
It's not raccoons > all pets, it's JUST raccoons > sankes. And, ideally, this one would be tame.
Come on and twist a little closer now
Apple has it's first $20 billion quarter!
I wish was on 's ustream today!
Merry Christmas! Check out our awesome music, delicious food, crazy drink specials and win some awesome prizes at our midnight giveaway!
my stance on the whole subject is I dont care who gets married to whom as long as I dont have to go to the wedding
If u stand for nothing, you fall for anything.
this could also be true
at one point during our sales kickoff today a bird flew into the room and hit a window. there is still an imprint of the bird
the was a hugge air vent leading inside!(: it was SCARYY!(: I want to crawl throught it!(:
$100 off! January sale extended until the 31st! $100 off any event when you book by the end of the month!
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. Doug Larson
Former #Duck LaMichael James to the #49ers with the 29th pick of the 2nd round...61st overall.
lol u never really enjoy it tho cuz u feel so guilty. O well at least I get to catch up on muary
Threw some cookies in the oven. One of the people I work with at the Zoo was selling cookie dough for her kid. Strawberry shortcake cookies.
No but forreal dont u hate when everytime u talk to someone they always talking bout all this neg bad stuff in they life???
Always looking to meet new #Texasmusic peeps at #SXSW parties. Where you going to be? We'll be around.
Aquarius~ What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?~ One Thing :)
all weekend at #sdcc it was
#talktometonite is on - who's in?
Hey Red Bull Fans!!! Don't be afraid of the weather...Party starts at Noon tomorrow!!! Empire Supporters Club Rocks!!!
#SometimesYouHaveTo start over: go back to school, finish that degree, get that certification, change your resume. can be hard but worth it
BUT OMG ENRIQUE IGLESIAS OMG, I WAS SO FUCKING CLOSE TO HIM.
why do you still use IE?
10 papers left to grade. is it procrastinating if i go workout? or if i stay to grade am i procrastinating from working out?
awe poor baby <3
// What??? Say it ain't so, Huey! Elaine Brown, tho, quite the songstress for real.
#App The secret to develop excellent app is to love codes and follow your feelings of beauty. Plus must to have fun.
Ha. He's like a radioactive marker for crap.
If I had Workaholics, I would have. I watched Buffy the Vampire Slayer instead. Haha
I love things about her...but I don't love her...
thank you for the RT! =)
yall eagles fans will never learn. Smh
o yes that would be would be amazing because my right ear is so bare!
what is Vegemite??
2nite's winner of #HardRockRising Battle was Le Cachot - they join 3 Dudes Chillin' and Patron Saint on 3/29 Finals.
I love how ny based movies and tv show new Yorkers eating hotdogs for lunch. Nobody does that
My pleasure. I think there is great synergy. I lo0ok forward to hearing back from you.
"Wow! You grew up!" Yeah buddy no shit.
Wanting to try something new...hmm maybe a new hobby like playing the guitar..now all i need is a teacher ???
I Love being his friend bt my friends want me to leave him alone what do i do
weve mutual friends in Producers!! let me know if I can do anything on the Right side of the USofA
just saw it tonight... Was pretty good
Publishing images from #Fashion Show on my Facebook Fan page at www.facebook.com/brandonphotos
Spicy wedges are the best food ever omg
June 22nd, 2012, Best Buy Theater, New York City Tickets go on sale Saturday (c)
Can't really fully explain how excited I am for this night.
According to a latest news there would 2 earth needed to sustain current human activity by 2030
i just watched all ur keeks like since the very first one till the end!(:
you must NOT know bout me
Stupid Teacher *Me sucking on a sucker* "YOU CANT HAVE THAT, THAT COUNTS AS FOOD" Im like This isn't food idiot.
you were totally right, that was a terrible film. At least I can go and watch Mad Men to make up for it...
Happy Friday! Thanks for the follow! Let us know if you have any questions. :)
ATLA staff are at Booth 251 today until 12 noon to hear from you. Enter to win an iPad.
<--- I really wanna see a lot of these girls this summer. Its been WAY too long.
I wish that knew that Today was my Birthday :( oh goodmorning
Glad to see ur doing great! Keep us posted on ur #HCG progress! RT A beautiful day shaping up!!! Day #2 of HCG.. Doing great!
Oh god. I have a *terrible* Sedaris meeting I'll have to share someday. TERRIBLE. I feel for you!
We will have the Velvet Hammer herself on day two of the summit! Jody Johnson will teach us how simple it is to fix most business...
Carl Petterson: A refreshing reminder that four hours a day in the gym isn't a strict requirement for winning on the PGA Tour.
Just changed my password. If you clicked on my message, you may now need to do that, too. Hope this puts an end to it.
How did you know!?
I love you too
I'll value your opinion when ya' favorite player got 5 ringz...
Mike is brilliant dude, but the justification being…?
But one type of book that practically no one likes to read is a book about the law.
hey gals! Can you all recommend some "GOOD" loctician's or salons that specialize in doing Locs?
everything is beyond great. My husband and I are so in love.
I have to stop watching this damn show.
heh yeah. I figured that out after I saw your reply. I was really hoping you weren't going to call me out on it. Haha
Idk if you'll answer or not, but I was wondering...do ya'll like Nine Muses?
Someone, please come take our ghetto couch!
No beer? Wine, Gin, and FourLoko is all you need
people are immature ha
| Your webinar is TODAY at 3:30 p.m.
Where is the weekend going? It's almost Monday! And you know what that means! #AFT!
What? Why are these girls running in the pouring rain at 6AM? I don't even call that dedication, I call that a step on the road to insanity
Have had a headache all day & almost passed out earlier.
Great seeing you at #RomareATL tonight!
bet you!
I need a painter. Can anyone in the 405 provide recommendations?
is so done with this week already.
Scmidt is HEEELLLAAAARRRIOUS!!! I LOVE that show
you'll get through it....I know you can :-)
It's all an age thing, I think. In the construction biz, we had to make our prints on a huge machine in a cloud of ammonia!
Magnitude 6.9 #Earthquake Strikes Peru
NOW I CAN. Ahah
"Ive, been abused I feel so used, because of you"
*Phone vibrates at home* Barely hear it. *Phone vibrates at school* earthquake.
The double tree is for fancy people, y'all. I'm more single tree level. - sarah k.
I'm excited to read some kevinsiwoff.com
Looking at old pictures brings back so many great memories #loveitt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Got my ticket!!! XD
This is strange because, unstrangely, I'm not a fan of cannibalism. I wouldn't want to put my teeth on any of these people.
I love the smell of a very hot curling iron!
Thought i was gonna visit there just for break , my sis was gonna suprise me when we got there but she ended tellimg me now :)
That was Maysonet's second major league HR. Probably one he won't forget for a while.
it's questions like these that I wish philosophy classes answered....
Smiling at someone that hates you just to piss them off more
thanks I feel like both of my picks have been guys that everyone else just forgot about
on a strapping man of the boulder breed? um yes please.
#sfeng252: In what specific ways does Virginia Woolf call attention to gender inequality in A Room of One's Own?
I walk in and everyones holding their own vibrator...
Ive been cleaning up my fb too. I want a place where I can share slightly personal stuff with people I care about.
true. It's just there are so many things. Hard to unify them - the 'shit's fucked up' movement should do well.
In 1492 Christopher Columbus sailed the ocean blue, if you are blue today & need someone 2 talk 2, call 800273TALK. :)
Was a great call! If you're in SF we can take BOTH of you to drinks. If not, look forward to chatting mid June...
I got an A on my quiz today =)... *does happy dance*.... Ah that felt good
I can't wait till austin tells us the info for the l.a concert!!!!(:
Just another day in the M.I.A!! RT : This screaming over salsa music is too jarring this a.m.
#ThatsATurnOff when she looks sorta like a dude when you really stare...
Patience is a virtue
My Dad used to take me into the City to hear the bagpipers. Awesome and unique sounds to a kid; made a big impression!
unless it is..
wow-.- RT So now a nigga posted a pic of his dick on purpose??? Wtf”
I suppose that could work.
No~! That is a negator y.I need my friend:)
i already know... spoiled it for me
sweeny todd is an amazing movie. Have u seen "chocolate" ?
don't retweet me no im just kidding I luv u
I listen to sad songs all the time when I'm 100% happy lol
We are still out of town. At an exciting travel conference. Where in the World Wednesday will be back next week.
this was way back in the olden days... 92. Things may have changed.
I like your style!
I want to thank my mom for the assortment of seasonal glade fragrances. House and car now smells like spruce trees and merry berries.
We need any local media contacts (preferably television). Please send any contacts to
Do something with the opportunity #Texans! Go to Delhomme if you have to.
#KeyMarkX4 class - Q8: What element was added to X4 that Classic KM didn't have? HINT: new element provides 4 times the keying capacity.
Friends with angelic beings maintained through generosity. Generosity is the foundation of a loving terrestrial and celestial connections.
Tonight was the packing home-stretch. Glad to have more time, but yes, all the good stuff is buried.
share with me! D:
Police say taxi driver apparently fell asleep before taxi hit nightclub crowd. Drugs and alcohol not a cause.
great show. Cannot wait till Arctic Monkeys in AC in June.
My holiday waistline is a little Jennifer Hudson "before".
The foreigner is wearing sweat pants OUTSIDE of our room, it is Finals week when that happens....
Tried of the same people, I need new people in my life
MY VOLLEYBALL GAME IS TODAY!! (:
then we can trend something like... #voted25xforAI or
It didn't feel like it had already been a year since I graduated until I sat through this ceremony. Now it seems like 5 years.
Mr. Wasabi got the flavor power in his hands so you can trust him when you come in hungry or even just thirsty;D
Do you know how to post videos to facebook?
Can't wait to see Woz again on Monday, he really had me ROFL with his first dance! I fear they will vote him off though
Ikr I'm so freaking mad I'm not been conceded or cocky but why leave a pretty girl for an ugly one??? She a major down grade!
The Final Plenary
#bumass Celtics don't want to be GREAT! They AARP Frauds! LoL
Ooh, me too! I think Imaginary Girls is my #1 looking-forward-to book for next year.
this weather is crappy and depresing...its why i moved from Pac NW :(
3rd I got a job and go to school have my own crib and a car, re check ur life ur 17 telling a celeb u luv them everyday!?!
You gotta pull it up! Then you gotta push it up!
Some people still believe Kentucky could beat Charlotte? Kentucky has (maybe) 4 players that could crack Charlotte's rotation.
And 10 computing units of that are mine! :)
Day one of Vipers practice begins!
Text WEATHER to 39327 to join our Daily Weather Alerts & get a FREE coffee tomorrow between 6a-9a at Biggby Coffee in Wausau!!
I haven't got my homework as I accidentally left it in my dads car last night, and now it is in the MOT garage so I cant get it until tom...
Do some people just not realize how stupid they are?
idk why. It said that to me to
I hate watching basketball games by myself , it's why I get bored<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I'm in the middle of so many projects at work, no matter what I work on, I feel like I should be working on one of the others!
Oh I have a question... Can I DM u?
is rehearsing for Dance is The Answer tonight!
Gavin DeGraw's new album (Sweeter) ain't too shabby. It's no Chariot, but it's enjoyable.
oh no you didn't
the world is changing nd i think some of yal dont realize that yet.
I had to. You know, "to prove that they really don't work"
So far the commercials suck!
Hey everyone we are back in Michigan this Saturday at the Tibbits Opera House in Coldwater!!! Show starts at 8:00 pm see you there!!
I really don't want to switch I Hope were stuck here till Lunch :'( !
Will be on DAMAGES (Season Premiere Episode 401) airing on Direct TV on Wednesday 7/13 alongside Dylan Baker. Make sure u check it out! ;-)
Nothing makes you more tolerant of a neighbor's noisy party than being there.
oh lord lmao
and in the same town!! The sons of Thunder??
about 10 minutes
what about DC?
Strength, endurance, or flexibility? Does one really have to choose?
Everyone in my family is a hardcore Chelsea fan
One thought might be that Google limits previews for people who use it a lot. Is that possible?
Weird, or totally not weird; I've had to go to the Tao Te Ching for material on power and perception. Zat was Zen, dis is Tao...
It's hard to pretend to be friends with someone special when every time you look at that person, all you see is everything you want to have
HCPs appear to have traits associated with personality disorders
I suspect that many personality disorders stem from the inability to distinguish reality from fantasy.
THE NEW WEBSITE IS UP AND RUNNING!! PHEW. Be sure to file complaints by clicking the "COMPLAINTS" link located in the body of my WELCOME se…
So, if you "stopped the monthly STIPEND" mARC, u have nothing 2 worry about. I have to use all the tricks I can with the feds, not personal.
Hey Thomas - I hope things are going well for you!
fb doesn't have followers....and Tom is for myspace...
I got you Under My Trance
Going to be gr8!!RT : Can't wait to see my girl on for her jewelry collection!! Loove it!!
Eff him. I still hold him responsible for killing that kids dad last year.
#exhausted and falling asleep
Niggaz sound dumb when they say they used to be chillin in jail.
Passed over for the Nobel AND People's Sexiest Man Alive!
I might have to get that recipe from you if its not a secret
Why just Purgatory? I vote fast track to the Abyss.
Go ahead and subtweet me. I enjoy it.
i should probably start my homework now
Tricks are good. Killing 2012. Hey odd question, do you cook?
People need to learn to write!
Had a great time tonight at the #WhattoExpectWhenYoureExpecting premier, after party, @ #TheRoosevelt. Now I just need to see the movie haha
“Life’s tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late
three skating events back to back! The Gymanimals beginning of summer skate jam! Cascade june 8.12
This game is such a shit show. At least it has been fun to watch.
My day was ruined : /
Pretty staggering numbers, I know.
Thanks for downloading Google Talk. Your typing fingers thank you for it.
Getting ready to speak to a class on Goverance
Can't wait when this day is over
So focused on what life hasn't done for me I can even enjoy all the success brought to me.
just 2 more hours to go lol but i heard that john cena got injuyed in his match against brock just hopes he okay
hey man direct msg ken anderson to follow me please
jealous-jerk!
Nothing Beats Failure But A "Try"
Every generation thinks it has the answers, and every generation is humbled by nature.
Marketing Professionals!!!! Redbox is hiring for a plethora of positions for our new Redbox-Verizon joint venture... Interested?
The weekends really need to be longer.
When she lets me brush her teeth.
. . . why? « So it's going to be crunk at school tomorrow»
Awesome!! RT Can someone pick me up a Mega Millions ticket? With $640 million I can just buy the zoo and let myself go.
My daughter is so fye for dvr'ing Single Ladies and Secret Life for me!
Look who's sick with no sleep
listening to drake pandora and packing to come home for summer ! i think would be proud of my music choice
yea! I grew up in Lincroft, but went to Red Bank Catholic.
Pffffffffffffffffttt. That's what I say.
Everyone is so busy waiting for spring break that they aren't stopping to enjoy what is before them
Oh, they were real. Wish they hadn't been, though.
Thanks for the shout out!! :) We venture out some, where are you abouts?
Jealous! I didn't get one!
We find that the best website for deals to South America is Expedia. Try that one!
wowzerrs she came in here goin ham.
tanning then getting ready for thunder alley <3
You really work at Initech, don't you? ;-)
All these grown ass men REALLY on Lil Boosie's dick though??? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Take chances. A lot of them. Cause honestly, no matter where you end up and with who, it always ends up just the way it should be.
for the first time in my live I simply LOVE Monday!!!!!
im so ready for the new yearss
excited to see you there!! #tasteofdc !!
Have no idea what I just put into the oven. Here's hoping it's edible.
I agree #vatech #nfldraft RT : with a name like Tyrod Taylor, I think it'd be illegal to suck at sports!
aw thanks love <3
so old! First album!
Gosh, downtown looks empty!
lol patents? The fuck? I meant parents.
Favorite memory? Watching on DVR. Pit straight grandstands looked half full, what gives?
RT : Cold Play >>> Please Make it stop!
... and all the people be safe too. I do care about more than the books... To all my Norman friends: be safe!
Season 2 of #TheOffice may have been the funniest season of any comedy show ever. Highly recommend it to all Netflix Users
and yes, completes you.
My hair grows like whoa!
Detroit city inspector told me to fix skirt on porch. Can't wait to see what he says about two burned-out bldgs next to me and stripped one
Thanks!! Trying to get the hang of it... I haven't quite caught on yet!
Actions speak louder than words. Show me what i mean to you
I wanted to wait until I had the actual printed piece to post. That one was super special.
one day, we will be on Top Chef. Even if that means we crash the set.
MY E YES
it's okay. It's for art
follow sexy ass 4 a follow back!!
I aim to please :) RT thank you for the headless, buttless bunny you brought me.
Really when you approach this subject, diagrams and graphics are two very different elements. Diagram provides direct information
Seeing and !!
Iknow, i finally got her to take it off.,
Ced about to be the new baller on campus.
Lauren recommends Church of Beethoven. And so do we.
Well, just for out of she shower! Today is friday ;D it's going to be a great day!
The peach milkshake from is the saint's Diego of all milkshakes. #Outtasight!!
Thank you for the #FF!
the same goes the other way also.
Where can we find her articles?
keep the #"inserthumoroustaghere" on twitter, please
A sudden dejavu from the summer with the last speaker of the SRC speaking about Ackerman and Promise Academies.
Is everyone ready???? RT : Keep following us today and everyday for fun giveaways!
lol.. South is the reason hip hop is dead.
Power Down Week 2011 starts today! Make your way to Riverwest and join us!
Sweet. Hottie on #OKCupid just asked me out & didn't wait for me to ask her. Granted, I messaged her 1st. But I like women who ask men out.
Arrived in Seattle yesterday afternoon. Today, getting supplies to officially start Into the Light Walk tomorrow.
So apparently I was just on Z100! Awesome
congrats! and what conference?
24 hours from now I will be at with acting a fool with a couple hundred other people.
no doubt...jim, you think that blowhard rush limpballs is better than you??
Two tickets to see Midlake on Friday at 9:30 Club. Wife can't go. I need a friend...
okay then when did you want to hang out
Holy shit. I almost just had a heart attack. I thought my facebook switched to timeline. Whew.
Somebody needs to do a 720
agreed, but curators would benefit from some education exp, that's what he implied, didn't come out that way via tweet.
"we're not telling you to stay home from work, but if you do, there are 16 NCAA basketball games on today."
All I can do is try...
Barry is listening to Creed. ARGH...my ears! I can't take it anymore!
If you can make a girl laugh- you can make her do anything. -Marilyn Monroe
A wise man told me don't argue with fools Cause people from a distance can't tell who is who
yep, that describes my morning. Start chugging water pronto!
": With and in first and Jenny made new friends :( lol" Lmao! No! Imy ;)
Whatever that is? -__-
A: De-calf-inated!
I'm looking for her I'm looking for her im looking for her *Future Voice
I know it's not football but even an Ohio State fan should be able to realize that was the right call.
"I am the chosen one" - hahahaha :)
don't fret! There are a few hours left this Mother's Day!
I still expect a phone call from Susan or another person.
Your car gets a lot more fun to drive when you get to the point where you no longer care if you break it any more than it already is lol
How come blog posts on creating an editorial calendar so often come down to a glorified, prettied up excel spreadsheet?
Considering sitting on my roof. But knowing me, I'd fall off.
Sorry to hear that. Always appreciated your uploads.
“He’s Crafty/He’s Not My Type/That Boy is Crafty”
Sounds like #Bills set to announce Mario Williams. Congrats and crew.
the land-owning stuff. as a kid, I loved GWTW, rode horses, watched steeplechase. I always wanted to be part of that (still do)
they should put a "CAUTION NO LIVES ONLY" sign up there first
One more week of school left in Anchorage. Have to confirm summer activities/plans for them soon.
Cows too skinny for him
Counting down 10-days to birthday, i.e. I have 10 days to find the **perfect** pair of dangly earrings.
And kids. You know, while you're at it.
Using Backbone JS
The Trojan grill >>>
I know u said something... About texting or some shit
Your Amaaazinng! Love You :)
Congrats to for releasing her debut project! Much success and the hopes for more to come!!
Jamaica Celebrates Golden Anniversary With Islandwide Events Through 2012: “Now is a great time to book a Jamaican vacation and benef...
4 more weeks until DeadPro rocks out Cosmic Charlies again!
Yikes! I wasn't on the selection committee! It might be the third science book, but at least it's the first graphic novel...
Thanks! By the way, I love following you!
yep!! y'all missed my birthday last month haha XD
Hey #drupalcon folk, where can I find documentation on hook_line_and_sinker() ? API docs don't mention it...
Getting ready for conference call about Films on Demand from Facts on File.
hahaha I know what r u doing ???
Working on realistic rookie expectations for tomorrow's BirdWord of the Day. What do you think? Give your take on expectations and BirdWord
thanks for the follow! Besides the Cubbies, MN is my AL club. Go Twins!
You're not cool unless you ghost ride your whip.
WILL YOU STOP ALREADY. I can't right now. I will when I can. LEAVE ME ALONE. You seriously don't get it..
HOLY SHIT i thought that was a real bunny.
Congrats to Steve & the guys!
it's not complaing I'm statein the facts<33 haha but u try writing without ur middle finger
to this whole NWI vs CHI debate let me just say from a man actually born n raised in CHI,i take offense to someone from NWI claimin the Chi
": #SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex Play-David Banner" too bad you get no ass
Teenager next to me on the bus is reading the Iliad. I want to geek out and talk to him about it.
Don't be afraid to tell your #facebook fans how they can tag you, mention you, etc. They may not know how!
Never ever settle for less than what you want and dream. You only live once.
Been sober for 3 days now Yea me <U+270A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
hey #fitnessguru do you like pre work outs like c4?
but why is it a top 10 list if #10 is a three-way tie? Just make it a top 12 list.
I, too, also miss Sarah as well.
it's time to go raid the kitchen..lol
They didn't pay him for nothing. He'll start. Russell doesn't have any NFL experience, but he'll be an excellent backup.
what it do!
My favorite show that I've seen so far at Louisville Palace has been ______________________.
Today marks my 90th day with my new job at REAL School Gardens and I'm loving it!
LOL! u r funny man. nice hear fromm you.
Ridin Round Blowing Loud, Fuck Hoes By The Crowd.!
That too! And those dogs are very cute. It wuld be hard to stay angry at them.
New to Twitter<3
The financial system meltdown was specifically engineered to do exactly what it has. Ignoring basics in economics with predictable results.
We're getting a makeover today!
RT : words cannot describe how much i love music. what a beautiful thing.
RT if you've had a hole-in-one!
ha yeah it is.
Hey! When are we seeing you next? Also, you're a fan of Grimm, right? A friend of mine just booked that show! Aaaahhhh!
If they expect more from you than they're willing to give, that's not love...that's manipulation.
If u begin ur day being grateful it can pretty much guarantee you HAVE a good day.
Worlds biggest fuck up. Right here.
pacers game, fear factor and lsu vs alabama, should be fun night :) go bama by the way
It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out
!!!!! RT Be confident!! Too many days are wasted comparing ourselves to others!
“: and now all the prop money is in action at the PLO game.
surprisingly there are a lot of people out there that don't find fault in it.
hahahah the Reese's commercial on the radio! ''did it hurt?..'' ... ''when u fell from heaven'' xD
come smoke!
Songwriting for new full length CD is going great!
Yea baby Murrary St on fire!!!!!
Can we renew our vows this weekend? It's been hard w/o you.
i will nevr depend on my looks,body or a man to pay my bills. I rest comfortably knowing i hav a brain that is in constant hunger 4knowledge
ring ring. Hope I didn't wake you.
yep exactly. Walked on it one time and the other time just witnessed the sheer beauty of its power.
My in-laws have a crazy alarm system and we cannot leave our room without pushing buttons and hoping the alarm doesn't go off.
bet that.
I don't think I realized how much I missed NYC. #dirt&all
A Personal Preview Of SMX London 2012
Vow to me to see the vow
Mary J Blige might as well have just rapped the national anthem.
The British bird asking questions brings a false sense of amazing, though.
No snow, yet. None predicted, this week. Wouldn't it be great to have a no snow Winter?
Seems like a million yrs ago. I haven't had cable in years and don't even have a TV now!
Solder Ends | Olive Hill Company
Why are the domu ads racist? Domu judges all apartments by the content of their furnishings, not by the color of their paint.
Thank you. =)
LOve the pix i took of you on page 66 Life&Style this week, you are so elegant :)
Our friends at are on #MonumentCircle along with & collecting money for #Indiana #Tornado victims! PRT <3
<U+FFFD> Realize deeply that the present moment is all you ever have. Eckhart Tolle
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>my amazing and ever so inspiring sista #TeamFollowBack follow her y'all! She is incredible!!
cuddle weather on staten island right now.
People I don't like.... they ask me to sign their yearbook, I only put " Have a nice Summer" and I don't sigh my name ;P ha, fuck you.
hey man respect the beef I ain't cute..... I'm beautiful
Fake TM! :P
Listen for us on WYEP today! Show's on Saturday, only 40 tickets left! RT!
The sick thing is that if I had the opportunity to request a super power for me it'd involve translating dead languages.
It's almost Friday! Do you have any fun plans this weekend?
How ridiculous and unrealistic is the man who is astonished at anything that happens in life.
: enjoy the game!!! Thanks!
#MyNFLRuleWouldBe to make overtime an extra quarter! Oh and let people celebrate in the end zone, it's entertaining!!
The worst feeling in the world is trying not to cry & then getting that lumpy feeling in your throat.
a percentage of everything you buy from today is donated to
the video was inspiring! I cried like a baby.. Breaks my heart.. If only everyone could focus their fame on the people who need it..
Advice/ resource to answer-- if you don't traditionally grade anymore, how does your school system handle that?
how about asking for your autograph instead
is now #FollowingYou I'd be glad if you'll
I think the reason I love #BoyMeetsWorld so much is because Cory and Topanga remind me of and me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
we're working on it slowly, but surely
Glad to spend today with family and good clients.
what I lack in artistic talent, I make up for with creativity!
“: u askn me questions like u ma bitch... #getgone wit dat shit”
Follow for all kinds of information about
There's a big day ahead of us.
If you have nothing good to say, then don't say anything. Who agrees? -Jo Lin
Dude poop?? That is the aroma of healthy man you sense!
yeah, but its gonna be LP, halsted and lincoln ish
Follow back ?
Busy & hecked valentines-____- baking at this hour is so stressing/: finally done with the orders. Goodnight for 3 hours
Maybe you should get out and push?
Tonight's event ROCKS!!
RT : "In the #spring, a young man's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of #love" - #Tennyson. #HappyFirstDayOfSpring!
My gold one wins!! You high fashionista!
that is the TRUTH! She is the DIVA that Lillias White!
just did(:
Ha! Made me laugh. :-) ": Women say they love nerds until you whip out your Pokemon cards."
I've said this non stop for the past year, haha but SERIOUSLY -- New samples will be up on my studios website in the next few weeks! :)
do your students have iPads?
I love my friends! -Maria
To which I say - it's about damn time, Jen Robbins! I blame you for this lack of Irish Coffee-drinking weather.
well maybe when your not "busy" you might have the time to talk to me haha
Off to Day One Pizza soon. Best alternative to Happy Joe's around. Inlaws are in town. Daughter has her first communion tomorrow.
Been waiting 45 minutes for my computer to start up... Going to be a good day at work....
Woo go celtics!!! Bring on philly!
Huge fan of your work. I'm happy to be following you on twitter now. You're awesome! :)
wenever i think i forgot something, i reread the previous chapter
I had Pdf995 on my older laptop, forgot to download to my new one. Glad for the reminder.
Found a sealed canister of crunchy chow mein noodles. Probably the highlight of my week.
well you better want to watch it you'll be in it!
and for other reasons and you know what i mean
I agree. Hope the new CBA didn't alter the way compensatory picks were awarded in the past.
I got flowers, a massage, and a wonderful dinner with wonderful company tonight :)
I fucking love you ! I feel so bad being ghost. You have no idea :'(
So who is going to be the biggest NFL free agent signing
Just found out the conservative grade school Principal used to frequent Rush concerts back in the day.
A big thanks to Whole Foods for partnering with us for October with their Breast Cancer Bouquets. It was a huge success!
After DMV lady took my pic I asked 'how did it turn out'? She said 'like a skater' :l Hahaha
Lol this dude hosting these rap videos is stupid.. Don't know shit.
A quarterback from a Big XII school has been selected in the 1st round of the NFL Draft 4 straight years now.
I thought the parents gave up on it, and the car hit would end it's life.
Ya will never hear me say that EVER! Lmfaoooo
Wal-Mart and Food Lion are both offering material support for the event.
Your chains plastic
CMON...you serious? U think he's gonna out like that? 2 much pride, he leaves on own terms #reallyMK?
It's hot, but king's island is awesome!
If the community is happy, they support your business and if it's doing well, you can give back even more to the community. Magic Johnson
I could fit so much sushi in there!
When I can make someone happy>>>>>> then I know I'm doing something.
Not too bad, UNITY is growing doing some awesome wishes! have you seen lately? Glad to see ya doin what yer meant to
I'm seriously sitting here looking at half eaten buffalo chicken mac shaking my head and thinking.. omg I need a nap now.
It's hard for me to believe that it was eight years ago tonight that we signed 97X/WOXY off the FM dial.
Bill ORielly wouldn't know a communist if it hit him in the face.
so gorgeous!!
Hate to say it but, the Pens got what they deserved. They stopped hitting after 1st period.
if you can sing you're automatically hot ok.
You don't have to run game to get what you want... Some people should really realize that..
I routinely drink 2 liters of diet orange soda in one sitting. Is this wrong/bad?
": Every relationship has its problems, but what makes it perfect is when things are bad, and you still want to be together."
Young enough to know I can, old enough to know I shouldn't, stupid enough to do it anyway.
ha just miss picking on u
Do it! I'm on the YAB board. You would be a great asset.
Where is the emotion in all of this?
Henry Ruffner "slave labor is bad for VA economy" - economic v. moral appeal.
"perfect me" was perfect.
Open night at the UW Observatory & the clouds move in...
Lopsided TV war. RT : MULawPoll: 45 percent have unfavorable opinion of public employee unions. Up from 40 percent in April.
Elliotte Friedman on John Carlson: "Even referees think John Carlson is going to win a Norris Trophy someday."
Friend night at edgemont tomorrow, pizza at 5:30 everyone come :)
Detroit love CM! Wish I could be there! Black girls rock!
Change of plans we are going to swain
and "Somebody's"" bday is coming up (lol) rhymes with "bearica" lol!
Good luck to all those who are playing Battleship today !
Study: The act of texting, eating and watching TV with an open textbook nearby.....
Whoa, tickets for Dralion in bmore ain't cheap!
When men speak down to women, do they know what they're doing? This fellow at Starbucks ("Spud," his nametag says) seems oblivious.
Haha, that's the worst. I always send it before realizing.
good afternoon youse cats:))))
Leaving the kick Back with my #iLL family. Had a great rehearsal tonight. And ate good after. Bout to head home and laxx (relax) . fwm
it was called "Senna" and it's on Netflix. They showed both crashes.
Thank ya!!
. To balance out the ad criticism from a few months ago I got my taxes done at Jackson Hewitt :)
2bd2br apt. Available right next to mine! Amazing area, walkable to lots. Wanna know details? Ask me. 2 parking spots in hollywood=gold.
Very welcome :D
man you are the truth!!!
OnceAgain BITCH I'M BACK!
#FF Truly one of the best follows in
Tomorrow night, 8pm, Emma Bull and Will Shetterly will be joining us for dinner and drinks, and favoring us with a brief reading!
whoa.... wait a minute? You actually mean that you *walk* into a *bank*. ATM? Direct Depo? Chase/PayPal apps?
If God has said it God will do it.
all stars tour, hurry up too!
I know! Too much hahaha...
Midterm today, English class started (hate the course already). Good shows? Who knows when. Seeing in Grand Rapids 7/22 :)
If wishing made it so, right?
woman in black..this friday
oh snaps I do. Are you sure we never listened to them together?
the landscape images will be fully uploaded by the end of tomorrow, (7th July), sorry it's a week late
That look is priceless!
I really like the suggestions and real solution gift giving ideas
Friday afternoon fun: updating Research Guide links to the new library website and playing on Twitter
Will do! He's in town for the awards banquet tomorrow night. Going to be a fun night!
The killers rock Whoever in VMWare decided NOT to let people working the booths in to the concert: you suck big time!
I'm just kidding, I support him haha
The #scholarlyattrib meeting has broken out into working discussion groups, so light tweeting => actually talking not tweeting!
Just ate for the first time today.....
going shopping and then ending up lost in a really dodgy street at like 10 at night and took like half an hour to find the
That was the perfect study break:)
well send me sum of that good filler we hurting in Baltimore lol
Fuck i'm still drunk
_: Everyone deserves to be happy
Good morning, Switzerland!
oh alright but deff hit me up this weekend
Animal Man is the only New 52 that was actually good as a first issue/reboot of sorts. Batwoman, Batman, GL they just read like normal
Go Vikings!! The Boys in Black are back! Wartburg watch out!
when you set up your screen name, let me know and I'll set up a game.
are you dressing up?!
Thanks…I agree! Are you ready for the weekend?
IT FEELS GOOD TO FEEL GOOD I LOVE MUSIC WITH A PASSION IT THE SECRET IGREDIENT THATS KEEP THE BLOOD FLOWING THRU MY VAINS
Come to stans house fire some drinks. ;)
Remember when I brought you my bullets and you brought me your love? Fantastic. Now all you do is sing and it's quite disappointing.
Great interview today with Fantasy Dance FM!!! Check it out @ www.fantasy967.de
wow, I had no idea they carried that in Texas grocery stores :)
Service Update: We need to take the service offline for a few minutes to apply more configuration changes.
can you pretty please tell miranda and Blake to Follow a precious little girl at so she can win a bet. thank you
Many women I have met say their partner won't move. I was shocked how many that applied to.
Every problem has in it the seeds of its own solution. If you don't have any problems, you don't get any seeds. - Norman Peale
Of course it's raining in Mahopac
RT : I can smell grass! Not weed you stoners ;)
"My doctor told me to jog 5 miles a day. I called him 2 weeks later, I said, 'Hey doc I'm 70 miles from my house.'" -Rodney D
The guy bouncing on the wire killed it!
and you want to lose your amateur status
Hey FYI the cast & crew have a union to represent it thank you.
I got plenty more facts to prove your lies. I can keep going all day punk. Be a man, stop hiding.
Wishing you all the best, Wayne! Ellen Fisch
Maybe I care too much. I miss people who could give a less fcuk.
With over 7 billion citizens of Earth, if u can’t find customers u r providing the wrong product, service, or marketing plan.
My mom randomly said iconic boyz and im like "huh?" "the license plate says icon and it reminded you of them. See I know you" lol I love her
you make me happy :)
I can take people making fun of me to an extent, but it actually kind of hurts when you make fun of me 24/7
I say that every night!" : This came out of my mouth:"I'm so tired,I just want to watch the news and go to bed."How old am I?"
Have u signed up for the Healthy Holiday Nutrition Seminar yet? Seats starting to run out! RSVP by emailing now!
Good Morning! Im off to work!
hm let me hit her up then. hah
Netflix has a lot of old SNLs. April 1977. I'm going to search for it later.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts three Pack of Top quality Crystal Very clear Monitor Protectors for Apple
Citing Notes & Queries seems counter-intuitively complex eg: "title" N&Q 47 (245).4 (2000): 435-436. Seriously?
Hope you all feel better soon. Dip those kids in disinfectant before you bring them in from outside. They are germ factories.
Just give me something without any sugar in it!
About to do 7 hours of service...
It's especially vibrant around dusk.
IT'S LIKE I'VE BEEN TELLING YOU FOR YEARS!!!! YOU'RE JUST SO ADOWABLE!
who u goin with?
GooD FoR U TJ!
Tensions in Pacquiao's Camp, Alex Ariza Criticizes Bob Arum: Fan Reaction: "I think Mayweather said it best after his fight, as to wh...
what's good
Got dat ASAP ROCKY...."GET LIT" stuck in my head....
haha,i can get u a company too lol,we're ''watching'' The Lucky One :D haha,no im not gonna,jk ofc i will. :D <33
not high enough
I will assume you didn't buy a Collection
iOS 5.1.1 time! (See, we tell you we have an iPhone when it's not even relevant)
You can literally say a million things to me and I wont get mad
#Imagine Harry: Roses are red, violets are blue, God was feelin’ good when he made you. :)
Awesome seeing you turn the corner onto State street with that net around your neck! Great UK career! You will be missed in blue.
Well you probably shouldn't skip that ;) Congrats man!
ouch! Take care..
Damn!What I’d do to have you here, here, here I wish you were here) Damn!What I’d do to have you near, near, near (I wish you were here)
If you come home each evening and eat dinner with me, I'll know that you love me
me too !
Thanks for the mention. All working together HELPS!
Muscle relaxer, my newest dearest friend...Thx for keeping me from clenching my jaw all night long. What a difference in pain this morning!
Finished working now school run...no time like the president
it's actually at CMU... Get with it. Cc
So i really really really really really wanna go to the zoo, idk why i just doo,
I'm in! RT :@ #mom2summit! is talking Self-Esteem with & at 9:30
Last Dance...RIP Donna Summer
finding the Mtn on your remote is the toughest job in tv“: The Mtn analyst just said Clemson's the toughest job in the SEC??”
Yay, thanks! RT : Going to on Montgomery Saturday to buy kitty food. Love that I can shop for supplies there!
Please more OSS117! Also, just watched Monsieur Lazar for FilmestDC -- wonderful.
no reason to pay more than that to see the cubbies haha
I'm heading to bed I'm pooped , fell asleep watching tv
watch out Mke!
One of my top five days of the year...happy NFL draft day!!
It is healing related. Shooting 4 netwrks such as OWN, Travel, or Discvry...21 countires so far! Enuf 4 a couple of seasons!
dis song should only take me like 2 blunts long!!!!
ohh forget I said that lol
Great tweets coming from #najds! Thanks
lol cant help it
There is one just off the Snyder on Westport Rd. Next to Taco Bell.
Just found a whole bottle of Orange Stoli
and worse. Did you see the rights grab for the photos and content posted. What stops them from selling photos to media for cheap?
BUT! Only one sponsor so far! Remember, you only pay the sponsorship if your challenger completes their 24hr Zine...
Pickup Line: Hey do you live on a chicken farm? 'cos you're really good at raising cocks
Mystery writing class by top-notch instructors at Mystery Writers of America University Aug. 12 NYC bit.ly/pfDfqP
Live a life you love by taking The Advanced Course....Create a life vision in which you and others become fully engaged. Cynthia Harris
thanks for follow!
I understand that...
I got a samsung galaxy player 4.0 yesterday. Fucking epic
Can i just magically turn into the 2001, "I'ma A Slave 4 U" edition Britney Spears?
on to the next!!! #clippernation will be Cheering you on!!
Day 1 in the studio. Tracking drums, tracking drums.
A study has shown that #low-fat dairy products may decrease the risk of #hypertension in women.
Thanks for the mention! Do you really live in Antarctica? We would love to see photos from someone living there!
Thanks for the follow, check out other members of
If everyone could go follow that would be fantastic! PLEASE AND THANK YOU! <3
Honestly, I am fine with Peyton moving on, but tweeting lyrics all day is absurd.
#impracticaljokers are hilarious! I'm dyin!!!!
Nothing much at my grams....you.?
The bad news is I didn't win the lottery. The good news is that you didn't.
:) RT Happy birthday !! hope u have a nice day! :)
Please follow me<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
FOLLOW FOLLOW
is an avocado RT : really happy today :D Avocado is my new fave vegetable :) x
How does a normal conversation with about the zoo turn into let's give everyone Elisa's phone number...?
We're watching a movie but it will be over soon. Then he's all yours!
The Guto is currently wolfing down imitation crab legs before they reach their expiration date.
Shes my nigga :) RT : saw and her cute cousin at Wing Daddy's:)
I'll be attending. Though definitely without bells.
Iranian drama is film to beat at Berlin festival
Perimeter ID checkpoints just now being set up to close CU campus to non-students for #CU420. Jeffco sheriffs on Bway & Pleasant.
The yanks loss to the royals blows so badly
Why the Fuck does everyone have a tye-dye shirt?
yes! We need to start a travelling bluegrass band or smtg. Xo
That's good news! Hope she's doing okay.
liverpool v/s chelsea FA cup final this saturday. up for watching at a bar ?
In my notes on trees: It’s not just how big it is, it’s also how and where you use it.
Hey! RT : What's up stranger? Lol
Come to fishers I'll give you my card!
You're welcome! You deserve a follow so much! =)
Ohh. And I can't. Haha.
Hello - I registered via Google but have not received license key. Not urgent, but checking that you received it. Thanks.
Stuck in Frisco.
I can't stand OKC and the ownership group that stole a team from Seattle. But they are fun to watch. (which makes it hurt even more)
Jake from who???
I am thinking about getting a Ford Focus 2.0 Coupe Cabriolet for a new car!
bad day. 1st hubby's car breaks down, now some redneck hits the mirror off my driver's side so it's illegal to drive. no car, lots to do.
Who's seen the Bat Mobile today?
I am stalking as an Independent Candidate. Independent in thought. Independent of influence. Independent of a pulse.
All kids have hopes & dreams for the future, but growing up shouldn't have to be just a dream for some. #StopChildhoodCancer!
"PRAY ~ To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled in behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy." Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914)
Free Iced Cubans today! Mention this post at the stand and it's on the house!
I just was asked... how is it having three kids in college. I cried.
Has anyone sign up on the Ning Network?? Need badges.
Gotta work till 6:00 p.m., not much time to do anything!
you should !
Having a potluck breakfast in cultural anthropology! :)
oh! I will try to make it!
Bring them to class?
We do! We have super stylish Public bikes 4 sale (we r exclusive retailer in ABQ) & mnt bikes/tandems/kids bikes 4 sale too!
that's all u want rude
Off to Barcelona. System changed my reserved aisle exit row to a window non-exit row. Nobody knows why. Hope it's not one of those flights.
Is there a renovation coming?
I saw that! We're sharing the Groupon day with two other offers: a coffee shop and a pole dancing exercise class!
Finished my Book of Mormon Challenge with Kaylee. She beat me weeks ago, but I had to finish. Did it in the nick of time. Now to do it again
That's a wrap. Thank you for tuning in. I am exhausted. Times like these I want a drink. Sorry for clogging your stream.
Had 1st street discipleship today after building some relationships!!! AGTG!!!
Cant stop me now * let em no
NY Post Columnist Aims Racist Remarks at Jay-Z and the Nets - BET
Lie to my fucking face again..
weird! i had a dream that was driving a minivan and she drove us off a cliff... we all survived.
I believe so. Lol
This is what I love about #thegrammys . You get to see people like Bonnie Rait and Alicia Keys singing Etta James!!!!
Back to the real Wisconsin! Cold & windy!
#HappyMothersDay! Wasn't easy to find a place for Mother's Day Brultrasound, but we found one with scented probes and free Mimosas!
We've been teased.
ran by 2 straight males? cops would raid that place so fast
Follow back! Thanks luv <U+E328> hugs & kisses & support to all <U+E418>
What are you wishing for?
Attention HEAT fans, tomorrow I will be spinning at AREA 31 for the HEAT Game...watch it live, with my music before and after the game!
. 1/2 Reminds me of a Catholic school story: college friends told me nuns warned them to sprinkle talcum power in their
Happy birthday, Mother's Day!
In theory I'm not allowed to drink on the street, but, the cops in town are? There are trash bags full of booze in front of cop cars near me
Happy Birthday to South Korean president Lee Myung-bak, who - still being alive - turns 70 today!!
"You Only Live Once"
its is the most worst week ever man i tell u cant wait for it to be ova smh
I've always wanted to write, produce, direct, cast, and star in my own films, like Charlie Chaplin.
lol. Oh no!!! Oh I found them. Whew!!
Yep will be in DBR offices in a bit!
You want to know what "Political Correctness" looks like when it runs its full course? Now you know!
Been listening to Robert Glasper Experiment's "Black Radio" on Rdio at work this morning. It is awesome--I highly reccomend it!
Would you agree that getting started is the hardest part?
I'm perfectly happy 2 C every1 take historical turns but pls try 2 use dates. Chronology rather crucial in historicization
Is in LOVE with my new #opi nail polish #didyouearaboutvangogh. Prettiest color I've ever bought.
I never realized how much I loved weekends until summer ended...
How to avoid problems with repairs, refunds and costly call-outs - Herald Sun
Kidd-Gilchrist is one tough dude. #UK so fortunate to have him. A monster of a player.
Big shout out to my folk happy bday bruh. Big things poppin this year for ya. Go time!
RT : Wow - does not have a G+ Biz page for his company - he interacts via personal account (me too)
Kereem's got a table of goodies for sale out front so you can sample some of our wares in the beautiful sunshine SE 79th & Foster.
Peppermint-Oreo is at Fenway now, alongside Original and Banana. Grab some today and eat your cares away!
#IAdmit I changed. But I'm still the old me ; just grown up
Re. virtual service. Chat is not the answer to everything. Need to look into shared desktop environments.
Trying to let go of the past
How more longer do i got to wait for a boyfriend or girlfriend :c
Josh Beckett should just pretend those boos were people who just noticed "Yooooouk."
Now someone needs to shank
Hey i miss : i haven't talked to him in a while! <3
Not only do we have the best Korean BBQ, but we can cool you off with an icy cold adult beverage from our full bar as well!
Back in Action today.Thankfully, our offices are in good shape post-earthquake. Now, where's the bottled h2o& flashlights?
This is courtney tweeting , EVERYTHING . Btw .(:
The dance team gets free tanning
Hope you get home ok tonight.
lol why is that?
Thank you for your support!
I love the picture! Thanks for sharing! Enjoyed your presentation at #ir12!
"Like those animated photographs from Harry Potter, the ZeroN system is designed to provide a lasting, kinetic memory of your interaction"
SPIRIT AIRLINES LACK OF COMPASSION, ULTIMATE EXAMPLE OF OUR COUNTRY'S ESCALATING INHUMANITY TO THOSE LESS FORTUNATE.
I'm jealous!
ok the new #dr.pepper commercial is #DISTURBING!! them men are ewwww
If jazz is dead, does it make me a necrophiliac?
indiana election commission hearing now underway
#ThoughtsWhileRunning "Hell No."
Only one more day until our fight is over!
Great! Just give us a call 678-653-5424 and we will be glady to set up an appointment. View www.facebook.com/keepitcleankarpets
Rewatching "Le Divorce" and am wondering how cannot be one of your most favorite human beings
Got our whole staff laughing at this one. And the S.AP award goes to....
#SEC officials blow a huge one again.
: Oh, I based that from the tweets that I just read between you and another gentleman. I was confused while tracking the convo.
Awww ! I will wish you the best birthday of your life!
Congrats to my pal who won her primary last night! Going to the House for better or worse!
oh okay thats completely different!
OH: "Getting t-boned isn't nearly as sexy as it sounds."
I checked into a hotel this weekend. I told the girl I hoped the porn channel was disabled. She said "No, its just regular porn, you sicko"
Hi, We would be happy to find out what your web needs are and see if we are a good fit for you.
- google+ never really took off outside of the tech community.. Am I right?
#50thingsihate Having no followers =(
johnny you in the west loop right now? chilling in your pad behind the billy goat? hawks looked good tonight
Scoring too easy | On the game's first possession | Sometimes spells defeat |
I'm a bad motherfucker
Good d there by ajb. Calm beyond his age
Damm that boy was fine (;
you need to be a player in an active game to post scores (m4fbz)
Kids love grandma. She relies on Social Security. Granny & gramps paid Social Security taxes their entire work lives. So do mom & dad.
Dam , 1 enchilada = 922 calories what Omg !!! And I just ate 4 :o dam I'm running today and get rid of these crazy calories I consumed .
Be the girl you’d want your daughter to be. Be the girl you’d want your son to date. Be classy, anything but trashy.
following back
Sleep :) Night people :D
Thank you very much! Just repeating what God said and using what He made...: )
What a great domain name for your business! Is there anything we can do to help you with your business?
“: Just called and they have press option #5 for the joke of the day. AWESOME! Great customer service.” ... Gotta try!!
Joining the GET team officially Monday. Excited to be a part of the GE organization. "Imagination at work" is my middle name!
Did he say "peas"?
What a win!
If oprah had a lipstick line the first color should be called Opression
yeah thats a well needed mute...thats the worst shift lol
That's very much my feeling.
“: Don't make a permanent decision based on a temporary emotion.”
Rep Ryan said Obama was right the healthcare needs reform, but was wrong about how he did it.
I just looked threw all your photoshop pictures on twitter... I think i peed a little from laughin so hard!
watching pitch for the Mud Hens tonight. Good luck, big fella
Glee tonight!
Somebody will pass u by as a popstar! But, I will always see u on those steps in Canada w/ ur guitar as a normal kid with big dreams!
I have seen a lot of ops go wrong in Budapest today.
shut your Whore mouth
lakers better win, or it's gonna be a quiet night
My #FridayReads is Pulp & Paper, by Josh Rulnick. I love short stories. Iowa Short Fiction Award AND bonus, printed it.
most don't..
Yay! See you there!
: the crime problem in Baltimore is getting old.
Yes, Newt your getting crushed! We don't want corporate Lobbiests in this state! Go back to sucking the corporate tit, slimeball!
Student Recital May 20! Proud of the talent & accomplishments of our students! 3pm
Chicken fajita sandwiches?!?! Yes please!!!! #yum <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
We're a legitimate site desiring to share w/other legitimate sites. Any suggestions how to fight the sudden onslaught of Twitter spam? UGH!!
Yep. Makes u ask, "is tonight worth a pill?" If u take it expecting a rendezvous but the moment doesn't happen, there went $10
Happy Birthday to my nigga, bestfriend, & brother have fun out there in LA and will do it up when you get back to the A!!!!!
Accidents happen!
Who are these total losers who sit in the audiences of "The Voice" or Dancing w/ the Stars & enjoy being there?? Get a life!
Hey guys I haven't been on this account in a while :(
K- Dog is fantastic!! He had his Kieran to cuddle with.
I get the most hate from Smilers, like what? Miley says to Radiate Love not hate.
I can provide crustless sandwiching but a true bro doesn't hate but appreciates crusty style.
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT!Please!! 1
Each forward step we take we leave some phantom of ourselves behind. ~John L. Spalding
good morning buddy how are you how's ky treating you
Such a good dad RT thank u...we jus went skating
Thanks to happy #followfriday, have a lovely weekend!
Joshua didn't make it :(
Never thought id be hoping for another thunderstorm.
I'd like to get one if there is. difficult to tell gender even for names written in Chinese characters, not to mention English
Depends on how well he does. If he comes up and flops he might never leave, if he kills it he could leave in a week or two.
Until we launch? :)
“ man pussy iz pussy...regardless of the chick skin tone. #MyOpinion” <--what he said
do you have one of the following: #GDrive, #DropBox, or #Wuala? They'll enable u mount remote folders.
"May the bounty of this great nation bring blessings to all!"
Going to 's house AKA Chanman23
Happy Cinco de Mayo! What are you having today?
much like has to be reminded of the world east of I-15, let me remind you of the world west of the I-95 corridor.
NO WTF. I DON'T WANT TO MEET THE MUFFIN MAN.
What's up yo! I follow back and party in the Hotel!
It's National Sibling Day! Come in with your sibling and get 30% off a bottle of wine! ID and/or emotional scars required...lol.
you mad late
yo j dot my lil homie been a fan for a minute. Send him your email to shoot you some tracks.
NO HOUSTON STILL. And the closest you get is the day before and the day of Warped Tour!);
oh I'm gonna try baby boy :) Have a great Friday night!
much luck with your surgery & recovery - all us Brewer fans will be thinking of you & wishing you the best!
ohh no lol a girl looked like herr, I wish I saaw her!
this is how we wrestle son! Haha jk ;)
I was just thinking that RT : Barbosa is annihilating Chalmers.
my dad be pissing me off .
of course :)
that's actually smart thinking haha
"Clint Hurdle. You lead the Rockies to the World Series, and you're walking Chris Snyder..."
We moved. No dial tone. comcast tech no-show. Reschedule? Hell no! Closed the account. Now no phone, no TV. What next--now water?
RT : Springfield OK? Yes...still working at UIS - grading frenzy began! I sent u an EM tonight w/AAP info.
Hell fuckin yes Stur_dd was suspended thanks everyone for taking action against this crazy person who hates Naya Rivera..who could do that??
Saw an awesome bumper sticker today, "Friends don't let friends drink Starbucks." So true. Be a pal.
A longer drawn out primary keeps the "nobama" message ringing
If your reason WHY is big enough, the "how to" is EASY.
Apparently asking for a day off to move is unacceptable. Oh well I have a life outside of work so they can just pack sand.
you're awesome! Congrats on the Grammys nomination!
Thunder park tomorrow #YEE (:
y did u drop me as a folower
Salute to my new followers I preciate it!!
It is going for $250.00. I think in 1997 it was going for $100.00.
I'm ecstatic that your videos are back! I love you!(:
:( since my fabulous friend and amazing stylist lives so far away, I'm forced to settle for a random weaveologist.
Blasted on my way home from work. put me in a good mood and
Hey lilsisniece. Yeah, I'm so excited! Hugs & high fives
Yep, Im Opening For Him May 26th at 7pm. Im Also Selling Tix For That Show Too $10.00 If Purchased From Me..!!!
Tomorrow I'm Irish! Happy St. Patty's Day to all!
We misanthronerds await the day when a half-baked Singularity attempt turns the would-be Uploaded into techno-zombies.
with nick Johnson...we are trying to win here
lol i ment on Facebook !! dummy but never mind ii'll use this twitter thingy
Headed back to MKE
That's what I'm doing! Someone should make a loop of this song so it never ends.
#alatt phew, catching our breath before #MIH flashmob. remembering the mantra "it's a marathon, not a race"
Happy Sunday everyone!
2-1 win in goal tonight :) #hockey | Now time to be productive again
ok I will.
my dad sent me a picture of himself with his ax by a huge pile of wood he had split. He is 75.
I just text you lol
Found ur youtube channel yesterday & realized i was already following u on here. Would love 4 u 2 review my app when done!
Loved Red Couch. Please go see it! So full of joy. Don't be turned off by dance label. Physical comedy and lots of laughs too.
#G2i Dr Hazeline: Technology that simplifies our lives will be the big winners but the payoff needs to be instant
Easiest way to save money? DON'T SPEND IT!
"Stop telling people what you are GOING to do and start showing them what YOU"VE DONE! —DJohnson (Retweet-Post) :-)
Bad sign if I laugh when sends an email about how much they've improved their customer support?
I better be that girl:-)
Can someone senfd the cheese a list of the players on twitter???
add Ryan Vogelsong to the K parade (at least he swung), that's 6 strikeouts thru 9 hitters, 4 of the last 5 and Friedrich is perfect thru 3
and a happy thanksgiving to you and your family as well,, all is well with you I assume ,
she's going to have a dark side now? :o asdfg how or why did he die (Matt) and is alaric gone forever orr?
Rabbit Hole (2010) A wonderful and touching film about coping with the loss of a 4 yr. old son. A credible story intelligently written. 8/9
A moment of boredom has me watching Frank Sinatra's 1982 concert from the Dominican Republic on public tv#Chairman Of The Board
no telling what he meant... remember, his name is 'Orel' so you can't him seriously.
Happy 420 to all who enjoys it. Just enjoy it safely!
Today's musical indulgence is being satisfied by some James Taylor... JT is definitely a favorite (especially on crappy days like today)
I keep thinking it's not possible for me to be more excited for that movie.
Time to go to class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
It was great meeting up with all of you tonight at Buffalo Wild Wings. Thanks to all who came out and supported the cause.
somebody give me good mixtapes to download.
Hey Facebook friends! What are some tips that you can give to new runners?
Remember when overalls were cool to wear?
2night's pasta special is: Goat ragout with grilled pears served over gluten free gnocchi. This should help u feel content during the winter
Sweet Home Alabama = greatest proposal ever. Patrick Dempsey, PLEASE open Tiffanys especially for me and ask me to marry you. Please!
I would kill for one of 's hats! They got so much friken #SWAG ! Plus... I'm in love with hats in general.
- That's great! Quality #ECE teachers are incredibly important.
I don't care if my kids never get to see a polar bear... I never got to see a dinosaur and I did fine!
This is what I call
LOVED this seminar! Thanks for making it happen.
Todays farm to table fare at the bakery, skirt steak w 15 green salad and an anise hyssop lemonade!!
were you see
Crazy-eyed woman just approached me in the lib. Her: "Jessica?!" Me: "No."
If you’ve never jumped from one couch to the other to avoid lava, you never had a childhood.
LOL! We should exchange recipes some time.
“: speaking of dream phone and sleepovers... We are overdue!” agreed lets pick a date ASAP !
Damn, if I had found out about this earlier, I'd be in $Oregon and Not
ya I'm watchin
had to give my little bro a ride to school. Ill bring my four dollars by break.
didn't want the public option, and in fact they did vote FOR it to be included, it just means, those Conserva Dem minority would not
You totally rock, Ms. Cherrystix!
So a girl got kicked out for uploading a video to YouTube. LAWLS.
I thought I would be a good fit for it so that's how I began
#IfYouThinkAboutIt shit happen for a reason
you have messed up big time. #Bbn is about to pounce
No!! I'm missing the clippers game!!!! Omg!!!
completely agree...Drew Carey just doesn't have nearly the same appeal as Barker did...and the new announcer blows.
hm never really warmed up to that app.
RT Also next person to come in for an ear project gets it for only the cost of jewelry!
Steven Tyler looked like he is in his own world!!
I'm not afraid to admitt that I still get jiggy with it... In the privacy of my own room.
#Nf thanks for the Follow Brutha!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Revising while listening to 2009 Foxy Brown gives my sentences the worlds best rhythm
RT Attorney/former #Albany school board member Judy Doesschate: she's decided not to run for 109th (McEneny) Assembly seat.
Organizing a coral reef restoration #scuba dive in Key Largo, FL, late May - let me know if you're interested. 2 spots left.
because you live in Wisconsin!!! Why do you always forget that?? ;)
Due to Mizzou's weak 1st round loss to Norfolk St, the state of Missouri's new nickname will now be the "Don't-Show-Up State".
Bbq'n wit friends...where yall at?
Love life because god didn't have to bring yo ass here
my baby turtle got killed last night. i feel so awful :( RIP Jett <3
Amanda, is a 7 day window for first contact from your servicer normal?
After this gm, I will not watch another min of nfl this yr
WELCOME BACK TO TWITTER MY DEAR!!!
One of the great things about Saturday is that I get to put Bailey's in my coffee.
happy birthday(: I love you!
Football in 2nd block? Heck yeah
glad you agreed Steve! It was the best and most powerfully moving film I've seen in ages. Saw it 4 times in the theater!
Tonight @ 6pm, the brilliant gang anthropologist Jorja Leap will be discussing LA gangs + her new book at Be there.
help me!:( how do you get those smileys to show up? Their in your bio
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Hi Ashlee!! Thanks for following!! How are things in NC? Hope you are well & enjoying the races. Best wishes and stay beautiful.
Hey, thanks, man! Glad you dig 'em... we couldn't be happier with the quality!
Drifting thru on an intimate nite; I c your heart and I take flight. Our hearts have both been broken b4 but now it's time to try once more!
I'm coming! I hope you've always wanted to visit Detroit. :-P
Can't believe the Reeg clipfest is over. What a run! And I will miss Joy Philbin almost as much! AM TV at its finest.
How do you one up a perfect game?
You know it's going to be a good day when you have a friend coming over in the morning to watch Twilight with you.
You go girl.
have at the movie
RT : RT : Why am I still up?
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Gripit Dental Pics and most oral care products.
Hello west! I think I am back on your time zone now. Glad to be here.
2%......ride the lightning!
what a wack first half!
so close to gettin those lids, i can almost smell the freshness
Sorry so late....I just commented! :) Love the site.
Morning good people!
things are becoming more of a lock and confidence is growing by the day
Working on a social media presentation with Do you have a success story of how social media has impacted your bottom line?
Good Morning!
Yeah, someone has seen one of my pictures on T-shirts in Bangkok, but that's the risk of sharing online.
Brotherhood and Revelations get a bit redundant but the series is totally worth investing yourself in.
me:) will u plz follow me?
There's always some truth behind "just kidding"; knowledge behind "I don't know"; emotion behind "I don't care"; & pain behind "I'm okay
Mother's Day will soon be here. Looking for a one-of-a-kind gift?? Stop by the Scottsville Farmers Market. We're open from 8:30-12:30 :)
would wrire on my license plates!!!(:
CIROC Offical Vodka of ThanksGiving! - M...its some damn good vodka.
at least i told you i don't like you bitch
how you gonna hate me when me and Lu just took twenty racks and put coast on them kids back it’s 30 degrees outside
Did you get your Gift Certificate?
My Dr said I have Tom Jones disease, I said is it common? She said "it's not unusual"...
Do you use Ning in your higher ed courses? If so, how? Please message if you can comment.
i super judge the pacifier. Neither of my boys used them and I think they are more harmful than good.
monologues, cold readings and such. No accompanist, so we can't work songs. Not sure where either.
We hit 1000 followers this weekend!! Thanks y'all!! Also, Geaux Saints!!
waiting on you fam!
We are new to Twitter so need lots more followers, please tweet about us to help us out with that! We have some new news coming soon!
weow, only if is tryna get in the mix
San Jose workshops has been cancelled again for the second week. First swine flu, second security problems. 400 Beats left stranded.
All women should have access to birth control regardless of where they work and how much money they make.
on my deck counting dolphins.
watching the #badgers on tv in the #seattle pro shop. Whew.
I have been listening to nothing but for the past two weeks
AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN<3 RT!:)
Found file w/ pgs from H.W. Wilson listing all the titles indexed by each of their indexes in 1990. Wonder how many titles still exist?
I always know exactly what is talking about. At all times matter of fact. lol.
Do u have skype
The Street Fair looks like a good time!
the way you say it
is a man of ambition.
mark never seams to change lol
You up from your nap yet? Just a few minutes to go until the movie starts.
thx for the mention and RT!
Establish the credibility of VOC Data over time to be heard by executives
same here, my girlfriend on the other hand. Dune central.
hell yeah
Thanks Rob!! Have a great day!
I never wanna hear you say, 'I want it that way' <3
Thanks! RT : Just followed Like excellent quality (yet affordable) journals and notebooks? Then you should too!^_^
Can't even do it because she never emailed me it -_-
Just wrapped 2 sessions which began at 8:30am this morning and I suddenly realize I haven't eaten a single thing all day!
That is ridiculous.
I've been called many things, but never that! RT My puplicist deserves better.
I'm having a hard time adjusting to the darkness in the morning. It still feels like the middle of the night.
So excited for TITANTIC in 3D!! Every time I see the trailer I tear up a bit. :P
Leaving momentarily in search of the best slice(s) of pizza in Greater Reading. Wondering how this turns out - other than full
There are plenty of fish in the sea, but i'm looking for my Nemo, so I'll take my mother advice and just keep swimming.
Don't forget your cup of Mc'Donald's coffee today.
Everyone Make sure to follow my Lil Sis ... she is an AMAZING person, who is following her dreams <3
I ordered a breakfast burrito and it had rice! Ugh. Eggs and rice!?
Fair enough. I'm not a soccer fan, but I think MLS is a great thing for Portland. I just don't think it should replace baseball.
...and if you want to get some people to follow me so I can get to 800 followers, that would be kind of cool....
girl I feel you it getting cold in dayton to.
I us to thinks I was ugly... Still feels weird when I catch eyes staring @ me
So if the ppl on the next block still got they May 21st signs up....ima twitpic they ass!!.
Every time One Door Closes …Usually You Have To Call A “Locksmith.”
We know where to party and where to chill. DM US! <3
I get it. But you are not funny.
New FREE MyBiz iPhone App coming soon! Visit MyBizXchange.com to learn more!
Agreed! : And I don't think most restaurants use it to its full potential Re: Opentable
if only i had a car and money..id be there this weekend
RT : We hear you plan to #DOFL2012 on April 26! Have you decided on a restaurant? Looks like you have some...
Glad we finally got you the responses you need :) And, will be in contact soon to pick your brain about some improvements!
Thanks for the MT and for using the #JAM2012 hashtag, we appreciate it and were glad to be a part of
I know not where next, but I look forward to it
As I wrote in my preview, safety a highly underrated concern for the Bears. Conte good, but Wright as a starter?
raining so decided to make jewelry....organizing the studio.
A lie doesn't care who tells it....
Twitter was made for events like today's unveiling of the new uniforms.
Firefox won't load my gmail and some other pages! But it's loading the website editing page I need. Hm...
This heat dont seem to affect my dopeness!
i'm gonna end up arguing with this computer all night.
I just love it when stupidity reveals itself. lol!
oh cool :) so are y'all coming later?
I just lmfaoed
Travis finally messaged me. Thank god, on my way to cheering up.
me too. Pretty cool stuff.
hysterical ;) what museum??
Happy Birthday and may god bless every step you take :) and keep inspiring people because you are amazing :) <3
Haha, no- The title is a metaphor. I'm terrified of motorcycles.
Guys who play air drums... Ugh.
We need a salary cap on how much u can spend on hoes who come from nothing. They r misplaced in nice neighborhoods
We threw a party yeah we threw a party.. bitches came over yeah we threw a party
Can't fucking wait for the beacon on Monday!
My thoughts exactly!! “ Are you kidding me Carlos?!?”
RT : DUNCAN: We don’t want students who can just simply fill in a bubble test but students who can think critically.
If I win the #MegaMillions #Jackpot you won't know for at least three months... gotta keep that sh** secret!!
Going flying?
Eben. When I heard you were going to Teen Hoot, I screamed. Omg. YES. <33 I know who I'll be meeting this summer. :)
Lost in this whole Randy Edsall transfer debacle is that he's done this before. Just ask Terrence Jeffers-Harris.
Doing favors, being nice & ppl not holding their end so it comes back to bite me.
9/11 memorial in Eden Prairie moved and inspired me. My son then got a spectacular fire apparatus tour by , EPFD. THANK YOU!.
YOU DID!
my favorite is Techno? Tech - Yes!!!!
“It Always Seems Impossible Until it’s All Done.” – Nelson Mandela
Yeah, Justin is home. This mama's heart is full!
Where do you find the time to commit suicide? Smh
are u taking tracks with singn hooks?
Look for the announcement of Tour Dates soon for tour endorsed by Gibson Guitars.
Thanks a lot! :)
Night Pastor! Its been live!
congrats winners!
Need help boosting your brand's image on social media? Now accepting new clients for full time management! Let us promote your brand!
I have a pet unicorn.
time to rest. well deserved.
First Blazers game I have deliberately turned off a min into the 2nd Q w/ no intention of going back to
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
Yes, I've had the font (and font size) issue, but highlighting seemed especially thoughtful. :)
Responded to FIRE @ 16 Grove Street, Staten Island, NY 10304. Red Cross auto update.
I guess so. I guess I was also trying to shift direction from the tweets from Kampfer and a few racist fans.
Or midnight in paris
eWW hahaha-----I dont want to have Romney as our President---he is the wrong choice
I'm always with you lol good job nerd
I wish and still lived here, I know they would go to the beac with me!
Congrats to all our graduating seniors { } + all of the other grads! Cc
When you free this week? RT we can do it if it makes sense my g
Walking is the best possible exercise. Habituate yourself to walk very fast. Thomas Jefferson
I would call tech support I would there is a easy fix for it. *611
haven't been at this shit in a while...... whats everyone up to?
Woo hooo! 500 followers! Very exciting! Thx for the support everybody!
Ever wonder how flexible the length of flight times can really be?
Just got fab new top w/ happy hour 20% off!, still 30 min left
Listening to Holst's planets. Every motif in every sci-fi movie score is already there.
I'm chasing my dream. Day job is chasing me. I feel like I'm in some screwed up Chekhov "comedy".
Mr Welch. Mr Barr passed on March 16, 2012 in an automobile accident on the Rte 20. Thought you'd like to know, sir.
yess and i would tweet ome but either twitter or my computers being dumb
RT : Off to Polka Fest at St. Helen's -- for the BEST tacos you could ever hope to have.
Whoops. Was on the wrong account.
Hell yea #Nuggets win!!! What a game
Lovely client comments on 's ambiance "Your music is awesome, always fun!"
Lmao! RT : They don't have the purp && turquoise 1's in my size ! Fuck me running ??
I feel like worshipping.
Glad to have you here! Feel free to follow/tweet back any comments.
yeah, working in the stadium, seeing the pros it looks so easy. They also make the mound seem so much closer to the plate...
to be fair, he's probably already screened, interview, AND hired several people to assist in taking care of the baby.
Totally. Reminds me of my recent #TwitterChatter with —pop, performance, and the bleed between the two.
Pete got slapped around by an old British guy!!!
All I want is to have Justin hug me. To feel his arms around me. It'll make me feel like everything is gonna be okay.
NC State needs to pull this out for my pools sake...
Fringe Season 4: 5 Questions About "A Short Story About Love" Fox's Fringe returned last night after a month off, but SPINOFF wastes no t
I am a librarian who lives in New Albany and works in Lou. I want to volunteer at NAFC. Can you use a librarian volunteer?
Just for good measure, should definitely get a shout out as I mess with my Twitter virginity.
Ugh there not gonna have dresses here!!
Will have a new book out soon with a few pieces from fellow writer Boneata Bell, keep everyone updated, Have a great weekend, time 4 sleep
hello! Nothing much...walking through the pouring rain in NYC right now. How is your day?
contact me if you need tickets or any of my bruhs, or any other fraternity members and sorority members.
rocking an old school hoodie! Does that count?
yea I passed out at like 9 then woke up. It's the worst
Come together!!!!
C'mon just do it, I did it why can't you?
After 2 here at Sessions Stadium up 1-0 on Mercer!
I'll be working at the Verizon Center...so I've been told Virginia side would be better? Thoughts?
Tonight - all vinyl Techno Set by Travis Baron at Contour - 12-1am - No Cover!
lol it's cool
good now i dont have to feel bad
omg it was GRAND<3 you're such a good writer:)
"I've never felt this way about anyone else" Every guy says it, few mean it.
Omg crying. This movie is so sad.
haha I thought thats who you might be talking about. Tell her I said hey!
YOU hAVE AN ARMY!!! FOlLOW IT!
agree RT : ICONic Boyz need to do a meet and great in Chicago .
What bridge are you on?
The next time someone asks if I'm married, I'm going to say yes.
To all the bars competing for the #HappyHour bucks: you gotta get in the customers ear/mind way before 5pm.
As someone else noted, you really shouldn't be discussing the quizzes (which aren't collaborative) on Twitter.
The Browns fan in me is happy. The Buckeye fan annoyed.
ran by "The Orlando" earlier (somehow still in biz) & was just at Kings Road Cafe (great) ...having deja vu of 2yrs ago
RT Secure & reliable way of communication 4 Iranians & friends - iran.whyweprotest.net
: It's called a fwolfpack
yes. How many points is the real question.
I bet we could get Baylor to issue bonds supporting some expansion at the Cotton Bowl.
Just got run off the soccer fields by severe lightening.
probably not
Hahaha oh , i love how thinks . (:
You coning to court tonight ?
I don't know why ppl think overt sexuality is appealing. Music videos just seem gross to me.....
with the stupidest people in the world? really?
LetterThree provides customizable strategy sessions for your counselors. Visit us online at letter-three.net.
STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP !!!!! FOR REAL!!
BREAKING: and I have recorded a streak of 69 correctly guessed illustrations in Draw Something.
Morning to the new followers!!!
ipad has iphoto, any plans for picasa for android?
#whatmakesmesad is When ppl hate on for things she tweets,care about ur own god damn self&leave her alone!
Ard let me kno if she doo so lookin for a job....
In the park wit my nephew
gonna make this project happen soon. We'll have to have another planning session when I get back from tour.
Yes - we're back. Sorry for the break, work was smackin our asses! :)
I like 2 lick, I like 2 sip
Lakers Play hard in game 7 stop folding up the tent early.
omg really I still love you
If they don't know about da #Empire They going to learn tonight
Everyone follow ! #adamto200k I love you Adam!
where's my product!!!! Ah hulk smash especially lil nigs so a-nat get his ass kicked last
finally got some time to listen to the new pod cast! Made my morning a little more bareable
It's 64 degrees and SUNNY in Denver. rode his bike to work today, did you?
Thank you :-)
jacking my bed planking swag.
Kilwaukee, wisconsin home sweet home
Well played, sir.
I hate spell check -_-
YES! “: Love this=> "Stop calling orgs "non-profits" highlighting what we don't do - how about "for-purpose" via #SocEnt”
I am looking for a reliable literary agent to introduce me to a reliable publisher; I didn't know I had to be rich to be a writer.
you and me both!
They do??? Lol.. Basing it on overall coverage, attitude, professionalism, insight etc.. But, agree to disagree. :)
Done with my morning gym workouts now class than getting something to eat than more gym time!
lol I think there is value in traditional and non-traditional. Sometimes solid traditional resume = solid employee
Obama, if this economy is Bushes fault and you can't handle it then resign and I will show how to get the job done. No more BS Obama!!!!!
we so excited
No life. No friends. I have a tv. I'm okay with that. Except when there is nothing on. So I guess I'll sleep. It's 9:20. On a Friday.
Thanks for checking out the review and I will stay tuned for the giveaway!
I was told from folks around here "he won't care"... See we were right, he noticed.
you think god picks who he wants to end each day?
How many teams have a QB who has been to at least on Pro Bowl.
Just when I THOUGHT I needed help
Is Christmas over yet?! Sheeesh.
what is it?
Teaching this weekend at Broadway Audition Workshop in Philadelphia with Jen Rudin & Ben Lipitz. I was up by 3am because I’m insane.
#SAChat What would you add to this list? RT : 50 Tips for College Students via
sometimes I feel like all the blood is rushing out of my body
Some kids are rewarded when they get good grades, me?no. My mom says "U LEARND SOMETHIN. DONT EXPECT ANYTHING FROM ME" yeah.
Running into annoying clients in public is always awkward. Always.
lmao! You a fool.
Now THIS is weather #ROC!
That "Chick-Fil-A" breakfast I had this morning was awesome! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
tracking my package....left LA this AM....can't wait
: What concert costs 45 cents? (cc )
so, Fredo, you wanna eat the performers? Okay.
hi I LIKE OREOZ
m good coffee is a good thing. :)
Shoulda been there...
I sent you a screen grab.
y Virgo???
Do not be eager in your heart to be angry, For anger resides in the lap of fools. Ecclesiastes 7:9
#Rockies Tyler Colvin getting some work at 1B during BP. If you can hit, they'll find a place in the line up.
Good luck tonight!
fuck this , im going to bed
There's nothing like a week in "the real world" to make me miss L.A.
!!!RT : #Sagittarius independent spirit won't tolerate any restrictions on personal freedom.
& Even Tho im 24 & For 11 Years This is What I Been Working For, The Story is Just About 2 Start So On That Note Good Mornin & God Bless
Dying of laughter while on rides with and >
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him
Saw a brother in faith today at church. Good news. Hope to see you again soon
Never trust quotes you find on the internet - Abraham Lincoln
im ready to.tell it all
Happy Early Easter!! "The spirit of Easter is all about Hope, love, and joyful living. "- Anonymous.
come to South Carolina!!!!!! I'll be there in 2 days!!!!!!
Content marketing is such a greenfields and exciting space. Can't wait to explore what's next...
Fun dreaming today w/ Providence Network about a housing program for young adults rebuilding lives from homelessness
hey man you seen Asher Bradshaw? It might be cool to have him at the factory...
I am so tired of living in your shadow...
Let's call it wisdom! :)
Cheers to the freakin weekend!!!!
Oh man. Jersey Shore and Dance Moms on TV at the same time. Life is full of such challenging decisions.
One of our beautiful listings in Rittenhouse Square.
I should start charging you big bro, haha.
Orphan horses are often raised on raw goat's milk. I've bought plenty for them but never drank it myself.
Ecofact via : Each year Americans throw away 25,000,000,000 styrofoam cups, enough every year to circle the earth 436 times.
doesn't need Khloe & Lamar to show me what love is. Thank you very much Bravo!
I dream of getting that kind of time off. You'd have to plan the illness in the right country though.
next week is gonna b crazzyy
Pumpkin butter is my new favorite! What's for breakfast this morning?
thanks Clarence time to get a cowboy!
Hey let me just wipe off my face, so your mom can sit on it
all fodder. I can make the same racist, elitist claim against Obama that you use against Paul. Ever hear of NDAA?
That's interesting ": I think Tiago Splitter is already a first ballot Hall of Famer by basketball Hall standards."
you do it first though, cause what if your just playing -__-
I'm still looking for my sanity and nothing more. I think I left it inside 55 Sycamore!
HAHAHA I CANT DEAL
Words I'd never thought I'd tweet: I'm impressed w/ the #Panthers fans. Standing that long indoors in Miami isn't easy.
Okay, I changed the Avatar to my Captain America v. Vader piece - do you think it shows up well enough? Kind of dark.
you can't be tweeting encouragement to the C'mon Man!
So bored
I saw you in an elevator at the Motel in Hollywood in Nov with Nathan. I must talk with you about my loved one who needsU
Peaches n cream popcorn
ha you got tricked by the free food. Sucka!
lmao you're so unbelievably cute sergio. :p
Who else looks in the refrigerator for one minute and finds nothing and then goes back 2 minutes later as if something is going to appear.
My mom is being super nice today.. What's going on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
To be honest, I got not fucking clue what's going on.
OK yeah just did that. Crossing my fingers.
Is this real life?
good luck making him into a man.
is seeing Sammy & Dan in the Bucquisto Cabaret! Yay cabaret!
Let's Go
Interviews with Paper'd and Vook in the coming weeks. We're excited to have them on board to share how they're changing the digital space.
baby baby baby!
at least the last trojan war vet is still alive!
Ostrich egg? Really?
aww <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> thanks beautiful (:
I was at the wondering the same thing about you!
goodnight xo
Wow, sorry for the previous tweet - it is NOT the #WhiteHouse egg hunt cancelled, but one in Colorado. Boy, it's been a long day!
Enya is the shit 'sail away sail away sail away'
absolutely. perfect.
Thanks for the laugh I needed it today frustrating day
is hosting the Tony's again ... Woot!
Thanks for the time today and taking a look and thanks for the tweets!
I never thought about doing that, but I think I will have to try it, sounds quite tasty.
Lol I know we all gotta do something soon we gotta make a date soon
Is it me, or does buying a LivingSocial deal for Lasik surgery seem a little reckless?
Went for a run this morning and felt great! Foam roller may be my new favorite thing.
What's good bruh
Yes, there will be pulling. And porking. And mouth happiness. That better? :P
Last night was interesting....
awww #bestfriendlove...tonight was good i like it!:-)
"I believe in the power of the student"
I hate how artists sell more albums once they die. Oh, now you want to hear them?
Orange line is a hot mess this morning!
RT : It's what you DO - not what you KNOW - that makes a difference.
Like rehearsal maybe?
Change is gonna come but not without a fight...
At the Midwest brewers dinner @ farmhouse listening to devil in a woodpile (or whatever they're called now)
Georgetown University Technology Awareness Initiative 2011: Cleaning Up the WiFi Wasteland
oh man! I was working the fire.
OH MY GOSH. You guys. It wasn't lost! It fell down into my... er... pants! But hey!! I still have it!!!!
I mean how can you leave the cheesecake factory and say, oh that was worth $100, I fell great!!
Cliff-hangers.
yes. #christmasmusic & Sweaty Balls “: Has has SNL kept it fresh for nearly 4 decades? It's the technology, stupid.
I'm so stoked to try it out. My natural curls suck so much omfg
You two are the best!
I wish I had done better in my past. Now that I have someone that I truly and deeply care about it doesn't help that the past haunts me.
your smelcome!! have a great day babe!!! thank you hun!!! Love u too , can't wait !
Would love to hear from dramaturgs whose contributions to opera productions have had positive impact on the work.
I dont believe you have to be better than anybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be
Casting: Male - 23 to 26 (latino) (curly longer hair is preferred but not necessary): Cute Guy next door type, sweet, caring friend. email
When you can't sleep because you're not in his arms..</3
Lmao at the man city supporters group email! Bore off! Where was the email last year?!
some dude on the bus on how to improve #baltimore: "we need to do whatever NYC and DC did".
Right?! Those were the days...
his math is based upon bible quote that says 1 day equals 1000 years. Not sure how that leads to being off by 7 years though
Thanks for the shoutout! #PurpleStrideMke our next big event on June 2!
thats how i lost 2 girls i fell for my colsest friend
why is #sorryjustin trending? what happened??? and #deartaylorswift? the most stupidest things are trending!
Robert: Dude i saw the most stupid tweet ever..this idiot kid.. Alex:..What was it.? Robert: When you open snapple it pops.. Alex:.. ahahaha
I love Resident Evil, is that the same thing?
Congrats to JG Client Jordan Rhodes after being Named League One Player of the Year
yayyyyy 400 followers at last now lets get to 450!!!
you should really get it for gaining more total followers! Good fun! Lunch on me post Super Bowl!
and I thought you were a friend.
Tonight: Bare Mutants, Outer Minds (), and Awful Waffles at 9:30 $8. Awesome bands!
Sad to be missing THATCamp tomorrow (I'm at #ncbo instead). Hope to see useful tweets though
just mentioned "improving places to live, work and play" as part of the mission of community foundations
At UB football game vs UConn. Fireworks later, notsomuch in the game.
you sounded great! Good Job
“: #nw laugh at my pain and talkin to jada” Cracking!
Is that Zsa Zsa Gabor?
my criteria is first who I think has read the most books and then who has written the most books.
glad you are tweeting again :) I fell off for a min LOL
; like in feb !
Wow things were looking up for sports in the state after this weekend, Tebow would start us back on the downward slide.
My New Year's resolution is to continue to make major positive changes in my life. Lots of things are going to change for me this year
RT Great quote: "Life is full of obstacle illusions." ~ Grant Frazier
sweet. Thx for the heads up.
Newberg Fire ambulance with few.and patient involved in head on crash. Air ambance just took off w victim.
BREAKING: Gov. Chris Christie endorses a meat lovers pizza.
Andino drives in o's 4th run of the inning! O's up 4-0 bottom of the second. Magic up by 5 47-42 over the pacers in the 2nd quarter.
Did you know that 90% of petowners are certifiably insane? - Going to the asylum today (PetCo)
Made 9 hamburgers.
Turning in my change today!
At work SLEEPY! I, wanna, go, HOME!!!
Jessica as perfected the "you're going to wear that tonight?" line.
I'm guessing it's a joke but I'm a "glass is half full of booze" kinda guy.
It's okay. Just us drunk night owls.
you forgot your Iphone:(
Just wish I stayed around to see Johnny V, Roland Guerin, and Nicholas Payton at the Maple Leaf next door. Probably as tasty as that po boy
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
Congratulations on all these great professional developments. No fake baby needed now!
OK; maybe I'll run into you this week (back in Vegas tomorrow). Gl in the donkament today.
Triple play! Well done #brewers!
Any recommendations out there for proper, decent bagels in the STL area? Here's looking at you,
Making banana pudding today with real vanilla wafers. Hope I don't mess it up because the wafers are good all by their lonesome.
Its breaking bad time.
me and 's new favorite song... Call Me Maybe
“: There are only four guys I need in my life. My paw-paw, my daddy, my brother, & Paco.”// and Steven
u better be kidding..or I was going to have to "work" Friday...!!!!!
You know it's #football season when you the #broncos Players drivin to
I just follow people who are of interest to me. Sorry "first name, no location, no picture girl".
God, I hope so.
Graduation is so depressing
So glad we were finally able to meet! Safe travels! Hopefully you won't be delayed too long.
come stop by my house in Cleveland I work and can't make the show
I'd be happy to help point you in the right direction () We have great partners outside the US!
you are FANTASTIC, and doing great things for the city of baltimore.
is the flex map working? Collaboration across state lines. Gotta luv it.
TGIF, Friday the 13th, Winter and snow. Who cares! Come have a Fish Fry They're delicious.
Not ashamed to admit I just bawled my eyes out from happiness during the Season 2 finale of Downton Abbey <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> haha
i love my boyfriend tho aj and cj cant get no better =P
"Funny story, your honor..." RT : Always nice to hit construction traffic when I'm on my way to court. Dammit!
very true!! If you don't look like you've jumped in a pool after a workout..it probably wasn't very effective :)
Thank you too. I'm looking forward to tweeting and having fun!
Ugh, who's good at algebra 2 ?! Help me please :'( -- IShakeMyAssFor[$$] () me.
The books done! now on to editing... fun times. Looking for advice on self publishing, feel free to shoot me a link with any thoughts
#tie2011 Great conversation concerning the role of facilitator in PD, the main idea is "connections" online and offline.
Almost done putting away the shower gifts. Glad I found our new wine bottle opener!
I saw the pictures you put up on facebook, they look great! Thanks for stopping by on Sunday! :)
Stay strong
New topic - Tribal Birthday
feel better<U+2764>
Lack of ownership by a leader is a sign of a follower.
same thermal, same t shirt, same jeans, same sneaks.... SAME RESULT. get those fucking brooms out
I officially have poo on my skirt
thats awesomely funny
ya they played it at the sports banquet :P
Much Ado About Brew - less than 2 weeks away - get your tix before they sell out: kgoradio.com/beer
Excellence doesn't require a huge budget, just a little extra love. (Great convo tonight.)
the ending is what pierre believed was right and acceptable.
wow that's possibly an all-time low and that's saying a lot about the Post
If I were on a dating website my profile would read: Introverted asshole with a hatred for dating, and all things romantic, hit me up!
Good god that was depressing!!!! #seeprevioustweet Maybe Calabria radio is in order. Going to run off the ick.
I know when to stop. I know when to let go. I know when to move on but "I know" is different from "I can" !
Hey Brian! Looking forward to a great meeting tomorrow
Newt Gingrich thinking to grieve hope to the moon when you live in scarcity you have to start rethinking
I am looking forward to it! See you all Thursday 3/22 in
It was a couple of musty ass girls at the club last nite...I think must was their natural body odor tho
Company helps #DBoys clean up their lifestyles. #TrapStarz Inc. is a company specializing in the success of your local
Want to find out when our next discount code for tickets is coming out? Then you'll have to follow @ them for encouragement.
I need to install a Pelican theme which doesn't have illegible code snippets. Any preferences?
Our Valero convenience stores here give away free coffee the mornings after the Spurs win in the playoffs.
Yhu woke yet
should have seen it. threw his guitar down and started crowd surfing. they were into it this morning
whoops! Didn't have the twitter handle at the time, but now I do: :)
Since when did become OK for companies to have you download a client, only to dl it again during the "installation?"
Many submit to despair and fail without realizing that they actually possess all the tools required to acquire great wealth.
"Great Community Partnerships" by Vincent Delgado, MSU focusing on roles, values, and where we are headed.
9) Ask yourself, “what am I pretending not to see?”. - Donald Trump’s rules of success. Rule #10 coming in 4 hours.
...I want my two dollars...
did you mean "damn you Aveda" ALSO for having discontinued the products we were using without filling those gaps? :)
Case looked awesome today. I was having flashbacks of watching such a great performance with a McCoy tearing it up.
Hey, lady, belated thanks for the birthday wishes from my new twitter account!
I am envious. Caganers for all, I should think, no? Feliz navidad!
It's better to die standing, than live on your knees.
Excellence comes about as a result of habit. Have a great day everyone!
Pulled hamstring. Need an Asian girl massage
AND Chelsea v Celtic at Yankee Stadium? Gotta get out there somehow
Iz rainin & I no wants to go outside.
We are cuddling and watching Indian in th cupboard :)
watching victorus that show is kewl but i want to watch spongebob
Omg mom stop talking about religion ugh!!!
aka Bryan Bartlett have fun!
Put your hand inside the puppet head.
I'd have a little fun with the overhead radio active scanners, too, if there's time...
happy Mother's day to all the moms in the world! I'm sending all my Heart for all the mom :)
Please dont play me.
Find people who are passionate about what you're talking about. They're the people who'll WANT to share your content
Is Charles Barkley high? What the hell
A big group hug to all of you who show up for therapy! You're the best part of our Tuesdays!
When my mind is at peace, I am receptive to the inspiration of the Christ within, and I find a way out of every difficulty.
Pats for me!
I can drop them off at your front desk for you today. I'll be running around all day.
No, you're not.
420 miles left on the road To Boise Idaho for Umconsious show w/DJ Cyn Tomorrow and sat night at the Bouquet
Dear Boston, We are going to crush you. Especially me and my gigantic self. With Love, the one and only Montreal Canadiens
Finally home for the weekend...sleeping in al weekend ;*
Are U willing to pay the price? ~ "I am willing to put myself through anything; temporary pain or discomfort means nothing to me as long as…
Implant clinics to face Dáil grilling
..chillin w the crew from BOSS (Brewers Of South Suburbia) meeting at
Love & prayers to #OKstate from this Sooner.
The Hurricane Hawks fly today at 4pm at Cheviot Hills. Will you be there? Ka-Kaw!!
Way earlier than that bro RT #Yankees fans: the worst, since 1996
-Did make your day better?? ..thats a rhetorical question too.
Vandy is going to destroy Wisconsin in the 2nd round.
well i'm done with my hw now its time for me to go to bed so good night :)
Actors make their dreams come true every day. It's great to see the jobs booked. I've been fortunate to help a lot lately. Congrats to all
lol... I haven't heard that song.. but it sounds interesting
Even in the dark ima shine bright
If the shot clock is under 14 seconds any foul will reset it to 14 seconds. If that makes sense.
thankyou anna. means a lot
not a ginger. i def have brown hair! i think you have the wrong jasonlancaster ;)
Off to the studio, then the aquarium.
I hope your dentist isn't on Twitter!
You hear about these reforms getting passed abd how the war is over but don't see no action
I'm in need of a timeout stat! Lol
I was trying to add the mailing address for a contact but there was no country field. Could you please add one :)
Today was a great day. We broke the record number of visits for one day on our website. Go Big Blue! We are Ky Cat Stats!
"Make yourself the expert on a subject," urges with some humor re: building your brand.
RT : If I cant play then can't nobody play... Lights out!
follow me
I can't stand Pedroiar. Ugh.
Thanks for the heads up.
Think I'm fina go eat sum cereal
Thanks for looking at our site! Let us know what you think
archers of loaf
Omg lmfao dirty work Wednesday was so hilarious today
So housework now trumps homework. Okay mom. School doesn't matter.
girl I was never going to Denton!!! Your crazy
Remember. It is Monday and you can get 50% off of any bottles of wine at Salute. Your pick!
congrats Chris Brown, best R&B Album
smh. what are people thinking these days. follow back Steve.
...which isn't to suggest that I'm some "awesome-aholic". It's just that I live in Bay View and "awesome" is a popular lifestyle there
Thanks for being awesome!
Animal Condo
I love the fact that I live life to the fullest everyday it's Crae
nah we left wit the other girls I was calling ya but ya ain't pick up I ain't go home untill 5
btw totally thanks for the faves
When you say alright, that means the phone conversation is over..
<U+27A5>Join the family! Followers who mention & recommend us get a 5% discount on legal fees. Retweet to your followers!
Nye parties: Big Bang Kodak complex - Playhouse Carnevale - Beverly Hills mansion. Text or call me for tix n tbl info.
Woohoo first day all year I can go to work at 630am in a skirt with no jacket! #hellospring!
Bitch stop trying to be fly bitch take off them glasses it's dark ass fuck we ain't outside BITCH. Fucking love this verse
Oh how much I've missed Skins.
a red herring without mustard
Just closed up my first bottle of scratch-made ginger ale. Will let you know in ~48 hours how it turns out. :) /cc
"Money, Power and Wall St" Part 2 on tonight from
Sweet, Happy National High Five Day to you too! #AirFive!
No problem
RT : Mitch been putting in work
If you find a girl who is willing to go through hell just to keep the relationship going, then you should never take her love for granted
what's trending on twitter?
Grl you better come on RT : Ion wanna go to Vee dinner wit my head looking like this :(
With the cost of everything increasing and the salaries of most decreasing or stagnant the #BuffetRule ensures accountability of the top
real ones or those painted blue & gold ones?
Um wow. My NIT tweet was in the pipe. Holy mustache.
RT: ": Loyalty is everything to me , without it....you have nothing" <agreed>
another boring sunday -.-
We are mediated as we meditate.
nit too slow on my end tonight. Can't keep up.. RT: Twitter is so slow lately it's like I have an 8088 processor again."
Love is louder than the pressure to be perfect.
. So disappointing. Some states taking us forward, others way back ...
I can't let go of that light skin thing.
but Klout got a nice piece of PR in Wired #brandchat - scare tactic interview about creative director not hired!
ok ima try ..
Happy Monday! If you're a Blumberg Facebook fan, you can get exclusive discounts. And enjoy National Napping Day!
Craving coconut #froyo from ! Yum!!
We all high.
That's big o:
that's absolutely ridiculous.
any % > 0 is just wrong.
Matt Kemp has NO REGARD FOR HUMAN LIFE. Just hit a ball that would have traveled from Houston to Alaska w/o a wall.
I hope we go back to the studio tomorrow, I wanna get this single finished.
I got her!!
Group Judging in hall C. Don't miss it.
get back on oovoo we need to talk
Yep. Gotta always go with the double bag when it comes to Beer or Wine. I've had it happened to me, too!
Heey everyone! I want your feedback, They say that character is going to cause trouble for someone in PLL, Who do you think it is?
My kitten.
Emergency Preparedness PSA: Keep your valuable paper things well protected. Had a minor waterfall in our closet just now.
It's actually They try to "humanize" Suri...but Ms. Deschanel isn't even human!
is wondering why Quilted Northern women need to come clean in their quest for toilet paper to act like a bidet.
OH WAIT IJUST REALIZED LMAO blonde moment BUT YES
now I'm feeling older,, thanks a lot
Champions League right now...
HEY FAM FOLLOW>>> BELIEVE IT OR NOT WE HAVE ALOT IN COMMON... ;-)
what nigga lol, what's the schedule for tmrw
Finally uploaded all of my wedding pictures. Ah, so nice!
i hope we do!! :D follow us cody? :)
Congratulations to South Sudan for becoming the newest nation of the world.
#Oscars move slowly anyway, why not let Kirk Douglas entertain during nerd nods? Dont worry bout old man b-room breaks, ads are long enough
Every truth has four corners: as a teacher I give you one corner, and it is for you to find the other three. —Confucius
hey there Niall! how was your day so far? i hope to meet you this summer!! you are my idol!
Get your head right and your body will follow. Anything is possible when you make the right changes!
I'm not mean I'm just telling the truth
Are you on Facebook
there r a very few, very rare exceptions- u being one of them. That's for sure ;) *high five* for th good guys! ;)
tomorrow.... SPRING BREAK MOFOS! ;)
I still love Erma Bombeck! I am what I am! Thank you, God for making me different!
GOODDAY AT WORK AND A BEAUTIFULDAY IN TACOMA GOING OUT FOR DRINKS WITH MY FRIENDS ,,,,,,,,,,SWEET
haha I miss you more - I'm gonna be sippin on a #ciroc in about 5 hrs from now - u should fly back and join :)
What thoughts are those, Ms. Dottie? *eyes flaring* Coming...up for air?
Time Marches On :)
Sex Music ;)
"lazy" is such a harsh negative word. Some of us would prefer calling it being convenient lol.
I was given three options from RefWorks support, one was to share one student's login and password. It's appalling.
so I get yhur tweets sent to my phone so the emoji are ?? Marks so i was like Wat is Alex saying!! lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
last Friday classes of sophomore year, the end is nigh
I'd like to see a #Caesar vs. #Honeybadger match. Caesar may know strategy but Honeybadger won't quit
My nigga took the ASVAB n finna be a soldier.. SALUTE
Family Fun Night at Coe Hall, Friday 6/24 6:00-8:30pm. Music, picnic, lawn games = fun for mom dad & kids. FREE admission
the truth is I miss lying in those arms of his, but I don't ever let it show; he don't know how hard it is to make it look so easy! <3
It's almost impossible that the puck didn't go in there.
I just realized Im exhausted. West coast trip + finals =/= sleep.
cincy winning the fashion contest so far. there unis are raw!
Nobody cares unless you're attractive or dying.
Working my way through the lectures still - need to push through a couple more this week. Really enjoying Objective C so far.
To me. summer is here <33
listen to u
on amazon I got it for 13.99 (the deluxe) ! They're selling it for $6 off !
Ha ha ha, too true!
The old people in front of us asked us if they would like the movie, and i told them they would LOVE IT, especially if they like hot guys...
Let see if Spain can win this time! Spain vs Honduras LIVE at 11:30, see great soccer and for a chance to win a trip to Spain, thnx IBERIA
we're excited too!
Well hi, I will try to say hi more nicely unless we have a real good issue to banter around.
suggest state elections enforcement be alerted. Wasn't Norwalk fined for irregularities previously?
how long does it take usually to approve a listing?
NEED INDUSTRY LEVEL BEATZ ??? INTERNATIONAL PRODUCTION WORK FOR THE LOW $$$
I don't hate Jessica Simpson for having a kid, I hate the people that make it a trending topic
that's amazing!
Playing with the new buffer app. I can't figure out how to get suggested tweets on it thought..?
Can't wait til opens on Paseo! Yummy! Family Time!
So now I turn to worldstar
google is my sister LOL
We hope you enjoyed the show! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
-- U said UNC is a rivalry.
Oh, but think of the possibilities. ;)
the dark lord now plays for the Yankees. For real guys, he looks like voldemort...
At dentist and not happy! In pain!
Last chance to catch us tonight ! After that you can catch us liquor store or stage773.com
I'm going to miss all my friends!
Did you see the original version or the English remake?
Saw so many naked people last night.
OMG MY DAD IS ANNOYING he is asking when the after party house party is. you aren't going
probably to see if she received the hush money :)
Bachin' it this weekend, having a quiet night watching football, grilled a steak.
has officially deleted her Twitter page...the fans went crazy on her for bullying Kesha. They ran her off Twitter.
Yay, a beautiful Friday evening to everyone. Thank you for your follows:
Be sure & watch on the Channel 2 News 'Ask A #Lawyer' segment this morning at 11:15am!
forever ignored by you......
Meek Mill go too hard on his new mixtape
is a sellout but thats still my nigga
Money~talks in signs~floating above us
A lot to look forward to
My natural hair is long, and I don't want bro cut it. I've seen naturals grow out in sew-ins, so I'm going to try it too.
I don't know I forgot :p
beard dandruff disaster
Hey morning anchor just mentioned you. Story coming up for you, better tune in... and be sitting down :(
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
Starting at 10: Come to web crit room to pick at 2-wk-old website + and
What? Beauty stores have WAY more variation though.
then I really don't know lol
ha! i guess you're right. always a bright side i suppose...
I have two trees in my front yard. Show me some rings.
So those who aren't librarians call themselves whatever they think of themselves as. Why not?
That would be a great idea !
Sharon Stone for Blonde?
Just came back from Beggars one of my favorites
A woman has to have something on or there's nothing to take off Notes of a Dirty Old Man
oh gotcha. That's why DirecTV is awesome, I get all the FS networks, that show regional games from all over the west
I have no words.
when you see a groundling performer and the only thing you can spit out is "your awesome!" and skip off
hey, check us out :)
Don't just stand there and watch your life happen, be assertive and take charge!
layups and dunks are his jumpshots!
love this, thanks Mitch!
Just woke up from a little nap bout to eat some Mexican food already want 2nds
I'm guessing was rebounding?
how am i nasty lol
"girl I be eating ramen with my Marc Jacobs bag" - hot mess Mariah
Thanks for following us J! Hope you enjoy the tunes!
I mean atleast make her attractive
no doubt. I thk its pretty safe to say the #Lakers and #Clippers should advance and both series in the west will be awesome
Does anyone play Words With Friends anymore?
RT All You Bitches Wit Mah Name In Yo Mouth… It Ain’t A Dick So Get It Out!
If YOU want your DREAMS to come TRUE..., don't OVER sleep!
Heroin is just a syringe filled with episodes of #gameofthrones right?
Celtic worship service at New Philadelphia church - Canton Repository Celtic worship service at New Philadelphia church Canton Repository
Because they r stuck in traffic! ": Obama strolls from Air Force One to Marine 1, no VIPs waiting at the base of the stairs"
My most mediocre, maybe?
The last thing I do before bed and the first thing I do when I wake up is check my phone."
I'm going to my homies house because he's coming back to Cali (: oh that's chill hahaha
is mayonaise an instrument?
Good luck on the SAT tomorrow , you guys will do great! You too when you finally take it!
Alright, who keeps lighting the cigs that are burning down Texas??? It's not funny anymore.
I'm coming for that BOS seat. Making real changes for the people's! unlike current BOS.
Use code Rogue5 for $5 off tix to both #MonkeyAdored at 3pm & #Bhutan at 7pm. Give your umbrella a rest and stay for both shows.
is desperate. Says his decision was long in coming? Then why didn't he say so at gop interview?
RIP all victims of war.
I'm starting my Gender & Biology chapter for the textbook. If you have any fav studies or books, I'd love it if you'd send 'em along!
You were given a Gift, share it with the world!
At Alexis's house:D tomorrow going to a sweet 16 party(: its gonna be awesome
i havent sang that in FOREVER ! good ol memories
on riv, if player A quotes player B's turn speech that includes the words 'I call' is it binding for Player A?
miss u too, must see u and the fam next time I'm in Duval.
Yes- very busy- lots of speaking, consulting and travel. Love what I do. Good to hear from you.
aw, I love you, ben! Cant wait for our next reunion - it will be GRAND!
looking forward to ur comprsn at #ivaa12. I use 4 pm tools on daily basis, incl Basecamp-I love Central Desktop above them all! ;)
I am #done with
Time for a little chill time. Long week ahead, studio, promotions, and meetings
Thanks for being interested you can call me at the NFLPA check the site for my contact info.
Happy Mother's Day to all the Twitter Moms!!!!
If you don't already know the answer, then I cannot give it to you.
BernCo Commissioner Michael Wiener responds to some tough #4OYS questions tonight at 10p.
"Our inability to see each other as "Americans" have undermined Democracy." Heather McGhee
thanks mate, appreciate the note
Wow! The LC performance of Cinderella was simply amazing! Congratulations to the entire cast and crew. I loved it!
that guys wants to give me the d.
good morning Liam , hope you & the boys have an awesome day I love you ( ;
Could have been one never knows! Glad it wasn't have a gr8 wknd!
Giddy up
Which gadgets are mandatory to survive #SXSW?
If they held a Razzies for functionally competent human brings, I would win every award.
I'm with you, - I can't hand over another penny to AT&T. I use my iPhone as an iPod Touch and carry a 2nd phone for Verizon.
Peyton Manning should be MVP this year. clearly the most valuable player.
I snoughed! (sneeze coughed)
Improve your gaming skills by getting all the relevant experience needed as a paid game tester
Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What do you see? by Bill Martin: If you keep your eyes open, you will see strange things--like a blue horse.
be original & stop fucking wasting people time. Make ur own beat. Ur beat cash in is just a remake of cashin out by cash out
Ditto! RT : Always good to see fellow #tweettarts - even for a quick chat!
Terminal Union + Sassy Molasses @ Stanleys, Weds 25, come get ya some! Sassy kicks it off @ 9:30!
I miss that age where I'd thought I'd have my shit together by this age.....
I won't take this sitting down, I've never taken this sitting down, & if trying to get back home is the death of me, honestly? Bring it on.
An e-mail:"Although it's only in ARC form, I wanted you to know that our librarians & patrons are already loving The Good Dream." Yay
Thanks for the RTs. Have a fabulous Friday!
yeahh mane, we be killin it! we should be famous for that! lolol got them high pitch notes goin on! <3
Just saw my Mexican food best friend oswoldow!(:
Interested in the RA internship? We have one more round in the spring. Email Rick Brown for more information
*You're still mean.
Been thinking how Scags would tell Gingrich of her life as a woman. Has he ever read Virginia Woolf?
thats true, we should check it out!
Hyde Park Jazz fest at the Oriental Institute today! 3:30-5:00. Free!
Even though today is friday, its gnna be a slooww day:/
followed, follow back please? :)
RT : Trav County judges needed - can you help out ? check link to become a Judge/Alternate Judge on Primary......
Glad to hear it!
Pleased to tweet that today marks my 3 year anniversary with
The guy Ian that plays Ezra in Pretty Little Liars is so friggen cute <3 can't wait for PLL to come back onn!
Daily Dose of Goodness: For once, take your horoscope seriously. Today, follow it to the letter.
what's the difference between SUING & SNITCHING? in the words of the late great Macho Man Randy Savage "Be A Man Hogan!"
We're at the MN Counties Vendor fair today and tomorrow, stop by booth 707 and say hi!
I would be down for one. How soon would you need the money?
Arrived at my #DJ gig. Loving life!
Lincoln park in chicago is filled with parents who had kids because it was fashionable. Kids don't like hanging out at pubs jackasses
for my soldiers who see the sun at midnight. Love you girl and thanks for the push..
"Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time." - Jim Rohn
Instagram marcyyyx8 follow me! I follow back! :)
Trying out Stash Earl Grey. Not bad at all. Delicious in fact.
My child's 10th grade world history teacher has them read aloud from the textbook in class #rukidding?
I'm missing something? Just started watching Avatar & after 5 minutes I want to break the TV. I think I hate all of it with all my being...
If I threw it at ya wld ya knw hw 2 catch it?
": Bitch shut up.. it was 2girls & a guy nite «~ mouth try orbit (gum)
Hey if u could please follow back<3 (:
from what I have read and heard, the mind. but IMO, his thoughts definitely relate to teaching in a diverse classroom
I seen one of those it was great. Thought it was just the one episode.
Son told me Stan the Man's wife died 2day- has autographed ball SM gave him when he helped put wife's wheelchair in car after church one Sun
Have a situation here Pipe broke under the slab Main shut off broke trying to shut it off. Happy weekend GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
I can't believe I woke up at 2pm today.
love y'all!
Prepping for my trip to the UK.....surprisingly organized....may even have time for a mani/pedi!
true dat- time to stock up on Night Train & Thunderbird ;) LOL
happy early birthday! :)
Taylor is putting on a real show for these doctors if they only knew the real Taylor lol
Tonight is football night! It's Miller Time Lol
Cool vendors at the Atlanta Rollergirls bout right now. Gangbusters, for example! Skating commences at 5 p.m.
We are only acquaintances because i know you view me as "temporary"
Of course we can never go to Chicago without getting lost
Today I seen the MOON set and the SUN rise.
Next up: "Designing for Awareness in the Attention Economy."
are you kidding....?
Anyone have a link to the complete Blunt Amendment vote breakdown?
I think her and daddy are goin out anyway
I've been meaning to fix that :)
It's not just that characters die, but _how_ they die (slut first etc) that has apparently been demanded by Gods.
Really? My 2nd grader is NOT reading them - though my 5th grader did (as did I)
please! maybe even a few regulars too.
I'm not saying there isn't a bubble, I just don't see it as dire as the 1st tech bubble, maybe I'm being overly optimistic.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. Buddha
In the little research I did on my iPhone I found feminist Catherine Macaulay or Germaine de Stael.
We've all read that same column a dozen times. All premised on connecting dots with speculation, not evidence.
Vape? I'm down
Serving an awesome dinner for our #homeless women, children, & families. Also passed out more sammies so our members can eat later!
#GoBucksGo ... ... #BeMilwaukee ... ... Wish I was there instead of in my "dental work haze" ... B-)
loads of computers. Not open mondays, 9 to 7 Tues and Thurs 9 - 5 wed Fri Sat usually plenty free every day.
Thx SO much 4 helping servicemembers and their families with airfare! Thx 2 u guys, I was able to fly home for a funeral!
Wish I could attend the Friday memorial for Caballo at Chautauqua in Boulder. I used to hike there with Pico & Pearl. Ideal for memories.
creepy: though makes me think of Jules Verne
Jenny Lind performed 6 recitals at Castle Clinton. The receipts totaled $87,054
Why do people use #Instagram and not take photos?
New nationally distributed mixtape coming soon featuring yours truly #BoonDockKingz dont worry! I wont let you miss this one.
The million dollar question... Rock or Cena?
Already missing my family <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
ronnie francis was the,man that year 2...
It's greatly appreciated! You should come to the on Monday--giving away free tix to
Headin your way tonight for some V-ball.
It's a Stars Wars thing that the nerds say every year.
/// Yo.....got a beat you might like to sing on.
Your just not worth fighting for anymore
Just signed up. It's on!
Thanks for the RT. Congrats to you for well-deserved recognition of your review of Meat Loaf's album!
LOL following me. I remember these from when I was growing up
eh, other than Greenhouse who cares. I'm not sweatin the loss of Wonder Bar
I thinks so! No one knows what talent is!
;-O RT : Listening to ThePhantom of the Opera soundtrack as I attempt to study for my midterm =singalong studying?
Just wait for the election RT : I may have made a mistake signing up for the do not call list. Can I change it? I'm lonely.
no1 is acting like "dude" has won something. Just "acting" like "dude" is 1 of da greatest ever. Whats da diff between the 2?
Lost geese heading south now? Where have they been? Where are they going?
I feel sick lol
I just hit a milestone 5k tweets earlier this week. i can be a foot soldier.
By chance I was at hypnos forum just today. Glad to see you promote
Thanks for the inclusion Anelisa! Keep up the amazing work everyone.
thank you! :)
Both the textbook and the academic timetable, lie at the root of a growing crisis in management education
": Cooley high! #classic" indeed
": I try and treat my mom like it's mothers' day every day! #DontWaitUntilSunday" Spoken like a true gentleman!
prob traffic from the white house correspondents dinner?
You made me giggle at my desk ... good work. :)
wow password
Happy mothers day.
I DONT REALLY DONT KNOW ABOUT THAT OTHER SIDE ALL I KNOW IS HUSLIN N ORDER VOL.1 ~ HOTTEST MIXTAPE CIRCLING THE STREETS GET AT METO GETYOURS
bitter much?
I use to want you and her, and her, and her
agreed! They really dropped the (green) shell on future versions of the game.
After last weekend, I've now seen 5 different Mozart operas performed live. 2 , 2 , 1 in Europe. Guess I'm a nerd.
i never do a personal invite sis!!! U just gotta find me!
My ideal spin-off show would feature Leslie Knope marrying Michael Scott. Neurosis overload.
I saw your doppelganger when I was at milwaukee for a tech conference monday-tuesday! So surprised I couldn't even tweet!
defense possibility lol
I'm still doing double takes every week at Nebraska's schedule...can't believe they're in The Big 10!
TODAY: & will be showing vs Ohio State!
Hi thanks for doing the Mixergy interview!
Don't forget your REUSABLE water bottle this weekend! You can refill for free at the Water Monster Aid Station!
i need to get back to the #victorasecret semi-annual sale. the deals are too good to pass up.
• word on the street ~ you recently received your graduate degree. T/F?
U CAN GET HIGH ASS HELL IN MY HOUSE AS LONG AS I HIT FIRST. NEXT FRIDAY FUNNY ASS HELL:-) :-) :-) :-)
Can't stand the amount of hatred in the world! Breaks my heart!
With my cousins. Getting higher than the empire! Oh & my fag sister :-)
oh yeah lol
yeah I like nearly.having my wrist snapped from a lipless crankbait or spinnerbait bite
I KNOW LIKE WHAT THE HECK IM LIKE UGHH lol i should just let him do it
PIC PLZ I CAN TELL SEXY I MEAN LOOK AT MADISON LOL
Happy Easter All! Hope everyone has a good one.
Thank you for the support!!
u should come visit!
Makes anxious to watch the gorgas and guidices argue.Watching with my hands covering my face, cringing, peeking through fingers.
We're moving. Today. Anyone have boxes they don't want? Shoot me an email or a DM if you're in the general Pasadena area and want to share.
let's make one thing clear. I am not a Pujols fan.
Whatever happened tothe Mandy Moore?
Your subconscious mind is a bright 9 year old and is running your dating life - yikes!
Strange urge to be in the middle of nowhere surrounded by nothing. A.k.a home. A.k.a Winnemucca.
Yikes: # of spots on major label releases for songwriters is 50% of what it was 10 years ago, per Jay Rosenthal
ha... Already!
what a tough loss today...still think we've got it though
i just improved my runs and build strength in my upper body. You can do it!
Man fuk i need some followers
check my last tweet.. Lol
Can #Siri tell us if we're going to win?!
Yeah I've already had a few issues. I see him for speech, language, and feeding 3x's a week SMH.
#WhyRelationshipsDontLast because they just aren't meant to be!
Testing out our new connection to our Facebook page
One week till the Woody's show!
bite lip and wink in his vlog..mhm(; >>>>>>
computers got a virus poop
If you want something, don't wish for it. Life is too short to wait. --Unknown
follow me austin (;
No, it was Don King you look like. Especially the hair.
An old man on the bus just inspired me to be a better man in everything I do... "Whatever u want in life,dnt think about it...JUST DO IT"
ugh what a fiasco in the last 2 min
wow, what a powerful story. "It started with a conversation..." Thanks for sharing
What you do now?
RIF Pittsburgh is now on Twitter! Hooray!
only judy can judge me
Best bakery, awesome pickles n killer knish. SD girl, always hit DZs on trips home. PS- Autofill prefers minivan to knish.
...to help people at all times...
mostly hangovers and ringing ears. thanks for asking
Oh yes! Thank you!
too kind ;) i love you!! you looked cute too, btw
thank you kenya
Bluford's Jermaine Elliott will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow. Congratulations!
Help me welcome the #UX Librarian for the (and my very excellent boss) Erin Mayhood () to Twitter!
Guess what? We've heard the mixed and mastered recording of our Rite of Swing show. Speechless.
One of our friends on FB wants to. I said what's the big rush.
whatever happened to you saying last night, "im going to the rose but not gonna drink" hahah
Happy birthday to my girl kesha...
thats sick man, thank you. When do you think you will release it?
I love when I'm 100% comfortable around a person, and I can act any way.
thanks for the follow
BOF: Historypin Tools with Jon Voss (find him at lunch!)
I might just dare to say that I love you.
i use it sparingly now, and mostly for deals/couponing. recently it got me a free split of wine at a hotel.
kinda (ok, completely) jealous. Are you studying out there or just traveling? Happy #StPattys!
Lmao RT : Hump Day is for people who don't get any... WATCH YOUR LEG!!!! Lol
The extremely rare nights when you don't have homework and don't know what to do with yourself.
This time next year I'll be so apathetic #senioryearwhereyouat?
Never take a day off, work around the clock my engineer gettin paid off
Tuesday is 'writing day' - good...and 'my back hurts day' - not so good!
She is my addiction... I try to leave her but she keeps calling me an I just can't resist her temptation...
I'm feel VicBieberous
We heard a rumor that Brite artist is going to be on tomorrow.
Great... SueAnn says that she hopes nothing breaks while I'm gone and hopes the the house is still standing also. I
Let's face it: It's because we don't have any. :(
about time someone figured that out
Thanks for helping to spread the word.
I LOVE #SAYSOMETHIN !!! IT WAS JUST SO AMAZING JUST LIKE YOU AND YOUR PERSONALITY=)
two days hoohaha
columbus couldn't grow a beard if he wanted to
They dropped the ball on Bird being a first-team selection over Coleman, but that's about it.
Urgh! Me too, please. RT : Dear pollen, leave me alone!
Thanks! Will check it out!
#CNN A California judge has ordered 2 Fullerton police officers to stand trial on all charges in the beating death of a homeless man.
#FanManagement. He got a personal and let a fan take manage his page :)
Mtv should do a show called "REAL LIFE: I'm An Asshole"
Yup. "Community engagement."
I cant even describe the people on my bus...
Was Tyshawn just on his phone during that whole post-game presser or just that upset? Please say it's the latter.
Marquette B-Ball at 6:15 this evening. We open at 5 w/ EVERYTHING 2-4-1 until 9. Perfect way to enjoy March Madness.
Don't miss #psbjexpo Wed Oct 26. It's the best biz expo in Seattle. Visit at booth 303,305 and meet our biz experts.
just tried calling you. if you have time, and I are heading to las cutaro milpas right now! come!
I'm sure if my mother knew that I was still up, she'd be pretty upset. Yeah I know I'm a rebel.
no power issues here (Gallows & Leesburg Pike). Hope it stays on for you!
yes! School first!!! LMK!!!
officially ends on Saturday
I've figured out the secret to dressing well: don't buy ugly clothes.
Thanking God always
Just got back in from playing lazertag with my daughters, man lazertag kicked my a**!
A gas station is a place where you sometimes fill the car, but more often drain the kids.'
as much as I love zq, he should have stayed dead. Sylar got tedious.
Thanks for following back! Interested in all things #wealth :-)
Never too old to drive cross country in a vintage #AlfaRomeo. We just live a 1000 miles apart now.
Hey fans we are interviewing today! Send us any questions you might have for them :)
hahaha this is cracking me up.
hahahahahahhae ok deal :P
Holy shit it's hot in Milwaukee!
I wish I got to choose what came on tv everyday.
what were you doing?!
art reflects culture
I needed a job to simply sustain my consumption
so as not to take one of 'em out of context
im glad im not drink. people watching is so much funner. especially the clowns im with. looking at you mike and carlos.
Thats white n yellow diamonds.
feetintwoworlds.org is looking for DREAMers to share their 2-3 min video stories for their websites. Send them to
Aquarium Basics- Sat, Oct1, 1-2 pm $5 - Don't miss this chance to learn the basics of aquarium set-up & care from the experts. Ages 18+
Its been good! Have you been working on anything interesting for your site?
any chance of getting windows connect for windows xp? I can't use my copy of Screens otherwise, I can't get the manual setup right:(
Thou preparest a table be4 me in the presence of mine enemies: thou #anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over. -God's above/face2face
for the shout-out neighbor!!! LOVED your pic on Facebook this morning!!
Happy Friday eve! Who's heading to Cinco De Mayo parties this weekend? If so, throw us a 'hola Pinata' tweet :)
congrats to Valena in our settlement department! she has just been accepted into grad school!
Girls basketball: signs with South Dakota School of Mines next season. The Hardrockers are a D-II school in Rapid City, SD.
They are always on the site. The NHL Picks article on homepage goes to the game info. Posted 2 hours before 1st game.
We have something in common - mother of two young men...thanks for following.
im not going to school i feel worse than last night...
what a crazy day!
is fine as hell yo!
RT : “The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you.” – B.B. King
Meeting time, going to watch a little film!
Awesome! Booked a major corporation grand opening in Orlando!
I watched #thebigwaste last night. Definitely plan to change the way I shop for produce now!
If recent past gives any hints to its future, it could get a lot worse than that. But true change/reform must start from within.
negative people piss me off. there's always someone who has it so much worse than you, stop complaining.
Congrats to Eric Garduno, Jamaal PIttman, Jessica Malenfant, and Kami Robers for booking the Sports Authority event this weekend!
Just finished authoring DVD for Main movie and 8 extras. 4.6 GB.
LMFAO are you a middle school girl RT : I don't talk shit, I state facts.
#Didyouknow in 1976 #Loyno's Community Action Program was organized?
does he have callisto too? i played with those things so much as a kid the wires poked out through the elbows.
Being a mother...Lawd lawd lawd...can't wait to go to church tomorrow lol
Look for hydrating Manhattan Beach today! Good luck to all the 6 Man tournament participants - and stay Naturally Powered!
As much as I say I hate her, it's still my mom.
Check out band G6 tonight and the Raydio Band tomorrow night at 7 pm!
Trying to get my hands on a RL olympic hat and they are no where to be found :( I hope they decide to release more!
Honestly just wtf.
It must be that your delicate and sensitive... Just a thought!
Join #ICA on Feb 13, 3PM @ St James Cathedral 65 E Huron, 4 Morton Gould’s piece Benny’s Gig 4 Clarinet & Double Bass a great musical gift
I shouldn't even be allowed to drive alone, my ADHD is so bad.
Defense? Shit, its nothing less than war. And no one but the government knows what the fuck it's for.
Have a wonderful progressive this week.
Dear North Korea, instead of making non-flying rockets, try growing food for your people (& ending oppression). Just a thought.
lol well i can bring some hotdogs and noodles lol
Status Update is not on today. Can't wait to see you!
Classic Fact: A match played every 17 days loses its fun. RT Fun Fact: A Clasico is no more than 17 days away at all times.
My British friend says Virgin or TMobile
Going dancin' at Joes in Burbank. First round's on me! :)
well. it was a long process...
YOLO and I'm spending my life great!!
Shoutout to my homeland..land of da trill..htown and home..and teach these suckaz and clones how its done
yo what's good y'all should leak that jay z traxx for losers
Jenna Gerard's the only lady for me ;3 can't wait till she's home
Sometimes you have to make the first move
At Brayton's house, about to run over to Chaple Glen for a swim
shared a good idea at #infocamp: provide a QR code link to descrptive information about a collection
then give me my clothes back homieee
ooh which one? I missed the boat on a bag I've been eyeing for months!
had to come through... what up
I had so much fun #prose&poles ...till next time
Never underestimate anyone.
Watch your actions, for they become habits. Watch your habits, for they become character.
All u wrestling fans out there - we will be showing #WWE #ExtremeRules tomorrow! RT this to get free admission and one free Coors Light!
DON'T TURN OUT THE LIGHTS! great song <3
yeah it's me real last name!
What, no Scott McGregor?
Waste money on a book that has no value or buy a book to gain control over you healthcare forever !!! www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php
Love your writing. #smashingaguitar at
Spotted @ Manhattan Cocktail Classic gala @ the NY Public Library: the bitchy blonde Real Housewife (NY?) with the sextape & gay husband.
DVD Powered Off due 2 Power Manager being in battery stretch. Won't Power back on. Went 2 yr help forum but no fix 4 T420s.
Thinking I can do all of the Christmas shopping tomorrow...
Ooh and now listening to John Santos play this cool rattle thing that crosses from one side to the other! So pretty!
This is one of those points where a game can be determined. If the Pacers just go on a small 4-6 point run they could end this.
Nobody can take away ur pain.. so dont let anyone take away ur happiness.
Well we condemn Pacquiao back.
enjoyed your class this evening, thanks for all the tips!
Yea he looking nice
Yeah, they are a novelty, tho, so needed after a night out in Austin. But you're right, tex-mex has nothing on SD-mex.
Uranium North Provides Updated Amer Lake Uranium Resource Calculation - MarketWatch (press release)
Hey What are you lovely ladies doing for NYE?
Teaching my last class at Penn is bitter-sweet. Im excited to focus on my dissertation, but melancholy to say goodbye to wonderful students.
what'd you think of the article? we'd love to get your thoughts.
that sounds delightful. I'm down!
is actually useful? Always wondered, never tried it
Seski in old hotel listening to Oregon150 friends talk to AMA people (if say AyEmAy fast Seski sound like Nell)
God Mooning America!!! Its time for you morning boost of "Xtamina Energy Drink", we will be in Charlotte, NC- Jacksonville, FL ...
Sorry dude! Wrong handle in my earlier tweet.
I did a lot of hatin on gaga for ripping off madonna on "born this way"..however she redeemed herself in "judas" 4 days till her show!!
Also, scientists often have "journalist regret" and look at me in interviews as though I'm out to uncover a good story, not there to listen.
At mall with the fammmm.
Good morning all!.. You have a great Tuesday!!!:-)
Seven graMs in thA bLunt, aLmost drowned in her pussy so I swam to her BUTT
Thank you, I love all the support! You're the best birthday twin ever!!!! xoxoxo
We loved rockin out with you bro!!! Lets do it again SOON!!!
Same reason pasting in plain text has recently broken? "Software sucks!"
Dang! is Finland's #1 adopted son! They give him so much love!
the best advice i have for presenting is know your topic inside & out, and be prepared for questions!
What's my age again?
What an inspiring way to start the week! Thank you for a great event,
Sweet! Just got my card
Still need him next 2 me
sure. c:
if u go to the strip club don't bring ya phone hahahaha
Does the Politico guy have a speech impediment?
It was great! We will be back RT : Thanks for visiting BARWEST!
hey cherry plum
RFT! He's too cool for us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>“: I've been following for the longest and he don't even follow me back, smh.”
": send me a number to get at u on" ok kool dm
hey whats up?
on definition of a startup = a temporary org designed to search for a repeatable and scalable biz model
A new mixtape song is coming out with a video! Be on the look out for that!!!!
I am a Budha Pig. I am Blodwyn.
What are you doiing for THC?
and i wish i knew you better so i could give you more useful words
Have awful lessons on a monday and tuesday!...
That's great. Thank you, Olivia!
Are Panizzi and Cutter and Ranganathan really relevant in today's information environment?
Watchin NFL draft online... lil suprised so far, cant wait for the new season to kick off!
I love me some Cam Newton, I need to find the ad haha
good to hear that we're connecting! Let me know if we can get together on more projects!
how so?
Gonna be real irked if I can't watch because #cwmadison is having technical difficulties
So ready for my night class to be over! Ugh, 9:30 can't get here soon enough.
Hola twitter amigos just wanted to see what's going on with the World!!;>
oh I defs will :) lol and I have to finish a stats group project sometime in the evening but I'll keep you updated!
Maria Acebal, CEO- write a letter w/ yr personal story of #foodallergies 2 yr senator about School Access 2 Emergency Epi Act
JUST MAKING SUM NEW BEATS D.I.R.G BEATS PRODUCER GREEN F.O.E A.D.S
smmfh he think he a G now....smmfh here I cum now
i know exactly how you feel :/
omg that's exactly my point! Wtf is her sister doing tweeting "hey guys its true she killed herself"?! That's just insane
Some things I just dnt get.... nd never will!
Dunk Contest is 1000% GARBAGE!!!!!!!!!!
so many homes so cheap, no rush cause it's not going up anytime soon :)
Yes. A Play On bracelet. When I reach 1000 followers the person who gives me the most shoutouts gets one.
im not scared just pretty grossed out
I would be tickled pink if Amazon lets shoppers pick up at their warehouses. Walk up and a robot hauls a fridge onto your pickup.
are you still building a case? Pretty sure there is enough evidence to go to trial at this point
Shout out to my boy Chef ( clap,clap) Dynamite...support is mutual keep rising, Mind Up!!!
healthy at the start of next season i would make that bet w/o doubt but im realistic about my team
apparently he also did Drop Dead Fred. Mind was blown. Haha.
Thousand foot krutch.
when you have a great anniversary with your girlfriend >
My kids love School House Rock (circa 1979) & they're learning math and science. We need more cartoons like this on TV today.
Gary Hoffman's LIVE webinar re: college financial aid how-to www.therealcostofcollege.com 2/17/11
late night coffe! keeping me up!
shaq. At his peak (albeit with the lakers) he was more dominant than dwight has ever been. Plus he was in kazam
#wcphilly Tricks of the trade: use a/b testing to see what post formats bring in more money.
my whole life
MORE: the fire was contained to 51st floor of 55 story high-rise. Fire is out.
did you still have youtube , i just want use to keep in touch .
lol I keep forgetting to disable that
Drinking wine from a soda can... God I love #It'sAlwaysSunny
I'm ready for a drink or 15 after this no good very bad week
Rumor has it Facebook Timeline for businesses is launching this week...keep an eye out!
Presidential Heating Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Can't believe Colton is off American Idol... Just about done with this show because of it...
Sorry, had my appt, then coulnt find you.
my boo! I love u more.
I'd like to see at least one field goal from
me too!!!! hey if i apply at sqaure cow you should also!!!
You know, when you live tweet delicious meals at your tavern, you just make everyone jealous, right? ;)
Windows XP activation call center was very obviously celebrating Kali Puja. Certain I've never been put on mute more times in one call.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! :)
Fucking love you.
I had a great day - videotaping leaders in CA schools talking about the BTSA teacher induction program - mentors helping new teachers thrive
I'm the pocket sized Domo!!!!
did u drink to much maybe?
Also is totally stuck in my head And has been since yesterday
That was nice.
CONGRATS! on the 2012 Best Places to Work in Vermont ranking.
#ff RT Whenever Rush Limbaugh gets lowered onto his wife, I hope she remembers what he said about contraception.
My mom suggested that I should go to school late tomorrow because "I look like hell". Sounds good to me
So excited... Lil Wayne is coming here in Honolulu, Hawaii for tour concert at Blaisdell Arena close to my work place..
Watching Deadwood in earnest.
: Haters don't really hate One Direction. In fact, they hate themselves because our boys are a reflection of what they wish to be
haha you'll be fine!!! Just stay off the course, stop drinking, lock yourself in your room, and you'll get it done
That officiating was a joke. Outrageous.
thanks for the RT's! Have a great weekend!
I wanna put nutella on nicks #Nickyballz <U+E105>
Have fun, but be careful.
Tony is on the way boss
Good Morning..Make it a great day everyone!!
"I think he needs to go through a more extensive hiring process next time." -- me to Li'l D on Mickey's crew of Goofy and Donald
My job tonight is to make an espresso martini.
Isn't the difference that one involves booze and the other only the future thought of a drink?
Morning run >.
if he was really rich, he'd drive an aston martin
I hate square dancing!!!!
His Spanish cousins yelling abuse at him #Torres #Chelsea gold
OH YEA, OH YEA, OH YEA!! Lol... U gonna chime in one of these days too!! STOP FIGHTING IT, lolol
Figgins assuming he wins a job
#nowplaying light of the world - alan parsons
Kroger is closer
RT - Miami Dolphins waived OT Tyler Donahue.
No, you didnt get 28582972 likes on you're picture cuhs your pretty, you got it cus your boobs were hanging out.
You're joking right? RT Playing around with HTML is strangely relaxing...
Penn State needed to make a splash. Munckak, Golden, Chris Peterson, or Greg Schiano
Tossing around terms like IFB, screener, rundown, pre-roll, slate, & lit satellites in prep for
American • Obama Sees Steep Dropoff in Cash From Major Donors ...
Are you in need of a #vacation right now?
Yes!!!! Balotelli is going to be great for the Azzurri in the EURO's this summer!!
Lets go Celtics
The bad thing about you is your face.
Dear God me and have seriously lost it this time. Seeing who can take the ugliest picture....
Got my new phone yay
Android Developer seeking a great opportunity #Android #Job contact me
do you like pudding. heheh(;
I love you
when are you coming to florida? I got people to buy all the rage btw (: i'm such a huge fan!
#FearTheDeer YoungBuck outshines the big 3..with the help of some solid Bucks D
haha. My bad
These girls who just came in are pretty hot but the guys with them are total douchebags. Typical Friday night in Philly
what does he even have to talk to them about?!?
Slowly dosing off..
hm fruit, fruit, bran muffins, fruit, or bran muffins?
Hi Marc. Welcome...
Dreaming recharges the mind
You are all set - reminders are coming out soon - we hope :)
Damn, you beat me to it. Although under my advice they'd probably all end up looking like poorly-conceived narcs.
ha ha I've never experienced that portion of class... I must be attending the wrong ones!
yoooooo what up doe
Happy halloween!! Trick or treating with buds today :)
Missed lunch cause I had to turn my waiver in.
Summer Deals are in the works for Mr.Bill's!!! Get ready!!!
The #'s are Devastating: 1 out of every 54 boys are diagnosed with Autism Join us in the fight against Autism.
#Staycation w/ Mama Flamenca. Decompressing before the storm ;)
Mitt "Say/Do Whatever It Takes" Romney is addressing the NRA today!!
dude! Soo we really need to hangout. I miss meh bestfrand :/ but I'm excited about the concert with you and Brittney (:
Whew! Laundry is done, dude!
Fml she is here
new joint "the chills" is super dope! first release off our mixtape. drops sometime next week! ha
It's a beautiful day for a burger!
next time.... But we all need to go on a road trip and record it
It's a St. Pats Day miracle! My mom is on twitter!!!
Dark chocolate is full of nutritious elements, and im not saying that cuz I'm eating some now LOL
i made it my favorite
Does any one else like Dubstep?
thank you for following back
I cant wait until Cinco De Breezy ;D.
"I love books because you can be good at reading...you can win in the 100 book challenge!" Rowen Elementary 3rd grader
Vision of African American memphians & White memphians enjoying the theatre together. Bandele wants to blur the racial divide.
- sorry I missed seeing you at the event yesterday!
sick of this whole school routine already
20 bottles of wines by the glass, 20% off for happy hour. 9-11pm
Yeah! can't wait to do this!
holaaaaa (: tell your mom I said happy mothers day
There's a thin line between innocent & whore, actually it's a string, a g-string.
Prego e Buon Natale. This is what Sharon & I do for Christmas each year. Enjoy:)
good night!! <3
Mizzou is doing remarkably well with five players on the floor who weren't good enough to be recruited by Kansas.
No luck with Farragut we've arrived at Franklin square on the corner of I and 13th come test out our new spring menu, we know you'll Love it
Ej phair cumbre del diablo rounds out the evening. Very crisp with a nice hop bite
Nice! RT Amazing to see the explosion of awesome #p2p #collcons platforms & services - check out the list at: bit.ly/qpPPxZ
oh sorry love):
I'm dissapointed u should of had that fight
Re: Job Creation, I think there's plenty of work to do given that there are ONE HUNDRED SEVENTY FIVE MILLION ORPHANS IN THE WORLD!
it looks bomb!
Alex Desoto if you look in uspa or WABDL those are the federations we pull in
I foresee a grasshopper infestation at your home soon
Nope! . Funny how you live in a super expensive house and I live in a crap shack and your power goes out all the time.
Starting a Miami Interactive Marketing group that teaches how we do the things we do so well... look out world, details will come soon.
it's every Sunday! Maybe next :)
Yes, please & thank you! Send them to my blog post for today!
just got off work. Bout to hit the weights with Dubb!
If you graduate this year | Text 8042459688 w/ name & school !!!
As of 2day 999 Overwhelmed CDs sold/given out. Prayed blessings on all who've rec'vd 1. Only 1 left so, let the next 1 begin?
Salsa in Kansas City is at the Monaco tonight in Martini Corner! Dancing starts at 9.
LET'S GO #CELTICS <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
#Christmas #money Make extra cash for the holidays! Furchangeamerica.com
So frikkin perfect.
“: #Leo's will remain loyal but once crossed deep down it's not likely that they will trust you again.”
There is a timelessness4 retirerment inyrs 4 work 4ever 4others be and artist of 24/7 awareness.As but now Spring , single to mate a new be
In the Burgh smokin Cali RT : Off day in the Burgh.... Cool
YES!!! In ya face Pittsburgh! Play dirty and pay the price.
Ion think nobody fckin wit me wen it come to mskin koolayd
well yes, that would make about anyone's day lol
lol its some true shit he is a scam
I just have to say,"I'd love to see some1 try [new tech]"and 1 overachiever jumps on it
also checked out your cumbia spot, freaking D.F. dancing machines twirling and whirling like unbounded trompos!
If "iTV" becomes a reality will we see a serious movement towards a Direct-to-iTunes distribution model for TV and Film?
Tommorow ain't promised, live like it ya last day
My Hair Is A Full Mess But Idc <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
" Dear Facebook, I heard Twitter's replacing you. Hellyea, karma's a b*tch! Sincerely, MySpace."
:pls say more about what you see as the future of enhanced e-books.
loved it, bought it now can we buy #yesterday ??! Absolutely gorgeous version of one of my all time favorites
I didn't take any but my friends did so when they post them you can see
Good luck tomorrow! Show that he should make a guest appearance on the best Tri Podcast.
So sad to hear the one of the greatest voices in music is no more....
Thank you for the RT's!
Tacoma police say couple held hostage for 3 hours in overnight home invasion. Man attacked when he tried to escape. More coming...
i would love to say i believe you, but based on your facebook lately I beg to differ.
wow man, that is intense
since using TC2000, trading has improved. lots more to learn. was time for me to make that step. THX 4 ur suggestions!
Tea beckons us to enjoy quality time with friends and loved ones, and especially to rediscover the art of relaxed conversation. ~D. Johnson
I need more ties.
is at the Catalog Use and Usability Studies session
Damn that's cool, a little munk. He's gonna be one striking creative little dude.
you can also use the timed release. I'll show ya.
Is there going to be a tweet up?
I can't wait!
That interview w/ G. Zimmerman's dad was some rehearsed bs he got from his son....
hey will try my best to get there (I told other wikians to check it out too) - if not see you in portland :)
For instance, 'Give me an example in the past when you've anticipated a problem and how you handled it.'
Can't wait for Wednesday...;)
So honored to play with special guests on Fri and on Saturday!
I so sorry señor. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
oh and Dan, did you guys get my email?! Hahahaha
IT'S OFFICIAL! Lady Gaga WILL be at the National Equality March. October 10 & 11.
RT : “We don’t stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing” - George Bernard Shaw
LMAO IM DYING LAUGHING at this convo!
Great! Thanks so much.
It's Saturday... Is the Internet down yet?
Just finished teaching part one of my two part Sign Language for Librarians workshop! What a great group of librarians!
YOYO when do I get to hear some tunes.
Follow my peep! She rocks!
nice blog post. I'm doing research papers now. I love being right there as they take notes rather than lecturing on note taking.
I am now the proud owner of 2 Coachella wknd 2 tickets! So stoked! Now, who's coming with me? :)
is so drunk
Question of the Day: How does one live forever?
I hope it all gets better :}
lol well it may be better but now I'm hungry for something good hahaha like Tacos!! Ok yay glad u got it, was messing up earlier
I hope to finally meet you and your fam tomorrow !:)
happy #WW my friend - formerly tweeting from Better Wine Guide - I hope all is well with you!
. - #NOLAFoodSwap isn't our baby. They are hosted at I suggest tweeting them!
I told my daughter she could pop 12 bottle's of milk for her 1st Birthday today..
at home in Waukesha
Lol RT : If I win the lottery tonight, I'm going to fill my car all the way up with gas.
Sam Still Loves Freddie (KEEP TRENDING!)
Great. Thanks
Yup. It's attempted, but it never ends well. Non-Existent.
Holiday vacation has never been this boring.
When will there be a hearing on HR 2885? #EVerify would open jobs held by illegal aliens 2 millions of unemployed Americans
If Dallas was more bike friendly I'd reconsider my primary mode of transportation in a heartbeat.
awesome. Thanks and best of luck with it!
he taking long man
I hope that CJ Watson shot was tipped. That thing wasn't even close
white guy huh?
yeahman, I'm Blessed bro, u?
You mean "fags"
Drakes album <3
U2 concert tickets for Foxborough, Tampa, Vancouver, Landover, Atlanta, East Rutherford, Pasadena, Chicago go on sale tomorrow.
": Thanks for your support! It was fun hanging out with you!" Thank u Edie! It was great meeting u!
Reading #worstfeelingever, a trending topic, today. I realize this stuff is garden-variety Twitter fodder, but I still marvel at it.
I came out to a job at 11am for an hour or so today... Now Im hoping I didn't disturb anyone...
Remember when we used to stay up till 4 in the morning talking? Yeah, I kinda miss that...
The thing where all the right songs are playing at all the right times.
this birthday girl song goes fffeeeddd
Thanks for the wonderful malbec blend and the cheese plate
The crash has caused some small spot fires on the runway and are currently being put out.
BITCH I'M RIGHT HERE !!
hahah. We'll see, but I got OKC anyway.
hey everyone. How are you all? I'm good!
Lurking the shit out of this convo on my timeline
just a thought. whos still for "stop kony 2012"
can't wait for the cubs/cardinals game tonight
#notkidding leave or i will punch you in the throat
haha so how ya ben ??
what if she followed me? :o <3
Great group of indivuals!!
WAS INDY FOR A MIN HIS 1ST MIXTAPE NO TRAP ZONE 2005 I STILL GOT IT HE PASS IT OUT FOR FREE
#halftime wanted to see a wardrobe malfunction though
Love Rendezvous? Spread the love, recommend us to your friends!!
Movie Review: The Raven Crows With Brooding Intrigue, but Is Ultimately a Bore Review in a Hurry: Nevermore? Try never mind. The Raven
I think you've got a second career choice! Good job.
hi niall,i wonder why i cant direct message you. Do u have any idea why? ;D
Breaking Dawn: amazing. iHop service.. horrible! Great night :)
Invitations are done :) party is going to be A.M.A.Z.I.N.G!!!! if you get invited you better come cuz it will be the best party ever!
Ellis with a clutch three
Fast and Marginally Annoyed
David Collins theorizes the category of the "post-anything beer." I feel this concept is worthy of more in-depth study.
I've given it some thought...and if asked, I would be the first family's pet.
Please get back ASAP. We need you out there.
I believe everybody should get prosperous and famous and do all that they ever desired so they could notice that it is not the answer.
they put on a good show last night I might add!!
I'd like to send you guys a couple of if that's ok? I can also send the new Horns & Rhythm-Retro Hymns CD. Jeff
My step sitter and nephews are here so much fun
Hey! Do you need someone to help you with a paid search campaign? If so, I can help with that! :) Let me know!
re: fashion.. and probs buy more shit
YAY! Congrats! Right behind you...RT HEY TWITTER I FINISHED MY UNDERGRADUATE CAREER LIKE TWENTY SECONDS AGO
Thank you for standing up and doing the right thing.
Thanks and thanks for sharing!
it is a shame, any compliment to a girl is taken as "thirst" these days...I didn't realize there was something wrong with being nice
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. ~ William James
Yet another set of #kettlebells r on their way.2 me from Speed sets w/ 18kgs shortly!
Thanks Pirates- Down to 9 now!
well I love me some art
Is anybody else watching 'Justified'? I need to discuss season 2 with someone!
well what kind of phone do you have? Blackberry what?
DSL TENNIS FINALS - Chicago Tribune
Im so bored. I wish Jimi didnt have work. # NoLife
Just not when trying to lose the initial weight.
It's the weekend, but for small business owners when does the week end?
Just woke up <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
“: Happy people are always looking to help others. Unhappy people are always asking "what's in it for me?"”
I'm just going to apologize first, get it over with. THE GYMKATAFATHER. Part 2 is better, though.
For #facebook, use large photos with caption of 14 words or less. Ditch large blocks of text.
Happy Pancake Day! Looks like cakes 'n' beer for dinner tonight...
Come on down on Saturday and say hi. We'd love to see what you have to say, human mic-ed of course.
No birthday.. But I get cake!
...maybe I should shave to.
Eating lunch with friends at #MTSUCampus <3
Thanks Shannon, it's always exciting to see where your words can travel
Thanks for the mentions Have a great week!
I miss you guys too! Ended up going to San Diego, currently helping with funeral stuff, but nice to be at home!
I try :D
Did you just call Portland "Portlandia"!?!? FUCK YOU, GOD.
tweetadder is downloaded from web to Mac or PC... Yes, it's twitter manament software
I want to text you soo bad, but I'm afraid you don't want to.
busy is good and happy about is even better! I've been busy with my paintings :)
So they had a whole weed bust in darby today..smh.
You bet! Thanks for the great tips/content.
I will vote NO for any bill that limits the rights of NC. Let’s return prosperity to NC!
#1thingiwant4christmas - My Family
it hasn't changed, he is working to make us happy (:
: Yup. Anger is like a holding a piece of paper. Sometimes you just have to let go
Leake is fooling NO ONE.
great seeing you on Tuesday!
“I assume we’re angered by use of military successes for political campaigns because none of us were alive in 2008 or 2004"
needs to rethink her digital life
Ugh I always get nightmares lol.
Ha! With a good portion of the bill going to 1-900-Call-Toto :)
OMG i was thinking the same thing lol
I miss Jet Jet! :o
If you don't let it out, you're going to let it eat you away.
Thanks for the RT
Everything is beautiful! Where are you sitting, by the way? :)
Great. Woke up and got sick.
Just got out of work. Is it me or is there a sudden over-abundance of dead cats being left on the road!
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others. -Winston Churchill
Followed. x
Shout out to and much appreciated! Make sure you guys check them out :)
Childish Gambino at the New Daisy tonight! Death Cab For Cutie at Mud Island tonight! Make sure you're at one of them!
Looking for comfort food tonight? Come to for our homemade mac&cheese, grown-up grilled cheese & cream-topped bread pudding!
Follow me as I am a potential Qatifi true blue hoya ! HOYA! SAXA!
Electric cars need portable battery packs. You'd go to gas station & trade empty one for charged one. Or you can charge it in your apt.
You guys were awkward
Don't want to go to school :/
Dear fans, You can't skip Match Play and be player of the month. The world's best were in Tucson not Pebble.
let me know when u get the info I wld love to be apart of that too
right now I have 3 roomies, & I'm only living with one of them again next year :) what are you gonna be doing??
RT IF YOU LIVE IN SAN ANTONIO LIKE ME!! :D lol
This rain is ridiculous...
don't forget, it's namaste, bitches!
Outta this world. Total recall.
I see entered the Top 10 on Gospel Songs chart! Congrats man! Still remember the first recording in '05
best business ideas
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways treat his girl like a queen :)
Why is it whenever jc goes offline im always on. And then when i leave he comes on. Does he like read my mind. Or. Hdkgleihdisp. Fucks sake.
Glad to see the wizards win
Psa 34:14 Depart from evil and do good; seek peace and pursue it.
Not sure how I'm functioning right now. Sleep, my best friend, is nowhere to be friggin found.
Have a safe trip & we'll see you soon!
The RAMS were out training with SEAL Team again this morning, learning a lot about ourselves and the team. Season days away!!!!
Gotta crazy craving for a cool treat! cran apple cider gelato after work!
Beyond Spaghettini with Mushrooms Day, Wednesday is Free Pool Day (well, 7-9/Boomies anyway) & Karaoke Days, er, Nights at Coney & Ironwood.
Day 2 of #monsterwriting the #chapterfromhell: a coffee IV might be more efficient.
I've always wanted to be able to yoodel! I MUST learn how!!! Haha
The good news for today is that Mario Williams is visiting buffalo and I got 2.5 million in temple run.
Omq i really wanna be in matts music video i email and i would the happiest person in the world if i qet to be in it<3:* :D
I told you.
reality tv eliminations can't be harsh, they're not real
Big bro gets to hangout with friends while I'm home alone cos my mum said I couldn't have friends over:(
There is always something left to love. And if you ain't learned that, you ain't learned nothing. - Lorraine Hansberry
It was nice meeting you as well! Hope to see you at the next event.
Can't wait to read Steven Tyler's new book! If you've read it, tweet me your thoughts! ;)
cool lmk when you done I will like to hear it :)
of course. I listen to them all. I wouldn't know I was in America if I didn't go to bed totally confused each night. : )
: Super HOT Earrings!
wonderful news I always knew you where a great actor and would do good things once your life got back in order good luck!
They brought Tupac back as a hologram...
Uh just witness an older man poop in the streets of NYC. Fantastic.
soak up the sun baby !!
I got you!
Baking scones high >
Coffee really helps me.
#WebGreekTip - Make meetings more efficient, send out polls & let your members vote from anywhere, anytime!
yo u mad cool! i wished u lived in new york so we can hang out cause my birthday is april 10 and im doing something special
It's a venti latte day.
Wrong day to wear open toed shoes. Had to run through the hail and wade through the puddles!
NCL has exclusive Military Appreciation Rates on select sailings! Call our experts today at 800-803-7245!
ya im going to get one. Just not sure about them yet
Please post session ideas! I'm out of sessions to tweet about. :( So what problems/challenges do you want to tackle?
she is coming to Summer Jam....FYI.
And colton Dixon is on jay Leno also!:)
“: Being the first to clap in an audience & then everybody joins you & thinking "Yeah, you are all my b^tches."”
hey doll face! Baby Jesus misses you!
Beating at air hockey>>
The Truth just hit a three from the North End!!!
good luck tonight fam
RT : is home from the hospital and is expected to have three weeks off to recover.
Leaving in an hour and a half! Yay!!
: "Our training staff is the best I've ever had" - chatting on
That's funny! Thanks for the forecast! We'll have fun and enjoy this weather for you!
Great to see the team (& office) today. The energy is palpable! cc
Hope you are here!
I still got feelings for you
This is really great Mandy! Doc
Guys who r built like me should not wear #Affliction shirts! It's not cool! Stop shopping at the
I'm reading "Back of Beyond" by C.J. Box this weekend.
ugh!! working two full time jobs right now and I am exhausted...and it's only day two! somebody get some sleep for me please...
carlgrending thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Aww, oh stop it you! :3 ( wish i could put that picture of that stick figure with the big head blushin) Lol love you<333
I actually felt a twinge of disappointment when I stepped outside a little before 6 and realized the temp plummeted to 64 degrees.
love this one! RT : “If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.”—George S. Patton
why dude?
Clarification: Swann was mayor of Baltimore before the war and elected Governor of Maryland in 1864
Did J.R. Smith just make a shot?
its princess to u !!
Yes! Mr. Ray is giving us an opportunity to improve the school. He is giving us his commercial building. HOPE DHS gives us a break.
I can't ever just sit next to someone..like some part of my body has to be touching theirs..lol
Happy returns to ya then!
could be his final match at the bridge
thank you !!
Great time at great conference!
I love Ur BLS (: can u tweet me too, when u post a new chapter ?
Because u do FAB work! RT : Facebook people are liking my page from all over the world. That just amazes me
don't tempt me... but yeah, probably
Is there a cookie supplier here? Anywhere?
I keep thinking about my goals and how I'm going to get there..who am I going to get there with?
wow - that's awesome, thanks for the heads up
Y I thot goin to an fc party was a good idea is beyond me
Overheard at check-in for The EuroConnect #3: "Do I have to show my passport to get in?"
will do. Thanks again for the shout out :)
Couldn't agree more!
A lot of bow ties at #140cuse...makes me miss
oh okay and its okay
you were amazing tonight in NJ :* i love you so much. *fearless*
I listen to that song all day everyday
Shout out the team
Its so hard to celebrate when im 1/5 Giants fan at this bar Hahahahaha
Not me, man. I went with schnitzel. Doesn't sound Irish, but the place was filled with FDNY guys so it counts.
strange that Tiger spoke about the swirling winds, while others remarked about the very calm conditions
I went to two places to get a book that i want... they were BOTH CLOSED! PISSED OFF
Always behave like a duck--keep calm and unruffled on the surface but paddle like the devil underneath - Jacob Braude
If you love Mermaids then check this out...a brand new fantasy NaLee2010.com the beginning of a trilogy!!!
Just got back from school!!! :)
It's also my grandpa's birthday tomorrow and then the DreamFest at school. >_<
hahah don't worry about irrelvent bitches! because ur the star and they are punks who got their asses whooped!
Watched Scandal online! Love the new abc show.
Baby, you the mud on my tires. That was how this dude just ended his vows. Some peoples children.
I am wondering how to increase my followers
yo, i need your address !!
Your not all seriously home watching the oscars are you? South street punks & hardcore are calling you!! Come support Boston's DEAD FRIENDS!
It's true, you find yourself drifting right just to rebel against all the extremo pinko wackos!
Love the new keek(:
Alright. Heres the deal, if you are a girl, do not call me babe baby etc or baby talk me. I'll just look at you like youre an idiot
Deadskins fans make me laugh RG3 major bust for sure. Cowboys phenomenal pick lookout!!!
November to January was hell, we were really going days without sleeping. We worked our ass's off.
Thank you! ;-D
Follow me on instagram!!!!
now you're all older and in college <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> *happy tears* lol (x
Ehh.. okay, I
Just found out I didn't get a single problem on my math mid term correct
Of course! (:
trying to fix the coloring on my twitter profile!
i love that you came back to Port Charles. What's next for anna?
What trailer? RT : saw an interesting trailer on email, how do i get reminded when it shows on the big screen?
i love u guys so much please follow me i love you forest
I wish you would notice how it is
Cant wait for people to just grow the fuck up!
All please keep following, things will start getting a lot more interesting that's for sure.
Thanks for the mentions - late:
hey man, where was that shot you guys got of us. I wanna promote you guys but cant find it on the deja site
thanks!! i will be watching
Happy Ides of March.
Legal document server in Sacramento, CA 916-509-0677
when i almost brake my neck in soccer and all you care about is if were still going to finish the game
I'm so official all I need is a whistle <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
RT Tick tock, you're running out of time!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :D
Thanks to everyone who came out to Tamale Thursday yesterday. We’d love you hear what your favorite menu item was!
Every Wednesday we post an interview with an Austin Lawyer
“: Being Called A Fucker > I like it for some reason lol”horny ass
TY I'm excited about #SoSlam too!
Happy St Patrick's Day!!! May you enjoy all things green! You know...lettuce, grass, kale, moss, recycling, thumb, etc.
When they matter most.
happy for all of this. I just want the Bullets to remember who's job is what lol
GRE prep class in the AM...and so the fun of applying to grad school begins. Feels like just yesterday I took the SAT.
I HAD COFFEE FOR LUNCH!!!
RT : I love the smell of growth in the morning. It's a good day to be a part of . Anyone else want in?
The artist is not a different kind of person, but every person is a different kind of artist. ~Eric Gil~
RT "Everyone knows a good teacher when they see one. They make the impossible seem possible."
sorry about that incoherent toss. We zigged, then zagged and then apparently zigged again. Sigh.
perhaps u should help him fix it rather than tweet it to everyone
no really though who said that hahaha
That awkward moment when one of your regular customers is at another caribou with you drinking coffee next to you.
Hallmark in Noblesville off of 37 has buy any item get half off the 2nd!
Where's mine?": M subway for dinner! :-D"
I'm blaming Mca's death on lmfao
tastes great and doesn't fill! That means I must fill spaces in the cellar that don't exist. Yet I will ...
Thanks for the follow!
I eat once a day..thats bad??.
m i prefer chocolate cake which one do u prefer...
I trust you enough not to have to touch ur phone Lol
RT : God as political consultant: At least four of the Republicans running for president say God told them to run......
Hello Leo
What day is the FightClub discussion meet up?
WHERE U AT NO NECK?
We did get a bit of it I think. But it was just like very heavy rain fall & a bit of wind. Nothing like what you went through
True. No one really knew them here. I developed a crush on the one with the fake Jamaican accent so...I know. ;)
Glad you are enjoying the #MastersPOV! We are so happy to have you!
I'm tired in the day, but have trouble falling asleep at night. Are there any natural remedies for that? I have no illnesses.
From a Facebook fan: "I'd hold hands with this cheeseburger." Muahaha!
- Tempting. Very tempting. May be in touch!
I will:) and no cause you still have my hat too lol
....and for all confused followers, this was all aired during a Jazz Journalists Association panel discussion this morning at
"Be A Shield" Please donate to those in need.
This the worst day of my life!!!!!!!!!
Good morning! I'm starting off to a great day :) I'm here at the gym.
#Descendants a fine work, but extremely muted. Payne seems afraid of any hint of shtick or melodrama. Good cutting-room-floor film, I bet.
I'll see you soon babe!
I know you will rock the house! Have fun.
It's Friday! Yaaas! Currently doing my TGIF Happy Dance <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I really hope the ying yang twins and sisqo announce their seed stage fund at the event
6:41am & I still ain't sleep im not gonna lie & say im working...I just can't sleep!
I swear this record is catchin fire... Radio, clubs, and the streets...
far too much salt on my eggs. good thing i freaking love salt on my eggs.
Real Madrid. Last year I cheered you on from a bar in Spain now I am locked away in an office daydreaming about it
Unfortunately for #ows, Justice is often blind like a well-dressed bat...
The lawyers have returned from a lengthy back room conference with Judge Mark Wolf. #DiMasi trial set to resume.
Luvs me some cold play can't wait. Til they come to DC
Off to my first baseball game of the season, to bad it's a Giants game. But I guess for one night I can root for the bums.
lol they went to go get Tyrone to say" Dominos we Close" LMAOOOO!
More thanks!! RT People whose tweets I always enjoy:
What an empowering day this have been. Ladies Tiffany worked hard and it paid off. Great job and I am so glad to have been apart of it.
Sounds like a win:win for both of our needs
Know somebody that's works at papa johns. Winning
Good morning ACC! Happy Monday! Remember to get to school on time!
Ugh, my stomach hurts... :(
Thinking about reaching from within...
; who ever i didn't follow back, I'll flow y'all back tomorrow, my eyes kinda low so I can't tell if you ugly or not.
Well, how was the accompanist for you? Haha.
cheers for the RT :) Go Sox!
Don’t torture yourself- Life will do it for you-download free- InSpotter app
RT : A4. We have the ability to transform ourselves into a new perception just by changing our behavior.
is one sly girl haha
hey, your words with friends game is full. I can't start another game with you.
lol I am not ...dnt b liein on twitter
Ten years ago, Miller never tried to take his man off the dribble. He was a low post then. Now wants to be Dirk. But it works.
In my mind, I'm always the best. If I walk out on the court & I think the next person is better, I've already lost. -Venus Williams
Which was your favorite game today Chad?
I guess Lensar contract allows him to have Jimmy Johns on his attire?
No one does anything from a single motive | Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Sorry to miss you at the club yesterday. Give me a shout when you're up again.
where?when did i say that?i think its virus people sends me that too and when i click it it won't work....its nothing
how to explain. I always find myself explaining things to you and everything is usually taken out of context
you are actually the best!!!
Oh noo!!!! Please get healthy!!
damn did u wash yo ass today
At the #CAU pageant, students don't still the napkins from the table, they will put a hold on your account.
I'm finishing it.
sounds like a plan! It was magical this morning.
that may make meeting him awkward but um yeah if you're sharing haha
Revenge? Nah, i'm too lazy. I'm gonna sit here and let karma fu*k you up.
I'm the craziest person on earth! (; And I prob do.. If it weren't for my 'coffee limitations', I'd probably drink up to 8 cups!
A Bad Ass core workout always makes me feel great. What makes you feel great?
Despite all the bad fucking reffing my giants came out on top all playoffs that's why we're in the Super Bowl fucking haters
Pastor, haven't seen you since Disneyland. Lol I pray all is well with you and yours
Here's the address...9812 Falls Road Potomac, MD 20854. See you there!
Sex ain't better than love? Who lied to Trey Songz? Lol
"21 days till your vacation"-#wdw yeah I know with and :)
this is so true. i think about it so hard and how sweet and extreme i could take it then realize i'd prob mess up in the process
Peanuts can be used to make dynamite! Peanut oil can be processed into Nitro-glycerine, which is an ingredient of dynamite
I was looking for that song !!!! It's my favorite song !!! But I could never find out the name !!! And , AW!
go back to being a medicore program and stop being better than 90 percent of teams that come to kohl center
Regarding phantom sequel- to exploit $ from the legions of middle-aged, undersexed cat-ladies obsessed with the original.
Lovely day in Nashville! We are pumped to play at Jenis E. Nashville 5-7pm, then Hard Rock Cafe 10pm! (Plus some fun in between!)
Like you guys never panic when your arm gets stuck in a shirt sleeve.
going out? We are watching a nice film by Sir David Lean. LEARNING!
It was the first confirmation that the Afflecks should leave acting to Casey and directing to Ben
Despite the media hype around the game, if the #Saints beat the #49ers, isnt that considered an upset since the Saints are seeded lower??
NIGGAS CLOWN"D OUT!
Sometimes your greatest asset is simply your ability to stay with it longer than anyone else." Brian Tracy
YOU WANT SMOOCHES....I WANT SMOOCHES!?xoxox
NH man accused of lying about his wife cancer. Turns out she's fine. Employer gave him thousands.
Are you working for Facebook?
At the Owls Nest in Sunriver, cougars are in full effect.....
Seaside flooded. 101 South closed.
Thx!!! RT : I'm glad to hear about this mission and documentary.
This is why OKC isn't title ready yet. Westbrook can shoot you in and out of games
Hi Eugene!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Wednesday Fish Fry and 1 Free Topping on a 14" Pizza
Just woke up from my nap. Watching the sixers making spaghetti
splitting the difference b/w '77 and '79 to bring you the best of 1978, tune into rainydawg.org 11 am to 1 pm PST!!
Just when I think I'm no longer naive, I find out I am still naive. My neighborhood was CRAZY last night.
Omg its almost "Dress Time"
Happy New Years to not only the best city in the world but some of the best people in the world!!!! Love and miss you New York!!
good luck!
the crowd tonight in Grand Rapids is ready to tear it up
#Abita purple haze
From : "They don’t gave to win three games, they only have to win one game three times"
I like woman
oh lawd. I drank Starbucks yday morning. :( worst decision right there. Haven't had it in months.
What did you dance to for your first dance at your wedding? Ideas for other brides?
Isn't that what man does. White supremacists use the bible to justify their beliefs. The bible was used to justify slavery. (cont)
I missed it too. This is week 2.
Your packaging did post today. Let me know when it arrives. Kevin
tell me about it. I'm almost done here. Then I'm gonna grub.
Hulk smash
I don't imagine that TD Ameritrade is thrilled about this either.
I wonder how bad paint fumes really are. I'm starting to less smart!
Thanks for coming out to hear us!
how many things do we need for englishh?
Had to educate some people on the difference between "falling trees," & "tree felling."
Bon iver who..............money makes things happen in this biz
Hell Week is neearrr
Who could resist the chance to say that? I also repeat to him all cheesy anti-LSU jokes that mom emails me.
Who the hell vacuums at 11:15 at night!?!? <<<<<<
your very welcome beautiful
It's National Walking Day! Physical inactivity doubles the risk of #HeartDisease! Find 30 minutes during the day to get out and walk, #SA!
Had another nice dinner with wife at Crazy Water, NY Strip was best steak I've had in a while. Just what we needed, it was a tough week.
Just found out Nevada is a "threatened" state for an optometric surgery bill in 2012. News to me, and the leg isnt even in session.
At least Woodward & Bernstein got Felt to go on background. You won't even name the teams your sources are on.
SOO Wassup with black girls and this "Weeve" thing? Ladies it's time for
RT if you'll support forever,always and till the end <3
When a Milwaukee County truck is clocked way over the limit, a routine Speedbusters assignment turns into a hunt. Tonight at 10, TMJ4
#watchtheawk officially started... let the magic begin... mood lighting please.
I'm emailing you now. Thank you
Red Co Getting Back On Our Game.
same here Vin!! it was supposed to be snow on the ground! but no, lol(:
"a byte of prevention is worth 5MB of cure"
A New Generation Runs for Congress: Jesse Kelly (R), AZ Special Election - Big Hollywood
Today's Relationships: You can touch each other, but not each others phones.
Everything you say is 100% true!
i just had Pizza but not from Pizza Hunt cause the Pizza Hunt here ran out of business.
depressed. sheeesh. This game is not pretty at all...
you got yourself a deal.
Thinking about #benchmarks for #library training and how different models exist that create the same outcome: knowledge. More soon
Didn't even unpack when I got home tonight from #asecs12. Just sat down in front of the TV and watched The Bodyguard. I'm cool like that.
Specials tonight at Sports are $4 Jack and Absolut. Have a great weekend !
Ok what do you do about bad reviews/crisis management on different networks
wonderful! I'm so glad to hear it & ya, I am too, thank you ;)
#NowPlaying next to you
Just looking through a bunch of pictures of Elvis Presley. <333
I like the one-shoulder party dress. Classy and sexy! cc:
"Be Great and Dominate!" RT "Today is a great day to __________"
Thanks for RT !!
Still creeped out by the fourth kind... Add aliens to my list of fears
I Totally Love Adorn By Miguel
Hey! What state do you live in? You look fun to hang out with so I was just wondering. Bye the way my name is Jillian, I am 11. (: <U+2764>
he enjoys his stodgy demeanor too much. He loves himself just the way he is.
Ran the steps at the Hollywood Bowl this morning, and now I'm heading to Grauman's to see DARK SHADOWS.
#knicks shumpert seriously travels every time he drives. Carries more than
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X7
thnks for the follow! Promote? Diggin the bio real girl!
My booking office is my bed. That way when I curl into the fetal position from sending too many emails I am comfortable.
Its been real
Get the fuck out of here, 21 dollars for headphone? Nigga please
We were thrilled to have a group of high school students from #Tejas at last Friday's show! First time they'd seen theater in Spanish.
About to cook Sunday dinner!!! :-)
Thanks, Martha!
look into downloading a torrent client like bitlord to download torrents. that's the best way to download/collect music.
Im not a clown
I can't ;~; I went to SM Town NYC but I wanna see EXO ;~;
It's funny how freedom can make us feel contained.
Haven't seen snow in about seven years --- I don't miss the cold! Enjoy!
We want to see your photos and hear about what you see this weekend! Tweet us with the hashtag #IngenuityFest!
WITH DERBY IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER ITS THE PERFECT TIME TO GET THAT FRESH FIT
Banging my head against The wall doesnt take away The uneasy sadnes.. Haha only gives me a major headache. Lolz jk people... Eh
Can't wait to read Kim's tweets!
Who Drinks Coffee? Checkout www.Serenigy.com/mdupree Great Coffee!!!!
IM NOT TRYING TO FIGHT, IM TRYING TO DESTROY
Time change...blech.
You are never really playing an opponent. You are playing yourself, your own highest standards, and when you reach your limits, that is real
I'm having the same problem. Let me know if you get an answer. I'll do the same for you.
I generally believe more information is better. :)
Black and yellow go so good together
wow. I dont know how to respond to that. Thanks for the info. On our way soon.
Just watched a 8 year old slaughterhouse a grown man in a dance battle.
School finance debate starts. Rep. Lois Court notes school funding "still in a deep hole."
Been driving, haven't had a chance to say #LetsGoRangers F'yeah !!
Can't say I've been this unexcited about Opening Day since 2004, but "Ya Gotta Believe". Let's go !
SOX: Dustin Pedroia goes opposite field for two-run double, giving the #RedSox a 4-1 lead with nobody out in B2.
And the weather has screwed us again.
he won the entire title.
thank you for following!
nice. Send some this way. We need it!
Use Condoms!!
where can I get mix tape at! Come on stop hating this dudes real
haha but other than dying before graduating how have you been?
Welcome! Be sure to check out while you're here. Awesome movie experience.
Hope it works out for Russell Wilson in Seattle, one of the nicest guys I've ever had the pleasure of covering on any level
wow...Good lookin out:)
Man, it's over for everybody if this Wrecking Machine gets good at Jiu-jitsu! So many fighters would duck this guy!
I'll send the paper your way! I would love your feedback!
What do you consider as your favorite venue in Austin to hear great music?
Take some time to remember why it's good to be alive.
We were all going" He's really praying" wow!
i HATE hearing moneymakers say "oh, i make SO much that sometimes i look at my saving accountt just to laugh about it". ?!*&$
Would suck to be on those treadmills facing that wall. The downtown Y is where it's at!
Iowa's out of the question for Uthoff unless he stretches out his appeal, correct?
I want Wing Stop. :c
Haha!! Love it. Countin' down the days my dear friend!!!
I don't want you but I need you <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
I guess we'll let get away with that Harvard jersey (just for the game).. He is a New Yorker 1st
And now I have to participate in a "coaching call" in order to not receive a surcharge on my health insurance?
Quick poll, - what do you think will be the biggest #cloud challenge in 2012?
If I remember it correctly it was mistakenly for Easter. For his not-Jewish girlfriend. Because, you know, Easter=eggs.
Coach sacked after punching sarcastic player
BUSINESS ROUND-UP: April 2012 | Maui Now
Every time I think I've reached adulthood, I find myself Googling something like "How often should I wash my bedsheets?"
RT : If my eyes ain't see it then my mouth won't say shit about it....
I never tried Zoya but I heard saavy reviews on it...would luv 2 score a free bottle 2 try it!
#NELLUMINATI. THE NEW TALK OF THE TOWN!!!!
What topic(s) are you considering for your talk at EdCamp Columbus 2012?
Does anyone have any good blogs they read regularly? I like #theY #camping #socialmedia and
OUT. Muscled the doors open. I was in between 2 levels. Then the FD had2 hold both doors open 4me to scoot out. Guess the sirens were 4me.
Having a photo shoot tonight at The Bosco HQ. Free food+drink. You're all invited!
The word apple comes from the Latin word meaning apple.
#relationshipsendbecause people grow apart and stop communicating
"Maybe God cares about who we are becoming more than about what we are specifically doing." That is life-changing, right there....
Need poker supplies?? Come visit our ONE STOP Poker SHOP @ www.eproducts4less.biz
": When a woman gets pregnant, isn't it safe to say that the man who caused it, is ALSO pregnant?"-- I would say it is!
that's not the only ridiculous stuff he says.
The most in-demand #CbusJob is Computer Systems Analyst with Web Developer coming in at
Yes! U are absolutely right on with that! His timing is perfect.. Patience is maturity in our character too..
i miss you too babe! <3
you really should get out more ;)
thanks For Follow Back
Thank you for the Jersey shore twist of the prodigal son story.
Most people don't drive six hours for a happy hour. We are not most people. Deep Ellum tonight at 5.
LOL~ I was showing some clients how to schedule tweets on Hootsuite. Jumped the gun a little didn't I? :)
true this year went by in like .2 seconds & i am in no way, shape, or form ready to say goodbye to my seniors! I love them so much! <3
Sorry I had to use the F-word with you.
Everybody needs to vote Portal 2 for the #VGA game of the year award
Hey I'm excited to hear you will be coming. I'm sorry to hear your husband will be deployed, but I will be praying for you both!
#glee in #chicago? um yes please! I can finally meet Cory Monteith and be his Rachel ; ) hahaha
Happy Birthday to our General Manager, Tami!!! Go have fun girl!!!
Thinking the same damn thing RT : Secret weapon. RT : I'm not sure why Popovich is staying away from Kawhi Leonard.
Fired up 'bout
This year's first batch of Octoberfest Lager has just begun fermentation and will be ready for your enjoyment soon!
MONDAY NIGHT LIVE! MNL! MONDAY NIGHT LIVE! MNL! MONDAY NIGHT LIVE! MNL! + Free Parking after 7. See you soon!
No magic pudding, just a few meagre crumbs - Sydney Morning Herald
not a trader I just play for both teams ;-)
“: Welcome to the game Danny Granger!!!! Nice to see you!!”
a ton of 80s bands didn't get the hint.....
RT : if you need other beats, let us know.98.5 is playing artist now that we did the bear for AWREADY!
I wish Twitter had a scroll to top button like #Pinterest does.
After a week on Anna Maria Island, it's good to be home!
lol. Thanks :) “: you're a momma too so happy furry mothers day to you!!”
if we get tickets to see #Glee live, my life will be complete
This weekend was great! Getting my new phone after school tomorrow. Texting Michael. <3 Goodnight :)
Shes with her #BooThang :-)": But why don't I see though?"
Hailey Baldwin is gorgeous.
A new wok represents the beginning of countless culinary possibilities. The ritual of seasoning initiates the wok's culinary life. The Canto
if all of these marriage bill meetings and speeches don't start off with "mawwage, is what bwings us togever today" then i don't even know
I as just trying to bring back an oldie. LOL
At the studio with in Burbank
Can't wait for the kca
Grope. Trip. Lunge.
lemme hear what you got
aah that sounds so sad. :-(
Cobra zl limited
So I got to speak with Valley Dude Customer Service. Don't tell me how you know money is tight and other bull lines, just fix it.
Summer is coming, have your kids t shirts ready!
General Washington has announced to his Boston area army that the Northern army has taken the city of Montreal, Canada.
It’s not what you KNOW, it’s how you THINK that will make you successful.
Follow she's perfect <3
Fuck english, don't need A-Levels to be in a band
Twitter says I should follow you. Why?Because you spell your name with a "Y"? GIVE ME A REASON!! #ilikedyouonthetonightshow!
how can this be?
“: The anorexia rate in men has increased by 16% since last year.” My manorexia becomes a statistic. I hate being so petite! Haha
Just tapped #Franconia winter wheat and #Shiner holiday cheer!!
I love My Name Is Earl so much.
Sapong will score soon
Congrat ! Displaced houstonian in new mexico wishing i was there to celebrate w/all my #texans friends
That's how i'm feeling right now RT : Sleepy but don't want to go.. Really bored tho..
True true!
Let's make it so! What's your fav sushi place?
Madonna? Super Bowl? Weak, what Prince wasn't available?
JUDGMENT AT NUREMBERG -- opening Saturday, March 12th. 7:30pm. Santa Monica Playhouse.
#NP Tressa Thomas Thyck Glow" Music from and Ft. Coming up! Morning Show!
Yeah! Whenever u want.
I wish I had boobs.
Number 1 rule in the streets,Show no luv..Love will get u killed..
The teaser trailer for my feature film Paperthin is out. Check it out on my facebook!
we need some freh legs.
baby is sleeping, hubby is at work, and i am editing away
Super excited for #UTBlackademics tonight! I'll try my best to live tweet the event and I'll be blogging on it tomorrow.
"Dwell not on the past. Use it to illustrate a point, then leave it behind.
well, it's perfect!!!
Sleek by 50 are maybe out on April 11
I missed you & your drunk tweets
#GreatestSongIntrosEver Ice Ice Baby- Vanilla Ice
Very chilly day here! How was your visit to Baltimore?
follow the cause
DJ Cooper is why I had Ohio over Michigan and why #Ohio will end up the Sweet Sixteen. Unbelievable player, give it up for the little man.
Don't think there is anything planned for tomorrow. Feel free to stop by for a #captainscoffee around 9:30am if you like.
Thanks man. RT : Good piece by my man about the racist tweets by some bitter bruins fans...
People are stupid.
What would it take for you to move yourself from the back burner to the front?
and congrats on the wins!
sounds good to me;))
Strangely compelling! RT : I want one of these in my mouth - Newest Super Bowl treat: chicken wing cupcakes...
Even the Lakers fans acknowledged that was a fantastic dunk.
"Just a little loving' early in the morning, beats a cup of coffee, each and everyday" as sung by the brilliant
Happy Thanksgiving Bison.
This is exactly what my brain thought. RT ew. fergie.
Oh, very cool: curtain talker is welcoming visiting actors from the Belfrey Theatre.
Kinda feeling sick...to my stomach
Awesome turnout tonight #MKE! Delicious food from at & a sweet set from at tonight!
Last day of work for me this week!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Dad making early Thxgvg dinner with such classics as stove top stuffing & canned jellied cranberry - just b/c he can.
honestly people had to bring him up while i was having a good time...
Happy Birthday! Cappy loves you!!!!!
Today I will find out if I made the talent show!!!(: I pray I did!
Good meetings, ideas, and weather
1982 does have some powerhouse films. The Thing is one of my all time favorites.
you account logout
fight on little pony, fight on! ;*
Best #Ink needs on the show
Why is it after a full moon there are SO MANY changes?!
Hey Hey!
working has caused me to have no social life.
I dont wanna wait for my lunch to get colder cause its ham and cheese ha ha ha ham and cheese.
out of all the bad names my brother can call me, he decides to call me a guido -__- umm okay?
thanks for the follow! :)
Life is a trip!
Feeling so fragile. Worst. Ever.
Today's going, too be GREAATTT. <3 But not, better than yesterday . c:
just saw this! Sometimes I wonder what goes through our writers' brains. Genius, but they should have their heads checked.
I hate waiting :-(
Oddly depressing Facebook status update: "Why won't anyone buy my old textbooks?"
Catfish is a very uncomfortable movie. That's the best word I can think of.
you're amazing<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>thanks for today
Im starving! I havent eaten much today haha im too lazy
To say the truth I hate promises
Carlos to the moon! RT :
RT : Excited for NASCAR weekend. Going to the race tomorrow with to root for my cuz handles his tires
First time running since track ended, and I ran 5 miles.
Flights and hotel confirmed for the Taiwan Bicycle dealers show in March. Here we go again.
I heard about this pizza place in Murray you should try.
Huge Game ... I might even get thrown out early to rally the troops.
If your ugly don't play hard to get, your already hard to want! Lmao!
It's hard to stay focused on the forest when so many trees get in the way.....
twitter doesnt care
imagine that! although maybe not every time haha. :)
I'm watching ole girl over on pump four, what you doing with all that rump hoe?
replay .. Metta caught him solid with the elbow. no flop there.
I wanna go and let's take &
Ready for him to come out now!!!!!
": i'm gonna be so sore tomorrow ugh" that's what she said
Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme. Don't think I can go, though. I have to work that day. Bummer.
you do what needs to be done.
"Simple enough" to write a Set<.> generic, too, but Set<.> is in core and Pair<.,.> isn't. Why not?
thanks for the RT! :)
she's playing on that Monday so I'll prob have to take off work
I am actually black from the waist forward
No more Palin!! Watching Today with Viggle Wed | 7AM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
thanks allison!!! when's our next date?! haha
Very successful beginning knitting class today. It might be warmer than usual, but still fun to knit!
name names
Congrats to Studio 24/7 actor Eric Davis who booked a commercial!!
You'll always be baby <3 =)
i need sleep.....i thought you meant chinook like the salmon... and was like he must be drunk
Jordan Zimmerman walks up to Citizen Cope Bullet and a Target
back ON TAP: Opa's Cider. Still cider aged in cognac barrels for 8 months. ONLY at B&L. So good.
Free milk!
Can't make #techATstate today, but Twitter (as always) is keeping me up to speed. Thanks, Internets!
aww thanks for the shoutout..ill give you one too:D
planning a client open house event...
Officially ordered my very own set of and the first expansion! It only cost me $35 and the remainder of my soul.
It would be cool if somehow a volcano spewed something besides lava for once....like YooHoo or maybe a shrimp salad...
have fun princess
My wife suggests taking a shot every time one of these idiots says "blessed", "Jesus", or "The Lord".
Not lookin forward to school, oh well im gonna make the best of it
....!!!happy v-day everyone i luvvvv u guyz and my undercover fans
sure John, love your content.
I may have to kill myself if I have to mix another country song about alcohol with a "rowdy bar gang vocal" at the last chorus.
might as well drop out if your in it.. No chance for Mr no days off
oops! Now I've labeled you as a ring girl. Fighter first!! That convo was so funny that I couldn't pass it up.
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 13
glad you like it:)
I appreciate the effort.
I hate when women jump to conclusions
Leave Cory Provus alone...he is great and I want him to stay in Milwaukee
Off to teach - Truly a joy for me!
i just ran in my brothers room like screaming because im so excited.....im freaking out omg
my roommate used the last of my coffee this morning. either he pays my rent next month or i kill him cold blooded.
Hmm right around the corner. This sounds like a good research project for tonight.
#2ThingsIAppreciate Money & Weed
HA! The facial expression is the best!
Good to see you here!
That's not what I meant when I said the thing about letting Greinke finish games, earlier.
Vip going in now
And now we o and ah over this beautifully constructed clamshell box.
Trying to remember the last time I paid complete attention to a commercial that did not have a talking baby trading stocks. Shankapotomus
Them boys bout to score again
At the risk of sounding like a 13 year old girl : OMG if Friday doesn't get here ill just die
SJP forever my Queen!!
Check your e-mail
ain't he shit. Why does he continue to shoot!!!!!
Getting Married? Live in New Mexico? Book us today....www.awpnm.com
im sorry betsy!! when i can i will follow you and give you a shout out! i promise!!
how exciting!! Want to hear your plans!
"You had me at meat tornado"
Thought for the Day: "You must have long term goals to keep you from being frustrated short term failures." - Charles C. Noble
funniest show I seen in awhile good shit man
I tell that to all my dates
#thatawkwardmoment when ya realize you've never been sexually attracted to guys yet you enjoy getting a little touchy feely in bed ._.
no YOU are
Good things happen when you meet strangers.Yo-Yo Ma
yahoo is still a thing?
I wont judge. (: &' I love him too. See, you will meet him someday(: <3
Thanks Trent
Gonna have party at cedar point with tomorrow :)
Yep. (: So, when do you go back to school?
From 1927 to 1941, the Yankees won all 8 of the World Series in which they played.
God it's gorgeous outside...finally!
Cool beans. Thanks. Saw it earlier then wanted to show it to my son but it was private. Go RSL!!!
Didn't wanna get up but I’m sitting here with a cup of java watching the early morning sunshine creep across the lawn with smile on my face!
Looking like Mojito Bar for the HEAT GAME tonight!!!
Wherever we look upon this earth, the opportunities take shape within the problems.
I love the phrase high falutin'!
The okc thunder remind me of the 05-06 sabres. At least this team wont get blown apart by bad management
I belong to this crazy group of people that go by the name of : D I R E C T I O N E R S <U+2665> RT if you're a directioner.
TMSC type of day today :) <3 :D
I like to eat... So my man needs to be the same way
hahaha well that's good for sure!! Lol
IRONY: Foo Fighters make statement about music not being about computers. Foo Fighters perform mashup with Deadmau5 30 minutes later.
Time to pretend.
Don't judge my choices if you don't know my reasons.
Going to see Darcy James Argue's Secret Society band play a preview tonight of new material at SUNY Purchase. Should be a blast. Join us.
wait. They're allowed???
no problem hun I told you what I thought the first time you gave me the CD at the airport...lol
La'kee gave me 2 bucks for my nutella sandwich haha ;b
Broadway I was in the porch you went to the Brazilian store :x
atta boy, love the democrat.
Kind of hoping they misspell a name.
Im at status tonite burning the stage down!! #cablegang follow us loyalty records
I've been an extra for a few TV shows' episodes and for 'Mamma Mia!' - The Musical! But nothing big :)
These JROTC kids << why did i join this class???
How to Play Euchre for Advanced Players : How & When to Pass a Biddable Hand in Euchre
you can watch Daniel Orton on ESPN at 8
I may be the only previous John Mayer die-hard fan that is not excited for his new CD. I just can't do country.
": Joy arises from within you, pleasure from outside of you" As always, so true.
I am inside of a building and my heart is beating so fast. This game does NOTHING for my blood pressure!
Freshman Taylor Smith won 3rd place for best editorial cartoon in Missouri Press Foundation’s Annual Better Newspaper Contest! Very cool!
I love you so much please follow me you rock!!!!
But I still love your tweet. :-)
“: Karone Law will be attending in the fall”>>>GO GREEN!
Why should I settle for anything less than I deserve
I wish I understood Spanish. #KTFF Channel 12
Cool & listening to music !!
Checking out the awesome marketplace today. Glad to see my ol' KY home is well represented!
I posted it! Hope ya like it (I think I did terrible cause I'm tired) lolol
U.Va. great and three-time National Player of the Year Ralph Sampson just named to National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame.
Can't move, won't move
Thanks for following my twitter Kim.
Happy New Year!
follow back?:), it'd be great to be able to keep intouch, you really inspired me!:)
A5. Good Old Reuben sandwich - Q5 #Foodiechats via What is your #AllTime favorite kind of
Rumors in Philadelphia of Benedict Arnold taking the city of Quebec have been dismissed as untrue.
RT : RT : The only thing these block days do for me, is give me false hope that the weekend is almost here. ...
#2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>20
Follow me,Is Awsome related to Watch Gossip Girl Online
hi , will i see a #mosplaceforsteaks twitter soon?!
Nelson Mandela Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things
Seems to be an increase in military air traffic ... did I miss a memo?
I had no idea people were this cruel over a loss. Praying for peace for you and your family.
Exec Chef Doug Brown & Chef de Cuisine r mixin up sum AWESOME new dishes: Tagine Lamb Meatball Lollipops & House Smk Salmon Deviled Eggs!
Sorry I missed the webinar today! Emergency came up. Will there be a replay?
I just want to make sure you're sure before u unload them
Make sure you step on a hipster on your way in the building.
Just a random question.. Do I have any #Chicago followers #21+ that follows #ChiefKeef?
So I gave a homeless guy a dollar he says fuck you im not poor I have 45 dollars you ass hole smh and I just walked away lol
..shake it off big homie
FACEBOOK WONT WORK!!! CAN YOU DM ME??
neither, both piss me off because winning just means memorizing a bunch of bogus words
so bored.. Somebody txt me ! :D
Should I stay hme or should I stay home.
is better than your Mom! Dancing with the stars has nada on !
it certainly is strong stuff, particularly for that sort of application. Glad to hear you're feeling better!
but seriously matt how old are you turning.
She's like a more masculine Guy Fieri.
Sis say she getting wasted tonight!! hahahaha I wanna see this shit!
I don't need no "David Fitzgerald".telling me his opinion. Everybody has one.
Good luck to he baby brother today. Wish I could be there man.
Change your thoughts and you change your world
Waking up to no late start<<<
Hopefully im the girl for him
: ) embarassing. Did search before sharing...not direct from yr site. You are on TOP of things clearly. Loved concept...
what's up chica?
has classy swagg (;
I hope #Cubs fans aren't freaking out about losing out on Prince Fielder. Wasn't worth the long-term investment that he was looking for.
That's easy. 36 stone and twelve.
Sorry to hear about your ordeal! We're glad you enjoyed the Superfood.
I dig the iced coffee refills..hate the wifi.
Im going threw life wonderin where its taking me enjoyin wit my killas
Does that mean you like sticking needs in people?
#kidsaredown time to watch
Plan B needs to be in full effect at some point this week...
I spend more time in my head then in the real world.
I hit it from the back, I make her touch herr toes
Being on twitter is definitely not how I'm going to be productive right now. But it's so fun
Went to Subway for lunch today with then came on twitter to see #SubwayFan trending.. Guess I am one!
Been reading the starblazer adventures #rpg book. Pretty neat, we did play it once, I want to try it again
going to the batting cages, estoy driving :O
Welcome my fellow colleague to the world of twits. Can't wait to hear what this guy has to say.
Always ready for excitement around
thank you
sounds yum.... may have to try it!
Good times today, homey.
Totally living my life, showing the world I can't be kept down!!!! No matter what or who, I am ME!
You wanna join me next year's Tour?!?
Maybe he was just trying to protest Santorum's anti self-indulgence campaign?
I miss !! Hope u have a good week <U+263A>
LIFE's great when you can laugh with others! =D RT Maybe nuts to hang out with this crew! ;-)
Facetime with kids is quite entertaining.
I think I'm too nice to people.
oh #frozenstrawberrylemonade is for mcdonalds. I get it now!
U don't think that bear on 's tweets now warms his toes? MT : Not sure abt journo as big game hunter metaphor
hey man, good running into you at the Ginger Man with
Now your just somebody I used to know:)
Depends on the girl, situation and time of year.
That's my favorite episode! So perfect in every way.. I need to go watch it NOw!
go kill it! Wish I could be your buddy : (
Tony Starks is an impressive individual, for real. Son had me inspired throughout the whole movie.
The honor and pleasure is mine. All my very best!
Happy Birthday!!
Always have updated resume and professional references available because you never know.
#Wannago amazing!!! Can't stop watching it!!
We are proud to deliver for Hog Island, El Greco, & Delish
Its been almost 14 years of playing Super Mario 64 and I finally beat it.
I have nutella, Be jelly. :3
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!<3
me too! Awesome!!
haha. That works.
what u doing man and y u always got something smart to say
Psalm 128:5 May the LORD bless you from Zion; may you see the prosperity of Jerusalem all the days of your life.
Cuz it's cold outside!
These folks in here giving me pointers on sex lol I am tripping its must be the liquor
We are excited to have joined Twitter and look forward to keeping you updated about ICDS!
Do you get to pick which sash you want to wear to the different events??
Thanks for the #FF!
Time for a glass of wine...
#Bloggers Any bloggers with a fan base interested in writing a post for our Sixty Seven line?!?
Had a great idea for a blog, then I spent my evening without writing it down, and it's gone.
skyrim,sandwiches, and , three of my favorite things!
just me and you or what?
love you too! And congrats on tonight man!
Thank you so much <3 RT : Follow this profile if you like swimwear or bikini
An admirer of Etgar Keret, Aleksandar Hemon, Sonia Sanchez, or Kronos Quartet's David Harrington? Discover the thought process of these...
Damn you, lewd minx
Good call, Weeds, for starting the promo of the new season on 4/20. Of course, now I'm pissed at myself for having to cut SHO to save money
Looking to get the Kickstarter project 2.0 launched by Tuesday. Initial content almost ready. :)
You "spearhead" it, I'll back you.
Happy Pi Day
Anyone staying in town this weekend?
Twitter is helping me remember this.
Hiya!! Do you do remixes too??
I just need to step away from these commit logs and get some sleep.
you have her. you obviously don't need me.
light blue argyle obviously!!
ctfu u crazy “: yes black crusty lips smh”
That's the thing I never understood about music journalism in the digital age. Pple can't deal w/bad reviews
Lightning talk: re: Maryland History and Culture Collaborative group. Next meeting: Jan. 12 at Towson U.
No, but I didn't return my boss's phone calls fast enough and he fired me. the handwriting had been on the wall for days.
thanks to see if it was cystel
If I dont meet by the end of the year the mayans were right
Deal. See you there
I bet. it's so god. XD lol
oh yeah definitly! You too,we should hang soon
Your just mad cause you havent got pussy since the pussy had you
You know Frank will wake up and be loud as hell. I ain't feelin' that. Lol.
#ICantStandWhen WE GET HOMEWORK OVER THE WEEKEND. THE WEEKEND IS FOR RESTING!!! R-T IF YOU AGREE
Thanks for the thoughts, Jihan! Great insights.
happy birthday broseph let's take this waffle house down and twitter give him a shoutout
If I were still a 14 year old goth, that would amuse me.
The Vans warped tour is coming to Vegas June 30th at the Plaza Hotel parking lot woop woop I will go
Hope i don't get stood up o_0.
Ugh #printers make me want to chuck them thru a window. Does anyone have one they like?
Anybody else hoping he gets a 6th at-bat?
The Sorry Stricken are not bothered by such things. They just bring greater numbers to procure a tasty treat.
amusing but doubtful. Cleaning your plate/finishing the bag is habit, not actual gluttony (for most part)
It's so gorgeous out. Think I might hit the
If New Jersey loses D-Will this summer, you think they throw a max offer sheet Eric Gordon's way?
GO PACK GO.
Nice to meet you too :)
I've read the Bible far more than u. 1 passage anti gay in New Test. But what about this pro gay passage: Isiah 56:3-5.
a thousand islands will be the death of me.
Can you believe this #Gamecocks? Enlighten him! MT: Was #StephonGilmore best pick for Buffalo? Can't believe fans excited about him
Studying for Stats and History.
Just saw on stage! They were amazing!!!! xD
How do you feel about public magnet schools? Any research? Articles? Opinions?
RT : Romney never "worked" a day in his life. He played with money and forced other people out of work.
boys and girls #Terps just got robbed, and #Tate just made the best play of the season
I still think you guys' books should make out.
We are at from 4-6 sampling the Kind & Bromigo. Come say hi
i love you too. :)
Hehehe Awhh Okay Thank You for telling me & You Talked To Jason's Dd? ;o Howw?
Public service announcement for All WHITE PEOPLE... Game 7 of Bruins Capitals is tied and in the third period.
relationships in movies > relationships in real life
Safety drill on the NEW Disney Fantasy! Getting ready to set sail with for !
hahaha you know it girl!!!
Blended classes can become class and a half with all the bells & whistles available
People that complain they're broke.. yet buy a bunch of records every other day...
I like when I Wake up before the alarm clock
Happy birthday Austy <3 I hope you have a great day with people you love (: Mahomies LOVE YOU
It's a lovely night in NY to spend at Union Pool with Rev. Vince Anderson & The Love Choir! See you there...11pm...No cover
dis other girl gotta big sloppy ass, if she fart dat shit gon REEK!!!!!!
RT : TEEN PARTY ALERT! A Teen HIV/AIDS Benefit, 4/30 at Noon, Fat Cat, 75 Christopher St., NYC. MUSIC, GAMES, AND PRIZES.
Casa Vicente tablao, half an hour, a feast for the senses. Come on down!
Only a few days left in our Kino Lorber Edu Essential Top 10 Sale on PPR. Visit our site to see all films available.
I wonder what the Vegas line is on Beckett missing more than one start? I'd be willing to throw down on it.
S. Bradford seemed to be a QB on the verge of having a breakout season, but does loosing Shurmer hurt him?
U got that now with me RT “ I want someone who will be faithful to me and only me.”
I don't understand how or why anyone uses OSX Spaces. Thoughts?
You're welcome.
Painting your nails: Hardest task ever.
Confession: before I moved to Illinois, I was a Red Sox fan and still am to some degree. Hope we can still be friends.
anytime darling.
What up? JT
Go Yankees!!
LOVE Club Teeks in the audio booth! The best jams, especially at 9 in the morning! Can't wait for the noon beats!
Have an Amazing Day...
Just posted a slightly different mix of my song "Plans", and a pre-final mix of a jazz waltz called "Sad Cafe". A couple more tweaks to...
^Do you have enough energy to do the things you want to do?
Which parts?
I beat you to it
you're going to lose every game, and you can call me a hater, but when you cheat u cheat and when you lie you lie drew...
FOLLOW YOU WHORE.
Is Morgan Freeman going to narrate the #Oscars ???
#Sixers love playing the #celtics...like a gnat at a bbq they just don't go away. Can the C's find a flyswatter in the next 24 like Dec. 9?
i don't know how some people do it!/:
Just left 007
sticker shock.<---food, utilities, clothes, or just the price of war?
First day back to class, so how many of you guys are already ready for a break?
My from retweeted me. I can sleep peacefully now as if I won Mega Millions.
YES! RT : were the same people accusing you of practicing white supremacy *also* railing against interracial marriage/sex?
kinda you say LOL :)
someday you will :)
on a scholarship?? Shit I'm in there! N its great fam, how is it there?
Thanks babe :) RT : Someone want to come over and paint my nails? My mani budget is going to a law school donation.
Drinking a caucasian while in a robe and shorts....channeling my inner dude 2nite.
Fortinbras @ Profile. Jonah Weston = the only guy I've ever seen who can pull off wearing a doublet.
has been living in NYC for ONE WEEK today! :D
Follow back? :)
well done you. So proud of you and Spurs. Thank you for the season & looking forward to August already.
Only 5 more hours until the releases the 2012 schedule! Ugh, I need it to be 7pm NOW!
haha I was just being stupid. Kinda. Maybe.
#dinerdoc is about to begin!
no its not maybe we will come back
I miss him so much. What can't he understand that?
Syria 'travel ban' for fighting age men
And ... burger was undercooked. I'm having a helluva day.
Most of my bids tend to be simple strategy to drive the price up but I sometimes outsmart myself.
that just makes my day!
where is the kill ah'? Mist ah Killah'!! (chinnngg!!)
They say money ain't everything damn right it's the only thing.
My manly-man hero of a hubby rescued a really mad stingray off the beach tonight armed only with a kid's sand shovel. How cool is that?!
I wanna ride it till the wheels fall off ;)
Ricki Lake was robbed on
RT : You can follow all the news & announcements for 2012 Legal IT Business Show at #LITBS12. Stay tuned for more updates!...
kidnapping the boyz and moving to alaska. yolo.
GOP leading itself into Custer's Last Stand by supporting #Mitt #Romney. No real supporters. Party will rip itself apart after Nov!
Happy New Years!
#Packers running no-huddle for first time since preseason. Basically, that's what they think of the St. Louis Rams.
Having my new WordPress business cards came in very handy when I walked in to Page Design Group:)
+10 RT : A2: As trust expands so too does the sphere of influence.
Stop by our Hollywood Tea Bar between 1:00 and 3:00 this Sunday for a free, informal Tea Tasting with Seth O'Malley.
Yu Darvish's dad is Iranian, his mom Japanese.
#PealeBCLM inventory lists: Got to a section of Lake Montebello plans and
I love hearing the thunder!
You think your trip home for the holidays was tough? How about traveling 422 miles in a kayak? A Florida college student did it in 18 days!
Spent last 2 weeks driving from Minnesota all the way down to southern tip of Texas (South Padre), over to Louisiana, and back. with 3 kids.
feel better buddy. xoxo
OH MY GOD I CAN WATCH ACTUAL TV WHEN I NEED TO CAN'T FALL ASLEEP NOW. THIS IS WONDERFUL.
If the troops hate this CIC it sure didn't look like it yesterday.
#LateNightRequests You pick 'em.....surprise us
it was probably the best PR move he could've pulled
. i'd have to guess that a saudi prince would be willing to pay more than $100 million to buy the white house....
Loves her new ipod
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely. -Unknown
We're having crazy thunder and lightning around my house in San Diego. Weird! What happened to all the hot weather all week....?
Fair enough, you and Tom tied for funniest with Coleman.
she has about $3K in cash in her purse. That's a lot of money to leave with a casual acquaintance/co-worker, regardless of race.
So just a power point due Friday, right? Or is there a paper too?
I hate how sensitive my teeth are <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Our LOSS event Wine Grab N' Go donation goal is 100 bottles. I'm volunteering at the table and helping to collect btls for this cause 4/29
i hope you win the
Go Cubs! RT : Chipper Jones to be honored with an on-field ceremony before first pitch today.
Have a FANTASTIC birthday
Some of y'all didn't even brush ya teeth this morning. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Existence is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the prosperous, a disaster for the poor.
Anyone taking part in Bank Transfer Day Nov. 5th? Pls let me know
Join us tonight for HALF OFF wine night. That's 50% off select bottles of wine all night in the dining room and after 7pm in the bar.
I'm not so sure - right now it's got this aura of exclusivity going for it - smarter conversations with people I don't know
thank you lovely!! “: Just finished a great interview with #filipinoactress Well done!”
Spent 2 hours searching 100+ pages of the 1940 census to figure out what Hazel Coxe did for a living. Keep it real, GovDocs.
Had fun on the #motorcycledaytrip today. Now getting ready to head to
is all you need
Awesome dialogue about social networking in the roofing world with my NRCA FEI friends!
We're watching that this week, too!
not yet
Palme d'Or for Malick and Grand Prix for the Dardennes! What a great year for Cannes! I'm content.
I was at work <\3
agh , not so sure about this . .
Samsung’s Galaxy S I unveiling happens today; here’s how to watch it live
You #scurredcuz?? I would be if I was a
so happy RT : AMAZING!
Drinking Red Bulls. Take a sip, take a sip.
hahahahaha your free to now retweet.
Thank you Lori! You are so kind. Wishing you a wonderful, blessed week!
I passed my test.. Thank you God :)
Ayyyyooooo got the Goombas from south philly in miami
Just wait on him
one day, i hope to be strong enough to think about you and not start crying
DON'T GET A LOAN with Huntington Bank.... PLEASE listen to me... I have been in the business long enough to call out a BAD/UNFAIR LENDER...
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #13: English Pale Ale
Roll out your sleeping bag under the grand piano.
did anyone see left-sided ads and #ads on your #facebook news feed and profile wall in between posts yesterday? they are gone now.
true. I think that's true of LBJ 48 too but that margin is so small it seems like it COULD have been done 'by hand'
What the heart gives away is never gone. It is kept in the hearts of others. Robin St. John
P.S. I am hot. Lmao. ...grade school.
thank you
it's at the Variety Playhouse in little 5 Points. Bilal hasn't come on yet. You still got time! C'mon!
#sxsw Coolrunnings at BD Rileys after just seeing Buck 65 at Canadian Blast party. Here we go.…
you missed the bazinga, but thanks! haha
yo want sum food
I'm so damn cute when I'm ugly.
Is that/was that Don Holder by the console when the lights blacked out?
its me and u tweeting 2 me
These moms deserve a TT they put their heart & sole out to & #BELIEBERS around the world! Help Trend #moms4bieber <3
One direction > Your life
i cant go to sleep soo in LOVE!! ah!
Thanks for the follow, Larry. See you on the other side. Out of the ashes...
The world more charity when apple and blackberry just a fruit !!
Kobe look like phatom of opera with the black mask..
When I left CMF and PXY I wasn't sure if I made the right decision. Here I am 11 years later today! I made the right decision :)
I was kidding...but your Twitter avatar is so delicious, I had to oblige.
Patriots - already in Super Bowl and have NFL's easiest strength-of-schedule
So, how far is it from Toronto to say, Quebec?
My sinuses are mahad and my head may explode! I love the 4th. I just wish I didn't feel like I got smacked between the eyes with a bat.
Leg R Tramp Stamp
Anytime man i'm looking forward to it.
One good customer well taken care of could be more valuable than $10,000 worth of advertising. Jim Rohn
I can't wait to whistle my face off with tonight
#BoiseSOC Bieter: They will start next winter, building an access road, parking lot and restroom in tandem with the River Recreation Park.
If you come to Miami don't miss run at the beach by sunset time...
Hysterical watching how angry Gresh and Felger are at the success of the C's
sure did! Twice.
Have a great time!
My hair today <<
Currently booking our artist on stages at Cornerstone festival.
A reverse mortgage? How about lowering rent on apartments in cities across America?
jaywalkers should be ticketed as well. I've never heard of someone walking into a car and killing
“: lol I'm not. Happy birthday tho.” thank you
Boys r dum
Doing what needs to be done. Somebody shoot me.
I was brought on to work with Alma straight out of library school. So far, so very very good. Will you be at ALA, too?
Never trust anyone.
but yeah, I'm reading WoW's MPQ files, extracting the world map objects (WMO files), textures etc.
That's adorable! <3
Let me know what you come up with. I'm just starting in Specia Collections and would love to keep up with any research you find.
me and Caitlin have fell out! :( I know mrs! <3
It starts at 7:45 I believe
Asian American girls with high nasal Midwestern accents freak me out. Total cognitive dissonance. Racist or no, it's my reaction.
Congrats on getting verified!!! ;)
yep!! :D I can't wait for the tour... Whenever it happens. I can wait. :)
but first you had a strawberry banana #mix1 I imagine! RT “: Post work out meal, souplantAtion. #souplandank”
hey bro way to not respond to my tweet the other day
Almost the weekend again. This is when my acting life goes into overtime!
totally. So sad.
Yeah man, I'd probably be down. I'll try and tone down the swearing; crummy performances bring out the worst in me.
Yep. Every little bit helps!
really awesome that you got a job there!
Only entropy comes easy. - Lewis Mumford
Hey plz follow me and , thx
Installing Ubuntu Linux Server. It's character-mode UI reminds me of they days of PC-DOS.
Recognize your blessings
keep the internet free 4 more lolz.
OmG everybody's passing...
Oh hey. :P
Support the Growth... We Support Those Who Support Us!!
of course!
Talking to Dad about the tea business is always inspiring
Oh too late.
Wishing I were at Coachella
Oh, wow! Have a fantastic time!
Transformers do not give a FUCK
The Barnyard Sharks
very nice!
Maid in Manhattan?RT I am writing a movie set in a pre-apocalyptic future.
- Watch me on and learn about how I #reducebellyfat! We saw! It was great!
Apparently you've never ventured past Miller Park in the summer, Milwaukee is beautiful.
I could vibe to Webbie && Boosie all day EVERYDAY !!
Josh is a beast
Keep your eyes on the prize, Mermaid.
Working late in my haunted building. Trying to not be alarmed each time I hear the structure creak and sigh.
Volleyball practice, wadddup
It's just a family connection for me-- I didn't even manage to fill out my brackets this year. (I'm more of a baseball fan.)
nico ! i miss u bff !
": Life is good. God is good! I'm blessed."
Explaining to and what a Bukkake was >>>>> lmao
Ann Romney thanks Kid Rock. Kid Rock?
Watching A Walk to Remember
he's in Colorado. He's married as am I.
Kissing the football. sharing guy saliva
"You can observe a lot just by watching." - Yogi Berra
I enjoyed 'What to expect When You're Expecting' screening last eve. Lots of laughs from audience.
Feature request for next version of Palantir: bacon mode. cc
Who's sticking around for The Killing?
why is there a lunch change?
I'm not angry, just upset that they won't be with the team.
A system based on collectivism is not compassionate; it requires forceful confiscation of property & the oppression of the individual.
Why are there so many piggy banks? Pigs don't like to hide their money in the mattress.
i'm not able to explain it, but i got a good feeling about this week. maybe God is doing something for me without me knowing it
Happy 30th fellas. Hope y'all r having a good time! Much love!
I think she's beautiful. I wish she thought that too.
Actually used by one a scary, as in kill you and eat you, scary security men. He wrote a note and left it for the day shift supervisor: "...
what was she on?
I always love a skillful dj!
I'm nobody's second. So get with tha program or <U+270C><U+270C><U+270C>.
I just vomited in my mouth a little. “: #Royals promoted INF Irving Falu over 2B Johnny Giavotella because of versatility.”
you won't regret it!!
thanks for the follow!
Just because you have all of a bands merch doesn't mean your their biggest fan , your probably a spoiled brat or rich haha
Hey I like the new twitter!!
Cashier to son: where is your money? Son: I don't have any money my dad works a lot so he has money
Planning&reflection necessary.Written plans not to appease admin, but to share w/others helping our stdnts
My God, the Wizards are dominating a game. #yesit'spossibletheworldisending
Recognizing that many colleges wage a "guerrilla campaign" to help availability of student services catch up w/online academics
I'm of the open audition, open call frame of mind--leverage the talent and creativity of anyone that wants to contribute, grassroots.
or contact us at
which means that you have seen it then?!
Well which is it... the flu or Lena Taylor?
Got my airticket to the championship to see & Dry Ice.
that thumping sound you hear is Lakers fans falling off the bandwagon
I've been teaching students about their digital footprint...perfect example!
Currently picking my tongue up from the floor. Smfh
super fast follow back Sydney
Snow again tonight!! Thought we were finished with all that. sigh..........
The only way I can be free is to be me. ~ A.D. Williams
Titanic 3D or Think Like a Man tonight?
Something's up. Seventeen new followers overnight. Only one is a real person.
My teacher emailed my mom saying that I don't turn in work when I asked her what I was missing she say it was three papers.. Really?
Portfolio procrastination
NIGGA, if you ever cock your legs up to do anything, you GAY! lol IJS
I can confirm that the COWS siren at the new Jody Richards Elementary School is working just fine...
Act like a lady, think like a man.
Heading to Rabbit Hole in Mass.
please follow me<U+2661><U+2661> I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :'( 93
I'm watching the movie "Just Go With It", which was filmed in Hawaii, on TV while Rebecca actually is in Hawaii. How ironic.
This Mornings #Juice bernuk + stawbery ( : HAPPY SUNDAY GUYS!
Funky retro uniforms alert: The #Rangers and #Angels are wearing '74 throwbacks today!
Heck Yeah I'm Excited! :D
Wisconsin is on the mountain top: National Guard stands by as state employee unions disengage.
his huge teeth get in the way
Don't give up. The people who succeed are people who refuse to quit. Just don't quit. -Penelope Trunk
Awesomeness: 8th grade GIRL participating in the hackathon at living social!!
Aw thanks!! Definitely! :-)
Heyy love!:D
NOW at Night Lights Up the Corcoran on Friday
aight I gotcha :-)
bipartisan education expert couple: Garofalo/Greiling
I'm home w/ Nava, Betsy, & cats. It doesn't look bad out, but there are power outages a couple blocks away and tornados.
Hey Portlandia - Maria Bermudez arrived safe and sound. We are looking forward to the Workshops that start today at Solo Flamenco!
that's what they told me! They have all of them on lockdown
I figured as much -- I hope you are having a fantastic time. :)
really? That's the best you have?? #soundslikean80'smovie
I'd like to help you try out your new forum. I'm sorta tech-savvy and stuff ;) We're a worker-owned vegan bakery >:o)
Drunk people piss me off
Beckham just scored from the santa monica pier. 3-1 Galaxy
My router is about 7 years old.
SOUNDS GOOD. I'LL BRB
it's publix brand..
...When u live like this, ur suppose to party!!!!!
no problem (:
Aloha's Bryson Sullivan hurt left knee. Helped off the field. Sitting on bench with knee wrapped.
Happy Birthday Javier!
Hello beautiful
A few of these new PhD's spent the last three to five years getting degrees in words I've never heard of
Nice breeze out today
#USMNT wins with a late goal by Clark! Thought & had a great debut, doing great as well.
i might be wrong but i've thought that from the start. (had to switch accounts from )
some things are not meant to be! somme....
the Hunger Game can be read as an allegory for colonialism. I recommend it.
my guess: weak jan-feb sales dragged on total as people waited for new model, iPad blowout next quarter
haha. The royal we.
Thanks! Looking forward to FSU. I'm still putting the roundtable together for UNC Charlotte. Did you see my email yesterday?
I'm...I'm...doing research for my job! RT : My poor girlfriend is stuck in a TVTropes hole :( cc
please follow ! its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY ! GO FOLLOW & ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME!plz
Spicy grilled chicken, quesadillas, salsa and nachos give southwest food-lovers a variety of crispy, spicy foods to choose from!
whets going on tonight?
Sicker than sick. I think Ashley gave me her pneumonia :(
Because of Davy Jones' popularity, another singer named David Jones changed his name....to David Bowie.
Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces
1st man: My neighbors were screaming at three o'clock this morning! 2nd man: Did they wake you up? 1st man: Nah,I was up playing my bagpipes
Do you still dream and aspire to accomplish your dreams or has life gotten in the way?
Just ordered mozz sticks
im on the way to ATL DM your number when you see this :)
you got time—show is here until May 13!
Only if u knew my feeling inside, but no I have to hide it away!
haha I see I see..yes you should let him out so he can see the new year
I just had a weird flash of Cormac & Werner on a My Two Dads type show. I can't believe I even remember that show's existence.
Successful girls day out! Now going to a pro lax game what's good :)
Let's hope for the best today
More tracking, editing, and writing
UGH. First time having a latte. I thought it was supposed to be sweet! Taste like shit.
SOX: Alfredo Aceves gets out of T9 jam and the #RedSox take game two of series, 7-5 over the #Indians. Felix Doubront starts tomorrow.
Was spike suspended when he hit T.J Floyd?
Take away some of those commas: Batman eating Betty White; Michael Jordan shooting ponies. Now converse...
Crap. Saving Private Ryan on 704 or Los Goonies on 768?
Yes, but I thought when it was announced they weren't going..RT thru the game contract for the band.
The Quarterback, well protected from the Warren Sapp
Check out our photos from Saturday's volunteer day at St. Vincent De Paul!
Good afternoon!
because it was with me!
'Panduit conforms to solutions based market approach' - Voice &amp; Data Online
Oregons home court is geed as Fuck
Hoping for some help...Can you embroider something on a quilt AFTER it's been quilted and bound?
Cold and dreary Monday.
Queens Center Mall
Just had a commercial callback with only 6 other actors. Flashback to the 90's. Game on!!
Don't miss our next concert - March 12! Music of Argentina! Will have catered food and great music - singers, pianist, flautist, organist!
Olive Garden <3
yeah me too, then I get paid and remember why I do it. Haha
The Foodery will be stocking Revolution Cider at both locations, starting next week! Check by either store starting Monday for details.
bored =p had a pretty good day, pc4pc???
OUR Budget Initiatives:1.Restore all cuts to EI Services and Rates 2. Compensation for 18 years non-payment of COLA's 3.Budget Transparency
Change will happen if failure is not allowed to stop you...CHOOSE CHANGE!
Speaking tonight "eLearning is often driven by compliance & legal rather than performance."
of course man
In Fear and Faith tomorrow at Rockeown!!
Mrs.Byrd Said " Jonathan I Would Smack You, If It Wouldn't Make Me Lose My Job ! " LMFAOO' !
I lost my shooting guard which opened up my salary CAP....IMma need a 1st round draft pick to feel n
Quality over quantity every time: "I don't want more choices. I just want nicer things." -Edina Monsoon
I don't recall that. It was also 9AM and I was about to see Pirates 4, so I was in a dark place when I saw it...
bleaching my hair then off to my job interview ^_^
thanks for the retweet, amigo!! and happy valentine's day to you :-)
feeling the unnatural pull of Bob Evans in the chain restaurant war zone of the American Middle West
thanks bro, I appreciate it
RT : May is officially here! Don't miss out on the 11th Annual #bvimusicfest this Memorial Day Wknd.
*great idea. oops.
Texas stadium or wherever the Red River Shootout is played at
haha what's up
: 1 of fav memories was performing w on the Arsenio Hall Show!!
Diversity Platinum Rewards Program Announces Support for the Matthew Shepard Foundation
Gotta keep working. Cannot stop til the job is done!
Like Music? Like Social Networking.... Sign up www.iBand.me
A4 Isn't it all about inquiry? Or should it be?
Its funny how i've been sitting here for an hour trying to write this english essay and i still have nothing written down #noideawhattow ...
i can, it's all about megan fox ;)
OPENING RECEPTION: Friday 6-8:30pm. Come see "Spirit and Enigma" by Bill Mould. Ceramic sculptures and wall art!
Maybe ill get a boyfriend if I was skinnier. LOLjk I'm never gettin a boyfriend.
looking at a vt, bama, georgia tease
Swung on and Belted!!
I love the first song and the great salt lake
sounds like a blast ! have fun!!
Yep. It has to be one on one. Wensday in the restroom. During 7th.
Mane my phone was on airplane mode all night
Is anyone else out there fighting an Amazon addiction? Never thought I'd see the day when I could replace a scanner w/1 click!
We are glad to have you whenever you would like to be there. Can't wait to hear Grave Secrets on the air!
Except I would never want to become a horse. You might as well just be a doggy. You have to spend a lot of time w both to understand...
Watching "The Celebrity Apprentice" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Exactly HTFU RT : I want the lads walking out onto that pitch ready for a war.
Turning on golf and taking a nap
I wanna Fking party!!!!! But it's only Thursday!!!!!!
Lovin' these photos. So much joy.
": LOL! There's room for you!" Aw thanks sister!!! That's means a lot to me. What bag I'm getting in LOL
It's a rainy day.. so maybe it'll cool off the weather in hell.. lol aka.. work!!
31 days with out a cigarette
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that much for them.
Coffee clinics are back! Stop by Saturday, 10-12 starting this weekend! Learn how to make your idea cup o'coffee..
Ok thanks
were my haters at lmfao i love yall
everything you own in the box to the left :D
Obviously, the US has ways to go to confront racism. Most whites r upset as they should be. They dont think cont.
Anybody got an extra can of AQUANET? It's #BigHairNight this Friday with Jay Kruz. That dude knows about BIG HAIR
Found the PERFECT pair of wedges for graduation...but they're red. OH WELL. STILL BUYIN EM! Fuck you Heritage! #BUHBYEEEE!!!
Looking for that perfect toy for somebody special? Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have what you!
Danielles family .... OMG !
These #oscars are so f*cking boring......
what was the song you felt the most my man?
u there
I earned the Keep It Up badge on Lose It!
come get me
We have a lot of that in our world. I think it just helps people get over the fear of something new.
Every day should begin with a purpose
follow me?? haha creeping on the back!! ^.^
My twitter app is misbehaving!
You're awesome! All of you are Awesome!!!<3
A worthy victory. #TriviaNerd RT : #yaylife we won trivia!!!!!!
The first 2 people to call Jeff Lyon at 323-549-5225 Ext 210 in the next 60 minutes will receive a discounted membership rate to the LABJ
in our class?
RT : Ugh, Nicki Minaj is the new face of Pepsi? Gross. Oh well, It's tasted like shit since the switch to #HFCS anyways.
chucks on a John Deere? It's like those pics of Joey Ramone mowing his lawn....
[Update] South Dakota and Kentucky will be closed in the afternoon on Good Friday, April 6th.
Planning the trip to Spain...traveling fool am I!
Chris Bosh should've won MVP <U+E408>
Toes: sprained 2nd toe
Thanks for the mention Dauson -- have a great weekend!
For all u haters last week I took 4this week from the old lady
follow back please? :)
Met with Rene and Rien over iChat - collaborating on a project for Dutch Design Week in Eindhoven Netherlands at Philips Research
Good Luck!!
Happy Easter!<U+E328><U+E52C><U+E306><U+E147><U+E037>
#DanceAgain very hot! Loved it!!! I really wish you where coming to Phoenix Az on tour! So I could see ya!! :(
I never truly understood evil until I met Asia's cat.
New phone. Yes. Love it. Daddy got it for me last night! <3
No reason to cry to over spilt milk...it could have been #Beer, #Wine, #Whiskey, or your favorite #Vodka drinks!
Awe, have a blast!
Researchers have demonstrated that the ingestion of trans-fats & saturated fats increase the risk of suffering depression.
I think my computer has Chrome's disease.
I voted along time ago 4 yall's ring pop
#whenitwascoolto wear highschool musical t-shirts.
bachelorette premier may 14th! Oh and happy Easter :)
I am standing in line for you now. See you when you get here!
Generalizations, good sir!
I think I may be inlove..... Lol
none with the baby these days. plus, we won't be in SF that day anyway. congrats on the giants win!
How wonderful to wake up on a Monday with only the agenda of: Eating, drinking, shopping, sunbathing & swimming :) Happy Memorial Day folks!
I really like what is doing with their NBA Halftime show. Talent rotating doing highlights. No need for Token Host. Like the energy.
DJ Dizzan playing at the QBar tonight... go dance you pants off and fill up on 50% off food and drink specials. Starts at 6pm.
Andy Pettite to start in Rochester on Sunday. Hells yeah! Frontier Field here I come.
people stopped hangin wit me cuz i stopped smoking and stopped drinking...talk about "Real Friends" right? SMFH...
Wow. Gut punch.
I walked down the isle 8 years ago to #At Last. Beautiful thing about music is while Etta will be gone and missed she will not be forgotten.
Almost january still havent turned the heat on
just saw a freshman thought she was mrs howell LMFAO
When your parents are racist fucks against who you date<
Bigot i will definatly do and i havent done losing my religon in a long time but i will try to get the boys to bring it back ;)
really?! I hate mine hahah
Speaking of starting another book, I started Townie last night because I've been itching for a good memoir.
Goon squad
- how did the show go?
TL is a foooo. Imma just sit back and watch this Brewer game and be happy.
Its a beautiful day in #Chicago! I'm really starting to love this city.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning hopefully I don't look like shit when I run pass those hot guys.
RT Club hoes + liquor + house music + high heels = #THEBEST ENTERTAINMENT EVER
obsessed with themed parties! getting ready for a 50s partay! so excited and it feels like college again! happy bday
THanks man but Im not really looking to buy right now. I just wanna do as many collaborations as possible.
#CPA #ediscovery looking for computer forensics investigations? Contact us for our consulting services!
haha yeah he is and im gonna go to bed night :)
Headed out to celebrate my boy's bday. RIP Bubbi love you B miss you so much
Oscar Pistorius is an inspiration for runners at all levels. 400m in 45.69 on artificial legs. NBC Track & Field in NY.
#SteveJobs StanfordSpeech6: “Don't be trapped by dogma-which is living with the results of other people's thinking.” bit.ly/owfEZp
Word to your mother today!
hey girl!!!!! how have you been?? when are you coming to philly to party?!?!?!
thanks doll! i hope all is well with you. happy new year!
Wish #Kansas #Kentucky was tonight.
What to do with custard apples - Sydney Morning Herald
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! So thankful for friends & family!
Jennifer Lopez, Wisin y Yandel, and Enrique Iglesias are all going on tour together this summer. I will most definitely be in attendance!
here I'm again hope this is the 100 tweeter
Hey YogaChikk, sorry for the delay in responding but I'm still learning. Thanks for the mentions!
its my half birthday today! My birthday is august 9!
Good to support old mckale wildcat at the AAC tonight... Close game!!!
i hate when i write "boyz" and it underlines it red and says i'm wrong. NO THATS HOW THE ICONIC BOYZ SPELL IT SO SMD IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM(:
did this clown really admit that he burning. New ñame #burningman gtfoh you want what I had or have.
To succeed in life and take every opportunity, don't ask why? ask why not?! p.s send you a poems twitter to email ok
PICK YOUR OWN PRICE: $10 or $15 to Time Stands Still TONIGHT & TORROW at 7:30pm Purchase at the door that night only!
Awesome! Thanks for sharing with us!
Agreed, but have you seen the interface on some of these? Tivo's UI still rocks.
Want us to follow you!? Mention us in a tweet today and we will! :)
Very Blessed #kyleandhunter Thank you!!
Did Gruden just say players on Twitter aren't focused? ---> He should check out before he speaks!!
Just sick about my Bucks, can't keep a lead, can't score, can't win. 0-2 in Big Ten.
New wine glasses aim to balance "water and fire"
I've decided that I'm #democrabeep ing all signs on the way to
#Packers 13-3. Tough schedule though.
you got that right! We cut him and instantly became a better team! Haha!
8:25 pm. WEAA-Baltimore -Doc Manning interviews Roseanna Vitro-for May 27th- An Die Musik Gig - The Music of Randy Newman
we have more day this month this year it's leap year!!
Striking Distance with sexy hot Bruce Willis was the #1 movie this day in 1993.
I'm scared to play games for fear I've not turned off the sound despite checking 10 times.
Can't wait to party down tonight! Been looking forward to seeing you for years!!
only me and my friends would get yelled at on a little kid ride, where you just sit in a boat and go in circles.
Come join us for our first reading, featuring six talented folks, at 240 ninth ave, today! at 6pm
Welcome girl :)
I worship kenny powers almost as much as #dabullzwon &
I love Rachel
Shopping Again Today ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> Yeeh
(facepalm) RT: : Apple Revenue Loss Blamed on Lack of Jobs.
Looks like Google+ is trying again. Hopefully they do better than the first go-around.
I think the way the Niners defense has been playing, getting the touchdown was better.
Terrible name for the resume, spaces in the senders name and no address, bad subject title, no mentioning of what position. More
Happy Birthday!!! Enjoy!!! Hope you have a very wonderful day!!!
1963 operations research & systems engineering study: same questions & concerns 49 yrs later
awe what a pretty leaf! Goes great with the season! love the colors. Matching today?
To find out about cool new indie bands and see performances and videos check out
Kacey...heading into Vegas..CHP escorting our can of Oregon Whoop Ass to Nevada Border...The Road Trip is on a roll
I KNOW RIGHT. gettin through those days might be struggle though haha
#1DTourUSA behind my computer, ny, ny. because you picked the smallest venue ever and sold all the tickets to stubhub. K.
I HATE THAT IF NIALL SAYS TO FOLLOW SOMEONE, I HAVE TO FOLLOW THEM >:| what's wrong with me.
omg is jarod following u he followed me yesterday i hope that picture is really him lol
Just can't stand them. Melo and J.R. Smith made me hate them. Still can't get over it.
I wanna go to tk but not really feeling it. I wish Tk could come to me...lol
There are MANY gods, but only ONE Jesus!
Sittin on the back porch, writing notecards, going over power points, enjoying the weather, and eating a salad.
Agreed. A really refreshing perspective. And I must admit I heckled Gov. Christie for lowering the flag for Whitney.
I need to call Michelle ass
Virtual worlds create new design ("policy"), release it in test environment, then iterate until design meets standards.
Seth's radio show Relevant Tones is airing on WLUW right now. www.wluw.com Featuring the music of Graham Reynolds.
sounds like a good plan
Wonderful time on Tennessee Mornings this AM..They are all awesome..Wish I had seen the clump of hair sticking out before the interview..lol
neat! They are a happy place, really.
We dont remember days. We remember moments. :)
Absolutely, need to catch up. And best of luck with your launch!
I am interested in seeing at an SEO/marketing event.
Had a blast last night at the first women's party at Disney Gay Days! Hung with the Real L Word girls & got the scoop on a possible reunion!
Prepare your god damn utters is dropping his mix tape on June 2!
Great tip. I spent countless hours at growing up. It's great for all ages.
She's wifey material.
Great Read! Go Put Your Strengths to Work.
Yes please keep telling me how bad the eagles are!
Pitching match up Kershaw v. Correia
Yes. I never really took it seriously, so now that I'm getting it together there are notes everywhere & I have SO MUCH to do!
when are we meeting tomorrow?
All trained up for judging at National History Day Philadelphia next week!
I wish I had a nickle for every time________? Mitzi
Writing sick versus like my pen got cancer
Thanks for the listing! /conversation-list
your welcome u deserve it
Spider pig, spider pig does whatever a spider pig does... :)
EdTech Integration specialists as a service? Building a model of success. Shrinking budgets require thinking in new ways.
I sound like the worst cheerleader for not knowing this but is kelsey rules wcss last tumbler..? <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
#1ThingIFindSexy references to the holocaust in contemporary christian pop-rock music
Hey save some billionaires for the rest of us!
For West Coasters MT: Your chance to be part of #NASATweetup! Oct 24-25 event with go.nasa.gov/qMcWVf
your a sexy boss!!
This weekend is gonna be a bust.
Shazam is simply magical! How exactly does it work?
Hi Meredith - Thanks for including Casart Coverings in your picks for & wallpaper!
I found watching that movie physically painful.
"picking cotton in the hot sun"~TashaMack LoL!!
Have you check sites lately? Cool stuff happening...
yes love
Have to fix the background later on today.. thanks for RT'ing me :)
Have you seen 's breakfast?!?! That may remove any choice in the matter.
The city year people at my school >>>>> they love me :) lmfao.
Thanks for the love, doll, keep on rockin' :)
it is, lay some Britney on us!
Just like black or white sometimes yes or no doesn't suffice.
people just don't know boundaries anymore
Hoping that will change this time.
The only way to come up - is to stay down
Browsing is so dangerous... i just ordered books by and
Can I have a shoutout? My name is Marisol(:
I heard yesterday that there was an ice revolution in #SF. Creating the perfect large size square ice cubes for drinks & cocktails.
oh my gosh! I know there is corruption in every organization (we all fall short) but this is unfortunate for sure.
Getting my lift on!
No worries, love, I hope you enjoyed your day!
lmao the best tweet ever tweeted
interesting read/idea but I died inside reading all the 'soccer' terminology. #butcheringthegame :-)
spray is money in the bank nowadays! Just ask your 'jersey shore' brother (that's me)!!!
Alexis, THANK YOU for being flexible and delivering an outstanding keynote via Skype. Worked out very well.
I've now seen great Columbia River Probably much like Lewis & Clark first more than century ago Grand shrouded in rain/fog Dateline Portland
Better believe I'm still celebrating! #BBN #
i called you because i was on my way over there and my phone died. How was i supposed to get in w/o letting you know i was there?
Amigo, do you know what's happening w/ ? Her account appears to be non-existent.
--> How crazy and I likes Wild :)
Need to finish working on uncredited co-write project so I can get back to working on my own stuff.
fuck you I can flip off a divin board or sumn lol
Thank you for pitching to Pastornicky in that situation, Cardinals.
hey dude morning, sorry little late on my reply!
Still in bed, dragging to get to work today. I DON'T WANT NO PROBLEMS PEOPLE!
- This is so sad to read. No more Bikram left in New Orleans.
not sure it would take much
yum. I just saw that on pinterest!
those damn country folks
OMG! I'm in Slytherin! It's my love for Silver and Black that got me here!
Love these shots, ! And we loved having your dancing talents with us on Purim even more!
#FF A very talented actress in Los Angeles and an overall awesome person
i would be perfectly fine if harry and cher dated
When are those ladies going to realize you're the normal, smart one?
I am all about the fringe bags right now and fringe boots
I be tryin' to tell 'em man. The Zoo Krew is my niggas, man. No flex. Zee Double Oh, heaux.
Watching Felix the cat with my dad. SAMs going to be jealous.
I need to do my own thing. Respect that.
yup that's no problem!
Absent from excerpts of Romney's Liberty U speech tomorrow: any mention of Mormonism—or faith at all. Foucuses on family, work/life balance
it was magical .. (:
Die hard... #Philly stand up RT : wait... yo is a sixers fan too?
I do not care for the word "vicinity" and yet I'm using it in a story. What words do you dislike using?
Back home home after an amazing time in SF. Thank you and for making me feel like a local. :)
if nookie is regular, then no need to fap!
The only thing X rated about some girls with their thirsty Avi shots is their XXXL Panties
People often want fame & glamour but really don't want to work for it."They just want it for fun".WORK FOR IT, N WATCH U APPRECIATE IT MORE.
Just saw arrive at the #helenhayesawards 20 min to dhowtime!
Hey Jalen!! Hope you are doing great! Miss ya! Take care!
additionally, the tags in the wallpaper are real. Members who recruit 100+ will receive a pair
Meeting in the offices hammering out the future of Exciting times!
nonono you are, my friend!
I've learned not to wear yellow bikinis...or speedos
Can he do it? Can Ed Roper do two back to back photo sessions in one day with iffy weather? We shall see!
isn't doing doc review redacting. That's right is NOT!!!
The contract u need to sign auditions is not exactly entrepreneur friendly. Greedy peeps taking advantage.
correction: you How the hell do you delete a tweet??
Had a nice conversation with yesterday about how getting comfortable is for suckers. Stay hungry!
I got a question for jayz how diid it feel knowing that beanie sigel the person you founded split and teamed up wit dame dash?
i was at my friends house :D
YUSSSS! RT : Ok, now we can officially get really really excited about brand new episodes of "Figure It Out" on
thanks babe!
You don't make me feel any better about myself.
About to go sign in for #hicss and start picking paper sessions. Maui is so beautiful; I may have to miss the workshops.
Little 'ol me? NEVER!!
Breakfast time.
You need a Purple-induced blackout to recover, methinks.
is that a good or bad thing? You didn't lose anything down it I hope?
<U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] One lucky dorm will receive a free sponsored outdoor block party tonight in the form of a fire alarm evacuation.
Dont forget to come2 take a pic of your waitress with their swatch watch and tweet it to to enter to win a free watch
No excuses from me. Saw this coming in Dec. Sort of wish Celts had blown it up a bit in early Feb rebuild some.
Regine after regime has fallen to the Arab Spring but serious uprising has been perhaps the most complex and long running.via Fareed Zakaria
thanks I found story
Or are YOU just so old you use Tweezer? Ha! (I couldn't get away with saying that to a woman!)
Not personally, but The Head and the Heart played at my work ( )
nope. Had to be GB, imo.
Listen live now to On Health & Healing on http//:a2zen.fm. Dr. Malcolm Hill on God's Healthcare Plan.
Good one, who knew Charles L. was an ecologist? Maybe all that time alone in the sky opened his eyes (and soul).
Hello RT : Joining #FoodieChat hello everyone. I'm tweeting from Toronto. :-)
With visual support from jennofuture, and Kristine and Micho of District VII.
God Damn bitch u have a new "bestfriend" every day ..... && u wonder y your dumbass ain't got no friends .....
Do you get shit crunk or do you get jiggy?
me shout out we a movement, stand up.
denture wearers very concerned about "caramel-geddon" this weekend...
Tebow has God on his side on that coin flip
Thanks for sharing our deal!
“A man’s character may be learned from the adjectives which he habitually uses in conversation. - Mark Twain
is there a plan to add as a share option especially as a wordpress plugin?
But whatever I've been smiling all day because of him <3
You have no idea how annoying you are. I'm def going to punch you in the face next time.
I saw you walking this morning! I waved at you and you just looked beyond me! :( lol
I don't care ... battling allergies still makes spring my favorite time of year.
Holidays Take Flight - Sunday Dec. 6 - 11 AM - 4 PM - Free admission! New exhibition opening - Art of the Airship! Los Primos, crafts, fun
About to expand le horizons and work on some #hiphop beats :D
“: What happened fam? #PrayersUp”<~~he was dizzy , speech was slurred so I brought him to the ER. Thanks bro
…Of course, the big bonus for people at JSTOR-subscribing schools is PDF downloads—a worthy perk over free accounts. Again, thanks, !
Charles Barkley just said Trail Blazers are the best team in the west he's seen so far.. I know it's early but that means a lot...
'if you love me you won't sit by him' "you can't do that to me" 'ok if you love me you won't agree with her'
“ “ I surprised my girlfriend during sex the other night with a little move I like to call coming home early””
Interested in brunch or lunch this weekend?
The bottle tax hearing looks a lot like a youth soccer game. Pro-tax get blue shirts and anti-tax get white shirts.
That nigga took off the correct way
GOODELLS #POWERTRIP HAS TO BE THWARTED SOME HOW..DAMN!
fear the dear fear the dear fear the dear puhahahaha!
that's the truth.
12 minutes to go in Game Two.
. We are going at it tonight again!! Are you ready ?? CU 2night @ Mambocafé Dallas !!
RT : Ladies and Gentleman JCSU GOLDEN BULLS ARE THE PIONEER BOWL Champions!!!!!!!
Where can I see himym episodes of the 7th season online ?
Alrighty sounds good
ONE of my cats is chill in the tub. And she has been sitting on it for literally the entire last week. So there were signs.
Follow our sisters in RSC and Phi Lamb!!! and
anything for my sister/twin :) #sundayfunday??
I am looking for some new followers...who's with me....I'm not famous, I don't often say anything funny....that aside, who's with me!?!?
Happy 100th Birthday, New Mexico!!!
Sounds like a hot Friday night! - MT : Just lubricated 's ball joints. They were showing excessive wear.
"sounds of digital" Plastic Gears Media (BMI) Scenic Records artists Wzard and DJ Toxic Dust. Andre' Harris Publishing Company, LLC.
I. Cannot. Sleep. This sucks. I'm so effin tired.
The countdown to Cinco ends today; join us starting at 6pm for the Tin Lizzy's Cantina Cinco de Mayo celebration!
Trying to understand her motivation - is she a grandma yet? I believe Ben's married, no?
Fck that hoe ass nigga. He can suck a mean sick dick for all I care.
three hours of the office on tbs makes tuesdays bearable
Hanson at a bar. Well that's just unreal
Holy Santa Claus Shit! Did we just get on a winning streak?? YUP! Wanna go do karate in the garage?! Uh-huh!
Wow, Just found my friends on here! Welcome, don't be shy, you guys have tons of good info to share, you are a welcome addition!
nice to meet you Pam! Do you live in the DFW area?
I thought so too. Just think...if you stay in Europe someone can write about you in 103 years.
I should not be up this early in the morning >:[
I asked you first. Yodel-yodel-lady-who!
Another one.. google buzz goes byebye
I had enough saved for 3 mos and it took me that long to find a job. Seattle is a totally different job market though...
@ Natl Archives - in line to see Declaration of Independence. What a way to celebrate 4th of July weekend!
Everytime tweets about missing , I wonder why.
Monetize digital content you create! photos, music, ebooks, create your own magazine spread...www.whoorli.com
Wasn't talking bout you stupid -.- I was talking bout her.
Where did you get this line? All I see is Icasa +0 at -126. Duque is +0 at +111. Did you accidentally reverse the play?
Nice! Congrats!
I haven't even started publishing my AI research yet, but I will next year. I have a couple secret projects on tap.
In point pleasant <3 happy mothers day mommy :*
Pray for japan! The country is definitely hurting all we can do is pray!
how was your day? (:
i'm totally bummed. i could only get together about $250
tomorrow, March 24th. At 8:00 am Tumamoc hill. We meet up at safeway on St. Marys & Silverbell
The bill is projected to expand coverage to 36 million uninsured, resulting in 96% of the nation's eligible population having insurance.
Good luck to all the STAND members who will be on the hill today lobbying a third of the senate for #Syria sanctions.
OMG!! I READ THAT BOOK ;D IT WAS SOO GOOD!!! I think there were like 2 other parts but i didint read then ;o
Thank you very much, I apologize for the change, but sometimes you have to do what you have to do. (Cont)
for as many books that you read you sure are an angry fucker. :o)
now how about the preparty?
u welcome:-) , thanku
The Kings draw well when they have exhibition games in KC.
Thanks for the RT!
sources say there is no wifi there.
Rub a dub dub... we got along with setting up shop at fEASTival 2012! Excited to have you, ladies!
Finished my take on "The Friendly Beasts" for a Christmas comp-will have details on it's release soon!!
Watch The Encore of Tony Duran lead actor & #Pittsburgh native Gene A. Pietragallo tomorrow morning on KDKA Pittsburgh Today Live
My pants are starting to fall off of me! Guess all of this hard work is paying off!
Near the front and not by annoying people? OH YEAHH!
very true my friend
DH tonight; nothing to contemplate other than Kennedy's ponderous buttocks.
No. I wanted to make more. But I've been keeping busy. I got sick off & on over the winter, so I forgot about my VLogs too.
I don't think LFG is the magic bullet people think it will be. If it is not cross-server, low pop will still make it hard.
it just got real .
I've been know to dance to the bandage girl music from in my kitchen.. I don't think would expect anything less..
No, actually I was srs. What are you going to do (besides check w/ srsly real #s)!
EMBRACE YOUR "YOU" NESS being different is one of the most beautiful things on earth.
OMG THE SONG ON #AUSTREAM DHFHHQHFEQFEFTFDGFDHH
everyone in #educ5224 and #csc207 should get rid of the egg! Nice job
Jealousy nd money welcome to my world
Yesterday a 2 year old ran me over with a vacuum. Today she is "cooking" me dinner and dessert. And just informed me I had a phone call.
Quality over quantity
That's pretty exciting. What's involved?
I wanna see on a Cockiness remix with That shit would be tough
Surfing was awesome!
Hear No Evil, Speak No Evil.
wanna roll in2a ball&cry my eyes out listening2 cus thats the only thing that will make me feel better right now
hey ladies make sure to read your messages, and have a beautiful day!!!!
made it..thanks chica!
RT - Chris Berman Making That Woop Noise As The Jacksonville Jaguars Fall Into The Earth's Core
In 2002, many/most of our existing friends weren't connected, so not surprising ratio would be different.
19 years ago tonight my best friend and I saw Chaka Khan seriously blow the roof off of Avalon, Boston - a memorable gig.
Brilliant. | RT : Holographic clothes on hot days.
My 4-day weekend officially begins... RIGHT NOW! :-)
Thank you for your service and keeping America safe.
Oh shit is about change..along with the people around me
I gonna get so much shit tomorrow for losing
not a whole lot how about you :) did you vote for us yet?! :D
Moo has never tasted so good. Mo
Doing laundry !!!! I know its not funny !
Let the Diamond do the work while you handle the rest!
Many long-established colleges are offering online education seeing its umpteen benefits. They are merging it with mainstream work
so jealous you're going home!! I miss the valley! lol have fun!
Today is the day! Headed to Memphis this evening to compete in the International Blues Challenge!
I'm out of fucks to give.
"THAT IS WHY WE SPREAD THE PEANUT BUTTER FIRST!" - Something I can imagine myself screaming at my kids at some point.
Happy Birthday :)
: Apple didn't make the decisions that would've helped me obtain an iPad;
So many changed on me, so many tried to plot.
Ouch ": Scanner: In the middle of an emergency test at the airport, one of the injured actors actually broke her ankle"
It's wack, now. They've dumbed it down to typical sitcom humor. The first and second seasons, though? Untouchable...
okay thanks(:
haha I want to be in a medieval drama RT careful Katniss
is at work and ready for the freezing, cold weather! Ready for the BCS title game: Texas vs Bama! Hook Em Horns baby!
visiting and today with miss ! it has been a while since we have roamed the eastside :)
it almost always is - examples are countless!
Good morning everyone!!!!
Posting 's April calendar within an hour.
#Imagine Liam's on Skype with you. He blows a kiss in front of the webcam. Liam:''I got to go now sweetheart. I love you!''
LIVE entertainment tonight - Oakville gracing our stage Friday night at 10pm until close!
okay, cause i'm thinking another vacation is MUCH needed (:
BIG surprise coming up Jeremy...can't wait to share it with you!
Doesn't know why my upstairs neighbors think that midnight is a good time to move furniture.
I think your shits are protected
via - Investigators Blame Stupidity For Area Death
thanks for the shout mang!!
I can't say I ddnt think that as well.
YESS SIR AM DOWN.!! I WANA GET KNOWN TOO =)
It's not the mileage, but the idling that kills your engine.
Play Boy, but of course were not going that far into detail LOL
I'm willing to go to OC for VO work!
90's cabaret! This is really making me miss old music.
kI have 3 parakeets & 1 lovebird. When they hear the outside birds in the am they go crazy, as early as 4am :s
Brainstorming ideas for possible poster presentations at IACRL but I'm not really sure where my brain is headed...
Without love, the rich and poor live in the same house.
haha! we're weird ! we have P.E 7th grade boys! they were climbing trees
Happy opening day! We feature the MLB package. All games for all fans.
I'm content with the clippers getting knocked out while the old lakers do as well:)
Krick's speech describes the transformation of Jackson's image from unbalanced & untalented to "god-like" hero after success in the valley.
AE trimming contract w Asplundh passes
Every one please give my wife a follow
experimented with home Ubuntu to see if I should upgrade work from 11.04. Survey says: BZZZZZZZZT. I *like* the taskbar.
That was AWESOME. Thanks!
A great crowd right now waiting for Ron Rash to take the stage
MY DOG WAS is #hermaphrodite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! aaaaahhhh! they found tht out when she got nutered/spaded.........that explains why she lesbo
I really need to find a way to sleep at night
Getting a logo or brand name tattooed on you is so stupid
Natalie it's minor at best. Reality TV gameshows don't have close to the same spoiler-free window as scripted.
RT : If u seen Animal House, the black band at the Frat Party is what we'll be like 2nite in Miss.it should be funny.
Thank God for letting me se another morning.
Less Than 24 Hours Left Being Here..
Bahahaha x] I love you x] RT: : Lol I changed my name to Muhammad .
take on at 7:30 Catch it on 52 LCD's
what do you have on your collar bone then? just curious
only a matter of time and the right price here in US, already on MLS jerseys....
The worship band at this church has a keytar.
Thinking of her as always. Never leaving my mind
just seen this new movie called "joy road" good fuckin movie.
All i want to do is go home and go to the concert.
I'd say about 5.
This kinda thing is unacceptable.
I can't not wait until I get my license <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099>
Me too, and I need yoga back in my life. Been feeling tight, muscles and spirit alike. (gah! sorry for the assonance overload!)
Great things on the horizon for #SymphonyCrack ..stay tuned..
I'm in Rockland..holler
Want to add a book title to today's #JustRead timeline?
New rule of journalism: Mind your browser tabs. That's just hilarious. What happened with the jr. writer?
Need to get away already this Monday? Escape and grab a bite to eat @ The Goat! Serving breakfast tacos 'till 11 & regular menu all day!
Yeah, but the bad trades make the good ones easy to forget.
just got some unreleased heaters from and to play at and the rest of my tour. Ugh.
Playing hotel angeleno tonight with great singer Toni Peete! Sunset and the 405, 9pm, no cover.
Can't wait to meet up with my bestie today! Food & drinks!!!!!
-BD- I was thinking the same exact thing! You read my mind!
London rocked - great turn out and 4 contracts will be offered to the soloists who have written and copywritten their lyrics with BMI
anytime, guys! Brilliant playing.
Pissed off fuck u jersey jean short wearing fuckers
Thanks for the excitement, hope you enjoyed!
WHAT DO YOU STAND FOR
i think i should meet . that would seriously make my life . :)
#Badgers are losers
lol I couldn't help myself
OH: shake weight with a party hat
#now playing Wale "More About Nothing" Mix tape!
i did
If it aint money u talk ya ass off
Much respect to for playing Colorblind on the Local Buzz. Support local music! Holla!
Swung through my old stomping grounds and saw & and met some cool folks.
Thank you for passing it along:)
Check the film out on Facebook for behind the scenes pics and news
Asian American Film Festival, Mill Valley Film Festival, Film Arts Foundation, Twitch Films- just to name a few.
I have the sweetest little boys in the whole world! I am a lucky dad... :)
interesting fact there.
Why were the police ever issued with pepper sprays? Surely this will lead to the creation of more seasoned criminals.
Jaleel was good
#vsa2011 Opening remarks about professional sports tickets<museum admissions called an erroneous comparison. Love respectful disagreements!
We could've Skyped again but I went to bed early last night because I got like an hour of sleep the night we did Skype -_-
& i'm done with your lies.
Wow, just unloading tonight!!!!!!!!!
oh hell no, your tripping me and you will fuck around and get lost in the woods up in Naca-nowhere!
Another FREE shaker cup: What is a benefit of taking GNC's Triple Strength Fish Oil?
Am I the only one that is *slightly* overwhelmed by this idea?
follow me austin!! <3
Ladies, as you tweet with our class focus, please don't forget to include #HRD2011UR so that we may track our conversation stream. Thxs.
uh oh.... What's that mean for us now?
I feel bad now because I noticed it and figured it was intentional.
ha yup she was walking me through it at the beginning
The more success comes your way the more they will hate
Latin star Rubio marks Cinco de Mayo at Jazz Fest
Draft time...
RHP Chad Durbin on the mound for the Indians in the top of the 11th. Game tied 3-3 #MLB #A's
i hate dogs ...
When you see warning lights come on in your car, do you ignore them? Well, don't. By performing routine maintenance and checks, you...
The noise I just heard from upstairs was like if a dog learned how to walk on the ceiling and then did a flip and landed on the floor.
Kevin Durant! For the game winner!
A great guy w/ his players..but "love will make u do wrong, love will make u do right!" *in my Al Green falsetto*
Why do talking heads act like Blacks and Latino/Hispanics are homogenous voters? We vote our self interest just like Whites!
I've got it in my hot little hands. Thanks guys.
Thanks for the follow We look forward to working with you!
Thank you for reading it!(:
it's on Rolling Stone's website!
When nights are cold & stars are few, I close my eyes & think of you. A silent hope, a silent tear, a silent wish that you were here.
thanks for the follow!!
so sorry we missed each other too. to be honest the whole show was a blur and i only spent about a day there. whoops!
Plea to Google Books: measure the ratio of inked to blank space for every work in the corpus! Proxy measure for luxury?
It feels so damp and cold in the city today
i lose all my hope , can you hold me ? :') im not strong enough !
An invisible red thread connects those who are destined to meet, regardless of time, place, or circumstance. The thread may stretch or...
RT : Q2b) How do you reign-in a SME who is providing too much complexity & detail?
Cough, Cough Apple TV.
Lion King (:
a school the bans formals is a school that bans life.
Well, #UDgrad11 is over, and is returning to normal. Come into Saxbys for a Frolatte or Iced Coffee to cool off!
Morning reading...
Yes! RT : are the labs open today??
A #HealthySmile tip from Kravitz Dental: Get your kids started with proper oral hygiene early! It may save their smiles as adults.
BREAKING NEWS!
Downton Abbey? Maggy Smith is amazing.
Do you know what the difference is between LASIK and PRK?
Yeah I was sold on #Spotify after one song search.
Beautiful evening for a burrito on 23rd!
RT : A1: collaborating means collab'ing with bloggers/designers to create a #winwin scenario for all biz involved.
Slooooowwwesssttt goodbye ever continues. Just realized we move one week from today!! #PurgatoryIsAlmostOver PS - I love you all.
More X-Flight coverage is preparing for take off (read video uploading)!
fresh out da box lolRT : Boy I'm brand new...
"I always make friends with writers so they will write me in something. But writers are always so weird" said the douchey actress.
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless Having a ride or die girl
I once had a life … then some idiot came and told me to make a Twitter!
You Ballin... But You Wearin A Walmart Swim Suit... Girl
"The implications on applications such as cryptography and on the general question if human creativity can be automated would be profound."
I'll be there too! Should be a sweet holiday party!
Skipped all 3 alarms, got up at 9:58, miraculously made it to my class on north campus w 5 min to spare
;). so where are you from?
that scene was awesome
thata girl:) I'll even break out the classic slip n slide lol
I hate myself for not answering tweets. I read every single one and answer you back in my head.... for what it's worth :(
you know how I do
Wow! big news! Americans are mostly sympathetic to Egyptians protesters
Nice move LBJ
streaming Lauryn Hill live @ Coachella...wow!!!
Yep. It's 80 degrees in my office again.
Definitely don't understand why they sell HD TV's without HDMI cable. Should it come with?
We’ll be showing the Manchester City/Manchester United #soccer match at 2pm & will have a Fish & Chips special
welcome, Michael! Glad you like them!
i want a purple fruit shoot
"Karl Rove-Linked Group Targets 'Celebrity' Obama" #huffpost Because US Presidents are usually unknown.
NEVER trust a man wearing adidas warm up pants and a leather jacket.
Category 23-C winner is Everett Salyer, Dan Lindberg Big Ten Network
Irritated already ..
Well said
Salt the earth; there's too much sugar.
"don't make any plans June 2nd, we're going out, you need to work" HAHAHAHHAA YOU'RE FUNNY LIKE IM GOIN TO MISS 1D YOU MUST BE MENTAL
In da studio tryna put it together, working fa magic ;)
I hate the tokken "yelling loudly at losing team" guy, tonight there was a Pens fan yelling at Philly fans even after the loss. Dude, STOP!
Love when your/MY junk is worth cash. Googled the front end. 1940/50 Huffman, the emblem is going for $110.00 bucks. Paying for the build :)
Okay. For real this time. Going to bed lol
I thought she could actually cook :-(
so I'm wondering when is my next movie debut?!? Lol
Like a moth to a flame!
Are you coming to Portland yet?
Q3: Hell no. I don't trust chemicals.
Sex can fix EVERYTHING !
ah im bored
I don't care about Tim Tebow's dogs name, what kind of milk he drinks or that he was born in a fucking manger please give me #Jets news
It's up there on our sports page. Be sure you hit the sports tab (as opposed to the longhorn tab that it sometimes defaults to)
Just about 2 put some on! #music ...So good 4 the Soul!:) RT : The perfect distraction for #Pisces is music.
At night I cried my pain over a heartbreak but then in the morning I woke up with a smile on my face cus I knew I'm not going to be stressed
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking to network with other actors. And find a mentor in the business. Fb love the game
watching Tangled with my baby... I don't care what anybody says, the Disney princess movies have some of the sweetest stories!
is heading to Louisville for some horse race this weekend. And yes I have carefully coordinated my hat with my outfit. =)
Must reset internal clock. LA time is not Texas time. I want to sleep!
TechTidbit RT: Opting for a different ISBN for each format/format type is safer than NOT. Differentiation is the clearer approach.
she looks like trouble
ironically it's his heart that's broken RT “: We wish John Edwards a speedy recovery so he can go to prison in good health.”
ASK QUESTIONS!!!!
Yes! RT : Are you part of the 70% of consumers who use a "second screen" (tablet, smartphone, etc) while watching TV?
Nuts. Now behind everyone since I am watching from DVR now
Nice! As my grandma in ABQ would say, thank goodness it's a "dry heat".
Open communication makes things easier.
Thanks for shout out!
Spent all my money in 30mins lol oh well
Just go into Settings and change it.
I know!!!! I miss our nonstop laughing session!
Have maybe done it twice in 5 years.
ah 9 minutes till austream YA :)
Tweeting to annoy
“: #WhatNotToSayToThePolice "Get out of the car!" "I'm drunk, you get in."” lmfaooooo :') <U+E412>
Being responsible and disciplined and healthy really matters
I love reading your texts, and just smiling.:) <U+2665>
So exciting! Have the most fabulous day, Laura!
Good morning! It looks like I maybe finally done with being sick. I'm not as tired as I was before. I'm just ready to get my life back!
I'm just glad I've been doing it right all these years!
debuted his new CD Tresspassing this week, he's on tonight
What happens in western Denmark stays in western Denmark.
"Today's Affirmation should be...???"
!!! : don't call me bout nuffin on twitter, unless it's business related.
Please do. We've been doing more lately to make student learning more visible around campus. We're glad to share!
The Badger alum I am hated you, but as a Packer fan - welcome aboard sir, excited to have you!
Looking forward to it! Just setup, space looks great!!
Oh man. That hurts.
Climbin in the gold lex, diamonds in the rolex . . .
love it! i'm going to start it in a few weeks when i have a little more down time. what's the outcome, are you feeling great?
In some cultures, true love was thought to be incompatible w/marriage.Others considered it good if love developed after marriage
Mayhem Nation: What impact do you feel that will make on the going forward? Best responses get RT's.
Kepler Lucas :Why? Because I can.
Ok i am most definitely not as good at #Starcraft as before
Happy Thanksgiving! :)
Rondo one board away from a triple double
ugh. Ansay, Milwaukee and cat references? That's too much to stand.
#realtalk RT : I see niggas tweet right before i knock out wake up next morning the same niggas still tweetin
o i c
Making a lemon cake with my little brother for my mom (^_^)
When my dad is drunk <
How soon before Veras' arms falls off?
There is nothing like seeing the first of your childhood friends get married.
Saturday... Kallie has squashed any chance of sleeping in this morning!
spaghetti or lasagna?
sounds awesome, got the dm! See you then(:
you tell uncle Rick I said what's up and that he has good hair
lets commit the perfect crime. ill steal your heart & youll steal mine? <3
Thanks Lee. We need to catch up soon.
#cosign “: I miss . I hope he didn't die”
what crazy girl?
#GirlsFavoriteLine "Suck my dick"
#np Tegan & Sara - Back In Your Head
I'll find some!
Agreed. I usually forget to switch to be the library when I post on our FB page. Delete, switch, and repeat.
4 more days.
jeeze why do i keep you around.
sorry about the weather!.. But have a great day!:-)
My man taking over my phone bye twitter
Oh okay
- Thanks for the follow, #ifollowedback!
I feel a blessing coming in my spirit :)
I'm toast
(Can DH scholars break the habit of defaulting to "English and history" as the only mentioned disciplines in dh meta discussions?)
Look at chu go ;D Looks amazing :)
saban a great coach, only wish he was still at LSU
Thanks! RT '83 appears in the movie One For The Money opening this Friday, Jan 27th.
When you're busy celebrating 's 75th birthday on Friday, spare a moment for me and my measly 37th.
Thank you for the follow too! Happy Sunday!
Have you taken the GMAT test yet?
Y females want to fuck da Nigga with da nice car? When u have to fuck him at Ur house cause he stay with his moma....cause that note so high
Using a marker for two seconds & somehow managing to get marker all over your hands.
Another shitty sunday for the eagles
Tip of the day: if you would like to crash without a car then try coffee.
Aggressive panhandlers harass workers & visiters throughout #Atlanta and the police crack down on...Food Trucks.
Happy bday big homie....you doin #'s MILWAUKEE NO BULL #TRIFE LOOK
please advise if you have anything near O'Hare, Des Plaines, Norridge, Park Ridge, please. Thank you. :)
Thanks! Come back soon.
First break from gigs in weeks! And what am I doing??? At home practicing my guitar! Last place I wanna be right now is at a club or bar!
Everything I think of is a dream, everything I say is incorrect and everything that I wish for is impossible
This year 49.5% of full-time arts positions were cut from Baltimore city schools.
Two hours till Beanpot. GET PUMPED GET READY. EAGLES ON THE WARPATH!!!
It's The Spongebob Movie :)!!!!
Wish I was in NY right now for shutterbugs + !
Shit thts when everybody gon call askin 4 ridesRT : I need to hurry up and get this new car so i can leave everybody alone lol
#3WordsForYou I love you
Yikes! We are in charge of the work for next work. Now I'm freaking out. Have you talked to Sheryl?
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea? Spongebob squarepants! Who died in an oil spill becuase of BP?
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
And they are all black....#damn. Lol
Yeah it does! hahaha
Just struggling
Oh dear! (And various other incredulous statements not approved.)
You teach people how to treat you.
In manhattan, tcb, knockin out a double-show 2moro check the site for details,holla my tweets had been locked but now unlocked, follow me!
Txt you when i'm about to get released and get no response -__-
Off to do a little shopping in the city
Yes u better make ur grand entrance
Margaritas are the new bloodies! Come cure your hangover!
nice! A friend of skj's is going to go there for film, I think! Where is it in the city?
Tweeting on Twitter about eating with a twit
Marcus and Bill are dressed the same
I haven't heard name in the same sentence with "defense" in my life! I still think he has him confused with Curt..
I hope not u can so mean at times lol
Cool and quiet day in LA. I think a movie is in order.
Facebook has acquired Instagram, the popular photo-sharing application, for about $1 billion in cash and stock //
MT : .: re. "Debates in DH" Why a book? twitter=proprietary; conversations are being effectively lost
so who wants to see marina and the diamonds with me
Happy Mother's Day!! I hope you have a great one! Xoxo
Our Greek system is da bomb.
just got from school lol fun i saw people today making out in the hall way boy and boy and girl with girl i told them to get a fucking room!
New condom slogan: Wrap it in latex or she's gonna get your paychecks.
lol really? Like what
Anyone in SoCal think it was the start of the apocalypse from the power outage?? Any stuck now knows...there is a need to be prepared ;)
thanks for ignoring me mother ! -.-
Paddle boating with kids today on Lake Accotink. Thinking about cardboard boat regatta?
It really is hit or miss, though. Some pub work is simply a chore & parties involved don't always mesh/pull their weight.
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :When BearBear pretend sleeping, Roxie sleeps too.
What should I do for my mum for mother's day? Besides make her breakfast.
This is all without CPR potential savings and includes deferred maintenance that the city council just voted to fund!
well i had a beautiful nap :)
It seems like they're giving Q a year of having things his way. If it doesn't work...he's signed his own pink slip.
I still wake up white in a city that ain't - Councilman Thomas J. Carcetti
Good to see. More correlation than causation, but that's what good teams do—guys want to know they'll play everyday.
yayyyy happy birthday!!! Woooot love you girl
Next stop on 's birthday bar crawl: Lucky Bar
Make sure you're checking out U-T San Diego for all your weekend breaking news, written by yours truly.
thank you! Its hardcopy for now, but may include digital too.
I've been here for quite some time. Twitter's a place where you complain about everything and no one wears pants..
kickball then learning how to drive :O
If you don't think Obama was born in America, I've got some ocean-front property in Idaho I'd like to sell you.
#shoutout to all the graduates of MTSU and U of M! Congrats!!! :)
We're working on that Paul...Do you have a connection in the USA who can send you some for now?
Hah! Perfect day in Saskatoon! Not this time of year it isn't. Sorry Saskatooners...but only summers offer perfect days.
Read the full essay in our Spring 2012 issue, available online at noon ET today. (2/2)
Listen Now, I take Forever to do my hair, but not get dressed, cause you know, gotta look good :) <3
Inspiring speakers at the LPR Annual Retreat. Feeling more confident about the future of conservative thought.
I feel that something has changed When I get close! I feel that something happened! I freaked out, I fall in love oh oh oh! <3 <3
yep, i grilled that website like a dog! lol
I close my eyes and I can see a better day. I close my eyes and pray,...pray.
Hey he bought the laptop, he can dispose of it in anyway he chooses!
lol how so
Never's a mighty long time, but not often. I scatter my requests.
Taking son and his family out on the pontoon boat for a ride in the river and the Gulf. Beautiful today! Back to writing later today.
is looking for some awesome designers and developers. Skills: RWD, PHP, MySQL, Rails, JS, HTML, CSS, etc.. Hit me up guys….
you know it, baby!
One of my favorite classes in undergrad! ~PK
Dave Stryker is 1 soleful fellow. There's a well-oiled system @ work here. As "Lungs" would say, "Gimmie a gig!" Bless U, my child.
you think so but no they aren't.The new pics of Justin show his sad face and this tweet he deleted.Selena deleted her instagram
Barely anyone is in my first period.
*NASHVILLE: Tommorow! *TWITTER TUESDAYS: STAR MODELS & BOTTLES NIGHT* EVERYBODY FREE TILL 11P/$5 TILL 12A! <Please RT
It's about time! ^_~
I feel what you feel, I see how you see but I can't always fix it.
Kiss me, I wasn't loved as a child, I mean I'm Irish
thanks for the followin back
Iguazu Falls in Argentina. A must-see!
In 1992, the space shuttle Endeavour completed its maiden voyage with a safe landing in the California desert.
witnessed two rollie pollies going at it on my mailbox .... awesome.
Hahaha :D I love how that is trending
I'm working on 2 blog posts about #privatization and some insights for #nonprofits from rational choice theory. Look for them next week!
#fridaylistens is Red Door by CharlesTodd & perf by Simon Prebble. Splendid. +thrilled that smart phone now streams via bluetooth in car!
sleeping freshmen never lie is so pointless.
I am up, whats good.
breakfast for champions!
Liza's been watching that and I've caught a few shows. It is good and Maggie Smith's character is very entertaining.
RT " Getting a shoutout in a speech in front of all these important people #prestigious #TUrepresent"
me and Stephan are going to the beach, you should come!.
Stoked about ArcPy map scripting and automation. #esriuc = good times
RT Emotional eaters often suffer from magical thinking. Thinking only leads to weight loss when it is backed up by action!
whats ya top 5? Mine is married wit, fresh prince, unhappily ever after, seinfeld, friends
The Desert Diamond Cup starts today!! It is also the first round of Match Play...so much to do in Tucson this week!
Best sandwiches in all of Rochester award, goes to... in the South Wedge!
Except you can't sleep on our couch... RT via : At my home away from home
One month ago today we walked away smiling in Pasadena!
thanks you. Sorry.
Too bad I cant watch 106 today.... Still wish I can get a follow frm
no volume whatsoever.
ok on my way to the hideaway not day off
We're back at the office on a GORGEOUS day in San Diego.We have a packed schedule to follow up a busy weekend. Have a great day 4S Ranch!
3 business traps to stay away from. Wrong motives behind your work. Your work negatively affecting others. Mistreating people along the way.
Bye everyone especially Maggie
lol el monte ! Ah havent gone to the SWAAMEE in a while!
Not looking good for the #FLAPanthers... As for the Dolphins? You don't lose a lot drafting Ryan Tannehill.
I’m including cardio and strengh training
BOTWE is my school.
There are moments I am not sure where my life is heading, but I have faith the Universe is leading me in the right direction
Cute boys and great food? #Heckyes ! At #ihop :) With :)
<Door Prize Alert> Anyone interested in winning free wedding hair and make-up ??
It's become obvious that #Anonymous is actually
According to 26% of passionate fans primarily used their mobile device to follow March Madness. I was one!
?? Twitter de
twitter keepin me updated w/d fight lol
R.I.P. Ralph McQuarrie
Discovering new Tv shows
Haha, love the new blog post. One note: as a kid I far preferred the grape Dimetapp. So that grape flavor can stay ;-)
I think you know her!(;
": 39.2B is TTso is that your fake bra size or what? Bitch!" LMFAO! XD made my day lol
I don't know what liberty means. Liberty? I should google it? This is why I was suicidal? Liberty or death?
Integrity is the foundation upon which all other values are built. -Brian Tracy
Wine. That is all.
Just laying down!
Alan: If I hadn't made it clear by now, just wanna reiterate, I am anti-SOPA. I am not speaking for the rest of LEI Mobile, just me.
Only to the extent that we expose ourselves over and over to annihilation can that which is indestructible in us be found.
My parents are so
i wonder i has had time to watch the harry potter marathon on abc family this weekend <3
Im still holding on, even if you already let go.
Go check out buds in Brothers Loyalty! they just put up a new song and it's really sick!
This year for sure...no date to announce yet
Um... excuse you, XiuminOppa. But, didn't I say that Tao was one of them that you were NOT allowed to bias? -.-
preciate it my g
I am trying my hardest to feel better before the Easter festivities on Sunday. This is Jade's first Easter. We need to get her a treat. :)
Just thinking about you makes me feel sick..
Relational hour with Hsaio, and starting now
31 emails to schedule a 5-person mtg? Totally rules bc I get to try out a new email sig each time. (I.e. "Sent by future you.")
Treat a girl How you would your mom!
Thanks for all the mentions!
I talked so much crap about ebooks before... Omg...
Wow... that's just... I don't even know what to call that. Excessive?
I wonder what it's like to not hate your job.
Penn State will have Division 1 Womens' hockey next year. Girls have played in my son's league for 10 years.
a black guy in Harry potter.
Sell or Hold my Gausman orange at 100.00?
hahahah, this is honestly complete bullshit.
Live Stickam acoustic set. Saturday at 5pm central! :)
LOL!!! Please forward to your friends and see if they can use it to. Lol
Ok going back to read more of my book now
Dear ESPN announcers: the clock stops on the timeout which you will see their Head Coach does not immediately call
Some people had high hopes that given how union support went down Alvarez might be more moderate than either Hueso
If it were natural for father to care for their sons, they would not need so many laws commanding them to do so.
Pshh modest people
nice, how long are ya in town for?
Best news! Triple neg evolved to ER. That's rare. Gives more treatment options & better odds. Cartwheels happening over here.
RT : You never know how much you really believe anything until its truth or falsehood becomes a matter of life and death
i sure know how to make things akward when i want u.
Time Ta Turn Back Ova
Lol RT : That awkward moment when kids see a toy they want on TV but the can't get it because their parents must be 18 or older.
Love the Chick-Fil-A shirt, lol. :)
It also bites you in the ass by coming when you really don't want it
nah not every, I feel offended
So glad to see John still going strong after all of these years...his music is timeless...peace,blessings...
I'd love to see the #Packers in the flesh in London but would be pissed off for all the loyal fans in the states!
I'm so glad I'm that friend you go to when you need a wig.
bahahahahha u too funny!
Why would you talk shit about someone who's actually nice to you? I mean c'mon, you already have like no friends at our school.
Well good for you... we were on Memphis hit #SanAntonio under large made a little cash in the NBA today
Watching Punk'd lml :-)
Making ricotta pancakes again, to uh, get better pictures ... Or, maybe just cus I'm hungry :) #yumminess. Ah, the life of a
Im having a lot of fun right now :)
me n my girls did our nails tonight ..priceless moments with my babies
GO FOLLOW THE LOVELY SHE'S MY TWITTER BFF! <3<3
its at Indycar Nation under Fantasy. You need a free membership if you don't have one already.
I hear ya! RT : So bored with talking about the Facebook timeline. Its the Y2K of 2012.
so its my biRthdAyz todae..so far great, well cuz i'm alive..Lol but cant wait going to see a show laterr on ^_^
HAHA… this is funny. #TexansEast Can't wait till y'all come back to Houston : Congrats to my boy he is a raven
We'll be finishing up with recording for our 1st studio EP for release at Saturday. Can't wait to have this done for you all
I have struggled with my family taking my biz seriously too. They are finally getting it :-)
If i do a Sequel to My Secrets what should i call it?? Give me some ideas and i will start writing it tonight <3 ~Leanne<21
Heading to Ocean City, MD this afternoon for a conference. I haven't been to the beach in almost two years, so I'll take what I can get.
OK, we can match the $159 cost + shipping. You'll have to call in. 1-800-589-4487
I want some chocolate now!!!
PSA: men if yall gin walk with ya feet out wearing flip flops on, please be kind and not have nasty toes or foot fungus!
=] RT : Currently chatting with a librarian. I can also call, email, tweet, or text! WOAH! Go :)!
fog. Buses can't pick people up.
bet you leading by a lot again keep grindin', spot on the tape will be locked ASAP
"I am so enthralled my God's beauty." Please tell me you have seen that video on YouTube.
Cooking Class @ cookingfools.net "Basic Baking Techniques: Pies and Tarts" Sun 1/23 11 am - 2 pm #Chicago, #recipes,
Bella - just bc your fiance is over 100 yrs old doesn't mean your dress needs to look like it is.
I expect some drunk tweets tonight.
Places I would not want to be right now: anywhere within 25 feet of Peter Laviolette
#oomf made me want a pb&j sandwich
Back to reality. I have tourney tickets for sale for Pbkc's week long series starting 5/12, 6 different tickets for sale between $235-$555
This passengers gone wild is some crazy biz.
I think i'm being followed.. might be just a delirium of persecution)
That's fitting, because you're a dreamer. We can't dream with you or we won't get any work done! Stiff upper lip.
#PhillySportsTalk Do you think #Eagles can ever win a Super Bowl with Mike Vick at QB?
Well only when you're a good girl ;) & just go to bed love! <U+2665>
It's only Tuesday? grrr....this week has to get better or I will go
off to my summer job
I'll be a Celebrity Corespondent along with Radio Disney Daphne Blunt October 2nd for "NY in Hollywood" www.eopf.org-
Just met Tabitha from Salon takeover !
Does your pharmacy give you the type of customer service you deserve? If not, give Hieber’s a try. Over 150 years in Pittsburgh!
Wow! That's a sweet look. Mental note made.
keep it?<--- If you have even the slightest morale conflict call Waste Mgt....i'd keep it
so glad I changed. If my library required training to use then it isn't user friendly. Agree with you
Trent Dilfer: I can't see the Patriots making the super bowl... A few more like that and
Thank you (:
Day started with "America's Game" (92 Cowboys), Super Cross Highlights and NBA Basketball the rest of the day! :)
“: Smiling in the middle of a kiss .. <U+2764>” You kno ur happy with them
Thunder taking the west and Bulls taking the east
A big happy birthday to Jackson Moran! From all of us in The Break Room
education needs to be: Learning about. Learning to do. Learning to be. Learning to transform. This is the learning ecology.
Now, now #PatsHead “: ... really? Clemson-and-FSU-to-B12 rumors again? Really?”
Frosting the Commander
I do all my own stunts...
I hope that gonna be alright...
I thought I already followed you!!!
RT : 102.5 Fm Dallas is playing. We Serve A Mighty God by &
I chopped onions to cure my suppression. Didn't work, just have bad breath. :/
hahaha your a dork and you dont even grab my hand first Lol.!(x
Sometimes "showing up" is all that is needed...
Laker Playoff Game Central @ Sandbar Lounge Long Beach. $2 Brews $3 Drinks $1 Pool Table. 710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806
Thanks Michael
Just downloaded the new Evri Android app, it's really nice, simple. Could really use some images or videos though.
": After catching up with Game of Thrones it's safe to say it's impossible not to want a pet wolf"wish I had one right now
Laser hair removal has quickly become the best choice for hair removal because it is non-invasive & permanent!
its okayy, upload all of our pictures to facebook!
Searching for a 16-22 year old pop singer to join a pop group in Boston, MA. Email
Ask me if I like something
Will definitely post pictures! I had the best experience at They were so nice!!
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: disabled vehicle Southbound I35 at 183
Welcome to Twitter, ! You and your #Indy radio goodness. :)
i'm such an awesome big sister, if i do say so myself...
"is it surprising that today we have become so morally blind that we save the baby whales cost,&murder millions of unborn children?"
It's the 2nd anniversary of your 21st! Make it a good one, old man :) : My last night of my life being #41. #42 - please be kind.
45 minutes bike ride , check !
Are you in NY now??
Thanks for the FF, Brian! How 'bout those CATS at BBM tonight!! Can't wait for season to start!
dude! You were amazing last night!! It was really great meeting ya :)
Beatriz Terrazas is a fellow Macondista. She and I were in a nonfiction workshop at the Macondo Workshop of 2008, but we didn't get a chance
One burb. Drivers seem to hate and ignore bikers. May be a commuting thing, too.
How is everyone
you have tried waiting on someone to give you something...that didn't work...now try going out there and getting it your own self!
The song closing time has been stuck in my head all day
Look at it this way, you've just doubled the topics you can talk about on your blog. ;)
Winner by 10s! RT : 20 years to get diagnosed w/ CD; really bad symptoms 4 the last three years
SHARE!!! Were you doing a booty dance on the bow of a yacht??
Thank you lord for loving me and creating me to realize things I never knew and I have a choice to be who I am to this day. I love u God
I saw you last night
seriously? Better? DENVER IS UNIQUE
A day like today calls for
nope never is. lol i went thru mine too. i like drama but the good kind.
Thanks for the RT!
No they aren't wasps there just the regular variety bee! Lol, they hve nest in desert they don't sting just annoying :/
Welcome to the newest member of the 2012 season: Ethan Timmerman (NEW) !!! Next?
Bahaha! RT : Just saw #Caps announcer Craig Laughlin. This mall has everything!
What why? its my birthday
I know all. LOL. From the 1st page of your music that u sent me to. It said Clutch. Dont worry, no Illuminati here. 100
I'm giving 45 min press next week #TIIP4P with 120 slides. (staff was concerned :)
Thank You God for blessing me with another day of life!!! Love to all the mothers across the world!!
RT turn-of-the-century manufacturing buildings become catalysts for development, economic growth.
Yes! Exactly. These leggings are awesomely childish :)
You would bring that back. You an expert at it now??<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
700 per min, or hour , day, week...we can find some demeaning work for you to do.
I work with a great line of facial products that could help you if that doesn't work....free consultation www.hairinthecity.me
Go to tonight! Pick up some groceries and grab some grub at food trucks. is pretty tasty!
And that's a life decision no one can question. At least today.
Lmao thanks asshole I love you too RT : happy mothers day you ugly creature. I love you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
Today marks 5 years in Second Life for me. Some good projects done there, but sadly not enough.
T_minus 3 minutes, its funny i am 32 yrs old and every saturday i count down the minutes until a cartoon starts
LOL no. HAHHAHAA. but I did talk to him for a few! he seriously gives the BEST hugs! xD
hehe... your cool(;
Hope you had a good time.
Gotta keep myself busy or I think I will go crazy
Sorry you have been under some gloom. Sending you good "gloom-lifting" thoughts right now! Lifting....Lifting....Lifting...
Just saw this scruffy looking guy lmao
The more I become aware of my abundant inner nature, the more outer abundance will show up in my life,
mee too mahomie is legit my nickname my friends call me sarah mahone
RT Major storm is developing in SW today, will move from CA to CO today bringing 1-3' of snow to the Rockies!
1927-28 school year: Upper Arlington High School committee chose the name Golden Bears stating it was "attractive, representative & durable"
thanks for helping spread the word Daniel!
Kentucky, UNC, Missouri and Ohio St. - Kentucky winning. What are urs??
RT : lol. How u been << been well man.
Ready for shuttle flyby on the mall and Campus Beautification today!
Cant stop eating banana muffins cranberry i love em all
finishing projects and hitting SEND on the email button feels so good.
wyou can still send them of you want an i'll copy and paste them into the post =)
You can do anything you put ur mind to no doubt about it
@ timeout -- salsa performers on the court!.. national 100, american 97
touches little boys for fun.
I am all about multiple right answers and multiple pathways to them. Terrified colleagues, not so much :(
good...I'll keep my GBPJPY short then
OMG I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU CURSE! hearing you curse someone out was on my bucket list
I have countless vid of harassment from people I don't even know. Like WalMart of all places. And especially the VA Hospital here in Fargo.
Innovation Center ground breaking, #tsdemoday, & next class being formed. Exciting times in Boston! cc
Awee , Where The Baby ?": o i see i'm just coolin in the crib"
Me so hungry! Me want a little child holding a kite to eat! Nom nom nom
Sure hope #uk wins tomorrow. Pressure is on
yes indeed :D :D
SAY, WHAT? BEST NEWS EVER.
Had to get that money huh?
Manchester City fans skanking to Madness' One Step Beyond! So rad!
it's after 10 and I'm not tired.
yeah...? Not centered in the speakers. My engineer told me that.
yeah looks like a good movie.
oh hahaha yeah.. We're totally brother and sister. That awkward moment when...
“: #100thingsilove being treated like the princess that i am <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8>”
Omg Costco craziness!!!
Do you feel comfortable in your own skin?
Really wondering why Cruz or Hammer didnt go an extra inning, esp with Lincoln unavailable.
Bummer! I have lost one before and it was safely recovered. I'll keep thinking positively.
good luck running The Boston today! Can't wait to read you're tweets after the race.
Good Tuesday morning. I proclaim today will be even better than yesterday (much)!
I've saved a table at #BWW and can't wait for the wifey to join me in her cute #Lions shirt to cheer me on!
Shout out to and who I met at. bday dinner. Y'all wish Kayki a happy bday!
good job!
Thanks man! Long time no see. Say hello to Alex and Joey for me.
Never ceases to amaze me how pro athletes act like they don't know what they out in their body. Shame on you Ryan Braun.
Good morning tweeters.
I know you got soul! SOUL NIGHT at The Hideout goes down tomorrow night. Get down 2 Bobby Byrd, Clarence Reid, Marlena Shaw + rare stuff.
will be at the power of women conference
I have you guys on reply all day! <3
Renaissance faire time :)
sometimes I'm afraid I'll lose it, throw the country A-K rack out on the street, go work a tower records and never look back.
It's getting incredibly exhausting to pretend that I have my shit together.
best reply I could ever get.
Its hard for me to drink this Frappuccino rite now..
times like this I really need you the most
lmao your welcome!! ;D
hey Betsy, thanks for following me!
When i saw austins girlfriend i tried to give her hug and then i ran into the mirror and realized it was me opps...
Should "FAX" be capitalized in a sentence? I'm, uh, asking for a friend.
Hoping Betty is not skinny this week on #MadMen. People prbly already did "Body After Baby" feature on
/ All the more to get you BUZd!
Buster in too deep with Clemens/Pettitte RT : Police: Olney double slaying may have been retaliation for testimony...
I'm a real deal, you know how I feel ;;
Then call me a rich woman. RT : "Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets." - Ron Swanson
That's great! Keep up the good work- don't forget the other white meat too!
#Romney ads against #Santorum during #snl as if #snl viewers would even vote for Santorum. Or Romney, I suppose.
Look forward to having you!! RT Checking out tonight!
AGC named an official selection of the 2011 Hoboken International Film Festival
20 When Jared died he was 962 years old.
Yeah can't blame you there! I missed a ton of training because I was sick as hell! Anytime you need someone to box, let me know!
good bye california have a nice dam day
It takes about 63,000 trees to make the newsprint for the average Sunday edition of The New York Times.
Sleeping is far greater than caring. Over this finals bs. Joining the circus instead, after a good night's sleep. Ok bye!
Preparing my grandmas house for today #HappyMothersDay <U+2764>
I can taste
didn't just throw him into the fold. He has also benefited from circumstances. While he was injured, no one really imposed himself at that..
wheel selection for wheelchair?
The Food Stalker Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
no games, Browns have a new starter now who to throw to
Time for some baseball
"knock knock!""who's there?" "NOT SARA!" :D
I always call Region 10:
Let's do this!!
God Damn Jets trade for Tim Tebow you pieces of shit. Fuck you Denver, fuck you Tony Sparano and Rex Ryan, most of all FUCK YOU JOHN ELWAY!
Friendship and money: oil and water.
Stay On The Greenest Greens | Call Us Vegetarian |
you've got mail
Off to the to see the #MastersofVenice. Thinking about writing one of Diderot's hieroglyphs in front of Titian.
what is your user name?
Just saying hi. Hi! :)
jeff says that matt knows that there are butt demons
I don't have to lock my phone shit if I'm wit u lil mama ima let u answer my shit it's nothin I'm real wit mine
you know how to fold????
How was Coachella?
Looks like a great event.
I don't think you can prepackage someone else's success. It seems that he's trying to package one person's lightening in a bottle.
Lookin a little shakey on those skates Boomer. Wait, can I call you Boomer?
go see the cirque du soleil show if you can. 100% inspiring stuff.
Last day of 2011... so what's your plans for the day?
There's an easy way to save money and grow your business. Learn more about the SS&Si Dealer Network at www.SSandSi.com
Nothing like a SAC meeting to spice up your Monday night. Join us at 8 pm on Leavey 3.
Ur mistakes should be ur motivation; Not ur excuses
Thanks for the RT! Enjoy your evening! :)
Its almost Halloween weekend! Excited yet?
I agree. Rewriting is more than half the fun... And more than half the torture.
I will if we ever get tickets!
I will hold yoga donation class to fund CHNM
This is ridiculous....
let the water burn!
But I must shower first. I reek of 'work'.
the spurs got it this year mane
Hot milfs with fronch husband's. What a shame....
He's funny. He's adorable. He's sweet. He's loving. He's awesome. He's perfect. I didn't say a name, but he popped into your head didn't he?
I told Mike to word it different, and I dont know if that stock will go up tomorrow, I dont have any material knowledge
The sun is shining on Experience Naz Day! We hope you enjoy your day and decide to join the Nazareth family.
Upstaging is an art that is so often sold into the worst occupations, cheaply for money.
agreed! Journalists have no taste lol
just heard a 5 yr old stutter out, "video killed the radio star..." haha, awesome
Approved!! A reminder: Fall game is set for the 7th-11th of November.
heey I'm fine thanks! You?x
That's funny. Thanks for the insight, Nicole.
I'm going to miss her
ignore her, she's trolling for controversy.
Instead of using dyer, hang up your clothes outside on a line to dry.
Thats My Place Sweetheart, Some Where You'll Never Belong!
There's a reason for the end. It goes back to who the Cop represents. Thx for watching! We'll def sign up for the contest!
Life or if i'll drown I hope that u see right through my walls I hope that u catch me cause im already falling i'll nvr let r <3
lol first on my list would be Packer season tickets but just read don't bother list to long lol
S/O to my new followers go and follow them
Making head way in our company!!
Thank goodness we still have twitter!
You are awesome.
u kno i hate this song -_____- i saida top ta ta ta top ta ta ta ta top
thanks and you're welcome :p
It's a banana. If it was his penis, it'll be pointing. And pointing is rude. Haha
aw! well i hope things get better for u!<U+2665>
Yeah, officially postponed due to rain...
Looks like facebook's comment system has left the building.
try #Craze? IMO a smoother response than Jack3d, and two scoops is plenty lol
Could be sleeping right now
haha what's mean??
Green, white & gray m&m's for breakfast... the life of a girl!
Trying to edit but all i keep hearing is kathy shouting: Myspace! Trolls 2! Hahaha!
Dux Jones of FrontStreet Records from:
Thanks for the RT! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Dancing tonight.
#RedSox are disappointing me. If I wasn't jazzed up with #nattitude I'd be sadder.
can't wait for Jamie to get off work and see his surprise later!
ugh I can't get over how perfect tonight's episodes were :,)
1960 far from everything. I miss the Galleria area.
also crowns a santacon birthday
I just saw the same thing
I just wanna go home, tan by my pool, drink vodka, and sleep.
Zing MT : the USC football team went to class in full pads today. Assuming story is they went to class, not wore pads.
I bet we don't talk all day :/
I am loving the new Nike NFL uniforms
Appear like you're weak when you're strong, And strong when you're weak.
Stoked for #AWSEarthDay!!
Retooled Chevy Impala aims to shed rental-king image GM today will unveil the long-delayed redesign of the Chevrolet Impala, hoping to tr
Thanks Cindy! and welcome aboard! Do you have a skype account? If so could you add me? art.bwb
The silence makes me think too much :/
RT Man shout out to my bro you still my nigga for life bro
President Obama at #WHCD "I have to get the Secret Service Home in time for their new curfew" . LMFAO
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 45
Hungry den dem homeless niggas downtown
Showed up to be an extra for the fun of it. Shouldn't have mentioned I worked production… next thing I knew, production had stolen me.
Long hair, don't care.
OK NO SERIOUSLY WHAT CAN WE DO TO KEEP #COMMUNITY. Dan Harmon can we all collectively fund you to keep this going for Hulu?
PS: Tummy is feeling pretty much back to normal today. Obviously.
Yo you on Facebook?
Still haven't seen any guys getting hit in the nuts and/or face yet. WTF, Miller Lite and Bud Light?
Yay! I'll see you tomorrow.
what are we having for thanksgiving tomorrow? Each American will gain an average of 5 pounds during the holidays. Is that true?
Seattle, Washington :)
Lmao my mom is so strange she opens the door to my brothers room and stares at him then she goes "your here" lol
Thanks for the mention! via
i did.
So, when the fundraiser was in town on behalf of Keen, he couldn't get one commitment from a single church to help Christian TV in Las Vega…
Someone kill me now! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Songs that don't withstand daily listening for an entire summer: Hotel California.
I am being followed by the son of god!
One of the best rappers alive is mah son NAS
#safewayj4u A way to have relevant coupons delivered to you.
Omfg That Interview Was Tense e.e
what are you moving there for? School? Fam? work? love?
I love them so much!
Hold on to you's guys's butts. Kemler is now invading your Twitters. -Kemmler
All vinyl Afro-Latin set by DJ Josh Babbidge right now crushing
I wonder how many calories that is...
I hope and are doing work on hed look great in Blue and White!
Madrona wine shop & Spanish table!
Anyone else tried jumping between Logic, Live and Digital Performer? Now I have an excuse for being spaced out!
It's raining today...
How was the class? If you got the drive and the passion, you're already a b-girl!
June is just the cutest.
Jose Rijo had five Tommy John procedures before his career ended. That's unreal.
Great Win last night for the Oregon Freshman Baseball Team.....My Son.....CLUTCH!!
Guys do not put the hashtag #1DChicagoSigning in more than once, they will count it as spam!
holy crap how did I not think of the I've cream connection.
in japan there are vending machienes for that :-)
where u at hoe
has too many thoughts and feelings to fit into 140 characters.
That #Caymus will go good with a filet. Enjoy gentlemen!
oh their balls were clean. Mnm mm
I'm jealous of the fresh lettuce & spinach.....I've killed my lettuce seedlings twice this year.
People wearing short shorts while not honoring the great hero whose museum we r going to
Brother pisses me off he always does this shit -_-t
Pulling for the Bulldogs to upset LSU in hopes of mending fence with
Hey, guess what? You should follow me back! ;] Please
we need to!!
I can't believe he doesn't like me, I wish I could drive to him now, and make out with him :'(
College should not be treated exclusively as the NBDL. The system is being exploited by KY. #studentathletes??
One day I will remember earplugs.
I know right? Between tweets, TMZ, and huffington post, I'm done. Commit him already!
that's gotta be a uh interesting book...
Thug life
Apparently I stole David Bowie's bangs in the night.
looking forward to seeing my 8th grade students shine in the #petec12 student showcase tomorrow - ck us out 12:45!
Twitter is soo. Much better then facenook! #NoJoke you guys are my family. 143!!!!
should be interesting to see how things shake out
When my kids become wild and unruly, I use a nice safe playpen. When they're finished, I climb out. ~Erma Bombeck
Watching da heat and new York game seeing how it gone to go
Linked data panel underway at #aam2012 with & P Harpring
I'm so happy lol
im tired af from drivin 8 hours and playin a full basketball game. i think i should sleep tonight.
For general information about Internet Essentials, Parents can call 855-846-8376 or, for Spanish, 855-765-6995.
..is something flying around the room...?? -evelyn mae
he played GOOD!
So I went to go buy new shoes for work and I ended up with a new pair of heels. Oh well their cute!
haha what do you teach?
I'm not sure. Flo Rida will also be on and Saturday Online said he is on next.
Another busy night tonight! See you all out for happy hour!
favorite band is
that's tough brother both terrific
I'm in Gasquet CA
Harbaugh: "I thought it was better than I could have dreamed because they understood the drill tempo."
Offical says that closed main freeway continues at Texas cockfight was found basement for a Man" and his?
Surely the most overused [bridge] phrase 2012: "That said..."
I'm currently working on a couple of scripts & a couple of my "sold" scripts will hopefully be made this year! Fingers crossed...
BOy des females selling theey panties on twitter whats the world coming to...smh
While I know construction is necessary, please note I work in North Brooklyn every weekend.
Drake isn't featured, so of course she's behind. Duh Amir, you know better than that.
If that was me writing A Nigga at 2 sone he would have tired to GET MAD BUT FUCK BECAUSE HE LOVE MAKING OTHA MF HAPPY
Its getting close to the end! Give to the Annual Fund and help RISD students with the end of the year!
u go girl! U can do it!
Burn them.
#NSTA speaker just posed a question wanting to know what we knew about owls.... They deliver the post, right?
Have a goodnight everyone
RT : "All of the good things that have come to me have come through my dog."-Dog owner overheard in New York's Central Park
Let me know when u on ur way here
“: oh shit, yea fuck em hahaah” sorry to randomly throw that in there but I saw Val and reminded me of the bs
Happy Thursday tweethearts, ya girl headed to pin ups... Shake wat ya mamma gave ya!!!!!
heyy boo;* i finally got one ;D
Which is why a balanced budget amendment would be a DISASTER if there was ever a natl security emergency.
Man im bored .
Good luck with your new site. I use a Wordpress template and it's pretty easy to update...
Pretty stoked about tomorrow but first I gotta make I through today.
Thanks for the shout out! We'd love to see for 99¢ Taco Tuesday!
Okay, I'm done. I think(:
lol do u hve school today?
Morning Rock from Chicago! Will you be making your way to The Windy City anytime soon?
for real! LOL
Sounds good! Lemme know so I can put in for vacation asap :)
I don't hate you because you're beautiful. I pitty you because you're pathetic.
Today 54 RSVP tutors will provide 100 hours of tutoring schools.
Metal hip implants to be checked
- I thought I saw one today. Didn't want to say anything, though.
dun you should have no problem
American Idol 2012 - Jessica Sanchez will be singing at the US CAPITOL PBS Memorial Day Concert
Out for the day! put on quite a show. Now to decide if I'll take her dare to graduate without pants on.
very welcome!
Do yourself a favor and stop at Joe's Hot Dogs on Steubenville Pike. Same great hot dogs they sell at Pens games and much more!
haha awesome, that is what we like to hear! Thanks so much Alejandro! :)
Do you know when you'll find out about the contest?
Its only been a few days and ive already run into some fakes.
It wasnt supose to be the joke of the day....but man im weak AF!..
First Kid is not as important a film as Houseguest. He brought a family together.
oh yeah?
Multi Vehicle Crash Affecting all Lanes on i-94 West Bound at MM 240 is slowing traffic. -WisDOT
How ironic would it be if gay Jews didn't get along with each other?
Pay me though.
Its okay take you on Jerry springer beat your ASS legally! :)
BEST CONCERT I'VE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE!!!! Thank you and for a night I'll never forget!
We like RR's. Aren't considering them this time around... We wish we had a big farm and could take in 10 or 20 doggies!
i remember lmaoooo
He brings out the belt. I love it!! RT : Will Sheehey wins the dunk contest.
You are correct.
what a beautiful story.
just emailed some beats
You don't need to have a tax problem, but you do need someone to keep track of your spending before you get audited.
My life flashed before my eyes
gotcha. Maybe i'll be in town for it
At on my way to HOU to present #mobile strategy at #EUCI web self service conference.
Thanks to this fuckhead josh I got a b in English
Light Green Haze >:)
I love how you always mention Kansas in some way in your books. It's awesome.
You are an outgoing hermit? You're confused.
God will not want to know- 'What have you done with (name's) life?, He will want to know- what have you done with Your life?'
So much for that Pittsburgh stop... ": Final three shows of the Ashes & Fire tour starting tomorrow. Best tour of my life. ..."
I don't know what it is about the Fast and the Furious movies but I like them. A lot.
this feeling >
Starbucks or energy drink before work?
oh wow, nah i've only been there two weeks so i don't really know but I'll be sure to let you know
enjoyed the IPA, brown and stout so far
that just means football season is here!!!
but seriously going to make cupcakes bye yall.
At the John Waters show Walker. So much texture but cannot touch. The gallery guides r so good u want 2 touch even more.Tease.
One month to get tan, one month til the wedding
idk who hid the boot, but i like it. really turned my day around
hi! thanks for the follow and great to *see you again. SB
Boston has to get back to running their sets. Either that or the usual, Paul Pierce step back time.
Be trustworthy, n their's nothin I won't do For u...But betray me, n their's nothin I won't do To u¡
they are good staples. I also usually read maisy goes to th library to pk.
That is a chat itself!! Why so many? RT : Mayb cuz 74% of workforce is disengaged
Unfortunately, that flyer no longer is valid. Thanks for checking with us!
that might be an issue :)
Matt Brown with the Greensboro Coliseum is getting ready to take the podium.
I'm sorry... I don't mess with the rain I'll be liking like curly sue out in these streets
Cookin..gym..burning yep
Right back atcha! Everyone needs a little Monday kickstart :)
Thanks for the mention! We're glad you find us noteworthy.
When grows up he's gonna have 5945756 bajillion wifes. Just watch. lol
lmfao, I love that freaking word and I use it as much as possible.. Asshat :-)
Why did Jennifer Hudson's sisters 911 call need to be released to the public?
Matt Martin and Nicklas Grossmann exchange words and a shove after the whistle.
Game time! Geaux Tigers beat Texas tech!
Thought of the day.... if there's fate why does one fall for someone if they don't feel the same???
GO GO GO! RT : Everyone follow the nicest girl I've ever met and love <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00B4><U+274C><U+2B55><U+274C><U+2B55>
Still can't believe my roommate doesn't like watermelon.
U know me.. just doing my thing :) RT“: You are hilarious and I miss you. How are you?”
Please send us any vampire Flashmob ideas asap :)
if it helps Mike we can call it fútbol
“If companies aren’t innovating and growing, they’re dying,” 's reason for Tuesday’s Innovation Summit at #Kodak Biz Park
I'm sure he remembers you both fondly.
oceanside tomorrow goodnight!
I started crying your voice is just soo beautiful.<3:)
With my baby's father. I'm glad he is stepping up and realizing how precious of a person im carrying inside me
Speaking with Dr. Einat Wilf from the Israeli Knesset right now! radiokolamerica.com
Rascal flatts concert tonight :-)
Look at you guys mot!!! All up in my mentions!!! Lol
all this week has been feeling like an Friday to me lol
<3 I seriously love the happy vibes that come from u lol ur like my own happy drug! :-* I miss your cute face more! Whatcha up too!
Bikes and families are assenmbling for #TourDeThursdays with
Thanks for the comment, we definitely packed a lot of #adobebc functionality into the website. What is your website?
Much deserved praise to David Fisk & Jocelyn Adelman (Richmond Symphony - ) for their incredible concert at the VHM tonight!!
Can you imagine managing your own local telephone company? Request our business proposal.
no math ask
Why are there only hot white girls in the pool at the #homerunderby? That's racist, sexist, sizist.....all kinds of ist!
THANX 4 all your suggestions ill check em out keep listening - have a great day
Good friends are good for the soul. Thanks for lunch And for being you. Always a pleasure :)
Follow my friend , new up and coming #salesman & #MarketingGuru for #LegendaryMarketing, about to be doing big things!
Now following
Whoa, the new upload interface is pretty snazzy.
All dat D?
Thanks! It was great meeting you this morning.
RT : Meant to tweet this earlier but go check the Keith Haring exhibit out.
Fakestevejobs cracking me up at
Beautiful day for a drive to sd to visit the fam.
hi bob how r u? ty for accepting my fb req talk soon i hope
I start it when I wake up. Kush, got my eyes pushed, down. Get my bake up.
okey(: let me know when. GAHHHHHH IM EXCITED
breathe in the good air, breathe out the bad air ...
I think pat responded to your tweet
O, I'm sorry! Feel better!
Thanks so much!!!
my tweetpic didnt post last night... weird. anyways, have fun at the
ohh gosh, but you have met him 3x! :D
lmao!!!!!! Hang in there!
they are rare in my life!
lol no but atleast i fought back cx there was like about 15 of them im not even exagerating!
Are you thirsty on this fine Thursday? Stop by our Doral Bar for a cold drink and great food.
What do I do now.
This is way more than I could ever pay. Conferences for me are about 1/6 that.
Ouch! The Trap snapped directly on the little guy's head
Hahaaha what did say that made you say "NO?"
No doubt. Too bad #Francona may lose his job over it. How are the baseball lessons going for you?
Cadets be eyeing me while I eye them while they eye me.
curtain call for bryce harper he acknowledges crowd with No. 1 sign to 1st and 3rd base sides
I've got as my friend on etsy. Who else is out there?
American Idol - Elise made an excellent song choice. Started out ok and was awesome in the chorus. Well done.
That car would be an awesome ride!
Thanks for coming in, Jesse! We hope you're enjoying this afternoon in Baltimore!
oh my :D we thuggin!
<U+266A>The Shame of Quantum Physics - Used To It
I noticed me an have like a similar twit con haha
going away for the weekend =]
LOVE MAKES YOU LOVE THE THINGS YOU ONCE HATE - hyacith aguas
I mean, sure I have a ridiculous amount of stuff to do, but I can always pencil in a nice migraine. No problem.
I was sleeping and he kicked me out ugh
I call that a good start, now get me 3 more #chicago and preferably the next 3
that awkward moment when you look outside and your neighbor is staring straight into your bedroom window
well I'm sorry for everything :/
That boredom
When people try and make fun of you, and you make them come out looking like a dumb ass.
I generally can't sit through romcoms. Though, I did enjoy "I'm Through With White Girls" and "Sprung"
95% of my mentions are for
Wednesday after work it's a good mid point in my week
Sorry, not yet. Soon. RT Do you guys sell/distribute 5gal kegs of your Krankshaft? I'd love to have that on tap next.
"Politics as usual..."
Night all! Sleep well!
I can't sleep.
RIP Dick Clark. New years eve won't be the same with out you!
I am otherwise occupied as a purple duck, or a mountainside or a quarter after three. Who said it?
Thanks for coming by tonight, man. Safe travels back to Seattle.
RT : I don't see why we're talking about this composite thing when clearly the big thing is Obama's letters are HORRIBLE
RT for a name tag :)
lol that's a shame
Nosotros Live at The Martini Tree in Taos Ski Valley, New Mexico this Saturday, February 11th, 4:30PM
Often the only difference between a dream that comes true and one that doesn't is a person that wouldn't give up and one that did.
Oh the HAT is definitely historic! maybe even pre-historic!
RT : RT : Lmfao RT This nigga said my sons black and white I should have named him keyboard *Dead*
Galaxy phones power Samsung to record $5.2 billion profit
Just saw the remake of "The Thing". This time they used real Norwegians :) I liked it a lot, but my favorites are sci-fi/alien movies
The day follows me is the day I die of happiness !
bro you not even following me
RT RT@ SEACityLight: Queen and Magolia affected by outages. 10,666 cust out, no know cause or Est Time of Restoration at this time.
It was NR that really led the charge in getting Trent Lott demoted. (And even #Derb does an "immodest proposal" shtick.)
Assume that's a typo, though sure Handler will be "out there". Maybe even "far out"?
Lmfao lowkey, shit had to many calories :/ lol but it's so bomb<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Last night attended reception for photographers using Hipstamatic at GRIFFIN/DIGITAL SILVER & gary knight in attendance
Everybody beat him with your batons! Oh they're rubber? Use your fists!!!
Did I really just see "Random House" misspelled in my library's OPAC? Really? REALLY?!?
I know I feel sick
Srsly tho if i had a clone i'd force it to have sex with me and then i'd kill it. U know why.
beautiful barcelona
They vary. I only work 3 days per week there, so I still do my thang the other 4 days of the week. When is the baby due?
Packing up my entire room over the next two days. But didn't I JUST move in here?
tony allen is a scrub who cares if he's fouled out put gil in!
thanks for the RT xo
My name is Frank Odia and I am a recruiter. I am looking for experienced RoR developer. Are you open to new oppourtunities?
you thought you were slick today huh lol
That's pretty sweet.
Hangover 2 was good. I tip my hat to them- making an acceptable sequel to a great movie
I just bathed in #SoCal sun. Magical.
Sometimes I think I did too good a job shaping my kids' sense of humor.
Back and forth overtime. GO RUNNERS!
Bryce Harper just went Yard, my life now has a sense of purpose...
Don't forget to set your clocks ahead!
ohh right sorry I just keep forgetin
Tix are on sale for our Artisans' Fare on Nov. 18/19; Indiana's premiere food & drink artisans will B there, like
Hope the History Czar brought you some luck on your history exam!
This lizard in my backyard is a show off! Its doing push ups no lie legit push ups
If you ain't first, you're
You aint slick YOU aint slick...
Very soon tho (:
8 then working the race results/medals! RT : What wave time yall doing ? & I are doing earliest wave!
let's get shirts with stars on them.
Lebron misses two key free throws...
Right.! Oh Well We Cant Do It
Doubling student interest rates on loans guaranteed by the government is DUMB policy.
Home Bank received READERS CHOICE AWARED 2011 by Beach & Bay Press
No answer....
This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment
i love that movie!! Thanks for the heads up :)
And my dream of Wisconsin playing Marquette for the championship is dead.
B i wanna do it with u where u doing it at RT : I hear ya. I'm on day 4 of Insanity and it really is insane lol
#YouShouldBeEmbarrassed if you’re using Facebook as your company’s main website.
so where are we meeting up??
Im bored af
Facebook's photo tab is literally my best friend right now for creeping on all these prom pics
My absolute fave! I am making some tomorrow! My mom will crack up when I tell her what I am making....she made THE BEST!
First try at strawberries. They turned out good I do admit.
- I'm bad at this - ack - Yes, it is BM's job, i haven't seen his show recently, just the scuttlebutt online. thenirunoutofroom!
nice avi. Damn you thick<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Have faith in me.
Sharing is caring :)
So. Who loves me? I'm needy tonight....:-) <3 Moriah
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. -Edith Wharton
Boston U community mourns loss of 3 classmates: Pinheiro told the few hundred who gathered at BU's Marsh Plaza on Saturday night that...
making beds, dusting, vacuuming, filing, recycling...just another Saturday morning while my wife is off doing yoga
I feel so close to you right now
TGIF! (Ticklish Giants Imbibe Fanta!)
Bank of America sees end to banking crisis
she is so awesome!
Hurry up Friday! Looks like the road to Loretta Lynn's starts sunday at washougal. WFO994
Are you coming to Baltimore Green Works' 4th Annual Winter Green Meeting & Happy Hour tonight? 6pm @ Red Maple Wish we could make it!
New synthesized tune coming soon. Keep your eyes peeled.
Nick Fairley is the man
IU will play North Carolina in the Big Ten ACC Challenge this season.
#livegive i just like the regular and it burns when my lips are too dry lol
#uppers And, isn't the seating interesting. He could have put Alexis across the table. Instead, next to him.
Pageant judging tomorrow...yay! Back on the pageant map! And Party map! So many girl's nights out planned starting tonight! :)))
I hate the way fleece feels...
Good morning! It's early, but it's okay if you plan on going to Starbucks, which I do.
hey matthew - would give it at least 10 days if your'e in the US. send us a note if you still don't get them!
"WITH THE ECONOMY IN TURMOIL, NOW IS THE TIME TO START INVESTING IN ONES SELF AND HAVE AN OPEN MIND TO OTHER BUSINESS VENTURES!"
Guess who's going to be on Fox 5? =)
bc it looks funny lmao!!! Love ya
Its official- I don't follow sports at all, had no idea that OKC had a basketball team. Formerly the SuperSonics? no sports for this
Cauldron parade stream kept losing connection whenever i would try to record.
... Thx to for that insightful post, which I felt the need to dust off.
I will never buy an Audi again. I should have never defected from BMW :-(
Is she house trained lol
Now I feel better ...
I hate the feeling of passing through the censors when I've stollen alot of shit.
Wish I could skate today
Happy Birthday Sasha!! I hope you have a great day!! =))
Just had a 15 minute phone call with about the attitude you need to succeed as an actor. Great motivator, check him out!
great to hear! Hopefully, longer trip next time. Maybe, one day we will meet up.
any reason I can't launch links into opera anymore?
Instead, stupid Yahoo shit!
*canters my head to the side* What's Lemonade?
Reminds us of how many times the Bible commands people with the word "NOW" never "later" when blessings expected 2B.
killed it tonight! Thanks for signing my drivers license
Dear Patron, please dont ask me how to adjust the volume on the computer when you have 4 tabs of pr0n open in full view.
Money isn't real
Richtofen Sim v.1 and Wolf Scribe Sim v.1...I'll post pictures later *yawn*
Ha! Thank you. The site just launched last week actually. I'm coming up 5/16 and I'll bring the camera.
Hour 2 of the show is happening now. Troy is talking college football, #NFL, #Marlins, #Heat and more. Call him now!
We need new Josh photo shoots. Not just pictures by paparazzi and not glamorous shoots. Chilled, laid-back ones.
Who else but quagmire!!!!
yeah..... so are we considering this Steelers/Rams game?
Those nights where you just want to cry your eyes out for no reason .
Thank you for the holiday goodies! Everything is delicious.
I so LOVE Howard Stern best episode I've seen in a really long time!!!
Speaking of celebs they just showed Gilad Shalit at the State Cup match
Cong. B'nai Shalom is in Westborough, MA - not that other strange spelling below!
I've taken to using 'who' when writing about animals, and most editors have agreed.
Watching the Kentucky derby like a boss
I just got my nails done :)
Video coming?
My baby just smiled at me for the first time! #HappyMothersDayToMe :)
Im so tired :O i was on the phone forever last night.........
Headed to set for a late night shoot
thank you! Hope you have a great Holiday Season!
Thanks for the follow. I'm REALTOR looking good contractor Hemet area & a custom home builder in Valley Center, California.
. I dont think there will be any good DE left at 19. Dont trust these guys in mid round for impact
Bit subjective there. I'm sure you could get any guy who played any sport to say it's the BEST.
thanks, that's what I thought
Thanks for the mention Laurean. Still overcast out, but a good Tueday as well. Nice meeting you :)
It's been way too long. I miss you! I need to come back to LA soon!
Enjoying a delicious pre-theater dinner of a protein bar and pretzels.
so glad its friday my fam is in town cant wait to live it up!!!
you're so lucky!
and that is all that matters. is that you learned and dont do it again.
What butter and whiskey will not cure there's no cure for. -Irish proverb
RT Hey fans, go follow and Thank you so much
Eliminate stress. Book your vacation getaway to an exotic tropical location and save big! Incredible values, don't wait. www.FreeXpedia.com
Thanks for the update, Paul. I'll follow the thread. We're probably going to have a major reorg, so I was curious...see you soon!
Work was not a good enough reason to get out of bed today, yet here I am
yes I do and don't let anyone tell you different either :)
Anyone else listening to this 14 yo who does what I do in FL? It's on
talking to my buddy
Listening to Black Rain by #Soundgarden. What a jam.
lol! Don't listen to a thing they say about me! Most of it isn't true!
LOL at my illiteracy!
George Bevan speaks about "Reflectance Transformation Imaging for Ancient Historians".
Packers sign first round pick Nick Perry...
ok good. see you soon!
RT IRS Commissioner Shulman: 33,000 people have participated in the voluntary program on offshore tax evasion
: That's because the War Powers Act was passed on 4/1/1973.
Anger has engulfed my soul.
shiitt chilling lol looking for work , my broke ass smh
renewal is a good thing! hope you have great classes today! :)
One thing I will say is this team is getting bigger
haha we will(:
I'm very proud of you, Sabrina. Keep it up!!!
If #Gingrich would drop out now, maybe #Santorum could give #Romney some competition. If not, he won't be stopped.
#sla2011 #dsoc Ellen Lytton speaking on getting to know yr partner/ customer before the deal is done (emerg markets).
I am too fat to wear bodysuits and tight dresses. This sucks.
I miss you too!
2 annoying patron calls back to back. It's time for lunch.
Thank you too all my followers for support 400+ #ImaGroupatic ,
and sour
who do I need to beat the shit out of?
So not funny Cal!!!!
I have 474 photos of Lily and the eggs haven't even hatched yet.
welcome. i am a packer fan/packer fansite writer.
RT : Make Friday "Pizza Night" in your house! Include #healthy toppings like onions, mushrooms, peppers, olives, broccoli...
No problem. Can't wait to see your tweets!
smh a test is more important than a school fight ha
Why stop now -bustA chris brown misy elliott.....goes hard asfuhhhhh
rain and flurry. I forgot mine too.
Instagram kicks twitters ass
you must not understand psykic animals at all!!! READ THE BIOS ABOUT US ON OUR SOCIAL NETWORKS!!
I want Danny McBride to play you in the movie.
Coffee time, kids.
Looking at it now. Cool. Had CG from PBC as speaker on Concrete5 in my CMS class a few weeks back.
lol goodnight “: goodnight baby face(:”
TIRED OF SCHOOL GOIN TO SLEEP
Rules Book and GHIN buttons make free GolfWashington app worth downloading even if you don't golf in Washington!!
Would you rather have sex with a famous person.. or a threesome with 2 normal people?
Great turbo kick class tonight! Another packed house:)
Anyone else not really getting the #80plateschallenge? Man this show is weird.
hey you little tit munch!
Sunday, a day of rest, relaxation and
Go figure Lauren Conrad likes one of those hideous camera straps.
LS 1426 would like to take this opportunity to wish all of our followers a Happy n Prosperous New Year! Look out for bigger n better things!
Happy Birthday Casandra!! Hopes you have a High birthday! :)
M13 tonight at Quenchers!!
My head hurts and it's been hurting for a while now. '-.-
Listening to Lil' Wayne at
gotta be honest. I'm all twisted that I prob won't make it to pow wow cuz I only have a one-off in Atl on the 5 :(
Sitting thirty floors above rising waters now rain hits our windows
TEACHER: Why are you late? ME: Because of the sign. TEACHER: What sign? ME: The one that says, "School Ahead, Go Slow."
Just tell Dashama I referred you and I will see you in Bali in a couple mths! So excited to meet you!
When you find those people that change your life FOREVER. Ya we love those guys:)
#Top100Lies "I have read and agreed to the terms of service"
GO PATRIOTS !!! Use coupon code Patriots at checkout and enjoy $4.00 of for all your orders placed today.
I clicked follow but it says cannot follow this user don't know #wHy???
Aw how sweet of Bruno Mars he's goin to give his award to his mom in Hawaii
Evah? And you're making fun of me on Twitter.
Hand for hand, 10 left, 9 pay
I hate having the last text in a covo .
good luck and beat that pansy also known as Edge
Crazy feeling Man mixed emotions suck lol I know Gods doin a work but ima need him to stir it up already so they can Blend together lol
Thanks for the plug. Been wondering about that one. Now I know it's a must.
I Got A Massive Headache &'nd On Top Of Dhat I Think Im Havinq Contractions But Its Nothinq Serious Thouqh!
ahaha fail. I just complained to bdubbs on their website..and imma read then sleep now! Yay for waking up in 8 hours!
lets get that first tweet.
theres so many of ur fans in NY! when i try to buy a ticket there r no more! and i get so upset, i want 2 rip a head off doll
Like the sketchy old man with the ancient video camera in your front yard..
Thank you! Have an amazing day! xoxo
Beyond talent lie all the usual words: discipline, love, luck --- but, most of all, endurance. --- James Baldwin
Let it be known that if i win, i'll finance your brewery and I will build a bridge paved with hops to connect boulder to indy.
Buzz Las Vegas KCEP Power 88.1FM (702.647.3688) and request "New Beginnings" this morning! Music saves lives...
I'm a dancer. Dats all I wanted to do in life. How am I suppose to dance in a wheelchair :/
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 8
Taking time to be grateful for the opportunities flowing in. Thank you Universe!
I love you jerk ass nigga
Money Saving Tip #31: Try generic brands of items you buy regularly.
U guys had to sacrifice one and it was his time lmfao
Sometimes pickup ultimate disc in the Bay = fun competitive game. But sometimes a mom brings her kufi-wearing 7y old to play. #&hewaswhite
Countdown to #SandraCisnerosSymposium 7 days left. Lots of planning to do.
Q: Did you use anything to rinse off the citrustrip after using the razor/scrubber, or just wipe off? Thank you!!
Forecast for Friday: Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s. Northeast winds around 5 mph.
Hanging with part of my 2nd family having fun!!!!
The post was taken from a syndication site is a part of, so we did not plagiarize. Credit is at bottom of page.
If you have a woman that holds you down, LET THEM HOES GO!!!!
So did you get the $20 move projection on MELI b/c of the Cup & Handle range was from $78 - $98?Still learning.
Night off at home alone + red wine = this
Genevieve Can you please follow Me? :)
<U+266A>Sweet lotus blossom - Smoking Songs
RT : #FACT jumpoffs are really good listeners BUT AT THE SAMETIME THEY DONT GIVE A DAMN ABOUT WHAT YOU TALKING ABOUT
anyone want to talk??? i am bored LOL reply back please!;)
nice to meet you today.. have you thought about what we can do yet?
Fabulous breakfast after a killer work out Weekend is off to a great start.
Time For School -___- So Not Ready
I'm hungry and poor
that's not far from me at all, ill warm u up lbvs
my pillow is the perfect cuddy buddy because it doesn't talk or snore
not too much. I'm from a small city so I already had friends there
MT : We're sad to see leaving , adventures in SF await!
I think it's more acceptable to listen to Christmas music between Christmas & New Year's Day than between Thanksgiving & Christmas.
um stock market lol
Thanks. We miss all you lovely people, too.
So... started reading #50ShadesofGrey last night. WHOAH.
Out with the old and in with the new... new ladies in gso they are young, fun, and ready to .......(you know the rest) 336-272-8582
haha i understand.
YES. Although Theon's story just gets crazier more interesting. While Joffrey is always just a straight up tool.
Wowww. I'm done with twitter for the day
At the studio building
Blending can happen at multiple level - institutional, program, course, & activity.
I have twins who are 34. Recurring Nmare that I have an set of newborns.
Happy Easter!
Harlem Tavern is A fun spot
Furniture at our second store on Main St gets marked down EVERY WEEK! Looking for something specific? Check us out or give us a call!
That said, it always feel good to reduce a paragraph into a sentence.
Brewers magic number is now 19!
#IfYouWereSmart you'd rap it before you tap it!
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions i'd first give some to my mom, grandma, and dad. Then save some for my lil brother, and some for college, then travel
when is the big day?
Has anyone suggested that Chorizo has been deported? I mean wrongfully of course.
dig the FJ bro!
Sry!! I cnt hang this weekend o.O mayb nxt weekend...cuz this weekend I'm hanging with my cousins and one on from Cali..
so we don't make the guy throw us a strike after he loads the bases hitting and walking batters. SMH
I hope the day I see this girl I dnt go home singing I should've kissed yu :x.
tvtvexahjec follow me
welcome, i told you Jada if you want him you go and get him ! ;D haha , im glade you had a great night c;
listening to Up All Night :) I love all your songs<3 follow me? xx
Man that was a rough night in #Denver Sports...Nuggets need to just go to the Hole, and make shots...You make shots then you will prevail.
that was awesome lmfaoooo D
Please follow me(; 14
Lets Go Power! The Pittsburgh Power have a record of 4-4 and are fighting for a playoff spot! C'mon boys lets do it!
Finally, someone who understands baseball. Thanks DD.
now THAT'S how you do breakfast right!
Flip your channel to MIAMI WSVN CHANNEL 7 I'll be hanging out with my homie he will be talking about
across five Aprils!
is finalizing the edits for volume 2 due to be released this week.
I should really be going to bed right now, too bad i'm not tired and i'm to busy listening to
that makes me wonder what his pajamas look like...
Sorry I haven't posted in a while I'm on vacation
The idea that there are no incentives pushing Democrats to the right is delusional.
People always claiming that someone is twatching them..
are you already there
DAMN WOULD LOVE TO SUCK AND FUCK THAT HOLE
"i'm in love with you" -everyone
Obama flip flops on gay marriage again. Shock!
You're not the same anymore.
Undertow is a freaking genius album. I can't get enough of its ruthless darkness.
Another year the cat is high on catnip. What a goofball.
RT I seem to be better at blogging when my life is going positive. I know someone who is opposite
Passed a billboard which read, "Buzzed driving is drunk driving." It made me put down my drink and reevaluate my definition of buzzed.
Beautiful, I just want you to know your my favorite boy!
congtats so happy for u :-)
I don't know what movies you haven't seen though!
Happy B-day to my worlds best friend !!! Pasala bello!
Thanks! (Do I get a prize for 500?) George is my advisor, actually, and an all-around great guy.
So behind on music and the organization of my iTunes
Jerzday. :) excited for.this weekend. :)
You're welcome!
May Day! « Royal Pavilion &amp; Brighton Museums
follow one person from each state !!! Start with me :) I am from Arkansas ! U and big mama rule !!!
I need a toothpick / to pick this piece of toothpick / out ma teeth.
no u not!
Gino in the house. “: critical point here - it could either be the start of a run by the Hawks or Gino time real quick”
D.R.A.M.A~ Dramatic, Retarded, Accusing, Materialistic, Assholes...don't we all hate them so much...
Goodmorning my friends, I wish everyone a wonderful and bless day. Enjoy!
stop by to get your coffee house draft. I forgot to give it to you!
anyone reviews for Pink Taco
rocked out Park Street Stadium tonight, hell yeah! ;)
Every cell in your body is seeking fulfillment through joy, beauty, love and appreciation.
#FollowArt wonderful art!
All My Best to you. Take care of yourself 1st. ;-)
The Brand New YBike is now shipping!
Myths are public dreams, dreams are private myths
1.5 mile run done! Had to stop since it was getting late and I still had to fix dinner.
I told Christian in June. Probably the weekend of June 15 cause that's my last day of class.
We'll see if I make it out of Friday. NATO summit in downtown Chicago with plenty of crazy protestors. :-(
We Are! The New Year, Inside The Target Car, F, A Jasey Project @ Unit Six
The best part of me was always you...
looking forward to judging DSM tonight at
check you DM
Wish we could bring back to #WVU our punter sucks right now!!
Thinking either beer or fudge bar. Or more cheese.
There comes a time when shit starts getting old n yu get tired of being tired frfr
Duke Ellington? What you know about jazz? lol
I'M STILL IN MY DORM. WE'RE DRIVING TODAY. I'M GOING TO DIE. 14 HOURS.
awesome! See you at
its my birthday today and i would love it if u wish me a happy b day!:)
Haha, wow. ;p
Confident you have the best telecoms deal?.... Nothing to lose in doing some research right? Call us now: 0844 880 2010 No obligation :)
omg. omg. omg. I <3 #MarchMadness!
i love katy but her hair just looks so awkward
hi Daymond, glad to see u in Boston... Are u speaking somewhere or just visiting?
Norbert Leo Butz on #SMASH !!!! Freaking awesome.
why? I love you?
more rhymes than Carl Sagan's got turtlenecks
Yeah but you live on the beach, you get to practice whenever you want. cc/
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE HOPE YOU ARE ALL HAVING A GREAT START TO YOUR DAY :)
I used to live right by the Oceana Naval Base and after a while you don't even notice them anymore....
if anyone ever invents an attack against DictShield will they be obliged to call it Ghonnorhea?
I'm learning as fast as I can, but alas, I'm just not there yet. Someday...
Happy Leap Year!
Sometimes I belt out 90s/early 00s songs out of nowhere and for no reason at all.
NO FEAR
Exotic Collision Center , call today for a free estimate . (339) 224-3771 We specialize in all collision repairs foriegn and domestic .
I sent $15.00 to pony up!
Oh, man. That was fabulous. I've had a rough start to the day and that smoothed it out a bit.
Haha sure are. It all makes sense now. I miss ya, Ms. Green! How are you?
Lol talk that talk.
“: *ahem* At home watching Vampire Diaries *ahem* ” no why. Come here
That's 21st-century collaboration for you. It takes all kinds. :)
Happy Statehood Day! Yes, Arizona is finally 100 years old. Oh, and Happy Valentine's Day too!
Make God your first resource, not your last resort...
Thanks, Kjell! Have a great day.
- that was not an inspiring way to start the season.
he im gonna offer free tats for life to the first celeb that gets me in a movie. fair trade ? i think so
today school was long
oh well. i really don't care. ;D
Haha oops, I thought it was 2 days, sorry! But still...very short timeline. Set intention...and bing! :)
On the menu for dinner: TANDOORI STYLE GRILLED PORK CHOP, Israeli cous cous, yoghurt cucumber tzatziki
Somebody birthday is tomorrow ... Wonder who?
Hope we can catch up when things settle down....
Math has to be my worst subject.ugh
I've already cried twice ... Wtf!!! And I haven't even gone in yet!!!
#RHOAReunion Nene doesn't want to talk about dildos because it just brings bad memories for back in the day when she was riding a pole
How come Skip wasn't in the Diet Mountain Dew commercial? Oh, that's right, they want people to buy their product.
Ha I looked ridiculous.
My teacher said I'm a "lazy, manipulative, lying, negative, devious, evil child" k...thanks?? <U+E40E>
Someone needs to call me tell I fall asleep.
EVERYTHING IS AND AND NOTHING HURTS
Sunday= family fun day!
You sounded awesome yesterday on Prairie Home Companion! So excited to see you in Cambridge Mon 4/16
MaKey, MaKey turns the whole world into a keyboard
oh no. It's not your fault. U obviously didnt do it on purpose. You should send the pup some doggy ice cream. (a real thing)
Seriously! I hope she just went back to bed and wakes up thinking it was all just a bad dream.
I love Brad! Just got a couple bottles yesterday.
I like never say no.....to anyone :/
“: Constantly pursue the God-given purpose that ruins you for anything else. A PURPOSE much greater than yourself!” wow!
First tweet from my phone in months. :3
Seriously, these stupid shifts, bunting all the time and small ball is starting to piss me off. #Brewers are painful to watch right now.
Day 3 of Bijoux Blitz starting soon!
seeing with august 8th, 2013! :) VIP! floor seats ;) and last concert of the tour yeeeee
James Beard Awards tonight or #jbfa if you're cool. More exciting that the Oscars in my opinion.
you in NYC no way so am i
best hypothesis I have read: "he so banged her and never called back".
i hope i survive the teenage years - of my children, that is.
Please do not mention the company FedEx to me!
#OWIF: I threw the Italian Beef I bought with Richard's coupon at them and jumped into the back of a landscaping truck. Poor sandwich.
This LabQuest should check itself before it recks itself
Grab a peppermint mocha and head up to see the tree at Rockefeller center and on your way check out the window displays on 5th ave...
Anticipating the opening of a 2008 Augusts Briggs bottle of "Wishes." Knowing It will wait until Sunday evening....
Now adays everybody raps...id like to tear the throat outta 90% of u cats.
2012 Presidential Candidates in DC Fri & Sat for Faith & Coalition conference. Mitt Romney, Michele Bachmann, Herman Cain among attendees.
Ohhkay. I feel old tonight.
thanx Jackie Piper !!!:)
It's yours Bro. I can interview you the first one then you can interview other Eastnashvillians and musicians. Exciting!
Fuck driving in the city either your lost in the ghetto getting a ticket for parking or someone taps YO RIDE
Note to self: apply to fellowships!
MT : still freaking out over how easy doing crosstabs of different units (ex. doors) is on the VAN
what would be on your "clothes line" - kittens and puppies?!
Charming...another coughing man next to me on the plane. I'm a magnet.
yea I'm still not gunna be able to play baseball with you..
Came home threw something away in the trash, saw that my family had Chinese food. #assholes -.-
(FRIDAY) GRAD BASH @ STATUS... GRADS FREE ALL NITE - LADIES & GREEKS IN FREE BEFORE 12AM - ALL GRADS DRINK FREE CHAMPAGNE
Now your just somebody that I used to know <3
Did you have to run up Cantrell hill during the LR marathon???
One would think a first class security line at DFW exists. Except on
That is an orange card there by Palmer... Took Nguyen completely out, no attempt at the ball.
DW: One of the greatest challenges of curating this exhibition is fitting 400 years of music history into a gallery space.
i am doing awesome thank you for tweeting me, u just made my day!!! :) Plus i can't wait for Glee tonight so excited!!!!
i love youu baby. HMM i want that prom moment again :D
finding the best way to talk to the boys about the Penn State situation wasn't easy but very necessary... unfortunately.
Is there a more abused and bastardized word than #freedom? It is manipulated in so often
#Frieze art fair, mingling with high-falutin' art folks.
Think any folks in the UK (or Canada) may be interested in organizing a coordinated event also on the #warof1812?
you looking for someone to sprint with?
“: Wow, what a beauty! Such a stunner she will be!” Thank you!
I promise it wasn't on purpose! (cc: , )
Hey ~ good luck today! Remember #cantknockthehustle !
La Rochefaoucauld: "The world more often rewards the appearance of merit than the merit itself." -How true in breakfast cereals and politics
I Shaved my beard!!!!Who is this guy????
Okay enough of twitter. I forgot you gotta show chicks a little attention.
THANK YOU for the FF! XOXOXO J
Aha. Maybe Italy will start using extraordinary rendition to get its loot back.
never leave your happiness in someone else's hands.
Having family should be the best christmas present! Money cant buy it, its #Priceless!
Getting my butt kicked in spades... *sigh* gambling and losing
Is teaching myself more basic html coding!
great time last night!
Ever wonder what Santa gets for Christmas? Stay tuned for our #xmas special!
lmao why did you quote this
Bahrain Is New Center for Arab Anger, to see video go to www.tncnews.com click on Video News
might be one of the biggest dick writers around...go jerk off to Bruno Mars, d-bag.
Cool, wanna chatty?
what a picture ! (sandstorm) hope it has cleared up
"Marketers ruin everything." -
Google I/O sells out in ~ 30min :(
OK, that IS good.
I'm great an you
Things I wish I knew 5-10 years ago: the ironic t-shirt is still ugly
Planning big additions for the new year of The Triskelion Society!!
hope I get to see y'all this summer!
Don't forget my contest! Follower #1000 of mine wins a free autographed copy of my Greatest Hits! Thank u for all your support!
Baltimore Club Remixes
so and I pop off on our teacher.. then become friends with her... you've missed so much lmfaooo
lol im happy bro :)
Just finished Korra and it was amazing and I can't wait for the next episode
Wow, 3 of the authors who influenced my childhood most! RT Born today Louisa May Alcott , Madeleine L'Engle, C.S Lewis !
insomnia tonight. it's okay, i have to sing me to sleep- just bought her new album
We did that type of Filipino dancing for PE in 4th grade in Nebraska!
The tradition lives on! Midnight Breakfast tonight 10:30 p.m. - 12:30 a.m. in Kearney & Lourdes. Seniors, last one for you guys!
Living vicariously thru and on their nite with Derek Holland in San Francisco.
#babymakingsong anything from the 80's and 90's
This is the last time I trust a Wall Street Journal repertory film pick.
dissapointed SF store on Van Ness to fix faulty phone. Poor cust svc & didn't get my charger back. ordeal proving it's mine
that moment of pride when even your parents know the words to 1D songs.
it was so great to have u & Katie home for Xmas! Safe travels
I am heading over there now
See live Tweets Ad-Ventures: The Media Mix.com, FiftyWorkForce.com and TownHub.com Web Portal..
you know none of us use twitter right
Thanks David! Let's catch up soon... :)
m alcohol. <3
come take pictures of dancers in costumes for Halloween at Salsa Scream! :)
Sad to say that our esteemed co-directresses at are moving on to conquer the world, yet happy they are conquering the world.
"Well, I guess that's worth a look." HOLY CRAP LOKI. OMG. IT ALL MAKES SENSE.
Trying my hardest to figure out Hootsuite.. but I think I need help, and admin control from you for the fb and twitter..?
#NP haunted/taylor swift <U+2665><U+2665>
SF Film Society Director just passed away an hour ago... He was at the first DKA dinner last Dec...RIP.
Here it is, my 100th tweet. I've got to come up with something significant to say? Well, Uh...um, uh...uh. Dang, I got Nothing!
I am so excited you are writing again!! I couldn't believe it when it showed up in my google reader. Made me giddy :)
hello u there
me too. And also grandma Heidi. She lost two of her siblings now her daughter.
According to Back to the Future 2 we're supposed to have flying cars & shoes with power laces by 2015. Time's running out, scientists!
hahah she said Oreos her favourite
I LUV DESE PEOPLE RIGHT HERE AND OTHERS!!!!!!!
“: Everybody has that one friend who's laugh is funnier than the joke.”
Just took a little plane from Oahu to the Big Island! It is raining here, too!
follow back miz lady...
not yet, but in 128 characters let me know why I should ;)
sorry! Trust me, I'm pretty frustrated not knowing anything yet! Awesome, training today?
glad to see your finally working.
In the last 2 months, South Dakota is the only US state whose residents did not find my website. I forgive them as I've never been there.
Happy Mothers Day!
Met with a friend who's been talking about doing his film for years. What does it take to motivate people to get off their butts and do it?
Come on finish it!!!
Really, #Shuberts? First theatre org since 1995 to tell me i cannot have a diet coke in my bag.
Wow, just woke up from a 4 hour nap.
I should leave some old tapes in the glove box. I've got tons of 'em. Maybe I'll make a mix tape . . .
Could be very hard to live with that. He has my prayers.
Did you see #DETROPIA last night in #Sarasota? Let us know what you thought!
that'd be awesome.
#Loex2012 Using online YouTube videos to teach Library Resources for 1st yr students .....many #AcademicLibraries are currently doing this
i dont think im pretty cause peopl have told im not so i dont feel beautiful anymore
conf lookin' good. very excited to participate! May 1 in SF. product people direct message for super duper discount code
Follow back? :->
Here pelican, pelican, pelican...
Wonder what the hell I'm going to be doing while I'm out of school for the next 3 weeks. Lol.
the text i was referring to was not from him, he isnt going to text me haha
Thirsty Thursday!!! enjoy our mouth-watering TEXAS BBQ w/ a ice cold Coors Light
True but game was far from over. Sixers were on a run. Not to mention all this talk is dumb because ACL injury is random chance.
Yay new followers! Thanks! :) keep spreading the word!
why not get added to the acct and generate activity
My 4th period feels like its one of the longest so far :/ no school tomorrow! yay! and im going to playoff's baby!
How do ya'll like the new icon!?
Emy! C'mon in, the water's fine!
New York Football Giants
I would say "go get some rest"
Boy, I miss St. Arnold's! No real chance of distribution to Colorado, tho. :-(
dinner with Collette Vacations tonight at Sullivan's.
Just heard you on and you just became my FAVORITE geeky hot chick, hands down. FOR THE ALLIANCE!
Word em up! RT : had my boys surprise the crowd 2nite.
longest was 7 yeards... good luck
Good morning. Looking forward to a promising Weekend. Some greening, some cleaning, some maintenance. All in the name of beautification. :-D
wide awake
That moment you scoop porridge into a filled teacup during a dim sum spread. Congratulations!
Only a few more days to sign up for the 30 day challenge!! Msg me for details:)
Reflex Blue or Rhodamine Red?
that's how they getcha.
Another boring day of school but the last day of school for the weekend Yay
Getting ready for the ACLS Annual Meeting, May 10-12. This year we're offering a meeting app.
even with cool and effective photography options, the data collection process for land records is tedious and time consuming.
Visionary Ted Turner is right on $trillion wars are not the answer! They are easy to get into & hard / costly to get out of!
looking forward to it, dude. congrats!
lol how many followers you have now?
Michelle + Nyquil. A short story.
We make things happen! Learn more 2day :30 when we meet Hall--we'll b celebrating our 1st legislation & our new initiatives.
"Something vague that sounds deep" -Some guy
round two. loved foil wrap dress. it didn't win
TERRIBLE PLANNING!!!! & some of those protesters seem so nutty Damn hippies!!
I know! WERE GONNA #PARTY & ima kick your ass at boxing AGAIN. LIKE
I already tried & it wasn't up there. only the unreleased one was.
Only if it's in a 7/4 latin feel with a phrygian vamp and a really long drum solo.
RT - ROB GRONKOWSKI from your NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS joins Toucher & Rich NEXT!!
can't read your posts :( starting #WalkingDead now ;)
I see good things happening in fashion this spring... its time for trends to get back on track. I want the bags Spring Roundup
WRONG: "The value of a network increases as the number of nodes increase" ... works for routers, but not humans
i want to go bk to Jamaica
YES YES EVERYTHING ABOUT THAT TWEET YES.
Thank you Kristin B & for all the B&E training information tonight! FABULOUS leadership by FABULOUS women!
Another day in paradise: lunch at the Saint Regis overlooking Hanalei bay. The peaberry kona coffee was the grand finale
The opportunities I've had and the people I've met because of the school has changed the course of my life forever. Thank u
Another break way too many!
My day will be full of positivity !!
#Rumors are going around that Snooki's ex said he hopes she has an abortion. The YDS is trying to contact Emilio for his side of the story!!
So insidious! I really don't want people to know what I read/bought. RT Huffinton Post does that, it's so annoying!
Early morning wakeup with the E10 Fundamentals in
One more to 300.
I know, i immediately took it down thinking that was a sick thing to say :) I miss you too dear!
Bob Lindmeier just said in the forecast we can expect a decent amount of sunshine. What's an indecent amount of sunshine?
I am *this* close to getting done what I wanted to accomplish today, but Adobe Flash keeps freezing on me.
thinking of changing my username but then again i been having this username since abdc :/
It's raining where I am
Im high on life, and this 8 ball of coke
Well thanks you!! I am so glad you like it :)
How did I miss that picture? Can Kara & I come over for a snuggle puppy date?
At the studio.....three models....great MUA and Hairstylist...and me! LOVING IT!
Thank you :)
I am having a keg
Looks like it's going to be a SE Penn microbrewery weekend.
I miss DST! The days fly by so quickly. On the other hand, looking forward to a good night sleep on a new mattress.
No worries! Send me an update if you get one.
comes through for us last minute as always. On to the reNEWBOLD launch
Are you going to DC?!?!
ok thanks
I definitely don't blame you.
#BlackParentQuotes Stop slamming my damn door for I slam yah ass.
I wonder how many calories I just burned mowing the yard? I think I lost some just from sweating....YUCK!
in regards to what?
1/3 of residential home owners are in default and 78% of them do not seek help prior to foreclosure. Do not bury your head-there are options
I am listening to a repeat of a minor league hockey game. Somebody take my man card away please!
Happy birth day to justin bieber.....have a good one
Should've worn my turban
Yummy crepes at the newly opened Crepes on the Corner . Go check them out today! 15th and C Streets SE.
lunch Polish sausage on a toasted bun topped with spicy coleslaw, mushroom & swiss meatloaf sammy, rotissarie chicken salad pita.
Thanks for the wonderful RTs and shares, everyone! We couldn't have made it this far without a supportive community!
I'm doing big things, I'm thinking about big things, I'm dreaming big things and I have nothing but big smiles on m face :)))))
right im not even a futrue mom wth shes fired
I eat food in my mouth
I can't find 'em. What's the link?
They are all over right now, lots of people calling us to take care of them! Ugly things...
Off day!
I was brother! Lets get it! RT : wow! U was there this weekend think I saw u! ;) yup see u in LA
#DonaldDriver did a great job once again on #DWTS! Love Carrie Ann's reaction! Can now safely change the channel.
I wonder if I go to the park and feed the ducks skittles would they eat them, taste the rainbow and turn into different colors?
U’ve been 2 Colombia: ever taste lulo, delicious, green, refreshing? Oganic, w/ no-added-sugar, lulo’s my gig.
Needless to say, my best friend looked pretty smokin at prom last night
I went to go see The Avengers and after parking on the roof and limping down to get there, they sold out. Not going to see until BR now.
Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles.
I am offering an amendment to extend TANF benefits.
#NOTETOLAWRENCE STOP PROCRASTINATING AND DO YOUR PROJECT.
Wow. Transferring domain registrars to domain.com was super easy. pretty pleased so far.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you've realized you kept talking and the call dropped <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
If it weren't the dog it would be kids or a car or something else. People can't just break up & move on.
Negative people are toxic to my growth
What are The Avengers avenging anyway? If it's parking tickets, this whole thing is gonna seem pretty silly.
" is now following you ()" - Geez, haven't you always kinda been following me?
Just got back had a bomb work out
We have academies in Ca that seem to work well. However, our measurements of success comes from standardized tests
can someone pls confirm 1ce & 4all #apocalypse was just marvel ripping off #darkseid? i mean, D is FROM PLANET APOKOLIPS!
What's everyone up to??
SeeThruEquity's website www.seethruequity.com launching soon! Please stay tuned for updates!
thx for the RT. Loved that site.
Google related, i like you :) i like you a lot.
i did no homework this weekend...
i don't think my dad wants me to have a social life.
but you are cool! I would say you have to be in a band, have cool hair, be named Zac, and live in TX. ;) haha
Men are like parking spaces. The best ones are already taken; the available ones are all handicapped.
totally agree! =)
Who's your favorite celeb this year?
Save the Date! 22-23 September | RCS "Infant through Age Three, A Wet Lab," by Glen Steele, OD. Palm Beach, Florida, USA. Details soon!
congratulations! Capping rocks!
You just overstated things to a huge degree,
Driving around with my brother while blasting KPOP is starting to become my new favorite past time.
You ever say my name like that to my fist, will see Double D's fist of furies.
What a great game for the Bulls! No Rose and they still beat the Heat!..Alright, all ready to go on 101.9 The Mix until 5am.
I respectfully disagree.
Trending on twitter is Angelina Jolie's high split and leg reveal. Sexy? what do you guys think?
Have no shame when it comes to ANYTHING
4 lovely 'ol gals, 4 horizontal stripped shirts. I told myself I should have taken my camera. That will teach me.
I didn't get to see my girlfriend that much today.. :l but at least I can text her now :D
It Stutters, Probably runs at like 15 fps but it's definitely playable.
I's pretty good. How's you doin'??
imma come up with a verse tomorrow!
Students transition pretty well as long as teachers adjust their teaching styles.
i really hate homework . and thats all im allowed to do this week ..
she told me! Darn! :( I was all looking for you.
give me your heart, make it real, or else forget about it.*
RT : You get out what you put in... Straight like that... The grind never stops
I dont even know why i keep wasting my time tryna stay cool wit this lil girl
let's do it!!! It's all on me too hahahaha
Booing in NY has been cool for so long that cheering has to come back in style soon.
They say lifes a gamble
I love hearing douche bags call other people douche bags. So what if his dragon tattoo is bigger.
Im slept good as hell lastnite and I went to sleep early dat ain't Neva happened but I was tired tho
Quick - names something in professional sports more annoying than the Cleveland Cavaliers announcer. Go!
I love it when new bands follow me :D gives me the chance to listen to new music.
needs to stop ignoring me..
thanks for the Retweet! I hope people enjoy it.
A little jealousy in a relationship is healthy. It's nice to know someone's afraid to lose you.
We Are Wisconsin: Tom Barrett is a strong leader who will end the political turmoil Scott Walker has brought to this state..."
follow it's just one button to press :D
i love how is so caring for his fans <3
Being perennial candidate isn't as fun when you don't have money. Also why have you been absent from GChat? Inexcusable.
Thunder! I see this turn of weather events as the perfect excuse to start the third Hunger Games book tonight.
oh i'm here till june so we have time...
Finally I can sleep in..
Surf & turf @ industri cafe just happened to me. Who parties? This guy.
What the hell is happened...)))
I take back my last statement. She's actually awesome
Hey! You know Raven???
You know something DC? 88 over the weekend is not a cold front. Weatherpeople, you just sound crazy right now.
NEW EP HAS BEEN RELEASED!!!! TOMORROW.....LOOK FOR NEW SONGS.....
I drew a picture of you and found the perfect beat to my 6th song for you <U+2665>
these jeans make dat ass look pretty good! i feel pretty good about today!
Dan,thanks for responding. You are without a doubt the best most thought provoking podcast(s) available.
Go Pack GO? YES!
Waiting for the bus. It takes forever but a part of me likes not driving...
yum! Can you bring us some!? :) have a great Wed Tanya!
Thnks for following:
So hope everyone's moms had a great day!! They deserve it!!!
I think I'm going to the Outside lands fesitval in August. Anyone else down?
Cool... y'all should come to San Antonio. I mean I'm #justsayin :D
New music out now
Yo! Tuesday! Where'd you go??
sorry about that-- small typo on site, now fixed. The event is on SATURDAY, may 5. Thanks for the heads up!!!
Overall, this is a pretty pointless reunion.
I don't know about that Mary Tyler Moore. I don't know.......
what were the Disney movies of all y'all's tender years? Little Mermaid?
I'm so Happy we are friends
you must look forward to wed nights every week now. Haven't watched the challenge from last night yet- don't tell me what happens!
Celebrating Johann's birthday today--we're on a first name basis.
"Girl let me tell you what i got my mister mister, (girl what?) a baby boy and it came with a sister" lmao love the ratchet girl anthem
I'm only myself around those I love.. I am obviously in love with you.<3
surprise when looking at bridal show vendors at show I'm going to. U can copy prices, packages, follow me, but u will never shoot like me.
Tonight is a good time for an outing. I think I might hit the club up with some friends. What to wear?
more beautiful words and tribute could not have been made
These are my jaaaaamzzzzzz. First time ever hearing these but I can really get down to this shizzzz. Hahah so good. :)
more songs @ www.purevolume.com/Deadpro
Try what?
Avengers! Whee! That. Was. Fun.
I guess in the beginning everything seems more difficult than it really is.
People forget how powerful #karma is...
Great 2 hang w/ yesterday in SanFran. Sorry 2 miss your closing keynote @ #HCMsummit2012; Has nothing 2 do w/ u missing mine:)
what's going on love of your looking for hooks and songs follow me & let's work work work songwritermusicofdash at his finest
WHOS SETTING OFF FIREWORKS
Your welcome!! :) where u from?
I see that I have library fans...get at me.
Chips ahoy for days...
My phone is blowing up tonight, yo.
RT : RT : BREAKING: Zimmerman's lawyer asks for new judge in Trayvon Martin case Who--his dad?
A green place is the best place to envision a new world.
We are SO ready for June :D
Data curation project w/ California digital library. #edu11 would like to hear more about this one!
Life is what you make it!
hey mama what do you mean who am i ?
SB45 Biz Lesson # 15: Touch Lives. Do something exciting and remarkable just like the Black Eyed Peas.
That's a false sense of security MT Because of new bike lanes, I stayed safe the whole way on my first bike commute - thanks !
No-Hassle Baby Gender Juice Methods Across The UK
Of course, follow the beautiful entrepreneur, , her sister, and their mother,
love your prfile. 2nd worst surfer? I've never even tried surfing yet. lol you're braver than I am
oh dear! Wonder if he gave a tip? (haha!)
If she's jealous.. she cares.
I tell them Street Beauty Entertainment will be up and runnin Summer 2012. Get ready to be entertained!!
Do you sing in the shower?
Watching #royalpains and enjoying it.
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy was "I Got You" when I was 13 I fell in love with them after that.
I don't think you comprehend how a hashtag works RT : Let's go Mavs. Time to get number 5 in a row.
Again, been helping friends. Need to find time to work. Want to write that article RE: John 3:16. Have written about it in the past as well.
HAPPY NEW YEAR
abugbiteonmybut and i*
Hi. How are you? I have been away from twitter for 2 and half months.. so busy with baby.. no longer knit..
Done! Hello summer <U+2600>
What's everyone up to today?? :)
I think coders and designers *are* often reporters. But your question merits a longer answer.
maybe the follow up needs to be "How to evade & elude the corporate branding police?"
Moving all weekend. Where is my bed?
or maybe i just stewed in the hot tub for too long
Victor Garcia with us tonight; costume paty Saturday at Allerton during our sets... Hope to c u. xo
three people in three different states.
man, 2 weeks in a row! Right back at you : ) have a great weekend!
NBA = national bitching association NHL = a real sport where they don't cry if they get bumped
homework tryin to graduate nxt friday
How to be followed by me: 1. Follow me 2. Retweet this. 3. Tweet me if you've done all of the steps
You can marry her today she still mine
With your vote we can return the Virginia Senate to a #VAGOP majority Vote Republican
always upticks in ed during low employments. A good thing, but doesn't completely explain the relative growth in public ed.
Happy 11th Anniversary I love you!
My little boys b-day is this weekend. Got him RAW tickets. Anyone else gonna be there?
$10 off printed Beer Pouch Hoodies until November 21! Discount Code: pouch
can't believe jon bon jovi is 50 - must be all that "bad medicine." - Wow, that's not even remotely funny...
Shooting at 86%. Did someone say the Celtics were just ano'r ol' team?
Anyone see that bounty hit on James Harden by Metta World Peace/Ron Artest yesterday??? That elbow looked suspect...
I like that profile picture of your brothers dog in his backyard.
If we don't follow you, tweet us a "V" and we will follow you! :)
Gonna crash the hell out too The Devil Wears Prada. Goodnight!
RT : #RMHC Chapters make sure to check out the #Shop4RMHC assets on Fileshare - campaign launches on Monday. Exciting news- stay tuned!
criminal minds getting intense
Smashing Tomato has more VPN Certified restaurants in Lexington than most states have! We love bringing you Authentic Neapolitan Pizza!
me too! What's up with some of the weird punk? bands playin this year though..uh
My mummy is almost working full-time again. She has recovered well from breaking her hip. What's a hip anyway? grunt...
Nothing is more sad than the death of an illusion.Arthur Koestler.
(AP) US official: Navy SEAL team that rescued 2 Somalia hostages was the same that killed bin Laden
Decisions, decisions. Only you know what the right fit is for you. Good luck!
ROCK ON NYC. I love my city, my home, my playground.
LOL!!! But u know u will still do what u want to do.
oh! It's just brown...same as always....:(
Can't sign into my twitter from my computer #wtp!
will do.
Just think about it... There is some heavy philosophy behind those lyrics...
There's a thriving subculture on the subway composed of middle-aged guys with mini boomboxes who think they're the COOLEST.
Shoot her. She means nothing to me.
How is it already 5:22pm??
they can out??
It caused the need for prenatal pills? ;) (I've actually never been a big drug user, just thought it was a good caption.)
Such a perfect day to be out in #DelRay and working in the #MtIda garden!!
ok my bitch session was over 140 lol I was trying to say I'm pissed I broke a bottle of red wine over my cute silk shoes!
There's this guy at school that always likes to torture me and no one protects me or tells him to stop<U+E40F> I'm scared for life<\3
:( its okay baby goodnight and sweet dreams ily (:
Into the clutches of KHAN!--two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
Let the chips fall where they may
#BetterWithDetroit even when isn't touring!!
A BIG THANK YOU , you guys and gals rock! From the help with the poster, to the house management and tech crew! Amazing work! TY!
When you live alone, sometimes the only gauge of how you look today is how the homeless people downstairs respond
I 3 barrel frm btn w 52 on A4ATK board...get called dwn by stbbrn lady w 99...lol...this is a v good thing. I like it!
What is this chicago stuff :/
Hahaha it should! Not Safe for Anyone With Decent Self-Esteem...NSFAWDSE.
Concept of a "content divide" vs. and in addition to the digital divide.
Absolutely perfect #running weather in the city today! Driving on LSD by lakeshore path and so wanting to hop out for an AM jog
To feel like nobody else matters>>>>
: sorry about that
oh, i miss burgers and cupcakes! incredibly impressed you resisted double the temptation!
Cruising with NCL is the way to have fun!
In the computer one momento from see the movie hehe
Hey York! Thanks for following us. How'd you hear about our project?
Violence cannot produce peace.
Wednesday already? Not bad!
I say what's need to be said sometimes and then some.
I put a fake smile on my face, just cause i dont want you to know im hurting.
im following her
That's the generalization they say we have :)
I feel like I'm going to be slacking in the tweet game now that I have a real job lol
Today, as The Boy struggled to get up for school, I glimpsed the adult inside. Proud parent moment :-)
Is getting pumped up for #buildmadison this weekend!
Ah, I'll have to ask my dad, PHC faithful. Labor historians' one was good too as you can imagine! "If ... it would be enough."
Pacers Great win now go to Orlando and shut them out on their court. Go Pacers 93-78.
man you already know I can record at anytime.its nothin for me to put out a new track, lol.
The preds are PISSING ME OFF!
Please welcome StashaHeart to the Max life
I love you #Nuggets!!!!!! #BeatLA and we did :)
lol yes.. especially the Golden State Warriors and the Charlotte Bobcats =)
Georgetown College advances with 26-14 win over Saint Francis.
I'm collecting football player names. 2 weeks ago: Cadillac Williams. Last week: Colt McCoy. Today: Rock Cartwright!
Very important topic, also very important for clergy, coaches..really anyone who works with youth.
new brief on NBAbriefs
Whoa. That's right. I forgot you had a birthday on April 30th, too! You, me and ! Drinks on Monday!
do you guys know that Koren is coming tomorrow?
I'm getting a little antsy in my pansties about cracking open the tonight. that ussualy means a #blackout will occur…
Taking out Marco Estrada's start where he gave up 5 runs vs Cincy- the #Brewers starting pitchers have an ERA of 2.65 in the month of May.
Check your DMs when you get a chance. Have a great weekend :).
finals, finals, finals, and i'm not talking about the nba
Just met a young man named Isaac who named his newborn Isaiah. It's weird cause I want to name my son Isaac.
I appreciate it man!
Rose said few weeks ago shoes were giving him probs. RT: : All the idiots saying DRose & Shump injuries are due to wearing adidas.
Monarch leads Castle View 8-4 at the half in 2nd round of boys lax playoffs.
Anthony Bourdain () tells why he's not fat: "I don't snack" & hates "health bars that taste like stable floor."
I know what you're thinking. I should get the MAYOR of WIT Badge, rt? Or should I say #amIright?
Hello! Tweople,Tworld and Advance hEAlthy NEW YEAR to everyone Hope i can still use FB&Twitter! on the 2012 XMAS :D "Positive". +1+4<3
Hair spray & iPads don't mix. While attempting to "work" during my hair appt, my iPad got a nice dose of spray and now has a filmy residue.
Life goal : to be a actress :D and marry someone that only amy knows :) lol
The 50 cent/ Joan Rivers commercial looks like the beginning of a horrifying porno.
wow that looks exciting!
Yes we did!! RT : I bet the Members' Club just freaked out.
Life is an adventure- what's been your favorite adventure so far?
JUSTIN BIEBER??!?
I live in Portland, Oregon, 10 min from downtown.
From video games to apps: Waldo County's Ryan Linn turns love of hiking into a ... - Bangor Daily News
kinda put a dark cloud over my day :(
I followed her!:)
Flash Mob #2 Tonight
curious. the report i read said it was a brown bear.
I knew James & family wife Ann daughter Penny, Derek & Joey. Gone 2 soon. J. put the bottom on a motown hits. SMALLWORLD Moto
Now that Battleship is finally a movie, can't wait for Connect 4, Sorry! and Yahtzee!
Did I just see that you're pregnant? Woohoo - what terrific news! Makes me smile :)
Did basketball specific S&C testing w/ s Guys today. Tested agility, upper body strength & bball conditioning. GREAT Effort!
Oof. New Twitter. I'm a little verbuddled.
Should keep him, he's a #goodfit RT Patriots blog on : Spotlight on OL Dan Connolly as he nears free agency
Huge moth buzzing around my campus office. It just got all Silence of the Lambs in here.
agreed. I walk
me either. beat the Bears, mail it in vs DET.
not ashamed of anything or anyone in my life, everything happens for a reason; just a lesson learned.
My nephew makes me play cars with him on the floor & I'm wearing a dress. Lol
thank you! They sound too good to be missed! :)
There is no one I hate more than How the fuck is that guy still around?!
. nothing is forever
just saw u on presents bad girls. Hilarious! Can't wait to watch u get to the top!!
has 99 fouls!
lol I don't.. They tweeted me too.. This why I do instagram now.. Twitter be on that BS
gave up soda for Lent but is drinking Red Bull.
Met some horny bitches last night. Were gunna party.
Still waiting for the "Here we are passing legislation in the dead of night" speeches.
: "Is this the part of StPat'sday where we talk about our feelings? I don't understand your art, Kevin"
Yup! RT <U+267A> : Live webinars work too! best way to gain fans and build community is to have in-person events.
Thx ! Congrats on the new Hassie and a pretty sweet blog whitesellphotographic.blogspot.com
Idk what to do right now
Twisting Saturday night at Hei La Moon Restaurant in China Town, Boston for a event from 5:30-8:30 Pm. Going to be a lot of fun!
That should've been a tech that man slung him to the ground intentionally.
Best show ever.
Just watch episode 14 of ! Had 2 callbacks for the role of Brick. Great show
The White House Admits It Has No Clue If Its New Housing Plan Will Work via
I honestly did not know what to say to him :)
Hey Broncos, how's that Pack beatdown feeling?
oh I can't WAIT to see. How old are these songs?
Honored!Continue to reflect on learning with you;pondering ways of using social media to support community building
sounds good to me! :)
Great boards by polish hammer in first seven minutes
Indianapolis Locksmith (317)670-4222 Classified Ad - Indianapolis Other Auto Services Services | InetGiant Indianapolis, Indiana
well what can i say? Those Groove Percussion reps gonna be all over me pretty soon.
finished BEFORE I FALL by "The rest you have to find out for yourself"
Yo what's up with the #blackjack tournament invites, y'all? I wanna spank some tourists!
Rethinking the relationships between aesthetics, politics, and judgment.
RIP Whitney Houston
not yet i will
thanks For Following ^.^ !
He needs to get the right people in their running that thing. Get rid of the yes men.
Enjoy your life like you enjoy your ice cream cause YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE.
...or sometimes both! :) Merry Christmas my dear friend!
lmfao I have a collection I just can't put that up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><U+270B>
My lips are lonely/:
" In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.” - Albert Einstein
your sick
would love to have some exercise balls in my classroom!
Thanks for capturing the magic of who cast enthusiastic youth participants to bring “Tar Beach” to life during Community Day.
good morning people. Conquer the day and then move on to thursday
check out the "houses sold" album dating back to October 2010 - present, additional houses coming soon !
Great piece thanks Nicole!! Love it. Wish the exhibit was in my city.
Even if someone has wronged you in the past, it always feels great to be nice and help them when they need it.
thanks bud!
I realized i had a typo wen I tweeted u.I put"I saw a girls tweeting..."ull hav2 excuse me,i was distracted by ur looks.haha!
It's snowing! Careful driving today!
Spurs get to rest up til Sunday, hope they are playoff ready by then.
The beauty of the Internet. :)
did u c all my tweets to u, I was trying to make u laugh, did it work LOL HUGS
My son was watching MTV the other night and I saw that they are showing Beavis and Butthead again. WHY!!
Sen. Kohl: "We think we're on the cusp of having a darn nice team."
new convergence culture reality: books more like tv in terms of necessary time investment/concentration. Thinking is hard!
Vucevic what the hell are you doing
You want a work order showing my computer died?
That's annoying, I thought it was free... and it wasn't until I went through all the sign up pages before I realized
Match 11,2011 is the 69th day of the year...hum??? ;p
Obviously RT : Obvious statements are obvious.
Because we live 3 blocks away? And no, they knocked the building down & put up SDCC campus police HQ. Srsly.
All Time Low hasn't toured in the US in about 7 months.....
neva stop. are you going tonight?
Thanks Koby - good to hear you are back safe in London! Look forward to seeing you at the next #MastersPOV! :-)
Litigation Department of the Year
I don't need you. Besides. Its not like i ever did.
If you're in the mood for music that makes you feel like its summer in the south & you're drinking an ice cold brew, listen to Hayes Carll.
You have a valid point.
havent seen that but i'll watch a disney or abc family movie in a heart beat.
katy you sound fucked up!!!
Full Crate playlist....all i need to start the day
Security. More logistics than security...it's PM to AM though...
I'm in shock your watching the dunk contest & upset you aren't voting for Budinger or Williams
Lucky you for finishing early! I'm going to have to schlep out after work tomorrow evening!
#dearyoungself be a little more adventurous with food! There are so many tasty things to eat
LOL SO AT WORK I RIPPED MY PANTS.
"Yesterday is History. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That's why we call it 'The Present." - Eleanor Roosevelt -
I see u. Chi city flavor. Hopefully told u how we do it. Lol
Ugh. We can fix! Find an awesome speaker for us & we'll clean 'em up!
Profess, Declare, Announce, Proclaim, Confess, Pronounce! . . . For there is POWER in your tongue!
Go ahead, talk shit. I'm not going to stoop down to your level.
I've been told i'm like a furnace under the covers :D So much body heat
Everyone's Gunna be on Kevin Durants Dick When He Wins Finals MVP
The comments sections of news websites is infuriating. Keep up the great work
PLEASE come tomorrow!!
looks like drunk food heaven
I would but not sure how much I can afford on it that is the only problem.
so excited to anounce that i have a huge chance of launching one of my dreams next school year :)
hope you got some of flavor of hardware modding panel - I tried to tweet major points
Ah. Your semi-annual tweet.
needs a banner designer and maker. Can anyone in #ABQ or #santafe or #newmexico help her? :)
Why do you stay in prison when the door is so wide open? ~Rumi
Shabbat Shalom to u all. May God richly bless each of u n a new deep and profound way this Sabbath! Now, enter into this REST He made 4 us!
My version of the Turing Test: if you can correctly distinguish restrictive and non-restructive uses of which/that, you pass the test.
#BESTOFTHEBEST Comedy show @ Starlight Ballroom Sun April 29th goin b crazy starring Buckwild & Smokey hmu for tix u don't wanna miss it
After a long elimination process, I've narrowed down my next order of eyeglasses to 349284093820942398403 pairs.
I am very sorry, but Mr. Lundgren will not be available to personally respond to your inquiry. Guess the boss won't take my call.
We are at the AP Legislative Preview at the Idaho Capitol.
What did I do before Google Reader?
TONIGHT - Thursday Night Trend with DJ's A.I. & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!!!
Is it in poor taste to setup a Facebook poll asking people how long until they think a couple breaks up, and tag the couple?
DESE HATAS MAD CUZ IM SO MUTHA FUCKIN ICY I THINK IM BIG OPRAH GETTING TALK SHOWS LOL IM HI I CAN BARELY OPEN MY EYES OR C #kush&music
I was ready for the yesterday. let the countdown begin.
“: 2 more ways I know I'm getting old: I turned down going out last night to read a book and I'm watching 60 Minutes right now”
RT ": Code Pink puts out release, bragging: "Jewish American Woman from CODEPINK Interrupts Netanyahu's Speech in Congress""
i think i know what i'm gonna get you for your birthday(:
Found out this afternoon I have a big callback on Thursday morning, so tonight will be spent with my new sides...
Yeah Packers! Woo Hoo!! Brett Favre is pissed!!!
I had no idea about Android! Thank you!
saw that earlier & am seriously contemplating going haha
RIP Harry Kalas. 3 years ago today we lost one of the best MLB announcers of all time.
Going back to NJ at a great time as the NJ Devils are headed back to the Eastern Conference Finals!!
not only do i miss your talent but i miss your energy on the field.Thank you for always playing at ur best.
Don't get too excited. $1 trillion over 10 years is nothing when the deficit for this year alone is $1.4 trillion.
Would love to move up here, for my art career. Impossible, though, on many fronts.
I like that.
TAL crashed. All I could grab: "Regrettably, we have discovered that one of our most popular episodes was partially fabricated."
Seeing if the shoes your roommate always wears are gone is the urban equivalent of looking out at the driveway for his car.
grandma is in the hospital again :/
Veto the #NDAA! We're counting on you!!!
who me? Ps I haven't seen it!!
no special guest but always a great party
can't say that i have. i should listen for it. that might be a good way to make it through my run today.
That's hilarious! My top post has been about Harry Houdini lately. I mean, really? Glad I'm not the only one w/ weird traffic!
My new girl went back to get her Bachelor's...while my old girl went back to get her Master's..same graduation i was clapping on the rafters
ok but they do tattoos
So sports center downing my Kansas Jayhawks like they r sweet I believe n them.
Sex and the city reruns never get old
playin temple run and weed is the BEST combination ever
Bailey is just so damn fine, i'd tap that
sure, followed:))
merry christmas ! Listening to under the misletoe.
85% of male voters wearing boxers voted for Romney. 80% wearing briefs voted for Santorum. 100% of guys commando voted for Ron Paul!
"God covered you even when you didn't have enough sense to cover yourself." ~Pastor James Brown
Herb Mayo sauce on a Veggie Burger with all the toppings? We think so!
Hang on...lemme try get my arm stretched out of this thing...lol
God damn that's crayRT : Septa Police went on strike ... Crime is reaching a high
let's get some shoes. Omg
Okay.... Just find a happy place. It will all be over soon.......
Plane is here, but now they have to fix "a part". The 2 hour delay now looking like 3 hours. Time to look for another connecting flight.
THANK YOU YOU'RE A LIFE SAVER. <3
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!! I LOVE YOU ALL :D
Are you on the come up, or the fade out??
Love that Ethiopian Food, Alem!!
“: Why? Today is a great day to be alive & you only get to do it once...” ur right! Stay positive brother!
Home from work which was a bitch. Fucking assholes who talk and don't do shit.
i lost 4 followers ::(
She's not that good.
Yes, 100% agree! RT The People's Ordiance would be a great name for a jam band.
Was going to quit on the bike. Then I thought about Lance A. If he can win the tour on 1 nut, I can go 15 more mins with 2.
Yea! The new Lego Brickmaster set is here!
The heavier the woman, the easier to pick up.
i know just joking with you buddy ;3
Just put our whole team in there lol
The Clark Sisters "Endow Me"
Any bloggers out there use Networked Blogs? Does it spray out your posts or can you customize the messages for each channel? #digital @
Thanks for coming Sam!
and are sleeping . :p
ANYONE GOT A PS2 THAT I CAN GET?
Office Manners Tip: Obey your company's business dress attire.
Things on #Raw tonight that are awesome: 1) pretending to be drunk; 2) continuing to be over huge; 3) Edge
and I are putting our heads together on Recs to Techs
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love
wow, definitely glove weather today
Start of a new day!
Pics? You do all the fun stuff.
me either I have a android
Most of them are interesting and some are just alarming! Shows that all cultures have some major issues when it comes to religion...
100% on my quality final!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
you goin to rancid or what?
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "GOD loves us TOO much to allow us to stay tied to anyone or anything that does not bring out the best in us."
If you so sure he loves you , then why worry about me . If he loves you & then don't second guess yourself , BABY YOU MUST BE INSECURE .
Ha. You're not old enough to drink beer. Ha ha.
that's good to hear. Yep I am not to far from you. What new projects are you working on?
Worst day every
RT : I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else. ~ Winston Churchill
Just started Thursday Next, and the door to door Baconians made me chuckle. I think I'll like this book.
good. kinda sad that school started.. lol hbu?
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
reminds me of summers watching The Sandlot and listening to CCR on an old boombox by the lake.
I CAN'T WAIT, I'LL BE MEETING YOU :)))) SEE YOU THERE!
Inside jokes are rude :I
Another show added at Davenport's on Tuesday, December 21st at 8pm.
All of your business communications on one invoice, at a great price from one supplier...Globalnet Telecom 0844 880 2010
! Tue booked a Telemundo game show, and workshoped with Cathy Henderson-Martin, who's so fun and wonderful!
didn't tell them. Would have failed me then.
Ok... Are ribbons really that bad?
It will be AMAZING, Because your Austin!! (: <3 haha love you (:
lol hell yea cause I stayed Flipping that shit man for the price they going for now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
so how was your day love
RT when someone has started a new relationship save words and save time when you congratulate them and say
A standing ovation for Unsung Hero awardee Janet Yuhasz of Pittsburgh Public Schools.
Today has taken me downtown to West Louisville to Clifton for a campaign $raiser to the SW for a friend's #KYDerby138 party and then some...
Cobi Hamilton is there though
Good morning world up starting my day watching lifetime wishin I had a special people n my life,to love me n my sickness too
": Im so glad we traded that BUM Richard jefferson."you and I both
??? we didn't cut javier short. he did his encore w/o leaving the stage. even asked if he could do 1 extra & we said yea!
35 school days left!!!!
I love that movie too. Im watching too!! (:
You should totally swing by booth 1409 if you are going to Anime Central in Rosemont this weekend. :)
#getschman Getting more comfortable. Good. Do without paper. Wing it more.
Oh shit, that kids still around haha I coulda swore his herpes was really bad, oh well, guess I'll see that motha out tonight. Teehee
It wasn't a dream, and I'll need that story by noon. We have web deadlines now, Laing.
Long weekend...well needed rest.
"One's first step in wisdom is to question everything - and one's last is to come to terms with everything." -- Georg Christoph Lichtenberg
Am i that invisible??..
Cool! You going to #Cannes?
Have to go get a filling. Fml.
Enerchia tip of the day: Toasted ground chia seeds mixed with honey and cinnamon makes a great base for pie crust.
At a Nigerian and Japanese wedding. Very cool mix of cultures. Even sang 2 Japanese songs phonetically spelled out in English!
Who's coming out to our show Dec 16th? will be there, so you know it's gonna be sexy. <3
I've done editing for TSWL with trackchanges for years, but just graded my first paper this way. So much better! What took me so long?
You are a trip.... When you coming to Milwaukee.
Thanks Steph! I hope my husband doesn't see this post :) Sorry - had to say it!
OMG Adam and Jon
The #Celtics winning the rebounding battle so far.. But with Pierce on the bench no offense..
#NowPlaying- William Control- Tranquilize
yes! Go #HAWKS!
Its so cold >.<
What the fuck happened last night! Rawr
might be good. i can only think of one. :/
Hm what a wonderful morning :)
how are you?
yeah, you right. If my dad was still here...
RT Go ahead and pull Versus. Hopefully Indycar will sign a deal with a real network. (This is a possibility also.)
Make sure y'all follow :)
You cannot lead a dynamic organization from behind a computer screen. Management by walking around is too often downplayed today.
Cake cake cake cake cake cake... "if you sexy & u kno it & u aint afraid to show it put a candle on my m'f back baby blow it"
#Resonate2012 Worship Conference proved Eph.3:20 when it says, "HIM that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think".
Freaking out
The Travis Ishikawa Show is on in NYC!
RT : WI: it's not just for cheese any more! “:
Thanks for the add Ben! Looking forward to following you and checking out your
see you at the event tomorrow! Shots!
Just tapped Beer Valley Leaper Madness Imperial IPA.
And, of course, thanks also to (you're too quick for me coach), , , and
LOL It would! Must thank for the idea
Good day.(:
It's May, #Indianapolis' best month!
was in New York . You don't understand how desperately I wish to meet her and all the things I have to tell her.She's so flawless.
Sucha Beautifull day ,... and I'm stuck home doing #HW .... #great. But looking forward watching #VMA's!
Fantasy draft this evening. Pick 10, in 10 team h2h. Who do I take?
My day = made. Tripped over a curb and almost fell onto an old man and his bicycle. That man, Bill Cunningham!
everyone at the club getting tipsy =]
thanks for sharing that. They look great and I can certainly see why it took longer than 15 min!
cool. yeah you should try them sometime. :) idk where to get them from...i think just a regular grocery store but im not sure.
good thing about having Patti as Deal coordinator, Things get done with no excuses made. ..even with impacted wisdom teeth!
thank you and ok we will do the tiny tinychat at 10 mayeb if my dad leaves early your cool to
#3WordsForYou you copy...cat
RT : The evacuation order for the Delaware beaches has been lifted.
Thanks for the great information about #skillsbasedvolunteering, hope to make a pledge soon!
Just drove by a sign that said "Hot Dogs Cause Butt Cancer."
Jamaica trip Sept 14 just can't wait and I'm not goin to a resort I'm in da hood kingston Jamaica I'm not even staying at a hotel ,
Wish we couldve won but hey they fought valiantly at the end
hello my friend!
Good luck today ! You don't need it though! You will do AMAZING!
So the final scene of last night's Fringe really moved me. I wondered why, cuz I'm not super sappy. Then I figured it out.....
Well... sure, thanks. Where do they source their ingredients? Are they a big company?
happy 30th to his mole
yes i like being classy covering up my body by wearing classy clothes, no i am not a hipster so you can fuck off.
i got ma EYE on the PRIZE.....there's no STOPN me....ma GOAL is to #GET what i want and #DESTROY all ROAD BLOCKS...in the #END i will
o u already kno..Haha u all b safe for real
It was my pleasure. Glad I got to meet all of you. Cheers to your success!
“: Love learning, hate school”
Going home for the weekend!!! Have fun everyone.
New year, same ol' Twitter. My @ replies still slowly vanishing. Reported over a year ago, but emailing support again. Hope springs eternal.
the guy on 21st and Drexel 3rd house on rt has a tea cup yorkie. May be his....
I love finding out about inspiring kids and women to use as role models for little K. Who inspires you?
Where is that?????
Jimmy P and Enrique steaming up the tasting room patio with their Hot latin Guitar sounds until 5. Be here.
Revamped webpage has most of the FY11 drama, but still under cnstrction. Ready for the FY12 start on Thursday. peopleofboston.org
Regularly scheduled Skype conference call for the next Hour.
(I'm repeating somebody's words, but I concur) You have a delightful way of 'pulling things out of ppl.' Your chairing was XCLNT
Keep up the good work Danielle!
Ai throwback jersey
Good and you?
I'm happy.My mentor John Maxwell, got me my very first keynote. I loved it and came alive on stage. :)
"I am a working man, i get things done, work 4 the Holy Ghost, work 4 the Son" great song to listen while u r at the factory
what thing
we have power, you don't :-( ?
I let ppl subscribe to me on Facebook and then have friends as ppl I've actually met.
When is the last time you cried
McCarthy did look like he was unhappy with Slocum. RT : Was it Slocum coming onto field to congratulate Cobb? RT:
good morning !!
#archives Defining Success in Community Colleges One Bean at a Time We are deep into the era of accountability and the “bean counters” ru
Writing a text and erasing it bc you think it thru <<
what's the rule on those? I grew up with them and since I moved to San Diego, I've missed them...
What are your thoughts on Missing? I've only seen 3 or 4 eps but been enjoying it. Very big budget, too!
RT RT Too many of us fall in love with the idea and not the person.
Amused that my GMail auto-detects mail from Google corporate as spam.
THANKS DAVE SEE YA THEN
i can't possibly explain how happy i am that is following me. life complete.
Come Home Baltimore is in full force at tonight's Oliver Community Association meeting including Earl, Dave, Jevon, Ryan and George.
follow me so I can DM you!
Okay, I think it's about time we make a break for it!
how u get all them followers
Only picture I see is your's.
#AmericanIdol Jessica Sanchez rocks everything good and magical.
Its hard 2 be friends with bitches who are mentally weak.
CONT... #Justice was not served in the #family that #lost their #Son in trial.
Big ups Nicole, you fiyah girl!
My ovaries
