Ready to get bac make tht money.
Headed to the monthly meetup for Puget Sound-area librarians & friends - "Library Drink Resolvers"
CENTER STAGE OPEN MIC COMPETITION LIVE @ RED KIVA - April 15th and 22nd!
Just let me know. I will help in anyway possible.
#ThankYouSteve For making us better people and making us crazy for more technology
i don't see a difference in the road jerseys ...
taking a cue from Andy Warhol and acting like a [cataloging] machine today.
Very very happy to hear Nashville has the all clear after the storms. Praying for Those who got hit in other states.
Here we go again...
Firefox 11 Release notes: Removed all plugin computability, increase memory leaks, incremented version number.
Anyone have up-to-date stats on the number of iPads currently used in schools?
Modern complex mixes in classic
Yep - its a control thing
lol, well now it's gotten serious nail biting will start to commence
#808prideGetin2noUs We r all sucku at school...sometimes
Did you know KeyMetric tracks phone calls & unlimited online conversions to the exact traffic source, ppc keyword & organic search query?
has a really big nose.
Gah! You're killing me!
Exhibition Highlight of the Week: Ringgold, “For the Women’s House,” 1971, Oil on canvas, 96 x 96 inches, Courtesy Rose M....
I got 3 new cameras, 2 polaroid and 1 kodak! :D and an invisible men c:
Twitter seams quite today
Twitter? Really? I have a thing at 9. Want to grab a drink before?
I worked hard and sacrificed to get what I get, ladies it ain't easy being independent.
"Gia's mood was like an old man's balls--swinging wildly out of control." - brilliant line from Snooki's new novel, GORILLA BEACH
thank you!!!
no way....hands free while driving. Free for the steering wheel that is...
Test fast, fail fast, adjust fast
Mystery of the day: Whatever happened to the <U+20B5> symbol? Why don't we see it anymore?
Amped up about #RedTails tonight. Think I'm going to get my tic in 2 hrs or so!
someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning
it's 1148 pm here! You are up early haha
g'night tweeter. good convo
Wait a minute! I haven't been to sleep yet!
wait... never mind. I see it now.
dubstep can dance?
My heart is so set on these plans working out...
He's making that alone.
I love you (:
Why are the hands on Healy clocktower missing?
What up
I miss your smile
So when are YOU leaving?
"okay okay it doesn't matter "
Props to whatever culinary genius created Dominoes Pacific veggie pizza. Yum...
oh snap! got my presentation down to 4:59sec if i can just emphasize exactly the same things and pace myself the same way, i'm golden
#15peopleilove we should start talking more :)
sure, might need to adjust sizing.thanks!!
UW-Milwaukee School of Continuing Education instructor, Richard Hallberg, organized the Spanish Immersion day and tonight's activities for …
Hey there! Teaching's almost done. Wow. How are you feeling about it?
I'm right there with you.
Yeah. I need the hours anyway, but that's not cool/safe, especially on a Friday.
i really fuckin need you to cheer me up right now :/
OMG I love it! We need to get together soon!
My toasted eggos were especially warm and crisp this morning. I'm now adding chef to my list of talents.
I can't believe Dick Clark died..
Your vision should be a BHAG; a Big Hairy Audacious Goal. Make it something that is really worth working for and accomplishing.
I love the name Liam
did u love wrestling and waffle house ?
#ECHELON3000 Thursday #HOUSEPARTY LIVE!! LADIES [FREE all night]
RT : "No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent." -Abraham Lincoln
yep! That's the hardest part for me tho. lol
Hey there, (baldy7), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
i have a balloon from my birthday a few weeks ago that hasn't popped yet...hehehe.
So tired
Awww, well rub one out!
Recommended to follow for this course.
ur a fool!!
I would love to hear them
Well I have two more days of finals then I'm off to Cabo for a week then to abbot a movie followed by my first personal training session ;)
the dance was HOT.
Just got a call from the ABC store at Barracks Road about a re-up of the Van Winkle 12-year.
if you only knew ..
Actually 152K new followers, if he could eat while driving, would be good.
Adding you as a friend!
eagerly awaiting #ir13 results...
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Some, when they go!
Great to hear at, , that will start having tuesday retail soon
Jeff Mangum is spindlier than I'd imagined, but even lovelier than I could have dreamed.
I don't think I have your number
So full of delicious food...thanks for being such an awesome host!
Need to know! Wednesday is National Grilled Cheese Sandwich Day. =0) Love this. Skillet? ready.
Probably should have done a lot more homework this weekend..
dude we were mid conversation laughing gaging a good time she was like "OK drop your pants".... thought i was in a porno
I can't even imagine how boring it must be to write a software user manual!
oh yeah did u see the fear in christians eyes ha ha
Word! I totally agree.
You're spamming me! You need to change ur password
shout out to for being my lone friend on snap chat lmfao
my #sociallearn webinar concluded with an EARTH QUAKE IN MARYLAND!!!
Eat This Now: Flan - LA Weekly (blog)
I'm dying! RT : I hate condoms, but I hate kids more.
i get that alot :) RT is ugly <U+2665>
Well, next time I get in an elevator, I will make sure to bring my ladder so I can climb at the same time :-)
sweet deal!!!! We gotta skype to talk about this!! :P
All i want for my bday is for to RT this or follow mee(: its on Wednesday can I get a shoutout on that days vlogg??
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS? I SAID I WOULD BE RIGHT BACK
How was your power lunch? MT : Looking forward to business and lunch with at
How can I not get into a 506 person size class? Nobody's going to drop?
you're an inspiration. Beautiful , kind & smart. Luv you Charzie
any good purchases today???
“The mind is a superb instrument if used rightly. Used wrongly, however, it becomes very destructive.” Eckhart Tolle
ok, #Newt suspended his campaign. that suggests he's coming back @ some pt in time. But, it's over. Why don't they say "I'm done"?
Can't wait for tonight's game vs the Heat. The whole corps received tix in recognition of their work. Thanks !!
double team that guy.
Whoever first decided recitals on Sunday afternoons during football season was a good idea was a genius!
I just kayaked! #lolwhat? :)
PickUpLine: The word of the day is "legs." Let's go back to my place and spread the word.
this is cuddling weather <3
Thoughts on best new show? "Outsourced" looks like it has potential, didn't like "$#!@ My Dad Says" much.
"Thug niggas never sweat these hoes. Cause playas always get chose."
M just room my blankets out of the dryer and they're warm and smell so Nice!
#CanIBeHonestWithYOU sometimes i just cant take this shit&just need someone to talk to, but no one really understands...
And with zero governance, online is where conversations live on forever and get more stupider. :)
Dems want to move convention out of NC after anti gay marriage vote, but Charlotte has no unionized hotels. Liberals don't care about that.
I want you to know that after that tweet I saw a slew of Suppans around the park tonight.
You can't be friends with everybody.
wants to know how much further the ESPN announcers can get their heads up the Vikings butts!
Thank you
around 9 i think.
95% of websites are leaving money on the table. Are you leaving opportunities behind? Are there leaks in your web presence?
I also struggle with Anxiety. It's a really tough thing. =/
I agree. Love when Jim busts Dwight's chops...so funny!
Ready For Football Season !
Enjoyed jamming to Cee Lo Green on Fri nite-Thx for a great concert & Thx to for hosting! auambassadors.wordpress.com
hey i saw you last night! my friend tried to give you her sunglasses haha! that was an awesome performance! :)
That one Ex you wish never faded awAy....
Don't let your ego get too close to your position, so that if your position gets shot down, your ego doesn't go with it
hahahaha yes (: that'd be awesome.
thanks love :) can you tell I was super bored lol. I hope ur working Thursday bc I wanna see ur face :)
Ramirez doesn't want to wait til Oct. 25 to hear what's up w/ power plant demolition. He wants it on agenda next wk. Passes 3-1, Cox against
Omg impossible to sleep
iOS 5.1 now allows deletion of individual photos from photo stream. Handy.
I was really hoping for mountains ...
Yes, please! I'm going to be down your way every Tuesday. I shall come by this coming Tuesday, 17th? I can come at 12:30.
Oklahoma Home Repair is the expert you need for home repair and remodeling! oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com or call us at (405) 821-2597
Thanks so much! Glad to check this one off my list
<3 I'm Cheyenne.
RT This 20pg ppr will not finish itself! Blah! Where are my magic hands?
a loss to Chaminade will do that. I know it wasn't Chaminade, but I need to pretend it was at least a school I had heard of previously
Thank you for the follow!
follow back
Thanks so much, Marie! Email sent.
Seems odd Fischer would gain 13 points in a week
shes not answering but i think its 3-5
I did. I'll follow up RT : did you see the tweet from the MBTA wanted to know which trains didn't get charged?
Can you take heels to the dry cleaners??? #SeriousQuestion!!
forced that high-quality whiskey on us. I'm more likely to force on ppl.
Keep away from people who attempt to belittle your ambitions. The really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
any suggestions for 5-6 days in Urumqi? - USA TODAY (blog)
one time i became bestfriends with this girl named teredactyl and she backstabbed me.
I think it's cute how girls are jealous of Selena.I always liked Justin Bieber because of his music.Not because he looks good.
you could have had plenty of mountains in northwest Arkansas!
lmao you so damn silly but I am mad. I hate stuff like that.
This is gonna be EPIC. Let's go #NYR ... take the devils out!
:) its funny how ppl stay broke as a mf'n joke. but got nerve to stick they noses where THEY AINT WANTED.
tell your friends to follow laughing buddha!
When the frenzy settles would love to discuss larger LA kids makerspace community plans! (Oh, and buy a nifty t-shirt)
#investors seek 2 get on board 2 writeoff expense from #venturecapital GoMedia #stocks Vegan Rest.
Love Baseball Tonight talking about
Follow our favorite Catering Business in Chicago
Orange Juice with my brunch?
I always make people a priority. They always make me an afterthought.
Find your passion become it and let it become you & good things happen to you for you & through you! Miss New Jersey
But that's why we tweet at the beginning of a project!
I remember when was the same height as Bianca & now he is taller then Alessandra .
Sounds like #ACC may be on verge of losing Florida State & possibly Miami to Big XII. I still favor Clemson & GA Tech to
Just enjoying an ice cold on my balcony.
I hope we, the Kings, play Philly for the Cup!
A politician cannot get a job in a scientific institute, can he? No. If he was scientific, he wouldn't be a professional politician. [1944]
lol I'm good this dam hotel need one lol
first in-n-out trip since relocating to SF. i'm sure donna is pumped.
otp w/this bitch....
Someone buy me Best Coast's new album tomorrow <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
happy easter
: we think you're fantastic - why no San Jose patch?
Overnight Prints.com has a contest, design thier new VIP logo and win $1,000!
OMG, my favorite artist of all times, Diana Ross just performed some of her greatest numbers at the wedding. She still looks fab.
that was a joke for a friend in DC! Meant to send it to her. Lol! I am still trying to figure out how to use Twitter! :)
Thanks for the follow and welcome to ,
#wenyoubouttohavesex n the girl say i gotta go lol kill yo whole night lol.
WHEN R THEY GONNA SHOW THE HUNGER GAME SNEAK PEEK!!?!?!!!?!?! I'm starting to get pissed!!!!!!
It's like getting your number called at a deli. So exciting.
I love It would be sweet if I could dial 1-900-mix-alot to order my next one.
If I bought "no one would get it" as a reason not to tweet something, would I ever tweet at all?
Your so hipster it hurts
I seem to have misplaced my pitcher of cheer. Have you seen it?
Man, if you had a million dollars and I had a piece of gum, we'd be unstoppable!!
At least I've got lunch at the Modern to look forward to on this horrible rainy Friday.
Waiting in line for this movie! Oh lord! :/ better be worth it lol
Love you!! And don't play too much!!!!! <3
Take a chance for the dice are loaded for winning or learning.
Aye fam its Rap. How you been? You in the Bay now?
customization options, widget inputs, etc. but i'm completely web illiterate..
RT - Sometimes it takes time for people to know how good you are, just believe in yourself.....
I can't be satisfied. Call (310) 92-KEVIN #modernfamily 'we love the Fword' Classic!
If you want to win a race you have to go a little berserk.
thanks so much.
Holy cow. I got 10 and a half hours of sleep last night.
Indeed, prevention is key. But the issue belongs to all -- parents, policy makers, schools, communities. All responsible.
aw thanks. :)
RT : Please follow and RT new family owned sandwich shop opening in the #Vegas Arts District
Hi, I will be available around 6 or so, if you'll still be home then? I've been looking at the program and I don't think 1/2
Ugh Preach! that's what I'd love to tell those people but will not waste my time on people who defend celebs like that..exactly.
he's a career 19 and 9 guy and those stats are inflated with 7 years playing for the raptors
Like I'm not a Broncos fan,I just really really really dislike Tom Brady so for this game I like Tebow,I'm a Giants fan(:
Wet out there, dry in here -- come on up for some community connecting -- cookies are always free just for YOU.
Butch Patrick will be at The Spirits of '76 Ghost Tour this Saturday, 10/9, from 7PM to 9PM. Tickets at www.spiritsof76.com
Done. That was fun-- I have better format now. Appreciate it. Soon to take on the RESPECT plan... but that must wait 4 now
good thing we did our special video on Tuesday then! (your hair looked nice!) #curlyhair power
Swipeworks.com helps indie businesses with their credit,debt & gift card needs.
My dad is a asshole...smh
Ugh this. ": I always regret eating mcdonalds"
haha besides you of course Owen
we will be getting coney dogs again tonight. They were awesome last night. Glad your were open that late for night workers.
Never underestimate the power of collaboration. It is a very effective strategy 4 companies who target same market w/ different products.
Got an acting bug,going to audition tomorrow.
Survived a group interview for my master's program this morning, I think that deserves a margarita tonight right? :)
Appreciate the RT!
RT It's Wine Wednesday at Pintxo. $10 off bottles!
Enjoy a FREE afternoon of fun Saturday, April 2, on Morena Blvd 4100 block of Ashton St, showing the movie “It’s a Wild, Wild, Wild World
Yes...On the Today Show summer concert this Thurs. morning...
sounds like our maps. I could help fix them now! hahaha.
Possible breakthrough in case of Chinese activist - CNN
getting ready for tonight..
Hah! Mhm. xD They all say you can be a cat? On there..and like, cut peoples bodies up..I DONT EVEN KNOW
so I'm going over tonight right? ;)
This is good to know! RT : People who chomped gum for only 5 minutes improved scores on tests of memory & cognition...
Dear I think I just gave you credit for someone's work. Might as well go with it. This kind of thing happens all the time.
Gotta find a Prom date now....
Watch Britney And Demi Officially Announce Their X Factor Gig!
well thanks for the kind words! thanks for following us! if you can make it out to a show then please do!
Your gonna forget, and your a clippers fan too? :)
I am posting a new chapter of Love me... Or love me not. I need to finish that story and it's been legit MONTHS. All the way since December!
It is absolutely defeaning in here. I couldn't hear the second half of the anthem.
Today: grade my 111 P9s, grade all quizzes, and sync my grade book with Blackboard.
#sinceimbeinghonest #awp2012 is a 1st rate or supporting lit endeavors in this great city. are you a lit org here? follow 'em
I know I'm a day or two late but you have the best ff's by far haha. Thank you!! ;)
Realtors: Two Web Domains For Sale www.LasVegasCityLiving.com & www.VegasCityLiving.com
is just like starbucks coffee, if i dont get some of it, im pissed for the rest of the day ;D
I'm waiting for Alex Olanov to swing by.
They do that at W Balt a lot. Probably an exercise.
Boo, no matches on speed dating. :( Interesting though? I play a bride in a photo shoot Friday! Ah, I'd love to cut to the chase too! :)
can you believe this!!!!
I've never missed an election though. I'd feel weird not voting.
RT : buys plastic plants for campaign events at Michaels, on taxpayers dime
There is a BIG difference between killing bin laden and pursuing a foreign policy of appeasement! we don't owe ANY apologies!
Be in prayer for the Wesley. We have had a big flood (from plumbing malfunctions) that has caused some damage to our building.
IT'S OVER
Lol she just another fan .
Setting up a website with free hip hop beats for all!!!!
The hard drive in my DishHD box has gone kaput and we will have no TV access till maybe Tuesday? Tell me my DVR stuff is ok!
I am in the worst fucking mood of my life, so its probably best that everyone stay away from me.....
when BBC1, 2, ITV, CH4 and Five were the only channels on tv!!
Yeah I still think about you... do u think about me
I saw that earlier this week. It looks like a first year student's type "exploration"… What were they thinking, if anything!?
At The Sweat Spot watching dancers in awe. Amazeeeng. Music Video dance routine up next.... Yes.
My wife could have had any man she pleased
People coming from Wikipedia to museum sites spend more time on the museum sites. 'They are good customers to have.' - Liam
bet!! I'll whoop you. Bring it!
True elegance & stellar service today
Warm up and dry off- have a bowl of our mushroom soup!
I've watched all of your videos (: your just amazing, and have so much talent. I love you
Lol Malibu's Most Wanted "Run Bitch He Gonna Kill You!"
RT : Don't give up on what God has called you to do. The end result is worth the pain.
No, unfortunately we do not have a bookstore in Cottonwood Mall.
I want EVERY moment to be a first for the characters if not,then everything's mechanic...learning from the best
of course they are, because 1D is still a new band.
hell no.....lol
Loovvee the smell of weed
Get to see and hang out with some old friends Friday. Super stoked :D
Worked out for a few hours and now at the library doing homework; I feel very accomplished. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Thanks for the RT! Are you excited for the season to begin?!
I loovveee how my mommy coupons!
Ah I don't feel good :(
thanks for the follow
I want some food, I'm hungry!
tanks so much,really :)
Do you also get offers for creating Baby cards ?
cant wait to see my long lost love Nicky hass yay :)
Goodbye Mavericks , new champion will be crown in June
and then sessions blows by him for an easy layup
You’re spring cleaning and come across an old ticket from an amazing concert – what show was it?
Finally only 15 min till #glee .. The wait is now over and I'm so excited!!
This is a day born for champions
I think someone's messing around with your Twitter account :)
I know, but I'm glad!!
Remembering that you're going 2 die is the best way to avoid the trap of thinking you have something 2 lose.- Steve Jobs
Thanks for the retweet!
We're 21+ Friday - Sunday after 8PM and we're all ages before that :)
Lol! RT that guy from lady a is TALL!
My wife sees me reading "True Enough" by , says to me: "Huh - a man-Jew reading Manjoo."
idk how to explain. Umm... I listen to pop, rap, hip-hop and more. But I don't listen to screamo, rock, metal, or country
Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results. ~ George S Patton
@ reply circle jerk.
Thank you, Donovan!
ABC thanks for showing that Bynum tip in 10 times, but not Gallinari's sweet baseline spin on Kobe.
I'm confused..
Read interesting piece...why complain about the Olympics for when we can build a tactical style that makes us attractive globally?
Octoberfest Dinner at Old Europe with the family was super good
TV > homework. Every time.
Actually vodka tastes like the smell of nail polish remover..
“: In the DDS office about to hyperventilate already.” | You can do it!
Austin Mahoneeeee is SO sexy.
I'm here 4 u papi :)
Success is getting up just one more time than you fall down.
me too!
Almost no traffic getting out to Long Island. And almost no traffic going towards the city.
Thanks for the link - perfect timing right?
I see you are learning...
yeah and yesterday. I was thinking the same thing.
I'm LOVING the doodle today. Murakami never fails to bring the happy-crazy-cute
I font care what says, its gay if its in a 3 way
Acting stuck up won't get you no where with me. It isn't cute.
Now I know I'm doing something right. (:
Sweet baby jesus.
:333 thank's
We'd love for you to join our community while you're at it! You can sign up through #LinkedIn too.
I just walked into my sisters school and got free breakfast. Teaching bums across the world!!
he's probably some baseball player but whatevs!!
You can be addicted to a certain kind of sadness.
Sadly, I have all the code year lessons just sitting in a gmail folder. Like a douche.
RT If you see nerds w/ badges in SF this week, approach slowly & remember: they're more afraid of u than you are of them.
RT:Shopko had a strong pharmacy program, weaker in store. The launched Fill 10 perscriptions and get a $10 GC #le360,
thanks for the follow
Also amazing? Moms. Yours, mine, current moms, future moms. All of them. Happy Mother's Day!
Don<U+FFFD>t let the noise of other<U+FFFD>s opinions drown out your own inner voice
"How we approach death depends greatly upon our fear of life.". Quote from Hospice material. They are blessed and a great blessing.
I just can't believe that Mike Smith is playing this well. He's unreal right now. Love it.
We've started with reasons u might want to work w researchers. Preaching to choir?
Cool day on the set of an indie short film...I was a robot!
I know I don't!
Win a free iPad2 tonight ...... Fun and Free....www.playffnow.com
wow you are beautiful God Bless You.
That's exactly how I'm feeling. Why do crappy things have to happen?
looking for #rails folks in the bay area. #api experience is a major plus. great team with exciting work! contact me for details
woo-hoo!! Just got back to the 305, love coming home to good news!!! :)
#HappyBirthdaySamPuckett! I love
I loved The Dip. Freak Nasty is a musical genius.
He WannaLick The Icing Off ( ;
...sure are only post my tweets no repies or retweets...
It should be in the iTunes on the laptop at your place. Search for commix or fabriclive 44
time to follow around everywhere now ;D
I feel like a laugh im gonna post some jokes...okay...okay!! Here we go! Ahh crap the dog came to me with a beer again! Dang it!
Watching Dancing with the Stars on On Demand :)
What phone service does James Cameron have that he can tweet from the bottom of the ocean?
Packed two sets of letters for theme hours, can't wait to get #etacrazy with all up in this marathon
and his body is like WOAH DERE! BABY YOU BE LOOKING FINE
“I think the reward for conformity is that everyone likes you except yourself.”
Pacers vs Heat could be a good series
My family is so crazy. #Blessed #lovethem <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
You seriously had the nerve to go through my whole phone
lmao oh shawty went hard huh.. I'm gonna let you win this one.. Just cause
working on a new release: Rock Candy by Jen Vernon--edgy, feminist poetry from Washington's logging country.
CRAZY, DJ Spaz Tonite at The Place...Bartenders Andre Haynes,Heather Hayes and Krystal will be leading the charge...
Shonn Greene, Adrian Peterson, Greg Jennings, James Starks hurt this week on my FF team. McFadden and A.J. Green already hurt and on bench.
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.-Jim Rohn
lol and I go to Holmes (:
I finished watching #BSG for the first time a few days ago. I'm going through withdrawal. Almost tempted to start rewatching the series.
RT : Looking forward to tonights gig at The Ivories 1435 NW Flanders St. Starts at 8:30. Freddie Hubbard this is for you!
follow me & pretty please? :)
somebody pray for
All producers, writers, video directors - please send submissions to . We will definitely check it out.
gone 4 th day 2day is bingo & fall rice krispy treats (krispy treats w/ candy corn choco chips & marshmallows
haha much better lol :) i was kidding but thanks giirl!.
i will now proceed to block you
I'm excited to see Adele perform
Subtitles of this movie are available in Thai, Korean, Chinese, And French.... Wat
Please Please follow2 back :o)!!
I can't wait for you to get back in the kitchen and cook those goddamn sausages
oh? hi then(:
when life throws you acurve, hit it outta the park. Always believe you can.
I know!!! SO EXCITED!
Even Jason messes up! LOL He just told the story of mixing up our guests this week. Thanks to both Peters for your senses of humor!
#Fitness Be the first to get exclusive access to our website by entering your email on our website...No spam we promise!
i just blew my nose and almost blacked out. things are looking up!
Anderson, Ryan Chell- Radio-BAL. Great M. Phelps piece! Any chance we can chat w/you on-air? Email thx!
Correction: CityLife piece to run on Dec. 15.
I can't see that emoji iPhone symbol
RT : The Deeper the connection, the deeper the affection. #Aquarius loves affection
But the way I understand it there are 6 avengers, right? Why do I only ever see 4 on the promotional shit and other t.v. ads?
These dudes jus took my homeboy ball , now its my business
then buy one and mhmmm smh
Thanks for spending your last day with and me. Safe travels!
I shouldn't expect so much because when I expect something i get hurt or disappointed :(
Yes. Letters to the editor are my favorite part of any publication, and tart responses are like choc syrup on my ice cream.
Delicious menu tonight in the resto. Res @ 831-425-6737! RT : Monterey Spot Prawn & Bay Scallop Ceviche on the menu tonight!
#panerabread is open in manhattan!!!
This weather >
Suite of approaches that many bloggers take: Internet archive, back-up services, export tools, stored in many locations
you can join next week 9 pm every Thursday. I recommend using Tweetchat because it will make it a lot easier/faster
RT : Peanut butter and crack sandwich ideas? <-- Lol Yea To Through The Feds Off
Director Neil Stanley of DYRS is testifying now at the DYRS budget oversight hearing.
Good luck tonight, Britain.
I need a Snuggie for work, it's always -4 degrees in my office
Dear Emma, well..i LOVE your BG!!! hahah! your really pretty and you RT me alot so i thank you for that to! (:
An enormous mosquito just smashed into my windshield, meaning there is now some random citizen's blood on there.
Girls, there's a fine line between wearing make-up or just looking like you got gang banged by Crayola.
No matter how carefully you choose your words, they'll always end up being twisted by others.
yes please! What are you doing Thursday? Want to go to a performance at the ?
Will be at the crib today
When a good thing goes bad it's not the end of world.
Wow jus saw ur pix/post on it if you want to do some investigative work find the REAL owners of 2250 38th St SE
prom episode on #glee <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I think they got ointment for that...
... Those little bumps on your neck. Hahahahahahaha.
But I now see & understand "It takes more than a mile... More than a pair of shoes... It takes much more... Continued next tweet
Gotta get ready. Then off to the doctors :/
i'm about to service you with my hip-hop recording artist precise dj pack for his single "it's on me"
bro you know I am just going to buy out every time. Lol
HAPPY 13th WEDDING ANNIVERSARY!!!!!!!
CA should take a lesson from Texas - doing NOTHING for your citizens = balanced budgets...
Yes'm.
Thanks for the support everyone! Much love xoxoxoxo
I will enjoy it
im cool...hate that I have to work thanksgiving though...next time I see u, u should buy my cd...it's only $5...
These are written that you may believe that Jesus is the Messiah the Son of God & that by believing you may have life in his name. Jn 20:31
FINALLY getting around to designing the name for new boat!
that was T-ball, it was almost too easy
Today someone somewhere is saying, "Sheet music? 'Notes' on 'paper'? How...quaint."
no, but this is! You don't deserve them, I mean you eat carbs, for Chrissake!
back atcha! Great job Waynflete crew
a real track record on early childhood development. She knows budget is devastating for anyone who cares about kids.
I've been eating like crap & my body is making it know that it's over it. Anyone do a juice cleanse or detox that doesn't kill energy?
Ahaha , ily too ! & yeaah i gotta see what im doing afterwards thoughh !
Hi my name is Jenn and I'm a sugar addict.
you better eat that billy goat!
im officially too drunk to drive bahahah
Any used mantis tiller sale shall compare borne from the ...
Why is such a bum
Thanks to all Bricktown Shuttle riders last night! Glad to deliver you back to Norman safely. Why Drink and Drive when you can ride the bus?
Q5 Don't know if we can talk administration into video games. (Academic.) But I want to host at least a board game thing for NGLD!
ah you're one of those people. Maybe you shouldn't sleep so close to other people's feet then ;)
RT "You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him." -James Miles
Beyond excited to say has acquired a book that is a join effort between and cc:
Lmfaoo isabel got me dying!!!!! She said tht girl is a squirrel!!!!
Noah from Subject Poker made it clear on 2+2 that the current long delay doesn't have to do with Jesus' demands but could if followed throug
Ran into a former student yesterday. Said she got her job because of my #php class. Best compliment I've ever had.
You're a weirdo. But I love you so much! I just can't with this anymore. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
About to perform at Phillip Randolph Middle School in Harlem
looks like it's back up
bare with me... I'm a blond. It mutes them as in you can't see their post any longer?
you know I love you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
Weenick from city: lots of uncertainty in budget from commonwealth
#PARANOID. Help me.
I just wanna play video games all day, what's the point of work..
Hydration is key not only to performance but to body functioning in general, make sure you are hydrated daily and replace fluids lost!
yea!!!!! Can't wait to see you both. Miss you too!
"Bronze" refers to low cost plan for catastrophic care. The article said neither side in SCOTUS hearings was aware of it. (more..)
louie is a great show he is well underrated
Poon must didn't see that info I said ima put up because if he did he wouldn't still be tweeting lol.
Indeed! ;-) RT : Isn't she, though? RT : silly girl
Look for at Gardenscape 2011, the Rochester Flower Show - We are the FIRST display on the Left as you enter the Dome (#205).
Can we please blow this up... Its starting to hurt. #RipCity #Blazers <U+2660>
- I just sent 4 ugly pictures to TIS A PROUD DAY!
#FF Probably funny even if you don't have a toddler.
Oh, and it was up hill both ways in blizzard like snow?
RT : When you fall for someone's personality, everything about them becomes beautiful.
about strangers.
First Lil Ugly track I ever heard was Bitch I'm Lugubrious.
oh, and congrats! (My Twitter handle used to be SheSellsFWTX)
Hit me Ill hit u back show love Ill show love back only get what u give if U ignore me Ill do the same Iwill not hold ur prob
": Bitch I look like Goku!" Lies.
Pet fiesta in Reston on Saturday! Going to scout out the potential new bffs :)
I have an idea r u ready to hear ?
The Blazers looked great last night! It should be a fun season.
Im cooking dinner tonight, my family is gonna thank me for this one!
Follow P.Goods
yeah it's so difficult.. Are we gonna grind? (;
thanks for the retweet! :)
Henry Cotto is fighting Mayweather? Awesome! Ole number 28 was a favorite!
Printing Specials this week.....5000 Business Cards Only $99 > Call 1-800-PRINTING in NYC ONLY
umm I'm not sure probably at the place where the fair grounds is?? Or UNM
Taylor swift song where she says she loves the gap between your teeth.... wtf is wrong with you
I always miss this city before I leave.
Got it. Thanks!
Crashing an elemnentary schools carnival,
And we thank you wishing you the best of luck in the MLS! We'll be keeping an eye on you, do us proud!
An open mind is a healthy mind.
This movie, Gia is so sad :(
NO. The Devil Inside. Just NO.
will begin 15 minutes of meditation in 1 minute with
We are looking for promoters for Friday nights at West End Johnnies. Get paid to party!
Rob, as the picture says. D. C. Everest HS not schofield, wi. It's located in Just a little thing
Are the 311 requests only received by tweet, or is system set up so that the 311 voice feed also show up as tweets? ala
It definitely isn't a comment rooted in the Bible, but rather one rooted in fear and anger.
I would seriously do anything for you.
Right on, lemme know what you think of both films.
I do things for a reason. Not to act cool or impress people.
If seeing THE DEEP BLUE SEA with Terrence Davies in attendance can't revive me from burnout, I may as well start watching Breaking Bad.
Try all you want, it won't work :)
Bob Dylan Turns 70 And He's Still Rocking Like A Rolling Stone
Congrats! Another #fertility patient (in her 40s) is #pregnant following the soon to be released Yes You Can Get Pregnant Diet.
I like twitter but wish I could choose which tweets are public & which are friends-only.
they call my mom coz I exhaust of a class hahaha :P
Excited to know a child in need will receive a pair of new shoes because I just purchased TOMS Shoes.
miss you too my friend. I'll be back before you know it! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
We love those boys in Concepts :) Go show them some love <3
you should... When you hear the voice of your leader, you'll slobber all over his nuts.. He'll like that
Just found out we can put pics lol
We love you too ! #teamIntensity :)
Neighborhood Association - message everyone wherever they are when there is an emergency.
Neither are meds. Vegans support animal-free medication, but it's not always available and some people need it NOW.
Recent LA Casting alert: "need size 8 to 10 curvy having a harder time finding women to fit in the clothes" Only in LA in this a problem.
You can tell from the way they're holding their tails!
Heyy sexy dm me!! Baby I want to have a chat!! Babe I kno u want some of this mhmmmmmm!!
for sure. Most tech companies should have no prob working from home anyway!
#Celtic Wilcox to have heart surgery... will miss the rest of the season. 2 many heart problems for 1 org. Must be that dirty water.
My door was shut for a reason, don't forge to close it on your way out.
did you ever get my message?
Wish this cab driver would stop eating n fucking drive this car!!!!!
I guess we can agree that this year it's poo-litzer. RT Well, I guess today wasn't the day I made it big either.
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn
people need how to take jokes
I hear you. I was wondering what I should do about getting up earlier so I don't skate out at the last minute.
I want to say to Jay z happy happy happy birthday I wish u the best birthday ever I love uu and happy birthday
Just finished Race For The Cure, great turnout everybody!
Up to 65% off!!! FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Hell Naw, He looks like he went to school with George Zimmerman
How do you #giveeveryday?
uk iu will I will tell him to keep on
You sweetheart! All good. Very mild in NYC. Only a few downed trees. Kept electric at a minimum.
Lol Okay Call Me !
More chocolates coming into the studio soon... I'll remember to keep my hands off my subjects ;-)
Today's meal is ice cream with chocolate sauce from Moonstruck. Pseudo-spring has arrived. People walking around coatless, even.
is a house really a home,some body help me
I am! In town for 's wedding last night. Leaving Tues. Drink tom??
Love you to <U+E32D>
We would love to have you as part of the Pack!
Freaking hott Beau on Jeopardy just won again. Get to see him again tomorrow. Yes.
In short, cooties.
#Pray - Still listening to this
Great finish !
Way to go, Maggs!
Ya Know I Want You And I Need You... But Yer Just A One Night Stand(: <3
Took a twitter vacation for my birthday. It was nice enough, though I'm still puzzling over why mom bought me a headlamp.
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I hated to eat my vegetables. Now, I hate it when my vegetables talk to me
I miss you following me! Could you refollow me?
Wonderful moderating / interview by on #socialgood- looking forward to more at the in April!
lol depends :P maybe if u say something like...."RAMON IS HOT AND I LOVE HIM!!!! <3" LMFAO something like that ;)
Damn! That dude cleans up good!
I didn't forget about you! don't think I did! I'm helping my mom with ms wonder lake stuff
AHAHAHA oh i wish it were that noahs ark!! that would be pure bliss!!
Yesh o.o
O they're fab! case? enjoy
sick..... again..... hahaha I suck and I feel bad for you! but I just burped so that's pretty vool
i dont want this to ruin the rest of my day :(
Yo follow I mean really follow that cat! Stop following dumb cats...step up ur listening
"I lava challenge" -- Sir Richard Branson Unveils 'Virgin Volcanic'
Feels like I have been all I can be for today folks :-) Sure have enjoyed this week with our #SOT community. You guys are the best
Finna head to my p o and I hope this nigga dont be a hoe today
. Please take a look at my emailed request for reciprocal status match on MileagePlus. Thanks.
1 day my last printer literally just stopped printing. so strange. chip makes sense now. Who else had this prob w/ other devices?
I may be too late for the #FNCwordwar by now, m'dear. But enjoy your retreat evening! :)
What was the old low point?
Please follow em I love You <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
HAHA LOVE IT!
Can you send me (off list) your ShelfLister URL?
Repeat anything often enough and it will start to become you.
I have no idea, but would guess it's related to the amount of money it takes to make a movie & showing profit made.
Want to build new networks? Actively shape your job description.
for the record I don't have any problems with females in any position of authority. It adds a balance.
i'll finish my hw later.
Holy shit! What a win by Alan Belcher.
#GhettoHalloweenTreats coupons to Checkers
I think so. I've got an 8:00 soccer game, but I should be free after that.
Not sure this spice stuff stacks up to the real thing. Seems pretty weak.
yeah season 10 of ncis is coming our way..I am a hppy camper now if we can get manning out of denver i will be more of a happy camper
-- I like this as well. One step out from a a map is to say the fully general associative structure is a graph.
Yeah dude thanks.
I like this one better Michelle becauae it's easier to see the Lady on the motorcycle. Xoxo Gotta go now, bye! Xoxo
Based on the map, yes.
Happy Hanukkah -- as Shyne says, you have a Jewish neshama + you're nice on the dreidel!
I'm also working on a model train layout with my neighbor. It's an N-scale layout using the Kato Unitrak system. Peter
Why does Mexican food in TX have to be so damn good?! LA Fitness, you are my savior..
I hate making lists!
and yes...i know...ANOTHER day off for
heading out, GN all
Thanks, Alice. That makes two of us! Hahaha! :-)
I have a feeling that Justins performance is gonna be awesome since he spent so much time rehearsing for it. Probably lots of dancing.
RT “: "I am somebody. I am me. And I don't need anybody to make me somebody." — Louis L'Amore”
Follow Back Please!!<U+2665>
That sound you hear is the other NHL teams wishing they had as good an open as the
LMAO MY NEW YORK KNICKS IS KILLIN THEM OVERRATED MAGIC!
two of my fav peeps :-) You guys look gr8!
Never mind. Found 'em! re: discussion ?? for High Fidelity.
Yay! Just got my copy of #AtLeftBrainTurnRight by Can't wait to start reading it!
I just watched Jordin and Mike, that was a great promo piece for the movie. Keep those promos coming.
Still runnin' on 3 hours of sleep. Totally crash landing soon. *snore*
Time for some awesome drinks with awesome people celebrating our awesomeness.
Hey , giving Grandma Beverly my phone number was such a good idea. Thanks for having such an adorable family.
im in a drake mood .
you really should! I was the same way but now I feel so great and it's only my 3rd day!
congrats on buying a home! Hope to see you at our future events.
#RTHT Go check out !
Merry Christmas to you and your family.
Most def RT : Kicked like old times with my guy this weekend. Real friendships never change.
I hadn't heard that Vernazza had flooded in October. One of my favorite places. Good luck to the residents as they rebuild.
great show
that's awesome!
Can I get 5 people to follow ? She needs 5 more people for 17,000 & she follows back if you ask nice :)
you're all honestly so rude. don't comment when you don't know what's happening
then the answer is yes
Intellectual rebellion is paradisaical Earth.
I do so look forward to hearing about your flights. It's almost like being there. And I do love to fly. Thanks. No, really.
GIRL YES HE iS !!! GUNNA HAVE A BLAST ! BEST DAY EVER
Lost half my stack by playing bad. 6kish with blinds at 50/100. I'm going to start playing good now.
Just coughing that isn't sick lol
Ill be by your side, you know ill take your hand. <3
I like it!
Ordered one of them new unlocked Nexus Galaxy S Evo 4G thingamajigs today.
Became a City Council Member in the Political career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
what about your son?
Enjoy your lunch!
Done with one apush review, taking a little break:) then back at it:/
FREE National Public Garden Day from dawn to dusk May 11 (Lettuce giveaway at greenhouse 12-4pm & garden tours 1 & 2 pm)
That was my everyday lunch snack! I ain't have a lunchbox!
Those cool t-shirts everyone is buying to commemorate #OneMoreDisneyDay are available online via the
West Coast delay=
#allday “: So excited to be writing a feature film with ! #letsdothis”
Hey, AMAZING visual storytelling this update. I read all your comics, this one is particularly great - so good!!
Just had a very product meeting, EsJay is making moves!
The quiet conflicts we conquer alone are the most consequential of all. (Food for thought and an alliterative tongue twister, too)
I am following them and I am not lying
Choosing the songs for this next ep has been the most difficult process. Ah!!
haha I'll be sure to stop by there!
Man we got some bitter folks on twitter talkn about #ValentinesDay Don't ruin it for everybody else!!
Wind-down.
That's kinda awesome
Lol. Oh no.
My day = Culver City, L.A, Santa Monica, Hollywood, North Hollywood, Newport Beach, now? Bed. ;) Goodnight lovies! <3
I'm not going to miss #printchat today...i'm not going to miss #printchat today...i'm not going to miss #printchat today! 4pm people!
1 page of edits down, 313 to go!
RT I asked my beautiful girlfriend, Allison Greene to marry me. She said yes. I mean... SHE SAID YES! There, that's more like it!
The ___ painted door swung open. You saw___ gathered around a glowing ____. What do you do?
7 out of 10 young professional said that their expectations were met by attending trade shows (according to a new CEIR report).
i also subconsciously replace words while i'm at it. I'M SAMMY AND I KNOW IT!
should have seen it in person.
That was Trinity vs Millsaps college in 2007. Ridiculous.
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry. ~ Bill Cosby
so right RT: “: Watching kids open gifts is so much more fun then opening your own they get so excited.”
Is it cool if I come with you baby?(; #SaySomethin Got in trouble for singing it in class so I went outside and kept singing<3
The Bashir Show? Cool but don't let him push you around.
Welcome IMS Government Solutions! Thanks for your Race for Hope company team supporting a brain cancer cure.
Don't make a promise you can't keep
I love how i will tweet something a thousand times and people just ignore it... Its like wtf mann? I spent my time telling you something....
In other news, Jon Gruden will love every single pick and Mel Kiper is still guessing.
#IReallyMiss getting tons & tons of presents for christmas. Now.. I only get one & if I'm on the nice list? Maybe two.
Sunday nights are going to be AWESOME!!
On they knees, belly, and back lol : Black girls front do hard like they don't be on their knees sucking a dick
Meetings by the pool
well good :) I don't want my best friend to be sad!! I go to shitty ass mount Vernon <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> wbu?
iight fool about what
Hey i check it out and i think it was really good so follow me and ill follow back :-)
Bout to head to this aau game !!
It's the first time we've ever had it for more than a weekend. Usually I find live streams online!
um no its not looking ugly because its not gnna happen, like u said u dnt kno why she said it
haha he did! We should all go back together again
I'm scheduled to fly into NYC on tuesday. Am I gonna make it?
so to make the show nonracist and make black people happy all you have to do is give the NAACP some money?
Of course! Did you at least get something good for falling off the gluten-wagon? I've been craving a croissant all day...
Practicing my French . Mom is making me .. !
Had a awful week
Can't listen to faded anymore now because of -___-
Thanks for a great conversation about bullying prevention.
finally time for the new Khloe & Lamar <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
aww i'm sure they weren't ignoring you, theres just a ton of fans in there! But you can help us trend #voteformeganandliz! :D
is hoping for one more thing to be thankful about on Thursday.. The new themes from !!
thought of you when I read her blog. She is my favorite blogger.
I H8 EvEry1
After school practices go by so quick, and there's actually time for an evening. The down side? No food!!
What do I know about cuban mambo? To answer your question, I am the Mambo Godfather.
I think that you shouldn't retired. My suggestion you drop to 185lbs. I think that you will be amazing at 185lbs division.
are you at protest?
About to head out to #book2 Camp (better late than never, eh?)
ya so where do you live
This time of day can become an awesome bumpin' party at the shop ... ladies coming home from work and want some style before supper! xx
Before there was the "Firefly" debacle, there was the "Covington Cross" travesty. I just realized I can own CC on DVD - incl. 6 unaired eps!
I'm pretty sure most seniors went to north park afterwards, I came home to rest :)
Loving this weather
Will this event be going on after the festival today?
This is awesome (:
I wish this anxiety would go away!
where the partys at
i won't i have a gf lmano....
haha oh man what a tragic ending
Gotcha. See the world! But if life takes you other places, know you always have a home with #RavenNation in the ATown! Good luck!
Animal Cracker boxes were designed with a string handle so that they could be hung on a Christmas tree.
ahaha damn text me im outt
I third on Ghosts. I know, street cred. But between LIt Con and Seam, choose LIt Con. Well done mag realism
Tomorrow at about 11
"I have often regretted my speech, never my silence."
#Fletcher2012 v necks?
Tears are words the heart can't express
Standing on my feet
Blog post will be up on Monday :) TGIF till then!!! It's a good one I promise xoxo -
'causes' for depression are indeterminate: genetic, developmental (childhood trauma), and environmental (drugs/physical injury)
I seriously am in love with
Like a cat I pulled a chair into a sunbeam in the back of the meeting room.
Perhaps an opportunity to discuss racism & history? Or not. Yikes indeed!
Love it!
Done hunting. Only saw one bird, a hen...and it's in my game pocket of my hunting best! :)
lool I am just fan
no, but raking the leaves in the spring is...
how to remove transient markers in flex mode..
Day of good deeds: daughter invites Jos for sleepover, so offers to bring me dinner at work.
Went to Home Depot for a hose/faucet adapter. Left with two trees. Obviously the adapter doesn't fit.
Garbage day changed couple months ago. Still getting used to it. Fortunately, haven't forgotten yet. Guess what I'm going to do now.
it better cuz so far this week couldn't have gone any slower
And yes I realize that's old news, I however did not hear about this until two days ago. Lovely way to end the otherwise shit day that was.
If #ClaudeGiroux ever drops the gloves, may it be today. Against #SidneyCrosby .
SUP BRO
I hate spam. Especially on my friggin' birthday. >:-(
Lindsey Stephany, who was injured in the Sun Prairie house explosion, was discharged from UW Hospital. Steven Slack is in good condition.
I won't look at you the same lol..
forgiveness but we're just friends just friends.
Finally boarding!
I happen to think that the great spirit God mad us all, put us all here for a reason. And all of us have something to do. -BB King
If u want to see me calm then see me high
is Tebow there?
. how can we make #datacite easy/scalable/& increase sci quality? Need solutions, it is clear why it isn't happening!
Watching The Enemy of the State.
Kobe is the best player in the nba i just dont like him and Lebron is a good all around player. He deserves some props. 3 MVPs
she was right
Home of the Brave! #SCdebate EACH GETS FAIR SHARE of TIME - YAY!
No wait Eyehategod is actually one of my favorite bands
OMG UGG Boots for only $125! for more great daily deals! I know I LOVE these deals! Great Holiday Gifts
Hate waking up mad
This is A Good Ass Game Right Now. OKC VS LAL
Happy indeed. 5 miles completed today but biggest accomplishment was setting a goal 1/2/12 to begin training for 1/2 marathon!
A Milwaukee man is accused of strangling girlfriend cuz she answered her phone during sex! That scares me...why; I DO THE SAME THING! LOL
HAHAHAHAHA OMG. so I found A LOT of peoples instagrams that I know. Funny shit.
Happy bday bro! ur doin great with ur music!! #proudofaustin Enjoy every day of it! HMU on here so we can talk sum bout covers
A bone's throw from Wild Rumpus store, & not far from the purple door, "paws" to take a quick look--you might find your new favorite book!
I want summer back .
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it.
Only three weeks left in the NFL season. Who is your pick for theSuperbowl this year?
The Fall 2011 Signs symposium is Gloria Anzaldua: An International Perspective, edited by Norma Cantu. She'll be on the panel at #nwsa2011!
POTUS: By 2452, America will be almost debt free. And populated largely by telemarketers calling Chinese consumers
Roy is just pathetic, I hope he enjoys his last game at F'N Center
Passover was such fun. For bfast, I made a tsimmis smoothie. It was to die for.Stewed sweet potato, prunes + carrots + almond mil…
Beautiful day! Great clients! Great lunch!!! Can't ask for anything else!! #Happy Thursday to me!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
SAY HELLO TO MY LITTLE FRIEND!!! lol
yum! Are you grabbing dinner there?
who have you contributed with?
Yeah Joe said that was why :(
Yeah, and it doesn't even work on a mobile phone, where I'm most likely to check for student events.
I can't go back to school till Friday, fuck.
no more big muscle beef head??? see, you move to cali and turn into a hippie.
lolol I don't run into walls anymore now that you're not around >:)
My dogs not blind she just blurried... Mya C.
That was the point of starting #middriftMonday to give us something to look forward to on mondays to bad I am the only one.
I aint here to hurt anybody I wanna see yall work yall's body so Give it to me, Give it to me, Give it to me HARD!! LOL
Mmhm. Ian can still spend time wif his brother!
#10ThingsYouCouldDoForMe DNT B.S DNT LIE GIVE ME 100 LIKE I WILL TO U BE FUNNY AND CHILL AF! i dnt ask for much
Just finished 's the shock doctrine. Powerful read
watching the new Castle :)
And with his 84th block, Anthony Davis over takes Dinner Bell Mel and Andre Riddick for the single season block record
good morning
You got my reason that's all, I can show you all this love without a bit of sex involved
there is yelling from the other room, where some people i live with are watching the patriots...
Remember when I was Sweet and unexplainable Nothing like this person, Unlovable I just want back in your head!
I am at a loss for words at the present moment....
Am I going to pull any game? None whatsoever
Getting older has been fairly dope thus far. Chronic shoulder pain's bout the worst Ive dealt with
I hate the saying "I can't wait for ________". In most situations you HAVE to wait. OK, you cant wait for it, now what are you going to do?
People above me must love Jason Mraz's "I'm Yours" bc they are listening to it on repeat... and the bass is turned up.
u got it
by the power of latte, excel sheet i command you to fill yourself out!
Are you hiring movers or are you moving on your own?
Just ball'd up !! He doesn't have anything on me.
I was excited about the video for some reason. so i showed my mom, She thought it was really cool. (:
hey guess what everybody i've become that person who stays in on saturday nights to watch twin peaks
": I have the tickets."< I should be up that way Saturday
RT : T minus 15 minutes: Starting fueling sequence for the first stage."
all these memories making me emotional.
This is one of the most beautiful places I have traveled to. Did you get any Christmas ornaments while you were there?
ugh lml u suck -SELF'MADE
Thanks for the follow! Happy Friday!
11% of girls do not consider themselves beautiful. 11-15 age is vulnerable & best time to get them to increase self esteem
Waking up to a txt from one of ya girlfriends
That was awesome.
get it Fabi!!!
Hilarious that Philly fans were cheering when Noah went down
I knew it and I didn’t. I knew Yolanda Marion Washington wanted to be a singer more than she wanted anything else in the world.
I have met u once if I ever get the chance to meet u again do u think u would remember me?? I'm an unforgettable person!! HAHA XO
sure I'll text you
All the Canadiens coming out of the woodwork.
Life Is Tough Sometimes....But I Need Nothing But The Lord.....
2006 Barbaro won by the biggest margin I remember but no one dominated more than War Emblem in 2002 wire to wire and it wasn't ever close
Attack of the Killer Fried Green Tomatoes
happy hour + live band karaoke at hill country bbq. contemplating which song to use for my duet debut with
My CEO is trying to convince me I should go on television for our company. It's so not gonna happen. Letting him down is difficult.
#ghettocrayolacolors Drink Red
damn you popcorn. you taste so delish but you make my stomach go crazy
Gold Card week ends on the 10th! Don't forget to come in and get your 20% off!
ok, I'm officially a #supercollider convert. It's far more superior to csound, so much so that I wish I had discovered sc earlier
Gotta beef you up if you're going to be a Tiger.
Today's puzzle: get #VelleeDeli's korean BBQ burrito for a 3rd day in a row, or not? I have a problem.
Calling all wine savvy Washingtonians! Want to be featured in the DC Wine Week blog? Send your guest post idea to
Yay! Glad it did not need smashing. But even more glad about the labels.
how often does it come out?
truth hurts oh well
you fing rock!!!!
yup but I'm leaving Tommorrow
Thanks Sherry! Appreciate your watching it. It was a fun day. Hope you get to see the
oh sorry ididnt know what you meant. ;b
Anyone ever notice how the pork flavored Ramon noodles taste nothing like pork and the oriental flavored one taste nothing like an oriental?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY THOMAS<333333
God, my twitter skillz are zero today. Must stop tweeting. Return to work.
#RelationshipsAre , a total waste of time. Fbgm
I have to see you this summer! I feel like its been too long!
self diagnosing and drinking lots of tea
thanks so much! Happy New Year!
Whaaaa your pretty face is on my TV! Miss you!!
I even got the ladies in the office to pretend to be interested in the #MadBum / Jamie Moyer age storyline. That's amazing.
Packing... In DC this week and next.
if you win the brit, do directioners get a reward? :)
my hair today <
What's your #spark up to? I've been makin' videos, #singing spontaneously, #writing. Till the cows come home.
Don't worry, there's still cheese & wine available for tonight's event.
Coming to terms with the fact that I was just not made for 4AM. I will self destruct if I get there. 5 4 3 2 1..........
“: Great video of ISS. Could use some artwork in hallways.://1.usa.gov/g24EBk”
Very exciting news. We've got a final tweak to the logo and then we're going live on Kickstarter. Stay tuned. Today is the big day!
LIES- it is never cold in SoCal :)
Just remember, you wouldn't even be on the show if Teresa hadn't paved the way. You're the most basic of the NJ housewives tbh
Happy Mother's Day to all of the beautiful nurturers out there. Where would we be without you?
If we are incapable of finding peace in ourselves, it is pointless to search elsewhere
Here's hoping. should be good to promo your dec 10th show. lemme know if you wanna cross promo, and what you are thinking
Definitely a work in progress.
"Don't dance with Mary Jane or else you'll get ur toe stepped on" hahahaha! Love that 70s show
Rebuttal: Lindsay Lohan.
Aren't we tired of seeing 30something year old guys act like schmucks around babies? Guys with Kids...I'll pass.
Are you doing that race? When is it?
Injustice may be wiped out, but human disputes and natural limitations cannot be eliminated.
Hot bath& wine! Love being a girl.
Thinking of my chances to get to retweet orfollow me. Not looking so good on my part ;0
": Behind her smile, is a story you would never understand."
I double parked my bicycle today. Hope i dont get a ticket or am the victim of a bicycle hate crime
hi how r u
If anyone has the ability to get me 20 virus cleanings a day, I will give you $200 a day ;)
u shouldn't. Everyone knows fish and raccoons dont have feelings
#PalmBchPowerPartnersBreakfast. Business meeting for the business champions. See you 4047 Okee Blvd. Come.Get.Grow.Go
FOMO for real! controls my life haha!
If only they could see me...
Why Corazon? We market your property, handle all inquiries, arrange viewings, check your property while it's vacant, interview applicants...
When you read a newspaper, periodical, book, or online article, do you keep a notepad and pen nearby to catch ideas? I'm guilty of it.
“: Full Time. Timbers defeat Union 3-1 on goals from Jean-Baptiste, Boyd, and Alhassan. #RCTID” Way to go Timbers!!
I've been watching a lot of lectures on Youtube lately. A blessed sabbatical of English Morphology, Forensic linguistics, and Etymology.
Can't wait to see! How exciting. I'm so jealous!
God is great !!
Tx for RT'ing my interview in
we should catch up sometime! :3 P.L.U.R.<3
but tht would be so fun tho
Junior high: the only place where gum is the equivalent of crack
Running 8 miles at LSD pace tomorrow
The orchestra concert was spectacular! the senior soloists played some sick solos. Awesome job! :)
Unless your name is GOOGLE...stop acting like you KNOW EVERYTHING...
A smoke detector beeping when you need a new battery is smart. The person who changed it to a voice yelling "low battery!" is not my friend.
That fake laugh you do when you don't understand what someone just said to you ...
“: Music speaks to you in a way that nothing else can.”
new england, pitt, and ind. Big 3 in AFC
I made my mommy a wall hanging in ceramics class for mother's day <U+E418>
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy<U+2665> please follow me!
Let's get it #cavs this is a winnable game
#kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More! at Southern Methodist University, Sun, May 20 9:00a: Love gaming,...
Lunch has wrapped. Next speaker at Conference is
time to switch it up
Wut did i start D:
“: Iggy Azalea.... Straight bad bitch!!” -___-
your boxing jokes suck.
taking out my frustration in this workout.
hate it. Makes my head hurt.
Ovation Award for HR Excellence - Mid-Size Employer - Halifax Regional Medical Center
“Teachers open the door, but you must enter by yourself.”
RT : planning meeting for 20th Anniversary Gala. So Much to Celebrate!!
RT : I'm so completly over this whole divorce thing.
Land speed record set running through Denver airport...made the flight before the door closed!
Coming to your headquarters today! Can't wait!
Fuck this. I cant wait till I leave this house.
I think it's so cool that students are asking about next school year's musical already! Narrowed it down to 3 everybody :-)
Hey there, (cburwick), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
God Afternoon Boob!
Bored in school so ill tweet (: what's upp?
Today, Friday and Saturday should be a federal holiday. National Ted Thompson Day / Weekend.
Starting June 6th Gruner patio will be open for both lunch and dinner. www.grunerpdx.com ENJOY
Winter hours in effect: Our Harvard Sq and Porter Sq stores will close at 11pm on Thursdays starting today!
LSU prez Lombardi says push for high grad rates means that #highered must 'construct mechanisms' to ensure all kids pass = grade inflation.
video dope mayne!
If Rafael Soriano closes with Rivera out, it will be the ultimate test of paycheck determining bullpen role. I say he gets minimum 10 saves.
aka free spirits need & keep it moving to explore life or continue living life single till they are ready maybe never
How you been?
done and done! Thanks for passing those contacts along! Send more if you see a fit.
hahaha end of year reflection, nice. well cool, thanks for indulging my prying questions! :)
Right? We coulda been acting crazy! We'll hang out in Waterford and talk about our scary Detroit stories tho. haha
I'm at twerk wishin it was 530 already :(.
You're pretty!
life + death coexisting all the time
WHY ARE THERE MICROPHONES AT EVERYONE INTERSECTION where black people live? hm.....
Pass another round around for the kids who have nothing left to lose. And for those souls so old, and sold out
Money and success are like animals: they can smell fear.
It's a beautiful evening Austin! Enjoy it with some $1.75 Beef or Chicken Tacos & cold $2 Bud Lights!!!
g00d morning to your gr8 evenings!!
which movies?! Any old Stump Brothers? The Good the Rad and the Gnarly?
HEY check out she's in the game
How long a minute is depends on what side of the bathroom door you're on.
I love radio station Jen. <33
I thought the same thing
Just hit me driving home the other day: I'm 32 and have never been married. My mother put it best: "You skipped your 20-something divorce."
Thanks Hun!! Happy Mother's Day to you and your kiddos!
Black Widow, without a doubt or hesitation. ;)
I wish I had another week, or really just 2 extra days. I'm happy about my new stuff, though. :) stop by & say hi.
Not sure yet. Class starts in five minutes.
I hate how teachers think u only have there class and they give u as much homework as they can, especially my algebra class
We have sets of the 32 pc #Magnatiles left in both locations. Either solid or clear. Pick one up before we run out again!...
Yay, Robert, your first tweet - congrats! And I'm honored to be the recipient :)
Hey Colorado Springs, I'm obsessed with the buttercream lotion I got from local ! You need to try this stuff. It's delicious...
well good lord have mercy! The lord is my sheppard and he knows what I want! Lol :-)
I just finished a 2.01 mi run with a time of 16:16 with Nike+ GPS.
Happy Birthday Lance!!! I wish you the best, and I hope you have an awesome B-day!!!
Someone please text me. <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
Gas is pretty pricey I'd never get to go anywhere if I waited for someone else to pay lol (Not so much true) but I need road!
no prob pretty lady!
how u I follow me? We go back like Cadillac's on fo' flats!
My mom's hand writing is fascinating. A cursive nostalgia that mentally takes me to my youth, then the miracle of life and evolution.
RT : Catching up on #TheSingOff on the DVR. was robbed. At least they went out like champs.
Can't wait to see everyone's tweets about Undisputed Truth show. I'm hoping he surprises a lot of people.
Watched #SYTYCD tonight. Actually was sad to see Ryan go and didn't agree with the guy they kicked.
Happy #EarthDay! It's a beautiful sunny day in Dallas today. Enjoy!
thank you so much for putting together the amazing nextgen conference today! I learned so much! ;+)
A party store ?? RT : Anyone know where a guy can get a sick sombrero in the burgh north hills? ...seriously, I need one.
If got the three shots, why didn't Aminu not get the 3 point play there? this is why I dropped season tix.
RT : but still, I feel Bad though! Ur SO Beautiful! <<<thank u!!!
I hate those colds that hurt your entire chest when you cough.
Only if Melo could play defense
Going to see "Cabin in the Woods" on opening night because we're just so cool. (And didn't know it was opening night when we bought the tix)
if i were to pluck on your heartstrings, would you strum on mine?
Restaurant rented out for a Bat Mitzvah tonight. Hope I get picked for the snowball.
well if you know where to get one then yeah
tired as fuck.
i re-tweeted that, its the definition of an actual fan.
I'm doing well;) thank u~how's ur cooking coming along??? ;) xoxoxo much<3
“: Joe dirt” Home is where you make it. You Like to see to see homos naked ?
went 4 for 10 in his Bold Predictions today. Forte, RGIII, Saints, Moss picks were good. Poor performance Mike. Poor.
Totally loved that book
Hook a BH4Life up! Thx 4 thinking of us non-cruisers and
SHIT OKAY FOCUS I HAVE TO SHOWER
": Sometimes tattoo ideas are good as just ideas bc I've seen some UGLY tats!" That's why I'm afraid to get one in the future
RT :A mock tornado warning will sound in MKE 1pm today for Tornado & Severe Weather Awareness Week.Do you have a safety plan?
you're welcome #followback please :)
#spurs giving too much time in the middle to
Everyone is entitled to be stupid,but some abuse the privilege
Nice appetizer while waiting for #WIRecall vote totals -- watching GOP continue to eat their own with moderate IN Sen. Richard Lugar loss.
it's official...i hate yahoo mail. why does it keep breaking in Chrome?
a crack about a sandwich so big the inventor had to be from Wisconsin
half naked and almost famous
voting my ass off for you guys right now.
listening for 'JUDAS'
just heard 's new song #SaySomethin, love it. needs to come out on itunes. #greatsong #follow?
hahahahaha see that's so stupid. That's why I never believe them.
Yorkshire Terrier Pudding. #ObamaDogRecipes Don't they think this stuff through before opening their mouths??
lots of wind today!
RT : radical = saying/doing things that need to be said/done when they need to be said/done regardless of consequence
I'm tired of people telling me what I'm doing wrong instead of what I'm doing right
Thank you!!!
Fireboat by Maira Kalman in preparation for seeing her work in "Storied City: New York in Picture Book Art"
Happy belated birthday sorry i wasnt on twitter yesterday <3
A nice lazy Sunday. Hope our Tweeples are chillin' with peeps you love!
Cool! What local convention?
At least on that tracker, appears that #uars is a TIE fighter.
Parents are way to into this 8th grade volleyball game. Watch a real game then come talk to me.
Chane misses his 29th dunk of year
fancy restaurant
LISTENING TOO: // Murderer ..Loosing my shit, just making the bed and bam.. start loosing it.
last day of #ALA!
thanks to everyone at for such a thoughtful discussion this afternoon!
Their is a thurnderstorm so its a good time to sleep goodnight
Making a success of the job at hand is the best step toward the kind you want. --Bernard M. Baruch
hometown jets! 1.baltimore(crazy awesome). 2.st.louis (sucked) 3.buff
When all you wanted was to be wanted. Wish you could go back and tell yourself what you know now <U+2764>
The real menace in dealing with a five-year-old is that in no time at all you begin to sound like a five-year-old. - Jean Kerr
All :)'z....now whats planned for mii day??
shoulda followed your first mind.. Why didn't you?
Can u tell me wtf this guys next to me r saying
better that its teammate's wife as opposed to just an actual teammate
Sweet find.
idk im eating right now
Real friends don't get offended when you insult them.They smile and call you something even more offensive. I miss my best friend
First we had Planking, then Tebowing...let's hope Sanduskying fails to catch on.
Lawrence and Tina how's the weather up there?
Pleased to see tweeting with more frequency these days. More emoticons!
and why might that be?
And this is why I'm on Twitter. You people understand me. Oilcat vs. Metashark in 3D
To much DM's I need two days to read them !
I like my phone it takes good pictures.
Would be great if messages/inbox have a way to see your sent messages (/ask) regardless if the other person answers.
some people may not have short tempers maybe they just have quick reactions....
yeah, they got me my own station in the back of the truck
Remember, if you are not playing your heart out, someone else is. And when you meet him, he will win. )
White bread's poison, unless it's French and shaped like a penis, then it's all right. -Dawn French
haha where'd u get it?
I'm assuming there's a fee associated with that? Do you know how much?
also, at 20 my friend's thesis advisor gave her this advice: don't move to a job, find a good location and find a job there.
I'd call Jacoby's catch an Andrew Luck-y bounce.
So, just hit 10,000 followers. That's kind of cool.
Funny how when you're a girl & you enter into a relationship, half of your male friends suddenly drop off the face of the earth.
#keepyourmouthshut if your with a croud of weed smokers and its your first time smoking weed youll be embarrassed
good senior prank ... LOL JK not
too bad memphis not gonna win the ship even if they beat the clippers. i'm going to bed.
I think I'm in love with <3 Recently addicted to his song On My Mind =) Is it legal for me to date him being I'm 16? Lol
I didn't either. My old band opened for them in Gainesville, hung out in same circles. good to know wife & band support him
A new look for the Madison West 3,200 relay team, which has the state's best time this spring. Edgewood & La Follette in second heat w/ West
Best day ever! <3
Admit how you feel. Otherwise you are encouraging people to think that their feelings are unnatural and unshared.
I know, right?! Ha ha!
I have talked to one person who is actually mailing them to him, but I can't find out who is buying them for him at hospital
This was planned months ago. I almost forgot about it.
El Segundo Cantina.. such great service tonight! And congrats and good luck to Suzy and Scott :-)
Works all finished :)
Chini and Camberos playing their hot latin sounds on the patio today 2-5pm
Dear people who twitter every 3 seconds, where is your life? hahahahahahahaha <3 Morgan
follow me on twitter yo
Even though you're miles away, I still will never change my feelings that's inside cause I'm gonna stick with you.
A mural in Cairo. Made me think of you. Glad you are flying back safe and sound :D
When college graduates talk to junior girls in highschool...
I think it's bedtime. Goodnight!
according to the weather, it's supposed to burn off right around the time we get there :-)
hey do u hve your phone
thanks for the RT on POV.
The real conspiracy is in perpetuating the belief that there's always a conspiracy.
Oh it all makes sense
My dick is so small, it's huge
Just now realizing that all hour-long TV dramas play that same, Law & Order, doomsday music when mess is about to go down.
ah, well, looks like i'll be taking your pictures after all! see you tomorrow!
thank you so much! glad you liked it :)
who you pick to win tonight?
haha they *have* worked with some smart people in the last couple of years!
Dale, did you really say Red Flash is the same / better than Big Red?
U need anti-bacterial soap and a BBQ brush
Hey we did that yesterday too...
Binary Star - Reality Check
Def should reach out, embrace. But I wonder if perceived lack of teen interest leads museums not to set policy in first place
i woke up about a half hour ago n cnt fall back asleep. So im just chillin. Haha
I still think Lance Stephenson should have won MVP
;O statistics Defending your Home With an Airsoft Gun
I keep it real <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AF>- pity others can't do the same
sure thing Brad.
I think it's called a "Javon"
I think our girl Tay Tay got her ta-tas done
when did justin biebers voice get so deep. listening to #boyfriend wtf happned?? why am i just hearing this
Thanks for the rep! I checked out your site & like what you're doing as well. NY B-Boys are lucky to have a site like yours
Master MySQL in the Amazon Cloud
It's a beautiful day! RT : Can you believe it's #November? And still mid-70's in #SanDiego - love it!
Really jealous of everyone thats been chillen on their boats all day on the lake #
": What do u defensive coaches call your defense?" Whatever the head guys tells me to call it!
It’s okay to have a weakness, if it drives us to lean on God’s strength.
Pretty soon our church will have all live services broadcasted by !
Never seen at stakeholder meetings, the fabled "Director of Imposing Arbitrary & Unfeasible Deadlines" does exist, elusive tho he may be.
I can't wait to be in your film :-) you're so awesome <3
Just realized the private school I live by is named after Marlboro...nah tobacco Co.s don't target kids!
#youmightbeanautismparent if you take a walk w/another mom w/ autistic child & you compare bruises and bites inflicted by your teen age kids
Charters will win b/c they are falsely perceived as being different. Public is perceived as being the same ole. change or perish!
Please! ! Please !! All my follower delete this account and start following me on this account. alik_rainey thank you
Thinking quite seriously about starting a blog this summer. Something on the history of women in science and medicine. Need a witty name...
We should start a trend for
Austin legal news posts a must read story about legal news, read today!
3 birds shat on my car today. it's barely noon. good luck? let's pretend.
. Stoked for the #Avengers premiere tonight! & I have been talking about it for weeks!
I just saw a couple episodes of Doc Martin with Louise Jameson, and she's awesome in them too!
SOUL DEVINE TONIGHT @ ONE UP ELEVATED LOUNGE !!!!!! GET YOUR NIGHT STARTED OFF EARLY
Still need an Easter basket? We have lots of gourmet chocolates, candies and other treats. Let us put together the perfect gift for you!
what up my dude...come by st.felix on cahuenga next 2 kitchen 24 and check me..
August Bead Events Schedule Posted! Please join me for a beading class at one of my stores!
Combined GBP 600+K Up for Grabs Playing Top Sky Vegas Games
Just got email. Ok Max isn't leaving med libs. phew! RT : :( making it official he is leaving us!
So much for the ambition to do yard work today, monster puddles in the yard!
Fo years I've been trying to remove my pation umbrella from the stand. Today I got fed up and sawed it in two.
you'll have to post pics when they're all in :)
Someone honestly needs to cheer me up.
because the toast is too big.
i hate how he stole my idea --__--
u r welcome :)
sleep is the absence of being productive....dont do it son!
just completed 40 minutes minutes of meditation with
not anytime soon. As long as you give me sum ^.^
You're welcome, and yes! I'll be busy the next two weekends, but maybe after that?
4 the record, is 1 of the coolest speech-language pathologists out there!
It's decided, me and are going to the H&M opening on the 31 :)
Loved the power couple article. We'd love to chat with you about articles for DINKlife. Can you email me at
And follow my other Twitter too :)
Fig Newtons & I are kickin' it with a martini tonight.
: How about the threat posed by huge $$$ influence in the American political process?
thanks to for having me on to talk data caps. no easy answers, but lots of worthwhile questions
adding 'precious' to my netflix cue. the book was haunting. date available: unknown.
( LIKE ) COMPLIMENTS ! <3
thanks for the follow! <U+2764>
I want a kemp so bad. But the good one, not the later years with the tower on it.
“: #Dinner @ Water Bar tonight was "foodgasm worthy". #happygirl” Yum! Jealous
MON Entree Special:Pan Seared Filet of Beef Tournedos w/Sautéed Garlic Spinach, Rosemary’s Own Bordelaise Sauce & Crispy Parsnip Strips
Going for another procedure... Wish me luck?
Love the image of the Great Clam! Thanks for the morning laugh--I needed that.
Bloggers Choice Winners... Tech - Molly White Marketing, Food - Savory Simple, Twitter org - , Sports - School of Roch. (2/2)
You never tweet anymore! :'(
are u single? lmfao
Cuts continues to surface at Clear Channel... let us know if you or someone you know were adversely affected so we can print contact info.
most majors are signatory of the union - we have to use them.
congrats on the 50lbs!! keep up the fantastic work!
This weekend is not going good for me at all smfh
You already in pain you already hurting, get a reward from it !! Don't go to sleep until you reach our success !!
Main lot parking at Muir Woods and now immediate seating -- what's going on here??!!
#mythoughtsatschool i wanna party.
Good Afternoon to all my #BrozAndHoez let's stay positive to all my broz and to my hoez just stay professional...
I like hot dogs.
What Is your greatest challenge with training, or losing weight 1. Eating right 2. Working out. Reply to this tweet with the option number
Lokking forward to busy couple of days #Insight12. Find us on stand 35 if you're planning #Office2010 rollout.
Asked multiple times each week "how much longer will the CD be around?" Don't know, but an artist can't sign a download at a gig can they?
#FCP users? Do you use use the audio mixer for recording keyframes? I never use it.
Just like I'm respectful of men. Or try to be, anyway.
me too. I wish I was going to Marfa with you. But have lots of fun!!!!!
Charlie sheen fired from two and half men.
good lookin out
Nice! SIX new sign-ups just today! Hope other folks -- adults and kids -- will choose to sign up and share their voice!
I dont need me a basketball player just someone to make me happy
In Flatiron? Brio is here for you... 920 Broadway street www.brioflatiron.com
The unexamined life is not worth living. Socrates
awhh okay i feel eht.... but damn
hey , thanks for the reply. Posting it on the site makes it public, right? We wanted to privately share the topic with your team.
Just saw a few people come inches from getting hit by a train. When a multi-ton thingy is coming at you ant making insistent noises, MOVE!!
Next time anyone wakes me up knocking at my door at 2am they are going out the window
Hey...not currently. We can, however, make a drink with your own milk if you wanted to bring it in.
No relative named Dustin here. :-(
Puck Headlines at 12:49!?!?! Are you trying to make the rest of the day drag by???? They are my light at the end of the tunnel
now thats what i like to hear!
That OSU game was an AWAY night game too. And Florida's one loss that year was to number 10 Auburn. You're correct, it's not right
RT if you love like we do! will be there this weekend, shopping and meeting.
something that has changed since last time i was here, im a true #directioner now! louis is my love<3
Dodgers win! Viva Los Doyers!
SLAP is awesome, im stealing it! haha
Ha RT thank you thank you...this shit is almost as confusing as the 2009 season of AU Volleyballs defensive drills
#IwishThatIcould, make myself invisible and hear and see what ppl are really thinking and doing.
Wrapped 15 30-second episodes for a new #YouTube #fitness channel! First episode premieres 1st week of April.
We are working on a "Super" new project.....stay tuned....
Cannot wait to do the photoshoot for the Miss Texas album!!! working out the deets now!
H/t of day goes to #G2 bus that failed to stop & pick me up in t-storm in Gtown. No avail cabs = there goes plan for productive night
Sadly spotify isn't quenching my thirst for the newest tunes.
We like shout outs! Del Rey in Belltown ;) All night happy hour tonight, 1/2 off tequila makes the rain go away?
RT : Who wants to win some tickets to the Food Truck fest on Friday?! We've got a pair to give away...stay tuned!
yeah. We sold out around 2 today. Tomorrow is looking to be a nice day tho :)
This week is crazy busy. I'm debating if a margarita would help or hinder me right now...?
since you and I might be in the IML class this summer together, I'll have plenty of time to force you to watch
santa just took my toll money.
I had an wet dream and it involved YOU !!
went to First Friday Last night....first time without my gallery....I have to say it was quite nice!!
"own up to what you say about others" BITCH IF I DID THAT WE WOULDNT BE FRIENDS
Lucky for me I live in a subdivision planning on banning the chickens the Town Council doesn't have the guts to get rid of.
But what will Jon Stewart do for material once both of them are gone?
it's hard to turn down that kinda money. Wonder what the negotiations started at. Impressed by Instagram. :)
Hey guys! Can you do me a HUGE favor and follow ?? It would be awesome!(: It's my support account for <3
Whats wrong with over here? -.-
Thanks. Now I'll have nightmares. *shudders*
I compose a lot of things with the same general method as that response paper too. . .I'm just not as organized as she is :)
workin on this song when i record it its gonna b hard for me not to upload it on facebook fwm on facebook Johnathan Based Brown
My thoughts are with my fam in Kansas. stay safe!
Watching some of the Saw movies, I love how jigsaw uses a type of brutal vigilantism to bad people to show them the true value of life
Tilda Swinton although, could have done better. The character was over-inhibited. We Need To Talk About Kevin 2011. #UK Film Council.
we(I) found a beautiful girl on the first day of school ;)
I'm glad you came:)
If you become more concerned for the welfare of others, you will experience a sense of calm, inner strength and self-confidence.
Can't wait for my braces to come off (;
I just hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone. Miss me a little when I'm gone.
Live Acoustic Guitar tonight from 7pm to 9pm! Come listen to Greg Shibley's wonderful acoustic sounds!
New Numbers and Letters are up now! Can you spell awesome?!?
did she really? Wow. How did that go? U guys still friends I take it.
got the pic from Flan / thanks for all your great work with HS hoops - we'll all have to hit the links sometime soon
#EverydayIThinkAbout how much I miss you....
Ok, now I get it. And there's still room for #BlackSwan2 when she starts bumping off the rest of her cast.
Lovely day ahead!
no I'm not
Nice! What techniques did you work today? Any sparring?
Agreed. And he isn't helping his cause.
Living at MSI - wild! Thnx for the post.
quit complainin & do something about it !
hey i follow back follow me :)
Sitting in the Czech republic, Gmail comes up in Czech, along with a Google dialogue, "Do you want this page translated?"
Not 'gypsies'...but #Travelers, or
: call me 8ter
Are you #optimistic or #pessimistic about the #future or ... ?
Anybody know who sells bitter oranges in Milwaukee?
RT “: RETWEET IF YOU LOVE #LACROSSE!!!”
I need to go shoppin for winter
RT : I'll never give in. But if it happens, please accept my apology for being resistant and destroying thousands of zombies.
seriously?!!! A movie that was the best book
RT A trip 2Sweetery tom on 51St btw Park/Mad will cost u nothing, now if that's not #PricelessNY what is? 11a-3p Thx
Thank you sir!
Remembering those days when I used to watch Lovers in Paris a lot.
Having fun in Memphis but I miss my boo and my doodle monkeys...sending all my love to my precious family....
100% ready! Can't wait “: That sucks. How is Jorge Lopez looking before his fight on Tuesday?”
i dunno, did you have a barrel chested bald server who talks funny?
We just ordered extension tubes for our #Canon arsenal, getting ready for the Vegas JCK Swiss Watch show. Who else is going to be there?
Can tell a storm is coming. Grocery store is very busy. Only need a couple of things or the wait would be more worth it.
YUp! Moving to the Bay Area :) All is great.
Ok "michael corcoran if you are gonna star rt ing nba bullshit, i`m droppin you like a hondo at the yellow rose.
Oh Joel!!
STRIKEOUT! Good start to the night
hey how'd your benefit go last week?
you got morning after brew pants on?
Today's Trivia Question: Which Black inventor dramatically improved the Whaling Industry? Visit www.americanlegacymag.com for the answer!
...Im going to have a mini party Thur to celebrate Phelps start XD...<<Im there...no garden party for Phil...!
haha yess team mindless don't play when it comes to the omg girlz n mindless behavior or Diggy
My mommy said I don't need anymore tattoos cause I'm unique and beautiful already <U+263A>Awww
Hm Good morning :p
i voted all day for u guys, i think i deserve a follow back :)
hugs! How are ya?
New digs in the are coming together! What should we offer the public?
Indian Summer Festival opens today! We'll be on the North End of the grounds with some wonderful food offerings. See you there!
Saving Abel, "Addicted"..'I'm so addicted to all the things you do when you're going down on me inbetween the sheets"
Expanding the capacity of leaders at all levels-The Leadership Learning Collaborative-www.leadershipRising.com. Course starts on Oct. 11th.
Guys please go follow my friend she needs more followers ^_^
UH 31 - UCLA 14 at the half. Go Coogs!!
motif sheet
maybe there is still "journalists vs. *independent* bloggers" crap but don't see it much for any serious orgs/institutions.
Any article that uses the phrase "communist chocolate hellhole" deserves an instant Nobel prize. [+]
Red is the go to color this fall! I am SO fashion forward. I've been a wearing red + purple for longer than I can remember! Plus B & W!
Good to have football back, go Chargers!!!
sorry I missed you! I didn't end up going. How was it?
waiting for bus
Exhausted after loong father's day weekend. BBQ'd 50 lbs of lobster for 75 of r closest friends. Next yr I'm thinkin' hamburgers & hot dogs!
not as bored as me. Hearing a story about some kid's uniform rippinng @ a wrestling meet and teabagging someone
Didn't feel the wanna be 'Hawkeye'...rather him use a bow and not a crossbow w/ a scope.
Oh..my..freaking..gosh.this story is absolutely boring about two rats moving cheese!
Headed to Disneyland to indulge in my fantasies of being a princess...
Got me ready for the 22nd @ Club Chrome Forth Worth Texas.If you in the area come check me out.
We are a paid subscription site but you get one free read every day per IP address.
Have a WONDERFUL Wednesday Evening from the Avant Garb Crew!!!!!
Yes, hope not. Mine was 1/3 empty after 2yrs. Since I quit, have only taken 2 pills (due to hangover and not Perpetual Wednesdays)
Did everybody make at home....
Great photos! Looks like you guys certainly had a fun course.
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!! It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratch-delicious!
If your age is on the clock, you are too young to be on wand erection's cock.
my barber will cut them if I let her.
You're welcome. Here to help anytime!
The more the GOP tries to minimize the credit the President should get for OBL, the tinier Republicans look. Say he did good and move on pls
's favorite movie is "Triumph of the Will"
Laying down with my Kitty<3
God never was a left-brain thing. Discuss.
Happy New Year my friend who makes everything funner! Love u!
Darnit, I changed the channel at the wrong time.
were those tweets about me?? O.O
#ff a great leader and a real dude!
to late... but Google caught the link. You get hacked?
I dont write music for the money I do it for the rush or my what I feel and what people relate to
My heart will sing no other name, JESUS! JESUS!
Cant remember when the last time I bought batteries lol
this speech will be the death of me.
Going to see what this HEB madness is <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
The family guy wheat thins commercial makes me think I'm watching family guy just for a second. Every time.
Hard part of process is listing your strengths-how to celebrate them? We're trained to focus on our faults
2-1-80 Ted DiBiase wins the North American title from Mike George in
Here in Green Bay it was too cloudy to see the silvery supermoon last night but the green and gold today is clear as day.
So cute! I would like to be a better neighbor when I move....
that's what I thought. Thanks!
pointed me to you about a solution to podcasting/iTunes thoughts. Let me know when you have time to chat, thanks!
Please wear a helmet. NOLA potholes can sneak up on you even in the daytime.
Back working with and we're havin' a laugh!
This chick on four weddings had a Christmas themed wedding. #TF are you stupid?!?
OH FATHER
Done and done. Voted and hope selection goes well. Also hope there will be a podcast of the panel for those who cannot attend.
Girls that always think guys are in the wrong <<<
It was a wild and rain soaked race at the Grand Prix of Miami, the BMW/Riley Ganassi prototype car just missed a third position podium fini…
"The Power of Storytelling as it Relates to Brands." Matt Sabljak, Transmedia Producer & an appearance by tonight, UWM Union 191.
our prelim study was focused on a few key brands but in the future we will be expanding to a larger data set.
I'd like to know too! RT : Does anyone know what channel the VCU basketball game will air on tonight?
oh OK lol
better bash that booty
With one glaring exception, sadly.
Gustav Klimt is my favorite artist ever. <swoon>
"Little Miss Understood," is a jam lil lady!
The mixed doubles championship just seems so anti-climactic.
good night love's. <3
anticipating the arrival of to North Philly
RT from Iran IMPORTANT: only baseej militia and Etellaat following orders - they cannot contain country without army -
I don't love Castle, but anything with is good enough to watch.
love you too! I got the hint. Haha I'm doing it right now.
Rutherford's Winter Sale: Saxon Chocolates make fun and decadent small gifts, stocking stuffers and fabulous hostess and corporate gifts.
THEOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! (That's Theo Epstein for all you non-Cub fans.)
Those 1994 Nugget uniforms were nice
My friends did that today at school to a junior.
“: Maybe I need to go to Greater Mount Bedside and Pillow Church of God in Christ Baptist and Christian Church today....”
lol cute! :) I've got a window open. Does that count as being outside?
Ha ha. Yes, yes he was.
how many episodes did you watch?
there's no question o'bummer loses to Romney in NOV; quit dividing & start uniting the party
good seeing U @ NAMM for a sec. Congrats on U'r latest
wow.unfollow someone because they like a certain type of music.pathetic.
Daily Dose of Goodness: The Yo-Yo originated as a weapon in the Philippines during the 1500s. Now you know why the teacher took it away!
hi fellow parker. I have a hankering to break out my only fools dvds too. Have u seen #rocks and chips?
slow office internet+sleepy brain+Eclipse BIRT, not a good situation
I have to teach a class today and I'm exhausted. Please let this afternoon move quickly.
Damn it, you will NOT make me tie my credit cards and payments with my mobile phones. I refuse!!!
Love my new Chevrolet Traverse from Miller Chev in Rogers! Come out and test drive one for youself! Lunch is on me.
ORDER THE MOVIE! WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM 1 MILLION COPIES UNIVERSAL STUDIOS SHOOT PART 2 IN UR CITY
Will you be at SXSW this year?
thanks Morgan (:
Thanks for the #FF recommendation! I appreciate it.
great is having a jam sesh and im alone with not a single task in sight for the rest of the day. oh summer jobs.
chas scooping me...let's do whatever my freng..lol
Rosencrantz & Guildenstern are Fish (and I'm guessing I mangled some spelling there)
Austin Chamber delegation up now. Gary Farmer, Clark Heydrich, Martha Smiley, and Mark Curry
Based on Romney lacking courage to stand behind his ideas, why would anyone think he'd have the guts to order the raid on Bin Laden?
Get ready for like the 3-4 most miserable days ever.
When a guy goes to a hooker, he's not paying her for sex, he's paying her to leave.
Hey Molly - Not sure if you're in Seattle now, but any chance you'd be game for BATTLEDECKS at our Creative Mornings on May 11?
Think my best friend should buy me dinner when we go out lol
This is the end of a fantastic weekend. I can only hope next weekend is just as good. (FB)
I love this.. Thank you!
Funny that the people who say they'll be there no matter what are the ones that disappear the quickest. Well, fuck you.
RT “The first time someone shows you who they are, believe them.” <U+2015> Maya Angelou
you just have to keep an open mind. And be brave. And creative. I alter most of my vintage and thrifted clothes.
JPM Private Equity fund rumored to be buying 10% of Twitter
Morning!! (Dont be afraid to say it back;)
507533 signatures gathered to Recall Walker!
At least you're trying.
For sure!! Would love to see you & you're going to LOVE cali <3
Dear 2012, I have been looking forward to your arrival!
RT : Smart players learn from their mistakes; Wise players learn from the mistakes of those around them also.
yeah, public written libel or hearsay? Sorry about that for you, but angry email is ok
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!<33333333
of course! I'll text you some times for next Friday! P.S.- No one would recognize you, but you'd be ripped so...
Last week for Ankasa's huge moving sale! 60%-90% off everything!!!
Great presentation on GCP by Below and Matzat at #ACRP2012. Line th use of insta polling - so fresh and engaging.
ok I got you
um. Maybe . With another account... (;
This is my vote for Sharon Needles. Make that ten votes! Sharon for queen Drag Superstar
The wife leaves town and I end up sleeping with Skyrim. Or at least falling asleep while playing Skyrim.
do I have to have one thing that represents me or can there be bunch?
I've lost track of how many times I've gone up and down the stairs.
It feels kinda good to cheer out loud for an game & it's on big shot by Monta.
new comics! Come celebrate their start in the spiraling journey of self doubt and low self esteem that is stand up comedy. neetch. 8pm.
thank you my love!! You're the bestest
made that P.O box yet? ;)
How about choosing to think: I can do this and I will
Aint no sunshine when hes gone its not warm when hes away aint no sunshine when hes gone and he's always gone too long anytime he goes away
You should wear your Derby Best to the game :-D
I really tried my hardest to be nice. But you don't have a nice bone in your body.
Holy mother of stomach ache :( I'm pretty sure I have gluten poisoning to the highest degree.
my phone hasn't been working that's why I haven't answer it texts
Sometimes you want to stay at home and edit a million photos all day, sometimes you don't.
The year of Wisconsin - RT : One down, two to go. Nice work Brewers!!!
I am following u. Thank u for this opportunity.
So is going to be a dad. Bets on his kids sport...I'm putting my money on curling and badminton
I rock the north face.
Looking forward to Joshua Bell Live in Denver tonight!!!
Come to U St. afterwards for It's free entry with your Justice ticket stub
I'll take you to the candy shop, ill let you lick the...... Eeeeh jk lol ^.^
we can only hope he never will. It's so dangerous.
If panda insemination live tweeting goes well, they're going to do the same thing with Jennifer Aniston next week.
I cant find the remote
Rise and grind
You're right: it's a nice example of business page promotion
CONGRATULATIONS!!!! on the closing and da boi moving in. I hope no more complex migraines. ER's really suck @ non emergencies
Thanks for following
happy birthday! Gr8 match last night
"We all have scars that show we've all been down that road. If we stand together, then we never fuckin' stand alone." NEW SONG LYRICS :)
If the people of Texas find him to be 1 of their best 2 to rep them in the Senate, I'm all for their US secession.
114 days till the Iowa State Fair! Cattlemens beef is watering in my mouth thinking about it!
Archer marathon, total sploosh
Sometimes even when u trying not to fuck up, u fuck up anyway :-(
Or how many times he cried. That's a good game.
You don't really have feelings for that girl/guy do em a favor and
HFC met with the executives of a joint Korean and Mongolian hospital, UB-Songdo Hospital.
Lets Go HOGS beat #15 miss state WOO PIG SOOIE!!!
Quote of the day: "You'll get up here for some doobadoo and you'll go here and shoobadoo, you know what I mean?" -
«««Really nice person here...just another one of my favorite people I follow and enjoy on
You are more beautiful than you know, more talented than you think, and loved more than you can imagine x
The great thing about getting older is that you don't lose all the other ages you've been. ~Madeleine L'Engle
four pillars causing a storm
Joe-not-the-Plumber showed up uninvited 2 see Obama at White House, couldn't get in. He's not even as smart as the stupid Salahi's.
just relaxin at home how u doin by da way
Phoenix is PATHETIC. Absolutely disgusting, undisciplined team.
we love hearing about their chocolate preferences “: Who doesn't love the banter between and ? #spop12”
Oh my god little brother just called Littlefinger the Snape of Game of Thrones- it's true! I always root for the same characters!
gonna sit on the couch, while the man is preoccupied looking up at the sky. hehehe
Really considering dark hair again
thx for the rt! Hope u r well!!
At Times It Seems Like You Do Not Care. Others It Seems Like You Are The Only One That Cares. Where Is The Middle?
*huge gasp* :O lol thats how i feel about Hollister & Abercombie so i now how you guys feel.:)
very cool story!
“: .....Nah, cause I don't like u. Haha” smart man cuz I was leading you into a ditch
RT : inspiring talk this morning with great way to start the morning! - thanks 4 coming!
Great...glad to hear it Ashley. Should be a fun weekend!
Cool feature, of you have to fix a misspelt title/slug, it will automagically redirect when you change it.
I’m Really Phobic About Flying I’m Always Looking For Potential Emergency Landing Sites…Loved Flying Over Kansas…
Need to find something to watch!
Watching the new Law & Order SVU... there's a victim named Leslie Adams. Aka: "Fantastica" I've never laughed so hard in my life.
It is possible to use your VA eligibility more than once.
DeMaio's question to Fletcher: are you under investigation for ethics violation?
Typical Petrino fashion. He issues a note.
You are an Awesome God!
we'll cry on Friday, 'kay? I'm gonna be in 8th alone too, you, bobby, joseph & sam are leaving <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
With so many great ones, it's hard to choose. RT : What is your most memorable stop on the Road to Hana? We'll share your answers.
to retrieve a quarter!
It's normal to sneak in a midnight snack before you hit the sack! :)
Ha the gig is worth it, but you kno me. #MacIsGoodforPeopleWithOCD Using a PC is like
John Mayer what is your problem?! I'm glad I never bought one of his cheezy albums. Jen is way to good for him.
faithful 49er fan wishing u a speedy recovery
always. whatcha got? :)
Just booked Life is a Balancing Act gig for August 17-19! Great place to rest, relax, spa! Current 2/1 offer can't be beat!
'Sideline reporting' takes on a whole new meaning when you're having to interview a jockey while both riding horses
How was the rest of your day????
There are over 110,000 people on the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS) list in Richmond, Virginia waiting 4 transplant.
Check out our site at: www.prenmacgolfcartflags.com for our featured Handicap Flag and 30 or 40' flag pole..so easy to attach to your cart
Thank you for the ReTweet!
hhhhhmmmm i kno you aint talkin, i hate that im in the boot even if its less stressful than the cast
To tutoring i go(:
Sweating PoorUser / Liquid'Zephyr in the open bracket. He's the #128 seed. GLGL.
Bring out the Summer Abs... Mat Class tonight at 6pm!!!
My mom just said, and I quote... "I wonder how people get their feet through then skinny pants" go ahead and comment
trust no player. fear no bitch. give no pussy. suck no dick. people play games, and are full of shit play the role, and be the baddest bitch
Now THAT was a basketball game!!! And I'm not saying that just because #ku won ... Ok yes I am! #rockchalkjayhawk !!!!
Check your DM :)
I'm so sore from the gym <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
I'll be a Muslim. Fuck all the bullshit
proving nothing. What u've argued is 'slavery is that act of possessing something, and all animals r something.' In reality u'r
same! What gym?
hope you're having a good day everything okay well, H
“: Miller Park sounds like Augusta right now at The Masters. #OpeningDay”
no way you took Missouri to LOSE
good thing u drove the Jeep
you're the most beautiful person I have laid my eyes on (: lol
hell yeah
Win 2 tickets- Last Night of the Proms 28th Jan Palace Theatre #Newark. Just tweet or DM why you deserve to win by 19th Jan. Be creative!
- Um..... Heck Yes! I'm always up for the challenge! Pick your DVD of choice Lil Lady!!! :)
Yo got beef? Well fuck you I like burgers.
im thinking i want to drive around cuz im really bored home
Tweeetttt Me Please
thinks "Forgiveness takes strength, but Forgetting takes a miracle" xx
Thank you!! Added to my home screen. Can't wait to make it, think I'll make it next weekend. :)
Tom Cruise- he can run.
Things I don't really need but will probably buy? New May 2012 , which "will include an expanded social media chapter"
my ear hurts :(
whats the account
I just want 2 days to lay in bed & sleep.
yeah what a crap call. Bullshit call.
My 900th Tweet!
Interesting stat RT : Danica's Q Score is a 22. Average for all race car drivers (active and retired) is 14.
thanks for the follow!
haha, awesome :) i am so mad i couldn't go lol
#AustinTexas. If you have a tip, you want to report, abuse here in the local Austin & Metro Area - Email us at
Great interview! Love your site!
Hey Brooke thanks for following me, guess what I have a cousin in columbus named Brooke, but she doesn't have a mask like that
We're talking about the trial for the former brother-in-law of #Jennifer #Hudson, coming up on the !
Sale-Leasebacks: Corporations Squeeze Capital out of Real Estate - Area Development Online
yeah he scored 2 today against swansea the game kicked off at 8:30am our time.
Relaxing after getting the Montgomery & East Bank Pools up and running for the summer - Pools are open!
RT : Why do people never say "it's only a game" when they're winning?= becus they are winning :p
Hey folks -- there appears to be a problem with the 'Add Venue' function in the Camerata calendar. Looking into it now...
Happy Happy Monday Tweepers! As you begin your week do so with anticipation. Determine that this will be a great week, and it will be!
I'm pretty sure I've been a good boy so I'm going to treat myself to The Hunger Games. Let's do this.
Still have the beginning of song Punk Weight stuck in my head D:
can't wait for this game
Certainly agree with you, disagreeing with the author No! Reflective <U+2260> pompous.
yes hes my second favorite and the niall(:
RT : PopCap's Roberts: About 20 percent of PopCap employees are working on social media games.
Officially obsessed with the '20s
I make a mean oatmeal.
#TwSIG Awesome SIG today. also wrote about Klout as org that measures social media impact
Sen. McCain, Thank you for visiting Fountain Hills. Sorry I couldn't greet you, I was speaking @ underage drinking symposium.
Dad has been piddling with his watch a few hours every night. I say get a less complicated watch!
You're especially excited about the gaming room!
Not just let them see, but if you need to...apologize to them. They'll never forget that!
they will let you do that?!?! I would so buy them haha :) CONGRATS! Love you!!!
Way to come through in the clutch Mason!!
Congrats on the internship/job, that's pretty awesome
A6: don't ask where have you done this exact thing before? Every project is a snowflake they are al different
Wade just made the ugliest face yo lmao
Last night was fucking bomb; Had such a great time. !!
well come to Wisconsin!!
lmao nice. and I will be doing humpty dance /cc
On the light rail headed down to AZ Center for 4:30 Kick Ass show!
Hey editors: took Philly buyout, avail 4 foto/video asgnmts from DC to NYC
Dying to get my hands on Red Dead. Will it live up to my memories of the first one? I sure hope so
We have limited amounts of aged oolong and some great older Puerh tea -- stop by Los Feliz farmers mkt tomorrow and take a look!
thank you for the lines in your article 'Tights are not pants. Get a skirt already.' I feel less alone in the world!
And also vote complete! “This is confirmation of your ballot being successfully submitted for the 50. PUBLIC LIBRARY ASSOCIATION…”
Better get some with this homework ... im so easily distracted .... Time to get er done !
If you wanna know what a girl is thinking.. Get some girl friends and listen to them gossip about how the guy they talk to is boring
Not one performance has really blown me away yet.
too late for me, Tom. I've known more than my share as you well know :) For *us*, time will tell :)
is officially, in other words, a dirty old man.
Just left RWA San Diego meeting. Guest speaker Barbara Vey was awesome. Funny, insightful, REAL. Wow. PW lucky to have her.
The only rooms left at the Hilton when I checked in were smoking rooms
Is that from Sesame Street? If I remember, it's a super sweet song.
Hell of a List, sure you were drooling the whole time!
Greyson Is Not Like The Rest trending,why this week had so many trends about ?this prove that enchancers is around the world!!
it's called "we made this movie"
I agree... you've been saying this for two years :-)
#herestothekid that is blowing up my TL!!!!
shoot me a ticket or two yb
Featured line of the week is Charm it! By High IntenCity. Come to the store to check it out!
Margarita day? Is that what I heard?? I could use one after the last 3 days. :)
I'm a fool and i know it .
Worked out with my ears on the new M. Manson album "Born Villain" First time hearing it - good stuff!
my phone is dead ah! i'll plug it in
I don't get payed enough
thanks Whitney it was
RT : Marketing is not about instant gratification; it’s about building relationships and developing long term clients...
who is nowhere? Is she hot?
This monkey's gone to heaven at 7:48! Thanks XRT.
Disney too
RT if DLC hinted at by should be free! #IncludeEndingsWithRetailCopies Don't exploit loyal fans!
Someone must have said something to Christina about being nicer to people not on her team
If u have a good heart n thats all that matters. I don't care about the rumors or gossip. I like u for ur personality.
Usually Sadie sings Twinkle Twinkle, Barney song, & Happy Bday. 2day she's singing Lucy in the Sky w/ Diamonds. 2012 is off 2 a gr8 start.
I don't even like some of the originals. (:
Boston Aquarium with !
RT : nice use of the #hdsday Twitter stream to inject some humor into your session
sweet disposition.
lol I could have people run support but Id rather get legitimate games without people barely playing lol
nope. I checked listings via cable menu. Just the finals on espnu.
Sooner than later.
My twifey so bad to me ;) <3
I said okay lmao!!
is that beach Shelter Island by chance? Amazing compilation!
you in town?
read what I Tweeted to One of the ass holes that was giving u a hard time. I stuck up for u. I am a fan, always have!
NEVER shave off your eyebrows ladies!! they will never grow back the same.
Kenny's in Foster Care on an All-New "South Park" on Wednesday, November 16 at ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Thinks I just rebroke my growth plate..
Just saw a large man in a red t shirt and overalls. Never have I seen a man who looked more like he drives a tractor?
Conference meet tonight. Lets go
Watching #Girls so I can continue to keep up with the ongoing debate of whether it sucks or not.
I don't think I ever stopped laughing yesterday w/ and !
I've broken my heart so many times I stopped keepin' track.
Some of the smartest people I know are also some of the dumbest... High IQ but lack of commonsense
You have to watch Cartier's L'Odysse'e de Cartier! It is amazing! Genius! Gorgeous! Check it out on you tube!
Shout out to fellow Liberian Johnathan Massaquoi for getting drafted to Atlanta Falcons!!!!
RT #SFGiants tie at 1-1 in 6th off Huff sac fly but Pirates take lead again w/ run in bottom half of inning. SF trails 2-1 thru 6
fuck cheerleaders for being so pretty.
yes, red wine and most drinks
"I love the smell of bleach."
A man must be willing to die for justice. Death is an inescapable reality and men die daily, but good deeds live forever.-Jesse Jackson
Finally! I am going to see Breaking Dawn tomorrow night! So excited! Been waiting a long time!
Tonight at 101 rocking out the place!!!! everything at the bar will only be 2 dollars!!! Limited stock so let's get Down Crazy!!!
“When the music changes, so does the dance” ~African Proverb~
will only be seeing #song1 through the eyes of : you can diversify my view!
Hart of Dixie! its gone be cray!!!
Tease. I just got to work & can't check FL for 9+ HOURS.
Oh fires how i've missed you
We are located 10 minutes from every LA County Jail!
RT 'I go to a dream University. Thanks Terps of past for making today possible.' Thx for your work in making UMD great, too!
That awkward moment when I arrive in NYC via Laguardia airport and starts following me!!
RIP aeronaut Henry Gilbert. He made more than 300 ascensions, one that reached the height of 4 miles.
Great songs
is this alive people ?
What is your business doing to gain more exposure? What has ur company given back to the community?
Black dude just took some starwberry jam packs just to put them right back
No I'm now pro prop D. Not a richpublican! !!
Each team can only be picked once.
Having a HOA Marathon tonight, well i already started and I'm on episode 8 or 9 but I'm not gonna finish until the Q&A
Pretty deliciously good right? But did you follow dessert breakfast with dessert dessert?
oh look, again. i was fine. until you texted me. now i'm crying again. i really need to fucking stop. but i miss you so fucking much.
Off to the 10th we go
Ima Addicted To The Ink
good morning, loving the music lying in bed here
Damn couldn't he just ask an easy one like "Where do babies come from?"
Oh, good--THAT I can support!
So long since I've had a day where I had no place to be. While there are things to do, I am enjoying being a slug.
Omaha - Big Dance here too - in Greensboro
Come on today FCB!
Engraving music and listening to E-40. Hyphy copying is a good kind of copying.
ahh! more cute cat stuff, love it! I got a tshirt today from a thrift store that says party hard with a skull and beer bottles
Look at the damage,That you caused..
Give a call
no. I'd love to though
When "What Is Love" comes on #pandora before you go to the bar, you know it's going to be a great night.
Me-"Dad I failed my math final...." dad-"Guess you're an F-sian, not Asian" lolol.....
from what times is the marketing office open?
Winding down from Day 1 (of 4) as co-star on Harry's Law; what a lovely day . . . on the same set with Camryn Manheim AND Kathy Bates!
Hey there, Austin Mahone.
I can describe The Avengers in one word
Say it ain't so, Cam!
I don't catch feelings I let the nxt dumb bitch get hit wth em
It's Friday , hurray !!! NASCAR this weekend . Hell yeah
Really enjoyed the & event yesterday! Great resources coming out about planning #TAH and PD trips for teachers
American Idol? Gross. Who is Phillip Phillips and why is his name Phillip Phillips? Ugh.
Need sleep :/
#SaveTheArctic : No drilling in the Arctic!
oh pacers
We live to fight another day
Hello Ariel, thanks for the follow.
I would say UNITED Airlines Baggage Claim
Launching innovative company soon - Marketing done properly (and yet spelt wrongly)
Word of advice. Never work with your friends on a project because you will end up doing all of the work.
biggest hustle motivators lyrically
We are the Living Social Las Vegas Deal Today! Check it out!!!
I swear my brother keeps pulling down his pants to show his ass. Lmao !
This Shit Real..
why I simply say "baby... Oh baby.... My sweet baby ... You're the one..."
Having drinks with filmmaker friends @ Bar Paya lower east side NYC!!
Showing up at a BBQ drunk af ready for ribs
"Turns my heart." Phrase of the day. Anyone who uses it has to do the Pee Wee Herman dance.
What now?
yeah :/ we have a hip hop show that night, so cross your fingers I don't die.
wazowski, we understand you love the gym,but I don't need it on my news feed everyday(: lol jk
Darvish determined in Rangers win
coat, scarf, n gloves for me. and a venti latte! haha
Had that 7 goal swag
haha! I've met him a few times & <3 him. He got off on tangents about organizing his man bag & passed out jolly ranchers. :)
Hay guys
Sometimes you just have to play Angry Birds.
What up fam! Check yo phone
#Imagine You're lying on your stomach in bed while Zayn kisses his way down your bare back.
guess I should eat somethin before work..
's "Art of non conformity" is a life changer..go forth and spread the word....spread it!!
haha! RT when I was in jail this crazy white boy reminded me of you !
ruined twitter for me just now. Don't talk like you know what's going on homie or machine
You should view "clubbed to death" by rob dougan on youtube!!!! It's a pretty cool beat and video!!! ;)
Harrell would be a luxury on Kentucky's 2012 roster. Great athlete, huge wingspan, excels as a rebounder. Not a big scorer, though.
If you didn't like him you shouldn't of put it in your mouth.
ALL WHITE EVERYTHING PARTY 2MORROW KLUB D'MIXX SPECIAL PERFORMANCE TRIPLE D OWN BLAQ DIOR LADIES GET YA SEXY ON FELLAS GET YA GROWN MAN ON
Tavis is the best at football <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
yes indeed Sounded like a sly mountain But Madrid is kinda like that! Apropos! Cool old mining town.
it's to cold for ice cream! O.o hahaha your crazy haha jk :P
investigating a shooting on N Woolsey. At least one person shot. We will have more coming up at 11pm.
Just started my 4th scarf this year. Going to have to open an etsy store...
ikr? Thought that would change as I got older, but evidently not! LOL! It's all good! <3
hahah. yeah me & my friend hayley were there.
We're opening our doors tomorrow; come in for our buy 1 get 1 free frozen yogurt special!
Before you open your mouth to judge someone, open your eyes & take a look at yourself in the mirror.
Lol @ my mom telling me not to answer the door while she's gone. Too bad im not even planning on getting out of bed, and I'm not 6?
GO DOWN THE POSTS TO FIND VOTING ----
You bet I am! Looking forward to hearing a show in Seattle. Say hey to home in Astoria for me!
going back to the old name
I need to stop omg i still have math hw
How about a cake with cheese on top of it? Hehe
I woke up soo late .
I'll call you tomorrow to discuss.
*reviewed (hit a bump in the road!)
15 working days to go!
The James Douglas Show is on 94 Rock right now! Tune in!
We want examples of your super meals. Let us know what your favorite nutrient packed meal or snack is!
We are excited too!
amazing!! good job Austin! please follow me?
I'm in Raleigh
has ever made a phone that works for more than a few months before becoming an enormous pain in the ass? never again.
Mel had 30, it's the rest of this lazy team... Don't trip, whoever come out the West got hands for y'all
Bring your A game when texting me, ladies
Night everyone! I shoulda been asleep already got more tests in the morning :s
Happy Mothers Day to all of the beautiful mothers! I hope your day has been blessed beyond measure.
Can't change the radio station fast enough when I hear Nicki Minaj's voice
do AM's stream? :)
luv you though!!
Looks like another bad week for the Tampa Bay Bucs. They went down 16 to 13, against the Washington Red Skins.
imma email it
As a believer in geometric principles, #food should not be one of them. I'm taking to you Dominos...your meal box is disgusting looking.
is this considered reflection or busyness that is not really productive?
Funny! My mom used to play Luiz Bonfá records when I was a baby. But the Black Sheep melody pre-dates by 230 years. :)
My Chicago Bears cap caused quite a stir at Central Market this AM. Go Bears!
Anyone have any good ideas for a pony / horse cake for bday party? For twin 8-yr-old girls?
We've already hit summer afternoon thunderstorm weather... Shockingly large hail so far- weather report says maybe more today.
That's pretty bad, but thanks to teacher for looking outside the system to find appropriately challenging homework...
“If you could get up the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.” ~David Viscott
happy joyous birthday... stay and always be blessed!!!
follow....and these are ADULTS. Fair weather or bandwagon fans are all over the place...
If Lions can't win against Packers subs... do they even deserve to be in the playoffs?
Preparing to watch the movie "Promises" - should be a good discussion! Anyone else seen it?
Did you know beer is the 2nd most popular drink in the world, coming in behind tea? Learn why at this June's WI Beer Lovers Festival!
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina The Green Vagina
if i could give you 1 thing i would give u the ability to see yourself through my eyes only then would you realize how special you're to me
Agreed. Or Clarence Clemons. RT : A1 Freddie Mercury, no question.
lol well I never said they were a time period but their apart of medieval times; look at the fairly odd parent epi of it;D
De la soul is from the soul ... Word
HIGH FIVES IN THE WAR ROOM
Ur the best!!! Thanks Girl!
I've got a friend looking at it today!
Why am I sleep retarded?
Thanks to the fans who stuck by us even though we were terrible. We don't deserve you all. We shit on your goodness.
If a fellow IU entrepreneur followed us that would be awesome!!
M83 Is coming here on the 5th of may, I like that idea!
I still look good! John, not so much! ;p
I GOT YOU SAM I ALWAYS FOLLOW BACK,CHECK OUT SOME MUSIC ON MY TWEETS
always better to be cool about things and try to talk them out......
no): but I wish he would
10 differentSierra Nevada beers to tempt you today!!
does the fact that we're on Eastern Daylight Time have anything to do with it? ;)
1945- Adolph Hitler celebrated his last birthday (56) in his bunker and announced his decision to remain in Berlin
When people rush me to make a decision, I usually just decide that i'm not gonna do whatever they wanted to do since they're so impatient.
Suns Ticket draft was last night for our group. OHA got some great games!!!
HHC's Kelley Gossett and Sara Fujiwara presenting now at the conference.
You know you are on a Costa Cruise line when...the maid leaves a swan on your bed using wet towels...all the passengers tip at the same time
Saw online grousing about Leap Day being an extra day of work. Huh?
I used to go to Bally's...until I realized that gyms aren't supposed to be dark and depressing
#TeenLifeFact will NEVER tweet & follow me. I I know that for a fact.
On that work flow
hey! are you still working at ology? how's it going? I'm sure super boring without me :-)
THX for a great spot this morning Megan! So fun! RT: This weekend? this Sat & Sun.. Proceeds go to local schools.
wake up wake up wake up it's the first of the month..get up get up get up.
just stay off the trampoline
About cars but about so much more as well--“You must have the freedom to look beyond what had been done before.”--Dr. Ferry Porsche
Pierce is a Broncos fan too. Something else you two have in common
Listen to Dan Coughlin tell crazy stories about unforgettable characters at Tuscarawas Library TOMORROW at 6:30p.
my dads telling me this old ass cuban remedy to get rid of my flu.. it includes cognac eggs and cinnamon... what the eff
when's that Davidson Hart Kingsbery single gonna be out so I can tell all my friends to line up
Such a long hard day.
So glad you liked the music! And yes, just let me know when next week is good for you re: meeting up.
Happy Birthday!
Never been so excited to put on my PJs and drug myself up.
Hello, I just sent you an important DM :)
Oh, I hope so. Imagine having 'who's blowing POTUS' as our most pressing national issue.
Yep, that's a fantastic paper.
OOH -_- How was your weekend? ^-^
UGH. Jimmy Fallon, your standing ovation for Charlie Sheen has ended our love forever.
: Had a fantastic time tonight! Bring on the CRUD!
I had to realize it my self that i wasnt no sneakerhead bcuz at 1st i thought like most of these niggas at here smh
the Final Student Performance of Solo Flamenco! Place: Eugenios: 3584 SE Division Street
Ready to watch
Then following me with your Honda car.
most of them are talking about the NYTimes. Hip hop is keeping print media alive single-handedly.
Hey James! Love the work you do with S.I.R.! If you'd ever like to feature us on Tha Breaks, let us know!
I CANNOT wait to see MIB I
Oh, I'm great at buying stupid stuff.
i have major luggage under my eyes-don't want surgery yet, which would do wonders for me...yes, i'm a wimp.
Every time Firefox updates itself, God kills a kitten.
we need to get on the roll cuz wuz up with big papper
So nice to see people I consider to be real journalists tweeting about #ScandalABC and not trash like BBWives!
Facebook is the new lawn sign says
my new onslaught of artistic brilliance has arrived & you shall rue the day you taunted me, RUE!
Kuntry musik depresses me. Lol how y'all listen to that shit?
Thanks Brad! :D
more skiing Alyssa ??? :-)
Agreed, but people want that house & yard. The American Dream on a tight budget sometimes means ignoring the landfill next door
Is the Dynex adapter for the laptop also okay 4 cell phones or hair dryer or my husband's shaver?
THANKS so Fn MUCH! you hooked up my friends band and now they are on tour!!!
New wine tastings kicks off today. Pinot time: 2 from CA, 1 from France. If you find the French Pinot you get $2 off! Good Luck.
Thank you to Spring Branch Community Health Center for being a spotlight program in #Houston!
catching some <U+E13C>'s early tonight.
I will never again buy a #T3 blow dryer. Mine literally blew sparks and died randomly. Apparently this has been a huge problem
im glad im not the only one. lol I feel lame bc it but oh well.
You should! I'll go with you!
25% of total number of picture books by African-American authors were written by celebrities -- Justin Tuck, Dionne Warwick etc
that's a good way to think :)
eel river!
make me a chicken sandwich and some waffle fries
We'd love to meet you in person next time you're in Seattle! :-)
follow back ? :)
you're a doll ;) thank you!
...thanks for following
love your site. working on my re.vu. question: why isn't M.Ed. or Ed.D. one of the degree choices under "education"?
thank you so much! Sorry for the super late reply
“: ladies, good luck getting your boyfriend to eat, blink, shower or even remember you exist in the next 72 hours... #MW3”
I really like the #Astros lineup tonight.
Fred Steiner, who wrote "Perry Mason" & "Rocky&Bullwinkle" themes, also wrote (uncredited) for "Return of the Jedi". Talk about versatility!
Can we hit 425 likes tonight? If we can, we can do an iPhone game giveaway! I love giveaways so spread the page!
How's your Ipod doing? xD
is PGA national just playing tough or what? Some pretty big numbers so far.
that would be fun!
I'm actually happy to get in the pool today cause its soo hott
yessir! Great idea on the change up. I love the new concept.
hi justin:)....hope you follow back<3
shut up.
Thanks for the follow.. now following back! looking forward to sharing the information.. Have a great day.
#YouCuteAndAllBut you aren't "bad" so stop acting like you're all that.
My new novel has a Mormon semi-albino in it, and I'm still having trouble finding a publisher--what do these people want!?
At the Nets game :)
you haven't won yet? Damn. Remind me to vote later.
Single-use plastic bags are the most littered items in the world. Right up there with cig butts, bottle caps, and styrofoam.
. says major fashion media outlets are the ones truly surprising the tumblr team on creative uses of its platform.
Madonna's not on Twitter? And they're wondering why the new album ain't doin so hot...
nice meeting you today. Looking forward to hearing the podcast w !
The College Park IKEA sees it's very first...?? Watch GMM at 5:30a on to find out!
: The sneaky Google+ trick worked!
Sounds great. We're sure you'll enjoy it. Let us know how it goes!
ikr :) cant wait!
aww i just saw your blog ! and i truly enjoyed your clip on self love gorgeous
aite I got u next time
i love my followers <3
#NBA Adds 2 games to opening day. Now there are 5 games on #Christmas starting at 12PM EST going to 1AM EST, 13 straight hours of ball
And now, thanks to , I am super excited to learn about radio/archive nerd's dream come true! cc:
My Blog name has changed again from: giggling.blogdog.com to giggling-bloglight.com. Come visit soon as I continue to post interesting stuff
Eating a banana <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0092>
Happy MLK Jr. Day!
Live TWEET-UP, Friday 4-13 6pm: FREE taste to share thoughts on '09 Cab Franc, $3 Glass, 20% off Bottles, Draw for FREE tix to 1st Concert.
Rugrats was the best show eva
16 more days <U+2764>
time for dessert
Good game every young player should attend a college game!
RT : Hey English Majors ...wondering what to do with your degree? Think social media, content creation, digital marketing
Why do you regret it?
The fact that I remember Newsies that well scares me, the fact I am now humming half the songs is even worse. So thanks for that.
Steve spoke with him one day only to see in the news later John speaking of the same things Steve spoke to him about.
"Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." - Will Rogers. How are you going to keep moving in 2012?
Lol I'm always up late!!
TestDrive: Redesigned VW Beetle tweaked with males in mind - Chicago Tribune
Hacking the Google TV Box Without Rooting It
lmao Um no
Time Iz Money I Need My Money So Dont Waste My Time!
When was the last time that you talked to me? Seriously, I feel like I don't even know you at all.
Good run for the Heat!!
That '58 Les Paul shall be mine!! And then i will shred like Slash :D jk i'll be better than that bc i don't need drugs!
Desk is clean, emails are sorted, notebook is full, January to do list is made...I am ready to leave work and not return until 2012!
See - we are better off making our own! Why pay for something we have add stuff too to make it taste good!
#dhtrial a bit of a surreal experience.
There is a time and place for 4 inch heels and 7:45 am on a hard wood floor is definitely not one of them.
I watched a 7 yr old girl catch 4 fish with a pink Barbie Doll rod and reel this July 4th. She was so happy her first time fishing.
Sure. I'll hold my breath.
How are your 2011 resolutions coming? You've still got time.....
It takes a Judge to figure that out!?!
Thanks Chad. I have lots of ideas and theories, but getting them in place and working is another story! Getting there though.
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
#gcyale : Tech policymakers think of censorship as filtering at the internet gateway level. But China only filters int'l sites.
Haha I'm not sure I was ever really cool. But damn now that I have Vanessa I know what it's like to be happy & feel cool.
of course!;)
we had Anthony Davis Draw the names, Sorry that you dont like that.
such a sick speech
My eyes always hurt so much when I wake up.
go home
“Who answered, Give me a blessing; for thou hast given me a south land; give me also springs of water. And he gave her the upper springs,...
#20ThingsILove Watching politicians raise and spend millions of dollars for failed campaigns.
The weight of contemplating how each of 500 other minds will react to your shared information. Causes people to just not post.
just sent over the pics!!! Check yo email!
My biggest dream would be to have tweet me..if she did I think id prob faint!!! Love u so much kim huge huge huge fan of urs
Thanks for the huge turn out tonight and all the eric church fans!
please follow me i will follow you back promiss
RT : Later this afternoon, workers will put in place a beam that will make One World Trade Center the tallest building in NYC
internships right now. Send over a resume if you're interested.
I swear I read your burning fields Tweet before. Are you recycling Tweets?
RT RT : today is my son's Zion's 9th bday n he is a total D. Wade fan! Would u RT this to m...
Chillin watching Vanessa Simmons new show before the game...
Temple Univ Press authors Marc Bekoff & Leslie Irvine will be at the Boulder Book Benefit Saturday at 30th and Pearl from 10-2. Will you?
I miss you too! You need to come to the allnighter this Friday!
Let me see those hearts burst, RIP Ryan Dunn i always thought u would have the final laugh, sad moment in history
chevy tuned up
sammeee.... I hate when I'm just sitting here... Like can we just leave please?
#newplay saying that relevance culturally is based on saturation that plays rarely achieve. Given that, local relevance better
Today In School Was Kinda Wierd. The Floors Were Wet Because Of The AC, So People Started Falling, Even The Teachers!!
guy in shorts is just preparing for his retirement here in Florida.
There is no greater ally than a teacher, says
Just got done with the math competition. That was the hardest pre calculus test I've ever taken. I only answered 25 out of 40.
I just got one, what took me so long?
I don't want this phone anymore
I feel lonely....
The coverage of the #Giro also has people who get the foreign names right; which is really nice. And the Italian names, natch.
#wssmiami Jody Johnson is Powerfully AWESOME!!!!!!!!!
Oh Esteban, your so dreamy and mysterious.
#FF: wonderful musicians and our lovely clients:
yes!! sweet! and im just gana watch i will prob kill myself if i even atempt to try to dance like chachi ha
Are you going to come and pay the ransom to see the artwork again?
Breathless strip club with my niggas
RT : Yuck. If I want to vote in the primary I have to "affiliate" myself. Blah.
That's right!
3 Greater Madison Chamber members received WI 2012 Trailblazer awards for women in biz...Donna Gray, Marsha Lindsay and Kelly Starr-King.
G'day all!
"Anger has a honeyed barb and poisoned root." #quotes on the seduction & ease of choosing anger.
Shake yo booty. RT TheBarboza: Turnt Up with is going off! FREE dancing until 3AM tonight. Roll through!
what picture ?!?
This fuckin' constant rain is cock blocking me from a bike ride. Bitch.
Facebook comment....Very Funny!
Ready for the weekend
"When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile."
I definitely will be coming by a lot more. The vibe and food at Axum was great!
If they're apartments, why are they so close together?
My personal hero at the NYT, Thomas Friedman. Hell yeah.
yeah that is! I dont know how you do it. Caffine is a drug to me!
Make yourself a prophet tonight
My work computer is making my job impossible. I am very tempted to kick it.
so what's up?? Are you doing anything fun today??
Early call time tomorrow. Oy.
I held the first practice as the coach for my sons T-Ball team today. Nothing makes you more popular to little ball players then bubble gum.
I probably can.
thats what I like to hear. 4 works for me. Il call you in a little bit and dicuss
Haven't played an Assassin's Creed game since the first one. Mohawk Valley seems like a fun setting, but what's with that costume design?
wants to travel The Andes. Our future
what should i eat
sometimes they forget bout that nigga when she run n2 that nigga that knock it out the frame....
Too bad you can't tell that line was Flowmax. Run loops around you,I call it pro laps. "Just do it" all better, nickname is Bo Jax
Aww, thank you Sharon!! :)
Mama's Royal
T-Mac to the rack!
Chilling like a villain!
hesitation in anything= not meant to be :-)
Now juggling 2 jobs, another on the horizon and self funded projects. I am a learning, creative, driven freaky thing :P
dam finally got my twitter back
We <3 you, Service Industry! Half off select microbrews and top shelf! Madness starts at 9!
I'm gonig to on Wednesday!!
How do you manage the #language barrier on Twitter?
This is how it goes. I will respect those who respect me, and forget those who forget me. Simple as that.
ha ha!
Please read my latest post about the School Cave.
that is interesting
What's your favorite random thing to talk about? lol
Oh yes mam I will try my hardest to step up my game #WhatsUpWithThat <U+E40D><U+E40D><U+E40D><U+E40D><U+E40D><U+E40D><U+E40D><U+E40D><U+E40D><U+E40D><U+E40D><U+E40D><U+E40D>
Your options are much better in Chicago than LA. Only 3 interstate lines here.
i just dont understand how someone w that much fame and talent can lose it all.
what a great reason!
I mean 13 days. My iPhone messed up
Just throw it in the bag !!
40 yrs ago, the Yankees sold for 10 mil. The Dodgers just sold for 2 bil. Damn, I KNEW I should've bought a team when I had the chance.
Two men of life in Los Angeles: "splendid isolation" -Igor Stravinsky; "theatrical impermanence" -Christopher Isherwood
I'm following and we love u (:
4 characters from Bridesmaids in a new movie<3333 YES
is everything okay? Carl? Hernia?
LOL! *hiccups loudly afterwards*
I want to be a #Gladiator in a suit.
Thank you!!
don't do this.. I was mad.. I love you.
hahah good luck trying to get them, i bought them.
I LOVE when you ignore my texts. <3 Makes me feel awesome. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
It's okay by we always have each other, a few friends it's better then crazy ones<3
Searchign for a STAFF #ACCOUNTANT in #Clearwater send resume to
Tommy's new nickname: The Ground Squirrel Whisperer #Untamed Americas
People can get away with so much bullshit, as long as they say they were trolling. But bitch, we all know you were serious.
New pic,,. And God his smile puts me in a trance<3
“ If I kiss you in public than you mean something !”
great point!
writing my diss chap. about bike lanes as i live in mpls and visit pdx for many weeks. the corniness is not lost on me. #BIKES!
Feel calmer already. Thanks!
Leftover ham biscuit and broccoli casserole for breakfast.
that awkward moment when I didn't get a present...
After fighting Cancer, a messed up back and neck, high blood pressure, and various other health problems... Continued next tweet
Romantic Tip #11: Memorize her favorite poem or song and recite it or sing it during a special moment =p you know what to do ;-)...
listening to The Wiggles + Leo Sayer covering his "You Make Me Feel Like Dancing." Can it get stranger? yes. They do the chorus in Greek!
": Packing, packing, packing. Heading to AZ first thing Thursday." Drive safe, the superfans will c ya down there!
I was privileged to have been at the Sunday performance.
Why must my dog be a simp?
Attending the keynote session tonight at
#mitt2012 #Gop #Romney Sad thing is, THEY think that's being EQUAL!
wow. That make me feel old!! Haha
lol yep cuz that was one of the best episodes
RT : commits to nonprofit cabinet if mayor. Refuses to meet with environmental nonprofits as councilmember
Choices ARE endless... BE CHOOSEY!!!
Who's ready for BlueMonster merch?
Happy Valentines to the #cbias community! :-)
sexiest TIMES INFINITY TIMES INFINITY TO THE POWER OF Q SEXIER THEN ME
well then: anger anger anger mayo mayo mayo pants pants pants aghghhhhhh!
The Don highly recommends reading this article. That's right, you can actually glean some good ideas from his, um, "style" of leadership...
Have u done similar rundown of older classics? All About Eve etc? Would love to see that. (Did see Best Supporting Actress)
which stage play did u see? I hope you respond this time cause uh...you be MIA on me tho....lol
Like this: Scene1: char desire articulated. Scene2: char takes action to achieve desire. -Ellen Pollack #muse2012 RT
Thats why i be On twitter all day
Interesting. RT Close Caps-Bruins was highest rated NHL series in Comcast SportsNet history.
Eric Thomas "Secrets to Success"
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: disabled vehicle Southbound I35 at Woodward on the service road
Celebrating 's and 's new #DCjobs at tonight with 's Super #Supper at by !
God never said I couldn't get naked pictures of girls ;)
Or is he, or anybody. No one I already had, now I only need it.
Watching new girl, love this show(:
Michael Steele spotted at Bob McDonnell inagural ceremony.
You are the epitome of hypocrisy.
a playoff is just going to make it more argumentative because it's 120 teams decided by subjectivity not 32 on the red zone
Cloud Browse now has in-app purchase available for unlimited subscription upgrades!
Three night sounds of New Orleans: steel beams clanging near the river; elaborate songs of mockingbirds; helicopters chopping sticky air.
will y'all still be there in a half hour?
Mega motorcade delaying my bus. Upside: lots of motorcycles, which are always cool.
Feel like doing a message series on John 15... so rich and powerful! "Oh, to have fruit that remains!!!"
You Wana Go Over There Around 11-12am? Or You Wana Go Earlier?
great pace so far in the
Hoosiers beat Illinois and Purdue by double figures. The world is right again (well at least my little piece of the sports world)
PLS RT!! Monster Truck show @ Lazy E Arena in Guthrie, January 7th & 8th! Come see a great show! For more info. visit lazye.com
about to watch 21 jump street again :}}}
#sentimental...;( guess i'll just always be this way
India&#39;s champion boxing mum eyes Olympic gold
#FYCchat I consider teaching of any sort (incl. parenting) useful in all ped. environments. ESL especially.
Mr. Potatohead rules French fry menus customed cut, crisped, sauced just4u; mix-in masher menus aka SF's Jasper's Corner Tap & Kitchen
Had my first chorizo tonight. Awesome! Spicy goodness that makes up for a crummy day.
Really feeling better after my shitty day.
It must be hard to be that finee ~
..most likely
i need more followers
Grouposts is launching soon... We're currently looking for group suggestions and content developers... send us a message if interested!
So anxious to get today started!! Gonna find something fun yet fulfilling to do!! I'll follow that up with a healthy dinner. Life is good :)
It's finally #EarthMonth! let's celebrate!!
if you could come into the studio I am thinking 7:15...if you can only do the phone...7:45.
RT This Monday show world u support free information & lifelong learning. www.savethelibrary.org.
#ThatFeelingYouGet when you talk to someone you like:)
Our mentions are so dry! Someone spam us,please!-Kelly
i wanted to tan... Stupid rain
twitvid.com/CGZPN - Cheap & Yummy! Dine out and save with on NBC San Diego @ 11 Tonight VIDEO
Awesome job Alexandria on the results!
or a taco either or would be great
thanks RT : Just did a custom yoga session and it's found by a friend's friend!
love my coffee!
Fucking Apple Man
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOUNG LADY!!! DO SOMETHING EXTRA SPECIAL TODAY! IT'S ASHLEY'S DAY! XX
Well, looks like I'll be in year-long school.. Summer classes here I come.
.. RT : lmao im not a fan so im good if he don't respond... on the other hand..shit would make my day!
Kobe gotta shit so bad lol
"Klout believes you are influential about Bacon." YEAH!!
But it's not a good nor bad role. I mean you are victimized but that's about it.
Thank you for thinking of me. I have followed the light & shared in its brilliance w/ many friends & it has led me back home.
haha! Nice! Sounds pretty hardcore :)
Sorry—still too spendy for me right now…
I want to go out tommorow
Refs getting Cuse back into the game. Typical Boeheim. See 1st round.
Congrats on the deserving Grammy. Great show this year at Caramoor.
Do Bunac! Then get a bunch of your new friends together and come on a Go Trek USA camping trip of your lifetime when its over!
Lundvquist (sp?) is singlehandedly keeping the Rags in this
The nasty bits or prime steak? RT : Anyone out there want to help us build a website? We can pay in meat...
thanks for the follow track star! :)
Meijers understands my family craziness. This store doesnt .
Chillin at 's house. Didn't want to be home. LOL.
that's a great way to keep them involved. Do they give any feedback?
So I can't stop thinking about my crush...:T T-------- can't wait to see him again!:)
busy babe just got off work
yes(: he's absolutely perfect for me(;
And the rains came, from the picture with the same name.
I hope to be back on track with my drawings this weekend.
i have No idea
hahahahahahahaha... yep!!! Life is good!!! Lol
Grad school will be a blessing regardless of the cost. It'll give me something to focus on when there's downtime at work.
here in the sun theres only 15 minutes of fun.
My entire timeline in Facebook are pictures of newborn babies!! Everyones got the #babyfever <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
nice RT "2 + 2 = 0". Seriously though, isn't this the second time this has happened this year?
you coming over?
Mrs. Roadside actually spent a summer working there. :-) Haven't been there in forever though.
thanks boo! come on through!!!
Have a great Friday the 13th all! WauHaHa
Sometimes other people's problems help put our own in perspective. Hurtful to think.
Yo mamma is so black she went to night school and got marked absent.
Come taste phenomenal bread .... Today it's perfect , warm ,crunchy ...And iIt's smell like heaven
"Ain't no sex like that "we ain't fucked in a while" sex."
Some people have way too much spare time...
beer, burritos, and baseball with my love he's back :)
Jordan high heels
Thanks Bryna. I'll miss you too! Have a great time!
Told it was a 3.9 #earthquake that started west of #SanJuanCapistrano (Very close to #LagunaBeach). Not clear how far it stretched.
maybe don't open with that. just say "hey there"..?
am 13 and ppl say i look like a cute and pretty 10 year old :( but they say am cute and pretty :)
Hey, #j202 a panelist at the event just said math/stats critical. Woot!
Twitter is being stupid.
there we go!!!
why is that number still texting my phone? -.-
YES sir!!!
It is not in the pursuit of happiness that we find fulfillment, it is in the happiness of pursuit. -Denis Waitley
We've got EVERYTHING you need to crank up the Bar-B!!! New Lodge Cast Iron, New BBQ tools! Stop on by!
I love twitter hah.
I'm so gonna have you do some Skype singin' power for one of my birthdays.
Was at the driving range in Riverview the other day & heard a lady say "The methane smell is really bad today."
haven't heard that in forever !
I just saw #gas for $3.79/gal in Madison. I paid $4.11 just this week. WTF?!
The "gap" and subsequent knowledge to address the gap in the stickiness article reminds me of Dervin's Sensemaking model.
hey umm my mom is gunna drv us tomorrow
Your hair is fucking beautiful, Sarah.
GET IT GURRRL
I really don't like you. RT The phrase "opposites attract" does not apply here RT WHY AM I A WEIRDO MAGNET?!
Do you think Seahawks are in the running for Flynn at all?
Come on dude. Come on.
do they archive those interviews somewhere? I just missed it!
Bout To Watch Tv & Stretch My Leg Out .
Correction, the sound of a black woman with a British accent is hypnotic
Didn't know JC had Twit act RT Close to 12k followers with Gods will can reach that today be with me Jesus if its your will
Ugh... Just ugh... Can all of existence just be over yet?
Thank you! My most international birthday ever!
Who else feels like a retard when you bump into an object then say sorry to it?
salad consumed, doctors orders.
looking slim
netflix wii disc arrived today... nice to not have to deal with cords to hook up macbook to TV anymore
. I knew you'd have my back, Rebecca. I just knew. The next time you are in Louisville, I'll buy you a Coke.
I had such high hopes for today, too...
1909- Mary #Pickford, the first #Movie Star, goes in front of a camera for the first time
nit a goid day tweetibg the mist random crap oh, well YOLO(:
Can water be monstrous? asks Italian artist Silvia Rigon at UCLA's 4th State of the Water Symposium
Bridesmaids was hilarious. #your review was wrong
Great story!
#christine here :))
#NowPlaying: "Something To Change Me", by
Fister working on a No No through 6IP
Oh, dance studio? ;-)
Erving Walker stole a $3 taco. Now, he has to pay a $301 fine. That's an opportunity cost of 100 tacos.
My latest fantasy involves a team of high-powered executives, a gang-bang, with the goal of pregnancy.
#ipb2012 thanks again to all who attended in person, followed the live webcast, or followed on twitter; the 's first ever symposium
. Xylophone - xilofono , Zimbabwe - Zimbabwe .
No, there's no excuse to make this a race issue. Especially by people who would normally be the first to cry racism.
The Heat Smackin the Knicks lol and Baron Davis said they finna sweep the series lmfao wuta load of crap.
Not til July. I want to see you speak in Austin, if I can swing it! :)
God morning <U+2600> “: Good Morning my friend!”
This doesn't look like year. Hope he gets it turned around.
People keep talking about whether it's overrated, but the kids in this NBA Draft class might have more character than any I've ever seen
If all else fails show them the movie American Pie, first one, pretty much covers it, it will have lots of pauses with ?'s.
iPhone vs. Android- Im not hyped about one over the other. Neither company has cut me check, lol. some of yall goin hard like theyre payin
it comes natural
I say 28 minutes...he's gonna want some payback for last time
Another day, another 200 cake pops. Totally bringing the extra cake pops to the market. Hope people like chocolate chip.
A sophisticated rhetorician, inebriated with the exuberance of his own verbosity. ~ Benjamin Disraeli
Wealth, if you use it, comes to an end; learning, if you use it, increases. ~Swahili saying
Sorry my fault but you look good don't worry about that eating thingy
Staying in tonight with a date w a bottle of vino, and the history channel streamed on Netflix.... couldn't b happier!
#11 I was hoping that was going to be your cinderella moment.
One stop shop for your general contracting needs - real estate, design, and construction. Give us a call today. (505) 379-2763
Lets feed them hungry in Detroit baby! Yeah not sure what to say. I'm just trying to spread the word about Feed The D. Share please!
I'm officially a Beileber! :) love you (I love Jelena) <3
Just saw a pigeon fly by with a bagel in its mouth. If the bird got it from Kenny & Zuke's, I'm so jealous.
I booked one of my favorite celebrity actors on my radio show, Jim Dreaver (Bobby Singer on Supernatural) for Sunday, Feb 13 at 5:00 PM.
#FF , the El Paso Times' Chris Roberts, for military and #TX16 coverage. I'm jealous I didn't come up w/ the handle.
and follow my personal account but I waanna get CT tixits too!&i have sec 6 for comcast centre
Sicky poo! Waiting to go to the DR and not looking forward to having to speak to my boss. I'm getting written up for missing work today.
Hey, the #orioles will still be in first.
Thankful for my Father God in times like these.
Nah I think I bout to go sleep. The longer I stay up deh hungrier I getting.
Got advice on how to create added value for the company & further my intellectual talents and interests. Will definitely take this to heart!
RT : Follow this #MKETWEEP: : Linking Buisness Incubators & Accelerators on a global scale. Our site is...
do you mean to say they have phony, expensive, degree programs that focus on leftist ideology? My surprised face :-0 ,)
TGIF Chicago! Join us this weekend DM us for party packages & bottle specials!
you've got that one thing!
you want me to leave :(
Laundry. Beer. The Weary Boys. Saturday.
my head hurts. make it stop!
Being considered for a show on ABC please pray!!! thanx friends and fans!
Just did week 5, day 2 of !
MT Paul Dickson, veteran baseball writer, at 5pm to discuss his new book BILL VEECK: BASEBALL’S GREATEST MAVERICK
RT : Q2 We are about 45 days into the new year, how are your running goals for 2011? What are you working on?
me too n it still works! well for my dad haha
I wish i had a smoking buddy. O well... Ill be back after Im done.
I'm eating Runners. This is my breakfast.
Try refreshing your browser to see if you can get the chat to appear. Let me know how that goes
Economics should accompany the "Social Studies" curriculum in grade school. Our kids grow up with no clue of how capitalism works. Shameful.
Goodnight to the people in china
RT Learning and growing as a person should never stop...being well rounded comes from experiences and being open minded
Success speaks louder than words... Move in silence and let your actions do the talking...
WE SO EXCITED RT Hey, #GWU! There are only FOUR DAYS left until Spring Fling! Who's pumped?
So...how did everyone like yesterday's auction? Who's coming by today??
Yeah me too I'm biggest fan #4FrenchFans :)
loving the spongeBob pic! As the cats (imagine our fat cat Wellington) in those posters say "hang in there".
yo..u been to that party Freedom? used to be at starfood in the city? you look mad familiar..
you're welcome and you're cute :$
": It's April 17th! I hope everyone remembered to file their R2D2s." Haha not yet think we owe bigtime! :(
Don't you wish subway would deliver?
We'll have to be. It's nice to see #Seattle construction back on track.
Open today from 2pm-8pm! PAM is a great place to study (and checking out free movies isn't too bad either!)
#TerrificThursday have a great day boys!
cool sounds like fun
hahaha yes exactly!
Playing in Lincoln, NE tonight with #JNGtour. Come out to the Zoo Bar if you wanna see some hip-pop-jazz!
“People with no morals often considered themselves more free, but mostly they lacked the ability to feel or love.” - Bukowski
NMX's regular monthly board meeting has been moved from tonight to NEXT TUESDAY, May 3 at 6 pm at Warehouse 508, 508 First St. NW.
i'm such a jealous girl,
even me? :O
"It's like, sad and stuff you're not a millionaire's son? Or whatever? But I'm gonna like, rock out? Y'know?"
Gary vitti looks like Bruce Willis
the lake show right now >
Flames still shooting out of third floor windows at Capitol Hill Apts. fire started @ 5am
I didn't get it
stupid fab man, I had cuse then changed it up cuz of him but for real I hate mizzou right now
haha I would.record that everytime it was on(: and I would watch it when I got bored which was all the time(:
Vegan Goods at HEB « veggie angie
Love, I thought you had my back!
Jay Beagle broke his foot in Game 5, according to GMGM.
Ah yes..of course. Thanks.
#Celtics fans know their shit, know the GAME. Miami fans know free tee shirts and not much else except trendiness.
#SignsYouLostAFight even one of YOUR friends screams out "YOU JUST GOT KNOCKED THE FUQQ OUT!"
Thank you all for the support last night as Dwayne!!! group beat 17-week champs in Thunderdome! We'll keep it movin'.
Is everybody standing and clapping for the proposal of a Veterans Job Corps?
hello! We are a big Fan of Bill Bradley's as he helped create the concept of !
Justice for Justice: Reward swells in Texas animal cruelty case
My week is slowly coming to that calm and peaceful end I need.
I wish I had wings on my back!
Stoked for the show tonight were going to kill columbus!!!
Congrats to Dennis B. from Texas for being the 1st winner in the NHL Facebook Fan Challenge! Trip to 2011 NHL All-Star!
gods good!!!
Why did my twitter go all fucked up-ish. !? D:<
Looked like Anus steak at first glance. Thought DD went AA style! HA
Having a Posh dinner at Hapa Sushi in Cherry Creek North!
I'm not gonna lie, these Yo Gabba Gabba songs be on point!
I see and i are thinking alike
Putting in a new order for shirts day!
Raleigh today through Wednesday
They did *last* year... ? You're asking for logic here, and that's not in play, I think.
ok accept my married request on bookface so wen can i ask u out
Fantasy Baseball Rankings 2012: 5 Early Pickups to Save Your Failing Season
How do U not get a headache from trying to remember all your policy position flip-flops?
might just be OVERKILL!
Chip Kelly leaving the #OregonDucks for the #NFL? Will the read-option play in the pros?
"Can you feel the Lau tonight"
everybody hates me and nobody misses me, GUESS I'LL GO EAT WORMS
Debbie Wasserman Schultz may have gotten rid of her curls, but she's still got the same old spin.
have fun!! Love Captiva!!
oink-oink!
"Where words fail, music speaks." – Hans Christian Andersen
I'm glad someone has their priorities straight.
you bet! You? How are ya?
loving all your baseball tweets cuz. I might just let you on this bandwagon after all.
Amazing show last night! Great crowd full of friends, strangers, family, and more so thank you for a great night! Off to the Nyack Theater!
Twitter 14-day Fast time, here I go! =] ERJ was powerful & 4 more days til im off to UCF for Winter Jam 2012! =) #Excited&Blessed
my Japanese boss offered me a position to run his new manga/anime gallery when it opens in Spring ;) I've been working on more art
Never pass up an opportunity to give a compliment.
And now to watch something else. Anything else. A DVD of Partridge Family episodes seems like a good idea at this point.
Omw to my Friend's Mom's funeral in which one of her final requests was for me to sing. I'm so honored but really sad. Hope I get through.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY love you so much and hope you have an awesome day!!! :)
I really need to stop wandering the house naked. e__e
oh I have millions!!!
J to the Star to the R
Love benchmarking news in other markets. Proud to see that ABC7 CLEARLY demonstrates excellence in market 1, NYC.
And in other news... have you looked at #art beyond the glossy pages today?
Lol RT“: DONE!!!At least Dick Clark wasn't afraid of the dentist!!!”
"I pitched like shit." Josh Beckett
Be a whistleblower for peace
so we bought some bread from the farmer's market and the no. 1 ingredient is #carrot. Can you help explain this?
“: OMG, Rihanna on SNL...sadness!” why sad? She sucked?
Full set of eyelash extensions AND FREE fill only $185 Seattle/Bellevue (425) 643-5772 www.AdvancedSkinanddBodySolutions.com
Feel free to join my world in Minecraft. XBL: PikminGuts92
MO' MONEY MO' BOTTOMS
Nice thing about runway pract at home is you can rock sweets/crop tops with your heels fierce and comfy! Pract for nasvhille tommorrow!
I want to save you girl, come be in Shady's world.
This taco is cold in the middle. :(
I checked it out He's pretty good ! make sure yall check me out in returnn .
"The next is preventing sequel-itis" –K.Feige, President of Marvel Studios. The next is Iron Man 3, Thor 2 and Captain America 2. Good luck.
You watching Transformers?
I just sent you a FB message.
Thinking of my #Givebig this morning!
lol. She probably IS actually my intern, not just CLAIMING ;) what were you over there for?!?
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us – Ralph Waldo Emerson
Madison has a huge block party where 20k drunk UW kids show up today. It's also Cinco de Mayo. Staying clear of downtown today lol
Pissed off. It is obviously gonna hurt if you smack someone with a shank bone. Bitch.
If you talk shit about them to me, I wonder what you say about me to them.
Game day ... Go #Blazers!
tea!? are you from the uk? :x
Epicor announces Cloud Computing solution for distributors
can't see his pic
The NFL makes every event a big deal! Marketing department is legit!
Heading to Greater Seattle Chamber, Restaurant After Hours tonight at the aquarium. Many restaurants+great food+one venue=happy Luke
Starting the "how would it look in court" session with #shrmatl12 Answer: how good is your lawyer... I strenuously object!!!
C'mon Jr pitch the ball !
It wouldn't have gotten done today otherwise. Yay rage!
I wish i had a crew to audition with. But i cant wait to see who makes it
RT : In your community, do u see issue w/ educating boys? We're exploring question w Daniel Brenner at iChallenge
America should take over Mexico & make it 51 coz they can't control their people and make a Free land for them to live & work
Honor Society Trip was sosososo fun w. , Marc, Nick, Olivia, Aneesah, & others ;*
y'alls voices give me chills. <3
Ben Thompson is a sex machine.
and we're back!
In Nevada City for 2 days, 80 degrees out, I packed no t-shirts.
that is definetly going to happen. very soon!
“: No regrets, just lessons learned.” favorite quote thanks nick peel
Who gon stop me
I fail to see how that's a bad thing.
Confused ;) ": HR doesn't trust IT to run IT for HR? Well IT should't trust HR to run HR for IT..."
The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated. ~William James
Often, a school is your best bet-perhaps not for education but ceainly for protection from an undead attack. - Max Brooks
Omg I was legit fangirling like im shaking lol
thanks! i will try it
It's true. tho we don't have a "line" that all members must follow. we do, certainly, have an interpretive framework
I love #GuyCode so much.
Agree! Daughter came home today, kids teased her on bus, asked what happened why? Response: because I'm Michelle but Im normal! :-)
Ugh, I'm missing the #KCAs -.-
Then, in that larger liberal Dem majority, the Progressive Dems usually vote against those bills that are not perfect. But, if all..
thx Eric, glad to connect. I work with Jodee. Drop me note , 415-726-3036
Grog: A rum-based bvrg mixed w/ water, juice & sugar. At military functions, grog is traditionally served in a toilet bowl
Mackay "Scaled's philosophy is that simplicity equates to safety"
So thankful for everyone who bought tickets to this year's , thus allowing us to make a donation to Thank you!!!
Happy Mothers Day to all you Mama's! Especially ! Such a relaxing Sunday!
Thanks! We're off to London for Future of Web Design next week, but stay tuned for all that and more.
An awesome 12-week semi-personal fitness training program ! RT : What's a 'Lean Jeans' training session?
Stayed at 44, but I read the higher number you are the harder it is to move up
I dont get FSN here in rehab for a paralyzed leg. Was this for his MVP? I have 8 more days til I can see a game & catch up!
Heyy follow my account and I'll follow u back!! ~H
bullets to your heart
You know it! New episodes of and Supah Ninjas tonight on PM EST!
The deadline for this mentoring program is March 15th!
L.A. Kings won!
I graciously accept that invitation and now, expectedly, will go listen to my favorite YouTube video of all time. Guess what it is.
Merry Christmas everyone! I like pancakes.
While I'm thrilled the #giants won, I'm bummed that my #packers have to face them next week. Will be a great game though!
The internet is a great place for civil discourse & resolution. (wink emoticon denoting sarcasm)
the lower the shirt, the better the view! Kidding girl no offense but ure hot
You always have that one holier than thou mf on your tl..
You have to take the Lock off of it. They used to let you do it anyway, changed it though. :-(
Tryin to find some DAMN charts online!!! Uuufff!!
Yes,hopefully we will <3
you didn't make the cup race maybe you and your team should go back to nationwide because you run good and finish in top 15
are you here yet?
Keep the dream alive!
Some people lose a hand like that and don't have the sack to ante up again...#goingallin ,and really
i got a bruise! U got me good morning!
oh really, when can i find out for myself, from you??
Sounds like you need a drink.
I like what Ford brings to the team from the slot. DHB has been getting better, but still not No. 7 pick worthy
#S/O #Salute to #ALL my
At the airport w/ no sleep
#februarywish please find me an artist that has a "take over the world" attitude
congrats, Evan, making finalists for an IACP award!
i luv u on step up! Can't wait till vow gonna c it w/ BF!! Ah
me either!
happy birthday, even though you're not in EST!
D-Will taking this on his shoulders. K-Humph surprisingly well-rounded game, so far. As known, intro music was thoroughly rugged.
I love you. Don Draper, you're everything I'd hope you'd be..
Traditional CRM is sales driven, social CRM is conversation and sales are a by-product
RT RT I have a friend who only has One Toe and One Knee ....we call him Tony
VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!!!!
Google+ experience with #gsocial has been so informational thanks guys
: Truth! Both!
what are you laughing for?
Hippies, communists and lesbians at 2pm. Twins, amputees and zebras at 3pm. Make it a double feature.
Vegetarian and proud
good vibes man
i ty 4 letting m n ur tweet world love u much stay strong we all support you
lol kuz I'm new and they were the only open shifts..I juss watch movies n eat lol
I Think Nas And Nicki Would Be A Cute Couple If They Really Talked. . .
"Hey bro! You wanna go church-hopping?! They're handing out baby shots!!" - my friend who doesn't understand communion.
I was afraid it was something like that. Thanks for posting it though!
You the type you aint hard I send a nigga on a mission to god that's the truth
hilarious Pumpkin Booty Man
Thanks so much! Have a fab weekend!
Damn.... my first burger in a week and a half. Now I'm sleepy!
Great social media lesson by She had a PowerPoint and everything. And, like a good teacher, she quit before my brain exploded.
#SouthernMiss claims the C-USA title, defeating Houston 49-28. Congrats to both teams on great seasons!!
Pray for the Hubbard's, no one deserves to go through that.. </3
Whew. Gotta work on my tolerance for mau-mauing.
I think you mean "fuck yeah!"
Ladies follow these fools. Your personal stool
You like what you're hearing?
The effectiveness of online college education cannot be unclear. The statistics divulge that these students perform way better in life
Looking for a job in Cinci? Contact me for details about a PR Associate position with a global company based in Mason!
#INK MASTER OR #BEST INK ????? #TEAMTATTOOS ALL DAY EVERYDAY THERE IS NO MORE TO SAY... ;-0
it was a pleasure working with you! See you next time you're in Chicago! Soon!!!!! <3
Love you too !!!
Confederacy of Dunces - great book! Lucky Dogs, I believe are the meats Ingnatious Reilly is selling - er, eating.
you are the cheese to my macaroni <U+2665> Happy Valentine's Day!
Jazz the cause of all these arguments !!
grant park at the fountain
Season 1 is on netflix! It's so good...
I can't see Nash going to New York. The Knicks are not contenders they only won 3 more games than the Suns...
Sorry to hear that.....will DM what the basics of the problem were......
"Strength is a matter of a made up mind"... Decide and conquer :)
your arms look fat in your picture.
Snell...long, athletic swingman who locks up, stretches the floor, and is unselfish. Gordon...true alpha dog big. Tough tough tandem.
awesome! How's the music section coming along?
www.myspace.com/bentutensil acoustic covers of A Perfect Circle songs. revised, revisited and recycled with love. come say hey.
Can I ball cus I belong n a gym
Really? What are they doing?
Do the #Kings have like 9 men on the ice? #Wherearetheredsweaters?
I love seeing that a gained a follower
Hi Emma - Good luck with your tour.
Wants a shoutout? Mention me (; And please help me get more followers(;
Oikos is the BEST Greek yogurt! Currently enjoying a Strawberry one
It was available on live feed though online
was it a bad rendition of amazing grace? If so, that's my specialty. Ha!
Its time to pull the plug.
So, not only is my birthday on a MONDAY, but a lot of my kids are going to Six Flags on a field trip that day!
Those who jump off a Paris bridge are in Seine.
The right way to do baskin Robbins. Rainbow sherbet + rainbow sprinkles = perfection
Congrats to Brandon Duff (Chicago office) who closed a $2M Burger King in Florida this week!
And I couldn't figure out how to open my freakin locker. But other then that, it was great!
She's like "f it". Ive done all I can do. All that's left is to cover this shit show with a blanket
Just signed my first reappointment paperwork! I'll be at IPFW for at least the next 18 months; couldn't be happier.
there can definitely be something both queer and anarchistic about navigating this city as a pedestrian.
we will try and give you some love, hows the radio treating you these days?
Agreed! - RT : Friends don't let friends use Comic Sans.
It's Wednesday, time for a change up right? What is your least favorite muscle to work, but you do it anyway?
I got hit on once at the free clinic. That was wrong and creepy on every level.
only charity I ever give money to is the one that's trying to figure out how to make dimes march....0_^
S/O to the summer is ours...
thanks! Just gotta keep pushing
I will play with you for 24 hours.
I have a feeling your sis could help you out. (but I recommend the opposite of her opinion) :)
#everygirl should get head at least once in their life... If they do nothing else
ugh its Wednesday not looking forwards to the crowded Metro with all the Laker fans that called in sick so they could party in the streets
UGH,really need more followers on tumblr . any tumblrs i should follow that follow back ??
"Ain't no rest when you're partying...." Dumb Sh*t I've said
Church is always dope especially when its something you need to hear
good start to the meet this morning!
Come get one of our exotic burgers, the Japanese Style Fish Cake today before I eat them all for myself!
we're going to be in NV so very soon! :) Can't wait to see ya!
Yep, living our lives in public. Embrace it, but mind the store& keep track of your privacy settings
Joggers live longer; drug shortages ease; skinny models out - USA TODAY
Great BBQ dinner w/ a diverse group of friends. Thanks & for hosting us!
In the last five years, we've read thousands of kids' books, include many award-winners. Few are a delight to read aloud.
when do gesture drawings gesture towards a changed life?
I think my cabbie is mad I'm making him go to Astoria - he spoke to another cabbie said something about Astoria and pointed at me
I need a job
Should I text #oomf? Hm lol
Blackberry Mimosa and NW Eggs Benedict.... Happy Sunday to me!!
I wish you cared as much as i did!
thanks you got some killer designs!
#class by bolton
Watching Celebrity Apprentice . is a class act.
im so glad 2 b back on twitter!:)
The charge call: making subpar defenders relevant
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
Referring to my last tweet, if I get this job, maybe it won't happen anymore.
yay! When are you guys thinking of driving up?
New Wisconsin uniforms=epic failure. Really, is that the best they could do? Bielema says they're "subtle." I'd say so Brett.
Oh my god, Utah is up by 30. LMAO. Our Wildcat is serious.
Hey, you know fashion, so I'll do it. Call me Neckbeard the Urban Outfitters Pirate
makin music witih
Lil Trayvon ima see you in the clouds,until my time comes you and God hold it down
Touchdown Pittsburgh.
Many thanks Josh and BITW for your acknowledgement and support of my new CD!
I am so jealous!
Yes, busy, but fun! What's ur plan for today?
Cut your hair Tom Brady... You look like a female and whine like one too
Mellow and cool as morning sunshine
woah the guitarist from a band I follow just had the exact same tweet word for word one minute after you did
when I went to ceasars palace last week I went up to the front desk & asked if ceasar lived there all because of that line<3
SAT word of the day: burnish (v.) to polish, shine
Ha! Great advice.
thanks for the mention on the latest episode!
I haven't seen in like two days. :'(
Word up !hay!
Imyt! Hope all is well :)
As I wake this morn. My beloved #Orioles have the best record in Baseball.
How do you truly repay for damage from the Gulf Spill? Among numerous problems, as a brand, BP is in very deep trouble.
You bet
RT : Is 2:30's "Literary ARG" covered by Games & Lit session? Who wants to attend vs. play a game in 1100? #THATCamp Games
happy St. Patricks Day!
friendship dont run on gas money !
Anytime! Thanks for the interview! We had fun :)
RT 3 Ways In Which You Can Optimize The Use Of Bodyweight Exercise RATE_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
Well, I love rusty spoons. :)
free yoga for veterans tonight at charm city yoga in towson via Semper Fidelis Health and Wellness
Hope your week rocks thanks all:)
Queen of Queens :)
I LOVE America!!
EX means:- thanks for the EXperience….our time has EXpired…..now EXit my life.
what did you do and you have a cute dog.
Hope God intervenes in Greece crisis.
Can't wait to share my interview with with #Rizzles! Sasha's always so sweet, we got some amazing #RizzoliandIsles scoop!
Someone should tweet me!!!
#WinCityWalk ah I really want to win!!!!!!!! I hope I do. Omg.
Back to back!
I use Dropbox and Box a lot so I don't notice it too much.
: says housing doesn't matter if people don't have jobs. Stresses controlling SD cost of living. I have to agree.
Don't matter how hard I try.. I get the bottom barrel. Its a wrap.
Always good to know people.
Putting the team on his back
I've got a green blazer. We will find each other.
amber! Did you get the iphone?!?
Friday night we're playing the Next Cool Event in Atlanta with the full band - 11:00 p.m.
Had an amazing time tonight with !! Thank you boys :)
I hate having braces
can you help out the USO of Wisconsin with an autographed item for a charity event coming up in the next few months.
Wow. Crayons or paint? :) RT : Colourful brainstorming/creation of my ideal career.
Watched last weeks #Parenthood. The boyfriend getting arrested for punching some dude at a high school house party is a bs situation.
Nice views of Jupiter near the moon and Uranus to the west this evening. Amazing, king Jupiter looks small by comparison due to distance.
thx Jeff, for the shout out.
Not sorry!! Wish I liked tea actually.
oh! that'll be awesome! can't wait to see it ;) what are your dates? would love to grab a drink!
Got my 4 entries for comp bottled up tonight and ready to go.
Agreed. I believe there's been a long range plan for GLBT equality all along. This wasn't a completely unplanned "slip"
Peace is not possible until we clear ourselves of our own agitations and wars inside the self. For this we have meditation.
Is funding for your staffing company becoming harder to secure? Our listed vendors can help. W.staffingmarketplace.com then Click vendors
umm you work with me so its only when Im off
So excited that I will be meeting , from Shark Tank, when I cruise on the new Disney Fantasy cruise ship in just a month!!
its finally spring break!
Yup fighting words...
hahahahaha Yes you did
Most sociopaths are charismatic, but Mitt might be the exception to the rule.
Gonna hop in the shower brb :))
Thank you Alan for clicking on MaryAnnetWint.
Everyone please follow , an amazing app that will help prevent car accidents related to distracted driving!!!
We have the fashion panel, all dressed in black...really!!!
Christina's breasts can not be as big or obnoxious as you make them out to be. Now I have to watch this show just to see for myself
Its too nice outside black ppl bout to act a fool lol
So today I miss my Grandma so much ,
Lights with guide you home, and ignite your bones, and I will try to fix you.
#showcalves in barn, livestock fed, dogs napping, headed to last Christmas celebration.
I would try, but Will's beard is so persistent.
LMAO why would he tweet some shit like that smh
<U+266A> Constantly looping in my head now thanks to my iPhone <U+266A> Smooth Criminal by Alien Ant Farm
My #engineer husband is happy about all the #construction stuff being said.
Appreciate it bro!
Yes sir, I must say I am enjoying the Pacific eateries.
Sad to learn about the passing of Gary Speed - so senseless.
How about ability to get real-time arrival times on your mobile web site? Text messages are too expensive these days.
RT : Great news for soccer fans in Baltimore. #EPL giants Tottenham & Liverpool will play at M&T Bank Stadium on July 28 at 1 pm.
haha I thought my mom and I were they only ones!
#HappyHour get on my level hoe
I wonder, in the 20's, what would've been equivalent to getting arrested shirtless, in ill-fitting shorts?
People tend to disappear.
opening at 10 today but closing at 5. Hurry! Your babies need their Thanksgiving treats too! Happy Gobble Day!
Cry as much as you want to, but just make sure when your finished, you never cry for the same reason.
RT : "A champion needs in his attitude a motivation above and beyond winning." ~ Pat Riley
#BestLeapEver is trending worldwide lol. Way to go
omfg kill me
Crib Finder: NYC Rental Guide Magazine will be inserted in the New York Post on Thursday 4/19 and the Wall Street Journal Friday 4/20.
It will be funny if I give up like in a week LOL
Headed 2 the gym...its my 1st day back N uh while, this is gonna hurt
Someday I am going to walk into a Carrabba's Italian Grill, flash my ID & say, "my family owns the place." Chianti for everyone!
Great presentation from at the event today. Makes me really want to attend Content Marketing World.
"I'm shot, motherfucking oven mitts."
Put the tall dudes in aka
tomorrows my birthday and it would be awesome if u followed me? #Believe <333
We'd love to have you bring some Maine/cove-inspired Cleanweb enthusiasm & project ideas to May 4-6!
Nice! Thirst quencher RT :
I got bored and I made a second twitter account. Lol :)
I'm starting to wonder if Ian's didn't colossally fuck up by letting this happen. Zero brand protection.
Great question. Depends on the company defines "CM." Is it support/issue resolution or community growth strategy?
Hi Seth - were you able to check out the hobby hoarder site ?
if you email me your queries, I can look into it. emile(at)simplegeo(dot)com
How much are you spending on Kenny?
thank you for following me. U r now a TRUE "PAKALITE!!!"
multi colored diamonds got your girlfriend kinda curious
I was advised by a professor not to do that because Id never get hired as a professor. Why u ask? My study would show left wing biased media
Not bad at all.
Pretend it does not hurt, it hurts twice as much...
"#LOVE is all we need."
I abandoned Facebook. My Klout score is at its lowest, but my productivity is up and SERP positions are climbing. Twitter -- you're ne-X-t!
Dreadheads that play basketball or football >>>>
There is just something about a man working on a car. All greasy.... Heehee
This Friday I will be at Governors Comedy Club at 10!!!
Classy Manhattan stripper lap dancer kickin it tonight! A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you.
Just got a banging new phone. Samsung Epic 4g Touch.
I don't think this team cares about winning. It's amazing how many games they just seem to fall flat on. Ugh.
Awesome on The Voice.
I have never been asked to intervene on someone who only does marijuana.
Why do we hurt each other, why do we push love away?
Yes, always many raging activities at
Ok! Time to pick my bracket #Syracuse... lol big $$ riding on this, it's a $7.00 buy-in ;).
reading the comments is just so much fun.
excuse you I've played soccer for 7 years are you calling me a fairy! And what do you know you play on grass too lmao
neatly bizarre. naw, it's cool, for real.
My dad is making me watch this channel that talks about the history of cinco de mayo -_-
RT : So did Nick Cage take a look at Charlie Sheen and say to himself "Hey, I wanna be #winning too?". // Good one!
join the club.
He knows nothing; and he thinks he knows everything. That points clearly to a political career.
Just about every MC fonny!!! These nuccas rap about totten when they really not Smh
"SHA" RT : Question? Are we going #SHABANG or #SHEBANG? What do you guys prefer. I'm leaning towards
Watching Ryan Reynolds and Melissa McCarthy in "The Nines."
Glad you enjoyed! RT : Weekend recap: last night, crazy. Today, stomach ache. But dinner at was fabbo as usual.
haha totally understandable!
What a day! If u weren't here you wasted ur Saturday!!! We ate still packed, bout to shut down at 7pm.
You're so damn annoying.
#training2012 #t12lori when we invest in developing employees we outperform others
NOTE: HU Web Design students. Tonight's Web Development Class has been CANCELLED!!! Check your email for further instructions.
Digital signage gear all packed up and ready to go to BarCamp in the morning.
- I smell an Ether coming from the Korean Hammer!!
yeah I plan on seeing maxwell to
Too fucking hot outside
Departing UK for US. Next Austin TX. Gathering more suggestions what to see re library and learning/public space in TX.
Sh*t! Something wrong with the electrical system on my car. Both the windshield wipers and defroster won't turn off. Makes for dead battery.
Two thirds of us are at Sundys Pub right now.
RT #SkySAN claims to be the shortest SAN in the world. > it's true! SkySAN measures in at 17.8" in depth
Although research regarding the sensitivity of Millennials may be statistically significant, there are always anomalies.
#ReplaceABieberSongWithSex One sex , One less lonly sex , sex world .
The dialogue at tonight's forum is top notch. Raise the bar
just saw you on this KFC commercial joe
What's it about?(:
is so the Prince of Pop :)
someone who connects people with the information they need.
Met w overdrive bigwig at #PLA12 who is def of "boyish good looks" Said he didn't "do" twitter, so this comment is safe, rite? :-)
Hey, you! Are you looking for contract #ia and #ux work? Send info at viminteractive dot com a message and let's talk.
FREE Delivery Miami Beach & N. Miami Purchase of 12 or more Gourmet cupcakes )over 50 flavors) www.mmmmcupcakes.webs.com 305-890-9869
RT : You know what, fuck everyone who acts superior because they're into house now but turned their noses up at it 5 years ago.
I hate being tired! And in tired basically all the time
If David Beckham told me to wear a bluetooth, I WOULD. #callmedavid cc
Some things you just don't want to miss...St. Patty's Day at OTC! Pipes & Drums, Irish Dancers, GREAT FOOD & DRINK SPECIALS!
Just watched a screener for the new Bad Girls Club #LasVegas on Oxygen, and I think my brain melted a little bit.
RG3 - strike 1, Peyton Manning -strike 2. Seems writing is on the wall and Manning-to-Miami not likely. Is it Matt Flynn or bust?
ahahah nice! what kind?
Next time go digital on those flashcards, Michael and leave yourself with 3+ hours to study. Good luck!
Moving on to my next project is hard, I cant stop thinking about my novel. It's amazing how much you can miss fictional characters.
#Iwant more followers;)
Your welcome Ash, thanks for being so great! <3
No! But im freaking out bro! He needs to come on. I will have the lyrics to his new single memorized by tonight..(;
Congrats man! :)
#Grammys Taylor Swift introducing Glenn Campbell. why not bring in Jimmy Webb??
yes so true
woke up and been listening to boosie all day
": I just wanna scream "FUCK!" and walk up out this bitch. <U+270C>"// it aint like u gnna suffer...do it lol
Aw sad. I won't get to see them because I will be working.
Our newest exhibit "Luxembourg by Hot Air Balloon" opens this Sunday! Amazing aerials and spectacular views!
Always forgive but never forget, learn from mistakes but never regret
thanks, I'm not as trainwreck today lol :) we need to hang soon
my manager loves me & I'm sure she'll love you!
#first40songsonshuffle. Miley Cyrus-I hope you find it
We needed that win #Raiders see what crept on u?!!! Go
yup. That's why they boycotted it
Why do you think #CommunityAction is important? RT and add your reason.
Thanks for the follow! Back at ya!
I have not!
Guitar just fell #thanksfornothing faulty guitar strap !
now give me a good answer please :)
"in Houston Fri at Dan Electro's Guitar Bar" /// wish I could be there..sounds like a fun show! Pls tell KA I said hello!
hm...what to have for dinner tonight..???
you right lol. But I don't have a man !
Thanks for following, Neomi!
Not a good day today.
That's all i really wanna do just live drug free my entire life
1100 more words to write on my last research paper for my master's and then I can have my social life back
There have around 6 or 7 plays that Jim Nantz has announced with more excitement than the Polamalu INT in the 08 AFC tile game.
I'll be there! RT The flock is gathering TODAY at at 1p! goo.gl/CvML1
Have a great weekend!
“: Painting some patio furniture. Red spraypaint covering my hands. I feel like Banksy and/or Dexter.” setting up the ritual room?
#ACM - Miranda, Yay - Album of the Year - She is so sweet and looks very sophisticated tonight
he's really something. Just read the first 50 of Never Mind (thank you, ) and I'm all in....
After this week's line-up I can officially conclude that Halloween is my favorite holiday of the year!
Everytime I text a girl there always doing "Nothing Much". They could be building a bomb but would still say "nothing much"
but today was C r a z y !
i ate too much cookie dough!
This #GMA interview w the cast of The Avengers is painful. Lol. Hate satellite delays.
Who wants to help me with Tennessee Mortgage Law Reform??
We appreciate your understanding as we get through this. Thanks again!
theres an incredible amount of butts on my dash....im not even mad.
Good effort #OU - way to represent!
Bec from Stars In Stereo (one of the openers) is a Portland girl :) I think you'll like her.
He sounds crazy to me.
lol And their are only 3 people in the 3:30 lesson
you in MKE?
Wonderful! Many thanks... we love getting new resources!
it's also important to care about your friends and family too.. Brat
Thank goodness it's Friday!
Hope you're typing quietly in there. Glad to have my pen and paper handy after Judge Alsup called out the loud-typer.
fitting underway...lots of looks to go through and narrow down!
But If I fell would you catch me before the ground does?
Try the code "VINO." Thanks.
RUN BILLY RUN
Soo proud of you love :)
Congratulations on winning the Main Event. You played amazing. That chant will be stuck in my head forever lol.
Hi! Thanks for following. :)
Looking forward to June 1!
you know that story you're reading, could you tell whose account its Haha I wanna read it :3
Cross Fertilization: #devmke – full time Senior Developer position for a growing Milwaukee company (ASP.NET MVC) – for details
running out of words... i guess i'll never be a blogger
"The moment I deliberately do something definite either for God or others that costs me something, I am expressing #love."
Victory belongs to the most persevering. - Napoleon Bonaparte
can I be a grouppie??(:
take the High Road as in go straight and make a diagnol left at the A10 of High Road that's all it showed me and hope ur ok
I just followed you . . . Im one of the people in the iphone 4s giveaway youtube name: michalelanasia
My daughter on the way to school this morning- "That's the second time I've seen birds fighting this week." ;)
Johnson yahh its my word u dont kbow me or what it means so stfu and quit judging
hey, everyone wish my bestie a happy birthday! ------------>
your name came up in conversation at client site
My co-worker was biking by and said the place was "slammed." NICE!
Thank you for being a TM! The 1st year as a is the hardest, but with great rewards.Then it gets even better! cc:
RT: : This has got to be the most awkwardest moment in class.
hahaha, I do the same and only realized now that u brought it up!
4/20: CEU wkshp - Bedroom Gambling: HIV in Couples - sign up via
Took the G out your waffle, All you got left is your ego
FOLLOW ME:)
Hey there, material girl...
Never in my life did I think I'd be so relieved after buying a vacuum cleaner.
This offer is for 6/21 and 6/22 to celebrate our brand launch. We want to give u an incentive to give, to join, to come with us.
I get annoyed when I see pictures of weed on someones page; Its not like you even took the picture! and no one gives a fuck if you smoke (y)
How did some of your kids, husbands, friends and family spoil you on this mother's day? Or what did you do for YOUR mamma?
These niggas is secondary like pippin around mike!
many tech news sources say there's going to be one. But they've been proven to be inaccurate when it comes to Apple, so
Thanks David! Are you coming to the Actor's Embassy party on Monday?
Starting to really like this #interntakeover thing. Got a Red Velvet cupcake & a serenade for my birthday.
haha thanks and yea you're awesome too :)
OMG New Yorker tablet edition.
I just wanna be apart of something I just wanna be like you
It was a rumble and a ride, but no one hurt and no damage reported here at the capitol
RT : RT : We are so happy to have the amazing on our team! EMBRACE THE CLARITY!...
Kamusta? How are you?
I still don't have a glass of wine in my hand...
In order to live for Christ, you must die to self. Think of it as suicide of the flesh.
only if you tell me what the special of the day is
Jade always trying to talk me out of something like shut up lol
Another great pass from Iggy
how do you think you did
haven't been on twitter all dayy. I'm going to sleep noww(:
Run run!
nope, i didnt get it.
Today's Meteor blog will be live from #blogwell. Meteor's and will be there! .
Thx for following! I went to ASU too and used to work for the D-backs :) Now I work for Graystone, which my dad actually owns.
The big punch up at 16.5 seconds from end! Stopped the game!
Today feels like a #DeafHavana kind of day.
Tubby's teams play ugly- gonna give us fits for a while at least, play disciplined. kind of expect us to lose.
Dipping in the breezeway for the last time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> with
I need a real vacation n a new job something I enjoy
ok pirates, i see you..
Damn the man!
Love when the emergency 9 turns into 18.
Your welcome. Yeah, that's the truth.
fuck no. Just got some
Hearing lots of that. Thanks! RT : Off to Carmel Farmers Market - love the quaintness of event!
I would do txt me doe @ 12038503876:-)
your pic is hot!!!
Most of my Facebook friends don't follow me on Twitter so I bitch about them here.
"The time-traveling is just too dangerous. Better that I devote myself to study the other great mystery of the universe... women!"
That's a lot of meals. Good meals.
school time D:
Oh you're welcome... Glad to see you again. We really appreciate it!
Hearing so many great talks at #PopCon has made me think of all sorts of ideas for papers I could have submitted. Ah well, next year!
A reminder, it was over at Reds Army who made the rondo tip off compilation. ()
So much that could come out of this smart mouth of mine right now......
"you brighten up the moon and stars at night. You keep me seeing rainbows in the sky..." one of your biggest fans!
"And yet to every bad, there is a worse" -Thomas Hardy
I may suck at two ball but you cheat so at least I have a clear conscious
i would say the same of the Celtics
Kill and bury what's left of um....
- Heading there Wednesday. Whoop!
Wednesday and the work week is halfway finished! Today is home to our CHICKEN PAPRIKASH 5.99 SPECIAL!
Perfect! Thank you so much for the rec! :)
Coffee... Yes yes, that good kick in tha a$$ in tha morning!
Okay! Right after this Stacey Q :D
If I was fighting Floyd my son couldn't come to the fight
Well hello there insomnia...it is not nice to see you.
I can't believe we are waiting on Waukesha county again...
shoot I'd rather have the intersect in my head like on the tv series Chuck lol
Cool Urban Outfitters gives the option of email receipt. Right on.... I hope this idea takes off everywhere!!!!
just started using SkyDrive, have to admit I like it-the formatting is just so much better- only drawback is can't edit on iPad?
K-Mart Skyhook! What a sight.
I feel like this pregnancy is going by soo fast
the NSA and CIA are watching you
or making fun of pale kid's white legs
Would I bang her??I would bang her on top of you!!
i hope that some day gets on twitter to read my mentions. here's to hoping.
took you long enough.
@ the Rendezvous about to play. What a great venue. And the stage manager is th nicest guy. Dry River Yacht Club (AZ) goes on next.
why don't you ever respond to my tweets or my Facebook comments? You mean jerk
Hey beautiful friends and non-beautiful friends, our love for you is unconditional. So in return we ask if you like to be in our next music
lol what about it
Ready to be back in Philly , shit aint right
just say "scoreboard" and walk out.
idk but you can see may weather getting upset and cotto getting confident
Voting for tonight on #TheVoice . Love his story, style, and voice!!!
are you going to landmark so you can use your fancy punch card!?
Case 39. Such a good film.
haha ayy girl don't be scared! God forgives us! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C> & m yummy!! Lol
As a small business owner in Madison WI, I oppose SOPA and PIPA. They are nuclear threat to Small Businesses.
The definition of a life well lived: #TimHetherington war photojournalist and recorder of the everyday
#BeautifulBaby, you know it!
I've always had that. It's the occasional public ranting and fist-pounding (metaphorically) that I need to do more often.
ha deal. Come next thurs
just filled me with warm fuzzies.... not to be taken out of context
yes we will!
If I had a dollar for each time someone said I'm good instead of I'm well, I'd be rich!:)
What's up thanks for the follow!
RT : Make at least one big mistake a week. If you’re not making mistakes, then you’re not trying anything new.
Hello Twitterverse! We're getting closer to follower #1000. Looking forward to seeing who will win the autographed CD!!
well I'm probAbly
ahh, missed that. must have just happened, as I spent a long time cutting Weather Genie down from 32mb to 18mb a few weeks ago
I say gay cap and trade: every straight divorce means a coupon for one gay marriage.
have had the same thought!
Right now we're in a position where we're not high enough to get who we really want, but too high to pay to get the next best options.
Didn't even think of that. #Pollyanna MT BTW I am afraid of what I will find if I click on your hashtag
Lmaooooo :) but, how are you doing this finnnnee morning ?
Just tuned in. I see it's the Blazers scrubs vs. the Golden State scrubs. Wait wait... those are their rotation guys. My bad.
Have a party or need a table reservation this weekend? RT/DM with your inquiry and we will respond right away! Thank you #Chicago!
finally the #Pens are getting their heads in the game!!! LETS GO PENS!!!
I don't agree with you, but respect that you have the right to your own opinion! just showing you some love!
Lana needs a new mat for bikram, any suggestions?
last week of #Serials for a while! It's going to be amazingly different this week! support the Bats and enjoy good theatre
wow when I heard DR wasn't playing I didn't even watch cuz he's there like best player
The adjustment bureau was amazing!!
finally I can make love to my favorite Disney character eeyore
Make 7... Up Yours
:P no! don't be mad at me for no reason!!!
Did you see my FB pic with all the goodies?
“Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see.” - Hebrews 11:1
Home from a few days with :)
Just Got To The Barbershop .
Great - I look forward to seeing you this Friday!
An autographed CD of Weirdo is headed your way!
is wondering how it became acceptable to schedule work meetings at 6:30 am
No job training, immediate local and state government revenue, no Federal tax dollars needed the list goes on. Housing is economy recovery.
no iphone
I'm so hungry. It's not even funny :'(
That's cool I'm so nice to u n u fuckin go around n act like I don't exist fucking cool. ! Not
it's you that's weird, not your body <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Ugh. can't find a usable clip of Al Gore's Mechanical Lift scene from Inconven. Truth to make a point about great presentations. Help!!!!
We aren't in New Orleans for Mardi Gras, but we are in San Antonio setting up for the Concrete Decor Magazine Concrete Decor Show!
Today we honor our men and women who defend our country - Happy Veterans Day!
Unpacking shipment. It's both arduous and kind of fun. Can't wait to get the new stuff out in public. Stay tuned.
shoutout to you by at #activatenyc2012. Can't wait to see you Friday!!
#confession Despite everything, it's still going to be really hard for me to resist the urge to go for a run today.
Yeah. It would be cool to live there. Super expensive though. Hopefully itll be what I expect it to be.
I'm gonna go ask the pigeons outside Madison Square Garden tomorrow. "Hey Pigeons!"
You're the best!
Market doesn't need new technology. Needs innovative, practical, portable, business model.
Land Rover Defender 90 Project Part 1 : Oem Center
uve been following me 4 a while now
Alex and Aj here to say HAPPY TUESDAY!!!!
no just really bad leg cramps. They wake me up and it's more painful than the time I was stabbed
i enjoy reading about cerial killers
My sister just noticed...that I have freckles.......hahaha
": 14369: i love your account! we should tweet more!" Aww thanks and we should<3
Yea sure I will mi will find u a flash light nokia RT : Yeah cause ah mussi you ah buy mi waan next one
Dwell not upon thy weariness, thy strength shall be according to the measure of thy desire. - Proverb
Best news I've heard in a long time...The Stone Roses are doing a reunion tour, please come to the USA!
Happy Birthday DC, 210 years ago today you were incorporated as a city. I look forward to the day we get to celebrate your statehood.
nice I woke up awhile ago
Please be at the Denver show in person....
What's next for the great ?
Happy Purim, one day late (oops!)
Here's the thing. I HATE MATER DEI. Cheering hard for Mike Caffey next week... future Long Beach player over current Monarchs all day.
thank you!
I'm right there with you
but still not in lab on time.
Bring up Bauer! haha
Paid off one of my three private student loans.
Sweet lady would you be my
Now the look like geniuses after decides to punch shit! 100 millon dollar bro & you act that way? lose the rows
Obviously I was gonna be stressed out and upset, and I didn't mean to take it out on you.
We tend to live up to our expectations. -Earl Nightingale
Westbrook kill yourself b
Thanks for the RT.
smalls, if you had to estimate, how much swagg do you think we have, combined?
I smilind & realizin my mom did it all for my bein a single parent is hard for her(:She works 2 shifts just to get stuff that i want & need.
you got it mini me!
in your marcs flyer sent to my house. May 2012 9th through the 15th
@ the world yu a fucked up place
making a survival guide by watching apocalyptic movies since the world is ending tomorrow.
Man... who else is glad we got Sundays loss out of the way?
I find that I'm hesitant to follow followers who have no description in the profile; therefore I do not follow them...
Brewers need you, get back home!!!!
love this!
Lineup announcements start Tuesday when y'all are back from slinging mud in the Gorge.
Is it ok to name a song this... MT "Download the Psychobuildings single 'Baby Cops'"
that is priceless
RT : It's much easier to maintain your integrity without compromise than to rebuild your integrity after you've compromised it.
That's definitely trickier.
No matter what you go & do , I told I was gone stay & be here for you , but the generous side of me last for only a certain time !
unite and help get to 30,000 followers!
I've seen it both ways 'It is easier to imagine' & 'We cannot imagine'. AND SO ON AND SO FORTH.
i call this White Mamba lol
Best thing I've heard today "Slide out the crack." Meaning: Go ahead and leave the building.
Virtually anything can happen next... it's just up to you #notesfromtheuniverse <3
It happens lol and not rude if its ur job to tweet! : Is it rude if I tweet while on a conference call? Whoops, too late.
someone get the song 9 to 5 out of my head...
good morning! Y'all r the band in the world!!! Keep rockin'!
yeah Mann, I can't hang. Too short notice, too much money..... Ah I would of loved 2 though. We goin soon 4 sure...
Yeah I remember you. I'm sure I'll see you
Me Too! She Is Hilarious! :)
thank you for reaching out. Love the service.
best story ever!
I can't remember how to deal with losing a best friend. The last time I had to, I was blackout drunk.
the bring1dtous challenges...
chinese new year parade in chinatown !
A "day off?" What's that?
i'm behind on the tweeting! call for artist is still up on the blog, and all of your information for the upcoming show, too. Nov 7th for art
Chicago this weekend for another Seinfeld Trivia Contest at the Ballgame!
Tell us where you stand? Film/television is a multi-billion dollar industry in this country. Surprise! Surprise! There is a tremendous mark…
lol damn its one of those nights? Lol jk
get a room, you two! ;)
#Green Bay Packers are getting no love from the media. WTF?
Wow , I think the #Steelers find Casey Hampton's replacement . Meet Mr. Alameda Ta'amu big dude
Who can guess our managers favorite hockey team?
Are you in DC again ?? Love and miss the grill!!
lol i'm really not here. I just thought Andrew was Roberts brother -_-
. IndyCar can only hope! Those are the type of big consumer brands series needs to help take it to the masses.
Do you think that Joe Scarborough has a mental disease?
Snowy Portland= bad traffic! Call the hotel and ask for tonights #pdxsnow rate, $79 for tonight you don't deal with traffic tomorrow AM!
I know he's going to miami to see that bitch . We are so over :)
Happy 67th Anniversary Mom and Dad!
thanks so much! :) super glad you are enjoying the music
Mexitinis, my dudes
would you like some icecream yes i would
What's better guys, ex sex or make up sex?
so scared right now
If anyone wants to go with and I to Monicals, you're more than welcome! Just let me know
: thank you & #Westin for interceding on our behalf. You saved our vacation!
Oh! We can't have same-sex marriage but we can marry our cousins?! I remember when God said that, North Carolina.
The next 18 months will be interesting.
He's got the BIG MO now!!!!!
And 160,000,000 boxes of Girl Scout Cookies! I'm so in! RT “: 640 Million? That'll buy a $h!t load of Doritos Locos Tacos.”
Fellows Friday with Lars Jan
It's a lifestyle - train like there's no finish line.
thanks dude see ya soon!
I'm DVRing it. Dont spoil it!!!
There shouldn't be an excuse why u don't talk to me anymore...I thought u loved me? Oh well I was wrong I dnt need to waste my time on u</3
It's not where you are it's where you belong.
“: Is there *anybody* who likes Ubuntu's new "fuck you, you'll have it our way" interface?” From what I can tell, ... No!
Stunned? I will be graduating this time next year though, so I can then officially work as an adult in the biz. :-)
Thanks for the follow Brooke.
When the # 13 team in the nation gets steamrolled at home they're not the # 13 team in the nation.
you definitely got the ball first man second. Not a penalty. We luv you man.
Some would rather have an incredible anointing & a jacked up life, than to have a solid anointing & stable life.
Wonderful shoot yesterday, thanks to everyone who came out! HAPPY HOLIDAYS from Simboya Ent.
How do I always look at the clock at 10:06 my birthday!! Oct. 6th ha, crazy
Hey Buddy :) How's Are Ya?
I don't trust you
finding new restaurants and posting pics to
i guess thats what they think!! bleh....
The nose is a little tight on the Leth, but peach flavors just pop on the palate
Barry Lyndon! (That took me long enough.)
Superhero Movie night!!! #xmen #hulk now #ironman w the family!! Life is good :)
I am a total Bradford Cox fan. New Atlas Sound is excellent.
singapore culture
I guess when it comes to you I'm on some " ill see you when I see you , hi and bye " type shit *shrugs*
Damn. My bed kicked my ass while I slept! Got bruises all over my bod....Not sexy and I know it!
just being real with you if that's rlly what your planing on thats 100% what's link to ur mixtape? And no problem :)
Great interview! Very informative!
Until the paralysis bit, sounds pretty good to me.
so thats why your music has that empty feeling to it.. you're a cat hater
If brevity be the soul of wit, I'd better decimate these #Artwiculate screeds into bytes digested easily.
Mean Girls oh snap!
I hear my dad snoring.
I think the fact that things work out for him is the part that's hard to believe. It's a romantic's fantasy.
that class is retarded.
I laugh too loud, too. (xoxo)
will do. Couldn't do easily earlier. How long r u here? U shld stop by lost ark vid games on sat night! My hub's place.
hip-hop space opera huh? me and can dig that ... we'll see you guys on the 1st
College is so much better than high school! I actually enjoy getting up and going to school :)
Im just fortunate to have ib merch :)
What up doe!!!
That's a win streak right there!!
thank you, thats so sweet lol
Periodically I recall telling , in total sincerity, that I really, really like guys that are shorter than me and I laugh. Hard.
Just checked my system for the Flashback Malware and I'm clean :)
happy cinco de mayo!!!! enjoy the festa and have the best food delivered look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo or call 303-999-0785
ok, text you when I'm done. see you later!
Loved 's speech at convention today.
Getting distracted by fashion...
&#39;Harry Potter&#39; Faces Final Shot At MTV Movie Awards Glory
Photography homogenization at its best!
A pot of Darjeeling with a Eggplant & Pepper Parmesan Sandwich and the Creamy Celery soup (V, GF) would hit the spot today.
Zimmerman never "apologized" to Trayvon Martin's Family! He said "sorry for your loss." WTH does he think they have a loss!!!
cause unless your actually bowling, its boring... Lol
met you at choice lit dinner. As a building principal we will utilize your work to inspire students to be lifelong readers :)
feel better austin(:
he's writing hit songs for other artists. "Big Green Tractor", "Are You Gonna Kiss Me Or Not" & Live A Little" to name a few.
yes lol my computer and my phone!:)
RT Just took the most intense power yoga class south beach. I am sweating head to toe! What an awesome workout!
Ya totally I love the Heat I am from Miami :P but the Celtics are a close second
yes. Leebabe strikes again.
no but they look broken
Exploring tweetdeck thanks to you. Now to figure this thing out...
it needs more Bacon! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Apparently I can learn to levitate for 30 bucks.
here he goes again! I can't wait to check out the new Dallas!!!! (Gonna steal them from Jas ASAP!)
12 Days o'Twitter: On 9th day of Twitter Santa Claus gave to me 9 maids a milking (who wouldn't like that?) f/8 & be there AGENCY VII 6GB...
they old they should be sleep... I'm back at home visitin... Actin like they aint gotta work
you go girl!
hood life is not for me
I won't bust your balls about messing up the lyrics.
you're new album is perfect !
Right on, Kev!
Who can i look to for inspiration to try and get better grades.~ asdjl.
it's all the way down and my friends are the only one in the row!! Lol.
TONIGHT only from 9-10PM Rodney Mart is selling UDCreamery pints buy one get one 1/2 off!
All the way home to realize I forgot my keys on a couch 40 minutes away
Excited that my first article (4th author, but still!) is published in the Journal of Academic Librarianship! Next step - 1st author.
Does this mean Perry is one step closer to becoming the Presidential nominee and Pawlenty is one step closer to being the VP nominee?
Where are the fight parties!!
Its on VH1
Ok, Crucial ir Kingston to upgrade my laptop's RAM? Going from 4Gb to 8Gb.
RT : Presenting to future Bearcats this morning with !
New iPad white, iPad 2 black. Easy to tell the difference.
Well, let us know and we can work on it together. :)
Continued prayers for the people of Japan.
"When I came to [DC Police] Department in 1964, there were 7 Blacks in a class of 100 [officers]" - Isaac Fulwood former #DC chief of police
RT : Personalized business cards. Great for networking, job leads & for handing out in interviews.
We could be opening and closing acts. A nice 90s sandwich for everyone.
awesome!!!!! thank you so much for setting that up. i'm really looking forward to it!
My ears are being violated by a punk's racist BS playing out loud on the #DCMetro. What I wouldn't give for a small EMP right now.
RT “ If you gone reply to my text with one word don't even fucking text me back... Hate that shit with a passion”
Good morning, Stella! Have you looked over the info we sent you last week? We'd be more than happy to send it again.
Also I am giving you "during race happy you will own it" thoughts.
27 followers! You guys inspire me, wow famous..woah.
Who are some of your favorite local bands?
left a message with your online support to have corp sales contact me 2 weeks ago. Haven't heard from them. Kinda disappointed.
o Chippy sale does transvestites so he's the dirty whore bag I think.
do u have the patience to wait till mud settles & the water is clear? Can u remain unmoving till the right action arises by itself? ~Lao-Tzu
That's if my doorman lets you lol
Good for Adam Dunn. His confidence has to be sky high right now.
i just got home :-)
would love to travel #Europe but he fears non-English speaking people
S/O to for punching me yesterday and leaving two bruises on my arm. #idefinatelyfeltthelove <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Prepping for a busy week!
can we call our house next year "The Ray-Barn" ?
yeah no? Lol not happening
The bottom line is that it's all worth the trouble!
Hope that your having a delicious, happy birthday today. Love birthday cake!
The only pain you should go through is the one when your friends make you laugh to hard.
All I want to do is give you a big hug and comfort you as you go through this tough time, but I can't. </3
great to see you last night, thanks for putting the group together. i owe you a beer in NYC
Fans were amazing tonight!
u never rap anymore just beats :0
Totally not sure if it's gonna work with my crazy sched, but it sounds like it could be pretty awesome. What else you taking?
Awesome, MLB is back on FOX today. Welcome back Joe!!! It's been too long.
wake up and text me already,
Gahh there Is a guy at my school who is so hot it's hard 2 look at him!!! <U+E106><U+E106><U+E106><U+E106>
Johnny Cash is THE MAN hands down
Tonight was my most frustrating night of the year. But im glad it happened. I was tested, but succeeded. Everyday is a lesson & I'm grateful
nah my bf always ends taking mine off lol
American Academy of Family Physicians Foundation Launches Cities for Life
wahhhhhh are you talking about, you're skinny lmao
What's with the smoke and smell of burned wood in miami today
If you hear about a murder in a hotel in Jackson its because I beat this loud woman too severely, I guess I don't know my own strength.
I just realized that September 1st was my 4th anniversary of becoming a librarian.
Just for off back hurting like hell
: I know a secret then... So excited too!
THATS TRUE ,, PEEP MY POLE GURL JAM WEN U FIND TIME COLAB THIS THA DALLAS O.G BUT THA JAM IS AT MYSPACECOM/OGBIGGTRAI187
Longest day..I need a good workout now
September Line Up : 16th & Celebrating 's Birthday <U+266B> 23rd <U+266B> 30th
Work Hard Play Hard , i heard dat in some song on da radio , its stuck in my head
haha, that's true, but you hang out on the East side most of the time, right? I rarely make it over there . . .
is so beautiful and talented i hope she follows me she is Amazing! :)
Can't wait for twa's new album!
the day before and after the major league baseball all star game....
Looking like a great crowd for event tonight on exits.
I want to go to the dollor store to get a pt but I hve no way to get there
Our agency golf tournament gets hotter everyday!! Special model guests soon to be announced!
Jason Allen continues to make plays.
You are right ! You are ready for trivia. Don’t forget, $5 grape bombs tonight! RT Larry King
Wish I could have talked more at #agentRB - & I are doing some cool things over here. Wanted your take on it
Ladies and gentleman, truth is now exceptable, fame is now injectable
Michael Floyd to the cardinals. sick
My whole family is playing bomber man ultra right omg
TELL ME NOT?
You can always order online, but if you want to see Gourme Mist in your local grocer make sure to tell their customer service!!
I need to make my way to the 9 the 9 the 9
"Being challenged in life is inevitable, being defeated is optional." — Roger Crawford: Motivational author and speaker
The last date I went on was 3 weeks ago. Not good. So now, it's up to Heather!!! LOL
Packing for this weekend's Monster Mania con in MD!
I'm right here. RT : Pimp C back, so wtf is up?
If you want a good conversation go to Stadium Barbers.
AND Divine Romance by Phil Wickham. #nowplaying. <3 Okay that was my last one. <U+263A>
We're #AllDressedUp !! #Pink&Purple
then people only have average looking or ugly kids meaning my daughters wont be able to find a cute boy
hahaha! yeah ): Why do all boys at DMS have to be douchebags?
XD so glad theres no school tomorrow
Isn't being a football "World" Champion synonymous to me being a log rolling "World" Champion?
IF anyone is free to say anything on the radio. Is it ok to Electronically JAM 's monopolized frequencies?
#onlyatSU do the teachers dismiss class early so they can get their party on during the Homecoming festivities. Who does dat?
You and me. Bestfriends forever<3
Why did the king go to the dentist?
Good day for Miami: Vilma done for year and Shannon suing for money owed.
same thing as the helicopter circling my house for two hours yesterday AM?
Just started following the Dalai Lama (thanks to 's RT) and now Twitter suggests I might also follow Schwarzenegger. Um, really?
Be a lamp, a lifeboat, a ladder. Help someone's soul heal. Walk out of your house like a shepherd. ~Rumi
HP/Cisco lawsuit ironic given that according to LinkedIn, HP is the 2nd most popular company ex-Cisco emps go to
: House of payne funny af”
Wow. "When I was your age my equipment was a glove. The team had bats, softballs, and issued uniforms."
About to have some GREAT training with Astonish Results in just a few!
Had a funn time at the movies .<3
Sen. Majority leader dean skelos says two early budgets in a row is "historic."
Much appreciated! RT : I want to thank for his generous support of !
God gives us this day; He fills it to the brim with possibilities, and challenges us to use it for His purposes.
Aww Cute! My dog has his own fan, he's spoiled to death lol.
Really proud SVB is supporting in Dublin today. Good luck to the 10 presenting companies.
haha nuh uh! that's funny!
Great game!
Breaks mine too but I'll just keep taking care of my kids and doin what I gotta do! Be good :)
Hey hey hey. What's happening
Oh my goodness..
Slow rain great day to read and relax in anticipation of #hpmkt tomorrow.
I love my job! What a wonderful night:)
Need a job pronto
You know how sometimes you go to a conference and have no idea what the hell anyone is taking about? Yeah.
Most inappropiate thing spongebob has said-"Yeah sizzle those juices":P
The #Angels have been shut out 7 times, most in #MLB while the #RedSox have scored in double digits 7X, also most in MLB.
Colorado trailed by 3 after 1, 3 after 2, and now 3 after the 3rd. with a couple in the quarter for the Mammoth
I'm so thirsty
no problem
that's where mine are!
He mad the actress Lebron is getting all these calls. You would be mad too.
” Just BeYou ;) Everyone else IsTaken ” LIKE
We just love our next promotion, can't wait to tell you all about it!
Bought Dots instead of cough drops (on purpose) this morning. I don't think you are supposed to spend the whole morning eating gumdrops.
<----- follow follow follow... Stay updated on unsilent night 4 (:
hey thanks! We can't wait to open up in 2012.
TD! Stave to Hammond for a 7-yard touchdown. Hammond with a nice extension to break the plane. 7-0 Cardinal.
... is my husband, I'm already following him don't worry ;)
no more roommates for me! Ill stay the independent beezy that i am :)
We started early :)
I'm the h word tight now lol
lol oh ok, and wth is a hash tag?
nice! Have a couple of taco's and go take some pics!!
free food couldn't have come at a better time
invading the OU library today. huzzah!
fashion show choreography meeting!
You too :> And I will! Finally got some sleep, passing out around 10:30 like a lame :D
This has literally been the most annoying and full of bullshit week of my life.There for if someone even dares to get smart .U will get hurt
I just choked on my hot Cheetos when I read that the omg girls song where da boys at was dope I have to hurry and listen to it ah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Wishing you the best Wednesday ever. Jim Please give your team my best!
I want ice cream.
I hate people with fucked up teeth.
$SEFE is so nice!
this thurs. I'd say plan on being there no later than 3:45. It's the B&G club on mcgloughlin.
39 degrees, rain, softball by the lake
#BuildDayMemories Rico comes back for seconds in pizza before the rest of the line even gets their first. Lol
hahaha I KNOW!!!
It very well may!! I was so excited for you to see Scars on 45!! They're so good live.. :(
Beautiful day in the city - sunlight at 6:30am and 40 degrees. Spring is just around the corner.
Jus don't feel like goin to work today.....
Oh dear, hopefully the melties will lead to a nice exhaustion factor now.
Only 2 runs scored. Definitely more action on morning show. They should have MLB Opener ONTHEGO!
It's a Wonderful Wednesday! What makes it so wonderful? You!
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
Waking up early for wpdh roofathon....the show will definately be worth it!
It's true though!
Always! hope ur doing good... on c + revu!
Jay Z & Linkin Park collaborating had to be one of the best musical decisions of all time
Happy birthday Greg Glover!! :)
. My pleasure.
That may be the guy who was reported to be skiing to work.
That is ominous RT : R on Gonzalez: "We were all really happy and looking forward to seeing what he was going to do this yr
Thanks for the info!
mahomies understand me so well <3
Grandma is here today so I have I sleep in my room tonight ...
: you are much nicer than i... i used explatives in my shut up! ;)
feels like i'm fallin and i'm lost in your eyes<3
Pan Fried Mediterranean Flounder with Shrimp
Just finished a photo shoot with Chef Ralph Perrazzo. Always great to work with a friend.
I am subbing today - per4mance and Tread It, come workout with me!
ruling the earth is so passé.
BREAKING NEWS- Al-Qaeda was planning to derail a train on the 10th anniversary of 9/11 - ABC News
what they need, is what i have ...
Thank the Lord for pain pills!
Do you know Van Halen's version of "You Really Got Me"?
Indeed! Thx for ur support RT : Cool. Just got confirmation that my company matched my last donation to
yo.wanna do dance dare w david tomorrow?
Thanks, David. So appreciated :)
hahaha i just sit there too...waiting for someone to pass by and do it for me.lmao...sigh, im so lazy -___-
Dear , we're hoping to get lots of beautiful snapshots of Portland directed to this account. Spare an RT for a good cause? :-)
its only after 10 out west.
#FF shoutout to -- the company that provides all my Social Media Strategies course readings. lol
im tied of runin ....
But we both know you're gonna need that much deserved break!
The fact tht people know nothing and continue to criticize
Good catch on the malformed link. Thanks. Should be fixed now.
just got word #radiohead shirts will be coming back into print sometime in september. at least 1 new print will be available. details soon!
Why must I be cursed with eternal social awkwardness? :\
TGIF! who's hittin the links this weekend?
Thanks for doing what you do!
Love and prayers today. Let those you love know it and feel it. Life and love are unpredictable. Cherish them
I haven't been remembering my dreams lately, which sucks because I like to remember them
HeLLo mR.nAnDoS...hOw aRe YoU???:))) tAkE CaRe AlWaYs...
I haven't been as jealous of someone who wrote a song that I wish I had written in a long time - but tonight I heard...
But also not surprised this happened 3 days after introducing him to Adam. Coincidence? I think not.... :)
we've been hiding this particular light under a bushel basket for too long. Let it shine!
From a social media perspective, we do a pretty good job on engaging with clients.
[oops, thanked myself earlier:] thx for RT! and for ftw12 tweets! hope it's an awesome day!
hey u
This sort of thing must happen during work hours.
Oh great. Please keep me updated. It's one of the things I'm working on at UCLA.
Today was another tough match up for my U9 team but they do play their butts off & I love it! 2nd half was only 1-0.
YUMMY:D what kind of pizza?:)
I have so much work to do today :(
true that hahah
Try our $5 made-from-scratch pasta lunch specials from 11 a.m. - 3 p.m. daily. So good, so cheap.
Oh yeah!
Happy Birthday, Jolene!
Curves wit bbabe yaaaaah bitch excellent
I do! I need to make sure they aren't a freak.
our goal is to send 100 million meals to crisis food pantries in US schools each year. Will you help?
Bwahaha! What goes on that sandwich?
#Jobs is on the cover of Adweek, Rolling Stone, People & Biz Week among others. What other person would appear on all four the same week?
loves mindless television after midnight :D
I would go anywhere to feel like I belong.
Awe snap! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> Gonna be a great weekend, and I'm so glad I will be able to spend it with you. Lucky boy right here. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Unwarranted stop & frisks are poisoning the relationship btw communities & police. The path we're on is making NYC less safe & must change
The same people who have called our President every racist, bigoted name, are falling apart because Goober died.
Sounds perfect. Wish I could join you
Loving SCOTS "8 piece box" on !!
I will for sure! I love you.
I get the bunny, baskets and eggs part but the rest of these posts, it seems people are discovering Viagra.
Brunch in gtown to watch the kick some ass!!! Yeahzaaaaa
Where are the haters now
Any takers to see the Pacers play Linderella on St Pattys Day? It'll be linsational...
Kissing pink.
anyone know if 2 yr olds need a ticket for the at petco?
": To any jury psychologists: would a lawyer juror help Oracle or Google in this case?" It depends on their belief system.
We love jesus but u can learn alot from satan!
Cold drinks and high school friends
really? I always thought it had to do with fonts. #whoknew? 8-P hahahaha
Why not do something and co-sponsor the FRAC Act (S587)?
Louis Vuitton condoms: Classier than a mofucka.
The Patriots are Tiger Woods. The Giants are his Driver.The Giants are the Patriots duck hook into the woods!
I don't WANT to be challenged. I want love. And maybe some carbs.
We hope everyone has a safe and relaxing 4th of July weekend!! Enjoy the weather!!
come on man! it's
then again, I'd like to teach production, which is quality-critical. Teaching the bagpipes is probably not as critical.
no we aren't open today. Sorry girlie!
ha, not sure. Beatles songs don't tend to get stuck in my head;)
It's just destiny. I'm not designed to be happy.
I shouldn't see you tweeting if you have yet to text me back.
The shit you say.....
I love legendary i wish i was at home watching it
Right. We're planning for two nights. Hopefully, that will work.
Days like this make me wish my last name started with "A"
Just having mobile wallets will not drive user adoption. Offers & coupons will entice users to actually use a mobile wallet
Thank you for the RT! I actually have 1 more kit to give away if you would like it! Just DM me your address!
At Torrey Pines High School Foundation fundraiser at Belly Up in Solana Beach. Good music, good people, good times...
Is MCMA 2 beta safe to use for my server?
we need more drama games! Like heavy rain... And survival horror :)
We must learn to see "opportunitity", We often look for a basket of apples and miss the apple tree because we don't want to pick the apples.
I am embracing and endorse the new champs in WWE
#imagine Louis taking his fingers and running them up and down your spine, and you get chills. Louis: you like that babe? You kiss him.
I'll be at tonight to stand in solidarity with Scott Olsen & #occupyoakland ...wish I could do more
Key term to negotiate for from cloud vendors is they will use your data only for purposes of providing you services.
Seems like everyone's talking about it.. #knut rest in peace
fun fun!
Raise your hand if you thought the Orioles would be 11-7, with ONE lost series to start the season?
One class down, one class and thesis corrections to go!
Hm, it's kind of sad how you can lose friends from a break up. That just shows how much you really cared lol.
HOLLA HOLLA HOLLA WHO WILL BECOME THE SPURS NEXT VICTIM RT : Clippers. Grizzlies. Game. Seven. Enough said.
and we need some shoes or else
Home schoolers in Kentucky don't even have to take state mandated exams. It's a form of child abuse...
i know -.- dumb ass people! getting us excited for nothing and shiiiit
your understanding of what is sexual assault is questionable and disgusting.
Happy Birthday !
You seriously lack originality..
Just saw someone reference expo goodies as "conference swag." Love it!
looking 4 a legit manager
#happycincodemayo it more like a holiday for an excuse to go out and drink in the U.S.!!!! in mexico its probably different there!!! lol
ima join illuminati, and just tweet and instgram all the meetings..
Twinkle twinkle little snitch I hope you die in a ditch :)
I will soon!
1. N.E.R.D 2. The Beatles 3. Nirvana
I think I could of done without Holland's Weather Man video.
lol I missed the boat on that show, havent seen it and way too far behind to ever catch up
My #TL dead though
Today is Take Your Daughter to Work day! Did you bring you kid along for the commute today?
good morning my #yngsquad fam and the rest of the twitter world!!! time 2 make this money!!!!
Grandpa's service was really nice. Now onto the reception, mom's birthday cake in hand.
I need verified though. Because and... hold on
tag them!!! I need to meet friends! haha
Some kids with ADD cannot focus if they are not actively engaged, and may get sleepy when having to sit still too long.
See The Sun Come Up Always Makes Me Think Y The Fuck Wuz I Up All Night.
Just made it to my sis house with my men ....ready to eat good
One day I'll find you.
newcastle is ready for ya, the question is r u ready for newcastle?? I cnt wait to see ya rock this place!!! Much love x
Have a ton of work if I am to soft launch the new Media Services site tomorrow, but its shaping up nicely.
3b the button to 6k with KK after Joe El Playaa opened. He shoved 51k with A7cc. A on flop. Down to 68k. Gotta admire the kid's heart.
How elected officials waste taxpayer money - pay $28K to PR firms to tweet and facebook for them because they can't figure it
but its beautiful *innocent little girl voice*
Love your music, Sadie! Very unique...
Lost are game because it was raining.
Big Birthday Shout out to Meg Krulee..Someone very near and dear to my heart. Her love for me is unconditional and i will always cherish it.
And once again fuck watterson parking
I miss it. The depth of sleep I can get wrapped in the arms of other person.
That awkward moment when you walk into a place and all eyes are on you.... Ha! Yea sexy :)
I now understand why I am liking my kids' current fav show, Phineas and Ferb.
I am off to a meeting. I will get my wife Patti to call in if I can.
Avery Brooks as Cpt Benjamin Sisko on Deep Space Nine deserves mention
wants to do more than watch T.V.
The doors of wisdom are never shut. - Benjamin Franklin
Our schedule is full for today. Limited available time for Thursday.
I like a comedian who can/does laugh at his own jokes. Unlike Woody Allen, we're not just just expected to KNOW you're funny.
Every bar I've been to today has "Taco Tuesday" What's next? "Mexican Mondays" and "Wing Wednesdays?" Oh yeah. Why make a change??
I hope that my #NewYorkKnicks can get this win; if we cannot, then I will accept an inevitable sweep.
yep yep
I was so proud of you
you are right bro
Virginia Elite, 2014, (SF) Obi Enechionyia, St James School receiving D1 looks. Coach Paul Easton had a great 1st year for the Saints.
Nicole Bedford () got #cdp21 off to a great start in B159 with her presentation, great conversation now
we have a great discount going on right now. Call us - 206-720-7017 :D
Thanks! I can't make the 2012 one, but by spring 2013 I'll be living in Berlin, so it might be very do-able.
SO LIKE.. who wants to be in a photo im making for dylan?(:
I hate when ppl categorize women like the lighter the better.
If you prefer this though, make sure that you have plenty of help so that everyone still gets a chance to have fun at the party
Happy to do the Q&A! Just let us know.
Magnificent bold eagle spotted above MLK park.
omg that is way too many classes!!! -.- nombre my mom said that ima just take a break in the summer that I need it & then next
I'm convinced that people who strand their shopping carts in the middle of parking lots are generally awful people.
I have alot going on. Everything is well, I'm blessed just alot of sacrifice lately with business and baby. How are you?
if you are going out your way to be in our way?! then you feel out shined and we ain't really trying -anonymous fact
Only 100,000 followers away from 103,784. Help me get there!!!
yoyoyoyo! fml alex just texted me
Good for you. The TV God demands that only the blood of the valiant be spilled in sacrifice.
will you be joining us for the festival this year?
The struggles we experience in life are only test!
I can't believe that Creed brings in so many people that they need 2 nights at the Chicago Theatre.
“: 1. This is the most last-minute I have ever been preparing for a presentation. 2. I should stay away from open bars.
": Love doesn't care if the glass is half empty or half full; it just finds thirsty people without stopping to measure "
#wordoftheday Ppl often accuse Clark Kent of being a nebbish; but what they've witnessed is only half of his true personality. -Thanks Neil!
Brookfield, NY- need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 1200 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
Chills.chills.chills.
RT : Be bad. Stay bad.
Do fish sleep?
She likes her momma Ari too, so it's okay
i better get my phone back today...
you're welcome! I am seriously so pumped. I ended up going back and buying a 3rd pair of jeans! haha.
can I have you? K thanks
WELL ONE, HE HAS A GIRLFRIEND TWO, I DON'T THINK SHE'S LEGAL AND THREE, SHALVO
Very nice!
The Nike swoosh symbol was designed by a Portland University student and was purchased by Nike for 35 bucks
If not workamajig, is there any other agency project management software you'd recommend? DM me please.
data sharing and #opengov at
baby unicorns
Will never spend any more money on Nikon. Second camera has gone bad. Oh well, fool me once.....(twice now). Canon here I come
I need to CTRL ALT DELETE my day. My computer is freaking out this morning. It's a sign to start over my day right?
You are welcome, I had such a good time and what great folks.
Have a great Friday everyone! :)
Tyson Beckford jerks off on cam and its a "Sex-Tape"… I do it and I'm some kinda freak… AND I actually have a big dicc to do it! #Unfair *_*
La la la la la la la la bring out the glass tables!
well since no one wants to play my little game...scree all of u..lol jk not really-__-
Oh rain please stop. You're depressing. <U+2614>
The Avengers: I know I should think it was muddled and overlong but WHIZ BANG I'm too busy LOVING IT.
I never thought of that actually! It does physically bridge the musem. I like that.
No being singular plural is what we are as a humanity under the dominating forces of neoliberalism
Standing in line at Chipotle. Everyone wants a burrito I guess.
Enjoyed & appreciate the read.
Late on this reply...but I prefer smart Hulk.
I've decided I'm no longer sick. Any sniffling today should be dismissed as a personality quirk.
So glad you enjoyed your visit!
tweet me a number
New Followers ROCK!!! THANK YOU!
"we should go train hopping" "god, this isn't the 1930's"
Who grabbed the other 2 spots for the men? So frustrating not being able to watch this live . . .
Digging Laura Dern's emerald sparkly dress. Her hair is great too. She looks quite glamourous
You know your team is top class when the people your cutting are better than any teams starters will be missed
well that's pretty home grown!
Canned Corn!!!
aww you look like you're having a blast! Thx for the video!
First real off day in weeks.
Please stand by. The website is down, but we are working hard to find and fix the problem. Thanks for being patient!
where were you tonight? had all the freshest ingredients to make you the perfect #cocktail! Let me know next time!
who are you calling loser?
will you follow back? I love you <3
#HeadlinerFridays brought to you by & ||
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw you and your spouse can take your time to decide what is best for each of you.
if we'd dance high school musical i'd wanna be troy. definitely.
all your tweets are hilarious right now. I am going to respond to them all.
it's a thing.
Colorado Won 7-0. Houston Won 10 Unit Play, Arizona is now 6-0. How easy is this again? Holla at us if you want to make some real Money.
It's time to boycott any and all sponsors of that big fat pumpkin head, Rush Limbaugh. He's in a "Gots to Go" situation.
School uniforms next year? Thanks Brian.
ProTip: Do not install an SDK update on the day of the gamejam.
giveaways to answer a simple question
very true. same goes for bottom inning baseball overtime. drives me nuts!
“: Admit it, talking shit is the funnest thing to do.” lol
I better
"Been Caught Stealing." Here comes the mosh.
Biggest roar of the night: season ticket holder hits half court shot for 25K at timeout.
Thanks! It's quite good - really!
If your love was all I had in this life that would be enough until the end of time.
RT maddiegrant RT Don't wait for the perfect moment. Take the moment and make it perfect.
Check your email, John. Something should be sitting there from me. :-)
im just so in love with you guys
Umm...will I be having a new boss come tomorrow?
Mark Clayton WR Stl is active and expected to see plenty of snaps. Another solid add to ur depth.
On my first red carpet at the #CCMAs Spreecasting with VH1
4 U FLASH,CASH, & ASS MOTHERF@#KERS THE NU COLLAB PLAYCLOTHS G SHOCK B ON TIME GET THE BREAD & BUTTER WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
love it
I was out there!
thank you for following! =]
i think im headn the pub lata u should go by
r u ok
oh cool haha i saw the hunger games last night it was pretty good
omg, stop getting free stuff! you are a luck magnet!
dm would your company have an interest in collaborating?
So tired...didn't get home from the casino until 5am & back up by 9 smh...
Phx. Metro area-Make a difference in someones life while making ends meet. Open your home to an adult w/disabilities
not opposed but it will be a learning curve, I student taught all day everyday kdg yrs ago and loved it!
Zappos takes advantage of the OBL story to sell shoes. Tacky.
I dropped out of college because I hated doing the homework and then decided to become a writer so I could give myself homework everyday.
When you boil water, it helps to turn on the stove
It's really nice, and the light it gives off is, I don't know, somehow warmer than a candle? I love mine. Glad you like it!
I would never leave a cake I made sitting around with you living in the same house . Lol
Happy Hollidays to all my fellow window cleaners!
YEA ARE YA?
I think MJ was talented in the field of music...but come on...he had so many problems
Let me sleep all day and you'll be my bff
Aw thanks B :)
I'm glad you got caught too - is just a bit too subtle sometimes ;)
Mark Reynolds...please make me a believer!
Come on Wisconsin, extend the GOP circus by voting down that Romney clown!
We stand with the 130,000 women of Texas who have lost their access to healthcare! Continue to take a stand for women's rights!
At MWSA 2011 conference,Louis Intres' presentation on how Graverobbing & Theft of Middle Eastern Antiquities is funding terrorism was great.
O! I'm sure the fabulous staff at would LOVE some deliciousness from ! Be sure to stop by!
looking for more....
Pet town til I fall asleep
God you said, if I ask for it and speak it in your name it will be given to me!!! This bottling plant is mine!!!!! In your name, Aman!!
Well there goes Baltimore's momentum. Let's see how Flacco responds.
It really brightens up my day when my mom says she's proud of me. Hard work really does pay off.
To beep, or not to beep: that is the question. RT : Beep boop beep bo beep. *whirr* beep no beep boo boop.
Stay positive when negativity surrounds you. Smile when others frown. It’s an easy way to make a difference.
Very sad to hear of death of Carl Beane #VoiceOfFenway. Thoughts with #RedSox family.
selling my pair of #Milwaukee tickets...Who's interested? DM me :)
Set fire to the rain, soothing ....
the notebook<3
Learn about inspiring women every Sunday morning! Subscribe to receive a short bio this week's women in history: eepurl.com/c6fTI
:) You're the wind beneath my wings, handsome.
hey there. How's your dissertation coming along? Just checking in with you.
alright & you?:)
#favmovietime "Last Holiday" love this movie #QueenLatifiah and
this weekend I believe actually!! Ha and this is my last week of school too!! Ha
RT : I wanna deep throat some good rt now :) who's up:)me
I think my best friend and I are gonna go backpacking through Europe next summer after graduation... #funtimes :)
you're welcome! Here is to good music!
I'm going to North Dakota in MArch!to work @ Whispers a strip club that I hear does very well. Hope it's not to cold!
Hell yeah, we innit.
I've been cleaning and babysitting all day so I've not gotten to enjoy it either. :(
Out of power. Even the cell phone was out of juice and was charging. Cut off from phones and the internet last few minutes.
West palm beach Florida definitely! (:
Who wants to text ;)
Sox are up 10-1, meaning they have, what, a 40% shot of winning?
Fighting for systemic change and digital inclusion
Horoscope said I'm planning an unconventional trip to an exotic place. Is Madison, WI considered exotic after traveling SE Asia for 4 mos??
Friday and Saturday Night Dance Parties - San Francisco Chronicle
A national television show and local stations will begin LIVE coverage of the preparation two (2) hours before the start of the ride.
P Don Mgea GETTING RICH QUICK IS FOR LAZY PEOPLE , the misconception about fame is how it is captured, there is no proven formula but hard …
Yikes! #MixInSomeSpeedStick RT : More like Sunday...whoops.
Please and thank you :) Thursday?
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: Jack Johnson, Prof. Dean Nelson, Sam Flores , Mark Hoppus
She sold out a long time ago. She only cares about her career and that moron she's dating, hence I have no love for her.
Don't have writers bock. Blocked by "having to make a living"
Ha, we're gonna stick with Pure. It works for us.
Any chance we can rock YoungAndReckless gear on the show?? Let us know!! Wanna get in on that flavaa
flying all day to Asia
Thanks for the tweet!
Really? She was talking about how he kept looking at her and she had to leave the room cause she was crying. -_-
Merry Christmas from the Rocktagon family to yours!
With every opportunity for full-time work I pass up I get a little more nervous another good one might not come along.
MMSS rregistration complete. Players assigned teams. High intensity training sessions underway.
Raining again? Now I just think mother nature is really fucking with me.
Hey Denise, we just shot you an email!
Please Please Please follow me! im a huge fan of yu guys! yu all have such amazing talent!
B, D, and F! Up now on Numbers and Letters! Get them now!
Thanx Jay I'm finally in the Club lol
So your on DWTS! You should win easily, your athletic, dont weigh 250#, graceful & nice figure. Your a lock!
love footlosse their the best
I am LOVING : so adorable!! Thanks, !
i hope he does as well
know u meant family...i said 'what' as in i have none Lmaooo and u damn traveler!!! i call walking downtown a vacation hahaaa
Yes, we'll have tickets at the door tonight for + The Builders & the Butchers + Awahnichi - 8pm - hope you'll join us!
If you missed the 2011 #SpelmanDMIS student film showcase join us on campus tomorrow at 7pm in Cosby LL31! plsRT!
Thanks for the Twitter follow! Here's to future digital collaboration!!!
: Be glad your team didn't move to the soulless FedEx field...
you already know!
they were clip in... Don't know about her brand!
Mhm! & it was actually just warm this afternoon!
Morning Benny! Have fun at the truck show. Another work day for this hard worker!
Added 1, count 'em,1 new poster into my database. Stop me before it get too big.
is that an Illinois State Jersey?
Meringue is the appendix of dessert substances. Some people are just too cheap to use whipped cream, I guess.
Very odd... But I'm really glad it's working...it would have been a long night at the ref desk without it...
I just saw a video of a doq beatboxinq. O.o
#SchoolMemories I was in kindergarten and I glued this bitch's face to the table because she took my baby doll.
I dunno about the pool getting done, but Ill take u for a ride on my tractor ;) RT LMAO ur on, as long as the pool is built
You...ditched my reading to go see Rachel Maddow? That's what you had to go to Milwaukee for?
The lesson has reoccurred my whole life - sometimes, pain is a good thing & you wear it proudly.
Problem can be easliy solved, R Senate can vote with D and pass the O budget!
Quuer art should be recognized and preserved! RT : We're featured in Reasons to Have Pride in Pride 2012,...
F.Y.I>>#Taurus do not need to meet anyone new unless it has something to do with business and that person is qualified otherwise STFU...
i hope your coming back to Boston soon x Boston Directioners miss you guys <3 follow me?
ok, who has a copy of the kronos 4tet doing "don't think twice it's alright"?
On comt 16, R1.6: clarify inadvertently disclosing confidential info no violation if reasonable safeguards taken
would someone post the list of visits for the day? Look forward to following. Wish we had done this too. Enjoy!
Really hope i have enoigh money for gas this weekend... Stupid school. It costs too much
Del Friscos in Louisville for dinner then who knows-BH
i'v never used an i-clicker. here goes my first time...
Sure. Send us a mention with the petition link and a nice description about it and we'll RT it. ^SZ
I actually switched over to a switch blade for a more spontaneous shave.
Martinez plates Burns with a single. 7-3 Panthers
Who's using pinterest? We just started
"Who Run The World!" ~Beyonce ROCK ON! #WW ashevillewine
#theraflu is fire
ruh roh, that's never good! people like that end up alone, screw 'em
Hi, what's bringing you to Phoenix?
fb inbox me
Fantastic, Amazing, Stupendous!!!
CBS fails to realize this is a basketball game, not a F1 race.
Gotta love madea!
No problem
Two mexicans walk into a cantina...
:Thank you for the follow...And sorry I cant help with the massage but if you need a mani or pedi or facial let me know!
Excited to be going to Iowa. Visiting the Sears call center.
what happened?
Boys were interviewed for their participation in the Ride of Silence- check them out on at 11 or fox 27 at 10!
RT : RT : WHO DOESN'T HAVE FUN WHEN DISNEY JUNIOR IS IN THE HOUSE!!??
New song !! Street knock by swizz beatz
Thanks, that did it. Funny enough, right click + Open declaration doesn't work!
Thanks guys!
Everything is cancelled this weekend due to snow... Now i can relax...
S/O to all my followers
sophia is a good tool- and kids can make packets with it too- working on your canvas comment mystery
You just got shot down player #MaybeNextTime your game will work.
thank you for the RT's!!
A marijuana dispensary is following me on Twitter.
Well I was I just pissed about a little bit too much
WHO. IS. #rebeccablack and what the heck did she do to everyone?! This is crazy.
Independent means we research policies and rates from more than 50 top-rated companies to build a plan that’s just right for you. (weblink)
Well, we waited for a while ....
": Yeah after listening to music Im sold lol!! aWESOME VOICE!!" WOW thanks 4 the love.
One more page, and I'm done with term papers for a few months!
BEFORE --> someone-Austin Mahone is not that hot! AFTER --> someone-OMG Austin Mahone is so #HOT !! :D <3 ME- Ughh!-.-
You got it! I'm currently working on stuff so you can hear me :) What are you doing this weekend?
RT : #FallOfCybertron shouldn't disappoint #Transformers fans when it drops in Fall of 2012
"I'm on a seaweed diet" "Oh word?" "Yeah, I see weed & I smoke it" <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><U+270C>
I figured that out and blocked and reported. Retweeting me to other trolls in order for them to spam me is spam, IMO.
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him
Let's hear it my fashion dolls, who are your favorite designers?
RT RT When Peoplee don't txt me back but tweet!!! Ugh
Anybody have any good book recommendations?
Cuddling with someone you have feeling for
I know so sad.
KING LEBRON JAMES AND WADE FINNA KILL OKC TODAY !!!!!!!!
Some peeps to follow:
I hope i see my boy frend today (: I missed him so much(:
that awkward moment when you want to laugh in a serious situation
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 24
Honored you're celebrating your BDAY at our party!! RT Celebrating my 21st tonight at the Submerge show...
I might not be everything you ever wanted, but I'm always going to be more than you deserve.
Bro they younger and very , very Hungry!!! Plus 8 days off fresh legs!!!
Understanding the reader's (audience) begins with listening, and ends with crafting effective messages & story telling.
killin beers and makin memories
aww how sweet! Mine don't :( they just quiii at me for responses but no singing or anything. Do you have any other birds?
Day 99 of 100: I am thankful for seeing/feeling very clearly again when I go for my heart - or not (OMG, 99!!!)
my head is going to explode..
I followed her plzz can i win
Heading to LA in a week for some classes and networking. Couldn't be more excited!!
I think just signing in every once in awhile will keep it active.
Afta May 18 uma b a whole new person
So me an my mom came up wit a theme for the baby stuff. Its gonna be sheep :)
Today is the perfect day for tea and the kindle.
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Great game!!!!!!" by Ophelia
How do we actually get the 30 days of eLearning? I completed the first module about LiveLink.
I thought he was good but got a bit annoying.
Strange elective Romney foreign policy detour is strange.
Help us fight SOPA! Looking for a videographer to volunteer helping us film & edit a short PSA. email for details:
yeah but I'm busy
Thanks for shout out :)
WOW 345 today! 5 more to be at 350 :)
Hey, everyone follow (which is Alvaro in case you couldn't figure it out) lols
Hi ladies...see you soon!
Can't wait to be on campus in August! #countdown RT :" Looking forward to having you here!"
I Hope It Dnt Hurt
Wisconsin WR Nick Toon () finally comes off the board as the newest member of the New Orleans Saints. 4th round, 122nd overall.
That's what I was thinking...
Being interviewed Monday April 30th @ 8pm on FIrst World Radio. Talking #Mixtapes, mix-tapes and 90s alt-rock culture.
The fact that you creep and take the time to tweet us back makes me love you even more <3
Headed to work blessed with. No stress..
Protests are moving uptown, ZenLive.tv is syndicating the march from the streets. (via TheOther99)
Crack cocaine?
Funny how things work out sometimes. I start out choosing not to eat- fasting. Now I can't eat much:( Continued next tweet
CraZy long lines at the airport today.
I LOVE #Kindred!
Every action in our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity. Edwin Hubbel Chapin
Very beautiful day today such a lovely day.
Tonight we're going to party like its 1959 at the grand opening party!
I hear that. I been listening to kid, love it.
Thank u guys! You're the best! We appreciate the follow! :-)
Cleaning with my mom and found "business cards" that I made when I was 8. They have my info and say "hangout with me". I even have a fax ...
Our pleasure. Hope you two can get together....
no problem
glad i'm not the only one who realized this.
BROTHER WHY CANT I TALK TO U
well I don't know who this "ziara" girl is Fer....hahahahahahaaaa Was that a typo? Anyway, yeah I told you I'm a good girl x)
Come on down tonight to take our FREE Shuttle to Irish Fest at Blackthorn! and get a free drink upon return at the end of the night!
Hey! Hows it going?
Another one on Twitter. HEL-LO!
thanks for the follow. Many fond memories of Boise.
A visit with Bray's and then Thanksgiving dinner with the Nilssons...I couldn't ask for a better day!
possibly lol. Just got back from all nighter of editing and touching up photos. So I just fell asleep. :)
yes I worked with David Langub! We are now at Gables.
RT - Jacksonville Jaguars coach Jack Del Rio confirmed that quarterback David Garrard will start the season opener.
At my nigga studio. Like my nigga would say he jamming on the one. Lol
MIND your business
You lie through your teeth -Silverstein
Thanks. Always seems strange at end of semester as in, what do I do next? :)
Thanks for the tip!
Took the family to Chinatown over the break, today my daughter yelled, "Who hid my explosives?"
same with my school (elementary school) an Apple IIe.
follow Mee!!! #stopbulling! It hurts others in ways you wouldn't even know!!!!
jeez i have so many pics on facebook & the one time i don't take a pic in front of the mirror, EVERYBODY loves it O.O
Just read the Dyer Q&A -- great stuff.
MSB first floor smells of natural gas; Facilities mechanic currently investigating the cause.
Do NOT EVER apologize to me, only to follow with a "but.." wow. Don't waste your breath.
Happy feet mother fucker.
OH UMM HEEY. ARE YOU LIKE ALLERGIC TO MY FOLLOW BUTTON CUZ LIKE YOU HAVENT PRESSED IT YET.
Wokshoped with Joy Todd who found Morgan Freeman and tonight with Kim Hardin who did the Fridays movies!
Amazing afternoon visits to Johnson Elementary and Jackson-Via Elementary Schools - our schools are awesome!
#blackpeoplehobbies wearing your pants down to your ankles, walking like you've crapped yourself and talking like yo dawg
its good she's the only country one cuz she has all of the country vote.
headed out towards the closest webcam see u soon.
I grew up overseas and wouldn’t change that childhood for anything.
Glad the storms have settled down abit here in the #Memphis area. Very tired.
You still don't get it. I paid you for something you never came through with. Then when I call you out you say, and I quote:
Look forward to hearing updates down the track. Please keep me postd. Good to be back in touch!
I missed it, we're they playin nickelback haha?
Hi Dawn. Welcome to #CMLbookchat Do you have a favorite book made into a movie?
John Harnage - Because I Want To...A Journey - the expression of passion thru dancing
Any issues this evening? Can't seem to connect...please advise
I like this song - on
working on the weekend. :(
Actually, make it :) I love free delivery! And better prices than anywhere else online for the model I wanted :)
SHUT UP!!!
Not sure how much has been done with DMT but I know there have been clinical studies of the effects of LSD.
my friend & producer is pulling a project together in LA can she reach out 2 u for recos on line producers?
#wssmiami "Know your customers' emotional trigger points." Annette Gray
Happy easter
Pirates secure their 19th straight losing season. Thanks guys for getting our hopes up.
Up early editing...
hee. we've sat around trying to cast the movie so many times. LOL big dreams i have *G*
I'm done.
same ole same. Out here acting a fool lol
Rangel's financial disclosure forms omitted more than $600K, according to ethics committee; we found $831K...
and I are going to this awesome hair casting tmrw... Wish us luck!!
We arrive in Columbus on Monday. We will be in Wilmington by about two
dude it was a joke. u know i love you. and my clan is from the 'burgh. chillax. also, I did quit matt for that exact reason!
Oh. It's December. How did that happen?
Listen, I'm perfectly fine.
is getting ready to go to work
I'm really late but no you don't know me, u just looked cute ;)
goin back home
Uh...yeah. Something like that. =P
-- and no..it's not to soon for the WH jokes.
Congratulations to Art Thomas -- he's won a pair of tickets to see The Script w/ Hot Chelle Ray at DAR this Thursday!
What are best criteria for listing university-assoc accounts on a univ directory? What counts as affiliation? #UMBCsocial over-frgmt session
Happy Friday to all our followers and partners! Enjoy the weekend!
RT : Food for thought-MBA students work & study with City Harvest to create healthy eating options for all via...
The U.S. Army All-American Bowl will take place on Jan. 5, at 1 p.m. The Bowl will be played in San Antonio and broadcast live on NBC.
Less heart more liver. Care less n drink more
Too bad there's not a handbook that comes along w/parenting alot of people need it. Male & Female o-l<
Should I buy a ticket or not? #winning lol
Thx for following !
Schools Open! Announcing Daily Tweets reveiling the secrets of health ins Don't miss this information that may save your life and assets.
The intermediate stage between socialism and capitalism is alcoholism. -Norman Brenner
just gave myself a little accidental acupuncture with a bobby pin.
Didn't make it to work at 830_so lazy
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better <3 9
sorry to be missing #TEDxABQ but I am out of town and having fun
life's all about those little imperfections that make us human..
Saying goodbye to the seniors. This is always way too effing hard. We're gunna miss you, MP, Skyler, and Will! /te
in true italian fashion we're always thinking about our next meal.lucky for us (and you) it's 1/2 price #pizza night! password:SHERMAN MILLS
ONLY 20 tickets ARE AVAILABLE
also researching on the next property I wanna buy for my real estate investment
That's some warm and laconic Vermonter vernacular at its best.
lets get this fixed! Give us a call (608-444-4444), stop in or DM us with ur contact info and we can reach out
#FF Thanks for RT'ing Victor!!
Right?? What the hell, April. Step it up.
To buy views: display (ads), incentivized gaming (watch videos to win a game) & social attention. Latter is best
thanks for the mention.
It's as legit as my crack addiction. Just kidding, I'm telling the truth.
The best way to increase your desire to diet is to purchase a full-length mirror and hang it prominently in your bedroom!
pizza and fish sounds disgusting
A mole can dig a tunnel 300 feet (91 m) long in just one night.
I can't believe u did that!!!
when do you sleep? it seems like you tweet all day everyday
Check out my latest column, Last I Checked, @ www.channel_3000.com
S/O to my baby cooking it up last nite...I'm already up going ham on the leftovers luv u girl
had to put on boyfriends deodorant today. i don't smell like myself.
my take on Word is generally "SO WRONG on SO MANY POINTS but professionally necessary."
Good luck - the Milwaukee Panthers are opening up in NC vs. ECU
it's about damn time.... Can I have all the jewelry??? Lol
Not a big pop music fan but Adele has one hell of a voice...
thanks for following us. we love what you guys are doing. enjoy #sxsw!
Got paid mad bank today. To Carosel!
Ha! "Some Undergrad!"
oh I do the same. I only have a week here, though.
We think those ppl without coats this morning are not idiots, but optimists of the best kind.
Wondering if the key to a "humanist's singularity" is open, linked data...
Ignore them, same as on FB.
Thought this was 4 u LOL! ": get out of Houston you traitor. You're no longer welcome here. Die slow."
just got home today! Mom is fixing me dinner
do you know Jacob in 7th thr acted retarded today?? We date((:
Sorry you'll miss tonight - stop by the market some time! We're starting at Bloomingdale on Sun., will be at 14th and U on Sat.
Cirque du soleil THAT WAS COOL
that's my fave movie
EVERYTIME i bring a glass of water into my bedroom, Waffles loses her shit and swats it until it spills everywhere. This is no way to live.
I live an Alex DeLeon appreciation life, but this is an appreciation tweet.
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness. Like resignation to the end, always the end. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Sorry I forgot to tweet you back last night I was busy throwing up at the fact that you want to snuggle with me tomorrow
Yea Mexico!!!!!
oh my god seriously? -_____-
Saber rattling is done by empty wagons (or empty heads, projecting) I pray for rationality
:) Do you mind sending me your info so I can send you mine as well? Thx!
Bout to call my p.o. Smh pray for me
reveal thyself sir or madam! But please don't put me in jail!
Each season of weeds is only about 15 bucks on blu ray! Fuck yeah!
Thank you everyone for voting for ! Your da best!! :-)
This massage chair is heaven!
How is comparing RG to Vick lazy? How many college games of Vick's did you watch?
I love the sound of rain.
query, u look like a hard ass...
what can I do to get you out west? Great opportunities!
#BlackBoyProblems someone other than u claiming ur kids for tax money.
My mom look about 20 with her hair short.. Maybe she can find her a new man.. *crosses fingers*
Thank you for the follow ! I'm the EIC of & would love to write for !
Health Tips: Eggs do not give you high cholesterol, go ahead and add them back into you diet for a perfect complete protein.
#LiveLikeUrDying is coming in some minutes get rdy
Talk to Meh, I'm a doctor xD
Agree! “ “ Nothing will kill your career faster than failing to act like an adult.””
When you see the most perfect boy at a baseball game, and you realize you will never see him again ):
A Positive attitude has a boomerang effect! When you throw it out there it will always come back to you! Coach Terry
Which son believes he will be a god ruling his own planet after death?
entangle me in strings.
Denver County Fair loves Seed Savers Exchange (official fb page)!
Have a great, safe Memorial Day, but, take a minute to remember those who gave everything so we could be free to do what we want today!
RT 3's a Charm. It's Day 3 of our Memorial Day Shoe Giveaway (extravaganza). Follow and tweet #i&lt;3MattBernson
oh I see , well I'm going to bed lol night
you dare moc the son of a shepard?
i guess ill just be the funny friend...
What is the point in having a guy room mate if they won't kill the spiders for you?
RT , runner-up: Star Provisions : ) RT Whats your favorite restaurant in Atlanta? Tweet us at
Did you know Chispa Marketing is a social media partner for the Women’s International Holistic Conference? Join us!
I'm fine keeping thing to my self.. Can't trust anyone anyways
Rewinding Romney on Counterterrorism: 'Dr. Strangelove' and 'Attacks on America' - TIME (blog)
well my computer thinks its cool to open 20 internet tabs instead of 1.
Students & parents in #Pilsen: Register for a FREE college planning workshop by on Oct. 29th & a chance to win a
Getting ready to head to the Justin Bieber concert....excited to be the OPENING ACT! hope everyone will enjoy the show =] -Chad
Good night.
awee why aren't you here ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
If they don't go again this year I will seriously cry. I know there may be other years but I'm getting super impatient and
What's planking?
lol its like ms:P
yeah I know I asked if you're going to try and get them lol I hope I can get them :)
not me
Check new #s. Listen in. RT : All chats not created equal. QUESTION: Best way to find chats that matter?
Luc Lac so so good. I love this place!!
Making bangers! i just made this beat called Michigan a couple days ago! Shit stupid
Everything at dartmouth is green, including the students clothing, notes
State testing starts tomorrow with reading... Then later I will have math, 2 writing, and algebra end of course.. 0/5.complete..
was good
Thanks for the #ffs and back atcha!
Don't try to be a hard rock when you a gem.- Lauryn Hill
OUCH!! DAMN THIS ACHING BACK
Making breakfast for the mother who gets to sleep in
This week Stitchy Sunday is on. The lovely Emme will be there to help you with projects.
#FF & we are hella tight. We piss each other off sometimes but ayy, what are friends for :) love y'all
Just a day. <3
Can Yuh Give Me A Shout Out Please! Look At My Tweets And You'll See Why(: I'll Give Yuh One Back(:
hahahahh besides this last week where I was MIA....I can always do it mon ;)
Ill give you eggs between your legs lol, hi rabi RT Love it when you call me legs, in the morning buy me eggs <3
GIVE ME SUPER BOWL TICKETS NOW
congrats on being a WILDCAT!! u are now apart of the greatest tradition in basketball!!
. "How oil is being stolen in Nigeria?" really? that a bio of ? you fuck over destitute people & environment. wtf do you expect?
The all women crew is pretty god.
S and N all day. (Shit and nap)
Loving that Groupon is finally facing some problems, bad business models shouldn't raise cash like it has
Who's going to be tonight? When should we meet? Every home match? Every match? Your call, this is your Supporters Club.
have i ever told you i was a big shia labeouf fan
are you continuing it?!?! :D
Not sure if I'm still blacked out or if I'm actually comprehending what is being said to me
Yay! I get to catalog music scores tomorrow!
cool. nice work. :)
Did anyone see the Ustream? I missed it I was out all day..
I spent my Friday night setting up a new code editor. I've finally made it.
It's worse than that. He was awarded a Nobel Peace Prize to ENCOURAGE him to be a peacemaker.
I had about 14 somewhat clever responses to this but couldn't narrow the field.
heard it's the opposite over that way, I'll send some good weather vibes....we got plenty heat to spare here!
He wanted free food >:) ": aw, some kid made my night told me I was very pretty :)"
There are 5 warhols on the wall on this crib. I might be fanning out
The Dave Begel "Nonsensical Blog Posting" Award for all of RRSMB's posts
JUST SENT THE JOINTS...LETS WORK!
Thanks! Do you get knee tweaks on occasion? Still relatively new to this regular gym thing.
the hardest part would probably be teaching a computer to make unintelligible announcements
correct. It is essentially one big Conference USA, with a playoff.
Just drove by the zombie apocalypse store. That is awesome.com
hi friend lol
I hate you Pinterest..
Disappointed I wont see a (Derrick) Rose on Valentine's Day but Jimmer is maybe the next best thing.
still writing... O_O
Coldwater, Ohio alum (my school) gets drafted #200 by the Vikings RT Congrats to Ross Homan
Watching BLUE VELVET for the 1000th time. What a masterpiece!
I MISS YOU ALL :(
What about Cutting for Stone then? Or the Game of Thrones series? Will keep her busy for a while.
much appreciated.
Ministry of Ideas () is a venue for entrepreneurs to share ideas with open meetups
Haha. They keep ignoring my questions on why Howie Mandel is judging a talent competition.
If David Stern has anything to do with it, we should see a Lakers vs. Clippers Western Conf Finals. Ratings bonanza.
"You're finished already?" he asked. "Yes," the blonde answered, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats.
Gotta love Old Gregg accusing niggas of playing #lovegames. Yeah. I went there.
The General Strike is the ultimate form of revolutionary action. It's the refusal wage slavery & the workers most reliable form of weaponry.
Mixed by Vavi Solomon
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
barely. I think I was a zombie for a bit. How was the film buff party?
Yep. Wish I could get that mashed potato pie with you and the Old Man. Remember to get bacon, too.
Dick's Danger Ale. Brook no substitutes.
Merry Christmas to my Footloose ladies!
it's why they created DVRs - watch the draft later
- yeah. That's how I tore my ACL. I didn't just tear it, I shredded it. It got stuck in my knee joint. Not good at all!
Did you hear that Victorious is coming to Universal Orlando on June 9th?! Maybe I will see you there!
Justin Bieber I love your songs.I have some of them on my laptop
Forget basketball! "The madness" is our new S.O.W., topped with freshmade mac n' cheese, bacon and tomatoes.
Next step - get a brilliant #agent!
We cannot control the evil tongues of others; but a good life enables us to disregard them.
Hi all Ooligan Hooligans: It appears that Twitter is restricting my daily follow count. I'll try to return your ads tomorrow. -Cyrus
Touring the lower peninsula
I love when it's my birthday... Facebook makes me look popular when truth is I have like 3 friends haha
post your window performance!
"As wound up as a coon dog tryin to pass a peach seed"
In #California, you will be subjected to horrendous traffic for hours. Atleast its 60 and sunny.
It's a fake!! Or so I read. HOW DARE THEY.
Thankyo for following me. :)
yeah...2nite is the better of the two....but 2mrw should still offer some nice views--esp just after *moonrise*..which is 8:53pm.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
WE HAVE WATER!
We're doing it!
Fuckin' rent. Thanks a lot
would you?
insert important information about my life here. (it's not even noon and it's too hot to think)
Can't wait to see St.Thomas again but not for too long. I feeling to go to LA to live. U never know where my next move gon be.
Places API Release Bug Fix: Reviews API "days" filter to get reviews in the last x days is working again
Says we want school to be sep from their life RT :Australian schools Social Media banned... what does this mean 4 kids?
that's all you Mr. Chief Innovation Officer, a post move-out farmers market may be better
99 problems and gay aint one.
Getting ready for the fundraiser for Baltimore Mayoral Candidate #otisrolley !
Ahh, you'll make due! Just get some rose & a baguette. And if you need back-up, Tweet me <U+263A> PS-I leave for training on Mon!
SWAMP COOLER FACT: Cooler pads filter the air effectively, and are inexpensive to replace, compared to AC filters. ABQ call 719-217-8546
Express Lube has partnered with Marine Corps Toys for Tots program. We're accepting new, unwrapped toys at all Express Lube locations.
Thanks for the RT!
Song to fall asleep to .. Suffocate J.Holiday (:
you could add it to the liturgy. The ceremony works like communion by intinction- people come up to take
iz a crime. Iz not fair. I've never gotz over it.
kick some Ms South butt! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
what kind of cup does that wire dude have on?
When I went to get my nails done the nail lady was like were yo sister, she think my mama my sister
Especially towards women!
It is embarrassing how loud my stomach grumbles sometimes
DIRTY BOY!!!
I'll believe it when you do it!
...okay, which groups for levels 40-50 are left? Is it Malta? I'd hate for it to be Malta. Carnies is Magic, right?
Should be interesting. Looking forward to your tweets from the meeting.
My pleasure. We all need to spring clean. Even our social profiles.
Icon credit to; c: [if you can see my new icon]
she might! You never know...they really are so good!
hilarious on joe rogan podcast!
my phone zoomed in the verse one of the song i read it it rocks with the help of my brother ofcourse ilove it #boyfriend !!!
#SoTellMeWhy I want to sleep on the busiest days?
Save the Date! SLIS Graduation Ceremony May 12, 12-1pm, Law School Atrium
#traveltip never leave home alone! Always let someone know where you are going!
Haha he just stabbed this dude..in the neck..in public..#highlyentertained ctfu
Ice cream again!! ~Devin.Anne<3
Well, thanks. You're a wee braver; but always watching your flank -- as it were. That just doesn't soud right. But, you know?
Super psyched to film this cover video very soon today :-)
Woah. What a cup of coffee will do to my outlook on life. This is addiction.
HAHAHA, well said. ;)
Likewise! RT Thanks for connecting Christine!
don't say that I gotta get up at 3:30 am to get ready for work
Visit us @ #Paradise Valley Mall
"LGBT" and/or "gay" mentioned 48 times in today's White House briefing. But move along. There's no news here.
#ProudofAustin you did AMAZING. <3 i love you :b
It's funny how concerned you are with me. Get over yourself and stop acting like a selfish little brat.
Pickles are cucumbers soakes in evil >:)
Omg like totally for sure
i LOVE you <3
When receiving a "gift" embrace the gesture, don't focus on the item. See the intention. It's the thought that counts ;)
I should be bad
Did you ever get out of bed?
#RememberHow shit use to get real when u played uno and you pulled out the Draw 4 wild card.
I can't think of anything else worse than seeing the one person you love the most in someone else's arms
If you break your neck, have nothing to eat, or your house is on fire, you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience. -Fulghum
Scheduling w/ Google calendar at #maslsc12 great stuff!
Is it a bad thing if I do know this? “: Do you know what a fluffer is?”
can I PLEASE just marry the joker? asdfghjkl.
Love it! thank you for suggesting
So happy I didn't have to see the Bulls lose tonight. I wouldn't have been able to study for my test tomorrow if they would have lost.
Half a loaf is better than none.
haha i didn't even know that. Next time he tries you should put him in an arm bar
Skyzone with Haley , Holly , and Autumn :)
I'm calling it now....Mia vs Boston...lakers vs. San antonio
Dear NYers, ready to get outside the city? Would love to have you in Woodstock goo.gl/UsgY9
Jake, I will be giving an acting/modeling workshop in Myrtyle Beach on 10/22. Do you do any acting or modeling?
Perfect #ValentinesDay dinner: roasted garlic risotto with goat cheese and rosemary and a baby arugula salad with a simple vinaigrette
that's like when a spider runs away into a crack or something. I feel your pain!
You make me wanna.
Anyone wanna go to San Gennaro tonight? Or some form of real dinner? I need motivation to leave the house.
Now on FB Roger Dietch so you can join me as well. Market in another set up mode.
Need a roommate? = )
When I get to cali I'm a find me a dumb white girl wit racks n hustle it all from her
And so we enter hour 8 of me wearing wet socks and shoes.
It was nice to meet you too!
There are some things you learn that open you up to a lot of different possibilities—really changing/expanding your thinking early on.
You're welcome!
#WHENIWAS16 I WAS ON ITUNES
People shouldn't wear jeans to an afternoon holiday pops concert? Really?
Yes, HSBC does seem to love their Fifth Avenue Tower. This is not an endorsement. As I've said I do my banking elsewhere.
So pissed off you don't even understand... Words can not even express how mad I am.
Go sid! RT : I had a great day out talking to voters today.
Whens the fight????
Re-reading Girl w/ a Dragon after seeing the movie. Stieg Larsson R wordy.
So I got a job at Papa Johns. I start 2marrow. :)
no cuz she said we don't have to do it anymore
A few weeks ago I intervened in a gay bashing incident. Tonight the guy I helped saw me walking, jumped out of his car and gave me a hug. :)
You don't have to have it all figured out ahead of time... just put one foot in front of the other and you will get there.
Just wants to party get wasted and have a good time, well after work that is:)
RT : It's official! We open tonight at 5pm-with happy hour from 5-7pm. Stop by and say hi, we'd love to pour a drink for you.
he's good but not a fan
*squee* 50% off all sale items at means I got to buy two more pairs of my new favorite jeans for $40 TOTAL. YAY!!!
Fuck you miami!
I'm the reason why you always getting faded , take shot for me.
Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard
Honeymoon means no tweeting.....
#ThatAwkwardMoment when an awkward moment isn't awkward at all....
I know we have 3.5 hours to go but can this Lakers/Thunder game fucking start already?!
misses #chi2010 already :(
how do you handle doing a bad review of a mainstream book? Just finished Inheritance and it was pretty bad.
But very nicely done.
Who's hitting those #HappyHours later to #Winedown? DM your email and I'll send you a #Bartab drink!
I'll tak the mixing comment as a compliment lol -
Does anybody have recommendations for a doggie daycare in/near Oak Lawn?!
listened to that during my 5 am drive
No problem :)
Going out to dinner > going to stats review. My priorities are way out of check
The Movie Sense officially gives #BadTeacher Green Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
#MerryChristmas y #FelizNavidad E'eryone!! I hope you're recycling all that wrapping paper, plastic, etc.
No hard feelings about the spam, mate. hackers hit many young actors. break a leg
was thin king about mortality the other day especially with taylor and and others passing on. the end is look closer each day.
The best part of today's #FridayFacts is hearing laugh in the background.
agreed, it was delicious
I don't think that is quite right. The slide rule nor thesaurus are tools for bullying, sexting, etc.
doors open at 7pm on Fri 12/23 you can help by inviting friends! Follow feedmilwaukee and spread the word!! Thanks
YES. That tweet constitutes a transfer of your contract with OSF to me, Tony & Loehr. LETS DO THIS BOYS.
I am interested in hearing more about your production position. Thank you.
The Mamas and the Papas Fritas
Calling Xcocaine and heroin addicts to care. Help us keep next family safe with detection. Your words, donations help our program
When the po po ran up on me & Mexico . Swear I ain't never ran that fast befo! Take a 2 liter & fill it up with codeine !
Lewis slips as Rangers' skid hits 3
lol man , soo many people been askin that . smh , dont know where my twitter life has gone off to .
One needed stat. Bourbon.
We prefer the Parisian shawls, the fabric being softer, and the patterns, bouquets, and wreaths of flowers much more graceful. (1850)
blessed to work with such awesome people
ah, that's so perfect!
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
Deadly Sins of Public Speaking #3: “The lustful speaker attempts to calm their nerves by applying the advice to picture the audience naked!”
#imagine Austin:do you believe in soul mates?because i think you are mine. You:i think your mine to :) *Austin kisses you*
Home showered now gettiin ready for family guy
woodland hills by calabasses
did you get zapped filming this?
best music for V day!
It should be noted that Rec #86 also asks the US to prevent violence/discrimination based on sexual orientation.
you know why sir
The Chardon Polka Band Returns! — Sunday, February 26 at 2:00pm at the BrewWorks!!! Don't miss this!
it's pretty much the same thing so it works haha. But I've done that before:p
they're different so you can fill out both! It will double your chances to win! :)
that irritates me so much!
Pumped that SAG/AFTRA is ONE!
TERRIBLE #nightmares last night after watching with ...no more decapitating turtles before bed!
Not yet, but we will!
im finna get on der. Get at me. its-milky
Our Board Member 's Tweets will be turned into comedic art this Saturday Night by theater!...
"The children in the sandbox are being mean?" I offer you a chair at the big people table. LOL
Planning for tomorrow! So excited for this new part of my life.
. live tweets for and responds to emails at the same time, what a talent
hey Ms Karen good day to you
A lease option is comprised of two main parts namely an option & a lease (rental agreement).This is written in either 1 or 2 contracts.
My Debt Reduction and Sewer Stabilization Plan eliminates $750 million, or 25%, of the County’s $3 billion in debt
Anyone else need an exorbitant amount of coffee today? Probably not a good idea to play poker today...thanks Daylight Savings Time.
I'll run to macdons and get a shamrock shake?
RT : Love your parents. We are so busy growing up, we often forget they are also growing old.
Late nights early mornings...
Haha good call
Tea is kind of a waste of time.
I promised myself I wouldn't leak a spoiler of my day tomorrow, but I did buy some new camera gear for the event.
I got ya bitch wit me nigga.
Hey Media. Keep showing the Riverwest riot video some more parents feel pressure to turn in their heathens.
Romo can be great. He usually isn't for 4 quarters a game. Especially not in the playoffs.
2nd down and ten left for the 1st go ahead and just stay back.
oops, 11:36? What the hell? I was supposed to go for a run at 9. Damn.
Hello to the
I have a comfy awesome bunk bed. goodnight! Sweet dreams
Learn the variety of flags, uniforms & weapons of the American Civil War @ Green Valley Lib on Monday @ 6.
Just saw a big ass spider run across my room and before I got scared I stomped on that bitch
and I'm a moron bc you did tell me when haha. I hope you wear the shirt this time!!!!
. asked about large scale digitization with minimal metadata. "Yep, that's a problem." :-)
dammit! and your twitter got virusfied too...i've been getting nasty little messages from you...
Most of you are probably aware by now that Philips has decided to shut down its 3D operation due to current market developments.
Dilemma:I support GirlScouts & buy cookies. Those have corn syrup, so I don't eat 'em. Can I give the boxes to bums or am I poisoning them?
Ive Been Fan Since Joker Was 17, First Time I Heard Him I Thought, This Dude Is To Fuckin Sick, Your My Fav Rapper
At Work: Texas, NDak, then Liberman today sez he won't run again - So mucvh for the Junkie! Plus 150 yrs since seccession.
anyone who expects something intelligent or respectful from clearly hasn't followed the bozo's career.
Nice Sunday!
Time to go eat
great catch - resending now to fix typo - thanks
Pamela Grimm (PamelaGrimm1) thanks for the follow.
We spring forward by one hour this Saturday night into Sunday. Extra hour of daylight Sunday evening. Sunset: 6:58 PM EDT.
thanks! Hope to see you soon :)
Haha, poor Karla. Two more days of this! :-(
Had a fabulous time on Sunday night at the Scott Baio 50th birthday Gala! they raised 50 K for BBAF so honored to be a sponsor for it!
Yayy can't wait to c u either!(: RT can't wait to see you all!!!! In two weeks
ii know what ya mean :)
Way to go ! Can't wait to see you in the 2nd round.
so true ;p
The strongest is never strong enough to be always the master, unless he transforms strength into right, and obedience into duty.
oh no! well I guess that's good. I have a follower who gives tips on how to fix your Yacht. got Yacht problems?
right...and next you are going to tell me that Oreos and Chips Ahoy are the same thing!!
"Here be dragons" was what cartographers put on their maps to mark dangerous or uncharted territory. Here be dragons...
Band-aids always make everything better <3
U advocate for less Gov. but U take earned income tax credit, Medicaid supports parents, and my taxes pay for UR children's school meals???
thanks! Although, I seriously have no idea what I'm doing! And yes, even though I'm a nerd! :-)
BOUT TO COOK MY FIRST TURKEY
Itd be nice if the immaterialist didnt get sick since his body doesnt exist.
Lifes not fair D: but am still happy for <3
Had a most enjoyable catch-up lunch today w/ in NYC. I miss working with you D. Hope to see you again soon.
Just saw #TowerHeist. Great movie!! Immortals, "meh" is all can say on that one.
Creed, "Higher"
Our newest sponsor is Without a doubt, one of the best bars in Baltimore. A personal favorite. Thanks guys.
The Old Market Tea Smith is open for business at 11th and Howard. Questions? Call us at (402) 932-3933 Looking forward to seeing you!
The Computer Guy just landed another News Interview with WTHR (13 NBC) for the 5 o'clock broadcast this evening! Be sure to tune in!
Bottom line is , you the finest .
just tell me when its done and I will instantly preorder it
I just sent it!!
Attn: followers please follow me on Facebook @ brandon Joel marsh , much more up to the min posts
This is an amazing game!
why dont they just say we dont have coke... I want to say no ill stick with coke ty:-)
Girlfriends are like credit cards, you can't get one unless you already have one.
Sometimes it feels like Guppy is there to fill the void that is the shirtless wonder seeing as how Gibby sorta outgrew it.
Hey man congrats on everything your doing. Your living the dreams you've come a long way! Haven't talked to you in forever!
I'm holding back the tears. OUR BOYS<3 i filmed the one thing performance so im putting it up on tumblr.
#stopkony should be a TT until he is brought to justice
I can quote every episode of George Lopez. Not sure if I should be proud or ashamed.
2 new listings, pictures coming soon!
Cool wallpaper you've got on your phone!
I'm not sure I was aware that boy bands are still a thing. EEk.
Your pics will help visually prove a point (in a very pretty way): only use sizes as a GUIDELINE when shopping. Thank you!
My only hope for this San Francisco trip is that can see Frank Chu protesting in person.
When it comes to turning out movies, I'm for Hollywood. -- Jeffrey Hunter
nice airball paul pierce
Great! Disney
Congrats to supporting on some Florida dates.
i adore sleep. that is all.
I don't want to play draw something with you if you just write the word.
people are so predictable, I hate humanity
NO tausha thinks when we talk a lot i get extra diva-ish
Raiola was a student of mine at Nebraska in the late 1990s, so I'll go with that.
What the hell is that? lol
we'd still love you to make that post! LFA DMV facebook page, if you're willing
“: #Libra Motto: Think outside the box.” Always!!! Imagination is key ; )
lol how long is he keeping it?
What's it of?
RT : If 3 or more clients ask you a ?, create a video about it. [< YES!!]
Oh, yes, CenterNet is perfect. Thanks!
The dictator was hilarious!
Are the X-Games at Sunburst this year? Why are they only hitting one rail when they have a full mountain of terrain? Boring.
Don't be with a guy who doesn't want anyone to know your together. He probably has other girls he is seeing besides you.
God fucking damn it.
Body for Life Day One! Here we go.
There are pix on my FB page of GLAAD but they suck; time for a new phone! :-P
I can't get the following song lyric out of my mind this morning: I'll be burning rubber, you'll be kissing by a**! And I have no idea why.
As long as I'm alive, maybe I'll die for you
“: Just had to offroad this golf cart to get around some old ladies lol #watchout” texting and driving?
no problem! Let's do next Monday. 10am? My schedule is open until 3.
and nothing motivates me more than when someone underestimates me or is a naysayer :)
Tomorrow is going to be one hell of a rough day.
These girls have me rotf!
i hate funerals
"Clowns to the left of me/Jokers to the right/Stuck in the Middle w you"
totally! i've sort of been lagging in keeping up the games with but this sounds nice. p.s. let's be friends
by judging the crowd here i thought i was in tampa for a minute.
Bout to start drinking them Charlie browns waiting for the spurs lakers game. I'll probably be wasted by then
Accidentally watched Sarah Jessica Parker's "I Don't Know How She Does It." Should have been titled "I Don't Know Why She Did It."
. tell Mr. Buckley not to generalize all #lobbyist as those that provide bribes to Members of Congress. You should know better.
Future NBA players probably.
Hi all! Did you have a good weekend?
lmao where u at
after being told the wrong flight time by cheaptickets .com I'm on the road again, only a day later. San Fran to Balt. be home tonight!
Yeah. These copmuters are really causing issues for both cops and those who try to mute them.
Looking for healthy fish choices? Try wild Alaskan sockeye salmon, sardines and trout.
Jus by talking to youu, youu made my day(:
That's a great one!! RT: "Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work." - Aristotle via [Yess!!]
I've been working next to Grand Central for 4 years and just discovered the food court underneath it....what's wrong with me?
You should get to follow me :) lol.
I've heard of speculative fiction, but I don't really know what it is...
I read the book #GameChange The movie covers only part of the book. The Clinton part of the book was pretty shocking
What are you working with in the software when this behavior occurs? Recording? Editing?
#onlyskinnyppl go to planet fitness put baby oil on look in the mirror and not lift a damb weight
marry the night <3
#HartOfDixie was cute!! I say go with George.
Watching the UW hockey game :)
I just saw that on t.v. !
#teenageemoticon #teenageemoticon. Maybe it is a beauty mark
A goal can never be accomplished without a basic starting point
Oh my gosh I hate what they did to Becky. and Quinns back to being a bitch. ugh.
I just need you, to say everything is okay..
Get organised and create more bench space by ensuring your small parts are neatly stored by partnering your bench with a range
About to head up to #cafe24... I'm hungry and work in 5 hours.. Hbu?
Nate hit Reece in the back of the head with a shovel and he is in the hospital
In need of a low-cost beachfront wedding ceremony/reception venue. Any thoughts? Thank you!
I'll make that the title of the piece I'm writing.
what a great crew 2 work w/this week on #cfaleadercast love working with pros who just happen 2 be your great friends...it was my pleasure
I saw her before I read the headline and thought the EXACT same thing.
NCAA finals MOP as well, correct? Lost to Magic in '79.. Not sure if that even counts
What was your favorite hoop memory as a kid?
I always think somethings are to good to be true, That is why I couldn't bring myself to fall for you <3
I swear if any drama hits me again, ima do something its hard to hold back& do nothing but im here to show who's the better person.
Watching the Heat and Pacers game and Heat better step it up right now, if they want to win the game
releasing lil zac official Music video tonight
The High Five!
#RUwriting Formulating this year's Christmas story, featuring an elf and a sugar plum fairy.
.......shut it. no but serioulsy. we're getting tattoos. save your money bitches.
Zips is 18.
#Boilermaker on the mound for my
lol i dint think of that.like im waiting for my fr
o ok i got u
YOur God father the Man, bryant hewitt-could not get in to see his God Son Perform. left message with you with box office
Collaborate Without Complexity: SharePoint Mobile Workflow Platform for iPad and Android Released by Formotus
I was told that we had a leprechaun sighting in our house today.
Plays posted so far from 60 services and consensus just hit on FIU with another update coming it may not hold...will see
Reading all of these mother's day cards just makes me realize how much I miss that gorgeous woman! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
RT Center Grove Sound System won the lawrence central classic by 120 points
sounds like the Old Port is stop you need to make!! Portland waterfront + lobster rolls =
bout to take pics with this webcam.
'So how was your weekend brotha?' 'Ah, another blind date with a Brazilian super model and 54 holes at Pebble' - convo - Braunie & Aaron R
Since I have been in L.A. I have had three auditions in Portland...
; let's go shopping..this time from your computer. XD
you won't!
We are excited about our Staff potluck!!!
Sports & Biz are a lot alike. You can't become great alone & even if you could it wouldn't be as fulfilling. Moral: Build up your team!
Just give in! RT My goodness, the treadmill at is stuck on Two and a Half Men.
“: My husband loves me more for how devastated I am by a sporting event. #Marchsadness”
#nicolegolfchat what's been most improved part of ur game this season?
so true about technical support. At Dell a manger gave me his office number because i was complaing too much about customer service
Justin biebers song boyfriend >>>>
chance to meet w/yer favorite SM blogger?
should be surprising but isn't. They don't care about Whitney all they care shout is the money.
College? Why so expense?
only if you care or unless your busy.
Hey Dylan(: how are you? I love you!!!(:
No call yet between and , Boehner tells , but 'we've exchanged voice mails.'
What's #nowplaying? SHOUT IT OUT!
Happy Hour August 18. 6 - 8 PM. Make it happen!
We are open for lunch from 11-3. Stop by and fill your belly with some good food this afternoon.
Its storming. No power. Not allowed in my house. Waiting for the police to get here.
Good Morning Twitter! Its way to early to be up but I've got to get my lil man ready and off to school! I really hope this day goes by fast!
Well almost Friday
thank you for following, twitter put a limit on who i can follow back.. i am trying to get it removed.
we need more points! Donate before midnight to help rally us to Rd.2
hey boo(: follow me
You should go to Hoot Fest! (:
Make sure to tune in! RT : REMINDER: Our "Town Hall on International #Investment" w/ 's and Yohannes up next
Almost #HH you can do it! Just think $1 #Bartab drinks...soon lol DM your email and I'll hook you up! Your hard work needs to be rewarded!
today, that guy was the same guy.
I know its odd but I am missing your hair, see you soon!
always am! ;) We need to catch up soon!
A Plus Warehouse now distributes medical carts by Lakeside. These are excellent carts used in major hospitals. Learn all about this new m
That song still goes hard!
Want to see Friday in st Pete....who wants to go with me???
Tonight is ART MURMUR in Oakland! FATAL jewelry will be set up guerilla stylie. Keep you posted on my location :)
Just had a warm chocolate cake with ice cream and a cold bottle of water.
automatic A on english paper only if we hand it in?
you're right! There's still time. Thanks bro! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
dude. it was the worst.
E-mail me @ for more info about "Love Repair",the movie event, this Sunday March 27th.
Ima put it down , you gon fall in love.
#wino! Nice work
lol, of course, I'm sure she'll love a photo shoot, and Tinara's sisters too.
Self-care is never a selfish act—it is simply good stewardship of the only gift I have, the gift I was put on earth 2 offer 2 others -Palmer
Well Tigers and winning and Csan just chucked a throw into left field. And the offense is making a jelly armed Pavono look like Jack Morris
there are a couple of places in Millenium Park -- I know the outside one has a bar with tv. not sure about wifi, tho
>>true!!! Lol. Ricon soon my friend..I know u pheenin for those rice n beans!!!
nope. a local credit union
Happy Easter from our family to yours! :)
Digital development communications co-founder Colby Gottert takes the stage #TEDxDupont | using videos to disseminate develp. innovations
Everyone enjoy the weekend! Let me know if anything is going on in Vegas I need to know ! Much love
#MBFacebookNames <------- LMFAOOOO WE GOT THIS SHIT TRENDING i AM SO #DONE WITH TM
": You can always tell who ya real friends are just by observing certain shit."
i do not
Leather Feather mastering on Monday.
I made a promise, that i would never fuck up having you in my life.
i need to follow me
no problem :D
"If they want to do it and they're excited about doing it, it will happen" -Tommy on the importance of faculty #EdTech PD
I'm donating my copy to Support your library, support Arts and Sciences! #reading Please RT
yea we will get some cool Canadian music here in Nashville :)
Thanks for the follow! Pretty boxes!
Happy Valentines Day!!!
& just hooked me up w/#KrushGroove tickets! I'm in there excited to c & more! Happy B-Day 2 me! ON!
Pride and prejudice: How you are proud determines whether you&#39;re racist
that song brings back tons of memories!"
MT ... 57 degrees tonight 5 to 8 [at our Third Friday #SanDiegoFoodTrucks Extravaganza, going on now! Come get some!]
I can't wait to see cry tonight after his team gets waxed
what size bra are you?
“: so only a handful of people, gotcha” Bottom of the league or not, 13,538 avg is a tad more than a handful
@ k8rasman Good luck! My stylist says use shampoo every 4 days if your hair starts to feel greasy.
Susan Cooper is an engaging speaker and someone came down from Upstate New York to hear her.
How you spend your day is how you spend your life.
Man how the weather changes so quick
i need that Winnie the Pooh intro on cd.. i could wake up to that tune every morning!
I want to get dashed against the rocks when I come to Sxsw, when I see a new band I've never heard before.
I think about the day I met the perfect stranger...The sun was shining on you, the Lord was smiling on me...
you are the heart and soul of the
Dare to reach out your hand into the darkness, to pull another hand into the light. ~Norman B. Rice
dude, it's way too early for anything! What are you doing up!?? Also, number totes saved.
Seeing BCBGs new lines
ughughugh. WHY CAN'T I DRIVE ALREADY?
it's after the game I think per mysa.com
ha yeah, sure it does! it's a metablog afterall
i looked pretty til i went to visit cara. talking to her draws on my emotions so hard, my tears and snot ruined everything!
pretty busy. Being a butthead is time consuming
im just in one of the moods i feel like f___ . :p
I am the worst decision maker ever.
what you want is what you get
we're checking to see if we can sell them online!
you gotta fight for your right to party and watch horses run around a track.
that's only part of happiness,to me.If u know where u can go,where life&god can/could have taken u,why be content with this?
ME NEITHER ! Mine he's too cheap for both of us.
What's cooler then being in a hotel where ur brother is outside on a stakeout?
Chickfila is wrong for that banana pudding shake. Wrong! Do not succumb to its deliciousness.
any graphics I can help you with?
Congrats Sydney Smith on your new recruit today!
When do you think you will get to play the movie Freshman Father with ? Its one of my favorites!
haha how about you do A work and then it is not even an issue! Chocolate is just not good. White chocolate or vanilla thumbsup
When your last three tweets mention me.
Just when you think you're free, you realise you never stood a chance. - Emily
Sutton: If you are one boss that has one loser after another, take a look in the mirror.
So do you race then?
I hope u get some sand in ur soul today
I heard it was tomorrow. Everyone on Tumblr saying it's tomorrow, but it could be because of time difference.
“: I so enjoy a man that can show emotion and isn't afraid to cry... Congrats bubba” me too :) awesome
JOSH JUST KILLED IT. DAMN
Just enjoyed great talk by James Brett, founder of the Museum of Everything (). "We're alive to make things."
thanks Neil!
The paint on these paintings I haven't touched in over a year is definitely dry.
I remember wen I first made a twittering it was a roast fest for a minute lol we was all goin in
Last couple quotes from #Baldwin on #SOPA: I’d love to see us be able to take some positive steps forward to confront online piracy (....)
yep, in pioneer sq
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. -Aristotle
Hey Spring Solstice! Go back to your country!
on the East side- considering beauty bar @ 1 am for Andrew WK
Outpost for Contemporary Art will feature artist Eamon Ore-Giron's designs at T-shirt Revival Night, 7-10 TONIGHT! Old shirts, new designs!
They call that as often as they call interference, last time I saw that called I was playing Blades of Steel.
Validate if systems worked by monitoring what the villagers say about their water points.
Wedding planning pow-wow. This is what my Friday nights have become.
text me i cant find your #
[Campus Bulletin] u[sic]ga had Saturday classes today to make up for the snow closings. Will you please stop complaining to us now?
"oh, you're THOSE doctors. You said pediatrics and the light went on."
Is it just me, or are flowers way more expensive in the hood?
thats bc they are fans and he be looking sexy anyway so it dont matter lol
I dont give a shit anymore, think what you think, believe what you want, but remember i cared when no one else did.
the GW Parkway Classic. And thanks for the suggestion -- I'll check those out!
Oh, going to be a longer night than I anticipated! I will not let this blog venture presentation kick my ass!
lol maybe, I did a marilyn Monroe portrait spend a month drawing it brought it home from school for the dogs to pee on it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Got my recorder player working. First song, "What a Fool Believes" by the Doobie Brothers. Yes, Michael McDonald sings that one.
Pluhowski speaking. Evolving customer needs;3desires: seamless anytime/anywhere experiences.Easy access.Multiple connections
Oh, by all means. Let's trot out Tony Blair again.
any Chicago bands looking for a Jan show?
an honest politician
i kno im funny
She came with yu now shez leaving with me whahha .. Im really sorry i just cant do nothing about it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
really weird. Peyton has been a class act the entire time. I think he's done in Indy sadly. Hate to see it going like this.
Never been on twitter jail
Going to see at #Bunkers tonight in #Minneapolis. Anyone want to join me?
Thank you to all the MUHS alums from 1961 to 1931 for celebrating the Summit Club Mass/Dinner tonight !! A tweeturn would be amazing!
Need help with APA? The Tutoring Center will be doing a workshop on APA on May 22nd at 3 pm in Room 236. Don't miss it!
Happy Thanksgiving! Have a wonderful Holiday! Remember to take some time and really think about what you are thankful for!
"Her life was in their hands. Now her toe is in the mail."
Firehook Bakery offers a bakery catering menu for breakfast & lunch, including dessert trays and special occasion cakes.
Baby boomers retiring daily + per day for the next 17 years....join Co-Author of "Success On God's Terms" Gerald D. Rogers this week
Because has been empowering women for 125 years now, we want to wish all women - Happy International Women's Day!
We're honored to have and Mayor Reardon in attendance at the groundbreaking today.
where u at
Thank goodness it's #FollowFriday! Add us
Lol RT : with all the smog and polution... The rain smell like death
I’m finding out how many slaves work for me in the global supply chain. What’s your slavery footprint?
My memories are just of being able to say "pop" before I was robbed of this youthful joy by being surrounded by East Coasters.
the haunting aroma of popcorn you smell in the #twoffice was me. I did it on purpose. Get poppin!
i would tell u. But u always ignore my text messages :P
Oh yes. Will definitely try that one. Will let you know once I get the chance to make it.
Need some good convo wit a female I ant talked too
Visited Lambeau today. No sign of #12. No sign of anyone, truth be told. Tomorrow, on to the Hall of Fame!
Dear SF 49ers - it would really mean a lot to the city of Baltimore if you could beat the Steelers tonight. Merry Christmas,
KEY to SUCCESS: Don’t let barriers lock you down. Turn to strategies, plans & tactics that reach across boundaries + lead to collaboration.
Curious to know how #OccupySD is affecting the
Banana Commerce: Watching KUSI special re: port in San Diego: Over 185 million pounds of bananas are transported thru port each MONTH.
not true I was there too and you wore happy and successful
Shenhua-Shandong stalemate as Anelka sits out : Wild East Football
Rexy. Lions look legit. Booked your trip to the Superbowl yet?
Let's talk about Romantic Comedies - #RomCom It is Valentine's Day weekend after all! #VDay - What are your favorite RomComs? HIGH FIDELITY
I have also incorporated my red velvet into a gluten-free cupcake so all you don't miss out on this amazing cupcake
12-year-olds to be allowed to hunt alone
shiny-Flirt, matte-Stila(its a crayon) or Nars, just good Morpho. Still searching for perfection and have tried dozens...
Maybe its just me, but the acronym IMO is pretty damn annoying. Youre already stating something thats your opinion, typing IMO is redundant
all morning I kept thinking, "i wonder what kind of cool shit I get to do today."
Hi I wanna wear yo pants.
What Kinda Face Iz Dat Bro????
oh, btw, I love your user name(:
Throw in to too and there their to..I mean too!!
I see that is seeking #LoveNotes. Your anniv story is perfect.
They all on yo dick I'm all on my own.
RT : Join #NPtalk now through 1pm to learn how your #nonprofit can use video for its #fundraising efforts.
haha , me to! when do you get outt? we get out tommorroooww .
Good Morning #STEELERNATION..HOPE EVERYONE HAS A GREAT DAY!
actually it did! it went nice and smooth.. I was surprised. wish I could go back in time and do it again :)
RT : . absolutely killing it at #azec11. *Every* entrepreneur should watch him speak about Entrepreneurship 2.0
I wanna see battleship when it come.out.!
In Target kids clothing section and trying to refrain from tossing the x-large of everything Harajuku Mini into the cart...
lol thanks champ
too funny. Might want to switch ur defensive settings from tactical to legacy.
Apparently has more followers than me. This is unacceptable.
Looking @ houses took a little longer than we planned. In for sure next week. Text me your schedule for next week, we'll hang
*I not No
you forgot about me . damn , i'm hurt !
so jealous! cap a girl one too lol
so pack silk boxers,a lighter(4 candles)and my sexy self! Sounds right. When should I arrive..am or pm?
just in case you were wondering, hog casings look like really really long condoms. also, you should never watch sausage being made.
did you just see me stuck in that maze cursing up a storm? Yea, that was me
It was nice to join you and the family for dinner... Thanks for the great dinner. XO=]
sugar free vanilla
Purchasing James Durbin's debut cd out today!!!!!!!
Enjoy! You earned it. But it must seem surreal.
its all good haha just threw me off, thought I double booked something
I heard espn3.com streams it.
My girlfriend is the best at giving full body massages :D.
I'll tell him you said that. :)
My sleep track is so messed up from the band trip. Now I have to get up at 3... Cool.
Thanks for the follow Jeff. Right back at ya!
#chubbys here we come...
Another week at copper penny. This one starts in Washington DC at United Public Policy Meeting.
nah. I dont like them for many a reason. They don't get my time of day to even think about them enough to do something like that.
I think jake isn't going to get taken away from his dad.
Cant wait till I get my iphone 4s!
Valentine's Day Fill-In-The-Blank: If I could pick one musician to be my valentine today - I'd pick _________________.
Everyone follow
I love you (:
Really AT&T Advertising? Need to cancel an account and someone will get back to us in SEVEN TO TEN DAYS???
it was lovely.
Breakfast Time :)
oh. Well I mean everyone is getting kicked out of there cars, not just seniors. At least you only have 2 days left of it.
quote of the night..."that's why we're so rich!!" lol I've never bit my tongue so hard!!!
11.5 hours of sleep last night!!!!
SF users. Anyone near Hana Zen? If so take a quick pic of the rest. & upload to Easy way to make some extra cash.
So very tired, I'm gonna pass out watching Invader Zim. Goodnight and Geek Dreams to you.
NEED PROTEIN...
your show is gonna be rockin' tonight. We're coming!!! Pushing through the crowd for your beautiful face. You're welcome.
I was raised in a very LOUD/honest family.
I need to Bring Back Ringer
I couldn't agree more
you like so much of Brazil, right? I can send something Brazilian for you, a gift if you want! :)
yes i am because i dont have any friends lololol
we do? Where is it? “: Do you know #Chicago has a neighborhood call Pill Hill?”
rumble in the tumbly.. Gave in to my 7-11 craving. Verdict = taquito? Never more.
there so many places !! Who would not LOVE to work at lol ! do you ever come to Miami ?? Let me know :)
I am happy to announce that is also C2MW! Can't wait for you guys to meet!
also, thanks for running for Grad Liaison and representing grad students! there's a endorsement coming your way :)
There's an alarm going off in repati's office at Johnston hall. THIS BUILDING IS SO CREEPY AT NIGHT!
If you saw them you would understand
I think there's a chance we're setting a FB record. We've been stuck on 376 likes for a week. And, yup, that was a hint..
well you still on the team. We need to to get together
Going to talk Week 4 NFL Matchups w/ ON AIR on the Fantasy Pros 911 early show tomorrow at 6:15am EST!
on the 1's and 2's tonight!
done recordin i might drop my mixtape tama or tonight
Funny, I read that one more as a post-feminist critique on the breast milk trope in "Little Women."
Fucking grossed out. Im not sleeping in here tonight.
I'm looking forward to that.
Almost there!
Working on an article on this very thing--do you mind sharing your stat source? Many thanks!
A4: After my wife finished crying a/b the P&G ad, she said that's the kind of ad that would get me to consider purchasing something
Being a #smallbiz owner, does your business have an advisory board?
yeah! My main sport is basketball but i think in high school im gonna play both! But in college ill most likely play bball!
just got home. im hyper. don't go to crickets
Haha, I know I know. But did you watch the first segment of the show!? You'd feel bad too.
What's with all the flannel on a 95 degree humid day? Three people spotted and it's not even 8am!
nice work getting re-tweeted by !
Merry Christmas Everyone
You are officially my favorite Canadian.
you got precise drop can you send me a link for your radio show.
So i guess Mike Brown won't be coaching lakers anymore, since they're gonna lose tonight right?
NP God Given Name
Good day sunshine #smgirlfriends - hope you all get outside before the SoCal rain hits us manana!
Thanks man. Having no time will do that to ya! You need to come on sometime. Let's plan.
#songsiwillnevergettiredof George Michael - Careless Whisper
question for San Diego employers? Where is best place to advertise jobs?
It's those chairs. You guys are like 15 feet high -- you had to awkwardly fold your arms for balance.
now abc don't show an abbreviates season of ! give us the full season!!! hot, hot, hot
on for #foreveryogurt tonight??
"Current College Students Struggle to Survive Rising Tuitions". Be sure to have enough money saved to account for fee increases each year.
natural-health-magazine-deals - Surviving the Stores: Hot deal on Natural Health Magazine! ... 1 Comment. TODAY only, you can get a s...
Today, that same process looks very different
Sorry no Google+ hangout, connectivity on base is a challenge :(
everyone seems to be making great points, and real discussion is happening. I like that.
Someone make me a chocolate cake, I'm cravin it
OK INSTEAD OF A NIGGA MAKIN THINGS RIGHT AT HOME HE RATHER MAKE THINGS WORSE BY GOIN OUT..FUCKN
"To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts." - Henry David Thoreau
You mad so what! Build a bridge an ge over it!
Ha! Glad it wasn't just me!! RT : I seriously thought the same thing!
#WhenSummerComes My Planns Is To Spend It All With YOU <3
I miss a lot of people from king more than I thought I would, kinda wish we could have just hung out all year, instead of studied
Serious pizza before the show.
no lo supero
God the south is fucked up.
Craving a cinnamon & sugar cupcake from big time!!
#SometimesYouHaveTo do the hard thing because it's the right thing
Must make breakfast... but I'm so sleepy from chasing goats to make him dinner!
Happy birthday! I've loved my 30s so far, hope you do too.
Sorry I missed your tweet about video interviews sunday, buddy. Call for volunteers at next GA maybe?
About to take Spikey for a little morning walk :)
Off and running. Looking forward to a busy morning.
Who wants to play a game? Guess the lyrics or fill in the lyrics? Comment below which one you'd rather do. -Sara
"Bang Someone Like You" sounds like Britney Spears covering Adele.
yeah "class of 2013"
What are you most looking forward to this summer?
who denied it? link?
Costs are often easier to gauge than sales. I'd rather estimate sales conservatively.
Around the #RVA metro I would be surprised if anybody saw over a light coating or "trace". For the snow lovers, it's better than nothing!
I should have done this a long time ago!
ha! it was pretty cool. I think they said that trike weighed something like 300lbs. crazy!
Having to do things I don't want to do has never been something I've ever been good at doing.
hahahah where can we call you?
Looks like you can go do jail for Facebook usage...haha goo.gl/cGYBK
#np 1D what makes you beautiful :))
1-year anniversary show tonight! NWSports tonight
#dcmi10 Mike Bergman: Many mapping predicates should be approximate. owl:sameAs a nuclear warhead.
by trending "Get Austin Mahone Verified" :)
why put anything on the web at all? what are the institutional aims?
nice! I'm actually trying to go to UMKC law
Guys. Irons are hot.
I have to say I am not but there have been plenty on games I would go and buy at midnight , so I dont blame you !!!!!
Who will be at the David Guetta show February 8th? Who's getting laid to be there?? This guy!
don't with driving classes and incars<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> #yaaay #onemoremonth<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097>
I'm going to stock up on Twinkies and cupcakes.
Vamp D Producer : "Ten more seconds to shave off the season finale and we're done. Its last ten minutes are pretty darn crazy."
check twitter. check facebook.
The Knicks have given up, so why shouldn't the fanbase?
cool mine is leah roche (awesomness) its a pic of me with purplish lipstick on im not online tho lols
My stomach feels full but I still want to eat some real food. Have to get use to these fruit/veg shakes .
it's peanut butter time
your picture makes you look like a whore :P
WTF? What's broken?
remove tenure, provide high quality PD and implement and monitor change, utilize true PLCs.
I cried with happiness in my dream because you said you loved me again……
Frank Vogel talking crap about the it's gonna be some extra fuel for this series
Omfg adorable! I'm so making some of my own!
Fire? Oh Lawdy! RT : Somebody need to pull this firealarm... This lady tripping.
Would love to connect at #ctia and chat. Please DM me. Thanks
With www.S2YD.com, you can have any one of 45 restaurants delivered right to your door in under an hour in Madison. Check us out!!!
what up g
Investors enjoy the win-win
School. Work. Sleep. Repeat.
I just wanna eat a bunch of food right now.
Whoo~ yard sale! Stop by and say hi! :D
Funny how easily people can fall out of your life.
The library just emailed me saying Fifty Shades of Gray was available for me. Even free, do I want to waste my time?
I know you're like fiasco's biggest fan
I'm so excited for you- this is a whole new chapter :)
People always starting rumorss... damn do people have a life tho??
Now offering our same great services in two locations: Atlanta and Douglasville!!!! Call (678) 653-1883 for more information...
special thanks to those original follows I never mentioned because I am so not twitter savvy....yet!
'umm can I have a dozen Biscoffs?'
#MustFollow she's
did u see my email re yrbk? If not see me in am some ad notes for u.
I'm on in about 5 minutes! Tune in now to Channel 2 News to see me answer your #legal questions on their 'Ask A #Lawyer' segment!
Yo , I'm heading from Madison to Milwaukee today for your show at the I can haz ride with you?
are they the girls vlados?
Associated Press has reported Whitney Houston has died at 48 years old! So sad, more tonight on 10 on ABC5.
thanks for the #ff!!
WOW. My vagina is super pissed at politicians right now. Mostly Republicans.
Wow, the confusion and frustration since we all don't speak spanish and english.. Should you speak spanish? Or everyone else speak english?
Love this show! Only competition show I watch...
Karma is only a bitch if you are.
Looking for a nice Irish love song to play today XD
YES. Gave me chills.
Cannot wait for game 6 of the #WorldSeries woo!
I repair musical instruments part-time and am a distributor for Lifemax, the makers of Mila
Ugh derricks rose is gone damn damn ECL hop he,get better
Need help? U can now txt us reports of greedy bosses. 720-440-2765...
Flash mob, charleston, February....
Congratulations, class of #Marist2016 ! Follow & learn more about the exciting heritage of your new school
: That's great! I'm speaking on College Application Essay Writing 101 at the Sudbury Library, May 23 at 7 pm. Spread the news!
Born & raised in Madison, working on the insomnia :-)
Thanks to everyone who supported ALPFA Milwaukee's churro sale!
Bringing back some fresh spring wines to the proud one! O lalala!
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large
Fuck take your child to work. Mall c:
haha I know you broke up with him! …I'm soo proud:)
Mayweather is getting tired
Never let the odds keep you from doing what you know in your heart you were meant to do.
And......everyone in Philly vomits....
I think I'm gonna go to college and major in Religion so I can be a preacher. And I may change my username on here.
oh yea that far...all my friends live so far from me :'''(.....
Looks dope
thanks I had fun I'm on my way home now :)
one per bag. sorry. doesn't have time to make any more. well, she needs to make 6 more. but that's it for now
Happy new years<3
Halftime: #CLIPPERS 39 - Grizzlies 38.. Players to the locker room.. me to the shower!! Be right back!!
You make me smile! And you are such an empowering, inspiring woman.
Q: What's the range of a tuba? A: Twenty yards if you've got a good arm!
Thankful for the MYC band and singers!
drive carefully, my good man.
Did Carson Daly say "Justin Bieber is backstage dying?" OMG! I hope Bieber doesn't die!
: if Yes is the answer, what was the question?!
You're #MyWish . Follow me, never change! I love u so much! You're incredible, I want cry when i hear your songs kisses5. *-*
Nothing like a little Belgian beer to revitalize the palate. Thanks to
This thing in my belly ( aka Outlaw) will not stop dancing. I find this incredibly annoying. GO TO SLEEP little one!!!
hahahaha not a cute girl in that joint!!
EW OLIVES..... Yuck.
RT Check out our ads on the Support the #Homeless #Children and Youth Act (H.R. 32) in CQ and Roll Call today!
I want a boyfriend That's exactly like i think he's just absolutely amazing!:)
Yo mamma is so stupid she went to the orthodontist to get a bluetooth.
There is NO way that's a venue! Is it really?
I just found out how we can have 2 six month vacations every year!
What's your favorite hold'em hand?
Braces today ! No !
spent time with some incredible students at Booker T Washington High School for the Performing & Visual Arts yesterday.
When Stretching Is A Bad Idea
- Please also follow us - Pittsburgh
Lol! "Get off my cloud!" Ain't it the truth though? :)
Predict Newt wins GA, RS wins OK, MR takes AK, VT, MA, ID, ND, VA
. I really hope you're not getting poured on right now! :\
will be playing at #RevolutionSaturdays . Follow him now to stay updated on his shows!
thanks for the "favorite"!!!! And likin the new twitter name (liked the old one, too haha)
Stumbled upon original programming #Battleground which was quite fun and enjoyable. Then got sucked in to Shawn Doyle fluff
Yael Sternhell's Routes of War: The World of Movement in the Confederate South (Harvard University Press, 2012). It rocks.
i like the iced mocha, although i don't like the whipped cream and sometimes it's too bitter. it varies.
Lmao going back & reading my old tweets aaahh funny!
MAA TV Chairman Nimmagadda Prasad arrested by CBI. Actually, I would punish him for telecasting Athadu and Chatrapathi thousands of times!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash EB Beltline between Rimrock and John Nolen. Use caution in that area.
Yep kinda switches up in the middle wanted to see if u thought it was too much
"Das Boot"...A movie or the ramification's of not paying your tickets in Chicago? Somebody invented the Denver boot and the world cried
whatever you do, dont mix it with some rufies...then you're just asking for a sore ass in the morning.
{takes 's hand} Warton meet Moo {gestures to Moo}. Moo meet Major Warton Whitlock. He eats people unlike people eating cows
I would never!
Mad Men NO!
Do you really wanna love me forever or is it just a hit an run ? (;
I think April's almost asleep woot cause im ready for bed myself ^.^
of course :)
with the Cow as one of the stops! Come watch them complete the Cow challenges while enjoying a cold one. Giddy Up!
oh I know lol
“: A homeless man followed Niall around Venice beach for 30 minutes,asking him for money & Niall gave him 45 dollars.
So glad everyone from was able to stop by last night, had a blast!
wearing the same red tie every day.
Did someone say drama?
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 7
Good mornin tweeps feelin way better then yesterday #Refreshed y'all have a good day....
Play Me In Draw Something Username: AnthonyConroy
Breakfast at the hospital!
cutest couple pretty much ever <3 so stop hiding it haha
next. im going to be in phoenix this weekend
Loving #DerbyonNBC constant on-screen integration for #KentuckyDerby coverage on
I practice until successfully #
Can't wait for The Amazing Spiderman. I think Spiderman is my favorite super hero.
One extra Big Pour early session ticket for sale for face ($65) DM me, meet outside the pour at 11:30. Please RT
I love how suspended players in the NFL can appeal their suspension to the man that handed down the suspension. Real fair process.
It was nice to finally meet , , and I feel like I've heard so much about you lot!
Yes! See you there! RT : On way to KC! Looking forward to seeing good friends & being inspired by energetic family docs
Big game tomorrow night vs. MSU can't wait. Team seems very relaxed. I like it!!
the assembly todayy
"skipping gym" in the lockerroom.
I miss the !!! When will she be back?!
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear obama hope and change
Want a DJ to hop on this new mixtape but I dont got time for bs holla at me if u interested or know someone who would b
#Myboyfriend treats me like a princess. :D I love it <3
Inspiring story of a town reinventing itself after destruction!
Who do you think wins the series between Yanks and BoSox? 1 Hour until the game airs on ESPN!
Miss my GirlFriend already 42112 <3
The Voice, really? REALLY?!?? ;-)
Follow me got bored with it for a cpl years but im back on
....so much is overrated.
just copped #controlsystem off iTunes thank you
Only one slice of angel food cake (with strawberry compote) left!
Having a great time at D&B (:
Hearing anonymous callers talking about their regrets on da radio makes me feel a lot better about my life. They cuttin up on,GCI
Whoa, cool! Where'd you get it? I have a Who-vian friend with a birthday approaching...
gotto get to work ! Talk later tonite if your on .
Need to play the man. Newman has glass jaw - focus to be on his poor financial mgt at City Hall re: trans-apex Will send QLD broke
we will definitely be doing g+ on the next Lote. Yell if you want invites
Absolutely! RT : Any room for stowaways, in that party wagon?
haha real funny were u stay so i can come over there and whip ur ass
hahahahaha!!! Just kidding! But we won't have a car! Duh! Get yourself to the party and party with us there!
Am I buying into the hype if I admit wearing wayfarers makes me feel cool?
Ah...darn! Well, you will someday! :)
is in the building. Money well spent #ringofhonor all day
contagious for 24 hours it supposed to go away in 78
thanks! got your e-mail! sorry to clog up your twitter!
Never been to a Korn concert, I am going to check it out tonight.
dear everybody, please follow my bestfriend » ;)
The fact that Cinderella is going back to Broadway makes me so excited!!! #itcouldbeme <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E>
kill da bitch
Swear love is pain in disguise
Soderling,we know u don't like the wind but what can we do against it?!
I know haha but I miss you being terrible at it! I didn't have to try as hard haha
SHAMELESS SELF-PROMOTION!!!!!
Robb finished his leg and handed over the baton to Annie. Still about 5 minutes ahead of schedule. 0.4% to target ... Impressive !
Illusion is the first of all pleasures. Oscar Wilde
Hi Toronto Savings Thanks for the Follow. I'll like to speak to you maybe we can net work and develop a franchise kind of
Great minds think alike. Sometimes I'm too vigilant.
I try not to talk about the highest court in the land on twitter, because the only reasonable way to write it makes me think of ball sacks.
Today is too busy
I really admire your art work!
Thanks! Please do! Let us know what you think on twitter! :)
Danny mac loves the taigers almost as much as a 12 pack af mic ultra
Happy #AprilFoolsDay: Ours isn't the only culture to celebrate silliness. The Romans observed religious holidays called the "hilaria."
Work flow. Day 1 of 18 straight
Trouble brewing in the market--new page added today! www.rocketrobinson.com
Jesse just finished us LAST final at Penn State! Congrats Jesse! Now go blast some Hopes High!
-grabs your hips-
You really should take some time and do some research. You could always give me a call.
Hmm forbidden? I'm not sure...I'll look it up.
I need to make my pizza crust. Don't wanna.
The roads are so slick I almost couldn't tweet this update while driving... JK !!!!
so... how was your #wppi?
It Friday but fell like saturday O.o
I Thoughtt You Was My Everythingg Thaa Wholee Time You Was Someone Else Everything!
That's good! :)
love a girl who has a fat ass. that dnt mind bending over n taking a big dick
#love and DJ Polish Remix
Congrats on the film adaptation!
hi :D
I went to the evil dentist to get my teeth cleaned and my teeth were so dirty that they couldn't get them all cleaned within an hour!! What?
Who says Mad Men is too subtle?
I get these from all of my followers on twitter . When I find more I will let you know & told you google know
These Updates that my Phone have don't be about Nothin.
Im gona start savin up money 2 go 2 Believe again.Maybe ill actually meet u next time if im not chickenshit.ttyl luv loyalbri
I wish I had half as much as she does > RT Big Tiff >>>>. That child so much self esteem & self confidence.
What is up everyone!!! Make sure to visit www.partyslayerz.com for tickets, music and all the info you need!!
What a catastrophe on the Gulf? Drill baby drill drove us to this - deeper water, steeper risks. Hole forms in Obama energy policy.
what I want to know is: how do you make a 1-D flick 3-D? Maybe they'll at least shorten it....
Welcome back everybody! /yd
hm.... like my new bg? lol
290 — The number of entrepreneurs per 100,000 people in the Chicago area.
Not looking good outside. Auntie Em! Auntie Em!
No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as the dog does. ~Christopher Morley
Was the pressure too much? L_S_D?
Actus reas is a guilty act
A completely insane thunderstorm was waiting for me at the top of the u st metro- so, Starbucks mocha before heading heading home it is
Early Voting Starts Today! Please get out and Vote! If you would like to volunteer, have questions or need assistance of any kind please...
Love Housewives of Miami , they are funny ...
you got that smile that only heaven can make i pray to god everyday that you keep that smile!! <33
Thanks for the heads up- we'll look into that right away!
omg *dying* she did!
you HAVE to get the ALL red bag of Starburst jelly beans, they are delicious...but not this week...
Eagerly awaiting the start of the tour.
$6.00 an hour to park in Sydney... Am I getting a foot massage and happy ending too?
^Poojah & : ^Scott was "great-fwd" w/help. No frustrations @ all considering advances in
Taking a long time to shower, just cause you like to stand there, under the warm water, doing nothing
. That's because "Ashley's story" wasn't just selling a candidate, it was selling a war too.
Last night on , a Twat looked like she had a two-on-one with a CandyCane and a PeaCock
Software is like nuclear power, when its good, it's good. When it's bad, its really bad.
There is a girl from Larzalere who was on the Atlanta one... I haven't watched it, but I heard she cries!
Yo homie DM me ya email so i can get this heat to ya.
I personally find it offensive.
a friendly reminder that your game is more than 6 hours old and will end soon (rvzo8)
Got off work...&. I literally spent my whole Saturday in bed ... :(
I never learned any of this in my Crisis Communications class! LOL!
rednecks tryna tell me how to hunt nd shit..
Tending to the sleeping Munchkin upstairs as a cutthroat game of Munchkin begins downstairs. Have fun et al!
One of my favoirte of ur videos is the sims in real life.lmao
Loves it when the coach calls 2 straight QB sneaks with an added bonus of a fumble and a td brought back by a holding call. YES
I need a new book to read! =) Any recos for non-fiction?
when did you get back to NYC?
stomach issues...I just wanna lay in bed all day and be lazy
RT If you're our biggest fan!
haha by accident
I produced some good numbers
haha no. I would have called everybody.
trying twitter for the 1st time.. this is cool
RT : #eLearning content writers need to learn something from fiction writers to better engage their audiences.
thanks man! Cross it up! Haha
Ive thought bout it... Lol would never do it but damn sho thought About it!
Watching prototype this #itsawesomeuhugh<U+E414>
could you follow me?:) I watch your youtube vids all the time:)
Great song. "that's all; I don't think of you that often."
RT on DVD & Blu-Ray: Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol and Shame This week, pickings are slim yet again, but at the very least, most o
Excuse me?
I swear my iPod is the only thing to keep my alive, <3
Don't you hate it when you visually can see the article you want from memory, but can't remember the title or pub name?
Shoutout to y'all sexy dudes out there!!!!!! I c you
For those wondering, don't expect back to tweeting today. The goal wasn't reached, so the return has been delayed yet again.
Dear johns over, time for bed
burt would only appear on the list as turd ferguson - once it hits 20 candidates we'll put it to a vote!
I'm for it. Go LA. ... And Avs. They need to win too.
what's on Colbert?
Neon green cords to work... #toosoon?
Still don't like the #newnewtwitter extra side padding, even after sleeping on it. I'm sure more sleep will make me not care.
Hey are you guys ready for the #skifever show? Ready to see you guys move in soon. Stop by for a sample.
Closed 2 awesome deals today, and have another in the queue, and it isn't even 2:00pm. What what!
network speed test, page rendering from browser, movie playback and keyboard typing / long and detailed thank you!
So what's everyone doing tonight? Any fun events on TV?
hahaha! Did u find this or make it?
OH SNAP, it's October. Where the hell did the time go? Time to start planning Halloween adventures, awyeah
#slipknot is successful by "keeping it original" says band member clown
We'll be tomato tasting this Saturday at Cow by Bear.
and are about to do SHOW!!!! 4 gays boy 1 show... Oh snap... Dont miss this!
Even the toughest stains are nothing for Revolutionary Cleaning yacht and boat cleaning. call now : 866-970-2532
Heading out of the city life for a min for a brief mini vacation!! *wink*
Reminder! St. Patty's Day is this Saturday! :-)
whyd you get a MRI?! And yeah theyre crazy
Yeah you really can't trust women when you can trust your mom bro
My fiance did 80/20 diet during pregnancy & our 5 day old baby is sleeping 6hr at night, rolls to her side, healthy & calm!
Thanks for the #FF & !
Sometimes I think people like making me angry but its ok, because I'm that scary kind of angry that starts off all quiet and then freaks out
“: 51 days left till July 1st.”ndbjsnnkedneckn I'm so excited.
our images would never go viral if not for our extreme height difference. Also helps that you take nice photos.
LMFAO, SHIT FUNNY AND TRUE AS A BITCH
GA TWEOPLES! just took it another level w/their site! Step your social game up musicians!
my sister finally is here in florida and i finally got a car...im so happy !!!!! thanks
your grace is amazing sis!
Think about how many people tour on a bus...usually it's about twelve on board. That's a lot of people hanging around a crash
LOL! You are too funny! Thanks
This weekend is going to be full of sleep and studying for AP exams.
Oh, it's already been proven, it's just a matter of time until Walker is
R.I.P Whitney Houston. So sad!
$5 off your next order when you say you saw us on Twitter! CALL US NOW FOR YOUR SAME DAY DELIVERY or LEGAL COURIER SERVICE! 877-527-5737
That's a ridiculous sexy photo.
Be careful. You're entering dangerous territory.
Calm down!
you see the one when I tried liquor for the first time and took 15 shots in 2 mins I was done
Gotta have more thin just good looks gotta no how to cook
Shout outs check em out!
This study hall class sucks so bad... you arnt even aloud to listen to music...
alright cool i cant wait to hear:)
Pulled out from under the bed past lecture notes for an upcoming CultureinPeril post. Nerdy? Excessive? Essential? Perhaps all three!
About to tweet from USC Teaching With Technology conference #usctwt12 to hear
RDA will fix that! And MARC will yield to linked data! And ILS redesigns will surely follow! :)
I would love to bring my seven yr old!!
Boo to you.
So if u like corn come lol
Thanks Dean. Your a true friend. I am working through it. I just feel pretty used up at the moment and don't have much to give.
ad tech leaders at #RTTS12 today - great line-up and catch-up
That moment when you catch eye contact with someone who you might begin history with<3
The 18 pack & 150 Pack are the most cost effective for shipping but can always be tweaked a little.
Richie is here!!
I think of my life, and where I would be without out my mother
The work from home trainer's uniform: pajama bottoms and a tank top!
Well, that exam went well..
ariess a goodgirl? puh fine i get it even though i ditch for you :/ but whatever , we got thurs. >.>
Your welcome:)
We got some shows coming up! June 15th At The Crocodile Rock in Allentown PA w/ Nocturnal Me! July 10th at The Chance in Poughkeepsie NY!
yes! That would be fun
Getting better over the flu, but have somethimg on my mind wish I had a girl to confide in or just speak to :"(
#NowPlaying Liquor-Store Blues
Stealth snow! Something I don't remember from last winter, or have successfully blocked out.
I think you can just connect your phone to the computer and it should all sync up... right?
Get free promotion for yourself on the url on my page. let's trade follows. interested? :)
I miss buying #random purposeless dvds.
Welcome home to !!
lets get those drops done when you have tim brotha
We in this bitch
Like now, listen to the accompaniment in the low strings. It will return in the 3rd mvmt
We are always searching for the thrill of it
Weekend can't come any faster.
we did take a picture though!
Seeing The Avengers today with the team! It's our day off so we figure a few hrs of fun is okay :-)
watching Sarah Silverman with friends
Noisy nights are the most relaxing
RT : Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. Abraham Lincoln. ...
yeah totally! With shoes from target and puffy paints!
Sweet gig, dude! Congratulations!
:P how was your day on my birthday? Hope it was fantastic! :P
Lucky to have gotten in 18 with before the much needed rain really came.
#IHateToBreakItToYou but shaving off your eyebrows, Then drawing them with a black pencil doesnt make them any better.
Trying to touch my mustache is like dropping the soap in the shower
shot me out of the sky
First semester of college, every student should be a server/waiter/waitress. Learn to be polite.
in end of November
yes lol. Baby in a microwave?
well said Vza! RT : Warmed my heart to see old school KG tonight. There is still hope in the East for a Finals w/out Lebron.
DYING to go to the MADMEN event and very sad it's sold out. Any way to still get a ticket?
A smile can change the world.
I wonder if he could cook...
Hey guys let us know if we can print anything for you!
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to keeping up with the exciting thins happening at Social Syntax!
Thank you for the follow!! :)
ha ha I do too! I'll look for you tomorrow.
E. P. Thompson, you will be the death of me.
better certified letter than restraining order ;-) sorry. that just stinks.
then lost them both w/ a letter only saying the government changed the wording...then got paid off 3 months later w/higher rent
Dang. I have been owning the gym lately. Feels freakin' fabulous.
Just got home from work
i still have test tmrow, lucky u, u already finshed High school Lol
RT : Did you know? If you say "Raise Up Lights" you just said "Razor Blades" in an Australian accent! :)
Marin Rowing Association leans on first-year coaches and rowers in preparation for regional championships
POST A COMMENT ON THE WEBZONE
Probably it's a good idea not to ship in guns to Mexico!
Hopefully it will open quite a few eyes, as to what is really going on in our own backyards.
#Nowplaying Roll One Up; ASAP Rocky :3
temple run is addictive!
I hope you have a great day, Blake! :)
I CAN FIGHT DUDE YOU DO IT
I met with last week on Hanalei beach. He is a super nice guy. My 17 year old niece even thought so. Thanks for the beers man!
Playing 11pm til 1am Friday night at hookah in the hills! Right before ....first fest of the year!
Enjoyed a wonderful dinner , great food. Thx
Well he was being rude and tryed to tell me who I am
What a great NYE party that was!! Darkstarians rock! RT : Had fun Phishing in the lot last night. #phish #2012 Happy New Year!
But what if the org is just two or three people?
So what did yall expect us Laker fans to say? Yall think I'm just supposed to talk reckless? They lost by 30, who talks...nah I'm good
Mhmm next month i'm out there..
Your eyelids + muscles of your eyes need rest. The lubrication of your eyes also requires replenishment, but your eyes don't need either.
It is good that many professional athletes in all sports give back to the communities. Many of them had hard lives. Life is not easy for us.
God loves all women of faith, so thanks to all mothers and special women in our lives, AMEN!
Glad to hear that! And yes, EPUB titles will need to be read with Adobe.
You're welcome. Keep up the hard work. Almost to the finish line!
Wish I would have gotten my oil changed when I was supposed to. Now I am wasting time on my day off
1-0 Milton entering the fifth.
Great reporting tonight, Mark. Thanks for keeping us informed.
"Didn't like the call from Angel Hernandez"... seem to be hearing that a lot.
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Catherine Gallagher on the 18U team for joining us in our 2012 sand program.
I will hit u when I touchdown homie
The new #RockyLovesEmily album #secretsdontmakefriends is AMAZING! Go download it and follow them.
What is your favorite nuclear fusion? If u say anything other than carbon, then u really hate the world.
I think one of the most fav part of my jobs is opening & setting up all the new Mac products.
Looks really potent! Does your lab do a breakdown of the terpenes? Limonine or myrcine levels, etc?
Man it feels like I been away that's what life does super busy but lovin Life to the fullest :)) Elysce Baby everyday all day :))
lol. I actually do that to slot of my followers. I just consider them Twitter Family!
Something, anything, anyone rescue me from this mind-numbing proforma!!
I love visiting here everyday. I always come away better in some way - great food, art, words, creativity, images. . who would have thought!
thanks Mitchell
Q3 Unfortunately documenting this type of history is time-sensitive.
Send one threw when it's done. I guess well have to do some side projects whenever time benefits..
ugh yeah I hate it ha If it wasnt so early in the morning it wouldn't be so bad!
Winston Guy just got drafted in the 6th round, Pick 182 by Seattle.
Chicago, I'm playing a few songs & hosting a show tonight at lizard's liquid lounge. No cover, no attitude, bring your pup--it'll be grand!
Chicken or Egg?
My dose of CST is tomorrow. Should I take a pillow?
The best locations for the #Vegas fest! Check out our upgraded penthouses & balcony suites!
OMG so cute!!! I love me some navy and cream... is it? :X
Hope you're not in flip flops today. It's a tid bit chilly out there!
FUCK THE YANKEES
Another great movie to watch. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Thanks for the follow &
do you have your DARE shirt from 5th grade ?
Mario Lemieux, National Hockey League forward, was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in 1993.
Wow I can't fall asleep. #fuckthetomorrow please trend #fuckthetomorrow every Sunday.
RT "Heaven never helps the man who will not act." Sophocles
Successful shoots >
Can't let Cena go, he's the reason we all watch. That's 4 votes from CeNation to reinstate him. Two generations of fans say Don't fire him!
I'm happily married and firmly believe the contract of marriage is moving steadily toward irrelevance
#IDSD has some great speakers and information! booth has QR code registration for free party tix!
the Church does not excommunicate gays or divorcees...get informed before making uneducated, bigoted misstatements
Im supposed to be working through my task list.....but i think i want to nap.
right? thought i'd give it a whirl because yolo
i love Thank you for coming out last night!
lmao wow nah lol I wish! Your what 13? :p
Happy Festivus to all!
#FF , now offering excellent non-relationship advice :)
Hoping god still keeps me blessed. Use a dark shield for my armor.
Soes Capretta also get a -brand Pulitzer nomination for this?
will be closed on Tuesday, August 9th in observance of Tisha Baav
You're getting so many followers now, ! :) MISS YOU!
Hopsin is khold .... Easy E's wife Effed Him Over
Hahaha... That's an image I'd love to see!!! You go, girl!!
The clock, which was moving like quicksand in the second, is bleeding in the third.
If I started tweeting about the more ridiculous things that happen to me would you be entertained
Ok - a Pink Floyd "related artist" is Stone Temple Pilots? I don't think so. I would never ever connect those two bands in my mind.
Or I could run after breakfast at 11am?? Hm... that prob wouldn't work for you guys.
Busy busy busy this week! What are you up to, tweeps?
I'll bet it's a super limited edition!
well Chris knows how to season a song alright, at 2:40 "come down" from jimmy kimmel live so brilliant ,wuz surreal in alley
its uncle Charlie
#20ThingsAboutMe 7. I can be very stupid sometimes :L Sometimes I'm not sure if brown is my real hair colour :')
Finished #reading (listening to, actually) Hide by Gardner, By a Spider's Thread by Lippman & started 61 Hours by Child
Python + Learn Python the Hard Way from
What word would you use to describe the special performance by du Soleil at #drupa? Use #xeroxdrupa to tell us - ours? Amazing
David Johnson: "I'm so inspired by Public Counsel clients' resilience"
Omw to the meeting !
sending bday wishes your way may your day be blessed & filled wit joy
a fan of Leo ask me when kickin it is airing on Israel and can u say at 2 her this is her twitter ..!!
weird it's still not working. Are you following me?
However, Ama-no-to uses SOME but not 100% kurokoji in another product, tho we do not import this. Thanks for the ?
In 1st hour since polls opened, 4 election districts in Greece combined to have all of...(drum roll)...8 voters!
A great way to brighten your day is read the tweets that you saved to "favorites"
I wasn't calling you that like I said that's how I saw okay
Hey Cam Sabrina Followed me but i was wonderong if u can too i love u ur amazing **Always<3**
Haha! Thanks. I am almost finish with these thick ol' pages.
We must stop pedaphelia tourism.
Nothing #God does is an #accident. He is setting you up for your
What you don't realize is Luther already came, and I'm milking you for another $20
"Nothing makes you more tolerant of a neighbor's noisy party than being there." - Franklin P. Jones
361: Every year, the Kennedy Center Honors make me so thankful for the performing arts and the richness they add to our lives.
the org. chart is brilliant
I will give Kim respect. She won. Do I hate her no. My favorite..no. But she won, and I say congrats
You could say it, uh, builds character? LOL
chillin man..just tryin to get that music out there today..lemme know if you're feelin any tracks
Gave the TopDawg a hair cut & bath;No small project & one I dread when I have to do it; He was so good though I feel guilty 4 dreading :)
it is very possible..
Who has the hook up on silk screened t-shirts wit decent turnaround times...talk 2 me asap PLZ
YEAH for : Good morning Tweeter-ville. I'm in a packing frenzy today, because tomorrow I'm going to Africa! #bestillmyheart”
One can always research on the internet about the pill that they are trying to take but there is more research that is needed to be done
Re-reading our old text messages. *sigh* <U+E403>
I Really Don't Care If The Truth Hurts!!
Tapping personal passions is critical to consumer engagement. Marketers: How have you touched a life?
in running a 1/2 in Columbus tomorrow too - will be thinking of you both!
Guy wearing a clout surfshop shirt. Asked him if he was from Cali (yes) asked him where he went to school- (LMU). Conv. Ended real quick.
And the reporter essentially just asked if dead Japanese people will end up on California beaches. That's downright terrifying.
Trying to stock my 30 level Tiny Tower is becoming a real hassle.
Guarantee: you will pass your Linux certification exam. Free Daily Linux Lessons & Complete Training Kits: OneCourseSource.com/Discount
Michigan=Wisconsin, Badgers/Wolverines are undefeated, Lions/Packers undefeated, Tigers/Brewers in AL/NLCS. It's unreal!!
Good question RT : How high will states set the bar with #CommonCore? What failure rates are politically and socially viable?
Think of it as an informal resume you can refer to on the fly, a way to create a collaboration, or look at peer references.
Big push for the end of #nbcam! Waterfi will donate $20 to for every Pink ipod purchased for the rest of OCT
Grosvenor Square continues to win acclaim! Check out our website or the reviews on Amazon & Barnes and Noble to see what people are saying!
your mom is there when you are born
You might speak good enough English to move to Britain. I know quite a few professional Greeks now living in London
sometimes your life feels like it's caving in on you.
I love the smell of old vinyl records in the mornin'. Byaaaaa!!!
No brakes, I need state farm
All of us contain Music & Truth, but most of us can't get it out. -
Wanna wish everyone a Happy Sweetest Day if you've got no one to love or think no one loves you *i love you* Happy Sweetest Day
Attending the monthly Dell UI Team meeting
Great brunch with Dionne and Michael Alan Stein in Chicago... can't wait to show you guys what Indy fashion is all about
Congrats!! I can't wait to say I knew you when... but then again, it's already pretty cool to say I know you now :)
u sexy as fuck baby
I bought pinchers today but read online that they shouldn't be used for stretching. Fuck it.
We are offering 10% off to anyone that books us for holiday greetings by October 31st! Contact us now for details.
YOU PLAY THE PIANO?
Switching back and forth!! #AmericanIdol is on! You guys voting?!
Happy fathers day to me rollin another plane
please tell me you did not just put that..
At least three. Are there more?
Favorite snacks:Fiber One bars, vanilla covered pretzels, popcorn, takis:)) RT if u like any of those snacks:)
step up then ! lmao
Oh, the Kostisyns aren't Russian?
found an incredible deal today : a 6 pack of CFL bulbs for $1.99( normally $11.99) at Ace Hardware- thought Id share...
One day I was seeking God, and I found Him. But isn't it crazy that a God of infinite power longs to be with us?
i’m miss sugar pink liquor, liquor lips <U+2661> i’m gonna be your bubblegum bitch
This year has gone by soo fast!
Four new epic blisters... Worth it.
Just wondering which uniforms Oregon will wear on Sat. vs. USC. After all, it is Halloween.
im so sad and uncomfortable
Today's #Tech Tip: Be careful how much/long you use the 4G on new iPad can eat up your data plan very quickly.
that's mean
GM .... There is only one success--to be able to spend your life in your own way. ~ Christopher Morley
Lots of good news today.
The worst is over; you can have the best of me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
And now I realize why I work so much on the wkends. There's NOTHING to do... Glad I stocked up on books at barnes and noble.
Artists have always needed to make $. Da Vinci, etc. were employed by rich ppl & worked on their own art in spare time
Thought I died once had to open my eyes, had a run in with the devil had to sever my ties, u can still see red in my mother fuckin eyes
Tonights Show On LateNightLesbians Radio is cancelled check us out this wed for our halloween episode
isn't the problem now the definition of terrorism and who gets to define it?
good I guess. I miss you, buddy
Monday Movie Night! www.thelimebiz.com
thank you sir
: wow thank you!
yes, I build teh internets. Are you said fellow poker player?
First u might need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net for food, food bank?Julie
I definitely got in some extra GirlTrek walk minutes this weekend
made it through Eat. that was enough.
Well aren't I special :D <3
passed out when i saw new moon trailer and screamed my heart out when muse performed i fucking love that band!!!
So I'm at Blockbuster and an old lady close to me rips the loudest fart!!! I was nice and pretended not to hear.
Just want to give a big shout out to linen for keeping me cool in this ridiculous humidity.
Don't worry,don't cry...smoke marihuna and fly.
Gina you just wanna her flings. Lmao
going out tonight?
Keep up with Chris Saint Clark and Kustom Thrills Tattoo on the road. Check out updated information panel for dates of conventions near you!
So close but so far.
we love the designers Jolie & Elizabeth jolieandelizabeth.com. Manufactured in Louisiana!
Would we want Torres for our indoor team?
“: great event today Looking forward to next one.”looking forward to it
I like that. Loved coaching w/the shotclock while a juco asst. a few years ago. Love the defensive things u can do2make it work4u.
So we over now wtf
Woops I'm a lil late but yeah I like that song... I will be finding my lovin' soon.
Similarity is dystopic YA novel with girl as main character. I'd say Divergent is more elegantly written & more engaged w/ ethics.
Hoping the rain holds off so we don't have any issues getting to Lakeland.
We always called Hoek's "demon pizza" back in the 90's.
You are right, it was definitely a hold. with a ref looking straight at it, bad teams don't get the calls.
City and United. Fuck em both
What are going to do when O wins, D takes back House? Retire?
I'm hoping that none of #Diablo3's levels are as annoying as the Jungle in Diablo 2.
it's ok bye ttyl! <U+2665>
Had a great day so far working on Casting Shadows. Now to have more fun with my beautiful family. Happy Mother's Day to all the great moms!
It's been so long since we had time to check our Twitter feed that we've nearly forgotten how.
Love art in yourself, and not yourself in art. - KS
#ifonlyicould be the one you loved and cared about.. But you're too caught up with her.
Im preparing myself to turn 22 next week.....hopefully I'll get taller on my birthday
I WOULD FUCKING KNOCK ALL THE PEOPLE OUT OF THE WAY RUNNING! Then jump up and dance ;D
He likes her, She likes him. Everyone knows, except them.
I'm sure my children will willingly fall asleep one of these days. But today still isn't that day.
#cbsadmit RT : Looking forward to meeting many of my future classmates tonight at some early Connect II events!
Who's up? WE ARE. Studio today to finish up the last few songs of the ep.
Woah there Lets not get Cocky now #Cowboys(:
“: I hate it when you're typing something long then look up and notice that you weren't typing anything at all.”
can u give meh a shout out? <3
bottom line, the GOP race will go to the convention where power brokers will select cand!
how abt no more than three - aim for one or two. Shorter is better. Sry abt that!!
In the successful organization, no detail is too small to escape close attention. Lou Holtz
Fake it until you make it.
ur video of call me maybe is so gay with a super hot dude
The #ESPN commercial with the white guy named Michael Jordan is genius.
what's smosh?
Im pretty tired of this shit and wanna go home
i havent seen my parents or in-laws in months
plugging all appliances into power strips and turning them off at night and while at work could potentially save 3/4 of your power bill???
I do!
#MansTrip etc" : That Corporate email thread you have going with all of your fellow Corporate Bros"
I am not watching game 4 unless is on the floor
thx ! Look forward to seeing you on History Detectives. Keep me informed!
your moviee is going to be GREAT i already know #NeverSayNever3D because youu are ah-some!!!:) FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh k.can u follow me?
Time to head to LIVESTRONG!!!!!!
Oh i do -- Erica Gaines () i wanna see some. (:
Stressed the eff out man -___-
I miss #oomf /.
thanks uncle Jim!!!! Wish I could have seen you last week!
Badger weekend. hockey game tonight and football game tomorrow. just need b-ball tix to complete the trifecta.
That guy looks like he slid right into the Spanish Flu epidemic of 1918.
Leadership Collaborative begins next Monday-have you registered yet? www.LeadershipRising.com
Request: Please purchase [journal] online. Response: We have entire run of [journal] online. In catalog, and on ejournals page? No bells?
Mastering the Nikon D7000, print edition, is on the truck to the distribution center. Preorders will be serviced soon!
These results on Paul is what makes this election still up for grabs at this point in Jan.
love heartbreak?
I JUS SUBMITTED SOME HOT TRACZ TO YA EMAIL. HIT ME BACK AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK GETER K.
Happy anniversary!!!!!!
that process would be... interesting. And I thought testing kissing chemistry was *hard*
Iv locked my keys in my car twice in 3 days.....its time to get A. ugh
austin's hot as it is. how can he be any hotter with these braces off
The marketing terms seem to be folding in on themselves. Are you at all itchy to just go back to trying to get l'nism right?
Congrats! Glad we could be a part of it.
Lt. Governor Skillman - ISPA President, Paul Brennan announced donation of more than 65 tons of poultry and eggs to Indiana food banks.
: Should have gone to Puerto Rico! #CustomsFree lol
Can't wait to see what God does at ALWC tomorrow. There's a powerful Word burning in my heart. Bring a friend- 1030 AM. SET YOUR CLOCKS UP
Was up til 4am with the team editing "Blessed." Y'all are in for something spectacular
he is SO intense. I counted once how many pages of notes he wrote in one class. 9. 9 pages of handwritten notes.
Why not turn off the laptop, put it by aside and go to sleep?
swagg i hve like all of her videos
so I guess it was the anti-Fergy time today eh?
Caps play by play guy sucks
ANd...im still not home
i am having trouble with the stream. which browser are you using?
Havent heard from my new friend today, he slackin...
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing. ~ Werner von Braun
he only has like 8 pics o.o
How wonderful!!! Will you share a picture or two later?? I've never been to England. I'm working today, but that's happy (:
I LOVE YOU :) <333
thanks for the RT.
comee over one day ! Grandma misses you too !!
u got the plan
You are a classless piece of shit. Ryan Dunn hasn't been gone 24 hours and ur already talking shit. Hope ur cancer comes back
Yes. If Luc make 3rd it would have been a 3R double, advancing on the throw.
cum keep me warm
Does Jennifer ever look bad?
#fridayreads Junkyard dogs by Johnson, Elegance of the hedgehog by Barbery, Rule against murder by Penny
Wishing everyone a blessed and merry Christmas! Looking forward to the new year. 2012 is gonna Rock!!
hope it's not gone by then! :D
Making art is my only thing to do in life
Ozzie Guillen: to Cuban-Americans :"I am very ashamed (pauses) grabs water…our friendship has been broken"
thank you so much ~ hope you're moving and grooving on the west coast ! see you in newark i hope !
Who else loved "Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins".
Watch the show, it's gonna be a good one: Chief Acevedo in studio to answer questions about the Esme Barrera murder. Got a question?
love the update!
Got an a on my Spanish test :)
It just doesn't make sense to me to try so hard to disprove something unless you yourself wonder.
Just woke up fina go to the barbershop n get chopped up ya dig
Tryna use a rubber tonight
Proud to be a Jaker. )
well the teacher of math didn't or the teacher of history I don't remember so I can sleep on 1 of them..!!
On my way home. Phoenix was great. Successful trip overall.
if all goes well, we'll work on most of the songs in the last batch next week. yay! soon! i can feel it!
Can everyone check out our site www.desertdogdiving.com and like our fb page. Thanks
S/0 and for holding us down here in #Alaska !!much love and safe travels yall!!!!!
Man life musta truly been dull b4 twitter during The Oscars, #NFLDraft, #NBADraft, Superbowl and #NBAPlayoffs. My TL is funny as he**! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
WIN a pair of FRONT ROW Giants tix on the Giants dugout. Check us out Thursday nights Twang! Presented by Paul Hayward
Someone help me buy a bed
Can't wait!
isn't Joel sexy?
Yeah, laps are no fun. I'm doing my ultra Nov. 3rd.
working hard.
And you didn't tell me they were playing in San Francisco THIS ACTUAL NIGHT HERE RIGHT NOW. Where I'm not. Dang.
Leadership is about understanding that you can only reach your own goals when you focus on the goals of others.
Only you Waldo RT : So when exactly IS Mother's Day?
hi Amanda, I was, and sometimes still lecture... International students from Japan and Europeans....
Only an hour and a half til Baked Appreciation Day officially begins! Stop in between noon and sundown for free cookies! Happy Little 5 :)
Word. RT : If you fail to plan - then you should plan to fail.
I swear my cousin was balling out when she went to prom yesterday.. Had her name and her dates name on m&m's i was like damn.
The awkward moment when you're smiling at your phone/computer and your parents ask who are you talking to.
Follow back???:)
I'm telling you... You're messing with the wrong one.
Profiled by Some girls prefer riding bikes to salon services. Pfft.
On the way to groove with Al Green.
Just in: a Tim Hetherington print will be included in the auction on May 15th at Christie's
The case for renting was strong, only these days, it's a great time to buy.
no careless turnovers
#whenIwaslittle I thought nicky in the movie little nicky was incredibly cute. #NowThatImOlder ...I totally still do.
- There's a store just off Franklin & Chicago Ave. It has a great selection of used/free books. I'd like to meet w/ you as well?
Ha ha, Klout never forgets.
I'll take You free radicals down! Down to China Town!
Good Magic Win in the back to back.. we gonna do some damage this year
hopefully it happens soon :)
thanks for recommendation!
Royals. I can't.
Wherever I go, whatever I do, I wonder where I am in my relation to you- John Mayer
Best way to fall back asleep after waking up before 6 am?
thanks for sponsoring the #drunksgoacoustic west coast bar tour. One show down 20 more to go!
why do people need to be like that? And if I'm strapping my kids in to their seats, I'm NOT going to go faster for them.
wondering if can help out with that "gray means go" thing...
RT : Zumba time with your Phx Urban League YP Sat., May 19th at 8:30am. for more info! Come out & join us.
Home from "Dougfest". What a great way to honor our friend Doug Meek and celebrate his life with his family and friends
#Brewers take a big lead, then just like that it begins to dwindle. Gallardo needs to go to the goods.
makes excellent point. Just because #perezhilton isn't info we value doesn't mean it's not credible.
I always notice that #RIT Tiger Bucks are accepted at the place I'm eating after I pay.
that's cool. The warrior dash is aug 18. I will have to work hard. Isn't the tough mudder like 10 miles?
During #BlissDom, ConAgra Foods will donate 1 meal to Feeding America for every tweet containing #ChildHunger..what a great gestr
Cynthia, I have a business that needs an investment. Let's see how making some $ from your investment looks.
What a day! We Love Seattle! Welcome Hotel Deca. Offering 15% off Best Available Rate and Complimentary Parking for DPR Card Holders!
First day of work <U+E40E>
I'm blessed, so I won't complain...
i cant wait to see tou its been too long!
when's that?!
Happy Mothers Dayy !!! :)
We r taking a break 2 watch the game. Both great teams
Wishing everyone a safe and happy New Year!
Don't let people put a monsters face on God. Read Exodus 34:6-7 and let HIM TELL YOU WHO HE IS AND WHAT HE'S LIKE. IN HIS OWN WORDS.
he is a giant version of little Banchi at home. Dogs rule!
I'm soo blessed, I have beautiful wife and another amazing blessing on the way! Thank you God.....So Much!
lol. My goal is a 2 on the test. If I get a 3 I will die. It won't happen tho lol
Join us for the Bears Game Tonight! Pizza, Wings, Beer and Da Bears
": RT : princeton ass since tha seniors left"
Had a wonderful dream with John Coltrane's "RESOLUTION" playing in the back ground. Woke up after eating fried chicken with ELVIN JONES
CSR Strategy and Newspaper Coverage of Negative Firm Events - Working Knowledge
There's fonna be mad parties I'll let you know where I'm goin when I find out lol.
Tough to watch my #RedWings lose, but I'll be rooting for #Preds & my hometown boy David Legwand. #NHL probably not too excited
That should be me.
there as good as anyone new you are playing now!!!!
Nice. The St. Marks Bookshop in NYC has been saved! The petition worked!
NOT ALL SCARS SHOW NOT ALL WOUNDS HEAL YOU CANT ALWAYS SEE THE PAIN SOMEONE FEELS Do on to others as you would like them to do on to you
I'm taking off work thursday
Hey you think those new NFL Nike gloves will help those stone hands?
I AM THE HAPPIEST! (x suhhwear!
"Hey your phone's ringing."..."Yeah, phones do that."
#ForSmallBiz is trending again. Glad to see people supporting their local businesses. Follow and We'll follow back!
Please check your email - sponsor related
I am not getting cable. Not worth the garbage....
What are you going to do for me? :P
Ah, gotcha. The monetary contradiction was throwing me.
I want that feelng back !
#Lt Niggas don't know about that..
I am really starting to understand the meaning of communication. And I also realized that I have made promises I didn't keep.
Tip #77: In 2-7 Triple Draw and Badugi you should almost always stand pat after the second draw in pos vs. a player that took 2+ cards. BET!
Honesty all i want to do is sleep .
"I deal with the real so if its artificial, let it be."
what up doe you need beats? I produce trap shit
me too! Why there is even a team Peeta is beyond me
haha omg! "lights out" ;)
Is there a danger in getting "boxed in" with the role of Girl, either within the opera itself or career-wise?
Food smelling good
Thanks for the double RT !!! I love your never ending generosity always. ;-)
just remember to have her money at the end of the day lol ": <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> Ill pimp ya out. RT : Thanks!"
There is a lot of fun to be had through social networking
thanks guys! “: Congrats on your new venture!”
Gangsta's don't die, gangsta's go to Vegas!
It Forces Me To Be On This Boof Shit When I'm Bored
Had some great rehearsals withe the ever glorious Dick Stoltzman!
Thanks to for hopping on forgot a question though: what Enrique Inglesias song is playing postgame?
Luckily there was barely any damage -- and Paul didn't leave the Audi owner in the lurch
i haven't recorded it yet! will do very soon =)
thanks 4 the RT! hope all is well.
Feel free to exploit me. I am like a virus. - jenna robino
Just brewed some Stumptown coffee in a Chemex pot, if you guys were wondering what that disturbance in the Hipster Force was.
It's "Nickel Day" honoring this day in 1866 when the "Shield Nickel" was first minted in the U.S.
I just saw your MW3 commercial. Fucking classic.
and u still ain't shit!!
the Beak's keeping it real account, unless my mom finds it... Lol
3100 Wilshire - tonight I'm only chatting union language, not freudian.
Niggas Then Brought Me Out There...Like I Dont...#BeOutThere!
'Go where there is no path and leave a trail' Develop YOUR leadership skills with Motivos, Saturday 4/28, 8:15 AM-6. We'll head to WCU. RSVP
why us
#lastthursday Ambassadors are located every two blocks. Got questions? Look for the white shirts and make sure to say hi!
#BayArea families can count on the finest in non-medical home care from Visiting Angels San Jose
you have a tumblr?
Can't believe and are graduating today! Couldn't be more proud
Due to the snow this AM some buses may experience delays. Remember to dress appropriately for conditions and we appreciate your patience.
oh hum
Jason Isaacs stopped by for a few hours today for a couple of ISDN sessions with BBC London for "Brotherhood". Great talent and super guy.
missed you today by 5min! :)
I thought after all that beer you'd take your shirt off....... :'c
.. and when I touch you, I feel happy inside.
All good things are wild and free ;D im wild, thats just me :* Live, Love, Party <U+2665>
Shit changes when money comes around
#shitnoonesays “: Monday my favorite day”
Happy Friday! Excited to be working with and to improve 's Marketing Plan!
Literally got 2 hours of sleep in all for the past three days.
“: Game of Thrones tonight. Really hope Joffery dies in the first ten minutes” few things would make me happier
If Christina Aguilera gave Angelina Jolie some of her fat, the world would be a better place
Rise & shine boys. It's a great day for to be great! #slamdunk #imtakingbets #vanderWho?
I almost started a list just like this. #1: graham crackers.
Drinking Buffalo Bill's Pumpkin Ale
OH at #interop: "is a monkey kosher?" /CC
Veep is outstanding. What a great well written show
for sure! I forgot to ask them tonight in the chat. I was a bit preoccupied with the hunger games Facebook game lol
Food for thought "Technology has surpassed education" - José Briseño
Places to nap in the office in asc order of effectiveness. Desk. Under Desk. Toilets. Broken Elevator. Room with 'meeting in progress' sign
RT : Help in the campaign to find missing #cruise ship employee - Please follow & retweet to spread the word.
#20ThingsAboutMe I just painted my toe nails and fingernails <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
LOL LOL DUDE U FUNNY AS HELL... FACE FULL OF MAKE UP THO? LOL WOW...
How you gonna tell her what to say ;you bang freakin' do that -__-
you are awesome! Thanks for passing on the word!
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
one more fucking love song i'll be sickk. ~
Q6 LinkedIn and Twitter are my top two!
I really think wearing white or bone white is so #LNBSTYLISH paired with gold and or silver accessories! ALL WHITE EVERYTHING!!
Stuck between her legs when she sets her trap
I don't know of this is weird but I like going to movies by myself to relax and think. And this theater is completely empty!:):):):) yayyy
edible ink
goodnight x
thats it fr minnifield and the browns :(
It's Police Week! They are everywhere wearing their badges :)
Thank you wifey!
Thanks, man! Exciting stuff...
On the way home today I stopped at the What a great soldier, scholar, and statesman.
yes ma'am! I'll be there till close!
There are only 8 other cities competing so we have a chance! Help us tweet #Bring1DToSeattle to spread the word before the challenges start.
hahaha well I'm going to sleep on math or history lol ..!!
Happy birthday to Jeremiah from ! He's cute.
somehow I keep sending things that I don't use or ever send I don't know how it happens but when I get on they r there :(
awesome!!!! We hope to see some vids from your new PlayFull soon!
SO I HAVE SOME NEW UPSTAIRS NEIGHBORS. APPARENTLY THEY ARE BIG DRUM AND BASS FANS.
that's amazing bud!!!!
At some point, a 24/7 fantasy sports network is likely. Will take time. Still a subset of larger sports audience. Needs a ROI
I'm glad u do
More people are finding out bout F and it's becoming like hurricane Katrina.
The previous tweet was the most potheadly thing I ever wrote. Ironic considering my current clear headed condition.
Groovy is a great word! Thrilled to b on this list
Eyes blood red like they hit up by a drive-by, mines well cause I'm smokin until I die
thanks Jen, that is sweet!
There are a lot of new questions on HelpaLibrarian.com. Please help if you can. Thanks!
so do I get an orchid????
RT : just cut the #ribbon! We are officially open :)
and for the record -- most of your students will probably be able to take corners better than that Cayenne.
you are a hero. there are very few plus funny girls who have oscar nominations. it's like you and liz taylor and that's it.
Your girlfriend pussy got hella mileage
Re: HB 1238, Janie Harvey, literary specialist, cautions against retaining students only to give them same reading instruction again
Its cinco de mayo and brittany and i are watching The indian in the cupboard. What is happening.
#Pettitte looks really good...like he never retired
Finally headed over to the convention center for some DrupalCon activities.
how can i get some shows down there
it all depends on our pitching including our middle relief.
good to see you, Kelvin and briefly meet your friends. Talk about HEIGHT! :) Take care, sir!
Class! Sophistication!
Should we get a pool going? RT : Any guesses how long it will take to read that puppy?
Some are relatively new acquisitions: trying to build the early collection as well as learn more about what we already have.
Twitter me this twitter me tht
ELLEN then camping all week!!! YES spring break! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
3 bottles of wine + 6 pack magners = $30! I love total wine
RMFT : I cant talk to a guy that every bitch I know calls him her best friend .
ISE Denver fans--get ready to meet Jennifer Lappin of Rocky Mountain Survival Gear next week. Her new product is featured here....
In the great white north...not too white this time of year!
do you know Dane I swine you know him or another guy named Omar?
Oh it is on… like Donkey Kong!
I agree, you can't do a whole pre game show like that!
living at home again is going to take some getting used to
chile...I thought you were in brazil?! Dammit. me, youR suitcase & undies are getting hot in the ATL. Get us out!
At the airport, homeward bound
U can be dress thug as hell but tht make up ain't workn for ya pa... umm side note u need a touch up ur right brow
Nothing like copying and pasting over 100 email addresses into an email and then realizing you need to separate them by ; not a ,.
hey babe !!! U am free u will text and call you this would love to see you Thursday!!! Xoxo
I knew that I could agree with you at some point...
Who thinks should have an interview on B96 in chicago?!??
Trying to decide if I should bother attending the UVA HR town meeting on the already enacted new HR plan.
I got it in lykee 2 hours!!<U+2639>
I love you
Can't believe #StopKony #MakeKonyFamous #Africa #Uganda are trending on twitter!
Getting my Masters in Curriculum Instruction 2day:) Cap n gown all set:))
Great foul Kobe had him beat
yeah me too but i havn't been on much cuz of exams -_-
Let me know what you learn about SugarCRM. I last checked out Zoho vs SFDC and Zoho was weak. No Sugar for me recently.
playing with my dogs
has the most random bruise on her hand.... Where do these bumps, bruises and cuts come from?!?!?
Anyone want to Skype.
alrighit girl. i guess thats alright. but no more ditching! not even 7th! you retaking geometry in 11th grade?
Thanks for the follow, Katie.. How are you doing this Monday?
The sky is not the limit; don't even TRY to tell me that when there are footprints on the moon.
Went to a Walmart in Santa Clarita on black Friday. They wouldn't me free merchandise. I thought I had a pass being of African extraction.
“I never said she stole my money." can be said with 7 different meanings depending on which word you put the emphasis on.......
this is a strange site lol
Can't use my words to explain.
i'm sewing my sisters jeans because i love her. that bitch.
After passing a law AND a Const Am banning gay marriage, you pass a law prohibiting teachers from using word "gay." Then what?
so what's the best advice 2 give 2 instructors who want to use Omeka in a course but don't have technical infrastructure?
I wish you wouldn't.
I dont know anything about horse racing, but for a guy raised in Wisconsin & an alum of UW, I would be crazy not to pick "I'll Have Another"
Philly rising to ANY occasion is laughable. Now... ha..haa...ha
Just tapped, Yellow Wolf Imperial IPA (replaces 90 Min Imperial IPA)
Second straight visit to TJ's in Bayshore and no organic apples. Fresh Market here I come.
Searching the internet on a blackberry is the equivalent to a dial-up modem
Best of luck buddy! We'll miss you! Btw.. got first dibs on your bbq biz!
yep can't complain at all. Back on the east coast for a couple of months.
It's not always about who you know...but instead who knows you.
#IWantToBe the only girl on your mind
Hey local design community, which architects are inspiring you the most lately?
Gotta admit socially my first college was way better than my second, but if i tried to make movies @ bwater I would be homeless
Elvis just said it best - "the job ain't done til the graphics go on"
Did you just DM spam to me or has your account been hacked? I couldn't DM you back because you're not following me.
lol. bill and i go back . lol. i invited him to the game saturday. remind him lol
If you could choose one who would you pick or
I know! What, do you guys think I'm some sort of alcoholic? Gosh
I could be wrong, but I think a lot of folks in central VA are going to be feeling rather silly tomorrow.
Kristen Stewart knows two facial expressions: neutral and super neutral
Enjoyed a great lunch at today! Yum!
Oh I made an out at first, oh I'm a baseball player Oh my pants barely fit me... -My Dad
20 minutes to #WesternConferenceFinals matchup with rival LA Kings. Finish, boys!
That guy that treats you like a princess and cares so much about you that he'd do anything for you not matter what
I'm not gonna fucking fight with you everynight. Its pissing me the fuck off. Ima bout to get some new dick. Pd.
on my way to church : )
Morning Joe talking about Mitt/OBam 19pt female gender gap. It's not a communication issue! It the policies, stupid.
Kansas going to win big head LOL
40 degrees, hail, sleet, 20 mph gusts, mewling puppy on bank, shivering in my waders, blizzard of mayflies, then...the fish of a lifetime.
I'm not a fan of paying taxes and tags for a new car.
David doesnt want me to leave, he looked so sad..
Happy Birthday !!! Bout time to hit the party bus again!!
The truth is not simply what you think it is it is also the circumstances in which it is said, and to whom, why and how it is sa
Hey Bethany, I'm a huge fan of yours.. Just wanted to thank you for being awesome; and I'm happy to be following you!
Okay. Today was a little better then yesterday. Still kinda depressing when those two really nice cool kids died :,(
Grizzlies forward Zach Randolph scored 18 points and 16 rebounds against the Clippers.
Looks like #Growth is going to breed.. loudly
when you have. Follow someone since the day they was born. They become like family.
My May 17th was unbelievable! Starts off with an up close show and tell of a Top Gun fighter jet. I have a huge love for jets!
I am crucified with Christ and yet I live. Bible
Now that's just an offence to the color yellow!
Tired as fuck. We were busy tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Order 15+ 8×10” DirectOutput HD Prints on 1 order & instead of $17 each it is only $1.95 each. Offer extended until the 31st of Jan!
Gotta safe full of cherries cause I pop it and lock it.
RT : Drama does not burn enough calories for me to get involved.
One day you're saving your change for parking meters, the next you're a hoarder with a shopping bag full of old pennies. Be careful everyone
Good. The other is the Suez Canal and it's like I believe close to Egypt/Saubi Arabia. Somewhere up there.
haha no you dont :) thank you so much though :)
if Bobby Abreu can find a job, so can you. Yankee closer job just opened, but as a Dodger fan ... complicated.
#Lavarnway went to Yale. Like Peter Brandt?
The freaks are out today, for REAL.
can i get a follow???
yes it is.
TwitFollow Generator Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Lake Charles bound.
Way to bury it right in his chest LaBate.
#filming today!!!! Loving life!!! a bit of torture, a bit of rape! going to be a fun day!
If bobby simmonds is starting and closing for your team.. You know you're in trouble
Omw to work
Hi tweeters! We are finally here!
All music today is catchy hooks with a nice beat, ain't about lyrics and creativity anymore. It's #TooEasy for niggas to get on. Smh.
OMG your almost at 600k followers(: Im so s proud of you well not just me, all of your fans<3 Keep up the great work austin! Mahomie 4 Ever!
Adult Student Showcase is about to bring down the house!
just spent 224mins and 33 seconds on the phone with my best friend Man, were lame.
You too. I will certainly be around.
hiya seev! can't wait for your concert in chicago tomorrow! it will be AMAZING and i expect loads of hugs :) xx
is there anything James Feeley cant do?!
Hi Scott! Glad to see you here! Welcome to Twitterland :)
Gator was tooling' along the lake in the backyard just now. Small one, 5 feet-ish.
according to twitter we dont follow each other..
ESPN,duh!
MT : Alright Phoenix, #coyotes game starts now. Humor me and pretend that you care. <-- Roar, Coyotes, roar.
I didn't think you did, but that'd be okay too. Many think I do, though I'm oddly clean. Heehee. And yes, someone was having fun
"Pester your friends" Great article right there.
lmfao no they don't ur dm's don't get deleted. unless the person who sent them deletes them lol and tweets u get twitter jail
Ah yeah.....! Passed my exam.... now I'm CITRMS Certified...! Watch out World...!
RT : Feel horrible for Johnny Sauter. Told me today he's never finished a NCWTS race at Daytona. dumped coming to White Flag
I'm Trying To Ignore The Hurt. So I Turned On The Radio, Stupid Song Made Me Think Of You. </3
You guys should collaborate and record as fostersthepeoples
Health Related Articles Blog: Narcolepsy Diet Program - Foods That ...: Narcolepsy Diet Program - Foods That Heal And Foods That Kill...
So you REALLY think that historically and unsustainably high debt levels will "renew" America?? Seriously?
I hear people are already voting today... but not #70%missing
Sorry for the delay in replying! No beta yet—we're working hard and will announce as soon as we're able. Thx for contacting.
when do we get to work together again!? ;)
Aw congrats Huff!
retweets help you reincarnate at a higher level in your next dharma cycle so you're pretty much going to be a boss
i'm definitely interested in #thatcamp new england, too bad it isn't until November.
Pence's bruised rotator cuff not interfering with ability to swing at high fastballs
see you @ Havana tonight!
your verifyed ur verifyed ur verifyed ah OMG that's just the best think ever !!!! :) x
How do I go about joining the group? Just show up at Gus'? Do you have an email address so I can get some more info? Thanks!
What does it profit a man if he gains the whole world, but loses his soul? Mark 8:36 Watching a DVD of Toby in concert!!
will you do a live show?
WHO BOUGHT #NSN3D on dvd or blue ray?
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?! Zermürbungstaktik
Amen to that!!!
well ok then
#ivealwayswsantedto catch a really tasty mouse! So says Cozette, the Cozy Cat Press "mas-cat" Most are so bland.
An acoustic cover of Jewel in a vegan cafe? West Hollywood, you've really out-tooled yourself.
Why has everyone in the NBA been wearing green headbands?
The awkward moment when you think a customer is a salesperson.
did you get the makerbot up n' running?
Kick in the Door was a great song but it was too subliminal for me in terms of a dis record
The Philadelphia Flyers are whistling past the graveyard. If the series is played on skill. the Pens will win in 6.
ok today literally ended in perfection like I can't tell you how great it was even though it was brief and xoxoxo etc etc goodnight
There are a lot of people dressed as white seats at the beginning of the #Heat #Knicks game.
Chuck Norris doesn't own a lawn mower... he just stands in his yard and dares it to grow.
Just met #MikeDoughty at #BoswellBookCompany. Can't wait for the show tonight!
You'll rue the day you crossed me, Trebek!
Craving ice cream cake....bad o:
wassupp with you and muslim ??
Interesting: First adopters of "Don't Mess with Texas" slogan were the litterers themselves; they had no idea what it meant.
loved it!! Can't wait for part 10!!!!
In other recent news...sales of Tupperware Take Off in Emerging Markets, up 30% per yr since 96 - according to Bain & Company :{)
I was looking for you. Don't know how we missed each other.
$30 fill up in Indiana #jobperk!!!
going to make it to the social? Sounds like you could use a drink
god loves ugly
M that cake was delicious! Cake tasting for Les' wedding.
Vin-Blue Nick-Red Thomas-Black and Yellow Mikey-Blue Madison-Red Louis-Red Jason-Blue Chris-Blue Nick R-Red Tristan-Blue
I'll be nice to him, we won today for about the first time!
dude that's no way to spend a Friday night!
#serc11 general session on re-imagining lab. #uncc library has recently re-configured its learning space. It's worth a visit bef u return
Check in on Los Angeles and of course its writers
my mom and i just ate, and my brother and sister invited us to eat. asdfghjkl
Where in Florida are you from? Aw, I always go through my Granny's jewelry box. Haha (:
Oh, George. Such a love-hate relationship.
Working out at the gym with and... Doc Emmett Brown!?
took some cold meds that are "cool blast flavor". What exactly does blast taste like?
definitely. Although at ASU, tuition has doubled since I started :)
...a most profound statement of the obvious, dear , but i appreciate the observation and thank you for the compliment. ;-)
back to the whole forex thing.
single release Party this Friday for hit single "it ain't nothin" feat #MMINATION RT PLS...”
....I can see your comments, obviously, but not "what" you were commenting on because the link is protected. Spin it however...
I like ur waistline just the way it is!! :-)
I'm hashing threw ideas for a new comic strip based on IT Overloads. Oh wait, that's called Dilbert. Nevermind.
Like the mccartney valentine song a lot. Will definitely learn it
Chip Murray: "every time there's a flash point in L.A., there will be a flash point in Phil., NyC, Detroit & Miami"
I wouldnt do anything like that.... Unless the girl was a 10.
#ImThatPersonWho tells it like it is
You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six. Yogi Berra
Getting started back up at the gym is so much harder than going consistently.
I'll be back. I was just due a trip back home! RT : Have a great trip. You coming back or are you leaving the #ROC for good?
Did you know Hatch has a Hospitality Division? We can staff your next event! Call/DM for more details.
More nice summer weather...however the lawns are taking some serious heat stress right now. Japanese beetles are also showing up...
I just want this senior thesis to be over.
I hate being picky -_-
Meeting up with Devin Quello to start on new song tomorrow! Who hooo!
He complained about the Cauldron's banners and had them taken down for the reserve game.
I'm riding around on empty. I'm riding around on empty cuz gas 4.50. LMAO that nigga @ funny
where u at??
Dance with your heart... everything else will follow
Finally worked!
You are cute! ;)
um ok? #ugh going to bed now
Hello my friend! Good to hear from you! :)
what's your FB screen name?
The, "Yes. Yes I am going to sing the first two verses of Stevie Wonder's 'Happy Birthday' with no backing track. Yes."
If your down with #teampettis is a must follow!
PAY ATTENTION !!!!!
wow no wonder it cracked...ur smart kaylo real smart lol
Nobody around to crash the borders. Where's the toughness?!?!?
Whoa Harry has almost 4 million followers. The boys' popularity is growing
oh. good question. heard any good rumors about the lineup?
us too. We should hang out.
Almost all caught up from #Pheasantfest. Thanks for guidance of GunMitt from pros, outfitters & Guides!
*stand-up mums*?!
No internet for me -.- my ipod is being really stupid (:
Heading over to Downtown Art Walk to check out 's zine selection and hand out some flyers for #LAZF!
You make $ from patenting new #chemicals, so that's where #big #ag R&D $ goes. How monetize other areas? - Mark Muller
so I saw it today in imax
Gotta busy day in the mornin
it is making me sleepy! Haha but this salesman is a boss. :P
hey btw, emmit smith called and thinks he has a product you should try
Breaking news...explosion at the municipal building in Mansfield...live at the scene...plus a warm up in the forecast - all starting at 5am!
Dam we got our ass kicked
75 down and taking a breather at Mount Vernon. Still haven't seen the sun.
I need the link to the MoneyMay-Cotto fight asap.
Enjoy your brainstorm session! What is it that you do?
Scanner Monitor- Mississippi and I-25.
If you're in #hdboutique don't miss the fabulous and colorful chairs from #resol. Booth 1020. See you there!
gonna do "the pterodactyl"? I miss that!
Happy birthday my dear friend!!! I hope your day is off to a beautiful start!!!
Come on people #followme don't be shy :) haha
aww thanks i've been good i start filming 10 episodes starting spring so im not going to be busy until then. you?
thanks for the inspiring and thoughtful blog post.
"Melissa we are not leaving until you look at that huge poop" hahahaha
UK and Coach Cal is a lethal combination. Come be part of a great tradition and help hang banner
It's hard to give a fuck. I wish it was easy, I'll probably be a good kid. But I just don't care anymore.
MISS TENNESSEE TOP 15!!!!!
I'm supposed to be doing my homework right now, but I'd take the chance of you following me over a passing grade anyday.. ;)
What makes #Milwaukee great? Great groups and businesses like , , , & do!
just the Mighty Ducks ! lol
How was your Turkey Day?
she could be the one with the Fro... I missed the previews which sucks cus I would know for sure lol
You're welcome!:) How old is your brother?
thanks for the follow :)
Wait here's what happened I watched the vid. Asked on the app, then tweeted then con.
There's nothing more frustrating in the morning then realizing you've been wearing your school shirt inside out the whole time
One must try to truly understand it. (Hint: on the bottle says "1 in 49 men enjoy the taste of Malort.")
TY! I saw a manager that I believe will take me when I come out, catching up with friends here and an agent meeting 2morrow.
y u dont take da bus no more alex??
New Costume Aurora Costume
mom still is iffy about it so you might still get him.
comes naturally
Shall have my dinner now! :) Rice with sambal udang and paru! :)
Huge PPR releases this week: Armadillo, Raw Faith, Being in the World, Dirty Diaries and Film Socialisme! www.kinolorberedu to order!
yikes, yes.
Butch McGuire's, founded in 1961, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
just tried on leggings from 5th grade and they fit me... omfg, someone hold back my tears.
FF Why? Because they're good for you, that's why !
In line outside the 9:30 Club in DC for a They Might Be Giants concert.
Shake that butty.
They gone whipp my Ass for eatin all the chocolate chip ice cream
pandora flow while I'm at the store .
I see you got my gift...LOL
jokes on you bc I am passing math SIR
Also, Penny was originally played by Reba McEntire. Lots of changes after pre-screening, lots.
that's awesome! it is supposed to be one of the most incredible marathons around. the logistical support is jaw dropping.
I was "awarded the Insightful badge" for a comment on Huffington Post. First badge, not sure what it means but it sounds REAL good! LOL! THX
sound yummy
I've seen it from doctor's perspective too - ePatients come in and THEY think they're "godlike" & docs are the "provider of care"
that's Gonna b a Great Fight Bj. My money's on Gray! He's been more Consistent! But the Truth is, you could Beat Both of them!
So inspiring to see pilgrims on I-25 walking to El Santuario de Chimayo for #GoodFriday. Another beautiful New Mexico moment.
strongly considered abandoning 501c status in late 90s to take VC money. Phew.
Well I love her, but I love to fish
When you're reading a fan fiction and can really hear the character's voices in your head because the dialog ISN'T cheap shit.
REPCO has #HPT #Gaylord #Boxes for immediate sale and delivery. Full truckloads for #Packaging anything to #Recycle. Call 561-721-3400 now!
feels trapped.
Working hard from home since the Mill Centre is still out of power...email us, call us, Tweet us if you need to reach a member of the team.
New things coming soon.
good morning all!
Determine what you want.
was that for all of us or just my black friends
4 weeks ago every1 thought Jets might not make playoffs, now many picking them 2 win AFC East. Pats fans shldnt get too down.
thanks for the RT. i'm not entirely cynical about EdX, but i'm wary of what the design privileges & how the data will be used.
Talked to a black lady on the phone today #There'sAFirstForEverything
This kid knows way to many fat chicks.
Waiting to see house on million dollar rooms.
OKAY <3 I love you too!
“: What do you call an Arab with his hand up a camel's ass? A mechanic.”
What's going on? You going to the Final Four?
fuck that if i meet the boyz im gonna not react like an iconiac but more as a friend i dont wanna be just a fan
One thing confirmed in Rachel Dratch's book: Amy Poehler's basically a badass.
Me either! lmao. I still have like 60 pages.
looking forward to reading it!
Yes- I have a ten page paper due tomorrow night. Strongly motivated to procrastinate but not to write paper.
Missed me?
dress fitting for mother/daugher breakfast modeling c:
thank you for the rt
Florence is pretty fab...sending you yummy firenzian vibes!
Good Giant.
Mona?!? WTF I'm so lost! Lol
SOLD EM ALL MY BAD DR. DRE
must to be doing good, no? he's got #16millions of fans, and he follows all believer execpt me -.- WHY?
congrats, that is always great and exciting news!
The Bitch Acting Like Somebody Actually Care.... Bitch As..... Lawwd. Like NoBody Aint Even Asked Her
Want to win a gift card? List to Charlie & Makani in the morning on 99 KISS FM to see how you can win!
Were any of the current Thunder players on the team when they were in Seattle?
GRANDer_ICONiac Problems && I Do Wanna Go Because Of You Guys My Friends And Santos
why do i love watching #duke getting beat up on i'm a real
you know it
we'll take $20 in coors lite
is making everybody's day <3
A friend brought us some new flavor GS cookie over wknd, cranberry & walnut - tasty!
yes seriously I'll post a pic 2 prove it
Damn, I want a back rub!!!!
I love daddy-daughter dates! Tonight, we're trying !
It's a rainy crappy day and the kitties are going wild
Something's right when you reluctantly offer your 9 year old mcdonalds and he refuses and chooses YATS.
special thanks to all my new followers
Tom Jurich and the Louisville athletic department are like Republicans in congress. Both have made screwing taxpayers into an art.
Buying a crap ton of beers to hunker down for the storm. Screw you, Irene!
#soannoying I had our Tuesday ritual without cha :-( Jodi was there, though. Lol I miss ya Shelbz!
Act 1 Completed on Normal
THE VINNY VIDEO!! Sorry i had to record it off my phone {gettho} because my email is acting mean but i hope u guys like it
Your order is on its way!
love that place. Tell Cagle I said hello lol
always good times when you fix a bug and you don't know what you did. Must be
We are connecting with people from all over Washington State.
Why she still holding on to this nigga
Nigga try and race my car man he don't stand a chance <<<wiz
THANK YOU to the good soul who found my drivers license in Sea-tac airport & turned it in to Lost & Found. I have it back!
um-kay
Imagine that, the little chickenshits!!!
You guys traded sweatshirts...cute. Guess I didn't realize we were back in middle school..
Not sure I can handle extras. Mariners will need them though.
We CAN't go oneday without gettin into it nomore it's like we have to argue
we'll go for a run around the chuck--over snow and ice--I'll show you stinkiest parts of the river. It'll be delightful!
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
feels weird to be in air conditioning.
thank you, you are so right. Holder and Obama had the take-over of this country planned for a long time I think.
Haha, true! That would definately be a little freaky!
"What They Should Teach in School: Only two things: 1. Solve interesting problems 2. Lead" --Seth Godin, Linchpin
Yeah Man Going Down Right NOW!!!
your wish is my command.....
RT : B/c Vader turned to the Dark Side, Obi Wan did not make AYP that year
That's one handsome boy! Fortunately, he looks nothing like his Dad.
is my nigga!
"if she's old enough to cross the street, she's old enough to get the meat." wise words of burke's college friend..
Desserts!!! We have #vegan chocolate raspberry cupcakes and non vegan tiaramisu in the house!
Holy ridiculous CGI!
#onthegrind as we speak!
If your relationship has more issues than your magazine, you need to cancel your subscription~
Wait, she'd tweeted you 10 times? I've never been tweeted or noticed at all! <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
watchin all that. it is really all that!
5.1 laser but it gave out half way and I'm pretty sure it is
now that is a Fantastic PIC!!!!
I kind of can't wait to be back at the office. I can stop things from turning into fire drills, plus is bringing me pomegranate soda
Bird, bird, bird, bird is the word
Another successful Pastoral Artisan Producer Festival. We can’t wait until next year!
76 degrees and gorgeous here.
Doing that thing, the one where there is nothing else to do but post on social networks from your phone.
"May the sun in his course visit no land more free, more happy, more lovely, than this our own country!" - Daniel Webster.
It works so far...
don't let the media lull you into forgetting
working in bed this morning ... enjoying these Tuesdays while they last
#COYLC bring home a win.
I love you guys new song..... The vocals are on point, the producing is sick man tight song! Wow!
followed you right back sir!
i get dress so ugly lmao first i put on my sock then my panties then another sock then ma bra lmao wtf naayy
excellent points! NC is such a lovely place (2 of us are from there), & we know the law'll come around with time & effort.
The May 2012 Austin Real Estate Networking Event Is Thursday, May 17
Phillies on top 1-0 sac fly by Pence scores Jimmy
"I am not worried about what side effects it might be having on my skin at all! No chemicals= no worries for me."
what do you mean "for nothing"?!
well good morning to you too hehe
My mom always asks me what i want to watch on tv, and she never lets me watch #whatiwant .
“: Furcal with a leadoff hit in 6 straight games, tying Lou Brock ('74) for the longest streak by a Cardinal since 1974."
oh I believe you!
"Nothing builds self-esteem and self-confidence like accomplishment." - Thomas Carlyle
Band practice on Dakin Street tonight!
anybody have an at&t phone i can borrow for a couple weeks or buy?
done. tomorrow night? do you have ice cream or should i bring you some?
Love you Som! You're one of the strongest people I know! Xoxoxo
Not that I know of :(
Does anyone know if there is a nail salon in terminal d at the Miami airport?
Welcome to Rich Computer Services, a Future Premier IT Service that plans to become a critical resource for Technology and Computers!!!
How's everyone doin' today?!
I feel like i know justin bieber personally.. but the thing is...he doesnt have a freaking clue who the fuck i am
#libchat q2 it should be grand and cheerful!
“: 1972 repeat would be more fun for me and you :)” 1970 was the best.
Someone should write a book on how to act in Walmart. They'd make a shit ton of money and people would be stupid enough to buy it
lol wow been
that's why you use a virtual machine instead of trying to do PITA stuff in OSX.
sorry to hear that! ¿Maybe she needs a margarita?
oh yay work.
Crime/Punishment museum then the Holocast museum. Such a cheery museum day today.
How big is his bust potential? are we talking Ryan Sims bust level? or Wendall Bryant level?
so no worries! I am sick too. really excited about break. 5 more days!
My teenager is pacing back and forth, I suppose it's time for the mall. ICK
Waiter Shawn is way cool at flipburger
Congrats for winning the 100K, very gg sir, lemme know if you go out to celebrate when back in Toronto
“: Don't talk to me today, I swear I'll be rude.”I Know What This Means-.-,Today All Day Ima Have To Be On Your Good Side Lol>,<
Go Spurs Go
almost may 1st and time for that american express gift card giveaway month!
Havin a blast with my cuzins
Someone go with me Saturday to get my tattoo! #prettyplease <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Don Knezek, ISTE #Academedia conf. #GeorgetownCCT Literature teacher found starting discussion abt new book on Wiki brought new kids to fore
I am not complaining. I think the pic was taken spring 2002
Sometimes I like to test companies social media efforts by tweeting them, it's always refreshing to see companies who are doing it right
Well stomach, you've had your way. My entire weekend is ruined. Yay for being sick. :P
is offically over :/ it was a fun tour! so glad i went this year
be sure to post pictures of food & tweet about how you haven't had certain sodas in a while w/pics of the cans
Next up #codeforoakland: Bettastop: Mobile transit service that informs bus riders and lets them give feedback on buses, drivers, routes.
I won't stop until I'm numb, telling myself the night is young.
truth. I'll be back in full force in April. Best watch yourself.
Ravens DC Chuck Pagano is the new coach of the Colts... Thoughts??
These strawberries are killing me. I can't even move my arms without pain..
RT Did you know the average small business operates at a loss for the first three years of existence? Be prepared and be patient!
Who's in castro?
Lady Gaga, why won't you get out of my head?
I am blind af without my contacts
haha you know my tweet that said I hate you? (:
you do!
your moving to a land full of ponies? Lol:-)
Thanks for the Open House shout out, Josh!
Ment to tell u. Had a great poker tourny at ~50 played. Most coaches. Signed balls from cur awarded
PARTY TIME WITH MY BUDDY!
I did, I just read someone else's tweet on it. It would be lovely to see it on the big screen!
thanks 4 the RTs & 4 every cool/fun moment I know I'll have. I'm sure opening night will b rowdy & the best yet-Great film list!
Inspiration and genius-- one and the same. Victor Hugo
And another first weekend exit at the NCAA Tournament for Georgetown
We now have custome windshields you can personally make almost whatever you want. Email for further questions.
I SURVIVED LENT no meat except for seafood.I feel Good! I think I am going to keep it that way. Chicken, Beef and Pork makes my stomach turn
Yes the cradle, cradle will rock I say rock on. Hey! Rock on-Van Halen, And The Cradle Will Rock
so Reza's gone for a hella long time again, what's the game plan? Beard didn't work last time.
Plane crash I was in 22 yrs ago, the pilot was named Hurley. Hurley is my fav plane crash survivor character on Lost. Coincidence?
She loves you!
Studio quotes: "...the fight was over. As soon as someone jams a cigarette up your nose, you've lost."
Safe and Sound by is my new fav. Song. <3
what is the record?
It's Friday! Which means absolutely nothing to sportswriters! Still, I'm very happy for the rest of you.
Finally getting around to watching #isawthedevil tonight. Now to find subtitles/learn Korean.
Surprised to read it is so slow to progress, Great approach you took with using your own genome - hands on learning!
sounds like a cool tool for those who smoke a lot of butts! :)
already had my winner by then and was getting their info, prepping them for air. Only me in here, no interns to answer phones.
The leotard/tights combo: good for dance class, bad for peeing.
Thanks for passing the #LinkedIn #Slideshare comment along. The Age of Consolidation continues, yet chaos still reigns ;)
": Smile like u never cried, Fight like u never lost, Love like u never been hurt, & Live like tomorrow's ur last day."
Friday the 13th (this friday) is the LAST LAST day to submit your film to TFFOC! Submit your film, or be subjected to bad luck!
What about missing most of the top row of teeth? He wears dentures at middle age & would be suitable for the show. Please advise.
not if i carry u on my bak
Reliving last year's Vegas trip...I need another vacation like that...only less Real Worldish drama..:-)
It serves u right #Nebraska. Hope u r enjoying the big 10.
The thing about life is u can't go thru it treating people all kind of ways and then think you will be blessed later when u want that one!
lol I know im cool..i see I have a new fan now...haha...
that was the most disturbing YouTube video I have ever seen!
There's like food everywhere but I cant eat I haven't felt like that in a while
Go For It! Great to see you're still going strong.
Going for a run. If I'm not back soon...wait longer.
#wine Fact: Refrigerators dehumidify so wine stored long term will go bad as the cork will deteriorate.
Damn on my way to school, YAY is Friday!,
I've no problem with "foul" language, but FUCKIN CHRIST people in the military don't curse as much as Prototype 2 feels fucking generic
world's most perfect relationship, I tell you.
amazing how satisfying physical labor is at the end of the day. you can literally see the results, instead of hoping they're in your head.
Chick Fillet bowl... Here come the Badgers!!!
please how can i get a copy of the photo on your twitter page thank you
It's hard for me to picture Kelso playing a multibillionaire who changes the way the world thinks (Steve Jobs).
thanks man.
LMFAO. In the car yelling out the lyrics to Beautiful People by
How beautiful it is to believe in what we cannot see.
and still a long ways to go lol. Halftime show is his forte.
I am very, very weak when it comes to comics. Lol
Stop on by our online store to see our injectible tanning - tan from the inside out with no harmful UV rays www.shop.lasvegashcg.com
No one likes her anymore, I don't get why she just doesn't leave twitter and take her friends with her.
Well guess im gonna get off here & watch The Vow! Nuttin else to do.
I hate seeing a huge billboard poster of a movie that you auditione for and had a callback for a small role... :-( #hemmingway&gellhorn
Very useful and interesting! Thank you for tweeting this!
My hair literally has wings right now, its like a maxi-pad.
...counting down*
Have a re exam in a week omg
I was thinking the same thing, but it sounds like they will only be expanding to 10 teams after A&M leaves.
via : RT: RT: netbook's cost similar 2 some txtbks, Y not buy 20 let them be checked out by people at the lib ...
A trip down memory lane - Herald Times Reporter
Agreed, Abed.
Everybody Can't Rap...
National Philanthropy Day luncheon today honored Janet and Frank Kelly...What a family!
I love institutional websites that have the Drupal favicon.
I don't give a fuck if you like me or not. If you're not honest, I won't want you.
Ravens down 17-7..get ball 2 & Defense gotta slow down pass attack! HUNT HUNT & Keep Hunting til they hanging on our wall!!
Tyler Perry PREACHING! And w sound theology.
. invoking Carter reminds me of Carters warnings to a "credit society".& "energy platforms" We didn't listen
yea, particularly bad security questions. I'm leaning toward formulaic answers for security q's in general.
For anyone who doesn't like the away goal rule...get ready for the most intense 45 minutes of your life.
Now that I have wasted my whole day on Facebook and surfing the net, I should do some "work" before 5p, after all it's billing time!
I thought it was an alright film.
You are most effective when you walk in your purpose
MY TWO FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE SAME ROOM!!!!! <3 <3 LOVE YOU BOTH SO MUCH. :D
lol, Hank's dance is a classic!!!! Him and that neck... Lol
yes I was! I was tweeting and I'll have a new blog post up tonight! I was there with
don't drink all the rum.
I've never had an 11:11 dream come true...
I like when my sound engineer gets excited about a song. :3
lmao!! absolutely NO worst way!!!! Best way or no way! Bahaha and no worries, I'll treat him good! :D <3
I just went and saw the venue looks pretty cool right about meow in the town ball room.
noprobs yea,wait yep i know ur 16 bro
Toby Keith's 'miss you my friend' mixed with a mother who talked about her son who she list to cancer
Many thanks to and everybody at Northwestern who made my visit so engaging! (Not to mention and !)
:) Just completed Week 1 - Day 2 (completed 2.07mi with run pace of 12:51 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with
“: I Love electronic/ house music a lot more now” Carla! Who do you listen to? Have you checked out sound cloud lately?
Just discovered that ESL (my credit union) isn't on Twitter or Facebook - at all. Their website's pretty awful too.
- Thanks, we are, too!
Divine Machine Fire « The Wheel and the Star
- seeing all the clouds yesterday I was worried your plane would be delayed. :)
Today is eternity's seed, and we are its gardeners.
I know! Me too! Now I'm sitting around being bored - wish I had the money for the rest of my bike parts :P
i am in mistery. there ain't nobody who can comfort me. why won't you answer me? the silence is slowly killing me,
Am I the only one awake over here.
Loved GONE GIRL and am really liking WHAT DIES IN SUMMER. I'm hoarding the ABOSOLUTIST and ISTANBUL PASSAGE - seem like sure bets!
True - the most boring A commercial ever. RT This pursuit is like watching a A commercial.
All my niggas be dead.
yes. They have them at freddies
it's a long time to wait but he askd me out like 6times and I kept saying til we meet and holloween is the soonest possible
I'd go ahead and just change your password.
Night work on the green roof. We're tired but so much easier!
somebody find Jose Conseco the Tigers need some roids
Golden State 120 #wiz 100 DC needs a winning team!!! Go UM lady Terps!
Shhiiiiiiiit it looks like the #rupacalypse already hit
Too cute!
wats good bro
Pizza & A Pitcher Night! Buy a pitcher - get a FREE pizza! And our usual 3 for 3 deal is still here - 3 shorties of Miller LIte for $3!
Just got back from the Incognito concert. It was great. Khair Simmons brought India Arie and she was her wonderful self. Maysa was back.
Watching Ricky Gervais on Piers Morgan, he is genuinely a really nice guy and honest. I like that.
Dog walker? Check out this then! www.watchunleashed.com
"So shall thy barns be filled with plenty, and they presses shall burst out with new wine." - Proverbs 3:10
People air their dirty laundry on Twitter...
Like American Idol it airs in September. I used to watch the European XFactor for years, Glad it came to the US
Good ideas. I like to read Bob Lefsetz-on Twitter, his newsletter-bout music industry fail, then think pblshg, learn NOT fail
Just talked about Protagonistas with , THATS SO TRUE (:aint the same without
Seven Springs and Hidden Valley are nearby. Both are decent.
did you end up seeing them?
oh mah gaw. I don't even know how I'm up right now...
I'll switch with him..
It really doesn't because the NFL has the salary cap. It would be better to compare them to the mid-00s Yankees or Sox.
Beckett's locker room line: 6 bud diesels, 2 Popeyes chicken legs, 10am tee time at granite links
said more butt please several times today.
Beasley to Boston? Would solidify the bench, give Pierce more rest.
Hmm...guess that's why Wall Street had been asking for a change, than got it, than the stock went down further. Lulz.
Well, that's that for Punter
Need to make Installment Agreement payments to the IRS? payUSAtax is here to help.
A lovely day of beauty shots...
well that sucks(((((
I close my eyes and pray.
How is Boston blowing this lead?
Vandy a 5 seed? Are you serious? Wow. Vandy vs. Harvard. The battle of the report card.
Not home. Was in Columbia, SC. Now in Hartfield, waiting for my flight to Baltimore.
this weekend's PSO concert has been canceled but please join us for an open concert this Friday 2/12 for a performance of the Mills/Mahler 4
proceed with luxury
Estate sale in Golden Colorado...I'm here. So are 40 other people!
In one week will be our Memorial Day Picnic Our students will be performing on the main stage!
probably not... I don't think I will be landing until late Saturday evening. :(
If it helps, I think the APA vote isn't going to end up being until way later. I can keep you posted, if you want.
Thank you for the head's up on the CSNBA/CA schedules -- we're working on it!
of course. Duces
Pandora is like an ADHD Child instructed to clean their room. They really start off on task, but they get distracted so easily.
lots of good papers today at #philoSOPHIA. My talk tomorrow (TALK not paper) uses LMFAO to help reread Attali through Foucault's biopolitics
well I dunno -__- maybe before it happens im going to a huge party and get wasted
If your relationship ends, it's just God's plan to create a new life for you.
Hey Brad thanks for follow, 6 kids? You barely look old enough to have kids.
PAT is GOOD! leading Pittsburgh 47-38 at the end of the third quarter.
I love your headshot. Could you tell me who shot it? Thanks so much, Colleen.
Shut yo mouth!!
Only God can judge us..
I feel really bad cause I just went off on this guy for no reason..:/ #INeedJesus..!
Qwest DSL has been horrible for months for me. -- like it cuts in and out. >:(
I so want Ariana to follow me! <3. :D xoxo
Short and stout is not cute
i guess must really like when beats the shit out of that cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
u think the colts need to get ride of collins and get gerrard
Apocalyptica. Is that what you're thinking of?
Would you like to write a blog about jobs and the economy and have us feature it? If so, send us an email at !
No braids for me, no no aint doin it!!!!!
Prom dress shopping for sissyyy!
Really tough loss man. We love you guys.
People forget, #Knicks were a healthy #ChaunceyBillups away from giving the Celtics major heartburn in #nbaplayoffs last season.
Thanks for the mention :)
That moment when your crush doesn't text you back and you keep praying he finally does!!!(:
Thankfulness ATTRACTS more for which to be thankful!
Working on my review of Phantom from Space (1953). Should be posted tomorrow morning.
You friends are cracking me up today! Thanks for the laughs! It's a good day!
You mean one Buffy episode after another?
I proofed it like 5 times, so that's entirely on me. It's really MS Word's fault (I'll argue). I bet Clippy would have caught it.
Lets do this shit....
John Chamberlain turned automotive metal, file cabinets and bits of steel into works of art. Learn how conservators protect them tonight @ 7
Tommy Oliver (producer) and Cassandra Freeman (actress) of "Kinyarwanda" are in town!
Today is National Honesty Day. Anything you'd like to get off your chest?
that wasn't there when the lights were off...
nope u on my shit list anyway
i came on here, im getting hate on my bieber account. xoxo
A dollar spent locally will turn over 5 to 7 times! Naughton's is proud to be a family owned local business.
I want cookies at the snap of my finger
H. Douglas, G.Little, M. Crabtree, or V. Brown? Who do you like?
yeah! Can't wait!
Job Link Now: CU Network Services (HawaiiNewsNow) - CU Network Services, a subsidiary of Hawaii Central Federal Credit Union is hiring! G
Had a great time playing with you and The Samurai last night! Glad to have you in Athens!
#Quote at #Gnomedex from "Anyone who tells you that they are a social media expert is fucking lying to you"
Just saw on tv that u have a better chance of being infected by flesh eating bacteria than winning the
what's up?
wine and dessert!! ;D
Live your eyeliner, breathe your lipstick, and kill for each other.
Unlimited soup/salad cannot be beat! It wasn't my idea, but I happily obliged.
i want to see a pic of nialls bottom braces :)
my feed is behind. But omg what is this egg
What the hell is up everyone's asshole today?!
that wasn't sarcasm. I do find them interesting. Probably b/c I don't have a Cintiq.
Looking fwd 2 more tours this wk in warmer weather! Oh hey 45 F, u r warm now! Wahoo! Read new blog posts: auambassadors.wordpress.com
When its not raining I just assume its going to at some point in the day.
One iced coffee is not enough today.
hot hands... must poor water over them..
Where exactly are you that you are consistently seeing such unique roadkill?
I'll just smother it with your unmentionables!!
I jus ordered Rosetta Stone Korean
How are you spending #LeapDay2012? Treat yourself at #BkSq to a massage at or a mocha latte from
Who has kik? :)
Dabo!!! RT “: Miles or Saban…Who would you want coaching your team any given Saturday?”
Facebook, stop trying to be like Twitter. I don't come to you to find out what Jared Leto & Rajon Rondo are up to. I don't know those guys.
I wanna create an iPhone app that auto-deletes all of your text messages after 2am before you wake up
Happy Sunday all! Hope the #extrahour helped!!
The clue for tomorrow's question comes today around noon. Be on your toes... there will only be one winner this week!
thinking about doing a video on our troubles with Terminix, starting with the termite damage I can't get a call back about. nice guarantee
just started thinking about my life situation again. #FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKMYLIFE lol
too bad the Pacers are gunna put another dent in your playoff push on Thursday when the bucks come to Indy
Yay, I love days!:)
MC Lars shouts out Loving #tedxusc !!
No question that Mike Scott could (and would) start at UNC.
I SO #Wish I could be in #NewYork tomorrow 4 the #SuperBowl #parade! Who wants 2 take a road trip?Need 2 leave like now!LoL!
Cant wait 4 this g shock to come in the mail. Ima be ** voice** STUNTIN ON THESE NIGGAZ.. STUNTIN ON THESE BITCHEZ
Up early as hell on the way to slang studios
I have a feeling there's going to be no practice today
I lose myself in thoughts of you.
Really fantastic digital humanities workshop at University of Houston today. I have to spend some time playing with ImageJ
They probably saw his pink headphones and made a pretty accurate assumption
Love hurts when God knows we deserve someone else
Yay! Thank you for watching #HartOfDixie <3 Thats a fun episode I think everyone should have a 14 year old plan a party, right?
Q7 I'm sorry. This is a serious question? I thought it was a joke. Me=no. Patrons eat things+stick them up their noses.
Thank You Have a fun Hump Day ;)
WE ARE ALL SCUMBAGS!!!
I Love Typography
Why can we, like, never get the sweep?!?!?
Oh no I wanna watch Glee tomorrow but I wanna watch the Yankee game :(
I would but I don't have it!!!
. That's sickening. Can't believe that's even legal. I hope one of the "babes" sues them. Wonder what's in their contracts?
On Reading the Classics | The Steve Laube Agency
DYK? Phi Beta Sigma was founded at Howard University ...Happy Founders Day
Uh... Not really? XD But I never am.
McCarthy is the worst clock manager ever.
i just got going with spotify today! Seems nice...
Time to make Easter breakfast which entails soft boiling some eggs and putting out the pizza pasquale.
Are you going to the Guardian event tonight?
Thanks for coming to speak to our EMBA class at Georgetown today!
- Same problem, I think I'm going with Gronk... You?
Memories of bak in the day makin "secret handshakes" with all yur friends
Moving right along with the Post Family Papers digitization project. These student transcribers are awesome!
They're all coo-coo for cocoa puffs... or drunk!
true dat, true dat. Who's that in your icon, btw?(:
No offense, but if you're holding up #Somalia as the #Libertarian paradise, you are making my argument for me.
Freedom was dope this am!! Merry Christmas everybody!
Absolutely, it makes being a sports fan so much more fun. I can't wait for baseball.
OMG I'm dead Lololol the video daisy just showed me >>>>
Although my pic didn't win (Jericho) still one of the best Rumbles ever! Very entertaining
Whoa! Did you get attacted by a orange crayon?
so now I gotta go to the doctor...greatt
Used to embrace the single life, na tryin to move past dat
cardiac arrest is all I see...
after you guys got off there was this idiot repeatedly posting links to inapropriate sights. not sure what they were doing
Is that what you've got in stage tonight? Amazing what a great set of monitors can do, right?
ALL OF THE PRAYERS!!!!!
you stopped talking to me :c
"No one deserves my pristine cunt"
Last week of Chicago + Panto tech week = aaaaahhh!
“: Do you dance? =))” no not really. I mean I can, but I don't dance that much lol.
I am a big advocate of reading. What are you guys reading currently?
Got some New trailers coming down the pipe this week, feels good to reconnect with my GLOTV fam, Will keep yall posted!!
hey, do you have my mobile first book from abookapart?
Getting ready for our media to play at not one, but two trade shows in Vegas next week. Should be a fun, but BUSY time.
Thanks! It's okay, I'll make time... somehow!
A shout-out to on her birthday! Happy Birthday, Lisa!!!
Bad news isn't wine. It doesn't improve with age. ~ Colin Powell
RT : We made top 30 AirPlay Last week again, number 14. Suck it Black Keys.
My new phone is sitting in the sealed box next to me on the couch, I'm currently bribing myself it in order to finish my school work
word word. We miss you. Hurry back.
Feels great to have the tab Ustream opened <3
always a pleasure! Are you out? I might be able to join you for a drink or two
Use to rock all the old shit. . . Till it got O L D !
David and Melina Montelongo @ www.getrichradio.com will be signing
these stupid internet boyz<
Envy is a poverty spirit. Don't fall for the lie that God has run out of favor and there's none left for you.
Jersey Shore night?
First day of interviews was a success!!! Camp is going to be amazing!!!
10-15 million on experience and Arsenal could win something. This loss is on Wenger, for not doing what worked against Bham before
RT : A common symptom of fetal alcohol syndrome is owning nunchucks.
San Diego County honors my boss,Chris Van Gorder,CEO & Sheriff's Search & Rescue Reserve Cmdr as: Volunteer of the Year !!
Liliana Ranon: LULAC is activating the youth! Mobilize the college students. Harness their energy & enthusiasm to make a difference.
#evanlongoria is a golden god
Can't find you on my list anymore? Where did you go?
i really shouldn't put myself down so much.
My voice has finally descended into the Kathleen Turner range. Best part of being sick.
Oh cool! See you at Disrupt!
Very sweet welcome from #12NTC crew w a great presentation about where to go in San Francisco
Rock and Roll is not for the reverent.
haha i saw that and it made me think of something we would do
At the #YoungProfessionalsOfAlbuquerque #LunchWithLeaders did a brief rundown re
You remind me of an elf with grey hair that's short and fat(:
To whomever asked for a $400 Vitamix blender and the Le Creuset dutch ovens on FreeCycle-- I truly wish you the best of luck.
that's how I'm feeling right now in BK
Dear Televison, I can honestly say that #90nickalodeon has made my personality #allthat so thanks - sincerely tv junkie
As is mine. ": ": 30 Rock live... This Thursday." Thank you, Alec. DVR set."
Don't assume. u make an ass out of yourself. thought everyone knew this. Apparently not lol
yoo!! i called u
Bruins played some solid games.
Knuckleheads this Saturday night !!
(Francois de la Rochefoucauld) Those who apply themselves too closely to little things often become incapable of great things.
“: My sleep schedule is forever fucked up.” :)
Awesome and can't wait! Never missed an episode and never will miss one! :)
Thank you to all the soldiers, sailors and airmen who have and are protecting our freedom. Home of the free because of the brave!
You know what? Maddie's more supportive. She approves.
REALLY sad thing is,the women at my last job would read that & go "thank GOD I can pretend I know what he's talking about now."
RT : Goldman's CEO hires defense attorney
literally have been dying to ride one of these!!!
When people cut you down or talk behind your back, remember, they took time out of their pathetic lives to think about you.
Hope to see you there!
"I have some serious lady wood here" haha
Throwing markers at my tv and making awkward noises. . .
btc I called you !
VOD down for 4 days like everyone else. You guys need to let people know what's up. This is how we watch TV.
receptors and drug metabolism shit
How will there ever be #nerdland in Newark with under-funded public libraries?
As would say. This OKC/Faker game is OVAH!!!!!!
hm. I'll find something :)
I'm gonna come slap him and not in a just ate the pie kinda way
It's my cross to bear...
Many casting calls are coming out. Prep by scheduling a Private Lesson with Laura Mathis, voted "Best Acting Coach" in 2011 and 2009!
at least you own up to it ;) Happy Friday back at ya'.
Doin Time. Sold out. Turned more than 30 people away. One more show. Tomorrow at 7 Tickets on sale at 6pm. Blackbox Theater at
flyers? Getting all the scores to my phone tonight :/
The Frog Princess kiss Thin lips of cool blue passion Her breath smells of flies
girls night with my best friend! <U+2665>
It's not always so glamorous RT Can I come work with you??!! Please?! :)
#NFAIS 12% of Americans have no cell phone at all. Really? I know focus was supposed to be on the majority that have smartphones, but wow.
dat is nasty
by the baseball field
Thank you for the RT, Mike. How's SF treating you?
while essay-writing, i'm pacing around my living room waving around a lightsaber courtesy of yep. i must look so cool.
Who is the Lone Aardvark's faithful Indian companion?Tanto
Elizabeth Smart at #ywcaelpaso luncheon: "Don't let the past rule your future."
CANT nd wont be on abdc S7 cuz theyre not allowed to come bak once theyve been on the show. Don't get crazy...its false rumors..
#eviltip 04 hurt everyone, love only yourself
Going to Event Rm for celebration. Btwn all platform teams, we cut 1.2 MW of power from the Data Centers last year. Great accomplishment!
Why do I even bother?
Reasons why I hate my school : 1) Wakin up early. 2) Annoyin teachers. 7) Homework. 5) I still bad at math 4) I cant spell.
This summer all I'm gonna eat is pineapple sherbet! I'm gonna be really skinny . Loll(;
Currently writing the article RE: John 3:16. As the founder of the New Classical Scholarship, I am at a disadvantage conveying this info...
hfdosghfsdghs im your biggest fan from mexico, i have watch almost all of your movies,you are an inspiration, follow back ;´D
oh how ridiculous you are :P
Great brown bag lunch presentation today at the Portland building to learn about the Maritime Heritage Coalition. Thanks everybody!
ump #lazdiaz sucks. He was awful!!
I really got a shade darker just walking home from school
Heading out to go eat some cafe east .
thanks. I've googled quite a few myself. Just looking suggestions of the best. Appreciate it. I'll check it out.
me too
US history through film.
Congratulations on a well deserved primary win for NC Sec. of State incumbent !
Kudos to my high school alma mater, Brighton HS, on being named one of “Best for Music Education in America” (via )
and you know that the add on show would be your current new favorite piece of music.
just looked up swype. May have to try it. Although I'm generally too cheap to pay for an app, I do make exceptions ; )
happy birthday!!!!!!
The International Chamber Artists are here right now performing in our lobby. It is absolutly AMAZING TO HEAR! Come stop by.
Happy V-Day to you too from your loving fans in south florida (no tongue) ;)
...ok shrek soundtrack is grounds for shanking. shrek is my worst movie ever.
Wish I could be a stow-away in your steamer trunks. Send us pix if you can :)
I write them both ways. What does that say about me?
with John Adams, John Hancock, the Black Horse and the Cherry Tree!
Thank you! RT : Thank you we had a great time. Wonderful event, well done.
seems like just yesterday #OneTime came out. time flys. happy 18th birthday justin<33 :)
Got Midget Girls By The Pair,Throwing Food Stamps From 1996 In The Air...I Don't really Care
I'm not a bitch I just don't like you .
When we win on Sunday, yes
LOL yes, yes you do
“: last I checked...Henry Aaron is still alive! Want to rethink the post "greatest living player?" #Hank” Quality Tweet!
banana republic
#uievs #critique Rules of critique: avoid prob solving, designer is responsible for follow up, everyone is equal
I'm curious about "Stuff." What's the recipe or is it a family secret?
Oh, #mlanet12 is really soon. I need to start on those slides and talk notes. Eep.
Summer Outdoor Entertaining With Littlewoods Ireland - Sacramento Bee
AH so much love between cotton candy and me. Nobody can break that kind of bond.
Everyone breath! Great game Cats!
your telling us...Suppose to be a nice weekend hope to see you on the patio!!
finding the most beautiful roses ever
": shanty lo!! and wtf happened to you?"/u was suppose to call me this mornin!! In the beginnin I need motivation
Headed to kick-off planning meeting in Paducah- stay tuned for details, big things are coming!
smh u was all up n down my tl mentionin ppl n it took u 30mins 2 say a few words 2 me in my DM
Great day for football
Befriended today!!
So happy is back well worth the wait
Went to sleep at five woke back up at six Rollin up at seven Finna be high by eight studio by nine promo at ten
get off my dick hoe
I hate autocorrect. Stupid Itouch. Oh hey. Anson finally followed you :p
Find out what success means to YOU.
How was your weekend? any input about Fri/Sat?
oh I get it at
Going to Barret-Jackson Car Auction later in week any comments??? Yes, I will do some videos for you...
got trust issues
Congratulations to Logan Lisle who took first place with his magic act at this afternoon's talent show!
I'm following him
gonna go to school today.. than to joeys.. than to plains.. than to haileys in plains.. :)
yo what up
Can't stop crying
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.
The U is on.
Oh my God. What utter douchebaggery. <U+2192> They are serving wedding cake to celebrate their win in NC. Disgusting.
too short! But awesome. How'd yours go?
RT : Next hotspot for DC: "I dream that Adams Morgan...will be the hot neighborhood 10-15 years from now." --
Apparently I harbor a moderate bias in favor of Herman Cain. I didn't think I was as anti-robot as that test revealed me to be.
ikr it should b a decent summer considering alot of ppl will b 21 now
CF Tips: 3/5 Be sure to turn all computers & monitors OFF at night, leaving them on standby still uses around 40% of their energy.
Josh Hamilton. Out of Control. Tonight.
#LAKings are tripped on short hand break... penalty shot (hard to score). Canucks keep PP & Sedins on ice.
We're live right now on ZENLIVE.TV
BLAKE SHELTON is number one today Congrats Blake !!!
lol we did ok!
#9RoundMinute: 15 Push Ups followed up with 15 Jumping Jacks...HERE WE GO!!
Colleague Jeremy Bernfeld- making his 1st visit to Manhattan (KS) for Harvest Public Media story.Hope it doesn't turn into a tornado report.
#schoolmemories when 2 random kids asked me if they can sit at my table & became my best friends. I love you Chelsea and Jeremy.
Sounds like you're going to be mighty busy keeping track of other people's writing, let alone their content. Good luck to you ;-) !
Tony Romo or David Garrard, which one of these two QBs will have the better passer rating this season?
Well I know what mine and s plans are for July 1st :)))
USL Pro Update: Nicki Paterson recorded one goal and two assists to lead Charleston to a 4-0 win over Antigua Friday night.
listening to music, mad bored.
Have a great Mother's Day #SanDiego! Treat your mothers right!
I wonder what that was. A lot of people were screaming 0.o
Hell yeah RT : Your a dope rapper!
Do what you love so that you never work a day in your life. Don't play it safe; take the risk that could make your dream come true!
How annoying!
I seriously need a nap
Is Funny In The "Lean Back" Music Video By Fat Joe :]
lol that's an app tht tracks people who unfollows you. Still don't think so what?
It is starting to look spooky in the Falls. Storm's on its way.
i'll see you tomorrow
Stay tuned to check out her work. Did I say she was brilliant.
I haven't started on any of my homework..
I keep trying to like Indian food. But honestly, I feel like I just ate a pile of slop and I have no idea what was in it.
ha I couldn't believe when I saw four fire trucks roll up in my driveway...
And so goes the strangest day ever...
will do thanks pimpin
As I eat my giant plate of ribs, I'm reminded that meat is murder. Tasty, tasty murder.
Haha Well dance rehearsals Got Changed To 3 So I Guess Im Stuck At Home!
Check out our win against Delbarton today at 3pm on MSG Varsity
Thanks me too /: They took like 5 blood samples today and they're gonna get results to me son hopefully
you'll still be classier than Muncie's finest.
Thanks for the framed print, Ad Council of Rochester! Love working with you, had a blast with the creative.
Since when does it snow in FLORIDA!? : p that's very odd % O
No special dispensation from the Archbishop for Opening Day?
does she have a eharmony account as well and is she 26?
so high up in the clouds to far for anyone to bring me down
Money on my mind MELODAGOON MOBRECORDS
Key word there was "NEED".
lazy pass.....no excuse
my pleasure! Great event last night!
WHAT HATERS?
Dang breght, we gotta get a new background for this thing!
Thank you for all that you did this weekend to help us all transform. I am committed to 2 mm changes and victory is near
Center stage get at me!
Canon targets RM250m from new printers
new song for the cd called funnypeople
That's the life! RT : All the things I really like to do are either illegal, immoral, or fattening
OK all you annoying spam accounts are annoying AF.
If you're ready to leave, don't come crawling back to me.
Hey Conan - Does it have alcohol in it?
Enjoyed a leisurely breakfast of hot oatmeal with the kiddos today because of the late start. What did you do with the extra two hours?
hang out friday night!!!!!
Not once have a woke up in the morning feeling like P Diddy. I don't know how this Kesha character does it
New York Man Convicted of Scheming to Blow Up City Subways - Bloomberg
No not yet, flying over tonight so thats why I'm excited :) x
Tomorrow I graduate and start the next chapter of my life. I feel an excited/nervous poo coming on.
You sure are.
We'll be rockin Murphy's Law in #Sunnyvale on Thursday.
thanks, Fi!! You are so sweet :D
Thank you for your friendship. Looking forward to 2012. Talk soon!
Made it to #pens practice. A little late. What I miss?
going to the gym, trying to shape that body up. Do you ever exercise? How do you?
Rosco is able to stay thanks to a generous private donation. Also going to try and get donors to provide food for Rosco.
haha I know!The humor outweighed the embarrassment of outing myself! Luckily got all that out of my system young;)
i'm laying on the couch reading a book. On a Friday night. Please move back so I can look forward to weekends. Thanks!
ok will that take along time then?? Please let us know
EVERYBODY I Have A new Page Its. Feel Free To Follow And I Follow Back! :) Thanks!!
Alarms have gone off in the State Capitol and the building has been evacuated.
blumlein or spaced pair?
I get uncomfortable too fast now
Not to be a Debbie Downer or anything, but you can thank the air pollution for those 'awesome' sunsets. ;)
words cannot begin to explain how much I despise you right now.
take my advice. i dont use it anyway.
Good Monday morning to you!!!
yes, well they do tend to hv the best shoes.... ")
I will look at this Tweet every Saturday and pretend it is the first time I have seen it.
RT : Just convinced a solo runner to finish the last 20 miles I can only hope to have that kind of strength one day
Yeah I saw you guys were on tour. Good stuff! Have any videos from the trip?
You don't drown by falling in the water; you drown by staying there.
My brother is snoring hard as fuck!
Ur only talkin to me cus u and ur Man beefin again...but yeah u can lick All ova me watever that means..
is anticipating movie
#SheriffGarcia eating major crow, This is an embarassment for Garcia”and Guthrie will remove him November. Bye bye Garcia. Pack
Whatevs. Grandma and I watch Castle every week. Beckett's so hawt!
The awkward moment when you don't know how to continue the conversation
Summer vacation oh how I love thee :-)
No, it sounds great. Thx for the lead and the RT! MB
oh man, I'm really excited for you now haha. Heinz Hall is so cool, too.
still working on that cover EP. suggestions?
Bored....where are you?
Apotheosis coming soon
How was yo day
Agreed. RT : this series will be the death of me. i'm sure of it.
On business trip In Schenectady for next 2-3 days. Want to visit First Playable Productions in Troy!
Definitely try it with cognac! It's truly amazing.
Ok We for real need to get this #Cincinnatitude going NOW!
My boy doing his thing
I know i look good and all but I only Fuck Pussy have to make that clear
That smoking commercial seriously scares me...
Hope everyone has a tremendous weekend!
That just wouldn't be fair - By the way, Kemp batting .402 with .484 OBP before that last base hit
Now that we know everyone has a price and no government body we can trust, what is next? No cash=you have no privileges, cash=everything?
art of the king size J
Ended up getting actually waterboarded shooting a PSA against the new #NDAA. Replicates drowning. Is in fact torture. Will post soon!
Why don't you have a phone?!
I'm gonna spend all tomorrow night making a beat. And it's gonna fuck you up.
anytime my friend things are going great hope all is well with you and your family!
That's sad. I'm such a klutz. I HAVE A MILLION.
Break a bitch scholar
hope it helps. keeping fingers crossed. :)
Budweiser conquered Prohibition by Instagram-filtering America!
Ahh, Sweet! You Rock it Bud!
here, here
wow long time no tweet.
follow me(: thanks(: you probably wont but its worth the try!! <333
sounds very interesting, where would you have to relocate ?
Right! I'm scared for the Nats!
This smoothie tho!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
"Trying to replace/my feelings of vague dread with/specific concerns."
Something awesome happened.
Who still looks at april 1st as #aprilfoolsday?
The idea of Chris Paul in a game 7 is pretty terrifying, you have to admit.
*to the tune of the old Spiderman theme* <U+266A><U+266B> Rendering! Rendering! Takes so long, that it makes me sing! <U+266A><U+266B>
Installing SQL Server 2008 R2 on my virtual machine to rebuild an ASP MVC4 website.
does he get special attention during school? And shoutout to alexa?:)
Great game right now, but I am hoping that it is possible for both the Colts and the Jets to take the loss.
Hope not!
Agreed, It makes work suck a little bit less
hhahaaa its likes a heartburn feeling but aye that's nothing rolaids can't fix! And thank ya!
Okay! Sounds awesome! Night dear! Love you too!!
#IfOnlyYouCould show me that you cared..
I think would be a good suggestions. RT : The Oscar show needs a host born after the Dodgers moved to LA.
haha we have albums of just you and rasha
make ya way to the jungle fool
Good looking out, it was great! I wasn't sure what to get too RT : Have a pecan waffle for me please!
I texted u back twice bro.
#CongratsOn3MillionLiam Woohoo Liam! We all love you :)
At this point if you still think Justin Bieber isn't a sexy mofo, I'm judging you so hard. omfg.
Finally seeing humpday. Popcorn for dinner. Could do with a new movie going companion.
FYI - You guys are great throughout the week, BUT on Sat & Sun I don't even THINK about tuning in! Rather listen to static!
why not throw your job seekers up on our free job board at minorityjobs.net. follow me also for latest on interview tips
Strong email content with a sound offer tethers together customer experiences across web and social outlets!
. might make interesting crosstabs for Kos/P polls - try 'em both and see what happens? certainly would change paradigm
GABY I NEED YOU
Come, be forgiven and freed. Come to the One who makes us whole
Adding to today's wanker list the insurance agent for the car who hit mine, repeatedly calls & leaves msgs when I say I'm *not* available.
I miss how Austin used to upload covers every week or so :/
Visit us any time today & fill out a customer feedback survey. We love your feedback. You could win a great gift from
I ment I love my family so much lol my bad.
Yes. It seems to be system-wide. A result of FB safeguards or a Google-FB war>
oh, I thought you meant The Smiths song.
Think Like A Man ;& Your Heart Won't Feel No Pain ;)
I'm freak freak freak freaking out
Who gets grounded for a month for sleeping at a friends house? This girl
Time to think about the difference between "not talking" and "listening." Because there is one--and it is huge.
Nope. I am handless. Just a brain. Hey do you have any weird things installed that suppress OSX animations?
ugh I wanna stay home. );
My colleagues and I have experienced several reorgs and rounds of layoffs in our library in past & understand the uncertainties and anxiety.
#Gulati par for the course in world football, probably sold us out for $ in our own WC bid.
on the 16th for a week thats our spring break I aint been home in a while dis the 8th month
Our servers are based in the US, not Canada, but we think we have the best platform for running Drupal ;)
Edo's Squid it was! A delight. Thanks and all...
the written version is great, maybe I just need to see some saloon doors and escalators.
T-Wolves coach Adelman holding a briefing on Ricki Rubio at 5:45. We're there and will have a update on Fox 9
Enjoy your orientation - good luck!
I understand that and he will get there ..
RT Morning exercise.
i made it myself because my mom never cooks ;C aha
": If a person is born deaf, then what language do they think in? #mindblowing" wish mind blown
Plus he is a great role model for my little girl do your thing JB much love coming from this
isnt that called beef jerky?
UW-Madison guys received an A+ attractiveness grade? Glad to see the rest of the campus couldn't weigh me down!
Hi Michelle!
God is good count ya lessings life is preceuss
Bring on the tornadoes! We love Oklahoma!
"And if it means I'll be waiting 20 years, and 20 more-I'll be praying for redemption and your note, underneath my door." ::the civil wars::
#txla12 CE certificates should be available online beginning May 1st - we have a web page where you will fill out info and get cert
• THANK YOU THANK YOU 4 this, & 4 RT'ing this. It's what we've all been waiting for, a clear explanation.
Morning early birds hope you ladies & gents day starting off good #TeamLesbian #TeamBisexual #TeamLNC #TeamGay #TeamNOH8 #TeamStr8 *kisses*
That horrible sinking feeling when you learn one of your fave artists "found Jesus" and all she sings now is god-y music. Ick.
What's a good bar to go to on a Saturday night down South Side?
Yes, Ma'am. Let people know that there is a local, natural alternative to fast food's toxic diet.
R.I.P DJ AM
Coyote Motorsports is hosting Question and Answer on maintainence for your motorcycle or ATV with our Techs TONIGHT at 7pm. Food and drinks!
- we got a whole lotta mobile library history we can feed forward. and make it fun now!
definitely a lot going on today :o
I get so sleepy so easily now!
I agree... I watched MJ play in a few games when he was sick. Nobody made a big deal about it.
Wow I forgot about that! Im deleting it now!
: yes i was scared it was gunna come eat me! :O
Got a Facebook friend request from a woman I thought had died a few years ago...awkward
I guess when a group "friends" nt cool with one person they nt cool with u either
Every nigga in Cincinnati say they're a rapper
So now I'm retarded for posting a lyric from lupe... Wow.
Commercial Fire in Vancouver (Near Vancouver Lake) on NW Fruit Valley Rd near NW 61st St...
go barry!!!
There are close to 40 #ARVO2012 posters that reference Reichert Ocular Response Analyzer. Understand the #cornea, understand the pressure.
I get in next Thursday night and leave on Sunday - I have an event at Huntington Park on Saturday night, u around all weekend?
Lololol I love messing with people. Especially when it scares them, xD
From donors! We're a non-profit. So glad you liked the space. Come visit again soon!
When I sneeze it's like the entire world shakes!
Morning. Have a great day tweeters.
Will the Western wilderness only exist in photos, or will any be saved-like parks? On WORLD 10.2 at 7, #RobertRedford joins the debate.
“ The summer is mine !”winter too !
How do sheep keep warm in winter ? Central bleating !
heheheh you will love it. Oh sad day, I can't go to the LIK show :( no one can take me
4) This is bad for Pitt AD (Steve Peterson) who quickly jumped to hire Graham after org. HC was fired a mere 2 1/2 weeks after being hired.
We're excited to move in!
miss you girl!!
dude! honored. HB!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> RT: I think I am going to visit you today for my 21st birthday lunch before the match.
That's next...duh duh duh!
Can you update me on last night's K3 funding discussion? I only heard about Falk suggesting possible referendum.
check your msgs
is this ya last yr
Thanks Luke! Cheers to many more!
how does he look?
Woah woahwoahh just found out i have a lil canadian in me
Yo sorry I haven't been on umm I've just been busy so if you have any Q just twitt me
A very good point.
Um. So I can go with ABC and listen to a woman beater sing, or NBC and listen to Flo Rida sing double entendres about fellatio? Great...
At Mars Cheese Castle. #heaven who's got requests?
He hadn't paid for it. He opened them and returned them. I waited until he began to walk away before I approached him.
Working , enjoying the #Reno riverwalk and celebrating Mother's Day! And u?
#SaySomethin cause your driving me crazy<3
¹³ Drew looks at me, I fake a smile so he won't see
Let's get this win today !! :) #glax #forEMTV :D
yea i'll work on that...
Blah blah blah
“: Be honest: More painful part of CBS pre-game show: Interview w Jim Rome or interview w E*Trade baby?”. Yes
call me ASAP
My to-do list for this weekend just doubled in the past 10 mins
Does it have to be realistic?
YESSIR... let's get that 5 digit number this year... then we'll work on our hook and get that paper!
Obama wants a change and we want dollars.
I know girl! I'm with my grandparents so I'll call you sometime soon! Xoxo :)
that's cool even tho I can't go I'm happy for yhur #MahomiesInLA <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Me too. “: Very happy to reconnect with my peeps in #Brenham”
Because you are my help, I sing in the shadow of your wings. My soul clings to you; your right hand upholds me. - Psalm 63:7-8
Thanks! It's getting easier. Yeah, Nike + GPS. :)
Please follow:: :)
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
just hit a squirrel...omg
These are the best. Cant wait! RT With games starting this weekend in Maryvale "Island Noodles" concession stand is being set up
Damn! Day is going fast!
Ugh this is scaring me.
It was beauty who killed the beast.
Hopefully tomorrow is a good day
RT, Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder. LOL =D
Im The Best You Never Had
#nuggets put up a good fight but couldn't pull it off #lakers 96-87 in game 7 of the
Well the title is Battleship. Like the Board game i guess but it has Decepticons in it. START THE FUCKING MOVIE!
You should cancel your filming + come 2 ThirstDC next Thurs! We've got en entire line-up of SI scientists 4 u 2 toast!
#fridayreads Started THE NIGHT CIRCUS by Erin Morgenstern.
I fill sick my neck and head hurt
What are they putting in children's asthma medicine these days? I can't sleep yet is becoming a nightly thing.
YOU?! US....like how do you handle a situation like this..
listen to my audio I recorded on hallo
I swear, I'm not staying awake at 4:00 A.M. when my mom told me to go to sleep.
FYI students are creating design campaigns to encourage students to participate in
WARNING: My Twitter account has been hacked. If you receive a "direct message" from my account, please do NOT click on the link. Argh!
I want to watch Star Wars, but I've not checked in with nerds. Can I get a digital version anywhere? Will the new blue-ray disappoint?
A skeletor Avi! Nice! You need to get you some Barbasol AVi soon though!
BREAKING NEWS ON AMBER ALERT. Car belonging to father who's suspect in triple murder found in New Hampshire. Latest at 6 on
Just bought more weed!
I will follow Please follow
Thx! I'm in English. Our feminist wking grp read Ahmed's Killing Joy: Feminism & the History of Happiness in June. Love it.
A guy shouldn't wait for Valentines day to treat his girl like a queen.
So apparently I am a horrible parent because I have never taken first day of school pics of my kids and posted them on FB.
We're trying out a photo-sharing option. thank you for your patience.
would love to meet you as well! See you there!
President Obama announces Jodi Gillette as Senior Policy Advisor for Native American Affairs, White House Domestic Policy Council.
Mediterranean Chicken topped with sun-dried tomatoes, kalamata olives, capers and red onion!
thank you for the follow! Have a great weekend!
Just saw Ben Stein at the Mission Bay Hilton! Bueller... Bueller...
I have to tweet so I can rub my adventures on everyone's face :)
Thanks Ass man! If I put up a pic like that, Id get a shitload of followers. Lmaooo. I'm more than that though! ay papi!
great #deals coming your way! Anyone need fantastic #headshots or a kick-butt #reel?
CONGRATS AND MANY BLESSINGS TO YOU.
Sounds like newest wrinkle showing in #Badgers offense under OC Matt Canada this spring: 2 TBs on field at once (both M. Ball & J. White).
just showed Tom your designs for the shirts. His response: Brilliant. I couldn't explain them as well as you did, but he got it.
are you there, tom? it's me.. twitter.
no im on 4.02 still i havent updated since the last time back in august lol.
Sometimes it takes a little to make so much worthwhile....
If you need sightseeing tips, let me know. I live in Seattle and have season tix for the Sounders.
it's about to be veggie smoothies the rest of the day, need to level the system!
#np houstalantavegas- drake old ass jam. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
at 10pm on a friday night? i thought i was old just by being in lol RT : im so tired
Love it! Steak is becoming our Christmas menu of choice.
Oh good. You're bringing them! Stoked.
yea I'm thinking about getting it! It could really come in handy especially living in TX with all these messicans lol
Hell yes! RT : Holy shit... We play the Crystal Ballroom in 4 days. Pretty stoked about that.
what it do?
I love
Robert Mondavi's widow Margrit is writing her memoirs and publisher promises full and frank revelations about her life with Robert Mondavi.
awk moment i just saw this after my last tweet :#
What have I learned from making records?-I learned niggas im above ain't getting any better..
You guys, my boyfriend has a pumice stone shaped like a big, swirly lolli pop. Is this real life?
thx to ! is otw to pay some #attention to see ya soon! cc:
Had a Messy BBQ and yes it was thick as fuck we sure do know how to bring em out
...free my baby bro FREEKY BAYBEE
tonight's good by me - where y'all at?
Learned a lot today! Headed to the O's game.
's DON'T DRESS FOR DINNER starts previews tonight!
Goodness is the only investment that never fails. ~Henry David Thoreau
I must be wearing too much purple... all my sanity and wits have vanished. Well Eugene Hütz did promise...
Those who offered me no birthday wishes are sentenced to die. On a date TBD. By a method TBD.
In this sea of plaid shirts my plaid shirt feels inadequate. At a hipster convention.
i don't have a choice but i still choose you <3
McIlroy or Tiger?
me too Jenna :-) RT : Just logged onto the ISGS webinar!!
I feel like I'm going to see him even less then I already do .
It's an amazing thing for a pastor to show up to church on a snowy morning and find the walks and entries salted and shoveled! THANK YOU!
RT : I will take advantage of any opportunity to wear a Hawaiian shirt
hahah typical!! Love it! Miss ya guys!
people got worried?
will be closed tonight night for a private event
Yeah it was a good one and I deserved it. Everyones hate should be directed towards the Cards.
WHY DON'T PEOPLE GO BUY a diary Instead of posting there whole life story on Facebook and Twitter?
She's super cute and amazing! Teething like nobody's business.
Excited to read SELLOUT by to follow!
My laptop just completely crashed!! It's doing some Vista Repair thing and it is really scary :-(
Muaha! , another reader drawn in! MT: : Read Vol 1 of Locke & Key today (finally). Immediately requested volumes 2-4.
yup, glee almost made cry tonight.
Hoping to have one new item up on Etsy this week, and another to follow next week.
Nothing worse than having a kid who is a picky eater!! UGH
Half my pillow is soft fluffy cotton, the other half is clumped up balls of knitting yarn.
good luck call me after por favor
Its a run batted in (rbi) if its only one and its runs batted in (rbis) if its more then one. Not too complicated.
I am NOT a role model *Chuck B voice*
Only in LA :) RT : Running in to doing the same Mother's Day shopping as us was pretty amusing :)
why should we be online? part of citizenship is showing up
Tonight is... interesting. Someone get me a drink.
I just realized my car is the razor and the VW service department's the blades.
Nicole. I love you. Did you forget about me? :(
thx girly! We all need little reminders!
My grandparents are visiting today and my mom wants me to clean my room it's not like theyre gonna come up here
You've been quiet. ..what's the latest in your world?
hahah no absolutly not that was an all time worst..but i will say amish people need to jump in the shower cuz that doesn ...
Just got sick. Great.
Just finished a piece and not sure how to proceed. Check out our advice for writers: polyphonyhs.com/guidelines
mee too! D:
aha i like that and me follower s r #lovesavers haha just kidding i love it hakuna matata :)
3 standing ovations this past weekend, Chicago is definitely my knid of town!
We do! RT : Who wants to hang out with me this afternoon.. Just had bbq chicken and 3 sides of beans from
yes! Nail party! I can't wait to get more colors but this is a good start!! Ooh I want to hear news!!
my goals for the tourney: don't get pissed away on the blinds, and go down in a blaze of glory. achieved!
I don't get it, I went to bed at 9:30, but I barely slept well, and now I'm wicked tired. can I ever get sleep when I actually need it?!
Wow, I've just realized that it's already March...WTF...?!?
Live Your Passion. You are created an Original. Stop Been A Bad Photocopy.
#SPARC_binfield impressive Article Level Metrics suite will be open source, advocated
My 1000th follower was one of those fake profiles with the hot-girl pic. Sigh. Wonder what %age of the total they are.
Kudos to every public servant who has the guts to stand apart from the herd, when necessary.
Why don't I use #twitter any more<U+E336>
See #Jeffbullas great advice on 37 ways to use Twitter for Biz...plus other amazing insights. SOLID info...not just puff.
stop texting me
real talk homie...rage hard tonight AND tomorrow!
Ah nice.
Pretty sure the guy gives her a haircut in that fashion after capturing her.
Thought for Today: "A nation is a society united by a delusion about its ancestry and by a common hatred of its neighbours." -
Is MONK easy or hard to use?
“: Tell me lies; make em sound god.” i just cured aids <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Close to 100 Waldos of different shapes and sizes came out for the flash mob! Success WAS found!
#bird wisdom :v "pates" are what the humans take most seriously. Befoul them.
Any word on when in September the final season of #Fringe begins?
Today's #SDUT proves the adage: more money than sense. That rag's editorial page is full of crazy talk & nonsense most days--today's, too.
Learning, growing with at #onstartweethouse kick-off.
Yeah they just blew in the door wielding axes and were acting all authoritative and cop-like. Was super lame.
It's a good problem to have when you can't get into your favorite band's show, right?
My Pop's has Cancer also
anyone catching the U2 performances on Letterman? I'm not blown away by the new songs but the energy in the Sullivan Theater has been !!!!
If you're following me & I'm not following back let me know cause my Twitter unfollwed ppl on its own smh -.-
why would you say babe?
"I had a dream that you cleaned your room." -
thanks! yeah, it was interesting to watch the fauxhawk develop a week or so after birth.
Hey it ain't gonna suck itself... that was completely inappropriate of me, I apologize.
also his sense of style!
Tears OF joy!”)
Only 65 people at CPHA forum at War Memorial bldg.
cruel timing. there was a major tech glitch on the comments and it just got fixed a couple hours ago. DM me, we'll get fixed
Fudge. I meant fudge. (Fuck.)
Hey I would destroy you at words with friends:).. so if u feel like a challenge hit up lol !
Rock chalk
My kitchen radiator sounds like Daffy Duck!
Our New Years Resolution? Peace of Mind for you! We're working TODAY so you dont have to.
Thanks for following
RT : You are a fucking scumbag lowlife who doesn't deserve anything good in life.
Prepare for a slew of Retweets from places that have been talking up the Lashman this weekend....
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.
and I'm done talking to u lol
Taxonomy meetup. That's how you do it.
Stop by Horton Plaza tomorrow from noon to two p.m. for your chance to win free Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition tickets! Be sure to...
haha. I finally got this. bodies in the pond
. Yes, quickly approaching! We're excited! Are you going to or interested in going to one of the programs this year?
I got too much shit to do for my day to just be getting started. Gotta show more responsibility.
where the hell have you been?!
Got offered a return show at the "VIPER ROOM" L.A. sunset strip..
Im done smokin....its time to take life serious for awhile
Hey lovely tweeps. What's up? How is everyone? I finally got a decent night's sleep...8 hours and I feel MUCH better.
Looking for a Reference Librarian for a temp-to-hire position located in McLean, VA. Candidates with a MLS and a minimum of two years of l…
That's what you get when you screw with your friends and leave everything behind for something glamorous.
Yep... just got bombed. But I'm not stupid enough to click that link. LOL
“: To all the folks who bash their center cities - you can't be a suburb of nothing. #thinkregional” you go girl!
i c u up flyin wit da nite hawks
stop being so lazy then! ;) x
I keep both eyes on my man. The basket hasn't moved on me yet. Julius Erving
A vision that reveals your inner heart and your mind is the root of a satisfied life. J Kaminsk
miss you more
Is there any real evidence that you have to search hard to find timely,relevant, rigorous sociologists?
An example of how detached I am from life: I went to both Chipotle and 5 Guys thinking "oh, it's Friday night. No one will be there"
I LOVE and together!
can you follow my friend she loves you and a big fan
Don't look like I messed much on here!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
My cosin told my brother he can't purr cause he another got No teeth
#Pens don't #believe anymore. Getting beaten all over ice, turnovers, bad goaltending & stars invisible. All at worst time.
you too... and thanks
Sold my soul waiting tables today, but I got free cookies.
you were amazing at ATF in Tulsa this weekend ! It was my 3rd year going.Can't wait till your movie comes our !
Getting Ready 4 Work. Get to c my Bestie Fran :)
Oh hell naw!
Why doesn't uses his executive power to limit campaign contributions for everyone (including corps) to $100 per year?
I showed #oomf the outline of my dick. I know she liked it lol.
suit jacket pocket handkerchief: Solid Color Pocket Square by Jacob ...
Can't think of anything better!
what else is new?
Its ok Harry I had a price sticker on my boob once & some guy in my class randomly took it off
R U coming? U R invited with friends to our Holiday Party & Fashion Show 6-10 PM Sun Dec 11th @ La Vida. Bring ID 21+ & Gifts $10+. Hayavi
How the DEVIL are you sir? Still in Seattle?
Hey Sarah, what's the best email to reach you? Feel free to DM me as well! Thanks so much!
First friday , junkyard , and mid night bowling ! Tonight should be a fun night !
Just listened to SuperLuv. . . I absolutely loved it!
Problems have solutions.
honestly i like everyone in the western conference right now i just LOVE dave tippett
unless you are still at it at 9pm I can't join you tonight unfortunately :/
Employers scan facebook for potential employees.... Uh.... Guess they will get to know all about me?
she got me pissed
hey deer foot
We're digging House Resolution 319, which attempts to add "design into Federal programs" to encourage "innovation and economic growth."
HGTV Design Star Coming in May and Updates on Past Contestants (VIDEO) - HULIQ
Saw on FB... threw up a bit RT : “:Fireman Ed & the rest of Jets nation,I'm gonna play my heart out 4 u. J-E-T-S"
Kotel Kosher is officially open, come by and pick up some CRC accredited Kosher products today!
Please FOLLOW and PLEASE!!!! <3 A
Changing of the Guard at Arlington. Amazing and awe inspiring.
Somebody better tell her!!!
Crap, I need to order something for my mom for mothers day today
Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up
Excellent, see you guys in the morning Rain or Shine! We are indoors so be sure to bring good Tennis Shoes.
really gonna be on my Teevee!??
Watching Rashad get knocked out at Q's tonight. No cover....come all!
I've got the morals of a pirate.
you already know! Wbu?
run run run. run tegan and sara lol
I Think the sabres are one of the best hockey teams
Hunger only for a taste of justice\Hunger only for a world of truth/'Cause all that you have is your soul--TRACY CHAPMAN
Any suggestions for how to make history, laws of Internet interesting to high school students?
Morning all!
If I ever have a question about any animal, I ask
bring me some :P
Tf? I'm Grown. What I look like explainin myself to someone?
Thinking of going to the junkyard tonight.
: Right. Map Room would burn down.
RT : For cos. to only set up or pay attention to SM channels ignores customers who arent on it
i try. i think sweet water is strange. not a fan of sweeteners, really. im doing ok! peeing a ton and forcing it down somehow ;)
Not all my fault..
Not good enough. I take back my shout out. You don't deserve anything.
RT Quotes - In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa
Wow. #Lehigh beats 2nd seed #Duke. This after 2nd seed Missouri loses. Glad Indiana wasn't a 2 seed!
Putting on Billy Madison to fall asleep .
I'm just your average pot smoking high school senior. Thanks though. :)
I see from this tweet syncing with iCloud is delayed. Can. Have more details? This is a must for me.
*Snort* RT Moi? RT : has anyone mentioned that you're a tease? ;-)
$56 gets you two 1 hour massages at East Village Body Shop! Get deal at www.buywithme.com
Waiting in line... personal rapid transit yet? Oy.
and I'm not even Christian, the artists put a lot of planning into that piece. Wish we knew who to thank.
For sure! Absolves any lingering stigma of "young". By the way, when might Immortal Ink open its doors once more to submissions?
What kind of hm?
Planning on watching my Duke win this afternoon and play some online poker on UB.
Seeing, breathing, and living this morning god is good everybody have a blessed beautiful and productive day.
Checking out Natural 20's last show & Tatanka tonight at 830pm Go Harolds!
The top 10 songs and albums on the iTunes Store
Fuck teleporting, at this point I just want my super power to be infinite SPF protection.
Only when we have faith do we truly fulfill the law. Rm.3:31
I'm good just listening to music
Happy Mother's Day! Flowers delivered, check. Phone call so mom can tell me they're beautiful but shouldn't spend money on flowers, check.
Musically obsessed with The Knife. Every day "Heartbeats" literally makes everything alright. Bonus points for it being pretty damn weird.
Man chill at the hospital hungry as hell
I love how people talk about people, and they think there so cool because of it. News flash your just making people hate you more.
how u been
Yes, that's the one.
There are some songs on albums that just shouldn't be parted.
At a cheerleading stunt group comp. with my niece!
Thanks for the RTs!
Once the BCS is dead, I want to be the first to piss on its grave! Bring on a college football playoff!
May God Within you Bless you Now and Always.
Juie-I just made some great stew tonight!
All the omens this week point to one thing -- I'm walking on thin eggshells. Taking heed.
Hope everyone in #Cleveland has a great weekend! Thanks for following Guardian Title!
Thank you for the warm welcome! Looking forward to it.
Austra, Beat and the Pulse; The Magnetic Fields, God Wants Us to Wait. Et toi?
In Christ Jesus all things hold together. Is your life falling apart ? Try Jesus now.
Storms Storms Storms I got a four wheeler to work on
u love ur fans? THEN UPLOAD A #BOYFRIENDTeaser dont keep us waiting :'( LOVE U FOLLOW ME
#MuchLove.. Lets get you on the verses!
That & a better title.
“: Hopefully hearing some good news this week #BallState” << you better hope so cause I will NOT let you go to Purdue :)
I'm keep friend's dog while their away.Funny 2 watch their dog & mine circling each other, scoping out each other.Whose going 2 give N first
I work for blind-nonprofit on MagazineSt.-Nola Celebs read holiday stories on air for us,would love you to read 1
Thanks for helping push a movement...BAM Toney
thats cause u wasnt looking hard enough
I was the 1st to say Sarah can win,but she has to stop falling in media's hand,and careful what she says
Christian Bale's fake Latino accent in Harsh Times might be worse than Al Pacino in Scarface. I didn't think that was possible until now.
Back in the studio!
Long day planned. Lots of errands and I am going to try to write my blog entry about money. A touchy touchy topic these days.
Couldn't wake up this morning...bless you and your tasty iced vanilla lattes for keeping me awake.
Don't forget to pray tonight, because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
A man who wants a divorce is probably just happy to get half of his shit back.
#bandsilove The Wanted, Allstar Weekend, Big Time Rush, Backstreet Boys, etc...... <3 them!!!
do it first take skippin all the bayless
Oh, aren't we all! Sounds like the #goodlife to me! RT : #Taurus is looking for stability security and great sex
Where can I find your label black button up ladies nylon top? My favorite shirt! Had two they lasted years. Need a few new !
Our twitter is back on track!:) don't forget to send out your messages<3
Just went on a retweet spree.. Okay Tayl enough
Some things will never be the same.
"Every toy has the right to break" -Antonio Porcha selection from Voices. Top Ten Verses Found by Accident
Today was a good day.. I didnt even have to use my A.K.
Shannon: "I really wanted to go. There were cream puffs Ashley... CREAMPUFFS!"
Great question! It hasn't registered elevators as stairs. Hmm, now I'm curious: how does it know?
2 all Arsenal and Chelsea fans, celebrating da defeat of
I procrastinate way to much
YOU ARE NOT FAT. BULLFUCKINGWHALESKUNK!
Yet all this I knew before, in the weary days of my long sickness
Had a fab time tonight! Thanks for a fun evening. Cantina. Beckons. Us.
Truth RT : Act different and you get treated differently. Trust.
I'm watching :D
how'd you guys like my frageelay comment on FB? LOL
Our little Gwyn is here!! 7.7 lbs. Cant wait for Chloe to see her!!
sound good to me
the orange chicken and 72% cavalry chocolate bars are to die for! Oh, and the wheat piazza dough is awesome too. Have fun!
If we let good things into our lives, we'll get our needs #fulfilled. #Writing helps us to open the door to the #goodness we deserve.
farm there now.
I have slowed down a lot. I do write a little at my own blog, but it's just not as much fun doing it on your own.
Sometimes I really hate you.
hahaha, that is a pretty awesome caption to the photo.
George Zimmerman will be charged in the Trayvon Martin Case The World will be watching that's all I have to say !!
I hate Chemistry !
Hey Happy Easter!! <3
didn't have time, sorry :(
Check out the 8th graf of the Stoke release - think you meant to write Stoke rather than Newcastle there...
Hope everyone had a great Spring Break!! Now onto
Thank you everyone who came to Boheme last nite to support (spiritually and financially) GRCH. It takes a village to raise a Girls Rock Camp
yep I'm on it right now!!
A hundred motha fuckas can't tell me nothin! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
And ask ! We took care of a jersey for him.
Early Season Bass Fishing on Eastern Connecticut&#39;s Moosup Pond: A Fishing Guide
Not sure why LB and safety not considered worth Top 5 picks. In pass-happy NFL, great LBs/S that can cover should be top priorities.
Watching #TheGridLive and waiting… hopefully taking delivery of my new branding today from New website launching soon too!
R Kelly going waay back with this Share My Love song!
Literally just laughed out loud. I had "Get Right" stuck in my head all last week. Maybe the J.Lo finals week curse is a thing!
hey man! I'm working on AdMob as a PM
wonder who #oomf is taking about???
not near a tv right now...relying on twitter
I am drinking 4 shots of espresso right now, this is unfortunately an accurate reflection on my life .
Yay! Illustrator got the dark UI update as well.
Industry night for Let My People Come - Thurday December 1 at 8pm. Tickets $10 with headshot / resume.
Look for exciting Bonamour event updates from Micah Blehm and team. Bonamour.com/events
On my first Mass Effect 3 run finally and so far it's a blast.
TY! I'll send it through shortly! Appreciate the help :)
#winstonsalem city council votes to put resolution opposing constitutional ban on gay marriage on May 7 council agenda.
The Sweet Spot: Advanced tix-$20 Sunday May 27 @ Santos Party House 96 Lafayette Street. Doors open a 630pm. DM me for tickets!!
also TY for your reply/perspectives/analysis
me too, looks pretty black in the sky..logie of course threw a fit abt being wet & muddy.but blake luved it.
very impressed with how focused our students are when working on a task:laughing, chatting, talking mostly in Chinese
I ain't worried about no girl, no kids, no Navy, no family, no finances, no nothin. If it ain't gon help me, I ain't fina let it hurt me
Nevermind, just checked SRK front page.
Dude, I'm super chang and small kine broke. Cab's are expensive these days LoL
dance it up Kajon!
Uploading a behind the scenes video right now for my new track, Attitude. Get excited tweeps.
"oh that's weird, according to my drivers license I WASNT BORN YESTERDAY. YOU CANT STOP LYING. YOU GOT LYHARRIA."
I went to a boxing match once and a hockey game broke out. Love the fights on ice....better than Disney on ice haha
Nice swerve!
and I made it to Lawrence, KS. Tomorrow, Denver and DrupalCon!
Let's add this on Tuesday "The Stanley Cup playoffs"
“: The impressive part of Jeremy Lin is he did all of that with his eyes closed.” Lmmfao x 10!!!!
Cool concept keep me posted
IN THE STUDIO o.0
I love your icon, it's super gorgeous!<3(:
Home again in one week! And this time will be with me. Watch out, Albuquerque, watch out!
Now Following , Follow Back ! <3
I have it! It's on my list to read after I finished all of your recommendations. (ALL OF THEM! "Dramarama" is really fun.)
: if I get Christopher to join us, is gonna need some " alone time"
You added my as friend on youtube:) and writed me thanks 2 years ago! Can you please follow me?<U+2665> Love you Christian! 6
Gotta say, im sold on my first round of booze... they just made me an alcoholic capri sun.
": Nothing like wearing a pair of crocs to say "I have no aspirations of getting laid tonight!"" Haa
Yeah. The car is totally empty now. Not much longer, but I have to go to another of our offices and get a laptop yet.
Manic Panic!
I thought that half time show was really good...........I don't know what everyone else is talking about?
that just explains how much of a life I have...
YAWWWWNNNN.......RT : Rick Santorum will be on Jay Leno tonight
Ugh...sun is so bright today!! #NeedShades. Blaming and
that's because your awesome.
LET'S GO TO THE BEACH BEACH LET'S GO GET AWAYY
Wrapped early....wardrobe hunt for tomorrow's session!!
Can you please follow me back? <3
Heading over to Union Square to see if anything is going on for #MayDay yet. If I don't come back, I've probably been arrested.
haha i can handle myself but not without my meggie nd vodka + monster + gf = INSANE!
RT : Rush knows sex is something sacred between a man and his fourth wife after she takes birth control and he enhancement...
Check out , a line of comfortable, classic clothes started by a college student!
Thanks for visiting us at Addison and Kedzie! A perfect Friday treat!!
Hey, I appreciate it, fam.
what's happening today?
Congrats to LeBron James on his third MVP award.
Baking summer days and steamy mornings, I miss you already!
Hello Rain. Thanks for watering our Brown Coated Houses.
Bartenders are wrong!!
nyc was wonderful, happy spring! :) howve u been; tell me bout urself?
@ my gram gram
Great! Thanks for the recommendation!
Yea , iBE Tripppnn Of Shtt ! But i STILL Ride For Mine ,
Ha! Girl the Internet seriously needs scratch n sniff! Grab Morgan and take the girl out for some donuts! You worked it!
is it that brown bottle flu???
thats awesome. Enjoy
Hey Harry!!(: How are you?(:<3
good morning Austin<3
just wanted to say thank you SO much for your support of Cant wait to share version 2.0! We're working hard! Soon!
We won !
And last but not least, follow our drummer ;)
It's #teacherappreciationday! Who was your favorite teacher back in school (music or otherwise)?
thanks for the follower
In our upstairs office, it's Neil Diamond day. We just thought we'd tantalize you with that.
Hey guys, it's Ray. I'm back :) Things will get going steadily again
come to rockwood tonight at 8 and ill cover some ... Ill even try to get mm to reprise his role from dazed.
Painting and got the headphones on jammin to the greatest hits of Lauryn Hill !!!!!
they were all smiley faces!
Mac and wiz are coming to maine!?
Loving ur everyday messages!! Truly refreshing. God is working thru u!! God bless :)
damn Bosh yo bird ass jus had to get hurt
A Dynamic Network Layer for Advanced Cloud Computing
Hello...Good Evening
#songsiwillbevergettiredof Heart vacancy-the wanted
Opening day. In like a lamb out like a lion (in October)?
RT : $NCVT: Its very possible we may see .35 cents or higher in a short period of time!
happy birthday in advanced! :)
is on the upper east side, where's Chuck?
Television ... facing the same path to obscurity as the land line.
that wuz me silly
I know right :)
I may not have no business dressing like this, but at least I'm dressed.
Research is formalized curiosity. It is poking and prying with a purpose.—Zora Neale Hurston
I thought we were friends...
tweet me i need to talk to you,and are you feeling ok?
Thanks to everyone who made our first live broadcast a HUGE success. We will most likely not be in Rochester next weekend but it's still TBD
im trying my best(:
#RecommendedReading - Teaching my mother how to give birth by Excellent in inexplicable ways.
After I tweeted that, I did realize I wasn't wearing my wedding rings due to my skin rash! Haha!
Judkins Carpet has 40% off every friday and saturday
": Darryl: Andrea is lost, I will go find her? Me: Shes dead, fuck her. Boom #Ricktator" Hell ya!
one last question. Will you ever, in a hundred million years, follow me? Just tell me if theres a possibility? :)
Joining call and live twitter conversation with & and & ’s Kathy Greenlee #SOTU ^CG
I agree RT : indeed they do. Eventually, I see trust frameworks making that easier, potentially automated
o word u jus tatted lol i wanna c dat
#ghlive Can't wait for the show to begin.
Buffy Hamilton #NJASL2010 focus on learning and creating students who are arestis and linchpins
so true! I'm not a mom, but I'm a nanny... and a Birthday Party Clown! :-) :-)
LOL! I'm buying tickets for Drury Lane tomorrow and tomorrow's the cut-off date. I literally CAN'T accept late ones :-(
": Why is like almost every girls' Twitter name is always suck/eat/lick/ this? -____- = Basic Bitches .."!!!!!!
Not hotter than Scarlett in Avengers!! What movie u watched?! RT : eeeerrrrm Rihanna's hotter tho :p lol
how much for 1 rib?! “: Cornbread. Ain't nothin wrong wit that “ There is no sex on the champagne room, none.””
Yay power outage :D
let's get it 106
While on my lunch break, I'm taking a look at what's screening at this year's , which starts this week!
with good administration support and teacher endorsement this method has seen success.
follow back please?
So many Taylor Swift cards & bags at Rite Aid. <13
love your non-social self
Just started The Walking Dead comics.
Be right over
To make go to sleep he needs lots of beer, and jack in the box tacos....LOTS
that's disturbing
Bringing up Bryce Harper right now is a mistake. He's not ready mentally
kurt busch won yesterday and jimmy johnson was second
Our Love For BTR is Endless. <3
apple TV box is 99 bucks, yet an hdmi cable will run you 20 to 30 bucks. anyone else think that's crazy? /
writing about one of our newest WordFrame Integra Customers: ART Healthcare ... will get a good write-up today, looking nice
Where in Spain are you headed? Lived there twice. Beautiful.
Thanks for the follow and for all your hard with Actors Comedy Studio!
When people stop me at the end of an workshop and say it was the best pd they had ever been to, I know I'm doing something right!
we should go looking for them. No joke.
I love going to early morning TV shows. I've already been out and back and no one else is even in the office yet.
Arthur Blank, Did you watch the Saints play Detroit. Sean Payton is light years ahead of our coaching staff & positions his players to win!
Congrats to for her clever palindrome! She won tix to for his taping! Stay tuned for more contests!
Rock Chalk Jayhawks says The Brock Talk...
Funny you mention that - been reading a lot on the art/science of habit creation lately. All w/good posture, of course ;-)
Hanging out with kenz(:
When I told the customer, customer said "I thought I caught all of those".
Can't help but think that I'm going to fail my Earth Science regents
man people only let u down
I mean tonight!
Not BT enough to get hooked at any of those places, but keep thinking I don't pummel Moby Dick's chicken kabobs on the regular!
The SA assists more than 42 million individuals throughout the year in the US almost 6 million of those during the holiday season alone.
We have what is your St. Paddy's day missing! Irish Car Bombs, the Big Ginger.. and yes, green beer! May the road rise to meet you!
at my sister's house!!! Hbu
reinforced in today's discussions : Mongo is OK for smaller jobs and data sets, fails at scale
Time to get some food in the ol belly... Got to say Manchuria Garden is the best Chinese Resturant in the Norcross area....
dental work and all i want to do is have a snack.
well @ least u know 2 things...I'll b missed, & I'll have a fun filled last week in SF!! :) sounds better than my next week...
Standing Shadows going onstage at 6:30 at Whole Foods rooftop (526 Lamar) in Austin at
#lifeisgood when you're a dog who gets to sleep all day & get up to eat...only problem is I itch so much & get in trouble when I scratch
lame or not, i still got to see u guys...rite? lol. but awesome, hope philly treated u well! :)
They got my order wrong at #starbucks and now the woman behind me is all pissed off. lol
I woke up to this delightful text: "At the end of 30 Rock Liz randomly exclaimed "I reject Chris Brown's comeback! Lemon out!'"
Crabtree, dude is funny. RT Looking for suggestions for podcast guests.
Damn Bartman extended the curse....
That fml moment when you have to pee soo bad but there's not a bathroom in sight !
. Eisenhower w Abott& Costello,Nixon "Sock it to Me" on Laugh In,nothing new here!
VERY excited about new KG client Chase Rice who's new album comes out tomorrow!!!
Abouts to float the river...grant me the strength to tolerate glacier water today.
yes she will!!!
Haha... I just avoid anything with their names on it...
hey thanks, how are you?
7 more days left of school! :0 #justdoit goodnight!:)
Much appreciated man. My pleasure
what's on your #pubmedia roadmap for the next 6 months? how's it mesh with nat'l, local non-profits + communities, etc?
Thanks for the shout out!
Movie night! To make up for this horrible day
thanks for the follow. You might also want to follow &
Why Cynthia tryna be all hard? Girl, please. Next. #RHOA reunion
Q4 #libchat Definitely! It has changed how I think about info, but still, If I want to remember something, I have to write it down
she give me the crazy head, a nigga swerve, then hit a pot hole
My hurr is getting super long, i don't know if i can keep this going until school starts again.
thanks! :) i will! i JUST got a hater right now -.- he said it was the most pathetic thing hes seen. what an asshole.
WOW! what a lineup!! for the Google + on air. Very exciting.
I swear it's a full moon tonight! So many psychos!
i miss 'im too. hope he's doing okay out there and loves these new kids as much as he loved us.
It's opening nite for The Odd Couple,, break legs cast n crew !!
No such thing.
who I am and if you don't like me and think I'm a bitch, that's fine because there are plenty of people who love this bitch!
It is worthwhile to live and fight courageously for sacred ideals
dumb ass hoes...
can think of other things to do on my day off rather than laying with a heating pad on my ear.
otaaay. I'll talk to Hannie about it tomorrow. What are you doing after school?!
Tomorrow is Nat'l Adm. Assistant's Day. Flowers are nice - a gift certificate from Culinary Connectors is much better!
Not sure. Instantly throw it away? Or give you a chance cuz you had the balls to be honest? lol
Waking up wanting a nap but its not as complex as it used to be...
You're a genius. But Little Stevie is too good for that show, right?
Serious play is both a practice and a perspective on what makes innovation possible.
perfect. I have heard that one actually, so thanks for the suggestion!
Sometimes flabbergasted at the generosity some people bring to the table.. Without expecting anything in return!
watching a movie that I have the sound track too and realized some of the songs in the movie aren't on the sound track
#MiamiHeat he ran into that wall lmao
I love in she is amazing glad they put her as Marilyn
Anyone know who the girl is in B.O.B's video "So Good." She is incredible..
Remember that God is for you because God chose you, calls you friend because God loves YOU! Tell it!
i know. but i still have to lulz. to keep the appearances up.
“: I'm def coming”waiting
I can visualize the Suns winning on Friday! Eat well and be strong for that victory!
Favorite sign so far? "bork laser"
Not sure. Greinke is a good hitting pitcher too though. RT : why not yo there?
ah soo cute!! your son looks just like you :) oh and nice Yankee cup
Yay...excited to see your Prezi.
Thanks...so far off to a good start!
I can't think of a Better Father than JESUS! He is always there for me to talk to & he is always there for me When I need him! He is
Wheels up ATL to DCA.... See everyone shortly.
Omg! Isnt album going to come out in june or july! Omg im happy and excited :D
yes who else would be my default?
guess who's getting some #newgirl clippssss (: im about to make a nick&jess video (:
I will be at NELA booth# 210. Please stop in and say hello. I might be bringing something special for our customers :) Come by and see..
i am so fucking thankful i do not live in this shitty town anymore, fuck this
Being a Mahomie on twitter is amazing. Everyone gets each other, and we're all here for the same reason: to support Austin no matter what.
Chien chambre is a Dog House In French
The first week of classes are under our belt! Also excited to see the program expanding! Tell your friends to take Chinese too!
I'm so ready for the next big step.
I know!! I love it. Dexter hasn't even seen the hand yet
#gwsummit attendees-what device are you on now? Sent from htc android
Enjoyed Leadership OK and Leadership OKC people this evening! What a fun group!!
lunch is over. about to lit circle the absolutely true diary of a part-time indian.
love you too
#S/O TO GO #FOLLOW THIS TALENTED WOMEN SINGS SOSO GUD LOL. ;-)
LOL yes it is a scooter, a really bad ass scooter!
One room down, 3 more to go. #CleaningSpree Let me just go on record: my favorite room to clean is the bathroom. haha
Ticks are the lamest thing ever!
If anyone wants this bag of Organic Cashews that I didn't realize were unsalted, please, go nuts.
So I break the thing down do the bird...
When my phone vibrates and its you : )
Just walking through #FCE warehouse. 250k meals loading for kids in #Ghana. Heart warming!
Hey, who is your folks environmental reporter?
AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!! Can't wait to see it.
Thnx. Good stuff.
My dad think's hes slow word to this nigga lol
Need to eat better and healthier? Let me know!
I'm better
I will definitely let you know! So glad we could connect! Thank you
'Abducting the Future for Success' SU Theater 3:30 pm Oct 2nd. *FREE!*
Adventure time >>>
Mother's Day brunch for kids (under 12 years old) are half price. Number for reservations is (317) 264-3585
Huge shout-out to Full lesson on how to clean my chain & air in the tires & @ the end they refused to let me pay. Thank you!
you coming out Friday?
Ah, sunny & in the 70s today. Show of tweets: Who's at or heading to Oval Beach?!
It is the greatest shot of adrenaline to be doing what you’ve wanted to do so badly. -Charles Lindbergh ....I want THAT feeling! =)
true thats only cuz i had to leave to the airport but was ur text like important like was it urgent
No matter how many times i see titanic whenever Jack dies it still upsets me
I have always thought #OWS and the #teaparty have a tremendous amount in common.
Zyrtec is great stuff. I snap one in half and still works fine without drowsiness.
Best #PrettyLittleLiars this season!
Housekeeping took away the fabulous Turkish dessert I left in a container on desk. Did it say "done" to you???
My ass tingles at the thought of your dick
Lose something. Look for five minutes. It's in your hand.
I love these titles. (Also, is it just me or does Irreductions fit weirdly well in this week of structuralism?)
Today at The Clinic Cap Hill, OG #18 ounce for $225/mem
one of these weekends have to get you on that track ;)
And you'll see just as much the same. It's where people are compfy.
I'm not one to talk politics... But Mitt Romney needs to go away
Dealing with folks is possibly the most difficult problem you face, specifically if you are in business.
Exhausted...another double tomorrow
I am flying in today I will see you guys tomorrow morning !!
Wait she has blue eyes too, doesn't she?? You're both mutants!
I gotcha. We are going through Nashville soon. Other than that there have been nothing to stop us
Kings<U+265A> & Queens<U+265B>
your bring the music right haha
THANKS SO MUCH
Sey we got backed into by a truck & her jeep took it like a champ!
According to Coach Smith last week, DSR "had tweaked his knee" after the third game, coach didn't want to risk further injury.
thanks for the follow Rebecca!
I only got a couple pictures of people #hatting :( I NEED more! Come on people! help me out(: Youll be on my background(: !!!!!!!!!
Chelsea has no choice but to sack Andre Villas-Boas after this, right?
CMO epidemic: Avg life of CMO: 2.5 yrs.New CMOs focusing on leaving a mark (eg re-branding) not on demonstrating they can drive growth.
I can't wait to be in New York :)
RT : That's a winner! 'Topes win 6-4! 'Topes have won back-to-back games for the first time this season.
parents are bitchin about who walks more and I chimed in with I walk around campus all day and my mom yelled that Im 30 years younger
thinks that the American Girl dolls are going to come to life & kill us at tea.
Secret Life starting! I am unhealthily addicted to this show!
Man on bus gave me his seat, barista made my coffee with "no fat but extra love", guy on elevator told me he loves Wisco. Best Tues am ever?
So proud of the Oklahomies who made BEAUTY IS EMBARRASSING. It's one of the most well received films I've ever seen at
So much laundry that Sat night will be spent w/ big washers & dryers b/c if I do it at home, it will next year before we have clean knickers
Instant expert: Aquaculture | G-Online, the best of green
GET MONEY!
Democratic former Alachua city manager Clovis Watson Jr. with an impressive Q1 of $12095.
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom -Isaac Asimov
stop using words.
Here's to the simpsonizers that hope Cody hasn't forgotten about his & accounts.
RT Thanks! Great meeting you today : One of my favorites. on at #AskGE #QuantifiedSelf done right
I promise we gave your book back, but we now have your clothing.. including your fave pair of shorts,
Can't wait to hear the mothers hip talking heads make excuses for another Stoops collapse
My folks are staying at my house. It's strange to see them staring at laptops in the living room.
Thanks for all your comments -- would that there were 100 hours in a day... small team and apps for 6 platforms...
Mm yeah... you can't actually *make* a "viral" anything. You brainstorm, create, promote, & ...cross your fingers. But that's it.
Just had great meeting with Dianna Duran, candidate for Secretary of State. Fantastic energy and dedication!
It's awesome. Thanks =) RT Put together a Road Trip Playlist on for your drive home this Thanksgiving...
nm, chilling, dying cant wait, and thx bb, im trying not to have a heart attack... so u know, whats up with u? :)
Volume Alert: $CWRN
Happy early Thanksgiving!
Thanks! Can't spend much time on Twitter on Fridays but will follow back.
"Your schedule is the best barometer of what you truly value and believe to be important." -Robin Sharma
A10. The #MissRiver12 ride with & will be my very first epic ride. We'll see how I do.
some wreck on 144, idk really
love u baby:)<3 had fun tonight
But you went away how dare you, I miss you <3
love this!! I will now add: "riding a bicycle with my dog" to the bucket list.
OMG! my homie Omar just text me saying he wants to chill tomorrow!! omg, i wanna bring him to Jet's house :) i miss that dumbass lol
nothing is up over here. how bout you?
Rumour has it you smell like the musk of eleven bears.
65 and sunny, using snow piles for chipping landing areas. Great day with
Well now I totally have no idea what to get you.
COMMON: Murray believes that Drupal was the best option because of it's connetion to Zotero among other things.
Word of Advice: You don't need the lottery to make it big... Make your own fortune, control your own destiny. Believe to achieve!
The movie was AMAZING, very raw and gritty. Ben is def a very talented actor/director. Be sure to see it when it comes out! :)
While many people in ed hate (irrationally, IMO) Apple, many many many more hate Blackboard. Net win.
Sad sad sad that my Vancouver adventure has ended. Can't wait to see #Continuum!
Students should keep a diary of what they accomplish on a daily basis - incentive to achieve - no accomplishments? - time to evaluate.
I LOVE YOU MORE THAN U THINK!
i wish people actually came to watch me play soccer .
don't talk like that! You are NOT WORTHLESS or A HORRIBLE PERSON!! you are AMAZING SWEET & really PRETTY!!! #MissYou!! <U+E328><U+E32B><U+E04A><U+E10E><U+E44C><U+E204><U+E418><U+E056><U+E303>
Living an "on purpose life" takes you from a "have- to" lifestyle to a "want- to" lifestyle
you don't need followers,,
hahaha funny! When are you and Jessica gonna show me the cat daddy.
We apologize for any errant messages you received from us. We have identified and corrected the issue to ensure this does not happen again!
I can always tell lol. it's a gift of mine
Nandito ako wa just playing now in the radion sung by David Archuletta ..
I hate this town, it's so washed up, and all my friends don't give a fuck
Will you post a link for that kitten video? It's too cute!
Cool mine is the 16th of May! :)
Hamburg I like I like to eat I love life of rest and good food, love eating live happily enjoying listening to selena and video games<U+2665>!<U+266A>!<U+2665><U+266A>
Thought I was going to sleep in today. Landscaping dude had other ideas.
The name of the game is ..
Well karma is not as self absorbed as other people. Shit's going to bite them in the ass.
“: “: Man. There are 10 guys the #Browns could take here that would excite me.” Yup.” can we take all 10? Please.
Seen people driving in a mini van while watching a movie on a 20" flat screen tv mounted on their dashboard.
Charlotte NC, Memphis TN and New Orleans book your Tree Braids tour to your city now while there is space www.hairgynesis.com
1st mosquito bites of 2012 #itch Its hardly rained #itch damn asian tiger mosquito
Congratulations to all the new #BallState graduates!
If NOT overpopulated, but had the same vision/believed the same things, history would repeat. Ergo, better vision needed
Have a super evening! Time to catch some z's!
seeing him today really turned my day around :)// BIRTHDAY'S TOMORROW :D
Maybe I need to write them a sternly worded letter! :)
Man I hope your strecthing. Flexibility is key!!!
guys haven't tweeted as much lately. How's AVP been? :)
Ladies-if he only treats u like a queen and feeds you steak on Valentines Day, then you need to reconsider your relationship
can't wait to see it!
your very welcome have a great weekend james;)
Looks like its going to be Bali for the honeymoon. Anyone have any ideas for another spot I should look into?
RT Like Donkey Kong! Sounds like a challenge to me. -- Smackdown Two - vs. at Gen Blu
Weed and caffeine in order to get through the most boring Monday seminar of my life.
Awesome view!
Thanks to for a pleasant surprise today, a new wallet to test out!
Overheard two separate people talk about Kid Rock this morning.... Is there a full moon out?
haha thanks bro. We tryin man
Oomfs need to slide they number this way
Im sleepy as hell!
About 30% of abused and neglected children will later abuse their own children, continuing the horrible cycle of abuse
Who you calling a lump?
you see em
lol its all good its your track, Dope Release
Attn: interested parties. I will be dropping library science at ALA. 3:30 p.m. Sunday in W190a and 10:30 a.m. Monday in W184.
wow, this crowd looks really bored. Romney better start talking about how Obama uses teleprompters soon
SF Bay Area Fox 2 News Teaser on Cyclists and the rules of the road is weak. Not wearing a helmet is not illegal. Hope the story is better.
Let us know how they turn out! RT made baked gnocchi from scratch... almost done. can't wait
Congratulations to coach Don Nachbaur for 500 wins!
nk every time I hear them.
wow thanks for all the love on foobooz--we are thrilled to see we have developed such a loyal following in just a few months!
#coldfronts great music at
Yes, everything is in the works ....
you know I can...sorta.
yes sir... I'm leaving tonight 7-8pm ish!! :( I hate the drives lol
Do not say a little in many words but a great deal in a few. -Pythagoras
I got the ustream up yall who goin tune in to ep#1 Of the jones tv
whats not right???? : 's it's not right but it's okay totally saved the episode #gleerememberswhitney"
Good morning friends! One more day til Taste & Toast Thursdays 5pm-8pm
she right
what would you do if you lost all of the pictures on your computer?
This is quite the pic of Downtown Devin Downs
Who car is dat
Waiting to see the olympic torch(practice) at melton pork pie mowbray!
you killed it at the San Antonio date! I'm looking forward to seeing you all again!
may21st and u r invited mister !
Lucky you! Saved $$$ and sanity!
I use a combination of different synths and VST's, whatever fits the sound the best!
Portlander kicked out of indie band after failing to wear ironic t-shirt to three straight shows.
Trailed by dog poop smell all afternoon. :\ Stepped in some this morning.
Old Dashboard Confessional is what it's gonna be, starting with "Hands Down" :D
Made our very first catering delivery!!! Shout out to Cheryl at KPMG on K St for being excellent customers. Bon Appetite!!!
Any Atlanta families wanna have my twin and I over for Easter lol?
Plain bagel for you! RT : so you're saying there isn't a grocery store around here somewhere...
": Did you know that if you flick your nipple it takes 8 seconds to get hard." And... My friends just tried this.
If we are what we eat, I'm fast, cheap and easy.
Thanks so much for following us! We VERY much support organized labor!
Chillin with them man ah love lazy Sunday nights
grrr! I agree. I changed mine back to original then it asked for feedback, I said ”because it sucks!!”
that sounds amazing! Watermelon remix! Seriously. My mind was just blown.
My locker is now PAC movie party friendly
good evening govna'
We got done with the game I reached into my backpack and out came the smoke and I offered niggas a hit cus I'm cool like dat ima real nigga
S/o to these amazing musicians !! Follow them and support their dreams!
I guess we'll find out in a few weeks, won't we?
Going out for a long run. Have a good one everyone.
A woman just got out of her car and came up to my window at an intersection because she went to U of I and saw my Alumni plate holder.
So, Baltimore: can any of ya'll tell me who to contact re: the new venue Coward Shoe?
SW Austin: nonstop lightning, ear splitting thunder, car alarms, sirens, & a terrified dog = no sleep.
i am following you!!! haha
Memory foam doesn't squeak when you get it in
my goal this year is to write a screenplay to enter in a competition-i think it's time for it...i'll have to drink lots of redbull to do it
Hierarchy of text, hierarchy of imagery focus, interesting imagery, a clear story in the art, and balance for starters.
Super tired after a long weekend. Monday, you're coming my way and you better be ready, because I'm gonna kick your a$$.
Other than the fact about my brother... My days been pretty good xD
WEEKEND PARTY IN FULL EFFECT! Contact me for FREE PASSES and FREE LIMO PICK UP! Spend the night, we're here 'til 6am!
many benched finley this wk. he hasn't done jack since his 3 td game early in the season. Celek was the wrong call.
where've you been stranger?!
Hwy 119 #Boulder Canyon reopened now, per dispatch.
RT For 12% of patrons saying OPAC is like saying "ghyubhbu", for the other 88% saying OPAC is like saying "assdseaxad"
"Werkin Hawd!" - We picked this up from Boston!
'senerity now, insanity later'
Appreciate your work, and your RTs!
fuck some haters. I thought Taylor allderdice couldn't have been done better.
Just got done doing sierra and kims hair
Thanks Ian for the mention!
RT : A bargain ain't a bargain unless it's something you need. ~Sidney Carroll
Proud Media Partner for Tri-City Hospital Foundation "Fashion That Heals" with Saks fashion show and luncheon on July 19. Save the Date!!
Security Tip: Use a small amount of lighting on the interior of your business after hours so that police & security can see inside.
I am a big fan of the Aquarium and the Sharks are my favorite!
Coworking at Bohemian Coffee House (1821 North Charles), starting at 11! Already have twice as many confirmed attendees as the last one!
Uh, he's my boyfriend?
you just make sure you know where your allegiances are, hahaha. So excited though...
seriously, having the worst allergies of my life right now!
10 days to Christmas- where's the snow? We may not get it, Tune into the !
Good morning everyone! :D
Farmers Market? Highlight of the week! "30 more min...I'm starrrvvinnggggg. What's for lunch?"
It's a red letter day already... The bus' change drop is jammed and I almost always pay in quarters, so free bus ride! Woop!
Today was amazing! was incredible I even got to sing with Kellin Quinn thank you for putting this on
that's cuz I'm amaaazzzzziiiinnnnnggggggg;)
Please tell me what song have you been singin' since '70? ... #tweeps When you post interesting facts ...I like to know
I <U+2665> my daughter; I <U+2665> my babe..aww just here home tired but ok jay is doing way better!
Hey I'd love to learn more about your #whypreneur column.
my sisters have a game so I gotta watch them both and sit with the Madre. :)
Have you been drinking too much coffee and need to brighten up that smile? Check out today's smoking deal at 87% off. www.yourluckydeals.com
a worthy runner-up!
Had a nightmare that Lady Crawley kicked Mary out of & it upset me very much.... & then I realized I need to get out of house.
This weeks wt goal is 215. This is the lowest weight I have achieved in over two years. Got to do it.
today's the first day of rain in a week though..
Having sex while youre cross faded is always the best.! ;)
never use that #hashtag at me again
ready to go to
We use indeterminate sentencing to give inmates a chance to serve reduced sentences due to good behavior or rehabilitation
act nice make your whole body smooth ;)
i will inquire!
Shooting an Event this evening! Have a wonderful Saturday! Don't forget to check out the Rescue animals!
"Be truly glad. There is wonderful joy ahead!" - 1 Peter 1:6
I haven't had to wear a shirt all week, and its been awesome
Welcome Notre Dame Alumni and fans! We look forward to serving you for all the games starting Sept 3!!!
Me, too. I regret not seeing Les Savy Fav at both (one of my fave bands).
We did it - 50 new donors in under 30 days! Thanks to everyone for helping us reach our goal with !
I heard from a Facebook status today is Bubble Bath Day, True or False?
Our care should not be to have lived long as to have lived enough
Congrats to my brother on earning his degree at Wilkes University! :-)
*TRAFFIC* SB St Paul St & E 29th St, North Balto; Auto accident.
is thinking about how we can now program Mercedes Benz ML modules when the keys get scrambled
the mornings are always better than the nights. sunrises better than sunsets.
41 days and 17 hours remaining until PHISH A/C
u was me What would u buy?
the one time i get hungry is when theres nothing to eat
Life is good, everything is going to be ok! :) :)
I'm just done giving a fuck.
yeah! It was so good! And it was the last show of tour so there were pranks! Haha
I sort of figured it involved giving up some winnings -- but I wasn't sure how it worked. Thanks!
- hi funny-man! LoL
no sir
close, beef is when u diss me
I'm at Club J Durham
Unless code someday becomes self-aware, people are higher-leverage. /cc
all of the idiots going in on the FB IPO are gonna lose their ass. Wait a week, then SHORT the stock.
im good thank u!:)
um..i hope a warm front hits before we go in a couple of weeks. :0
#rockstarteacher takes students on field trips (aka learning excursions) to Paradise City to see the green grass and pretty girls
Regardless of whatever the facts may have been that awful moment, ALL of us should be embracing these parents above any opinion
Happy homecoming anniversary to the , who played their first home game 50 years ago today. NL baseball come back to NY!
'tip-top' is one of the best resturants in sa
I may only be capable of making my dog happy today. At least that's something, I guess.
love you the way you deserve to be loved! If you want love just for the sake of it, you're playin a loosing game!
Everybody talks too much.
OMG I LOVE SEA OTTERS!
lets see if nyquil works tonight....
I miss you! I am free whenever so just call me my dear...
2011:cool story bro 1836: interesting tale, my fine companion.....
Girl, you'e going to die because of this homework.
i'm really not feeling this whole work thing today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Fortunately/unfortunately I have too good a memory to ever confuse the two
This fucker got away with working and getting paid fo a 40 hour day. Re-read that if you didnt get it the first time.
Sharing laughs and hanging with
do you also write about programs and coaches that do the right thing?
DFW's takedown of John Updike makes me feel like there is still good in the world.
I'm not sure id think so and ikr!
seems quickly and/or poorly cut and made to cash in on emotional appeal of mass audience.
Proud to announce that is now a Twitter affiliate!!
we would love to have you on the
PRAISE SWEET BABY JESUS.
Good morning friends! It is going to be a gorgeous day today! Head outside w/ ur fav McCafe´ Iced Coffee.
#CrossFit on a Saturday is always brutal. Good to know that NFL QBs like grind it out at CF too.
RT : I fear for the youth of America... mostly based on my friends from college who became teachers.
Holy Sh*tballs, not only is it opening night new theater, its also Melrose night and second day of Improv Class, what a day!!
Ain't shit in them streets
Thanks Ben. It really is hard for me to see and to know. I really apprciate you saying that :)
why what's wrong?
Oh, good! I'm weirded out by spiders but I go through great lengths not to kill anything. Except fruit flies.They drink my booze
okay:) want me to buy the tickets?
I'm putting 20 big ones on & #BBN to bring home the ship. Make it rain out there big man.
Tanking pro tip: run plays for Mikki Moore 18 foot jump shots.
Not that he couldn't play him but ya know RT I agree! It would be too cliche if he was in it :)
How did the weekend go?
WANTED: Crime: Threatening a victim with the bottom of her heel in exchange for #paan Victim: True story
It would take at least a month to read all Eltahawy's powerful FP piece has stirred up! Riveting essay!
Sometimes when you work with ignorant ass people you forget that you can't lose you're cool at a professional settiing.
I will NOT pay money to hear a sequencer(machine) play!.....
I laugh at young dumb hoes but a fast way to get rid of kids is to send them play grounds
Thanks for RT. I appreciate you.
I found the funniest youtube video and posted it on the blog! #double #dream #hands www.inlinewaiting.com
it's been gone for about a month. It's the direction the company is going in. Rumor is the one over the bar will go eventually.
Looking awesome! CONGRATS!
I believe in ghost ! #freakedthefuckoutrightnow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BB>
haha, was she talking to you? or on the phone? she forgot about 'hasta la vista baby'
Walker campaign statement ties Barrett to rising Milwaukee unemployment, state's deficits, double-digit tax increases, job losses.
No Ray Allen again, hmm. Got to figure he's coming in for this side out. Also, Doc really putting a lot of trust in Hollins.
Just introduced to #Prezi recently and I fell in love!
I was thinking the same thing. This is great!
aha on my way to a scholarship interview
Listening to some dudes discussing how one of them was unaware of how to wear a messenger bag. #forreal?
En route to print some shirts this morning.
It certainly is Pamela*** SNOWING Now in NEW YORK and ! mean Really SNOWING!!!
Chuck and Blair forever. Sorry LATE
Sorry. Busy.
Hollows rehearsal tonight
I support the #BuffetRule but I don't think it goes nearly far enough.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens. - Carl Jung
Really Wayne?? That ninja looked AHFM!
Haha I had fun blowing ur mentions!! :D
Blaise and I are watching the BRAVES..GO BRAVES!!
Great! I think...I know I need a new hard drive.
"It would be an awesome story to tell your friends. Yeah james got eaten by a bear"
Hi Shahid Bhai! Kaisey hain Aap? You rocked with the Tribute to the King of Pop! You truly are the Best dancer in Bollywood!:)
I love being with my family it's been too long!
That's how powerful mom's words are to kids, I've been pondering this choice hardcore for weeks! It made sense, I said "ok" & it was done
Formula Drift season finishes with a bang..solid livestream Sat and great content!
fight by speaking out, convince teachers, parents and students in your school. Join SOS Remember you're fighting for the kids
' he need to hurry up and make it official ; ) ' lol _ let me find out ......
Oh look, a jump cut music video. How original.
Hope you can join us at Battle of Atlanta June 17-18 featuring Sport Jiu Jitsu and grappling divisions. www.battleofatlanta.i
lunch was great today-sushi just off of Jefferson blvd.
Joe Dirt!
it's on!
Hey U Need To Make Account He's An Excellent
K. Now im not allowed to give blood...
Follow CumMillion on twitter
God wants all children to be loved and cared for, be they by GAY parents or not...
Guess the amount of sandwiches we sell in one day and win a $30 dinner on us!
Yeah, because Btown has a Dairy Queen and uhm, what else it there again? LOL I like Cleveland a lot.
Awake again..
im good sweetie; manteniendome trankila you know how it is
it's going to be a pretty dope summer with my team
happy mother's day to the *best* mother in law ever, ! I love you so, so much. I would not be who I am today without you! xoxo!
Why does mean so much
Just wandering ... What is your favorite song of all time??
Good morning friends. Going to get some breakfast and then work. Kisses
here's to the mahomies who live in narnia.
Stuff like that makes me nervous
ya he tends 2 pop into my dreams pretty often.last nights dream was us ballroom dancing. Gets annoyin sometimes tho
A communist scare in Mosinee? Find out more April 9 at 6:30 p.m. at the MCPL Wausau Library with a light-hearted look at our history. Free.
Wait...why are they bassin white and nerdy in the hallway at school? O_o
yes it will!
Hendrix presented at the conference I am at today. The brain truly needs stimulation from social interaction. Nothing else does it as well.
Were back in the game folks….:)
So, is located in the alley behind my condo. Not the safest place to start a run... (TWEET YOU GUYS!)
A big thank you to everyone for all of the beautiful holiday cards and new plants! Its great to have patients like you! Happy Holidays!
how old are you lol
I. Love. This. City.
"It's more important to stand for something than what you stand in." Feeling very moved by the opening speech at the #ChicagoHouse show.
U know ur getting older when u get excited to open ur credit card bill to see how much lower it is. Lol :)
Heading into the radio station tune in to 90.9 fm greensboro nc
we have never been! We keep driving by! We need some suggestions ;)
they have washers here bro lol
I might actually be ready to record my record.
If you want to shoot me an Email we can talk more.
you know he's coming through
I'm not religious, but if you're going to show me Jesus he must be a hot, ripped, 30 year old badboy.
On the set for Eric Robeson's new joint featuring Chubb Rock...hot day for the Summertime Anthem!
Most requested song on my fanmail is one less lonely girl by the wonderful keep requesting at !
rebound off SVU with Game of Thrones (;
weet 16 Party at the County Club in Fayetteville was a great success! Family booked me for Fathers' day and Xmas and Thanksgiving. The teen…
So simple! How come I didn't think of that?!?
I'm blesses to not have a lot of issues right now..... Things have been going pretty well
When the time presents itself you must act fast! #Momentum is key to
hah! RT Neighbors in #SpringwellsVillage come in all shapes and sizes.
OKC going all. the. way.
hates me and then loves me .. what todo
for real? man thats really nice to hear that just made my night. 100%
Thanks for ruining my day. I was having a good morning and then they had to come along. great. just thanks.
Use this coupon for $39.99; full discount off 97 min Battle of Atlanta Video; go to www.xwarrior.tv; use coupon at checkout! E
Spurs got it Koop!!!
I don't know what's worse: last year's onslaught of baby showers or this year's onslaught of 30th birthday parties.
. and we have lots of information for teaching about water, lots of children's books and more.... Give us a call.
Guess what I had for dinner, suckaaaa. Ok, ok, I'll just tell you. Tacos.
bitch! go to his profile!
Swagg swagg RT : Gotta get to the studio so I can send these intsrumentals
Has anyone gotten mad about/even asked why no one has given their campaign contributions to cancer research and called bullshit on USA?
For a mattress? D:
i like it XD u should download it, if u like taking pics :)
Though sort -n fails sometimes. sort -g works better for my money.
Is my neighborhood (old Irving) the only one in Chicago that doesn't have power right now? Time to ride my bike, I guess.
Same here. I haven't seen one of my favorites traded before and I'm hoping that doesn't happen now
Isn't it interesting...your very kind comment might just be what I needed to jumpstart my blog again.Funny how that works! Thanks!
In a #media planning crunch? Give us a call we can help with your outdoor #advertising!
THE RAVEN, starring John Cusack, opened this past weekend, referencing a slew of Poe's work. Did anyone see it? Thoughts?
Yes!! :) Love her!!! Hehe RT I met Gina at aria lol she said you told her to tell me hay girl lmao. You cray!
Partying with sigma chi alumni
TSMRadio we goin live from 8 to 10pm http//tsm-1.com/ click the radio button, then click the play button to ur left. We goin have a ball.
Christmas lights: Maybe it's a labor of love - St. George Daily Spectrum Christmas lights : Maybe it 's a labor of love St. George Daily
The libraries are the only universal academic resource. Every student needs them.
Veronica: *sigh* "Why can't the evil just get jobs like the rest of us?"
Bring the hawkster back
when you tweet a picture like that no one will notice the bracelet :3
Does anyone think, "I'll Have Another" will win the Triple Crown?
Danzig - Mother: via the perfect way to celebrate mother's day!
Happy Cinco De Mayo
Layin in bed listening to my boys fight..i only intervene when i hear a certain cry otherwise may the best man win..lmao!
I'm a loyal rail mail dog but did you know sea post clerks on #Titanic also sorted mail on the move? Over 60,000 letters a day!
When we going apt. hunting? Thanks I miss your class!!!!!
Spotting a cheerleader trying to do a flip, she punched me in my face and my tooth went through my lip
together. Otherwise you grow apart. And no, you can't "change" someone else.
“: Get ready.. Brenda Braxton - about to appear on #Grimm!!” quick cameo..nice job tho
Step up in the club, lil mama bad<3
For ppl following #digitallearning panel. MT Send questions here or to
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 46
subscribe on youtube at sarahsophiatv
Good night everyone! :) <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> YOU'RE MINE.
Awesome! Paid version=ad removal, access to high scores from the start screen(free visible at end of game), and 20 levels
i am too sober to be around this much family right now
Why must people leash their children like a dog
GOOD! so if we lose, the Sixers lose right?
dance,competition this weekend :)
he's a curler!
okay whatever you say
works fine now. Thanks
thank you! :D
11th june yeah bt theres loads of us & were all nic/ im just gonna be fucked for the most of it acting like a crazy person!
when do you want to do a BBQ party? I am eager to host. Should pick a weekend in late April
I just noticed doesn't follow me?! :( #ForgetYouThen lol
Doing office work before heading to the premiere of Last Breath this afternoon.
"The first draft of anything is s***." Ernest Hemingway
If you don't give Philly a show soon, I'm going to start an #occupyraheemdevaughn movement :l
Swim Good.. Frank Ocean
You ain't about that life.
crap! must must must.. oh forget about it :(( i'm so tired. i get over it!
I am sorry.
- Agree!!! The show in Cbus was stellar! Hope Toronto enjoys the fun tonite!
ps... I only said fuck u cuz I knew her ass had me on speaker phone... Sorry
Heading in to make another
No offense to anyone else's belief system, but when I speak to the Lord, I speak to the creator of Chobani yogurt.
THIS JUST IN: The Brass-A-Holics will be LIVE at Bayou Boogaloo May 18, 2012...5p...Orleans Stage. WE GET IT IN!!!
#IfIDieYoung I'd be happy
Give that special someone the love that they deserve. Make them feel like they have never felt before. And enjoy the holidays.
PLEASE FOLLOW MEE!!!! I've been a fan since the beginning! And my mom thinks she is ur #1 fan! Lol:)
Time to give up. I feel like it's time.
Aparrently I'm just going to have a headache + stuffy nose + sore throat all weekend long. should be pretty fun ):
Rep. Giffords to attend husband's space shuttle launch in April
because it's cold and dangerous and it won't start til 12 anyways
I keep checking every 5 minutes. Can't believe I didn't scream and fall off my bike when I saw him.
You don't happen to have an extra ticket to see Usher tonight do you? Hook a brother up of you can! BTW, pompadour = classy.
Got it. Here's an open invitation. You're welcome on my blog anytime!
All we need is Hennessey then a sprite squeeze it in it, twist a lemon, this one is the best one in it
changed my profile pic in honor of my fellow veterans :)
I had a reading done today of my past present and future...it was quite interesting to say the least. Might do it again..
what he said. Make your little guy comfortable and just try to keep calm.
I found me somebody to love <3
Orlando opens the scoring with a touchdown pass to Sippio. Kick is GOOD! 7-0 Preds
still want to check out the Reel Music Film Fest?
Never watched more of one TV show that I hate so much.
oh yeah, I smelled a clear "stick to Nora Roberts, little girl" subtext there.
My work computer is junk. I can only take so many mid-project freezes!!!!!
its a long story bro... I got u friday when i come out there
...something is just missing.
Of course, the original SH games aren't without their occasional jump-scares as well. Folks forget that, I think...
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Did you know if that if you don't wear green today, you're supposed to get pinched?!
NIce! congrats man!
Why do I always fall for your lies?
Had my first LSU orientation today, and I'm excited for my SLIS orientation on Saturday! Time to find my inner Tiger ;-)!
Omg what??
Fishing tomorrow. Wish me luck;)
im trying to get 1.4k....maybe soon
i want to believe so bad that kobe can still jump...maybe horse plasma injections are the key to regaining his hops.
Watching I can't wait to see Steve Carrell he is so funny!
Or if Jason Lytle, Matthew Caws and Mark Oliver Everett started a harmonizing acoustic trio. That would have a dreary sound.
You can have the Super Bowl, I'll take these two days over any other on the sports calendar.
school tomarrow.........NOT FUN
Well I needed to get up but yes very annoying!
Everyone tune into fox news and the O'Reilly Factor to see talk politics. Ch.40 in the dorms
What to do with myself tonight. Stay in or go out?
lol yea ik! It's so gorgeous, I want her hair<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
tommy appeals to soft-conservatives & moderates, not the uber-conservatives who attend convention. Still tommy's race 2 lose
How many hookahs do you have with a water base taller than 12 inches (or 30 cm)?
Ok... this sux... I cant seem to fall asleep :-(
LRT , so adorable!!
Lol RT RT this if you are a mother, have a mother or have ever met a mother
yu need to quite bs
Haha will do!
You may think I'm your favorite bartender.... You should hear how much shit I talk about you first
That's how you would do me? just up like that?
I wore a large sweater, holey skinnies, and my moccasins because feeling especially ugly today.
When I figure out whre FB put the questions tab I'll be able to announce the winner. (One more issue with the new timeline.)
obviously no one said that because there is one. Check your facts.
I would, but non-HD content is hard to watch and H2 is not in HD. how about it?
so what sitting still is boring :)
Anyone who went to Jazz Fest knows that Yellowman killed it. Big Tings at the Vintage Reggae WinterFest THIS SUNDAY!! FEB 19th!
so far, this mono thing sucks:P
I can't im a wounded warrior for now
haha great time at the mall! :) really like her!!
follow back
New option trade comoing this Friday.
Who has instagram?
Do you have a pro Twitter account now? If so, I'd follow and/or add it to a list.
our interactions yesterday made me miss you ten times more than I already do!
you should be worries that Peyton will decide to come to TN :)
it's a 4-Play weekend! Listen for four in a row from your favorite CLASSIC ROCK bands!
....peeing in panties over this album....
Does anyone know bout how long 2 leave a hot pocket n a tanning bed 2 achieve a crispy crust
Hibbert one bucket, one block short of a triple-double.
how'd RSL fair?
Fax in reservation to: 646-304-5858 or email us:
Yup, goodnight twitter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
keep charging forward!
Had out to clean my carpets today...they look Awesome!
Keep your head up it always gets great later!!!
When I'm bored, nobody texts me. When I'm busy, my phone blows up!
Have a brilliant day! <U+263E> <U+261D> <U+273D> <U+2665> <U+263A> “Ideas can be life-changing. Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea.”—Jim Rohn
I had totally forgot about them Scott.
and if you ask me we've had more scientific, artistic and philosophical accomp than at any other time in history
RT : Love my Jill Milan Chelsea! xx RT : hosting Jen's carrying JM Chelsea...
Why do the leaf blowers always start right before an interview call?
Wait, is Sanchez your starter? I thought Jesus took over that position.
hell yeah. I'd love 2C that view
Sometimes I wish I was a kid again-Back when boys were ur friend cuz of ur personality & ur candy, now they just want u 4 ur other goodies.
Being in the rain with your crush<3
you ever listen to Hellogoodbye? Was playing hose throwbacks as well..
Thanks for getting "Kiss from a Rose" stuck in all of our heads. But seriously, great performance.
Iight I got u
awesome, thanks for the quick fix & the reply! :)
less than 24?! It's less than 3 for us! Cheese binge!!!!
T.G.I.F. Woot woot for the weekend! Shout out to our cool fans.
Yep! Thursday, May 17 we celebrate the end of the inaugural season in our new Walker's Point home.
Ask him why he bullies teenagers!
And now my head hurts, whats next?
Happy Administrative Professionals Day - Your hard work is appreciated!
Fear of failure in the eyes of the world is the single biggest obstacle to success in life
My condolences go out to you and your family. Sorry for your loss.
"when she was little your wife played house and you bought her a house! she played with her easy bake oven and you bought her a real oven!"
read Murakami! I just started it 1Q84
How come the Count keeps calling his BF in Jesus 'Woodrow' when his name is clifford?
We'd love to have you! Got a good selection of boutique wines in last week, and are really excited about the feedback!
English needs a word like Norwegian's "Fylleangst"--definitely experienced that this morning.
Yeah, I have facebook. Seriously, who doesn't? Haha anyways...Why do you ask?
I'm about to sleep SO good in 's bed
Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness. Thomas Carlyle
Y would you wanna grow-up to be a cop
and this is exactly why i shouldn't leave the office for lunch... i just don't want to come back... ever...
Sunday's good for me! It's only 6 minutes from us :)
I don't really answer calls, but I'll surely text back.
Don't miss PDX TV Reports tonight featuring our Go Red For Women Health Expo at Macy's. Go Red!!
Uh yep!!
Riley thing was awesome but no sleep. :( hahaha
has the party going... It's a full house...
which would force them to violate their religious conscience.
It's 180 days until the 161st ! Whose ready for a cream puff??
Josh was great tho he made it this far . Comeback next year again !
Fighting Irish in Toledo :)
lmfao I'm serious! And where you at child? imu
#workaholics plus nachos and cheese.
Ya boy Finna kill tha pizza and chill..
I think young ppl who want to become singer/songwriters only want 2 things. Fame and fortune. and those 2 things can go away.
I can't log in on TIU! My screen name was kadafi. I haven't been online for about 7 weeks due to the Libya crisis. Please help me!
I love u brother the best brother of he world
I kant wait to see my girl tonight
Thanks for the RT! Nice to see you working it here. Have a great weekend!
Steph, big decision but will be best...i hope to see you soon. ML
Sunday brunch is a go! Full steam ahead with brunch and lunch menu, 2-4-1 Bloodies and Mimosas, and espresso bar. From 11 to 3.
Night everyone is there anyone who docent hate school ya I'm one of those freaks!!! :) night everyone! <3
Hey. Were you the awesome guy who dropped off tons of duplicates at the master trading card table? If so, thanks a million!
thanks Nick - the shocks kind wearing off now. Just really sad.
yes agree with all you say.... Mistress Susan knows best now for her pet in training Katharine Thatcher now and always.
Listening to Simon Townshend's album "Among Us" - Another gem!!!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: I'm in SHOCK that Perry's sonogram law requires a wand be inserted into the woman's vagina for no reason!!!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 23
Chicks dig it, too. But maybe not for the first date.
Just lost a 40k pot KK vs QQ. All in pre. He rivers a Q obv. 55k now. And I just found out it was the case Q. Nothing like a 1-outer.
happened to me ;)
Before the snark comes, keep in mind, Bass' missed dunk wasn't due to unnecessary flashiness like Smith's.
RT Dammit we need more candles. How am I supposed to find the wine bottles.
My table is so soft now that the other young whipper snapper busted. Still one pretty solid kid on my direct right. The rest #EZMoney !
thanks guys!
So hungry.
"My love for you is like wind, u can't see it, but I can feel it!"
no :(. release the sunbird will be opening for death cab in Pomona 10/14. That's about it for now...
Things are good. Great series so far. Sorry the weather is not cooperating with your weekend plans. See you on Monday.
~God is good, all the time. All the time God is good.~ :)
multi-functional vaporizer?
Prince Lionheart is launching two new balance bike designs in April. A scooter and motorcycle bike.
CentLnk said they had 10amp crossover that crossed back at another pole, 10 poles down; their faulty installation & repeat service checks
Logistically, it is difficult as a developer to balance consumer wants from social media platforms -
entered my stats for march - 10 storytimes for the month, 411 attendees. 3 tours, 75 attendees, 5 other programs, 95 attendees
Where are all the classy girls these days. U don't have to drink like a tank to be fit in or impress Be yourself. be real. don't be sloppy.
Artest go crazy when he mad haha
Wish we could have had a little more support from the school faculty/staff and Students
I live 6 blocks away from her.
Don't miss Kershaw vs. Kennedy, starts right now. Pitcher's duel
Playing La Nouba tonight!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend with the weird laugh..
Works for the Wild actually
#FatGuyProblems Trying to decide what to eat for breakfast. Too many choices.
What a small world! I didn't know you knew ! Thanks again for coming to the show last Thursday :)
Softball game was fun(:
Being inside a car that doesn't have tinted windows makes me feel so awkward........it's like you're sorta naked lol!
no how Bout not and say we did
Pledge $5 or more for exclusive videos and photos from Jaysin in the studio and video set only for new Kickstarter people only.
You got that right! ;)
Def a Greater > Than Moment. #LeftArmHigh Great to c u today & see Paul Adams.
Where'd all the good people go?
It's amazing how much respect you can lose for a person with just one phone call.
Oh good, I kept checking my tweets so I would be the first to hear!
Umm excuse me, but where is Brooklyn at? #wherebrooklynat?
That's what I like about these highschool girls, I get older they stay the same age.
Thank you for sharing this interesting article. I am a traditionalist when it comes to the white coat and patient care.
On this day many & few years ago I started in radio i was a nugget at age 12 my first show was actually 6 hours long FYI ;0]
come to chicago so you can come to the gay bars with me and party!
I hear ya man as sad as it sounds I feel the way u do about Spirit about bcse of some dirty things they have done
wyd I been text u
it's going to be an extra coffee day.
Flatstock 29 on 3/16-3/19 in Austin is FREE & Open to the public! Everything you need to know is here: bit.ly/gLOu7b
Re: leftovers, how often do you consider your RAW food leftovers? how often your cooked food? (Subject of latest online post. Pls comment!)
LOL! Not true! Today I made a point to RT your non-risque tweets. I just can't get any credit, smh... :-)
It's mark AND sweep. Not mark OR sweep.
i get this friday off. whoop whoop!
That is awesome. We'll send you her email address now; I'm sure she'd love to hear your insight!
BBL. Have a great Star Wars day everyone. May the 4th Be With You :0)
le cellular device got taking away
lol I have this image of you at your desk with a milk jug full iced coffee sitting next to you
Pau Gasol's doubled his scoring output from Game 6.
seaside,fl...I wish i could pocket you and take you home on those days when life gets the best of me....sunshine is the best medicine:)
This foo said a pause moment lhh.. I almost coughed up my lunch
Where is our pizza??
Ppl most fear being single forever smh
Little else you say can change so much in the life of another as words of praise, compliments, or encouragement. - The Universe
Happy new Year from Australia Kathy and Anderson!!!
Everything is great when you don't give a f*ck."
Have a great time! Be safe!
#Easter is coming! Is there a rock n front of yo tomb? We all could use a #resurrection of some kind
are you playing in/around Nashville during CMA Fest?! :)
“: Why do people spend time searching for the closest parking spot possible at the gym? Isn't that counter-productive”
This sat of lime in metry!!!
Looking forward to checking it out. Thanks for the tip!
But if my time is up, let me know right now. I will find a way to your heart again. #speedin'
The only thing I miss about GWB is that the GOP had no problem raising the debt ceiling 7 times.
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." Henry David Thoreau
said it best: Kathleen Mulligan is timeless. Always wonderful to see her!
that's a great movie for inspiration!
Oooooohhhhhweeee...... download the 7-4-09 show at pulsehiphop.net!!!! THIS WEEK, SPECIAL GUEST DJ !!!!
At Chilifest in Bothell. Great Chamber event for a good cause - Hopelink.
This would have been a good birthday party on a fucking Friday.
yes it is, gorgeous wedding!
I heard about both at same time. First time I heard about it was an interview of author. As soon as she said Twilight...barf.
RT : Check out our Facebook for our little accessory report feat +...
Maniac Monday sounds fun, though more difficult to dance to.
Dear , please try to remember my camera charger tomorrow. Please and Thank You<3
Herro Sugar is headed on stage now. We are next!
When Does Abdc 7 Start.?:O
Legs Never Closed She say This All You Can Eat
~ I like this...The Bible says to esteem others higher than yourself. Sometimes hard, but always humbling!
Why arkham city demo be so short :( every time I make a little more progress haha
Today is the day (1883) Karl Marx died, dirt poor, age 64.
#T4stars live If you could do a song with any artist who would it be?? :D p.s. I love you! <3
Why do we press the start button to turn off the computer?
I know u got the kit I'm asking where's the fucking beats
Almost positive that I'm the only customer buying gum drops from the grocery store. Embarrassed that they keep stocking them, however.
I'm just so bored.
"it's beginning to look a lot like Christmas Ev'rywhere you go; "....sing it! Merry Christmas everyone!
#gutfeelings are always right
Hahaha! I felt that it was necessary to let you know that if I was there, I'd party it up with you. (:
Jadakiss is still one of the hardest out.
i chillin will hanna smith tonight babe...next weekend??
bro my grapes got TO frozenn!! LMFAO #FAIL :(
#ArtFact: #Claude #Monet's father disapproved of his painting, he wanted him to be a grocer.
Once a sonic opened, I stop seeing their tempting commercials ever 3.8 seconds.
haha he'll naw say you not feeling good tomorrow
Thanks for the follow my fellow gamer :)
I just collaborated on a song with Billy Montana at Curb Studios!
I'm excited! I may be giving my first intakes and risk assessments today. Let's cross our fingers I show them what I'm made of.
FUCK OFF DICK++++
Last day of WoW at University Library! We're giving handing out popcorn, t-shirts, staplers, and coffee mugs. Stop by before 6pm!
Street urchins love me
Hey! Hot stuff (;
www.PatriotSafe.com gives us bigger discounts so we can get you serious discounts!
Loyalty has levels.
I just heard Carrie Underwood's new song. I LOVE it! About time she comes out with new music. :-)
I love tuesday nites, with my aunt and parents
Cavs.... Damn you
why cant i be british? why am i stuck her in new york? #WHY ?!?!?!?!?! I WANT AN ACCENT!
RT ..: Hi how are you? :) Please follow .. :) he can get you more follows
Hopefully this day gets better...
Sometimes I feel like its not safe for me to be out driving this early.
This must be that "Kevin Brown" stuff the Brewers were talking about 10 years ago
look at the tweet I replied to.
DM me ya email bro?
$100 and you got a deal
All those fairy tales are full of shit, one more fucking love song, I'll be sick.
I hate burnt popcorn and hot tamale's xD they're too hot for me xD
Enjoy!!! All the best - ShowClix :)
can't wait ;)
ck is out from memphis. Home of the blues and super soul music!
We are the best!
Awww Chris we all miss you!!!
I want a shout out!
Hehe. I never get drunk on purpose...
Whoohoo love Mondays & seeing all these fabulous new followers! Thx
Wow- So proud of how far you have come! So strong and ready to take on the world. Great seeing you today. Go get 'em!
my old dance teacher choreographed a routine for this. seriously, it was the most fun i have had dancing.
It's a beautful Saturday afternoon.. Grab a margarita... or 2.... Relax out on the patio, feel the cool breeze as the fireplace keeps you...
Sitting here drawing
On location shooting Youth Build Lake County fundraising video. A great organization serving Lake County Illinois.
nights are really rough for me these days....
This is not a good sign: "Newly Inaugurated French President's Plane Hit By Lightning" #huffpost Maybe let Greece off the hook? Zeus??
We are revolutionizing the urinal. Stay tuned.
Go out into the world today and love the people you meet.
1300 feminists are getting all Studio 54 with Gloria Gaynor at the 2nd World Conf of Women's Shelters
press my follow button please,? It would mean the world to me <3 xx
How do i feel?!....Driven! How do I feel?!..... Successful! How do I feel?!...Passionate!! How do i feel?!...Determined!!
i didnt take pictures friday with anyone, i should've had but i let something small worry me ugh
if i'm stupid, you're an idiot haha
Thanks for the RT - I am loving it here in
Had a great interview w/ WSIC earlier and getting ready to speak at Calvary Church tonight in Charlotte!
My prayers have been answered. #simmonsisback, you're going to learn about fantasy fb tonight
hehe!! So glad I saw you too :)!
Backstage At Japan Fashion Week Kisses!
We ain't leave you. Just hard at work on #version7 of the site. More stable, new content, same mission:
Will U all post a link onTwitter?
Couples who have a single Facebook account for the both of them should die in a fire. Or at least get really bad sunburns.
Your sisters so adorable!!!!!!!!! you try living with her -.-
such a great performance. Wow!
got lost in cherry hill, but didn't get strawberry fielded. #Dox was HOT! #ayo !!
how have you been?
AQAP in Yemen learning lessons. three weeks ago they executed 60+ captured soldiers now they released them, why? it cost them over 180 KIA
169 closed in both directions near hwy. 55 after major crash.
If you haven't gotten in your car, now is the time to put the peddle to the medal! Mudbugs in March at Court Square Park has started!...
um cause i would always be the third wheel with u n jared
Holy crap I am moving back to Orlando!!!! Hotties on this plane!!! :-)
Up to $125K in down payment assistance. #Affordable homes at Colony Park in Anaheim by Brookfield Homes!
Awesome, but Cap didn't do anything super awesome in this trailer
Telling myself I didn't need to was the only mental block I had. Weak as it was. Shatter it and become better.
wish the KCJA could be there!
there is a Starbucks or dunkin donuts on every corner...
Just went from a good mood to a bad mood
It's gonna be President No Soul to him in a matter of months!
Question. What is six inches long, two inches wide and make men act like fools? Answer. Money.
“: enemies close, cuz friends switch sides when shit get live.”
Making more sales with www.GenesisRxHealth.com - perfect products for People, Planet, and Pets! Start your own Biz! Check it out!
Tip: Spraying so much perfume in your apt that it burns a passerby's eyes is just as suspicious as the entire hallway smelling like pot.
“: Buchholz is really upping his pitch count with all these throws to first base.” Any conferences on the mound yet?
nah u good homie!
Alantic gardens rental office is the absolute worst
We just realized we reached 1000 fans ---- LIKE this status if you are one of them!
Locally produced Natural by Nature Whipped Cream - antibiotic & growth hormone FREE! In stock for that locally sourced Thanksgiving feast.
4/20 mix appropriate as i am reading my professor's manuscript on psychedelics "Neuropsychedelia" - in an unaltered state...
#envisionbig...During the #Oscars the movie directors were called "visionaries". They envisioned their movies & then made it happen...
first draft of book 3 done! I am working on translation of "The Writer" and "Putsch"
You ain't hurd?
Clearly I'm still hungover because that last tweet made no sense haha. But yeah, into beth ditto .....
Energy Meeting TODAY with at in Roland Pk Library , 6:30, as a part of
Thanks ! We appreciate it. First generation students are so important today - we're doing everything we can to help!
69 follower hahahaahah no one follow me :)
Here's a toast to the future, a toast to the past, and a toast to our friends, far and near.
i thought u were 16 or something! :P
I know what my xmas wish is..for to notice me..and maybe follow me.. God bless. :)
DM so I can give u my Cell
treated your self to some mcd's on the ride home...
We Love You Mama Pattie! Happy Mother's Day!
he called me too! Why'd you take pictures?!
#EverydayDayIThinkAbout when is that special girl gonna come into my life?
which one?
You'll never find the right person if you don't let go of the wrong one.
in gym class
Ops...meant best supporting actress nod for Melissa McCarthy...well done!
I'm still pissed off
Neva to much
It's still on. 77-75 #Pacers, 32 sec left.
Faces of late night would make an amusing Tumblr.
Just another Monday... We are missing #AFT already. How about you guys?
Bynum showing no effort getting up and down the court. Better on offense but where is he on defense?
If only you could tweet in staff.
OMG this.
Consider it a post-graduation life crisis, but I'm really into trying new things lately. Scratched skydiving off my list, next up: yoga.
#5thyearsenior begins now
My right hand fina b nasty in a few months
I'm the HBIC. Never forget.
August 2013 30-years, but who's counting! You have an entire year to plan your trip to the Midwest!
People at Iowa State are effing ridiculous. Is this college or a ball-pit at mcdonalds?!
REACHING THE STATUS QUE FOR SUCESS IS THE CHALLENGE OF YOUR LIFE AMBITION, DON'T GIVE UP
listening to I See Stars and singing on the top of my lungs, why because I'm angry and hurt and it makes me feel better
hahah for life<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> I'm going to miss you Becca..
Right now discussing Youth Homelessness and the very sensitive issue hoping to take action on it
This things kinda odd(:
Boots for President?
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
Mayor V here thanking the Good News ladies for all they do.
Looks like the next two days I'm gonna be living off of Starbucks DoubleShot Espressos and gluten free yogurt-covered pretzels.
#Superstarent making moves concerts commin soon!
I kid you not bro, you have some of the best homemade videos I have ever seen! :)
Yes Monte Oton is a beautiful wine and very fairly priced. Spain is doing such great work with reds right now.
Why does Dell only honor the warranty repairs for 30 days? Substandard parts or repair work.....
Green Tip: There are lots of things in nature that are unhealthy or lethal to humans; be aware when examining products claiming to be green!
just a baby bit puffy! Lord, nights with you are always so eventful
I'de never seen an owl in real life, always wanted to. Just did for the 1st time. It was white, in daylight, devouring screaming baby birds.
not knowing the people sitting next to you during graduation<<<
Having talent with NO money, NO team & NO plan is like having water with NO eggs, NO milk & NO flour. Neither makes "BREAD"
Hey, you're back. Hope you had a relaxing trip
Hotel partners include Courtyard Marriott, Fairfield Inn and Springhill Suites! All are steps from the start line!
Thanks for including us, Jerome!
but take your memories i dont need them , but you'll think of me ;D <3
Will I ever find the special one for me?
I feel like someome just read my #LT then said No one cares Lmao
What's good
Water can damage hoses. Think of the hose as a drinking straw: The larger the diameter, the less effort is required by you
win!! Game Six is already won...So on to game seven!! prepare for it!!
Candyman was great PR for Cabrini-Green.
He The Most DryTextix Texter Ever...
Here we go Boom Boom David Murphy tie game!!!
#HesAKeeper , I don't wanna let go.
Eggs/Hashbrowns/Sausage/Toast/Pancakes/Coffee?
you are like the the US Army -- you now do more before 7am than I do all day
I wish my brain had WiFi
Signing off of likemind for April - see you next month!
Aight good, cuz I don't be throwing stickers around to just anybody! RT : I didn't say I didn't keep it. Lol
overheard: "omg, talk about a digital alien." hahahhahahhahh
Obama didn't suggest a moral equivalency b/w his political success and abolition. He suggested b/w his policy successes... etc.
lo voy a leer mi pana, debo admitir #android hardware is very powerful
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 1
Hey thanks for the follow! You guys are awesome!
LOL, I survived! It was a fun show. Thank you for making it fun!
Yes which is why the MT. Can't respond to multiple points in 140 characters RT you're editing...
Never mock the antlers!
I'm a wimp too- its why I moved to LA after college in NYC. Too many blizzards there! Brrrr!
BIW getting ready for next Mondays NEC Users' group event at the ICE #NEC3UG. Stand ready, new NEC case study approved by major client, phew
women celebrate computing in beautiful Tennessee
...with the potential to be a 2-game series...!
No amount of secret journals is enough space to confess my feelings towards you.
Ben, would you make a YouTube video? We have no idea what to do and we are so excited to do it!
It's a rainy day. Know what that means ii ain't doing anything. Lol
We're spinning wheels of stardust giving birth to life...
Congratulations on winning the #PulitzerPrize today my friend. Tears of joy!!!!!
In all fairness, browser plugins saved us from codec hell and gave us YouTube. But it's not 2005 anymore.
see thank you! I'm glad somebody recognized!
Thanks for the mention, my man!
I can feel the boys staring at me through the posters. Am I the only one that feels this way?
mad props to the broad street run--great race made even better by the fact that there were multiple forms of pretzels in the goodie bag.
well good!! (: what did you do today? I am just trying to get better resting! (:
Missing the love of my life:(
idk where the fuck that 4 came from so don't mind it lmfao
DreamWorks Animation considers distribution options
no I'm just stating facts. They are a losing team with him so far
scored a perfect 100...he's an absolute freak, in the absolute raddest possible way.
Don't use the washer when the dryer is out of order
He called me back... :)
Patrick Cudahy fire rekindled. MABAS box alarm response. Possible collapse into unburned area.
Don't you hate it when your crappy mascara glues your eyelashes together so it just feels really weird to blink?
lol Don't be so hard on yourself. I think you have beautiful eyes. Girl, embrace your beauty!! :)
Careful... By May there could be a whole new TH album with an American tour well need to budget for.
never mind.. got it.. thanks
Crush on you - Peyton Sanders ft. Austin Mahone on replay <3 This is a song i can relate to.
that sounds unreal. on multiple levels. GOOD LUCK! go #techcamp team.
God puts obstacles in our paths so we can learn and grow stronger. Things fall apart so better things can come together!
HA! My cat is too sensible to step in it...
I love my best friend , thank you for picking me up everyday of the week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
": Guys play better when they're pumped up. Girls play better when they're pissed off. #athleteswag" so true <3
Jane Franklin Dance "Take a Deep Breath – Art That Moves", Torpedo Factory, tonite, 7pm. Explores the emotional connection to place.
Happy 4th of July - we are here at the shop loading up a wedding - what a fabulous day for a Wedding at the Point Defiance Park!
People are actually taking the Test your Media Knowledge quiz that worked so hard on! :)
So tired. v.v
the prodigal son hath returned.
you better be at the new Albany classic!it won't be the same without your awesomeness your the only reason I'm going:)<3
Do you think Señora would want me to get a good night's sleep before this test, or study?
woohoo! our first #cluncon spam tweet! we're official!
no you ain't Joe..
first paper of the semester due on monday.. guess i better get started :/
I wish I didn't have to pilot stuff and could just jump in both feet, head first, kowabunga and fail. unlimited budget/no repercussions ;)
Dear Followers , We just Moved to our Original Account
and I'm not a witch BTW. I'm a wolf. Haven't you seen twilight? ;-)
- thanks! I'm BigOven's founder/author. Glad you like it!
Stigmata with Patricia Arquette was the #1 movie this day in 1999. Freaky.
Loving this fall weather!
cant stop watching the show!! So awesome... Definitely someone i look up to!!!
I would lie and say that your not on my mind.
yup it is lmao. But how life as Common's double
But I'm so glad you came!
I want a Roc City Tonight Get Glue Sticker.
I was but I moved and next year ain't that long
That's awesome, and I can't wait to see them! I always take a few myself, but nothing that can compare to the pros.
they tryed to fight my lil cousin these three bitches I was like tf so I stepped in
join recruithighschool.com post highlight tapes and photos for free get exposure to college coaches
The 711 I was just at had a better #craftbeer selection than most liquor stores, including a whiteboard where you can leave suggestions.
Really? Please go on.
Last class before leaving for Nashville, ready for something new
Shoe shopping :)
Does anyone know where Kamal went? And if he's coming back?
the doctor and the doctor said no more iconics jumping on stage. 3 big iconic's jumping on stage mikey fell off and bruised his
Aquarius: you gonna die. “: how much for 1 rib?! “: Cornbread. Ain't nothin wrong wit that “"
fantastic! will be sending you something tomorrow :)
Umm I'm five minutes into the private movie. Holy stupid.
Caleb's convos at lunch >>>>
Knew y'all were going to talk about me at dinner <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> And ya, that Chuck E Cheese stage show scared the hell out of me. Still does
I'm legitimately enthralled by this golf instruction of
RiverFront Investment Group, LLC Named Money Management Institute&#39;s Advisory Solutions Emerging Manager of the Year
Go Spurs Go!!! San Antonio all the way!!
Katy Perry, Robert Ackroyd Get Close At Coachella: Singer Cuddles With ... - Huffington Post
how come when I check in to the exact same thing as on of my friends, I don't get the same sticker (specific KY Derby)
~_._.+ G1 BLOWING UP CLUB MATRIX ON SATURDAY...SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Just bonded over a book at the bar:-)
Do not ask what the next person is doing for YOU, ask what YOU are doing or the next person. Chuuch! Lol
Is it me or is Mac Miller a very attractive man?! ahah
love it!
Tonight It's Live writing staff currently in peace talks with booze.
Just cast my absentee ballot for Not allowed to disclose guv vote.
so wat that doesnt change the fact u dont risk yo life everyday in mexico as i do be cautious bout gun shots
totally understand. I braved the heat to go to the farmer's market and then 3 other stores. Im not cooking either.
Excited about attending 's BTU course in a few minutes. Lots of hype around his class here at
did you check out your bootleg yet??
I like that format on" Legends" Checking it out soon.
Hey , my answer is Black
hey lady
Get your own damn dippin dots.
yes, exactly.
haha thanks and good luck next semester!
Bitch shut up. My god. We'll never be good friends again.
I've got a feeling I'd have a harder time casting in IL.
Big thank u to for being the driving force behind Philip Humber's perfect game! Your hate made it possible!
In the studio today!
": I knew God was going 2 get him out dat situation! It proves u can't keep a good nigga down!"
sickest idea for a shirt
Off to D.C. for the week, where as usual I'll be hitting and
ZOMG. I'm babysitting Elliot tonight, by myself. Father/son party!
We're getting our new appliances in today for our fancy new kitchen! Yay :)
not gonna lie i dont really like the Slight Work Remix....
Naw Im very young Im 25 gon on 26 and I still feel 18. 100lbs heavier but still feel like Im 18
too bad he's out for the season!!
Frozen, blended bananas are smooth, creamy and taste just like ice cream--but fat, sugar, dairy and gluten-free. Also low calorie!
Thanks! I'm excited. It's a 3-4K word essay on this guy who is a photographer/author/badass. Lotsa work & my deadline is 7/20
I hope u have an amazing birthday! Keep being grand! Luv ya!
Just going with the flow. What ever happens, happens. It's
Temperature in Miami Beach today...80 degrees!
+1 RT RT : definitely check out our friends , rocked house and doing amazing things in community!
Get well soon, Glad you can laugh about it already. Bike helmets FTW!
rascal flatts june 29th with yes i think so!
#ifonlyIcould should be
Just listened to your latest WTF appearance. I think it took a lot of courage to publicly admit that you're actually 47.
I'm Not Feeling It Today So I'm Slapping Bitches Nbs
is following me now. should i be offended??.... nahh i accept this :/ LOL
#BASKETBALLWIVES I think TamiRoman thinks she's in the mob or somethin
It's April 29? What the fuck happened in April?
Big thanks to two other shoppers at Kids Consignment sale today who helped me haul Jules' chair to the register. So nice of them. Thanks
I thought you, and I were partaking in this? #oneforallandallforone?
Ghost Bar - The Palms Vegas. W/bgood & draupp
piece of cake...
On the #Megabus in downtown #Chicago going nowhere. Apparently, we are waiting for a licence. Plan ahead next time idiots!
hello Jasper
Breaking News: Romney Lies Again ~ Nose Crosses Atlantic ~ Spotted In France
Thanks for the follow - looking forward to learning from you!
One Direction!
Some Games demos, This screen seems to be gorgeous!!
As soon as I looked into your big blue dreamy eyes, I knew that I was in love<3
I really love storms. (:
The Cubs, Bears YEA, Bulls NO
My last mention was 2 days ago... Sad life :(
say what you want, I found a website page dedicated to you and your scams, slander? Do not speak about my label again, fraud.
“: I keep my room messy so that if someone tries to kill me they'll trip over and die” haha there ya go
Amen to that!
Play a show and make 50 dollars, go out and find a Parking ticket for 30. At least we are up $20. Life is good.
<U+2713> Saddam Hussein <U+2713> Osama Bin Laden <U+2610> Justin Bieber
"The future has a way of arriving unannounced." George Will
Juicy Fridays regrand opening tomorrow at hydrate!!
Watchin New Episode Of "Game Of Thrones" Itz Goin Down Like A White Girl!!!
I have no problem with 'Err on the side of empathy'. But that's a guideline, not an unbreakable rule.
Now we have painters in the office today. What fun.
I was impressed with his win in the Illinois derby.
Mike - just realizing that it's you sending me this note. Thanks for the feedback! We look forward to seeing you Monday! :D
awesome thanks for the post keep blogging girl..i love it
I had forgotten how creepy the Like A Virgin number is.
love your hair in that pic!
Derrick Carter live in #Pittsburgh Friday night w/ & Aaron Clark $10 cover at the door. for tables
New trend
orientation day at
dollar shave club trip report?
Woke up with Guacamole on my mind!
I'm sleepy yet kinda hyper...WTF?! O__O
you're jealous of my babe magnet ;)
Happy Wednesday! What's keeping you going this morning?
Lol this nigga just put his nut on this nigga face/neck
Victory is mine, victory is mine, great day in the morning, Donna, for victory is mine, bring me all the finest bagels & muffins in the land
Derby time in the hotel business....tiring but definitely worth it
The worlds tallest free fall rollercoaster is The Giant Drop located in Australia
beautiful! what brings you to paree?
Join us for Summit IV November 10-11! Learn and network with some of the coolest, smartest women. #wssrisky in
kuz my family wishes that i was dead since the day that i was born. I should have died with my mom
(c) noticed in the ever-growing fanbase. Yes, I do have other following fandoms, but he is one of my favorites.
Don't forget! Mother's Day is SUNDAY! Come and shop today for unique products and gift cards for fabulous services!
aww Erin! Thanks! (:
FOR REAL, how has no one noticed the facebook and twitter feeds.
Have a great weekend :-))
I say it's time for a War On Declaring Wars On Things — TWITTER ARE YOU WITH ME
I TRYED TO BE FUCKEN NICE BUT YUR PUSSHING IT KEEP GOING AND U KNOW WHATS COMMING LOOK TO YUR RIGHT FOR A PREVIEW >
Best medals ever and well-earned! #highfive :)
Had any good pie lately? :)
Hey its Omer. GRAND FINALE at MYHOUSE Nightclub tonight. Want to come? Reply YES 4 list + details! Next Friday starts at MYSTUDIO
#FF The cast of #BabyDaddy: (because they're the coolest!)
#YouKnowItsRealWhen one of your followers say the shower was real as fuck & now u wondering what I really was like ... Lol
Hi Moms! Happy Mother's Day!
Tis okay, clouds. I'll make my own sunshine today!
This is looking like a contest Of who can act like they care less But I liked it better when you were on my side
I think they mean talked. RT : Have you stopped by and stalked to the US Marine Corps Historical Company yet?
Ugh I don't want to go to the desert... Bye wifi!!! See y'all never
come on Ryan, no one stays up later than me. It simply does not happen :)
Management Team: We have something in the works, happily Joe saw plans and approved them before he passed
At IUP, People of the Year/Social Justice Awards (and the Spring Fling Wing Blast) in the HUB today; Windover Piano recital 8PM, Gorell Hall
RT If your dog is fat, you're not getting enough exercise. ~Author Unknown
1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY PROTEST at SAN ONOFRE NUCLEAR ...SONGS Nuclear plant has the worst safety record of all US nuclear "SONGS threat to ...
Thoughts and prayers to the Va Tech community.
what u mean
Lmaoooo No I'm Not Jade.!!!
A4 Customer alignment metrics: I use customer sat scores, net promoter, CLV & ABC (Activity-based costing)
Do you have a broken or distorted side-view mirror on your car? In most cases, WE CAN HELP- WITHOUT having to replace the whole...
Bulls PG Derrick Rose will not play tonight vs. Bobcats due to sore back.
RT ": Congrats, Boston Garden crowd, for setting the record for largest Miami Heat home crowd impression"
thanks so much, guys! I know it'll be amazing!
#ReplaceSongTitlesWithTampon What Makes Tampons Beautiful -
sorry, i have no fucks to give !
Music buiz, marketing, business law, then back home to jam with the crew!
I'm still waiting for the thing.
What about the CueCats? RT : All iMacs go to heaven. But I bet there's a whole bunch of Newtons in purgatory.
Hahaha, that is VERY close! Too bad we weren't there to witness it!
O, right up 75, I see.
Anita - We have a team of writers, about 12 - we are Unity staff, students or ministers.
I'm tryna learn how to make beats
leave me one piece, please!
Looking back I believe parkour is Going to be our ongoing joke much like rollerblading was in the 90's
Heading down to Coachella
happy birthday <3 :]]
oh ok...we need too link up after i get back from china
What style?
Bought a super paper shredder. It's almost intimidating the way it chews things up and digest them.
#ala11 "We need to reimagine the library...instead of thinking of the library as a collection of collections, ...
that footage was equal parts awesome and frightening. thanks for hanging around to check us out!
good morning
Kobe thrives in the clutch!
btw mate, just saw one of your cooking shows on RocketJump, didn't know about it, but the Game of Thrones one was pretty funny...
It was awkward so we un-awkwarded it.
Great point guards kill the #Thunder every time. We have got to find a way to defend against and ultimately beat teams like this.
Top 2 goals for #bikiniseries 1.) Feel strong, lean & confident in my own skin 2.) Be kind to myself daily. No self-loathing here!
ARE THERE LOTS OF SQUIRRELS IN TX?.WAS THERE BUT DON'T REMEMBER..WE COMING BACK THO..LET'S HOOK UP..DRANK A LITTLE DRANK.F/S
KATE ASS! cinco de tyo is nearing. need any gear for the trip?
Bubba Watson, oh my.
I didn't know that. I've noticed Clips fans coming out more lately. Good luck next season though, go Spurs.
Today is international kissing day. So pucker up! Muah!
Listening to do Bill Cosby on 's podcast had me doing the dry heave silent laugh at work. Omg so damn funny!!!!
I tried my hardest to keep my hair from being impossible... oh well
why you got oss
Thank you, , , and for the women's and writer's retreat suggestions!
the wrestler? do you smell what the rock is cookin'?
please follow:) i will follow back:)
Ever do something in high school you weren't proud of? I know I did. 17 yr old me did a lot to make 34 yr old me blush.
Make money money make money money monayyyyyy
Happy Tuesday, new followers! :-)
i saw u on Jerry Springer and it was nice to see your jelly
"Oh, I miss my friends from drunk driving school. They were so cool!"- Homer
thanks for the love! Enjoy...
it's cool, follow me back then.
- thanks, guys!
Time to climb that hill 2 #unite11!
From a FB friend's post... "Damn its windy. I think Mega Maid went from suck to blow!" May the schwartz be with you all this Friday!
moms shitting on me cause i still sleep with my baby blanket
just like Repubs fillabustered, Dems in #Wisconsin are playing politics so this bill doesnt get pushed through without a debate. grow up
twitter is spamming -_- now h can't reply to my messages
April Fool Ads are becoming like the Super Bowl Ads now. A contest for who will generate the most buzz...
to wake up the fans.
m&m cookies are orgasmic
I've lived here in Vegas 23 years and I love this town, too.
I didn't randomly decide. I've been thinking that for a while now. I just thought I'd give it a little more time is all...
where they @??
Welcome to Twitter, & to the Tennessee Titans!
Have u come in 4 your $5 pastrami sandwich today! Try it on one of our soft French rolls or pita bread!
Ashford addressing libraries who don't collect R-rated movies. "We have R-rated BOOKS at the library..." True dat.
Our lotion promotion 2011 offers HUGE SAVINGS on our HT Lotion Bottles!! Stock up, or start using a lotion today! You'll love the results!
Headed to da gym to get a lil work out in
Lunch at Panera, good stuff at Alderwood mall with wifey, and wrapping with Portlandia. Hilarious show.
To be honest, the first time I found out who was, was after watching the Love Guru. Lol
hahahaha I'm crying!
pickin u up at 11 dropping u off at the mall cannot bring u home from the mall though
It's a little foggy here in Jacksonville, Florida.
you know me to well bro lmao
If she doesn't like hockey, dump and change
why u wearin a blue rag in yo 1 picture like you gang bang?
Mystical snapped on his new song Original
I spared you RT : I'm still up
RGIII nothing else. Finally us Redskins fans can look forward to watching our team play again.
Hi , thanks for being my 400 follower <3 big love to you from sweden ;)
Hah! Small world indeed!
Forward progress...keep pushing!
Tons of fun last night. Thanks to all who came out. Loudest show ever!
Tonight I'm at maxbar in Lincoln park for club kiss live and mixes airing on 925 kiss fm Toledo, Oh and hot 96 in Evansville, In!
I wouldn't have even noticed the necklace if you hadn't mentioned it, btw. Not sure what that says about me. :-D lol
Excited to hear about new AERA Ed Researchers Service Projects Initiative + grants. Already have several ideas!!
Prophecy: Music will come from bands who are not even formed yet!
we are the boys in motion, we give you our devotion
Budgie - Parents
Sorry we havent really been to date with things on cody but we have been dealing with personal stuff. But now were back for good ;*
We're ready for you! cc
Don't flatter me...Thanks!
Now this one is going straight to my husband! Thank you for the smile.
Just so no one worries, likely going to be off Twitter for the next two weeks. Have work travel & lots of talks 2 give next week, and...
I only use Twitter to keep in touch with and — what does that say about me?
Think I found my new bike ... So excited.! Making Tampa to Times square a reality
the subtle blurred background parallax as you scroll in the camera section
agreed. One week with a new tech is not enough.
Another car - one stopped, one BEHIIND pulled around to pass. I'm sure you'll get all the facts.
infant adoption cost
Going to sleep now. .___.
Dear Thirst, you rock my world. Thank you for awesome and proving just how powerful design.
Achilles is gonna be one mean dog he's only a puppy and he's already biting me -_-
Uhh... gets the words out and puts them in a word doc. I'm trying to go through hours worth of interviews.
Hank always has the right answer to a problem - enjoy! :)
:O what's more then most? :D <3
Ballet season opens in just 13 days! Grab your season tickets as they are going quick. The #AuditoriumTheatre is breathtaking.
Thank you for the follow and - I just need 1 more for 700
david and i are going to be at kickback jacks tonight to watch caps v rangers if interested!
Friday Special: Southwestern Salmon Cakes w radish salad, tequila-lime creme fraiche & warm black bean salsa $16.95!! Smitty & Robert...
Omg I'm so bored. yahoo answers sucks, facebook sucks, Pinterest sucks, does this site suck? probly lol
11 days until we see again :)
We feel very honored & grateful that the School Board wants to honor us tonight 4 being IPSAC champs at the School Board Meeting
Dear baby Jesus, deliver me from this demon child.
haha! I want Steve Madden to make a knock off of them!
I just had the weirdest nap dreams ever.
You too Meljay! <U+2665><U+2661><U+2665><U+2661><U+2665> Feel better soon!
Playing tonight at Hotel Angeleno West Lounge with vocalist Mark Arthur Miller, Nate Light and Jon Stuart. Soul music and Jazz. ...
I cant finally say I love OneDirection
Just found my new kick drum :)
RT Has Kurt said WHY all of these bots are scraping them? Curious. #clareity [How many hit Zillow?]
Seriously y'all, parts of Ponce are closed this weekend while the new Beltline bridge is finished. Try to walk over my way, ok?
RT "Life is painting a picture, not doing a sum." Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
What's up with this series not being over going back to DEN game 6 ass & where the fuck was the defense at?! That's the shit I don't like!!!
Got any dinner plans tonight? Where are you heading on this beautiful Friday night?
okay good. Idk who it would be....def not me
Irby gets so open that not even David Ash could miss him. Punch it in!
it's getting closer to CMA FEST time, I already bought my tix way in advance hoping u will b there, any word yet if u will b going!!!!
Yes, as educators it's our job to step to the challenge, even if we're not social media experts.
The stone is a unit of measurement that was used in many North European countries until the advent of metrication.
" Happy Belated Birthday!
Are you playing today? Use #underdog for pix, stories, and nonsense.
i swear its like that on EVERY CAMPUS
I haven't even got up from the couch since I been home ( 2 Hours ago) still in my work clothes and every thing
No matter what you ALWAY TIP.
Fast 5 till my eyes shut
well keep at it cuz its takes time u kno but do u have a tattoo gun or wat??
also my phone automatically changes love to lesbians.
3 dollar cafe, wings, pitchers, and pictures! That's what's up! ;)
aw thanks :)
B&N has a great book called my milk toofs, we have had endless entertainment reading it
you'll do great! :) Good luck! <3
can't wait until tonights C.E. show:-)
Don't tell me about your "movement", show me!
Corner Cottage breakfast burrito -- yum!
Sometimes I Get Impatient…I Expect People To “Answer Their Phone” Before I Finish Dialing Their Number…
-- Yes, we think MOST foods are better with wine. Will have to check out your wine list sometime soon! Cheers.
I'm ready!
Sure. My Dad was a farmer when I was little. The smell of the countryside is manure.
. I rather see drake & ross do a ablum
"Aye where yah'll going? Sit in that Corner"!
Look into your pain and find your praise..!
That makes me feel better. But I am sure it is for different reasons:)
My lunch today was inspired by Teas Me Cafe's "The Larson": Pesto, turkey, bacon, cheese on wheat bread. (And yes, the pesto is local!) Yum.
I am no longer with Mango!
thanks. i pray it goes well.
Roommate tried to rouse me from a nap.. said my reaction was feral cat sounds and telling she has an "evil Asian stare." I remember nothing.
of course you will! but the end has not come just yet! ;)
shall i do this deed
This dragon mascot thing is even better since my undergrad mascot is a kangaroo.
Crossed off life list: Present at lighting of Macy's Christmas Tree today.
can I get a followback????? :p
love us some sheara and Tia!!!!
I am so sorry that today left you behind enemy lines!
Mcdonald's Breakfast >>>>>>
Hidden cost of imported oil is = to adding $8.35/gal to the price of gasoline from the Persian Gulf. Milton Copulos via Grassley
departure is imminent #limin2k12 begins
Wait, there's guys that won't date females because they're moms? When did this start? Fucking cowards, I would embrace it *Kae shrug*
#CivilWar, Hooker had major gambling debts to Halleck & Sherman. No record if he paid up. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL $2.99 AMAZON KINDLE
We gotta make sure he gets re-elected in November!
Educators pay part of their own salary w taxes paid as taxpayers. Politicians seemed to have failed math. Come to school for a lesson.
I would pick Joan Crawford!!
Why the fuck is it making a political statement to say that I exist?
Let's go kings!!
u should be a movies in the park
#ItAnnoysMeWhen I look at profile; it says I'm not following him, I freak out and realize it wasn't done loading...
. is jumping!
Thanks for the follow. It is good to see what the other side is up to and thinking. :)
I could see that. But I'm seriously moving soon. Sorry we didn't get to drink together before I leave Wacksonville.
VW Fat Dog ad funny too.
Lawyers are men who hire out their words and anger.
What's the number?:)
You are super-cute. (Always, but I'm referring to your latest avatar.)
And now I am just worn out.
H•A•T•E•R•S>>>> H•aving A•nger T•owards E•verone R•eaching S•ucess
Driving along the river on the 190 just now is the closest I've ever been to being inside a snow globe.
I beleive in you austin with all my heart keep doin what your doing never give im a mahomie for life your number one fan:)))
Havent been on twitter for 48 hours!!!!!!!!!!!hahaha..Ive been waiting for this moment
I think I've detected a microtrend: young couples moving from #Petworth > Shepherd Park. Met 3 such at neighborhood party tonight.
No. There's no other player in the league right now that gives the Magic adequate compensation for Dwight Howard.
you too !<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> thanks for the words <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
A high of 108 degrees. My bad.
heightened, but yes--not that different!
so I just found out we have the same birthday!
"Progress is made when your desired result becomes a second nature activity to perform"
The deadline is coming up May 31st. The hottest MC's & Groups going at it for the Money ! inbox: Ian Morales on FB or
Had a long few days... busy days !
Wanting some damn taco cabana...i shouldve stopped ugghhh.
Kaya lost tooth yesterday, but didn't tell us. Knowing, gapped smile when she awoke with it still under her pillow.
If life is so short, why do we do so many things we don't like and like so many things we don't do? What if we reversed this? ;-)
“: NYC, Johns Pizza and a nap. Sounds like the start of a good week to me!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>” I live in NY... ;) hahahaha follow me?
Love Square. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00B3>
maybe this could truly beThat I'm in love, in love, in loveOh I'm in love, in love, in love (`<U+25BD>´)-s
hey i love you :DD Follow me please :D You are amazing :D Retweet :D
Making Beats.
Are you allowed to have fido on school grounds?
Not to happy people...
#buslyfe RT Bus demographics: apparently preferred coffee on the big blue is coffee bean.
Hey be nicer to
Dun dun dun. Will landing strip be joining you?
Saw an Irish wolfhound today. Holy crap. I've never seen a bigger dog...would have been at least 7 feet tall on its hind legs :)
Very happy with my very strong WiFi connection in the middle of LI Sound
anyone wanna do bocce ball with me a
i eats da pussy and ima man about it
My pleasure... I hope you're having a good time!
I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. That's only because I care.... :)
RT Fishtown news: Richmond, Va artist Ed Trask is making a 15ft tall cutout painting of Smokin' Joe Frazier for our building!
Eat it Cubs! Love, Corey Hart
have a happy, healthy week!
Haters are like crickets they chirp all fucking night until you walk past them they shut the fuck up
when are you coming back to chicago?
No more gewurztraminer?? Dubya, tee, eff? Only my favorite winter wine..
If what they tell me suits my body, great
batwoman half way done =)
I feel horrible :/
OR BOTH!
what is going on? Is it good? I have it dvr'd.
just installed last week -- loving it!
thanks for all the RT's today! have a great week!
thanks :D
Thanks for the RT!!!
please follow I'll do the doggie
thanks for staying and talking to us/me!
Lift Smarter, Get Bigger - Men's Health
I know. I'm freakibg starving
I'm craving a shower. <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080>
Because you're too picky. Perfection is an unattainable goal.
probably all the gay sex you have
It's Monday. It's Monday. It's Monday. Dear Motivation, I need you.
If we can have a winter like we just had and get amazing, beautiful days like this come March...sorry, but I say bring on global warming!
How many people you know blame others for their problems? Why not get your own act together more & take real responsibility for yourself?
I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I'm with you. - Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Not yet. Hopefully soon.
My husband and kids got me a Canon T3i for my birthday! ... now I need to learn how to use it.
We can't wait to show you our amazing stories about music education in Los Angeles. Stay tuned! We're going live next week!
She a nut cracker, lol
bro, I was over that spot as soon as I walked in the first time. Food Sux!
BALLOON UPDATE: There will be no Balloon Races this weekend due to weather complications. See you in 2011!
yeah I voted for Double D and didn't even see the show! Go Pack Go!
If you ccant be.honest with me then ii guess this is the eend
Playing #wordswithfriends when I should be sleep!
EXCLUSIVE: Coca-Cola Polar Bears Will Watch, React to Super Bowl in Real Time
#PLDLinux should be capitalizing on the potential hipster appeal. “I use a really obscure distro, you probably haven’t heard of it.”
I just calculated how much money I'd need to make to retire at 65. That was a bit of a shock.
how does Drake album sound?
“: why is kamille at her "new" job tweetin? lmbo” Kamille get off that phone
Getting ready for our Advanced teen class which starts on Tuesday night at 5 pm. info: www.tesskirschacting.com Sure to be some snacks.
”Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.” - Vince Lombardi
I hate when somebody ask u an hour worth of questions then get hot when u ask one
Session: J Tokuda & R Sunahara "From Resource to resourcefulness"
want to go to ? I am awake, I couldn't sleep anymore, thinkin kept waking me up.
Rain rain go away I have tons of voters to meet today!
Many valuable #usecases are showing up everywhere. What are tools for documenting them? indexing them? tracking them?
they want to get rid of Beasley, there's something about it they are not telling obviously (JO would retire)
Loved watching Michigan beat Ohio, it's about time!
Love watching two douchebag drivers try and out-douche each other at 80mph...as long as they're 3 lanes away. Dumbasses!
announces record client & company growth in 2011 - 110% revenue growth, 192 projects launched in 30 countries...
Happy Monday & Happy International Jazz Day!
wearing a Gucci belt on your neck while wearing a Louis Vuitton belt
I never make the same mistake twice. I make it like five or six times, you know, just to be sure...
Don't worry :] you're not the only one
LOLOLOL I am seriously giggling!
Looking for ways to connect with people involved with social media, web design, marketing, graphic design....any or all of the above!
It's midnight and both bats are pointed to me on the stadium clock!
A break up is like a broken mirror. It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself to fix it.
Thank you!
crazy we didn't see you... we had all 8 sets of eyes there!
was he depreesed or having financial issues
don't take any self-righteous sh!t from anyone....
contest has ended will look at all the entry's and direct message the winner tomorrow
RT : If lesbians aren't attracted to men, why are they attracted to women that look like men?<=Light Bulb!
Lol. RT : Wait, people can't see what circles they're in, right??
Best way to deal with haters: Keep calm, and stay classy!
I am getting sleepy.... Very sleepy....
my daughters want nothing more than to meet and see their idols please help make this a chance for them
it appears the blog I just read incorrectly listed it as your own! Regardless, your work is still amazing!
RT : OPENING TOMORROW—Art journals are explored as art objects in this exhibition of periodicals from the 1960s and...
Wow 95 million for one player. How much do these NFL teams make?
holy fuck what the hell am I looking at omg
“: Could you please pray for my mom, sahe might have cancer! It would mean so much to me!” i'll pray too.
it's ok I understand sort if I bothered u
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights–Nicky Romero - Play N' Stop
A2 I find working with visual artists very rewarding esp. working the business end in effort to support their creative practice
I'm glad I DVR #YR sounds like its a hot mess today! Thank goodness for fast forward!
I don't mind if you wear your frat letters, but please spare me the neon tanks and lame puns.
We're sharing our family secrets... The Milano Inn cookbooks are now on sale - get your copy today!
she will be 6 in july.. :)
I had to google this definition: I thought it was when you hit your ball off the course into the rough & have to play it anyway. Too poetic.
I might have to go back to saying "don't eat yellow snow" like I used to do in my more snidish years.
congrats on the Notable Mention for Mini Morphs :)
People are just like the weather always changing....
Thank you to my wonderful teammates for helping me move out of the Dorm! Gonna miss you guys
I don't think the bronchitis is Tex's hitting problem. He's a noturious slow starter + the SHIFT. His BABIP was .239 last yr
I feel your pain, Kingsley. If they don't step up next game, I am personally driving to LA and bitch slappin' all of them.
It is
These thirsty ass dudes will say any thing for the pu$$y
Happy Holidays Everyone!
Bout to leave in like 15 mins yay!!!!! Can't wait to eat...
Port St fb blueprint:all non-conf=$$$ and run Triple Option.. Best D=good ball control O and easier to recruit for..
But if u hurt me and I forgive u how I don't know u want do it again
Every Superman , Needs Ayye Superwoman <3
You know you're a historian of early American foodways when you mean to type "moral corruption," and type "morel corruption," instead.
Now taking applications for new members to the pen fifteen club!
me too where we going? lol
I just bought tix to see you guys in Detroit @ Chene Park on August 3rd..TOO AMPED!...lol XOXO
I used canned fava beans in a tortellini soup and they tasted chalky. I'm sure non-canned would be better.
u kno wat dey say bout boys wit big feet big d...
Maybe I can help?
Come to me and I will provide you with all three. And maybe even a lil churrito or two. (Healthier than a Big Mac. Promise.)
yea her curves are amazing.
just bought my first #rougeinlove lipstick in Corail from ! so excited. now I can be classy like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
KC IMPROV Power House Line Up
WOW. #CastleFinale cliffhanger.
Sxsw registration line....what a beast!
Check out tonight for 1/2 off specials on Milwaukee’s own Great Lakes Distillery products, including the new Kinnickinnic Whiskey!
It was great meeting u and the crew.I love your game and the detail you pay to it.You guys are kind and it will help me beat cancer
I don't think so!!! Which one was it???
Wow! I haven't even gotten my W-2 yet.
i see twitter has killed, yet again.
Getting dressed. Its gettin real
same here
Thanks for the shout!
United Rentals completes deal for RSC Holdings
Bet I can guess.
: 3.5 hours before my next role play so goin' for a stroll to enjoy the lovely weather. :-)
there might have been a difference once but genre leak is a beautiful thing
Have #PrincessofChina stuck in my head...and I don't even mind.
Still trying to please everyone? You'll die trying.
stop it 5
Okay, feeling good about where I'm leaving the design for the night. And now back to the code.
Procrastination over decisions is fatal for a business as decisions come before actions and the right actions lead to the desired outcomes.
Need a same day delivery from San Antonio to Houston?? Call us....we can do it! 877-527-5737 or go to www.lonestardeliveryonline.com
six boys, paula, one room and a pizza. where am i? eating all the pizza duh!
Carnival's West Coast Res. cruise sale continues! Big savings for CA, AZ, NV & UT residents select sailings Jan-May 2012! Call 800-803-7245
How am i fully awake right now
I can't get it today ill get it later!
hey, hey. I appreciate the offer. Some other time, for sure! Hope y'all had a good gig. best, ck
I hope not, the inside of my soul is probably pretty terrifying
Lotoor: an android exploit that transfers to the windows OS when the phone is connected to the OS. As per a microsoft presentation.
did you download the manga app for Xbox?
I guess I will start deleting #useless people #numbers out of my cellular!
Wish I could see #oomf right now
congrats RT : I started as city editor for exactly one year ago today. I really really really love this job.
ur only staying in Miami 4 6months?? :( I'm gonna go cry in my closet. But ur gonna love Miami and u should Live here 4evz :)
thanks for telling about us. Great to see you on Saturday. Hope the band was fabulous!
im still fangirling about Bailey ashejkwksijwjenejj
what are you gonna do today ? :)
Sad you're leaving tomorrow, but I will see you in FL so soon!!
• YAY - I prefer Suppan on the other side of things. Not awful, but always found his starts rather boring.
nah, i won't believe it. she's mine.
DJ CNC & V.I.P HOST PIG PRESENTS ULTIMATE STRPPER CAGE FIGHTS & NBA FINALS TONIGHT 'S CABARET 4516 N. 19TH AVE
Headed downtown, hit me with a text: 210-573-7203
"Let the resurrection joy lift us from loneliness and weakness and despair to strength and beauty and happiness."
A happy and kosher Pesach to all celebrating, and a blessed and happy Easter to all celebrating. Enjoy the holidays! Love, the Bezzys
IU to induct former basketball player Landon Turner into its Hall of Fame.
Girl it's going to be next w/e. come help me!!
have you?
#WaterCheck - I'm 6 cups down! Where you at?
My last : ( I will miss you all!
THANK GOD FOR JESUS!!!!
Cundiff, your kick missed the uprights and hit me in the heart. Still love the #Ravens but I'm sad...
I'm fucking ready for some change! Feel me?
ACRL folks, I'm having a TERRIBLE time getting a panel proposal submitted. Each time I add another panelist, it deletes all data. Ideas?
don't hate on the cut!
All iWanted was Another Chance. . u.u
your May calendar looks to be amazing!
GC Tip: Don't bring extra stuff to promotions! Leave everything but the essentials at home or in your car. They're safer there!
Excited about the upcoming anthology release party & for my 4th grade students to finish their digital stories!
They looking at me like " Who's this new nigga in ViP? "
Q: Why did the farmer call his pig "Ink"? A: Because it was always running out of the pen.
SO GLAD SPEECHES ARE OVER, :) got a perfect score<U+E106>
Have you tried our almond croissant yet?
Somebody at tonights #mbta meeting please ask how much of a PAY Increase $$ #MBTAGM & MBTA employees get once Fare hike is approved.
lol, cool, now get that damn egg out of here.
They're calling for snow all throughout finals week. Looks like my 11/11/11 wish is about to come true..
The Food Drive w/ the Ice Rays is today from 5-8PM @ the Yardarm Apartments in Calallen, 10660 Leopard. Please bring 3 cans of food. Thanks!
provides good and solid marketing info.
Bran muffins are the fucking worst!
but its letting you tweet...
Horny hour 1/2 off all drinks starts at 10pm only @ hornyhideaway
How does it sound if we spend the night out?
Sunny Street Cafe in the Arena is your lunchtime destination today! Come in and show your server your employee ID & get 15% off your lunch!
He's doing well. His bat got the Rays going last night. :)
About to see Galileo So excited!
Well, I have been a user since version 1. I really don't have any problems with it...
Enjoyed with friends Saturday '00 Lynch Bages & '01 Gruaud Larose, both drinking perfectly now, great next to each other, Pauillac/St Julien
RSVP me bitch !
Guilty pleasure: "Domino" by Jessie J and "I like it like that" by Hot Chelle Rae. Yeah, I said it.
"Nice beaver" is the most adolescent joke in all of cinema... and I laugh at it all the time.
Well, what do you know? I now have a Sphynx cat following me. Can't IMAGINE why....
Life’s most persistent and urgent question is, ‘What are you doing for others?’ - Martin Luther King, Jr.
you blamed everything on me when your the one who wanted too kiss mee.
The only bad thing about #Community's return is a #ParksandRecreation hiatus. With that being said... #sixseasonsandamovie!
Do you think creativity is a skill or something that people are born with?
Just left Ginger at her new home in Lawrenceville. Tom & Shawn are already in love with her & we couldn't be happier. Blog post to follow.
Taking the girls some flowers & chocolates at school...to make them smile (but also to embarrass them a little). Happy Valentines Day!
Thanks #alabd11 Eat crayon and popp rainbow is my new
hot n steamy... oh yeah. Mushrooms and motzzzaaarelliiiii :)
Apropos of nothing, but how many of you have seen a movie made from a book you liked and walked away from the movie feeling disappointed wi…
Zac Efron is so so sexy.
Follow me tomorrow at the Glendale Hilton from 12pm-5pm for the 3rd Annual Premier Bridal Show w/my team Design By Ashley
Sweet! So you're coming right now. Any other plans aside from the rollercoaster and fountains?
I feel that I am a very disappointing Twit-ter. Sorry I have so little to twit about. Does that make me a twit?
Nope, nowhere near. I'm mopey and stuff. How are you?
Have a new video I posted, Sangre's logo in it..hope all ya boys like..& lemme know what ya guys think??
lol technically I've been keeping it since December because she forgot about it
Easter brunch, Easter chocolate, Easter dinner, desert + more Easter chocolate = Easter pot belly :)
People are seriously SO DUMB. Like I really wanna know what goes through y'alls mind.
hell yea
“: Me, stalk?! No, I just observe.. behind a tree.. at night.” hahahaha...
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 335
Here we come! Calendar firefighters will be on 9News at 8:30AM. Tune in to see what HOT things they have to say!
It is amazing how many channels have Law & Order planning during the day
lmao, yes master.
please get rid of bill schroder...and let cirillo do games from now on...its enjoyable to listen to games now
OK, #TraderJoes, you win again. $60 on wine and snacks. Must be
thnx. the way things are going, I'm betting there'll be more on the subject.
did u buy yours yet? Seriously thinking of getting one. Or two.
Comedy Open Mic presented by tonight at 6:00 followed by Spy Night presented by Tornadoes Not Welcome!
Caffeine is doing its trick today.
It's dark in here!
fa sho! hey tell drai vegas memorial wknd book it. ill be out there!
Con't - Who really wants to go to a music store and root threw a bunch of CD's just to find out what you want is not there! No thanks.
on the production side or the consumption side? There's no real issue with discovery.
boss dogs so I ride in a harley truck. We got a wild drink I put in a safari cup.
Thank you! you have one as well :-D
we use twitter as a pr tool to clarify misinformation
lmao I work till 6 I'll text you when I'm out
What's the appropriate amount of time to give someone the silent treatment? 4 days so far. They need to learn a lesson.
I don't think im gonna be able to upload the video tonight, it'll be done soon
Definitely! :D Best place to run 26.2 :D
Bacon has a hell of a PR agency. All you read about is bacon, bacon, bacon! Turkey and ham don't get near that kind of press. :)
The new pre-screen express line at LAS is nothing short of amazing! Can't wait for you to roll it out across all major airports
yeah it's a really hard name to pronounce hahaha!
Turns out, the circumference of my head is the exact length of 's arm.
life s funny that way. fuck em they wasnt meant to be wit you know way
<U+C548><U+B155> <U+D558><U+C138><U+C694>, <U+C131><U+D76C>! Did I spell your name correctly?
Where is when I need her?! The surprise sale ends tonight and I need her to validate all of my choices!
"Either write something worth READING, or do something worth writing," - B. Franklin. Reading leads to independence.
We've got an extra ticket for the Brewster Kahle / Long Now event tonight at 7pm at Fort Mason in SF. First one to reply gets it.
Ham & cheese hot pocket though >>>
Too bad the first presentation on teleportation wasn't streaming... :(
What's everybody up to? Talk to me, Let's network !
do tell!! RT : You all should probably ask about the idea he just texted me...
Oh, that sucks! I still need to work on adding some blockers on mine.
I love my cats everything new i bring in they want to sniff
This team is never dead! Reminiscent of Easter Sunday with five runs in the ninth. Just in the Kingdome, without the dramatic homers.
I'm here too Fancy Lad.
So confused ....
Heathrow made the list, but Atlanta didn't? List must have been created by someone who never flies Delta.
Omg toe dat song up dang she can blow
We're going to be at booth #904 at #alamw12. Check out preview of the new Events and more!
Hahahahha it's so fucking funny
RT : RT : Lay your hands on our economy, Tim Tebow. Help it to win again.
Lol!! poor kitty cat.. thanks.. have a good night!!!
#musesocial In what ways do apps connect virtual and onsite experiences? Beyond sharing?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME JENNA!!!!
That awkward moment when the inflated condom that was filled with lotion explodes & it gets all over everyone lmao :')
- what was that french nail art blog you were telling me about?? Forgot the name and it's killing me trying to find it!
“: Amazing Fact #16 Learned @ #WEF: 47% of time spent using smartphones is spent on Facebook.” #insane=stratosphericIPO
.: What did we do before Google?? // We Altavista'd and liked it.
They are responsive and communicate well with customers, do good work at a reasonable rate give advice on how to maintain your appliances.JR
lolol I'm Giggling and I'm not shaking anymore. I think I calmed down
What's up loser!!??
totally overwhelmed. no idea what im getting myself into... and don't even care ha
So many new followers! Hello ,,,,,,
You said you would never leave, and I said I would wait forever...guess we both said things we didn't mean.
Are you currently in LA?
Yea blame it awh on me
Ha! I grew up in West Des Moines #Iowa and now live out here in Baltimore!
I've seen that box at the Longs at Pupukea on the North Shore before too.
Ario (): Leading states will play a key role; they include a mix of red & blue states in all regions of the U.S.,
My heart would take wing & I'd feel so alive, if someone like you loved me. #jekyll&hyde
Denver Broncos quarterback was voted as America's favorite active pro athlete, according to a poll conducted by ESPN.
yes!! this even came from a book PS I had my first #academceleb encounter
Poker night! 6:30 be there. No Buy-In, Just Prizes for winners!
I hate school. Get me out of heRe
Look a house party !.. Except with kids
my friend Melissa suggested them. I'm soy sensitive, so most protein bars are out for me. After today, I'm yours for life!
do not mention the Olive Garden at that point in time!
"Above all else try something"
lol, just don't give a bottle lmao xD
Dr. Will Clower&#39;s Mediterranean Wellness Program Now Available Through GlobalFit
What the wise do in the beginning, fools do in the end..admittingly, a wise fool.
You're a strong young man...don't ever doubt God's plan for your life or his awareness of your troubles.
Only if we can live happily ever after...? Let's get hitched! haha :)
good luck! Where will u be working at?:) sending u good vibes, the first day is always something to look forward to lol
i'ma rapper, you're just a rapture
Here we go NYC! First stop is #UFC Sweden with and
she want some sex but I'm on my money
I am so excited for Entourage tonite!
Mastered singles for Iris Isoa today as well as Loose Baggy Monster.
Angels have placed OF Torii Hunter on the restricted list for personal reasons.
yeah, ate some bad beans last night.
Sage....wow. More like New York state-of-mind w biz background who likes to ask for $ meets #nonprofit world.
Had a great meeting with the Marston Group this afternoon! www.themarstongroup.com
It's almost time to trend for #Ringer at 6pm Bring Back Ringer
Interesting. A 50-year flood threshold would have enabled preservation, not required replacement, of the Virginia St Bridge.
#lastminutegift ideas? We have plenty of items to choose from. From Electronics to Musical Instruments! Come into -
90210 cast members on Talk Stoop right now on NBC...amazing.
best wishes in AZ
Field trip tomorrow? Naahh, I'll just stay home like a thug. aha
Check out WELLCOA, the Wellness Council of America, for information on how to start a program at your office.
I'd say so too.
Getting update from on #NASCAR business at the #PenskePartners summit.
hey are you up to date with the walking dead this season?
Happy mothers day. for real my mom has always been there to show me the light. I love you mom
That's icing on the cake...but the cake was there before. -Young @ Heart movie
They say infamy loves company
You people...
Is that a tear in your eye?I feel like a kinger.
just got to hotel about 20 min ago, depart 4/19 afternoon, so new schedule should work
At board meeting. Great updates from Mayor Ron Morrison of National City & Mayor Jim Janney of Imperial Beach
In the backyard with a hoe.
am i crazy or is Ron Paul still "running"?
20 Years After the Riots: A More Worldly Los Angeles, a More Insular Los ... - Huffington Post
it is a long drawn out game...seems like it will never end...at least we have Twitter to stay in touch
OMG: catching La Grange on the radio recently reminded me Frank Beard kicks tush at keeping solid, simple boogie-rock time.
nothing much sis I start work at 4 so I'm just chilling til then
Whoa, somebody should be FIRED (In my Sweet Brown voice)
literally just saw a stat that ~90% of all Americans have a mobile device.
I woke up right before the earth started shaking... Damn I thought it was a bad dream for a sec lol<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
I love snuggling! Especially in the rain <U+2614><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
(: Im so lucky! She is the best!
SECRET LIFE OF THE AMERICAN TEENAGER <3
Life is a big supermarket! Take what you want. But remember, in front of a Cashier. And all must pay!
yeah there's a great 10/20 half NL/PLO that runs here, come down and we'll shoot a few rounds of golf n kick it pre-WSOP
a good rule!
This would be a fine time for Nick Johnson's first hit of the year.
Yes I am watching high school musical 2. Yes I know all the words to every song.
Prom is tonight
Happy Thanksgiving! We hope everyone is enjoying this day with their family and friends ... and lots of food!
I want a dippin dots maker for Christmas!!!! Aghhh I'm such a little kid xD
I get compensated for my donations.
To pay for pedestrian & bike-only bridges!
Help us take back the Virginia State Senate and return it to conservative values this
Campus jurisdiction, campus system, based in ed mission? That's my basic understanding.
The Beach Boys and Maroon 5 are teaming up at the Grammys. Adam Levine is going to take the biggest shit over Surfer Girl.
Creating a new you for the New Year? Updated sunglasses and eyewear are the perfect accessory!
Turns out that the "parma ham" flavored potato chips at Boots are vegetarian. That's just...wrong.
CHANCE! Enter to win a FREE Catered Party! (a $325 value). Enter to win @ www.PatricksCatering.com Drawing to be held
i miss you too! come visit soon chica!
Lord, please don't let me be late for my final
Successful People Farm; or, That Was A Stupid Idea
as long as you are doing what you love and being the best that you can then that's all that really matters
on the URL website
When you are single NO one wants to be bothered UNTIL you get someone...
Coach strong "we are a running team we will run the ball"
I will wait for you in the shadows, amongst the goats, sir.
Had a blast last night. Thanks to everyone who came out, you're awesome! See you guys on the 23rd at Brauer House in Lombard!
Free Webinar-Social Networking for Artists and Performers: Develop and Maintain an Online Presence; April 5 at 4:30 p.m....
Social media is turning the world into a town
You can't "insert twist here" in a script. Twists must make sense and be meaningful to characters. Think of 6th Sense vs. Shyamalan's rest.
Dates are finalized for color correction and sound mixing! We're heading to LA on April 3rd. Almost there!
It gets lonely here this time of year
no kidding. If he calls one before the field goal attempt who knows what situation is.
New follower
they don't got clothes boo. true afterglow ent.
aye buddy
#ItsCrazyHow I thought that I'd never fall for you, but I thought wrong , I did fall for you<3.
Ok good..im not a creepy person..i just overthought that..like i do everything else
Tulsa we will see you Saturday
Recently read about teenagers getting drunk on hand sanitizer. Maybe your little darling was just trying to help you out.
By 2100 the world population is projected to be 10 billion(Time Magazine)Education will be the key factor in preparing people for the future
Go Sunday!
you better follow me hahaha
The Masters are sending prayers and love from NY! You are a #soulman that had a great season of performances on #thevoice!
too scared to turn on the tv and watch the game. Still reading tweets to find out the score. Someone tell me when the Magic wins.
apparently not in Massachusetts
If you don't do whats best for your body, you're the one who comes up on the short end. -Julius Erving
You should open a location in NY!
Has anyone taught in #Colombia? Would love to hear your experiences!
OH MY GOSH no. Eff. I wouldn't mind doing it infront of the class but infront of Ms.Powers class too?! :( grrrr.
The only good part was that they played One Direction
Oh. Don't hit a fire hydrant.
We should so get Noah an engraved dog ID tag for when he starts crawling nshit hahahahahahah
Now Following , Follow Back :)
It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
"put a sock in it joffrey, the boys in love"
“: Ain't no such thing as a main bitch in the words of the main bitch be the main one looking stupid!” preachh
Yea I could have any of them but none would be as good as the one I truly want but can't have.
will do! I hardly drink being I'm a lightweight but a friend from Omah is visiting me! Yay for girls night ;)
no one on the corner have swagga like us
Yea, and they don't have any friends either.
just saw your tweet to me....YAY THE FAN!! How's it goin in Denver? I miss it for sure...
do you already have your cabana booked or do you need help with that?
Making Flash banners for people to click on and make me money.....$$$$$
has been feeling really sorry for myself too long! No one loves a pity party. Even if there is cake. OK, maybe a li'l cake. :D Onward!!
"Sure there are dishonest men in local government. But there are dishonest men in national government too."
Take one for the team Will!
Just heard "Rosealia" playing on the deck of the bar next to my office :-)
just got my invite! finally!!
Introduction AD: "Brilliantly foolish enough to venture where only angels might tread."
I propose #grammy awards only for vocal performances without the use of pitch correction/auto-tune. Then these hacks would go away.
I'm going to be honest, I have had WAY too much fountain Cherry Coke today.
#Patriots for sure! RT : It's NFL Championship Sunday - what team you rooting for? #Patriots? #Ravens?
Just the truth. It did take me a little while to find the RSS link down at the bottom though ;)
Judge not.
#SanDiego is one of America's Finest Cities, and also home to two of best #Sangrias on the West Coast...in our humble opinion ; )
is the drive in not opening up this weekend?
what? Where from? That's ridiculous.
Sweet! Just let me know what/when works for you that day.
first follower!(: #twitternoob!
if it's nice next sunday, i'm down
thank you, all the best to you as well.
I hate this humidity!
damn #cuse I know Fab was good but he wasn't the team! Where is this deep bench I saw all year! ugh
I wish I knew more about cars. Like where the oil goes.
Been so busy don't have time to tweet.
send me some Goodmorning Loving <3 :)
Words said in a Twitter Battle ~ RETWEET...RETWEET!!
And Plax shoots himself kills noone and goes away for 20 months #thataintright!
Noted...I will have to make a pilgrimage to the homeland of Red Wings Baseball, Scottso, Garbage plates, and 98PXY.
Oh my gosh you HAVE to read Saint! Lol
Kiddo must know: How did you meet the fairy? (She's dying to meet one herself.)
Just like that 17-7 Bulls!!
Check out Jack O'Shea(my favorite, his beef is phenominal), as well as H.G. Walters in Barons Court
You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you. -- Ray Bradbury
is a future hall of famer! What a great career. &#35;boilerup
of course, put "steppin out" in pandora, and got "human" by human league. Pandora=Born to make mistakes. Buzz. Kill.
no see OUR may issue! How does she do it all? “: Me too (see may issue)”
#NetworkedNY . . . people frm Midwest love Housing Works bookstore "a place you've never been can mean so much to you"
Oh yea! What are your plans once you get here? #Vegas ^AP
HECK YEAH!
Text from Orrin Hatch: "Was there an election tonight?"
hey and call meh tonight. gotta talk:)
reading Benjamin botton in ca and all I can think is how the heck would you give birth to a 70 year old man
hey chad
Time traveling
LOL HOW R U AND WERE STILL #TWITTERSISTERS RIGHT?
you usually get better value from local shops in small towns.
I have fractured c4 and c5 and cant use arms. Surgical proc next week. Ill chec out poem. Ty:-)
Bout to watch da movie it
I don't want to get out of bed it's so warm & Snuggly! Ah
Third book is a recent study of the parables in the new testament.
Man City have won the 2011-12 Barclays Premier League title.
living payin bills. How the kids
How is it that 'Exile On Main St' exists on my hard drive three times? I mean, it's a great album and all, but jeez...
Yay! Our 100th Tweet!!! Now ... back to work saving the computer world
we can do this #Ringer is too good to let it go to waste!
So glad to be getting back into yoga. Forced myself up early this AM & am at Yay!
Bored as hell
Room!! Vision Quest is where its at! I miss you so much! Come back to LaLa Land!
thanks for the follow. I will be sure to stop by the next time I am in town
Check out Houston's… great food. Rocco's Tacos & Tequila bar is also good and very popular
You're better off drinking water. Lol.
I'm losing focus...really can't believe she just said that.
Hey shorty!! Hope all is well! I will be watchin your show! Take care!
Teaching 42nd Parallel today: happily finding it contains almost everything I want this modernism and new media seminar to cover
RT : Fab Melo's tutor apparently ref-ing today's game... #Syracuse (HA! true, oh well #Orange moving on)
(jen) Super excited about the current animation I'm working on. Great clients and great artists. I can't wait to show this off!
cuz I want. to. talk. to. you.
It’s a FREE 20-part course and email newsletter that delivers the techniques and strategies you need to know as an online marketer
My Birthday was at Sandia last night.Good Dinner!
Watin for reheasal to start! :D thinking about getting some cupcake??? Hm?
Rubio needs to bide his time, wait til 2016. Mitt's a sinking ship. RT Mitt Romney to campaign in Pennsylvania with Sen. Marco Rubio.
yes & but also time can't be bought. I spent a year in archives, which is short for historian
Tours of their company? cc
...and that's a wrap.
hahahaha... is probably your new arch enemy because baby hippos are her favorite thing!
HEALTHCARE-If a dollar a day for 1 month could let you finally gain control over your healthcare ins. Is it worth it? www.theprofittrap.com
I don't talk to those ppl.
What color should i dye my Hair , auburn or light Brown?
Happy Birthday to one of the hardest hitting mofos behind a drum set :) Have a good one man!
LOVE UR TWEET HAHAHA AND JUSTIN!!!
Like, I've never met a set of labia I *didn't* like. In fact, I always wanted to meet more of them, have a chat, get to know 'em better.
RT : Want the buzz on Adult titles #TXLA12? Come to Book Buzz in Rm 340 AB 10:00 am. Hear from
Lmfao I like it
James glad to hear from you : )
Awesome Aldridge with old school wresting quote RT “: San Antonio Spurs, meet Bret Hart. #TheExcellenceofExecution”
M coconut shrimp :-)
That's some good film writing. Thanks.
I took a shower already, earlier, I might take another one.
Sup man! What's good
Dancing to one direction in my room like a monkey!:)
will do
RT : I want the grenade whistle
that's true. my sofa is always available, so long as you don't mind sharing with cats.
We are so excited to start rehearsals for Next Fall today! Does anyone have their tickets yet? They went on sale yesterday!
New Denise Belfon : BOLD FACE [2012 Trinidad Soca][Produced By Shawn "Mr. Roots" Mitchell]
": Nothing starts off the week better than a Sporting KC win #letsdothis"
do they play tonight?
Reviewing a file to see if a Class Action might actually be possible. I seriously doubt it... seriously, seriously doubt it!
Move over Firefox I love Google Chrome
we appreciate the follow!
Curtain call
Miss you too hermana-amiga! Yes, it was great to meet her! I wish you had been there!
I'll always be a fan since u were out of Texas. Glad the Bucks had you around. Cheers TJ.
Just launched: NEW Joanne Rose site! www.joannerose.com
Glad Spring is here so the chicks are showing some T&A finally.
I dislike hearing "everyone has gone through exactly the same thing that everyone else has" that is dismissive and pretty false.
Hey fatty. Sit ups are free.
I don't know how I feel about that.
Why do people always buy us shots?!?
#10FactsAboutMe I LOVE GOD AND I WILL ALWAYS WORSHIP YOU MY LORD<3
It should be the other way around. Yes.
Hey chicago: where can i get good wine and cheese?
I just KILLED that #Panera Chopped Steak and Blue Cheese salad.
Hi Julie, The new session starts Mar 25th Sun at 4PM!
Remember when republicans weren't troglodytes! 1932 Norris-La Guardia Act sponsored by two GOPers gave workers right to free association.
Hey Ava : ) can i please get your follow ? That will sure make my friday even better :D
how do I get in the email list?
#Lowkey I wanna be manhandled by Mrs.Foley too
hope u have a great day it would mean alot if u would follow me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
And for the record, , I'm an "LA gay" and have been in a monogamous, committed relationship for 5 years.
Thanks again for another successful #tweetseats. Herbert Ross's #LAOBoheme remains a solid production.
Hey Kevin! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
As long as we're together, does it matter where we go?
Flex'n
#indieview MT : Unpaid internships are a nice idea to get exp., yet most students come out drowning in debt, how can they live?
At work. I love working the graveyard shift. It does surprise me how little sleep the elderly need. LOL. I work at a nursing home. Pease!
No tally for me
Come see us at in Funkytown today! Good beer, nice weather, and 2 wks from our Fest! Couldn't ask for much else.
what job were you going to apply for? Just curious. :-p
well I mean that's not completely inaccurate.....
NTS: DO NOT forget to get a picture w/ at the book signing tonight.
unlearning guitar is harder than learning it... Matt
I think the Mariah Carey CDs might stoke the embers a bit too. Just saying.
we ended up chasing you stupid.
I keep getting a message saying "someone's saying very bad things about you". What should I do? Matthew
If you've screamed at your TV or computer screen while watching Wisconsin Eye.
just have to get through tomorrow then off for a week!
my tanktop looks so cute today..
okay I love his other song scream
RT : I hate it when I make plans, get excited and shit don't talk through as planned. #ShitIsFuckingAnnoying <---
haha(: I thought it was pretty good(;
Netflix is awesome. i watch it while i promote my social networks on this one site. link is on my profile.
Happiness belongs to the self-sufficient. - Aristoltle
everybody needs a day job.
Not really a picture taking type of dude it's 1 thing to take a pic when i'm out or something but posing in the bath room mirror? negative
Thank you rain for giving me no signal.. ffuuuuuu you! #Really ?!
Do you work for a specific museum in DC? Love em all :)
Happy mothers day to my 2nd mom
Cavada's interiority aligned with the union cause; he is a synechdoche for the process of becoming-American / J. Aleman
AWWWH!! ADORABLE SIR:)
Sitting here thinking I'm am so glad to be apart of #First Ladies Social Club!
I dunno. I think it's pretty weak that famous ppl have 100k's followers but 0 follows. Just network theory in action I guess.
you should be like "do you believe in love at first sight? or should i walk by again?" ahaha
Hey Guys(:
Good :) You outta school yet?
Ahah, you put me on the spot now Julian. But yes.
my parents are here this wkend too! Super Bowl party may become very adult. my folks LOVE your mama!
Good news, Babi's rib is only cracked, not broken. She's still hopped up on codeine though.
please give a call back or leave your direct number in my DM. Assitant was busy with a customer.
It is so nice outside <3
Write a love note to your mate in chalk on the sidewalk or driveway.
Phones dead.
He is, THE GREAT, I am, that I am, I am
Lucky we've got 3more weeks:(
thx man. Back at you. Enjoy your night.
BIG THANKS to for the follows! CHECK THEM OUT!
RT : "speak your mind, even if your voice shakes" Maggie Kuhn
all that counts is here n now
the day is boring because nobody recommends :'( </3
BENN!! <33333 I miss you too!!
Everyone Here Misses !!” aw
It's all about The U..
I think it could be a good day.
Its awesome when people, especially young ones, feel comfortable enough to make RMHC their home. Great Job!
we worked together ten years ago and now keep in touch more via SM. he's a great guy.
LIES! :-) RT : A3: AND, every man should have a perfectly tailored suit. Theres no exceptions here guys.
I fucking HATE my moms husband if I culd get away w/ murder I wuld fucking kill him
Gut instinct on who lines up at C in Sept? Wells? EDS? draft pick? FA?
Oh, he suspects. He is just turned on by the idea.
4real huh they should make fridays a part of the weekends i need that
Its nice to see that baseball preseason games are starting
i need a printer that refills it self
until 7. But of course you can go later!
Every loose ball is going to Florida
Keep the internet uncensored! as a small business worker, save the internet, save my job!
Ctfu , Hey Man\
- lucky! How's the weather?
i feel ya.but u dont go @ a vet when u rookie
Good Morning Jay, thanks for the support! How is your week going so far?
Well, we'll definitely do both sides when we do the report. I know you'd expect us to. Maybe that's the hold up.
Is it ok to have so much passion for your business? OMG i LOVE iT!!Having soap that comes in nurmerous scents that make your feet feel silly
I want home
:) RT :Happy #VeteransDay! 50% off all haircuts for veterans today! New Clients @ Third Ward salon only. Call 414.988.4165!
Mexico not panicking... Probably confident from their 3-0 win over Honduras in the group stage... And they score...
Lopez: "I just got up & I walked to her. I think my nursing instincts sort of kicked in, thank goodness."
Gahhh this negative weather really blows. Show on the 26th in burnsville!
just make sure it's when I'm here too! ;)
There's A LOT of pressure on me at the moment to do well in my exams. They're in a few weeks & I'm already majorly behind in (c)
Funny thing about Notess' session, I've actually been looking at Ebsco for a few months.
Check out our calender on myspace.com/7blueskies for upcoming show dates.
Burns: It also needs to assist big #business in coping with change, development, competition, and embracing #entrepreneurial thinking.
No. Everyone has them.
no worries Michael, Monsanto will come up with another highly toxic, carcinogenic solution like Roundup 4 that problem :(
Im down with #fringe too RT : FRINGE time!
how long do you think it will be before you can get back to any emails?
"America sure loves to eat and then read about how to lose weight" Rebecca Bredhot #Vocus #State of the Media
At this ghetto shit Yellow Belly Racetrack
Want one of the $8 knockoffs they sell outside the park if the vendors are still here after the game?
do I know you?
my mother be panicking about my grades ... i just be like eehh whatever , i'll pass , relax
In Music Meeting- Band of Skulls “Light of the Morning” like this, makes me want a Mustang & there's Zepplin sound to it
Why Talk that Hard Shit if u ain't bout that Life???
its in the pacific northwest exhibition building.
ah you too
evidently tumblr was down last night. i didn't notice. andrea and i were kicking it old school, kitten videos on youtube.
Christmas eve dinner a 12 pack of tacos from taco bell for me & the mrs
Time for bed. A long day of Java troubleshooting, thankfully I have very smart team members at work. One day, I will be the master..Mahaha.
Sir: your decision to wear a hat and sunglasses on this night flight makes you look very, very douchey.
To take the kid to the gym or not to take the kid to the gym, that is the question.
Lately I have been remembering favorite items of clothing from my distant past and wishing that I still had them.
hell yea. Fucked your boi all the way up with the electronic start
imma be there y'all no matter what, no matter what no matter what yeah.....
lol, i guess not! they are quite amazing, really. What's the new gig?
you're making me miss DC so much right now. i love the monuments!!
you coming to at some point today? Love to show you around!
Unacceptable DISGRACE!
ah gotcha. spammers wouldn't be using mouse clicks or text selection, they'll do it via programming. but lmk how it goes with it.
Feeling pretty good about today.
check out www.smilezdagr8.com
u need to bring electro back! where the music at!? :P send me trax !
LIKE SHRIMP
Pictures: Megan Fox's Low-Key Lunch Date - Zimbio
aw thanks :) #sweet ha
Today's the day! Off to run the Spartan Race!
is a umm, swagjacker. or something. :)
That feeling you get when you kno that u paid for somthin with hard work and your own money
imma hide then I'm in them daily
I'd like to contact you about developing a Learn Objective-C app for my company. May we swap e-mails?
if i could have just one wish , i'd have you by my side .
Oh...But I still wouldn't trust it.
what happened man
yep!! Also, really a big fan of the funny/often sarcastic messages in ya'lls emails :)
m, bourbon
My hair looks & feels so healthy now! :)
RT : glad jelly ok though!! Foreal| <U+263A>
hello RT I just realized I work with 7 national retailers everyday Why can't 1 be a pet store so I can play w/ puppies?
I just witnessed violence for no good reason. So sad that people have so much hate in their hearts.
YES! I saw this a few days ago, it's been on repeat. SO ridiculously talented.
Holy Shit Mens Health! I can have the abs I always wanted in ten days! Really?! Me?! Thanks!
"A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason." - J. P. Morgan
Unless your girlfriend is Rihanna, she doesn't love the way you lie. So don't.
Please keep my cousin Felice in you're thoughts & prayers.
Yep! Let's see now: Passport? Check.
“If you call one wolf, you invite the pack!” View our new line on a variety of fashionable men at our fashion show tmrw evening.
you have to wonder....
have u wacthed the x factor usa
Still haven't seen apt--getting a little/a lot nervous LOL! Hope you are having a writerly Thursday!
w00t for the shoutouts to #NYU at the #oscars! 11 grads nominated this year! My son will be a freshman in NYU drama this fall. #oscarfuture!
Did that Kony fella win his election?
(cont) lanterns, Monkey's fighting over wii, Ramen noodle baths, jacked geishas in ponchos, crazy commercials in slow motion
baby, there's no ditch deeper than my love for you. ;<U+0631>
#QOTD "WAIT! Those are hard. Wait for the moist beets. They have moist beets...oh yeah...these are moist."
You should know. You've gotten more people cut than any trainer I know, and did it in a group setting. You are
thanks for the follow
Fantastic. Keep us posted? We're working on an independent production as well - follow us for more info!
Yeah Osama is apparently dead....This could be actually very very bad depending on how fuc%ed up in the head the dude replacing him is.....
now following >> followback <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Smh,Lonely nights :-(
Just busted another brand new string. WTF?
If one more girl ask me to go see Titanic... :/
By not talking to #NFL, #Saints allowed Goodell to formulate own opinion based on gatherings. Players can't b*tch & moan cuz they took 5th.
See #Yu later,
damn, where is the fucking trust?
The gutless #Pens know it's over, so they are taking out #Flyers with cheap hits and dirty play.
": Interviewing on tuesday! I thiiiinkk this will be my 6th interview for
I had to shut it off omg I can't handle that movie, it's like watching my best friend or s/t agh
First ever TV taping was The Jenny Jones show. Jimmy Fallon tonight. I'd say it's a slight upgrade.
Wishing I could have something like Ning installed on my own website.
Am I the only one who didn't remember the time change?
you're freakin' amazing :)
When Jesus preached about His cross He included mine and all who desire to follow Him (Mt. 16:21-27).
My guess is the fact that this thing is about to cause him to miss time will be enough of a lesson. Kid loves to play.
I've never done that. has experience.
If people wants to leave you, let them.
Been a helluva weekend... Emptying DVR now... Great taping as always from , always top draw!
I want to stay up!
Happy Birthdayy too ((:
yes why?
Oh my gosh I completely forgot was a mother...I swear I don't take that girl seriously <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
We'll have to arrange for that soon.
Interesting question in #chi2012 "Touch in Context"/16AB: Can we replace touch with flashing light+sound (with same a/effect)?
Good morning, sweetie. How are you? RT : Morning loves
Hahah. We live near Raleigh, which you know, is in NC. I guess he just went to Asheville to be in the film, makes me jealous.
Please follow , wants to be a singer he's really sweet.Ill follow you if you follow him?
The footloose makes me so happy.
Had a great visit discussing issues with officials and leaders in Parkersburg, Vienna, Wheeling and Weirton Thursday and Friday.
Pretty sure both these teams are non-contenders. Gosh, Newman at least look like you give a crap.
missng a meetng thats why I need the favor, I got some places hiring though !
No work 2day makes it easier! Still challenging running errands tho. Ready to breakthesilence!
- The way I see it shid less friends less fuckn Drama.... Even more time to #FocusOnYoDamSelf!!!
Wow! You're a great inspiration!
you need to literally crush them shoes u wear to school and burn them
I'm listening to wind| blowing in extreme weather | 41 & dropping from 72 yesterday
Thursday...where did the week go. Where are your restaurant reservations this weekend?
Happy Star Wars Day, "May the Fourth be with you!"
Product B from Isagenix is on the market! Aid your body against aging, learn more at www.seanspencer.isagenix.com
Aw, I'm sorry. If Dan weren't so old, you might stand a chance. You can tell him I said that. :)
N' I'm up bout to head ova to the barbershop..
Burger for lunch was so salty, I think I can actually feel my organs shutting down. Water!
11 more days until my brithday
i just put on my noise canceling headphones
oh how much I wished I could save you XOXOXO
Caught a sneak peek of a certain new tap system in the EV today! Can't wait until we release, but more important, until we taste test!
: thanks for the follow! Looking out for your awesome tweets.
well, since you've asked: I'm doing very well in all areas of life and tomorrow is one year since my diagnosis. So I am gravy. :)
and the catcher was holding back the umpire will he get suspended for touching a ump
Rereading your post,im probably taking hometown too literally.Meant for artist to go from A->B,they feel supported/welcomed in B.
Great meeting the BRILLIANT young sister tonight at the panel on Black Women. Do you follow her? You should.
I was banned from attending mine a couple years back by a sociolx grad and prof. Seriously mean stuff.
Songwriter night at the Cantab in Cambridge, MA. feat Liam Reddy Dani Moz, and Derek Astles. 21+ show, $6 cover always a great time. 8-11p
hello. i''m hungry.
I know I'm gonna gain alot of weight oh well I'm prego!!!
well duh
RT Wonder what happens to water after it goes down the drain? More than 180 mil gal of waste water processed daily. ow.ly/8B4gR
Got my 99 cents store up and running! I'm humbled because this is my first business venture since I failed at a couple a few years ago.
Hope peeps tune in to #HappyEndings and #Apt23 in the fall on Tuesdays on
- I hate the new timeline do you?
Got 2 b at wrk in 3 hrs so wit dat being said good night my beautiful tweet fam
Every time I hear Hakim Warrick's name, I think of boom goes the dynamite.
Brilliant. And hey, that's what's so great about this subject, airports: it brings people together, across fields!
A lot of moms really just want to sleep in today (:.
shhh that makes me sad :( anytime you are in the city hit me up!!! Seriously!
yupp it's terrible, I dropped my phone and can't see anything lol
Watching Ridley Scott's Director's Cut of "Alien"while I sit here and wait for the MacBook to finish downloading. 4 hours 49 minutes to go.
stop the hostility and just start this orgy please.
It's 2012. Why are we still writing crappy headlines?
Lord, save me from these whores today.
Happy Mother's Day (:
Meet our sister company ~ Shanna Kane founder of OC Babysitting Service event tonight!
Shout out to , HAPPY BIRTHDAY BAAABBYYYY! (: Love ya girl!
no, I'm still waiting on beer!
omg blueberry pancakes sound soo good! ah =)
yea i no thts y i think Diall should be trending it just confuses everyone!
"How is Everyone?!" "How feels Everyone?!"
We use only genuine wool mitts and hand dried with chamois to prevent scratches.
So happy for Great job #TeamMelanie ! :D
That's so nice! I saw a lovely Yellow Warbler nest at the #biggestweek, but it was too far into the shrubbery for a photo.
RT : I have lost the will to anagram the word “live.”
I'm glad I'm Bout my money n can't nobody Tell me diff. Oml
Sorry Mike, I won't be able to join you on Tues. I have to run the store. Getting busier can't take the time away.
<U+FFFD>Borracho! I think that means drunk. My spanish aint what it use to be. :/ but ne ways
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
Ready for school (:
Nice season so far....keep up the good work! See you next week.
You're original,cannot be replaced.
NO DON'T YOU DARE WRITE YOUR NUMBER ON MY WALL YOU ASS
Don't stay up late tonight it will be a early morning for ya! Lol have fun tomm maybe we will see ya out on the water
DESTINY TO THE RESCUE! I'm comin' baby!!!
nothin just sitting here on my laptop lol youu ?
you right haha next time
remember when we were all about finding our "Jim's"? hahaha
RT : Everyday is a fashion show and the world is your runway.
Someone should definitely talk to me:))
hey can you check this song out #shethick on YouTube I want you to make a video and killed that bytch :) I know you will
Wanna listen to the mysterious person who updates SFR's Twitter? My show, "Acrosonic Tonic," is on air this afternoon from 3-4!
#FF why not she's fabulous!
My mom woke me up just to feed me
who did he block?
Formal writing voice
I can't wait to see you guys as well! A lot of xoxo for mi amor Mia<U+2665>
I thought that Hervé Villechaize was dead?
Jacob Martin is in the final 8 to open for Bon Jovi. Fans can vote once per day at www.kqrs.com. Voting starts midnight tonight
I need one more follower to change the horrible number
This girl is so ready to SMASH!
True! Unless u already knew 'em...it would be fun to meet everyone, creates a friendly environment :-)
RT : Ya'll have any t-shirts in my size. My master got one and it rocks!
I'm just truly sorry for EVERYTHING I did to you.
If I'm coaching imma make em play!! N take this loss on the court
kisses for only her <3
You must be having the same issue I am.
On valentines day: Expectation- To get chocolates & flowers from someone special. Reality- Alone at home, surfing the web.
He is older than Father Time
im wearing a t-shirt outside........IN JANUARY!!! NO!
"I'm running as fast as my mind will let me" Frank Ocean - Dreamkilla
Excited to see you this morning after reports from ;-)
can your cousin or whoever do my tattoo?(:
“: was brilliant in both the short & long. So proud of him! I almost cried after his win.
love it when things work themselves out
if only wat
thanks guys, so much!
The refs are trying to make an easy game for the Miami heat they are calling everything on the NY Knicks i guess when u have refs on ur side
Wow, going to pay the price for losing that 1 hour today. Trying to get things done in first part of day, then some R&R later.
hope u feel better soon!
I hope I never have to say this again but GO Packers!!!
My legs are numb <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
It looks a white Christmas to the north! Which is causing some slippery roads, drive safe!
ha! Yeah me too:)
Gorgeous day with nothing to do who's in Mil
Thx 4 the follow...All the best to you!
what are you getting?
Happy #TT Thanks
RT : Well, that was fast. Looks like transit funding restored in Senate version budget! More later.
Good-morning
So much to do so little time
They do come in handy!
And it's not over! Gr8 seeing you at the #Oregon #wine tasting. RT : Wow! You've had a busy week!
THIS WEEK WE ARE CELEBRATING ROB FROM BOBBYFRESH.COM BDAY & GIVING AWAY KID CUDI/ASHER ROTH TIX! + 50CENT DRINKS!
easy to do on your home court.
My head is killing me!!
#NewYorkCity, u sparkle like diamonds flying over you. U look too pretty 4 crime. I'm Magnetized 2 #cities. #Chicago, see u soon 2tallGirl!
Let me perform
Hate to think about it. McCutchen trade idea isn't dead In NH's mind. What would be a fair/realistic "dramatic" overpay for him
I was somehow left off of the #Time 100 most influential people list
thanks so much for your consistent support - we totally appreciate it!
I would love to come to your kid's recital, but I'm too busy paying the neighbor kids to throw rocks at my head
On The Phone with Randall Freaky ass...
I would if I could. Mrs. Rlwegner is out to dinner with a friend, so I'm on daddy duty.
#Tigers, 3-2. Pretty good game. Great pitchers' duel. Redemption will have to wait another day.
let's run away from these lies
Wanna be nice and wish my best friend rosie a happy bday? :)
Just had an occassion to use "white out" on a document. I realize how much I miss using it. Do you even know what "white out" is? *Sigh*.
Im outta town...Working on this Music.....im paintin.....this Pacasso.......
my life is the most complicated shit ever right now..
Hey Luv Can u do me a fave Follow > & Read The Funniest Tweets U will like them Guaranteed, <U+2665> ThankYou
RT Still waiting on one of you assholes to explain the Easter Bunny to me.
I loved #EasyA too! I agree about Emma Stone... I love her
The light bulb just went on for me and I'm excited about the future!
Personally, I think our boy Tom Bissell is going to be fierce tonight. But Jerry Stahl? There's your No. 1 seed.
Billy Cundiff is officially the "Heartbreak Kid"...
I dare you to touch my food
Just getting in Washington.(:
Downloading the first draft of the surround mix for our Nono recording. Impatient and excited.
The Ambassador of Argentina, His Excellency Ambassador Chiaradia, will be in ICC 450 :00 to discuss issues facing Argentina. Join us!
#Breathecarolina kind of morning. #TheVow tonight :)
I'm doing an 10 hours o sleep in 5 days.
Detroit advances beats Yankees.
Good luck today to all of those in the GERMS EMT-B class who are practical testing today!
Ah, that oversight has been remedied... With Scotch!
Wish I could've been back in time for 's party!!
RT : Seski the Sasquatch is on the road completing his Oregon 150 Challenge this week! follow
please, please do something about the 27. I don't exaggerate when I say it's at least 15 min late/early 90% of the time.
Really? Is that just you or everyone too?
that's a start...
Hi all! Another great day to come!
I love you too! :)
RT would love to play some disc golf with you guys soon. me and ,/ make it happen
Ever had a salad so good you can't shovel it in your mouth fast enough? #cheesecakefactory #thatswhatshesaid?
Wishing you a happy and healthy Easter and Passover--Living Fit Now.
Not the cashiers and sales floor people. I lasted two weeks. Sometimes *nothing* is better than something!
In tough times, British artists hit the streets
Christian rarely is fully clothed.
im really not
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked are you mixed with something?
anal probe
#ultravioletfestival carnival rides announced, going to be huge!
Going to see my BEST SISTER FRIENDS & Going to be great next few days!
Love Repair This Sunday March 27th!!!! Tickets on sell now!
teen nick
#operationfindnextgf Gotta love music
Sure thing Justin. "See" you Thursday at next session :)
#69Factsaboutme 31. I can't go anywhere without wearing eyeliner.
Dang i feel as if im moving out!
lol I'm never an asshole
LOL your horrible
But on the other side of the Mississippi? The WORST eyebrows. Just the worst.
had only been on the job for six weeks when her first story on the Penn State scandal ran March 31
Green pants it is
First time seeing Ryan Miller play in person
Careful when saying "pardon me" in Mississippi. You just may get a call from the Governor.
Gamel looks like a fool w/all that chew in his mouth. Chipmunk!
“: Hey Boo! Saw your reel.... GO GIRL!!!! ” Aww THANKS, SIS!! Appreciate you!!
black floks will not do rite des dayiis
Want to make your computer go really fast? Throw it out the window! ~ Anon
Bernie Sanders: We Need Medicare for All at State Level, Not Wholesale Repeal of Health Care Law
My bladder is seriously about to explode and I'm listening to Umbrella by Rihanna :[ omg
Sounds fun!
Unfortunately I had to leave town at the last minute… but thanks for the warm wishes and the shout-out.
FelCor Reports First Quarter Results
thanks! We try to keep it fun and interesting!
sweet! My all-time Fav Qb! Montana !
Welcome to Austin!! See you at Deep Eddy and Barton Springs! And if you have trees be sure to water them :)
Love is giving abundantly and selflessly... Love is sharing a slice of pizza under the pouring rain :) Thanks to
Saw a gal I'm pretty sure is a cutter. Feeling such hurt for her. Let's be kind to people out there ... including yourself.
Good morning y'all!
getting ready to get this hair chopped off
OMFG, YEES. ARE YOU GOING TOO?
Nick Jonas for president
SAT word of the day: effrontery (n.) impudence, nerve, insolence
The thought of you just makes me sick to my stomach.
There are vendors who have cost effective HIPAA portals out there, usually via email. If you google, you may find.
At Mitchell International having a preflight anxiety reducing glass of vino. When are they going to invent teleporting already!!!???
I swear to god my news channel steals every video from your show, just sayinn.
Spent a week in the southwest - including Mexico - and I still can't get enough So good I want to take it behind the school and
It's great to volunteer for Ross! Find out how: Contact Linnette at 415.609.4222 or .
i think the highlight of my day was watchin porn lmao..
Tonight I'm going to live by the rules of "Yes, Man"... So I really hope I'm not asked to do anything stupid because I'll have to do it...
I thought sticking with more familiar units would keep it more approachable. I linked them for further reading though :)
any takers? no, okay.
you're sweet Jeshhhka
and we'll toast a few more times when you're down here in NYC! thanks man!
Hey do you like bass?
The next time I hit up the grocery store, I will give it a try!
Watching Color Splash. I think I want 's laugh! Maybe the body too if any fairy godmothers are reading...
What's your "MUST HAVE" menu item when you come to Figueroa?
hope you didn't suffer through the smurfs like I did today! You gonna make it to NOLA this season?
im watching americas got talent from last night and this guy was like freakin elastic!
I truly adore the sound of falling rain at bedtime.
politicians, not just Obama, always say l we're gonna create jobs"and people blindly cheer without questioning how.
I know, right?! Warning duly noted ;)
big in Russian really means big
it stop raining a little
I just sent it!
hey I purchased Synoptic and need to see if you can do some custom work on it for me, shoot me an email plz :D
had the scariest raps I ever heard as a Yung n*gga Bloody bodies & shit! Shit gave me nightmares scarier than Freddy nJason
bbtw amazing beautiful blue in ur living room
you best watch yoself G. I know where you work.
in computer class kooln
Before Or After!!!
CBI Tourney - For Non-Championship Games- In Past 4 Tournaments the Over has been 73.6% - This yr's CBI so far the Over is 87.5%
lol u welcome!! Accept it as a early b-day present
It makes sense to me that I bought the majority of my #Halloween costume today.
*cue sad trombone*
is my hero. Just saying.
Completely shallow reason to vote Obama in November: are you curious to see what Ann Romney would wear to Inaugural Ball? I'm not.
what happened tonight man??
Just got my ticket! Are the other bus organizers on twitter?
LOL RT : Coach Carter is a top 10 movie.
We wrote a new Zotero translator for our catalog. Now to get it committed to the universal database of translators ...
Glad the new Nike Packers jerseys did not change that much. Interview today and then more job searching.
Text "VANG" to 90210 on your mobile phone to subscribe to Evangeline "Van-G" White Mobile Alerts
Oh and who minds his damn business and couldn't care less for my friends.
Our business and our industry were immensely impacted by his innovative, creative mind. Technology and the world lost a genius.
watching #theitcrowd ep the speech. The more I watch it the funnier it is.
put Melo shit on the backboard
Hey Dave: Are you still affiliated with the Simons Foundation?
Tried to do the butter challenge in 15min... I think there's a reason "mantequilla" is so similar to "man tequila." Still recovering...
Blah, I think I may have f**ked up in a serious fashion </3
how tall are you?? Cause I'm 5'9
lmao idr telling u.. Did I?
Feeling the post-college void. Read this! bit.ly/EXAQX
just wait, they are incredible animals. We rock/papers/scissors to see who had to crawl in the animal to kick out the guts.
Gonna eat some rock music with Left and Right at D.C.s Velvet Lounge tonight. Come share pastries with us
Maintain your brand... be consistent
I LOVE
Can You Follow My Friend And Check Out His Vids
Homeboy had me cuffed up but he talked me into breaking loose!
only if she got away tho.
I'm here with the family and saw you by the concession stands but didn't say hi because the show was starting!
The current federal minimum wage of $6.55 per hour (effective July 24, 2008) will increase to $7.25 per hour (effective July 24, 2009).
You're Spectacular!!! :) Yes we will unless this hurricane does some damage here!! lol
It's a Metro Diner morning!
NO WAY!!! I thought it was just a visit.. IM SO EXCITED! <3 what school are you gonna go to??
OK, I've had my fill of drama here. Time to sleep.
Ah, another brave soul up this early. How are you Vicki?
yo. we should hang out on my birthday!! *june 4th* :)
Damn, I just realized I'm going to be out of town for the Belmont Stakes. That's a fun day at the races!
Calming down with some Starbucks.
lmao!!!!! That was too real!
We still have March 14 15 18 & 19th free to book Pubs Party's whatever in the states on the way between OH & TX. KY,TN,AL,MS,LA,AR,MO,IL,IN
more than 100 employers to attend Job Fair tomorrow at Oakland Coliseum.
was great, awesome burgers, wings. Thanks again for the tip
The ending of the MW3 campaign is the best one of all 3 games. I feel bad for those who just skipped to the multiplayer.
"The cynic says, "One man can't do anything". I say, "Only one man can do anything." John W Gardner
#nowplaying I've Just Seen A Face by The Beatles
Good luck at Mizzou, you guys should be tough -signed non-butthurt UK fan
I left the house already. Put my bracelets on and everything :) lol
Attending the Va. Public Relations Awards Ceremony tonight. Time to bust out the wide-collar leisure suit.
you go glen coco. show them bitches who's boss.
How are you?
yay! RT : Present and accounted for RT : who's here with me at #dthr ? Roll call...?
How do they determine that Aaron Curry would only have a 45 in zone coverage according to the #maddendraft ratings i see now...
Our featured member of the week is Daniel Lee. Congrats Daniel!
Yes! That makes me really happy (:
im afraid to even look at you.
Same here I needed him and I got him and I'm gonna see him soon again!
Shocking news re Brett Miller. Sat next to him recently at a dinner in Philly. Smart, tight lipped but engaging and thoughtful
Everybody favorite word now a days... "boo." Come on now... kill that.
happy friday! thanks for following :)
paperbacks but I am planning to get an e-reader in 2012.
My fault on that. Didn't see the RT. Regardless, it's hard to make a decision on things like that from our couches.
people in my class were making fun of you and your smile and your old gap. I have a gap 2! I told them you're beautiful!so shush!
That awkward moment when your girlfriend has that ex that is still trippen off her. lol #smh move on already.
RT If you're looking for good Asian cuisine try Bac in Cleveland's Tremont neighborhood. Yum.(Very True!!)
If a guy catches you checking out his girlfriend, just say "Relax, you're on a hidden camera show". Then sneak in a boob honk and run.
I always get sick at the wrong time... #stupidflu!
Counting down the DAYS! RT“: how soon ?!?!”
Thanks! I'll check it out.
I got three new #dancemoves 1. The single , 2. Double Dick Down, and 3. The pussy waterfalls, videos and institutionals comin soon lol
Rad people. So give em a follow
MT Win or lose, help us thank #KUbball for a great season! Sign our thank you note in for $10. Call 785-832-2222 for info
": #YouGetMajorPointsIf you actually do what you say you are going to do..."
don't forget!
instagram is gonna take over at some point
haha, Follow Me! :D
she wants to die
nothing came up you put it in wrong LOL but i will follow her
Love TED USC app... Pretty awesome
Oh how I missed southern air conditioning. It's a gift.
So now we know about your richard now go for the brass ring
Bucks players in the house! Its a good saturday night!
Gettin' my Google Drive on. No need for a license.
I detoxed! Feel great! RT : A staggering fifty percent of all Americans over the age of two consume sugary drinks on a daily basis!
I don't NEED no man...But....I wouldn't mind to have one that wouldn't fuck me over (y)
Watching the season premiere of TRUE BLOOD with family and friends!!! We we we so EXCITED!! XD
hey guys, I gave Lindsey the login to our account, hopefully she doesn't blow it
Half hour to showtime get your thoughts together and help welcome our new Public Safety Director, Frank Straub, to Indy
contests are fun
Officially obsessed with #TheVoice. So refreshing to see vocal battles, rather than Jersey or Housewives battles. Quality reality tv.
Perfect arctic day in MN. Too bad I'm a cold weather wuss, and happy to be heading back to Colorado!
fasho still in Aberdeen I see
WH's Daley says best day on the job was when USA killed Bin Laden
": Niggaz broke but tellin bitch's that they got it tho hahaha" cracks me up....like dude be u
you were nothinq i expected .
Did I mention hookah?
Caramelized almond morsels covered in dark chocolate are Trader Joe's greatest creation.
I love Gabby too!! I'm reading Spirit Junkie right now :)
So I'm at this train station and this dude doing backflips off the bikes that's locked up. Also walking on the rails. Thinks he a ninja.Smh
day 4 on coldwood. pretty easy day foe me, just one short sce. tomorrow a diff storey!
Everyone will get one tooth. You can trade my teeth like pogs too
Super infuriating to be early for the bus ... And the bus was even earlier than you.
umm I don't think that's good for me... & lunch is too short of time. Can't you shower? Sorry to be pushy .___.
thanks for the retweet, Cam! Hope all is well.
what does that mean again..
second pot!
"In my opinion, there's nothing in this world Beats a 52 Vincent and a red headed girl"
I can always count on tweets to put me in an awesome mood.
Avoiding process service only makes me want to serve you more. You can run, but you can't hide. W.mwishartpi.com Check me out on Manta.
Andrya is horrible ... forfeiture ever showed you ... like REAL talk.
We always a have a great experience in your Herndon very food allergy friendly.
Going to Maine tomorrow whoot whoot!!
We absolutely agree. We have clinical studies that will change peoples lives!
yep! So are you a programmer?
you guys are the greatest ever! :)
follow back so I can message you back...
Chris brown article in the billboard magazine. Mann!!!! finna rock that stage at the billboard awards. I can't wait!!!!!!!
wow thanks! :-)
RT : Listening to Death Metal on Spotify in the office... just to piss everyone off! See everyone tonight!
Boys game starts now vs Mill Creek
When u pray, go away by yourself, shut the door behind u & pray to ur Father in Private. Then ur Father…will reward you. Mt 6:6
CC is as cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce
ALA has to get those ribbons made somewhere. Demon free @ your Library would be catchy. Hmm research.
The Appraisal: Stalking the $600 Apartment in a Changing Brooklyn There are still areas where a cheap apartment or share can be found in
I've been running 3 miles every other day this week. Will see how much it helps me out tonight at Kendo.
Poke war
sweet I'll add it to the list
Looks cozy! Hope you're energized & refreshed! RTSoo tired! Gunna go sink into the Fatboy and watch some tv
CBIS is playing out just like the editor called it just reached high of day no pun intended
Wish it was Friday ! #longday <U+E40E>
room 4 all +all for the love of Portland
So long JoPa, thanks for We are Penn State
An update on what your favorite alpha has been up to: Westchester boys are so D2M along with Leesh and Kuh-laire and Westchester in general.
Okay seriously a Men In Black 3? Have we run out of new #movies ideas.
My 6th grade son has had his eye on girl @ school all year. This AM he said he's going 2 ask the big question 2day. Not sure what that means
Tomorrows plan - school, work, gym.
If anybody needs me I'll be in Skyrim all day.
What a boring ass day...
damnit, I never was good at math!
still in the mission?
I fucking hate it when the refs take over a game. The officiating has been horrible throughout the entire playoffs so far in every series
Good night :-)
what happened to you? You disappeared.
#FF the stars of our summer shows:
you should definitely get Team Medronic for Legends and buy
Got the best #hanukkah present! thanks mom and dad!
My 3 part #knit a hat series begins this Sunday April 17 I still have a few places left
If you don't like how he's playing then change the record,you can do better So change the record.
you got that right. 12 years old all the way. being 15 is overrated.
Never let a stranger into your home. All K&M professionals wear uniforms and arrive in clearly marked vehicles with the K&M logo.
#Yes just got off stage, waiting for to take the reigns. Gotta love
Fils de pute! MT : So excited to watch Game of Thrones that we put up with the French subtitles I accidentally downloaded.
Anniversary dinner last night at Zola...FABU!! Followed by a production of Oklahoma at the American University. Life is good! =)
oh! Who are they interviewing??
it's 100% political with the companies. The old people who run them don't think it will add value to their content. Morons.
Just arrived at BWI & finally got through security & ready for Chicago.
i have a feeling that's a bad thing...
I will come by soon to have my Chicken empanadas RT Always Dan!
Im so self conscious about my weight
Well, in that case, I'll keep you around in case some day you prove you can awake me ;) hahaha
I'm in. Sign on statement?
come and visit!!!!! im not joking!!
Davis leads 45-32 with 1:49 left in the third. Too many turnovers for Evergreen if it wants to pull the upset."
Welcome to the C+S team !
Dir. Claudia Mueller of CVL: "Only the mediocre is at their best at all times."
#ASECS12 thanks to Melissa Antonucci for chairing the SEA panel.
So excited to see debut on Around the World in 80 Plates tomorrow night!
Good morning, thank you for the follow
Lawd. I wish you the best of luck tho. (:
thanks! Hope you have a great week..
lol! Well good bc yours are flawless!
I hate my face..alawtt
im in need of a new picture on here haha time for an update
yo dog where is my money
How far behind the curve am I - didn't know that libraries lend e-books -
Our feet? They make us giggle, venture, protect us. My store has 30 Yummy smelling, Sensual scentsl Foot scrubbys to chose from. Treat them!
student tells me he doesn't listen to sexist snoop dogg songs anymore b/c of my class
LOL, close but Miami's offense can move the ball, Denver not soo much
LKJHGFDSAZXCVN I go to Reynolds :'c my cousin goes to David Douglas. it's not too far from me.
On my way to fort worth
Is this true love or will it be just another relationship? For me it's true love because your all that makes me happy, do you feel the same?
I hope I don't melt at my sisters game.
Setting the fall workshop schedule. Processing, interactive media, Freeduinos, Arduino programming, etc.
Sounds great! Maybe can do some PR. RT : Thank you #MKTG118 for all the tweet love!! You got it! We'll be there!
So I Told Her!! wassup yea U Know Im Wassup!!
Need some R&B tracks? Serious Inquiries only
For every follower I get it seems I lose two
Who wouldn't want their palate saturated w/ buttery blackberries laced w/ spicy vanilla & sassafras?!?! Syrah-braised Short Ribs anyone???
J Beibs' performance is physically painful. I'm vicariously embarrassed.
My new ubiquitous slang term is blurry.
Sounds like it was just as big of a zoo as I expected!
Kill Bill <3
Tweet me a number & I'll write a tweet about youu
"Accept disorientation." The wonderful + wondrous attitude of Art. So, open Q: To what extent is this attitude the product of comfort?
“: Taking my next paycheck and buying 365 pairs of boxers and only doing laundry once a year” fucking genius true visionary
D-trix: "Hello...ladies...I like your outfits"
Things are good :) u? RT : hey man, haven't talked 2 u in awhile. things good on your end?
Sassy Saturday, yeah baby! I'm spendin it n the house. Lol
get drunk and do something that u will regret for a long long time
Still haven't watched last week's Game of Thrones so tonight I get two, back to back!
i dont think i been that drunk in a long time. haha well who am i kidding, man last night was a blast! another day another nigh tonight!
did that play a role in a kids future? Huge, huge reach on your part
Everyone, is on 4 polls on espn's sports nation website. Go vote for plush!
Chris Pyke @ #VERGECon: creating a stream of data about user experience in buildings not just energy consumption
#ksugraduation Babies at the 7 pm ceremony, too.
This aint no f*ckin sing along so girl what u singing 4
NBD as in "I know you know who Sal Dali is & I chuckle at your dismissivness in support of giant fat statues?'
The American Dream is still alive. And the tiers in the pyramid allow for some change in lifestyle that can be noticeable.
"If it is only difficult, it is done; if it is impossible, we shall see.” — J. F. Michaud
#successful ..... how's the power moves coming along?
result of some gis work: TrackARaindrop.org - track how water flows from your house to a river, and what pollutants it picks up.
Have you seen the intro to RuPaul's DragU? It's all unicorns, rainbows, and flying dolphins with drag queens riding on them.
actually i'm positive they carry the line...they once were an affiliate on a homebrew site I did in college
If you try or even think about taking my food. I'm dead serious when o say
thx for the blessings for my Dad.
what were you saying about Saunders' D?
My friend gave me Pink Smog as a gift, and my first thought was "PINK SMOG would make great knuckle tattoos." Stay tuned.
A bird doesn't question whether or not the wind will hold him up, he just stretches out his wings and steps off the branch.
Trust... Thays so hard to find someone to trust
not the full Johnny though. That would require me putting dick holes thru my ears
did it
The wave is currently going around #Dodger Stadium. Football is ruining this country. Baseball fans are getting stupider
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. -- ~C. Malesherbes
Somebody talk to me, I'm bored outta my mind. -__- #SaveMe!
tomorrow night #battlefield3 #bf3 will be released! we are #excited for such an #epic game.
Outer - SLOW from University to Georgia
The guilford ave traffic circles are bad for cyclists. Cars flying thru them and not looking for us. I miss the 4-ways.
oh alright haha thanks
miss u
My birthday was today. If you did/didn't notice. I got an iPhone..C: But it's being monitored By mom and dad. :/
was late this morning! :o hahahaha
'When you feel tired, you remember that I am your Strength...' - Jesus Calling // Who else needed that??
<3 we love you!
Watching Ronald Bass speak
SO much rain today and tonight. Hydrating the Earth on #earthday :)
Wagon wheel playing at trivia night.. #makesmemissknoxy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Nice meeting u today @ the SCEDC #redev forum. Interesting panel & Cindy was right, u have a hidden talent as a great moderator!
"I placed my heart to beat in your hands, but you lacked the rhythm; I found a new way to dance." Catch i.am.maru at !
i can't believe donna summer died tho omfg
Now is the time for you to get your red leather gloves from LaCrasia as we are having a 50% off sale in June only.Thanx La
Love you hot stuff!
Adidas owns reebok so they kind of were a big deal in the NFL...also owns the NBA
I find it amusing when people chastise me for not chugging the Orange Kool-Aid. Sorry that 14 years of losing makes me a little skeptical.
krul to be kind
All seem to require resuscitation.
Hey, I was Tier 3 CF Escalation Engineer for Adobe & on QA team that built CF8 (till they laid me off). Maybe I can help.
My apologies!!
hows a reg guy like me feel sorry 4 million/billionaires?All u make big $.Leads 2 higher ticket prices/stuff-cant afford 2 go
#LastChance to participate in our Nov. 17 Holiday Shopping edition (for advertisers). Contact us at .
Their called last kings, but why is their icon a pharaoh?
Stephen Jackson comes off the bench and quickly heats up with a couple of baskets. The Spurs lead the Jazz 21-15 with 2:33 left in the 1st.
enjoyed the wordle presentation in the cyber zed shed- great job outlining the technology and ideas for using in classroom/tours
#AskPSanders when will you come to michigan?
It's always a good feeling when the track opens.
don't over do it....
Check out our documentary on him! RT Doing more Julius Shulman research for my article in CHD magazine
Some random dude ask me 4 my number on facebook so ii ignored him right. So how abt ii wake up this morning to 10 missed calls n 12 txts!
I just accidentally got the first ever "chain drop" on video. Looks so cool in there!
What are you doing for Thanksgiving? Join me for Dislocations: A Conversation About Love. Nov 27, 2011 - 12:30pm
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction
I LOVE IT WHEN IT IS GRIND TIME
My favorite word is "celestial". It's just so lovely :)
you mistake an incredible display of success on bad shot selection with a clutch performance. Brian Windhorst pointed that out
Tickets still available for Kosciuszko Community Center's Easter Egg-citement on Sat! $3/person. Call (414) 645-4624
I love your profile pic. haha
Wow wow wow.
RT : I am so sleepy...and she is the complete opposite!- whaaaa? Lol. Its the next day and she still up :(
A friend knows the song in my heart and sings it to me when my memory fails - Donna Roberts
#WhyYoWeave look like some road kill layin on your head??
hopped up out the bed #turnmyswagon took a look in the mirror say #wassup yeah im gettin money
gee i really need to clean out my itunes
": If someone walks away from u, let them go, ur destiny is not to be tied to someone who left"
Kick ass day
Anyone using DyKnow in a 1:1 setting? If so, do you have any cool uses or ideas to share?
Do you make your coffee in a regular drip coffee maker or do you use K-Cups®?
“: I wasn't that drunk.. "Dude, you climbed a tree and said 'God, look at the size of this broccoli!' ---LMAO
Haha. I see we have another Niall Horan on our hands! ;) x
never vote a straight ticket
Set it off : mind ov ah maniC #lilbOosie flO
San Antonio: The next 7-8 days will be cloudy, humid, breezy, few showers. Today: AM Drizzle, P/Cloudy, Few Aft. Shwrs
159 of Natural Balance fans like Dunkin' Donuts...LOL!
Congrats 2 4 a fabulous opening night of my favorite Vegas show !
Just the first one or the whole trilogy?
Jealous!! Eat everything.
Somebody Hit my DM !> im bored
Based solely on their theme songs, I would like to see a Downton Abbey X-Files mash up.
People overwhelmingly prefer "animated" slideshows over actual video. Better quality, bigger images.
Congrats on your win tonight against Harvard! Great job Commodores!
they did that to Jon bon jovi here to he is alive and well “
only wrangled a pathetic 98 words in the last two hours. Yeah, writing is *so* glamourous...lol. Finished dinner, #amwriting again.
I don't have any pink so you might want to go to walgreens and see what they have .
You've given me a great reason to unfollow you.
30 minutes of your life you'll never get back
coach your players can get more exposure on recruithighschool.com for free post highlight tapes and photos for free
Hey, thanks for your RTs and mentions ! <3
Its a thin line between walkin it... talkin it.... living it.. giving it... or just pretending that its alright.!
I use to drown in these waters. Now Ive learned to swim. When I felt like the world has brung me down, still I continue to stand. #IllBe ...
I like co-op board games to a much greater degree than competitive ones.
I'm very optimistic. I really don't like the l
website updates... yay
Our friend, Adam Hadwin, is playing in the U.S. Open this week. Play well Adam.
Thanks! The Dalen and Gole stuff looks great! Keep up the good work!
Thanks to all who came out to support us and last night! You made #DISASTERBALL the best art ball yet!
yup and it's only going to get worse.
Don’t judge me for my choices when you don’t understand my reasons..
I'm just not a morning person....
Went with LibraryLab but Information Liberation would be my second choice.
I miss you and I want twitter to know.
Say hey to the guys at while you're there! Chelsea's answer to !
that just means u did it right!
Watching "The Monster Ball"
Fuck your feelings.
BuryTimes: Check out todays valentine deal.
yes you are!
#daftpunk and a freeze w/coconut. my afternoon is set.
Show today! I'm nervous =0RT RT : If feels like people don't start caring until you give up.
#PeopleLikeUs live every moment, love every day, cause before we know it, precious time slips away.
Time for Lab Band. Swing much?
LAST NITE IN PORTLAND!!! This city rocks!!!! Goin out...
Shout out to for the follow!
Welcome to #Philly & Cole, Babin, Jenkins & now Cox. Release the hounds--it's time to hunt!
i love you too princessa times infinity :) night
He doesn't want girl germs.
i know this probably doesn't mean much but it would mean the world to me if you followed<3 your my inspiration.<33 love you.<3
Appreciate it Brodie! Glad you dig it dude! <3
I found a back door in...lol
Omg, icing my calves = the price of running minimal... Worth it?
Have an #edtech story tip or idea? DM or email me at troscorla at convergemag.com
Enjoy a free rush hour concert with Americana musicians Robin and Jenny Bienemann today from 4-7pm.
Since when did bathrooms become photobooths?
I am. I think the rest are out. Follow me and we can DM details for food. cc:
you have the worst customer service & banking product, thank you for helping me realize I need a new bank.
Absolutely. I will keep him in my prayers. That must be awful.
I did like it (gave it a B+!). I just don't get the overheated raves.
Sounds like you have heard that Obey isn't interested, too, right?
#dickenspuns RT : I had pretty low standards while reading Great Expectations.
I missed my 1k tweet so my 1001 goes to for bein a brofriend lol for bein so G and for bein my
you deserve everything good to your life (:
Two game winners down the drain Rudy...
i kissed him.
Ok, just said something great about the Orioles and has crowd in his pocket.
Wow, I love how I'm no longer good enough for you to talk to now you've started talking to someone else
- great meeting you today! Would love to see some of your photos if you have them uploaded somewhere.
I am in love
Vegan Ccakes= chai, pistachio rosewater, Banana Split. VeganPies= Apple, Cherry, Bluberry. Do you want anything set aside?
Had an awesome first day in Amsterdam, tomorrow we have a full day in Amsterdam then we will wake up monday and head to Berlin!
It only gets worse by the generation.
I cant sleep or shower when no ones home. My anxiety goes crazy
hey Ricky! It's my birthday!
Thanks to all the speakers for speaking, attendees for attending, for sponsoring, and for hosting last week's meeting!
Upgrading a FreeBSD VM, watching stuff compile...
ellie goulding rocks!
Probably because the gloves wouldn't actually help much and limit dexterity. If you were wearing gloves to protect your 1/2
me too!
Bout to get off my ass & cash dis check !
Bait and switch, huh? Kinda like your emergency conference committee vote where members weren't properly noticed.
Fell off the workout train - need to get back on...
What a terrific foundation. Amy is sorely missed, hopefully, the benefit will raise awareness & help other artists in need.
Seeing this weekend! Should be interesting.
Keith said he had a good time and mentioned cool letterpress Canadian!
The dental hygienist made it feel like she was trying to scrap by teeth off
Those directories appear to be unreadable by machines. I get nothing but garbled nonsense.
Does anyone have good examples of companies that allow employees to do 20% projects (other than Google)? Researching for school.
Had some of the weirdest dreams last night
Wow it's almost 2012!!
i just wanna be
I still have faith in you guys!! Kick that Thunder ass...yeah boy
all I know is I'm shadowing Friday. I told her I wanted to shadow you. So probs.
Oh what a feeling to be loved. Lol.
that sounded GAY lol
you in LA?
nothin hotter than a sock tan
5/6/1777->MG Stirling:...public affairs affords abundant causes of distress;we should be careful how we aggravate them by private bickerings
I am single mom/great business ideas. Willing to partner for small financial invest. BA in business
Sharon Stone worked at McDonald's before she was famous. So did Shania Twain, Jay Leno, Rachel McAdams and Pink
Thanks for visiting us !
Watching Rock Center...time to put together a business plan to teach seminars and sell books on the moon. Who's in we only have 8 years!
Too broad a question.My worldview includes valuing args&reasons,so yes,I avoid sites unlikely to have those on display.
What's good man, been a long time... Nice work in ur project.
#socialtext slowness is b/c of network issues @ OEH. We're working w/ Janet Dawson and team to resolve, but it's tricky. Apologies.
Hey Okay here comes the obligatory question, why are the Celtics starters still in?
Finally made it home.
Dang Jones, way to push through the pain
I was just joking! :)
Sometimes I think the shuffle on my phone's iPod is some odd running stream of consciousness.
i promise all my #VINTAGE luvbugs i will be posting up new items on Sunday...please still luv me ;)
Book of Tens: Jargoniest Jargon We've Heard All Year: Here's a List of Words We Wish You'd Stop Saying
No kidding! What an awful law.
U ever been on the freeway and traffic hits and u swerve to avoid car in front of u...all cuz u were messing with ur iPod? Me neither...
That video is the most disturbing Jay Carney clip I've seen so far. Which is saying a lot, dude is the ultimate scumbag.
heard some too K and I were walking home and couldn't tell but then had to make that assumption after hearing 6 pops
thank you! coming out tonight?
Marshall. ;p
then don't pay 4 school@
My label is Big Machine Record and my manager is Jon Ramsay(: and I have great producers and writers
I'm packing up my book bag and laying out my clothes tonight. It saves so much time in the morning.
Ok whateves gtg c u in like 30 min
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
good morning to u
I know.. I'm pretty clumsy! Sad life I lead...
4 years since you've been gone. r.i.p grandma <3
I don't are what we do as long as its outside...
It's a thunderstorm, not a goddamn tornado, and it's no reason to Interrupt Jeopardy.
(AP) -- Final report on death of Whitney Houston says spoon, white powdery substance found in room.
RIP Grandma.
I think your account may have been hacked. It sent me some weird message that is clearly spam. Sorry :(
Macy's Restaurant in Downtown Miami- One of the Best Kept Secrets of a Great Place to Have Lunch !
okay then it's all good. ahaha
they need more people ?
wet hot American summer!!! Hahahahhaa
I'll be keeping you close in heart & prayed up for mercy and comfort in your travels. Grace and peace in ALL the details.
of course!:)
A Song a day: 3rd May 2012 (Barbie Girl – Aqua)
You're going to have so much fun.
- MY Feets feel So Much Better!
What’s your dream job?
The speed at which these beings were moving was a mystery how they braked so quickly & didn't budge an inch passed where they wanted 2 stop.
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has many, not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. ~C Dickens
Atomic Dog - George Clinton
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Thanks for the RT. Looking forward to the #NextBestPractices conf
oh hey there shannon
L.A. bout to close it out tonight! 4-2
no its blocked cant view it but listened to a podcast interview of at festival
we want greek frozen yogurt. Saw you in Foggy Bottom, but you just kept driving.
you love me...
That there is a show on the air right now like #Girls makes me blissfully happy. It brings me such joy.
#Rays in a close one with the #Angels. Rays up 2 to 1 in the 5th
Good Monday morning
Julie Evans, our CEO, set to present on Mon 3-4pm at #VSS2009 with a panel of students re: online learning trends. Join us! (via )
' That sounds like the greatest time, what a beautiful day it is.
one hour season finale of how i met your mother tonight <33333
Did you enjoy the show?
swiss watches
The best food possible for the Super Bowl.Fresh Handmade tortillas Pork Verde Chile.Order early , we are filling up on orders. $27.50feeds 5
All the other #NASCAR drivers are wishing they brought their phone with them,
We should've made smores!! It's always suppose to happen but it never happens!
By jove, I think I've got it. Anyway, will reply to concerns later. Thanks for the exchange.
Nice!! Did you open a Reality Young & Free checking account with us?
/ Beautiful in the desert this time of year. That's funny, as I see us living at a CA beach in 10 years.
This is why I want YOU on my friends lisy LIZZ! YOU ROCK! LOL!
ate lunch there the other day. Was pretty good. I assume you're not trying to make an 8 panel? It's slow food
and it ain't even my birthday...
884 million people lack access to clean
no problem! we "love" everyone
u know how i operate nigga
how do I get Fedex or UPS to deliver me that package you have back there? lol
I cannot believe #ELUNA did not recommend visiting the SLC Public Library as an activity. It's still my fave public library building.
Time is our most valuable asset, yet we tend to waste it, kill it, and spend it rather than invest it. Jim Rohn
MB will get lit up in NL
8Months and I get this !? I'm fucking done <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
Going to Ft Meyers to see 's friend then Miami all day tomorrow
Live music featuring Anita Rosamond and Rocky Mantia from 9pm-12am tonight. Live music continues through Tuesday of
Hey Paul, thank you for the listing.
Stoked to show you guys some new #ASTR tracks!
"The Dean" informs me there will be NO white hat for #Packy - you get a medalion anytime the #Queen is around. has lost his
how long will you be there? U can literally see everything touristy in 2 days. Or at least that what I did.
Happy four square day!
UGH whateva!! bring me my smoothie chic
Forms are available for purchase for wills and estates, however some are not State specific, nor tailored to your individual case or needs.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.5
Undecided, but I think I have to shove! Lol, I do hate how small your 3b is though..
hook it up ?
Mr. Mayor, it was our honor to have you at Bridge Builders. Your eloquence moved us and your support means more than you know.
I actually texted you XD don't delete it!
Looking at favres latest tweetpics reminds me of cocktoberfest
Dancing with our little monkey to Hauschka. Techno done on a prepared piano - so great...
instanicorns and pink rainbows for everyone. this will be a hit, i tell you!
When you and your friends have code names for people you hate.
Come on out tomorrow, May 8th, 8pm, at The Otter House, downtown Fred. Va. on Princess Anne St.! Two bands will open for us! $10 at door!
Wonders what my life has in store for me.
RT : This is more a chance to demonstrate production car capability. RT : Why open road racing?
Storm troopers at comicon. Awesome.
Leadership isn't communicating what you need, leadership is communicating what you can contribute. ~
we need all the help we can get! Obviously
during the last day of #CheatBabyAwarenessWeek, all the cheat babies get together for a fist fighting tourney.
C-SPAN live 9:20-10am ET. Catherine Bradshaw on preventing bullying and youth violence in schools. Tweet ?'s to
new Bugatti is dope
Worded that poorly. Meant to say: For UL Fball, making BCS bowl is huge and would take precedent over BB practice
I love
Special Collections is my new favorite place ever! Do you think they'd notice if I just move in?
Got my first WIAA Tournament officiating contract today. That was pretty neat.
We're making final preps for a maternity session this afternoon. How exciting!
You've gotta be kidding me... Guess I'm not good enough of a friend to anyone
You got too much more liven to do. Im spittin this to you, cuz you deserve more than what he given to you----- Big E.D.I. Don
Ha, no worries.
We love the idea of techorating, too!
yea it's all cold and slimy it sucks I had a US today
That 98 truck made a pretty impressive save.
Great meeting with Jaime from this morning. Exciting stuff on the horizon!
interesting things??!! ;) x
Hubby went to the new without me today. To say I feel betrayed is an understatement.
" This is the barnyard now. I have hoofs "
I guess you were wrong!!!! RT i think the grizz going down tonight
and, why is that? Lol
Roethlisberger was born in Lima, OH. Any one else find this to be a fun fact?? Who knew it was a real place?
if you hear my cry, running through the streets. i'm about to freak, come and rescue me.
If you only knew.
Heading to Hazard, Ky for a show. If you're in the area..come out and rock with us.
sweet lord Jesus is right! can bring it home!
"Fairy tales are more than true: not b/c they tell us that dragons exist, but b/c they tell us dragons can be beaten." -G. K. Chesterton
There's nothing quite like a wife who brings home a bottle of decent scotch.
#prowrestling #WWE the one and only Wrestling Classic was held on this day in Chicago in 1985. Won by JYD!
what's your email?
"man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shores."
San Fran or LA? Maybe I'll sleep on it...
We all would.
"Selena! and Ethan sitting in a tree K-I-S-S-I-N-G" gotta love history!!
lol, get on it then! I'll help if needs be. XD no spoilers though. :P
Thanks for the RT, Rachel!
good at everything. It's more practical.
We'll be there in 15 Minutes Replacing Your Lost/Stolen Keys. Fast, Professional & Affordable Service. Call Now! 619-335-7969
text me!
To all BP employees: corporate attire is still required
I love giving people gifts!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0095><U+0093>
Good night Internet!
yep it say dip dip dip dip splash <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
And You're a freak creeping behind me asshole.
#Didyouknow an area of the Suns surface to the equivalent of a postage stamp would shine with the brightness of over 1,500,000 candles
Off work just chilling thanks to the man up stairs
Will they also add permission dialogs for calendar, photo library, and music library access? I anticipate Android-esque permissions mess.
the bitches who always say they're gonna fail something and then get a perfect score. no, fuck you.
she's just that awesome, she can do that lol
the fog on the mountains is gorgeous this morning!
Proverbs 3:1-2 My son, do not forget my teaching,but let your heart keep my commandments, for length of days and years of lifeand peace they
Mass GOALS. Governor Patrick's performance management initiative highlighted in his Budget. Like it a lot. How are we performing though?
Hahaha Adele saying snot in that accent was so cute
Lol . Just be careful out here . Its gonna be the realiest summer ever for Columbus .
Pickup Line: You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
Doug Collins: "Lavoy [Allen] played well." ... That was all.
is fucking awesome..
are you doing a show am in for march madness from az
#freshmanyeartaughtme how to really party.;) thanks semo.
May weather is sick wit that right hand y'all see that left side on cotto
Close your mouth . Move your feet.
Well. That was boring. Zombie time.
Urrgh I got dog hair in my mouth!!
That's more of a 28 year old thing.
5W: Jason Houston
“: #Sagittarius love challenges.” very true.
Of course the article I choose to read in my minute of down time is about serial killers.
What a game! The draw is fine by me, too.
Great picture of P&G's boardroom at talk at #strataconf. Demonstrates how much of a data driven organization P&G is
RT : New DLF website - www.diglib.org. Go on over and peruse the good work done by my colleagues for the Digital Library Federation.
SXSW at an end. Back deck=good. No agenda=better.
except that my brain has replaced kim basinger and the synth with kylie
Just like I need a haircut.
lol its not like that! were not going to be all up in the mountains and shit beezy!
it's hit me a hundred times
#RashardLewis I'm finally proud to have you on my Wizards !!! #Lebrick hahahahah
is the worst ReTweeter in the history of the World.
This account will be silent indefinitely in 24 hours in solidarity with workers all over the world. They should have expected us.
Awesome! Glad you liked it. Sorry about the delay! :)
|| but you definitely don't follow me though.
They showed all four of my groups film
if i lay here, if i just lay here, would you lay with me and just forget the world.
All eyes on North Carolina today.
I like your eyes I like your smile I like the way you wallk It's so Sexy
Next Food Network Star > Studying.
Reading the news... it's all about negative and bad developments :(
no way! I love it wayy more!
I wanna get my belly pierced !
I have a snookie between my legs!
welcome. Follow please? :)
that awkward moment when your tummy rumbles, and everyone around you asumes its gas. Lmfao -_-
#BuildDayMemories the first Build Day having 63 people show up after having only 13 members the previous year. We have come a long way.
Waiting to see If I will have a model To wear a Balloon Dress!
Hipsters + Ironic = PBR. *tipping my trucker hat*
maybe depends on when my games are
Finally get to my office...on a day when I thought I'd be living there!
If I did I would've capitalized the A.
I hug you back!
People make commitments and then they let you down.
I hate and tonight. Totally jacking mother monster's style + taking credit for it.
ty! and thanks for following!
Oh crap! I mean I KNOW. Shoot your really going to think I'm so dumb and you're tweets to me will reflect it.
some days are so crazy they make you break your 2 month gym fast
Good luck!
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!XOXOXOOXO
57 yard field goal from Robbie! Very very nice! :-)
Wow. RT Website offers $1M to any woman who can prove she slept with
damn it...I feel so dumb now haha I thought this was your first time, I just finished today! I was so confused at the end.
The good news is that UNC Charlotte is well-prepared for massive budget cuts. Bad news is that we needed to be.
Shout-out to all my new followers for following me! <U+E418> Hugs & kisses <U+E41C> ~ xoxo <U+E327>
omg wtf!!no ah stupid gone! I updated it on my fone and I said boys that actually arent cheaters omg haha it didnt send
Happy Friday Everyone! Want to dine with us tonight? Call to reserve a table (414) 225-0000
Protecting and serving
A nigga single time to get back on the move
Shout out to the new followers and Happy Holidays to you!
Boise Idaho, time to make you my bitch tonight! Be ready,im flying United so the party starts when I arrive!!
same. dying in this office RT : i really need this work day to be over soon
I miss you Miss. Mary Nora. I want you..
why would u leave money on him someone could take it!
No. The Real Josh Spears stood up and knocked him out.
Saturday and Sunday we will be serving brunch from 10am-2pm!
#ForcesOfNature Ive never one anything in my life this could be the first
Lick mah toe ya dumb hoe
the awk moment when people who came last night was sepreated into three parts
um...i mean no...let me see if I can upload it
Shouldn't even take no break; &nd just gtfo home early
u should have gotten a massage : )
I don't think I've ever facetimed on my iphone..
& in TEXAS? I never thought I'd see the day.
that sounds good :) enjoy !!!
oye, I need nude ballet flats but can't find the right ones with the right price... got a pair of Converse sneakers instead!
Thank You to Speedway Christian Church for today's Dine2Donate "day" @ Intech Le Peep. 85 churchgoers dined & earned a donation of $135!
RT : AND SPEAKING OF COALE, I WON'T MISS A KID MORE NEXT YEAR. THAT KID *IS* VIRGINIA TECH FOOTBALL.
Who ya got tomorrow #HereComesThePain or #RiseAboveHate?
happy Saturday!
Nice. Grew up in the 818 - Reseda then Woodland Hills. Now in the Detroit area.
I can't really consider myself a true 'gaming expert' until I get my #poker skills up to at least 'decent,' so that's what I'll have to do.
i got like 5 videos to upload
better get that
Justin where are you now ... in London
Let's have a moment of silence for all those who are stuck in traffic on their way to the gym to ride stationary bicycles.
Hey girl... long time no see. Love ur guitar poses xoxo, Katie*J
there's so much pressure to stay at the top it's ridiculous. I'm worry they'll be a mass exodus this summer if they don't win it
Always made it.
This is so dangerous. RT " Bethany Cosentino for is now online! Start shoppin' ladies!"
Every person in this chamber can point to a teacher who changed the trajectory of their lives. RIGHT ON
Miami Heat fans: Let's talk Dexter Pittman. Do you see him improving and being a factor in Miami anytime in the future?
Once again bye atx....
still confused? What are you wanting the server to prompt you for via stdin?
Pay NO attention to people who talk sh*t behind your back, That just means you are 2 steps ahead.
no we ain't in the ghetto Nigga
I want to walk to the store, but I'm afraid to take the risk....
Thanks! You guys rock! :
We have some of the top trainers in the fitness industry who are ready to get you into to the best shape of your life!
not to worry :)
Thanks for coming and supporting us Ms. Delevett! All of us really appreciate it!!
At the first annual SAPA Conference on Central Michigan's campus in Mt. Pleasant!
RT " I'm deeply concerned about WI following the footsteps of Illinois, especially the former Gov in jail part."
I didn't get it either until I googled it. Planking is the new photo craze. Even has a FB page.
Phew! You've got friends in the right study places, Kelso. We've always got your back.
Just because you hear a rumor about someone doesn't mean it's true. Actually get to know the person first before assuming it's true
FUN FACT: Although rarely heard, Giraffes can moo, hiss, roar and whistle to communicate with one another #GiraffesRock !
Ha! Wifey did it. Said 'the hell with a lockout, get yo ass to work!!!' RT : i heard brandon marshall got stabbed in a shoot out
OK! No worries I completely understand :( Do you want me to get you anything?
i was scary long story
I definitely do and Thank You Kris for helping me through tough times with your music
Confession time in Ms.Rileys class!!
Why is english so boreing
What store in Charlottesville Fashion Square would you most like your Valentine's gift to come from?
I cannot recommend enough. Top-notch journalism and story-telling. Get one ASAP.
I just might
Quite a unique environment to meet w/ clients and have serious fun. Representing Team DD are &
#8DAYS FAMILY REUNION!:D
interesting points in your post. Interested in hearing if you catch any flack for it!
IDK BUT I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO WATCHING IT AND IT WASNT ON :(
I want to go to sleep but I can't.
Mercato in Little Italy?
COMPLETELY broke mine too! Felt like a really bad dream. :( ... Next year!
This is my glass of care \_/ Oh look, it's empty.
Photo Retoucher available with reasonable rates
Thanks for the RT! I appreciate it!
In life there are no do overs, just do betters.
good interview with Alexandra. I don't think most people appreciate how hard dancers work
A mistake is only a mistake if you don’t learn from it
Awesome! RT : Big day for us! Honored to receive 2 & 9 ! Proud of our crew & clients!
Well come on then! lol. D.C. has a ton of Masonic/OES oriented stuff to see.
Have you seen a show there? Are you on their mailing list?
haha thanks :) where are you?
Stay healthy this winter with our Fresh Juice...and don't forget to add the Ginger for extra protection!
have you tried to mimic any of the LA accents you've heard yet?
I feel ya on that! I would lose my mind lol
educate yourself and be independent....
juno and ice cream (:
ctfu like the generic brand of something???
Call Me Maybe<U+2665><U+2665>
Yu broke but yu still buying weed
I did, didn't I!
a damn good thing, so I won't have to hear about your lifelong bitterness towards me
if your makeup isn't done, your hair is a mess and you're in your PJs and he still can't resist taking you into his arms, he's a keeper <U+2665>
NBA or NFL what better to play what more fun
#Gemini's do unnecessary things when pissed.
you quit twitter again, didn't you? haha
Lying and saying is on the season finale better not be 's way of attracting more viewers.
My question: Is it possible to hold a twitter competition w/o rampant #SPAM in your #hashtag? #LeanToCook Magic 8 Ball sez: No.
Not sure about the whole not leaving for restroom and hearing nuggets thing...
--- You are going to make a GREAT Mommy!
IT'S FRIDAY AFTERNOON! It's warm and sunny. Go ahead and guess what I'm thinking about. If you said federal tax law you are correct!
Music Time Tomorrow -
No more cross dressing suite mate! Gonna be living good the next time I come to Knoxville. Finally summer! See you in the fall k town.
Since we've regressed to being 5 and playing in the sandbox, mind passing me the shovel?
Hey jim nice gig from L.A.
u kno it. Have a great day & be cool
"if you wear polo, you don't go home solo"
Sometimes it feels good just to laugh hard for da hell of it!!
I dreamt we were in the 99 cent store buying twinkies and poking each other's tummies. But you don't have a tummy anymore:(
Talented, inspired many artists, made pop music and Britney Is Born This Way
#DontEvenAsk whats wrong with me because you know your the problem.
So tired but hoping to have a good day today!
Tom Petty's new album Mojo is so fucking good.
Stuff that was cool in the 90's: barbwire and tribal tattoos. Plus Baywatch.
Wow! It doesn't get much better than that card. Classic :)
Ready to order a custom text graphic / logo for just $20? Call us for details: (877) 932-4199 (leave message if no answer)
HOW DOES A BIG LEAGUER MAKE THAT MISTAKE!?!?!?!?!?!
Guess I'll go rearrange my living room. #Tired, but not
It's the Lost 80's Weekend on KFOX! What are you favorite 80's tracks? Let us know and we'll try to get them on this weekend!
We've upgraded with great new features and also reaches a new milestone of 500 visitors a day!
This broken record keeps on skipping, mindless violence no one's winning. You do your thing and I'll do mine, and that's fine.
its official: we have a realtor in Las Vegas! looking at the listings tonight when my babe gets home from work! :) im excited!
I have math next and I so don't wanna go. The only class I like is chemistry and that's because my teacher is HOT!!!!! ;p
Hey you're paying for it,let him get his skinny butt back to your house with that extra piece! Ok calm down breathe in out SIGH
I am so GLAD 2day is a NEW day...cuz yesterday i was in a terrible, horrible mood!
Pants are optional at the optional pants party
well...at least Mondays over
Our Support Team is available 24/7/365. Are you still in need of assistance? ^CS
I'm an early adopter in some circles and a late majority in others!!!
Let's go h briber.
“Hope is always available to us.When we feel defeated we need only take a deep breath and say ‘Yes' and hope will reappear.” Monroe Forester
Thanks for the RT! We got a donation from one of your followers! Thanks again!
Well as long as you working, that will keep you out of trouble... lol
f they refuse, remember that Jesus said "If you deny me among men,i will deny you before my Father." Within 4 minutes will give you good new
Shout out to for having me on your show today. Holla.
I love your priority and I agree with it. The veggies are purely for phytonutrients. Steak is for life and happiness.
brandon phillips is a pussy. 0-4
Ur Wolverines restricted every school on their schedule for the next two years for Smotrycz and it got 0 press
hahahaha top flight security!
Ok. Yang has worked last nerve. #greysanatomy Just lock her in a room with a scalpel and cadaver.
Be the Best Be Great Be Legendary
"Stop Making Sense" is just so good
: "yes im jealous of Austin Mahones Microphone thats shaped like a giant dick."---- hey noww
RT if you want a S/O
Thx For All The Updates, Working On Vegas Premiere Video (Coming Soon).
Check my music cd coming soon need stop smoking and think about life
Watching Lock Up on MSNBC--hilarious.
thanks for posting this.
Have to find a new home for our wonderful puggle. A year and a half, housebroken & crate trained neutered male. Great dog. Any interest? :(
RT : New from Precious Petite Pastries - These Bite Sized Banana Cream Pies are Perfectly Portioned (TrendHunter......
Happy Friday!
Fuck Harry Potter. It's all about Sons of Anarchy. Hey Jackson is mine, you've already got yours :)
Agree (mostly). I find it interesting how companies are changing/simplifying the meaning of words based on the company's shtick.
Yacht Club status <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I 'ont follow eggs!
Have you ever wanted to be with someone so bad, and they tell you how the relationship won't work before they even try it?
What is your opinion on Kawai upright pianos?
I've got Bama and the under parlayed myself..
12 hours of college and NBA hoops, NFL combine and a double meat double cheese cheesesteak, nice little Saturday #thegoodlife!
juniors who are saying 'seniors 2013, so close!!'
Some people wish that Morgan Freeman narrated their lives. I on the other hand would choose Optimus Prime.. (:
Is anyone staying in Roble and willing to tell me how to get in?
is it public speaking stress, or preparation stress?
I will. This is an extremely moving panel: their friendship, their correspondence, their respect for each other.
New year, new things, nothing really changes, while everything change...
The way we start the day is how the rest of the day will go. Add some joy, a song and inspiration in the first 20 minutes of each day.
Must.. Finish.. Discussion.. Posts...
Just finishing article on dog dental care. Did you know dogs can have the same dental problems as us humans?
“: The lions blew it and suh gon be suspended”
Today the world looks stupid and emty
LOL @ girls adding my husband on FB whenever we all went to the same high school.
We use WIld caught Alaskan salmon as well as farm raised salmon from sustainable fisheries.
I'm 99% sure the just walked into my coffee shop. I almost had a heart attack. They left before I could ask for autographs!
The point is that dying is a component of the game. And if it was really that likely, do you think he'd do it?
Sadly, had to miss the conference. Enjoying all your tweets!
that's what you wore YESTERday
you are the one, so I make sure I behave
Hey babe. How's u?
Phillip Phillips is such a hottie <U+E022><U+E418><U+E106>
Food poisoning = one word: ugh.
I will pay $100 on the street. Love the shirt u got for paige
glad you caught me, Mark. It is at the Tampa Convention Center. The breakfast buffet opens at 6:30 am. Program starts tat 7.
wait till you get to college you'll Find more of those
Alrighty, bro! I appreciate you taking the time to listen to it!
please don't get locked up. I really don't need to orchestrate another jailbreak this fine morning, but I will. you're worth it.
--> Thanks, Scott!
wish i had divergent with me right now so i could read it
Thanks to Susan Zuker for donating Open Arms lunch today (in honor of Hannah Shaver) at at Scottish Rite & Egleston.
I can say that my experience in selecting and reading the Baker books on my iPad have been both successful and intuitively easy. - Robert P.
oh good! I'm guessing you didn't get killed then... :P
photo shoot time!
Ok so I turn on my TV and Pam is gettin ready to fight Shenaynay..I'm cryin laughin
Coach Bielema is allowing the media to turn the cameras on at practice for the first time this spring. I'll have a report at 5 on WKOW.
that's so awesome. I have no idea why mine means. But we will one day! I'd love to see Canada
I like Billie and Ella singing the classics. And Fred Astaire actually. And some days I'll listen to Django every waking hour.
Happy Halloween... Off to Miami :) Excited to see the DEN and DEPD crew.
Happy Birthday, buddy! Hope your day has been super awesome!
love it when everyone audience sits down at the same time. like a congregation getting ready for a sermon.
Time to join the masses out on the road of life and deal with the fuddies
Flash hardware vendors buying generic caching software is the trend i
That awkward moment when you're sleeping, and then you wake up...
": I don't have the energy for Trader Joe's tonight. Sautéed toilet paper it is." - all hail lazy nights!
I believe I'm the blessing you've been prayer for
indeed. What is the world coming to when holds claim to nothing?
i'm Isabella from LA..:)xx nice name..Xx
We'll be working on new songs tonight
Aegean Islands Greece
hey man
Hopefully we take our band photo tomorrow (: annd we will have our myspace up soon after that O:! BreakTheMoon!
Y U NO LIKE HILLARY? IS IT BECAUSE SHE NO TURN OFF CAPS LOCK?
Good luck. Don't do it through the site, though. Go straight to the Channel Store on the device.
yea i think u should its miami plus me lol :)
Teeth whitening program <<<<
I can't wait to see him tomorrow. :)
Working with parent-teacher associations in the next few weeks. Know a school that would be interested? Email us at
Follow me . I follow back :)
did you get lost?
Daily I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in the united states. In case I'm not there, I go to work.
More data was transmitted in 2010 than through the entire history of the internet through 2009
Heading to an LRR - Launch Readiness Review today. My first! For the Atlas V on Thursday and the Falcon 9 on Monday
Was it small in person? LOL.
as do you!
no the Bruno Mars "Marry You" song lol
A sketch is what adult comedians write and perform. A skit is what's in an 8th grade talent show. A skart is a sketch made funnier by farts.
What other #BigBox format stores can be downsized into a smaller urban format? Target? Safeway? Wal Mart? All hail #urbanretail!
Maybe I'm not good enough to beat the Sith on my server consistently yet...yeah it' probably me hehe
So did you hear that there's a contest to write the Summerfest jingle?
Wow. It never occurred to me how fucking cute my parents are together
GO GREEN! WHAT A PLAY!!! #MSU touchdown on the punt return!!! MSU in the lead 17-3 vs. Northwestern
Glad to be here at #ASLRRA2012 with - that's Crouch Engineering!
wolfram alpha seems to handle it
i follow
what should i sing???
I want to go for a run...but I don't. Ugh. Decisions.
i know, he butchered it pretty bad like shit
Just got word from the hubby that Bottles of Bohemia just $2 all day today. It's also music nite w/ Whoo Hoo! Join us.
My husband just found an open can of beans in our house that is probably from the 60s...with beans still in it.
Happy Valentine's Day! So guys, make girls feel just as special every other day of the year too...
Hey girl!
A kind, open person easily eclipses any number of hateful beings. Still, I don't get what pleasure some find in flinging anger & nastiness.
yes! that's why i'm a bit puzzled about the album's Jan release date...i am excited about it, but March makes more sense to me.
i seriously clickedd everything that was gay
I leave on Monday :) 6 days!!
Bringing liver treats to meet a friends cat seems way cooler than bringing a thirty to a friends party, no?
I wanna Twife
Went to a job now on my way to school. What a life :p Kyra
Thanks so much for the RT! Are you enjoying your own promo? :0
Do you follow professional basketball? Kobe could pull a Last Boy Scout and still be in the game.
--feedback, which i do...but it's a lot less than someone with 6,000 subscribers should get...they may as well just unsub...
If the Pro Bowl is indeed removed, it'll be a great lesson for NFL players. Playing this sport is a privilege, not a right.
Woohoo let's go Kentucky keep my bracket at #1!!
I don't just talk it..I live..it..
5 straight w's
Remember those dark moments in your life when God open doors for you. Have the integrity to worship God for yourself! Be Encouraged!
where maa at ?
Not really the game I expected so far. Lots of stop and go
welp…#celtics couldnt get it done. heres to hoping 's #Nuggs can invade Staples and steal one from Kobe+co
gotta figure out their methods...
We shall require a substantially new manner of thinking if mankind is to survive
FREESTYLE RAP BATTLE THIS SUNDAY & tcjester! SEE THE HOTTEST FREESTYLE BATTLE IN HOUSTON! drinks specials all night
that's a feature of the pink one.
Hating right now for making me addicted to the dollar section!<U+E130><U+E12F><U+E12F><U+E12F>
Open house day! Hoping for some contracts for my client!
S/O... Get moving, harder to hit like that!!!
Parking space!
i heard you signed wit soulja boy, dont let that dude fuck you over.
do you cheek your messages on you phone for your fans ? <3
Love you guys!!
we'll get that one in the queue!
#metrolosangeles needs 2 come up w/a better solution than nothing when trains break, since they murdered all nongentrified L.A. bus service.
DAmn right shoo..who knows what can happen!!!
#Texans are financially in debt... Cant afford high picks! Will financially trade down afain in the 3rd round!
Or death valley. something really sandy.
Crossing my fingers! RT I'm putting money on what might be the least likely 2012 World Series matchup v
Life is nothing but complication and heartache
i do too<3 c:
wine and moose and trains and cooperstown and john! #ohmy #choochooo!
IM. SO GREEDY IM EATN OUT DA POTS.......:D
When did you get paws?
I've never had procreative sex. Pregnancy always risk to be mitigated, like STIs, never a purpose. Nothing wrong with that
You're weird?
Boehner actually leaped in his chair when his name was invoked.
I was not, that really does look exactly like us!
Thanks. I'm going to look that up.
I'm not grounded no mo <3
"... on the left"!!! Hilarious! We'll be watch Sunday night.
Chutes! Welcome to the mysterious world of twitter. Im gunna tell my fantasy moles on here to feed me false info so u see it..
tomorrow!! Miss you shnookums :(
I'L NEVER LET YOU GO LUKE!!!
I know the feeling! Haha we're just lazy
Let me put your inexplicable thoughts into tweets.
Seriously ,for some of you "industry" people that claim you so high n mighty, nobody is an upgrade from your actual status...yea bitch,you.
Tonight's Flick for Free: 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo' at 6p
Traveling to & from #NYC #LGA this week? I went to the airport 3 hrs early, and the security line was the LONGEST EVER. You've been warned!
awww sorry. didnt think you'd get excited
yes but Mr Cain set Huntsman on another hunt
I held my chin up high, but thats all i could lift
doubt it. I've heard more talk of them moving back than anything else. Also that they have Floyd/Blackmon almost equal.
That awkward moment when you realize you can never dress like Louis because 'big' girls shouldn't wear horizontal stripes .
relaxing with the hubby n getting my name out there
Diary of a Worm by Doreen Cronin: Day in the life of a literate worm...
Depends how dark it is; Im keepin it in about a hour. After u bleach it it feels bad, but after the color it feels bck normal!
Interesting development.
Not a problem.
People are shouting "Access is a civil right!" at the Subcommittee hearing on the ADA Pool regulations
San Diego, California Weather :: 67F FAIR: 67F FAIR
To erase shadow mistakes w/o ruining your makeup: dip a cotton swab in concealer, then skim it over the skin.
The BIG IDEA announcement is this week! SD rally around SDCHC!
My new favorite piece of corp documentation: "OMG NOTE! JUST CLICK THIS ONCE OR IT’LL SEND OUT TWO OR MORE TO THE WHOLE FREAKIN’ COMPANY!"
so somebody is shocked?
You going see the avengers this week
Mission impossible without question.
How long a minute is, depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.--- Zall's Second Law
haha GOD joke about the 60 degrees part
Happy Mother's Day to all you mommies!
Attending #hfes2011? Hop on over to booth 22 and check out SMI’s new #eyetracking glasses!
how'd you like dinner?
"hope you got home safe. LOL" -your mom
NY, come see some of Korea's rockingest bands this week! 3rd Line Butterfly, Crying Nut, & Yellow Monsters at Pianos 3/29 and 285 Kent 3/30!
Anyone know about using Blackboard to conduct group-based peer-evals? I need quant+qual. Peer eval tool seems 2b just for random qual evals.
If you can't perform at the speed you are talking, you need to slow down
"Nobody cares about about hockey Ketterer" -you every damn year
the wailers put on the best concert so far... the cab/asher roth tonight. day 6 of summerfest.
RT “: "What you are speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say" -Emerson”
Who wants to see a EXTREMELY rare picture of Austin?!
If ppl believe everything u read then ur stupid. Debby is one of the sweetest ppl on earth and sayin sumthin cuz most celebs are DONKEYS!!!
clients, it isn't safe tokeep them waiting.To me, I say wait your fucking turn in the cue. Lineman 72,800/yr CEO's are politicians
Editing a very late 2011 film reel for a job.
that is brilliant! I hope it gets lots of air play this season.
thank you. My camera, team and I don't make anyone look gorgeous though. We just bring out what's already there!
Hahahaha probably. Shes like that all the time though even with her mom.
“: I don't speak slut, can you translate? #vv #mc”
allow me to me to introduce on our Seattle Team! Robin Rocks!
Im not proud of everything Ive done, but Im proud of who I am today. Never think of what could have been, if it was meant to be it would!.
Actually yes I'm my backyard but my lions are guarding it.
How is everybody doinn today?? It's so beautiful out
Debbie Reynolds to discuss 'Singin' in the Rain' at the 2010 Plaza Classic.
$5 cheese steaks from Chubby's this week!
Xmas Tweets: Mom prepping us as we open presents - "Next year we won't have all these good things."
Can't wait! RT: Signed up for the #Cbus - can't wait for July and the happiest 5K on Earth!
thanks for shout out. R u the one who watches jenna?
Had a nice weekend. Am sorry to see it go. Happy Halloween tomorrow!
Does Lugar campaign benefit from a last-minute swell of nostalgia to help grandpa?
you are my world. my role model. I I'll always support you. I love you forever Liz <3
#TGIM! Did you have a good St. Patrick's Day weekend?
Morning :o)
We survived our epic journey from Bangkok to Siem Reap. I *think* we were only scammed once, but no shortage of opportunities!
I don't never receive, should I give again?
- have a GREAT fundraiser tonight- wish I could be there with you. Have a blessed day!
Jaguars got Al Davis drafting for them beyond the grave?
yup, that was her 1st tweet. She'd never seen Twitter before. But she knows who Mitt & Newt are!
Spacechem is still just about the best game ever. "Exploding Head Syndrome" (well-named level) 3 reactors, no switches, tanks, or waste. Ow.
Hi, I'm getting an "unkown error" when trying to use the app today. Any idea how to get around it?
FYI, 29 bucks if you're a member of AIGA
OMGOMGOMG. I will definitely buy the magazine if you're in it. Just for you Pey.
Thanks for everyone's support. Still very much in need of adult siblings of individuals with Type I diabetes! Please pass along link!
Twelve Buck Tuesday TODAY! $12 for Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens. Add on Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for only $5 more!
Interview? Will it be posted?
You'll never learn to become Old and Wise if you were never young and crazy!
Oh pish. If the Seagulls don't like it, they can go crap somewhere else! Lol
does George W. Bush have an official twitter? If so, him first. XD
dear djs, could u please play some & 's book drop bash 2moro for iggy's 4/21 bday?
A hearty hats-off to Bryan's Level One Class for a terrific performance last night. You've done well, Level Ones. And we are proud.
We hope that you'll be joining us soon with your commercial on the show.
bitch ya betta b u think ima come out n smoke!.. "lightzblunt!.."
Why workout when you can eat ?
I miss my brothers n sisters but NOT HIS FUCKIN MUSIC
Be yourself, because an original is worth more than a copy.
My mama orderin my cap and gown!!..
Have not used Springpad, but am a fan of Evernote,
Hey there, if you want NFL news follow us and we'll follow back!
Ok I'm hungry now, that power nap was good
got him!
Remember to check out our new music video on YouTube!!
Heading down to Fairhope parade early to see the floats line up.
Good books! Have have the entire movie collection! I'm far too nerdy lol
Ughh , Fine .. Ill Get Faiths & Give You The Rest .
what do you consider specious?
Taking the orange line to noho c:
Nice! It's the same with that huge reverb sound of the 80's. it'll be part of the past soon enough!
When dudes claim their assholes..Wack! I'm off that.
he guys at the game? I'm in 331.
Goodnight fans and admirers, I must depart from you and take leave to the night. Let me be your muse in your dreams.
Such a square for going to bed this early.
Fun is good. ~ Dr. Seuss
Cabana Club Apartments are the home of the Las Vegas Locomotives :)
Q. what do you call a fake noodle A. an impasta
Context: has worked for Philly mayors going back to Rendell. Now #PhillyCouncil benefits from her numbers-crunching talents!
Pizza Du Jour: Pizza Sauce, Mozzarella, Ground beef, White Onion, Green Peppers & Bacon. Just $12 plus free toasted ravioli.
We have to reorganize our libraries to help with last minute work practices!
#ImGettingTiredOf being single:/
Had to break out spring clothes today. Haven't gotten much use out of my winter clothes!!!
glitter is the herpes of the art world
hey, nice if you to say. Been beyond busy for the past several weeks...plus I used twitter way too much and got sick if it :)
Thanks for posting on the site! You rock.
Evolution, for sure. And it's not the final stage.
seems like a pretty legit, non-ignorant, honest way to go about life
These dudes know they could have got into contest last night #dunkfest put some real money up, they'll come.
Write Stuff: Open-Source Textbooks | Voice Mag (via Instapaper)| Will public schools & universities suddenly jump on the open-source wagon?
I will tell u what to do, U need 2 get behind me in line lol
Campbell Cnty District Judge Karen Thomas, NKYEC BOD receives KY Bar Association Award
Thanks for the #FF!
Went to my trainer this morning at 7:30am. Sigh. My appt is at 11am. So changing it so all my appts are at the same time!
Thank you for the op to contribute to #ayearwithmyself!
Its almost impossible to believe that 2 days ago there was 2 inches of snow on the ground. Gorgeous day out today!
Oh? Do tell.
AR LOVES Nashville, but today we are rivals!!! Our Red Wings are gonna skate off the ice tonight after whoopin your butts for win#22!
An account with no draft wants "free" glassware. That's like asking for "free" umbrellas when you don't offer outdoor seating.
George, agreed
many thanks for the follow!
Comes up more frequently than Spassky-Fischer.
When going to an amusement park check to see if you can go in and out...if so then bring a healthy lunch in a cooler. Save $ & stay Healthy!
Me spy on you? for what reason? I barely have time to check my most current news updates,but thanks for the welcome
We scared up sum more Halloween imaging. Check out 4 new spooky sweeps & a promo shell 4 yr Halloween event or concert
This kid playing Temple Run on the iPhone just informed me she just bought a black man and he runs faster than the white man. -_-
Yesterday was rainy and today is a cloudy. A made a card for her music teacher for class.
Welcome Back
its perfect! i wouldnt change it :) u should definitely post it
Join us for the inaugural year of the Summerfest Rock 'n Sole Half Marathon and 10K Run! Register now at www.rocknsolerun.com!
yes u do and he's not mine but kinda is idk lol
I still miss their old bottles, though, with the flowers on the inside of the back side.
When you coming back to HI?? Xo
considered worth somethin. if we lose a job, cant raise our kids. we are as good as dead. because everyone will tell u, u aint
Just did ": follow back"
Ew. Its nasty when ladies explode in
Unfortunately, I wasn't one of them because I didn't know. Happy belated Birthday day, bro...
Following you via 's RTs (through ). Looking forward to your tweets!
just when #BananaRepublic has a good sale they run out of what I've been waiting to buy.
Where been doe?
Catching up on the bachelor 2 weeks worth...
RT : A beautiful day to be w/the little one. Days like today in Nov! are what make Houston worth it [#HIWI]
What are you most excited to try? We're looking forward to seeing you!
You know that is going to be entertaining!
While you are getting caught up in yourself; she might be getting caught up in him.<3
As it warms up interesting to see the difference in the quality of East Coast light, from crisp in winter to syrupy in summer
indeed it was, my bad. :) i should have been there to get it right!
How many parents are happy, because your children will be home tomorrow?
Thank you again for the meeting this morning!! It was a pleasure to meet you:)
All I want is for my girl to be as bad as Megan Foxx , that's all!
Hey guys we got a show at the Underground coming up! Its this friday so please come out vote and help us out!!
Sent it to NBCUniversal address. Scheduled to arrive Friday- Want u to have it b4 ur surgery! Get well soon! :-)
We value and appreciate our customers' feedback. How are we doing?
RT Ads & Heat in Game 2 today at 5 at the BC! Admirals need a win to even the series before it heads bk 2 Abbotsford.
Im to old to be hangingg at the playy ground.
plzzz follow me??? :D
Are you going to the Long Island Golf event? Thanks!
it won't snow forever....get your tix NOW for Denver Golf Expo! TicketsWest @ King Soopers .. no lines no hassle no time wasted
wondering which we'll find first- a winery or a Dairy Queen?
Time to prove a lot of people wrong
We can ship anywhere! Please call 888-249-2377 to order :)
Mad that "Lique the Freak" won't be at school tomorrow.
i saw u on YouTube ,ur amazing(: that's how I found ur twitter lol
:) how are you lately? Been wondering what your up to, hope all is well!
did all the players show up to the meeting with Christian today?
I just saw reeses Easter eggs at ralphs. R u kidding me! We just celebrated Xmas ... They already trying to sell us the resurrection! Jesus!
Thanks for the RTs! and
I can't sleep, missing somebody. I wonder what would do?
get over it i am who i am and thats someone you could never be !
Sarah my sexy sheep buddy ;) Love you
Congratulations on the hiring of Jesse Selnick as your new #CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
do they have it every day?
Work ur single.. its not gon blow up quick that only happens with paid play
I'm dying to go swimming!!!
I admired that paper at gran electrica, yes? See you on Sat!
It's like the tables have turned on me =/
you hate me cause i got whatchuu need.
when are you signing? Are you the "unnamed player" along with Taylor who will be inking letters on Friday at Kelso?
Could the Hunger Games be a more timely movie? Gas is more expensive than food? Not right.
Sitting through the Tony's to see good stuff is like going to church for the wine.
Great weekend! Saturday I spoke in Waco at a event! Shared my Freedom Flight story w/ a wonderful crowd of young golfers!
Good game #Nuggets! Nobody ever won all of em! Come back hard Tuesday!
Looks like the whole Virtual Users audience is tweeting. A good sign.
late night designing to outfits for fashion week show this week. Im hoping the creative juices start flowing
Occasionally, Levi LaVallee came on The Sporting Rave Podcast.
A women's greatest asset is her beauty.
Let's go Devils!
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left. smh
1 more week in this bitch !
The first step of leadership is begin becoming aware of leadership. Observing it in yourself, in others and in the world at large.
We wanted to ask if you could use the #239Days hashtag when engaging in conversations so others can see as well! Thanx!
about to watch The Homecoming. I hear it is great.
It really irks me when companies (I'm looking at you ) renew your subscription days in advance of the renewal date to get xtra month
bag it!
Lets go #Lakers lets go!
text me!
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Ok first total week of my work out routine completed. Now just gotta get myself to do it every week
alright well keep me posted then hun <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
is this just a "best of" episode?
Thanks for the follow Sean! See you out on the road this summer.
Uh, I'm picking up this bookeeping thing fast, but doing it on my own on Saturday already?! What?!
I don't believe you..
I agree humanitarianism is a noble pursuit, but assault/maiming/killing is just not a legal response 2 ANY perceived insult
we got 's present, too! so kind of her... and so tasty. thanks, Stephanie!
why would any guy do that
Happy Friday & Cinco de Mayo weekend!
Next few days are bonkers/awesome: Lots of work stuff, working Fri PM/DJ Sun PM, Sat PM.
How do I buy man clothes without going to a mall, or paying out the ass? TJ Maxx is fine for dress shirts, but I want cardigans and shit.
I love how in Pocahontia, all the Indians know fantastic English and have no accent. Hm?
#thatawkwardmomentwhen I drop a plate in the lunch room and the entire cafeteria claps...
If you are not following me on , then you are making a big mistake. I have been mainly using that account lately.
Great effort ! We're still proud of our home-town team!!
i gotta go
Tuesday, high of 75 & allegedly no rain 'til this afternoon ("isolated t-storm"). Tonite: Pool tournament @ Ironwood, Open Mic @ the Brown.
Yes, for she panned her dad life or something RT Puns of the night....
Great panel today...Feeling confident and classy!
if you know someone that is very depressed, show them how much you care and what they have to live for b/c one day it might be too late...
haha you guys talk about me a lot I take it?
Nicely said ": Today President Obama spoke for all Americans who believe in equality and justice for all."
Get a second wind soon and yall come visit us!!!!
#ChrisPaul is the BEST PG in the #NBA hands down
Life aint always beautiful but you are.(;
<U+2693> trying to look like Louis tomorrow for school<33
definitely, getting it on iPad as well. Lots of strange things lately actually for no reason.
cocoa beach!
BUT I DON'T FUCKING DO DRUGS! FUCKING SHIT MAN MY LIFE IS GOING TO BE SCREWED FOR NO REASON
Romney will win east-west coast states and claim that this proves he can beat Obama in blue states.
“: RT If Someone Ever Drunk All The Kool-Aid In Your House & Left The Pitcher In The Fridge”***pisses me tf off
I'm surprised they dont have Forever 21 there :O
#sdmayornp Scott Lewis & Gloria Penner let's see how long it takes the candidates to actually answer the question.
Today is a special day for one of my favorite former President's! Happy 65th Birthday to William Jefferson Clinton!!
Watching #HappyThankYouMorePlease because my life is just awesome. I love independent films, so so much.
Follow me and check out my music Fire904
Frustrating question of day award "Did u hear the winner of worlds best joke" " no what was it" "don't know I've forgotten!" Job for Google!
Feels like I'm getting shin splints and season ends on Thursday.
And when the old farmer dies... It will be
A beautiful morning! Headed to gym. Feel like it may be
Thanks for following! Much appreciated. :)
I hate when ppl drive my car, I can never readjust my seat the same way!
Q2 Write the questions so they are clear, direct, not ambiguous or open-ended. Straightforward is key!
Coffee with a hint of cinnamon...m
Indeed! RT : I just voted. . . please don't forget to vote. Democracy is not a spectator sport.
RT : Straight people, you have my permission to slap any gay guy that says "Today is our Super Bowl!
You guys are my favs ;D
I was introduced to the magic of at SXSW. Now I need more!
I wish he could put me back to sleep...*wink *wink
I own a white car. Does that make a difference? Lol.
Song that I hate #YUNO get out of my damn head?!
True, it's not always easy finding the right mentors for oneself. Good reminder of how valuable they are tho.
Remember when Ryan butler shaved his head ?
I'll be at Blue Water Gill 2nite at 7pm! RT": is the show tonight? Or did I miss it??"
At the end of the day, I've just hung out with my dog and husband for many consecutive hours.
So I'm not sleepy yet -____-
I'm interested to know your answer.
The Bright White Album "Until Then" Available February 24, 2011
Thanks for the mention (and sorry for the slow response!)
no, I was pissed too.
"you won't find NO cops in NONO fightin' crime, it's the modern day deadwood"
“: lol tell !” thanks you just did :) lool
-Ima do my #MeWithoutYouIsLike... RT if you believe true
What I'm saying is I'd trade him 2k of my words for 50 of his. That sounds fair, no? GIMME YOUR WORDS, STEPHEN KING.
You make a compelling argument. If any of us were there personally, you go it. Twitpic that and we'll ship you a thank you.
What are you people trying to do to me?!
Terrence Jones and Kyle Wiltjer... local boys win NATIONAL TITLE with the Kentucky Wildcats, 67-59 over Kansas. Congrats!
they don't understand what an actual amazing game is.
You rang? Good question: yes, we are working on this right now! More details to come this summer.
What's the best thing that happened to you today?
I love Fridays, if only for the light morning commute...
fair enough
You've already said too much. We're onto you.
You won’t get anything unless you have the vision to imagine it. ~John Lennon
. & I said same this morning. RT If I ran a publication, I'd pay a lot of money to come work for me.
Lol!!! The leading lady is quite cute, too!! Go Nick!!!!
Taking my vacation next week. I have 1000 things I want to do during that time. Big, life changing things. Email me with ideas.
sorry about this. What location was this - h st? Pls follow us and DM me the approx time you called. Thx
I do!
Demi Moore rushed to hospital for seeking treatment for 'exhaustion'...oh well
That would be Kickapoo High School by the way. Go Panthers!
They ballin but watch out for Marquette & Wisconsin!
Its okay im at school having lunch with my friends
give me weed....pleasee
Good job guys, great effort tonight.
We're trendy world wide. All the freaky people make the beauty of the world.
woke up to Natalie Grant singing....Jesus worthy is the Lamb...yes, so worthy...amazing weekend...totally blessed and thankful for my God
Just turned a friend's $100 into $400 in roulette. Would have lost it all if it was my $.
I said the same thing. I guess people don't have nowhere else to go on that day lol
Motorola Triumph
Couldn't tweet about raw last night but it was awesome, loved it
Listen to a jimi hendrix song today. Just one.
i'm a pottymouth, especially when it comes to temple run.
Uhh hey #eyewitnessnews, it's TODT Hill...not TODD Hill. Really!? Good job! NOT!
I've already eaten a brownie today. Then later I have to read a story about Americans getting fatter and we should change our diets.
lol about what ?
I need a swimsuit. I wonder if I can get a suit like Elastigirl from the Incredibles.
#RiosAbril Somebody check the judges 4 gifted wrapped bottles of Jose.
GIRAFFE FUN FACT: A group of Giraffes is called a tower! #GiraffesRock !
YES! Im a BITCH! Beautiful, Inteligent, Talented, Charming and Hot.
Yes, you were well recommended in company with Jerome McGann, though Domesday was less about forensics than digital risk
I can't stand liars! >.<
The road to success is always under construction.
I have no idea why the judges saved Deandre over Jen... Lame. I'm happy with the rest of the Top 13 though.
Raiders won and I got to finish ma homie's dj osito dj drops in the studio
faeryheart Oh yeah found it with the french translation, thanks!
The heat is tough, but we're glad you had lots of fun!
Many brides-to-be are going on the "feeding tube diet" to lose weight for their wedding. Your message to them IS??
Good improv meeting and good sketch meeting in one week?
OH: is there a run on high-end hookers this weekend?
hey u don't have to lie, I know I'm fat :( Don't make excuses! Hahahah
And the #MACCFund. You rock, Muchacha!
I think you're pretty without any makeup on.
could you tell your fans I have two tickets for Seattle Washington section 226 seat# 10 and 11
Pure barre class -in the immortal words of ET...Ouch! How do such tiny movements make u sweat so much'
thanks for the follow!!!
my traditional language frustrates me because I wish I could speak it/ practice it more
Xavier: "Look...Cows!". Bahahahahaaa!
Just tapped, Black Diamond Jagged Edge IPA (replaces Brewing Total Domination IPA)
heard you had a crush on
Thanks hun, just trying to be cool like you!
Thanks to for your partnership & sponsorship in making the Neighborhood Revitalization Conference a success
How long do you think I'd last, walking to and from work each day? It'd take about an hour either way, but the exercise would be awesome.
On the road back to VA-- the van finally totally broke down in gothenburg Nebraska. I guess we live here now? Stuck like bugs.
Ok so jingle ball this year was amazing when I saw Amy from #karmin I was freaking out I like couldn't speak! I can't believe I saw them!!
"Privacy" rhetoric focusses on minimization. Person-centered personal data ecosystem focuses on permissioned flow of personal data
"Normal" people don't watch one episode...responsible people, MAYBE
RT : Addicted to seeing the results of hard work.
RT : Just one week away until the Opening Night Party for the Northern Virginia Fine Arts Festival (May 18-20)! Get......
#SummerDonna #DonnaSummers is gone, but not forgotten.
Thanks for the kind words! We are glad that we can help ease the scheduling process- its what we do :).
Tomorrow on The Breakfast Show; Carolyn Manno from Comcast Sports, Globe Tech Reporter Hiawatha Bray, Tix to Spoon, Spring Training Song...
Apparently the other candidates are making calls attacking We'll take that as a compliment.
still... sorry to hear that mate... :/
off to tucson, yaAaAaAay :l text me
And to , for making all those "impossible" production meetings possible. Even if has the creepiest Skype avatars ever...
Is it bad that I really hate Ms. Guerra
Tonight son is playing baseball, I hope they win 0-2, he has never been on an 0-2 team for any sport he plays. Probably not a playoff team.
After 30 preview performances and 244 regular performances LOMBARDI ended its Broadway run on May 22, 2011.
Wearing my creatures shirt tonight whattup
I first read the Holy Bible I by faith knew it was real and believed and made it part of my life pray pray pray pray.......
I dread crawling into bed & trying to sleep. Because thats when the tears start, when I'm alone in bed is when it all hits me. I'm not okay.
Thanks for letting me know, and for the clarification to the update at the App Store. I'm enjoying the new effects so far.
aloha! i just sent you an e-mail! can't wait to hear back =)
Watching Matlock with grandma
its true. you're right.
You have great taste, Naoma!
iWanna Say iLove You So Bad , But iDont Wanna Scare You Away !
after experiencing kdr I am definitely joing a sorority! thank you !
“: Great time with one of the NW's church planters ! "// Partnering together to train the next generation leaders!
It was great and I will be back! Have boss in town 5-24 hope to bring him too!
Hi April! I have a couple questions about 2nite, would love to DM u or speak with u :)
I think it is like the last game , could go either way!!!
What? You can't see them?
Heartbreaking end to a really great season for the
Has anyone seen the amazing movie called Courageous? Such an amazing and wonderful message! Let us know your thoughts!
RT: : damn me too
We're headed to tonight for #acbw 6-10pm. See you there!
AYE MAN IM NEW TO THIS LMAO
....tonight we are taking a break! lol
feelin the love! Right back at you! “: I love you tonzo!!!”
The BAD part the of Movie & TV Business...It's full of Liars & Frauds...If you run into a guy named RICK LEE from Las Vegas, he's 1 of them.
Love is not a game & as long as you continue to think it is you will continue to lose.
10k went very well. 55 minutes, which I was pleased with. Great way to start Thanksgiving!
Don't miss the fish specials this weekend! Order them ALL! Trust me...
whatever makes you feel like a rock star....
I don't blame you. Have any ear plugs?
Leaders don't create followers, they create more leaders. ~Tom Peters
Be assured there is no beauty like that of goodness—there is no power like that of virtue. (1850)
ScanMan is a smash hit in South Korea! 4 downloads of the hot bot!
Should have sent this out earlier. Happy Birthday to aka Senor Buckets.
Irma is changing my life with all these mexican foods
Over the next few weeks, if any more of you have the prints you got from me signed, be sure and Tweet me pics!
DeSean, I'm thinking about getting into entertainment. Is it fun to be famous?
You put your shirt on backwards again and are now trying to save yourself, no?
On the way to a graduation party! ^-^
he was in the gallery this morning! It's great to have two new works for fusion between wallwork & soundsuits
Sunday.... A day that brings smiles and relaxation... Music video shoot in 3 hours : ) - la Cruz music
now I can text you, write on your wall AND tweet you!
After this midterm, about to go all out on creativity.
great, I swallowed a bug. So much for being
Don't give up on what you truly believe in. Before you know it, it could be gone, and you'll regret giving up.
I have a great idea! I'll prototype the website next week when I have the chance :D
Movie I've been watching: Robert De Niro in Once Upon a Time in America. Way too much sex; too little romance.
Stafford is a punk
WHAT?! WHAT?! TELL ME NOW!!!
So true. I mean, she couldn't even score some free VistaPrint biz cards to use?! The biz seems shady anyway...
Come to North Carolina… Where you can marry your cousin. But you can't marry your gay cousin.
I'm grieving today. Smh
#LTBroadcasts "Dr. Hugo Eckner announched that in July he will steer his Zeppelin into the Arctic, all the way to the North Pole"(5/6/31)
If it is a torn ACL he is out for year. His save vs. O's might be the last time we ever see the greatest reliever of all time pitch. Sad.
I converted to islam smartass, been studying the quran...think before speak & don't jump to a conclusion...to try to be funny.
hey what's the thing below the sponge rack? I see something about sleep. I like sleep, but don't get enough of it. Can help?
send it my way when it's done!
I'll just sing to u with my angel like voice. #alwaysworks lol
probably... They're going to be expanding soon & moving to the u of m area so if not now, soon! I'll talk to someone today!
Thanks :) He talked about everything the whole way home....and all morning! Your crew is shaping my son's future
Word! RT : Thank God for moms!!!
I retract my last tweet. Very good point :)
MOM. HURRY UP. IM HUNGRY. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
People need to learn to take their own advice. Karma, Hoffman. Saw, you owned. All i have to say is, GAME OVER.
Make sure you get child support from him. He's gotta have some money.
Going to school clothes shopping I haven't started yet so lucky but I'm so happy and excited for school lol never thought I would be :P
Just updated player projections and news for CBS users and Ultimate Rankings package. Updates coming daily starting next week.
Thx for the #shoutout Thx for the #follow Please follow my friend - they
Ah yes, Pasco. I actually did two summer internships in the Tri-Cities (Richland, Pasco, & Kennewick). Unexpected desert in WA.
There might be a few spots open. Let me check.
follow back please? How was your day?
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Now if only you used that at the gym. Right lol RT : The harder I work the more luck I have
Looking for crazy ideas... not people.
18 Grammy winner and Polka legend Jimmy Sturr now on Adva Mobile. Text getpolka to 88704 on your phone.
“: no prob...nice set last night! See you next time! :-)” yes!
must be the off-season.
my pleasure, it was great fun
Happy Monday, all! Ready for a big week?
MTV Latin America Announces Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico as Host City of International Music Event &quot;MTV World Stage&quot;
Starbucks barista on NW Hwy and Shady Brook needs to dial it back about 10 notches.
Aha, you got me radio! Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me a thousand times, shame on me. Listening to commercials for 5 min again.
ah I missed Austin song! D:
If you want, tweet me numbers and a pic of yourself so I can ship you with one of the boys. (: xx
One of #Abmackin'sMetaphors--->> ol girl want da long John den I gotta bill it , I can cupcake even wen I cnt feel it
Wow..luckiest goal I have ever seen
legal definition construction
so hard to find them these days lol
Hope everyone had a safe and happy holiday! It's time for some updated 2011 radio and TV spots, don't ya think?!
Woohoo! Thanks for being a fan! What did you have to eat?
. broke the #manolo news last night, but LuckyMag girls were talking abt it last wk
"Keep on moving. Don't talk about stuff. Do it." - Former MIT president Charles Vest (via Sal Khan)
haha he looks like a dinosaur!!
If I change my style I wouldn't be me...
Thanks for the #FF, Ryan. And in the same company as ? I'm honored.
#FF Happy Friday
well, I had a margarita first <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> btw, love MV!!
Blazers looking good
Thnx! Always appreciate feedback. Hope you're having a great day! :)
Im doing great since Im talking to you and I just found a website where I'm downloading a bunch of free tunes haha
Daily crossword, then gym. Strong mind, strong body...or so they say.
Any takers for posting to the 5 closest military bases to you? Tell them to vote everyday!!! www.www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff
A-Town Veteran the book by Cole Hart is ready for Grandhustle film.
I choose to love and accept myself and talk to myself as I would to a beloved person in my life
smh I'm at work not doing work lol.
Yes it is! Thanks!
So sorry for your loss.
Thanks for the heads up. Hopefully fixed.
The irony of Let's Get It On trending right now! LMAO. Goodnight Tweeters
no we're sorry not yet :(
Thanks for your help with adding my voice in the mix.
So much to do too many trips commin my way gettin prepard i guess
Me too, if I have a flat surface. But for doing things like walking around a library and taking notes, it's is awesome.
are you mad at me? if you dont respond to this tweet im gonna think you are. :/
Pre_____ RT : He's not my man just the closest thing that I have to a boo thang <3
#pacers win!
just tapped the Frontal Labottleme IPA. Come try this beer from one of SD's newest breweries!
I'm 13... what do you expect?
Just want to congratulate the Phillies for not totally sucking. Good job.
Going to be a crazy night at juicy tomorrow. Let's get DOMINATRIX !! 3600 n Pulaski
"i am WAY more horny than my friends so i need sex almost every single day!"- the bio of my most recent follower...what?
we hope all of you, single/taken/it's complicated/& beyond, had a wonderful Valentine's day! don't need a partner to know that you're loved.
I've always dated guys younger than me...
RT : Who wants a follow
Happy Monday to you!
"it's so hard to think before you speak" quoted by - mark that one down !
I tell you what, this Beyblade nonsense is going to put me 6 feet under. And that's without us even watching the shows on CN.
Nice finish Made scrubbing the bathroom toilet much more enjoyable.
It is ALWAYS a terrific idea to buy and then eat an entire "king size" Caramello bar [throws computer thru window] [passes out]
Fly to denver so I know its real..
Really boring day i need some gears haha :)
Do you have a KIK? Well, Kik me:
Glance: Procter & Gamble&#39;s &#39;billion-dollar brands&#39;
Whats poppin? Next weekend can we hook up? 443.278.6886(cl) Real People Real Business Real Vibes...
i wanna hear you say "I don't deserve you"
I finally set up a personal Twitter account. :-)
So jealous. Wish I was there.
Road trip <3
RT : BCTC has opened satellite lab: 58 pcs in Newman Library. Same software as 6th floor lab; lab assistants in yellow vests too.
#IAmThankful For my wonderful husband who is loving, handsome, hard working and an inspiration to me every day.
nothing but video interviews & Connect pics today. More cowbell to follow.
Heading out to the tonight. Can't wait!!
#NextStupidRealityShow So I ain't got time for relationships gimme a slut date
haha I was thinking the same thing best missed goal from his ass
Today in 1984, Ghostbusters (Ray Parker, Jr.) was a hit.
Can you remember if 4th was male or female? Now I am feeling bad for not knowing.
Thatts good(: Loll, i love tumblr(;
Good times. Stephen Humphrey Bogart on the Plaza Stage introducing the movie where his parents were introduced.
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS SO EVERYONE WIT A TWITTER FOLLOW ME ! I WILL BE FOLLOWING BACK !
Follow Tim. Now RT : It upsets me that Snooki Slippers twitter had more followers than me. #ConsideringKillingSnooki'sSlippers
open ya mouth
i wish i just didn't care. cause if i didn't care, it wouldn't hurt this much...
i will never understand how one small problem can escalate into..world war 3?
Roses are red violets are blue I have five fingers and the middle one's for you!!
Hpy Sun indeed RT : LOVE!! Happy Sunday! XO RT : Just did a custom yoga session yogatailor.com
haha see that's so me...lol i realized drawing a cat was hard..i was really good when i was a kid tho
Brains on 95
No, we don't do $50 sew-ins, because we actually do them right.
Yea, it would be a sad world if we didn't have you... but I'm glad we do!!! Cheers to having you here!!!
Matt is definitely the best out of everyone. He's just really really awesome
I miss and
you stink.
The things i would do to Megan good :)) lOl
Call me maybe just made me cry... It's gunna be a rough summer without my Peefs :(
Emilio "Good Face" Bonifacio hitting second.
I'm in it 2 win it!
I still can't believe she picked Pacey.
If you aren't watching the Rose Bowl, you're missing out
I didn't know Kobe played Ftball! RT I know my man is waitin' to see De' Anthony Thomas AKA The Black Mamba GO OFF
Trying "TwitPitches"...what do journalists think of this vs. press release to your email box?
Spurs closing out the series tonight!!
RT Flip a coin... when it's in the air, you'll know which side you're hoping for. - Arnold Rothstein
Hooah! RT : Through Army medical innovations, more of our Wounded Warriors have returned to duty than at any time in our history.
From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere. - Dr. Seuss
. I had an awesome time. Big thanks to George & the rest of the staff at Sapphire & Bali Hai!
Thnx for the food drive! The Mission is grateful for all the support!
Christina Milian Covers Denim: ‘I Don’t Want To Waste Time On Someone Else To Break My Heart’
a NEW 90's quiz part 2 up on Mojo's World homepage! Go check it out & see how good you are with 90's trivia! :)
RT" I'm so afraid of losing elderly voters that I'm taking false credit for lifting illegal fam. care cap I started last year.
You're acting hard?
I think you are right!
Niggas woke me up early is hell for some bullshit >.<
I really want a milkshake!! :o
Charlie's maxim: your neighbors should never, ever hear you. Unless you're talking *to* them.
Who's offensive coordinator for Rams? Play calling isn't fooling anybody. SL pressure on defense has been great so far. But will they score?
Has any of my followers stopped in today yet?
I'm working on a 6 pack for the summer. I have the lines for them now. #WorkingOutBro <U+E420>
Tip #102: Consider firing on the flop, turn, and river versus players that have over thinking/floating tendencies.
Great timing on the 18 mile ride! Go Winter!
what a surprise -_-
what is going on in Central Florida? 3G and 4G aren't working???
Dance moms:D
Stupid snowplows waking me up on my day to sleep in....bo. ok I'm up
Was that you sitting behind me on Continental into Newark on Friday night?
THESE VIDEOS THOUGH.
Thanks for the follow cool site.
Watching the voice now ....
Eminem, Cold Wind Blows-Recovery You hate the fame Love the game, cold as ice you remain Fuck em' all tell 'em all eat shit here we go again
I have come to realize that the difference in our success and failure is not chance, but choice.
Sunday Funday better than ever! Come Bounce with us!
Me, mindless!? (Looks at this alt. Account) *scratches head* Since when? - aka Auntie Kristen
Two more till 100 ! So cool you guys are the best !
We hope everyone had a safe and wonderful Halloween! Cheers to a new week!
TWEEPS! Don't answer my direct messages! They are not from me! Someone is phishing for passwords via twitter and I was fooled!
Hello multiple shades of burnt.
omg, money from strangers is so funny hahah
cool! Hope you guys like it.!(: And yes I will(: lol
Happy Monday!!!! May you all have an awesome Day!!!!
Can't hug every cat.
Wrapped things are the best. You get to unwrap them just like a present. Unwrap & enjoy a McSkillet Burrito @ McD's!
Phone about to die
Drew me?! You'll never be able to erase me either...Please don't get beside yourself! I'm GOD sent!!!
Dreams are the seedlings of realities.
A jealous girl ia a faithful girl RS
Your posts do tend to be! RT : That's why I make sure every single one is *profound.*
Desperately waiting for #Boyfriend to be released soo I can play it all day long... <U+2665>.^
#scary #halloween events coming to the Strand in Oct.! Just a short drive from #Indy!
Would have liked to see the "sharks" at ABC's presentations. I mean...they would have paid their own way!
looks like this Sunday I'm taking a trip to Atlantic Avenue!
well done on your speech; it was thought-provoking and challenging
In DC for next 18 hrs to attend Lib of Year reception. Fast trip for CML staff, but hope 2 c some lib peeps.
Join us Tuesday night at 7pm for our weekly meeting! Stop by, meet the members, take a tour, and talk about what you want to make...
lol okay thank you
I love your smile,I love your eyes,I love your laugh,I just love everything about you Niall <3
but aint nobody laughing
With the lovely tonight <3
I'm a non traditional librarian in education. Think outside the box. There are opps where you might not think to find a lib job.
In the Master Bath … Drop-in sinks, under-mount sinks, vessel sinks or tiled-in sinks?
I'm going treasure hunting with Spike TV's American Digger on Tuesday in Chicago. If you got suggestions on places to go, let me know!
Poor Betty. LOL.
GIVIN A SHOUT OUT TO MY BESTIES ASHLEYY AND HOLLY!!!!!
Return of the Jedi! not even close
It was spring last week. Just to let you all know.
Yea, I know, watch bb all day but cant watch that...my sarcasm does not translate well on twitter...
We're looking forward to reading more from you - great work on that last one!
yes we should!!! :) going darker?
Tulowitzki's in the on deck circle, looking like he's trying to stretch his left leg out.
Woke up in a great mood:)
goodnight ppl.gb! :)
Happy Friday!
This is my first blogger's conference! Advice? Psyched!
Amen to that! Ten times over!
That's hilarious! I just did an entire week of investigating your type of business and came up with a new business model &..
FOLLOW ME CUTIE
my dad would finally come over. I like it!!!!
follow me please i love you
very sweet!!!
thank you so much!
love it!
Man got me in here rollin. Lmaoooo
Not gonna be able to sleep since I slept all day
Good morning:)
Great conference as usual. Good to see you consistently on your shit like that. Hard work pays off.
I think leadership comes from integrity <U+FFFD> that you do whatever you ask others to do
I agree. There are a number of other stats that just don't quite add up to the absolute.
heh. I have 2 batteries...don't know what the deal was. Today, no battery issue, but no signal in room.
He was probably the coolest college freshman at one point
Planning a rummage sale! Mostly baby and young boys clothing and toys odds n ends Might sell my Harley jacket. Sorta hard to do
Today. Early afternoon. And we're adding four artists!
Wow how dare Will Ferrell joke around in a league like the NBA that is filled with "hey look at me now".
I will find my way, I can go the distance. I'll be there some day if I can be strong. I know every mile will be worth my while.
RT looking for something to do? ,
The Beastie Boys revisits their first mega-hit,'Fight For Your Right' in this star-filled, short film...://huff.to/huHe56
or finds your lost remote
We have so many great partners helping us with our festival: #De Cecco pasta Grazie mille!
not saying it over twitter
Great to meet you guys! Hope to do it again soon!
hey I still wore what an avg fan would ;) - for other games I've gone crazy though haha
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>CAKE<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
Martin playing well
LIKE MY WARDROBE OF STATION/FREE T-SHIRTS DOESN'T KEEP ME HUMBLE!
I can go, if you want me to.
There is going to be a Coach Taylor Friday Night Lights film? Please let this happen.
Wonder if Elisabeth is going to take time off to campaign for Romney like she did Palin?
RT“ I don't get why they call it a "funny bone" when you hit it, its not funny at all.”
The Stay-Puft marshmallow man!
Love and cherish or honor should be part of your wedding vows—but not OBEY. Only women are the ones whose vows include “obey.”
nothing to add just wanted to say that your tweet game has been unreal good lately and i wish we were bros, bro
But anyone named "Julie" will have to pay extra.
Wow, I missed all the Libra twitter fun. Three cheers for a super-awesome project mgr, though!
on my way to Douglas County High to watch 10 yr old Tyreke peform in their talent show man this baby is going to kill these high school kids
I just cut myself on an egg shell while peeling a boiled egg. I didn't even know that was possible!
Jason Aldean is 9/15. Still on! RT : Hey Smiley!! Can you ask if the Jason Aldean show is still on??
True at every level of ed! I taught @ a Title1 school that used data extensively & made gains. Data use = crucial in
B&W C5s
Monroe dodges bullet in third as Gutzmer throws out two runners from CF ... on the same play.
Welcome! Sad to be missing you & #Yarnover this weekend!
I want a guy with tattoos
always :D x
I'm trying!! I talk about you and to my college students at every opportunity. It's working! :-)
you think i am cute?
Just found out the dad
I really don't think females ready to settle like dey say they do
We're ready to rock and roll for radio liveshots here ahead of the jobs report. Thanks to , also known as The Beast (a good thing).
I'm fascinated by fans/commenters who are scarily obsessive about Rotten Tomatoes scores.
#GOODMORNINGAMAZINGSUPERWOMAN IT'S ALMOST
I hate how you look at me I hate how you smile at me I hate how you give me mixed signals I hate how I like you I hate how I hate liking you
vive le data!
Maybe we will have a clear shot from Downtown Orlando (Mills and Gore area) to see the awsome night shot.
Is it a bad thing to just say this day SUCKED..... let's move on....
I spend so much time in strip clubs that when the pizza delivery guy arrives I put his tip individually around his pants & then slap his ass
Cause I got friends with tractors;)
Excited to try my made in USA Solar Oven today!
yeah I'll tweet it to everyone
: Can't believe the music that has just been made in the studio today #makinghistory!?
he's 17
Looks like had a fun night playing round up. :) hope all is well with the kids.
You have a TON of followers! I need more. . .
i <3 live music
I think he was referring to Jake in Chasing Redbird. It was odd bec it was clear he had at least taken the time to read it
Cuttlefish are so damn cute
About to watch Australian short films at Boston LGBT Film Fest. Best weekend in a long time.
thanks for the welcome home!!! Xoxo. I am hearing the song play "I Love LA", but I do miss etc!
bye bye april showers, hello may time spring time
"If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today."
"There's power in numbers and possibility in community." Overheard.
It was great to meet you the other day!
Anyone have a cool trade show prize idea? (small show)
Wow, Episode 6 is Crazy Prophetic - DvL
nice, I look forward to it.
I know you are but what am I? Lol
pure nostalgia. obviously.
Thanks for sharing : Free tonight? Come to the at 8:20 for PechaKucha Night Detroit vol11!
Niggga be money hungry out here though!! .. head be low..so i bow down...Fam begging .. trying to get my own ...but these folks smh!
Youre so welcome! Glad to be in touch.
Romney doesn't talk like normal people do. "I certainly was not under the impression that the tonsorially challenged lad was a pederast."
Need to fuck wit a party .
I can never eat anything sweet, my stomach hurts so bad!
Happiness is a state of mind. Enjoy the little things
Awesome! Thank ya! :)
Me, The Man & The Baby: He's at the ready
'Happy Mother's Day,' Mom's from us suet people! We are blessed to have our Mothers! Enjoy your special day!
First impressions of GODORT hotel: not that scary. My room has two tiny bathrooms, and the floor is uneven, but it's clean. We'll be ok
likewise! Come visit us in winston!
#What2ChainzWouldSay Breakfast time...pancakes...pass da juice...concentrate....food gone.. cleaned da plate.. I missed da bus.. SUPPA LATE
lovely day for shooting ... but i'm not.
#DungeonVillage meets expectations! Loved #GamDevStory and #GrandPrixStory. It's only on android evidently.
For example -- there's a "push button" program that creates squeeze pages. Great. But if you don't have any traffic, you're screwed!...
Go hard on his new mixtape!
been going to sleep at 9 lately. without swimming, I really have nothing better to do. so might as well sleep for 10 hours?
"The blue tampons are waay less girlie than the pink ones"
I survived #cruisenight ...heading out on a story
Oh i have no idea. I dont think anybody knows.
actually we close tomorrow until next year
Ah Kelly clarkson
That will go nicely with his movie poster coll. I'll be in Tuesday Very thoughtful and THX!!
well they finally let me go (thank god) but now I'm so tired. /:
hell yea bro
"Don't settle for nothing more than someone you can live with. Settle for nothing less than someone you can't live without."
I love you <U+2665>5
dayyumm its early but looks like a nice hot humid day. off to chicago for some working action.
thank you :)
One of my nails just popped off. TF?! Smh
how pops manages to push that core to the top every yr is beyond me. Can they sustain till POs though is the question.
which convention center are you visiting? I can let you know the distance from the hotel.
Visit to LJ by Johannesburg's lib director gave more insight into just how international library problems, and solutions, can be.
that is a bomb ass clock!
I aint gonna lie HUNGER GAMES was a good movie and it made my chick cry cuz the little that died remind her of our daughter lol
going to the phillies game.
let's get this money
Man dis bartender at pp west maan she is fine as hell she bad wit no make up on
I'll leave you alone as soon as I talk to your lawyer. Quit acting like a female, work shit out like a real man.
thanks and yeah i do, it says your offline
Still on gears marathon!
That one hurts. Caps let it slip away.
Hope everyone had an awesome holiday weekend! We sure did! Book your party today! DM us to inquire about Party packages!!
Congrats on Spiderman musical
I would like be non stop texting him
“Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.” <U+2015> Isaac Asimov
Technically it would be Der Nihilist but the character rejects gender classification, thus becoming Das. Great idea by Emil.
Recovery International Tool of the Day: There are no uncontrollable impulses, only impulses that are not controlled.
#PeopleIWantToMeet all of U-Kiss <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
austin & ally is what the shows called xD
The only stupid question is the question you don't ask.- Unknown
The road to success is always under construction...
s beard is Razorwire, soaked in Charlie sheens Tigers Blood and held together by the souls of all those who voted for him.
my theory is to put those drooling dunce GOPers into that hash together we could make quite a collection !
How to Lose or Gain Weight Blood Sugar Tips Psychetruth Weight Loss amp Nutrition Information - nutrition facts
where you at whore
lemme know, I've got a lot of stuff to sell, too.
Wait, when did people stop saying "fly"???
if by stoopid you mean hott. Then yes, yes I am.
Happy St. Patty's Day to all! Be safe, have fun, and stay Gold!
Ready for the weekend and it's only tuesday!
get rich #like im suppose 2 be
they won thursday...
Surprised this needed saying. Specific instance?
Finally those papers came in!!! *Azontos down TL* Lol!!!
i want a guy that can make me smile when i want to cry my ray of sunshine to the storm
Refined Porsche Boxter E - for electric, makes its debut. Too bad it is half the speed of a Tesla --0-60 in 10 seconds is okay
Pre- #THATCampPenn kibitzing with the unsinkable .
Getting a hair cut(: haha gonna look #fresh ;D
thanks you too!!
I wanna know how might they call us?
Council hearing has begun. Mayor Adams challenges us 2 find another city w/12 measures of success.
shew times 2!!! I love you :)
hey you - shout out to #bigdata and museums from Douglas Hegley at #aam2012. You're so ahead of the game Suse :)
Brooklyn Book Festival happening again this upcoming Sunday.. ^_^
I hate own all acne treatment stuff takes like 45 mins to put all on your face. They lied when they say 3 fast, easy steps!
Be the boat...stay in the boat....
I miss u an my brutha n law
so nasty! Like it would be totally different if they were mildly attractive
Secret IP treaties, evil legislation, copyright terms stretching off beyond the horizon.
2010 is the end of the app. (Web apps instead.) - I wonder what you think of that,
People come into your life for a reason,season,or a lifetime.When you know which one it is,you will know what to do for that person.
RT : "#50Shades is going around like that videotape in The Ring." -
I hooked up my phone to the speakers in the car so I'm blasting Y100!! Omg #SAYSOMETHIN IM SO PUMPED
Big fan. You guys need to bring the show to Louisville for the Derby. It would be fucking epic.
I'm on our team training call right now. Who wants to join me and learn more about the Forever Living business?
yes I love mlm
that's why I like to tie my kids down when I go gansta on their asses.
Damn I just about ran outta Jean Paul Gaultier
You should see Bronson. He is simply brutal in that movie.
#BMS makes everything better. Some things just ruin your night, but , , makes everything better.
the latter
The Silk Tie likes Chris!
I hate when I need to sleep but im not tired...happens way to much to me.
Jessica did better on this song
Preparing for Taoist Herbal beauty & skin workshop! www.ShamanShack.org
I need a vaca. Or Coachella to just hurry up.
girl you know how some bittys are .... Please ;)
ugh..that doesn't sound happy..sorry,everything cool now??
can't Text my phone is off.
why it wen ur in a relationship all u see is happy singles and wen ur single all u see is happy relationships
WTF. Latex man is Tate?!
Possibly going to see Disturbed in February. I hope my dad lets me. It will make me the happiest person alive. Gunna have to keep grades up.
#sometimesiGetSickOf being lonely at night... I wish you could cuddle up with me
You are amazing. is regretting his words.
That would be nice, but they're probably done after Sunday. Hope for 2013! :-)
not exactly behind though lol further up.,,
“: I'm hustlin for 5% status ;)” hahaha if u were the 1st to do it i wouldnt be shocked :-)
man twins and triplets run in mines smh
True Devotion?
BTW, it's two days later and I still don't get this most recent episode of Lost.
Friday should work!!
yea yea i do.
See, their evil plot is working. Instead of talking about foreign aid, Katimavik, and the environment, it's: pennies.
Everybody loves a good deal
Bynum said get off my back high yellow bum nigga
I am sure they ate whatever they found right?
on your way down south for the chili cook off!
Two landscapes by Keith Jacobshagen ('65 design) will be in the "Big Reveal" Sept. 23 at the Kemper Museum - an exhibit of new acquisitions.
I have no idea sweetie
Hi Al, thanks for following me look forward to getting to know you how old are your twins, boys, girls, both?
Laughin so hard my tounge is out an shit
I hope so whorebag
it's looking pretty unlikely.
CNN says Newt is expanding. They're making it too easy.
If you want trouble, I want the same thing!!!
that's ok. I'm gonna make you an offer you can't refuse. My drink.
Pumped to announce to everyone that I accepted the GM position at First order of business is the return of the Stoli Doli!!!
Welcome back Pavel! Congrats on goal #13, unlucky for them, lucky for us!
website under construction until monday for new fall look and lineup SEE MY INK REIGN KING
Today's a day I wish Sammy could text. bored outta my mind on the bus coming home
My goodness! Pot pie for lunch and dinner today! Tried some. So good! you gotta try it.
Come to the Echo, pick the winners, win free pizza & beer!
so happy for you and Steve!!
Starting D302, Innovative Integrations in higher Ed with
YES! NCAA Prez Mark Emmert basically said NCAAM BB is a joke as far as one and dones. glad he's not an idiot about the fact that its a joke
What if people who like The Happening are like Highlander?
omg! Yes
Doc's jealous. Search the NYTimes and let the bullshit artist know what you find.
how big is that's screen?
bench more effective today
Wonderful to meet you last night. Don't ever be shy of TV appearances again. You looked great!
Your mom did drugs while she was pregnant with you.
"Sometimes we're wrong. You're so scared of being wrong, you might miss out on something completely right" Thank you
Listening to some Matt Uelmen in the final minutes...
Bazaar Royale rocked at Arlene's Grocery (paraphrase)"God gave me Rock N Roll Hip Hop and Soul" u have to hear the song, tight!!!
the school gym has a waterslide.
my left contact hates me :(
Get biz license fastest by going in person. Can get it same day! (if you have all other paperwork:)
Really craving right now. Sadly I am in Hershey, PA today.
Day 88 of 100: I am thankful for a great role I got to play. I love her!
:( when are you going home, bb?
#BandsILove The Strokes!
love you!
"Watch the master work it, I am the Yoda of networking."
just worked 8am- 4:30 pm with a hangover.... i think im pretty much invincible to anything now
She put on dat webbie doe
This, then, is a great campaign. MT Zilch for overhead, Peter...Free the Beast will all be spent directly on the art and artists
50 Fresh Dues finally boxed
Went to a good EdSector event on the topic last month. ConnectEDU was heralded as an effort to realign incentives.
Personality is what counts.
Many are visiting in Charlotte. Maybe revise keywords.
Goodnight and :)
#ff the cohost of and sports guru
Game day! takes on the LA Galaxy today at #LSP at 3 p.m.!
yeah i know. I knew he would wet the bed in the WS last year. He just isn't as great as he thinks he is.
I don't hate it. RT : We're also hearing Ducks will target TCU's Gary Patterson.
Awesome! Someone has a fan!
what did u think of adele performance?
Margarita's + yahtzee = family time. I love my grammy !
If it doesn't feel right fuk it!
I'm cleaning it out today!!!! Upgrade for my car? There's always room for improvement
Eat the heart, gain the strength! RT : Too often we forget the ingredient of heart in cooking, today's a good day to remember
That's great to hear! I mainly focus on north Seattle - Wallingford and up, but I work all over Greater Seattle.
I want that hat
Chee, good attitude. You're right, the challenges are great!
I will. Fina go get it now.
Hi Mikey!!!
Kentucky by 6. Ohio state by 4 in OT.
#cheers to the freakin #weekend! go out and reedem those $1 bartab #drinks to make the weekend even more fun!
oof. Timing is everything.
At wooddale graduation
Who wants to see my performance of "Rocket Ride"? New Video Being Posted to Youtube Shortly!
Do you know where one might get an Anne votive candle?
Muslim athletes, just realized 2 of the greatest bball players were Muslim.
Oh , That's where Joe Dirt got the Buffalo Bill crap from.. Lol
Going to get some Ice Cream w/ My Son..
take lots of notes, ill have loys of questions
Lol Hahaha That would be Awesome but yea ironic :] ...., We were planning on going to Disney Land again ..,
do you have household fire extinguishers?
That moment when the power goes out and your heart skips a beat..
oh , yes I miss you Sydney. (:
it was yummy!!
haha went by fast ahah now your gonna be a senior soon
aww, you look so cute in the pictures on FB!
It's so warm here in Florida. It's quite shocking after a week in NYC. There's almost a 50° difference!
That's where I would have been in the 60s
Should just trade hitting coaches with them. Couldn't be any worse.
haha I'm just awesome like that ;)
WIDSIX Offers Quality Video Production Services and Digital Branding for Professional Athletes An excellent online presence is essential fo
Yes :) Tish and Snooky's Manic Panic?
Lady gaga with no makeup on- cover of magazine. Unexpected, but props to her!
Cool... ya, I'd rather be on a set than doing anything else.
You've got Worldwide lovers, <U+2665>
you need a there!
getting ready for work...
come on bubba take it from him
Follow Me? <3333333333
If everyone took their money out of big banks, Chase, etc.and put it into a credit union or small local bank they'd soon occupy Wall Street.
I'm havin' fun watchin' your bad experience finally roll out c:
omg that sounds amazing!
Thanks for the RT (Google Heads up Display Glasses). We appreciate it!
Lesson fa the day.....not everyone is meant to be where u are so.stop tryna carry everybody on ya back. Its ok to live ya own life!
Got my tickets for the show at in January. Looking forward to it!
Oh yeah...
Y my girl Chocolate on Fox 10 News doe lmao. This shud b good :))
Nice half Bucks, I'll take that.
enjoyed the presentation on mobile drupal. Drupalmake.me isn't bad either.
Yoga helps each yogi build a container resilient enough to hold all the joy and suffering life brings...one mindful moment at a time.
I already did! Along with Dreadnaught and Founders Double Trouble on tap.
Listening to SO HEAVY.
Teaching SC: post-test & student self-evals indicated that primary source work was engaging ("I get off on these visits for real!")
A Beautiful Mind
I am a very PROUD Aunt of a Marine! Happy Birthday to the USMC!!
Can't blame a young lady for picking somebody who knows how to live off the land
glad it went well! congrats!
How did your listening party turn out?
my shit got the crazy delay cause i still don't see it
So ready to start work!
I know it's a ballsy call but I think they got this one
Anyone care to make the Moon Maan, Spinners connection?
if those rumors turn out to be true, i wouldn't let anywhere near my dog.
it's been happening for far too long.
Forget about wanting to go all the way I really just wanna
the first coaching mistake ive seen in SEC play. Tell Dykes, WE WANT TO RUN. They are fat. I can't take his dumb ass.
I once saw George Singleton give a reading totally soused. Worked well w/ his stories
Dr. Camerlengo, Gena not her dad, just disagnosed me with something and was correct. I'm really impressed.
I believe all concerns re: acceptable displays of underboob and top butt are governed by the Chocolate & Cheese standard.
My throat is raw. Can't stop sneezing ):
Fall in L<3VE with Brody Jenner 2morrow @ Bull and Bear! He'll be there from 9-11, what a perfect way to kick of Valentine's Day!
one hour to go,, been busy over here ER BUSINESS and business is good
You present a valid point! Hahaha... Especially if you're Ron Weasley :)
Yeah party yeah
can we make I sooner ? ;) lol
Shouldn't be banned, but strangers perusing such photos out of context does seem an odd behavior. Guardian poll?
March of the living -apply now on line!
Having my first ever Rockstar Bagel at Cenote coffee and I totally get it now.
Now that was pretty funny.
I'd like that.
I have a cat a dog a blanket and some scotch..
Yes ma'am
Head over to the #Halfcut shop and pick up some $15 #tees. Use "hcc10" go an additional 10% off!! Help make room for the new line
do a hard reset on the wifi router first (pull power). Then, hard reset iPad (hold home and top button down for 10 sec).
I just saw a guy walk by my client's office wearing a cape. A short cape.
It's been a minute since I've been to the movies with a girl
I do I do, but I think I'll look a bit crazy if I do that by myself
i would love a shopping spree, i mostly just have unifoms lol i need clothes for college X)
Come listen to the Beatles with me
Welcome to a club of losers
Saturday marks the third regular-season meeting between the Galaxy and the Timbers, with the series tied at 1-1-0.
Listening to "up all night" album of one direction, listening to "I Want" Harry's voice in the beginning of I Want...... beautiful
Romey you make me laugh. I'm switching over to your show.
im so proud of, 8 million views in 1 day ? thats freaking AMAZING :) i love you so much. ease follow me ?
Fantastic dinner with two great friends. Filet mignon, potato, salad, hummus, and champagne. Life is good.
yes that's true!
OMG. My senioritis has taken a turn for the worst. Might not make it.
thanks! Fun night! DJs did an awesome job of paying homage to Whitney :)
How do I set a laser printer to stun?
Great choice! Lot of power in that session...should provide a vast number of ideas on how to reach racing fans in 2012.
lol nothing at all just being myself
Just discovered s'mores goldfish
How frequently do you check your account balances?
At sfo airport walking behind cop and drug dog. In cops holster belt; glock, bullets, handcuffs and a rubber ball for the dog....priceless
Did u know we beat the Bears 4 times in 2011?
will always be Alex Cash Money (:
only hope we have now is a walk off.....
Lol I look like today
It is in the quiet stillness that we can find ourselves. Too often we are so busy finding ourselves, that we completely miss where we are.
Pls compare and contrast pre-ascension Daniel to post. In 140 characters of course.
my mom's new favourite song is ''Turn to you'' - me too!
Rodney King: 20 Years Later ----- Can We All Just Get Along? ----- HELL NO!! Civil unrest WILL come to pass yet again!
in a min
My dad is addicted to Xbox again.
check out our new website! www.munchieexpress.moonfruit.com
That light skinned dude on the spurs can hit some threes
I been gettin more money ever since I started caring less
Thanks for the follow, !
One of the big attractions that draws people to Phoenix and the surrounding area are the large number of colleges and universities
Once upon a time there existed true classical republicans who understood the common Good upheld by virtue and values...uncorrupted by money
Vibin out in the Gym to dat Meek Mill !!! Got me wanting to go even harder in here is there even a higher level I can go #workethic is KRAY!
An old guy rolls down window and asks why I have PBO sticker on car. told him he's my man. Guy says you must have job, alot don't- continued
That akward moment when you loose your best friend to a skank...
What are you doing today to make the world a better place?
What a day
I laughed...I cried...I shouted...I was overjoyed. Great story, loved the pacing...the action was good but not excessive.
The jury is seated.
that sounds dirty on twitter, where important you going?
your welcome
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU ILY
every twitter app i download sucks smh
Appreciate the mention.
How come guy teachers are more fun? They also don't get mad and annoyed so easily.
It's so weird...I have NO PROBLEM AT ALL talking to bands when I'm interviewing them...but get me in front of my class and I'm TERRIFIED.
I can't believe we invented a hashtag that the target audience actually uses. And so far has no spamification.
Thanks everyone for an amazing pitch fest!
That awkward moment in class when you start randomly laughing and everyone looks....
There is something so terribly wrong with me
Fighting the urge to say inappropriate things in front of family.
Will do so today - in short though, great event!
Have you texted your Glove vote today? Text READS to 86132 to help us win $10,000!!! Help us to help Indy become 100% literate.
Bosh. That's easy
you keep missing a p
Happy Holidays everyone! Thanks for following us. Stay tuned for a big year of contests and giveaways in 2012!
I just sent out letters to attorneys about a new service for a new revenue stream would you be interested in it?
so bummed i couldn't make it out today! sniff.
Kate, how does it feel,2 be the most Beautiful Woman on the Planet?, & what you think about Kim Kardashian saying she is not U?
on My Day is Made <3
Nice rip by Lopez! If he can continue that he will be on this major league club!
If you're building your hot air balloon, probably best to stop dating people with muskets.
Wishing family members could get a better sense of time. I don't like being rushed!
Well just got back from five oaks and had fun with my grandma seen kattie and brianna and (: Haha this dude was bobbing his head(:
Thank you!!
From Palm Springs poolside to LA traffic is a harsh, harsh reality.
Yes, always do ur best!
You can hear all the Giants fans in SF - Cruz
Beautiful day in the A!!!
Would love to hear what you thought! RT Trying Hope it stands up to the hype.
i ant never had a big homie cuz i dont feel like there no one who is as hard as me
thanks for sharing the knowledge!
Thoroughly enjoying my current location but would love to be at the same time. Still remember attending the inaugural year.
You can get bacterial #STIs more than once, so regular testing is very important.
callux is the one who starts the hate trends. lol you need a life.
Have you ever had an idea for an ice cream flavor that didn't exist? Big treats in for the tweeter with the best flavor idea!!
The Plectrum Artist Series radio program has wrapped up its 2010 schedule and will begin again in February 2011.
always happens with long awaited new releases. D:
thanks MBH for
I can't wait for #TheNorthRemembers to start! Thank god for HBO and The Game of Thrones.
I just made Damien stop the radio station because 1D was playing -_-
Green is like a poor man's Delaney and an homeless Zabe
I can't stand listening to the CBS crew complaining about good uni color
can school just finish already.
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.
Some people in poverty have more sex, because it doesn't cost money to have sex. The other people are focused on money making.
Haters = Money!! & Money = Haters!! So please.. keep it coming AT A FAST PACE!!! Holla @ ya boi doe mann, & lookout for my new track!
Ughh, school tomorrow. -.-
Happy cinco de mayo my party ppl! I look forward to seeing all of you today. Its going to be Bananas!
If you're a beginner learning to play your first piece, it can be frustrating.(cont.)
Advanced search allows you to search by (all) authors affiliation (you could put in a country), but that isnt going to be perfect
i'd love to collaborate - thanks!
Early n long day tomorrow
RT : Hey people that sit on planes not reading, listening to or watching anything: you look like serial killers.
don't act like you don't know who I am lol
aka your fat. Love you.
it's a way to say what you can't say F2F & there's no instant response needed-u can take ur time to think b4 u respond
they won ?
yeah i remember asking you and you telling me you liked timbuk2
UW is conducting a Quit Smoking Study focused on mindfulness & relaxation training which has shown significantly higher abstinence rates!
totally with you on this! Tackling the day with coffee in hand - we got this!
you just lost her, btw
I guess you want me to say Syracuse has the toughest schedule ever...ok...Syracuse has the toughest schedule ever.
Kids who exercise vigorously for 30+ minutes a day lower their risk of heart disease.
I'm putting my two weeks in after school is over. I need a new job!
effing pissed as hell...
sleepin over make house water park tommrow whole ;D
Jack's score from Friday was 665
Can't wait til we start recording!
Am I the only one bothered by the projected obesity rate in 2030? It's alarming!
Nothin better than Mcalisters sweet tea <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
haha funny someone woke up with jokes !
Aww, thanks ! Here's to you!
Morning. Won't be on all day. Cya =)
RT : I have a Dude. It's bad.
YES Mac How have you been-
To the people who say that dance isn't a sport... MY CALVES WILL CRUSH YOU.
Im waiting for them to invent virtuel weights, so you can add yr weight digitaly to yr bar
Just looked up the Camargue Tourism Board website and I think I went blind.
I'm sure the MVP voters consider KG to be too old and dirty for consideration.
Who is your #Derby pick ?
Good Morning John
Tweet Tweet
hope we'll have a chance to get together at scms! i'm here thru sat am.
pretty bad actually. People are saying a lot of other stuff, but what I told you is the only stuff I know for certain is true
Which President dedicated the San Diego County Administration building in 1938?
MF Doom(vats of urine)Elzhi(colors)Organized Konfusion(Equinox)JeanGrae(Taco Day)Phonte(Charity Starts at Home
Look forward to seeing Monday. Her polymelodic vocal and bass interactions are ridiculous. And, I envy that gorgeous natural.
hey um nicole kendaya is against austin lets fight back
Everyone likes a good story, whats yours?
i know rite im gonna go celebrate im so excited cant wait
you're addicted!
So who purchased or received FLOWERS for #MothersDay?
Username & Password with easy opt-in/opt-out or selective social media connections.
#jrcls situations dealing with unjust laws always involve more than the individual. - law v morality panel
RT : Joe Cabral: 62% of revenue in healthcare is spent on Human Capital! Call to arms?
How exciting! I'm sure it will transform your viewer experience. When will you re-launch?
Tune in to Wsupfl.com.. I'm going to be telling you what celebrities are hooking up and breaking up.. Listen from noon to 3pm!! - Crystal
Happy Birthday!! Hope u have a great day! :))
If I'm gonna be honest, I think religion is really stupid.
glad we could bring some humor to your afternoon ;)
sitting on a seat that's are already warm <<
RT : Be a part of the #ContagiousBehavior tonight with & !!!
please tell me if it's working the new link I put
I get to be a hair model today for the blog!
"Steve Jobs" by Walter Isaacson - so inspirational ! Pure passion and perfection - no BS, no compromise - that's the way it should be
&#39;Simpsons&#39; creator: The real Springfield is in Oregon
Look! A circus! And over there! Taco Bell is using Doritos for shells!
#BrewersTuesdayTrivia Randy Wolf
ok :) well we never see each other anymore :P but i guess its just because you are to cool for me :)
when are you guys coming to the NO
Congrats!!! RT : Fuck a Bentley, fuck a Aston Martin, fuck a ghost! I just bought a house..
I can, on occasion, be mean. However, this was definitely not one of those times.
"Lollygagging is a synonym for dilly-dallying" -Uncle Jerry
Jesus/Palin 2012.
is here with us again. You know you want to join us too.
Have Fun GRANDman !! I Hope This Gets A RT =) <3
Suddenly Larry Luchino doesn't seem all that bad?
“: Love your mission! It's about time indeed!” < thanks much!! Let's talk about ways to get you involved!!
What a beautiful church. When was it built?
can't wait for the weekend. Temecula wine tasting and the big 1 year anniversary. Crazy how fast this year has gone by.
if you're cool follow me on instagram: xocarlyn. <U+270C>
can you please follow me before the year is over? Iloveyou<3
One test standing in the way of me packing up my bags and heading to Dallas. FW and Houston tomorrow then CRUISE TIME!
Cost of phone + data service is significant barrier.
going on hour 15 of the grind, want to sleep but these games are god
Oh how I wish that was me
It's Star Wars Day! Celebrate by holding your phone at a 20 deg. angle at eye level and read everything as it scrolls into the distance.
worth repeating wired
Is a kite still a kite if it doesn't have a string? I feel like it becomes its own person then
Texas' IOLTA funds have dropped by 75%.
Waiting in terminal B11 at the Cleveland Airport...like a boss.
Stop in Florida and say hi, anytime . Safe travels. I heart URIV
3 photo shoots coming up, models please contact us if interested.
Got into a cab and said "dirty birds for cocktails!" Forgot i was in Newport beach...
RT : Mayor giving big props at annual meeting! New engineering school and more are huge assets.
The good guys at have $2.50 Miller Lite Tall Boys to go with your burger today!
I remember that Epi! Nice article. Tho my daughter is only 2, I've, more than once mulled over how that convo would go.
Looking forward to seeing Rubio tonight. He's going to be great player.
This sucks got to wait until tomrrow to watch
Welcome Back Big Man!
hate when niggas talk about u in jail
#DearScooterBraun NEEDS TO RELEASE HIS #BELIEVE VIDEO!
hell no!! GO SPURS GO!!
no love? Fail
Russell Wilson's chick is a babe.
My friend saw u at the aquarium! and she got you to say hi to the camera, and she said she did it for me,she knows i love u<33
Yes I think so, enough is enough, twitter is great for quicks back and foths and FB is FB, what's the point of the rest?
Aravind Joshi is amazing - he truly operates on a higher mental level.
I can see myself buying a freakishly low-priced sculpture or artifact that ends up filled with drugs. Hello...Turkish prison.
He is never on my flights :(
Your so dumb Haha
Performance and life tip: Small things are big things when they are done consistently.
I really like my girlfriend. Just saying.
yay. In my calendar on Wed as Hump Renz
haha! I hope you still ate it! Poptarts are a treat not to get wasted. :)
filling out my ballot now...
no ya fool, u really think I'd be serious?? Haha
Foster the people got a weird stoned out look
thanks for the support bro, keep it up :)
The vagina is like a roller coaster: Great to visit, fun to ride, but at the end of the day, you don't want to take care of it.
People with Scensy thingys: If I smell cinnamon rolls, I expect them nearby. It's not fair, what you're doing.
someone got mentioned on tv!
Hows it going everybody?
True colors always come through. wow.
My parents piss me off..
I can't bring myself to do anything school related
My brothers birthday today….is another great day in his memory...HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARVIN!!!
Good morning!
yeah, theres another video. I need to retire.
THIS BULL!!!
Baby I need you.
but what if i win tonight
Thank you. It's wonderful to return. Romania was remarkable.
#Ploop(: word of the day.
Huge piece of chocolate strawberry birthday cake...awesome but I can't finish it...any more and I'm ralphing!
Recent studies correlating SPECIFIC human behaviors with genetic & neurochemical attributes = inspiring & SCARY
But I don't want him for 2B. I want him to upgrade SS.
"How about an essay on kitty cats not having leaves?" "Brilliant" -- Pearson brainstorming session.
Its funny as I sit here. I am nervous about contacting these people to ask them about help. Wonder why that is.Maybe fear of rejection.PUSH
come meet Greg Toler of your AZ Cardinals tonight at Catch 22 watch the game. We'll be raffling cards vs raiders tickets
And more, but yeaah. He didn't even get in trouble. Stupid ass school O__________o
Meant to say if you have question.... not if you have info. WE have info but I am sure you do too. sorry about that tweet
Nice to see two of Eisenhower's guards complaining about working hard during open gym...
Man. Gospel and margs are where it's at.
We hope everyone is having a great Labor Day weekend!
where you workin girl?
"Good luck charlie" is so funny :]
I was so happy the other day when she was online. I feel like I missed my chance to thank her for the love & occasional butt kick
I changed my profile description. That shit's hard to do! But necessary. I can feel myself trying to hard to be funny/honest/cool.
sorry bout yesterday my phone is all f**ked up it still is
Our pleasure.
Thanks, Julie! P.S. I just added you to my MT Twitter list (tweeted it earlier). Still a work in progress! cc:
Odd Thomas is the best character
My mom needs to smoke a blunt or something and chill out , shutuuuup you are a drama queen!
Hitting the next store
PPC is an important part of any search strategy.
Can't wait for MLB 2K12!
Hmm, maybe I stayed a little too late at tonight.
Just got home! haha Getting ready for #WMHS graduation now :)
Rest in peace granny fanny. 99 years is a great long life. You will be missed. Love ya.
I'm taking a HUGE step and applying for another job.
Wake n bake
I believe I make a great candidate for being a tester due to my experience of my years of gaming
Knock-Knock jokes with , , , Brian, Dan and Mr. B on the front of the bus
T minus one hour till M - Friday falls off the face of the earth
Made some major decisions, planning appropriately, then executing said plans.
true but if I make it CLEAR I'm not interested?
I mean when you're bored
Mastering a new single for the multi-talented Joey Stuckey right now. Just finished a cool single for Vicinal called "Alone."
Go you!
This bitch complains so much, please shut the fuck up.
Sweet seeing him for NYE so will put in a word. So which is home and which is work Sydney and Goldcoast ?
you should. We'r VIP'ing u + one :-)
Man you are close. Make sure you take it easy and congrats an many blessings on your bundle of joy. I'll hit y'all when I come down to N ...
Big wins for the company bball team tonight...great to play for a winner
Arrived at the great Choctaw Nation casino. Ready for poker.
Playing at El Cid on October 10th 8pm! That place is awesome and it's all only $5.
I'm always there for everyone else. when is someone gunna be there for me?
totally would but alas, I am in Virginia
Not necessarily. There are no sparkles in Harry Potter or Hunger Games.
Exactly. Any place where the humidity isn't horrible during the summer is FINE with me.
hell yeah
Awesome demos!
Hey Eli, dont be giving me heartaches unnecessarily. But great job taking the GIANTS home. WHOOOWEEEE
#LMSunSIG endicott playing catchup with accessibility, having faculty create script first then transcribe
Yes, totally lame. Also don't like how you can't use more than 1 acct at a time. Even the mobile app allows that.
"I was going to write something about procrastination today, but I'll do that tomorrow instead." Great Work Provocations via
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I used to wear a Starters cap
It is when 6 board members resign
“: See you tonight new york <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>” no
what would infuriate you?
Proud supporter of - Can't wait for the season to start!
Twitter Facebook Twitter
tried yet? Will blow your mind.
#JanoskiansSubscribeToMazziMaz you really deserve them to follow you!
GameAudio101 thanks for following me on Twitter!
Exchange student taking his drivers test in my car...
I just saw when I was taking my lil sis something to rio! :D
Chappaqua and Mt Kisco still recovering from #Irene. Certainly hope that #katia isn't next! Maybe I should have saved that dry ice! Oh no...
Hopefully the FAA doesn't follow you on Twitter.
Ditto--it's just too damn nice out! RT The resistance is winning today. give me a swift kick back to writing desk?
Yeah, that was beyond gross, Greg. You should know better. #where'smomoftheyearwhenyouneedher?
Love ya ,but I think Tracy just told a bad joke. Somewhere Michael Richards is probably smiling.
I need 2 pick up my 15 yr old niece on Sat. She's flying alone but not as an unaccompanied minor. What's the best way 2 pick her up?
ooh hon i have done this many times
Crack is Wack kids.
You ever clean your floors and wonder how the hell pubes could end up all over the place? Do I sleep strip? Can't figure it out.
That's the plan. RT : at on ESPN3 tonight. Can the road teams keep winning this weekend?
How does Monday mid-late afternoon look? Any slots after 3? I'll be on the Northside at appointments until then.
PWEAZE COOL COME ON BEFORE I HARRAS U
Probably not. Ignorance is bliss.
Im creating a website EVERYONE LOOK FOWARD TO IT!!
Nate McMilian, Phil Jackson, Jeff Van Gundy
Yuck to the dykes that try to do the homeboy look & spit like one and to the coworker that carries her junk in a Hefty bag
She's got broken things where her heart should be.
21 I bet I change but for now miss me with the I need a man cuz he is not I and I am not him
Let's work together to make San Antonio a Live Music Community to be reckoned with. Why not?
uhh that's not good :-(
Getting ready to board my flight to tomorrow land. It still surprises me that LAS is now home.
:o get some food!!
Love the song!!!!! Great job fam!!!
I had a dream that I met last night. It felt so real. :(
Tonight's homework: Flatbush Zombies
any time during the day friend? late afternoon is just not working for me…
All Andover consists of is dumb bitches and inherently repellent personalities.
Thx for all the great exposure at yesterday's #ACGPHL breakfast meeting!
B dubs at ten at night #HelloGoodLife :)
I intend to win it.
screw Christina...you owned that song. Nice work brother
Clean up on lane 1!
Seeking a #webdeveloper to assist with our #website. Please send us an email at
Tuesdays are kind of like turning 20 it's a new day but it's just kind of in the way.
To develop your intellect, question everything.
A beautiful-sounding #cccc12 panel on rhetoric and choral arts is at the same time as a music panel with Rice, Rice, Sirc, and Rickert. Sad.
i love your smile <3 you are truly flawless(:
I don't play the cello or the guitar. It's called a bass.
WERE AT 200 FOLLOWERS! THANK YOU! :D.
It sucks when you like someone but you know nothings ever going to happen between you two.
- love it
are you sure? I can't tell!!<U+E105>
proceeds from today`s event to benefit jefferson area CHIP
EVERYTHING IS SO GREEN! AND IT'S RAINING!
Thank you for the beautiful walk last Saturday morning in San Francisco! I'm looking forward to connecting again at the Muse.
RT Urgent! we need you to respond now with a 1time Re-Tweet for a Trayvon Martin Law! Please Re-Tweet Now! Thanks
Good Morning #Tweethearts !
Joe will also be doing a live chat on Friday at 5pm Central (3pm PST/ 6pm EST) on Cambio answering questions and talking to fans.
My NYR is to be mindful that we only have "one wild and precious life," and to act accordingly. (Mary Oliver).
Rotate your tires & periodically check them for uneven wear. Exact alignment saves both gas & tires.
It's Grave Digger!
wow but when i found out Bella & Lorena didnt like eachother... >>>> the FUNNIEST shit
you subbed for me yesterday, it took two of you to handle it.
What do you mean "How does it work?"
It's 's birthday! Wish that nigga a happy birthday.
geneva, driving down to you starting tomorrow
's dying to try new location. Haven't yet.
should totally air JUMPOFF Mix!!(:
lol ik, I was like who is this person then I clicked on your avi. haha I feel like a grandpa man
It's not fair how he guessed my surprise :(
where are you from in Indiana?
My pleasure! Well, kinda.
George filed the official papers today with the San Diego County Registrar of Voters to run for Judge, Office 25. Press release issued!
I need a workout partner. Time to start lifting weights again.
whats up people???
gotta start getting ready for work.....
don't worry, I quit a while ago <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
“: Kanye West greatest album?” Graduation. Hands down.
sitting alone in the office. rendering art videos for tomorrow eve.
Intense storms are like music to my ears! #lightening best #skyshow ever!
i have to start tweeting more, this is tough.
At the ER! Worst ear infection ever....
Guests-- 50 searches/day, dropped number until 10 when everyone screamed (right number!) Full access requires contribution.
Bill Clinton visited the set of HANGOVER 2 in Bangkok. Sources said he filmed a cameo, but he was just there for the massages
Arroyo got lucky there:) lets get some hits!
RT : In honor of Ron Artest, I'm gonna change my name to "Cure For AIDS" then run around injecting people with AIDS.
i thought it was me RT : Yo did I jinx this fool when I tweeted him to come to LA? Are the Angels really THAT bad????????
Our thoughts and well-wishes to the people of Japan and anyone affected by this terrible disaster. Stay strong
but..but..MLG only comes once a month :P
Are you OK? Some speculated you were playing with an injured toe.
It's like in OB, no matter what happens, the second that baby's head crowns everybody starts to panic.
love that song SEX by Ginuwine
#cara student Michelle T. secured a position as a Pharmacy Tech ! 45 of 310!!!
That voice you thought you gave me...hmmp
those were the days
Top of the morning 2 everyone! From today on: Be Your OWN Boss! Follow ----> ! Get your business/band/brand noticed!
Just got out of church, now at Dunkin Dunuts
Welcome new followers!
Who in the hell ate the rest of my birthday cake?????
www.youtube.com/Nevedomsky please subscribe :)
good deal. & yea the girls nowadays lol
It's Okay Don't Worry!
So where u all at
Just tried to iron my shirt. With a hair straightener. While i was still wearing it.
Love the new profile pic! Got any other pics from that shoot to share?
welp... looks like symbiosis is a go!
Thanks man, thats awesome! You're the first person across the pond getting some Turmoil, pick out any shirt from our store!
PS: have you noticed that since you started working 24/7 and stopped having fun you've been nothing but sick?!
Wow I seriously slept till 3 today. Anybody that knows me, knows that's a rare thing. Guess that's proof this wknd was Awesome!
He's hot and totally not awkward......<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> But I love him!! Haha
Everything my campaign raises / spends will be in my FEC report. I have no affiliation with the other PAC's.
I was named after Nia Long .
OMFG THATS GOOD I WANT THAT! I'm totally fangirling ;o
Although they cut their output forecast, the Fed still expects a noticeable GDP improvement in 2011 from 2010.
I am confused, PaintCode seems to be a great app but, a lot of criticism about the demo version on Twitter yesterday.
I just added Bittersweet to my library order for two high school libraries. Can't wait to read it!
Welcome to Twitter!
Thank you for the RT, Mike :)
“: here's to the kids who always wait until their phone has 1% of battery to charge it.”
or if the rain chills out. If not, kegerator. RT what are you guys up to tonight?
Give it up for drunken hot girls! Am I right?
<3 <3 <3 #happynationalbestfriendday to you! Don't know what i would do without you!
I've been released from the hospital after a wreck today with just a few staples on my head. Grateful to be alive!
I swear it wasn't on there. I must be losing it. Lol. Score on Saturday. Got it!
I'm enjoying the beautiful scene as I sip my tea.-beautiful feeling
party. Freaking at how good this guy is. stage on sixth has the best sound of every venue in Austin.
Where will the headquarters of the DPLA be? Not Cambridge, not D.C. How much does the location matter?
#MD House Maj leader says families earning $250k taxes will go up $6.50 a week for excellent schools, reasonable tuition & police protection
i can't believe i am going to school tomorrow and its going to be 87 degrees out!
ya wanna putcha name on it
Just had an awesome dinner with at #cheesecakefactory ! #HappyEaster !
Too bad people don't like me...
Hey! Plz follow ! Trying to get enough followers to be the best USA site for Drew and Brandon. Thank you!
Well. Yes.
Absolutely. RT : Make everything count today because today is your day that everything go's right.
aw babygirl I <3 you wit da whole 1, I can't wait till I can hang wit yuh again
": going to check out site and seeing sumthin cute... then realizing its sold out <<<< lol" aw man.
If you're just gonna be an asshole when I'm tryna be cute with you like we used to be, fuck it, imma leave.
SO... EXCITED to see you! :)
"Say Yay, Say Yay ,dont we do this every Day Day?! "-
Miss Miracle 2011 Pageant is on June 12th! The entry fee is $65 for the pageant or $100 (including all optionals)- ALL proceeds do to CMNH!
Thanks! Does your blog and tweet book come in iBooks format?
Good ol' fashioned manual labor Does a body good!
RT @ @ DESTINYDIXON LOL hi mama!! I love you n miss you! Let's skype 2morrow k?
Can't wait to see mine!! RT : Working on custom badges today...Who else wants one?
Nice comeback by the Celtics...now close this one out!
My first twit, how does this all work?
Sold out. Thanks for a great week SF!
Follow me on Instagram
New in Nightlife: just announced they will host the official Flo Rida concert after party on Friday, May 11.
Oh God, what a picture. :)
After the pledge of allegiance this morning in my 1st period, me and everyone said "Amen" lol!! =D
Rob wrote tonight's SIMPSONS episode--so if you get sick of the Grammys, watch it!
I might do that. TA hands out participation points cuz mosta these kids refuse to study for 10 secs. Then they cry bout it.
ahaha yeah but I kinda don't want it to end cuz I have to much fun :/
be happy you ran... I was conservative w/ my time at registration; next year I will give myself more credit & move up a corral.
good to see going strong!
You guys are wimps. I sometimes bike in floor length skirts.
I've been awake for an hour. That's about 2 hours of sleep. Ugh! Insomnia. Why.
taking a walk, the California sunshine helps me clear my head!
JUST FOLLOW ME ALREADY PLEASE
": Wtf why do I have cramps!!" Um...time of the month?. Lol
No sleep again. *sigh* oh well.
was thinking that earlier! A 1/999 is not a 1/1 ...listings should be pulled
Rush Limbaugh apologized to student Sandra Fluke cuz it would hurt his pocket. I doubt if advertisers didn't pull out. He always (cont)
Miss. Congeniality! aka !! Congrats and great job girl!!! :D
“: @ had to bring the booty shake to New York... I'm respected now!!! Putting in work
Quote by In These Times describing political wins of Corporate Ag: "the politics of the food system are spoiled rotten"
Yoko Knowing you still live in the city How do you feel leaving the hotel every day knowing what happend there My heart goes out to you
Nothing like a audition w/ required dance moves in the morning :)
Thank you to all my new followers for being true
congratulations! Hope the result is tasty. What style did you go for?
You must be very persuasive. Nicely done.
Running along the streets of San Francisco this morning - new sites
yeap..out of the ordinary i guess
All I wanted was a decaf soy latte this morning...grrrrrr.
No I really have some good friends, I was just being facetious... lol your concern tells me u are a great friend tho lol
Plumbing, electrical, sheet rock, tile, concrete, etc. We have it all on trade through the barter exchange!
So Amy Winehouse's dad said she died of a seizure from alcohol detox...hm not sure about this one.
Will be covering Victoria Tea Party today at Ted Reed Park. Stay tuned for more.
I have one qotsa ticket for tonight available.
Thanks for the RT
Rode the Harley to and from work tonight! (it's my 1st ride at night)
Smashin some chocolate covered marshmallows
You're only limited by your own imagination! And money. And talent. And genetics. And time. And other people. Go for it!
I know, my mom tuned to the channel that's why I started to recall all those lost memories ^_^
yep, that seriously made me smile! A stepping stone on the 21st century path.
T-Minus 24 Hours till Vacation. 1. Crater Lake, 2. Sacrament 3. Santa Rosa 4. San Francisco 5. St. Helena/Napa & 101 back up.
Omg, so am I. And it is indeed a much needed respite from the world.
"I'm here to talk to you about The Avengers Initiative."
Soo glad my supervisor has my back. & her twin brother.
omg! too funny! i think we need a spoof of #portlandia spoofing portland!
Happy "I cant believe Nate's put up with you for three years" da...I mean, Happy anniversary! :p
Nothing says merry christmas like wonton and dumplings
24-hour news cycle sensationalism = Joe Paterno taking more heat than a child rapist. Literally.
Haha lucky me, got a RT from Ms.
what up my dude
what are you doing? LOL
Boyz II Men On A Mission
ha bird i just did the same thing, i felt kinda silly.
yes. I should be at Rebecca's no later than 6 that should give us plenty of time.
The reason CoD is dieing/has that chance is cause of the guarantee a new one will come ever year.No ambition to keep it alive
my daughter was @ your bookbag give away thanks for the gifts she's been beggin 2 see a picture she took with u
Thanks Emily!
Spelling is for amateurs. Gay jokes are for Republicans. and Buzz Lite is for champions.
It's a sin to stick it in and a shame to take it out.
Hall discussing who the PM would be was hilarious "whmmml.... growl"
About to watch the game. Got with me. We can do this!
What's with Steve Nash licking his fingers every time the clock stops?
did you have a similar experience? I can look up my old notes and get you in touch. send me your info:
Day drinking. Hobby? Yep.
yes. Adult version.
I lost a lot of followers :/
I'm in the Wilbur theater waiting for & they're playing Rockstar!!!!
I Demand RESPECT !!! I don't care who the Fuck it is and I won't settle for LESS !
thanks for the rt jordan!
Thanks for stopping by! Looking forward to seeing you again!
“: Man happy birthday to my big headed sis I love you”lol love u too little head
time for you to follow
Happy Groundhog Day! LIKE this post if you're hoping for a shorter winter.
please follow me back!
Wasn't that a neat story?
Im not tired. Time doesnt phase me. This is when i needSomebody to stay up as long as mee.
Pretty Little Liars is on tonight!!!! <3
wishful thinking - go Heat!!!
In a really good mood today .(:
Did anyone in Vegas attend Staind's show at Sunset Station? I'm trying to remember the name of their encore song....
Just half an hour before we open! Come by and see us today from 11am to 6pm!
Yay! Sherry wins!!! Ooh, and John...a very close runner up! Welcome both of you!!! OK, here it comes...
Driving on Long Island listening to the Violent Femmes is making me awfully nostalgic.
Somebody come feed me tho
If that follow button is white! Click it to x what color it will be ^.^
Those who have read GoT: how is HBO handling? Are they rushing through it? Or is season 1 book 1?
Just saw the moped gang of about 150 fratters ripping the streets of Fayetteville AR. Looked like a bunch of killers to me.
Happy birthday to my little sister love love love you to pieces!
Look out for 12 Round Management soon
#Boyfriend video today!
There are too many things to be stressed out about.
NBC pilot starring Phylicia Rashad shooting in town An NBC pilot called “Do No Harm” shot along Summit Street in Chestnut Hill today. The
I don't listen 2 4 the lyrics ... I listen strictly 4 the beats!!!
Lovely to meet you! And thx to for connecting us. Makes me remember why I <3 Twitter :)
Just did yoga in the pool. Combine 2 of my faves--water and yoga always make me feel GR8, positively changes my energy.
thanks for the bday wish
Ugh. I'm really getting sick of all the politicalness on facebook and twitter. Time to start hiding and in following.
Phone is about to die, Gnite y'all
Thanks for the order! RT : looking forward to the 3 tees I just ordered, including the #SuperBowl #XLVI tee!
Hey ! How is that little baby of yours? =)
Congrats on your graduation Kelley!
President Fry is introducing Judith Rodin as his mentor
omg my phone screen just broke GREEAT.
I don't get PBS? WTF?!? I'm gonna punch my TV in the balls. I need Sherlock.
Cureton: #1 "if we don't work on it, it will die". #2 "then let's kill it now so we're done and we can move on". I love it!
Sign me up. RT : would you join a sharpie-a-month club (get a cool pack of colors)?
This should be VERY interesting. Keep in touch Adam.
Medea races away into the heavens on a chariot in Euripides's play....
Thank you for following.
“: so sad you are completely booked on the 15th! Now where do we stay? ” I'm so sad :( Please advise
I've got Cyrus Virus! RT if you have it too.
they have a nandos in DC... Wanna go before your gig on Friday? :)
Chivalry: A male invention to make themselves look like nice guys while checking out your ass as you walk through the door 1st.
Jay Giesen from Brunner discussing the Digital Revolution.
Doing Baal runs for my bros Diablo 2 account. It makes me feel 13 again.
well think of something or someone else.
Sounds heavenly. Are strawberries in yet?
watching "Jayne Eyre" and eating grapes
no. my mom is getting sumfin for my grandma. & im trying to get my mom to get a pool
There's something about the holidays that being out the best in people. If only people could behave this way year round.
dinner and a movie with mom. on valentine's day. just like last year. because i'm 31 and single and AWESOME.
Oh I see!! I like reading your tweets! Gotta love a girl who loves baseball!!!
Google Art: Not only can we view the painting in detail, but we can also examine to condition of the painting as well
See you there :)
Awee who is it?! :') <3 RT : Dear , someone loves you <U+2665>
Heard through the grapevine that the building where the Comet is, is up for sale. THAT would be the spot for an Ace/Doug Fir.
We will be open this Labor Day! Brunch from 10 am-3pm & our Market will b open from 8am-3pm. Join us!!!
Get it girl!
ikr..yep i saw ya lookin like a video vixen lol..the video was great doe!! rt forever! Lol did u watch the video
thanks for the follow. We love your playing and the new album!
It's been too long, getting the itch. anyone got any suggestions where we can do another UpLate taping? Help us get to more fans too!
ohh coo . i want cereal .
Twitter newbie here
Happy Cinco de Mayo, folks!
30 more minutes and I'm "hitting the hay" for the night!
People who don't answer texts or tweets but when they need something, you can't breathe before they reply to you <<<
Why coyotes? What do you do with them?
Loved the Indy cars with all the NFL teams.
Just had the most awkward moment with my mom right now omfg .-.
If I look too serious, that's because I'm working on physics engines.
Seriously! Don't propagate this shit. Obviously the man is dying. Let him have his peace.
I like the idea of Brandon Lloyd reuniting with Josh McDaniels. Maybe Eddie Royal will come too. Definitely need long threat!
The Craft Brewers Conference is getting under way in San Diego today. #CBC12 for tons of interesting news bits.
After a visit to the beach, it's hard to believe that we live in a material world-Pam Shaw
but if we inv him, we can cut off his tail and fry it
LOL. He is just a piece of work.
i got the moves like jagger
PEOPLE IN DA PLACE, IF YOU WANNA GET DOWN, PUT YAH HANDS IN DEE AIR.
In TexASS, we always bring it!
Worst birthday weekend ever...
I don't mean to jinx you...but 'tis the season ...
Each time you eat, you create an environment for oral bacteria to develop
i know omg i didn't have the chance to go to one of the shows
Why are you an actor? Do you know? Exactly? In 10 words? Figure it out.
Be a happier person this week: (1) visit a neighbor, (2) do something good anonymously, and (3) write & post 3 personal goals.
Screenwriters are people too.
Aww man, someone in the office drank my orange juice! Had my name on it and everything. What a disappointing start to the day
Fired up a web server — mongrel — and now installing a scaffold for Posts.
Yay! Also... Have you been tanning yet today? Lol
nah, I have to work tomorrow.
Happy Hunger Games Week(: and may the odds be ever in your favor</3
Yeah I'm not leaving Dallas at all.
“: Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished. ~ Lao Tzu”
indeed it is
One man's junk is another man's junk. GET RID OF IT! Schedule us today.
President says Ryan Budget "makes the Contract with America look like the New Deal"
i love you! follow me please? :) <U+2665>
Hanuman by Rodrigo y Gabriela is like fireworks in my brain.
ugh could my day be any worse? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
"Food and Sustainability" Farm to Table featuring leaders in food sustainability ...
Stamped Concrete Patios Atlanta's Best www.ConcreteGeorgia.com 770-380-5277 Serving All Of North Ga $8.50 a sf SPECIAL
Are one if your partners available to complete the work you haven't been able to finish in over 5 months?
U felt that shit out of my house lmao
so today I: 1- read To Kill A Mockingbird for 8 hours & 2- ... that's it.... what an exciting day -____-
Looked at all my financial aid and loans for college and realized that I don't want to grow up.
I've personally watched 's 'I Believe I Can Fly' 14 times today...., I'm addicted.
It's good, dirty and kind of f-ed up. It messed with KY head a bit RT Heard lots of good things about '50 shades of grey'
Productive weekend fam Finished about 3 tracks...
Today’s open house is not far from where I grew up. Perhaps I’ll drive past my childhood home to see if it still looks the same.
#INFO #news #work now through April all sessions over $100.00 received free printing. Must have thus tweet or email to be eligible. Gafp
beautiful day in nyc! hope spring is finally here;)the thompton hotel for dj vinlya and after to juliet....
OH: "I'm still catching up on what the f*ck Pinterest is." -
Obama evolved...
Portlander struggles to find time for his career, after realizing that looking totally rad is a full-time job.
Free scoliosis screening this Sat. Sponsored by Minimally Invasive Spine Institute. Spread the word.
What is your favorite #study #music? Good luck with #finals!
ill make a bet right now. if the #Packers and #Ravens play in SB and the Ravens win. ill decorate my car in purple and black
based on the impact they make anyways
Speaking of "civil courage," I appreciated yours in the this am. Couldn't find it on the website to link to.
Positively bursting with excitement to see Pina 3D tonight in Baltimore
Jolly good Irish red, my good man
I just offered to let my kids take their ice cream upstairs to eat while reading in bed so that I can watch Game of Thrones.
ya boy bout to be up on this instagram
To have true freedom you must be rich.
I don't see the problem everyone has with revealing costumes..?
's Good Deeds movie was amazing!
#SanFrancisco loves you ! Bring it home girl! , #TheVoice,
Major fundraiser for the President at Tyler Perry's home tonight... $35,000 per ticket...
Don't forget TONIGHT Kimmel 10th Floor from 6PM - 9PM #TheHalls Event! See you there.
You say none of the guys like me, but remind me again, why are you dating? Exactally!
glad you liked the fencing today
Pack up my apartment or watch maury? I pick maury.
Responded to FIRE @ 485 W. Central Ave, Monsey, NY 10977. Red Cross auto update.
Being one of the guys with my dad, brother-in-law and nephew. No drama at all, this is why they're my favorites.
“: The tragedy of Anderson Varejao is that half of his career contributions never appear in the box score. <Nor his hair.
New driving license :-)
Thank u for the support! : thank you! I go to the one in Tivoli Village almost every weekend!
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
Aw little Elen is such a good friend. >.< My cousin did that for me when some fell on my hair, I don't think I could..
get well soon! I stopped by with your other "dad" see you yesterday. :)
Try this, www.twitter.com/history_repeats, www.myspace.com/historyrepeats, www.facebook.com/#/pages/History-Repeats/137814635494?ref=ts
Book extract: Brooke Magnanti on the porn wars An extract from Brooke Magnanti's new book, The Sex Myth.
its the little things in life - like functioning door handles and new light bulbs - that make me happy. hooray landlord daddy!
Why burn Gallardo if you are assuming a game 5?...they habe gallardo game 5 if need be and Zack in game 1 now
I love knowing when I'm right
"What Are You?" Kip Fulbeck in 15 minutes!
thanks for the shout-out jason!
haha! Fantastic Saturday Afternoons! :D :(
I guess that means you'll have to eat breakfast for dinner tonight.
Aloha, glad to have you here!
that was corny : /
Finally got a day off on three weeks! Going to rehearsal for some rad stuff I'm doing this summer. Can't wait to share with you all! Xoxo <U+2665>
Old School. Vince Vaughn
Four days until recess.
I just busted out laughing infront of EVERYbody. Hahahahahahahhaa! YOURE SO FUNNY.(;
(cont) tupperware, economic crisis music, Justin Bieber's kids, pepto bismol shots, an asian store, snuggie cult...
Curious to see what my Facebook pre-IPO shares will be worth on Friday. Good times! Mo money mo money!
The final concurrent session at Faculty Academy begins!
Was just reminded by that today's Bikram yoga class is 90 min. not the 60 I was thinking. A new panic has set in.
On behalf of white trailer trash everywhere we will not take these insults lying down. Reclined perhaps though.
Hey , you should declare Free Comic Book Day a national holiday.
I'm hoping! Cheers!
Can't believe it's our last full day in Kauai. Gotta make the most of this time before we fly out tomorrow!
Mom needs to hurry up with these tacos.!
aw, too bad I'm not up in Los Angeles for that... Sounds insightful!
i love you and i will and forever be a fan! <3 sending my love from the philippines!
Fun school. I've done some work there. Parents very supportive
YOUR FUTURE: I'm DYING to know what you are going to say when the call comes. Practice on a banana, or a piece of corn. Ring, ring - hello?
the part DeMaio called "the black hole" a few minutes ago
Hello Bella :)
Lets go nuggets!!!
on the phone and on skype so skype me @ mz.nia3 and add me on facebook Cannon
GiveObamaCreditFor... Republican attacks about him taking credit for Bin Ladans death. I'ld fired my press guy for that foot in mouth gaff.
Thanks so much David...making the "Drums Daily" made my Day!
This week went by fast!!
some girl just asked me to go to a semi formal with her, wtf?
Last night went to my high school football game and JV and Varsity won. WHO Today cant wait for my party
of course I will
no gentlemen?
first day on set. third department of show so far.
What a shock the NBA made a mistake that allowed a big market team to advance over a small market team.
Have I really been absent so long? Twitter is different! When did that happen?
lol @ rast saying "WHO TRAPPED WHO" when he flops the stones and donk bets into phil who happens to have a flopped oesd+fd lolol
Watching a presentation on Baltimore and fighting the urge to ask as many Wire questions as possible.
listening to his music is how i feel today
Legit Online Jobs
yeah, grew up on wfan. i prayed to the holy lord tebow last year for a better qb and... i'd say He smote me.
Such a hard question!! Can I say both??
It's definitely been discussed. The ads we left on the cutting room floor are the real jewels of the campaign.
Happy New Year everyone!
Yea man looking forward to it
Bwahahahaha --> RT : Gopher fans chant "Where's your logo?" at UND... not bad.
Chosen to speak at CLE Int'l. seminar on "Negotiating Leases: Adapting to the Changing Economy" - Houston, Jan 25-26; SA, Jan 28-29
Don't play with fire, cause you will get burned.
": I hate how you can tell how recently I've masturbated based on how far back my iphone's safari history goes"
Actual life and death...I got over that
Why buy a sports car if you're going to drive it like a family van?
Really! Disgusting¡ I just threw up N my mouth a lil bit!
Happy Birthday!!
Thanks for the mention!! Definitely a great list of Tweeps to follow :-)
ready...i have a gift i need to buy and somehow hide...lol
hot girls we have problms to. Were just like you. Except were hot. "Hot Problems"
I had no idea you were a rocket scientist,
Lakefront freezing my ass off
There are 3 female officers on board, a medical doctor, auxillary machinery ofcr, damage control ofcr
LOL I hate when people take credit for something that's not theirs. Terrible.
Getting ready for Ejhs(:
Super productive day today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years! Support the socks off it!!!
If it's already paid in full, Then why is it always A.O.D (Acceptance [of Jesus as your lord & savior] on Death)?
*news media ignore....
#WorldAidsDay Get tested. Know your status. Protect yourself and your loved ones. Talk to your kids. We can stop the spread of
listened to Bloom twice since the last tweet. Two thumbs up!
can you help me find a dress?
look out your window
heading to vegas in a couple hours. Would love to grab a drink w/ you.
Que buena noche' ... All the hard work paid off!!!!
#cnndialogues there is a double standard in Bahrain...not enough attention paid to them....
seems to be a lot of that going around... Must be the season!
is getting ready for the family campout at Sherando.
KEEYAH! (That's a karate chop)
I'll know I have a problem when I hit cup number 4.
RT : It's a good thing I got a text last night, otherwise I wouldn't have known I needed to be in cincinnati by 2pm today...
SIX days left to register for the JPA 5k in Grant Park! Visit www.juvenile.org & help support JPA's mission to protect children from abuse!
guess ya dont have work today.
roughing? R u kidding me. Bad call. Dallas loves
It looks like the great Coach Summitt is stepping away from the game. She had a great career and was a great coach
Going for the sweep tonight. I believe!
Nobody liked it when I was proud of my stories and my characters, so now I am going to talk more shit than you will even believe
everything will be alright!
Today has been an amazingly day(: he's amazing<3 And I love you ((:
It Happens To Me Alot o; , Naa . iPhone
TY Glad to connect. Looks like we have lots in common (U may need to school me bout zombies). Lk forward to tweeting w/ you.
I'm sorry .
Just got text (spam!) claiming I've won a prize from ??
my sister says the same thing to me. Just cause we are 21 now doesn't mean we are alcoholics!
jagoda, my cute wife .$ how you doing ?
Our milk stout goes on tap tomorrow! Stop in for a milk stout mustache :-)
I HATE when girls are like "ima so wifey i will roll your blunts for you" stfu you dont even smoke!!!
Mr Weenie says "STOP COMPLAINING ABOUT THE FREE AV" :)
Right back at ya!
I need to speak to someone about my mother's phone bill. Will someone please contact me.
You da man, Trevor.
Yeah, haters will say he choked in this game even though Wade choked WAY MORE in the final minutes of this game.
I am so jealous!! Me and my wife will be looking for u guys!
"That wasn't my hat." *snickers*
Off the Mississippi tomorrow! Thank the Lord!
I went with my Mexican gut and am at Dos Rios. Couldn't find the place but must be on top of it.
omg now your being indecisive lady... Let's just do it!!
You are Very welcome, Adam! Any tips on how someone should go about hosting a Travel Channel Show? Thanks. Do well Always! :)
great interview w/ McCabe today. I am helping Grose/McCabe on their Saturday show.
and WOMEN! :)
Atleast we are back to the top of the order in the 9th.. we can still get this one I have faith Let's Go O's
has a new Parent Handbook available to help parents prepare their children for Kindergarten
We'll help you get your move on. Hey! Just noticed has vans now, thats pretty handy!
So I need some more followers I'm all over Facebook its time to start tweetin
Kids at work today what a hoot got some great sound!
Marketing Metrics: What to Measure in Marketing Part II - Website Metrics
Words are flowing out like endless rain into a paper cup...
great. I'm going to try to make it after sons soccer game. They are young so they might be overwhelmed but think it's cool
Or #Caps fans how's this. Horn horn horn OBAMA! Horn horn horn OBAMA!
Jus got done with practice
just livin the dream Jake! Too much fun here in #sandiego for sure! Howzit with you?
What a bizarre plot, having Zac Efron hook up with his mom in The Lucky One.
Im watching Fred Hammond perform now and his band is awesome....
What's goin down in tha CO
Tacos or puppies. You can only choose one.
AW, i went in the circle pit with le big scary men.. almost shit my pants.
To quote Snake from The Simpsons 'Oh No........COPS!' which means it's me time to become Rachel's scatching post....
he might be at suite at home games, I know he not traveling n he shouldn't. Let him stay home n heal up
Ziggler Sizzles, Henry Fizzles
Read a book
this is rach!
No ones gonna stop me you'll see I will go far
next diss chp: Arctic expeditions after completion; how members-Inuit, explorers, scientists-shaped Arctic life and ideas about it in 1920s
so when your kid grows up do you tell them how you got famous by being a drunk mess on the beach?
#AGuyShould know how to drive a stick shift. After all, it is called a MANual.
hahaha! thanks, babe. nice seeing you!! :)
My head hurts. I'm too tired for this dinner.
Habitat Meeting in 15 minutes in the Admin Room 314A
Thanks, seems to be okay now. I guess we'll let you know tomorrow if it didn't! :)
In the self governing organization, trust is the hierarchy.
Sliders & Beers will bring some Cheers!
You're right. is a little too limiting
same to you brother from another mother
RT if you have less than 2000 followers. Just follow & watch your follower count rise. No joke.
Was it a Titanic story that made you react to the "she" boat thing? I've been thinking that same thing all week!
sure thing. X
Vernon Fisher - Classical Guitarist, Solo Guitarist and Pianists, Guitar and Bass Duos, Two to nine piece Swing Bands www.vernonfischer.com
I can't wait to use this in my classroom-thanks!
white vs. black iPhone... I had the black before & liked it, I just worry the white will get dirty and look gross. thoughts, tweethearts?
I love when I actually enjoy text message conversations. Thank God for people who actually know how to act like a human being
Coming to an ad near you... RT The Democrat Majority Leader just said that voting on budgets is a waste of the Senate's time.
I may have single-handedly moved Skrillex and LMFAO to the top five listened-to tracks on the website.
Nashville rocks
Major headaches tonight with FCP X. Trying to move trailer of into FCP 7 to export OMF. Using Xto7.
Go to recycle bin, select all right mouse and restore, RT : Find or un-delete the Recycle Bin on #Windows #Vista?
I HATE that i let you down.
I'm starting to wonder if we can trade this for Speech credits...
Be easy on the eyes:) Grate(dont slice) cucumbers, wrap in cheesecloth, and put on ur eyes. Grating releases more antioxidants than slicing!
Just finished #walkingdead. My mind is blown.
ITS ON!!! SEASON FINALE OF CASTLE!!!!!!
Happy 4th of July, Long Beach!
#frontline is such a fascinating program. What a nerd I have become!
a drink lol
I agree good music
RT : Dear World: Viral is a possibility, not a strategy.
I don't see anything cute about typing l!k3 +h!$.
Dear , "Copy With Reference" is one of the greatest things ever invented. Thanks! Love, Me in #LawSchool paper-writing mode.
RT if you want a #SHOUTOUT - Must be following
:) i ddnt get ya mention til like 3 this morning
Considering digitization of culture as a civilizational task and could be considered the challenge of our generation. Ben Vershbow #web wise
Does all the recent rain (or mid-terms) have you feeling drained? Swing past the Q with a friend and recharge with some Stumptown espresso!
at my Job.. Krogers
Apparently you cannot hashtag numbers
Georgetown council member Bonnie Skinner wthdraws from race to focus on family; plans to fulfill current term
ayyy just get ready to see some curves lol..... yo i needa finish this paper. smh. (twitter=major distraction)
iso conference room (~15ppl+) in SF for next Mon eve (5-8pm) to use for internal meet-up. can we use your conference room?
Jack in the box tacos + Girlfriend + Zomebieland= <3
Just came back from a whole day of
RT : myself starting a sports management co..what should we name it?
DARN Fallout Boy for putting their music in my head! It's 7:41 AM and I'm already singing.
RT : RT "(Forests are) the "lungs" of our land, purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people" -FDR
Sorry just as before, your pet Bayless has caused me to change the channel. I tried... couldn't take it anymore.
What do Teachers want to see? Limited time - if the packet is to thick they can't take time read it. Can pull together resources?
Eating so yummy!
yeah I plan on it. I work til 9 though.
#fridayreads: THE WORLD WITHOUT YOU by Joshua Henkin (, June). Loved MATRIMONY, now this too.
they have karaoke on Mon & Thur at Chevy's in Burbank. Not sure how far that is from everyone.
this temple run ?!!;
Hey! Thanks for the info! I know we don't have 742 this week - but Sue & I have 640 tonight! :)
Gerrard is the fucking man
LOL! I thought you were mocking him, till I see he agrees w/you! LOL!
I CANT BELIEVE YOUR JUST SENDING THIS TYPE OF STUFF 2 PEOPLE! THERE COULD BE A 8 YR OLD THAT CLICKS YOUR LINK AND SEES THAT!
. show results of other orgs, highlight customer adoption & share data from sources like to encourage buy in
it was a snap decision.we put in the order about 2 mins before closing. I think we would have all lost. dogzilla on me next time
I LOVE MY FRIENDS & FAMILY!!! <U+E40A> RT IF U DO!!!
ikr! lol good times..i wonder what we're doin tomorrow..like why would we learn new stuff before break
RT : All vehicles on SB I-5/805 are being diverted onto the SB I-805 bypass lanes due to a vehicle on fire in the gore point.
When did the "infographic" become a 4-page jpeg consisting of boring charts & stats stylized with hip color schemes and serif fonts?
I can't wait to see your new video! You're so funny(:
Yeah, you have to make sure you are ready for something like that cause things can get bad really fast :P
going to the mall at 4pm to sell CD's. Get one here www.IQHipHopcom
Falling in Love with Love
Thanks & good to know! I'm actually in the process of revamping my site/bio/resume as I begin the search for a new job
We will b back soon.....
Its going fast #greattimes urs is coming fast too! RT : Just chopped it up with the good bishop time is a tickin.
: I've been a #Batman diehard for over 20 years. I have Batman on DVR and watch at least an episode each day.
They should rename the San Francisco bus system to "$2 Homeless Porn Rides"
Cocoa's deferred UI initialization struck again this morning, this time I was ready!
About 2 Record My Version of Marvins Room.
People often try to negotiate with shy dogs, and move in to them and give affection when the dog isn’t ready to meet them
Excited for tonight with my girls ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
if you were Ginseng on '97...
gas bandits!!!
Grr! I need my hair done.
Good luck to the #Badgers #Packers and #Brewers this weekend. Since the #Cubs are still waiting until next year. Come on out to watch!
i concur. I was looking for a cape or something
On my way down the hill now. See u soon.
don't ever compare us to Knicks fans ... My god
planed so yea he just had to have 2 stents put in but he was very zonkered afterwards :D olo
#nationalhonestyday is today SO LETS BE HONEST!!!! WHOS GONNA BE HONEST TODAY
We hope you enjoy the game!
RT : Woohoo, I just won a Kaiser Springform Pan from ! My day is made :) KosherEye says congrats!
What's the best cure for cold weather blues? #FishFry &
Keep typing away...
dude you have a great sound! I really like "This is God"!
it may rally the (R) establishment. But I'm still voting for Pres I won't be fooled by their rhetorical BS!
get er done and start selling to their customers.
working on getting specific data, should have a much more thorough response in a few days.
Ugh, we're already busy at work :/
suzie!! i need u n my life right now
The meek may inherit the Earth but they will never be chingones or much fun to be around!
IM SO EXCITED RIGHT NOW EVEN CAPS LOCK CANT SHOW MY TRUE EMOTIONS. HE DID AMAZING<3 YOU ARE INCREDIBLE
If 3 in a row is a hat-trick, what will tonight's 4th consecutive playoff win be?
Life for what it is !
have or seen an official attendance number for tonight's game yet?
The sky is so pretty right now. Ah.
omgomg; i gotta tell you some stuff tomorrow!
Day 3 of captain's school today. My first exam (chart navigation) is today.
RT : If someone SERIOUSLY wants to be a part of your life, they will SERIOUSLY make an effort to be in it."
hahaha the beginning creeps me out :p
"watch out now" -
American Airlines is bankrupt. Now I look like an idiot for investing my life savings in the peanut and small pillow industries.
les go
no, when does she reference a year? I specifically looked for some indication and never found it.
"I learned to like the taste" Vinny Vega doing work
One week from today: Free Comic Book Day 2012. Free comics and amazing sales!
Have you ever made roasted quinoa and red potatoes with curry? It is really yummy and healthy!
do you know if iaMmE are coming to Chicago soon?
Plus they have to hate the Chevy Volt if President Obama likes it, right?
I read situation perfectly. Was going to fall to 12 BBs by nxt lvl. Knew I had opportunity to get way abve average as a decent fav. Tilting.
nevermind...you're slow.
Ah. That's just a twitter thing, not related to our site. Fair enough, though.
Nice! Happy Mother's Day!
Disclaimer: #iBelieve fighting for a black man's rights should NOT mean failing to fight for black women when her aggressor is a black man.
I cannot believe the Saints allowed 7 points...cmon guys.
Realize that I'm horrible!
Lived with both Blackberrys and IPhones. Had a blackberry while I had an iPhone. So Blackberry or IPhone? Both.
“: FACT: You cant say the letter "M" without your lips touching.” false. I just did it. Just put ur hand in ur mouth.
Traveling today from FL to KY, the long way home. Alabama has some beautiful scenery and the drive up Highway 19 was calm and leisurely.
#IfItWasUpToMe you would live closer. Long distance sucks.
I'll drink to that!! RT : After a long day there is NOTHING like a double So Co on the rocks! Oh my!
Ok Dominos, time to arrive please.
Ima look like a bum today
Hahaha I'll try that next time.
“: I'm such a geek, I send my husband Calendar invites when we talk about doing things. Lol.” <--THIS=ME! lol
The blogger lounge was OK at #FNOKoP there was only one blogger there! Where you there last night?
"technology multiplies human capital"
In a few hours, on the train to nyc!
I'm sorry Bree!!! but I'm soaking the pants in shout... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Now, the long drive back to ATX. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
whats Good Mike!
I wish could come to El Paso:)
classic episode forsure !
S/O to on Blog Talk Radio! Do your thing my Sister!!
follow my personal account itsEllieeexD. I go on there a lot more often, this is just my account for 1D haha
I had such weird dreams last night.... :/ they were so random too.
So much I want to say right now, but Momma always told me if I don't have anything nice to say, I shouldn't say anything at all.
TGIF! Since everyone seems to have a dollar menu these days, why not us? Mention twitter today and get a slice of coconut cake for $1.00.
Why is my arm numb? >.<
making it count daily team! Waving from TX
Thx. I'm crowd sourcing movie reccos. ;)
everyone please follow my Labrats Buddies
Shout out if you are playing underdog Kickball, Flag Football, Softball or Volleyball today.
real suave beatboy
What happened to Morning Deals?
Seeing the Motorhome challenge (again) on Top Gear makes me want these as DLC in a future Forza
Trey Songz for unintentionally funny lyrics FTW!!! Agh ... no more sushi places that play slow jams!!! Tipsy+Fish+Slow Jams= squeaky giggles
"many series & movies" lol! “: Please someone, tell me what series Heather was in? #RHoOC”
thanks for the RT!
“: Happy Birthday Austin!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>” thanks!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Let the riots begin in Vancouver #Kings win haha
HD1 happening today. Submerge, Detroit Public Library, and local, excited teens! And a nerd named Denise.
Someone please save me from my misery.
that's a really weird dream but funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
did you audition for Wedding Singer?
PLK - JAKARTA - YOGYAKARTA.. I'm home!
I agree. Should he have to blatantly say it's fiction, though?
I may be boring but I always hit up the breakfast buffet at Chinook winds in Lincoln City. Then I lose some money to casino
Taking a few days from the world shutting my self from the world in a room by my self with music to drown out the rest of it...
This is my friendly public service announcement to remember to fucking clean your ears
Good luck today to !
Bout to head to mac town to shoot at this diggy simmon concert with my boy
Pardon my political pause: But HOT DAMN do we need some 3rd party independents in #Congress to stop this partisan voting crap! COMPROMISE!!!
Looking forward to seeing everyone at #chsconf10! Come visit the BioOne booth and learn more about our 2011 Collections.
Osceola, Wi firefighters have just removed one body from a badly burned house, still searching for one more possible victim.
2 called third strikes to start the 2nd. Timmy looks good so far...
Well, I'm involved with this business now that's very promising so far and if ur interested I can tell u more...
Man im excited about Christmas. Who wants gifts?
I agree. Peeps are gross.
I cant believe that Kim & Kris are already getting a divorce....
Pretty scary. The explosion must've been enormous. Middletown is at least 12 miles from where I live in Cheshire.
haha, trademark application forthcoming
Hello to our lovely promotions team leader! Wishing you a good day!
I have a crush on you:)!
What you have in that song is deserving of it. Look forward to hearing your thoughts.
oh okay
Wondering if a certain lady is done being mad at me yet.
sounds good !!! would love to put a face to all of us !! where ru gonna be sunday ?
Good morning. Getting my morning reading in.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOOKING FOR PROMO'S??? HIT ME UP FREE TWITTER BLAST ON THE MIAMI PRINCESS NETWORK INBO ME 4 DETAILS..I TRAVEL!!!!
I love how the Milwaukee weathermen refer to 38 degrees as mild. I'll take it!
are you using twitter on the phone's browser or as an app?
you bet little bro. The next few months are going to be insane and incredible, get ready! You're gonna be famous!
STR8 CRAZY LOLL
gonna take a power nap to refresh my brain
I got my throwback on and I smell bomb af
Everybody's going out tonight while I'm making that <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0> I could go for a cocktail soon though! Aka this weekend for 18th <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
We will be announcing our Raffle winners from Friday nights Head to Sole fashion event!!! Keep your fingers crossed!
You can't be conceited & look like spike from land before time !
Getting all settled in after camp. Our April Camp grads were so great!
Lmao I just witnessed a girl throw up in front of me from hitting the bong
When Apple comes out with the new iPhone it better have a longer battery life!
The redskins need to run options and pass bout 45% of the time...
Adele is on repeat right now! Forget that trending topic I was doing lol
i need kate's last name from john and kate plus 8. do u know it?
Does the league have lawyers for that or do they just consult a spreadsheet? "Purple nurple, row 17. See column 4 for fine..."
I have OCD about a few things but nothing more than saying thank you. So thanks to and everyone who came to the show tonight :)
Dude just don't know i had that i am in the wrong classroom type of look on my face.
James Dempsey Champ talks about his win, respect for , and beating a stacked STT while being bet on live!
Way to go!
You don't know what you have until it's gone........
"You try scowling while someone shakes their money-maker in your face"
New phone number
one more in the name of love
Rose Garden Boutique is the exclusive, online retailer for fabulous Canyon Group chenille bathrobes! www.rosegardenboutique.com
Ima shave my head!
I am so tired but I have to go to Physical Therapy.
Just found out i'll be in attendance at the AAC tomorrow night!!!! #Elllllyeahhhhhh!!!!!
this was great - check it aht, pgh! CLOSING this week: Heroes & Villains: The Comic Book Art of Alex Ross - don't miss it!
Please Please Follow Me! :) I think you are an amazing singer and actress!!
I cannot believe there is no San Diego chapter of the rose society. Del Mar, yes.
This Kentucky v Kansas game is good already....these boys ballin!!!
Official member of #LAFITNESS!
If sucks at Jeopardy, I'm going to be very disappointed.
You are amazing! <3
Young woman on panel, Kira Annika said she fell into the same routine of paying rent/working/rent.
Walk away 4rm it with a pain in Ur Heart-knowing U did the right thing. Rather than stay with the pain & regret not leaving.
$2 Tuesday. $2 Tacos. $2 Tecate Tall Boys. (we have vegan chicken today!)
Such a pity!
wow awesome! How many pies did you sell?
great to meet you. Hope to see you in chicago soon
I Think I'll Be Changing My AVI Soon.
When will respond to my I love you tweets?
Ump can't squeeze you on a swinging strikeout.
Finally saw "Hugo" today; one more best picture nom to see before next Sunday!
thanks. The mug was a gift from a friend. Fits my clean look :)
too lazy
I hate it when lord of the rings two ends and the third one is not on right after
now how and where did you get those ?
seriously I do wonder if your head was covered would they be so nice ? #AntiIslamTeaching is concerning....disturbing...
saw you at Old Country Buffet tonight. happy birthday. i was the Ben with a birthday too :)
have you had manicoti its my favriote dish,if you could only eat one dish what would you have
he's all I need(: I hope you had a good birthday babe<3
why can't I ever be at Starbucks while your there!!?
Gordon Parks died on this date 2006 One of LIFE magazine's original photographers he was filmmaker & musician & I was with him on 90th B'day
Time for group therapy class. This...should be interesting.
Had a great show in NYC!Big thanks to Houseman,Wild Magnolias, HSIB and evryone in NYC who came out to Sullivan Hall!
Dream threesome = & . I'm halfway home
This class is a trip!
how goes it, old friends...
Let me stop before I get all crazy back here. I am extremely temperamental and I told myself to be humble and not argue with mfs online.
Dreamt last night that I kissed Sasha Hemon while he slept in my son's bed. #AWP #AWP2012 Madness. Writers on the brain,oh my.
ill be there too!
Why is Chelsea Handler on the cover of Redbook this month? I definitely needed a double take at the checkout counter.
I recently added Quantum Touch healing method to my Life Force Coaching business. I will be offering training classes for it soon.
When I feel a pass-agg tweet coming, I save to draft for a few mins. Sometimes I actually save myself from assholishness.
She sounds F'n Incredible as usual
When you are constantly put around a person that makes you want to die.Isn't that a problem?
Kids playing while eating dinner. A spits out a piece of food. C says "thanks for sharing, A.". #ha!
Tough pill to swallow. Badgers played a great game, but it just wasn't enough. Taylor and Wilson will be missed.
Get a $5 credit on your CPS bill by taking this short home energy use quiz.
“: In the GYM working up a Hot ASS Treat! "Now Kash That!"”CASHED!
Try putting your foods on a smaller plate at meal time, it will open your eyes to how much you are eating and keep your portions in check!
#Justsayin 10,000 Baby Boomers per month are filing for Social Security retirement. I don't think Rep Ryan's Tea GOP budget is a winner...
ANSWER beards.
Yeah, sad but true. He WAS NYE.
when were you last here???
i am...but its a engine problem so its gna cost a grip
The best weight loss doesn't come from a pill. It comes fr nutritious raw foods, exercise & peace of mind.
. closes: USA is lagging in academic performance. Universities are for learning, not sports factories.
im so coldD:
Mike Westhoff hates Folk, well so do I
Is there such a thing as musical disease? Does music that 'survives' beyond its performance life effectively enter the 'gene pool'?
Do you have you rations for the weekend festivities? If not, swing by and let us put together some "bottled goodness" for your enjoyment!
we sure would like to participate as a farbicator and distributor of architectural bldg products. WBE & Detroit based.
Great report! I hope the rest of your talks go just as well. Sounds like to introvert recharge time will be needed soon. :-)
#wakeup and be the change you want to see. Start now!
Cool website!
your alive?
#nfl not making playoffs this year: eagles, jets. Superbowl: packers over ravens.
almost low battery O:
Bay Area radio legend Dave Sholin is packing for beautiful Bend, OR to do afternoons at Country KSJJ. Details in tomorrow's RAMP!
Our defense is putting in great work to #derailthelocos!
#Youknowlifeisgreatwhen... you have turn #bowdlerize into a naughty sware word.
Your girlfriend's last name is very questionable-Russian.
Dam life so short. Fuck it, I don't wanna go to court.
wonder how I hit the restart button on my life!
awwe I'm sorry :/
for sherlock fandom you may be interested in
Urrrrrbody in the club gettin tipsy.
loved,loved,loved this episode! unique blew me away! I am so proud of glee right now! :D
Ya just need to relax !
Heineken ice cold/ feet up/ sunset like a light show/. I feel good. Hope yalll are good too i genuinely do:)))))
Thanks for the follow looking forward to learning from your Site.
Mostly housekeeping stuff so far at the #INStateFair court hearing. Will let you know if it gets interesting.
ok, snow check issued, totally jealous! you go to steamboat, Geane to Brasil, me to #philly ? meh. we on?
plenty of garden left to do. Any interest in chilling tonight?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: In a custody battle, keeping a daily record of everything that affects the children is vital for your case.
Mine too. #Team37th RT : They have my 2nd favorite meetings in the city :)
This is the first time I've ever seen A Walk To Remember. I'm dying to say the least.
overheard-- guy walking around UVA shouting into his cell: "I am just like you, I need a vagina. Where do we go from here!?"
I am going to have to have a few Sporting Bombs before the next game to relax the nerves vs. Colorado
thanks for showin me that!
Today is going pretty slowly, but at least I have s coworkers to entertain me!!
thank you so very much . I appreciate that
WRONG ANSWER. Tagalongs
My butt is on fire!! Thought you'd appreciate a little laugh before finals. Hopefully I make it to mine <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BD>
Nope. RT : he doesn't look very happy.....
ACE Canada® Launches Two New Combined Products for Pollution and Casualty Insurance Coverage; Single form combines ...
More pre-trial witness prep today!
Some people like red carpets. I personally love them, especially when they are laid out over heated marble flooring.
not saying they will sue. im saying come up with a clever logo. im curious on how a devil not crying is going to look.
whatever you care!!!!!! Stop fronting lol
If you value your sanity do NOT go into basic #Alzheimer's research.
Do you think about me, like I think about youu
thank you and definitely come dine with us! We have half off certain menu prices for Yelp Eats 2011 in July!
I dont want to go to school tommrow
i don't agree with u. they are different individuals. PK doesn't endorse or support Congress. I don't support chiru
Tomorrow Friday ( :
When I'm in Super Focus mode, my other 4 senses are on OFF.
so now i'm so addicted to jersey shore..fml i have nothing better to do
This evening I'm going to see Dave Mescon in Haight-Ashbury. We haven't meet since 11/May/2001 in Colorado. That is 9.93 years ago.
falling asleep to bobby mcFerrin....goodnight twitter :)
I know right!!
Loves going to art festivals to bump into people that joy to see me after 11 years...best warmth on a cold rainy day.
Lmao they just had to put the elbow in there real quick
but you just added me!!
thanks Rick for that great pic..
I'm right in the middle of a big murder case can we talk later?
Results will be published in the June 2012 issue of Alcoholism: Clinical & Experimental Research
Can't wait to see what sort of crazy antics you pull off at the show this Sunday!
Thanks for the ALA RT. You're super!
Right! he waited til the last minute to say anything cuz he's been loving the press and buzz the last few months.
Thanks - how's life on the island? :)
...and tasty.
#3WordsForYou Just be yourself. (:
This was received very well when it first premiered
Your body is whispering to my soul
hahaha I feel it
Managed to wrench my back but good. Hurts to sit. Hurts to write. Doesn't hurt to stretch out on the couch and watch movies though ...
I WANNA SEE THE VIDEO !!
I'm pretty sure I'm in tonight's episode of #Touch. Look for my hair in the NYC street scene! And hopefully I don't look stupid...
TX Ethics Filing HD-75 - Hector Enriquez has received 15% of his money from PACs compared to 69% in PAC funds for Mary Gonzalez
Missed the #shuttle today (was at work in the underground Capitol Visitor Center) but sensed the excitement from others and the news.
It's okay, I can't come up with a worse pun, either.
Bazinga! It was a fun project to be a part of :)
shhhhh! are you ready to surprise the Saints? and support United Way... check out www.worldchampionfans.com
Need some Zs.
Shaving and re-growing our beards for jokes
I hate typos. My own more than anyone's.
Bruce Banner/The Hulk.
Thanks Joe. It sure does. Hope LA is grand.
Nobody will ever win the Battle of the Sexes. There's just too much fraternizing with the enemy. ~Henry Kissinger
Typically I wouldn't be watching NBA on Mothers Day if it wasn't our but... You know...
Kid just rode by on his bike. A chase commences. Yes, in the library.
Well, sticking your dick up your own ass is pretty impossible..
I injured my back 1 week before WLC. I went anyway without getting a profile. It was the most painful month of my lief.
Are you an avid blogger? If so tweet us the link and we'll help you spread the word with a RT! -CS
I totally knew that. That's why i said it! (; ahah
in the 3rd person now eh?
is speaking now
If you can name the total points of #Colts game I will give $150 off humidifier special
looking great beautiful!
Yeah; those radicals at JP Morgan and Goldman-Sachs are probably lying.
Had awesome time at MN Council Nonprofit Tech Conference! Thanks to everyone who stopped by our booth (by the food lines)
say no more.
I appreciate your RT thank you.
stoked that you're in Boca! Haha. Hopefully I will get to meet you this time!!
I hate to admit it because it's Eli & I'm a #Chargers fan but it was a hit.
Doing well and happy 2 start new year. Congrats on your election 2012 listing!
It's a magical night and magicians around the world also mark the death of the great American magician Harry Houdini who died on Halloween.
I could not, at any age, be content to take my place by the fireside and simply look on
RT : I have defeated this earthworm with my words. Imagine what I would have done with my fire breathing fists.
No, he is just an information junkie like his mama. I used to obsessively read encyclopedias when I was a kid.
Even on your cereal?!?!
Hittin' the road this week!!
interested in this male contraceptive. Not the Michael Jackson trial.
Who the fuck is Quinn Perkins?
I am ashamed. But I had a train to catch.
IM HAVING THAT FOR DINNER TOO! (:
RT : #ir12 alex halavais is auto-tweeting his talk while he is actually giving it! I shall have to remember this very cool move.
House and Job Classifieds in Shanghai | Style Shanghai
SERIOUSLY #KCTV5 I thght they were the JOPLIN #Chiefs tnght? Was it that hard to put that on the broadcast or field? #doitright !
CALLER 3! are you serious right now? hvgasfdouibdgjklbvdgjvhisjhwjvghfbosdwb I had to be caller 4 to win. #pissedtonoend #no :'(
I wish I could get one<3
RT : You go to every single Packer playoff game, Super Bowl, and now the SI Swimsuit models. Teach Me How To Behnke.
Happy Fat Tuesday! I'm bloated ...
At this time the hotel has completed 640 standard guestrooms.
People that think graduation is the end of your life<<<
follow me!
I've been paranoid of people thinking I'm straight before.
Congrats to on their #SCAChoops tournament championship. Will be pulling for our #SCAC brethren in the national tourney.
Get Application Crunch via
Not much- just alphabetizing RCRs. Shuffling 350 of them without dropping them is quite the feat.
Ive been in a Mexican Train, lots of fun ;)
"Etc." A word used to make others believe that you know more than you actually do.
Currently considering a new religion, based on the foundation that Randy Holden is the Messiah. Also, no prob with gay marriage at all. Win!
Riverside schools: "i started my day right, " school breakfast program
sure sorry it took so long, I kinda forgot bout this twitter account but now I'm using it. It okay. I understand :)
Looking for the best people photog? Follow of the #ladailynews your gateway to the stars and more.
MT Saw a bumper sticker today "Taking America Back" how far, 100 years or stone age? << To when Jesus rode dinosaurs. Duh.
Let our company help you bring your baby home to an organized, stress free environment!
I am suppose to get a phone today. I walk up to my front door and there was no package >:( grrrr I want my new phone!!
Skip Bayless backs up his point with facts, but argues his viewpoint saying you can't use statistics
Shorts, Media, Marketing is all part of a culture. Not part of a game. He was clutch but Kobe has twice as many game winners
probably. My mom said something about a wallet. But I'm in colorado.
With such an innocent face how could U think that? What? The drum sticks in her hands? Oh OK.I rest my case<U+2665>
No! It's almost 6am :] I woke up around 4:50am :] Early morning rising and shining!
Worst things to talk about in a commercial callback 1.Your acting career 2. The product you just worked for (represent), even non-conflict!
Great wine, big glass, filled to the top for $4 ... On 5th ave!
GOODTIMES!!!! Lol RT": And Are All In My Damn Mentions"
Ringing in the ears.
I sent it
Good night.
#ChuckNorris There is no chin under Chuck Norris' Beard. There is only another fist...
Nice! Been there and really enjoyed it. Are you doing a presentation about it? Don't miss the food experience.
yea..if u want me to! *wink* lol..
Life without love is like a tree without fruit.
we going sssssasahhhhhooooppppppppiiibnnngg :D
I hope it rains tonight. <U+2602>
That is so ignorant and racist to say that all black women have attitudes
ah i just found a dead bee in my blueberries!!!!!!!
What app?? RT : OH MY ! All the stats in one spot.... thank you for this killer android app
Northeast Ohio Patch is hosing a live chat about today's #OhioPrimary. Stop by for news and conversation with
Cost of being obese is $4,879 for women and $2,646 for men per year! Hieber’s offering FREE weight loss classes – call 412-681-6400 to...
doesnt just eat face she kisses feet too!
Good Night. Opening at Glendale Centre Theatre of Beau Jest. Wow so grateful. My support team thanks!!
Getting a tan out in the ranch
RT : Make it thy business to know thyself, which is the most difficult lesson in the world. Miguel de Cervantes
Thanks for the RT!
thanks for the follow Sam
thatd be awesome! Lets do it. :)
Now I feel like sleeping ><.
hi darlin! loved seeing you again last night! xo
RT : "The best thing 4 our health is to eat high quality products. I call it being a qualitarian. #FairTrade ensures better...
Almost there!
Wow ! on & bringing it bout that sweater guy ! Good stuff !
beginning grading.
you should drive up there during the holidays - very nice decorations.
Mini mags are rad. Double nerd alert. Do you have pics of the dollhouse?
Watching our favorite town Charleston, SC on #dateline. and I will be there in March! Can't wait!
Listening to rascal flatts and remembering the first concert I went too and seeing how far they have come
QUIT CALLING ME YOUR BESTFRIEND ! -_________- you have too many of dem.
Thx, Ron! RT Thank you for everything. I had a great conversation with at #ASCD12. You all are awesome.
the secret is you have to use two, as in, "that's just cray-cray."
A woman is publishing 12 years of her text messages in a book. The last line is, “Hey, just thought of the dumbest idea for a book!”.
just tweeted basically this same thing. lmao. then i see this. thinkn alike
awe, thanks..she steals my heart. and then does it again and again....:)
love the Scratch! Can you please email me with the emails of your whole #edjewcon team? Thanks!
im two seconds away from fighting this bitch
i think im seeing it at 930..neshaminy..party time. excellent.
wow i retract my previous tweet, jlo is apparently selling fiats, *ON* the
Submissions are coming in for 5/24 contest at
In honor of Easter, my neighbor is crucifying his wife.
Pretty consistent with on-field performance (at the top and bottom). But, I'm still loyal to the #Pirates!!
Would like to thank all 20 people that follow me! Lol! Second and third collection coming soon! The flood gates are open!
I saw it first at last year :P
my ID is Margafret :D
At Roswell Municipal Complex getting ready to kick off #marchofdimes Walk. Perfect weather and already lots of people here.
well I hope you had fun :) get some rest!
I hate this
Awaiting the #SAGAFTRAMerger announcement.
thanks for the RT
Hey what's Ur skype account
Gah. Anxiety getting to me.
Tell me now, Alice. I can't stand the suspense!
How's your Wednesday going?
RT : "I want to say a little something that's long overdue/ The disrespect to women has got to be through"- MCA, Beastie Boys
#whenyouseeratchetgirls u push out ur gut, cross ur eyes, and hope that none of em are into slightly special people ;p haha
Howdy, everyone. Chad Johnson here. Glad to see everyone and thanks to for today's topics.
Do what's right, the right way, at the right time
yeah same here. We need to hang out more outside of work, something always comes up.
did u get the new Jordan's
Did u know? The word actor refers to a person who acts regardless of gender, while actress refers specifically to female.
I'm at my hotel in Ohio and couldn't stand it anymore. Went to the grocery store for fix
Jul Mon 04 El Founding Padres, Heavy America, Uncle Sam's Big Ol' Predator Drone $7
. excited that people are flying in around the world to attend ! Help us shout it from the rooftops! 3/2-3/4
Reading Facebook Marketing for Dummies by Gr8 tools. If UR a NPO & haven't read it, Grab it.
I was wondering how many more episodes until season 8 is complete??
love ya too mamacita :-)
My pleasure. Thanks for reading :-)
Oomf is annoying, sorry yo girlfriend just broke up with you, but twitter is NOT a diary.
Traction is king. Team is good. Who cares about the pitch.. they all sound the same!
Would like to more about who's behind - Am interested, but reluctant to do so not knowing who you are.
Anyone need headphones?
You answered with a very direct insinuation (classification) of idolatry. Otherwise the exchange wouldn't have deteriorated.
One of my Ultimate pet peeves...when the cover of a book changes from the original to the movie poster.
Agree. Dumb, dumb expression
thanks baby:)))
I am finally going to have a son.... His name is Gerald Stephen Mayes Jr.
What would you see?
Darn! I was hoping that you did. Haha, I wish Apple would just hurry up and release info about it.. I can't wait for it to come out!
lol I know that's right
Didn't think your car would go that fast...
Had a great weekend in Orlando. Playing La Nouba is a dream come true!
his photography Facebook page. Is an Austin local photographer.
I don't feel like taking a shower
I HATE SCHOOL.
if you call them pumps, you're probably too old to be wearing the fuck me variety.
I think I'm angry with you.
big head ass lol
Definitely old news, but a lot of people still are not aware.
You know there's websites for that. But who can really say they're accurate. It said I had a fear of presidents... ?_?
It's made worse by knowing that in the psych world there are no wounds to bandage, no microbes to battle with, only a broken, human mind.
Great stuff at dinner.
Getting productive with + a LOT of fruit salad and coffee.
I have an SSD on / and a large hard disk on /home. Perfect combination.
A great money making business without selling a thing: www.moneywithrx.com
University of Rochester Announces New Undergraduate Major in Digital Media Studies - University of Rochester Newsroom
Indeed, it was ;) #CANstruction RT : was that called a "cantastrophy?"
yeah I am, you worked there before? Where you working?
I understand ur point about blk pubs not owned by white orgs. If u wld like 2 talk about unique reporting projects
thanks for the RT Jeff!
holy crap. spoiler alert next time. now let me get back to my airbrushed and waxed Playboy models.
He also doesn't confirm that Obama was born in the U.S. which seems like a big deal for a U.S. Congressman
Perhaps the two of you would be interested in our prayer-app, please see: www.birdofprayer.org Thank you!
You & your book are incredible! Thank U. We stopped starch, sugar 8 yrs now. Lost over 200 lbs, off BP Meds, 50% less insulin.
What do you think about the #OrganDonor new feature in #Facebook?
So glad the temps are back to normal.
Even if I am (will be) on the other side of the state, there's plenty more SA folks where that came from... like !
#LilBro sure I will tell her!
I believe it ;)
Looking for a super sharp Interaction Designer for a 3-month FT contract, LA and Seattle. Interested? DM me.
its so freakin good!
If ever writes a book and that's not the author photo, I'll be sorely disappointed.
hey boo miss you... ready for a #Lions superbowl? Mega and me are about to show the world why we're the best duo in the NFL
Use #WCULASO to Tweet about today's West Chester University 20th Annual LASO Student Conference :)
bourbon...yummy water
Can't wait to see what Avaya will announce at the InterOp Show!!
and no surprise that Haley was amazing
I'm loving it!!
About to make that treadmill my bitch. You're next elliptical pussy.
I'm just gonna retweet everything you say kk
omfg FOLLOW ME BABY PLS D:
pacman!!! Wanna see the mega fight already!!!
Goodnight. God Bless.. #Decomposition Comin Soon!!
How was your day?
you best follow me back.
Also we are going to be announcing twitter ticket giveaway this week to kickoff ticket sales next week. shhh, you didn't hear it from me.
Pittsburgh, but I'm pretty sure it's three teams... Pirates, Steelers and Penguins.
I embrace lace-less shoes as a luxury of a world without Zombies.
PHOTOS: Functional Decor Made From Natural Fibers - Huffington Post
- Btonebeats hit me there first
where u at
I'm mostly just pissed Romney thinks he's "ahead on twitter and on the Internet."
U hafta wonder if are better without Machine Gun Melo just like ?
Kayak for travel, Snapseed for photos, Evernote for everything.
Wow I didn't know how hard it would be to get noticed by /: this is really depressing I doubt it's ever going to happen....
Final Lincoln 68-66... Blake Thorton 3 FT's in final 33 sec's seals it....
Big Ten officials worst of any major conference?
George Savile, Complete Works, 1912I cannot afford to waste my time making money
If you start with a bang, you won't end with a whimper. T. S. Eliot
Np beautiful girls
I'm not happy they are trying to kill our captain. I'm happy about the rest. I really need to sleep but can't
Happy birthday to my amazingly annoying little brother! <3
Did we lose you on twitter?
Follow me n I will follow back :-)
how many hours of sleep do you get?
Hello Tina. I haven't talked much, I've been sick. whine whine whine. Hopefully they will find the prob. Car looks good hun
me! I have VIP for the Orlando, FL show on aug 2
T. Swift marry me
Good luck to Bucknell in the NIT tournament tonight! Go Bison!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night! We had so much fun supporting local with you!
Amateur Contest TONIGHT! $500 IN CASH PRIZES! Register from 10pm-11pm...Show!
Which boyz are gonna be on tonight? Anyone know?
Damn ": If Tennessee hadn't taken Baylor WR Kendall Wright at No. 20, Cleveland would have taken him at 22."
maybe.. Where you at?
Register in our showroom this month to win a couples massage from LaBella Spa & a $150 gift card to the Melting Pot. TheBlindManNM.com
Let us know you're okay when you can.
INDEED! Let's go MAVS!!!!!
Thanks for sharing the Reality Changers story! That was a good turn for a great program!
Make sure to sign up on for our first Freeroll on Saturday at 3pm EST. 1st place gets
Looks like Nick Wiggins is visiting WSU next Thursday, not today. Just to clarify.
You're welcome. It's something we've been wanting to offer online seminars for some time. Very good work!
how was Raw? The last show I saw was Raw at YUM center in december
Colt 45 and 2 zig zags, baby that's all we need
Congrats to those who contacted us for the sold out show tickets for the Janet Jackson concert in Vegas..Enjoy the room and show
“: amazed at people that look nice at this hour at the airport #shufflestatus”<= I think you're giving yourself too much credit
Any schools need fundraising opportunities??? Just ask us about our programs!
Wonder who is gona win
Macadelic Baby !!!! Awesome!
You said you never lied to me and you never will...well what do you call this
Help stop bullying...CHOOSE TO BE NICE!!
arent u one
Fuck I look like hoe, I look like yess and you look like no
1) Orient to ALL online tools and practices, even when you think they know
please follow I love you #marryMe?
I'm Cynthia, LIS student at Simmons, archival material digitizer and historical society employee.
Persistent infringement is also a cautionable offense - betcha see on video a number of fouls by a certain Chi player...
I loved that :) Especially relating to when Facebook first came out, that's pretty spot on, if you ask me!
Missing the Aussies like crazy, and the kangas of course. Thinking of jumping right back on a plane to Adelaide!
One of our founders is now on the board of directors at the ! Nicely done, !
that's pretty awesome. I would have thought you were puertorican.
went for a jog, yes, a jog, and now I am mentally practicing music
And I think that applies to both business and personal use :)
Life Enrichment Center News: April 24, 2012
Dear Santa, This is Raul from Venezuela. I want a stick... To burn for heat!
no... but if you find someone, let us know. cats!
I wonder if any fouls will be called on South Florida today
I'm making soup for souper tuesday.
#49ers get some guy I've never heard of.
"Procurement professional buys the best poduct at the best price" question on LinkedIn lead to 419 responses.
If U Think Owning A Snapback Makes U Have "SWAGG," Ur As Wrong As An Old Man Sucking His Daughters Titty !!
RT : There is girlfriend, fiance & wife. No gray area. No in between.
Rick Steves' Audio Europe "free" app. 25 audio tours of EUR museums
Girls run the world.
Would a lion cheat? No, but a Tiger Wood
I feel like Sam Jackson in SWAT with this new group I hired.
Dress rehearsal in 10....
Talking remedial education reform with Oklahoma #highered leaders.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that there is something more important.
thank you facebook for deleting my account.
I WANT A SHOUTOUT
I think I'd like to! I bet you feel amazing now :)
haha thanks for the smile :)
Even though I left you. I can't forget You. When I think about you; it's bittersweet.
Did you all prevent Child Abuse by buying dollar chocolate from SDT? Yes? Your generous donations will go a long way.
Seriously! All is well- Ready for some baseball
Just got a huge box of Wolfe's chocolate.
Looking for article from 3-4 weeks ago about how most viral growth is actually linear, and attributable to celebrity tweets. Anyone have it?
O i beat you to it niggs :)
with my eyes closed! Happy Easter bud
Tune into WBAL/NBC right now for a segment on The Spa Their Vitality Pool is the next best thing to hot coffee!
can we get to 50 followers before the end of the month?
honored to be on power list with , , for work on sickle cell disease. Awarenessiskey! More to be done.
Just passed a license plate that said "IM DAT"
Watched our video from karaoke on my computer... no chance in hell is that getting posted
She said watch this & made that ass drop .. #Damn ( in my voice )
My Father's side was from Belfast and my Mother's from Cork.
Just finished a great session about using iPads for library instruction. Now in one on Team Based Learning. Great morning!
Keeping my fingers crossed for you.
. Are you ready to return the VA Senate to conservative values? We can do it this #Nov8!
Snooki is engaged... lotsssssssssssssssssssssa ladies are feeling depressed right about now
#GAC #AlanJackson #PreciousMemories great substitute for church this morning. Glad I DVRd it.
Luv, is it the furniture that tastes funny, or your dinner?
Molly Malone's tomorrow night, LA style. 8pm. Come on out!
I think people should bring chocolate chip cookie cakes to share at work more often.
Peter Two never would have fallen down there. Such a better actor.
Thanks for the shout out!
You got my number ha
Sad to see PPL have such narrow views.Only yes'day in VA U could not marry PPL of diff races
Hey Lady! I can't find your email address & need to talk to you re: photoshoot!
Thanks for FF. Marston House is a 1905 Craftsman home museum in Balboa Park.
but they would look like a bunch of goalies...yep women's soccer but only club soccer for men.
": Dear Parents, thanks for the weird name. Sincerely, My Name Is Never On Those Customized Keychains" story of my life
Thought I saw a bald eagle today, turned out to be a crow with a bagel around its head
Remember Billy Beane stink it up as a young baseball player in 'Moneyball'? See it in real life tomorrow w/ Bryce Harper.
Cool. Keep in touch. Rules of the Road #1: Always wear clean underwear & (#2) Carry a rubber!
"Out with the old, in with the new."
I'll be doing articles for my blog and for JazzInside.
what is wrong with you - jeez
In the midst of our deepest trials we find out we are not everything that we thought we were... and God is greater than our failures.
If a man ever calls a girl immature... shes too young for you, cause from what i heard girls mature faster then boys
yes, minus a few for hashtags :)
im a pacmanator
#memberprofilein140: Our biz banker Bob Huckabaa is from PNC & is a great personal banker to address all your needs!
:why you like number six?
Rammstein!!! Friday, May 18th at Jobing.com Arena. I cannot wait!!!!!
so many reasons why not. Might as well use bourbon in your sazerac.
i'm the one and only one real LIzzie
So this shall be new as hell
buy cheapest cigarettea online at discount cigarettes shop - cigarea.com I like this place very much
Just had an amazing salad for lunch. Sprinkled the raw sprouted quinoa on top. Gave it a great texture and tastes so yummy! So full now.
What you should see? That's right, LA BOHEME (SPOKEN) at the FLEA. Talented people!
May the Smoke be with you!!!
did I say thank you for your lovely review?
Ugh , i miss my brother B.J.P. :/
Also amusing 4 breakfast, Einstein Bros. Has a sandwich called Spicy Elmo
lol you're funny. Maybe it's their own fashion statement. Look to feel good.
Just one person having control over personel is never good. Look at some of moves Shanahan, McDaniels, & Jerry Jones have made for example.
lmao why you so ghetto (in really proper voice)
just got cast in the role of Malik in the feature film "BLEMISHED LIGHT" Good players on board as well. I look forward to playing with them!
Setup for tonight's #foodequalsart looks awesome- joe of Joe squared and David bersch
Fell asleep on the couch again and now my neck hurts, great.
Ha! Was just thinking about that when picking kids up at school & it's 87! Soo not ready to sweat in all those places ;-p
Hey Tweet friends, just dropping in... Wish I can get paid per tweet, but that ain't me so I'ma be on when every now and then.
Craigslist ad ends in beating, robbery A man was beaten and robbed on the police describe as a Craigslist transaction gone bad.
#shoutout to everyone, follow me! Having a tough time, twitter hates me
thank u mama, sorry so late responding
Appreciate the assist, Bruce.
Weeding, watering, planting, oh my! Don't miss Marion St. Intergenerational Garden's big workday on Saturday at 10am!
That awful feeling like you've ruined something you've held so close <<<< <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
btw, possibly the best tweet ever!
Totally agree
looks good!
you mean like the lonely insignificance this anomaly we call the human race becomes within the cosmos? Or the opposite?
Some girls just make me lol
gfhdgkjshjgfsdgiyreoutesd I KNOW OMG!!!! =) =) =) FHDFHKHFUEYROEWRUYOEJ OMG OMG OMG KJAHSJDHSUAROUEQR
From ashes you are from and to ashes you shall return...
officially have all our inauguration tickets in hand!
What the HELL is going on?
your not alone...u couldnt pay me to wAtch that crap
Do you have/make New Year's resolutions? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
then they say i saw the show air and saw things i didnt like blah blah its just too funny!
*Watching new ASM clip commence*
I hope puts her damn cat away in the cage tomorrow -_-
It's not even 11 and I'm greeting triple pirouettes like old friends. Hello World, I'm Kathryn, and I'm so happy to be here.
while you're young, I agree. Its not worth it. They just hold you back
I'm either too nice or too idk. Idk anything anymore.
Aww, we miss working for you, too, Ann.
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
Work is over! Finally!! #Weekend !!
head up the state and come to sac town we will show this place up for ya.
This episode of #Rugrats is something serious!!
I thought you were kidding when you said you were going to do this. Too funny
Why did that have to happen?
packing to stay in new york
ya!!!!!!!!!!!! Ur my everything my life my breathe of fresh air the only reason i wake up in the morning is to see u:)
Hope everyone had a great Valentines day. I'm celebrating 2/15 by working on the annual report. How about you?
Shirts are in the works! :D Should have them by our show on May 29th! :) PS. We have a new photo as our profile picture!
completed her food and exercise diary for 11/03/2011 and was under her calorie goal
A billion people in China, and not one thinks it's a good idea to use a condom.
might feel more satisfying to initiate my own "call" & start talking loudly to my laptop about the rude person next to me. ;)
George Zimmerman finally got arrested today for Trayvon Martins murder and is charged with 2nd degree murder! It took them 45 days...smh!
we are doing great! Sorry for the 2 day lag.. Wasn't getting twits on my phone. :(
in 2012, everyone need 2 respect my hustle! Going hard in 2012....
/ LOL. Hate it when that happens. Think they make a pill for that now. Pretty sure its street name is "Huey."
"Because a base tan is important, sweetie!"RT : Would it surprise you that this woman is accused of putting her 5 year old...
Anyone need a sub/amp for their car? I have a DB Drive Amp(1600w) and 12" Sub for $250 I'm selling.
Excellent class, #sfeng252! Depressing poems, but great discussion and interpretation! Think of how far you've come since January!
I correct myself. Cook staying on. What a bull.
Fellas, when you don't treat your lady right, the only thing you're doing, is leaving room for somebody else to.
#teamUncleMike #ALS thinking of you all today!
My ph is wirdo. I lost most ppl ph#s. Please text me your numbers. Thanks
Thank you.
Archives and records management!
Immaturity only goes so far, then its just ignorance
follow ....he tweets awesome resources for loving caring caregivers like you!!!!
My dogs are finally figuring out they're really tiny and barking at huge dogs is a horrible idea.
I won night ranger backstage passes when they were on tour with sammy hagar, coolest guys ever. (Ya, aging myself)
first album- Toto Africa First concert - men at work
Don't beat yourself up! Boyfriends are better at it.
Featuring live percussion, song, African and Modern dance and led by me
thank god for margaritas is all I can say....
i hate myself too i used to starve myself then binge/purge because i hate my body i have the worst self esteem WHITE Besties
It's luck when a guy traps the ball against his helmet. It's east coast bias when a ref says he won't review a retarded play.
I always take life with a grain of salt, ...plus a slice of lemon, ...and a shot of tequila.
Just had so much fun going to tonight. may be THE most beautiful woman in the world. Literally.
Jordan Belson should've been paid.
nah..hearing bout it everywhere tho..imma check it now!
Just announced: We are hosting our 1st Annual Cornhole tourney with a grand prize of $1000 cash! Sunday Aug 21st.
Lol I meant about the whole "#teamugly" thing. You're not ugly<3 :)
you writing funny tweets lol.
Great to hear, congrats! RT Thank you Vancouver for voting car2go your #1 carshare! Check out this year's Stars of Vanco...
did you see the one of Kate? B-E-A-Utiful!
wait are the seriously charging 10$ to speak to Austin Mahone ?
Finally heading home
Come tonight (12/21) to Social Graces at the Hingham Derby Shoppes at 5 p.m. for "Boston: Inspirational Women" signing.
yes u are that's why u break the rules and watch it at my house
Hey Duane, just wanted to drop by and wish you happy birthday. Which means you're, somehow, even OLDER.
Definitely appreciate it! I need some guidance.
January 20th its goin down!M3 & Hot TV puttin on a show for the whole 409!EON will be performing!!!!
Coming now.
cold front passes through over the weekend clearing things up for Monday & keeping temperatures in the low 50's.
Let's vidchat soon. I want a virtual tour of your place.
call me foo
Sometimes I wish money didn't have to exist. It shouldn't have to determine someone's happiness, let alone limit someone from being happy.
“: Tuscaloosa , Al here i come!” let's go! Gonna be tripppppy tonight.
Moral of the Story U may desire 2acquire Power but U better B prepared 2 understand the exoteric and esoteric ramifications of that decision
To #spikeyourlawn, you can use anything from spiky shoes, to a lawn-spiking tool, whatever works for you
WHY DRINK AND DRIVE WHEN YOU CAN RIDE AND SURVIVE? BOOK YOUR NEXT CELEBRATION ABOARD THE OKC PARTY BUS AND HAVE THE TIME OF YOUR LIFE!
My extended commute because sometimes a girl's gotta sing some aggression out.
I should start hosting viewings closer to the series finale. Lots of fans of Eureka. Even &
Just heard the news! Love IS universal....no more living in the past! Cudos, for moving us forward, nice work0:)
biacthh you know its true. its just our mexican swag.
"Open" causes confusion: it describes both governments and data. Are we talking about "open (government data)" or "(open government) data"?
<U+0094>If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.<U+0094> Jim Rohn
Breaking Bad just jumped the graphic violence shark.
RT : Celebrate National Absinthe Day with one (or more!) of these classic absinthe cocktails from !...
#ff our client go see her in today or this weekend =)
People are acting like they've never seen rain -_-
In #SanDiego today bound for #Seaworld !!
"Preference for Hispanic or latino? A: no preference" a bit of difference among coasts.. But if have I pick: Hispanic via
thanks!!! Love u
Gloomy day! Its Aokay!
#DAYGLOW TODAY GET READY
im jealous!
photoshoot for who
is you talking about dean winchester? <333 and if so, that means your tweet the other day was about croatoa?
FUEL reminder on my calendar 2day --> Fire up my spirit. Upgrade my thinking. Exercise self control. Lift the people around me!
Facebook is my friend. Youtube is my voice. Google is my brain.
I know it doesn't substitute for church but I went and saw casting crowns last nite..so good for the soul!
Reason i love #thevoice = the coaches.<3333
It was one of those jokes that I needed more like 160 characters to properly articulate. Yep, I'm blaming the medium.
Hi Jason..... may I send you a copy of the whole Mwahaha album... thx again for the spins
congrats diva make it national
i worked at a 1000 bed hospital for 10 years, but now i ride around in my car. Its not so bad.
another fun day at school!!
"If we understand what the extremes are, the middle will take care of itself." Dan Formosa in Objectified.
#NeverTellAGirl she's not worth it.
good ruling on dip: very nasty, gl tid #nov9sause shipped
YW! Really excited about our stay at your Grapevine location next week!
Anybody got a recommendation for an entertainment lawyer who can quickly review a contract? Philly preferred, but good quality required
I miss
hang in there!
every red light<<<<<<
Scripts, flipping, seems like all this is in your work—text in particular.
agreed. Side note - gravity :}
RT : Great pitching Moyer! #Rockies win
Wisdom is the study of difference. bgr8now
I'd read a Ben Linus autobiography.
Meeting with our Program Officer for the U.S. Dept of Education
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. ~Henry Ford
hanging with at Burbank and Lankershim. No lines!
I'm on my way lol
English is cancelled again. Its been cancelled for the past week lol we
theclymb? they get 2 companies every 5 days or so and have a full line of stuff at 50% or more off then new stuff, free to join
I guess #TeleportingDana is a #RobotVampireFromTheFuture doing battle with
RT : reinforcing notion of THINKING through architecture & function before coding!
Sux. Am really surprised. Hey--doing ACE project on univ of 2050--any ideas?
haha i just watched it
agreed. good focus. 10 more to go.
i'm bored of this url already and i wanna change it but i'll wait until #TwerkTeamThursday is over
Dont freak out when somebody says ass, its another word for donkey, and its even in the bible too.
Vendor Pricing: Discounts are "bundle-driven" or given to early bird adopters ProQuest Webinar
I just got 56 spam msg in the last 5 minutes!!! -__- hate it... lol
With a retweet, I rest my case.
Concert actually started already
GOODNIGHT AUSTIN (;
lol wow! Same here lol getting myself ready for finals and have a summer class -_- we have to do something after finals.
“Music is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music”
Surrey rooftop party followed by jazz at the Carlyle...and now off to opening of Dream Downtown.
its because u changed ur picture....LOL
Love how everywhere you drive in #Seattle is a water view!
first thing I saw "Americans help congress tax people"
Thought youd get a kick outta that :-)
Great! RT : Will do at trivia tmrw ya: ": Have you checked out our new menu items from Chef Stephen Durley?"
Marvel made it. It's called Man Thing. (ba dum tish)
I though you did :-0 but yeah. I wanna go to the Best Coast concert :-(
Lord, I beg of you... Please take the evilous thoughts out of my mind. I am seeing jail time flashing before my eyes.
This Chocolate >>>>
Happy New Yr dudes!! See u in a couple weeks!
indiana hates you to! :p
it might be a good thing in case I ever try to promote to full professor. :-)
a restaurant . lolol
Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing.
Please Skip. What else do you expect these guys to say? That Tebow isn't good? It's spin Skip. SPIN
It's become such a cliche. "How do I spice up this dessert? PUT BACON ON IT." Even if it is the candy of meats.
RT : Want to try the new Coconut Chocolate Chip CLIF BAR? RT this any time through the weekend & we'll pick 10 winners at random!
I hate studying for the apush DBQ essay tomorrow, took me an hour just to read through them all... #umpiring later, supposed to rain:)
you are mean though, lol
Hey :D
Time to get the golf clubs out and go play some golf! <U+26F3><U+2600>
wierdd.. watched that last night, never gets old
Heading to Vegas for Coach Grazier to meet my parents for the first time! Gunna be fun!
My husband works for Starbucks and he says yes.
Thanks for the ff
Humbled by you words my dear Dale! Merry Christmas to you and your family!!
Also, where is your favorite place to order checks?
We are too Aly! :( You'll be by to say hi though right?
yea but the reasons behind it are a different story
great post.... thx 4 sharing. Didn't know about them!
do it! It's so good!
I might watch tomorrow, like late morning/early afternoon.
Hey , hit up for ur different color hats.
wonderful. i RTed. what u do is imperative. the vulnerable are often subject 2 abuse & neglect. if we dnt fight it who will?
Happy Friday the 13th.
very strange, lost the contact Saturday night when I attacked Mitch apparently, waiting for the backup to get mailed here
Thanks! RT check out Lamill Harbor East re: coffee place
Shout out to in honor of International Women's Day. Follow them if you don't already!
": It is not the number of friends you have that counts, but the quality you have in those friendships."
Amazing! She was so wonderful to work with.
But of course!!! Save a spot on the dance floor for me. Like Chuck Brown, I feel like busting loose lol.
RT : Don't try 2 win me over w. cover letter. I know Y ur sending me ur picture. Probably not reading the whole thing.
Worry is what happens when we try to play God. Peace is what happens when we decide to trust God!
#scenable we are loving ur social media expertise
im going to sleep , hopefully by the time i wake up i will be on VACATION...
Join the crowd ...
Getting on the plane and actually leaving on time seems like a #revolutionarythought these days!
Even after this mild winter, exciting to see signs of spring on the Longwood Mall! (Especially while reading "The Man Who Planted Trees.")
Thank you for the follow! We're sure you get this a lot, but "stay classy, San Diego."
(phone vibrates) *runs across the room* *jumps over the couch* *picks up* ''Damn, I thought you were someone else..''
Happy New Year and Wishing you all the best for 2011
its not often i get 2 bug u on twitter
you're welcome! Enjoy your day.
my back hurts so bad all of a sudden. whatthehelllll? :S
I really miss Chicago and San Diego...
Lifestyle as Young Adult May Affect Age of Menopause
that shit was awesome. Being it back. If you ever need contributors my bro in law and I are season tix holders.
dropping RL is way over due!!!
No prob, I'm trying my hardest to get your website where you guys want it to be!
Missing out on #edcampss today, but grateful for the chance to speak at the ESF Youth Conference. Enjoy the day of learning #sschat friends
Only time will tell. Usually, iTunes pre-order DLs start around 11:30-ish EST. We'll know in less than 45 minutes for sure.
Hi. My #maryland and #Dolphins suck so I have to hate on everyone else
Still went and got even sicker. Yeah. I'm the ungrateful bitch. If I do it again you'll hit me? Wtf. Sorry im exhausted and wanted 2 be home
that thing kenzie sent me ?
More Questions About Wumenguan koan 32 - That word that Buddha Wouldn't send the Outsider: Was it verb or noun?
done what?
of course! showed me all the good sites!
hey jumpy how you been? Are you coming to florida super con or do I have to go to anime expo?
Growing collections of Wikipedia articles are available as spoken word recordings
Just got off stage and did my piece - I KILLED IT!!!!
Dining alone can be really relaxing!
Ha! Creepy.
CAN YOU PLESE WISH GOOD LUCK AT HER CHEER COMPETITION ON SUNDAY?!?!? I LOVE YOU BABE
Great app. : Now, only 2 days left for Donation sale. Pray for Japan
I don't have news access, but scholar is definitely faster if I just want to read a case
Have fun at #SXSW everyone! "Wish We Were There"... Next year!
Im never satisfied with my twitcon.
BTW North Carolina, as my brilliant friend Kwame reminds me, imperial projects love monogamous marriage. So I'm still not surprised.
Tweet about something other than my books? Like...uh, what?
Getting tired of arbitrarily slowing down my data speeds
Most people would rather stare at a mechanical reproduction (of anything) than view a work of art. Poor Walter Benjamin.
The chemical composition of #Seaweed is so close to human #blood #plasma,their greatest #Benefit is regulating #Purifying our blood system.
god im in love with this kid at school he so... hot (ARMAND DRAGONE) he so sexy and sweet and perfect
Audience keeps underestimating students' study time & college expectations. Why are we surprised students have high expectations?
I'm not mad that was an entertaining game. Congrats on your regular season championship.
If clubs offered designated drivers deals like Free or discounted admission, sodas, Etc... There would be a lot less DUI'S and accidents!!
My friends and I are the type that if the house was on fire, we’d be making s’mores and hitting on the firemen.
Looking forward to brunch with Trevor at noon!
im-a-be workin' workin'! Tweet-out the fun info for me though!
had it a few times, it's meh, bacon isn't great, can't really taste the shack sauce, and it's not as juicy and just
You're not supposed to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or who says it.
Jazz Jam Monday at the Chatterbox Jazz Club, Indianapolis (Mass Ave) => Live Jazz Music 8p.m. - 11 p.m.
I have 2 long haired chihuahuas. Ginger and Jesse. They are the best!!!!
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them. – John C. Maxwell
fire in the hole
have you thrown out pitch down here in Baltimore? Hope rain holds off for ya
yeah, I don't want huge change, but the 'Hawks unis aren't drastic changes either. Small updates ok with me.
#IWillFollow because "I will" is a commitment to action, and there's plenty of action in The Game and Change 4 da better.
#BackInElementarySchool i had a bestfriend name Genie and Janelle...we had power puff girl jeans
NBA championship should be only out of 3 games that way Lebron doesn't have to play the 4th.
#FF b/c everyone needs a fancy bike & it's good for the earth. b/c she rides her bike to work everyday in Amsterdam
no problem bitch. Just delete this account before austin see's it. Ur starting drama!
Olympus Shareholder Meeting Turns Into Surprise Party
Link is not working!
Besides your titties, what else do you have to offer?
Waited seventeen months for that theme song and these fantastic characters.
Not the way i like it
I think psychologists come up with new disorders just to expand their market.
Fall is a great time to install new #plant material - let us help you with all your #landscape #installation and #maintenance needs!
WOO! I'm so groovy that I dig me!
Night baby i love you <U+2764>
Just stayed after school for 2 hours to talk to Mr. Young and Alex.... Seriously my favorite teacher in the world.
New country South Sudan already has a national anthem! It took roughly 137 years for the Star-Spangled Banner to be officially recognized!
Oh wow, the Clippers/Grizzlies game is on TNT Overtime online! Guess I know what I'm doing for the next 30 minutes.
What's everyone doing today
There should be more commercials/shows/movies with Just sayin.
Wish I was in the Mo right now
. As a constituent, I’m asking you to stand up for students and keep their interest rates low.
Get well soon, RemDawg!
Gotta love south park night
ok,i'm off twitter!See ya):
Erik's pressure is down from from 54 to 26, praise the Lord, keep praying! It needs to be below 20.
It is always funny to me at how small this world is socially - especially with our expansive use of the interwebz.
Thank you! Go to Musee D'Orsay for early works of Monet, etc! I also studied French 2 write CLAUDE & CAMILLE: A NOVEL OF MONET
what the hell is a sugar glider? is that a sex thing?
Love your vids:) Follow me please!!??<3
Tesla banks on low factory outlays in drive to profits Holding down costs at a refurbished California plant is crucial to the success of
4 out of 5 dentists recommend Robin Hood: The Game over Candyland.
we have some great friends in festival & ! I'm sure there will be some great collaborations!
Man, those guys at were blowing up my twitters today! Good work, gents!
Keep helping us out and answer the few questions we have on our Wall. We'll have some official news soon!
Somebody actually put "ZZ Tops" on our concert calendar. Good God.
hey at least he ain't Pilipino otherwise you would prolly be afraid to talk to him
little d! i'm coming to see you in one week! #i'msoexcited #ijustcan'thideit
#RIP Dick Clark. My new years will never be the same.
Popeyes is almost built in Springfield on Glenstone!
there's a white truck outside my house, maybe that guy is a spy O.O LOOL.
Even more good stuff in Ballard tonight: Planned Parenthood benefit show
“: RT "Rashard Lewis just scored his 15,000th career point." That's about 8K per point, congrats (???)”thanks
Joan Baez: "action is the antidote to despair." We can help you learn how to create an online business is that's the action you need to make
i love GA too, i am obsessed. I watch whenever possible.
I've not been using TagMan, but Ave Wrigley is the CTO, and another ex-ITN programmer, Alex Howarth, also works there.
should name it hope for the holidays . <3
Do you think that #Google + will actually be able to dethrone the established Facebook in 2012?
Happy 100th Anniversary to our partners at the Girl Scouts. Here’s to making another 100 years of history with you all!
If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy and inspires your hopes. Andrew Carnegie
thanks for the follow back:)
And sidebar: can we call it marriage equality and not same-sex marriage?
December 10th 7:30PM - Kevin & Chris "Twisted Christmas Music Extravaganza," Knights of Columbus Hall 732 Badger Avenue
“: "hey there sexy need a place to stay?! we have an extra room!" miss me some kara :(” miss you more :(((
i'm on the home page again! yay!! =)
“: Best New Restaurant award goes to Next. Thanks to everyone who voted in this year's awards! #TOCEatOutAwards”
SoCal friends! Come out for at Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & Grill in Rancho Cucamonga at 5pm on Sun (I'll be there too!)
making my manager watch never say never im turning him into a belieber
THX! And vice versa of course!
What would my MrHotGuy think if he came down the hallway and saw me doing a Tebow kneel at my computer screen?
want to be on my top? ask...
C-Force working on his QB Mechanic's daily with Marv Marinovich in Orange County.
So amazing!
Edu @ Museum should: Visual, Multidisciplinary, critical thinking & problem solving, uses tech (wisely), provide choices
thank u 4 the followback! new website will be up soon! i got great scissors and the best sharpening! call text or tweet! :)
Lovely dinner at the Columbia University Club of New York.
Being called a piece of shit hurts...but being called a liar hurts even more. Girls yall are all beautiful <3 no matter what(;
no but I also need psychiatric help. Yay rubber rooms :)
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year and the very Best for 2012!
Why do Arsenal keep bloody losing !
I enjoyed your most recent blog post. Good stuff!
Bias? I think someone's just upset :)
Maybe it's you?
I've just been having a hard time and all. personal issues. and hahaha<3 where do I sit?
": I feel really wierd wearing sandals to school My feet are all open and shit" LOL OMG. Idk why I'm laughing so hard.
RT : Track E: notes "kids are learning leaders" and "flexibility is key".
Game of Thrones tonight!
bar recommendations for Sunday night in wilmington?
haha I'm sleepy too, but that's cause I just woke up
Skateboarding > everything
#ICONicBoyzOnEllen<3 Make There Dreams Come True! Have the Boyz On Ellen! They Are Amazing Dancers. Look Them Up(:
At least it's for a good cause...
because is coming straight to DVD there wont be an official trailer release for it. Be sure you pick up a copy!
9/18/44: 2,350 deportees from the Lodz ghetto, including many children ages 13 to 16, were killed in the gas chambers of Auschwitz
Remember that you can live without them!
The state of California has more 7-Eleven stores than any other state
Have you looked at scholarships? They probably have a lot of film scholarships out there.
When is Hootsuite going to finally support G+ for all users? Seriously, how long does it take?
I think my cuzin is so cool...I always wanted to be like u when I grew up...still climbing...lol ur do fly..:-) nite
FOLLOW! NOW!
Slowly deep cleaning my entire apartment while watching E!
When I post this vid in 2 min.. It'll be my 30th YouTube vid.. I've wanted to get there for a while.. So... Cool.
Chemical spill at El Cajon and Park. Someone mentioned mercury.
make sure you know how to do it yourself before you ask someone else to do it in your business via
do you think im awkward Ed? Do you think I'm soft Ed? Cuz ive been to all 3.!
Sounds about right. RT : "Can I bring up the subject of digital storage?" Everyone groans.
#9RoundMinute: 20 Alternating Front Lunges paired with 20 Squat Kicks! Don't stop, get it-get it!!
RT No better way to celebrate life and all of creation: Get up in the morning and shake that ass.
So, truly turned me into a serious #couch potato tonight!#GreysAnatomy,
I should be pissed .... but I find it hard to be.
Casting my vote for booking in Dec. Awesome author from Richmond, VA!!
You rock. It's much harder to get folks to show up when the weather's nice! Last week's didn't even sell out! :O
when you compress a file...it has a baby
Omg so you think you can dance May 24. Yes yes yes!
In 26 minutes I found a tenant to sublet my apt in west village #newyorkminute wow
I can't not love you...
follow . she follows back!! :)xoxo
Burnt 300 Cals yesterday for 27 mins :) Tomorrow back to the gym and Saturday <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I'm only ok with it because their fans were really cool at the WC.
"Official" hashtag? We're touting #thatcamp games but will also search #thatcampgames. The former lets us add to the general #thatcamp feed.
Bring Back Ringer 17
Perfect! The family misses you! :)
Dem Tom Barrett on Gov. Walker's newly released positive jobs numbers: "I have absolutely no idea whether these numbers are accurate."
Can't wait to see your big wonderful smile on #DWTS ! :-) Go Pack Go!
I'd take a better look at that crowd. WWII vets, librarians, plumbers.. To decide they're all hippies, well, you're wrong.
it amazes me how immature people are!
That awkward moment when I went on the computer to print an assignment, and ended up recording my own version of Rue's Lullaby instead...
Not to mention he has retractable blades that he could of cut himself free. Just sayin'.
Sorry, I'm quite taken aback by those photos, and when balanced against people standing in lines for constant upgrades...
I know the feeling :/
your the best:-)
Yall better hurry to It aint to late and we still getting it in til 12a
Is this the follow up to Beef Week?
Have you ever been on a haunted ship before? Let us know which one.
A conflict begins and ends in the hearts and minds of people, not in the hilltops.
what's your # again?
Hey Cody! Start tweeting how you did at the events. They don't update the PBR site fast enough. Good luck tonight!
#whenitwascoolto thinking im famous and writing down my signature lmao.
psh I'm
"Beverly Hills leaders, you do not speak for me." -- a BH resident at Metro rally.
noticed u can read anything offensive but if they put this ( :p ) after its like... *O theyre laughing wit their tongue out...its cool* LOL!
I must see this picture too!
I love funny ass movies
does he have one or both of those? if he does, u could get him a video game.
Best state hockey tourney in years! Everyone loves the #stateofhockey!
Having a leadership position doesn't make you a leader
Dream a little dream ~
Learning about school food in a session led by the always wonderful Jessica Donze Black. Healthy school food is so vital!
Thank You! I hope to have shirts made within the next month. I will let everyone know =)
Repair estimated by 3pm.. But last night they got most people back on within about an hour.
Good on ya, you really needed to tame that fro-hawk
#sacscoc Infrastructure matters! Technical support is required.
Why are you playing in a bar?! I wanna come see you guys! You better play at a venue I can come to!
Perry's presidential agenda must be important to Dew. He called for Senate session to hear Sonogram this Thursday.
scratch "insatiable" off your #mnleg bingo cards (credit Rep. Runbeck)
I tell em: You like me, you'll love us. In #yes we trust!
if i dont see you next to my tree, in that suit tomorrow...i will cry<3
hope To cya in Arizona and maryland!:)I'm going for my birthday...can't wait!
Thank You Abby it's delightful to hear from you, everything is good! so happy you like the collection XO Cindy
Graphic Design can make or break your marketing material! Check out or products and rates they can't be beat!
finally got our voices back from pirate weekend. time to get ready for a few more summer parties then Monty's krown
Is it wrong to blow the guy at QT for a pack a cigarettes? Probably, but if all else fails.
I hate hanging out with because bops love huge black dudes
OMG RT : BY 2 GEMS THEY MEAN HIS BALLS.
I'm still in Wacksonville Paulie. I gotta take care of [legal] things before I could leave :(
MT ... I time my drunken blackouts to occur simultaneously with all the stupid shit I do.
Don't miss Evan Christian performing tonight at 6pm! Also 1/2 price tacos (most are only $2!)
Kobe sick as fuck
Coburn on Daily show: Lies about Medicare at first, then says taxes will have to be raised. So not completely insane.
It might be stormy now but it can't rain forever.
What No ... Did You Click The Link??.
By swallowing evil words unsaid, no one has ever harmed his stomach. ~ Winston Churchill
thanks, love the idea of giving a dog raised in a puppy mill environment a second chance
More than one of every ten Americans suffer from chronic, disabling conditions that cause limitations and decreased quality of life.
cordless power drill
Awesome pic! Thanks for coming out to see us!
Vacated the office to avoid being stuck in the #RVA Grand Illumination. Call me Scrooge...
needs to learn how to tweet...
“: I said I'm over you. But every time my phone vibrates, my heart still wishes it's a text from you.”
Thanks. now I have TWO weeks of stress coming up!! let's see who they play
either of you want to talk me off of the ledge?
I remember the day I got to see it was perfect.
Thank You :D
lol, my friend is the one that's tryna make me go .
Everything I said was RE: your use of Twitter. Your artistic accomplishments are great, and NOT at issue.
Welcome to Dallas.
Please be more vocal about this. Also, he's a terrible Fantasy Football drafter.
No but for real though, summer needs to hurry up.
So glad yesterday was my last day of high school
I might go to the club tonight and see if I can bring a girl home. ( 3
Hello Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Call me. Fuck this "maybe" shit.
I am a hostage to my own humanity.
Good. Unecessary for us to break fellowship with him then...but keep your eye on him.
Fun stuff! RT : So excited for Tweet Seat Nite! Starting at 7:30pm follow #tweetmct for our tweeters' thoughts about BUS STOP!
#Prettylittlethings was funded by generous donations from over 200 individuals and families.
Words mean NOTHING unless you put action behind them!
I am starting a campaign to make the next Bachelor. Who is with me?
I changed my username so instead of it's now just lettin' ya know. (:
ME EITHER!!!
Hi, I'm an astronaut and I'm here to explore Uranus (;
Ah I just saw your note! Thanks for the bday wishes...we WILL get together soon! <3
Reading a book about the trends in swimwear fashion during the last century, and how it affects what we wear on the beach today.
Another former TCL guest...love Thompson Square!! They r a great couple with such a unique music style.
Show today! :D We go on at 10pm Main stage! Be there! Let's have some fun :)
we should see more of these stories covered
#Foreverfly they mad cuz they can't beat us or join us
Meek Mill is nice but he does sound the same every damn time...
Definition of Mom: "If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader." -John Quincy Adams
I finally figured out how to get it to connect to the internet! Laptops all mine! :)
Play the game!!!
I cried
I cut almost 1 minute of my 5k time, without any running, in 3 months.
bomb threat at club hillman? NOW IT'S PERSONAL. THAT PLACE WAS MY SANCTUARY.
depends on what youre looking to do. Its gay pride weekend so Im playing Saturday in Chelsea, and Sunday afternoon in midtown
Tax code concerns at the end of the year could cause people to save more and spend less
who did you see?
One complaint of brutality, inappropriate arrest, legal observer and reporter arrested, but went smoother than last night
So! Today was half-day. And now I'm bored. D: I know I'm not interesting. Sadly I'm a loner. :P
#hcsm T1 - resident docs should get comfy w/ social media before graduating ... at LEAST BLOGGING!
lol another man bitch on the lose?
I bee in tha trap
He got that super bass
The music in Lord of the Rings is unrivaled besides Star Wars of course
For some reason I expected this to involve letters from dead authors out of archives....
You sneeze like a bitch.
the only season of that i for into was the one w/ Kimbo Slice.
First paragraph: You were in NY again and didn't say anything? Other paragraphs: Oh, wait, you were super busy, never mind.
Far Rockaway Queens NY
That guy obviously loves the cock...
I hate flakes
No way.
I'm just crazy about nuts!
Salsa-fied!!! Put it in Cruz control!
haha! I had a great time!
Just Ah Regular Ass Hood Bitch!
Ugh i just spilled my Coke >.<
Made it to BWI entirly too early...
Here goes that Boston Bullshhhhh!! Turner shouldve slammed KG on his fuxing head!
I always knew you were a bad boy, I used to think that it was cool.
just walked from WAMO to WASO. Hot day. Lots of tourists.
Congratulations to our seniors that are about to walk across the stage and receive their degrees!
prague zoo has hippos. found where i'm going to be for the next 18 days.
Awh, dont be afraid! Just be yourself! It was great! Just tiring:/ trying to relax. how about yours?
Up in Northern WI giving a presentation on social media. Sad to be missing #BrewersSMIS, but hope everyone in attendance has a great time!
Chillen outside my house.
Forget tmrw. He ain't getting the game. I'm not taking him all the way out to the mall when he can't even give up the living room one night.
If you are just safe about the choices you make, you don't grow. -Heath Ledger
Life is about sacrifice, this new generation doesn't have a clue.
Things are well lil bro! We're about to shoot another music video. Good things coming fam. Stay blessed
Such a beautiful day! Why do I have to be in this freezing hospital!?
Jesus the reason for the season. Let's give thanks..........,
How often do you AOF?
Everything reminds me of the boys and when someone says "direction" they make me think about them so much more.
Its funny how my friends have guys lining up to be with them and well with me you see no one.
Pendulum swinging back towards print books?!
Miggy Cabrera just took a ball to the eye... Dudes defense is horrible can't even protect His own face let alone third base
Be a voice for at-risk children. Urge your community leaders to support programs and services that help strengthen families
have fun - that sounds like a great night to me!
Um, it looks like charges for in flight movies now. If this is the case, I'm not flying them anymore.
I'm really hoping Austin comes to New York.<3
“: every moment you are given an opportunity, and at every moment you have a choice to see it that way.” Thanks BT - always inspiring!
"Advertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money." -Jef I. Richards
Hey GOP! Better watch out! Keep pissing women off and it'll cost you in November! HINT: WE VOTE #We'veComeAlongWayBaby!
Retweeted that last quote mainly because Audrey Hepburn is credited as saying it. And Audrey H is my absolute FAVORITE!
It's 3:45pm and I've just crawled into bed. Good... afternoon, I suppose.
I can't believe that bike thief video. Incredible!
Change your twitter handle to HairyActress
Le Torte Darthur
I really think the best way for Michael Vick to fully restore his image is to date Sarah Mclaughlin.
I hate washing clothes.
Have I told you lately how much I love ? How did I survive my demos with it?
“: Fletcher Cox will wear No. 91” I feel a twitter name change.
Some guy on Mill just blew a fuse because nobody would tell him what was up!
not even tiredd foreal, but imma go to sleep in a few !
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom a girl could ask for! Sure we argue (alot), but it's only because I'm just like you! Love you always!
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands. One for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
You're hanging your hat on water-boarding. Is that all you got. Ha Ha HaHaHaHaHaHaHaHa You are UNAMERICAN
For my birthday this year im renting a limo and rolling into the city! I wonder whose coming with me!!!??????
Stay hungry, stay foolish.
Well, it's over USA. Sigh.
happy to see you here!
bacck to the money
Only 3. He'd have to sit out a yr in ACC. RT "UW has guaranteed game vs 4 ACC opponents during Uthoff's college career."
Great SEO discussion this morning - Looking forward to next week ; )
okay - everything's cool. okay? - you make no sense. okayy - i don't care. okay.. - you're creepy. okay. - i'm pissed off.
Thursday here we come!
Thank you Drunk Dude. I appreciate you taking the time to explain Exit Through the Gift Shop to me.
“The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.”
I agree need more video of Capt Phil cooking
Thanks for the Retweet
Oh NO! That video did not pass the breakfast test! Will edit next time. :)
I can share what I've used...sign onto Skype and we can do a video call. :)
a broolyn reunion is definitely in order gents. till then, its been a tremedous pleasure...
Christ, I'll take a band with leather pants over a band that "reads music" any day. Reads music?!?! Bruce Hornsby > Slayer?!?!
i wish i had a mom that would actually listen to me & understand me. but my mom just yells at me all the freaking time..
Yay! Thank you!
I'm generally with you, but this guy really stood out in their bowl game. They highlighted him and I paid attention.
Whats going on with Kony Uganda?
I'll.just borrow money from my younger sister(; lol
great, another Reply All shit show
Ever-impressed by the quiet devotion, smarts, & goodwill of the Emory Library staff who are building & supporting
With the 78th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : J. Papelbon
thanks my man!!
he got all these damn foreign ass people writing me now.
something have to give
Introducing my friend + fellow crazy person :-)
I'm number 2 on the ReverbNation Hip Hop charts for COLUMBUS, OH. //$// happy new year 2 all of fb nation get your swag on a million like me
me too xD
i will when i get on fb
me to ima guy and i love tht show
Cathy needs to grow up..
Farewell, Texas!
I am indeed still in one piece-my twisted sense of humor is awfully intact & my Outlandish mind is always planning! So no worries out there!
Before you spend the money to get it on the Radio make sure you spend the time to KEEP IT THERE (Promo Shows, Interviews, etc)
Abraham Lewin’s Warsaw ghetto diary, 8/23/1942: “In Falencia the Jews tried to resist the Germans and they were slaughtered.”
I'm going to start one once I figure out how to offload my excess griffins. Such tempers. The emus of the fantasy animals.
so much shit to do today
blood for her hemmorage. She told him after he pulled Elena out of the water thinking she was dead. That makes the scene...
thank you so much! Happy Cinco de Mayo to yourself. Drinking many margaritas today?
Don't know why, but my twitter app isn't notifying me of mentions or DMs correctly. If it takes me a minute to reply, please forgive. :3
Lol classic nerd backtrack
Rumor has it that tomorrow will be day 3 of snow-mageddon 2011. Which will go first? My liver or my sanity?
If I tell you I admire and like and respect you (and watch your show), will you please get subject & verb right on occasion?
cant wait bitchezzzzzzz
Schedule an appointment today or tomorrow and save $10 on the office call!!!! Please metion this tweet when scheduling your appointment.
They look like you!
Yes, we all agree! MT : Sometimes Twitter's "reply" makes it confusing as to who said what ...
very similar to my life. Though I'm packing instead. Not looking forward to unpacking...
Not tlking abt story so much as Dems falling over selves apologizing instead of pointing out ~95% of SAHmoms worked before
Oh shut it Drew you are way passed me on this train
speed boat.... ALREADY
Have you done a #FunFinder event and loved it? Share your experience with us, we'd love to hear it!!
Has anybody read 50 Shades of Grey?
Help this girl out ---> wants to be a #goldengirl for the mizzou tigers<3
:/ Aww damn. No fun. For sure though. We wish you could make it but we understand.. next show for sure!!
agree completely “: Yup. RT : Know whats worse than the junior announcers? Nothing.””
Wild Things down 11-4 in the bottom of the 8th
Excited about a new #wine venture...stay tuned.
I really enjoy Sleep Again... So underrated.
Finish the 'Best Seller' I've been working on for two years, donate a generous % to the causes I support, promote awareness
We need the churches, business men, the factory workers, the artists, the gays, the nerds, who ever...no exclusion.
Hollywood. Tonite We are Filming Reality SHOW DEMOS. SO HOLLYWOOD. We ARE A NEW ERA OF BUSINESS MEN.
Hell of a play tonight! Not a Reds fan but I watch all the games I can just to see you glove it up the middle!
They call me "Tooth Pick"
oh I so wanna get that!
Today's thought: "There's no point at which you can say, 'Well, I'm successful now. I might as well take a nap.'" C. Fisher
RT : ARTISTS WHO WANT A SPOT IN OUR NEW MAGAZINE ISSUE FT T-PAIN's GROUP "ONE CHANCE"? HIT US . Yeah, www.pinksick.com
My Eating Tour of the Eastern Seaboard is now in jeopardy
Thanks for the follow and hanging with The Blend!
How was Houston? (know it was a while back now)
What a load of crap ;) RT Signs in stalls at work: "All work & no play makes you a crap creative."My response sign:"So do puns."
in a very projectile way :(
happy b-day :)
it would be worse fit the movers!
Thanks for the follow!
Out now from : Who's Afraid of Frances Fox Piven? The Essential Writings of the Professor Glenn Beck Loves to Hate.
were two hearts, but with one beat, were to brain, but with one thought, were two souls but with one.....uh shoe.
I'm going to add another thing to the list that needs fixed on the truck... THE HORN!!!!
#oncmeeting put the patient in the center
gonna go wash ma moms car, get ma hair done, shopping, movies, and then party ;).....too much to do and little time in my hands, yikes !
Approx. how many people do you think were at the meeting last night?
Can acupuncture help relieve stress?
we can take it to the streets.
FREE cheesy bread w/ pizza purchase (not valid w/ discounts on promos) at ! Only w/ a
Attention Parents: don't take offense when I say no thank u to ur kid.
I just inhaled my last fish taco from last night dinner
If you ran like you run your Mouth everyone would be in shape !!!!
“: Call me. Fuck this "maybe" shit.”
Get home and to sleep so you can do the high school thing tonight!! OH, and stop and pick up EmergenC at the drug store.
Loving the energy this morning in the ticket line! So exciting! Can't wait for #byu vs.
We miss YOU!
Love it when A-Roid looks like a Fool!!!
It's Tool Time!!!
Drinking until I blackout
Just left a fab meeting I love the fact that this globally-renowned landscape and urban designer is reading The Hunger Games.
I got you.
Shanquia Garcia,salon owner, answers your most pressing hair questions 2 keep your hair healthy & looking fabulous.Tweet your questions now
Family Guy is hilarious
Met w/ staffer from Sen Skelos office about DVSJA which would expand judical descretion on sentencing incarcerated victims of DV.
Blackshear was a pleasant surprise tonight Kyle had problems with the uk length again
#Gratitude RT : i was just reading intro to "a thousand faces" where you mention her. coincidental and sad.
Hey Kathy how ya been, hope 2012 is treating you well. Unity is doing some great stuff coming up!
I wonder who that's about...... Lol
10/24 on Oscar picks. I definitely did not win the office pool.
Yes call me at 247.0205
Oh you blocked me from seeing anything of yours on Facebook yet we're still "friends", what is this China?
RT : No true Christian is his own man -John Calvin
Seau inspires a reminder: Mental illness is not a weakness; it is a torturous, disorienting ordeal - one that the sufferer did not request.
#Caps announcers should stop with the whole "McQuaid turned at the last second" crap. You leave your feet, you leave the game!
Just threw the new Starbucks coffee in the trash at the end of the drive-thru, leaving the old one in the cup holder… that's called focus.
sure beats a mouse or a bird lol!
That was awesome!
Who is excited for #TheVoice tonight? Part I or II Season Finale! Go
“: Oh yeah, Conda's a role model alright, for vapid bitches who live to hear themselves talk &stir up pointless bullshit. #BL13”
Quick Twitter survey - Youth Lagoon: boring or MOST boring album?
ive been voting for an hour....do i deserve a follow back....guess not since you guys dont see my tweets..no harm in trying
both countries - mine and yours.
“ “ If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you lost.””
Steve jobs is dead?!?!?!?
Awesome half time show! Come down to Karma for the second half, we're just getting warned up!!!
Word.“: Not one tea partier assaulted a cop, threw urine bombs, feces, raped, or vandalized anything today, or ever for that matter.
Randy Foye, you silly goose...where's the court awareness?
Ha! Is the bar owner anyone we know?
should have another party! If someone convinces her ill love them forever.
You have 2 choices: be real with me, or don't f*ck with me. SIMPLE!
Hey there Liezel, its Tara from Afar magazine looking to use some of your photos of A 1000 Tales in our next issue.
That nigga nasty...
today's the big day my mans!!!!
And I wonder if that has something to do with him being in WV.
Very nice! How exciting!
u will burping it if you take too much...
the libs love our rights when it suits them don't they....
#oomf takes forever to text me back ugh
email from email used at sign up. Use subject BOOMER. We'll send tix by noon.
Obama has made a decision not really about same-sex marriage but more about fatting the campaign wallet.
HELP! Need a new follower fast. Not a fan of the 666...
Weston has banned nightclubs, dance halls and skating rinks within city limits
If you’re looking to start a new career, you probably want to choose one that is successful and one that will allow you to help others
Happy HUMP day everyone!!!
Calling me out...it's ok, he is from Arkansas after all...
3" of snow Rio Rancho, NM 87144 northern Meadows area
I ran n hid under my covers. Then fucked up n poked myself in the eye. Smh lmao
Carriers chose to make Android less competitive; IaaS problems seem due to economy of scale than short-sighted milking
Is it really that bad to wash your hair everyday? But then again, I take showers everyday. Wtf. Asdfghjkl confused.
that movie was awesome!!!
Possibly insane to do. If it were a week night I would say no. But we've been so engaged in this I think it might be worth it.
no worries.. not creepinn'
Brignac strikes out three of four batters for the second consecutive inning to keep the Cajuns in the lead 1-0.
#GoodMorning even tho I haven't been to sleep.
Looking forward to presenting the Global Inspiration Collection with the team at the International Beauty Show in New York
Is that a LADDER?
oh aight shyt ill just hit u later then crip
You say pizza, you mean sushi
Thank you for getting the word out there about the Fazzino RIDE!
Lmao oh girl had her a FRESH pair of K-Swiss she thought she was ON! Lmao
I Know right! I want Either 8 Flavahz or Mos Wanted to win... but, as you said, no clear winner yet @
Dinner Time With my Wife @ Gloria's Cocina Mexicana
RT : Whatever you do, do not try & get #wiunion or #wirecall trending. Under no circumstances should you retweet this.
Watching Blade Runner. It is amazing how many scifi movies/books did not predict cell phones.
Congrats on the Colorado win! Thanks for checking in last night. Let us know if you need anything. ^R.S.
Attending the AWM Diversity Symposium.
One of our reference librarians just did a cartwheel on the library floor. I'm damn impressed.
« Let me hear you picks today.. I say Jets, Dallas, Atlanta, KC, SF, Raiders, New England and Pit» What about the #PACKERS? :)
both!! How is school going?! Xoxo
Even if the Aztecs win their last two games and finish 8-4, after tonights embarrassment, they don't deserve to go to a bowl game.
Fuck it, goodnight!
Played first game of strat-o-matic baseball with c. Very fun for both of us. (And memories of blizzard of 78 when I played all week...)
Waiting for 4 publications to come out!! Can't wait to share!
I was thrown off a bit by Jon Hamm. Umph. I'm quite excited.
Great presentation today from B. Follow them now.
great hockey game to watch with my mama. go and happy mother's day!
YES!! And it should be released right in time for my bday :)
quit school. listen to our record instead
Lmao RT Did anyone else see that stare down between Floyd Mayweather and Miguel Cotto?
I'm so bored:(
Yes, but with a harder task the #SNC in #Syria needed to be even better than the #NTC was in #Libya, not worse.
Throw Them <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>'s Up For The Bean
Looking at #mw2011 schedule - geolocation, AR, and linked data all at the same time on Thurs? Oh the tough decisions!
Damn everybody in their feelins today
Fuck you, Heat.
haha when? i've moved like three times.
i like that plan!
JUSTIN BIEBER. OhEmGee.
nope not yet but i just could not remember the password to save my life
Bahá'u'lláh - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Yikes. Not quite the best splash page image for a school in the South known for sometimes having issues.
it's offical... i'm obsessed with E.T by katy perry, :) love her!
Once again I am broke. Come on Friday, I need to get paid again!
love my Sister
actually, your paintings are fantastic. I will be in touch with you!
There is no greater gift than 'giving back'-changing the world through the light of positive change. THANK YOU!
#WeWontWorkOutIf you constantly lie
Tsk tsk timewarner cable. You missed your appointment window. I wonder if the uverse team wants a call?
So You Think You Mr.Funny Guy? Dont Make Me Break Yo Kevin Hart Boy
Chung showing chart on anatomy of discovery for Power of Habit on Lots of elements contrib to success. Fascinating.
I shoulda ran over your feet....
Yeah, slow and scared of the wall is not a good combination for outfield defense.
how much!
my girl
No I won't be silenced nigga
this time next year we'll be enemies
R.I.P momma gibbs </3 she'll be in our prayers <3
Murphy's. Hands down.
I don't wanna go to school :(
I understand, trying to explain over and over gets very tiresome. I eagerly await your reasoning. :-)
Good watching hoop it up today. Definitely schooled and I. Haha!
Im goin to suprise her with strawberries dipped in chocolate!
I just got 25% off at Papa John's! Get the #ChevyGameTime app for your chance to win Chevys and other prizes this
damn son, gotta keep them #meatlessfridays for #lent. its all about Mcdonald's buy 1 get 1 free fillet-o-fish
yes! Century Tree EP is available on iTunes right now
have a great day!
my Squad
everyone's doing it!
Ah nice! Very cool :)
When rappers say "we had to come from overseas on this one!" I wonder where, specifically they HAD to come from.
Magic spells have worn. The Dream has died. On #WreckingBall, delivers an equal parts soaring and sobering state of the union.
thank you! :)
You always have to smile for life, even in the worst days. (Miley Cyrus)
I'm bored
and did you buy flash, or use a free version or something?
Sore throat</3
Your Beautiful <3
then let's move
damn,you aint the only one that said that what being cuffed gotta do with it,
watching weather hoping it doesn't rain.
whats up chicks ? :)
Dam school again!?!
I'm already following her can I DM you my message
Rocky had a warmer personality and more humility
Taking Spencer home... :-)
followed you fellow brit fan! <3
Just going to lay low (movies in bed, cookies, milk) ;-)
Check out our new story about public officials violating the public trust! Corruption and politics? Sounds like a movie in the making...
JIm Calhoun looks awful
This ustream was soo worth the wait after soo long! it was so GRAND!!!
Email support(at)bellycard(dot)com and we'll help you out!
Weather like this isnt going to freeze the tundra #packers www.allwidoiswin.com
If god himself could bless me with wings, lol
Bailey out with a thumb injury, #4 starter Dubront, #5 starter Bard. Aceves/Melancon - Who's your closer?
Want your rescue group to have their own private label coffee? Ask us how!
#nowplaying Parliament Up for the Down Stroke
I'll let you know son!
I am just a Lit shit in a toilet bowl full of of big turds!!!
I love my weird life.
I knew it was just a Front...
huh? lol call me
width.x
Album Of The Year - Faith No More
Slutty zombie only comes out at night.
aah tired of lookin at tits on my TL so goodnight pervs!;)
Make that !
When I hear about you I wonder do you think ppl really like you
Adele's got an amazing voice.
trash talking little kids on mw3 with my mommy <U+E420>
Late for work - again. Whoops!
but if you think about all that niall consumes it comes with liquid which means he must pee quite frequently lol
Upcoming voter poetry slam on October 29, 2010. Sponsored by Voter Assistance Commission.
Oh iSwear The World Better Prepare For When iM A Billionaire (:
God my mentions just blew up! Hahaha
As I have said many a time this year, the Umps suck league wide. get it together.
oh my god legit loved that song! & still do hahah
listening to embrace the martian and thinking of and
haha! now he is running around the house saying " wanna met dwanie dwanie dwanie" he is adorable! hehe u have a new fan!??<3
Well that's a surprisingly small-scale perspective.
Looking fwd 2 your tweets. Your Big Day will come @ the perfect time :-)
Mad ass hell I locked my keys in my car and these fuckers taking all day
always makes my day...or night:D
Oh you again, my beloved...I'm still waiting to have you...
haha sweet. Well if not a job, i'll hopefully be up there for a visit!
Still trying to shake off these #grammy nightmares.. arrgggh
Tech savy Teriyaki Burger....with spicy fries and a coke please! Fuse lunch is looking great!
there's a cocktail umbrella in my underwear, you guys.
Don't send me that link to prove your facts. I won' t read it.
follow me pa guys ! pls .. for the sake of arts ... tnx ..
I am just peachy thanks for asking and yourself?
why won't my nu email open? am i the only one having problems?
Don't want my opinion? Unfollow me.
I appreciate Brewer fans Passion, but the way they turn on certain players the treat others like gold amazes me
Just knocked out a 5 mile run. Feeling good
and if that's not clear enough
Cheap Prescriptions - Savings up to 55% - Winn Dixie - VIAGRA -
Good times at Full Throttle Saloon til Thunder filled the dakota sky, reminding riders they aren't the only force to be reckoned with.
Can't remember if you saw three eps or not, but I have a feeling the second will not swivel that 90% around.
congrats on I deferred a public policy program for one more year of teaching. I think I am crazy.
Make a Wish Everyone!!! Today is November 11th of 2011 and I'm posting at 11:11AM!!! Let's celebrate the number 11!
Hanging out with jade the best neighbor ever, arizona tea and watching mysteries = awesome saturday :)
so how old are u?
Thanks Ricky, it was a great walk. First 2012 at 9pm. It was very quiet RT : The weather is perfect. Have fun!
I was raised by all women still don't think like chick or care to. Be good luck on tht
When you set your ways at a young age it means you are
You have that touch in a girls heat :/
she wax it all off.. Mr miyagi
Our pleasure!
no - thank you you 2 are the best!! love from south florida
On the phone with from DESIGNERS WE NEED YOUR SYMBOLS! If you signed up, PLEASE submit your design ASAP!? THNX
Thanks for a great season boys. We'll see you in April.
its not for sale, it's priceless.
#Twitteback, If You're Bored
ohaii I just got home and I can't sleep still >.<
Good aint Good Enough.
that's a lie stop, lying to yourself. Hahahah. My aunt is your grandma too :o
oh ya !!! I remember him. Dang you guys just produce pitchers like they grow off trees
haha were alive !
a tweeter tweets to tweeps
very diplomatic. To answer your question: good riddance.
Jessie J - Sometimes Dreams Come True (Unreleased Song 2011) - Send to your friends
All those SOLAR solutions are no good if we're drifting away from the sun
Life Time Athletic Club if you want to look into it, it's ~$100/month but it's an $8M facility and looks every bit of it
Would you like your original music featured in the Arrested Development Documentary? Let us know then.
GovPerry says the S&P downgrade illustrates Washingtons spending policy is broken. Suggests debt deal should have cut even more
It's okay cause atleast you have a reason to be conceited, your fucking sexy duh.
Congrats! #350 #1sky together and tough. Pass it on
We have just tapped two of the rarest and highest rated beers you will find: Struise Pannepot Reserva and Grand Reserva. Stop in soon!
Good Morning, we would love the opportunity to interview you in our new mag ! Have a bless day!
Its in your genes to Be YOUrself. Nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
Totally overhearing a convo about a certain client. Surprise, they're saying good things
7 is not coming fast enough!!
#Fundraiser & "doer" r not opposites. "Doing the doing of the doing" is my mantra &I also raise money.They go hand-in-hand.
B.C. foundation wants to repatriate historic rescue medal from 1899
and i don't think many of them have yet to recover
Gotta know you ridin wit me rather I'm right or wrong
Dog The Bounty Hunter RT Q. Fill in the blanks: I get my cooking inspiration from ____________
My 2nd show. Highlight of the day for me was the Panic, who I'd never seen before, and ARU, who were always astounding.
were do you work?:c
i thought it was pretty clever too!
WE ALL TWEET ALL DAY. BHUT I BET 98% DIDNT THANK GOD FOR GIVING YUH LIFE.!! #SMH GOD DESERVES BETTA.!!
See you in July 1 Tix purchased!!
running early. Be there in 5 mins. Just FYI
tried to get there this am but couldn't get it together - looks awesome tho! #jealous See you tomorrow morning?
And a pretty nice one at that
"What are you watching?" "Regular show." "Is that like a show about nothing?" "No, but it's all made up and the points don't matter."
I'm in! Welcome back to the hood! RT : Sounds like a plan to me. cc
yeah well his band is playing at the roxy and I don't have a ride to go :(
Conrad Eustis (PGE): 3m water heaters in NW, load control would provide up to 3 GW - same capacity as 3 nuclear plants.
Don't be an ignorant person
#EverydayIThinkAbout good grammar: it's the difference between knowing your shit & know you're shit.
He walked the stage in his Jordan's <U+270C> lol ,
will you ever come to Hallandale fl?
& Beth! I'm convinced that I'm going crazy. :P
#SomeoneIWantToMeet !(: talked to her b4 and she's so sweet! Everyone go follow her! She #Gorg!(:
What's weird is I don't think I ever followed And he seems to be following me too. "Promoted" tweets is one thing...
I believe in miracles# KNICKS
I Can Only Take So Much
My gosh, I've been so 'be-zy' with our spring honey bee swarm season, I almost forgot how to tweet!
When my muscles ache because I'm sick <<<<<<
Nice enjoy. Christopher Street?
Depressed as fuck..
Agreed, i really Liked that Movie :)
do you love me ~ ariana grande. <3 i can't wait to hear it! :D
Don't it seem like.... like im always there when it matters
Awesome! RT : My kitchen counter looks like a produce stand.
YouTube is great for getting support and audience #preswk12 but terrible for metadata. Vimeo limits downloads.
didn't realize I wasn't near 999, but now almost
Is burton baton back yet in bottles? I'll drink more than I sell!
Getting me is one thing, keeping me is another. Don't lose appreciation for something once you get it, it can be taken away just as fast
Thanks G. Glad to know you are on my side.
Walking, gardening & even housecleaning can strengthen your bones.
It wasn't THAT big (sadly). Sure was great tho!
Delta Air Lines has been named the official sponsor of Major League Baseball in Japan through next December.
Obama: Take the money we're no longer using at war, take half of it to pay debt & use the rest to do some nation building here at home
You still use Quark?? Talk about
The Hollywood agent e-mail has been sent! Fingers, hands, legs, everything crossed!!
i woke up at 7:45 this morning. for normal people, this is like sleeping past 2. must have a clear conscience.
Shouldn't there be a game on TV? This weather is getting me ready for football!
yes it was. Thanks for coming Jarel!
Preciate that bro! RT : ey, that "Without You" joint is a banger.
Who's watching Finding Your Roots on Channel 13 right now? on now!
#Herzliyaconf ambshapiro "viability and durability. I don't see a threat on the horizon. The fundamentals are never called into question"
The idea that once you achieve “success” (whatever that is to you), you will then not have to work so hard is not True.
you should make videos of you freestyling :) please?
#Pope B16 to meet w/Raul, maybe Fidel, in Havana today; Venez.'s Chavez, in #Cuba for cancer treat, didn't ask to meet, #Vatican says.
I need ya email.... Email u some shit
music was my first love...your mama was my second.
NBC continues to struggle. Excluding football, would be tied with Univision for 18-49 viewers according to NY Times
was up fool...where u been hiding...dm me yur #...we need to take over again...
Its take more care to not give a fuck.
Time is flying 2day..already 20mins in2 my lunch.
i really just wanna be left alone, is that too much to ask for?
I'm sorry there was so much traffic - but I had fun singing old songs with you!
We'll also be at ICMS in Kalamazoo this week! Check out the Journal of Medieval History & medieval studies books at our booth
Good morning, Ladies! (:
US Supreme Crt to rule on constitutionality of life w/out parole for juveniles convicted of homicide. Read our amicus brief: bit.ly/wdVLPt
Teaching my grandma to google things that I can't explain over the phone >
#Livetweets from church. Theres nothing as spiteful as a catholic whose pew has been taken up by another family.
so true!
Mom, may I remind you my call time is at 6... I still have to go get chips and 2 liters... Please hurry up.
just bought the LatiNations.com url, La La LatiNations.com (that tagline took me 3hours and its not even mines)
What was the first #W2P #SaaS (Software as a Service) solution? PagePath came out in 1998 with vDocs, relabeled as MyOrderDesk in 2000.
good mornin twitter and my bad tweetzer people!
Big Bill is doing his famous magic dance to help the #Bears with their offense. C'mon, team!
Well, can't wait for in a Mavs uniform next year...
OMG!! haha your right, that DID cheer me up lol
If I was a girl who just got my weave done, I would have been screaming AND stabbing! lol
You know you paid when you rockin widd Meechie
SCOOPED ::What makes children return over and over again to a beloved book? The Artistry Of 'Children's Picturebooks' Revealed...
congrats.. I'm sure the future Mrs Grover will make a beautiful bride
MORE STUFF FOR REGISTERING AT THE EXPO - Certificate for custom lob wedge or rescue wood..courtesy Dimension Z Golf....
They also might be avoiding it because there may be no easy solution. Copyright law doesn't fit neatly within new sharing tools.
#PeterCoffee from #SalesForce takes center stage. Interesting discussion right off the bat. #Phorum12 is where it's at today! Come on down!
Spring makes its own statement, so loud and clear that the gardener seems to be only one of the instruments, not the composer. ~Geoffrey...
I'm sorry, does it look like I care? Cause if it does, that look is on my face by accident!
What makes a diamond in the rough is the rough process it takes to get that diamond to sparkle.
It will be beautiful when it is done...
time is of the essence.
Fun Fact of the Day: Ants are social insects and live in colonies which may have as many as 500,000 individuals!
Glad you liked it! RT Outstanding presentation from last night mtg! Mighty fun hearing and talking to you.
lmfao. I saw Paranormal Activity 2 last night...laughed through the entire thing :D
Congrats to faculty on Top Doctors list. See you at reception
This time, next week, IT WILL BE THE LAST DAY OF SCHOOL AND THIS YEAR WILL FINALLY BE OVER AND SUMMER 2012 WILL FINALLY START
I need a manicure, a pedicure and to go tanning a few times.
Shoutout to the mahomies who will meet him for the idc-how-much-th time - I don't even have a poster.
Leftover goodies from for lunch in the office today. Nachos and tacos and guac, oh my!!
don't go to the quads.. There are 4 million middle school kids there
Just wanted to say I'm proud of you and the entire #ThinkLikeAMan cast/crew. What a fantastic film! Very well done
- Or, if he's not an idiot, he was doing a great impression of one up there tonight.
How much did THAT cost the AD? RT this years Lady Bears not the greatest, next years is! We return all 5 starters!
Another impromptu pizza party in the office!
I won't I'm a lovely driver :)
lol last night was busy!!! ;)
The kid only loves me because I know where to buy the best oatmeal raisin cookies. I'm okay with this.
What kind of events would you like to see happen at Urban Betty salon?
Day 3 of full training for Miss New Mexico! Met w/my coach & feeling motivated!
I know this already
Got a free upgrade on my ipod touch, free cd, and free food at Lenny's!!!
Website Going Live at noon!! :)
Pre-concert talk tonight w/ composer John Harbison before Beethoven/Harbison/Brahms. Free for concert ticket holders.
Yes season 6 of Weeds! You did good Netflix
Getting back to the daily grind of recording "Think and Grow Rich" for an audio book job. #voiceover #VO #voice over
Hey Seth- is hosting entrepreneurship event in Miami in June Please DM your email so I can extend invite thx
Junior Golf Equipment - 25 Plr Articles Pack!
Just sent out more info about #RAWconf. I can't believe it is only 25 days away!
' Victoria Justice is Inspirational ' is trending :{) . Yep, It's true that she's inspirational. She's my role model.
no problem glade to find Prince fans there is no one quite like Prince
Ok RT : If we ever whoop dee whoop I want all that bleep dee bleep
Double chocolate cake and ice cream m...m...m
Dinner time =d
I know it's alexis&Justin's baby :D They broke up though..since the baby..It's so hard on Lexi
Stop using YOLO as an excuse to act stupud.
Sometimes I like to imagine Werner Herzog narrating my life.
#celtics #Boston peeps, whose the lady on the floor with the glittery jersey on who everyone is taking their picture with?
Good Morning! Check out the NEW and IMPROVED Kiss and IM INTERACTIVE www.kissandim.com! xo
make up sex is the best! <3
Free promotion site on my profile. Try it out if you need more follows, Follow4follow? i am interested :)
Well, hello Friday...so nice to see you!!
il try to txt u r all those dick pics of u??
: That statement is insulting to "Shit" ...
Currently listening to: JT Dale - Skyros
Kerbey Lane Lemon Poppyseed Pancakes are what I look forward to every Spring. Why? They TASTE like Spring!
Tat my Fukin name On u So i know its Real... ayee
fuck that too...no more for me!
Football game, then spending my day watching the Ironman World Championships!
So no Kentucky v Indiana next year? Coach Cal and Kentucky are so afraid of losing that precious home game winning streak
Help WPFW spread the word! Share Our Facebook Page with your Friends
never received the video of the awards ceremony? Did your dad send it?
do they have any with enough stretch to wrap burrito style? If not, guess there are tacos in my future!
Go to tinyurl.com/aisofjoa to get a free I-Pad 2! ( FOR U!)
#ThingsIhate movies that are so good and then the ending makes you want to stab the director...
Tickets on sale now at www.albuquerquescifiexpo.com. $50 VIP $25 two day passes, $15 daily pass, and $5.00 for kids.
She speaks to me with the subtle tongue shared between lovers. She chose another, we can't keep sharing this language, it isn't to be used.
he is 20
Who's going to the ASCAP expo? We're doing a demo- will have special merch for #Twitter friends
My mom paid for my first two years of college at Livingstone...best years of my hbcu life!!
This is a great new twitter page dedicating the revolution & loyalty to baseball in Miami! Show some love, K!
look her up when you next come the States. She's the most delicious fun!
heard from friends at home your amazing Californian golden single malt goodness is coming to #DC - welcome & thank you!
Wow eff you.
isn't the Cataloging Digital Media workshop also being offered online?
so full. so sleepy. Pretty Womans on tho...
Thanks weather idiots for once again using a Ouija board to predict the weather. On the + side early start to my day = lots done.
So now the contestant they call Mantasia is singing a Fantasia song. Time for a bathroom break.
YOU DON'T KNOW THE STORY.?!
I miss you boo :(
Time to put Lopez back in. Frye is 0-2 from 3s and hasn't played any defense yet. Lopez had 4 points and a few boards.
Big thanks to for doing a fab job photographing event!
Well that game sucked. Guess I'll go back to worrying about stuff thats been bothering me today. Not to forget I don't feel good physically
#cnndebate #santorum #romney #newt #ronpaul Earmarks are not about policy but getting campaign donations in return for earmarks
nascar racing at phoenix :) lets do good in practice and hope kevin harvick look strong and hope to win race! go
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 28
Danielle = Dancer ,Eleanor = Model, Me = Potato
Had da weirdest dream, I gues daydream...when I awoke it felt as if I jst had a near death experience; as if I jumped right back in2 my body
i just did
--comparing notes & brainstorming ways to lighten load on DH leadership by addressing "eternal September" problem noted by 2/2
I have one at 8 too
RT : When soaked in Baileys, marshmallows gain magical healing properties. ME-good to know, thx for the tip!
you already know we two bruthas who ain't scared to voice opinions lol
Happy Holidays from RIF Pittsburgh!
Thx for Tweeting!
Thanks for coming out to see us and The Room!
That taco bell hit the spot sleep time :)
RT : Watching I Spy- Can't imagine that I've visited the place in the movie-Budapest The green bridge
Getting my morning 5k run in....POOF!!!!
Hahahaha some things just never change at PHS
RT ": Inquiring minds want to know. RT ": what's a good place to get a light dinner in DC?""
Whoever u are should be reflected in your deliberate life
HTC Titan Coming to AT&T on November 20
Hm. I've been her since 7:30 a.m. and this is the first time I have been at my desk. I wonder what the rest of the day will be like.
thanks for nothing. Have been trying to order certificates since 11AM today, site under "scheduled maint." BOGUS.
OMG YES<3 you heard my prayers!!
saw a girl once with 'TACO' in the tramp stamp area... Wish I could snapped a pic
yes in the bay
haha there's nothing like Mac's pizza with a chocolate chip cookie..oh the days when I could eat gluten! :)
Bring It On was the #1 movie this day in 2000. Give me an S! Give me a T! Give me a U! Give me a P! Give me an I! Give me a D!
lol working but im back
Watch your head. Zombies. Still doing that?
I keep seeing all these guys that look like him lately. IT'S FUCKIN ANNOYING :l
So sad 2 see how we r so damaged by misinterpretations of Bible scriptures w/o realizing it. Judgmental folk have done more harm than good.
#ImThatPersonWho willforever support the music scene&support bands no matter what direction/turn etc. the scene takes
Stay tuned for studio updates here on Facebook all day long!
Aw, thank you! Too bad Nick Cannon cannot go away like that - and STAY away. Hehehe
Filming the first episode today or rehearsal?
I WANT TO BE A HOE SO BAD and congrats on 11,000 Subcribers you deserve every single one Please RT!!!!!
will do. U can look on the site for my number.
vir follow back ya :D
I'm so sorry you're having to deal with this.
Hate when I wake up thinking it's a saturday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Iqht na for my top 10 niqqaz in my circle... Only bc its Friday ya heard meh
It's fine, not even raining surprisingly enough.
Our server is down for maintenance so we appreciate everyones patience and will let you know when it's up again., Thanks Fatt Wallet Apparel
SOCIAL REFORM is "TRICKLE UP ECONOMY" in the END...not TRICKLE DOWN....especially from a MILITARY INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX
Haha well. Boring to be honest. Me having a street team is the most exciting thing that's happened this week lol
I print my Zipcar reservation because paper feels real, don't need to worry that there might be a problem with my phone.
": IT'S NOT WORTH WINNING IF YOU CAN'T WIN BIG." great mighty duck reference.
Q5 My unpaid practicum library was a fabulous experience, but I did have another part-time job while in school
Just found my hand in another Clorox commercial! Yes!!
Thanks for your support!
Life is so hard right now. We couldn't make a living at Crete and now we are trying to find a job. I'm so worried!
Might as well
vRT Headed to Uptown lounge with it's about to get crazy!!!!!
How do you think Penn State Football will do in their bowl game?
Clarissa told 'Sen to smell the laundry detergent & she fuckin' drinks it hahahaha
xmen first class was an action pact movie that i would recommend to anyone who likes mutants or the cold war or both
Tired Of Never Being Satisfied . Show Me Something Different.
: would love to play some disc golf with you guys soon. me and ,
New Website! Go check out YesterdayRocks.com!
Ugh I Hate Rude Mf's...
Hi back! Thanks for following!
It is never too late to be what you might have been. George Eliot
Just saw your question! Shows you how swamped I've been! *sigh*
Using TAP 1.0 for an iPOD touch tour for ’s Dyeing Elegance exhibit opening next week. Working great.
you trying to get it in today?
Then saw black swan... Good but I guess I couldn't separate her delusions from her reality so i dunno... Weird
Love is a thousand miles long but comes in six inch installments.
HA! RT : #FUNNY I love my computer because my friends live in it.
It sucks that Gary Ross won't be directing #CatchingFire Thanks for doing such a great job on he first movie. #ThankYouGaryRoss *salute*
Picker Sisters is a FLUKE! Dressed like they're going clubbing! Everything is out in the open and staged! Beef cake at the shop is a tool!
I close my eyes and I can see a better day. I close my eyes and pray. <3
No thank you :) RT Thanks for connecting
I can't believe channel 8 wouldn't take off dancing with the stars to update us on the storms everywhere. Shame on Wfaa
can I get a jr whopp with a dp23
No! Haven't seen that, looks cool. Think we are gonna go for The Third Person
Congratulations to and senior class for leadership in creating senior class endowment and Wisconsin Idea Scholarship. Nice!
Congratulations to the Duke basketball team!
Your strength shows up when you need it the most
2-4-1 cocktails and appetizer special 2nite. Come see Baltimore's sexiest lounge!!! spinning house aftwerards!
I took off running like I was in the 4x100 and stuck my arm back to get the baton
Lmaoo lets get you some followers ! :D
hope u find some huevos today. ;) miss u babydoll
I hate Facebook sometimes...
RT : Fandom is looking for designer/front end dev who is awesome at aesthetics, social design & #WP competent.
what's been up?
Cars hiss by my window, like the waves down on the beach
Assembly passes AJR 63 which would limit recall elections to instances of misconduct in office, 60-37
I want to find a #TCOT or a Tea Party conservative who wants to contribute to a political column, anyone interested?
can see why it's your favorite you look amazing
Y does no one talk about law when they talk about gay marriage? Our laws assume marriage is between a man & a woman.
I hadn't ever noticed them, either! No idea how long they've been there.
bo. I'll be up at pachanga
Bouna Coundoul failed to stop a penalty kick against Real Salt Lake Saturday night.
OH: I don't have a personality like you so I need a V-neck to put the boobs on display.
Come ShoW YouR Hair Some LOve!!! Completely Repair your hair with a Silk Treatment, added shine and moisturizers.
There is NO doubt that what i feel is real.
If this #cloudcomputing thing is so popular why aren't people using it for their #RPG applications?
Lol dont you love it when ppl are makin a keek and they dont realize u only get 36 sec and they keep talkin
I noticed that too - it's the little tweet gremlins.I noticed I am not following other people who I previously followed as well x
Welcome! Hope you enjoy your stay!
on the NEW SEED -- Sorry so late... Not sure if we are FAM anymore BIG UPS to family & fatherhood none the less!
Just made our airplane reservations for in Philadelphia next month! Looking forward to it!
I've seen enough ugliness to last a lifetime - from now on, I will live a life of servitude - - - dedicated to absolute beauty...
mom of triplets and twins! happy mothers day, forgive us for not saying so earlier.
no easy way gout!
Wobbing it up at
Really wish I could be fishing right now, or on the lake somewhere. Possibilities are endless too bad I'm stuck at work.
Dear #NCAA, Figure it out. Let play already. The 6th Amendment should apply to you also.
maybe step back and re-look at the world through child eyes
where are u at? :D
Ashley is a thorough-bread thug.
love you
Today was the first day the strawberries at the farmers market really looked great. Good arugula, too.
my mansion after this game for drinks?
Please baby Jesus, anywhere but Denver. I dont want to cheer for Peyton to lose every game in the remainder of his career.
Woke up at 7:30am. Wanted to only check email & get back to sleep-here it is an hour later. UGH! Time to get the coffee-fuel & get workin
Im off that Ciroc Peach heavy rite now
55 more miles!(:
That show still exists? #imserious #nottryingtobefunny “: Did u catch on 'Last Call w/ ' last night?
Im glad NBC and Chevy still aired the 2012 commercial.
Yay! Hope you had a great Sunday : ) Thank you for always being so sweet and supportive!
The secret is sour cream.
I love Cher Lloyd..she is flawless okay
yeah, i was installing the Messages beta until I saw its 70MB. really? pass. its on my ipad anyway.
damn right it wont.
Ditto! RT : Great catching up today folks!
Some ppl in life you should try and stay away frm. (drama defines them
Watched a webinar on turning PLR books into profitable niche books. One of the best webinars I've ever sat through.
need to do that every Sunday!
A #Spurs win would totally make my night a trillion times better.
Not sure i will get to watch/listen to the beginning of #Caps game due to work. Keep me posted if anything happens.
I got a chance to visit the distillery last year, they are great guys and run a super cool Distilling class.
Metallic red foams is mean
- can't wait for this weekend
Hit me whenever its ready...
is 4.5 hours fast or slow?
sure Chris, hit me up on Skype!
It's the only game I have. Shazaam. Big Game Out!
Weak brands promise. Great brands deliver.
“: lol I was too done” you was fresh doe... Mines blue so I guess aint..... Lol we had fun
VACATION TIME!!!! I LOVE Martha's Vinyard!!! Dude, you would NOT believe how many hot white GILFs are on this island. Yeah, son!!!
She was eating some noodles. lol
I'll join you :)
niggas haven't even sent them their pics :P
Can anyone in Iran confirm earlier rumours about the army moving into Tehran? DM if you know anything
could someone make a "sh!t people in sh1t people say video say" so everything is in one place, the Internet would appreciate it
They were on sale at Walmart, that's why ;)
WHAM was even better this year than last year. Keep it up! Such a fantastic event--already looking forward to the next!
Listening to Chris Brown while doing homework, i cant stop thinking about Nick Breezy.
DSL modem? DLinks are usually pretty good.
Lies you mean af lol RT : I'm a very sweet and nice person, IDK why people think otherwise -__-
why we like arks & dois...
I can't stop laughing!!
Black police be all laid back in they seat....talkin bout "10-4 nigga....where da hoes at!"
Congrats to for hosting a great SOLD OUT show with Thanks for letting me be apart of it.
Woohoo! Welcoming back Brandon Stokley to the ! #reunited!
It worked! I got through the rough patch! (Of course I don't have any cookies left...)
Thursday - WildBills Friday - Halolounge Saturday - Reignnightclub #Lets get it !!!!
Thank you for the retweets! We are excited to see people promoting our clinics!
Amazing! Seeing friends after so long is fantastic.
I Love That song ! <3
Powerful session today in Chicago. A true human potential accelerator. Thx for bringing NEI Grantees here.
Thanks for storifying! I wasn't there on Day 1 so this is very helpful.
Become a specialist in doing the "wholly impossible," the things that cant be done. Norman P Veale
Tweeting while graduating..
Yo when you schedule something you better be there before I do
my goal today was to have 600 followers, and it looks like i aint gonna reach it :(
excited to go upnorth this weekend for my bday with my hubbie :) I hope we get #snow!
Ian, I read it and felt motive, impulse, incentive, and intimation
“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.” A.Schweitzer
My last all nighter of the quarter. The am to am life.
the cat lady one was THE WORST. my GF and i love that show.
thanks - I try. ...and yes, it looks like everything is being returned. :-)
next get the presso hand espresso machine
": And the Lions come all the way back. This however, does NOT excuse Tony Schefflers TD dance." -Seriously. "We are."
watching live on upstream.! lovee u (:
I check myself every day just to make sure this is the same person.
“Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.”
why are u cooking in boxers anyway.
we love that Saturday feeling too!
It wasn't us... but we'll take credit if you want
YW! Congrats! Thank U again for yr support of Captain Downtown! With yr help we raised over $2,000 for SAAF!
Um yea you can i will still be fangirling when im 90 and they are playing justin bieber music!
well you're very welcome!
Being daddy to the sweetest little girl truly is the greatest thing in the world!! I love, love, love it!
Dropping Studly at the vet before heading into the office. I have a heavy heart & a sad feeling he might not be coming back home. Sad times
Can they please vote off Colton please?
Good job out there today!!! #winning!!!
Nizam: "mistakes will happen" Stacey Price introduces 1st panel. Geoff Dawson, Ben's Chili Bowl, DCRA & ABRA
She blowin me kisses.
& if they're directioners too they have next years tour & new album to buy.
Haters Only Hate The Things That They Cant Get And The People They Cant Be.
I can't stop watching BOYFRIEND video! U make me so happy :3
Not yet. Oh god, is the prom episode worse than this? I hate everything. Except this last song -- Shake It Off. *tears*
so positive!
Strong words S/O
Wrangler is going all Brett Favre with their Brett Favre spots
I can't the Yankees lost Rivera for the season might never see him pitch again :( I hate these ACL injuries
Congrats! That is a great bike.
Yikes! Extreme closeup
If pixels were diamonds the internet would look really cool.
just watch your new video! fell inlove with yur music!! #1 FAN RITE HERE!!((:
Man in a uniform? Not a problem RT : no fair. I gotta shave for the volunteer fire department I'm on.
I'm about ready to shoot. wanna step away from studio do some location shoots...
Great day in Elliott County- phenomenal community support! Thank u for letting us be a part of such a great event!!
I've had to enter emails and pws about 100 times on the iPad. Anyone have a way to auto this?
my girlfriends boyfriend was to cute! Loved it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
#random: there are some very crazy people in this world.
i miss u so much <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
"you even sound big on the phone" J.M Lmfao. Dudes a nut.
#Taurus hate being misunderstood so listen carefully, pay attention and don't ask dumb questions, and stop inventing conversations.
My plant died :(
Nothing worth being is easy. We're all becoming more.
I needs my phone back !!
So, I'm right? It's officially 'wet' season now?
no problem cutie :-)
omg, 's BG is flawless.
beautiful day in Vegas
I can't keep accusing him of doing shit because I been doin' it.
happy birthday to
S/O to the jh softball girls for winning our first game tonight!
Tomorrow's magic number 42. Which is also the answer to life the universe and everything.
friday! have a great one!
then what would I do?
I said IS IT bad? And I got my answer from the star herself, :D
I'm writing lots of valuable tests->"I'm a winner!" I'm writing lots of valuable tests and it's nearly midnight->"I'm a loser!"
Kenny Powers and cross stitch. A perfect way to spend the evening.
that dosnt even make sense
Plan B!
yes sir!
Our inequality materializes our upper class, vulgarizes our middle class, brutalizes our lower class.
Bummed that national commercial audition was cancelled today, but just got a feature film audition to make up for it!
And my gmail seems to be working again
I used to Sneak home when I drank and drove to avoid Police. Now that I Dont Drink And Drive I never Get stopped. Bonding 24/7
Marty in Houston: Lines 20 cars or so long at some gas stations along I-10.
Come back come back come back to me like, you would you would if this was a movie..<3
What do you wish your business site would do that it's not doing?
you should see his brother
I will never understand why I believed your lies.
yet Brit don't sit either lmao.
how was it??? xx
thanks for all of your help with #IBC - Rocks!
I think so. If not its only a few weeks of not talking.
agreed... needs to get w/ the program. Maybe can help her w/ that too?
well she said no lolol
Silver Stars trail the Mystics 18-16 at the end of the first quarter. Offense still not.clicking.
If discovery happening outside the catalog; users use catalog to see what we have, why put effort to enhance discovery?
Any oomf in new Orleans?
“: How I met your mother” funny as show right there! :) aha
yes! My blackberry died and I was up for an upgrade anyway.
yes I'm totally sure my dear !!! Until June ;)
“: I'm gonna go home and have a blunt ...and honest discussion with my kids about the dangers of drugs.”
10 A.M and I didn't sleep till now No Way
bring it on is on tv o.o
It's Tuesday Night Trivia and it is the final week of Trivia League play starting at 7:30! A few hints...This week we look into...
We are hosting an event at Buddha Lounge above Saki Tumi!!! It's going to be amazing... What are your plans?
I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER!
Glad to see Castleberg's name wasn't attached to new Dupli project (I can forgive him CYRUS, or 35 Shots of Rum played for immature laughs)
Reading tweets from 2000 people makes it hard to see the context and makes each tweet its own separate thing. This makes them extra silly.
Just live your life with purpose
I just watched you on Charlie Rose. You come across as a really good person. R.I.P. Whitney
Justins my little purple ninja <3
me thinks that every horoscope should read: "Your day is already a failure. You rely on horoscopes."
#ThankYouThursday to new followers Looking forward to your tweets!
Reading The Journalist and the Murderer right now and agree RT : often think "true story" is a contradiction in terms.
The best date is to be with someone who can take u anywhere without touching anything but your heart...
Born in Boston, but did not attend Boston U.
Anyone up wanna text me <U+E414>
Some people should not have the word "sexy" before or after their name... It's false advertisement... LOL
Sometimes u have to cry in order to smile in the end
Gets my vote!RT : Free lobster with every 1,000 followers.
i.hate.you. i need halloween NOWWW. =w= <333
what channel is the game
nothing lasts forever even cold november rain...
yes!!! She would have so much fun<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> and I have to hear all about your vacation<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Holy crap! 1 week from today we'll be at the
Looks like I'm in for a long, hot Summer.
Why do this boy keep texting me !!! So damn annoying >_<
haha - it was his hawaiian shirt under his jersey - coolest man ive ever met maybe
I was Army doc in Sidney when Huskers broke Oklahoma streak Great celebration I shook hands with the US Senator 1963 & 2 kids born there
It is at the Apple iTunes app store and the Android Market. I think young golfers will really like it.
OK! Awesome! Fingers crossed!
Hey buddy. :)
#Iran talks amount to nothing more than more time for Iran to build its #nukes. The time for talk is over! RT
I hope we're able to see The Avengers today! :)
lol. This has not been a good watch. Cuse wouldve annihilated wisconsin if not for that insane amount of 3s
We are all connected to one another in the heart.
no. Why?
When brian steals my phone<<<
Great to hear that a CS undergrad is a coauthor. I enjoyed her slides!
Don't be wastin mfs time.
Ugh!, My wisdom teeth gotta go
Just found out my cousin spread some of my Uncle's ashes on the finish line at Suffolk Downs. It beats a boring eternity in the graveyard
The Orioles are undefeated since BONO and the EDGE blessed Baltimore with their extraterrestrial and "Jesus-like" powers ....
Happy Saturday, everyone!!! Any fun plans in and around the Burgh?? How 'bout 'dem Buccos!!!!
Oh no! Really??? Well either way it'll be worth the wait, but it will be painful lol
Austin was my 15th follower on this account hehe (:
Bones got this
Lets see what Milton Bradley has to say
thanks! I am too and that the kid wasn't in the car.
that poor Dominican chick..lol
The weather today >>>
no clue yet...
Why is putting on my daughter's bike helmet the hardest thing I've ever done? A conglomeration of straps. I just can't even it out!?!
The panel is now reviewing application #120012 for Indianapolis Public Schools
Can we get some Ezell's?
Sounded great at last night!
Spent the night booking hotels for my European trip in the Fall; now I can't sleep because I'm so excited!
What was it?!
We are here for all of our British followers
I ain't eeeem mad she blocked too.
The storm is rolling off the lake - it's really neat to watch!
Why must we always care about impressing others when we should only care about impressing God?
Finish up this song n get it out dere
You can email supportseattle at uber dot com after and I can manually adjust it! :)
If you are in the Somerset and Lake Cumberland areas, check out the EKU SBDC office in Somerset. Give them a call! 606.678.3042
where it will die. Sad.
Hoping to be over the gluten allergy fever finally broke at 430 this morning and finally slept. Staying home to make sure it's gone
Governor says he's willing to consider a revised tax bill, but GOP doesn't seem inclined. Zellers - "I don't know."
Shellac manicure and pedicure. $38.
Puppy montage?? Wish I watched that show.
I've just tweeted the Zaarlys we've put up so far! We've got some more coming this afternoon.
I just have that feeling again that someone in the world is involved in a domestic dispute over yak butter right now.
Sport doesn't build character, it reveals it.
haha "but sometimes I do."
The humiliation is never ending.
I know. Im sorry I brought it up. So whatsup
it's going to be a great time! Glad you'll be there with us.
how are things on the right coast? How's the family?
hey dont fake your death please
Freelance opportunity: looking for PPC campaign manager on a contract basis. Please have them reach out to me.
NEW MENU! Grassfed Beef, Classic Buttered Salmon Steak and our B Veggie with a new array of toppings and sauces! Stop by today!
Have a great day, Jim...and it's WE who thank YOU for watching!!!! :)
<----- this guys a waste of space
Note: the first person who replies to tell me that was a stupid anagram get a meteorite. A fsking big one.
- We got in the car after the Prayer Tour show & KROQ played the set list in its entirety. Swooned.
ty is thank you!
yea b-words !!
You'll definitely enjoy the movie regardless, but you should track down Captain America if you can. I think you'd love it.
Great job, , for the FORECASTS AND PREDICTIONS for my sign, #Cancer. I usually don't believe in these things, but she's right!
lol he's the most talked about athlete, I love joking about the hype of him..!!
with so few characters its hard to make a clear post. Just saying that RP can't say much about GJ now. I much prefer RP wait see
Woot! Looking forward to this #weekend & yes, to #MONDAY as well!
thanks for the suggestions :)
Haleo is the new luau dinner & show each Monday evening. Hope you'll join us soon!
The #awkward (and unfortunate) moment when you realize you ate the plastic sticker from an apple.
I followed them ^__^
Virginia white wine, teriyaki tofu and rice with spicy broccoli. Don't mind if I do.
you're welcome :p
your welcome
Can't breathe..
#BreakALegDarren! Wish I could be there :(
Enjoy every little second of life that you have; because you'll never get that second back.
I know that is having a heart attack right now at this amazingly close game. Wish I was there too!
Trying to find a lunch truck in Downtown now! See anything?
u must see 's amazing and inspirational story of Daniel Huff! link to follow!
man fuck you and your protected tweets
Sex hasn’t always been associated with sin and guilt. Pre-Christian religions often regarded sex as a celebration and as a form of worship.
how much ukulele is in the new DMB album? I just bought the same uke as Dave.
ARIGHT. let me know when you wanna go!
For everyone of us that succeeds, it's because there's somebody there to show you the way out
Manage all your warehouses / inventory from a central location or your home - using any computer. Access with your user name and password.
Diddy is the man… Imma be rich……. Thanks.. Music Videos on deck starting at $500…
I went to high school there!
You are!!
Men's tennis vs. Hanover today at 4:30 on Mount TV 2.
It's one version better than USB 2. Duh.
video chat
TO MY HAIRS.
you know I'm always here if you need me. ya could call or shout me anytime.
Im @ Brookvin in Brooklyn -cute wine bar & $5 glasses of wine
Awesome, thank you!
Well, I guess i picked correctly for my one regular-season NBA game to watch for the year.
suck it up. LOL. Morning.
love the work you're doing!
Some nights, I can't sleep because my mind is consumed with the thought of how much easier it would be if you were by my side.
u should! I'd help u w/gas since i dnt hav a car.
RT : The #digitalstorytelling Daily is out! bit.ly/bRPjpr <U+25B8> Top stories today via
"I want a dropdead gorgeous boyfriend who's really into me". Hm don't we all.
I'm jealous, I'd kill for a po boy right now. Take food pics!
feel better now head was killin
Kids (Keep Up)
April 30th will be turning a new page as that's when the stitches come out. Until then, it's Slugfest 2000, which is fine. Naps are awesome.
yeah I use facebook too. I tend to use twitter to post all the random cool stuff and facebook for more personal stuff
GREAT Day for the #CLIPPER long time fans!! RT : I'm so happy right now. You guys have no idea. No idea.
Either there's a new Twitter DM scam going around or a whole lot of people suddenly want to have sex with the genealogy magazine I work for.
Never could have imagined 30yrs ago when I first heard Sugar Hill Gang that my kids would be dancing to them on a video game.
Goodbye, cruel world. I'm leaving you today. Goodbye... goodbye...goodbye..
ask she has roofing stories!
'American Idol' Finale Recap: Lauren Alaina And Scotty McCreery Duke It Out
Jay Leno on Cory Booker: You usually only see politicians running into a woman's house because he forgot his pants. Leno's on a roll tonight
RT #justread The Mighty Miss Malone by Christopher Paul Curtis, one of the best writers of children's lit around, IMHO
don't have any followers yet, but maybe one day I will...
Let's go over the final review but I'm not going to show you how to work it out. Okay ms roe.
I'm doing great Papi wbu
Forshadow?? “: Herman Cain today -- "You look familiar. Who are you with?" Me - KARE 11 Herman -- "Are you one of the anchors?"”
Q: Why do they call it Xbox 360? A: Cause when you see it, you want to turn around and walk away.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT? I treat them with love an respect.
Travelled 544 miles this weekend and came home to a leak in my ceiling last night. Let's take some exams!
50 first dates!
I heard dubstep in the Wrath of the Titans Tv spot. So so so fitting.
Everyone's pickled by 10 pm. It's gonna be a good night
Who's playing in the veto competition?
Send me your email in FB. JeJe did & she has a copy
Oh.. Alright weellll goodnight.
We just sent you an email inviting you to our "Taste of Italy" event at the Italian Embassy. Hope you can make it!
Ill finally be seeing my husband Drake tomorrow night in Denver Colorado (:
RT need more advise on what to do in San Diego .. follow
*I message you* (..& you don't reply back) OH YOU MUST BE TOO COOL TO TALK ME. hm.
Okay, friends, I'm LIVE for the #STOU - give me a boost let's go! ZenLive.tv
Happy Thanksgiving!(:
okay let's plan a day ! But we're gonna have to make like 600000000000000
I LOL'd! Call in this week!
who will be at the Black Stone Cherry / Chickenfoot show tonight???
It appears our Twitter account has been hacked. We did NOT send out any spam messages or links. Please DO NOT click them.
Bye Davy...thanks for all the fun...hope to see you again...you will be missed...cv
": At the same damn time" on the phone cookin dope
very interested in Area Director Jobs in Milwaukee.
go broncos beat ne beast mode move out
have a great Wednesday!!!!!
I charge $50 an hour, when would u like to schedule our first appointment? (:
You sound surprised ;) RT : SIAN ad script alive and kicking in squarespace. That's good news.
Remember once you find it email us @ the email on the card.
Cooking hotdogs would be a plus. Let's get on that!
"Yank clenches his fist, his face growing pale with rage, as if the skin in the window were a personal insult." THE HAIRY APE
I feel for you, truly.
We formed a great partnership with in Seattle - that's how it started! Email us for more info.
#sljsummit10 Harris & enhanced "Dracula": Challenge of publishers creating the reading "experience" or kids creating their own experience
The tin can collection got under way and we collected in two days 157 tons of tin cans. Now, that's just a whole lot of tin cans. [1942]
Bo ": Knicks are my 2nd favorite team."
actually, don't. That's personal Sandra time. can come though. ;)
Yeah that's my cardinals !!!!! <U+26BE>
I'll bite: what's the idea?
Stay tuned! More coming very soon!
What I decide to think about my future determines how I feel about myself today. It is all up to me. I respond to everything with love.
You are too damned cool. Love what you do! Can't believe I wasn't 'following' you already...
We can fix that! Just sent you a dm and we'll add you to the email!
<U+2665> Thank You <U+2665>
Thankfully Debbie doesn't mind hungover daughters at her mother's day brunch.
TNX! RT : Cooler than polar bear toe nails:
Pork n Pineapple Sausage, chips and drink just $5.00!
lol I shouldn't have talked about my ass issue.
RT : #shehechat I work towards reducing slide count and slide complexity by understanding the topic more.
vas happening mum
Rebel America lands instrumental song placement for the TLC show "WHAT NOT TO WEAR"
you asshole spammer.
I adore your sign. Do you happen to have a number for the guy? I could use it!
Hair loss treatment optionsAfter you have determined the reason behind your hair loss, you can work on a solution
Make a move!
RT : SALES LEADERSHIP VIDEO Carson V. Heady Birth of a Salesman!Guaranteed to entertain, titillate and teach....
Me and DJ just bought nana flowers.
Order sent to Amy in WI!
Best juicer ever
sorry for the typo. caught it too late!
Only dude by the pool with his Nike hoop shoes on
DM We developed the first dedicated, no cost Digital Textbook & accredited curriculum. Would like to help with your re-election?
so excited!!!!
Yesterday in class I told Ms.Hope ima end with a 100 in her class her response was it is impossible..well watch me !!!! lol
“: mad love to both of yall!!!” The feeling is mutual
but still I will miss it
what happened?
Paige, you rock my world!
perfectly executed game plan. Hats off.
One Day <U+2665><U+263A>
an bows im so happy ;) ( half of it was stuff from my family from late christmas gifts an my mom ) :D
Hello there Mr Sh*t! ;-)
It's Thursday.
can u do it I have already followed that person u keep on saying u are going to do it and don't! Thanks
I want to fuck a burrito.
Covered him at Aquinas. His range has no limit
when is it ,coming out??
aw:-) You got a special place in my heart #Bestie!! You just made my day before I go to work!
There are lots of interesting old military planes flying overhead.
I've been in bed all day watching Shane Dawson(hanging with Shane).Best day of my fuck'n life...
hmm sorry to say that is no way near flawless ..seriously that dress was a crazy lampshade or Christmas tree.
Me too! Did you buy the first book yet?
RT : Had to take a few days to calm down; I want to thank all our fans for amazing support through thick and thin we learn and...
"one whined-up metal peacock:" object description found by our coll mgr on some old loan forms. Good laugh for a Friday afternoon
100% Crushed Fruit Smoothy...No refined sugars, no corn syrup, no additives. A real "Fruit Smoothy" Come by and cool off with one today!!
I know, right? Coming from a middle-aged black lady..I couldn't help but laugh
there will be gel in your navel lol also, I had my friend go with me on mine but it was interesting pretty cool actually lol
Doing the final testing of a new responsive site today. Saved the best for last: IE8. /s
Just friends ...
If you ask me Padilla showed he can be a closer and Bard still just watching games waiting to start.
ONE DAY ONLY! Sat Sept 12 FREE Pandora Lobster Clasp Bracelet with your Pandora Purchase of $100+
should be an interesting (but non political) story down the road..will tweet it out when ready. thx for asking!
Michael Huff () comes out as the second #randomblackathlete to have had sex with 's wife
Now I am really freaking pissed.
need some tea in my life
On my way to school.peace out :-) :-)
You may feel like you're at an empty place in your life today. But God wants to restore you, to encourage you, to fill you with His hope.
with these "brothers" and you scratch eachothers backs... you work together to help one another prosper... a conspiracy
#DepressingSitcoms Family Tithes
I even have some in my hair
big bob....best wishes for a 24 karat gold, full blown recovery. mr coppock u r the #best! Thank you so much
Opened SHORT $NZDUSD @ .77158; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 66% SHORT
76ers best the #gospursgo-tough to win when you only shoot 33%. This is only second loss to a team that is under .500. Wizards are tomorrow.
Best closer hands down...
it was a beautiful day- we spent it at the Burnley-Moran playground!
Its official. I seriously don't know why I try anymore.
Can we just highlight your finest achievement?? Taco bell.
Dear Economy, I know you aren't feeling well, but take some theraflu, eat some chicken noodle soup, and get in the game.
l0000l wait awkz. isnt it supposed to be switched
ha that's almost exactly where I am too. Fitness level > scale numbers
What would be great? "Life is always Fatal."
I'm distraught about the insurgence of sweet wines - not talking about real dessert wines but junk made for people that don't like wine.
What a day..
Thanks so much! We appreciate it! :) RT thanks for the follow, gr8 website!
Just did the Sydney & Jenny Cooking Show and made whole grain Fusilli with Shrimp, Oranges, & Arugula! Yumm!
The hardest battle you're ever going to fight is the battle to be just you.-- Leo Buscaglia
“: I hate when bands I really really like launch a subpar website.” me too!
Hey -- a Baron Davis sighting.
Bosson brings up partisan bias in Guv's map as a concern. And Gov not making a competitive map.
No talent required: Bad acting hall of fame - KPRC Houston
The music director at Aces ballpark has been playin Beastie Boys music between every inning. I don't know who he is but I'm thankful.
GOT MY ICONic Boyz tickets to da concert!!!!<U+E057><U+E057><U+E057>
well get something to you next week that cool? How do you wanna work it
Listening to "Mundo Pequeno" by feat.
Veggie tacos from Picante to commemorate my last #MeatlessMonday in Wicker Park.
Its so nice out i hear birds chirping and the suns out drying up the rain sosososo nice
Thank you god for waking me up this morning
Hey remember eating those amazing gummy worms from ?
Last minute showcase featuring Luke Redfield, Michael Garfield, and more starting at 9 p.m. at Papi Tino's. 1306 E 6th St.
Happy 105th Founder's Day to All the Brothers who Wear that Black and Old Gold!!
Bad idea to go hard last night while having a cold.
isn't that misleading though, USC only has 10 commits
HA. RT "Tebow's available? Thanks but no thanks, we're trying to avoid things like 'sellouts' and 'relevancy.'" --The Jaguars
god I miss those
Glad I finally got my #LobCity shirt. Thanks to for hooking me up.
You know what sounds good? Someone else doing the cooking on NEW YEARS DAY on Las Olas at Big City Tavern! Crab Cakes Eggs Benedict anyone?
im still on the computer but still tired :(
Yes, enjoyed it very much. Thanks.
If you got a ps3 add Votic4kscLaN
What's up Iran? So now you still won't return our super secrete spy tech. We asked politely.
Witnessed a WJZ van blasting Black Sabbath around Mt. Vernon yesterday. I loved every minute.
I will chk it out. But I have enough trouble remembering where I have been!
come back to NYC crazy <3
Send quote to a friend. George Bernard Shaw
is the principal in Portland that Tweets often? Smart guy. I need to recommend several tweeting principals 2a n00b
No. I don't give a fuck bout you anymore
The best things in life are free...or no payments for the first year
parra is good it's a qustion of durability. he hit's well too though.09 I believe had some decent rbi's agnst padres & pirates
RT : Palm Beach Country firefighters endorse for State Attorney.
I need some kush
Oh Yea… Sorry About The “You Fucking My Friends Thing” We Should Communicate At A Higher Level...
Details for our next flash fiction contest to be announced Friday. Contest starts in 7 days!
ITS ALWAYS DARKEST BEFORE THE DAWN
#Omaha Mom Prom chooses as beneficiary of year. Very happy. Ladies get ready!
Can't believe the Library of Congress is forcing me to download RealPlayer to watch a presentation video. Really guys? Really?!
If you didn't believe us before that the show is a partying good time, this week we have joining us! WED 8P!
i was gonna say that!
Why you so sexy?! Huh!?
Haven't got to watch #SouthenNights yet. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
#Follow #Facebook #Redskins #NFL #FF Support Redskins on Facebook! www.facebook.com/redskinfans
Yes lookalikes it did : did 's horse just win the derby?
I won't allow myself to go to bed until I finish this draft for my grant writing class. It's going to be a long night.
NEIGHBORHOOD FIREWORKS!!!
You keep comparing apples and--I don't even know. Tin cans. Not relevant.
I have not blogged about solar sector in a while..maybe its time I do!
Hope your day gets better Katie!
Best breakfast! RT: If you haven't tried sausage biscuits&gravy yet swing by the farmers market on Saturdays d-town
Thanks, will certainly add and #KoschCapital to our list!
Sunny and warmer for Mother's Day, 68° inland, 58° lakeside. Monday: 72°, Tuesday: 75°. Warmer days are ahead!
RT : “: #CompCloud Cascade Orthopedic reps check their #salescomp numbers daily.”
Just Imagine How Tomorrow Gone Feel
Her cheekbones do seem to be getting higher...": Conspiracy theory: Obama... Biden's views... dump him for Mrs. Clinton."
thank you Zumba for pointing out that I have no rhythm, coordination, or dancing skills!
“: Nice job Bum. Keep getting into position! Good things will happen.” Thank you buddy
can never get myself to school at my goal time on the weekends....
So I move away and then the guy I have liked my whole life decides to tell me he loves me. Then doesn't talk to me and asks out my friend.
on the show Saturday at 8:05 pm on
Good 2C young cats out tonite
We'll be lovers for another day, we'll be friends forever, I hope.. we'll have heart shaped pupils in our eyes... forever :)
I'm digging it homie go hard!!
Sounds like is a ringer for the team!
rt - Packing for a weekend ! Come visit me and my crew at the tent! Big signing tomorrow Uniondale!!
Meet at hotel reception or First Crush?
In line for the first time! Line is already long and it smells like heaven.
Well, definitely come see us! We want to make sure you have a button and a hug!
$120? What happened to the whole "Free Healthcare" thing?
At my first NBA game! Nuggets vs Magic
Of course she's gonna says she's happy for you and fake a smile, but look deep into those eyes...she's lying.
I'm running food at curators at 5!
I wonder if my sis gonna follow me back!!!
I'd wait for you forever, but the damn world is ending in December so please speed it up!
I like your editing skills of blurring the ex.
Hey sports, can we please stop with the brutally gruesome injuries today? Baron, Werth...no mas, please.
We'll see you soon! :) RT : cant wait til a few more months then i can actually go in lol :)
a brandon belt?
If I wanted to be a waitress, I'd do it at anOlive Garden in the Columbus suburbs. Me, I'm headed for big time. :)
a head's up display... ray bans for the ar age? or how about a biodevice inserted in your temple?
Want to hear the 2004 97X 97 A To X again? Click here: celestial.no-ip.org/97x
Yeah sure
Snow's stopped, 1 hr to showtime and Lo-Cash is serving up $3.50 beers & cocktails. Come on out!
Positive of having an all true/false final: if you go in completely blind chances are you will get at least a 50%
We went to Astoria today, and now we are watching Goonies to see the landmarks!
Nice, excited to use it. Really trying to up my game after that embarrassing NHC 1st Round.
Congrats! That is exciting.
Good to see Rivera back starting.
RT : Possible tornado touchdown 3 miles wsw of Racine at 8:02am. Reports of trees down and some damage. More on 12 News.
Covering #ofcrschneider funeral in Lake City. Hundreds of officers now at church.
During a science test, the sub told me to go to where he was and told me I should dance professionally
human stem cells to grow mice bone? Also, work is continuing with adult stem cells, because they work better.
ACMs? That's the worst.
TX! RT Follow Moms making apps
"You look like a prostitute" thanks for calling me a whore in a nice way :P
Pence got me the win lol
Woke up to snow. Winter, you're too late.
Women in Technology South Florida with help from Cross Country Homes is offering Membership Scholarship WITI's mission is to empower w…
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path. -Buddhist saying
Rain in Portland, OR too... Not in Denver, CO record temps!
brain trail
Are eating disorders addictions? Join us tonight as we discuss theses issues & more at 9PMEST at
...start counting down the days to #KingsIsland lol
That song kills me every time. Over and over. It is guilty of multiple homicide; lock it up for life in the prison of my ears
Worth blowing my voice out for sweet child of mine at karaoke last night? No. But hopefully somewhere, it helped a child. A sweet child.
He followed me too! By far my most famous follower.
True, but not necessarily stable either, correct?
Baby And Toddler Baby Bat Costume
Crazy ah i love justin bieber ..... i love his video Boyfriend OMG. Hi is so sexy hihi .....
aight bro im bout to right now
Yep :) Nah, They Wouldnt Have Killed Everyone, The Wouldve Murdered Every1 :P I'm Okay Today :) Feelin A Little Bit Blue Tho :/
Am glad that Dr. King's Dream was all-inclusive! May we all strive to make it reality.
Alot of writing...New song coming along though
I got my middle finger up, ask me how i feel.
I like your new haircut!
I just bought Dragon Speaking Naturally today for our special ed teachers that work w/ struggling writers
People beginning to gather in Sheboygan for Santorum visit.
(So nervous!!!
We at the gym with it tonight?
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength. Richard L. Evans
lol RT : RT : The #indians got Bobby Abreu? They're totally winning the 2008 World Series now.
I'm a little drunk on you, and high on summertime.
oh okay. Still not doing anything?
Love's hard, especially for those who dont know how to trust, how to listen and how to forgive again and again...
it's more fun to get you fired up
Yo son...I'm bumping that first step ep right now...got turned on from a video roundtable you did....I'm fuckin with it...
I appreciate your concern. Thank you! I had trouble with my web connection. Glad it's working now.
Instagram Cargo Cults: Not island inhabitants but all of the not-quite-right new companies that won't understand why their $1B isn't coming.
forget Bio class
RT : Go Robot Joe! / Ha! 's nickname's still sticking!
Many thanks, Anita! Its great to connect with you here, too!
They've known this was coming for some time. They are trying to hide the inflation I believe until after the election.
I really hate being sick.
Shrek wakes up when he feels like it, pours on a bucket of filth and greets the day with a "humph". Im like that but with more of a "hey"
my theory for better schools...you need do nothing more than fill the cafeteria with balloons at least once
oh okay aha <3
That is a long flight. Have done it a couple of times. Boo jet stream.
Life is good! :)
Maybe actually playing in LA as opposed to pretending you do helps “: RBI: Kemp and Ethier 24, all the #Angels 29. #dodgers”
Is it an actual iPad app or just the iphone app on the iPad? All I cld find was the iphone sized one. Thks for android info.
yea it's raining here bummer weekend for fun in the sun
4 of my 5 close homies have babies now! How we gonna explore the world! I wonder can they get away for a few months lol
Blackheads on your back? Why, that's Blackne, of course! - Sarah K.
339 Followers! Lets shoot for 400 By Wednesday! Please Help
If Dickinson gets 8 periods next year I'm transferring <U+E421><U+E40E><U+E416>
Excited to be #thisclose to launch! RT For those who haven't heard, we are giving the SMPS Atlanta website a new look!
Sunday is always a funday!
Had an amazing party last night! The hostess received over $100 in FREE product and has more coming to her! Do you want to book your own?
3 of my 4 sisters just burst into song. Amish paradise by weird al. Wow.
bouquet of flowers. Bucket of flour. Same thing, right?
That just sounds so sad.
DM We are developing a digital book & cloud to make digital academics affordable. Is the Sen Edu Committee the right start?
Yes. Beautiful instruments.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY(: go to hooters and have a AWKWARD LAPDANCE oh well at least have sone attention amd FREE CAKE!
Great, thanks for the feedback Tammy! We also LOVE those empanadas here at Cater2.me :)
RT : Look back in forgiveness, forward in hope, down in compassion, and up with gratitude. Zig Ziglar
your ball struck my foot.
": It's time to get my number changed .."
It was the only thing that looked yummy at Starbucks. Lol.
right here my nigga back to the days when we only had ZO
Far too many times!!
not a catch 22, just Something that is unfortunate.
Friday I think
omfg that's the best thing ever
Love the show and your leadership style: common sense, and what's best for the brotherhood.
Thanks for the follow gf! <--- friends...please follow.
Perfect time to listen to collie budz.
her smile is gone, replaced by tears.. some how you confirm her fears. you used to be her playmate when she got dressed up to play pretend.
ALL SHIRTS ARE ONLY TEN DOLLARS! $10! Two day shipping only 99 cents for any order! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
On the way to Fellowship of Christian Magicians!
well said
Wow, 8 straight bowl games! | That is pretty impressive | Badger school record |
that'd be a good question for
Fuckin celts lose I'm gonna just go to bed they win getting hammered
A rep for Mayor Cahn proclaimed April #Parkinson's Awareness Month w/ help from Advocates Sid & Lori Katz
We agree! That was sweet of her!
It's funny reading that while seeing a pic of you sticking your tongue out at me!
Heey watcha doing I'm just tweeting yhu during school
Go to bed or watch "Moneyball"? Why do I fight the pillow at this hour yet when the alarm blares at 5am... that pillow is ALL i think about.
1 sec let me tell you his name and if you want to check on his stuff ALEXLUKE19 Want to see his place right now?
Stop the tape and rewind. <|3
One week left of bachelor life. Funny how time flies
mr what happened to hope & change? it's mostly fear mongering & misinformation you offer us now... Comments sir?
Lol,alright,why?
hello fellow beyonceee fan (;
left out
Hey , we'd love to talk to you all about an upcoming arts event in D.C. What's the best way to get in touch?
Really!? Hm I will need to check this out!
please rt if u didn´t now you have ecuatorians fans
LAFF ASS MY BUTT OFF!
Hey Madison! Hope your day was ICONic! #followback ??
#SACUBO keynote: Judge Beau Patterson "the BO's Key Assett-Leadership" starts with a rap (oh my)
My mother is insane...
almost ready.
RT Mastrophobia is the irrational fear of breasts.<is this real?
That Neon Trees song is really cool...
All this news about concerts and shit is is really irrelevant to me lololol. Austin should come to narnia. ((:
#NOSCA priorities: equity in college & career readiness; leadership in systemic ed reform; transformation of #schoolcounselors practice.
the Cubs? “: Has there ever been a team anywhere in any sport that chokes as much in the postseason as the #Canucks?”
thanks!! Sis love you that means a lot
Garlic Stuffed and Black!
When the terra cotta starts falling to terra firma after a year, then it's time for somebody to pay the man
Sold out show tomorrow night with all that remains.....this is going to so much fun
I am now following
Beautiful women dressed as sex kittens selling perfume with a blank, vacant look in their eyes. Welcome to the Panama airport!
those shoes ruined my knee! :(
Your words carry a lot of weight today, so make sure to use them with care.
sick as anything, again :/ home sick for me..
don't listen to his nonsense...wes check my TD# this season I threw a TD for every time I slept with your mom
agreed. I miss you all the time. You are very irreplaceable.
This man is fine ass hell.. Dam
“: I got a call for 2 interviews for positions in the media field! God is GOOD!” Yes He is; make us proud!
will you be in Cali anytime soon?
Hey I am headed to Sharks for dinner tonight based upon your recommendation!
“: #FF RT : This is my first rodeo. I've never been to a rodeo.” / Rodeo Drive?
Derivatives don't financially ruin people, people financially ruin people;-)
what network is it on? i can't find it
' Sure! You two are fucking sexy. Wait! I just called my sis sexy. Eww ;)
Ditto. Best time of year. Regardless of race or religion.
Yeah buddy! #800!
I parlayed giants and under. Win!!!! Go Tribe!
becuz my momz in mexico and my stepdad cant cook or clean and hes goes to work rlly erly so he cant take us to school
Check out www.TenacityCircusArts.com for updates, new session registration, and upcoming workshops! Get Healthy Denver workshops Jan 8-9!
My Loofah Cookies look just like a Pop Tart, except mine are made of Loofah n Soap They smell like you just want to take a bite,..Hm
We will! We will try to figure something out!
I got hit on my by ex's former bandmate. Who happens to be dead-sexy. Is that wrong?
Martha felt entitled because of her efforts. We're not entitled to God's favor by our efforts but rather Jesus' efforts!
you're in Cali? And waking up at 2:45am?!
WHO THE FUCK IS MAN. UNITED?
Who says they don't? RT : Y do young ppl 2day give no consideration to #STD,#unwantedpregnancy, or#consequences be4 bed hopping?
it doesn't matter what you write as long as you write what you feel
Calling bands for
Too many nonprofits ignore their existing donors when they start raising funds online, says
Check out Google doodle 2day celebrating St. Patrick's Day with a nod to the Book of Kells created by medieval Celtic monks
RT : . is celebrating Small Business Month with a Twitter Chat today noon-1pm. Join the conversation
Is the Braun MVP ceremony tonight of tomorrow?
At BJs Club today, Mom Friend to Me: Oh look, bacon! Me: Sorry, I only eat homecured bacon. #snottytweets cc
I've watched all of your videos (: your just amazing, I love you #MahomiesForLife please please follow me :)
#YouKnowYouDrunkWhen sneak in ur girlfriends bedroom window&have the #nastiest #beastiality type sex ever,then realize ur moms house
so cozy in bed with the rain :) <3
If you're a true #Mizzou fan there are 2 teams you root for, #Mizzou, and any team that is playing
Picked up our Thanksgiving capon and now my hair smells like smoked meats.
#pghpenguins #pens “Please pull Johnson out of the cage!” <3
I don't get it. Why do people txt me and then stop?????
thanks boo (:
(also: good luck!)
Good Morning :)
A person is only beautiful, when their own beauty, is reflecting on to others. ~ Tara Grady
I'm here for u now baby
Now following :-)
The intuitive application of exercise principles... -MindFirstFitness
teaching niggas how to fly... taylor gang or fucken kill your self!
you can look for casting calls... And build a team
The Perils of InfoPath « Ellen&#39;s Digital Workplace
Dude, yes, me too. Ovaltine is where it's AT.
I thought of your priceless words of wisdom while at work today - "every good library project starts with a Google doc!"
Slick Rick Springfield
Bra-less Saturdays!.
Playing tonight with the trio at Bistrot Lepic in Gtown. Join us for jazz and wine.
My grandparents were talking about moving. #pleaseno #tomuchheretoleave :(
#Relationshiptips listen to jack Johnson the first morning they have stayed over, make coffee, clean the bathroom before she comes over.
I knew that. :) I was just having fun and being positive. I hear you about the learning. And yes, eyes wide open.
Yeah. It's the weirdest thing.
Tonight at 11 .... local musicians who appeared on American Bandstand remember Dick Clark.
Getting ready to head down to Blue Dust for some Smoked seafood and Troegs beers. Trust me the smoked oyters are killer. Starts around 7.
follow back family -Rico
#DogScandal ! abuses dogs eats dogs But has bought a dog for his kids?
now following
Starting this beautiful morning with some ballet barre then studio with Slater and Hamrick! I'm such a happy camper
You need Genuine Problem Solvers around you who want to solve problems for you so you can solve problems for others.
Morning all! Headed to the Rep. State convention in Green Bay this morning! see you there. Todd Hicks TMJ4 Milwaukee
Best handgun under $250? What's your favorite?
I don't know how to take candid pictures. -.- Need more practice
YOU are???
Layin in my own bed feels good
Just smashed on some campers in 2v2
Okay, I'm all for exciting games but this is absurd. Why can't the #Capitals just win already?!
This Brian McKnight Video by Funny or Die ....
Come in this morning for a freshly baked savory scone and hot coffee...and of course some oatmeal cookies!
Something very rhythmic about the way business travels board a plane, with ease in concert, its efficient. I heart it!
Glad you like them! haha something to remember me by :)
Please check it out.
Wow...surgery makes using electronics difficult. Especially when ur down to 1 hand. Sry I've been MIA twitter...but I'm baacckk!!
In the internet age, there is a pr0n for every requirement.
were homeless , made my day bby :)
what the fuck is wrong with our counntry c: lol. because of me.
when lies become the truth, thats when i run to you. <3
somebody using excel as a database again?!?
I do recollect you mentioning this tidbit of info. I shall check it out bromance! <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00A2>
Failure has to be an option. Beth Comstock, GE.
Everything comes out in the wash.
Went this morning for the #hungergames premiere and it was amazing <3
Nice! gets a No. 5 seed in the NCCA Tournament!
Now would probably be a good time to get out of bed.
#BHAG(s) to Stimulate Progress: "Democratize the automobile." via
Hold it against me!
sure tell him we say hi!
We got you covered :) Happy Wednesday!
Life is a climb, but the views great (: love that quote from the hannah Montana movie! Js XD
That awkward moment when you ask your parents a yes or no question and it becomes another freaking lecture!-__-
And I got a Sonic!!
Nothing brings two people closer than when they hate the same person, haha.
The fear of death is among the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for someone who's dead.
We're sorry to hear that. :(
Big win over SW last night. They are MUCH improved and coached by my good friend Donnie Bostwick. Rams are 57-1 in last 3 seasons at home
to many people at one place to have fun. Maybe go back on a mon lol
Interesting question. Considering he did so much on the job learning, yes. If you want more, perhaps we can email.
Monster Mania Pit Party @ LazyE Arena starting in 30 min! Head this way now to get autographs & go for a ride in a Monster Truck!
Give Me Everything Tonight-Pitbull
Thank to 311!
SXSW news coming tonight!
lol I got you
Come home
The mechanics of punching a book.
Pain killers<3
we need to talk.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 24
#MM thx for sharing my #music & other artists!
Last min decision to see 2 movies in a row w my baby girl.
Congratulations to Radiology Equipment Services in San Diego for wrapping up their initial Salesforce build this week. RES resells radiolo…
WOW!!! I'm bored I see #whenimhigh is trending...hum??? Lemme get ready for that one...
Tonight's episode of #TheWalkingDead is scaring the you-know-what out me, and I'm LOVING it!
They cloak greed in legislation that they paid to create.
You're all there?! Sounds like a highly suspicious "work field trip."
It was good. I'm glad we went.
BUT DO U GET IT POPPIN
My twitter app is acting funny..
It's starting to fill up here at for the Q2 #TechSocial. I better grab. Fran's chocolate before they all go bye bye.
Definitely hope she doesn't think I'm going Saturday wit these baby sitting shit hell naw.
RT RT when u a grown ass man watching bad girls club.... #aintnobodygottimeforthat <<<
just booked another show at Jones Beach Theatre!! this time, we're opening up for Maroon5, Train and Gavin DeGraw!
You are an Officer and a Gentleman, sir. Thanks for the everything! Safe travels-
Don't get caught by surprise, understand customer usage and adoption and take a proactive approach to prevent churn
with you when you right
referring to Barton being sent off?
I'm fucking up.
Oh shut up or I will poke you in your eye
Hey - working on the (U.S.) holiday? Good day for many to study and play with #ZBrush !
I NEED TO FIGURE OUT WAT IM FINNA DO..ROLL WITH U OR ROLL OUT
My New Video is out!!! www.youtube.com/user/kaebelltunes
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
We've got two more shows scheduled tonight, 8 and 10pm. Just for you. Wouldn't it be a shame if you weren't there to see it? Yes. It would.
Bad chest cold, I want to play poker tonight but may need to take off the night and rest.
was really happy about the highlights i got at first now idk..
be safe homie
Robert Kennedy often encouraged great societies, "To whomever much is given, of him will much be required." (from the book of Luke). - JDG
the Smart Guy kid, probably cooks meth now
Well make it happen somehow. Watever it takes
just slip out the back, jack...make a new plan, stan...you don't need to be coy, roy...just get yourself free
Reading and discussing with at Periodically Speaking panel at New York Public Library: June 14th, 6PM
Excellent article, Turkey gets spared a lot of critical reporting... according to Wikileaks Erdogan has terminal cancer...
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody. Now I see that I should have been more specific
When my pillow is cold >
Nothing can make you feel like your gym membership is a waste of money quite like trying on a pair of
#love is a gift
at bj's with my momma <3
Take time to show your sons and daughters real love! You expected it too!
Exciting weekend. Magic, a wedding, water guns, and hiking. Monday, you suck.
my butt hurts and I'm freezing
Perfect Game!
safe travels BB.
no email support listed on ur contact page?
Damn Shariah just txt me saying imma lame nigga
been trying to text you
Wow. What a sad little man. RT:“: didn't know you were actually gay..... #unfollow sad” No skin off my gay back!
I'm going to see him the 19th
Informative day planned talking about mobile dev at Mobile Strategies Forum sponsored by
RT : "Let's Have a Kiki" is my new summer anthem. So great!
Thank you for your support! Equality knows NO race, sex, class or orientation.
Hey krbe, when is todays giveaway of the ipad?
I wake up earlier on the weekends than I do for work.
is it what i think? if so dont say what it is...lucis only a sevy
Also, had a really good time at Fenton Lake. Managed to catch 7 trout. Rainbow and Brown. Beautiful fish. Beautiful overcast day, too.
is this andrew and faisal fight really happening ... ?
Sacramento Kings trade away #7 pick for John Salmons, pick. But why? We think they're gearing up for something bigger. www.bartenderme.com
i have a buy one get one for ! thursday?!?
On my way to work. Imma need a prayer to get thru today....
lol could have fooled me
Monday its morgan
Texting this wonderful one >> (:
Happy 50th birthday ! We're bringing back classic cocktails from 1962 tonight - just ask Mike our bartender about it!
R & B late night does the mind great....
Watching present on the new stuff in the unreal engine at GATech. Awesome stuff.
what event?
you read my mind. I want at least 20% equity if im gonna do it tho
im with it ill be in cali stsrting monday
i cant study for it
It's weird knowing I won't be going in to work today...
im not watching that piece of shit!
wow- what a great site! //storywheel.cc
Colin Ferguson was a founding member of Second City Detroit (I worked with them in Chicago).
Oh Houlton, how I don't miss that long, long drive to your courtroom. (Takes less time to get to NYC from Boston.)
I am so stressed out right now. -___-
Honouring active contributors on Reach website
“: Justin Bieber in minor crash today in LA in Ferrari. He is reportedly OK, not hurt. More ”
#GoTribe the INDIANS have more wins than the RED SOX. #GoTribe!
Damn. was too engrossed in his phone convo to realize I was trying to get his attention at Starbucks.
S/o to the shutters on my window .My room is pitch black & i love it . It feel like its still night time
Nahh I'm just playing, bron is the most talented player in the world. The best?
Hey, Tracy -- welcome to the chat!
so fucked for this test its disguisting
Yes! Perfect weather for my favorite sport: Leering
Your not a man,your just a boy that shaves &you put on a good cover.Cus if you dont respect her when she says no You certainly dont love her
that sounds bloody brilliant? YouTube evidence?
Eye of Fatima gets me every time...Lisher and Krummenacher are unheralded geniuses...
nothing could spoil my good mood right now!
If a girl gets back with her ex-boyfriend, at what point does he become her boyfriend again? Is he now an ex-ex-boyfriend?
The trends today are wack
Haha, life is tough back in the U.S. of A
Without taking chances in life...you're always left to wonder, what could have been.
I got money in the bank Shorty what you think about that?
I'd say banana creme pie
two tens for 2nd dance, one for first... All the rest nine's
ohh! I got my wallflip outside! I tweaked my ankle Thursday so I won't be able to do angel drops til next week outside
I wonder who would pay 5000 dollaz for a sex doll when they got hoes out here giving up p$$y fah free lmao
College.....UGH
thanks ss much for following mme!!! I love yyou!!
I'm lucky I put a bra and shoes on to be honest. Haha
Organic growth is much more valuable than buying fans
Follow plz :D
Right People +Timing = Opportunity
Boats are at their best when rocked.
broken social scene, sorry for the neglect. please accept my listening to you all day as an apology.
Curious what you hear for vs.
my watch is zebra print with some white diamonds WOOP WOOP
"The gratification comes in the doing, not in the results." -James Dean. HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND!
congrats! Your first?
Hey any storms on your side of town yet? Not much weather over
yay Dallas! Welcome!
i got this. well on that note im headed to the studio!
Finally off from a long day time to kick back and relax
Also, FYI: I'll soon bug you about what you want my students to read in advance of your guest lecture.
Satrapi: "I have a problem w/ the Internet... makes world a small village - everyone sees if you have a finger in your nose." [rolls eyes]
Going to look at cars, finally found a decent priced honda hybrid. Wish me luck! hopefully driving it home! :)
a double win is the goal 4 DC 2today
The Skort, skirt in the front, shorts in the back; it's like a mullet for your butt.
the lady is about to BURN!!!!
Very similar to my view, you must be near by. /waves
you asked me what my sign was and i told you it was STOP. I love that song.
Q2. Yes! Mobile first is great. Mobile optimized websites are the first step we recommend when beginning a mobile strategy
it great right
Wearing the hottest lip stick ever!!!
just kidding.. Now come over and eat
Had a great show tonight . www.focusSocietyMastermind.com
University of Florida&#39;s Kytra Hunter Receives Honda Sports Award For Gymnastics
Always do your best and you never fail
Poor , he's really going to have to DIG DEEP for some show topics this afternoon
Hell yeah!!
LET FINALS BEGIN...and may the odds be ever in your favor...
That's fantastic! I'm glad you got to go and glad you had a good time!
Really What the fuck! People should be happy just to see u play Who cares about if u came on late.
Dang it just tuned in and your cut already
Dear JLo in the Fiat commercial,...Go Fuck Yourself!
WHATS UP DENVER ITS A BEAUTIFUL DAY OUT!
"You cum on your wounds for protection?"- Rube Sheeber
Awesome week of great weather on the Union Terrace.. Enjoy today... cooler by the end of the week
why not stop by #OAH2012 while you're in Milwaukee this weekend? Lots of relevant history to be had!
I earned the Ten Pound Club badge on Lose It!
RT : So the guy who bought MySpace is now in charge of the company that didn't buy Facebook.
Do u think revenue loss = end of press? I think it just shows a change in the how not the why.
Yes we are by getting rid of you!
RT : Opportuninty! RT : "Smartphones r owned in higher number by ppl of color" - on tech &...
Yeah! Everypeople workshop added strings for our show at transistor on the 18th.
Gotta start job hunting
Agreed. I live near DC and I'm excited to go see the shuttle @ the Smithsonian.
NP: Al B. Sure. - night and day
Happy new year assholes :) stay with that quote ::
The good die young, even though they aren't supposed to.
#SaySomethin is amazing... Its juss perfect... Thanks Austin for everything... Ur an amazing person. Love u.
Social night sounds fun! We're excited to feature PRSSA in a MyCSU video!
Don't let insecurity ruin the beauty you were born with <3
“: Chapter 11 furniture commercials make me want to drive my car off a cliff.” their mattress really are comfortable!! Love mine!
DM me the acct tel #, i'll check a few things
any reason?
The only reason I ever need a chiropractic adjustment is because I get so tense in the waiting room. waiting.
What's your favorite sound?
My crystal ball foresees some whining bulldogs and a big fat W for Bucky
I strongly believe everything happens for a reason .
You pull one quote out of the air like it establishes orthodoxy. The guy committed suicide & that speaks volumes.
And everything will be just fine.
awww i love u sam:-)
But 30 duplicates in that size a sample seems avoidable, no? Wouldn't the campaign do a sample and notice the problem?
Why is it All the people I've babysat for have such well behaved kids!!?! :))))
What makes men chase women they have no intention of marrying? The same urge that makes dogs chase cars they have no intention of driving.
My man kills on his new record
Any runners out there dealing with the it-gets-too-dark-before-I-even-get-off-work blues? Nighttime running creeps me out.
I just unzipped Google...it felt dirty...
Pike Picnic in the Park was a nice new way to enjoy Sunday dinner with the fam :)
Nah, busting heads! RT : Two more sets of tweets. Oh, going there? Come on #cenation, back me up.
LOL - i had "boo" on mine then took it off! great minds... :)
Who's watching the Golden Globes pre-show on E? Can't wait to see all of the gorgeous gowns!
This is great napping weather..
Therapeutic Massage is not a luxury anymore. Poor posture, hi stress levels, weight gain, weak core muscles, a massage plan is necessary
haha it was a fun night ended a lil soon, but fun! Haha
Hey dudes are you ready to!
Google's Eric Schmidt: In an established company like Google the challenges for the future are always internal.
The best constitutional right is the 30 days or your money back one.
You got hasseliebe in my shcadenfruede!
hell ya nigzzz haahahhaha can't wait!!? EEk
<3 “ without you two I don't know what I would do”
I'm 3 eps behind on New Girl but am loving the athlete possibilities of Winston's new workplace. Might Fox Sports Radio personalities b nxt?
Tee hee #ImStillAKobeHater :) RT : Can we cut ALL OF THESE BUM ASS DUDES RIGHT NOW MITCH?- Kobe right now..
Why is Baltimore such a cheap place to fly from Boston? Not complaining, just wondering.
wish your headline never existed there are enough ignorant people out there without the help of a major media channel.
Wat did she do'?
that was a fantastic tweet!!!
the #PHXCC is on the 24th-27th of May i hope 2 release before that. editing is taking longer than i planned & thank you for the help
Yahoo! Small Business Launches Marketing Dashboard
Super excited for #shameless tonight
Done with the haircut!
Get ready!!! Voting starts tomorrow for the Jill Scott competition, so I need everyone's vote!!!!
you r so cute<3
Very interesting - thanks! Getting behind a good cause is a great way to engage
How does Kiss still get gigs?
Do digital libraries create a preservation problem by moving born digital content to tape? Sometimes.
proceeded into the cvs bro hope someone helps her before I come out cause I think I'm peeling on her!!
We should give masochists a fair crack at the whip
Cheap Prescriptions - Reduced Costs up to 28% - Pathmark - Generic Drugs -
- This Monday #OTAs start. We will call this Monday
Serious hostility coming my way from the 2 seat, for some unknown reason..
MUSHROOMS! and prosciutto
yeah buddy
#2ChainzNextLyrics - 2 Chainz so my neck is froze. Cry for me like Mario. Got a black girl & a white girl, so when we together OREOS!
The audition went well...ate at Hard Rock now having a blast at City Walk
Almos done with my essay! Yeyaya
#wtf I MISSED the #LockedUpLovers preview?! I'm so ashamed. I'm at work and I can't listen to it! FUCK MY LIFE =[
I forgot how much I missed yoga until I went tonight & loved every minute of it!
#Breaking: spokesperson says fed judge has lifted stay that allowed TX to exclude their clinics from #WHP. Stay tuned.
Why do you text me? You kniw what it does to me.
kinda wants the beard party to be a bunch of "straight" dudes with their trophy "wives", now that would be funny!
follow back? :)
haha yes I know that. I can tell with Evan..
I got this drink in my cup
You crashed the site!!! :)
That was a really nice piece! Thank you for sharing that.
Soo God!! RT": 5 hours of music making "yesterday" with and = 5 hours of 100% awesome!"
hahaha good. I love you eric haha :)
just landed, literally still on plane! Will check out the slides tomorrow. Nice meeting you and !
GO BEARS
I'm so tired
Hector's response to Danny "Hahahahahahahaahhahaha wow."
ch'e bella!!!
completely agree. The 2 clips after the credits were great!!
I'm just hoping this #Orioles game is over by the time #MadMen starts.
S/O to Austin King for his speech in 3rd block
MLG reports a total of 3.5 million viewers this year. MLG reported that viewership was more than major TV Networks.
Nature does nothing uselessly.
whats the question
For realzies? Dont mess with my heart RT Heading over to see BTK!
My favorite Links moments: "Disaster" Dickau, your 9/11 posts and, speaking of April Fools, "streetballer" Jesse Dunn.
itunes saved the day. It was SUCH a good episode!
Just curious- what's a NHTer?
This week has been a blur
Smoke and Fuck
call me!
Sherrie Tucker uses "straightness as a queer analytic" in asking "When did jazz go straight?" Insightful and entertaining!
If you haven't heard She's the One by then you are seriously missing out! Might just have to bump it in the whip lol
thank you!! You pray for me too!
Silly rabbit tricks are for kids!
Good night mi gente !!
The strongest most confident people Are the one's who have been broken the most
great analysis!
yup. never again.
thank you!
UPS and FedEx just delivered packages to my house at the same time...
Haha, no worries. I'd say let's catch up now but I'm about to crash. I'm at an extended HH tomorrow.
Hey, is this thing on?
you're right, I shouldn't even stress it because people will continue to hate on him no matter what, sadly :(
is cracking me up with this new lately. I love her so much.
Thx! I will! See you Monday night at the Garden.
Tonight, 8pm, NYC: , , , are all waiting to make you !
Please stand by. Commission meeting will start shortly.
Wow! I bet.
on my way in a bit.
Bummed to be missing tonight at Water St, but pumped to see him in Aug at Outside Lands.
Will Ferrell on SNL? Let's see if he's still got it
Another trend #advanced #analytics applications I agree.
": #ONLYBLACKPEOPLESAY once u go black u never go back"black people dont say tht ha
RT Shorter Newt: I'm Reagan. (drops mic) #FLdebate Noway He,s no reagan
ok haha. A lot of the guys where I live would probably get mad or something
RT « Reason to root for the Nets to lose? There is potential for a 4-way tie for 6th (Lottery standings) between NJ, TOR, DET, GS»
THe Super Mystery Jackpot ($80) clue is: The lead singer of this song had a number one hit with another group when this song was released.
RT : RT : It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do a little~Sydney Smith
Where's this thunderstorm?!
Who wants to bring their sick friend egg drop soup?!
yes Pappy then you can show us poor fans your best cover in that super cool plane :D How about a contest for the gang?
AMHN 8/k out, watching for more volume...
I like to use the word dude as a noun or an adverb or an adjective!
It's supposed to be 72 degrees and sunny tmrw- come hang on Brady w/me- going to see how many patios I can hit!
RIP Bert Jansch of Pentangle fame. Another musical trailblazer dies of cancer at the young age of 67. Sad to hear.
Your mom is so FAT.. the only thing that's attracted to her is gravity.
You'd think, right?
I am trying not to be mad. It's not working.
“: always roll with a book” [words to live by]
Thank you so very much, Dale!
Working today at South Park Mall, Gotta love #xmas gotta, love anyone else working holiday season
did we? then how about the master three parter?
I consistently misparse your username on here, and then my brain throws a segfault when it gets "chuckless mith".
We want everyone to post #BuildDayMemories from last year. If you have one share it with your followers!!
too late and you wouldn't dare...
#RIPBIG best to ever do it
New up and coming back ! Go follow them, If they get 100 followers they will release a track from their E.P.!
I can picture u n lace the eating kind so could other but there 2 afraid 2 say so any material girls n Jerri Curls Plaform Shoes
Happy Easter!
Wow I come to twitter and find that is trending! This is so cool! He has such loyal fans.
I think I lost my unicorn
I mean, they were pretty much directly quoting from my mother. Truth.
SO PRECIOUS AWWWHH
Looks like I'm riding solo tonight
WHERE EAGLES DARE is like a live-action version of Castle Wolfenstein! (The original '80s Apple II game, not the '90s FPS.)
With all that has happened with this past year it makes me so sad but you have been so strong! your kids are so precious =)
"I am thankful for the difficult people in my life. They have shown me exactly who I don't want to be."
What step is tripping you up? (If you'd rather continue via email, L-at-Shelby-dot-tv)
So both LA NBA teams #3 and #4 found out why the other teams finished #1 and
Campus is closed until 1 pm today! Power's out...
took 2.exams in 56 mins in done thank god
A hug means I need you. A kiss means I love you. A call means I miss you.
do y'all have any depends? I might pee myself.
Damn why Do i have to be sick ugh i need a boyfriend to take care of me!
Congratulations Maria Medoza on your 4th Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Franchise Owner! We value our business relationship with you!...
oh my goodness! He did retweet you!! Are you happy?? I sure would be(: hehe(: I love you(: #follow?(:
message me if you have good tips for generating high PR backlinks...
Damn you ears & eyes . If i didn't have them my day would have stayed peaceful . Haha.'.
The energy out of on stage is pretty impressive. "we pre load all apps on our iPads"
Cal's lack of scores doesn't do their story justice. They are really 3 turnovers away from actually winning this game...they blew that int.
come on Sam. When is it your turn to be on DWTS!! You'd rock!!
Its so weird how I can call shit before it happens when it comez to people.
So psyched to host tomorrow night's ! Come get some drinks on me, and grab a postcard for an AMAZING headshot deal!
I'm wondering if I should even bother taking a shower cuz it's so hot. yeah, I know I should have done it by now lol #biteme lol
#mobileappred continuous client developer
We've got 11 followers! watch out! We're going places on
#Wondering - Can you cheat your Tweets or is this a game w/ no rules (only word limits)?
Walkoff Saturday! Another game in less than 12 hours
If I wore one I'd probably be the only one to get yelled at for it though.
can u convert that price for ur magazine to american dollars please? I have have 7 yr old PDD andwould like more info
LOLOL FINDING CUTE GUYS TWITTERS FROM SCHOOL AND FINDING OUT THEY ARE A TOTAL DOUCHE. COOL.
Eavesdropping on a table of retired gentlemen talking about the "good old days." Ever wonder where a writer gets her ideas?
All I want is for my hair to grow :c
Follow He is a good #writer of some funny #poems and thought provoking sometimes controversial stuff! #FF bit.ly/c3z6Jx GOOD!
RT : RT : The white guy community needs to do more in order to distance itself from these acts.
Leaving for Writing Retreat #2 in 2 hours!! First stop? COFFEE!!!!!
My love for Kian is undiscribable <3 I think I spelled that wrong tho' >.<
Attending SoxFest on January 28th at the Palmer House Hilton. I can't wait for the White Sox!
Anyone heard of or expect interest in Ramon Sessions?
i dont even remember da lazt time i didnt get faded on a Saturday but i made up my mind and im not drinking today #aint feelin it lol
Listen to our album for free at Bandcamp.com and look at our weiners for $1.
I think it would be something like "Je suis le poinçon visage!"
they were probably aiming at CJ Watson
NOT ALL OF THEM #offended. :/
Today I learned that the guy who directed THREADS also did TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE. But which was the more scarring experience?!
miss Jay
Looking for mature #gamer #gamers to start a crew w for #maxpayne3 on #xbox hit me up if intrested
Gonna listen to some while my office mate is at lunch ;)
Expecting a Baby? 4 Money (and Life) Saving Tips | Everybody ...
Are you going to Decorex at the end of the month?
Writing a new song... And it's about you!
And second seed in the East is very possible!
Thanks for following!
If Mark Twain were alive his Twitter feed would be off the chain!
Dat ain't right! He should always keep the homies up on game
agreed! If the building blocks of everything is energy, then wouldn't it be beneficial to consume absorbable energy?
May the fourth be with you!
Should driving with "FIDO" on your lap be outlawed in the State of New Mexico?? Rhode Island is trying to do it. What you say? Tune...
When doesn't know who wrote Anne Frank... #uh haha
you deserve to. your the most dedicated/obessed girl on here. lol, joking joking. im jus curious how you get all those pics
Well if you battle me I will revile. People always say my style is wild. You've got gall, you've got guile. Step to me, I'm a rapophile.
They have good customer service, great warranty and warranty support, easy to use, easy to clean, not heavy, etc....
#NP : ”1000 albums came out last year and I get one” #DavidBanner SWAG
lard is the word haha
Thanks for your support, John! I hope you're having a great day.
A beer before a school meeting? Tsk Tsk.
I wish he'd message me. If we had all the same classes together like last year, we'd talk everyday...like last year.
One of Boston's hidden treasures ...speaking of...let's hope this week turns up their stolen artwork.
i just updated my MX records for Google Apps but i am not receiving mail still How long will it take? can you help speed it along
Fab. Design Tip: Tiling your floor? Using larger tiles will give you a feeling of a larger space.
Museum day! :)
Getting a kick out of the overlap between Forbes and Departures.
you and i'm a huge fan of yours if you would just follow me i would be so happy
you are verified ! :D<33333
OF COURSE NOT YOU, CRAZY GIRL!
Hi, did you see my email?
and of course, walk up and introduce yourself
Didn't catch it, what happened?
Truth RT : Kentucky Breakfast Stout &amp; The Misfits at = better than what you're doing.
Watching The Bad Girls Club gives me a sense of superiority.
I keep picturing him in that line, waiting to meet Lois Lane - heartbreaking. "I'm just SO ecstatic right now!"
Hm Same time?
it was pretty tasty.
Hopefully i go to 's presentation tomorrow <3
I'm cooking at the moment! Lol
Back to work after a few days off. Taking a deep breath. Opening inbox....
Unscratched ex library stock. Double album - SAMPLED - Virgin records. If you like your breaks 40 soul,jazz, funk originals. Tunes!.
I lost a great friend today.
I don't care much for leftovers so I'm going to do today different than yesterday.
it's ok :( Jk an I'm just playin
Not yet. I probably won't hear anything for another week or two, at the earliest.
I got all my bills online and if I ever went shopping maybe I could use those coupons #workfromplane :)
Not the best caprese salad today. Brown avocados and a pit in an olive.
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back ~ Henry Youngman
is happiest with her silly family. <3
cutting you out of the picture was the greatest thing for you and for me.
thanks! We'll get to your invite real soon!
Moderate use of technology as to search in the Internet, stimulates the brain cognitive performance and prevents Alzheimer. / Dr Gary Small
I have waited over a year for a reply back... Ugh
Did the #ClevelandBrowns even practice these last two weeks? This franchise is a mess
Do you practice attachment parenting? Tell us how it has or hasn't worked for you for our noon show
Global warming is just Jesus's warm love coming closer and closer!
Muahaha...What happened my friend?
#swag #swag #swag <3
I wish I lived closer to that Disney exhibition - SO amazing and my dad would LOVE to see it!
I'm down
you know what i hate i hate when a dam bird thinks he can do whatever the f*ck he thinks by shittin on someone, good thing it was my friend
It's noon and I'm JUST having my morning coffee. Well I guess it's considered afternoon coffee now.
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 14
To entice myself to finish grading, I'm not turning on Christmas music until I'm done.
Bored, lonely, loving the weather though. Rain is always the personification of what I feel, a bit of sunshine now and then.
People say the most ignorant things. Do you have a brain?
One of my all time favorite movies! Does this make you love him even more? Brad Pitt cried watching 'Life as a House'
on your place's like that? Me too. Suck, and more pretty slow lol than there
heart and mind open singing the Whiskey Lullaby
So fly
lol me too
We decided to just fully immerse ourselves into Coachella 2012. We did that… now we are back. Recaps coming soon- fuck, it was awesome!
Pay attention to anxious adaptors like fidgeting, clicking pen, clearing your throat. Erica Lamm offers confidential consultations,
The Carbon is active tonight baby!
About ready to start the March Professional Development event on private development with DAI, Chemonics, and IREX at #peacecorps HQ
you feel me? lol Pokemon is ageless to me.
I the cabs that look like police cars....
great interview on friday with victor cruz... the kid is a class act..
#Huguely lawyer says defense medical expert did "not see violence" after reviewing Love's autopsy/medical reports.
ow my head hurts.
Just a thought..what does do with all the bras that are thrown onstage??? I'm curious.
wanna go see drake?
Sushi dinner with some of the raddest gals around... Who aren't on the Twitter. A good Friday indeed. should be here.
Subject I never learned in first grade: Wumbology.
I love how you think you know the reason behind my tweets :) its so cute :)
I dont click links of people with eggs for pictures..
Ohio sucks RT : Need responses for my next article on Do you consider the #Indians and the #Reds a real rivalry?
Great to see Jane Lynch talking about #MarriageEquality on Piers Morgan Tonight ... thx for the support Piers! Love you Jane!
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':7
It is Follow Friday! Add us in your #FF tweets today and we'll follow you back RT!!
is waiting for that Brewer rally to start any time now.
We Not Even Together And You Already Fu*kin Up...
#sometimesyouhaveto smile even tho it hurts *takes deep breath* ^__^
: we could just agree to share 's birthday present. or 's. *cough cough
Sadly, I have no hug emoji on my computer :(
Thanks for the site!
I'd like to see a graph over time of who's applauding on their feet during the #sotu and which line prompted them.
Number 8 is on the way
Ridin solo...lovin me so much I'm ready 2 make luv 2 me....llfs...life is good!
What it do? Miss u guys...
Pettitte is going to make his debut this year on Sunday! I BETTER NOT BE FUCKING WORKING!!!!
This acid makes me feel like I'm on the "Starships" video.
what about djs
I'm sticking with Chicago tomorrow
yep. that's why we spent so much time on the street.
So what's everyone doing for new years eve??
Thierer begs to differ w/Berman - we have way too many filtering solutions. Berman retorts that there's no simple solution.
happy two year, indianapolis. i'd give you a big ol' kiss on the cheek if i could!
hello i sent u a message on Facebook can u get back to me as soon as possible
I could use a back massage right about now
After a defensive stop, Roper finds Sippio for another touchdown pass, Preds lead 20-7.
Happiness is when your husband cleans up the aftermath of a giant hairball the cat yakked up right as you're leaving for work.
DeLeo responds to Grogan: "It is my position that any type of new tax, I just don’t think right now is the right time to do that."
: Gotta say what's up to my midget friends.. Ok well I only have one!! <U+263A>-- eh, he's ok...
I think she is sexually frustrated....
Twitter twitter twitter can't wait till 2norrow my thanksgiving is a day early and I get to pig out
nice, haha!! How'd you even get up there??
Hi guys! Hope your enjoying your day.
Love makes people lose sight of logic and detail...
me too, i was just sitting outside chilling and it just fucking landed on me out of nowhere, my life.
Packed house for my Google+ brownbag. Oh boy
isn't is obvious that they're getting out of control? I'm getting nervous for tomorrow's game.
#Nothingfeelsbetterthan hearing sing <U+E022>
In Sag Nasty Michigan for those that don't know Saginaw Starlito was a NO-SHOW I guess I don't blame him...BUT plenty of chicks!!!
See a brand new, specially made "situation" by Claudia Rankine and John Lucas at Poetry Off The Page in May!
Go catch Andre if you can! Great show. Say hi to my friend & coworker Jason, on guitar. :)
I'm with on this one: INCEPTION & THE DARK KNIGHT for sure, & THE AVENGERS is pretty freaking phenomenal as well.
I still can't believe we're meeting. prepare yourself.
awww I Love You guys!!!!(: made My day.
He who lives only to benefit himself confers on the world a benefit when he leaves.
Come down to the new club Montage tonight, 3rd floor of La Cage, i'll be tending bar, and there will be an amazing show!!
thinks eating 3 bags of 100 calorie pack cookies defeats the purpose. :-) oops.
I am asking for opinions: Do you think Mirror, Mirror (PG) and The Hunger Games (PG13) movies are geared towards teens?
RT ": When gets impatient its the funniest thing"
I said I would love you forever. Well forever is over.
glad you like it!
Will do!
Its balloon day at Sydney b. Come down and get yourself one, two or even three!
Spent the weekend on Christmas cards, projects... It was a great weekend! :)
Have you heard of #Movember? Promotes men's health. Let's spread the word!
right!!! Ole hermit ass!
Taught Boellstorff's 'Coming of Age in Second Life' last night. Homo cyber: human beings are already virtual beings.
My daughter said it would be "selfless".
Justin has real talent THANK U TWITTTERRR
Thank you for the #FF ! We're in great company! cc:
About to head in. Didn't want to hear that.
I'm sitting in the bank waiting for a meeting wearing a jacket covered with splattered bugs. I feel like a strange part of society
why thank you sir!
That awkward moment when somebody's making too much eye contact with you
YES WE DO!!!": The most beautiful girls are the ones that have more to offer than just her looks...."
I can't take not one more social site, these ppl are so bogus! Lol
sounds good homie!! This weekend is good!!! Do it up in beantown & hit me when u back ...
yes. Great. You mean my background? #Somerville theater with sarah and steve. Years ago. Just like the pic
TELLIN MY STORY AN MADE HIS-TORY!! #DRAKE!!
Why is it that the more I clean, the more there is to clean? Where is the progress?
I love
If I Ever Get The Chance To Meet And I Promise They Will Love Me Im Such A Sweet And Sily Person!! DREAMING BIG
he boys on the stairs <3
Speaking of BKLYN... Are you going to be hitting up any games there?
finally reached 300 followers c: ohh i feel proud.
Thanks for the RT. Happy ACBW!!!
c'mon clouds... LET IT RAIN ALREADY!
I never get tired of listening to 88.3 way fm.
when a random number keeps prank calling you like get a life . -.-
Sweatpants day<3
Or proper slice of pizza! RT : You don't know the value of good bagel until you leave NY..
Well, my friend. Anxiously awaiting Fri night. Cas? Back? No one stays dead on #SPN! Hope ur day gets better!
Really, I don't need a "free Swiffer pack". Really. I also don't need dates or links to porn sites so please stop assuming I do.
Tomorrow's exhibit hours are 9am - 5pm. Remember that from 2pm-4pm there's a Spotlight on Adult Lit.
thanks! same location as usual?
There must be a secret button that sits on to shut off the music.
RT Suite in Epic Center is racist as hell. I will NEVER patronize that establishment. <<<Please follow
Finally. Practice is over c:
*noah sees my binder* "Noah: do u like rockbands?" "me: yep" "noah: did u kno that at a rock concert someone injected people with aids" 0_o
Just chilin at home.
leave now?
I'm wit kicking it just as much as the nxt person but if u always kicking it and looking for a good time when is u gettin to the money?
In about one year, you'll have it all figured out. These big city dreams are what you're about.
#WHATAFEELING it will be to see my #Raiders beat your #Browns again
Mine looks like battery acid
having a fierce battle with my serger
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 50
im good - how are you??
Ranger hitters launching airstrikes against the Angels outfield.
We all find inspiration in different places, where does yours come from?
help meet is like swim meet only with less water and with more need for help. help
um hold her :-) how else will I meet the tiny tot
I'm taking another little break from social media. 'Bye for now!
Merry Christmas to all and to all a goodnight!
I am american, don't let my spanish skills fool you.
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? Can you help...
you'll be presently surprised what I have for you today! Enjoy your interview on tonight!
Listing things on craigslist and ebay this morning like its my job.
hi liam i like your face.
I've been to 37 countries, especially Nepal. Beyond the Summit: An Everest Adventure and Romance is set there. $.99 on kindle
oh shoot! you're not still in town, are you?
I can't even believe how bad that was haha
RT : Cherish every meeting with someone. The odds of not meeting in this life are so great that every meeting is like a miracle.
Uh oh.. one step removed from the dreaded SLEEP OVER. Good luck, parental unit! ;)
Right!!! We need a backup qb bad and WR's, OL - hope Angelo isn't there to screw up the draft again!!
would only do that if he could body slam him.
The University of Maryland Chapter of Lambda Chi Alpha will be serving as the Big Brother Chapter for our new colony at
us? How many people? Lol
Plotting at Starting something new and my new recruits are super stoked! I've been buzzing about this for a week. More soon
Hates sleeping alone....
I wanna go out. ._.
Setbacks happened all the time. The key mindset is: "How far have I come in the last 3-days, week, or month?"
Actual clit or hood? The hood piercing doesn't hurt at all... Small pinch RT : Scared to get my clit pierced <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Surely the righteous will praise your name and the upright will live before you. Psalm 140:13
ha! So true - this place is huge
Had to TURN UP!! | “: My nigga Went Next level in Dat gym today”
what happened to your old twitter? :(
No way! Lebron can dunk???
Absolutely disappointed.......
everybody I post some cool stuff tonight but it all got ignored im always ignored by everyone like im invisable
I literally have the cutest baby cousin ever. So don't try and compete cuz she'll put you to shame!
The Middle Ground: Reflecting on Judge Dredd's Return to America With the news that IDW has the American rights to produce original Judge
is watching McGyver. Yay McGyver: a wonderful amalgamation of '80s sexism and junk physics. And mullet.
Were you ever robbed in Muldrow, OK? My Dad claims you were and he knows the guys that did it.
Thirsty as. :I
GigaOM webcast with BleacherReport. #Ruby not fast language. They use #Rails as little as possible by caching as much as possible. Telling.
Does Lopez know he has another hand to grab the rebound?? Stop tapping!
thanks fo info
Thanks! RT : Congrats! Wishing you many more years of success. <3
Time to listen to A Loss for Words again.
I'll never eat another banana in my life...
Good morning here at #Newark penn station and sitting in the waiting room with the homeless and 4 nj transit police not saying a word
there's a bunch of different types of yoga & instructors. some are gentle & suitable for injured people...
Pretty cool that 18,000 OKC fans bought tickets to watch three referees tonight.
Promise to always give you me, the real me.
Rafael was in my class today, he don't talk to me though. ¯\_(<U+30C4>)_/¯
psst - "the fed" is short for the federal reserve. i know you don't like when i correct you but congress and the fed are way diff.
Hooray! Love the Bravos in knee socks.
i find that if i sing my notes in my outline as im typing.. it makes writing this final paper a lil less tedious.. 10pgs to go!
you need to let me use ur ipod tmrw nt LANE
Goin' for a gay and merry ride, but you can walk if ya like... a la
Thanks to the new Saver Gator Fans!
#MyBiggestFlaw is letting stress over take me
Today was a pretty chill day, cant complain lol
Can someone point out the new footage to me in that international BOURNE trailer? I don't think it exists.
Amen sista! : When you know your value you understand you have the right to be selective.
I am at the Chicago Auto Show!
Glad to have you here; we hope they mastered social media! #4H #CoopExt ^RS
are u looking for new artist
any time bro! Cheers!
Im sorry its 2012...im sagging my khakis ...gangsta Republican
Good luck cheering you on at The Corner Bar on the West Bank of campus.
Mark your calendars for our open house next Thursday, August 18th from 5-7pm
Just Maybe One Day......nah
easily. beats audio & quality speakers
“: I almost got mad, but I had to remember this is twitter... just twitter” lmao don't be mad :)
Great Blog brugh!
what's up?
Ah. Ryerson's got us hangin with the great Danny Gotlieb!!!
can u imagine the job fair for that career field?
No. The band bowed with the cast!
working now, then have to go home to finish homework and a presentation...blah, but I get to start work at tomorrow!
Hi all my new followers!!! Thank you!!
think I may go back to eBay. Too much BS on NT.
True or False: Going to bed WITHOUT washing off eye makeup can increase chances of fine lines and wrinkles. Let me know your gut instinct.
RT already did bro and you needa tell tre we need to collab
I was thinking the same thing ;b Lol
lol sounds like the joke was on you ....very weird/ creepy!!
gbp/jpy looks pretty too. but I have a full plate. Waiting on crude too
maybe you guys should have listened to years ago
hahha see maybe he'll notice
Just realized I left the groceries I bought yesterday in the car... awesome way to start my morning!
Fundraiser for the Austin city food bank.. Help fight hunger in our community
so you know Ryan gosling has slowly but surely become one of my favorite actors
I'm a little late to it, but xfactor is awesome and Rachel Crow is amazing.
Volunteers aren't paid, not because they are worthless, but because they are priceless.
I love when it rains because those yellow and black sons of bitches don't exist sly dig at bees
Wish I hadn't seen that Lakers/Nuggets is on TNT Overtime.
Depends on who's there. Khalil is a no brainer if he drops. Keuchley should be the pick if he's there. Wouldn't mind WR though.
why don't they do the same thing to sports agents for improper contact with college kids?
Thanks! When Cox's burned down I had to take the show on the road!
Great thank you! These are both very helpful. Appreciate it!
Goodnight from Paris ! #I'm not tired !
“: Blessed to see another day. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>”
Love the optimism. RT the line at the media elevator should be a heck of a lot shorter.
I like birds
Do not shy to write and Post here at Twitter more! Make positive and fun for all fans globally!
Never wrestle with a pig¡ :8) you'll get dirty! And they like that!
BRYCEEEEE! LET'S GO!
LJ is a young 30. Got a late career start behind Preist. Vermeil ~Take off diapers
I just know that owes me a dollar. >_<
Playing Tonight @ Water St Bar - Downtown Sandusky 9pm
See you for Monday Night Social w/ Get on the list ! 818.602.7979
Hey make sure you listen for my radio spots, started up first week in April , running through Sept
you know, im just cool that way...
TONIGHT: Valentine's Day Bash at Hooligan's in Webster 9pm-?? w/Pauly & DJ Razor Ramon.. games, prizes, alcohol, food, and loud music
angelakle have fun ladies! wish I was there!
Trying to get out of the house to get to class, hands full with everything….. but the keys to get to class.
Ahh, I see :). That's my coworker's name, and he's also from your part of town. Cool, thanks!
hope you can come tomorrow!
I always want to beat the cheating Chinese in Women's gymnastics.
I keep spelling ur name with an s my bad
Good luck to our brother Jesuit school, Loyola Blakefield. They are competing on It's Academic this morning. Go Dons!
"i need new thomas' "-
RT : When the environment accepts bad behavior as a norm, You dont pay too much attention to it - Dumisani
I loved that movie! You going to make it to my neck of the woods?
A Porn Star Says A Baseball Agent Would Use Her To Seduce Potential Clients via
Thanks for checking in! When you have a second, we'd love to hear how your visit was.
Take you down , I really wanna take you down;)
Enjoy the day, remember the Dream.
We are filing a HUGE scene on Saturday. This has been an amazing journey.
what song was he singing
Anybody into Spies Like Us?
nothin better to do kid? lol lets put one up wit and soon
Paraphrasing : does #journalism's embrace of emotional storytelling & publication shift comprehension, understanding, trust?
So glad the sun has decided to grace us at #sxsw. Looking forward to hanging with tonight
Only 5 runners showed up tonight for our weekly hill workout. It was a great night to run.
whys the weekend gotta end? real life isnt nearly as entertaining
I know but I've heard Dodgers fans are scary and mean if I wear anything but Dodger blue! I'm nervous.
I have nothing to do tomorrow.
Balsamo: In a digital age, how do we teach people about ways of the hand? What’s the role of the body in knowledge-making?
You are such an inspiration to all women. A positive attitude brings strength, energy and initiative to all who receives it.
I am so starting to freak out at the thought of this being my last week at Aetna. So excited and all at once freaked :-/
Opinions about posting interview questions on site ahead of time?
Keynote at saying many factors pointing toward economy pickup: casual dining up, manufacturing moving back to U.S.
I believe you.. #IMeanThat Lol What u been up to tho
And, indeed, it's presence in our lives points to a kind of utopian idealism prefigured a century ago....
lots of people are texting this amount, the key for me is that we don't forget how to communicate in real time :)
OH: A large Madison company concerned about moving their entire IT staff here because there wouldn't be enough .NET talent in Madison, WI.
- you should start writing under the name Juan Kim from Covina.
Gotta move this sore body! Yeouch!
Is there a cover charge? Haha
#NP Twerk It...should NOT be in the office gettin it crackin like this!! LOL
Lillian Hellman~ Lonely people talking to each other can make each other lonelier.
Yes, I'm sure in no time he'll be dancin'... Yeah!
Got a new phone. I am loving it =)
would like to thank Julian Tancredi and Joe Hamel for donating to our upcoming reading of Antony & Cleopatra!
Let my prayer be set forth as incense before Thee, the lifting up of my hands as a sacrifice to Thee.
hahaa, wow. you are such a little bitch.
Tonight on #DocMartin, the doc struggles to come to terms with fatherhood and his estranged partner, Louisa. On MPTV 10 at 8PM.
Yes he is, I know him well, just forgot him. Thanks.
who #twitterlessRoc and ?
you trip me out
i know im bout 2 stop following ppl thtz not following me
I hate the thought of you being with someone else.
Travel Deal: Columbus to Las Vegas, $249 United, various dates in May. What happens in Vegas stays on Twitter
Mrs. Truman is resigning? #wtf #sadAnna :/
MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE. GO ON TOUR. I NEED IT. PLEASE.
If you enjoy christian music, you should check us out!
Ericka Dasher from Jane by Design has amazing lips. Every episode I'm intrigued by them
“: 4:20 is just "everybody talk about smoking weed" day. You fuckers act like its not something you do daily”
Time to go get a hair cut
Confiscated a Redbull from the breakroom like a fiend...first day back after surgery, working @ 7am post GM Launch
It hurts to think that you made me think that you liked me and cared about me when you honestly didn't give a damn.
that is great! I'm so proud of you! I know you're going to do big things!!!
YOUR THE REASON I STAY UP UNTIL 11:11 WISHING U WILL FOLLOW ME HOPING 1 NIGHT U FINALLY WILL BUT U NEVER NOTICE ME FOLLOW ME<3
I am a ranger
What's the best #Cleveland bar for Thx giving eve?
Self-trust is the first secret to success. Follow me for the rest of the secrets to success.
Looking forward to seeing you back our way!
i bet it opens w a couple in a park at dusk
not yet, but let's see what I can do.
Just call them, they should refund the fee. Crazy though.
According to the christian girl at school my soul needs a cleansing and I follow the devil
Thank you so much, Christy! Were u able to get the show downloaded to ur computer ok? Off 2 bed, chat tomorrow!
I'm done with this bullshit
presents Library Econtent Alliance at #PLA12. Hooray for bold leadership!
agreed. tell em we got 3.
ur a hater
think I made a wrong turn back there somewhere
Be careful of who you pick as a friend, most people pretend to listen, but are only gathering information to judge you with.
“: Whenever I see those cancer commercials I wonder when it will be my turn. #raincloud” with that positive attitude #sarcasm!
Lying helps you until it fucks you up perfectly.
thank you!!=D it feels better but hurts to poke stuff ha ha=p
I've been waiting all day for some film to arrive. It just came in and it does not disappoint. 2K Scanity scans from Cinelicious, Amazing!
“: I stay tweeting thug shit, but I'm sweet as can be <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>”haha me too
You have awesome tweets! Please follow me ;D
Life is being on the wire, everything else is just waiting.
Glenn Liquor store moved leaving big space for lease at Utah & University in NP Prime craft beer heaven. PLEASE somebody cool move in.
Peter, sympathetic insight
#NiceHorrorFilms A Beautiful Day On Elm Street
Glassjaw pandora station is awesome so far: gj, atdi, mars volta & chevelle now
sorry! had to cruise out to DC!
Thank you Kemya! (I know I'm so late! :)
i ment ready
I thought about all the promises of God for our needs... Continued next tweet
did he take down his bball stat tweets? I can't find them anymore.
I'm so excited!
Just know I appreciate everything you do.
This bed is so comfortable.
Woot! Touched down in Minneapolis for #aam2012 after a great conversation on the plane.
glad you are finally on here now i can just retweet instead of steal your FB status's lol
Hornswoggle won it in mid-2007, Vickie stripped him of it, officially retired six months later in 2008.
does supernatural HAVE a next season?
Beer & social media wk? YES! Come by our office for a taste of both. RSVP so we can make sure no one goes thirsty: on.fb.me/wUQTGR
Done with budgets...now brainstorming for proposals...!
just stopped in!
Listening to 11:11 while I'm on the bus :)
Wow what a nite!!!!! I'm still feeling the aftermath!!!
I know that but the fact that i didnt ask for a followback made it nice of her :)
Why did I have to park next to the dude breaking up with his girlfriend on speakerphone in a parking lot? Gah.
Mother's Day Special 50% off ALL wigs. Now you know why we waited 2 days before Mother's Day-50% off.. Ouch for us, Yay for you! 855-DRWIGGY
Do whatever you want, just remember, a dance with the devil will last you forever
lucky u
I loove that we live in a world that many different kinds of cats can roam freely
"Why are some things easier to write than say?" -Matched by Ally Condie
Where are you?
I see you becoming more YOU today.
Sounds like a great conference & I know you'll rock it! Have a great time & enjoy CA with the fam. See you when you get back!
Where did you take Mom for Mother's Day? Best brunch spot? A nice dinner? Who had the best specials?
Listening to an acoustic guitar band w a sax do an acoustic mashup of Eagles Hotel California w 2pacs California Love...and its dope!
RT “: RT : 62 degrees in December at 8:30 a.m. THIS is why we live in Houston! // no doubt!”
What about the all-u-can-eat hot pocket diet? : Boy, I guess I look like an idiot falling for that all-u-can-eat donut diet
We miss you over here in NYC when r u coming back :)
it's going to be crazy ass crowded.
I find millenials will spend a lot on their kids rooms...the more expensive the crib the more value they see in it.
Windows open in the Owl Bar.... spring has sprung. Wait, no it's Feb 1. Whaaa?
Just let me get in my zone..
Soon it will be hot! RT : I have mixed feelings about this week's cold spell.....Our Georgia summer is just around the corner.
is stuck inside on a gorgeous day! How lovely!
He is, but his point about Brees and the Saints showing up the Falcons last night was way off base.
After all this time and I'm just NOW hearing about the package installer from ? It works with & too!
Lol I'm an idiot. Asking three popular seniors if they would take me to prom.
Ok yeah, I've got a manly right wing-esque man crush on West-ie too! LOL
hate them! I think that's the general consensus; I can only see them appropriate for toddlers at a beach
In Microsoft Word formatting hell.
never been phony...sorry u having a bad day...no need to reply back...hope life gets better GOD BLESS
Going to Lake this weekend:)
Nice job! Now I've got you in my RSS reader.
*watching The Bachelorette. I'm not actually the Bachelorette. I'm The Averagette. New show, coming this fall.
you stupid, stupid silly little person... thanks for coming to the screening last night! :) Have fun in Vegas
At M Henrietta having tasty coffee with friend and fellow cat person
Get down to from 7-10 for Jazz Fest...Cincy Brass bringin the funk as always.
ohh ok :) can't wait!
did u get my txt? I think I sent my blackberry pin
previously on #Survivor. . .
Just finished a photo session with models & stylists from Saco hair. Thanks for an awesome session!
Anybody know what happened at Washington/St. Charles with the police car accident around 530?
People I enjoy!
Joy is a return to the deep harmony of body, mind and spirit that was yours at birth and that can be yours again.
Just finished Aftermath. Loved it. Heart an "endlessly pumping spring..." especially apt and beautifully put.
Why are ppl shocked or dismayed, stunned.? This wk is a clear picture of the GOP& what theyve been for 40years.
Thanks for the heads up. The issue has been resolved!
Just had lunch with my beautiful daughter. I wonder how many thought I was a dirty old man dating a young girl.
hopefully the same person off stage as on.
I'm gonna agree with him...SA please!!!!!
I totally agree. At the most basic stage, one should not be sitting in a swirl of incomprehensible syllables.
Tell me now!
#gotohellcarolina “: Self handled that interview a little better than the last Kansas coach who was in that situation.”
Ha! As if the minority were interested in debate. Show votes are not debate. Or work.
Rocks, natural bridge... Not a bad day at all with
hope you enjoyed that box of tasty cakes ahah :)
haha I'm gonna start having pity planking parties
:) i love reading! I am looking forward to checking out your books. I am always looking for new authors!
We felt the earthquake all the way down here in Richmond. At Bottom's Up eating pizza when it happened. Just thought it was a train.
his incredibly articlate and inspiring oratory
Awesome!! Can I find a clip online?
Y do MFkers feel the need to irritate me or piss me off w/i my 1st few hours of being back in town? ER >:-{
Just missed the deadline on a great job because I don't have memorized how many semester units I completed in undergrad. So frustrated!
“: Someone come make me soup :( #sick #tired” <--- awww if i was closer, i'd be there in a second!!! ;)
Thanks much, I'll take those kind words from you, oh wise one. [He is a really great conversationalist: ]
I didn't think you would be up lmao! I want to go back to school already!! I miss my social life <3
#glee is a little sappy for me this week. Why is everyone crying!
i interviewed you at the NewNowNext Awards. is Paul the publicist that was with you all that night?
Suggestion – Ninth, Do whatever builds a connection without making any points.
Hmm, #Soundgarden just rolled over to #DuranDuran. For the record I *do* listen to music that came out in 2012, just not this morning
#NP Andrew Bird - Break It Yourself
shit , the guitar is important
I just found out that a large popcorn with butter at the movies is almost 1500 calories!! Oops!
I just don't know how parents can do this... the video is called Child of Rage I only saw part 1 and it was mesmerizing to say the least
where is my cuddle buddy at right now like tf
Listening to Gary Keller talk about the power of 1 thing at #kwmc hit home. Talk about #perspective!
If MKG & Lamb come back...forget about it.
On this date: In 1763, the English lexicographer, author and wit Samuel Johnson first met his future biographer, James Boswell.
the times ive seen him, including the tine where i almost met him but didn't :( he has been so nice and just awesome with whatever
UGLY DAY RAIN UGH WORK WAS GOOD AND FUN ,,MISS MY GF ..
How come Mexicans don't get a whole month like we do tho???
I appreciate those who "Do Good Continuously" a little more than those who "Do Great Sporadically!" I require consistency nowadays!
Thirsty Thursday anyone?
I wanna be your Christmas wish, your 11:11 wish, birthday wish, and new years wish. Will you be mine?
what is it with the #orioles and doing what ever they can to blow games against the yankees?
last, but not least, #FF my dear friend - GORGEOUS greeting cards with beautiful photography! one of my favorite etsy shops :)
ah honeymoon time! have fun with the guidos... so much sexy chest hair and so many gold chains. so jeals.
RT : Desk Set is one of my favorite movies of all time! Viva La Bunny! //me too!
Got old kicks? Donate em! We r collecting used athletic shoes for our Durango shoe drive Drop em off or FoYO
the time has come for a new tattoo.
Abt to go in to school see y'all at 2;45
Don,t fool yourself!...life + the music "biz" is very tough + demanding..you will need real "faith" in order to survive + endure..
File under Unlikely Foods: this bagel store has a "Sports/Energy" bagel.
gr8 thing about the desert this time of year,,single didgit humidity,,swear dries asap!! still need a shower though,,
Hehe it's alright :) & thank you babe, I hope so too! :) I'm good, thank you. How are you? <U+2665>
you sure? Wouldve made u happy lol
Going to the toy section of Walmart with your boyfriend making fools out of yourselves>>>
is out this morning with the MXT vehicle, Athletes & Kick for Hope Soccer Team. Tune into to check out the action!...
one more fuckin love song
Sorry, I know it sounds like a cheesy plug, but it is sincerely true!
As an adjective? Ed-tech. Ed tech as a noun.
Hi Michael, nice to see you on Twitter. Hope to listen your new songs soon!
And a feeling of deep relief washes over me. Moving (for the 250th time) in two days. Soon I'll get to write about this life in retrospect.
Thanks for the RTs this week
When Bradley Center w/built, Bill Wirtz blocked Lloyd Pettit. MMAC & Mayor show no leadership for Bucks.
hey miranda you come 2012 to germany ? or europa?
Follow me on instagram :D
Make it nasty !
#YouAreNotWifeyType if you try to control my life.
Attack of the Giant Cats!
Liking someone doesn't mean you have to be lovers, sometimes you just have to be friends.
's heart is bursting with grief for her sugarbear.
Yes, i thew up on my bday.. it was fun (:
Wine anyone? Tonite at Teak $10 off bottles!
The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake. - Meister Eckhart
Can't believe you're admitting this publicly. RT no, , I've "NEVER SEEN CENTER STAGE" hashtag hashtag hashtag
Ill give it to Louisville fans, they are much better losers than we are. But then again, think about all the practice they get.
“When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears.”
Finished recording the song, Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism, and I'm scripting the Christmas Progam details. Can't wait to help others
On TV now ... Kennedy funeral.
Unity works as advertised, but... that's not compatible with me.
We got some exciting people coming into the office today! Hanging out with Carol Brady herself as well as Elin Hilderbrand.
sorry if I'm spamming your twitter feed :( I hope you go to Coachella in the near future! Hella worth it!
Is their another word for synonym?
John 8:36 - So if the Son sets you free, you will be free indeed.
I am in DESPERATE Need of some #starbucks !!! :/
what time that party startin ?
HARRY POTTER AND THE DEATHLY HALLOWS PT 2! Yeah buddie!!!! :D
A wise king never seeks out war, but they are always ready for it
Keep this shit
I'm gay
I think that means we are trained. Uh oh.
You're going to get TONS of people saying this, but it's Duff's BY FAR
We are looking forward to another amazing day in Portland!!
ANN COULTER CAN GO FUCK HERSELF....REALLY JUST GO AWAY BITCH!
no, dont have that chanel...watched the 2 disk DVD.
My parents bought solar Christmas lights. I'm so proud of them. Haha.
Hello Mates! Thanks for the follow; look forward to sharing!
You need a plan to build a house. To build a life, it is even more important to have a plan or goal.
Moral indignation: jealousy with a halo. -H. G. Wells
Also for bicycles! RT : Watch out for motorcycles in the coming weeks! You're not used to seeing them after long winter. Thanks.
LOL! Good luck with that. It's an incurable plague.
RT : What's wrong with working at the mall tho? Some niggaz is out here not working at all. I'm jus saying....its a job lol
Lost my status at usair. Sitting in coach and know that is smiling somewhere.
I mean, Willie Oleson needed his own acct. he's just plain crazy.
It took me long enough, but i really like sleeping with sirens..
Yay! Which one did you get?
TD passing Perfect pass.
Really got to go to the bathroom. No gatorade bottle tonight...
Things are coming together the right way!!!
Merry Christmas! May you know the true joy of the season!
Section 184 Native American Loan Program only requires at credit score of 580!
Just one of them days
Here's my guess about ur tattoo. K so far I think IO is moon's of Jupiter, n XC should mean Jesus Christ. Idk am I close?
oh heck yeah!:) so are you getting good at this tweeting stuff or what? hahaha!
Camper: There's a leak over my bunk!Counselor: Shh! Don't make such a fuss. Soon everyone will want one.
nice order, are you graduating?
Sittin here watchin this video vixen movie w/ my mama. somebody tweet me
Headed to today to see the Vishnu exhibition. Religion + art = <3 !
do you help your clients with their environmental due diligence?
there will be one day that i won't have to deal with the horribly-odored, cramped seating, and creeps on a daily basis. i will rejoice o ...
definitely! Or his jersey lol
i followed him! :)
Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear. If you do not feel the jolt
I have yet to meet a person in real life that actually thinks Newt Gingrich should be the next President of the United States. Not one.
The hold music on this call is really wildly reminiscent of Angelo Badalamenti's Twin Peaks mastery.
“ Tony parker gets off tho lol”
a little sad but i'm ok now :-)
And the moon just slowly disappeared. #Supermoon #goodshow "you cant fuck with the moon"
Good afternoon Twitter! I'm in #NYC today for an interview - gorgeous day here! -Jared
Kid:I want a little brother Magician: "I'm sorry to say that I can't do that alone. I will need your mother to come over here and assist me.
Have a nice day!
Looking for experienced gameplay programmers, RTS/MMO Experience a huge plus. for more.
Players see all types of injuries
Springtime in #Seattle - let the rioting begin! #SeaMayDay - via
Pre-production starts at the end of Aug of our new reality show that follows the lives of 3 poker grinders trying to make it big in poker
When you're in a race to the top...sometimes it's greasing the poll behind you that determines where ya finish.
LOVE THE SITE! Thanks to for putting me in touch with Successful Woman!!
The Modernist Journals Project now has its own Twitter stream offering updates about new additions, events, and features.
Does anyone know how to get pass the 2000 follower limit on Twitter?
Get your popcorn ready RT Hello friends, family, and fans.This is my official account I finally found the time to join twitter.
Yeah but in the 80's you never got the question out: "Are you bla…er...Afric….er…colo….are you wearing a hat?!
How can a serving size be half a pickle? Madness...
I'm not trying to be negative at all. I study Econ and I know that government being involved is bad.
Recording the audio commentary for with and ! Coming to DVD this October!
He was drunk...again...
If abdc were based on votes like it is supposed to be, the boyz would've won last year and fanny pak would've been gone by now.
Members are discussing the pros and cons of social media ie. Facebook and Twitter. It's looking like positive is winning out.
I don't do anything wrong I just got new friends. So don't act like this
stephen hawking knows it all.
Come join us for Chuy’s Hot to Trot 5K & Kid K from 7:45-11am at Chuy's Arbor Trails in South Austin 4301 W. William Cannon!
Just starting my day!
Love the wizards (not sporting). Glad we won but also really happy to see jimmy get a goal ,,
wow your artwork is amazing, I love your use of colors
WiSH U WERE HEAR~
Only a few more weeks until we play before the Tigers game @ Comerica Park August 19th!
Jimmy Fallon -- I Asked Howard Stern for Advice Before Obama Interview
Cheer up :(
Left you a vmail in the office - R U Free for Lunch on Friday?
Dare to crunch!
just scanned everything. Seven bucks. Lol
Nothing against the Prez's current speech-writer, but I think he might want to hire this Abe Lincoln guy. The man makes a lot of sense...
Shoot me your email.
I feel like when you guys say a pitchers strike it is often on a 2-0 count as well. Pitchers behind in the count get the calls
we're all going out
RT : I'm gonna miss some people but the jerks that love to be genuine A-holes for no reason? Eff you. You need help.
fo real though some people with there big asses bro, unless they stuck hamburger meat into there pants. O_o
Just checked my grades on the Suffolk website.. 3.3 gpa my last semester of college! :)
to you ? For the shoes ?
The release should have been celebrate
i've seen it. I'm probably thick in the skull :-)
Happily Taken <3
India recently launched a nationwide initiative to phase out traditional incandescent light bulbs in favor of compact fluorescent lights.
who's on February break? I don't have mine until Monday xP
launches new website! Looking forward to working more closely with and
1st Duke Blue Devil ever to play in a Super Bowl!
man, the red Sox variety of heron was in my yard just this weekend!
lmao I see..
The one weekend I decide to come to OK is the one weekend they are predicting a 'violent weekend' of tornadoes.
wow! Another great pic! And how are they tasting?
i'll text you if you wanna talk! lol i'm here, like you are for everyone else :P
Haha! I like your new rendition of "Eenie Meenie" =)!
Ron Dale- Canadins see the War of 1812 as a fight to preserve their rights and freedoms. ISHS symposium, Peoria, IL
looked good on 106and park today
did u do the personality hw?
Any Madden fans in Indy tonight? I've got a couple #maddenbowl tickets to give away.
no, city will issue new bonds to cover old debt, kings will use future revenue as collateral.
Beautiful Mistake
If you ain't got the fire retire. If you ain't the shit then quit. If you ain't on top then stop.
very sad
Yes you did!! :D I've been rumored to be dating both of them.
Someone come kidnap me
I guess we should post them on our site for people to buy huh lol
Because they are secured, home equity loans and lines of credit generally carry a lower interest
is a cool #imagine :D
Is this at Wonderlab or the Columbus children's museum?
I need your help!!!!!
Back in action after incredible week and everyone: keep in touch!
Lena del rey !!!!! Bible her music is dope !!
1/r = 1/0 = infinity = singularity? Is this correct?
Hi Lowell, welcome! Thank you for liking. Did you get to see "Surfacing" yet? Were you one of the criers? ;)
Fruit Ninja i love that game my highest is like 500 something idk i forgot i havent played it in forever
Family Guy is so fucking funny
Shout out to Power 106 in Los Angeles... I'll be arriving soon. & Shout out to all my fans! I <3 you.
The difference between the successful and the unsuccessful is not the absence of obstacles, but the presence of perseverance.
about to get on some roller coasters lol :D
If you have a twitter you know everything.
congrats to !!
#Marlins bullpen just blew it!
I never walked this late to Food4Less by myself before :o
I love how uncomfortable all the other commentators are when charles barkley speaks
RT In honor of Officer Stephen Johns, Museum will be closed tomorrow, June 11, & our flags flown at half mast in his memory
you're doing an amazing job
ridiculous essays. no science. they start their arguments by acknowledging that meat is bad for your health. ridiculous.
Is a potato a veggie or a starch? Or both? If both, why does everyone say eat more veggies but no starches?
thank you!
Work, then home. Yay!
not weird! I need halp! There's so much to do. I don't have doorknobs.
look 4 the old guy in black with LOTS of gray hair and camera's that'll be me :-) Praying for ears to be open tonight!
I love the Miami mornings
Heading to the gym.
Another former Met with a perfect game or no hitter. Congrats Philip Humber. And Coach Robin Ventura.
I think Shane may have lost a finger
CW: Whats a google number? Me: Google it!
youre paler!!! (paler isnt a word)
Like the Soviet joke about police pay "we give you a gun & badge, salary's your problem", it's "we insure you, health care's your problem"
Romney is dead right now, no matter what happens in FL. Pathetic speech Sat night. Did he sleep through 2008?
Reminder: next Bloody Brunch is 2/21 at ! Twtvite later today! :)
I made it home safely from work and I'm tired....Smh
I absolutely detest riding the subway with luggage.
Any word on #thefighting14th?
Wanna thank God for everything I do have rather than for asking for what I don't #Thankyougodalways <3<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Vega Communications is now connected with Colorado Connector. A great way to meet other local businesses.
Holy musical b was pretty good hahaha
I can HEAR Emma watson's eyebrows in the tale of despereaux.
. "Countervailing" is an old Galbraith word. Countervailing power necessary in the context of ultra-right super PACs.
Empty pockets never held anyone back Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that
hey everybody still on myspace: you really are trash, everybody knows it ;)
True, network cares about #marketing. Is just interesting to see what slogan it picks, since decision is prob research based.
We are OSHA & HIPAA Compliant making us one step ahead of the others. We are your best choice for Medical Courier Services. 877-527-5737
Thanks UCH! Finally found my way to NYC eventually!! Hope all is well RT “: hey will congrats on being on air at Now !!”
Tom Cruise always runs in his movies, except in Risky Business. He rides a bike real fast instead!
thanks for the follow! we hope you are excited for the line to be released like our friends are!!
you & #oomf were having a convo & i thought it was funny. Lol
yes indeed
There is no angry way to say bubbles.
And that was after a stop in Kensington, where supporters are everywhere.
mr Chris singleton what's up
Overheard at #UWSocial "Everyone dicks around on the Internet, tweeting doesn't have to take more than a few minutes"
Better recognize that awesome man or woman today. Otherwise you domed to tear down all you've built up. NspiredBy Proverbs 14: 1
#WeWontWorkoutIf your not gonna kiss my bass
also maybe a pool house/cabana?
Today's writing tip: Your reader will forgive you if your story doesn't have a happy ending.
Jay-Ism # 1 - "Do Not judge a man based on what he does, but Instead judge him based on what he could do, if you just help him."
Thank you very much for your very kind article.
J1 can yu buy me a drink... Plzzx??? I heard yu biggest suckka in the club... #neverthat I bring ma own bottles girl...
do u have a myspace. (:just curious
Over-managing manager gonna overmanage. RT : Five-man infields don't work when the hitter lines a single to left to win the game
Two great time traveling shows. #Futurama and
It's a little depressing that he knows it and yet they keep doing it.
Thanks for following, the week before WrestleMania I have a whole Wrestling themed week themed :-)
Random? Every single one of them had a purpose...maybe...
Countdown to U2. Who has more hits? Bono or Ichiro?
Great. Now I want pie.
4th quarter. Anybody have those heart paddles?
k we comin over
Inspiration and genius--one and the same. -Victor Hugo
not in n good mood
bitches are horny tonight
you know who else does? WAH-AH-AH-AH-I DO! (wow, I'm really slipping on the 1-liners...)
We should do brunch!
"When it's time it'll happen, until then do you"
RT "We only have 1 life. We gotta MAKE it happen, and not wait for it to happen!"
We had a good band rehearsal tonight. Working out a few new songs. I really love the way my vocals are developing on the songs!
realistic life goals.
Hello Sunshine! I'm so happy to see you!
For the next 11 hours swing by Kroenke Sports Charities and get the deal shown here: Youth Sports Day Tix
Restore us again, O God our Savior, and put away your displeasure toward us. Psalm 85:4
I'm sure it is, just to much of a good thing!
Giving up booze and social media for Lent. What about the other #catholics what is on your list?
I Need a #Plumber in West #Detroit Right Now! By Davison & Lodge. I'm Paying $ ! Please Hurry!
I am almost 100% sure I saw my ex in my neighborhood today. WHAT WAS HE DOING THERE???!!!.
Nice, congrats!
"Venus favors the bold."- Ovid
That sucks nigga.
When is the wine tasting?
Turkey and Friends will be attending the MS Walk Awards wednesday June 23 as we were a huge part of that event raising over $3,000!
what's shakin!!!! Are you hiding from the world again. Miss u!!! Let's do something!
In the past, when you were angry with someone you fought them. Now you just delete them off Facebook. That'll teach 'em to fuck with you.
I love when the underdog wins. congrats on a great game and all of the Milligan grocery softball team!
But wait. There is another version of bump n' grind. Hold the phone- this is just really not ok
I think that apps like have relegated me to poor social skills. Just did a purge this morning!
I got you.
Gotta love the Hyatt and their Wifi.
fun for sure! Hahahaha
Specyphi what you Believe.........Thanks to all our Fans..........
complexity inside 140 characters GO.
why do they use thin women to model plus sized clothing??? i never get it when i see those ads
As of now, it looks like it's going to make it bruh
you know I can't anyways, my head too big lmao
a long time no using twitter :)
I'm an official TJ member. I bought the membership. #AnythingForNick <3
:( I totally wanna start im just not motivated
congrats in the big win for tonite!!! Miss you guys!!
I love that song…always reminds me of the DXARTS years
#2011musictaughtme that I love all kinds of music. Don't just stick to one genre, branch out.
I had a wonderful family despite not having a father around, I did have a stepdad for awhile but that was BAD
Adorable Mother's Day shout out feature from and others during
If I don't see you on Monday when you are in town, I am going to come find you and slash your tires.
Dude I love old people
#youreGoodInMyBook if you make time for me
talked to my mom. definitely can go sunday. Let me know if you need a ride
"Become a great communicator!"
1st period is just to early for math. Just saying. :o
Thank you for your vote! “: yes and for you!”
My TL Is blowing up
Georgia Tech is way better:)
Its so weird ://
You laugh because I'm different........... I laugh cause I just farted!
whaattt are you going to be in chicago?
RT Just ran into Denver coaches buying pizza 4 bus ride home.He apologized 4 terrible game. Thinks Jays have some replacing to do.
3D video has been posted for my VIPS!! Have an amazing weekend! Time for me to go play some more! =))
Not ME :) RT : ": Damn my cousin makes the BEST mixtapes! F*cker! #donttellmyaunt -_-" I should charge huh?
Humanity lacks races because human populations have not been isolated enough from each other to develop into discrete groups <3 cult anthro
- thank you for the #ww :)
I get the strategy but if there's less than 1 min left in #superbowl, you're behind & you don't want to score... You're doing it wrong.
glad I have that kind of impact on you. Don't swoon too much;-)
all the MILFs are going out today for drinks!!
Schools over thank god! #weekend. (:
OMG i look like im high in that last pic
This isn't rocket surgery (by )
Do not change who you are for anyone. If God, in all his wisdom, made you the way you are, He did it for a reason.
Tough guy at the car dealership wanted to show me his new Avengers tattoo. Thanks.
Guy tried to pick me up in rush hour traffic on 695
": I hate u niggas" but we love u beautiful
What happened?
After rewriting 6-8 pages Wednesday, I got inspired & switched out a character for a better one & rewrote about 20 pages to various degrees
lol it wasn't directed to you.
Never spend your time walking towards a woman who's always running to you... #cause while you walk, somebody will beat you to her...
who did the packers pick? Sorry my twitter is acting funny so I didn't see who they picked
For the meat eaters,fish, or chicken without the skin can be added to the diet with a careful watch on the intake of calories in each meal
Its so hot and theres barely any sun
shout us out for a smog check :)
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.
...I plead the fifth.
i'm doing good. had a pretty rad weekend ;) how are you?
u ready for spring break?
That was a BLAST!!
Hey mate, nothing to tell yet. Clint
you're unblocked, now chill
LETS GO MAVS
Extortion- proposal. If u don't want an Smart Meter at your house, opting out will cost you $99 fee + $7.61 per month.”
Some jackass just asked me "when will I preform Trampoline?"
It isn't my fault your up :-) RT : I hv a 9:30 final. I should be asleep but instead I'm up like a crackhead on a mission.
Not as many weird people in Walmart at 8:45am
Its been a long and windy road but i have loved every min of it I couldn't have asked for a better 4 years. I love you Class of 2012
Except maybe "I Don't Care About Kardashians Weekly" that publication is top-notch “: Any magazine?”
It's not really a discussion if the prof is just waiting for you to say what he wants to hear.
Tallgrass Brewing will be bringing a cask to the MKE Firkin on July 21
N mine Lmaooooonsjsjs
Working on a safe, electronic lock failed, I still suggest regular combination safe lock with spin dial is more reliable. Todd H.
if harry ever follows me, i'd dm 's name every day to him until he follows her.
hehe. i love you.
Walked into wing stop and lacrosse was on tv.
The Wiz is on and didn't tell me!
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.
Dear body, I know ur tired and want me to take my ass to sleep. Well no worries help is on the way! And she goes by the name MARY JANE!
shout out 2 Destiny Browwn great person super Photographers and business woman To all my followers follow
Thank you to my friends at FRDA for being such great partners in our Fulton River District neighborhood!
One week down, two more to go..
Hey, just sent you another review.
There you are! I'll zap an email to you in a few. (Thx !)
I'm a new coupe, you just a used car
“: Some people really do a good job at being creeps.” I'll fuck you in the ass. Creep-styles.
looking forward the the "El Gran Combo" concert at the Conga Room. Use discount code "LATIN" to receive $5.00 discount at Congaroom.com
start applying! I should be visiting Sweden for midsummer not sure since the hubby might be working. Any plans to visit the US?
good things come in good time!
You look better in low lighting.
We Can Do It All Night Boy _
Don't worry about avoiding temptation - as you grow older, it starts avoiding you. ~Author Unknown
Thanks ! Check out one of our biggest events this Sat as 3,000 CPS students come together for a 1 mile run in Washington Park
going to Awesometown. see ya'll there
Calm down. I just have this pesky Apple gear that gave me last year that I need to make work w all my google stuff! :)
Five is awesome too. The longest I ran w/o stopping (before running 7 last weekend) was 4. I'm building up from 2 to get to 10! Lol
You know things just got serious when its your Facebook relationship status.
thanks for the #ff :)
it's all about giving back Carol. :)
You know when you have to wake up early and you're paranoid you're going to oversleep...so you don't sleep at all? Yeah, like that.
You are one cool fairro :) The King of Kind :)
Today's Sandwich: Ham & Turkey Club on a croissant with a cup of soup......$6.95
Tomorrow is the start of the Flights 4 Kids helping Kids fundraiser for our foundation! Come fly for a great cause!
true all straight girls have at least one lesbian Crush
haha im watiching videos of Whitney Houston!!!
4 anyone with coal miner ancestors, t is worthwhile to visit a place that has coal mines open for visitors. I did this in '05, worth it!
and I just spent half an hour going "you know that place?!" ;) thanks!
In the defense of members of my family, close friends and my future children, North Carolina- you got it WRONG.
im 16 how old r u?
- or how you had 2 wait 4 the nintendo power mag 2 come out, or word of mouth 4 clues to beat a game.
Ha! But amazing story considering criticisms of groupon from & maybe beginning of an even more interesting story!
Thanks Joel! I'm so grateful for the many awesome products from Enjoy Life Foods. Hope you like the new book!
People like you? DESERVE a bitch slap :p
Gertie! Hands down. You definitely need to pay her a visit (or several) this summer. She's on now, so hoping she'll be then...
Who told you I don't have one already ?!
I doubt he's anywhere near a favela sure his maid comes from one
Shut up!
Comedian is at Go Bananas in Cincinnati this weekend. Incredibly funny guy. One of my favs, Alex Stone, opens. Be there!
The lady's for mob wives chicago are so ugly and oldd
Siding with Mike on this one. Euro Club/Champs League is tops for competition. WC more glory
Hey, are you from Missouri?
It's what I do. #nobigdeal And your help was
good luck, a huge step
RT if you play your favorite song again and again until your sick of it.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
Holy heavens!! That's a massive snake. Gives me the creeps too
Never say No! to an opportunity when it comes at your door!..
I grew up in one of the badder neighborhoods in Cleveland
When does it become hard to give to sum1 uCare about?
What I have read about is the very extreme anti privilege/ racism ideologies. It appears very divisive.
right on! I just saw Paul McCartney perform in london. It was awesome. Where do ya live?
NASCAR is back.
I miss my so much! Visions of the west coast dance in my head...
Avoid downtown Seattle traffic on 3rd 4rth Ave at all cost.
Off to office potluck. Elaine Benes' "Get well...get well soon" comes to mind.
thanks man !
Great story! We should catch up some time.
Vernon Curry! Thanks for joining the Karaoke MVP family!
The Milanese Torta at Coa! Breaded steak, refried beans, lettuce, tomato, avocado, and our zesty mojo sauce. And topped w an overeasy egg!
#amwatching the musical #Memphis from the best seat in the house--my daybed chaise! thanks to :) and it's rockin' so far, me likes
I done made some fire beats lately. I ain't bn recording but I bn cookin up. Got to get n right. My bad!!
We're having a legit meal in my living room tonight: wings, garlic bread, bagel bites, doritos, pepsi, and pizza. Hell yeah.
What we see as rejection, God sees as adoption. When our earthly fathers fail us, God is always there.
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: Andy Davis, Ziggy Marley, Les Paul, Estevan Oriol, and the ladies of 'The Office'
That's funny lyn thats the first time I have ever heard that one but hey u know u could NEVER be with a girl like me not even if u were the
You said IU had to get to the line and so far they are.
I was wondering same. She did have witnesses that bill asked her for a blessing which would be like granting priesthood status
Your audience knows it if you miss a half a practice!! if I miss 3 days of practice my audience know it! :)
Orlando Florida kid, but I go back to Vegas every few months
93.9 might as well be playing my spotify playlist right now
I won't lie, working out this morning (however briefly) in Rome was HARD. However, it always feels worth it at the end.
#InMiddleSchool class work was so much easier!
on a related note, your new piece from last week is tasty
So Berman, this is commercial free?
Juuss did (x
Out filming with Getting footage for his new video for the song Night Owls And Early Birds.
Up eating n watching kcmo on world's dumbest police chases
Praise is like sunlight to the human spirit: we cannot flower and grow without it.
Right now, the words i speak & write, their jst not me, not the same
You ain't gotta say too much, from the look in your eyes i can tell you wanna
Watch out for Phil. Putting out of his mind!
yes! thank you!
Alright, where can i get ticket oak seeds??
. thank you - hey having y'all document stuff is a HUGE help if you don't document no one knows what happened!
thank you for dropping by! Love your photos!
is heartbroken was hoping SDCYD would be 1st Dem Club joining Filner, Kehoe, Atkins, Young, Gastil & Frye in endorsing
He changed my opinion of him last night though...he really is a good artist. I would love to play #drums for him!
We prefer "a nonprofit's Affleck & Damon."
I love ... Everyone has a favorite DMB song and it's never the same as yours.
Who gotta charger ?
Tired but not sleepy
MVP Now Lebron James needs a NBA CHAMPIONSHIP. Dont want 2 say this but Go OKC Bulls fan here
just finished watching it. It was awesome
To the world you may be somebody, but to somebody you may be the world.
we have another party tonight!((; but first I'm going shopping && then ill be there. You going?? #PARTY #PARTY ((;
we opened last September!
man i missed BOY MEETS WORLD ! kinda
And sister too
Bridesmaids on repeat on HBO and the Jasmine Express take-out talked me into is really not helping w/ today's productivity.
Go to tomorrow and buy any Stumptown Espresso - get a free strawberry champagne cupcake! Yum!
Does anybody even play Angry Birds anymore?
hey steve!!
Dude im gonna be in the gym all day today :( I should've just stayed home lol
Grab your nearest crowbar and make your emergency kit, a Zombie Apocalypse could happen. Prepare for it go.usa.gov/jmo
You're not intimidating... like at all... You fail, and suck at life... take that "gun" you have and Kurt Cobain yourself
Harry has a girlfriend! I need pics!
#mmaf2010 concerts and mobile is like pigs in a warm blanket. Great presentation Live Nation
just made me lhh! to damn funny!! can i get a RT!?
Good luck to at THE Ohio State University. Going to have catch a buckeyes game soon!
RT "Sad news on Racine's Caron Butler. Out for season." - I could tell by his scream he let out when it happened. Chilling.
Que no involucren el avatar please! RT : Implementando =D
ah, now the salad bowl might have been a step too far. Still the wigglers shouldnt undermine your foundation or anything.
I'm so tired.
Great to see you on Twitter, lady! xo
McCain has no facts! He only has soundbites!'
I wonder who go win the finals
RT if you love shoes! What's your favorite brand?
thank you so much! where are you from?
I could use some banana split dippin dots right about now :P
"Today's my golden birthday!" "Oh, well, in that case..." *pulls down pants*
network network network Make sure you're adding key contacts if you're on Linked In (and looking for your next job)
Something about Government so small it fits in your uterus?
Then you should swing up to OKC. “: I fly to Dallas tomorrow--exciting!”
my top off, my seat back, your bitch is in my ear sayin she need that ! Im ballinn ! Haha dope song !
Thanks for the followfriday mention, polite people! Have an artful Saturday!
Specializing in the identification of attorneys, office administrators, human resources, and paralegals.
more like #sobewff retrEAT! Enjoy! RT : Wow! + just prepared amazing lunch for
keeping my fingers crossed given I haven't even been on it since last summer...
I always wear in matching socks
...@ 4:47... pulling an outbound BNSF Line train today was...210!!! My MOST FAVORITE Metra locomotive!!! I saw 210 today!!!! :D
Thank you very much for the follow!
Say what?
Friends don't last 4eva but my soilders will last eternity
nvm it wont let me
sugar we're going down - FOB
Does anyone in Somerville want to go get me some Chicken McNuggets? I will pay double the cost of the nuggets.
M delicious tears of rage, so very good.
most welcome
I wouldn't mind so much if there weren't other people around. I feel like I'm arrogantly talking to myself.
God it's hard to like twitter.
last class of the year
follow my new page please boo with your thick self thanx!!!!
i cant look at ur icon!!! it wont let me :(
We disagree! See: RT you can't borrow a power tool from a social network - nor for that matter a 'cup of sugar'
Pitchess motion GRANTED on bad cops who falsely arrested my San Diego Occupier!ILearn Monday if cops r dirty
10 Facebook Tips.. Dont poke people.. like who the fuck does that?
Our values are reflected in how few are mentioning or caring that he used slave labor for our' convenience'.
: over sixty libraries have left Koha/PTFS for someone else this year. (Yes, many of those to )...
Go Eleanore! Looking forward to The Spinsterlicious LIfe
#2FollowersThatShouldDate and ? maybe ?
man Wat y'all on g
excited about bowman!
The new ranking FIFA: Spain, Holland, Germany, Brazil, Uruguay, England, Portugal, Italy,Croatia, and Argentina.
I have really been enjoying the double-cardigan look lately. Pairs well with a bun, natch.
how is this not a gaffe? “We’re going to overcome the issue of immigration.”
Welfare fraud story on the news this week? Must be sweeps…
Been a busy little bee! How is you?
dev is my laptop. QA is staging. :-P
Paul, are you in Baltimore now?
I'M SO JEALOUS.
Well, add another state to the list of places I refuse to live on principle. sigh...
blue/green shoes with pink bows. Then it's both something new and something blue!!
Obviously I am hoping for more on a personal level
i was bout to sell this one too...lol ill wait
I just did another twitter (:
you can't call to be the president of douchebags and tweet that nonsense lol
I'm expecting Marcum to be the #RoadWarrior tomorrow and to take it home Sunday! You got this boys!
#ItSeemsLike I'm not going to get any sleep tonight. I wish my eustachian tubes weren't so small, I can't hear anything or stop coughing.
I think most people would rather be a packer backup than a viking starter.
No room for Christian as we filled AT&T's outfield w/ Pagan and Cabrera (& Nate) Have fun in Fresno Christian, stay strong!
Real tlk fuqq the end of vacation...i actually want skool.
Thanks for the follow!
Enjoyed the conversation with Indy Star Editorial Board this morning.
PickUpLine: So, what are the chances that we can engage in anything more than just conversation?
lovely to meet you today. Thanks for spending the morning with us!
Thanks for the follow, Michael!
Sorry to see this so late - Yes, still open but we're close. My IP now blocked due to troubleshooting! Not my day! :) Thanks!
Follow me on #Instagram, gang! Username: BadNewsBears
How To Grow Taller Children - A Guide On How To Accelerate Growth In Children Through The Right Combination Of Nutri......
Lol why? He drunk?
Are you making the trip to Atl for UFC 145?
who's the best group:a.hamilton park b.omg girlz c. bhavior d.hi-riz (if yuh see this RT... and tell me your answer. <3 <3<3<3
and everyday after
TAKE ME WITH YOU IM SERIOUS HGUTHGUOT
Swimming pools, hot tubs, Thai delivery, and now a bit of Ken Burns' Civil War before NBA semis. Notice the list includes no complaints
RT : Have fun at the concert, it'll be deadly<3
Bhavanacreation: Wax Museum At School
I'll tell her next time for sure! For both of us.
Your profile pic makes you look like a white dude.
Honestly just though Adam was taking his shirt off.
We have a group out tonight for a bachelor party. U ask who goes out for a bachelor party on a tuesday. Someone who knows how to party
haha well you can't live in WA and not drink coffee
i've been but i get girl respect alot but im still single which im alright wit anyway
Pittsburgh with the sweep today. Buccos, Pens
Rest in peace, Leslie Nielson. Thanks for the laughs.
I'm really not thinking ahead of myself here, who wants to come get me on the 16th or ??
Happy to see so many taking advantage of our upcoming New Member Orientation on Feb. 9th. Great opportunity to meet ppl and learn about us!
the CA state Supremes already boxed the governor's iffice in when Ahnold fumbled thru it
Good times with family and friends, congrats to on daughter's birthday
Trivia night with a heavy heart! Our Brit is leaving us! And I despise the obnoxious emcee.
When different aspects of my nerdy subcultures collide, like Amber Benson and Maureen Johnson hanging out, my mind implodes.
There are too Many Fake bitches in this World! >.<
I miss my monkey man lol
Last night I watched the muppets it was good :)
you're awesome! have the best day :)
Did you put that sailor outfit on him? Bc if so, then that's why he hates you right now.
My tl is so dead
Baseball really is a game of Inges.
Upgrading your business mobiles? Make sure you get a quote from us! 0844 880 2010
Lets trend this for
I just watched Garden State for the first time in over 5 yrs & it was completely foreign to me. The soundtrack is still amazing though.
From nothing, right now, I am the possibility of love, freedom, full self expression and endless creativity!
#2011icf Coaches: your "marketing team" is anyone who can help spread the word. Ensure they understand your biz.
DONE ! X x
In my heart
They put their bodies on the line for that free education.
And with that, Aubrey Huff will probably start tomorrow.
Got dem young niggaz dat will hide ya body parts.
“: Making new friends and learning new leadership skills is so much fun this is what this all about #DECAlda”
a little manscaping never hurt anyone
Thats not snow, those are end of the world ashes from nearby burning towns.
All My Best. Just get better. We will miss you but look forward to your return. We need you.
what is the hardest thing for you to be truthful about?
i just realized i haven't used that photo yet and its a great photo.
WOW! YANKEES WON! CAN WATCH BASEBALL AGAIN...
What’s on your Kindle right now? We’re reading The Historian, Bella Tuscany, & our own Lilacs and Other Stories
Watching 3 straight episodes of 16 & pregnant is depressing. I wonder how much these moms get paid.
And he's still running for president!
Aint no one got time for that.
i thought u left yesterday
Maybe a Big Time Rush concert this summer (;
LaLaLaLaLa Las vegas
That's a beautiful treasury!
no not yet!! I'm still young!
We can't go on together with suspicious minds
when they ant support any argument they bring up US open cup.
Good Morning #Horde!
Hm may be on vacay, but I'll bribe you to listen with tix to shows all morning. more......
I don't care how good #BryceHarper may be, he looks like a tard.
#ZBoMomsDayBrunch definitely put a white headband around the nice pitcher of juice.
Sent you DM asking about June venues for WordPress meetup. 's weekends are filling up. Thanks!
Tweet tweet tweet play what I want please. My staff is alerted to your presence. I love motivating my team. Thank you.
Thanks for the Tip Top love!
well i posted first to tumblr :-P
That article ends w/a shout-out to In addition to the fab lab, you can also shear sheep & farm fish. *homesick*
Follow me, please? It would mean alot<3
followed you back. ^^
NO FUCKING WAYY. OMG THT IS THE CUTEST THING
I see you out there doing the thing...
I found you miss new booty
Lots of people here at the #ulga-yp meeting. Wow!
Dealing with change is a life skill
MKG not too literate in post game press conference.
You are just too nice to include me in the #FF love!
Its Good Friday. Why are you in my reading room?
I hate the "do you believe you can win?" question. Who's gonna say no to that?
Everyone should follow me and
Colleges don't eval teaching. They eval publications and let students eval teaching. Its a joke.
I'm enjoying seeing peoples reactions to the new #chatter feature in #salesforce.com Its like SFDC has become FB and it scares ppl
Omir Asik you're not welcome in Chicago
has a Freemont Street old Vegas hangover today. Cheap beer, cheep fun equals need for greasy food this morning. Thanks Freemont
Doing work feels good!
Listening to good music REALLY LOUD never gets old. :)
im here guys its been days i love you guys i really do
Nice! RT And it's a drinking your weight in Makers Mark night
Seriously. Did I miss something or were they actually disappointed that he wasn't hurt.?!?
Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>ing then soccer game vs killian
I'm checkin it out now actually...was listening to tattoos on this town for the Jason Aldean contest....not bad man!
that's a damn shame. Having worked in that area, being able to go on Fridays was a highlight of the week!
I have been sitting at your desk for so long its starting to feel like my desk
One must remember the difference between login and non-login shells.
Peter S. Beagle has a new book coming out March 1. We wants it, we needs it. We must have the precious. We may be a little excited here.
thanks for the suggestion! I wasn't aware that was an option. I just asked, and am hoping for a warmer second half.
great! You'll have to come out and celebrate with me :)
TODAY: Dr. Santosh Kumar, University of Memphis, Addressing Stress and Addictive Behavior Using AutoSense,12 p.m. MGH 420
Can't stop thinking about him
same wen the game start
Success is not measured by what you accomplish but by the opposition you have encountered.
Just a tip: If at a party, and a friend says "I got an idea, lets do a ritual." Just say no, you'll most likely be better off that way.
My car hasn't been this clean in like.. Ever.
Going to try a Wells and Youngs Courage Imperial Stout today. An imperial stout from England? Not expecting much
you in Philly tonight big homie?
Thanks a lot!
Look at me following you on twitter! rockin :) Please play lighthouse at City Walk! See you then!
an you grab an autograph for me. I am in some Army training in South Carolina! Be back on Saturday!
The rumors are true....I broke down and joined the Twitter bandwagon...here we go....
Thanks for entering! :D
What is the default Zen command for Mac 10.7 Textmate? Command + e is an OS shortcut. How do you choose a diff shortcut in Zen?
Totally zoning to Antlers right now! I love this shit!
Floridia born. Vegas rasised ALWAYS a Heat ALWAYS will be
I've only been there twice haha but no one has been ugly haha
#Collinscold it shall start trending? RT if you Love
So glad to host you and 400 of your classmates at Reynolda. What a night!
Happy Wine Wednesday everyone!!!
I THINK I like that my doppelgänger Twitter () has a Chris Klein avatar and is about Internet Phone Service quality. I think…
Feeling really blessed right now!!
NOW YOU WANNA RUN AROUND TALK ABOUT GUNS LIKE I AINT GOT NONE, WHAT YOU THINK I STOLE EM ALL?!??!
Thanks so much :)
Sleepy but cant sleep :/ too much on my mind.
It would just so happen that when I move back to DC, the Caps lose another Game 7.
Always be kind to others. You could save someone's life.
Up at 4:30am and headed out to LAX
I know #NYC hasn't been responsive but maybe also try their LinkedIn group and see if anyone there responds.
Thanks 4 the shout-out!! Hope u had a wonderful weekend!!:-)
Great turn out for Industry Volleyball yesterday...congrats to our winners! Thanks for coming out!
me to
I have looked through 100000 halloween pictures now. You guys win the contest for the best family costumes for sure!
Wearing my #RalphLauren boat shoes. & , feeling
We're playing on march 3rd with Royal Bliss and Oceans Divide!! More details to come. Get exited!! :o ;) :)
S/o to doe ctfu
Thank You for your service!
Thanks very much.
Back to this grind tho
Wedding at the Carnegie tonight, yay!
I was just one of the first people to sign on the west side of Madison.
Ronda Rousey training partner watching fights at my house tonight so cool!
Alright i hope you have tons of fun
We are covered in paint but the walls, ceilings, & arches are complete! Doors, windows, clean-up, floors & then we start MOVING IN!!!
my engagement ring is here!
party n bullshit?
Wish I was there to see/ participate in this! Love you girls!
"One Flew Over Hartmut's Face"
#shahsofsunset is the most ridiculous show since
agree 100%. I'm a believer of can't throw a team together & expect instant chemistry. It was there late.
i smashed it with my hand & got blood & guts all over my had .. lmao jk ew thats gross
Another Goal - USA 3 to 1
Hey Gwen! How are you?
mall in the morning with my cuzzie poo =)
The voice of #BartSimpson, #NancyCartwright, to give Ohio University commencement address on June 9.
So many drunk civilians. So many.
I want some money too. I'm going public.
I want to go to the Mint show<333
Do you need a Ta-Ta-Tuesday bumper sticker? Email us: with your name and address and we'll send them to you!
I MET CALEB FROM FTSK!!!!!
what a few years ago he was in california at Los altos high school talking football I saw him then never shook his hand
we'd LOVE to be guests at one of your amazing extravaganzas!! call us if you need two fun & fashionable fill ins.
Looking forward to another amazing show from you guys! Keep it up!
I appreciate the kind words coach. Good talking with you; stay in touch!
R u in Atl?
They are long, but "Summer is coming."
Up early today earlier then usual for a Sunday. Going to be worth getting up early for sure cuz I'm going to the #Tigers #WhiteSox game YAY!
moskoj: thank you for emailing me the rountable session topics. Let me know where you post about it on the ...
#andrewbreitbart Holy smokes, he sends liberals into high dudgeon the way I thought only George W. and Rush were capable. So much vitriol!
so what happened what she do?
for cat scan and blood work not my usaual saturday saturday
RT : knocked on over 2,000 doors in Louisville supporting Jack Conway and local KY Dems!
Why don't students ever understand cc/bcc? To be fair, I didn't know the difference until I was 22.
DID Fox news 25 really just plug a fundraiser for a dude who got killed in a "Drug deal gone bad" Plz tell me I'm just running to fast @ gym
So u sayin I'm cute?!?
Planning to tour #duringthesummer WHAT UP WEST COAST?
What? People are stubborn? Get out of town!
Thanks for the follow, Adam!
Firehook is a great place to enjoy lunch! We have a variety of gourmet food and drink items to complement our breads which are made daily.
y'all don't faint of the shock. ;)
These women are so childish
More blog-crastination, but now I have a decent excuse: basking in the awesomeness of Maui!
what if u don't have the money to pay for the application can u still take the exam?
I was on the same a few weeks back. Are you watching once upon a time?
4 more followers?
This generation will make the change. We are a part of that change! Teach your Children the benefits of good Health!
been following, but I can't DM if u ain't following me
i think this is how it feels to become irrelevant.
#geekend #fa111 via transmedia marketing rocks when done right.
Omg!! I'm praying it's nothing. WOW
This Kanye fellow has some musical talent. He's a bit vulgar for my tastes, but so was Hemingway.
Right on.
The moment when you see your ex again after so much time and it brings so many memories.
There is no way you knew this. None. Gary Kabaly has been booking films in our theaters for over 25 years. Imagine. 25 years.
Happy Mothers's Day to you too, babygirl!!! I was still laughing at that eyelash story... Haha! My dilemma today is Doobie or wig?
Happy St. Patrick's Day for Padraig Harrington after the (61) he shot on Thursday! has him winning #PGA #Golf Transitions :-)
Why in the world would I edit a core file?
Just found out that Dev from the song "Like a G6" is playing at our Soma show on Nov. 11th. Pretty sweet.
Congrats to All-American Availables Showcase participant Marcus Lewis who signed with Eastern Kentucky last night. Another one off the board
haha no no no
its not really the sun here, plenty to do inside, its the heat! Lol. The padres get the same attendance we do tho!
working on a twitter training power point for my company. anyone have any good training info that I could use?
hey , you like garcias shave? lol....guess he finally gave in
monty? Lol! Out of all host names to choose from..
Be careful who you open up to. Only a few people actually care, the rest are just curious.
Jazz Friday 5:30 - &:30 with Kenny Clark and Kenny Cohen. $10 Admission FREE to members. First Friday in the Eau Gallie Arts District
rain makes me sleepy :/
Ghost rider 2 looks awesome!!! nick cage is the new nick cage. and The rock is the new Brenden frasier with Journey to and gijoe
Some days just seem so blah. I just want to go somewhere far far away.
#RonPaul2012 # Boise Rally Baby! I'm starting to feel like a sardine and I LOVE it!
do ya thing and give that good advice when needed. they messin with a pro:-)
Why does the work week have to start on Monday? >>>IT DOESN'T!>>> I think I'll go play another round of golf.....LIFE IS GOOD
White Castle!
THAT'S ALL FOLKS! Battery's at 1%. Congrats to this amazing #DCtheatre community. GO SEE A SHOW!
My job should not have offered that contract for third prize winners. We looked like we bought a pet rat from mexico.
I always got your back sis
I will blast "FF Victory" song for u when I come home and see kick ass GI work! :D
Can i get a follow??? pleasee
The problem is that #Privacy and #Search are no longer about what YOU want... ;)
#FF13 Thanks to all of you! #I<3Jason
thanks for shoutout
May I suggest asking the shuttle drivers to turn the A\C off OR close the door while the bus idles for ten minutes unattended?
"Forgot my passport. Had to sneak into Canada to perform tonight. Don't tell!"...<They didnt wanna keep you?...just kidding!
now that just looks like way too much fun is about to go down! have fun guys!
Although all Mayoral Candidates were invited only Mirna White and attended the LGBT community conversation
the system....lol :( ugh gulp...umm how do i retweet? anybody....
Congrats to Matt Stainbrook and Xavier Basketball - committed to Xavier - will sit a year then have 2 more left!! Great fit!
As begins, she frames gaming in terms of ethical responsibility. And Peter Parker.
I hate when females accuse me of being a player ima actually a big nerd :( don't judge a book by its cover!
and this is why the cashew is the king of nuts.
It is more expensive to fly to Antigua than it is to spend a week at an all-inclusive resort in Antigua.
omg yay<3 you did really good! And you looked beautiful!
fuck this i cannot do it man
Welcome back students! Come in out of the cold - we have great places for you to study and work on your research!
We would never shun you! ;)
wow that's a lot of songs!
Im about to upload the mixtape but I only have 11 songs. cant find the number twelve!
Woke up at 3:00 this morning
thanks for the RT! happy Monday!
Idk if its just me,but the older i get the less i care
Laying in bed and all the best ideas u have ever gotten just keep flowing on in. Now u can't sleep. Retweet if this is you.
If you're not my man don't call/txt me after 10pm thank you
Oh n I tripped n fell playin bball w/ the guys n now both of my knees r really cut up therefore I def will be lookin my best for mothers day
what happened i am good friends with the dad mike
I'm a math major, and I've thought about Dan's seating question. Pretty sure the only way is to have people sit in a circle
Is there an app for iPhone
what was the name of the store that had the cell phone remote start on sale?? Thanks Jenn
I'm just another kid that's going thru life so worried that I won't be accepted
#NAPO1212 #NAPO2013 We need video streaming next year- not just recordings for sale.
Still on a shopping high from all of the gowns & bridesmaid dresses we ordered at Chicago Bridal Market!
I think Subway has a ninja marketing tactic and that would be to make you smell like herbs and cheese ALL DAY!!!
*eavesdropping* that is the cutest!
QoTD: "Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality." (Les Brown)
#90sareallthat is making my night that much more pleasant.
Go and follow and then so you get an instant followback! CHECKING the first 25 only who do it! so #Go!
Thank you, we hope you have a great Wed. too!
: Do you think Glee has made you a better dancerr? :)
Want to feel pretty hard? Watch Gangland for about three hours and you'll go into
Problem is, how could a principal find time to keep an eye on, say, 14 teachers' social media interactions?
NOW YOU'LL READ MY TWEETS, HUH? Yay Packers! See? Paul Davis Restoration & Remodeling won't steer you wrong. Pls keep reading our messages.
proud of you!!! Nothing but good things coming for you :)
I chilled outside every single possible second I could today. Even though I'm working.
Hearing someone speak Spanish is very sexy.
I sure will, thanks so much!
calm before the storm?
I'm home.
Watched pilot of "24" today. It's been years. Forgot how sexed up it was. Gotta do what ya gotta do to get the show picked up, I guess.
Hide you daughters, hide your wives, Ben is in town.
Looking for HR managers, recruites to work with us! Contact us at for details.
lucky dnt forget to txt me whenever u can :)
Fine coming for cursing Pau ...
it was! Shoot! Are you still around? We're at sticky rice!
(The Business of Sports), (Partnership Activation), (Power Sponsorship).
Are you guys going to eat all of your chocolate pie? Just asking, if you don't want it!
YES ORGASMIC.<3;D
It's been raining al day
It's President's Day. Whatever company you work for, wish the President a Happy Birthday. You don't want to be the dumb person who forgot.
Tonight has been a really good night, i didnt even know how much i missed you being a part of my lfe
hmm... probably something that's completely average but would look cool with a special filter on it. Like grass. Or a building.
Thanks, I'm trying...
Ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous.
Still waiting for the stache to work its magic...
I do now lmao
I need to focus and you tweeting me isn't going to help :(
Happy is getting a tryout with the #Chiefs this weekend. KC could use a really good 3rd TE.
Beebas Book Nook offering used kid's books for $1. Proprietor Robin McKnight says it's her 5th year at the event.
: #Pisces love more deeply than any other sign. Once you have their heart, it's always yours.
Merci! YOU rocked <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
how was I rude? Gosh so mean to the little Indian one. Geeeezz
What are you waiting for: Google Places is waiting for your business!
yo where you gon be this summer
Ey yo Miss Natalie, does your party tour end in LA? P.S. u R BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT!! Don't eva change!!
Rachel Crow killed that ish ... #xfactor. Btw ... Simon got so much swag ...
In a moment I'm lost, dying from the inside. Her eyes take me away, tear me apart from the inside out.
oh moms!
LOL now now...don't get sensitive on me. He's a coon bean bruh. Don't look at it racially. I'm not about that bs
about 9 am. So that wasn't your handsome face I saw?? :(
&quot;How to Do Website Optimization Yourself, Inexpensively and Successfully&quot; From ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
RT : Terrell Owens first catch moments ago was a touchdown.
To have you must first believe that you deserve!
Just saw 8 girls get out of the back of a 2-door Alero! Haha
The handlers are working hard
Ohh the random things that happen on skype<3
After 8 years of shameless Bush neocon swagger, the GOP claiming that Obama is "spiking the ball" is laughable.
lol. Me too
Nice start to the game for the Packers!
Everytime I listen to lil boosie "I miss u" I think of my cousin mckinley & ram :'(
I made it to Post, TX. Yeehaw!
Thanks, Keesha! He keeps me on my toes! RT Hilarious!
happy meow-ther's day, then!
Miss you already!
effective schooling for black and Latino children has run its course." In re PICS 2007
Ok, that was awesome. And I'm a dork...not a literal one. I know how u think.
Are you following ? It's the mother ship for all things Crusade.
Live @ 7, we're live at the Funhouse Lounge. It's called an arts-centric lounge. Find out what it means on KGW.
#Syria|n #Revos-U better quit whining over #sects & start supporting #SYRIA.When #Obama pulls the #NATO trigger-NO sects matter but
RT: Calls from Youngster Joey
Fo sho! We're like, loosely connected so maybe I'll get to pat you on the back at somebody's party in 2012. Hah! Keep rockin'!
Wow just went thru a storm in Chicago!!
3 1/2 week am class starting September 1 and an evening starting September 7th! Check out our website at www.TuckerSchool.com!
Who enjoys friendship more than I?
you're most welcome!! Hope your week's started off well :-)
Weekly #HCG Tip! If u have crab meat on P2 make sure to get FRESH crab meat b/c imitation crab meat is loaded w/ sugar!
Tweet me a "<3" if you want me to DM your name!!(:
Here are some "tools" that #redevelopment junkies should learn about. One is called "your own money" and the other is "private investors."
Always on - the most significant trend - must provide info to users all the time
Pia is really sweet and will talk to you if she has time.
Texas? blank stare...
Oh lol! Should have read the tweets before I just tweeted haha!
let's get a tree for out apt this weekend!!! we can decorate and listen to christmas music and cuddle with hot chocolate :)
Because I am, I do...Because I do, I am!!! Shannon Evans Get it Get it Get it Mavs!
my head hurts
Tuning radio to the TV, which it is not. Giggling at Ghostbusters theme song.
Entourage lost all its essence when sent for syndication
Can I marry an Australian??
lol who knew so many people had our nonsense in common? :)
Just so you people know if Phillip sucked then he would be in the bottom 2!!
Things that are better together - peanut butter and jelly, Sonny and Cher, Batman and Robin, chips and guac, gin and tonic. What is missing?
thanks for the follow! find us on facebook and jam "Carnival" recorded with
#TroyDavis #FreedomFighter You may not have won this battle but you made waves!" Change is coming..RIP
my nickname for it DUH
Okay, just blew me away. Talk about quick & easy web app hosting/deployment! There's a premium, but wow a lot of power.
exciting times
It's quiet around here now, but it's going to get crazy in about an hour. Quiet before the storm!!
I loved words. I love to sing them and speak them and even now, I must admit, I have fallen into the joy of writing them. — Anne Rice
he is lol
Good lord, when did I get so critical of movies!? I don't even like the stuff I should definitely be liking.
That's what i like to hear! :D
Good tip. I often forget the importance of special and personal anything!
follow me back please! <U+2665>
They have money for war, but can't feed the poor
Aw, thanks. We love connecting with people interested in what we do.
hay mama how was ur day
Yeah, but Neiman Marcus lets you return things with full refund when you realize it doesn't fit. Too bad free agency doesn't.
NO! Hey, boy's turn around! Walk this way! The milkshakes are over here!
Heard that Strez. Clean it up to strictly Sox fans
RT - Indians start 3 game series in Arizona tonight on back of being swept by Giants. Cleveland now trail Detroit in...
Immersive "presence" ripe research topic for abundant Internet via , especially in Second Life
Oh u put #teamfollowback on every tweet, thay doesnt make u look deaperate for followers at all...
That is Kentucky Derby scale of Hat awesomeness!!!!
A million hoodies for Trayvon Martin!! Wed March 21 Union Square 6pm. Wear ur hoodies
yay!!!I hope you pick me :{D
"Whatever happened to shame? Is shame such a bad thing?" I love you
Do all #MBTA employees get a raise & pillow with fare hike:(. Public Meetings - Newton City Hall - Tuesday - 5:30pm to 7:30pm.
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals. ~ Benjamin Franklin
Weird thing about my adventure. When I stick with it I lose weight. When I cheat, I don't. What's up with that?
“: Justin Bieber's voice makes me melt. #BOYFRIEND”
It's funny, I've had this exact thought!...you nailed it. Thanks so much!
Also, how weird is it to say, "I'm getting married next week." Seriously!!!
Did I stop caring, or did I redirect...idk...
Feeling bad for your ex...
#Oomf is blowin up my TL with bullshit. It's making me want to vomit.
I'm lonely and have a headache. A drink and some relations would be superb.
Love is a game. You play it everyday. Love is a pill. That you take when you have pain. :) xx
Formulated my plan, motivated by dreams, elevated with my mans, motivated my team<U+2728>
#moverslongisland still available during this week. book now before it's too late! rates are still low, treatment still as good as it gets!
summer break? :)
of course the one derby i couldn't watch.
MT : Who do they see as their market? Leica has become a bastion for the rich only and they have abandoned their past.
FOLLOW ME SWEETIE LOL
#YouShouldNeverTrust people who only talk to you when they need something.
Work capacity is to fitness what location is to real estate
Mother #May I 2012. #Yes I May. #BigMonth to all.
someone passed out and she said she couldn't breathe :(
I fucking miss you to :/ I have not seen your ass in forever either & if I can recall right I called your phone last night
having Olympics withdrawal.
When does the line hit the stores? Or has it already?
I think Pete's gonna snap...
I just want a person to come into my life and make me say Wow! instead of Why?
Jewels I don't have a woman to share Valentine's day with.xoxo :-) Bobby Howard
Thank you so much for your support! Appreciate that muchly! :)
why do we have to be the "really emergency back up plan" for problem landings ... not the first time ...
Where are you? I want to do that!
Decided to go out tonight, this clubbin partying shit is wack. Id rather get to the money & set my sons future up!
More police to create crime. More social programs to invade american homes, tear apart families, more government is not "Recovery"
"It's rare that I interview people that I don't talk to....a conversation begets a conversation"...well said paul
Mind your manners.
Booyah! RT : "Would you like some aloe vera? You just got burned."
Not feeling good & I can't even call outl!! No one would believe person is sick after SuperBowl Festivities & I didn't hang! Damn u nfl!
just looked at your twitter account as you posted this. Considence? I think NOT
i should go wash the dishes b4 i get on oovoo o.O
I do! Would love to :) I'll dm you my info let's do it
guess what? nobody is talking about the economy...
hey I'm tryin to get you followers ;)
Just got my first pair of Vibram Fivefinger Shoes.
Happy Easter to my Tweet Peeps & my FaceBook Friends! Have a Fantastic Day!
Haven't brewed a batch at home in a bit. I'm starting to get the itch. Might have to part the sea of boxes and rifle out a batch this week.
This cashier just hooked a sista up up up up up.
The world is such a strange place.
Brining in 6 or 8 data temps to help with the data entry stuff. The internal SQL guys are writing the rules for normalization.
I have been all over! How are you? What kind of cool stuff?
I need a camera so i can show u guys how i look rite now which is hawt ;)
Costa Rica Why? I make it a Dental Vacation... Cleanings... 25.00 US Dollars! The WORLD should PackABag&Go on frugal travel! :)
Hey Detroit we r hiring nail techs contact us
This kit makes you want to play John Mayer songs.
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare
a good diet would be toilet paper with inspirational messages like: "You had to eat that second cheeseburger, didn't you?! You fat fuck!!"
getting the coffee. 5 gallons of it.
ca$h out retweets me but never follows me or nothing :(
Worry is for the birds :)lol
Let's be honest were never gonna get enough of eachother
Great day yesterday with the boyfriend and best friend at the mall. Relaxing today(:
The only fans I have seen at the Cliff more annoying than some of the Cards fans were last yr.'s Georgia fans.
welp.. not doing anything this weekend!
yeah I'm dealing with people that wanna drink the worst shit.
thought you all filled that position?
Home from work (: looking for something to do tonight.
Stunned by Firebird.
Come in for #HappyHour at the in for $3 wells and discount drafts, 3-7pm Monday-Friday!
your twitter pic just made my day. Incredible!
- We ALL are Responsible for our Choices - No Matter What the Results Are - Monitor Your Attractions.
cause I paid them all to stay away just in spite of you.
your home doing your little baby shittt,and hes playing you boo
Have a great day
The moral this time is girls make boys cry.
Wake up Louisville my god
Thanks for a great night at the game!
Why is David Decstro still on the board ?
never felt so alone in my life
throw some reggaeton back at him!
Joe thanks for the follow Judy
fun comment of the night: "you look like Malibu Barbie"
Will hit you back later on Ann B Davis. Trying to get confirmation for Ariel Sharon's publicist.
OH at Red Feather: do you have like Coors Light or something?
Theres no light by king taco!
already know!
I'll be happy when these NYE plans get figured out so my phone will stop blowing up! LOL
Wtf ..this twitter shit.. i just saw this.. andd sorry I guess I was just remembering your party was the 30th when are you home?
Finally these pain killers are kicking in. I'm in too much pain.
Nice video - only slightly embarrassing :)
Seek to understand before being understood. ~Steven Covey
"when the plane lands in the hudson it's too late to learn about twitter" From 's talk on social media
The only honest art form is laughter, comedy
I am embarrassed to be a Sounders season ticket holder now.
HAHAHA your weird..... JUST KIDDING HAHAHHA im just gonna stop laughing :D
Get some counseling. Don't allow people to change the greatness that you have to offer.
How can I see who (name of the Twitter account) that RT my tweet?
Lmao me to. Why yo cellphone go automically to voicemail.
lol 1D arent even a band, none of them play instruments :p
Bad Company (1972): Excellent episodic tale: boys going west to avoid the civil war. Early Jeff Bridges is as great as old Jeff Bridges. 4:5
I'm interested to hear how it goes. It would be really cool to do an app - just can't think of an idea!
I NEED a visit soon!!
Saw The Fighter last night. Very good. Better than I expected. The big hair of the sisters was Oscar-worthy!
Join us in wishing a very Happy Birthday two of our crew, Creature FX artist Don Bumgarner and Sound Designer Julian Evans.
#NPinDSE Led Zeppelin - Stairway to Heaven
Love mighty mouse
How does a Doctor add text/phone/social media/increased face-to-face time w/patients and not lose $ from 3rd party payors?
Lamborghinis were figment of my imagination, who ever thought the fignets this nigga would be making.
And Elias bleeds for his team...
Would you help me get to 1,000 Followers :) <U+2665> Thank you soo much
"Protein" is a euphemism for meat-or-soy. As though you can't get protein from vegetables (which every cow, horse, and chimp does)
No no! No! Id want 2 go 2 the hospitial!! Ah! Stupid foot cramps!!! It's nothing reply if u agree!! RT if you don't know Say no if u don't
#HandsDown i will never back down i love a challenge
Don't text me. I'm in bed.
thanks bra
Thanks so much! Glad you enjoyed. We're proud to have you as a fan!
REALLY!?!?! OMG.......i don't know to be happy or sad...what if Justin was dumped!?
Had a dream and I were in a band (think #highschool, not ).We didn't practice the song & got kicked out. Naturally.
You say this, and yet my phone tells me you do not follow - in which real Larry King proves your point, x1,000
I refuse to write a line of code until I've had coffee.
oh I lose my phone at least once a week lol
This conversation is so Hot! :D
I have always been a huge admirer of Bob Richardson's bright highlights in Scorsese, Tarantino and Oliver Stone films. Great DP
is nutrition hard? I was thinking of taking it
hey homie, hope all is good man. < ya'll gotta check my dude out.
Glad you're reading! Heads up--very emotional book.
Love DT and my niece thinks you're hot. Would love to win that book for her!
- wow, congrats!!!
Watching American Dad
Concert at 12th and porter with the baby brother.
#Pop? RT : also averages as many home runs a year as Izturis has in career. The lineup needs all the pop it can get.
I'm so tired of being depressed. I loved him. Why did have to talk to his ex and say what he said. We could have been wonderful.
I actually thought to myself, "That means what I think it does, right?" lol Doubted myself bc of the non-reaction
What did your Mom say would happen if you didn't eat right?
Miami today, Jamaica tomorrow
twitter jail is for when you tweet 100+ in one day, ahaha
Become a RACK INSIDER & be among the first to receive info about upcoming RACK promotions. Sign up online or in store
Thats a good secret! r/t Secret word of the day "SAVE" gets u a meal for only $6 (Pita & Fries or Salad)
Was only curious because I do graphic design for a living. If interested, I could send you the link to my portfolio.
I want that shirt...
is that where you've been? #wilderness lol No internet there, huh?
Social networks ruin relationships
#gtd 4 of 4) My ipod classic full of MP3 books and GTD podcasts
if any car can make it Donald can! Japan here we come!
You're so funny! ( Elway and Manning )
- R.I.P Tommy H. Youu will be missed
Its goin down all day n nite....if u can catch up wit me I got u on a round of whatever u drinking on...#GoodLuckHappyStPattiesDay:)
Weird people make me feel uncomfortable.
Insanity is to do the same thing and expect different results
is it me:(
"I'ma do it do it, like I wanna do it. You don't know me like you ain't never known me before" Oh yeah! :)
Ladies :: Consider this:: If who ur feelin doesnt make u feel special & beautiful, .. it aint worth it.
I need some more friends
He looks better with a tootoo on
Busy night...great chat w/ my fashion hero who I loved interning for back in the day & Save the Music
Can't wait to see Leo In 3d
That true, Joe. Schenn is a total stud. My head is still spinning from all this!
Thanks, Lisa! I hope all is well!
Damn what was the murder weapon an follow me back
Intersection :-) Giants has the ball back :-0
We'll be closed #StPattysDay #Chicago but don't miss out on 3rd Annual 'Party on the Patio"
he definitely is, how do you stop him? He already has good chemistry with Steve Smith, Scary how good he will be
RIP Daniel Brett <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Just spent an hour doing Mr. P's packet
ha! I just #cant deal with you.
I will definitely check it out
Sammie has something for you guys later today, be looking for it
ok… time to play viedographer
go follow em! got some funny tweets and some good sounds.
Check the votes fo #Atticus vs. Saphira (ends at 5 pm). We need to pool our votes NOW. A blue dragon is kicking our arses. Vote at
He played a character named Floop. Spy Kids came out in 2001. When I see him on Masterpiece I think Floop.
You are the only you you can be. Without you, there is no you.
i honestly cant wait till the weekend!
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A5>
Hey everyone, hope all is going well! I've got a joke for the day! Look below for the joke! Have a great day!!! :)
Wtf how the hell did the seahawks. Beat the ravens?
Excited to be at the United Way Pacesetter Lunch! Theme: The POWER of one gift!!
One has to have a soul that is cheerful by nature, or a soul made cheerful by work, love, art, & knowledge. -Nietzsche
Alexandra Lippman: Brazil govn't site staffer removed Creative Commons license logo b/c "advertisement", but YouTube, Twitter logos stayed
You're welcome, looking forward to your tweets.
#SUPPORT THE HARD WORKERS AND INDIVIDUALS WHO GET THE JOBS DONE!! #MUA #STYLISTS #PHOTOGRAPHERS #MODELS ETC.
RT : Thanks guys for an awesome lunch! Don't forget to vote for us as America's Fav Food Truck! 10 days left!
DANCE FOREVER IS MY FAVORITE OKAY? It has been decided because I love everything about that song. The bass, vocals, drum, guitar, AND video!
The Killers - The Rising Tide.
You can say that again!
sleep, i guess.
Thanks for the follow - I was born at LGH!
Does that mean we should start using our names?
gas stoves are the best
UK vs KU baby (dicky v voice)
Brit but can't stand beer; know my way around a wine glass only too well.
I miss my daughter so much.
Speculations >>RT : Rose with a torn ACL &amp; MCL? Has this been reported? Didn't see anything from or :/
but it interferes with my sleeping, and my bras
Hope everyone is having a GREAT Friday afternoon. Hello to al Print1Media's wonderful new followers!!!
When Sanchez comes off the DL for the giants, they should trade him. The market for good starters is terrible right now. Yanks? BoSox?
Realize that it's just one meal but a brand new day tomorrow!
Getting my hair done friday prolly!
#DemonicDerek 9 Years This one will be the most brutal and bloody year yet!!
Romney is a poster boy for sociopath/psychopath
I want to get a pair of polka dot rain boots
GIANTS get er done!!!
Ok, so JPMorgan lost 2 BILLION. Anyone realize that is about half of what one quarter net profits usually are? Not likely to go under.
Starting nine hours of classes tomorrow.
RT : Let's see the love KooKoo RT : this is good.. · lol will do..
lol it was a special bike to
The song my ex dedicated to me just came on tv ... Shoot me with all this bullshit -_- lmao
don't panic
it won't let me! Doesn't recognize Belgrade as a place.
PolitibooxUS Thank you for following! I look forward to future tweets!
look for the flyer its out there the bigeest christian party
I keep looking at my bank acct like money will miraculously appear. Like I just keep staring at it.
What does it say about my life that I know the codes for 3 Starbucks by heart?
Thanks. All credit to Caleb. I'm really just a robot :)
": Laughter is a proven way to lose weight." Then I should be a fucking skinny ass bitch.
#wow my nights just ending
is it a house or an apartment?
A reminder to all campaigns: When you suggest "Qs to ask the other campaign," those become the least likely Qs anyone will ever ask.
Pretty excited for the civic symbol suite release sometime this week?! cc
Gym was hilarious with and lol
Be happy!(:
Free < Easy at libraries. So true.
All right sac town get ready I'm gonna cinco ur de mayo.
Good to see Durant & OKC showing. Would bet a significant # of "fans" at Staples Center didn't know OKC had a team until now.
Why tha fuck would I buy u a teddy bear bitch u already Bi polar
I would love someone forever if they brought me Starbucks to school tomorrow morning! :) <U+2615>
Got so many books to read that I can't get caught up! This is what happens when I'm busy & sick & stop reading for a while!
U need to re-evaluate your life if your a single guy's side chick.
Thanks! We're excited to help #startups like yours! Let us know what you need and we're there!
thanks for the follow! Keep up the great work with your terrific historic hotel. Terrific Colorado history.
He asked me to be he's Valentines..
Hi Susan - I love your Twitter background. Very eye-catching. Did you design it yourself?
Praying Colin Firth wins best actor!
It's storming <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
If you want anything badly enough, you can find the willpower to achieve it.
Also no offense at all RT : No vertical game for Iowa right now.
#TheAvengers is pure joy. Now I'm going to eat some shawarma.
What a game last night!
please explain
Eddie Royal agreed to terms with the San Diego Chargers.
Why do burger places have to be so stingy with the BACON! Only 2 strips .. WTF! ! I WANT 10 strips mine ! SHIT! !
Finally done with Waverly.
So bizarre! :( Hope you find resolution.
i dont think she would have enjoyed my methods and you wouldn't either. Itd be a bloody mess!
Im @ jasons page now. Not showin anyone there...
I think it's funny when patrons tell the librarians to shush. :)
I don't know what has been worse: Garcia's pitching or the eyebrows of the woman attorney on the Cohen, Snyder commercial.
And I could get my students to make them. Assembly line!
M. : Hungry Century City? Here we come! 12-2pm 10345 W.Olympic Blvd!
“Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.”
Haha he is(: Some fems. are nice but he's like over board :D
haha, that f*#ing movie Hamlet 2...stupid but funny but with the added bonus of having been shot in
Does this lady not understand that i dont care that she hasnt had a man in 3 years.
I am a huge fan of the Great materials, especially for those who are new to the process.
I be playing your shit down here Texas bro
I think I see a real life pimp sitting right next to me at this bar lol
"I want to win the handbag #giveaway from ! Follow & RT to win!”
Getting a windows phone tour at the #ces keynote with microsoft
MWW Designs is on Facebook/Twitter/InstaGram/Pinterest/Google+ >>
"XML is a must. Semantic info is very important. After investing $30M CDN, all info is searchable." But 4 whom? Insiders? Public?
So you're saying I'm not going as far north as I need to...
Good morning friends, take a visit to Farm today & pick up any two top shelf grams for $30..our strain of the day is Super Silver Berry!
Do people from Philly really have an accent? People tell me I have one and I never know what they're talking about.
Afternoon nap, you are my best friend.
Congratulations to who WON the CTK HERO Award! It's Official! Thank you from City Hearts to everyone who voted!
Who's got a gig this weekend?
I wish was creepin haha. My science teacher was sing Eenie Meenie today in 6th per. Lol i love u!
my biggest concern is the line-up - I wish they would announce!
cuz we're awesome duh
abdc or abc? lol. RT : Harry potter on abdc family.. Oh yeah
thanks for all your help and enthusiasm
Pardon the Interruption is the best show ESPN has.
my friends didn't want ice cream. I need new friends...
"The greatest love of all is happening to me." - Whitney Houston Thank you Whitney. Good luck on the next journey...
Big Show Tonight- on #Seahawks and Division. recaps CCL win, on Seattle Hoops 930pm
Where did you hear this?!
”If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.” ~Mark Twain
Officially re-CPR certified! Card came today! :)
yeap , and xD , she sings very well
is looking at Twitter for the first time in 27 days... I'm gonna start following this on my phone, & see if I do better...
its super fun once you get used it!
Dont open any DM from me or anyone saying "someone is posting bad stuff about you" spam
that's so not funny.
SM Town LA? Too far away ;~;
yeah I was so shitty!!! She slammed into me hard lol
playing at the pool
Habitat 4 Humanity Meeting at 5pm in the Admin Room 304!!! Come now!!!!!!
Hi Melanie! Great meeting you on the One Love Cruise! Thank you for the interview! I am posting our pic together. Blessings..
... very important message in a noise filled world, where we never stop to think silently and deeply.
We do too! Those have been really great and fun to watch!
We are a little behind on our schedule but should cover all scheduled appointments. We however are not scheduling anymore repairs today.
Prayers to the Seau family..
man..... long day at the "office"..ready for some chillin' with the ole' IPA's..ya
fingers crossed “: hope Peter gets himself together. We will be praying for him here in Lynchburg.”
tell to check the streets of NYC. Lots of critter hats. #yeatwitter!
It's so early! I don't know even know why or how I'm awake lol
#LifeWasEasyBefore when I was in kindergarten, then crap all rolled downhill after that...Bring naps back!
u too - go somewhere cool!
The fact they think they are the shit MAKES them the shit!
...that activity acts as a jumping off point to discuss cultural implications of variations in vocabulary between L1 and L2. Just to start.
This company seems to be powered almost entirely on peanut M&Ms.
so was i ripped out turf buddy and planted it my yard
Custom orders. TEAL.
Your body will not run on 600 cals just because you want it to. Don't starve yourself. Fuel your body with healthy foods, you deserve it.
11:11 Is The Best Song In The Universe <U+2665>
Thanks and for the retweet, here's hoping the spammers get the boot!
I'm leaving for an organized ghost hunt at an old mine and cemetery outside Vegas in Eldorado Canyon! S/b interesting....
Sitting in the exact same spot at #BU medical campus HR orientation as I did 3.5 years ago.
Me and are going to have some rockin socks!
You want to come drink in Canton? We're drinkin' on a rooftop deck
Baby will you Call me... The moment you get there...
Please go to my description to like my pic<3 I will follow you back!
Left hand, meet right. Right hand, meet left.
And so do the Clippers...mas putos
After years of feeding my addiction, the abruptly withdrew. Broke down and now am getting an actual paper Sunday times.
Thank you to our friends at Printing Solutions AZ for the shout out! Thank you for your continued support and your great work
Trying, but I can't think of anything decent enough not to change...
follow back!!!
": An #Aquarius female will never sit 2nd place to a man."
Thank you Alia for your warm referral to Anthony! We really appreciate your recommendation!
345: As long as I've been a member, my gym has been talking about new equipment. I'm thankful that today there were finally new bikes!
The Great Curve , All that you dream
I understand that we're at church, but if you suck...then you suck.#simpleandplain stop singing
yes!!! Now it's just a list of vendors and the discounts for Saturday! Sorry... Long story.
-- itch itch itch
no guy likes lifetime , I understand :b haha
Street Life Intelegence Moneys Everything #slime flu
My room got so freezing last night, I should not have left my window open. But thank the Lord it's Friday. I can finally sleep a lot!
Iam Followin Hopefully She Follows Back .
praise the lord your dad is having a heap of fun right now! He's a lucky fella!
My day was full of cute shops and laser tag. Now it's time to relax.
team for this morning's workout...great effort!
I really don't wanna be late to church again.
We've got a pitcher's duel going at #Wrigley! Make sure you stop in during and after the game for a frosty #pint. #Besttapsintown baby!
follow me please i wiil be very happy if you follow me :D x
same baby
No Doubt <3
If #kanye in the AM doesn't make you smile. Idk what will
Heading out to hang with , !
It took a lot of people to help us make this film and for the next few days we're going to be blasting out some thank yous.
CSI's faculty is focused on student success & they've helped 1,000's of students from #Chicago & the Chicago Land Area enhance their skills
LOL!!! You are so kind and considerate....#cheesecakeangel :)
lol me to
I would rather get swept by the Royals for ten straight years than lose Mo42 for the season/career.
me either !
thanks for letting me know about this! STOP KONY!
Looks like the Raiders will hold on and beat the Vikings 27-21, despite a piss poor second half performance.
its an iPhone app called Emoji, it creates an emoticon keyboard for your phone and its fun. Get the free one!
oh, hello, mr. Scott
Water, air, and cleanliness are the chief articles in my pharmacopoeia
Got class tonight ready to get it started. Made it through the first week
#RVA Career Adventurers ~ Are you following ? A Change Agent bringing you local info on Jobs, Co info & More! Get on board!
I love the new song Rihanna where have you been
and I are hanging in San Diego being thugs. We are so Hxc. (That means hardcore)
follow me babe x
That awkward moments when you and a little kid have the same thing on as you.
will do and thanks
Nah let me find out somebody mad cuz Boosie not guilty! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Eh. Not so hot...got maybe an hour of sleep and just worried about them. :( Thanks for asking, though.
I would love to see a team with no money behind them get somewhere for once.
OH: I spent my time dry humping a rails 2.1.9 rails app for the last 6 months.
I love how is still doing the things that he would normally do back in Australia. Staying in touch from where he came from <3
Christmas equals calories...time to go burn them off..
Off to bed, maybe tonight ill dream about watching my self tell the #news again.
"The newspaper called the Milano Inn a culinary landmark"" - come see why Italian food lovers dine with us. #Indy"
Hulk for the win!
I'll never understand why people get upset over petty things... Life's too short to care. #DoWhatMakesYouHappy #LifeGoesOn #Don'tBeAHater
yep. Buckle. Up.
Is your 10 mile race this weekend?
I will be this decade's Sybil--multiple Twitter personality disorder
Good Morning! It's a beautiful crisp day! Hope your week is starting off to be a good one! I know you are very productive right now! :)
Yeah Fuckers in trouble now! Has to crush em blowin the lead ! Rangers Suck
I assure you I will get back to you soon! :)
he does appear in great shape
wait, nobody told me about a party!!
"LIKE" me at www.facebook.com/karlachisholmfanpage As soon as I get to 1,000 "LIKES" I'm giving away a FREE iPod NANO!!
she effing met him again!!!!
RT I don't think Lebron is ringless, because wearing the One Ring would explain why he keeps disappearing at key moment.
should so NOT be awake right now! It's after 3am. Crap. But, happy 4th of July!!! :)
Hey Terrie, Thanks for checking us out, we are following back. Have a great one!
im gonna walk, and I'm gonna walk fast, and I'm gonna be turnin' to the left sometimes
Native Foods 1 of my favorite LA vegan restaurants is opening in Chicago next week in Wicker Park, Milwaukee1484 N. Ave (@ Honore). Yum
Q6: It's demoralizing to get passed, but I'm already going as fast as I can. Incentive to train harder.
Hearty congrats from your friends at &
Joyce Appleby honored at reception and buffet at Sheraton Society Hill Hotel.
Thanks for letting me know! I will probably buy a book and wait to get it signed in person at some point. Thanks!!!
yay... Glad to hear. You are absolutely adorable to watch. Love you <3
Me and James are really bored.... Told him to smoke but he won't do it alone. I won't smoke cause I'm trying to attempt to get clean...
"We've never seen someone wear out the parts of a new bike this fast. We think we fixed everything." Enroute back to Pontiac.
i have the darkest secrets.. i have HUGE trust issues...
No i am not dating anyone at the moment
If I don't talk to someone soon I'm gonna scream.
Walked to the station today (30 minutes, about 1-1/2 miles). Satisfied, but not happy.
I hate it when your heart overpowers your head.
He later qualified that heavily, but at the time I suspect it was spot-on.
They already have Brady Quinn!! Lol
#lib10steps good for recording test is camtasia
great night w/ #BennyGolson and the fine Pittsburgh Jazz Orchestra / Sean Jones / Micheal Tomaro Thank you!
Sunday special at Zaxby's of Jeffersonville... Bring in your worship bulletin and get 10% off your order.
yea since last summer
THANK YOU “: can't wait to see all of his looks this weekend! Very talented designer!”
No you won't (:
Today I signed up for the NFL concussion lawsuit. Trying to remember how many times I was "dizzy" after hitting someone was not easy.
RT I wonder why Katheryn Stockett's novel The Help was rejected 59 times. Apparently, the 60th was a charm.
I need to watch Poetic Justice
RT BiancaMPrieto: A survey crew found the remains Monday afternoon. Police say its a male and no foul play. Bones being collected.
me too!
oh my be careful with that. post a pic if you can. I don't have any of me on a leash but I think we might get some today!
. Does it break your heart that CLR James wrote on cricket?
I've asked about you and they've told me things, but my mind didn't change I still feel the same.
God gave me you for the days of doubt.<3
RT : I swear I'm in my car more than I am my house
I don't care what you say, I'm GOING to cry.
#Glee rocks.
Make them like you instead.
nothin just workin on some wedding invitations for a client... How bout you?
What about how D.C. has historically been considered the City of Trees?
What a great info session last night! Looking forward to getting to know our new volunteers next week when September training begins!
In performance of piece by PDQ Bach, P Schickele whom I hired to conduct approached a player (me), and started loud conversation FUNNY
we are open.
here we stand, at this fork in our lives / torn between those we love and the life we praise
So our practice space got flooded last night! I smell new gear ;)... and mildew.
TED talks are better than cupcakes
RT : Just had a great meeting with - looking forward to working together soon! <- need to make a plan, stan!
If you Negroes stay home In November because O supports marriage equality you will deserve Mitt Romney.
To tired to function
That guy was nuts!!
my fake acct doesn't even have my real name
And overtime...again.
you are so wonderful to supply most awesome Tshirt 4 SWAG bag from
Can you help us spread the word?
On it! RT : Less height = less wind resistance. Embrace the advantage, and torch the field!
Its a dude dressed like captain america at the theater... we took the bong in the car
Lets do lunch, Fatty. Bacon & mayo sandwiches on me.
Kinda sad how I'm totally unmotivated to keep up with 30 Rock. That show was IT for a while.
I just pretend to agree with you so you can shut up quicker so I won't have to argue.
have you seen buro in midtown? It's like $215. Alternatively, maybe can hook you up with a desk @ straat?
Watching this crazy funny stupid movie "Super" smh lmfao
Preach!! : "How sacred marriage is, yet they have been divorced 5 times. Um..... Hello?”
We are looking forward to connecting and reading your tweets!
An exhibition of faculty work opens Oct. 14 at the H&R Block Artspace at KCAI.
Are you an Attorney trying to find an expert for your case? Consolidated Consultants is here to help!! www.freereferral.com
We post it last night
Krispy Kreme FAIL! My Boston Cream donut was empty!!! SO disappointing. I'm glad I didn't get a whole box of them.
<< FOLLOW MY NEW FRIEND!! AND ENJOY HER AWESOME TWEETS =)
she is awesome like u
You're welcome! Keep up the awesome.
"Find the wonderful in your life today!" ~Joan Endicott
Afc North domination. 3 of 4 afc teams in power rankings top ten are in the afc north
RT“: Tomorrow we are going to have an epic podcast! We welcome !!”
US officials say robust efforts...and better account for every dollar spent, have put pieces in place to protect the agency from more cuts.
I'll keep u posted on the parking lot. N Rex said there would be a first time for everything. Cuz it ain't happened yet
I'm thankful that I'm healthy n I'm working on being wealthy so get out the way or jump on the band wagon FENKELL AVE ALL DAY NO FAIR IN ME
I hate materialistic people
bro buy it online and you can download it now
r u at the concert?
~Charles Caleb ColtonSome pursue happiness, others create it .
See you Stars and Studs later!!
SportCenter Question of The Night: Doris Burke, "how many 7-footers in the country are seven feet?" She stumped me!
Hangin with my Cuzin this weekend!!!! please follow me!!!!!!!!!!111
In a global economy why are GOP candidates overly concerned with State's Rights? 50 different health care systems is not efficient.
I know, I just felt like telling you to shut up :)
follow back :) <3 Thanks
I don't know what you are talking about, you must have been shopping for your five year old ( )
That awkward moment when you can't get the power aid out of the package....
why are you talking to me..
Hotel Okura Co., Ltd. Enhances Global Reservations Network
Tele/Ear Prompter WRKSHP-2 SPOTS LEFT! Sat, 10-4 pm Learn how to use this to win auditions! Auditioning - Tweens & Teens - SOLD OUT
I watch Ryan Hollins or Ramon Sessions to their respective things (missed dunks, layups) or Andre Miller's old moves.
Last week it was Doodles. This week Josie's. Vying for best breakfast spots in Lex!
MORE violent?!?!? Uh oh
RT : Treat everybody equal you Neva knw when the tables may turn
Had puppy preschool at the today! It was SO fun!! I played with a new friend named Jackson. He was super fun! Thanks !
Air Jordan 1 High Strap Premier will be here @ City Gear Sat. April 5th!!!!!! Call and reserve ur pair today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love you!
Really tired
hah you might be right.
#quotes If you come to a fork in the road, take it. Yogi Berra Got to love Yogi!, Go Yankees!
RT : Looking forward to catching , featuring UK aviation justice activists, at
929 N. Wolfe will bring 24/7 activity to #EBDI #JHU #BioPark on north side of Madison. Can't wait for June 2012 opening.
The autopsy is today but we DO know his neck broke
LISTENING TO 107.7 THE BONE. THEY ARE PLAYING PRETTY GOOD MUSIC.
Creativity has saved me on countless occasions.
RT : Thanks to for this awesome quote! “I'm just trying to change the world, one sequin at a time.” <U+2015> Lady Gaga
Hooray! RT : In deep newfound love with the Third Ward.
Awesome show tonight!! Thanks to everyone that came out great energy!!
Very sleepy
Thanks Jeff! You have a fantastic day today!
Ooh nice. Can't wait to check out Tweetie for Mac.
Wish my home office looked like the one shown in #telecommuting talk
Lamborghini Urus: photos and details leaked
I would suggest doing both;-)
It's a beautiful day!!!
RT : The Silence are hanging out in my house today. I've entered 3 rooms and completely forgot what I was doing in each one.
Presidential Candidate from San Diego to be interviewed on NBC Sun morning at 9AM
Field of dreams always makes me cry just a bit...
Had fun playing checkers, flying helicopters, and riding ATV's with the family yesterday. More hiking today! :D
imma ask them to follow you :3
baby!!! So excited to see u! I totes stalked your site tonight
25 Ways to Determine If You Are Addicted to Wrestling
Will do more Twitter catch up tomorrow, I am beat! It has been an excruciatingly long week. So ready for the weekend! :)
Same here! I wish I was born in the 70's #that70'sshow
With paranoia on my heels; Will you love me still, when we awake and you find that the sanity has gone from my eyes?
Pretty good just staying busy with life. Thanks for the follow too. It's always nice when strangers follow you, right? Lol
went to both classes today...BAM
Just got some sick earphones ;D
At some outdoor art show in Calabassas.
Learned during #wbnamerica: let them see what you're offering. know your book. saying "it's one of the best books i've ever read" helps.
Please Palin please. Keep on talking thru November 6, 2012
RT : "How critical is a community mngr in biz today?" This wk's #UnGeeked debate May 4th 8PM ET w/guest:
Ready for the Next Show! www.whoistrillogy.com
Proclamation from the Mayor of Mt. Vernon Marcia Griffiths
I would guess the link reading hahaha I didnt read any of them thoroughly.
oh no by Friday we'll be recovered!
damnn where have i been all week long.....
ya...Hahaha I'm extremely jealous.
I had a great run on UB tonight won 3 sit-n-go's in a row, half-way to Aruba, I already feel the white sand between my toes.
damn we got read to:/ oh right
No need to keep that crush a secret! :)
Thanks to all the writers who contributed to our #Bruins coverage this year. Nothing but great work throughout the season!
BYOD: "We've been in that game for years" Stephen Lester #CIO Harvard Business School
Should follow me! (:
well go read it!! Lol
hahahaahahaha no no i lost it way back when..before they graced us with their presence
Two cups of coffee on my desk, one from today, one from who knows when... Pretty sure I sipped from the wrong one.
how'd it go today? hope you had a great run!
I can't believe you're moving
it would mean the world to me if you wished me a happy birthday today(: please?
Oxtail is so delicious, especially in the context of hot and sour noodle soup.
Happy Ujima! (Collective work & responsibility)
follow for more info about Bradley Manning.
depends on where you are. I've done it.
UDSOT has approved Virgin America to fly one nonstop daily between SFO and DCA (Ronald Reagan airport in Washington, DC).
The egg doesn't fall far from the ovary.
Thanks for the shout out! Hope you enjoyed the slides.
can you repeat where to register
Just got out of my final and the OS killing the yanks
Fascist early risers. Why you gotta be foisting your dawn agendas on us poor, downtrodden night owls?
I wish I could go back an be a kid again NO WORRIES AT ALL
that's why I live John Sterling
haha i "like" this
Dear ... when are you going to get rid of these horrible #MNF announcers?? I would appreciate it, as I am watching the game on mute..
Two things added to my favs list recently, goats milk soap and organic coffee:) Wow! Heaven...
*LAUGHS* OMG. You just CONFUSED ME.
I strongly believe that the least you would have gotten would've been a B, but you would not have failed. Not with my help ;D
I feel better now that I did some #Yoga I am pretty sure i am addicted now lol
Why did I not try to become a NASCAR reporter??
If Benedict Cumberbatch doesn't win the best actor BAFTA this time, there's got to be something wrong with humanity.
#YouKnowYouInDetroitWhen you hear muscle cars roar more than you hear traffic on a busy highway.
it happend so quick I couldnt even get it
duh .. do u use skype sometimes ?
I'm trying to follow tweeps back as they follow me but I continue to get the "You're over your max" message. Very frustrating...
i gave up on trying to get u to follow me :( think i should start again?
Your not gonna support Obama now just because he supports gay marriage?
Alumni CAN attend the .GOV Federal Career Fair on Wednesday Nov. 9th in the William Pitt Union from 9am-3pm.
Hearing about the Aurora Lights program from a high school senior. Program exposes kids to health care fields.
Out and about in NYC.it' s getting cold again
This sucks -__-
like like like
Just finished reading #killinglincoln by -great read for anyone who loves history, America, or hearing of traitors get theirs
Throw in black eyed peas. collard greens, and grits and you are there.
PCL tonight....get there early for 2 for 1 drinks until 10 Hit me up for guest list or tables 480.612.3337
Getting up for work on my bday really sucks but I can't wait for tonight !:)
We!! I cant wait either!!!
Thanks for letting me know! Weird. Emailed my stellar, internets-savvy web designer to see what might be up...
lol that name is classic...
i am able to see this on my iPod! Can u say hi to Pammy in Chicago?
Nice to see a Baltimore talent on here!
and I love it, too.
I'll be sure to check them out iA. Keep in touch. I may have an opportunity for you.
What does a pirate do on her day off? Laundry, watch music videos, drink, and refuse to get dressed.
Joc got a smart ass mouth.
I like to smoke n do somthin...not jus smoke n sit around askin "what we doin?"
Today I was elected Chairman of the I am happy to be supported unanimously as chair. I hope recognizes us.
Still time for that last minute valentines gift certificate. Wouldn't your sweetie love one of our custom straps?
heading back to DC from michigan. Its been raining and foggy the whole way
I wanna fucking sing, buT I SING so so so BAD !
Just read your post on Seven Sentences...nice to meet you!
I know your lumps your lumps your lady lumps u told me about xD
thanks for making my night better!!!
Storylines in Mad Men presently set during Hansberry's life. Interesting to discuss what historical, social & cultural events & mores put in
its really clever!;)
Omg how awesome! I I had brown eyes , we'd almost look identical :)
In the realm of "hey look at me!" cultures, motorcyclists are the least subtle.
Everytime I get to the top of my timeline 100000 more tweets cone through
Congrats on getting that degree! Proud of how you represent us!
How does one footnote silence? I've read hundreds, if not thousands, of letters and nary a one mentions Garvey, but people don't believe me.
oh my goodness the castronovos in your icon!!! SO ADORABLE <3
Instant karmas gonna get you
Ain't that the truth! RT : Cheapest way is always walking lol
I'm looking forward to attending the grand opening today of the new Mexican consulate office in Sacramento.
lol...yea I heard its a nice lil piece of change for that school...
RT : I accept I have all I need to respond beautifully to life in this moment.
Oh shit my mom has this spanish music on blast today!
Nice guy, and a class act. RT : If there's a more likable human being on Earth than Tim Dillard, I'd love to meet him.
Thank you and Cheers! Hope you're having a good day!
I love you, Ur amazing. Keep doing what your doing :)
- dude how's it going?
Same here!!
Wtf is wrong with you?
he's gonna keep finding' out those facts. lol smh,
Lakers bout to fuck around n lose
Fabulous nutrition information! www.andreabeaman.com
well hola thirsty! How is your day going??
i'm looking for a vintage tuxedo (50s to mid-60s); any thoughts as to good mens' vintage shops in DMV?
Think happy thoughts.
Did Carl get a spray tan before the debate?
I'm not sure...I just noticed one eye is closed lol
My alarm tune for this morning was - 'wake up wake up its the 1st of the month'
I love my son
Club Tryst!!
Since when can a lair NOT be a victim of a crime? A crime is a crime, let the jury decide! I know the NYC DA's Office are all saints right?
at least I did't forget our friendiversary ;(
You may say I'm a dreamer....but actually I just took too much NyQuil and I'm experiencing lucid hallucinations & night terrors.
Things I learned at work today: just because someone claims to have 15 paintings with a total of $300k doesn't mean they really are
Countdown to Stocking the Pequod Closing Reception...12 days! Hope everyone is practicing their shanties!
#DNation Milwaukee will be at the the ENTIRE weekend of Jan. 21st! Come say hi! #runnerds united against #cancer!
Of course I do ! “: I think loves me”
Leaving Flagstaff - productive day yesterday in Museum of Northern Arizona Owl Rock Member microvertebrate collections.
I miss you too caaaaaatteeee.
Floyd is starting to take over.
I heard they're offering fewer free guest passes this year.
“slide to power off” - use whenever you want your iPhone completely silent. Problem solved!
Yep! I'm definitely going to try to make it out to the screening tomorrow!
Thanks for the follow! :)
One place at one time
Thank you Randy, Jay & Cindy of for dinner this week in Sarasota with !
Harvard FTW!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
Morning everyone :D
Can't get out to fan fest tonight because of baseball But I hope there's a good turnout.
you are too kind, sir. Look forward to celebrating with you tomorrow
Drink whiskey out the bottle & forget about tomorrow.
Thank you to Vins de Provence and for a great event this afternoon.
Maybe you should get paid for it [face_thinking]
I'll always be better then you
A good book is the best of friends. - English Proverb
Anybody traveling to NYC for #occupy ?? I want to talk to you!
Today was the worst and best day.<3
holy rain
Gripes, the Palin 2012 campaign has begun in earnest
movie cool but Youtube Gutta J Nino Brown
Amen! RT : Gospel truth! RT : A3 Our lives matter if other people matter to us.
Can't stop kickin myself #remembering ugh
Squeezing in a little more millefiori work before the kid's schedule takes over my schedule for the day!
My #fridayreads: Chad Harbach's 'The Art of Fielding' and Geoff Dyer's 'Otherwise Known as the Human Condition.'
On omegle :D
#ThingsICantStand when My mother won't stop screaming xD
12 hours today. 16 hours tomorrow.
Really like your Kickstarter designs... a very fresh look.
6 months before launch, Team says, "Oh shit!" and starts crunching. Suits say, "Crunch more plz. We are not moving the launch date."
“: I wanna grab ur ass right now ”
Seems like the disciplines already lend themselves to the "new" & "fancy" Common Core lingo/requirements.
Who's excited to see , , and tonight?!
what do u mean?
Rolled That Loud Now Im Faded
Dreaming Of The Past Now available for free download, check it out!
I found your profile through a friend lol. I've just started my account too. I think it's from the popular adds, like magazines.
Is it.......THE NOTEBOOK?
Mire than welcome Lady Kaye... Enjoy The Remainder of the day
Hearing about the automation of monitoring cultural heritage objects and sites using "computational conservation"
Hahahah Jake: that kids so short Me: i remember when you were that short(: Jake: now im almost taller then you Me: true that(:
Beyonce pregnant #nothingwrongwith that! so awesome :) congrats & jay-z!
T-2 days until the Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival. We've still got a few tickets to give away!! Stay tuned #Milwaukee! - excited?!
#YouCuteAndAllBut your attitude sucks!!!
Dear Ricardo ! I want to do an e-commerce site with only your Three.js effects?Can you help? Know someone? My product is deserving !
... Can you all follow ! PLEASE <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Sweeney Todd. Forever
Ahh coffee and twitter in the morning what more can a girl ask for
great to see someone else tweeting about Worden and
QUADROPHENIA!! I'm punching rockers in the face with joy!
: meant love you too.. Lol
want me to call and wake u up n the morning?
Watching old concert videos from back in the day with !
miss me?
Yes or No, have you ever visited our website?
Good ass block
Dear Face Wash Commercials, Nobody actually splashes their face with water like that. Sincerely, my bathroom is sopping wet now.
ok i gotchu! U gonna come Get it??!
Small Business Saturday! What are you doing to support your favorite small business?
you know you can change right.....
Finally getting good cell phone service again
Agreed! And sorry we didn't catch up at #mw2012. btw. the busy sessions & piano/karaoke bars it was difficult :) Next time!
I just died laughing at that
We are saddened to learn about the death of Navajo code talker Samuel Tso. Our condolences to his family.
Good Night Brett Favre... you and your crotch can go home. How 'bout dem Jets!
Hasn't responded??? What number did you call? Did you leave a message? Thanks.
Its a matter of time before we all run out, but when i thought he was mine she caught him by the mouth!
No, sherry potter
Resting all day
Board Orientation Workshop Saturday, September 17 Time: 8:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.
"The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives. - Anthony Robbins
I just saw your post...can't wait to see you next time!
. you rocked this weekend at
well, there goes my vote for wonderland on the pepsi thingamajig. i wonder what other cool projects they're looking at...
I'll let you know when I go this year so you can have a good laugh. I'm terrible & have zero patience.
if only.
headed back to up LA for a fun two shoot - can't wait! Being an actor is GREAT!
It loves you too...
Crowd at The Q very disinterested in George Clinton and anxious for this Kid Cudi guy. I'm getting (am) bored.
"Above all, don't fear difficult moments~The best comes from them." Rita Levi Montalcini, a Nobel Prize-winning scientist
Image is everything pal
sorry for your loss.
What do you think the client presentation beefs are?
MT : It's okay, guys. We just need to start spreading news abt the gang shout-outs in the new Chicago anthem.
Haha...I will.
I love losing followers! C'mon, keep unfollowing, this is exciting!!!
Can't sleep....gonna do what bored awake people do best. <U+E415>
August....yuck
Rohan Marley is engaged. Damn Lauryn, I wonder if you regret messing with his arse. Now can we get "The MisEducation of Lauryn Hill" PT II?
TY ! Didn't know if there were others I should learn about too :-) #constantcontact is def a great one!
i heard what you said about me, yeah and you blocking me and shit on facebook, its kinda addin up. WE need to fucking talk
Your Welcome! We would love to help out your residents with Prescription Assistance. Please visit www.rx2you.com for info!
and the opening lick is just filthy.
"everybody's talking at the same time"
on my way to the glbt-rt social and ftrf program
Big weekend full of recruiting visits, w/ signing day a few days away! Excited to have next years squad in ink. It's going to be special!
is that the second Ed. translation ("reproducibility") in the Benjamin & media Harvard pub? Me likey.
Dang nas its that bad?
The Sullivan Principles were corporate Constrctive Engagement.
Disney land will be open 24hrs today, reaching full capacity by noon. I'm sure it will NOT be the happiest place on earth!
Why you so nice
her line is always insane, probs will skip it this year!
I got your back so you ain't gotta front.
MAN I REALLY WANT A MOTORCYCLE!
Just pressed the button that finalizes the editing process for "New Spirits. Thanks to all you who have supported us and continue to do so
can you DM or email yur new address? FYI, just wrapped up 2 class sessions on Rupert
I FoLLow MTV's Teen Mom's , , .... because I can relate! :/ It's nice to kno sum1else understands :/
Does anyone have a link to the Sneak Peeks 3 and 4 that weren't blocked by Viacom??
The nerve!
I wish most women felt that way.
Good Morning! and #Happy Monday
Officer "Do you know why I pulled you over?" My reply "Because I'm fat & you assume I have donuts?"
You talk about kids, but you won't drop it either?
Free complementary appetizers (chef's daily choice) during Happy Hour (5 to 8) !!!!!!!!
Just saw the space shuttle land here at JFK. I avoided a pat-down thanks to the distracted TSA agents.
Oh gosh, you're right, that US cover is absolutely horrible.
They a lie
I'm done, fuck a hater bitch
listening to the dog fart....that`s right, I said the dog just farted and I heard it....hot dog!!!!!
where the F is my mom??
Too stressed to nap, too tired to work.
Looks a little more like Marilyn Monroe...
What a day! Lots and lots of scene work. Burbank I'm headed your way tomorrow.
For $5 you get to see Casablanca big in the ballroom plus coffee, tea, and fancy fancy desserts. It's gonna be super-classy.
Finally getting to play baseball. Oh wait its probably going to rain...
The rain finally stopped in Atlanta
Luminarium tickets are sold out for today. Last day tomorrow. Be there at 10am to make sure you can get in.
it's legit the worst day of my life.
#ff & just because they're cool peeps!
Saw the hashtag #313DLove and I have to say: Detroit has the best airport in the US. DTW rocks!
Always nice to get input from alumni. ;-)
RT. Both the Bulls & Hawks play at 7p. $9 Miller Lite Pitchers, $3 Domestic Bottles, $3 Jamo, Beam & Morgan & $4 Kettle & Jack
Joe I hope they back off. The News will not be the same if you change or leave.
thanks to your interview earlier this week, I will remember Dan Wheldon for the competitor he was but it makes this even harder. RIP
Two crack heads could stay together forever
Love the new in Green Lake-great space to work, drink an iced latte, and stare out at the Lake.
A classic pancake breakfast in a rec hall with carpeted walls! And this one served eggs.
We are visiting the troops at Fort Lewis!
Lmao. The people on xbox live always have me so weak.
So I am taking a shit at work and the guy in the stall next to me is struggling to pinch a loaf while he recites a hail mary
you the best!!
For a great coach on helping you find that special someone in your life #Follow-->> for great tips!
na i dont think so but Razzadah is my dude... He engineers all my mixtapes... Real talented cat fa real
was in Minneapolis last week, and we have still yet to see a picture ... How sad. Apparently he was everywhere too.
you should call them a BROT
me too at least u gt more than me
I love the profile pic..it is fabulous. Tell em cobb county transit is down the street...
it's been awesome! Just really busy... I'm loving it!!
wouldn't expect anything different.(;
Thanks, Where ever says, then you can take us home.
Thank you for following the USC JEP Young Scientist Program!
what? What? What? Crazy. Crazy stuff. Good smile for a Tuesday. Word. Thanks for the vibes.
The movie Selena is sad watching it in Spanish I wanna cry love her and her music
Everytime I tlk about moving she always try n.make me stay man I'm gettn really annoyed man oml
I hope you do! Maybe one day I will too, hopefully the next tour! When will you find out if you got one?
Once I'm part of ur life u can't forget about me...
You may have created my past, and messed up my present, but you have no control of my future."
okay ill answer!
#nexttofall I hope so! RT : Wisconsin
Vanilla bean w salty caramel swirl & fudge covered potato chip clusters. Sounds about right & so not apologizing for it! NOM
thanks for the shout out!
Need a volunteer to design a Web site for new non-profit organization. Please send email to if you can help.
I sent her a text and said what are you doing, she text back and said PICKING OUT SOME CLOSE TO BUY.. You know who you are ; )
Sorry people I am never coming back on here again sorry
Just a reminder, in case you forgot, the #Brewers are in the Eastern Time Zone tonight so 's game coverage starts now!
blizzard - its about time
Thanks for this!
My dad & sister have been playing the game "Risk" for about 2 hours. I would never be able to play a game that long.
How many ways can I compliment me?
It's amazing what the human body can do when you set your mind to doing something.
That's kinda old news.
Girl, what's new in your world? Life good in NE?
love facebook and twitter
im on
It's hot outside,we deliver.
What an awesome combo lol it was cool to see u the at 24k! RT : jamaican food & target practice!
we finally droppin next month.... release date will be soon
is awesome
The Brewers are three wins away from the world series... just thought about that....
I love your ideas :)
I just want to hug of all of them but I can't cause that's crazy I can't hug every cat.
much appreciation and support!
it's a German dessert wine :)
hey dude at gym who is always mouthing the words to what u r listening to in your headphones… u r so cool for knowing all those lyrics lol
Thought you were done with stats at 244? LIES! BA-339: HIDDEN STATS! Sneaky ! Time to get back to basics.
as much as I love John Stamos!
Why is chorizo sausage so amazing with eggs?
Coyotes need a quick score in the 2nd. Crowd is "electric" tonight.
lol I'm literally sitting in my car.
Just a reminder: starting tomorrow, we’re going to be at the Seattle Remodeling Expo all weekend. Come say hi!
sounds amazing! :)
He says thats amazing news!! :)
Of course :) Fave song?
Awesome RT "I am a lousy copywriter, but I am a good editor." A letter from legendary ad man David Ogilvy: t.co/1mVXpfBE
this is sweet! they need to make more videos like this.
I'd rather not sleep at all. Sleep is a short death.
RT : Still time to get sweets for sweetie: CHH or VA/Doernbecher skybridge, today till 3, sales benefit SoM Alliance programs
Wow. U really made my day by following me Ms. Garrett. I'm honored. I love u. Thanx 4 yrs of greatness. GOD bless.
YOU embarrass yourself. WHEN did POTUS say he was AGAINST it? And that is a flip flop how????
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to getting to know you.
Poised Creation is blessed to be backed by some of the best business professionals in the country!
Getting there means leaving things behind, sometimes life's so bittersweet.
When are we getting cheesesteaks
I also had this dilemma a few years back. Try jcpenny!
It is time for L&D to be business consultants. Let your expertise go! Its about asking questions.
our CEO, latest Mashable post features you and your help to on.mash.to/qHS7pm
Sometimes, you have to cross lines to see where the boundaries even stand.
yeah, that's fucked up.
Guess whos gonna be in Phoenix next weekend... BEHEMOTH!!!!! Im so excited I just tinkled
How to organize a closet - Mother Nature Network
I just said I can't wait for him to come lol ": I cant wait to see my man this weekend comin up =)"
#SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet.. Will that #SOMEDAY me now? <3 4
We totally agree! Yum, Gumbo....
's #RockCracklePop is the best thing you'll see today.
Thanks!! Glad ur grandson healed well!! I'm just glad we don't have 2 do surgery!!:-)
Does it come with free meat ponchos? Cuz if it does, I'll buy ten of them!
Cant wait! RT Looking forward 2 this! Iron & Wine 2 headline Old Settler's Festival austin360.com/blogs/content/… via
I've heard closing can be stressful like that!
I need love too... Stuck in bed, still sick
But the publications themselves don't claim the points are meaningless. (I just disagree w/ them.)
I'm seriously going to hit someone
Starting a movie countdown to Christmas. Any little-known gems I should check out?
Just a guess, but you'll be OK once the game gets started tonight.
Happy Black History month!
more like ... harry : "you know the song what makes you beautiful? i wrote it for you :)"
You're probably naked under all those clothes. You slut.
Paid the $216 for guaranteed entry into the 2012 #INGNYCMarathon. Excited about my 3rd time running but not happy about the price!!!
This change alongside changing emphasis from boutique projects to program-level work.
“: I wonder if Asian people put smiles like this ¦)” lol
#aspa2012 exhibits now open!
Sometimes I just need In Rainbows on headphones.
I'm down!
Great win and tough kid. Hope you're great Deion
Thank you!! And your welcome
oops! It's gone.
Really. ": really? Looks like it has potential“: 'Magic city' is awful. Don't waste an hour of your life.”"
woo hoo! Just passed at Copley - if it weren't for meetings we'd be knee deep in some delicious smoked beef!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 54
U go! :) Good plan to keep your mind off food. It's also ok to eat early if your body is on empty, esp when changing habits.
that's what you get for waken up in vegas !
I've seen 3 different people with their hairline as a tattoo today. Is this a thing now?
Puerto Rico can vote in partisan primaries, but not for U.S. president. In Nov. 2012, the PR population will vote on a statehood referendum.
Seen #comcast outage reports from Lincoln Square neighborhood in Chicago. Anyone in Rogers Park still out? Because we certainly are.
Venice beach ca is where I belong
We are headed to Richardson Farms to the Worlds Largest Corn maze we need people to join us. Sept 21. Please let us know you want in!
and the post curtain call epilogue.
Another week of shame begins in Cleveland. The Browns losing once again is a great way to start off the week
sounds good homie...keep pushing and grinding and stay true to your words. Motivate yourself to always do the unthinkable
why what happened
shes so nasty
Q: What's your Cinco de Mayo plans!? Come get a fun outfit at the mall before heading out!
Almost Close (:
NO WAY?!?!?! Thank you Jesus for taking the wheel!!! hahaha!
We're so proud!!! Thanks! RT : Almost 120,000 views! You guys must be so proud, I know I am!!! <3
It's been awhile so I forgot how to flirt.
Hey bitch? I found your nose. Guess where it was? In my business AGAIN!
and FYI: April fools day has passed.
what a way to start the day!
This just in: It is physically impossible to get a pair of wet Chucks on your feet.
smartass curiously wandering
The secret of success is constancy of purpose. -Benjamin Disraeli
Tx u so much! We love u too!. Much as we would like our supplier doesn't carry this line of cookies.We have put in request.
Hump Day Happy Hour is in effect . Stop in for 2-for-1’s on everything until 7:00, with shortly thereafter!
Hey there Manuel! Don't forget to visit our restaurant now that you're around!
S/o to new follower
Puggies are both getting their teeth cleaned this morning. Pugs + anesthesia = always tricky...
Coyotes in Seattle Hood! 3:00am multiple Coyote Yippings near our backyard! Scared
LOL...I know, I just like starting the fire...plus I was right about Peyton a week ago :) just calling the future!
Nearly published several tweets today that I paused and reconsidered.
Negative tweet about Nickelbacks halftime show.
Thanks for the follow. We love the new ACL set. You should also follow my other account - ATX video games!
I wonder if Revis will run away for Tebow in practice like he did this year in the Jets/Broncos game?
I said it before, and I'll say it again. Justice League > The Avengers
SDA episode 1 complete (ish.). Can't I just post this stuff online? #Wish Vimeopaidthebills.
uh huh thats right
Just watched your episode of LA Ink on Netflix. #CutenessOverload Hahaha. :)
I'm glad to hear that. :)
German Branch Library has Storytime every Wednesday in February at 10:30am. For kids 5 years and under. For more information call 271-5144
Basketball game was great.(: Go 8th grade boys.(:
IF THAT'S THE WAY YOU WANT IT BABY
What are you doing from 5-7pm? If you said "nothing" or "sitting in traffic," we have a better idea...Happy Hour!
coral suede Steve Madden wedges. happy early birthday to me :)
#LamboLove is me and the Gallardo STS. My high school colors and those taillights off the Aventador.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you look cheap and i should've avoided you but i'm too lazy
Might be given the OK to start walking again at my appointment tomorrow!
Follow Back?:)
"I feel so lucky to know so many unicorns"
the show is awesome today. perfect display of why conservatism works for everyone
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly - Plutarch Good advice in business or as US enters silly season
I was in the way of a really cute guy at first and he said "Excuse me, pardon me." SO POLITE!! WHAT A GENTLEMAN!!! :D
I'd be less introverted if the conversations in my head weren't better than the conversations I have with other people.
"All over this snackin' beat like Pringles."
The network is you-sing you.
thanks for the follow! Always great to connect with other news dads in tech startups!
5/9/1789->J. Bowdoin:No part of my duty will be more delicate&in many instances more unpleasing than that of appointing persons to offices
Jose doesn't wanna tell me a joke :'l ight.
voice is just as beautiful as she looks!
tell me you aren't a #Coyotes fan?
sitting over here with trying to get thia protools going. So yes im winning
"You're ugly" "Good, i was trying to look like you today" lol:-)
Nice. Yours is a much more legit following/follower ratio.
My night has been made <3 Fridays >
we're in this together man..
Crossing the Hudson but not in a boat. O look at the sails. NY mid AM
Praying for Shepherds all over America today throwing out the net. Thank you for your service in the Kingdom. Pray for your pastor.
Played "Headbanz" with the #kids & hub & laughed hysterically. Love this time of year to play #games with the fam! #Writing ensues next wk!
I don't believe one thing Rich R said about gas prices just now on
#20ThingsAboutMe 5. I'm a midget :/
Q1 We have 3 display cabinets & 2 book displays. A staff member collects materials for the cabinets, and a librarian for the books.
says the chick with the retarded dog.
That awkward moment when freshmen kiss goodnight and one goes to Governors and one to Centennial
alexis if u dnt go to the show imma personally come to yo house and beat u up in front of them white people...
If I see one more "my nigga I'm faded" status I'm punching your faces
AND, I was introduced to some mics that I had never used before that rendered my & #saxophone tones very well.
I agree with you As always a careful combination of many methods works best!
Kinda shocked. Just found out one of my friends from high school died. Ran into him a few months back, don't know much else yet.
i love southern accents <3
What you talkin bout champ?
does Foxboro count? If yes, +1
...considering booking now before it's too late - "...advance bookings for the upcoming winter peak season look strong for Cancun."
Every night is the fucking same
The Meeting of Preparation with Opportunity Generates the Offspring we Call Luck ~Tony Robbins
what's good fam, hope all is well, Create ur profile at mixtapeLA.com when u get a chance. Thx
Do you think there's case for linguistic self-defense (e.g., using offense speech)? Thinking about violence and language...
Emotionally you can't hear that someone doesn't love you BUT in your head you know it.
What everyone needs to know is, never, ever under any circumstances talk to the cops!
Hi Matt, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
#sixwords - Jesus gave his life for me
Good news night in lots of ways
Writing an essay, going to class and then beach! Time to get my tan on with this great weather ;)
Lady wolves!
A suicide occurs on average every 15 minutes in the U.S. Alcohol is a factor in about 30%. American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
Bronson: "A lady told me I'd assaulted a woman & a child." Thought she meant fight. "I'd never hit anyone in my life. It was surreal."
Thank you so much for the follow. We would love to hear your thoughts on our system when it launches this Fall!
looking forward to it my friend
Just drove by dark on DH side. : We're hoping that power will be restored to the 45 affected stores within 1-2 hours.
Been far away for far too log
I frequently will ask things like "what is my name?" on such quizzes.
hey! do u think i could mabey have a shou??? :)
ALEX ALEX ALEX ALEX ALEX!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GUESS WHAT!!!!!!!! I want you to follow me(: please?<3 #FollowMeAlexConstancio !!
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN PREGNANCY AND SUBSEQUENT SEXUAL FUNCTION
One of my 25 boxes has Book of Wine from our Sterling Epicure list for Fall 2012. Like to see one? Tweet me.
Lou, what happened to your site?
happy birthday !!!!
I hate driving with my dad. He comments on everything.
<--Icon: Action shot(:
aww thank you!!:-)
Looks like we may be locked in for a solid year of Chicago history/ghostlore books around here. But there's still that pesky "Satanic YA…"
“: #MentionTo someone through your rise and fall has been your only friend.”
Lmao those were definitely mine
Hey Shawn, check out who's going to be on set shortly..
Librarians need to get up w the OSS movement. Just replace free software with free information, but analogy is too simple.
Good to have on
home were ur boyfriend
Just finished my last day of my internship at E! News! So thankful for the wonderful people I worked with and for all the great experiences.
Today has been the most productive day of my 2012 life existence!! :D All credit is due to my God!!
HELL YEA MY GUY #PML #CHEAA RT : Big ups to live at zodiac showed plenty much love
is about to launch a killer mobile app on iphone android and blackberry. Great work on custom design
: can you leave BOALP at the store today? I'll stalk Jenny for 's WILD, & I have CAT'S TABLE in Florida.
that's what I thought...so dinner at my place tomorrow?
Follow back??(:
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet Edward Ratchet Hands
": Night in tonight. What should I watch?" Watch me watching you.
Where is that quote from Rob Cross that says people seek out other people for info/knowledge rather than a computer system/Google?
:( I hope it gets much better. I'll sip some moscato for you lol
omg this sounds SO unbelievably good. A burger spring roll!? Is this what they serve in heaven?
After all, it's heavily based on a vehicle that Inside Line has praised time and again
Be a Warrior on Tv your the Best Kurt!.Black and Gold:)
ha! Got Wilco cranking and finally moving! And we close early... Should be a good day
ChocoVine is so much more delicious than you could possibly imagine red wine and chocolate to be.
BIRTHDAY!!!! Happy Happy Birthday to you!!! I am so glad you were born! Have a great day!
Lmaoo! I ain't slow! I was just making sure
but it's old.. and cold.. and so very full of mold.
And good thing I keep giving you more!
Freedom from the past, or anything else for that matter always comes in the very instant you stop thinking about it.
Good luck to #SKC tonight if they can pull off the 'W'!! Big game!
Can't wait for the Jones vs. Evans fight..
but please don't do it there. Have fun and ignore the lame-os. Jealousy is a sickness tell those bitches get well soon! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I hate them people that flirt when they are in a relationship
Taylor Gang or don't have a computer, so u have to tweet via text like
BigH MANTRA: If you Don't Want to WIN, NO ONE Will Stop You!
And it seems to be good?!?!?
Uh-oh, the Mormons are stormin'!
That's all just the shit I tweeted after entering phase autotune slime artist formally known as the dogstains
looks like its bike-to-work day as I shared the elevator w/ a whole bunch of peeps dressed in cyclist gear.
Do you ever shut the fuck up?
I'd love to talk to you about some corporate head shots...you'll need some for that campaign!
M, so tempting. I'll see what I can do.
got to see what all the hype is about
Day 2 of #govwebcon kicking into gear -- let's go!
Remember everyone once we hit 300 followers will be giving away an Autograph.
i'm just gonna spend my day watching hey arnold and snuggling with my cat ok.
One lane??? Really 101?! I'm about to pull over and sleep next to some cones
is going to be on a dating show?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> how do I sign up?!
If your feeling a little down dress extra nice it helps cheer you up :)
great meeting you as well :-)
Piercing thru the stress of my day are sounds of my kids making funny noises mixed with my husband whistling Sesame Street for 10 mins now
Grrr well ill c u 2morrow so ill c the pic so u saw ne with a guy on friday
do I have any MSN/MKE tweeps who dig Neutral Milk Hotel/want to go to Jeff Mangum's show tonight @ the Pabst?we're going & have 2 spare tix.
DJ SDT will spin @ Cactus Club for our happy hour next Mon around 6! Our "local playlist" will provide the tunes before, that cool, ?
Freaking airheads everywhere I go
Yay! are you in Vegas?
There are some odds against people, but sometimes you have to do something different to get better.
. thanks for the support!
“: Shout out to for the retweet...... Whats up pimpin?
Welcome new followers!
Thought we had a doggie purse +1, turns out it was just a really hairy kid
No on (sigh) gonna have a hard time wanting to watch.... >_<
Perspectives on attribution, contributorship & new forms of schol comm prelim survey results Mike Taylor (Elsevier Labs)
Can't go wrong near Leidsegracht/Leidseplein, e.g., Marriott. Great Indonesian food on Kerkstraat. Walk to museums and Centraal.
RT Help. Heated argument... Greatest Boston athlete? Ted? Larry? Brady? Orr? . El Guapo
pretty much as advertised. One of the nicest pro athletes I've ever met. Check her out straight ballin' at the KEY.
May you always have a roof for the rain,tea beside the fire, laughter to cheer you, those you love near you and all your heart might desire.
having to dress up for marketing tomorrow is my worst nightmare
I am getting so excited about moving to New York!
I'm following you, too
I put a lot more pictures on Facebook if you want to friend me there...
can u please list me and follow me please I need more followers
Heauxs givin up the box and not even know niggas names tho. What in the Alicia Keyes is goin on?? Lol.
RT : Check out
Hat today good sir?
do u have ur Jesus&film notebook on u?
The sky is blue. Fish swim in the ocean.
Looking for recommendations on a good booster seat for the car.
I hate eating salads, honestly they are not really all that good
Drat! Out of time already! This is the fastest hour of the month, I swear.
I think more logically than emotionally ... People think I'm heartless
I want to see The Hunger Games again! will you take me? xx
sorry daddy
A Great Day! RT : Full day of information and exchange of ideas at #SIMSummit - now off to dinner at Kemoll's in St. Louis.
and us. RT : Happy Mothers Day to all those lovely mothers out there.
Tweet me if you got the Nightclub Story' app. Come to my club. <U+E105>
Thank you for the good wishes. It's been an exciting time for us, for sure. Have a great week.(check DM :-)
Uh oh! HootSuite, which we use for our Tweets, went down tonight for maintenance. We'll tweet the rest of today shortly. Sorry!
congrats, Alan! I'm thrilled for you and UWEC!
“: Just get me through today..” Ness!! You and me both... We CAN DO IT!!! :)
this is all making me want to buy a bike. Problem is my gigantic cranium makes finding a suitable helmet impossible.
Theres Only So Much One Person Can Take ...
Good Morning Cherri
will do!
I don't think Viddy can be a new Instagram. The story of photos is different from videos.
that's any Philly org. Look at the talbo contract.
"This quotation is going to be huge in the quote world." -Some Douchebag Making Up A Quote So He Could Quote Himself
First order of business back in the US: trying pretzel M&Ms. Verdict: crunchy, salty and sweet as promised.
Spam in any way, shape, fashion or form instantly turns me away from a business or organization
yeah think about ken think about ken (;
yea, knowledge is power. I'm going to be the best at whatever I do. I promise u
My pleasure, Sarah. Best of luck in all your endeavors. Hope to see you when I return to Egypt.
RT : Wow. Taylor Hicks will be doing Vegas. Who (besides me) could have predicted that? #idol / cab driving is good pay in LV!
Spot on. Gives fans something to look forward to in remainder of 2011. Thoughts on Jay Gruden as HC for #Chiefs?
went out with guys and passed out blankets to homeless people. if you have extra jackets or blankets hit me up going again tomorrow night
Did you miss us? We were there till almost 3 today...
Feeling froggy, then leap
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory.
GlobalGrind 's Hip-Pop Celebrity Christmashanakwanzakah Wish List (LIST) Merry Christmahanakwanzakah! LIST: GlobalGrind 's Top 10 Hip-Pop
Design Tip: If you want a room to help you feel energized, use red and orange colors. www. cliointeriordesign.com
Don't undersell yourself. As a freelancer you're charging a lot because you don't work very much. You don't work very much because...
Orlando Dragons vs Tampa Bay Black Sox Sat 8/8/09 at Sanford's Memorial Stadium 1st 50 people through the gate gets a FREE souvenir bat
Today is Martin Luther King Day of Service. Are you volunteering?
#icantwaitfor this weekend!
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job??
Anything we can do to make someone start fangirling :)
“ Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's!! The world would be nothing without you...love”
So sorry to hear Victoria.
just got mine yesterday
goodnight boys!! xx
S'mores are campfire essentials. Do you have any variations you like? We put our marshmallows between two chocolate chip cookies. M!
At this point we just need to roll... And work hard to get this thing comfortable...keep workin Randolph
you're so right! Halfway through season2 and so much is happening... I must catch up!
yes sleep deprivation is tough but so worth it! Congratulations!! He is precious!
Author of "Local Dollars, Local Sense" speaking now at #DoGoodSummit. We are helping you invest local first in #DC through
We'll be releasing the 2012 lineup at midnight tonite. Make sure you are signed up for our newsletter. p.s. the lineup is amazing
Damn you. IHopeYouGetStungByaJellyfish.
I'm a big flirt..
liked and retweeted.
There are numerous responsible and qualified individuals who could sit on that board seat who are not making crazed statements in public.
it's DUCK CURRY! Lmaooo RT ": Dinner ; Curry Duck,Dhal,Rice,Roti :)”
Can't wait to see the video from the launch party...gonna be SEXY!
I did:) will send pics!! RT : Did you find an outfit for the weekend? Would love to see pics!
one of the books is Cassell's Dictionary of Cookery. I think you would love it! Thanks for looking into this.
I never meant to make your daughter cry I apologized a trillion times!!!!!!
Story of my life and ur just a turned page...
My living room is a mess since my brother had to come home today happy but now we gotta unpack everything!!! :O
happy doesn't always make us grateful, but I believe that being grateful always make us happy
Lies O.O !
Follow me!!!!
found some nice pictures you took at lunch today :')
Anyone else wishing they were kid sized and could fit into DVF for Gap kids?
Review: Trans-Siberian Orchestra show sizzles and dazzles
Maybe we need to find a Micha -- Might help a thing or two!
Ving Rhames, Jennifer Hudson, Ashy Larry - In six months I've already had more black people in my movies/TV shows than Woody Allen.
Thinking the Syracuse bandwagon just got a bit heavier.
I Followed you!<U+E414>
I'm SO tired
Oh Watchmen. You rock my world.
make me one :)
Wish there were more hours in a day. Between being a mama, wife, networking, and building a brand I am stretched to the max.
I know. Looks...wow.
I had to retire after I didn't win a PVA. Desk job called. But OK, mission-make-people-aware-of-the-ladies is on.
Playing guitar until I have to drive back to school. Playing Blink-182, 311, and New Found Glory.
E this movie is real scary# where is prince charming ;)
why am I walking around singing about bananas and ketchup??? Ha
Pink Floyd lyrics abound... but feel better soon.
4500 UBIs were the Species Pages of the past! 's Jesús Ugalde at Content Summit! I see Atta! Coming up soon: Atta2 in May 2012!
He threw a sinker...
suspended from school for 10 days won't be on alot :P
Can't wait to speak to the Ageless woman, lyttle and the Chirinos sisters
WOW - Wailea On Wednesdays. Check out on Wednesdays from 6:30-8:30. Gallery receptions, artist appearances and specials.
Now Following :-)
yes, we definitely were. We found the trailer a while back and were stoked it was at Bird's.
LITA Forum 2009 starts in just days...will you be there?
I gotta agree with Fuse...Sweet Dreams is Beyonces sexiest video!!
a great night speaking to Fayette County alumni. What a great group! Go Cats!
I can't promise to fix your problems, but I can promise you won't have to face them alone.
emily what time did you get there ? 9:25?
Hmm if I leave the club now I can still catch late nite...
We're having A Weekend of Savings throughout the mall with special offers at participating stores. It's all happening October 7-9.
NFL Draft > Bucks final game
I'm bout to pass out!!!!
One-stop sales &amp; marketing solution
I'm listening to "Let My Words Be Few" by Plumbline "I stand in Awe of you .."
More interesting Q is whether we'll see more voter suppression robocalls in Lac du Flambeau today.
I think he's getting a mani/pedi : I'm getting a tune up on these hands and feet right now.
He said He want to know the real me . I said It ain't that easy .
not to mention photos of us forces w/ dead Afghan body! Peace and calm! No magic bullet, foreign policy is total mess
Landed a heelwhip down a three stair today. So thats pretty cool.
FREE event Tonight! (4/10)6:30pm Screening & discussion of Olmsted and America's Urban Parks - don't miss!
That gal in the middle is a real doll!
My brain is scary enough, do I really want to see inside yours as well?
Key Lime Pie Yogurt
So it is Chinatown tomorrow for Happy Hour...
Great presentation today. You know your stuff and presented very well!!!! Have a GREAT weekend!
Promoting Safety In The Street And On The Web: Educational Games Teach Internet Safety to Children Online At ...
I see you Mane
LET IT BE SO, NUMBER ONE! RT : oh i shall. IN THE NAME OF THE BUS!
UK has some ugly ass cheerleaders
Oh no! “: U/D Bronx: Bronx River Pkwy & E.180St at the Bronx Zoo NYPD Highway & EMS on scene reporting 6 victims are DOA on scene"
that was our first big arguement i still beg and plead to her i want her back. Its been 3 weeks. I just wanna get her bak
Check out the Google doodle for today! They're so clever. Happy Halloween!!!
Diane Kelly is a very engaging speaker.
what the hell is going in Friday Night. Miss y'all. Ugh
Whoever won gift basket @ #FoodFightMKENight , please raise your hand? Fakers need not apply. ;)
Wonderful evening :)
lol I just speak the facts!
I never thought i'll have my first relationship over a year this young but oh well Im happy its with her(:
my family
Stress levels are at much more reasonable levels today. I'm digging it.
Lol, its a unique trend
Archives/Library Internship/Volunteer contact for more info.
Going to dinner with my father Scott tonight. Going to talk Ace strategy and how we can better serve our clients. All family business.
Same here and it was really really really frustrating. I thought buffering days were over...
NP Always try to follow the supporters of Cleveland
thats deputy prime minister of turkey for you laymen!
Actually, next door at Vdara. But good eye!
check out nice records on facebook! our video coming out soon!
Now Playing <U+266A> She Sells Sanctuary (Long Version) by The Cult
Quite a night of baseball wasn't it? Wow!
Game 1: Mario "I wish I could be refurbished." Rod "We could send you to Connecticut."
Most tickets will be seats, some tickets will be SRO
Hey I heard to like the wild ones ;)
The last time I played softball on a Friday night I was wearing the Red and Yellow
lil romeo is now romeo, lil bow wow is now bow wow, when lil wayne gunna grow the hell up?
don't feel like being bothered
Has anyone heard of Lohanthony ?
Tanning Mom looks just like all the Hollywood celebrities with radioactive cheeto spray-tans. Just sayin.
Vinnnnnny chase. That's it.
you two mash well. Your good for each others soul!
Mom, Ben Affleck is naked in my bed!
Let me explain a breakthrough. It's when you find a method of doing something [system] that dramatically accelerates your ability to...
old crow medicine show.wagon wheel was the first song I learned on the guitar. I just got lost most the time..
RT : Broward Auditions are tonite starting at 8pm come by if you want to audition you can walk in or go to the...
i miss u
I will never walk home again in this heat!!!
apparently, problem is inclusion of SNOMed in UMLS was created by College of American Pathologists, wouldn't open up
True. It isn't like she'd need to give up city hall to run thanks to the debacle she lobbied for this year.
you should see my back... i went to our baseball game on sunday and it is so red!
well then god bless his soul
My parents trying to figure out my dad's iPad. Way too amusing.
whens this happening?
Last month and N. Starosielski visited 's Media Ecology seminar to discuss their process, collaboration, and Scalar
At this point, we feel it is appropriate to issue turds for his non-ballot measure. Suggestions for kind or qty?
Last night here. Nice Indian meal. Great to be w/family, but can't wait to get back and see my girls, Banana and
Make a resolution take back control of your home in 2012. Let us help you start with #repairing that ruined carpet!
I'm still here on earth because I have not completed my purpose!
If all of you could take a second and ask your friends to follow & Thanks
RT : here's to the kids who finally found someone different.
Question is, will P&N know what a vcr is?
i mostly dont get any .
take a nap :
Montreal! I dont know any french except for "youre what the french call les incompetents" Hopefully Montreal's a fan of Home Alone
you need more or larger stations in Farragut north. No room for my bike in the am and no bikes left in the pm. Had to metro back
Is it because all of his teeth are fake?
looking forward to seeing the play JESUS HOPPED THE A TRAIN at the New Hazlett Theatre tonight.
U r gonna love Wilson! He has it all and was a steal at 75! Can't wait for him to prove the haters wrong!
While I love Coke (the cola), don't forget my Dr. Pepper obsession! I am drinking one right now :)
Perfect! Any chance you could drop it off at since you live in the area? Otherwise I can pick it up from you! :)
whenever you free.. Let's set something up
Yes! Well, you can't argue with arm wrestling....
Do not be wise in your own eyes; fear the LORD and shun evil. Proverbs 3:7
Final score KC Bulldogs 77 St Jo Bandits 24
awesome!! Thanks! =))
Discovery Earnings Down on OWN Losses
frustration does not get things done it actually makes it harder to complete
I seriously don't want to get up yet...but good morning, world!
:O that means you sexy then according to my tweet. ;)
all you can control is how realized your potential is. That is about YOU!
I wish you great success. Time to get rid of the tie. may not be cool with flip flops just yet.
I love wearing his shirt :3 <3
JUST SAW YOUR VIDEO- Contact our volunteers in Addis and this can be ONE DAY OF AWARENESS! We do weekly programs #MOVEMENT!!
I am living a fever dream
Here's an idea: 5-AND A HALF hour Energy shots
thanks for following
Stephanie told me I've been logged on to her iphone for like 6 months & I got that tweet & I was like wait what's going on lol
12th #SDCChiHack is a site that lets people share deep questions- and answers- with one another
I really don't wanna say , especially not up here !
yoooooo what's up
For $1,000, Go Deep In The Bush [Nice Price Or Crack Pipe]
I crochet my hair and loving it!!!
Super excited for the #iacaucus. Never thought I'd say that about a GOP race. My bet: Santorum, Paul, Romney.
He ran in '08 and didn't even get a ballot??? And they call this America the Great!
Let this be the only time I have Red Bull and Nicotene (and bananas) for breakfast
I haven't used my oovoo in forever tho idk y I have one
Though I am grateful for the blessings of wealth, it hasn't changed who I am. My feet are still on the ground. I'm just wearing better shoes
Tyson Chandler is a rebounding machine.
GREAT game tonight! So proud to be a Bucks fan!
Now I'm only one chapter behind on identifications!
that could be badly misinterpreted. ;)
you have three artists albums mixed up under "Paul Kelly".
Attending Datatel+SGHE Executive Summit 2012...just listened to "Solutions - The Year Ahead" led by Mark Jones, SVP & Chief Product Officer
Stylish Moms means stylish babies and kids! Check out in the #momsFF Stylish Suite
that means we think a lot I like- I thought no one would get that-
A morning text doesn't only mean "good morning." It also means "I think about you when I wake up
Sad to see Lucey cross over to the dark side. On the bright side, now we get to spend the next three weeks blasting his character.
My butt and legs are so sore from Plyocide. On week 5 so I figured I could up the intensity. Paying for it today. Feel the burn!
with school & stuff i don't have much time to but i love to! :)
lmao. Yes, anytime I ask someone if they're drunk, it def applies to u, as well :-*
while you're on maternity leave, if I send you the coug, could you make a happy bday pic for Marky next week?
S/O To For Followin Back :)
Thanks for the RT
reading true diary of a part-time indian
- Confirmed. I wish I had the automobile-related abilities of Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble. Yabba-dabba-doo.
lol I just don't like raves
People want to see you for a glow party.
RT : Barbecue, Boulevard, Baseball.
Waking up when it's still dark should be outlawed.
Yay! And I'm glad you liked it. SHATTER ME just blew me away.
You could always bug me :)
I just need someone steady in my life thats gonna be there </3
You sold my dead bird to a blind kid?!
Afrolicious weekly party was off the chain last night yet again. shout out to Nappy G for his tasty set!! Crowd was AMAZING!!!!
According to a Harvard Medical School study as many as six million Americans use an #alternativetherapy recommended by a doctor
They didn't mention it until halfway though. It would have been nice of Jordyn that's all. Not worth arguing on twitter.
Up to 60% off Gucci shoes and accessories at DSW Buckhead today.
just favorited all of your tweets cause i can't retweet you anymore... ily cheer up
Being interview by the patch.
Amazing Girls Circle workshop now at the Worcester #JuniorLeague!!
RT : Getting misty-eyed thinking ab friends that have been in my life 4 20+ yrs!What a blessing!//yes!
I was living in 280 square feet here in SF. Studio. Too small.
Such a great way to start the day - let's do it again ASAP!
It's upsetting that such an important game was rained out.
Single or not. Remember gods love is more stable and powerful than man. So have a great Valentine's day and remember God loves us!
He took only one day off last year......and found Bin Laden.
xoxo... And is that chocolate cake for breakfast? *drools*
Happy Saturday Beautiful People. Day 5 #LightsCameraAction - XavierLT.com
Today Emerging Leaders will host a shoebox decorating party ! We cannot wait to show you all of the amazing shoeboxes!
"If you can't open it, you don't own it." Suzanne Fischer @
Is it fair to say that #Celtics #RajonRondo is the king of the triple-doubles and not that other guy?
This is the best birthday that ive had in my 14 years of existance 4 2 reasons 1 i met Nick the day b4 my bd 2 he tweeted me happy birthday!
Re: "UPS Customer Support is now following you ()." Sorry! I was just anxiously awaiting a piece of gear for !
I love with all my heart! Really! She is gorgeous:)
You should see my neighborhood..Sheesh!
Spectacularly funny. RT : My dad while watching basketball: If I was an NBA player, I'd change my name to Pea Knus. #seriously?
Mid-morning update is that the bag "should" be on its way
Cureton: resistance to change? You either change the people or CHANGE THE PEOPLE.
Wife bought a Jillian Michaels yoga DVD. "Deep breaths. Open your heart to the energy. And namaste, you FATASS MOTHERF*@&ING PIECE A SH*T!"
Zombies need hobbies.
Matt read got straight up benched today after the turnover
will have a long life in middle America. It was condescending and did not take into account the people who love Netflix for
yup I'm back in office next week so shoot me some options!
#ilovemyMother no matter wat she my first n my last nobody will never take her place /my bestfriend
Well, 2011's THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO opening credits are pretty sweet, aren't they?
I'd like to say thanks to my fans by following them all back RT if want the follow or to help #YungDeet out.
Everybody thinks me and Bebe is sisters lol
Let's go play some handball
In Tulsa with wife's family, supposed to be 68 degrees Thursday ... plan to golf!
i just got extremely pissed off, for no good reason...... Im such a girl.
Sometimes the ONLY thing that people see is WHAT you did. When in fact, they should be looking at WHY you did it.
LOL That was hilarious!! I wonder if Patrick & Neil could do that?! ;-))
Two margaritas and a relaxing dinner with family. Beautiful night.
Finding #balance somewhere between found drinks and the
I hear that Michael J. Fox has a disease that makes him get a lot of parking tickets. Yeah, he got the disease from some guy named Mohammed
Thanks for the clarification :-)
Bridget, Sonic stock is up. Is it warranted?
and really, a house after NYC is weird and new for anyone. Maybe they r just dreams? At least she sleeps well
it dipped thirty-some percent, as expected. Still number one show of the night.
What is your favorite perfume to use during the day?
yes right of the gold line :)
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 34
Just finished The Scorpio Races for Feb's book club. Loved it and SO excited to talk about it.
"One Direction is only famous because of their looks." Yeah, I bought their album to listen to their faces.
When I was six, I could juggle scarves like a badass. The world was my oyster then.
okay, deal!
very peaceful pastime
Goodnight twitter. :-)
Laying in bed "daydreaming"of all the fun renovations I can make to my house. I think it's about time $$ started growing on tree's
“ I fucking hate you guts... and if u want another little slut in your life then fuck it im done!!! #FUCKU!”
-you are beautiful in EVERY single way, cause words can't bring you down. <3
Hold on there...not so fast...not so furious! He works for Food Stam President who is not really President.
Did you get them?!
Merci beau coup! I will definitely be saving some money on shampoo :)
So many words in my head, trying to find the best way to arranged them, I got my pen and my pad just being having trouble getting in the lab
You're welcome! I'm just sorry you've been missing out on its brilliance for so long.
#10 sign you work in Marketing: You lecture the neighborhood kids selling lemonade on ways to improve their look-to-buy ratio.
YES! And this time of year there is plenty of fresh fruit available! Choose fresh over dry and you get the bonus of H2O!
sounds about right
So the 27th amendment to the constitution was proposed by the First Congress in 1789, but wasn't ratified untill May 18, 1992?
Has your patio been bombed by birds? Time to power wash your patio back to pre war conditions? vegaspressurewashing.com
I hate that SPROUTS isn't open late. 10pm?! U kiddin me?! Where am I supposed to do my leisurely wee hour groshing?
right on, see you then!
circus afro circus afro polka dot polka dot afro!
thanks lady!!
I'm really mad about losing in fantasy football this week, REGGIE BUSH! Mad it Tuesday...
hi welcome to adventureland where aall yyour dreams can come true :)
933flz played it 2 times in an hour!(: I was so happy!!<33 #BOYFRIEND #followme or #noticeme <33 love and support you
Yes, I'll also arrive on Wednesday, in afternoon...meet up later to eat or for a drink?
Just started reading it today. Transfixed so far.
- different events in the music industry and various news.
...they offer exit row seating and extra leg-room seats; even first class, but I can't find the "sit next to a hottie" option :(
Why do I even bother watching these games??
That's because you are finally relaxing and doing nothing
meek mill & Luda
what exactly are you over
don't worry about them two girls. Im here :D
me too.
were they critizing it?
- We aren't as divided as you think we are. When all he__ breaks loose we'll all be Americans again.
But I do feel somewhat justified that some of the observations I made on Klobah's work were the same Lamming made in praise of her.
15 minutes til kickoff! Unofficial in Chicago w/ #illcrawl !
Yeah I do haha
m yummy just ate some taco bueno
There are so many things that I'll never get back.
I can so dig it!
Hey new tweets and peeps-thanks for following.
thx buddy! :D
We are sold out. We will see you out here tomorrow!
Research paper <<<
Like #UConn, pizza & beer? Join at the on Feb. 16 for a 5:30 Club beer tasting! Tix at uconnalumni.com.
Off to a video shoot. First PSA let the work continue. Saisissez le jour!
loved this tweet. Thanks for your support! :)
please tell me one of saw the Bradshaw TD?
also how did anything I say make you think I thought it was about me? Your reading comprehension level is very low.
Have you met ? “: We shld add RT : Can't wait for a conf where students voice their opinions #dream2012”
Get a goal & then every day do 5 things that will help you accomplish that goal. -
"I don't believe in Google overload." -
Even 20-somethings face all kinds of situations, so it’s important that even young people make estate plans.
YEA we were laughing SO hard
sorry, stupid Twitter signed me off and I couldn't remember my password >:(
Reminder! Tonight Acoustic Thursdays is at Zella's Pizzeria 1145 Hollins St 21223 (8-11) $5. Full menu & bar. Plenty of parking
From Natural Hair to Extensions to braids, you are covered! There is something for everyone in the Valentine's Day Specials "JUST FOR...
so one page is 4 updates & one is 4 ur own use?
Cole Hamels has been suspended five games and fined. -- Todd Zolecki ()
The stars are bright on the water.....
I might get my stuff back thanks to a good neighbor. I'm a tad less cynical because of that. All the same,
You talked to Stan Lee?! Holy shit! Just watched Ironman tonight. He was dressed like Hugh Hefner...hee hee
Ok so far I picked the top 2. I'm on edge
we played games the whole time
Have you ever thought about making a competion for the girl who's going to play in your music video? <U+2665>
I hate when people constantly run their mouths.
Instead of burning books, the future F451 will feature DRM-ing books away from the public as censorship.
This commercial >>>
what a beauty
Hangovers are a real bitch:o(
So much to do but thats ok! Keeping God first and it's all good in the hood lol
Is Vincent Orange trying to inherit #ward5? It's going to be a fight.
only shining light was the way Milan went at Barcelona 4times. UTD got hammered in every Dept by Bilbao, Spains 10th best team.
3 weeks at home! More time for writing projects. And preparing for my next round of travels.
THEY KISSED!!! Princess Catherine is too pretty:D
hahaha bro im bout to get big
Whoever said nothing is impossible has obviously never tried to staple water to a tree.
Last I checked I was! Hold on lemme see... Yep still alive! Lmao!
Kroger hoping for 200 8oz waters!! Don't laugh it ain't funny!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> lol
look at the picture. 2:33 I think it said
Coffee & her makes my day:)
. Here's the thing: Fed's goal in Rome is to get the 2 seed for the French. Ironically, Nole beating Rafa does that if Fed makes SFs.
yo weak ass. You'll step on a grape and break yo ankle, soft as boy
MT That was HIP HOP [re: Mayweather spazzing on Larry Merchant in the interview]
pls RT - Are you ready? Time to go. Get your free gift and shop for a $1.00. One hour only. here it is...bit.ly/6hGqKx
I just ordered aall her cookbooks yay! HAPPY BIRTHDAY BELLA! XO SEE U IN SI!
#ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend that cares about him, more them myself, when ever he needs me, I'll be here
QB, RB's, DEF and #1 WR are excellent, TE's and other WR's are iffy at best. Evans could be a sleeper
Nice to meet you too.
May 18 is Lupus Awareness Day- Wear Purple for Lupus Awareness
Fuck everything. I am going to Warped Tour. Nobody will stop me!
#ILovePeopleThat tell the truth from jump. No BS, no games.
u aint right..see y u gotta rub it in bruh? Lol
I thought the same thing about the co-authorship. Thanks for reading :)
RT“: To their credit, the #CNNDebate did do a thorough job covering all the issues that don't matter. So there's that. #Fail”
allhhhwww come to pittsburgh :)
follow me please i will love you forever
It's a hard genre! My hat is off to you. Have you read Don Maass' Fire in Fiction? It really helped with my 2nd book.
screen finally worked, helps when it is a surprise
I'll be more than happy to mail you one. If any of your friends are interested too please let me know. If u have any questions
GEOOOOO someone hacked the ICON website go look!!!!!
Happy Saturday! Sunny, let's enjoy the day. What have you got planned?
hey....woohoo go spurs Thanks ;)
Did you know? #Prettylittlethingsmovie will serve as the first ever feature length film to ever come from #PointParkUniversity film students
Worst of the night: Penelope (hair), Sandra (makeup), JLO (dress: the nude mesh arm sleeves took her dress to ice-skating territory to me).
Give them time.": worse than anything a Romney advisor could have said"
Mine are in 2 weeks, but I'll take it Anne :) RT “: Best of luck for all those exam takers today :)”
": “: Can't smoke weed for 3months #Damn smh” aww hell!!"...NIGGA FINNA START SMOKING SPACE
yeeee (: you're welcome<3. So what's up??
That's good advice. Let me try one... "looking for a place to clip your nails? Try your house!" :)
(except in rare case where db is the born-digital primary format)
On my early morning Gospel Vibe...
I'm in a hotel room writing a paper about globalization. My neighbors in hotel room next door seem to be doing something else...
Live on the tornadoes that swept through DFW. I could not believe the video coming in. semi trucks circling high in the sky Turn us on now!
Ah. And here I was picturing you as Helen Hunt in 'Twister'!
So my cousin just graduated from college or whatever she was in and is pregnant for the second time. Woho.
Nice. “: You're listening to the wrong feed. We know how to say Junior's name #mubb”
Opening in Sep. Their inspirational faculty is planning collaboratively. Will be happy to connect you.
geeze...now I have to add #dl11 to my search list ;-) thanks for a great event.
They are! I'd eat some of his lunch, but he always gets something grossly carnivorous I'm not supposed to tell his real wife about.
Got as much research done for the time being, now its time to put it to use and make it happen.
Just got home from #alamw12. Now might read 1 of books I picked up & nap. Margaret Atwood reading tonight! Can't wait!
will never understand why it takes girls so long to get ready smh
yes Girly bc I'm awesome like that!(:
This Keyshawn right here in Brooklyn Chilln with the fams (:
Mhm :D !! Haha are you ready for warped your 2012?
Blocked and reported as a SPAMMER
They totally responded to you about the link, didn't they, lulz
Nice domain name...i'll visit the site later
I fully support your initiative :)
Happy New Year!! Enjoy capturing amazing moments!!
Im here workin keepin busy word above water performing its gonna be wild
: Thank you! Stay tuned these muffins and more will be for sale in my etsy store very soon!!
I don't want to hear her wack ass song
#BelieveINTransit RT : "What's next?" for Indy. I have an idea. Care to guess? Jim Irsay like twitter recognition for correct...
#CyberMonday I can't even get a deal on a #moleskin? Where else can I expel my immortal vampire angst? 140 words isn't sufficient.
is in search of a cup of coffee the size of her head.
how do you only have a half a million followers!!?!?!? #AmITheOnlyOneThat thinks that's ridiculous!?
yeah,me too :)
god morning everyone!!!!!!!...beautifull day in Dallas Texas..And hoping you guys have a wonderfull day!!!!..god bless you people!!
RT : I swear i gotta get outta Philly #butilovemycity<U+E40E><U+E40E><U+E40E>smh<=nothing like home
Today has been the kind of day where I could just go home and mainline some rich, creamery butter.
Talof2cities, you're the best. Thanks a million for all the positive tweets!
John 2:19 "Jesus answered them, “Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.”'
Oh I Know
that play was amazing! :) great job OKP!
Glad you liked the video. :)
oh ok
Thanks!! Your website is awesome, great work!
Just picked up my 1st pair of quality over-the-ear headphones...Feels like I just discovered music. And the headphones were free.
Hey I put "Rack City" in my GPS and it was unknown. Can you tell me where one can find this "Rack City"?
I had such a nice convo with you before saying you love me, and now your acting like a asshole -__-
Finishing up this wellness homework
RT : for a job I don't mind going into every day!
Yay! You should come see a show at #Stage773 !
RT :Instead of spending money on pricey dinners and outings. Invest your resources into building your futures.
RT "You mean like fry bacon in the nude? #2chapit" That's making the list.
I thought maybe I could pick up this prescription without debating the price so I could make the 8:15 train. Funny right?
Excited to finally see some media coverage of the Boston and New York teams over the next two weeks.
So proud of the team for getting the Gold top fundraising team this year for Walk MS! Let's make it platinum next year!!!
so if u need a minute u got it
2Grammy Submitted Artists this year!If u solicit me4a vote.I won't even listen2your music.I will block&delete u!Lobby4a better system morons
I feel bad for all the girls out there that don't have moms. I know I fight with mine alot. But she's the best, I love her so much.
Probably true. I find organizing circles to be a blast! Best segmentation tool on any social network.
no it was just one of his dj's he's on tour with
All man need is the Supernatural Power of The Holy Spirit; God wants to completely fill you- Pastor Reynaldo Santiago!! =D
Sometime I really hate Florida...... It's 80 degrees on an early Christmas eve morning, I'm sweating.....this is not right ..kill me now
But, What is a lie?
good night
Well I'm back in miami on my way to the studio
HI MIKEY
Our girls did great in the Smartwool race at Vail today! Go girls!
oh i see well i hope u hve fun
About to eat something squishy and pink... What the frick japan?
Dear neighbors, Sunday is a day of rest. Not a day to throw parties. Sincerely, The neighbor who's sick of your partying every week.
if I play with Barca I can't be beat.
stop smoking so many blunts ;p
Likewise! So great to connect!
What if you incoporated a body spin into every time you sign a receipt? First name --body twirl-- last name.
Phi Phi, SHUT UP! Quit bitching so much.
How can I be sure really exists if I've never seen him in person?
please stop posing
you make twitter so much better.
“People are not lazy. They simply have important goals – that is, goals that do not inspire them.” Tony Robbin
There is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face. —Ben Williams
Thx to all who added amazing ideas on "how to make training stick" to our 6 foot Idea Board at the booth at
have a good break! Btw you coming to round up? It's gon be epic.
Glenn is trying desperately to figure out the difference between twitter and facebook. It's got him bothered.
#ItGetsMeMadWhen People bring up mistake you made a long time ago, over and over again.
Pretty funny but false. He does however hold onto the ball to long even in the pro bowl.
changes history
“: Time to get down(ton)” we haven't yet. Perhaps we should?
don't jinx him! #noinjuriesRT Personnel evaluator from another team on Robinson: "The sky is the limit for that kid."
Yes, that makes so much sense, I will add it to our list of things to do!
lol that's awesome
how is recovery?
so does he! Sometimes he doesn't get to meet his idols because he's so busy.
Should have played party in the usa as erik's intro
we miss you in Austin!! The cupcakes were pretty delicious.
We will be announcing some new endorsed casinos next week. Looks like the poker world really wants to unite and use a base set of rules
what's the weather supposed to be like come first pitch?
Hey Jim, been awhile. Hope things are going well.
IDGAF! Suck My Dick Bitch!
Just walked by on Nebraska rockin the signature suit and bow tie, smoking a cigar.
The Clippers Blow Ass But #CP3 Is The Man.
Very cool strategy: funds expeditions & captures the journey to tell their brand's story
i need the next 12 days to fly by, no joke, put wings on them
RT : have you tried in the #DesignDistrict? Best Menu in Miami. Simply mind blowing food!
RT : Happy 68th anniversary to former astronaut & U.S. Sen. John Glenn & his wife Annie.
Sequence is the highlight of our game night. States & capitols version.
We need bloggers & interns, if interested please contact
will do! :-) how about you,doing anything fun this weekend ?
says "I'm good at my job because I don't care about art"
practice... It will probably come natural once you try
Oh yes we did! Hope you're doing well. “: Sounds like you two had a great night!”
OH: I hope I at least break even today. I really need the money.
It's just one of those days...
Happy Birthday from me and your Chicago fans !! GREAT Glee last nite!
Wow, is in Assisi today - I rode there a year ago! Bellisimo.
the best is when she says " Jesus was in a dunky"
Yeahh..Jake creeped me and 's awkward convo ... which made my day<3
watching lightning strike over the ocean
Come one come All.. Well maybe not all but 7 more. #Model s we need your expertise in a high fashioned calendar.
“Think of the USP as something the consumer takes from the ad, rather than as something the copywriter puts into the ad.” - Rosser Reeves
#tweetleak this message was leaked exactly 2 minutes before we had planned, damn interwebs!
aww I miss my wife! :(
....you must go to NOW...i've been waiting for a Dawson's reference....it feels like christmas
RT : We worry about what a child will be tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today. - Stacia Tauscher
Blazers need to fill the 15th roster spot. Ask Mr. Hustle 25 if he could come out of retirement.
I'm so excited for all the new things that are going on in your life!
looks just like you haha
Embrace peace in this moment.
post a pic. Let's see
Which province?
#smwbake BEST COOKIE
I'm at so can get his free meal for Veteran's Day. It's packed!
#UMass proud!! Cruz!
Just finished new track "Soul Jack" for Stealth Records. Will post a clip soon. Bombs on the way!!!! :)
scrambled egg and half a grilled cheese!
Hell yeah aha ": that looks good :-P"
I care to much and Idk why
if that weren't true, music in this country would SUCK
Midlothian Costco opened this morning. The store looks fantastic! Fully stocked with merchandise and friendly employees.
you should follow he has a great voice and look for him on YouTube his name is Dylan Hyde he's amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Let's close this bad boy out!
In the case of, You are the father
Hi Sally, I wish we were still friends
then you should be good to go according to buddies over at Mozilla (not so secret Google dept.)
I know my reputation with automotive journos gives me cred with automotive influencers, for example.
At least your fire alarm control box hasn't been sounding intermittently even tho twas reported 4 days ago.
Congratulations to the chili peppers for being inducted to the hall of fame!
More than likely one of the most useful commands your dog should learn is ‘leave it’
damn that sucks :/
Laker fans continue to talk about #HeatNation when the games over. Worry about your sad ass team.
If you're watching the Blazers game tonight, and have no one around to whom you can bitch about Felton, I'll be liveblogging for the Mercury
M cooking channa masala, basmati rice, masala dosa and coconut chutney and New Grist gluten free beer - you reward for filming
www.risenmagazine.com: illusionist Danny Ray, artist Shepard Fairey, runner Mark Creer. Share Risen cuz we’re just getting warmed up.
if I had to choose, it would have to be stinky breath
Dust-soaked burners slowly trickling back from the playa into the foggy cool Haight. Welcome back, burners. We held down the fort for you.
Hunger Games Rock!!! RT this!!!
i dont know they blocked me from seeing it
Can I get to Mt Washington via downtown by way of 83s?
Thanks 2 our huge audience last night&our guests Amstel comic Lisa Ann Walter,FOX News Jennifer Griffin,NPR Greg Myre&singer Elan
i dressed like such white girl today...
bring the lord to them.
Bitch Nuggets .
Fascinating examination of images of Lady Justice by Resnik & Curtis - tweeting from
How do men sort their laundry? "Filthy" and Filthy but wearable"
what Momma Litt doesn't know won't hurt her
u r flawless and so kind u r my role model <3
If there is a God up there, he has been punishing me lately. Please stop. Tank you.
then they get so nervous that they shit themselves :/
be right back, sending you a Farmville request.
would love to share my end of life handbook with you
heyy girl have a wonderful day tomorrow
Nice view to wake up to. Good Morning!
Good News...Ms.Ramona, the only thing that gets me through any day.
Blasting The Jimmy Castor Bunch- ”Triglodyte(Cave Man)” ....
crust for crust. it's a deal. you let me know when you're ready to do this.
The best thing about being multilingual is pretending I don't speak English when some jackass tries to hit on me.
I'm great thanks :) wbu?
Looking forward to the starting the season 1-0 tonight against division rivals, #GORAIDERS!
aww man I'm sorry! I didn't see you :(
I want her to choose but I don't want the brothers to split up like omg I have a feeling though that eventually
How do u dance to this kid?
RT : I think my house is haunted :/
#wordoftheday Triskaidekaphobia (n) fear or a phobia concerning the number 13. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
We're very pleased with how it turned out!
RT : RT : God only gives three answers to prayer: 1. 'Yes!' 2. 'Not yet.' 3. 'I have something better in mind.
If life was a stubborn mule contest, I'd be ruler of the free world.
watching build Ikea stuff live. I have a feeling he's just as bad at it as I am.
aww (: Jamaica is amazing, but we've spent most our trip at the airport dealing with getting luggage back. So fun.
2 day is a gud day.
What do you buy a fan in Cleveland? Browns gear now that the cavs are going to stink up the joint
^ Should clarify, our script made "Top 15%" at #Nicholl last year. Yay. Just found out.
I wish I still did photography... But I know a few people who may know Chicago photographers
Who is Chef Blackhand?
Who's up and bored
Time for that hoggish 10:21 P.M. spaghetti feeding.
"Swine fever click here for the latest, and no doubt we will sell you something"
great show at Higher Ground!
Albert Pujols gave baseball fans a show congrats to him, but I'm still rooting for the
great wonder if ms. Bitch is here today!
I hate when my fone dies when I'm in thee bath...
“: Eli..straight cash homey” 4th quarter king!
#YouWasSexyUntil i found out u had a crazy baby momma...
y u say that pacino
RT : Shoot- I missed your call last night!! << SHOULDN'T YOU GUYS BE WORKING?
And then Satan said, "I will put a One Direction member on both sides of the poster."
Finally on the road!! Fukk wit me!
"Omg, I jus stood up for the first time, my feet SUCK" lmaoooo poor thing
Thanks Russ.
Cena killed it, well done.
At lunch... Not in the mood to hear from you so please quite calling.
Wish I knew how to make my food taste as good as it looks. These crab cakes are amazing but they look a mess!
"I am human and I need to be loved!" -MIW
Prepping food. Firing up the grill soon.
That was the dumbest hug ever..
We're finding that much older adults want help understanding online video and podcasting. They want to participate too.
Do smelly people realize they are smelly
Cute. Is ISU gonna win?!?
oh. Hahaha. My bad! I thought you were driving!
your cowboy is not anonymous we just don't know his real name
Serena Williams, Rapper: Listen to the Tennis Player's New Song
So don't vote for her. But spare me the histrionics about her job. She busted her ass for kids, not HMO's.
I've had better mornings
Today at Noon Doll!!
whats good in the hood peeps
i wish, but they did heavily influence my musical tastes as a teen
We're better off friends.
I didn't even have to overseas. It's in Virginia, too. I seem to be the only one in the family to catch it.
Cher can I get a follow plzz I love your song Swagger jagger and I want you back they are the best
To the person who cooked fish in my microwave last night and left it...FAIL.
Attention ETSU Students! Be on the lookout CONCERT POLL IS GOING UP TOMORROW! This survey is for NEXT SEMESTER'S concert!
Happy Thanksgiving #PackerNation! I am thankful that twitter lets me connect with #Packers fans everywhere. #GoPackGo!!!!
RT the words(you know) is used everywhere you know it is like the new saying.person:i can't go on you know, that car is so cool you know
please don't !!
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
this saturday was lame
Feeling good :3
RT : A pool is one of the top searched hotel amenities but often the most underused. Do you take time to relax by the pool when on...
Yep, for those of you who asked, that was me on Modern Family again
Do I make you nervous?
Thanks. I would but it's hard to when you feel like this about someone. It's hard enough to go just a day without her. :/
Nm tv u?
Winter???..what Winter..
RT : Come learn more about NMAP with #AmericanU students tabling today outside Mary Graydon Center from 11am - 2pm
Makeup Makes Women Appear More Competent What Malarky!! Does it do the same for Men?
First words of sentences and proper nouns think capitalism is awesome.
yes you do. I've played a bit around Gaylord and hope to do more exploring.
Hey everyone, who is going to #ALA11 ? I am looking forward to the great restaurants, people and a spooky night time tour of the city.
Love it so much when argues with !
RT : Help support women's #heart health! will donate $2 for every RT of this message to up to $250K!
I like the bespectacled pelican the best. I found mine while making scrambled eggs. Cracked open an egg and it slid right out.
you know he always close the doors that are not important!
D'Angelo is performing wow where?
wonderful to meet you at the GBK AMA gift lounge. I hope you enjoy your gifts. Kerry from
Dear summer, hurry the fu*k up.
Lots to do today and only one meeting = high possibility of increased productivity
Were you in Denver today? I swear I saw you and Bill (or your doppelgangers) walking down the 16th Street Mall!
You're a Prince in my Twitterdom--thank you
No More THUNDERDOME!! 11 Weeks on top and we loved it! D Swan will carry on.
I am tired of ppl quoting the same shit damn find something different
Sorting out guest room for MIL's visit, wondering how two people (yes, us) own SO MUCH LUGGAGE. How did this happen? Where can I donate it?
At JCK, sparkle sparkle! Need a nap now!
So I think im gonna be here for a while (': -dannah
Time for dinner =) Chicken pie =D Great Saturday, yeah =)
i so miss fiesta chicken nachos! Horrible part of not having Taco Mac down the street....
hahah it is to me I'm such a fricken health nerd. I just can't focus on this stupid outline
There is an exciting birthday at the house of Habit today! We have a leprechaun in the house:) Happy Birthday Pam have a FAB day!!
In case you haven't seen Downton Abbey's Behind the Drama, it's on PBS now. 1 hour long. YAY!
Ready to go out!
National Lab Day is coming up fast (May 12th)! Email to tell us what you have planned to celebrate!
Did you receive your Gold ?
Sounds like a perfect plan. : )
things that aren't my favorite - being scammed.. not.a.fave
c " Chew this!
GoodNight iloveyou. k? <U+2665>
People hate it when ur betta than them . They ain't hating , start worrying then.
Much love my dude! Appreciate ya!
I love how he used Wing Dings for the font on his album cover
Snob. I love that about you.
Late night homewoork. Listening to Peyton's EP.. It just makes homework so much better! :D <21
add me stream account on xbl. Beatdown stream
This Kansas game is nuts
tell a story! - Top blogging tips
We’ll see some clouds and sunbreaks today and also a chance of rain, mainly in the morning.
S/O to the baseball team for winning tonight, good job boys <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><U+26BE>
Consider guest blogs
Mr. Baird gave overview of transportation for families w kids at both schools.
AGREE! RT The cost of farm equipment is insane.
I would've been over no questions asked!!! ( sux)
On the menu....tempura shrimp!
Only 2 jockeys in this high stakes race. Bet on one or the other; don't be sitting on your wallet, 'cause there's way more at stake than WH!
Not excited about new COD. Something is wrong with me or I want to play a new genre of game. Rocksmith?
You have to do what brings you joy, I really don't see the point in anything else.
i must be pretty important to you if you tweet about me often, lofl
Prep baseball game...
haha yeah.. so i heard.. hahaha!
You cut me to the quick. And yet, it's true. :-)
chillen , @ Larry House . On This 2k Ps3
Happy new year!!!!!!!!!!! Only 354 days until the end of the world... again...
a great weekend. Check out this new micro story in the next tweet. Let me know your thoughts, comments, or ideas for a new one. Thank you!
#iq2atheism I watched nearly the whole thing, if the mod was biased, I didn't see it.
Nothing else matters much -- not wealth, nor learning, nor even health -- without this gift: the spiritual capacity to keep zest in living
I'm officially declaring this month #marchmassness in hopes of being half as jacked as you
Smooth Sound..luv the vibes!!! Eric
deng, Kobe, tony Allen.
The world needs more freed nipples I think beauty should be enjoyed there is no shame in beautiful nipples mine R even nice
appearing at the Big Lake Block Party on September 11th. The first chance for you to hear some new music from "if Only.."
At first dance with my daughter and we just Danced to butterfly kisses...
:) BTW, did you guys feel the earthquake over there?
you're making me
Facebook "Like" taken care of from The Form in #Milwaukee #Wisconsin. Keep the #music love going my lady!
love u always
Really??? Kansas loses by 19.
Already RT : shot I feel that!
Taylor swift is a terrible singer.
That person who's been there for you threw thick n thin <3
I'll get you on a track but it prolly won't be on the album
What do you think "Ally McBeal" was?
Its official Chipper Jones is retiring!
Great series for the Cup. Not an acceptable celebration folks.
Juvenile Law Center attorneys Riya Shah & Jessica Feierman speak today on HIPAA and FERPA at
We JUST made it to #ATX! I would love to connect though about ! Let's DM contact info.
ps. it just cracks me up,that he has over 40,000 followers. The whole following thing can be sad, when 4 many, it's just a #'s thing
Judging a person doesn't define who they are, it defines who you are.
joined twitter
How is everthing looking for Citrix Synergy this week? Excited to see all of the startups.
It's funny how sometimes you can knock out your 2 week to-do list in 2 hours. Makes you feel kind of stupidly unambitious.
guess who is going to ninewells for a week!.
See what happens when you find a stranger in alps?
Way to go!!
Great write-up on the #LFCkit launch, being passed around the office this morning.
Thanks, Marina!
Let's get it I'm on my grizzly right now
Watching Austin's old videos :')
Aw yeah!!!!! Let's hope will be there.
Got my summer career bag!!
Today I had a great time with Renee Morgan and the group with 5 Linx. Sarah joined today. I am grateful. Moving forward. Cynthia Harris
Just bought the family tickets to see the Reds take on the World Champion San Francisco Giants this summer.
I am VERY proud of the steps you have taken
I feel like I missed a meeting. Guess I'll have to read the minutes on 's blog. ( )
birthing agendas for technical advisory group meetings
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Le Pan II 9.7-Inch Tablet (Black)
do you guys get credit for people I can get to watch on Hulu?
211 or (812) 876-7175 is the number to call in a personal emergency to "Connect to Help" for social & governmental assistance - JDG
“: I bet you shower naked you slut!” Hilarious! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
It's a very funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it. William Somerset Maugham
that Matt Joyce catch better be a
Barrett says he needs his supporters like he's never needed them before, says there is a lot of work to do b4 June 5
#ucantextmeifuwant really ain't no different then da shit on da other website on thing is u turned it into "texts/call" #Smh friend alright?
Even if the voices aren't real, They have some really good ideas!!!
Im like a psychic when I go out drinking. I wake up next morning to a gatorade & asprin bottle on my nitestand, how did "past me" know ??
RT : "The closer we get to the real people we are, the more we will change and grow." -Elliott Galloway
thanks baby cakes for the retweet! xo
I think we should make some with guitars on them. We could bring the trend back, but they'd look a lot cooler.
Hello to our new followers!
“Ignorance is a cure for nothing." - W.E.B. DuBois // Happy Birthday!
A jazz musician is a juggler who uses harmonies instead of oranges. ~Benny Green
I was given "Texan Caviar" for dinner last night, which turns out is just corn mixed with beans
wanna b a tv co producer - what is something weird bizarre redneck but unique to our area of the southeast...next reality show?
No plays Friday
Right on!
Things I like to hear.
yeah I'll let you know once we figure out details
Well that was a fun night
damit when did the deal start. seems like it all went down overnight. ohwell $36 for 2 days is still a deal...
Gin tasting? I'm on my way! RT : How I'm prepping for today's gin tasting with : 2 Gray's Papaya dogs.
I found HER.
Why is it when you transport something by car it is called a shipment, but when you transports something by ship it's called cargo?
musicians need to be paid to play Perpetuating this idea that music isn't worth paying money to see makes this scene and its music weak
and we found it first!
Go to 59 Canal Street tonight sometime around 11pm. We'll be there partying for Miles' birthday. Bring your horns too!
Third day in a row just being able to lay out in the sun and TAN (:
auditions are just a week away! check out our website for more info: www.2ndclasscabaret.com
“: Rob makes ridiculousness so much more funnier then it already is! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>” bo! Tosh.O is where it's at
Good first game back #NBA. Can't wait for #Bulls!
Cinco de Mayo is your yearly reminder that Napoleon tried to set up a puppet regime in Mexico. Seriously.
I did though have been out of town for a few days and was waiting to get home so I could write you a decent email. tonight.
Crashing at the bedtime house... Too faded... Night twitheads
Do you overshop because it's the lesser evil?
call it "my life". It'll sell :)
Because your liberal friends insist that it's wrong to call people cunts and that those who do r misogynist.
how bout I call you after this graduation is over tonight?
fear the deer!
Got it now, whoops.
omg let's get together and watch it !!! " JANE , JANE " chill Mr. Rochester ....
I'm at the hospital. You hurt my lips....
hey i luv yo song! #get lo!
of course :)
What the fuckington
well, I didn't get a callback.... But good luck. I think they're biased against rock singers...
Got 6 pounds of coffee in 4 different flavors for Christmas. I think I have a problem...I don't have enough coffee pots.
Well, Bielema gets all the money for my hard work. ": Who buys?”
I prefer this tidbit of info in picture format. :P
Bumping The Sideline Story Right Now
Thanks for following us
True Shxt Mama ;* ": Oreo of course its my fav, birthday cakes good to though ;)"
Try varying your exercise routine on a regular basis. Combine cardio exercises, strength training, and fitness classes to stay interested
It is uplifting to see and here professional educators talk excitedly and knowledgeably re: effective use of new technology
loving your icon ;) haha
The FOUR month countdown begins! Exactly four more months until 2012! RETWEET this if you're excited!!!
Board shorts today!!! Water is nice & fun surf too!
Half off dinner on Mon & Tues at The Clifton Inn. SWEET TWEET Deal !!!
I can beta, if it is the very nearish future (next three weeks).
#Twitter Shout out to for the
Good morning everyone, I know today gone be pretty good. :)
response! I have kindle. So my books are with me wherever I go. Love it.
council of the rest in peace and then telling them all of the strong survive it's kind of weird...
hey you have a ford raptor right? How do you like it?
HH is 4 the dogs.. corn dogs that is. Loved sitting in the sun enjoying a dog today!
Noel Clarke (Mickey Smith in Doctor Who) came in to eat today, and I was too much of a wimp to approach him.
House on Haunted Hill, 1961...didn't SOUND scary....
Shit poping off at apt2302 oxford ms room mates are WILD. wILD.
Caved in and bought and must say its very cool to stream ANYTHING to my iPhone. Also works in the car!
The empty tomb stories for me are a parable of the resurrection not the resurrection itself.
Thank you for the re-Tweet! How are you??
Happy Easter Everyone!!! :)
Date fail. Guess his game didn't work.
4 months ago
Once again proving the value of proven strategy and implementation steps that work.
I havent been on here in ages.!!
Tonight was a bust on so many levels. *Sigh*
I can't wait til thursday!!
My inbound Chestnut Hill West turned into an outbound Trenton. Yow!!!
Taking it to the Next Level.
acting is a rich man's game
"live well. laugh often. love much"
Yay , my dad getting me a new dog tomorrow (:
Palace Cafe. 605 Canal Street. Corner of Camp st/ Chartres st. I'll see you there.
Yeah there was less than 30 people there.
. Wow you guys are hilarious!!!
Tuesday... is it weekend yet?
Having such a great time with Carla, Sarah, Elissa, Rachel, Jenny, Erin and her boyfriend Phil at my house - swimming & grilling burgers :)
Word Nerd-liness for the day: Entomophagy is the practice of eating insects.
Here's what I'm getting from that: "I want to call all these people my 'friends' but I don't want them to expect me to act like a friend"
Ahh Spanish Grand Prix qualifying on the BBC. Excellent.
I appreciate it!
He want that cake cake cake cake cake cake cake hahahaha
yeaaahh finallyy!!! Can't wait for you to perform :D'
I wonder how old Shabazz Muhammed is?
Traveling to #Disney with #food allergies tomorrow Any last second tips?
are you in Pittsburgh ?
Following yourself now, Matt? Sounds desperate.
is playing in Austin on 3/29. YES :D
I see that I'm still on your mind since you still tweet about me. Resentfulness is
like The China Study
Last day of skool is Friday I cnt wait!!!!:D
I LOVE THAT SONG(:
: So jealous! Have fun and say hi to the stache for me!
I just feel alive .
yeah bro ik. Where you go now?
Sometimes we have to lie..
MT : . "library test kitchen" = design+fabrication+provocation (amazing renderings of poss. library spaces)
I have two weeks to find a place to live! In getting anxious!
just plenty of drugs and alchohol.
"I didn't expect this." Really? has he not been watching the show that came before special effects?
I'm lucky if i can get 3in a day out of a lot of singers. Guess I just work with the wrong people.
40% of my followers are people and bands I don't know, 40% are bots posing as porn stars, and the final 20% are actually people I know :P
Now they tell us... RT : Don't cause your customers pain.
Thanks for following back:)
Optioned one of my spec screenplays! More info on IMDB...
a drink created in puerto rico (meaning strained pineapple in spanish: piña, pineapple + colada, strained) - wiki
-I do this daily at the junior high. Just want to make it better.
I figured. Otherwise I was going to have to fly down there and knock you around a little. Hope you're well!
that's being HUMAN. 90% of what a person says doesn't come out of their mouth. Trust
Thanks for the reminder, David. Great AR use by National Geo....ps.I miss Holland!
may I have it now? :)
Let's party!!! Heading over in 20 min. We start at 6.
So ready to graduate Friday! :) Let's go #ClassOf2012! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
“: Predictions. Let'r rip. #packers #giants” im a Packer fan but im goin G-men over Pack 34-28
It was a bad idea haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> duh lol.
I've been well. Wrapping up work on the project soon -- last day is this Friday. Looking for jobs here in Chitown
I can't decide who I'm in love with more: Mila Kunis or
Stupidity is on the rise just as sharply as obesity, so thinking our way out of the problem might not be the way to go..
awesome congrats you're almost there
Everyone you meet comes with baggage. Find someone who loves you enough to help you unpack.
Information overload. Or coffee overload. Or both.
I want to text someone fun,,, but who? Hahaa
<<< follow my barbie girl. She's so cute n amazing
WOW! OMG! THAT'S HOT!
Nashville bound!
UM starting to slack on your text of the day
I had one of those today watching E run around the house I grew up in.
Thanks for the RTs this week!
I think it's safe to say, I'm obsessed with
If I had all the money in the world I would so live in Topshop (y)
"It's the little things that make the big things possible." -J. Willard Marriot
I saw a sneak preview of "The Pitch" on AMC last night—more proof that the days of the large/mid-size advertising agency are numbered.
Just got my meat CSA from Country Haven Farms this afternoon at
WOW what a great day Pancakes with the Kids & the sun is out & God is in control. What more can a man ask for?
We takin off. No doubt we makin the dream a reality my brotha!
how old are you? :)
just a 100 yrs ago... Titanic happened. :o
Make no bones about it: Strong bodies require the proper building blocks, the ...: DiMarzo has osteopenia, a precursor to osteoporosi...
Damn Whitney... :(
NH Bill Allows Businesses To Refuse To Serve Gays.... what the fuck.
WOW-Baltimore Real Estate Investors Association- $1 DOLLAR "TEST DRIVE" tiny.cc/one-dollar-test-drive
our fearless leader made us and about 500 others cry beautiful tears tonight event. once in a lifetime event
I get a surprising amount of joy from not having BlackBoard in my most visited websites list.
The LIVES of the PEOPLE are not the first priority for MITT ROMNEY. RED FLAG PEOPLE! MITT ROMNEY'S father was for CIVIL RIGHTS and ERA.
back in Boston and getting and easing back in nicely with my down jacket
Thanks!!! God Luck.. Lee
Thanks for following girls :D xoxo
Seriously, The College Game Day crew is the shittiest, least funny combination of sports analysts around ESPN! How are they still on?
he is back
Buchanan on LA's trip to specialist in Vail: "Hopefully they don't find anything, but you have to be prepared for anything at this point."
So you're saying you have a couple weeks off?
Yes, LEE 154 covers material not covered in 131.
"The conundrum presented by popularity is that it has the power to shame music into being uncool."
we are sad you are going but know its for the best!
Ms. Huggins class<<<
Wednesday ladies?
Bwahahaha! I LOVE that idea. I am going to have to try that one the next time she asks to watch Dora.
oh glory saturday...thank god is saturday....xD have a wonderfull day!!
More: "The pervasive values, interests and attitudes of a society and the business structure resulting therefrom constitute a causal forces"
It's not ambiguous to be continuous
Well, Happy Birthday Make a wish today? :)
Well this Raw sucks, so instead I'm watching old ECW vids on YouTube.
RT : Its also important that each woman 1) knows she HAS options 2) understands risks/benefits 3) puts ending the cancer FIRST.
I know, but I look whiter :o
St. Olaf, UWGB, Carthage, Austin, Michigan, St. Norbert, & a few other schools -hope I'm not missing many-it's going to be fun!
teach me haha
Already SO over all of this studying!
It is our Faith that releases God's GRACE
Thx for "TwEat"ing! Good luck :)
Honored to preach for Ps Mandey in Jakarta today-great church-great service-preparing now for 2 services with Ps Niko's son Billy.
haha. Do you say no?
We are back in town after heading down to east cost of Florida for a show. Good times!! Now back to work. :)
you're still a chihuahua!
good job texting me!
Need to dig deep for energy only bcus its party rock tonight
Little bit of delay isn't going to slow us down! Let's go BULLS!
BALLGAME OVER #Yankees WIN!!!!!!! THE #Yankees WIN!!!!!!
Brother for a cocktail and wings tonight?
I totally gaped on that! Stayed with friends in Northridge.
Money dont got legs but yet im still chasin paper
DAMN I NEED A FUCKIN DRINK
In the studio
Time to get it": Been through it all the ups and the falls/ moms working graveyard tryna keep me out the graveyard"
Night out of the ordinary in the OP with out of the ordinary gals! #classysportycool . Mmmhmm
poor Kat Williams too!
#Bacon fat works great in #chocolate chip cookies, too --
that's true. You are very right.
#HCG P2 Tip of the Week! Bored w/ drinks? Use PLAIN carbonated water w/ stevia, like Berry, Valencia Orange, Root Beer Stevia!
Thanks - But isn't it "Biurthdauy" where you're froum? RT: An early (European) Happy Birthday to... &
Would LOVE to - can only imagine how inspiring it is being around the Dr. himself!
I almost didn't recognize you! The new look is fantastic, so bright and cheery.
Just woke up.
were did u get pic of micheal jordan with stacks playn cards use to be ur avi i want dat pic
i just showed my mom the pic. #dope making me seriously hungry again. ha ha
let you hear it. See if we can make some magic. I need a mixtape to be out.
You are a ninja, but your laptop battery isn't. Take care of it to have longer last time.
Thanks Phil! Will keep an eye for the date!
Just b/c you apologized doesn't mean I have to be your friend.Its not a grudge, it's angry and disappointed.So shut your mouth #yougrowup!
"Just slap your labia repeatedly for the duration of the song." -'s Choreographer
I'm reminded that Wordpress Broken Link Checker Plugin is my best friend.
Yes--You log in with your existing account, then enter your .edu address on the sign-up page.
Stanford is playing the Stanford-of-the-East (Cleveland State) on ESPN2 right now.
I wonder if Ashlee went to practice...
pdx that bad huh??
#ff & my newest follower which i happen to love follow all these amazing peeps!
actually you are probably getting more Cretaceous than Medieval.
. A friend may move to DC for the next 3 months. Do either of you have advice on finding lodgings? Thanks so much!
didn't hear anything re: Foursquare. Did you?
Well I know you're design work well now for many years. You are trying at least to be a true artist. Look at Andy Warhol.
via Gus Whalen - "Forgiveness is letting go of the hope for a better past."
Wine tasting tomorrow after the Gibsons party......can't wait.
that's kinda how I felt at first but you eventually catch on quick.
you're a loser.
I had to look at this hoe twice, I was like who he telling I'm at their front door? switch o's on goonz
so your going right????
roger that!
meet me @ da bus stop bioootch after school obv
Glad to see you're a Downton fan. Perhaps my husband will watch it with me now.
u r following like 6 people so how can you judge lol
Not gonna lie, I'd rather have drawn the Bulls too, but especially now...
What do you guys think .. Do the Colts win a game this year or actually end up with the hard to reach 0-16 record???
Champagne & Chickenheadz Bang it!
To add to my frustration, computer delays helped me to obtain a parking ticket @%#&$?!!!! (no comments necessary)
I just remembered someone said "What's an African name?" and said "Eddie Murphy?" and some girl called her racist lol
thanks for the heads up. We will look in to it ASAP.
Your starting to become one of my favorite sports writers...
“Music is what feelings sound like.”
Got one already, thank you!
RT What's left from sale is now free and up for grabs. I have a feeling there are a lot for "free" boxes around CV.
Missing Indiana: I may miss hearing the Hoosier Ag Today Report each morning.
follow me
I love u in your glasses!:)
congrats on the hype from !
Don't waste electricity. How would you like it if I turned you on and walked away.
fucking hate my lit assignment
Congrats! You totally deserve to be FOTM! I'm so happy for you! <33
dude no way it sucks all the time lol
Just got back from driving in that crazy rain near the Milwaukee airport. Downpour.
I know.. ima be surround by people I don't know >.<
The pangs of depression and self-doubt are what I enjoy most about writing.
LISTEN UP. This is a BIG DEAL. Kay? You just don't understand our fangirlism.
It's the only way to go! I just wish more places were dog-friendly!!! ;-)
Wakin up not next to my man i miss him :( and his mom i had fun and enjoyed their company... Now im bk hme bored outta my mind smh
FUCK THAT. RT : That's how you get things done: respect. You might disagree, but don't disrepect.
how was social D???
dont try that shit. I read the first two slides and took a nap.
...Be courageous enough to follow your path of self discovery. You may like what you findout about yourself; if not you can change it!
Happy Birthday To my man Tom Brady...The man the myth the legend...
Today's game is not gonna help Knicks Heat relations.
Web414 is looking forward to talking to the Web Design class at tonight!
Statistic I heard yesterday: 50,000 law school graduates nationwide this yr, only 10,000 jobs for them. Can this be true?
I thought DREAMers keep their legal residency status after they graduate/leave military. Weird if they don't.
#YouCuteAndAllBut you decide to fuck every girl you see you stupid dumbfuck
#games Best Pc Computer Games
No mere idea, I say; a brilliant one. Alas, no MW for me this year--too many other conferences on top. But next year, I hope!
Juliana Force was Gertrude V. Whitney's personal secretary & eventually became 's 1st director
We do what we can.
going to six flags great adventure tomorrow. i hope it's not crowded. - eugene
Can't wait!
I have a headache.....
Nice to see the Rangers keeping Kreider in the lineup despite Hagelin's return
If you show up 25 minutes late to a final exam you shouldnt get a chance to take it
Family Dinner is rockin' a set down tonight. Get thur @ 9 pm to see my bros & I
and greetings from her , I told her what you said <3 and I should give you a big kiss : D <U+2665><U+2665>
Your studying face is so cute
My client United Through Reading is scheduled for NBC Nightly News With Brian Williams Friday. Their producers and reporters are awesome!
People always asking why do dark people get tattoos?..shit cuz we can
Diary queen with my daddy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
life can be hard ..if u allow it to be!!`
The true forgotten man on Uk has been Lamb all year long. Not so much tonight. See what a hair cut does for you.
what just happened...I got down on one knee and you punched me in the face?
It has fake paprika and everything!
Let us know what you would like to see in a best in class villa rental website?
And curling!
Should be fine. I've had to change what I'm doing (and scale back my ambition), but I'll be able to post by tonight.
I wonder what the average active lifespan is of a personal blog? Mine has been on its last legs for quite a while.
How u been mami? :-)
lol you could have told me ;D jk
I am doing nada today total chill mode besides my body is aching I need a massage
I know!
invited dress tonight! I'm looking forward to the time in Robert Ead's backyard.
wow no wait! cheated! Had two goals that should of been called offsides!! BS game!
Who is Chulk?
thanks for the rt. hopefully more to follow
A large percentage of potential home buyers decide whether or not to look inside a house based on its outdoor appearance
Day Two TLG starts with Joel Kotkin keynote on the Evolution of Urban Life
"Jonah if you dressed more like a guy blahblah..." excuse me? I'm wearing jeans and a tshirt idgi. smmfh.
Why are press checks so fun?
where is tonight's event?
Yo you was performin this swagg ass track at club TRU this thurs...sum like Pull up in dat "White Ghost"..
Make today worth remembering
Y'all don't understand I'm already on the job forreal.
Feel like i should be in vegas #acm next year?
Ok, Ditto's, Modesto...Do me PROUD!
At least they knew enough not to toss their Margarita.
ah mine does that! when it goes back on it'll be low battery, its so annoying
I know how to fishtail braid :)
thanks Joel, sounds like a REALLY productive day! Love it!
Sharks are born swimming...
lmao! Dork. I think 1. You're a teenage schoolgirl trapped in a gay mans body and 2. You kinda miss me.
1 in 4 65 & older use If you're going 2 start using social media, use !
“: They blur they self cause they ugly <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : how do people avi's come out blurry :/” lmfao never trust them
OKC could have won by 50 Lakernation RIP @ what goes around comes around
Thank you, and thank you for joining us!
People forget #marksanchez is 23. #joeflacco and #mattryan skewed the learning curve for rookie qbs. Sanchez will be perennial all-pro
I just feel like, if your opinion was not asked for, do NOT state it.
uhg i hate it when twitter tells me cannot retrieve tweets at this moment forcking twitter <U+2570>_<U+256F>
Sitting at OPSC watching son's practice. Wishing I was at Swope watching #SKC Reserves instead. Go #SportingKC!
Joan Rivers don't play
I may have to. Getting ready for the soccer match now.
It's gonna bring you down! HOOWAH!
Boom game 1 to the Os, let's get this 2nd one too
physics/chem shit is always a huge pain to code and debug :/ good luck man
I just became the mayor of virginia mason on !
Seriously, do the police not have anything better to do on a Thursday at 11pm besides run radar? I went the speed limit the whole time. -_-
Once again, my life has spun completely out of control.
FOLLOW ME ILOVEU ANSWER!
if i don't answer my phone .. it's probably cause i am dancing to the ring tone
That certain follower should dm me. Just sayin
I'm swamped over here, but it would be a great time to get that weekly blog post going for Gilman. Free for a call soon?
Aww thanks uRT : all day babi, ya know. most damn sure hit up my cougar the queen of the cougars
Episode 1 of new webseries written. Onto planning stages of filming. Can't wait!
When you’re searching, you’re looking away from that which you already are – you’re already whole and complete.
have a great time!
shut up u got one
I was at Opening Day. Would love to snag a bobblehead tomorrow, but I'm not sure I'll make it. I'll let you know if I go.
lol, i coulda swore that's what your assertions are as well.
12-5-84 Brad Armstrong wins NA title from Big Cat Ernie Ladd in #Shreveport ending Ladd's final title reign
“: Happy birthday to my Fg brother ” right on... Love you lil big bra.
Learn how to start a business blog and leverage the blogosphere to generate more traffic, leads, and sales
Good morning sexy :3 lol I'm bored
last night was more than double that “: The average person wakes up about 6 times every night.”
That was hit and run in 11th.. South Carolina is fearless!
En route to witness get his hardware!
how cool would it B 2 have 3 national basketball champs from this great bball state of KY GO CATS join Pikeville & Bellarmine!!!
Got my first buzz cut of the season! I had 5 beers then tripped getting off the barstool and now I've got a sweet gash across my forehead.
Did you notice it was snowing this time?
Jeremy stick with it. If this is ur first time, you start feeling better around week 4. Worth the pain
I can't stop the war shelter homeless feed the poor I can't walk on water I can't save ur son or daughter I can't change the world
Zito just pitched a complete game shutout at Coors Field. So there's that.
so much for that
you, my friend, are old. Being a dad and whatnot.
Studying?-.-" kill me now?
WKA world champs kicks off today! On our way to the venue
I know I am! <3 thanks!
Interesting dinner at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Old Town last night! Loved the old venue, piano & gorgeous outdoor space. Food not so much.
Damnit! Your vacation is so cool! Ah! Drink a Hemingway for me, whatever that may be (I don't think he was choosey...)
I love the feeling of getting things done
I need my own space and my own car
Can't wait to dress up as a crusty ass old geezer tomorrow
Reach for the Stars so if you Fall, you land on the Clouds
Happy Birthday to our intern Ashleigh!
when are you gonna follow up "green and yellow" 16-0? 19-0?
thanks Pope, UR the best! Miss you seeing u bro! Hope all is well in your world.
Ernie doesnt know what an ipod and headphones are
I may need to sit further away from the windows. This lightning storm is blinding!
so glad to see on here! miracles happen in that hospital as i had a chance to see for myself last summer.
National, networked platforms like the YMCA can be more strategically used to take an idea from local to national and have an impact...
I respect both #marvel and #dc my favorite super hero is from dc but marvels story lines/comics are better..
Love Pinterest, but it may just be the Chick Flick of social media...takes that special guy to really get into it.
Feeling super special on my Twitter 5-year anniversary today. Wondering if I'll make it a decade?
I agree w/Jimenez that plunking is part of game. However, throwing your glove down and heading towards the hitter isn't. Looks intentional.
How I hate to peel eggs. No shortcuts - peeled 48 today!
what are we wearing to school today
uh..are these yours??!
Looking to tour in #philadelphia on the 10th. Anybody have any suggestions for things to see?
"I used to be Snow White then I drifted" Mae West
tried to work out TWICE today....and was foiled BOTH times!! UGH.
don't stop, get it get it.
Time to reach back like a pimp and slap a ho.
I officially let go of tumultuous relationships and am entering into more loving ones.
Good luck to my bae!
Don’t question GOD. As he may say, if you are so eager for answers, then please come up.
Ehmmm the sitter
happy birthday(:
Thank you for being a father I never had. Your a great example of a black men!
made pumpkin chocolate chip pancakes today. It is a good day.
Mission accomplished.
TELL THAT TO PEOPLE IN MAINE
Grades for #masc4213 are posted. Please email me if you have questions. You guys rocked your final exams! I loved having you in class!
wow, never would have thought i'd miss you, but i do.. and wonder if you miss me too.
The bird watchers are in full effect in Central Park - Woody Allen should do a movie based on this cult of voyeurs
Your approval not desired nor required!
Diva -- ! Thanks so much for the boost on KLOUT!!
thats a big ass fact tho and most niggas dont even think like that. Cause i sure dont man i really dont. money was nothing to me
I got the perfect gift <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
It's summer in winter!
Try To Take It Seriously Nothing will come out of it
how about the Buffaleap for the jump into tge stands
Holidays will be here soon! SpaME gift cards are sounding like a relaxing idea huh? :)
r u going to get some Beckham branded underwear?
Oh HELL YEAH! :D
Don't try calling the office. The music is playing so loud we probably won't be able to hear you.
Hehe yes stop watchin live stream and get here! RT Oh yes, I do hear at #SMWMiami. Hola !! XO
“ Less than 24 hours till tailgating and couch-burning...”
I need sleep now.
This is my favorite episode of Raising Hope.
According to a recent ExecuNet poll the healthcare sector will reveal the greatest growth in management hiring over the next six months.
Rob Deer was removed from today's game due to a slight thigh strain as a precaution.
Gonna be nice to get under the warm covers of our bed here in a few. Maybe I'll finally get warm. lol Brrrrrrr........again. ;-)
been to AFrame yet? Any recommendations??
Helping the kids with there homework
Jesus just landed in the east coast. Hallelujah!!.
Weather update: Mostly sunny high of 75/ low of 48
haha well I am a big giroux fan...
Had a good night with my dawgs
thanks for the virus that caused me to close my store and lose 6 hours of business today. Not to mention the repair bill. Thanks!
Please pray for the families who lost loved ones and / or property in the wake of the tornadoes that swept through IN, KY & OH yesterday.
guess we're both going to work tomorrow!
I could stay up and annotate My Antonia or I could go to bed at a normal time for once
every time i hear a siren these days i wait for a bass drop
Having an early night myself, but ya'll enjoy! RT : Live music w tonight. $5 Grey Goose Cocktail. Roof open/patio open.
how's it going
I'm alright, a bit cold, though. -laughs softly- How are you, Jayden?
hahaha it's just a weird thing to see, especially having known her for so long as andy's gf
No, alas. But it'll be on the top of my to-do list after I win the lottery.
are you the mayor?
What's everyone having for dinner #CLE? Log onto www.delivermefood.com to have your favorite restaurant delivered.
this is my favorite tweet by you ever. See ya Saturday!
Happy Friday! Too bad I'm broke and can't do anything, damnit!
I would be upset too
Come on you got to make that shot !!!
First physic reading ever today. Not really a believer. Told her nothing so I could call her bluff. She knew everything. Still in shock.
I still have an honest to FSM working 486. But I have no landline to dial out. :(
THANK YOU for making SET THE NIGHT ON FIRE your pick of the day! Smiling here...
Two more days.... two more days....
I don't even know why I get so hyped up about seeing you
Hi doll. I am great and u? Im just chillin. I got to see Marilyn Manson Fri in Dallas...Was a dream....thanks for the add.
I love this Hollywood weather...... No other city can compare
OMFG I KNOW. THAT WAS CRAZY
feeding the fire
So this isn't as much of an orgasmic moment as I'd expected it to be. Well hey there Twitter.
Travel day back home after a fantastic tour!
I don't have a Kindle, but I'm pretty sure I've seen Twitter posts directly from Kindles too ...
Nice! lets hope historians read article and are convinced. Just returned from conference where almost no one tweeted!
You play with fire, you get burned, and Amare don't worry that fire extinguisher you were reaching for earlier won't put out the HEAT.
And that just happened.
geting ready to go to kayla graduation
Playing an old school #Hiphop set! They tipped well! #DJ #YOLO!!!
It's been awhile since we texted. How u been?
tonight's SATC rerun: the girls go to staten island and carrie meets a politician
i'm a little tired of my plans never working out..
Your personal relationships effect how much energy you have to create for your business. Is there anything you need to clean up?
Life is not worth living unless it is lived for others.
How many more do you need to meet your goal for Christmas?
After 20 years of considering, sounds like Obama's position has "evolved" and he's now Pro-Mom. Good for you buddy.
Single sucks. Period.
followed back!
Taco Reyes and then Capoeira.
Sad to hear of the passing of R.W. Schambach. What a legend of the faith- 85 years of passion.
So Head Bartender Brian is pretty hot AND makes a mean cocktail.
I be slackin.... I apologize :/
Be nice to see what Billy Beane could do with money to work with.
Tigers Tigers Baseball team fighting for that pennant dream
What will be the next #DaresClub malady?
and I text right back right?
I WOULD LOVE FOR U TO SHOW SOME LOVE TELL TWITTER WORLD TO ADD DASTREETZMUSIC THAT WOULD BE MUCH LOVE
Gimme that booze you little pumpkin pie haircutted freak
I can't even believe how famous 1d are...remember when no one was at the hotel lololol still haven't met them since :((
Iron Man 3 Will Shoot Partly In China This Summer As part of Chinese co-production deal.
ugh. weird. i wonder what happened.
>> LETS DO THIS! RT : What it do!? Ready to make this YEAR successful!
I'm gonna go to bed now, Goodnite Tweeters.
nice - i have this playing at work right now. RT : matt pond's "emblems" 2xLP for $10? oh yes. this record rules.
pepperonis on pepperonis fat stacks
So should invite me to swim right now *cough cough* (:
I think its funny how some people waste their lives on twitter.
yes, you?
Private classes are available now
Working all the way up until the final dress of #CHILDREN at the Beckett Theatre tonight. And we're still having fun too!
L<U+2665>VE IS ABOUT TRUST
idk why everyone feels free to hate on nicki minaj like at least she's relevant ok
Thunder are prone to giving up leads, but Lakers will need to slow it down and get better possessions
Christmas is nearing! Have you finished your shopping yet? We have the PERFECT gift! A new Truck or car! Come on in or visit www.freedomfre…
Girls just wanna have fun. Me just wanna meet Austin (:
Those in our generation = 1/3 of ALL the #LDSMissionaries who have served in this dispensation! Proud to have been one of them.
Why are plastic bears the only animal you can get honey from? Why can't you get honey from a plastic bee?
I think you're either being intentionally obtuse, or you're part of a disinformation campaign
After a shooting spree, they always want to take the guns away from the people who didn't do it. (cont)
Me: Wanna have a 4pm dance party in the office? Coworker: No, I wanna punch someone in the face
Psychiatist says one or more of San Diego's problem police officers likely have RX drug/alcohol/addiction/depression issues
Today I saw a thing about a dog who has his own service dog.
I guess if we are meant to be, distance wont get the best of us.. If not. Well, ill never be the same.
and don't forget to add that the defense scored two tds.......
hi Ariana!!! If I said I couldn't live without you, would you Tweet me?? ;)
also worth noting, Bryan and the Aardvarks' debut CD, w/ Fabian, Bryan Copeland, Joe Nero, and someone on vibes
got me fucked up and ready to fire ur asx and hire a new nigga that can fit the job description!!!!! WELL
Congrats to Pedie, Ells and Gonzo #gold glove winners
We have a working well pump again. Hooray!!!
Babysitting.. Hopefully the power doesn't go out again ! Lol ;p
What the hell am i gonna do -__-
Catch & Release: The cocktail brew of nonprofit development in the 1970s is coming to fruition now in leadership transition.
well you do know an Ariana Grande...
I know, I'm sorry guys :( at least I get to see you both tomorrow!
You will get some more Capri sun!
Bummed that thinks I'm a hipster. He says it's because I listen to NPR. I think it's because I'm eating beef jerky.
what a great win for Columbus!
I hate when people be texting when im on tha phone with them , Like fuck niggah I don't wanna hear all these beeps -.-
Hi Josele - thanks for the #FF :)
haha nice. Did you see that guy turn himself into a human target? Idiot -.-
think I will try it tomorrow . I'll be the one with the broken finger.....Melrose is like 5 min from office
Good morning! #TimeManagement Tip 2: Tackle those daunting tasks right away. Get them out of the way so you can do bigger, better work!
I interviewed with his group at $FNM in '01. Kind of glad I didn't wind up there
professors house is a treat
Can i please get a follow back<33??
I give up. Something is causing my door not to close. I'm probably going to get killed standing outside. I JUST WANT TO GET HOME SAFE.
Great win tonight! It's good to see Koufos getting some minutes
new to twiter..... dam i think this is dumb seriously >.< y did i get this>
Pretty accurate.. RT : Hit three. Play defense. Hit another three. Play defense. Pick-and-roll-lay-in. Repeat.
Gated subdivision, wit security- budget
Sunday, April 14th, 1935, mid-afternoon: A monstrous black dust cloud quickly forms over southwest Kansas.
Thanks to , and for a great day today to promote Chevrolet Detroit Belle Isle Grand Prix.
Canvassing in Milwaukee. Just got a new email address from Joyce who's telling all her friends how to #OwnYourVote and wants to get involved
Disappointed left and right these days? Happy Birthday to me, sad sad sad
13 guys played for the Celtics tonight. I didn't know that was allowed
J.Noble must spend every waking moment analyzing his #Fringe scripts. It's obvious in the detailed choices he makes for Walter vs Walternate
Thank you for watching it Suzanne! I'll be uploading my most recent work soon :)
Futuristic handgun, if you act foul you get two shots, and1. I'm at your face like Lancôme, you niggas softer than Roseanne's son.
Storm JUST passed over Saint Francis, dumped some pea sized hail
Happy Wednesday from the American Botanical Council!
A #taurus female is an introvert who is deeply sensual, with considerable moral and emotional courage. She has a practical approach.
get your filthy pirate hands off my coffee!
Congratulations to our client North Central Health Care for achieving the highest rated nursing home designation by US News & World Report
T-minus 6 days until the 2012 Calendar Debut Event! Who do you think is on the cover?
yeah I do. Don't you remember how hard I tried to get you that way? Lol
Don't give up what you're already doing - you'll be a better employee says of
drunk on warm boxed wine and over soyed day old Chinese food while watching Lucy reruns in his underwear?
today is just not my day!
Follow For A Shoutout
Sweater puppets
Just tapped, Brewing Imperial IPA (replaces Brewing Bigfoot Barley Wine Ale)
Watching ABDC, time to see my husband break it down!
God I LOVE wrestling, the one true place where Broadway meets Sports, meets rock concert.
I know! For some reason Twitter won't let me send... emailing now.
Lots of good things happening. Haven't been on in a while!
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. ~William Shakespeare
New advances in medical science are providing us great insights to the aging process. Aging is a Treatable Disease
Which part? From a typographic perspective?
at first lunch! Ahaha.
ate a bag of grapes in less than 24 hours, success (:
Now that I actually get trending and that shit twitters not as annoying as I thought some of you are still out of hand though
Thanks, good sir! Ask, and I shall answer. My favorite color is Blue, and my quest is to find the Holy Grail. Next?
Sometimes life is so perfectly random you know it really isn't at all.
Just realized I had a dream I was friends with Dwight D. Eisenhower. That used to be Christian Slater.
I'm so tired......ain't im always tired tho? Lol im gettin lazy <U+E105>
kinda missed twitter a lil bit
I remember that "next phase" phew!
Only Girl is Rihanna girlfriend
sexiest man alive chuck norris
the house just got deeper. i just finished hooking up my surround sound stereo. uh huh.
As opposed to, "I apologize if anyone was offended"? Yes.
#HowToMakeItInAmerica Open a bank, give poor people million $ houses, then when they can't pay, demand the gov give you 800 billion.
TGIF!!!!!!!! Treat yourself to one of our famous margaritas, like our Passion Por Favor!!!!!!!
Hey! I think I got there just as you were leaving. Bob had a work thing and I tagged along.
Happy 7th birthday !!
RIP Dick Clark. Glad I had the opportunity to meet him once.
Merry Christmas!!!
hardaways was lowest and quickest. Stevie and AI had deception. All tiny dudes tho. Which bigger player could pull it off best?
#QuoteoftheDay “Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.” -George Herman "Babe" Ruth
I remember that debacle.
jumping over couches and giving me fashion advice. just another day in the office with these dudes.
Very cool!
The Truth. The Truth. It was all about the Truth, Bob Woodward quotes his legendary editor Ben Bradlee on #Watergate @
“: Overheard as two jedi knights walked by: "oh...you guys are dressed as virgins!"” awesome
Still praying that she pulls thru.
Don't ever change :)
acting is go be so much fun when I get to la. I cud be on a train, or plane, in a club, skydiving, car racing, in a mansion
Cleveland City Repping...
Car show and drowning pool memorial day weekend
Growing up with your friends an becoming the one that made it >>>
To my new followers
Game 6 in Boston Go Hawks Go Atlanta
Knicks got me tight right now
There is no way you can live by faith and not have trials. But just know that you have the victory and that you already have won!!
Nothing better than a sing along with my mom! <3
Sounds delicious! We're so glad you enjoyed it. What's on your agenda today?
I really happy that came out with a show i love theme so much
FBI spokesperson: Initial tests on white powder in envelope sent to federal building on 7th in downtown Anchorage show "negative" for toxins
Little teenage girl wearing short shorts a sweater a scarf and ugg boots, i think you got the season confused....
Happy Labor Day! We love your blog and would love2 connect and maybe get you some samples #zapcash pls check out r site
We are seeing alot of people upside soen in thier homes...contact me there is help and there are investors
takes a brave man! Hope y'all are loving Spain. cc
i mean that he isnt worth Top 5 QB money. Top 5 QB's all have AT LEAST 1 ring, if not more. Rings = more $$$. He's not top 5 IMO
I want this weather to last, no more fucking rain.
Paper over pussy nuthin above it...
happy birthday ! hope you're having a great day babe <3 <3
Resting today..energy is low. Looked at the news shows this morning and we have a lot of work to do in our country.
My nights just getting started. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Taking Averie to see the cherry blossoms today!
Thanks for the FF S/O! How is your week so far?!
does anyone know if there are extant drafts/manuscripts of Barthes' S/Z? I've never been more intrigued by a book's composition
Who Knows 1? I know one!
I wanna love you, but somethings pulling me away from you.... #ladygaga <3
Remember, THE HONOR SYSTEM?! ( the band ). watching the michigan fest DVD does that.
OHH OK , well yeah im still working both of those out :D
Thanks for Tweeting about us!
Listening to neon preservation specialist Will Durham with - love the Nevada Club neon cowboy.
Nothing wrong with "buying" a title.
Let it burn
Good times you & the wife have a good night.
More dj' ing and singing than writing... lol
I would start off with 3 days a week
Merry Christmas to you too homie and everyone else & a crazy 2012!
DON'T believe the rumors about the Six Forks Fuhgeddaboudit Being closed, changing name to Camos Brothers Pizza...NOW BETTER THAN EVER!
Each of our 6 high schools provide a “small school” environment with caring, dedicated teachers.. Which of our High Schools do you go to?
Get your name off of my TL
Shitty standards for massive claims is not the way to find out what's going on. It's a solid way to be mislead by bull shit.
Working on some international projects at work and changing diapers at home. LOL
u know I always ppreciate your insight. I'm here at work buggin out mentally. What's going on with u
Mentally and physically exhausted. :-( gotta keep going...
2012 Miami Dolphins Draft Picks: Fan Reaction - YAHOO! Found on Bing
Boys lacrosse: Canby looks for its second straight upset when it hosts state powerhouse Lakeridge right now at Canby HS
T.r.u.s.t Aint nuffn ta fuck wit!
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers !!7
also he's wearing a turtle neck <U+FF61><U+25D5><U+203F><U+25D5><U+FF61>
Thank you. Have a great day
Hey, have y'all thought about making razors?
I'm in the mood 4 sum cereal.... Homey but Cheerios here I come!!! Haha lol
Damn its hard to hoop when you're drunk wut da fuk
umbrella idea
tear it up Brad. #climbing out the hole
hey follow back ? :)
Did you know that just 9.6% of child care centers are accredited? We work to ensure every child has access to quality child care....
Cant believe the call? I cant believe this minute of basketball has dragged on so long. I'm almost passing out. Sttoooopppppppp
ye snookis on tumblr now, but she's already been in with the hipsters
Lol one day is gonna tweet me, & I'm just gonna die.
thanks, new gig is interesting. Chicago (and this weather) is outstanding.
is always my fault and I never do anything right what's the point of me being on the earth for..
I've none that since yesterday. That's why I picked up Lahair with the Cubs.
i cant help it. IT WAS SO FUNNY.
So Harlan armed? I see you!
oh ok i thougt she wrote u in spanish
Good-Bye July- What are you guys most looking forward to in August?
Happy 17th of May!
ah hey austin..i just made this twitter. hope u dont mind (; Woof
i am loving it
At Last!!! We may now Rest In Peace... RParker Jr claims the 2009 to be the BEST vintage he has ever tasted in 33 years of wine du Monde!
weres my followers at people
#np doing it wrong -
need to take advantage of sims on the bench...
What would be the rules for "how to make a Tim Burton movie?"
Just downloaded a "virtual fireplace" app. Excited to put on tunes, sit down w/ some hot chocolate, and watch it crackle! #happyholidays !
Put the
weird ass fucking old people..
your pastry accessories have been sent out today!!!!!!!!!
Not always the case, but smart! Why someone would post a listing without a picture is beyond me...
#SAYSOMETHIN NEEDS TO HIT ITUNES REAL FAST... Before my phone bill go's up with all the YouTube usage ! #nojoke <U+E011>
Watching on QVC.
-I'm the type of girl that will have you not worry about my looks but my amazing personality ;)
no the one behind that had to push the broken train. Now we had to switch trains. Getting to central now
You can't spell "mediate" without "team".
Time for the Xtamina Energy Drick Girls to hit the streets of ATL to crash the BET Music Awards with the best energy drinks in the world!!
awww thank you! and um clearly I don't know anything about these things either. but I will take pics as (hopefully) more come!
DJ: Have I mentioned that Leach is a monster?
I can't imagine anything worse. Is everything okay?
Thanks for following, your bio is very cryptic we're looking forward to seeing what you're up to!
I fucking do this. All the time. RT : I like to put on high heels and prance around my room pretending I'm tall.
how many times is groupon going to reneg on their IPO ???
Good night my Tweets and Fbs!
OK, Ducks. Let's do this.
aawhh, stupid butt computer ! :0 well.. That's a good thing haha.
you should give shack crap for being a coward and not responding to me.
I'm not gonna be that guy who says you're 2 fat 2 play basketball w/us. We just honestly like having an odd number of players.
I am great! How's it going?
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>Because ur the best an give really good tweets i would freakin die if he followed me omg i would do anything<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
ah, good to know. thanks
happy thursday to you lola
#Herzliyaconf Chubin: we should stop the apocalyptical chatter. Occupation has sullied the cause. (Thinks - can they *disinvent* a bomb?)
naw datz a classy bad bitch id fuk her till da end of tyme -SELF'MADE
There is never a dull moment in Polk County. This is getting ridiculous.
my stomach always hurts :\
things just never go the way you want . .
hey what up
what time? and what about thursdays?
Why can't football juststart now?
I concede, Rush has made more sexist comments than Ed. And Hitler made more anti semitic comments than Ahadinejad. Big deal!
It's actually nudge theory to try and encourage proper use of grammar.
Site will be down as we upgrade to v0.3 - the upgrade includes a mobile optimized version of socialistr.com - we can't wait to show it to u
Having TWO lefty pitchers in the bullpen would help a lot, since most teams have more than one left hitter...
late night twitter tlk anyone?;))
#thoughtsduringschool Some pulls out gum, it's like pulling out crack at a rehab center.
I definitely will!
My stomach is in knots. 1 hour until Game 7.
we'll send it along shortly! :)
Wiz on the Fire
Haha! I haven't! Surprise though, that the shock n' delight continues in the office
#NowWatching: Howard The Duck
That would of been funny if you did!
Blog The local time in Dissent Costa the armed robbery to the gasoline Of shell :-)
Bacon shortbread with smoked sugar just came out of the oven! Want one?? Getch yr self over here then.
Have to find some of my study photos, for the next set? I know they are here somewhere in my computer...
My co-workers are very dangerous people. See to it that you do not upset them in any way.
RT : The worst gift you could get a Browns fan would probably be Browns gear.
The only thing that would make my daughter happy for her birthday is for to follow her
I won't till I get back cause I'm on vacation but I love the story even though I haven't read DS
everything ok love??
I'm a leader not a follower. Unless it's a dark scary place then the hell with that, you go first.
maybe CCBB would help - or - delete the other account
why is bonzi Wells at that camp.....he's trouble and old
now that we got it we just cant give up
On the verge of starting to stay in hotels just so I can watch "Storage Wars" on cable.
For the best places to live in Boston text me 617-800-3737
That's just pathetic. “: And it was a suited-up business man.”
I would hope if Broncos know they're out they'd be more active in free agency right now
My official announcement to the independent industry of music...We now represent 11Billion Dollars as a market place!
#ICanHonestlySay I hope and pray I get this promotion today.
Spurs Insider tonight at 6:30! Fox Sports Southwest
RT : Looking for an Ice Sculptor in Milwaukee. This is a paid gig. Please contact
GOOD MORNING FRIEND'S=)GOOD DAY TO YOU!!!
Needless to say if you can remember how much you had to drink you obviously didnt have enough....
amazing day (: couldn't of been any better
BFF's know that you changed your twitter name...
pretty sure that would be the same as texting.
If I don't leave I'll break every fucking thing in this house.
Self-promotion is fine, promotion of others will have greater rewards! (And yes, of course)
i would have to unfollow 66 people to follow u n still be at the limit afta that shuld i??
THIS! RT Dat's Right! RT I've been screaming Who Dat at my cat since breakfast/ Damn right, Betty White.
Grammy's start with prayer... that's a good idea
it's a date!
Tune in to today at 12:30pm PT on when BCS Executive Director Bill Hancock is scheduled to join the show.
RT : Want to learn why YOU may NOT be EASILY refer-able? Join the DISCUSSION tomorrow Night!
ohh sawwy :( nd did I really say I was hhaha can u forgive me?
An hour left...cant come soon enough
shorter distance to their hands from their brain!
Back to work lol <U+E011>
Story isn't a flight from reality but a vehicle that carries us on our search for reality, our best effort to make sense out of the anarchy
Of course!
Its raining, Its pouring, the old man is snoring.....z
hmm that sounds really familiar. You're such a good friend! That stuff is a bitch. It looks so tedious.
Today at the Nat'l Symposium on Arts, Entertainment and Cultural Districts, ' Jason Schupbach will speak about innovative funding.
• There he is. Former.mvp turned spectator...lol
GAH! I want a pillow pet for my mission! A giraffe, wolf, penguin or panda would be awesome. I will love you forever! ;)
Baby monkeys and kittens get me every time! Just want to hug them. :)
please follow me! <333
Who says i cant cook ?you obviously haven't tasted my cereal.
The real Tomazic... character revealed... "I'm not going to your house for a cookout." LOL
thankyouu! Much love u showin<3 you been my home girl since da day I met u!(:
just kidding. Wish you were here.
it was gon get eaten anyways
Please welcome Dr_Greed to the Max life
Chief, seriously? Usually people mean well but I find it irritatingly demeaning sometimes anyway.
damn RT : I trolled bitch
this just makes me irate. especially because she represents such good guys. hopefully they will wise up and move on!
It's butts too nuts in right now.
I'm almost finished with this bottle of Old Crow. How did that happen? Why did I buy it in the 1st place? Why am I so sad now? ;)
None of us get enough red wine in our diet! ;o)
idk where he went I have find him
Hello! #FF : #ATX Splash Day Weekend so
When you see two homeless people making out, it's cruel to say "Get a room!"
yes sir. In Indy, waiting for kids to get done with school tomorrow to bring them to the burgh for turkey day! When r u back?
confirmation of #Fringe at #SDCC RT : For sure. ; )
i miss you...
I really didn't think she had an affect on anything.....
All my friends who also liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a production
I slept for a minute. I'm sure of it.
That's odd...I didn't know Mike Bibby was capable of hitting a shot in that arena anymore.
Day 1: complete
Got furnace repaired Monday. Got cable/Internet hooked up yesterday. Now no power. No hot water. No cable/internet. Thank you,
Everybody needs somebody to be proud of them.
Nice!! #SFGiants is trending on Twitter! Can't wait to go to my first game of the new season next Friday to see my boys!
cause I have absolutely no clue about what most of my followers say.
An apology doesn't always guarantee forgiveness.. Especially if it's for the same mistake over and over again.
We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
He is home in VA. Tell the other fellas to pick it up
sneakerfather and just get the Poison Dart Kobe's. Lol
safe travels and have fun in NYC this weekend!
New post: Good Writing Tip #6: Conventions
“: My future husband is going to have to deal with me listening to Beyonce every.single.day #dealbreaker”//bahahaha! Exactly!!!
being made fun of for the way i stand<<<
Humanities require freedom (why not taught in autocratic societies). Science can be taught anywhere.
have also enjoyed your tweets!
# is the I'm wasted hash tag.
Tryna fuck somebody today who not on that BS cause some ppl are true bullshitters
That's awesome! Congrats. Hard work is always rewarded one way or another.
why would I hate you?! Haha
why thank you :) really excited about your portrait session, we should talk about a date soon!
#IfYouLetMe I'd smack you
I DON'T KNOW. Someone still needs to explain that to me.
No problem, chicha! Tweet me whenever!(:
you get a chance to check out that record i sent you yet?
Rougher outing in the field tonight. 1-3 at the plate: single, fielder's choice, reach on error, pop out.
She can love you good. But I can fuck you better!
Great show last night - special thx to all who made it out !! Onward to Showcase next Thurs 5/10 at
welcome to the Twitterverse!!!!
I don't have his number cause he has been texting me thru his iPod cause he doesn't have his phone .. And I do sometimes!
Too soon? RT worst: Iranian mountains... RT : Q7. Best/worst destinations for solo travelers? Why?
Just because one person says no, dont mean the next one will be the same, dont get intimidated by the first closed door....
o brother.. . where art though?
Hi Bianca I'm a very huge fan! :) I think you're very pretty! :D <3
Still love The Rock.
you mean you'll spend the night with me doe
For those wondering what happened to my envelope of receipts: the station agent says someone will retrieve it! Soon!
my wife Delia is running today. Wish her Good luck!
still thinking about my minor. Any suggestion? I need help....
Bored kinda tired pc4pc or someshit
Studio Time later today, gotta make these Hits !
Wow.. The world is really getting messed up. I won't be surprised if it ends in 2012
#recoverymode! I haven't felt like this in a while, but very worth it for the birthday boy! Thanks everyone who made it such an #epic night!
Been away from Twitter for awhile--I'm back (not that there should be any excitement associated with that announcement)!
putting off homework... like usual
“: #TrueLife I purchased a puppy because bitches love puppies and I have no game #smh” hahaha
Going to get BaBa's for the first time :)
Welcome to the twitterverse!
- I thought he coulda used a V-8!
I know thx bud! the circumference of my asshole right now rivals most potholes on the streets of manhattan
Had a delicious drink at ! Good happy hour if your in SE
I wonder what my reaction would be to tweeting me...
what did u want to tell me?
Gracias to all for the Rts & mentions!
How did the organizers of #SMBMAD know I was jonesing for a cinammon roll? This spread rocks!
well I'd hate to leave you hanging like this but I got a busy day ahead of me so goodnight :) sweetdreams Cassy<3 ttyl I hope
and you are one of the best at relationships!
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
“: I have nothing else to say other than I Love that you wear this on stage. #LikeAboss” :)
I'll try my best lol love and miss you too girl ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> come visit me<U+263A>
actually u right
Would No-No work on my balls?
RT : Defense wins championships ! > Not with today's rules.
lol i dont even live in georgia. good luck selling them! :)
Had a #hashtagwar with my girlfriend () over our date night dinner.
George W. Bush was a cheerleader in High School
Shaken, not stirred.
To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart, and to sing it to them when they have forgotten.
lol I already burned my red cel et cupcakes and I've never done that
Any word on delays or postponements?
Never been a fan of #Landycakes...somehow I get confused on luck vs. skill. Anyway I think he is a
wow great :) how have u been luv?
Do I care if u don't talk to me? lol NO, never that.
Both! I was actually there. Best. Show. Evs
Cool! Thanks
Bestie & I have racked up over 12 miles walking since Monday. For being super tired & out of it, I'll take it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
We never lose the things that matter
I ain’t Curren$y, but if there ain’t money in my name please murder me
Another twenty minutes of my life wasted on Elluminate/Collaborate and the meeting hasn't even started yet.
a delightful frolic about sh#t getting blowed up
#VanHalen is more than pulling this off at MohehanSun
I <3 kush. Just wish my bestfriend was here.
VanJess - Signs (Original Song): via
I will call you at about 11:30
It is our ability to accept things as they are that make us able to adjust to the circumstances.
I was young and needed the $. Wait…what were you watching?
RT : #cbrally it used to be sitting in the front was for geeks. We're just REALLY into technology. Yep.
Southern Indiana high school football overtime had forced me back to Twitter. Seems I've missed a few thing
sell everything.
Just got back from Costco in Anchorage. Lots of white people and I was the only one in the store in shorts.
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours! ~ Anonymous
Limestone County Students Impress at State Competition
get used to that feeling haha ;) .... was it me or did you kiss me on the cheek?!.....
You act like that cause ya on dat dope!
Portlandia killed Washed Out for me. Cannot unsee!
I will end you.
Why do I keep socks with holes in the toes? Time for a change
walked Nacho again. We need gas. I'm on the way back.
I know the feeling. Stormie goes away & comes in "hi mom, where's my pig (she has a stuffed 1 best friend) & lets go swim".
Donating what I can, but it seems like it is always those with the big bucks that get the perks.
I guess if Republican primaries was Friends episode, he'd be Joey. RT : Newt Gingrich is an ‘amateur paleontologist.'
Imiss tha day when I was2 and had no care for boys cause now thy hurt u and lie I've never met a guytht actualy cares sweet guy retweet this
No one's stopping to see if I need help cuz I have MN plates lol. Loyal Packer fans.
Before any spending I ask myself, "Is this SO critical that I would borrow money from China to pay for it?" Well, I want Chinese food, so...
It always happens i should be used to it
lmfaoo fashooo you only live once xD! Dalee I'll have to hit you up and have a bong session ;)
We're talking Danny O'Brien today on our sports shows from 4-6. ' joins us at 4:15
My so-called "personal" CLE recos include whiplash litigation, shale gas operations regs & Chinese reverse merger cos.
Green bay packers!!!!!!!!
#someoneiwanttomeet General Patton
Hope to see you all this week in Soho!
Awesome! I'll check that email. Need to bounce over to the parents and grab their paper.. be back in a few.
Thank you! Great connecting! What you up to tomorrow night? Great show at Ultra Lounge 2169 N Milwaukee at 9pm!!!
XLR8™ (Accelerate) App for Apple and Android Devices Turns Your Economy Car into an Exotic for Just .99¢
feel better little darlin'! Come back to us soon! <3
The good news is...I'm listening to Zaireeka!!!
Ah ha! Twitter = AIM + Facebook... Same cost-benefit of Facebook but on an instant messaging timescale. Makes sense, no?
RIP Whitney
Beautiful and warm today, I am trying to convince teenagers an friends to wash my car!
Im the night boss now!!
When did Mother's Day cards get so treacle and full of self-empowerment aphorisms?
I love one direction
Live a life without drama. <<<<<
Engauge is a very cool, social media savvy Agency in NY
yes its a wb blog show just click the link
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." -C.S. Lewis Set a new goal and be sure you include a deadline.
I love walking around whatever part of town, and looking up--it's always there.
Blue Bottle's New Orleans ice coffee makes me feel like I made a deal with the devil to taste the most perfect beverage in history. -SM
pretty much all the best cities. awesome.
New report positively correlates testing with test scores.
lmao, I know it sucks for the people in my English class, cause they gotta write them sonnets today.
What will you do different this year?
Tell me what's FUN in the ROC?
LOVE the Zookie!
don't you dare steal my topic, it will only be the worst for youq
Right on, and #WORM09 for the 'Write Once Read Many" session. Thanks
"Dark Rituals" is Carrie Stetler's interview with me in HYCIDE Magazine's "The Sex Issue" To order a copy, please email:
(como siempre) (best #2 in eur. by day, comedy genius by night) (amazing surveillance exposé this wk)
where to?
#Humaninteraction- if you look close you can see a rope pulling your success behind the people you meet, your choice how you treat them
RT : If there is not enough Scripture in the sermon to engage your study afterward, the sheep have not been fed.
Donate to malaria nets in Africa. More lives saved per dollar!
If I was the Style Network I'd give the most sharply dressed MLB person award to every year
Depends what result you think you want to produce.
Satisfied customers make me happy! Having a great day at the salon:)
I want this to be my tweet at 11 tonight! ---- : Flyers, Phillies, Union all win! It's a Philadelphia night!
Rangers are ahead. I has a happy.
looks like a great event! cc
nevermind i'm gonna text you
I need to restart my exploration of LA restaurants. Anyone want to go to Animal, Pizzeria Mozza, Craft, or others with me?
Dallas, does anyone know of any bars that have karaoke tonight? I know we tweet this a lot, but we just really like karaoke.
The Giggle Bellies are a hit
Nice work!
Agree RT : The question shouldn't be "What's the next big thing?" but "What's the next big culture?"
Don't book your ticket to the finals just yet...
Shooting a video today for Need a video for your business? Call us!
So glad you liked it! :)
Can We Get Away
thanks for the RT!
Quiet people have the loudest minds
oh god. Hahaha hope nobody was watching!:o aha
It seems that Jennifer Aniston will be my parents new Gramercy Park (aka "my country home") neighbor.
Ahh this dentist is crazy packed .
damn u straight so why u boobs look so big
That was a mistake. Should be fixed now.
Smfh...Try to help ppl when their down on there luck.and the still give u their ass to kiss...unplug ur life line..fuck ya
This mornings client was nervous about not having a "philosophy" like the people in our other vids. She left feeling like Aristotle. :-)
Practice in the JA gym.
I've been reaaallly happy these Past few Days (:
It's cold omg not a great morning I destroyed my glasses lol
@ The Goat House!!!! Yes!!! YES I AM lol
For Fall 2011: Workbooks and CDs for the Japanese Language Proficiency Test available in PAM. Sugoi!
thanks for accepting my late compost and remembering my name jeremy! good luck with life craziness :)
Hi #Knicks fans, we in #Denver certainly hope you've enjoyed Melo. #Nuggets fans probably have not missed he or JR.
Open Mic Night tonight at 10 p.m. Try it, you'll like it.
This weather is seriously fucking with my sinuses.
''I was throwing up about five times a day. I threw up so hard and so much, that it was just blood in the toilet.'' - Demi Lovato.
That's so nice of you to say. Glad you like the blog!
Has Cuckold Ace been up to bat yet?
Happy Gobble Gobble!! :O)
I strongly dislike Ron Artest! Worldpeace my ass
and o miss you guys!!!
I don't want a conversation. I just want to cry in front of you. I don't want to talk about it 'cause I'm in love with you.
wow new promo coming soon to www.yourmotivated.com, go check it out end of this week
Have you created your own SnapCut yet? We're featuring our favorites! Tweet us your best SnapCut and we'll make sure to post it!!
Big Up Tone Funk Master Jackson! RIP to #Malcom X today. Thank you for your contributions to he World.
Awesome. RT : follow - he's with her and livetweeting NYC visit
#DD9 is rocking! I've heard tons of great feedback from dealers! The are here and is great!
Hells Angels to MTV Star Rob Dyrdek -- You JACKED Our Death Head Logo
RTOREWARDS keeps your customers around longer and turning passive customers into active, engaged customers.
did you get my text fooley
peace, thanks for keeping me entertained for about 2 hours!
": "I'd like to ask God why He allows poverty, suffering & injustice ... afraid He'd ask me the same question." #barefootchurch"
we don't get out til the 31st and I'm not coming til after the 10th
Definitely told myself I wouldn't need q jacket today. Bad call.
we created a society that doesn't support everyone going to college
Ace of spades bigger than you popping off !!!!!
lmaoooo RT : Can you tell Elyshia to stop complaining about our correct spelling lol
oh okay that's what's up.
So after last nights massive panic attack and all of my fears about not graduating due to grades, I have officially passed ALL classes!!!!!!
Leggoo Most Wanted Crew
What did people eat around here before there were burritos sushi and hummus?
we should be business partners.
EO: "I didn't know just ANYONE could Skype me. I just saw a penis vid!" JM: "Funny. I would think tit vid would have a higher CCR"
I think you can tell from my photo that you're a huge inspiration to me. Hope i win!!!!
Very #excited by all the new possibilities in front of !
la la la
What is the point of twitter again?
I'm sorry I'm awful. I bring your days down. I hope you can forgive me. Please.
Haha, oh Christ, I RT'd this without seeing it...faaaack. #ThisIsWhyImACartoon ;)
Introducing our New and Improved Website, Shopaholicnomore.com!
I don't even talk to you. And you still manage to make me mad everyday. Ugh, slut.
they're still sending them out, make sure to check your SPAM folder as well.
hey bro i like that swag city remix alot, keep it up
The one thing we have to do is fund education. Mike Miller.
Clear Capital: while REO"s have leveled off somewhat in recent months, more than one-in-four home sales across the country remain distressed
Sorry to hear about your Mom. Do you have family that came from Iowa? Thats my last name too. :-)
So very lucky to have a job that allows me to see new places and meet new people.
My celebration is boosting the spirits &showing appreciation for my star teachers
Celebrate Mother’s Day by treating your mother to a delicious meal ! The tres leches cupcake sounds amazing?...
What is up with all these ghost dreams?! This is some scurry shiet!
Got my popcorn and am ready for the #Grammys and im rooting for #Adelle!!
it should be uploaded by now
done and done
Come check out my band Volcano Dolls tonight@ Crazy Girls strip club 10:30pm!1433 N La Brea LA, CA. $10/ or FREE before 9!
Twister/Nerf ball inventor's key to success, "Break a rule"
Courage is the price that exacts for granting peace~BAMM.
GRASSY ASS ... salad... ass, I almost peed my pants today. Omg hahahaha.
Second time i trip on the same spot
and more importantly, your future history scholarship.
My thoughts for today...wat does any of this thts shes sayin has to do with mythology ???? Gesh
shit I actually wanted 2 see if u had the green in a size 12.5
Hitting the road to Chicago for #empower ! Can't wait to see !
Local news is killing it today. ": Steven Powell was "sexually out of control" his entire life. His trial picks up in an hour."
It looks like another beautiful day in the bay!
Hey can you follow me back please? It would make me very happy (:
"I just love giving up my weekends to babysit my sis's kids while she's at drill" I try to convince myself while waking up at 5:45 am.
Amen to that! RT i love my cavs but now is not the time to start winning. you have got to think
Ryan Murphy has a reputation of giving mixed signals about just who will be returning to his series .
Yes, me please!! Love those wingers
It was a lovely day today. Lots of sun. How is it over there?
gotcha..misread your 1st tweet..ignorant, inhuman biz practices just wear me out, particularly in healthcare
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Standard possession order ... custom possession order ... how have they worked or not worked for you?
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 33
Ravens feel the same way
So bored
Wifi at #ASECS12 proving impossible. Will try from phone. First SEA panel underway now.
Yeah, score on that bitch Lebron!
of course!
Snow today in Pittsburgh! Hows your weather?
hah...wait till I have to field questions...I'll make it right clear that I want a question not your 15-20 minute statement
aw chinkarino I hope u hav fun nd if u c 1D u better take pics with them
Recordings on their way!
it is! I usually come home open the window and fall asleep to the cities sounds. So relaxing.
U have a potty mouth this morning
Received my vinyl copy of Noctourniquet today! I don't know about the 3d glasses, but the sound quality is perfect.
how hard is it to say "groovaloos" with a straight face?
If you're my friend, you'll be at 8 seconds on April 21st at 10pm, of not, we ARE NOT friends. Happy birthday, to me.
“: I don't see why everybody wants a white iPhone. Everyone knows the black one runs faster.” the white ones work
How was your #Alaska #Easter?? We had a BIG BUNNY on R trains.
tweet me?:)
Had a good time at the museum. The egyptian stuff really caught my eyes
uggh DC United goes 0-2-0 for season. Looks like a slow start for United hopefully they will finish strong!
Wonder Years is such an amazing show. Such an accurate depiction of childhood and young adulthood
Every teenage parent needs to watch Dateline NBC on the dangers of getting into a vehicle with an intoxicated driver.
the last time I had to stand and sit that often without knowing why, i was at a catholic church
R u kidding me? PRINCE!!!!
It seems like everyone has lost their minds.
Dr. Thornton: "Our kids don't know what it's like to live outside poverty. We must show them!"
I have way too much crap on my mind right now.
Happy Veteran's Day
It's a kind of day.
I win again! Damb im good.
What!!!!!!! RT : I just land in NYC and what do I always say!? !! GSP is out with an injury!!!
Yup, solid! And accurate description of Scarborough. His ranting was so awful I had to roll over & go back to sleep.
On a Friday afternoon matinee date with myself. Midnight in Paris and a stop at the bookstore.
Turmeric,the innocuous looking orange & yellow spice mostly seen in South Asian cuisine,is now accepted to have anti-inflammatory properties
Oh why thank you <U+E405> lol
Thanks, will do! :)
You prepping for High School Football yet?
At least get out of ur seat and fart. Jeez
Fact: "In the Street," directed by the urban street photographer Helen Levitt, was filmed in East Harlem in 1948.
Amazing to hear dubstep on the Grammys.
we love you guys. <3 reunion and let us open plz
I'm Tired of school!#readyforsummer!
Big Weekend Ahead: Van Halen, Trace Adkins, Experience Hendrix and Wanda Sykes all go on sale. Which is more your taste?
Our deepest condolences go out to Hermano Jonel Gonzalez. Our thoughts and prayers are with you.
Such a nioceee weather (:
hey I'm trying to get Facebook figured out, then onto linked in! hey, how did you get the cool cartoon image??
Congrats to Maria Rubio, United Way-PDX VP as 1 of 176 regional connectors . Our CEO Keith Thomajan, too!
btw w just celebrated 8weeks on The Billboard Jazz Charts w LIFESIZE MIRROR
Nice dude!
boo who...
they're both "equally as hard" (;
God I fucking hate DJ Dave from Hyundai
Good luck should be fun
Great track!! RT : Digging the new single from , "Columbo Says." Awesome mix of hard rock and punk!
2morrows my first day off in a while. What should i do? I'm thinkin buy new running shoes, smoke, workout, smoke, play music, smoke, etc
I'm sleepy.
Shotgun free is awesome
A trophy from the fuckin man! Thank you
thanks for following!
One day, one year for Mother's Day, I'll send my mom away to a spa retreat for the day. For now, since I'm broke, I just write her poetry.
Sorry about that! We're sorting through the photos and trying to figure out what happened.
we arrive
aw thanks :) your soo sweet!
yea the other one left a nice little dent on my fade
take thirty minutes to breathe today
- that's cause u sir, are the man!
RG3 is literally .000000056 the douche Cutler is. Caught an interview w/ him on SportsCenter. His one-liners, comebacks were great
CAN'T WAIT SEE U THERE!!!!!
Rain today. Should be a good day. Lawnmowers securely tucked away in silence!
I don't know about every time but most of true time you will but I ain't trippin though
love michael s.
Will solve a lot of problems... Can finally show iPad clearly on webinars.
What are sports fan's doing today? Any games going on?
“: Another great performance and 3points. I could get used to this shutout thing. #RBNY” So could we!
We haven't heard from you guys in a long time! What's up guys?
#mazfollows60 i live in America and you and 1D are god. <3
sure, why not everything on the internet is true and accurate...sheeple
im so bored i could eat a camel :p
RT : Happy National Travel & Tourism Week! What will you do special with this week?
Thanks for sharing this great tip! "Remember: People don't need to be falling down drunk to be buzzed." From
itz freezing cold
i love seeing peoples true colors.... makes me laugh hysterically. #BellyLaughing at the moment
I agree. The living metaphor doesn't quite match up between natural and artificial languages. We don't have to test English.
Just ordered Kopecky, Brian Elliot, Lunqvist and Iginla shirts! I love Fans Edge Gift Cards!
Mosquitoes refuse to bite him purely out of respect.
why i'm so sad??
really dumb decision. I wonder what her major was because if it wasn't "instant wealth" then she did it wrong.
Just a couple days left to get Brew Dr. #Kombucha on sale for 2/$6 at ! Sale ends at the end of the month. Go stock up!
Mark your calendars for Shabbat Across America - 3/2/12 with Dr. Yaron Ayalon speaking on "Turkey and Israel: A Lost Relationship?"
Check out our videos on facebook!
#coffee motivate! Motivate!
i hate it when people always get mad over losing a follower like really thts not the biggest thing u should be getting mad about
everyone's complaining about niall growing out his hair...i think it'll be so hot
Louie a possibility as well
it means I bought something and now feel guilty and want to eat every minute.
Just had ihop now I'm working out.. What a combo
Eric do you know this guy for reals?!?
Cyber shopping for the holidays
on my money route
Rewarding those who teach with new media allows for innovation.
Finally, no high-end bacon decor I am sad to say. More likely that would get that ;)
Thanks, Jim. Hope you get something out of it. Cheers, Bo
2 loaves of bread, 12 dishes, 3 desserts, and 2 glasses of wine -- yep, Girl and the Goat is just as good the second time around.
Therefore, the real beautiful/handsome people are the ones who make people around them feel the same.
Make sure you always ask for permissions before attempting to go on private property :)
oh so kind! I've finally decided to write down my daily kitchen escapades (I cook a lot) Making art only w/ food
it was funny. the girl she didnt like left her school, then at her new school, we found out that SHE started a foodfight too
had the best weekend of my life meetin nd Great experience& They were the nicest ppl! ihope 1 of them see this!
Frakes, I would love to have u call in around 7:30 to give your thoughts on the 6th and 7th region districts.. 627-0953
and I was all like jumping penis.
About to go to sleep nite twitter.
likes drinking expired chocolate milk.
Am I the only one who watched The Playboy Club and thought it wasnt that bad. Sucks to be the first fall season casualty.
When are the foo fighters gonna defeat the foo?
- OK.Now lets acquit all murderes.In case we missed it.
:)))) what you doin on your birthday??
Lincoln: I do not consider that I have ever accomplished anything without God .. I must do my duty as I see it, and leave the rest with God.
Mama, I just killed a man. Put a gun against his head, pulled my trigger, now he's dead. Mama, life had just begun.
Lamenting the fact that there is no Google Translate for tech-speak. It'd make my job a lot easier. I'm smart about other things; I promise!
word brother!
bored tlk to me. =\
I don't really care. We are stacked as it is. I am just upset about Lacey going to Alabama. Who goes to Bama?
thank you we ate excited to be in Detroit!!
Oral promises are tough, but you could sue in small claims to get your $ back. State law bars cos from lying to make a sale
In production stage of Living Education eMagazine Summer edition
my dad can take us to my house tmrw and get troys then work on trebuchet
That's like asking me to cut my balls off! I'm going in!!!! RT : Hey keep your refs out of the mavs game!
u too
why do so many LMS vendors not show pricing, demos, or even screenshots on their websites?
Bourbon barrel aged dark lord. Wow.
Hey Baby Cuz! It was great seeing you this past weekend. Hope to see you in August in the Dominican Republic!
Digital* sorry
are u coming tomorrow to the In the Mix Atlanta with at 6pm?
#BlackMamaQuotes didn't I tell you to beast your ass still!
I think I saw your head in tv lmao
Believe. Ask ?'s & get answers from doctor-nicely of course.Be Fearless.Laugh at chemo-makes your "hair" look better
S/o to for turning 18 today, happy bday bro.
my little cousin is gonna get her ass kicked one day & she'll deserve it. she runs her mouth way too much.
Fair enough. Someone to do all my chores then. :)
Sounds great! Set up next year through SonRise or independently?
A pimp jus try to start a fight with me on the streets on NY City. Never laughed at a man soo hard before n walked away. He was pisssed
love the updates
i gotta piss lets go to
Media day with , wonderful sighting, had a great show with a packed house and seeing at 8:30 Nice
Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas everyone. Thanks for all your support!
wore my floral fishnet tights to work and one of my students said " what are those?? they're so ugly!" brat.
Have fun! Thinking of booking a trip to myself!
I love sf
Don't forget about , Mr. Kylestock! He'll be playing his acoustic set early in the evening, so make sure you don't miss it!!
Get that kid a hot tub STAT
Absolutely! RT : #aam2012 buzzword of the year: storytelling
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family !
Hey is that mars in the eastern sky tonight?
Hoping for a fast recovery, teach mcluster a few things, see ya next year jc. Go chiefs!
im on my way to see ni
I just found out that my song "Plans" won an Honorable Mention at the 2010 WCS songwriting contest.
RT : ... I'm glad I leaped over my bad past experience & went to Adobe Connect.
Torres suspension more about being repeat offender vs Hossa hit. Right call by Shanny...
Like what you're hearing from Dr. Sonjia on the show? Like her page on Facebook today to get info on her book & workshops.
I was 6 the last time this happened. Being a student here at the University of Kentucky makes this one just that much better!
yea not really much to do at this time of the night
All great achievements have one thing in common - people with a passion to succeed. - Pat Cash
There's a monster at #swcbus check it out at www.demandzilla.com
i'll get back to you guys after i finish my chips
I wouldn't have a problem with getting older if I felt that I actually had something going for me. Where next?
whats on the agenda:Asset Allocation
RT : "I always deliver" -Ari Gold- come on live up to it I know you can!
Just don't like the vibe here, simple as that. I can only deal with it on occassion, but not on a every day level.
I wanna go home #don'twannabehere
Meeting with Preemo Tattoo Artist today I am super excited whoo hoo
Beck is so uncomfortable talking about his daughter's
#inthe90s golden-eye was the callofduty, beeper codes were the texting, and when musicians od'd it was on heroin not accidental pill mixing
Where is Mike Jones
Going to the grove
Sweet. Let me know.
If any application designers would like to help with our projects, #Axiomity Inc is hiring and asking for interested people who want to help
Nah he's right though
Finished Alicia keys remix yesterday. Will post on Soundcloud.com/dsdsq2 this week. Get our latest remixes on our souncloud
Hi Chicago, don't forget about brunch tomorrow. Sahara Toast-so hot you can fry an egg on it.French toast with fruit.Fresh homemade Granola
why is that hideous its a good thing when Boston plays poorly and looses lol.
Some guy almost ran me over at the Nora Steak N Shake,he was pulling out onto 86th St. & as soon as I walked in front, he started 2 speed up
Thanks for the kind words!
Did you just twitter search: marry mark zuckerberg?
#HugAnOutfielderDay oh yes!(:
Every other teammate would have been like WTF... He passed it to me?
Mission accomplished.
RT ": No I havent met Mr. Right yet, but I have met Mr. Fake, Mr. Rude, & Mr. Player."
To whoever stole my beer tonight: FUCK YOU.
Thanks for tweeting about our giveaway :)
Agreed. I advocate for online education as an option, alternative, etc., not as either/or. Too many sweeping statements...
I hate not being able to sleep!
It's accumulating...
I LOVE johnny depp too..but this one doesn't look that good to me. I'll see it just cuz of him, but otherwise, probably wouldnt
Get back to me when you eat spaghetti with a knife. That's hardcore utensil substitution.
“Who dat” didn’t start with the New Orleans Saints but in a vaudeville shows in the late 1800s and was used by jazz musicians in the 1920s.
Five hours later, I've earned 1GB of space on Strangely enough, I don't feel like the morning was a total waste...
's new culinary advice service, Curate Your Plate, is doing wonders for me. I've snacked my whole day away!
Staten Island: are you ready for the fresh air? #ReforestationDay with !
Nothing better than a good read and a warm cup of #tea! What's your favorite book?
love you
Rope some dope
For frame of awesomeness, The Odd Numbers' "Little Kings and Queens" was in the same Santa Cruz video as fIREHOSE's "Brave Captain."
Phrases used today: snake-pit, like a bad penny, harrowing experience.
got that new blurberry phone on deck
We need to have mega-doses of Gods Word. A little dab on Sunday morning wont do you!
": The economics of empathy. Welfare promotes economic growth. #nerdland" just laid it out.
RT : Y'all gotta stop confusing black people with niggas.
I HATE talentless celebs. Nothing more than a waste of space.
If I see another damn post about #KONY2012 on #instagram or #twitter I'm a put a special operation team together to find this guy.
My grandmother had a camaro and a lot being driven by "Sisters" here in Atlanta......
would LOVE to go to Hop Fest again! Volunteered last ye and had a blast!
Bill Parcells: "Players haven't changed (from the 80's until now), it's the people
Domestic bliss - Now the conversation has moved onto the effectiveness of Gillette's fusion razer.
In Florida at annual Palm Beach Photo Centre FOTOFUSION Saw Joyce Tenneson Jimmy Colton Robert Farber Ross Whitaker at tonight's exhibit
Me very cool. I'm producing theater in nyc for the first time: )
You know-cliches become cliches for a reason...
i told my mom i need a poster of him. haha
link not working
Cloud Marketing is the collection of different Internet-based marketing services, allowing marketing functions to operate more effectively.
Good morning, Twitter. Anything happening on the #SocMed front in #DC today?
Yup. RT #mybestfootballmemory scoring the game winner vs. Algeria in the WC 2010
of course
opening day!! its friday friday gotta get down on friday!
Grothman in the house. "Overwhelmingly, the number of people who file a complaint ... found to be frivolous immediately." Source?
Sorry girl, mono is a bummer. Feel better soon.
HILARIOUS to watch Gloria, Wolf & ALL the LUNATIC-LEFT MEDIA freaking out today FEARING a WRIGHT/OBAMA meltdown.
Had to skip last session so my dad can take me out for Mexican tonight.
The things you learn when you are not in pursuit of knowledge..
#churchplanters When you speak from your heart the vision is in it's truest form! #presentations w/ no heart is a waste of time!
I'm at the edge of my seat waiting on every update.
Yes wishes! Now you can help them, and you, turn those wishes into goals - using pictures you draw, cut from magazines, and any other way.
Ah well, next time then!
.... hello. :) I'm here. Sorry for my bad twitter etiquette. I will try to be more active.
School gets new computers in every classroom :D They all have Windows XP D:
#inDanvilleVa Green Street Niggas Don't Beef
I feel like a dinosaur trying to figure this out.
Um hm, what's up with that? What's up with that?
NO NO NO!!! Feel free to unfollow me. I am a diehard #Cowboys fan. I only followed cause he's a fellow ND grad
Glad to hear that! Happy Mothers Day!
Eric Dickerson former RB & SMU alum, said: "I'll be taking a pay cut by playing in the NFL!" SMU got the "death penalty"
This is the second time in a week we've had tornadoes in one part of the state and snow in another. Gotta love #Minnesota weather!
RT I kno a lot of people but I only fuck wit a Select Few!
of course :)
Any time. I'd tip my chef hat but they designed these to stay on at all times.
I hate being the only one awake
My father used to say "agree with everybody but have your own way at the end of the day" This could be a YES strategy :)
"The Sporting Life: Career in Sports" panel starts at 10:30am! Will be moderated by and speakers include &
North Korea ready for third nuclear test: expert
Are you riding Reach the Beach? How is your fundraising going? Don't forget to use Twitter to help reach your goal - so fun + easy!
It's a beautiful day at the Links! Come out and enjoy a round!
I can't come on because I stepped on a toothpick. It broke off & part of it is still in my foot. I need to go to the Dr. to have it remov...
He is such a doll, there is no regrets this time (ask me about another time). And it was for a great cause, the Tigers Foundation.<3!
#TheyNeedToBringBack Eisenhower to whip all those Taliban rebels in the ass
Happy Birthday!!!
I hate voicemails!!!! Omg I don't listen to them lol
Thanks new followers
"If you judge people, you have no time to love them." --Mother Teresa A good policy, yes?
when u free?
Gave his all for ETSU today
Maree gets round of applause after opening video about
Hate this time of year when year-end, quarterly estimated and quarterly sales taxes are all due at the same time.
If you have any #WhenAustin's, tweet them to me and I'll tweet them and give you credit. :)
Your adventure has to be coming out of your own interior. You must have courage. No security, no rules. - J Campbell
The fact that an I can talk about anything >>>>
Retweet that Ms Terry - so "TRUE"
<== Headed out later today to spend about a week with my <U+2600>Baby<U+2600>!!! #LGBT On the 20th is our 5 month anniversary!! <U+2665>
ok, I forgive you.
Bro Shots.
quit whining about valentines day
Dont get married to a man, if you know you want a chick.
I feel sick.
Emmy® Award-Winning TV Host Martha Stewart Will Teach America to Cook on New PBS Series
I still have service? Haha
Who is your Twitter crush?
Ready to go hooommmmeee. The food sucks here. #MAthemeatloaf!
damn that sucks! Why didn't you just tell them where you were Lol
Had a great day at the studio The countdown for New Orleans has begun
#Str8LykeDes... I need a real fucking smoke brake....
tooth extracting commencing. just received local.
You're welcome. :)
come to my friend's party!
NEW RECORD!!!!! 6 hours since I've puked!
Oh, btw Good morning Loves <3
We all livin on borrowed time...
on a less depressing note, I think it's cool you're getting to see the sunrise already. I haven't even gone to bed yet!
Follow me gorgeous <3
hey Sasha how ur summer coming along, I know it been a long since we talk, but I don't be on twitter like that.I'm onfacebook
have you missed it at all? Why did you delete yours?
what u doing awake
Mittens' comment "You get to ask the Qs you want, I get to answer the Qs I want" is giving me Sarah Palin flashbacks.
I wanna hear all of them ^_^ RT : One Direction recorded at least 80 songs since they've been together.
Cinetopia just got a huge thumbs down for not having the shows playing it said it would. Only redeeming factor. Diet coke caffeine free.
Anybody else also STOP shopping at #Goodwill Stores after watching all their endless commercials on every channel every night???
Vote for Victorian Halls as DISCOVERY OF THE YEAR on the French site
Shouldn't have had that double meat and extra cheese sub from subway. Don't want to go back to work.
How about a close to accurate impersonation without hearing it but knowing the results
RT : Tightest brand in the world? The Green Bay Packers. Open to debate, but it'll end in fisticuffs. ^RS have to agree
my 8-year old could do that math, easy peasy. But he does love tall buildings. ESB minus Taj Mahal = x and all that.
Dont run your mouth if you dont know what the fuck your talking about.
Bigger need, TE or CB? I know you're not a draftnik, but any thoughts on which position might be stronger this year?
RT : Final #unSDCChi session at 3pm. Meet one of the youngest entrepreneurs in Chicago! 16yr old founder of Viatask!
i aint even finna tweet about the Knicks weak ass no more
loved his single! They were playing it as we were waiting on Vashawn recording to start. I had to ask someone -- who is this?
No, Sir! But an A for effort, and a very educated guess!
We MUST get a stop here
ahhhahahaa..you still get a new one tonight though ?
is at the #EmmyFYC site watching Hey, that's in the audience!
Blame it on the ahahaha altitude MT : Kobe has stomach issues, skipped shootaround, and the #Lakers will update his status later
A great message by the today: Taverns won't be punished by being proactive and calling for assistance.
RT : Weird: Twitter did not pass MySpace in traffic until September of 2010. I am honestly surprised. O_o
Lakers biggest lead in three games.
Maybe it isn't "everybody should learn to code" so much as "everybody should learn about programming".
lol I will! I work at SeaWorld San Diego :)
Maybe I need to take a picture with my bikinis so can follow me. :P
Oh, money over bitches? Please, tell me more about how you have neither of those.
awesome! Thank you. I knew you'd have that link handy. :)
And with 1,051 words written tonight----I finished my chapter! Off to go eat.
Robin Thicke.... dont slack on him...
no trash pick up on Oakdale Pl NW in LeDroit Park today. Can you resolve?
Completely. Being with your buddies is what Chicago baseball games are all about.
Dear Bloggers: Don't by shy to ask artists/etsy sellers to review their products. Be upfront or I might think you're trying to charge me.
- nice studio!
Thank you!! “: Having fun at 's going away dinner w/ and ! We're gonna miss you Steph!”
S/O to my new followers:
don't you mean #bakeryproblems or
proposing @ a baseball game>
We are getting ready to launch a Kickstarter project to fund our new set featuring a couple of geeky metal bands. :)
he was great. Sounded sincere. But still tons of questions need to be answered.
: was asking for you ;)
thanks for the retweet, dude
would love that!!! Have a great time! LOVE Caesars Palace!
I was looking at my twitter numbers and I just realized that I don't have "followers" I have "disciples".
I LOVE PLEASE FOLLOW ME<33
1 more try. I love you! Pleasee follow me, i tweet you all the time! #BTRseason3 SO FREAKING SOON. <U+2665> PLEASE FOLLOW ME KENDALL!
All I know how to make is cereal. I can't live off of cereal for a week. Well I could, but whatever.
Well well well.. hopefully next weekend will be better..
TT faculty needed to solve a problem. They created a magical solution that saved money and took burdensome courses away: adjuncts!
Wow... What a SXSW come to tonight at 1:00am
Who's coming to #BestofSD tonight? Find us by the tweet wall.
one experiences so much more...or at least it is a different experience. I like it.
You always get what you believe you can have.
Lousy SEO - twitter.com/expert
Oh jeez. I can't even imagine... sad world we live in.
I have no idea. I feel like it was a secret idea. Filter magazine keeps tweeting photos right now
So i can
Mitchell-it's a real disservice to people who've spent years on a film to try and instantly sum it in 140chars
Accidental death by heroin use up 75% in Cleveland. Esp white males 20-30 yrs of age.
We are now following you Barbara, thanks for checking us out!
who ended up throwing the first pitch?
ugh, most amazing phone call ever with the most amazing person ever :) is the best!!!
#AWonderfulSurprise is amazing seriously
you can do it!!
Had amazing whiskey cocktail w/ rhubarb bitters in L.A., thought of you!
AAVG this week ASK thinnging out really well.
fill in the blank: If the #Tigers get no-hit by the #Twins I will _______________.
Wow, racist AND violent. Good combo. : When I hear chinese people talk I instantly want to punch them in the face
cnew27 let us go go go
Wally from site chat says: "...thanks for guaranteeing that my social life is over I now no longer have a reason to leave the house." lol
#fridayreads Just finished The Lost Art of Reading by and starting the ARC of Etgar Keret's Suddeny, a Knock on the Door
Listening to my new favorite song, "Glory to God in the Highest" by Big Daddy Weave,
do you hear laughter
Thanks Al, just getting back into Twitter. Been awhile.
O man it is raining... need weed.... "RAIN RAIN GO AWAY SMOKE WEED EVERYDAY.."
we can totally do that, where do you live? You're all over the place it seems!---Rico
Thank you for the RT! Have a great night.
had no one to help me beat up :///
Thanks again!
Taking my boy
Thank you!
Nice! Rock out! :) Let's connect soon regardless of locale.
ps the Black Keys concert is next TUES.!
in approximately 10 seconds I am deleting google+
Do not lower your standards to keep anyone. Make them meet you at your level... self respect is power Jermaine Broadnax
thank you dude :) means so much to us! Working on releasing our ep very soon! Hit us up if you ever want to do an interview with
you rock! Thanks for coming!!!
no no. just found the quote on the internets.
WEESANDIEGO.COM CHECK US OUT
Yes it is. I was the on set Doctor for the movie.
Because puppies are cool! Duh
Somebody get some weed! Hahaha
ugh, my teach does tht 2!
In other news, Brazilian ladies make everything better.
Its some real getto girlz at my school they triff can't wait to get out of there
Harts Location: Romney took 5 votes, compared to 4 votes for Paul. Huntsman took 2 votes, per WaPo
Timehri Neighbourhood market not considered a squatter settlement ...
Country must be country-wide!! But being a Hillbilly is Awesome!!
Missing my favorite !!...goodnight:)
First shoot on location for SKITZO Saturday!!
You're going to barbecue (and skewer) Browns executives, right?
Friends are Like Boobs some are real and some are Fake
Its great.
Take a trip to Montego Bay, Jamaica July 15-21 for Reggae Sumfest and experience the best of both worlds.There is no where else to be.
First outdoor hoops session w/ #knerds Andy and Karim big success!
Consider us all warned - now go enjoy yourselves!
looking like a sixie today with a ton of books in my bag. aren't finals supposed to mean carrying less books?
then I have to walk to the printer, hit RESET, and another 12 seconds later it prints.
I guess . wasn't kidding when she said she was.going to cut somebody
Research is the seasoning/accent to the plot that drives the story, less is more #USC #Writers conference
you ain't no farmer!
Anybody have FRUITY LOOPS SAMPLES I NEED SOME....
hi, daddy ;D
um...how does this twitter thing work???
": Turns out Perron tipped the shot for his second goal of the Playoffs. Assists to Pietrangelo and Oshie at 9:16 of the first.
If #bbq ain't legal, does that make me a bootlegger? :)
Avoid sugar shock: Have a glass of wine. Alcohol has unique sugar-blocking properties that temporarily halt your liver’s glucose production.
Yeshua answered, "Here's what the work of God is: to trust in the one he sent!"
speaking of party, I'll probably be crashing your pizza party tomorrow, just for a bit :)
Well, my odds were fifty-fifty. Can't always win.
you know I have too lol it's in my blood lol
ATHF is so good. I'm glad i rediscovered it.
that's the point, parents should pay attention. Friends, neighbors, someone the child might know. How often do SO re-offend?
No one in all of human history has gotten obese on steak.
I was told to many different things. But I got it now! Haha
Good to hear, enjoy it. There's really no place like home. Take Care bro!!
Its Friday. If ya man acting up, come kick it wit me :)
Summer is magazine and book season because they're the best thing to puruse under the sun when you're out in your yard
Who wouldn't want to be sailing? Just can't in the Rillito.
you have to wear a Bo-Peep outfit! We haven't hazed you yet!
... of facial musculature, vocal reactions (moaning or sighing), semivoluntary movements, general cardiovascular ...
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare.It all depends on how you treat her.
One of the reasons I don't want to be with someone is because when I am with someone I get so jealous over everything.
Re: Big East RT : if this league doesn;t make right hire, league destined to blow up.
#Save the Scraps Consender the loaves ,Thanx Bishop
yea well dee got another job n have to work so it might be me n my mom
Which is better? Source Code or Limitless?
Going out tonight with my friends.. Yippie... (^.^)
Don't like the new layout of FB? Change it back by simply changing your language preference to "English UK"!
RT : Maturity is not when we start speaking big things but when we start understanding small things.
you should change your Twitter password, you've been hacked...
SOME not ALL.
Have you ever wanted something different for lunch? Try one of our delicious hot dogs...and support the " Wounded Warrior Project " as well
Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservation. -D. Elton Trueblood
Thank you doll! YOU ROCK! : )
thats funny. na. school is good. deciding if im bout to take a couple classes for summer or wait until fall. hbu?
Have you picked your shoes for your wedding day? Tell us about them!
Aaron Harang strikes out 9 Padres in a row. Pretty impressive!
Really nice job. Problem defined well, nice demo, good flow of pitch overall. #TSW2012 via
Tomorrow night we're hosting the Official After Party after the game! Hang w/ the Grizz girls and have some cocktails! No cover! Can't wait!
You know it's summer when you pass guys in their yard playing baseball with bats made out of beer cans duct taped together
RT : I was watching USA's #CovertAffairs and they use the term #wonk a lot.
great presentation at #gamemarketers I feel thoroughly enlightened.
People in accounting are talking about how they don't like it when puppies become older dogs. They legitimately love the puppy stage.
I am taping a special episode of Miss Basia's fashion tips for all the my divas. Stay tune:)
Sansa was just told that it's highly unlikely she would have girls only. Um, no. It's a 50/50 chance.
Social cam . Follow up @ Jesse callier
five year old little girls who add me...how about no
The girls in my office are on a diet. What could I bring in to celebrate a birthday?: Obviously cake, cupcakes, brownies are a no go....
Sorry to hear about your laptop. Our team is here to assist you with Dell support on twitter.
Re: Xmas Markets : We're less than 48 hrs away from the Weihnachtsmarkt in Aachen. Easily most underrated time to visit Europe!
I think my asexualism is going on a vacation...with a cute bad boy.
+1 ": I think self-assessment and peer-assessment have to play integral roles. #digped"
change your profile so I have something different to beat off to. Also, nobody cares what *sexy* 20 year olds think
Mumford & sons = favorite #SXSW moment. Probably even best concert ever!
Hello Mr. Culton!
rt thats gross! < very! i'm like just make a pb&j sandwich & call it a day smh <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> lol
I DID...GREAT SHOW JUS LOVE U AND LAMAR RELATIONSHIP
First commercials tonight for the upcoming movie "Water For Elephants"...Lombardi's Dan Lauria in the cast...
Many massage therapists work from their homes. If you are uncomfortable going to a private home the 1st time, take someone with you.
you are hilarious!
I knew she was SPECIAL! Why? I finally admitted to her that I have a female roommate and she DIDN'T mind! Its like a mountain lifted off me!
Both, but non-union seems to be everywhere. Looks to be about 50/50 now. Just my POV.
I'll push you down a flight of stairs anytime. <3 RT I hope I'm not pregnant
I've been trying to learn defying gravity for like the past 2 hours. :)
Heading to NM Medcaid officials' meeting w/ tribes re: Medcaid overhaul.
Speak Easy Open Mic starting soon at a new time--8:00pm! Get there early to sign up!
you know that's
this is just a little 36 min concept mix. I'll post it up today. Soul Supreme 3 is next to finish.
U can only control wht U do. Anything else outside of ur control, u gotta just let fall by the wayside. That saves me alot of frustration
No me gusta hospitals
The show will end at around 11:00pm but anyone is welcome to stay and hang out with the band after
My dinner is chicken noodle soup from the Chinese store
i'll try again.
#theonlinemom hope I can win the Samsung Galaxy Tab!
twitter=connections to the world
I know but im just trying to make a point to some guy who keeps saying he has sources that they're meeting today.
I can't believe you're in my city!!!!!
I reckon only a few hours. All good. Totally worth it :)
Thanks, Aaron!
hard to believe that the whole lionwitchwardrobe story occurred cuz a boy wanted some of that candy so badly
RT : Social media is a tool. Real time is a mindset -
check out "oh ranger!" parkfinder
that's a lie. Ur a beautiful girl and ur nice af.
RT : "To ya it might seem I'm changing my direction..to me this is all I've been working for..."-A. Lee
lol glad I could entertain. Dude was a jackass. He yelled, literally, at some woman in the airport. She did nothing to him
maybe people need to understand Facebook poking isn't real life "poking"
Ravens offense is looking better in Madden 13 with Rookie WR Tommy Streeter 6'5 to go along with Torrey Smith's wheels.
thanks for taking our Book People Unite pledge. Much appreciated.
Thanks, Jordan! It's an honor to be included. (and hi everyone!)
There are huge opportunities at the moment just waiting for you... But I'll tell you one thing.. If you wait, you'll definitely lose out!
l love my boo<3
Tumblin' Dice will be taking the stage at Fatso's Pizza tonight and Saturday night from 6:30-9:00pm.
work y
has your acct on Twitter been hacked? I am getting some weird DMs - pls check!
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328> 55
#November is here & #Thanksgiving is on its way! Chefs at City Tavern are planning menus, excited to cook the big feast for guests.
Drank too much coffee and now I'm having a hard time falling asleep. Oh well... back to playing video games... lol...
Yes. Click on the lower left hand side box for line thickness.
Word. : psh. he's no Mark Whitten. 12 RBI too? THAT'S ridiculous.
My partner and I have been married for 4 years but I will match everything you've raised so far (and will go up to $250).
haha thanks! Glad you like it :)
hell yea!!
My sperm donor coming to visit from texas. Hope he not expectin #SpecialTreatment. I'll b damned if i do. Hmph
Avoid sugar shock: Eat protein w/your meal. You will secret insulin sooner (but less of it overall) to help keep your blood sugar in check.
Then later on hip hop showcase!! #goodshow to see!!
I need to run 467 miles to compensate for what I'm doing to my body this week
Apply moisturizer when wet in the shower...then towel off. Helps dry winter skin. Remember sunscreen-especially at high altitude..skiing.
I'm never tied down. Next weekend maybe?
Great! Taigate on Sat. Thank you for all the help and contributions to the kitty. Cat, Ryder and the whole crew- THANK YOU!! ZUZU is ROCK EN
I have stuff on my DVR farther back than that I haven't watched.
Hello mr. Chung
Fun video shoot for Yelp this am! Looking forward to seeing finished product! :)
should totally go get that spray tan with me :)
I wish I could concentrate.
Gotta pack today! Leavin for Jacksonville, Florida tomorrow mornin for our chorus state competition! Can i get a whoop whoop!? :)
Just took my dog on a 45 minute walk in 95 degree weather. He's exhausted & I'm sunburned. :/
Perhaps the implication is that growth ('uncomfortable) should be continual...versus continuous.
The phrase "Do Asian little girls play with Barbie?" led to our site. Shame on both of us, I suppose.
Big show and autograph session today!
follow me back so I can DM you more info about the party
yep! Got home about an hour ago. Only hit some traffic outside NYC and then again outside Boston. Good drive.
wtf haha, did you get one?
Goodmornin'(: Don't be sad!
Minnesota Center for Book Arts tour was really cool. Also, it's snowy here, but it's not *that* cold.
When Austin had a new video every week, singing with his little mic and playing the guitar. <3
yep! Of course I'm psyched to expand on practice of #participatorypolitics in dem. society for p2p elite/policy watchdogging.
He made me sound like Harry.
honestly its ok, we some men. That was a real nice video man, real sweet, real life.
The Teen Wolf trailer gave me chills.
"Decent flow to this period" cracked me up! Immature. You bet. Haha
The Cowboys season is over... Romo is not clutch... I'm officially a Broncos fan for the rest of the season
What bands are you guys listening to?
using a tarp for the rink? If so where's a good place to get it. I'm looking to get a 40 x 60.
What it do boss!!!
initiate the conversation with me. we can negotiate. i am a fan
it kind of looks like a bunker with all the concrete.
Anyone want to grab coffee or a drink or take a hike this weekend? I'd love to find a new trail for the dog.
who can i speak to about a buying internship at anthropologie/bringing etsy to anthro? thanks!!!
guess who got tickets to the improv tonight? This gal!! :-P
I dnt have Shit to say I just wanna make a status. Gotta problem with that... Delete me... I'm bored. Fwml
I literally can't get drunk off of beer. #collegeprobs #8deep :(
Now that North Carolina voters have taken a brave stand to defend marriage, what will the criminal penalties for adultery and divorce be?
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Caroline Welsh for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 14U Team
Housed From Edward!!!
I never actively participated in a movement, but I definitely read about them online. I guess I could be a 'passive' participant.
What is your ailment?
Palin is blasting for his views on gay marriage. She should be blading her mother for her #view from Russia
Happy April Fools' Day! [;<
lol awh I can just imagine u singing REALLY BAD :')
I'm starting to feel slightly better after my workouts. Slightly better than death.
It's #NewBrewThursday! Does anyone have any new beers lined up to try? What are they?
Hey just wanted to say how great it was seeing u at the game last night! Brought back a lot of good memories.
Congratulations Drew Stebbins! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
Since you like to play with fire then ima let us burn!
tonight tonight tonight atlanta! me, kate zambreno, gina myers, CA Conrad, Maggie Zurawski. beep beep gallery, 8pm. xo
Miami I love your new ballpark..but don't parade Ali out there..really.
We are recording our first full length album under dyskfunctional records right now but our revernation has some really old demo tracks
The best way to save water is to put an end to chinese water torture.
Please come by! We will be around for lunch all weekend.
shirts are ready whenever you get here! :-)
Giganto was one of the most awesome cartoons ever!
I am too! I finished the simulator now I'm just waiting to hear back!
All of my plans always get cancelled. I'm beyond sick and tired of it. :/ ttd video shoot?no. ttd show with atl?no. avengers?no. dinner?no.
Tmrw Feb 4th Americus GA DJ Crazy c The G&S Band & Juice Soul Grown & Sexy doors open at 10 B There!! www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
Dude .. the guy for Flight of the Concords won an oscar ...... Awesome
me to
sure I'll message you when I'm done :)
This is some of the reason I went natural...relaxers....are for the birds...
For 1st time in months I'm not waking up to construction sounds on Monday morning. Quiet now seems eerie, but still, AWESOME!
is it next Thursday yet?!? I am MORE than ready for the midnight premiere of The Hunger Games!
Omg....Star treck Episodes On Netflix ... LORD THANK YOU
brought new music for Christmas- La La Lonesome Ep, thanks guys!
Losing sucks but realizing how great the family is makes it better Food, fun, friends & football what else could a girl ask for?
Im paying Cablevision $120+ a month for TV.. You would think there would be a 24x7 #LFTC Channel on this fuckin thing..
We keep moving up guys just keep demanding us for the Z100 hometown heros contest!
How did they do a DNA match? And how do we know he's really dead?
my wife the culinary fan girl LOL
For those of you worried about my creative industry dress code, I was quite spiffy today. Even got complimented for my style.
"If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, in a state of civilization, it expects what never was and never will be." ~T.Jefferson
Tommorow getting back papers , Oh well , i not scared .
that moment when you on twiitter when you know you got homework to do...
how was raw ? i think cena is in the match after raw . dark match
No... thank you! RT Haha!! Thanks Mama!!
Leonard knocks down the 3. Spurs are up 21-4.
Choose to be present in this moment, for it is in this moment that joy resides and true transformation happens
haha. That was tweet able ;)
Sending you an email with current snip it of the track. Finishing it next week in the studio! Any new stuff?
The Weeknd ate that dirty Diana remake
forgot to include the smiley face. Just trying to get your goat!
if you don't vote Obama you're a racist!
many thanks for the klout! have a great night!
Quick nap before a hectic Mothers Day Weekend begins XD
just do a test drive in the dark to check out the head lights #priusv they do not give as much range as our previous car.
I'm not going to sleep so I'm gonna tweet leon :) hopefully he responds
Star Trek at the drive-in...this will be a different experience from IMAX!
IT'S on CUBA gooding JR in a TV show..
HA! Awesome that you still have that. Also, YES, if you still want to get rid of it/have it, I would love your cardboard TARDIS!
Cant remember lullabies so I sang Maggie old camp songs. Really need to brush up on kid music or she'll start to think her ears hang low.
OSHA recommends cleaning and disinfecting cooling systems quarterly or at a minimum of twice a year if the unit is not used year round.
Good point. We still have a way 2 go to reflect the true picture of our changing demographics. Any suggestions on further reading?
Thanks, Kaitlin. Hope all is well with you.
Bro. Chase, I want to personally congratulate you on being the SGA President-elect at Rust College. 11119..0006!
woahhhh I done unfollowed a lot of people tonight.
Had a wonderful time co-hosting on the Jim Laski show tonight on WGN 720AM Radio... will post the pod cast once its available. Thank you f…
#RIPCaitlin i didn't know you but you'll always be family to me.
21 Jumps Street... hilarious!
Roy got offered either Canadians GM or Head Coach... He turn it down?
Word. I love him, he's crazy smart! We hollered for you, btw!
April 27 RT : When are announcements for the American Express Leadership Academy going out?
ooh yeah! i just downloaded a page from Bronx, NY for indexing. maybe i'll see some family? :-)
see you tomorrow at FortJackson
There have been times, such as during the 1970s in New York, when I have lost everything I have owned, everything.
We're doing #BalminGilead now, #RomeoandJuliet next! Can you think of similarities between any Lanford Wilson and Shakespeare plays?
Now I Look Back On The Way I used To Act, I Feel Quite Ashamed. Used To Smoke, Drink, Party All The Time - What Was I Thinking.
Sorry if is too much for you, twitters. She's a passionate soul.
lmao all rubbing herself for the world to see. Hahaha that skinny waist be turning on the old geezers :p lmfao!
Cinco de Mayo Trivia! The very first football player host of SNL was a (former-fixed) New York Giant in the 1970s. Who was it?
The Tebow basher's came out in full force this week....it'll be funny to see them walk home with tail between legs after DENVER beats PITT
#MyFavMichealJacksonSong... ROCK MY WORLD!!
Great powerplay work for the #Caps to get that goal. Washington is 15 minutes away from taking the 3-2 series lead.
I hate when that happens. What app is that?
agreed! Also don't forget: eat, eat, eat.
I too have worked in many settings but have had my own priv prac for past 7 years - still love it.
Good luck to the Jumpstart team running for kids in the Boston Marathon today! Thanks for your dedication and inspiration.
Working on my third proposal this week! Can't u just send me a check?
"Suite of Old American Dances" is a piece you'll hear at our July 10th concert. Win tickets by finding a performance of this piece online.
If #Lin were Buddhist would the media spend as much time talking about his faith?
Kate Crawford says the Internet can entrench prejudice and also nimbly expose the underlying causes of prejudice that we should address
#nercomp11great session at udl tools for universal learning
"Steve, why don't you bring your iPad anymore?" *thinking in my head* 'Cause bitches like you grab it like if it was yours <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>.
how about the bottle of torched cherry rum too! ;)
I know it's only hockey, but I feel like someone died.
Woo no work today and tomorrow wow no money coming fail Dx
"I'm young, I'm fine, & I'm black" - about 5 minutes ago. And my new morning affirmation
imu 2 but okay when do you want me to call???
What's your number-one fitness challenge?
Congrats to Paul VI- a 70-62 winner over Coolidge. A GREAT Game!!
18 days till spring ball
but i'm glad people are playing with this!
but you're not even here yet....
RT : A reader writes: "Edward is 124 and Bella is 16. Does that make him a pedophile?"
Cinco De Mayo Tourney...where is everyone playing at today?
Expecting BIG things from the Lord this week! Starting off by giving Him some praise in the choir on Sunday.
wet your noodle
Awesome, appreciate the support!
is it super hot there?
the only thing kara's mom was upset about was not seeing hunger games tonight
Such a cinephile RT : I've never been a fan of Buffy or anything, but after The Avengers I'm now worshiping at the alter of Whedon
RT “: Alright I guess Im not sleeping. too excited for tonight with my boys.”
#greysanatomy. Flare gun not working. Wow...didn't see that one coming. (pure sarcasm) I'm done with this show!
Very liberating to have decided diet was going to be "flexible" today *before* being upgraded for flight home. Thank you !
You better live every day like it's your last day, because one day you're going to be right. ~ Ray Charles
Power out at chateau #sanaanawinds time to go home......
I will Lou. (I sent you a Direct Message)
“Goodbye? Oh, no, please. Can’t we go back to page one and do it all over again?–Pooh”
Watching do homework as i do nothing
#BackInElementarySchool I used to wear cute overalls
Good morning tweethearts! I love you all! *Bretana
Tune in nightly for something different: international holiday music! From Jamaica, Lithuania, Sweden, and more!
It's fun to tweet about #citizendiplomacy. You get to see just how much people care about
please take a picture and send it to me!!!!
I was afraid you wouldn't want to make that trade and I can't say I blame you. I would take your thunderstorms any day.
Trolling myself & sobbing listening to songs from their first album <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Happy Birthday to me, Happy Birthday to me, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday to me;).
Working on putting some gigs together. Details coming soon.
Mary Jeffers, GWU #PublicDiplomacy Fellow, says relationships facilitate positive economic benefits in localities.
hey Joanna! Sup?
thank you both for supporting the movement to
2 of my fave new authors of books both came from Tulsa Oklahoma. I wanna meet them. :)
She said Ray Charles was deaf!!!! I'm dying! If he couldn't hear, how did he know what keys to play on the piano?!?!?!
From Dead To Worse: A Sookie Stackhouse Novel
We know it can be hard. You aren't our only student, just like we aren't your only exam. It will all be over soon!
I'm money motivated, and it's a
Twitfession: I sometimes tweet just to tweet. Nuthin really to say.
if you have to count to dance you cant dance. dancing you feel like sex just go with it.
Tiesto Tomorrow ! You dont want to miss out!!
Wikipedia is advocating for using Wikipedia as a layer over ongoing projects. For curators, educators, teachers, professors.
#ThingsThatINeed: peace in my heart & home & thankfully I have both :)
To the face!
Whoops No. 2 is from Cheryl Miller, who called Haier America "AIR America" instead of "HIGHER America." Tough night for TNT's announcers.
New idea for #Cinefessions. Look for a couple eps next week: one concluding the Rez Evil marathon, then one on Marvel Marathon.
Have you seen our new site Hottest Gay Chat www.hottestgaychat.com Lots of things to see and talk about
Finding the Humor in Divorce - Huffington Post (blog)
“I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends
freakin' KILLED it!
investigating report of a bomb at Cleveland High. School has been evacuated. No explosive device found so far.
Their already saying enjoy your summer! Last week of school feels so good to know this
how is it an out of control judicial system..are other countries judicial systems better ?
Wow!!! Wow! Debacle!
Wet the bed by chris brown>>>
Need a ride to our Open Mic/Talent Night at 8pm today in Hadley Village? Pickups will be at 7:45pm in the SU Lobby!
hey : Venezuela,Chile,CostaRica,Brazil,Perú,Colombia,Argentina,Mexico and the others #LatinAmericaNeedsPurpleGlassesToo :D
cool shot!
Wow, just found out that Lana Del Ray's real name is Lizzie Grant
after the drama from last year...not sure how this would play out in Denver. If Broncos sign Manning, keep or trade Tebow?
my condolences.
Allocco is one of the very best hs coaches in the country!!! I rate him up there w/anyone, even Hurley. Not sayin he is better
Man, it's like "Where's Waldo" in this gym. Can't find a weight, nothing's re-racked...
Wait, this is related to the recall? I thought this was a genealogy question.
For a good time:
thanks thanks and thanks <U+263A> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
RT : Baylor has been jobbed today, I didn't realize Kentucky had Elite 8 refs on the payroll too
Settin up shows after february... Be ready !! It's goin down ! OH, VA, NY, WV... game over !
Have a great day tweeps & best wishes in all your endeavors.
Nothing turns men and women into little kids like iPad delivery day. Hope your kids don't see these tweets!
Quick CORRECTION -- Raytown, MO tickets on Sale January 13th!!
People should never write blogs from the perspective of their cat. You’re embarrassing your cat.
Uh-uh. Not when I'm there!
I love how me and are singing together while were in different rooms lol
:( I like how we tagged Harry in this xD
IPAs don't make me jealous, yo. ;-)
I'm free for a piano lesson next week. That is, if your still up for the challenge young skywalker.
NO RT : haha -- my goal for the month is to do something under 3,000 words for you guys -- hold me to it!
Always startled to see someone reading a magazine. Not The New Yorker (ubiquitous) The Atlantic or even TIME, but e.g. Women's Day.
Thank you for the follow! Hope you have a wonderful Thanksgiving :)
That's it it's final. I'm growing my hair out and slicking it back
Watching Wango Tango on my phone! :)
Gatlinburg RT : where are you going?? Tell me Hilton head!
when you make money you just keep on wanting more
Shits about to get crazy
ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL ??? A MONDAY NIGHT PARTY!!!
nothing like a big bad daddy of a memory on tape.
The difference between "can" and "cannot" are only 3 letters. Don't let 3 little letters stand in your way on anything that you want to do.
so upset.
im hungry A'F & then i won't be able to eat something after school cuz im going to a ceremony fml!
Do you have a thick skin with your songs? How do you handle rejection?
wtf??? wow thats horrible. He has horrible kids im sorry. He would NEVER raise them to be that. horrible
SERIOUSLY Jimmy Saturday taking up time on Hack Day?!
ya bud?
Sweet Mike Watt reference btw...
I really want to pick piano back up. Any recommendations on affordable, quality keyboards for beginners? It's been years since I've played.
loves quiet time at work when its just me until everyone comes in at 8:30.
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter as long as I'm laughin with you. All that still matters is love ever after.
How do you pick a pineapple?
Come on Packers! Let's get it!!
Lol how does Britney Griner only average 9 rebounds she's 6'8.. There isn't another girl in college basketball over 6'5!
feeling unmotivated? take a stroll through staples. a shot of work-adrenaline.
don't have anything musical, but a pizza-pizza sound bite would be funny
Attending the Techweek Expo? Be sure to check out , providing #mobile strategy, app development & enterprise architectures.
Hey I like those... They deserve no such simple joys as watching a cat stuck in a cardboard box!
Really deep thoughts tonight. Essentially about how EVERYTHING you do, no matter how small, affects the world.
That was great. Love this show like I love sushi.
#GoodFriday reminds me of 1 Cor 15:55 - O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?
Same! Good convo and insight. Thx
Involved in advertising & marketing in the US? You should follow my friend and former FTC NE Region head
#UConn coach Jim Calhoun will take indefinite medical leave of absence due to spinal stenosis.
omG my last RT Andy is seeing Priscilla omfg
I take it you're a huge artist vs poet fan haha
True RT Really loved the Basquiat documentary at , as said, it's weird to think of him as an underdog.
Josh Hamilton is no joke. O's ran into a buzz saw the last two nights. Still a long seasons.
: hehe, Aw thanks ...sleepy=slaphappy=waytoogiggley
Good idea.
spring break its been real. 3.5 weeks left nd schools dunzoo
I hate this so much.
Hello everyone, great Sunday in LA,
I agree. I will be behind Perry until the end.
Good morning going to school have a good day!
The 6 o'clock neighbor is cutting her grass...and the mower sounds sickly.
Thanks for the RT Mark // I hope your week is starting off on the right foot ... Cheers!
you come up? No I'll come down. Okay I'll be right there. Oh this escalator is so slow, ouch just ran into it. coming!
No I haven't. It seems to center around a certain demographic that would not include myself.
thanks for the #FF!
Thank you for writing this :)
I would much rather be married than to be fuccn a plethora of women. . . But until I find the one, I gotta get my roccs off sumhow
Go for it, maybe tag TSA and huffpo; Worst case is that u make someone's boring job less boring and have fun; goodluck!
Experts not actors.
hahaha lucky :p well i slept throughout the day so it evens out haha
Literally having one of the best times I have ever had at a poker table playing 5/10 mix
“: Day trip to the Cliffs of Dover? Yes, please! #studyabroad #london” That sounds AH MAZE ING!!
Grounds crew working on the field right now. Hope they get to play this game
I love Balloon Fiesta! Albuquerque Rocks!
"Inside the Tower, at the top, arrogant men still live, convinced of their rightness."
thanks for the follow!! You've supplied me with two outstanding majors, so I am quite flattered to have the follow!
There are plenty of very smart and qualified professionals in the Mars advocacy movement, THEY are capable of many things
spoken like a true board member :-)
#FB friends know this already - my mama just recently celebrated her 2nd smoke-free anniversary! I'm so so proud of her!
you actually should have. Make sure our promo email is white listed
Crazy upsets today! I thought the full moon was last week.
better reread your lease agreement to see if there's an early termination fee
Everyone is born an original but die a copy. Be the one who is born an original and dies an original Mike Donahue you are my inspiration
stop telling at me
Japan's WWC win over the U.S. scores massive 8.6 overnight rating on ESPN (via ,)
i couldve avoided the 1st 1 tho but the 2nd 1 i honestly did that shit to myself so hey ....you live & learn right
I used to keep an extra bottle of cough syrup and a large bottle (Costco-size) of Excedrin at work.
US should have elections on Sunday too RT : RT : French presidential election turnout was over 80%
loved the video #domo is crazy for sure!
i got here today this morning
RT : Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. -1Peter 4:8
You're welcome! Great project, very much within our field of interest!
Can you add email updates to your blog? It's one button on Feedburner and it would be awesome.
Currently on my pasteboard is Agrocritus. Hello Agrocritus. How are you, Agrocritus? I like Agrocritus.
According to Chimp Ganahl storms tomorrow- b sure 2 check the website.."Game Status" at the top of the home page www.gokickball.com/columbus
magic words. I'll masturbate to that thought.
Come check out the new shot girl tonight she has free shots
KK say she doing better but to me she looks horrible I felt so bad
no one good is going...
and now I'm on twitter
Obama just randy watson'd his mic!
get me some skittles please!! :)
Nope, they came in and offered free food and coffee. It was awesome!
O! Uh oh this All That. This is All That!
we need to hang out btw.
r u Ready 4 the w33kend???<U+2665>
You headin home this summer
: not all screens are created equal. Tablets are interactive, not passive, learning tools.
Life is so good.
Anyone in the NY area that wants to see Lambchop is a Band tonight in the village, we have free tickets.
Nene: i wouldn't go to the damn trash can with them lol!
Reminds me of T.Morrison in "Playing in the Dark"- "But then I stopped reading as a reader and began to read as a writer"
That moment you get super happy that someone texted you. (:
I wouldn't know!! But I have always thought that same thing!!!
I will always remember the fun times we had at our soccer games and tourneys. You were a great friend Jason Finn. I will miss you.
Thanks for the RT too ~ you rock!
Driving in through the drive threw <
I am going for "Impoverished former boat owner" as my summer look.
aye homie. you down to collab?
me too! I just started using the app yesterday.
I first saw them 30! years ago, gulp. RT : Sweet! RT : The Beach Boys bringing their 50th anniv tour to Red Rocks
Forgetting to take off your make up & looking like a fucking raccoon the next morning. <<<<<
Well this sucks
Unfortunately, no. I've nvr learned it :-(
World Peace is Galahnari's kryptonite
but imma let u know when its happenin
Ready to go get some lunch and do some shopping with r u ready sis
Ah another late night! Time to get some shut eye. Gonna work on the rally car then some character sketches tomorrow, big day! =)
love the picture! :) Nice to meet you last week-- hope you're having a good one!
Facebook still needs some work - they just placed Devon England, where I did a drawing, in the center of Saudi Arabia!
ESPN's John Anderson will host the first Wisconsin Sports Award.
Aha Shake Shartbreak
theres no way you guys could ever look bad if youre with eachother
Things just change , with and without a reason .
President Olli speaks now on the Inplementation of the #UN Decleration on the rights of #Indigenous Peoples in the
He just sits there, and stares at like the wall. Haha
thats off the chain
Taught a reference class to 50 people and it went well.
ty Kim its sure been a big blessing to me & logie.Blake has adopted him as his uncle as well.plus w/school out, i get a break
#sca2012 Various cities using HistoryPin to compile their own history. A really great example of social media in action.
U in town may 10? Hosting a happy hour
If the sun were to explode, we wouldn't know about it for 8 minutes. That's how long it takes for light to travel from the sun to the earth.
sorry but its spring break for us
teaching actual, live students today! wish me luck!
Don't miss live entertainment in Red Bar this Sat from 9:30pm-12:30am! Jeremiah Allen Duo performs.
That is: if you're not looking for evidence vs. the things you want to believe, you're just as likely to be wrong as anyone else.
i miss the people that i used to talk to last summer.
thanks for asking. No one was hurt save my windshield. And hopefully, the rock won't be flying around anymore.
You sound just like *my* son with those shoes. Make sure you take care of your mother first. (smiling)
Proper Twitter shout out to for having the crew out to #Buffalo to rock his album release party!
people are so funny these days
Author Musician Poet Photographer Enjoyed Patti Smith interview; inspiring life/career/ contributions
Twugs back you :)
If you could have fun ... do a version of #mayhem ... or animate it ... or splice in 80s movie clips ...
My ped pals will put a Oohhh to the glamor of your feet. Even the1st washing w/a ped. pal will promise that you and your sandals will smile
I found it sad too. I think ILL is a great service; I've used it countless times.
Throwd off I'm thinking today Wednesday #ThankGod for seeing
"Love actually" is a great movie! Is pop corn included?
Done with HW rdy for tomorrow! #realmadrid last game this season! Big party going down in that stadium #champs! #MiamiHeat game 1!
i believe you're correct, trying to see what I can find out before we hear the official word.
Last day at Hamline.
hahahha awesome. Got a fav app?
James Atlas article in NYTimes provokes thinking - loved quote from Walt Whitman “I loaf and invite my soul.” Less superness more loafing
Fuck mindless behavior damn
BEAUTY TIP: Spray an unscented body lotion w/ a squirt of ur fave perfume for a long lasting light scent.
Mom look! "Oh, that's nice sweetie." Oh that's cool how you saw without looking..
Hm... I can't seem to "like" the CheeseheadTV facebook page. What's up with that ? I even followed the link on the website :(
SAT word of the day: credulity (n.) readiness to believe
Its that time of the year!!!
We're happy to hear that!! We love to know our shirts are helping heal people.
thanks for the air time and this fantastical Ravens blanket. It's going in the Boy's crib. You are a giver, my friend!
I'm nicer than those japanese niggas in ping pong
By the time these #GUCampusPlan shenanigans wrap up, half the undergrads from when the plan was filed will have graduated.
Very good! How are you Conal?! Are you coming to LA anytime? Would love to see you!
I <3 VAMPS EVEN THO IM ON TEAM JACOB! WEIRD HUH!
Our Moore location has been restocked with your favorite goodies!
hell nah. It's time the NBA got a female coach!
hey the tunes sound good man - keep it up! I'm checkin' out your wordpress site and some youtube vids - diggin' it for sure!
Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend! :)
Thanks for following us!
JT and I rocked out to the Beastie Boys this morning.
BOOM, changed my name.. everything else I wanted was taken
RT : Step into the biggest version of yourself. Let go of limiting thoughts & other people's opinions. Let your light shine.
Girls stay spreading bad news about you to their friends! #Iswear! And it don't even be like that!
": Majic Johnson does not have frickin AIDS, if he did.. he no longer does" worst tweet ever
Chilly outside! Come warm up in the 10 minute Deluxe bed!!
Aggravated, when people want to control you or try to get your attention #NotWorthMyTime bye ;)
RT “: #MentionTo your friend who's good at rapping.”
new video hot i need ass like that lol! :-)
I was taking a msg for my boss. The guy on the phone said his name was Jeff dahmer. After I hung up I got that "wait a minute" expression.
Nada Surf at the Fillmore.
Awwah thank you bab, so is yours <3 x
im feeling good.. had a hm kinda day but a awesome fucin night lol
Better from the plague of last wk I've cleaned & sanitized my desk and weeded thru all my files. But in the process, I've lost my voice. WTF
The #Tigers did jump up and bite us, pretty bad. They're still Behind, tho.
comin to the show tomorrow?!
Today seems like a god day . but at the end of today i know that will change.
Damn #Knicks are fighting till the end vs.
that's what I'm talking about silly. How do you expect me to get a cd today.
yeeaahhh :) & a lot more to come >:D
ugh, that sounds like a torturous drive. I'm going to KOP. Anything west of philly is a nightmare drive.
The Alaskan territory was bought from Russia for $7.2mil
"Losing ur remote in you're dam blankets"
& you spelled "Principal" wrong on my Janet typography Tshirt & bag. It's the 'principle' of the matter lol. Best!
no way! Congratulations! That is super exciting news. I know life hasn't been going your way. You deserve some good news..
Oh my god, YES <3 I miss burlesque dancing in there xD
i farted
i wanted to get it:)
I'm already diggin this time change. More #golf and time to
Become an expert in your field and get coverage by offering advice. Everyone is an expert on something, and the media uses the term loosely.
Trying to find Clementine gown on Paper Crown and having trouble. Perfect wedding dress!
thanks!!! So exciting! See you at ICA next week?
One possibility is that I'd go back to about 2500 BC to Skara Brae and watch the evacuation and figure out why they left.
yeah. :/ i told our sister today, i thought she knew.
RT : Everyone go wish a very Happy Birthday.
damnn girl. I Just Liked his Status; its not like i fuckin asked him for a Kiss.
King Mo in TNA Wrestling,what a jackass!
On the boredom scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the most bored, I would say mine is at about 2576.
IT IS WAY TO HOT! IM DIEING. ITS WEIRD THOUGHT CUZ JUSTIN ISN;T IN MY ROOM.. AWKWARD... BUT OMG ITS SOO FREAKING HOT
is the bomb
#Brewers beat the Reds 8-3. Gallardo gets the win. Brewers are now 13-17 on the year.
If you tweeted me tonight it would make my day oh and hi your amazing lol just saying I hope one day I can meet you!(: ILY!
My favorite #GOTMom is Daenerys, the Mother of Dragons. I really hope she finds them tonight!
At the movies ( :
Last day of school is Wednesday! :-)
Oh, The Good Wife. Still amazed that you amaze me every week.
my hard drive, professors, and phone all just shat on my head in a span of 5 minutes...blunt time
what's the competition who can walk the most casually, or who can casually walk the fastest
All those fairy tales are full of shit, one more fucking love song, I'll be sick.
Why cant i change my dj name on facebook just because I have more than 100 likes?? Mm weird.
Looking at u I would eat it to. leave it all running. thats how the freaks do
You should go with Twicca.
Dean Smith: notes declining state support and unfounded mandates like staff benefits and pension obligations.
been a great day for my daughters prom too
What a panel! Doug Johnson, , Nelson, Shannon Miller, ! #ISTE11 Library rock stars!
hahahaha i hope he pretend not to see it! :p
I am excited to say that my next book is out Fire and Ice check it out at Xlibris.com
*sighs right back*
Austin #3WordForYou Your F*cking HOT!
Reboletti: Had bad public policy covered by good Econ for yrs. If keep doing this, we will fall into abyss. No one relishes impact of bill.
Really??? You are in your 30's / not in a band and you are sporting a red Mohawk ???
Offering a new program in partnership with Mark Kamin & Associates called Transformational Branding. Details to come.
Actually, it is my daydreaming about the party on Labor Day. You will probably be there...
I love my best friend patsy!<3
not a person? really, read much biology? don't be anti-science
I like how they have locations around the world. Something really cool to do while you travel! A unique momento
Play on sticks: Today it's play on sticks day. Walk around the house and practice stick on stick playing. Fun for entertaining!
Filmed the mall stuff on my old camera (Nikon coolpix)... um we have 54 video clips
Can't wait to see you on #VD ! =]
keep my flip flops as a souvenir!! lmao
thank you to one of our fav customer!
Thank you Glenn!
34K would probably be bigger than UT's average graduating class. That can't be all students.
Nun much chillin
Doesn't surprise me.
Alcohol poisoning! Not cool at all :(
I followed you! c;
I'm home, but sick...feels good 2 be with friends (virtually) again!
friend visits her son home on leave this w-e from a place not worth a good argument, let alone fighting. God bless him.
I wasn't in the attic for 5mins n I'm sweating
I get money for that, no?
your son got knocked the fuck out because he had his head down...its not "criminal intent" its hockey
“Take care of your body. It’s the only place you have to live.” — Jim Rohn
Bout to be makin beats like crazy tonite
The bra section. The only place in the world where you fail if you get an A.
If you are so afraid of making a mistake that you do nothing, then two things happen: You don’t learn; You make no money.
Only played 2 hands on first level and doubled up on one of them :-)
So good especially with all the work I've been doing!
I like John Grisham's novels.. just read Confessions in 3 days..
can't wait to play this Saturday !!
Community sucks. Everyone agrees except you and some other neck beards. Get over it.
I hope there's a day when Cancer is just a zodiac sign.
I want a new Litespeed....
I remember doing that too. 10 minutes every day. Then I got into python and I stopped playing video games with rare exceptions.
: sorry dude, but can't make it out to Matsumoto's. Too far and i got Bible Study at 5:30... Maybe next time
Or Favre's body parts!! Someone's DMing me pics of cats giving hugs. Much better than foot.
These ant bites<<<<<<
I swea if i was to move away my mama nd sister wouldnt know what to do.
My girl #VERSACE'D DOWN...looking like a
Great initial response in debate
Busy summer I have. Atlanta in June, Ohio in July, Atlanta in August, Los Angeles in August. And I'm just getting started!
AAK! No! Don't do it!
: Please consider the Penn Quarter area (Metro Center & Gallery Place). National Portrait Gallery is a popular food truck spot.
I'm having gammon for tea
Jus took a shower. Didn't have no shoes or nothin on.
I watched it last night for the first time. I love it. I think it will be a great show.
I'm so happy nd proud of RT if u feel the same way(:
All measurements for the "Beach-Body Blast-Off" done! These women are ready to rock!
Love is a sweet pain<3
MARTY!!!! Protein drink
TONIGHT! LIVE IN THE MIX AT EL MERCADO BALLROOM!! BIG DEBUT!!
your welcome
#dead! lol okay
hey! im back in canada :) maybe we can meet up before i leave in 2 days
Yay veggies! Glad it reminded you of me. :D
Why can't it be Christmas so Santa can be bring this!! I know what I'm asking for this year!!
nice Len - ABC
um yea
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , , and !
Oh criminy. My dear one CJ has come out and Teal in. I wanted a goal for him tonight. next time.
They just do not put the same value on marketing that you and I do. They don't budget time or $$. It isn't easy for everyone.
Today is Day 2 of Milwaukee Film Fest 2011. What are you looking forward to seeing?
glad you're reading C.Dweck. I've been citing her often, D.Goleman too ..
I think that's a good reason for me to learn learn how to ride a motorcycle.
I need to start my paper
Yes... He eats it on his burgers all the time & it's on the bun ;-)
don't by it. QBs w/ that special quality always rise. Never blame def. Or OL.
That is some good stuff. Is some of your guys' stuff on that website?
Close - the major mismatch is that wears a tie - have you ever seen me wear a tie?
Academe, n.: An ancient school where morality and philosophy were taught. Academy, n.: A modern school where football is taught.
Nice work!
tomorrow and friday
going to LA for the weekend to see my college friends, enjoy your day!
Worked a bit on designs for iPhone cases, can't wait to finish them up
Chillen today. Haircut then probably pool. Have a great day everyone.
find anything good? :)
Great #trainingtips appearing here soon! Follow #BPG11 for great tips from our conference this week.
I have a friend who's uncle believes he is Jesus. Lol
Bailey bby, follow me maybe? ;) your Gunna kill it tonight <3
Feel So Close by Calvin Harris >>>
I usually do wear a glove...
R u working full time this summer?
Illegal Length Mascara....... I want it :)
1st of all you're a bitch, and 2nd of all you're a bitch.
awww. How sweet!
did you give him some $$ then?
Oh what a catch by Nyger Morgan! T-Plush taking maybe a HR away from Scott Rolen. NICE!
Once I talk about fresh kids I see this video posted on YouTube. It's pretty great. LOL
The maker of the Pete the Popcorn jacket
You guys are doing an awesome job!
Had a great turnout at fundraiser breakfast this morning, but we can still use your help. Go to www.hacolo.org and click “donate now.”
Are you sure the #IowaDebate is on ABC?... I thought "The Biggest Loser" was on NBC!
I did use the "May the fourth be with you" line several times today. It's a new holiday for me now.
just wait for the playoffs. Ravens steelers rematch in the afc championship game
I just want some neck right now
I want to go on a photoshoot again.
My previous RT really resonated with me. I love leading post-shows and I guide my talks similarly. Good read
I want to see Josh Hutcherson get punk'd
Your songs fricken rock! good to see you again!!! :)
Alexi Lalas still has a chip on his shoulder & he's wrong!
save some for us, if you can
At work, people kept asking about if I was going to party, I told them I might have 2 beers. Drank earl grey instead.
no chance....
RT : Respond online as if someone is in front of you and don't be scared of "customer service" & other for-profit concepts.
yes!!!! I think I miss you more than ! (; just kidding!! Miss u bothh so much!!
Good Day Twitter..
BIG NEWS: Jennifer Milans New Video is On Fire - SOS 8000 view in a few days digistarmgt.com/jennifer.html
those are amazing. You should be proud.
Give me a shout next time you're at the zoo. Right next door!
The guest conductor reminds me of Ellen DeGeneres
Reading this good book and i don't read at all !
Just ordered a new laptop! After 5 years of solid service, my thinkpad is now in steady decline
They say this shit gone catch up to me i keep tissue paper.
they put the ball in the middle and left. 0-0
Someone come cuddle and watch Netflix with me.
COMING UP ONLY TO HOLD YOU UNDER #thefuneral #BandOf<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B4>s
New Year, new terrain. I am going to really need my yoga sessions to maintain inner peace!!
You got my email, yes? Otherwise you're at waiting for me...
thanks Andrew, appreciate the feedback! Hope all is well
Hi Kevin, I came across your company. Are you doing any hiring for developers?
That's right! :)
YES > RT “: truth is when these videos hit, calls come and so do the contracts. I've seen it happen. #revideo”
Goodnight twitterverse I love y'all so much <U+E32A><U+E32D><U+E328><U+E32B><U+E022>
What's with and the girls? They didn't act like they loved so much when she was alive.
Broadcaster Distances Itself From News Corp. - New York Times
No money No bail!
Dr. Phil was legit today <U+E00E> I can think of at least 10 right now that I want to make sit down and watch it..
Hold the goddamn phone. is going to Cornell next year? god damn it i totally believed it for a second.
Wow, that's awesome that you are asking. Thank you. Have a great night!
After all our talk about how Die Hard is one of the best christmas movies ever I got a shot gun for christmas! Its destiny!
it sucks, cuz we only have 2 hours to go shopping! I hate it!!
Social networking is a little like selecting a tomato. Gotta squeeze a few before you find the perfect match.
Classy guy. One of the best to work with in my career. RT : I wish the and the city/people of Milwaukee all the best.
stop by and see us.
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music
Listening to health care consultant discuss city's health care costs with Lexington-Fayette Urban County Council.
it's hard to watch! Every error always turns into runs.
Um...yeah. Aroldis Chapman is great.
Mike Barrett: I loved the broadcast tonight but could you please stop saying, "Blazers with the biggest lead of the game."
tweet back :> working on figuring it all out!
Thanks for the RT of Mike's tweet, Dave; now I'm going to follow my own advice and pick up another copy. :-)
Let a series of happy thoughts run through your mind. They will show on your face.
im bout to go outside and bake!!!
cross country sucked. I was 27 out of 120. It was unfair, i did 5 laps when everyone did 3
Please follow her!! >> shes amazing :D
Great game. Fantastic city. Awesome week! So so proud.
He's a nice guy; happier talking about Silicon Teens than the Normal, if memory serves.
#ineedtostop Trying to Keep conversations alive when all you do is keep replying with One word answers or "lol" "k"
I don't understand why people cheat, if you're really that unhappy, leave. Stop being unfaithful, its obnoxious as hell.
If Shaq can fit in the new Buick Lacrosse, i shouldn't have a problem. :) finally...
Not up in here
Agreed. Pretty cool.
chilling. Getting ready for the 22nd
Big storms going through the area all evening and still going on. Power outages across the region...
lol fam you crazy dude your a MONSTER on kit Shreddin the World in Half with them shades on!
I'll watch one more episode, but the pilot alone was horrible. Like I want to smack them kind of horrible.
When we first met, I had no idea you would be s<U+0336>o<U+0336> <U+0336>i<U+0336>m<U+0336>p<U+0336>o<U+0336>r<U+0336>t<U+0336>a<U+0336>n<U+0336>t<U+0336> <U+0336>t<U+0336>o<U+0336> <U+0336>m<U+0336>e<U+0336>. SUCH A BITCH.
Don't cry just say fuck you and smile. <3
Big shout out to the finest inspiring us every day to be the best people we can be.
oh I thought u worked there too lol
ARG Zend. "BagIt" gets automagically routed as bag-it? That's kind of aggressively clever, and it just cost me like 3 hours...
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
Actually, it's been one of the more sunny weeks! Pretty nice around here.
That awkward moment when your dad thinks that every boy you talk to is your boyfriend.
This week concentrating on the Merchants that need a payroll company Change!
our friends at UC-San Diego Cancer Center are doing study on fertility & cancer in women 18-44, if want to share:)
working on tomorrows nerdy bits and am staggering through it. my ADD is so... oh look I got a fresh scab to pick
#protip Send passports and itineraries to yr point of border cross to ensure a swift band crossing or, you know, if yr passports get jacked.
Thanks so much for your kind words! We're here to help if you need anything! Glad 2 hear the teachers/students like it, too!
i was never really a big fan but after listening to You and Me.. i feel absolutley in love with him and his voice <33
Better crazy line "crazy with a side of crazy" or "bat shit crazy"?
#FF , and They've all got great tips and info to share!
will we see you at the tradeshow?
Sex Sex Sex Sex Sex Sex Sex. Its too late to realize u dnt wanna read this
What are your favorite memories from past Kihncerts? Lots of rockin' goin' on... :)
Be sure to check out #FemaleinEvolution #FIE tweets from & Definitely worth your time. Great job ladies.
What's up with you?
Kinda wanna go out tonight... But I have no wingman!!
I will try to tweet it later tonight I have to upload the video on my computer and convert the file in order to tweet it. :)
Ivan b. (stop) was dead for 4 hours.(stop) arose like Lazarus thanks to s tequila Gatorade. (stop). Go lakers (stop) m-code
Now I'm imagining listening to the My Little Pony theme song on his new headphones.
Before you let your heart do all the talking, let your brain do the editing
I can't believe someone wants to #FF me! thanks! i will try to post more than once in a moonlight moment.
Austin loves his Mahomies . RT if you love Austin more then words can explain <3
I'm happy but not content,I recently met my soulmate and I'm excited about that
sorry to say I agree with him.
Thank god my brothers alive , I don't know what I would do without him I would literally go crazy.
I hate that awkward moment when you're at a friends house and their parents are yelling at them.
can you send me the pictures of me and bianca please??
Oh and GOOD MORNINNNN to all of you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
Today feels like a day where I just want to lay in bed all day. I've almost accomplished that but I've so much to do!
Congrats Mr. Perfect
Two position players pitching in the 17th inning of the Os Red Sox game.
Thx 2 all vols who helped us bring 1000 gift baskets 2 our sick clients & their kids. Despite economy, generosity thrives!
thanks for the retweet!
*Klingon & the company I'm working with for the next couple weeks has done a coupe production of Klingon Shakespeare.
had to copy and post this on my Facebook ,, thanks for posting it here
Thanks much!
Opening day #Miami Marlins
#ZING RT : Who is this Curt with a K? He is the Curt/Kurt That Sucks.
definitely considering it!
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go. ~ William Feather
Tremendous disappointment that national federation of state high school associations failed to adopt a shot clock for high school basketball
I'm in love with you too :)<33
I want to fucking go home.
twitter travo D:.
The next NBA Champions...laugh now, but I'll get the last laugh.
As much as I plan on watching every second, it looks like Network with twitter and blackberries
Started my book today. My blog too. For me, writing is exhilarating!!
Those times when you just wanna escape everything and run away with that one person <3
Yes, let's hash it out over airport vouchers and beneath the murmur of boarding announcements!
Would you & Mom like a $10 DD card & to see Motherhood the Musical George? Reply to us by 9am & we'll pick name at random to win.
I'm unconvinced about the quality of much of the work though.
Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself. Friedrich Nietzsche (1844 - 1900)
Co-Producing an audiobook with Actor Alex Hyde-White at Studio 9 in Hollywood!
yes. I haven't even EATEN steak yet though. Just ground beef in like spaghetti sauce.
WHY DO I EVEN HAVE SPLIT ENDS. I DON'T EVEN STRAIGHTEN IT. WHAT THE HELL.
Every time I hear someone yell"YOLO" my only reply is you obviously lack originality...
So sick of hearing other people complain about working when they only stay for 3 hours. I work 11 in a day.
as many as you want. I gave six as a suggestion. But the more important thing is that they are random times!
And again I find myself in the lib. Not doing my homework. And wanting to drink.
spreading the love... i like your style, chandra
RT Let's Not Just Beat the GOP in Nov, Let's Elect the Most Progressive Congress America Has Ever Seen! Who's with Me?
Yes! School focus on conformity is a MAJOR issue for gifted learners #gtchat - especially when their interests aren't "same"
Overheard lots of talk about 1865 America last Saturday at Can't wait to see/hear whats in store this week.
Hats off to you as an oncology RN.Thank you for the good wishes.We thank for their support,too.You go grads.
Dwight Yoakam playin 'Little Sister' @ Floore Country Store. Yeah!
RT “: I can't stand it when these damn "Twitter Celebs" have to retweet every compliment they get..Unfollowing”
that joint has been on my mind for a lil bit .. and i miss #stateprop .. music during my #collegeyears :-)
Gather your thoughts.
Happy Monday, everyone! If you live in Chicago, please check out , our new free app that gives you cash back on every purchase. Thx!
“: BREAKING: Earthquake shakes Mexico City, causing tall buildings to sway, people to evacuate. Quake in Sumatra, one in Oregon earlier.
Just finished 5 Things You Need to Know This Week for front page of Monday's Indianapolis Star. Includes plant sale!
Newt Gingrich's campaign is over $5-million in debt. I guess that proves he's qualified to be president.
Wiki said site viewed 162 million times, with 8 million following instructions to contact politicians. Courtesy BBC News Technology
Dont Cry because its over, Smile because it happened.8
but you said you would <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
no heads up that our trial was ending and community down on site!!! great software, but you need to handle this better...
RT : Lmao in my case its... Do the laundry and u shall recieve lol RT : Give and you shall receive!!! Haha
Thinking through past hurts does no good and only allows bitterness to grow.
there is so much win happening right now.
. OK, Jennifer, I'll try, but we are working, personal things don't always come up.
In order to receive it you have to ask. All the promises of God is yes
I should say that the site is 'Forefathers Group'
RT There's a party near my house and the music being played is awful
Have less than 2 months till the competition in Jamaica, I think I have to go get some of my wardrobe straight!
Every experiences has it up & down in life just like every cause has it effect 2 every action has its own reaction w\o any translation
I'm now the Baroness of Baldwin Park on #Yelp!
The only thing better than family guy, is more family guy.
YES! #EnemyoftheState is on! For some reason I love this movie. Actually, I love almost all Tony Scott movies.
Kalon sounds like a brand of stool softener.
Back home in the USA after a two week South Pacific vaca. Feels good to again have access to good tortilla chips and guac, and NY pizza.
Yup, the sun is out again. Hope you don't get snowed in. Wait, that may not be a bad thing considering where you're at, haha.
The coolest place on earth! www.shastic.com! ;)
are u bloody kidding me 0-3 at half did u really want to leave being in champions league next year up to Finals guess so uggg
Who's coming to Hennessey's @ 9pm this Tues?
2010 was a great year, but I'm ready for 2011 . Let's do it. ;-)
yes! That looks awesome are you there?
trying to stay cool it still hot out getting ready for tomorrow
Roadtrip to Indianapolis anyone?
If I see one more kiss me I'm Irish t-shirts I'm going to puke green all over it!
Yes ! All the Easter candy is on sale so I can afford to eat 10 tons of candy !
You wish.. Haha jk you may fit.. Uhm this weekend, you, me, uh huh? Exactly.
well damn, I'm not one of those so I guess I can't hook you up :(
My bro is annoying me by switching between movie and music video watching. Stay on one channel!!!!!!!
like you're in a position to be taking man cards away from bros.
omg i stopped replying shes not even worth it -.- like seriously?
To celebrate my bachelor of art in Anthropology am riding 109 mi in the Tour the Tucson to raise funds for Parkinson's subisidies.
at least they are willing to try things to learn from experience! Silver lining??? :)
Ah, we hate you :) Album coming your way very soon!
Last Peak Performance Coaching today!!!!
Now comes the time during a conference when publishers give books away or sell them on the cheap. Gettin' loud and crazy now!
Fozzy Whittaker is presented with trophy for being the 2011 Kickoff returner of the year
Thanks so much for the mention!
HAHAHHAA. SWEAT?, OH ROBERT.
That's what the river is for! And margaritas!!! :D After the weather we've had up here? Bring it!!!
I really need help handling stress. These next two weeks, I'm going to be majorly on edge!
Literally just woke up, and I am STILL exhausted!
I need your help with something! Call me after 10!
Coke Zero
Desperate people do desperate things.....but confident people stick to there foundation.
Garlic is amazeballs.
Ya...u should check ur myspace:)
Come on This is your night! Underdogs win all the time! I should know...I'm an fan!
Thank you! Did you spend the day with your mom?
And you say you don't like her. smh.
Things you should never do after a breakup: 1. Listen to love songs. 2. Read old messages 3. Read their statuses, tweets or updates.
You KNOW I am since 8:30 pm et!! LOVE U SY!
OMG U all must have had a BLAST @ the Playboy Mansion! Looks like the best time of UR life. UR a Frikikikiking AMAZING performer!
Thanks guys, You're the best! XOXO Krisondra
cool background. I know a startup seeking a technical co-founder if you want an introduction for a chat?
Minnesota Vikings announce 2012 schedule
should we see in Madison? , what do you think?
Thanks! It's been a tough week with baby & 3-year-old not sleeping but I'm going to keep trying!
Dear , It's finals week & I REALLY wish your Chelsea (Manhattan) location was already open. Cosi just isn't the same...
That kid's grandpa looks like Kajagoogoo!
Awesome! I'd run 12 miles every day if you supported it ;)
Marry rich, ladies. Get a big, fat divorce settlement. Then marry for love. I so did it wrong.
Work. Work. Work. WORK. Thank God for a job!
Selena I love you.You are fantastic.You act super good in Wizards of Waverly Place and Ramona and Beezus...I love you so much!
IM CRYING LISTENING TO #AngelsAndGentlemen STOP IT. ITS AMAZING<3 I LIKE THIS RIGHT HERE
New Britney Spears video. I don't know what to think yet.
Gig today with John B. Williams and David Sills was great! Now off to play with Allen Mezquida @ Red, White, Bluezzz. 7:30!
You know about three-fingered double taps on words, right? BEST
The Fake ESPN having to change their handle to because of a contest with their followers is funny stuff.
LOL! It was driven by a woman, so not likely. RT: I wonder if that car belongs 2 1 of my exes!
Show at Billy O's Ventura was great last night. Thanks for hanging with us. Next San Louis Obispo.
you already gave me everything.
Yes, you win.
“: Heck, I might get you a real pair of Uggs for that...” - I'm not afraid to say that I own Ugg slippers.
Not good! I had everything you had I think! I'm okay... How's everyone else?? - is fine.
Perhaps would have a well-informed response to the arguments against livestock.
I Hate School. It Sucked. But Least I Come Home To Tweet Ya !! :D I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU (: <33
Watering from above can cause black spots to appear on the petals and throughout the day
I'm loving this lil early summer break
Eastbound & Down
See you then!
Happy hour at
so would the #Heat ;)
ilywamh i love you with all my heart !
Now I wait on Cavs 4s.
Once again not feeling this "school" thing anymore.....
ahh me too!! Its so funny (: what's your favorite part??
Hi Thank you would love to take you for tea or coffee some time Tina Bagon
is that for Adobe After Effects?
C's of course. And by C's I mean
Social Search: How to Use Social Media to Rank on Google
Green star Thanks!!
“This site has a terrible user interface.” -My wife, just now. Sorry, honey. I ruined your life.
Bad breath can mean-it's time to get your teeth cleaned!
sharing how Dell has embedded social in every aspect at Dell
wow dude, that's some tough runnnin! Make sure you ice after each run man! You doing the marathon in the D?
Nursing home residents to celebrate royal wedding in style
half of that park will be mt most of the time
My step daddy is really yelling at this game... lol
2nd half field goal drought? DRINK
yes sir.
WWE must have read my tweets and put Zack Ryder on the OTL pre-show to prevent me from burning down WWE HQ.
Tomorrow is Family Day at Hartwood Acres - don't miss all the fun - Giggles the Clown, arts and crafts, bounce house, airbrush tattoos,...
"And none for Gretchen Weiners...." STORY OF MY LIFE
Het there, did you get my message today? Re the golf outing?
What is wrong with this picture? Watching
and chocolate.
"Live Laugh Love" :D
Haven't heard about esperanto in about 13 years. Strangely enough, i was thinking about it yesterday
Koots in Anchorage all this week, show starts @ 9!
Doing random shit in my morph suit is so damn fun
Anyone know how to speed up Pow when serving up a 3.1 app? I've tried deleting logs and flushing DNS cache…but it's still really slow.
can I be Nick or?!
Feet are gross. Why do people have foot fetishes..
It's no coincidence that 'Barry Zito' and 'Iron Man 3' are trending nationwide
Excited to see tonight!
Happy sunny day!
talking about folks dual booting touchpads into CM7. Still a shame HP dropped it.
um you tell me!
When the real reason you wanted to go somewhere was to see her and she doesent go.
Wish I could have been with you & the #Rockies - lets do another game!
Its Friday! Time for a chilling weekend!!
Calm your tits!
nope lol yea if u want me too!!
That tan was ridiculous!! Plus who was guarding the near post?!?
Let me know when you are coming to this side of the map:)
Tonight from 5-8pm FREE Balsamic & OO Tasting Open House w/ tips on starting an herb garden - oh & hh specials all night! JOIN US!
Thank you! Back atcha, Lo. :)
A very unusual project I worked on: preparing men from NYVS for a CD of #TanDun's music (Peony Pavilion). Nice man! Good conductor!
"Featured Member: Alexabrad"...wow grats.... I remember when you where a shy girl with a teddy bear and alot of giggles :P~
Basketball 101: You have to be true to yourself...if you are coaching to fulfill somebody else's idea of good basketball you won't last.
Nephew update. He got to go home from the hospital today. Still a long way to go, but the little man has been amazingly brave.
It looks like you need a break. Treat yourself to Crab and Cheese sandwich, grilled to melt in your mouth. Ah! www.gofishanthonys.com
But I am so happy for the winners. :]
1888pressrelease - Actress/Producer Klara Landrat (Zoolander, The Soul Collector)Started Shooting Feature Drama For 111 Films In Las Vegas
2nd thesis committee meeting in as many days... Sleep depravation and sore muscles causing near hallucinatory state. Food & a nap stat.
I GOTTA PE
haha, I like that gift too!
I need a fast foward button.
if go 2-3 the last 5 games of the season will have to go 5-0 to force 1 game playoff.
On plane in five hours that will keep me away from home for five weeks. Definitely haven't started packing yet.
Appreciate and celebrate the times you have to the fullest. Thats really all you can do. And if it becomes a memory. At least its a good one
I love working with fun clients! Had an appointment to find a dress for a charity event, left with 4 gorgeous pieces in awesome bold colors!
Ack, - need to walk the dog, have dinner and have Marina to an appointment by 6:30 - what am I doing twittering.
OK GOODNIGHT.
I think you're on set with my friend because only 49 people work in LA.
Yes! That would be fantastic. Perhaps over a weekend this summer?
god damit I missed it again?
Join Taylor Books this morning for a special read aloud featuring everyone's favorite little French girl, Madeline! Door Prizes & Treats!
hahaha nope. no happy hour today!
Come see it with me when I get back?? Me you Natasha, Myranda and some other people? And go movie skipping :D
Demi was dancing to Britney with Selena, a few years later she's freaking out 'cause she met her. Now she's judging on the same show as her.
RT That was biblical!!
And to actually have a TV show just to announce his new team? I'm going to throw up. How narcissistic can you get.. #NBA #LeBron James
"is freddy home?" uh.... lmbo ooohhh im bout to get on him
welcome... Now get rid of the evidence.
I've had the Phlu for about 5 months now.
Man .. Next week at dwills im making tacos!! Got to
IS MY WHOLE WORLD<333333
totally agree. It was great meeting and working together. I can't wait to see your images.
Warriors, make sure you stay safe over the break. HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!!
Great day at #EvergladesNationalPark for - story of kayakers heading up to #Georgia, doing a documentary along the way. Pretty!
Absolutely! For a change I'm in town for next few whole weeks (as far as I know :).
Nothing gives a fearful man more courage than another's fear. ? Umberto Eco
can anyone share an interesting movie title? Looking forward to enjoying a quality film.
That's cool , just leave me out .
if you don't get my sarcasm, then you honestly need to bury yourself in a hole 547 feet underground.
Leather Feather TONIGHT!!! The Independent in SF...free show...9pm. www.leatherfeather.net
you ain't lying
chk out weekly bedside magic & ent'g therapy to kids in Chic hospitals! 2600 kids in 2011!
Im not roshon, im part of his promotions team! :)
Exit row! Score!
Floyd on some hoe ass shit right now
#myweakness blue eyes(:
Hey, thanks! :)
Alex, I need something to cheer me up. Following me will do that. Please follow me and make my day. :)
My song VA BAE has been o NSU RADIO 91.1 fm all last week. Stay tune this week around 3pm
haha, okay! bring it tomorrow please!
I hate parking lots this time of year!!
don't make fun of
#followfriday (follow for daily quotes and inspiring tid bits) & for being Interesting! Happy Weekend
so do I.
What's a pink dolphin lol,
yes and Im so happy that i can actually call her MY girl :3
Wish I could watch #pll tonight
Sure, just tweeted the first 6 picks if you check the timeline.
thanks for the follow back! Love your jokes!
nah man ... Seriously shes been after a nigga for a minute ... But, I cant do that to my wife broseph lol
Look at AMNP, Ceo just bought 18million, filed yesterday. Os of 80 million, Float of 30 million. IHUB fresh. Chart oversold
Word, agreed. RT : if you post more than 10 consecutive tweets in a row and jam up my tweet box, consider yourself unfollowed.
Signs u may be replaced as #soccer coach: Field lights get turned off during your practice.
yes, I'm soo scared of you, even though I'm twice your size and that's funny to even think u can beat me up. Your a dumb bitch
This is Friday right..? shouldn't my head be somewhere other than work?
Happy Birthday Boulevard! RT : Happy Birthday to us, 10 years old today!!! Birthday specials TBD soon...
Looking forward to my trip back to Southern California at the end of the week.
time to get paid breh !
I texted you! haha
Happy Friday San Diego! Big things are in store for 2011. Be on the lookout!
There are different levels of s.m. involvement for teachers. Starting to tweet is good...sharing & participating in chats is best!
Lol. And leave the prices the same.
One of the great soliloquies in cinema from the last decade.
hey, suburbanite, hush, you have no idea the fear these mammoth rodents instill in me and other city dwellers.
Oh my. I just did it. Please, please, please, find the chicken chili recipe from the LA Times. (80s or 90s)
Let me guess, today is the last day of school for you.
beach? We don't live near one haha
Best of luck to you!
stop by later to see & rip shit up
Up at 5am going over my conference schedule for #SXSW interactive. Kept dreaming about zombies last night. #isitasign?
Heads up. You all are watching some really stupid videos today.
Tip: Wash, dust or otherwise clean all household items, including knick-knacks after a fire.
This moment right here is called.....happiness
follow and please :D x68
I can except that;) Hhaha Im happy that yer happy too:D
your going to be 16 :( OMFG, let me cry.
me neither(:
I believe consumer protection is achieved when government regulators do their jobs, not by #Congress adding new laws & regulations
well,6 more games... Brace yourself
Former Ford CEO Red Poling dead at 86 Harold 'Red' Poling, the CEO who helped revive Ford Motor after steering the automaker through the
AWW thanks boo! RT: Love_Reign looks like a goddess in her avi!
Stop into to cheer on your #NYKNICKS tonight against the #LACLIPPERS at 8pm! Bring your friends and come bounce with us!
Bitches stupid mane, some of dem hoes make me sick
couldn't agree more!
Q0) also just learned I was spamming linkedin with my #lrnchat tweets after messing with my settings
RT : Q6) What would be a really exciting learning design?
that there is often a hostility in the US towards things like striking, that they wouldn't get to the point described.
#YOVO You're. Only. Virgin. Once. xD
o wow u betta pick ya feet up and yeah its next weekin
MT : SIF is sponsoring the Corporate Citizenship Awards 5/17. Meet WAs 2012 Corp Champions & Philanthropists...
Paying attention and hoping all goes well for you!
lol very true, the offense was still iffy under Nene, but it definitely got better
I love when your work out the day before was so intense you almost can't get your legs to work to get out of bed in the morning :)
Sounds awesome! Thanks!
I'm in California. Kinda' laughing that every tweet from Chicago is about nice weather. Yes, great. Ok. Got it.
Mom turned a 5 hour drive from Miami to Tampa into 3 hours. Record much?
Liked the NASCAR segment on -- but Matt LeBlanc turning show's fastest lap by a celeb? Now that's something.
“: Yeah. Last thing you need is to be hit with tear gas.” haha very true!
when is summer gonna get here. lykesrsly
Having a nice day with Mom, Dad, and today at Grandma and Grandpa's house. Now if only they'd share their dinner with us...
Is this a weird stat for anyone - 55,000 visits, 1.4 million pageviews only 2,055 bounces from the homepage?
gory movies are the best
Just got home from an amazing, emotional show. Now, sleep.
NO caffeine. I had nasty withdrawal for a week. After that it's all good. No highs/lows during the day so I'm less tired.
Dislike firefighter fundraisers where truck outside CTA makes me think there is something wrong with transit.
Walking thru central park.. I see a wedding, but I think I am lost. >_<
Right now I am having a blast at a Real Estate technology seminar in Denver learning some fabulous tools to make our business more...
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "SURFBOARD" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
Marketing genius! Better than the Dead at the Pyramids!
yeah way too long lol honestly been recording every night this week so haven't mixed anything down yet
anything for the Butter Cow! See you in a few days!
Adele is actually English. ;)
Profit thesis still intact on both $BION, and $HHII.
Im jealous! lol
I think you'll need to start that cheer with
Could Swopeshire be the only NCAA player to Lose on a Senior night (UL) and Win on a Senior Night (UK)?
Nice article on you in this week`s golf issue.
Once you give enough of them away, you'll be able to trademark Hon!
Is anybody selling a Fender or Marshall amp?!! I'm LOOKING FOR ONE!
have fun!
thanks! I will look into it!
I'm real excited to see you at work today. Just sayin'
are sponsoring community nonprofit in the Naples Boat Parade tonight! Come see our fleet parading thru the canals!
Portland couple has gone from relative obscurity to worldwide headliners after sex game gone bad. Story picked up across U.S. & Europe.
Wishing Jamie Lee Curtis and I could Skype all night about Activia.
study just released. If you watch all my videos you see that I am healthy and happy. A reduction is stigma
(1/3) Tumaini Publishing would like to wish you and your family a joyous Holiday Season (Christmas, Hanukkah, Kwanzaa, etc).
Akinade: African scientists need Open Access in order to join global scientific community.
I was wondering if anyones gonna do an article on Bichoff's discovery channel show "the devil's ride" (cont)
I just officially followed everybody who was following me :) I feel so nice
Picked up aces at a good time. 20kish now. I think I could have slow played them and got another 6k, but oh well.
Do you believe in life after lube?
Just hanging out listening to music :D
Fast Facts: Enhanced Perceptual Functioning focuses more on the superiority of locally oriented and perceptual operations in autistic...
I feel like death today
some girl on my timeline, i been seeing it for a minute but ima let my voice b heard
My back hurts so bad I feel like a 70 year old man <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A>
Do not fear the winds of adversity. Remember: A kite rises against the wind rather than with it.
I love this book! We have the app version.
Is it a little bit crazy to develop a crush on a TV character? Not the actor that plays him - the character. Asking for a friend, of course.
Exercise and a healthy diet can help you reverse type 2 diabete
The Sharts score one. Big deal.
#Never will notice me 1
Still trying to pull this research 2gthr. Hoping the prof appreciates my free-form approach since it's just formative research.
lol well I need to go to sleep...
Just noticed I attributed "Rob" Burgundy. Rob Burgundy sounds like a lame CEO.
Oh so you're trying to make me scared again I see? -.- smh at yew, lmao jk. Omg, lucky butt I want pizza. x]
right just keep it moving something's are just meant to be
Equity & Student Success Symposium College Leaders panel: Insights from Equity Planning & Benchmarking Data. 10am
Thanks, Raquel! We appreciate you!
Follow out great and cool guy
I'm a SD native too! Have to say this is only my second time. Definitely give it a try though, their burgers are pretty good!
It's so HOT. I love it.
Were you wearing skinny jeans and smoking a pipe ironically?
Busy busy weekend at kef! Today: ART/NY intern fair. Who else is going to be there???
Rowing World Cup: Great Britain find early form in Belgrade - BBC Sport
leslieR: Getting packed up and saying goodbye to NOLA. It's been a great conference- thanks to all planners, presenters & staff. ...
...farther away from them.
How's Paul holding up? How's the car? He in good spirits? Doing great, let's get to the front and burn it down!
Where can I get ICONic Boyz T's ?? Anybody!?
RCA football game
2 days and I want to tell you both good luck. We're all counting on you.
Without money I feel naked.. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Come on Big Blue one TD is needed to put the Cowgirls to bed.
Hey everyone! I'm slowly getting more info for my new line up over at Hazel & Haverly. Check it out! Like it! :)
Yes, new media gets and gives jobs. We have done both.
Sources say a young child and adult man in the SUV with #roadrage suspect Gloria McMillan, when Shelinda Arrington was killed.
Wait.... We have a soccer team? AND that's the segment I just listened too?!?! Dammit.
It's been days since you said something funny here on Twitter. Help a Wednesday out.
RT Thank you to all of the purchasers for the Fontana location. 591 and going strong
February 1913.....A prize is inserted into a Cracker Jacks' box for the first time
I realize the question was legit. (So I must admit that my tweet was mostly a reason for me to say "hubbub," too!)
What he said ---> RT : will we be getting the announcements on the other events soon to save money on travel?
Three more hours!! :)
I'm a MA in Arts Management student at AU and I'm happy to email you a list if you're interested. DM me.
TV makes me feel dead in my head
Is Samantha a chipmunk/chihuahua?
Finally got my brother to the Y for his class and I realize I forgot my clothes.
happy birthday Samson! Hope you've been having a really great birthday! =)
Aiy yai yai May 31rst Needs to Come Quick ! I wanna leave, I wanna leave, I wanna leave ! *throws a temper tantrum*
I wish I'd read the part of the recipe that says 'freeze overnight' earlier.
Time for sleepy time.
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind-Dr. Seuss
Note to airlines: there are no friendly skies. I don't love the way you fly.
Hey HilariousShit! Thanks for following!
Have a better day today. Love u.
From Justin (9:58pm): Two very small showers popped up in northern Kenosha Co. and SE Racine Co.
cool idea. Would u mind sharing your parameters and lab report assignments?
happy super moon derby cinco de mayo, folks ;) PS - make sure you follow and say hi to me over at for personal and fun stuff ;)
I was awakened this morning by my cat when she threw up a hairball ON MY FACE. Someone get PETA over here before I do something I regret
BTW the potato salad is a great addition to the menu. Greg loved the Rocky Road Squares.
Snooki is gonna have a lil meatball, it's about time some sausage knocked her up
shoutout to clairekent via facebook for sharing the photo of her moms on mothers day! #topFamEnt Keep it coming fam!
Click click click click click click click click click
Wow. 1 bad year & Ichiro is dropped from the lead off spot.
Hey boy! I misses you :(
2 more great instructors are continuing our kick-off to winter quarter tonight : Pastor Feankie Toves & !
it dooesss. c: it all matchess. c: ooh, and this is for vicarlyious, amirite? c:
I feel like a cougar when I say that Jaden Smith is ffffiiiiinnnneeee...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Still tryna recover from that party.......
This has been the most relieving day ever
What time did you go to bed... BabyJ got up at 9 this morning
can you estimate what time you think the photos will all be uploaded? Can't wait to see them.
how awesome! Luv it! “: Don't forget the LA Flower District is OPEN 24 hours today until tomorrow night!”
I bet 8500 she rips 80k!!!! I snap she has kq off i hold gimme day 165k!
those are the best kind of comas I must say.
All the songs for the acoustic ep are done. Should be available in July sometimes.
Show Sat. night at Dales was great!!! Great crowd! Another busy week of shows ahead!
people are Fucking idiots.
RT : Happy #InternationalWomensDay to all the Architects of Change around the world who seek solutions to the problems they see
I do believe said EWOs were already audited last week on Marc Steiner show...or was that a lie?
Welcome back!
Can't wait for saturday night! Labyrinth of Jareth Masquerade Ball 2010!!!!! Daphne Kirby workshop during the day! I love life :)
They close at 8 so no night - Beast ride : /
I'll avoid the icky details, but I think the culprit was something I ate. Hope I've turned the corner now.
followed you. Please follow back!
Wow! The Mythic #Tarot is one of the great beginner decks, particularly for relationship readings. The Greek myths tell true!
Thanks, Chris!
THAT'S AWESOME! We need to start something tomorrow nite on here..DONALD DESERVES ALL 10's!!!! I say we do it #PACKNATION !
Jeremy Lin you sick bastard!!
Did anyone get "borked" by Google's algorithm changes?
Needa go ahead and put these HID's on my car already!
what smells worse hangover shits or asparagus urine??
Maybe she would have preferred *NSYNC.
If you're not already set on making something. There used to be a smaller 12-pencil one, which I imagine would hold 2 pens.
DUDE Congrats on getting tweeted by !!! I saw that she tweeted your mashup and now you have like a million plays! :))
Any time! Great tunes. I got your sampler at SXSW from a Crunchy Kids show.
that they do. Which is why it's mind boggling that neither Pokemon Black/White or Black2/White2 are 3DS exclusives.
Did you go to church today?
We missed you! It was strangely disturbing on yestersday on Twitter with so little of your presence.
can someone come pack up my room while i make a daiquiri and sit here being an angel? #donthatemecauseimanasshole #haha?
Plz people watch kony 2012 of YouTube spread the word its worth ur time
I don't get to choose how long I will live. I get to choose what kind of lifestyle I will have and try to prolong my stay here.
wants to work with Rick Rubin
thanks! Remember that party in kindergarten u helped with lol
omg I'm sick and I have just one lass today at 9:00 am ;c and I don't wanna go, but I have too :c k sick all day long, bye :c
Welcome back! RT : Phelps, McAllister optioned to A Columbus. Crowe, Lee re-assigned to minor league camp.
Rooting for the keep the streak going.
RT : we are .....they put on such an amzing event
Two days of running in the LA 'cold' weather. Had to take advantage of the crisp, clear, breathable air.
thank you so much! emailed you back :)
I love that your station replays the show! But..any chance you could move it up from 2AM? Swap with Howard show?
I can't open your blog?
Beating the Travel Agent With Your Computer | World of Travel Market
Do you tweet? Follow us on Twitter!
What are the chance I eat dinner at the same restaurant as my afternoon co-host Please surprise!
I left my roommate alone with 3 pints of and Ben & Jerry's melting in the freezer from the power outage. Oh dear.
Do the thing and you will have the power
there's no way I could take a test with that adorable little schnookums next to me
Awesome, i love my fans!
Twitter a 140 character love/hate relationship...What to do? Or not do?
Oh my good, we're so screwed.
School is dumb. You should drop out and become a professional hobo. They're delightful!
it was fun!
Man I would love your guys jobs. Because I love football.
Writing a song for me and my bff tati to sing & rap to (: with her nicki minaj sounding self ^.^
I don't foresee myself ever owning a jean jacket.
nope here in BK merry xmas :-)
how's your day been? :)
Erickson says BOT will address why it was necessary to fire Paterno
Thanks Doug for RT
I need a Ron Jeremy in my life
damn its been awhile, trying to get back on twitter
"the only thing I ever did well was outlaw.."
They told, me NO and I reversed it I'm ON
Oh my God. The Slow Reel playing "Tom Sawyer"?!?! This is awesome!
what a fairy
THINKING BOUT IT
Just watched a guy shoot three consecutive air balls. Move closer, guy. This is painful.
I just keep to me blacksmithin'.
Wide awake<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>clock
Eating goldfish in study hall. Slow day.
Hanging out with the crew. Missed these buttheads.
see you tomorrow at for the lunch workshop!
What's up 850!
thanks! So fun! I've never had it done before!
Go Pack Go!
Did you guys know that turning up the radio fixes almost all your car problems?!
Jesus answered, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God
that sounds like a GREAT Mother's Day lunch! Which sauces did you get?
search drew illy
Thank you for the support! Keep voting!
what's up homie
"Don't let other countries win the race for the future. Build a time machine" That's what I just heard.
naw i putta smiley face lol i thought you was goin to sleep?
RT : Watch me on this evening with talking #SAFE and
This the last one lmao
-*driving car* Mom: slow down Me: ok Ima James Cruz that hoe! Mom: HAHA OH PUT IT IN #CRUZCONTROL LMAO!!
Can you believe it's already May? Let us know if you're planning to visit this month!
I've decided that sometimes plodding is better than plotting when it comes to finding God's will. - Robert J. Morgan
Welcome to #michigan, where even the bowling alleys have tv commercials :)
Day 4 of "30 Math Mentor Texts in 30 Days!" Our pick: A Gebra Named Al by Wendy Isdell. Great for middle & high. :) Have a great day!
Smaller portions, no junk. It works.
@ @ @ or what Mickey Rourke wakes up to everyday
Any event, once it has occurred, can be made to appear inevitable by a competent historian.
when will the highs of the days be below 70 degrees again?
The Truth is being told at the TD Garden! Paul Pierce is on fire!!!!
Morning Rockstars! > We make our fortunes, and we call them fate. - Earl of Beaconsfield
No im NOT!
i burned myself D:
Do not trust anything #DonaldTrump says about any subject. I don't know his real agenda but most times it borders on Dimentia
I also don't really understand why the "bending over backwards" is necessary with demons.
#TDSBreakingNews cancels debate after all but drop out. CNN wouldn't know good TV if it divorced them in a hospital room!"
RT : "if you want someone to believe in something, you've gotta do all the work for them." -
Thanks! Glad you liked #Vibha Galhotra's show - it's her first major show in US though she's shown extensively in EU and India
you don't make friends that way...kick it a bit harder next time and they will move
ignorance is bliss
In fact she is pregnant by some faggot In a pansy ass rock band. Fuck.
friendship, yeah thank you. :) it's fun.
Take the money and run!
#Libra #Libra #Libra #Libra #Libra #Lbra #teamfollowback :-)
Yo Fith...what up with the image man? No email yet son...
Canton Irish Stroll, Shamrock 5k, St Patricks Day, Girl Talk. Going to be a fun next couple of weekends.
Thank you :)
Thanks for the compliment although Zeno denies that I am creative and that I have a mind.
Watch it, Brick. She will eat you.
Yes! Perhaps this twitter in-class discussion is an example. Using the arts and finding ways to embrace their energy
I bet you thought of someone in particular when you quoted that last tweet of yours
RT : After 1am, that's when the unemployed whores thrive. Right ?
Yeah their my go to snack haha
Happy Super Bowl Sunday!!
I have a small underwear fetish . I literally have dozens of briefs that I don't even wear . I have em just to look at em .
Good luck ! RT Two weeks until Opening Day, 2012 for the Timber Rattlers! RT if you're excited!
This day is dragging on.
B.C.N. just attended an event @ strega waterfront with Shaquille o'neal and girlfriend Nicole (hoops) Alexander.
My new friend, Mr. Whiskey, is inclined to agree with you. I just fear for my academic future if I have more distractions. :)
Oh, I see how this chat room hashtag thing works now! Very cool! You guys rock. Can't wait for North & South Twitterfest.
is prolly the hottest guy at BHS just sayin
I don't know what to do anymore!
i don't have one of her.... sry
29.8 years of not giving a flying fuck about Groundhog Day.
I know but when I work days and there is more of a food selection than just sandwiches I give the hot food the benefit of doubt
Good thing about the slow holiday season in #vegas is that $5 #blackjack tables are popping up, which is also the bad thing
As you know, I only visit Ann Arbor when absolutely necessary, so let it be known that and are worth the trek.
New roadside billboards are up. Riding mower? I really think West Seattle yards are a little small. Better fit for Granite.
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Next Friday :)
it wishes lol
Just watched I Melt With You. So nuts. Worth a watch.
Indiana is treating this like the National Championship.....This is crazy! It's got the same feel as the first game!
they're weird lolololol
I'm so hungry
I'm not certain. Be sure to check out and though!
Sure! We love your concept! We don't know any other bad girls of Tile!
RT : Happy Record Store Day, Houston! I plan to visit and support my favorite local shop this afternoon.
I'm very excited about the new look we're working on with a new web site design soon to be released.
Holla not Holler.
Once upgrades are complete, near the beginning of May, Druid Hill water levels will return to normal.
Hard Summer books Skrillex, Miike Snow, Boys Noize, James ...
Back out to Mitchell International today -- curious about the leaky pipeline which carries all their fuel? Check it out tonight at 5.
ha, poor Lindsey. he is such a style setter!
thanks. I will send you the information tomorrow.
thanks for the mention Nathan! Hope to see you Streaking next Saturday!
#SOBEWFF is off to a great start! We're LOVIN it. If your at the tastings today, stop by for a photo & a taste of Wines That Rock.
": Heading to work"/-- have a great day twin
I'm glad that #wsj video on resume submissions mentioned, "Applicant tracking systems are only as good as the people programming them." Yep!
Whats with the fireworks? Did I forget a holiday?
I think my heart stopped beating for a minute. Thanks, Bryce. Appreciate it bro.
Thanks! Glad to know you're following us!
Thank you so much. Very appreciated :)
Growlers and today at the brewery. We open at 2, so see you then.
Have not been on in a while, will be gettig back in touch with those who I have spoke with.
About to start 6max plo at caesar's, excited for the shorthanded action, focus and morale are high
Chicago, the temperature is rising! Time to become a regular at , , and (my fav) !
thats awesome. thanks for providing those.
What's a good Twitter app for the android?
doesn't mean it's not good. have you ever sat down for an hour or so read Souljah boy's "poems?"
neck ache, i wanna massage ;) hahaha my party was amazing <3
Shared via EmpireAvenue.com (e)MNUSNA : Check her out!
hey lol we havent talked in a while!! :(
shape up for summer 2 for 1 on March and April
18 more days until I move back to Katy <U+263A>
discussing reproposal of #fiduciary reg. IMO, using very weak language re timing of reproposal
Dannggg I really wish I had some peach rings right now!
sometime next week!
Now is the time to believe in yourself. Have no fear how others think of you or will judge you, Because your greatness will silence them all
right on man! Keep supporting the underground metal and get bands like us out there!
Ha so my mom and I were passin by Missouri City and she's all like hey isn't tht where your boy is from.. Referring to lmfao
Gotta love WIsconsin: RT : State Fair's new "item on a stick"... chocolate covered bacon. That is not a joke.
I love when you bite into a grape and juice pours out.
Ugh I love so much!!
I am SO hungry. This I'd quite possibly the most painful meeting ever.
So excited for a hot shower & my own bed. Belize has been so fun, but ready to come home!
wasn't towards you!! And I miss you so so much!
stayed in a really bizarre hotel room in London last night - bath and toilet was in the same room as my bed!!
hope it fits and you look gorgeous in it :) !!!!!!!
Do not buy into the heart-felt feelings that just because the movie was made, it deserves an audience. PROTECT OUR AUDIENCE!!!
Did Pavano seriously just allow two homeruns on four pitches?
yea on HDNets on may 11, im the Co-main
yes I am. Why do you ask?
Takeaway 10 #bigomaha: Create for others as if you have to support it.
Today = cleaning, vacuuming, laundry, shopping, errands, baseball, church, gardening, baking. No rest for the wicked.
I really dig 'peerpress' and want to call the mindset for using it 'peerpress-ure'
on twitter duuhhh U
Heal the world.
Seeking restaurant recommendations for Nassau and restaurant/hotel recommendations for Sydney and New Zealand's south island
I'm in nonprofits. I don't keep anything I raise.
Thanks so much for tweeting during the #AMASocialVolt webcast today.
u got it bro! Ur welcome 2 come to all our events & get pics. Will keep u posted!
"For the #hbex to succeed, we need the staff and the organization to reflect the diversity of CA." - Peter Lee
Made the alarm go off at the airport today... It's too early for this..
Every spring is the only spring, a perpetual astonishment. -Ellis Peters
In the "Multimedia Projects and Liberal Education Competencies" panel at
did you not realize that it was my mom :p
OH WOW..... I am going to come meet you to give you a hug
Hahahaha I hate u
Excellent film! RT : See it!! RT : It looks like Drive is coming to Netflix Watch Instantly on Wednesday.
roll with it everyone feels like that sometimes. Make your own luck
Ouch. RT : Baron Davis has a dislocated right patella, Knicks say.
RT : Open Annotation / Annotation Ontology combined working group kicks off in Boston. Incredible brains here. Very very excited.
for his age, the kid has
My niece won her high-school's John Philip Sousa award. My wife says, "Who's John Philip Sousa?" Come on, world!
You read it here first #twalkers: RT : You're on my calendar: May 10th at 1245
I hate out desktop. It's about to land in the lake. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BB> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Regardless of tomorrow night's result...Canucks went out of PO's before #Blackhawks & Hawks won more games than them!
some1 needs to tell #tebow that world hunger, al queida & cancer are ahead by 13 & theres only three minutes left
<small> when he stopped pseudo-reading and started extemporizing. </small>
I've had an unnatural amount of coffee today...and that's A LOT for me.
Long night ahead
Mobile social time!! Yay for music, bikes, and computer nerds!!
But of that day and that hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels which are in heaven, neither the Son, but the Father. Mark: 13 32
No, it mostly consists of wondering why something has exploded/crashed/decided to output nothing but brown.
get it now Gonzo! I just bought mine :)
The worst time ever to have your ex girlfriends number readily available is while writing lyrics.
Anyone have a microphone we could borrow on October 15? We have an amp... just need the mic.
Yea buddy!! It's on tonight, see you then!!!!!
Seeing one street sign I discovered 4 new words: ANOMALY ie South Dixie Street=TAUTOLOGY, North Dixie= OXYMORON Or is this a CONUNDRUM?
you are getting a special shout out in about a few minutes :)
Another day
I can close my eyes to not see you, but I can't close my heart from hurting
Love days like this!!
thanks for the follow. Looking forward to tweets.
This seems like a reasonable time to go to bed.
Maxwell Drew Johnson sounds like a name D'Angelo would give to his beard.
lol, no I'm still here! Just not very impressed yet
Evidently there was just a little earthquake in
Everyone on hawthorne blvd seems like they're trying way too hard to not look cool??
Thanks for the follow. Love your work. Planning on purchasing one of your paintings for my new place in Oct.
I'm really digging the DEJJ version. Is that what's in your head right now?
Swag*·* bahaha I love u so so so much<U+2665>. Follow me on keek please: elizabethcb.
A ghost hunting trip. *squee* how wonderful :)
Aww this is so cute
Not a whole lot big sis how about you ?
how are u ?
do you work today or tomorrow?
That's true, we often associate them with pain, but they can also take care of us and calm us down.
In my admittedly limited experience around small children, I've decided no one is truly "ready."
Lol.. Nah, I got exactly what you were saying.
I want to make sure #cincodemayo is celebrated accurately this year... So glad I purchased that poncho in Cancun
Merry Christmas Everyone!
How bout them buccossssss!
TROLLEY NIGHT SPECIAL! We have men's Tom's for sale! * Courtesy Shop Girl New York*
taj all day
The Irish are a fair people - they never speak well of one another.
UNC......Hakuna Matata. These two words will solve all your problems. –Pumbaa (The Lion King)
when you get a song stuck in your head all day but only know one line.. grr!
hahaha so am I. No one would be able to compare.
Damn #Colorado is beautiful! #shhhhhh let's keep this #secret!
I do too. I wouldn't use word to write for the web, but some of us still make (print) books!
I am seeing lots of on tickets. When was the last time you heard below face value? Brockton Rox games with Bill Buckner or Sux
Is there ANYTHING the #republicans don't have a problem with?!
Whitney Massey follows with a two-run double to right to pull UW within 3-2 of Michigan in the bottom of the third inning.
Um....can I be a roadie for the gigs in London?! I'll be good. I promise!! :)
I kinda want to just break my glasses again so I can see that cute guy at LC haha
I don't really like her :P
Shoot I'm good at procrastinating...
All good & true.
Just brushed shoulders with Ed Reed. Whatever... ;)
Oh geez. Spandau Ballet. On Muzak.
I love my ole Lady doe
I know right? Like in Back To The Future everything floats. The hell man? But that's like three years from now. Not the point tho
this kid really makes me feel better :)
and now. The water is coming in the bedroom from the ceiling fan.
check out our summer sale at www.purerugs.com. selected items 30% off!
LOL True... There's still the B1G tournament... Maybe the Boilers will get them there...
Today was a really good day :)
I just found my paper I rote for mrs.W!! She said I used slang in it.. I don't understand how "ain't" is slang!! My gawwh! I say it daily(:
"Gareth Bale is a despicable, diving cheat." - Everyone, apart from the clowns who referee Premier League matches.
no :p
Thanks, digital humanitarian sounded trite to me & info. access is a common thread with the work / advocacy I do.
I haven't watched MTV in years. I forget what channel it is actually..but its ridiculous
Excited to write another blog post for ! This one will be fun!
nice man
Need another running buddy for a 5k on Saturday. $20. Benefits diabetes research. Let me know if interested!
Awesome! Knock 'em dead.
Might be the worst paper I have ever written
Just received notification that OHC's Let's Talk about It, Oklahoma! will be funded by Inasmuch Foundation for next three years!
Its 2:46am in I have the freakin hiccups and can't fall asleep wth
For those asking, we don't have the video of Riverside / King fight and not sure whether it was crowd related or team related.
If I lived up there, I would go for sure.
Did I really just eat 3 #cupcakes...in a row??? Shame!!
I want some Chipotle :)
#NP "Whatever It Takes" by Anita Baker...I'm currently the backup singer as my mom performs it for a living room audience of ZERO. Love her
I am more afriad of an army of 100 sheep lead by a lion than an army of 100 lions lead by a sheep.
Loved speaking to Spanish educators at the AMCO conference in Madrid! Thanks for the post-talk conversation as well. Terrific ideas!
Still get excited at the start of every race "Boogity, Boogity, Boogity - let's go racing boys!"
RT : #asecs12 Academic Matchmaking FTW. Everyone should help friend-colleagues find new friend-colleagues to share brains. It's fun!
Loud packs
Begin to weave and God will give you the thread. German Proverb
hahaha ill remind you guys.
That's the thing w vodka...the "sometimes." LOL.
Love it!! I can't stop watching it!
needs your help to answer phones during pledge drive! Contact Rachel at 405/744-9975 if you can help out.
morphing right by our very eyes!
Example of #passoverhaiku: Wicked Son-- Does it seem too harsh/ That I'm cast out because of/ My choice of pronouns?||
On mah way home. I know I sed I would neva say this to a gurl but the gurls at mah new skool r total sluts! Theyre all ova me and its scary
Now that's good #fourpeaksNW TV! swallowed a fly in mid-soundbite, gave head a rubber ducky. Airs 11/2
Be calm, coherent, and cooperative when speaking with
Thanks for the shout out brother!
I got take-out one night a few weeks ago. It's very good pig AND chicken. Thanks for being so nice.
IT IS FUCKING FLAWLESS
application received.
omg is back on my tl missed that guy.!(x
Lmao at people who take me seriously.
Ooh bitch! I know you didn't do what I think you did.(: You'd better be there!
if you say so. Even though you don't think they will make it, we're still friends. Lol I won't hold that against you.
Gorgeous & what a great Mother's Day gift idea, also great idea - give away!!
oh I didn't realize it was an all day drinking event as well. Guess I'm out bros.
You're welcome. You know when I grow up I want to be just like you. LOL
yeah we're fine thank you kalaya x)
Happy Holidays EVERYONE
it's hard with your leaving, I need a way to make it balanced.
Music by Mark Nathan tonight 7-830pm! Come out and enjoy a drink and live music.
Got a golden ticket yesterday for long island's got talent!! :D
No not in a bad way lol AHAHAH but hell yeah dude
No keys. I push to start. (my dishwasher)
Anyone can tackle Monday when Sunday dinner is grilled flat iron steak, asparagus and Sinfonia Tempranillo.
hey that's how it be
Sure thing! And thank you!
i can walk again
you too sweetie. Tweet me after its over k? Wanna hear how your weekend went ;)
Great seeing you at the #Springshowcase! Good luck with a week full of shoots
Niggas envy what they see Out of sight, out of mind So I'mma go on get ghost for a minute
I hope that you're the one, if not, you are the prototype. come have a drink with me! well dance at the laundry mat after xo
": I'm so proud of for finally recycling!!!" Don't get used to it :-P
75 members so far, the 100th member gets $50!!
I came to school right when we got out of 2nd.
#Echelon3000 Thursday w/ Meek Mills ! #HOUSEPARTY ...Ladies *FREE* all night. Come!
Good luck Ian.
Still Watchin this Pens game! Hope everyone is safe in
. has worked for clean water, walkable neighborhoods, bikeable roads. Now let's work for him! Every Day = #EarthDay 4 Scott
Foggy sunglasses. Crepe Myrtles. Watermelons. Brick homes. Car washes. Heavy, thick air. Yep, we're in the
Slightly lower humidity! <35% RT I know I am now in new Hampshire from the shock of static. Why wasn't that happening in Iowa?
i love the feel of knowing that you had a good workout
Great job today and #mpiscc Ryan! Nice delivery style.
RT if penguin
How you doing Auzzy?
what would you be doing in town?
Just overheard a lady at the car wash talking about how conservative the CNN reporting is. She's getting her Land Rover detailed.
Date night at Olive Garden with my mom<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
PhotoReading is a whole-mind learning system that teaches you how to read books 3 times faster
Are you happy you refused?
Finished moving to my new cubicle today. Phone will move sometime in the next 3 weeks
Live As Though Christ Died Yesturday, Rose From The Grave Today, And Is Coming Back Tomorrow.
I need a music artist alias to put out some stuff... Who wants to name me?
I wore a button that said that through my first two years of college
today i have completed soo much!!!! yeah!!!! going to celebrate at
jungle 2 jungle. Duh. U know what movie the character April Oneil is in?
I have been trying for soo long to get to follow me. Can today be the day?! Please follow me kendall? (: RT
Tamales frozen since the Christmas tamale-making party thawed, cooked, and just as good now. Yum!
Reading 's Dare To Dream during school instead of actually doing school work. Yep.
Just trying my hardest to get through these hard times with my mom, staying with dad for the week.
Wes Welker in the house
Last session today: "Security and Privacy in Social Networks" #SXsecurity w/ security lead & Eva Galperin
Thanks for checking in! How was your meal?
haha what for? i got good seats when i went 45 mins earlier!
I love to love not love to hate. Lol Don't worry tho he will always be Braun's backup.
Nice hot bath now laying down next to my love watching some movie she put in
14-year-old girl suspected of stabbing 4-year-old cousin to death in apartment while grandparents were home. I'm live at the scene.
tall and fat:'(
If the damage to your car is a result of hail, fire, flood, vandalism, or some other
Don't forget team Geek Trivia Wed at 8pm. If you think ur so Smart get you friends and put it to the test.
you and should become friends. you're both hoyas in NYC law schools and you both hate fun.
awe thanks(: <3
We would love to hear about your new business!
Richard Romeo played the new character Phil in The Lying Game. Let ABC Family know that you like the character and want to see more Richard.
yes, but not quite as long as yours! You've only got a couple inches on me though! (;
We had lobster Mac n cheese last night and it was EPIC!!
Where does GOD call 4 a people to b shy? HE says be BOLD or COURAGEOUS. So y do we use it 2 describe ourselves when GOD doesn't even use it.
i dont have time for you
my math was a little fuzzy. The real scenario: “: Sunday's clinching scenarios: MIL - (a) point, or (b) SA reg loss, or (c) HOU loss”
what about now? Closer to 90% yes?
Please use #CampusChat to participate in our chat on #college and #glutenfree tonight!
new username =D
congratulations, and see you there! I too love the article title, and can't wait to read it.
To the officials dismay, we didn't go to OT tonight. We lost a few more years off our lives, but we got the W.
Wachovia Securities Found Liable to Former U.S. Congressman for Aiding and Abetting Failed Stock Loan Scheme
No body's perfect, but you're perfect for me.
Anxiously awaiting the development and launch of AllergenMenu.com!
just emailed you! :)
reflection DONE! Gonna add some pics and stuff for extra credit and then my table of contents.
I feel like everyone is betraying me behind my back. Wow. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I see your friend is on tour. Will you tour with her at some point?
Good Morning! Come by today & pick up our strain of the day; Pandora's Box! A great sativa to remedy daytime pain, nausea, & fatigue.
This company is taking our business to another level. #followthem and they #followback #seo and #socialmedia management
god i really just love clair de lune
??? Oh man, I'm really sorry to hear that. General layoffs, or something else?
yeah, yeah, just rub it in :)
I am having a great day too! glad you are well :)
love you more!
Wishing everyone happy holidays!
did he really die?
Nah it's okay u don't have to like jb but I do LOVE Harry potter so obsessed w that
Never apologize 4 ?'s. It's how you learn. And there's a LOT to learn abt CM/syringo. ASAP is VERY helpful!! Are you on fb?
i hav 2 study for my science test 2marro and i should hav cam 2 school 2 day:(
only if your nice!
When I become a pharmacist all I'm gonna prescribe is retail therapy #workslikeacharm <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E>
Depend not on another, but lean instead on thyself...True happiness is born of self-reliance.
Head? check. Claws? check-a-rooni. Big feet? yup. haz ennyone seen mah tail? Iz got a film shoot today.
Too many to RT! Check out 's amazing museum photos!
Loving all the real-time tips you're tweeting for entrepreneurs!
So last night was interesting....
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Deruler in a bottle (message in a bottle)
your so cool! (:
Your hair was so stinkin cute!
text me
bruh i know what u mean doe
Go to www.watchnhllive.com for all the NHL games live online just register and enjoy the games!!!
RT : authortracker.com - a way to keep track of your favorite authors and their upcoming novels
I just, I don't even know. Like, I had to rewind the DVR to make sure I saw it correctly. Why can't they just move on?
Stuff always breaks on days your trying to leave work early!
Up till 11 yesterday doing homework... SS-Study Guide L- Packet M-Worksheets S-Poster, Vocab Cards, Study...
Yep! Spcls: organic filet & eggs or carrot pancakes + reg menu RT : Are you open for Easter brunch?
just watched #TheHills. wow Heidi. wow Kristen.
so csu didn't REALLY pay attention to hawks success in boulder? I am guessing not
Whoa! Alexandra set up a 5th grade Mobile Learning Committee, using QR codes to study and present their school history!
Naked, wet, and dry. Tastiness. But, alas, Jaime beat me to the bunch. Great, now I'm hungry ^_^
Luke Air Force Base of Phoenix is the largest Air Base in the world.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people ask questions they already know the answer to !
EVERYONE! is a fake! even said herself!
#Salute to my homie Holding it down
What did you think? (Hunger Games) I really liked it but didn't read book.
yay finally found out my blood type. i dont know why but ive always wanted to know what it was and dadadadaaaaaaaaa im A+
You're welcome, hun :) Degrees are suppose to be mean something lol. Damn good jobs that is :D in the 80's? Whoa LOL That's the...
My bad. Flight Track. It's blue w a plane on it RT Which one is it?
If man empties his purse into his head, no man can take it away from him. An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.-Franklin
And that's lindas old account she use now
I love putting smiley faces in a argument to make it even more bitchyy.
. reminds me of Eric from That 70's Show and reminds me of Sheldon from The Big Bang Theory.
Tonight has been a night of sadness and violence. Let's push our message and overcome these obstacles!
good luck hit those home runs today
Mhm i love you too -___-
Thanks! Follow us for more info about our upcoming play ;)
Of a parameter, the API docs say, "Generally treat as read-only." Of these docs, I say, "Oh for crying out loud."
Just be YOURSELF!!!
bieber finished high school, he is now a graduate. he had to do it. girls don't want to date drop outs.
I've paid my taxes by CC for three years--am I missing something? Amex is a new option though.
TONIGHT! Reading Series w/ Mike DeCapite, Karen Lillis, & Dirty Poet at Bar on A, 7:30pm, FREE
Wow UGA actually looks like a good team...
In 15 years i will not remember failing a quiz or stressing about lab reports. #MoveOn and #LearnFromIt x
Betty, go for a run or get on a bike. And make Sally do some hard labor.
Everyone please pray for my mom. She lit a fire in the back yard and got 2nd degree burns all up her arm and singed her hair. She's on the
Mother Nature took Labor Day off and brought us beach weather a day late! Our temperature controlled retreats are a perfect escape!
Q1 the most common noise complaints I got at my public library branch were re storytime or staff members
well enjoy your party darlin!
"Show me the money" is now "Show me the data"
what the bearded clam thing? helps me problem solve too.
check out www.fuckyeahcheyennekimball.tumblr.com someone made it for cheyenne fans!!!
Lace up
Take the first step towards your dream.
Come on down, This is my first time there. I am being hosted by one of the family winemakers.
me and you are cute girlfriends lol lucky boys. Waiting on our men
keep me posted on new labels, signings, digital breakthroughs, trends, whats hot and whats not!
Back from another shopping trip! All tax returns money is gone :-(
Thanks for the follow and the preceding MLK quote!
Waiting on love bug to get out of work
M which one's??? Glad we wear the same size lil sis! :P
yeah I know!;) haha i cry every time I watch it lmfao!!:)
--my mom made me winqs :)
David Schwimmer AND Seth Green were in The Wonder Years? Love it! (Also, I forgot how amazing this show is)
RT : It dont matter If we in a relationship. If we got that "thing", i should hear from you every day. Period
Slurp fresh shucked oysters at Sth. St. Oyster Saloon, w/ unlimited beer/treats from April Bloomfield
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY LIL BRO JAMES!!! #ILY kiddo
Happy Birthday shout out to my friend - breakfast in Jamaica, lunch in NYC and dinner in Phoenix :-) love u bro!
Nice review, as always. Note that mobile broadband is still a buck-thirty more, at least it was for me...
you alway somewhere sick big face ass
In Spanish when a weekend meets a holiday on Monday, that little vacation it is called "puente" (bridge)
what up?
Tru It's personality mindset Then looks for me if they got a good personality they mind on track n
doesn't sleep...he dreams for Newark.
Hey kids! Playing live tonight on with is doing a little dance too...check it!
March 26th is when the best beer ever arives from the heavons !
Needs halal meet ASAP! It's been days!
IN NEED OF SOME ZAXBYS >>>>>>>
Life is a roller coaster - sometimes we hve our hands in the air yelling 'WE' - other times we screaming 'STOP THE RIDE & LET ME OFF'!
those awkward things you say on twitter that you wouldn.'t say on facebook
Any web designers out there? We're working on a few new projects and are looking for someone who can rock some CSS design!
Get your order for 12 weeks in by noon Friday for Monday delivery and get 3 WEEKS FREE* Coupon Code : CE2012NYR12 (savings up to $630)
Just checked my grades and I got an A and a B so far. Waiting for the next two. I already know I did good. Keeping up the good work.
Good thing when I get home I only have to pack away my bikini for another two weeks
Back pain<<<<
I knowRT - Aw! That's so sweet! Thank you. You have a great ass too! Don't sell yourself short.
I want pretzels right now. Like soft pretzels! Tehe someone buy me a box of pretzels.
Besides Jessica, I am not impressed with American Idol's Top 4.
a free timeout for KU to rest...
I wish money could buy u happiness but I know it can't
Love the photo, hope you had a great ride, the skyline is amazing! :o)
Thanks for th RT! Hope to share that special with all!
nice seats. Thats the section I sit in everytime I go to a game.
“: I wonder where you got that middle finger from lol” lol you
:( bad morning.
You know me, everyday im hustlin!
THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT GUYS!! Will keep you posted!!!xx
Thanks for following! Nice meeting you! Check out and post pics of your band on their FB page.
God give me strength to become a better person !
The link is correct. Been told we're having some technical issues with the website which may be the problem.
This is worse than watching paint dry.
“ When you change your answer in a test only to find out later that your first answer was right. -.-”
I think players that go straight outta hs and dnt go to college are idiots...please tell me ur backup plan.
I tend to say random things when I'm stressed...that explains my tweets.
One song left for final mix edits...last up "Never on a Sunday."
check out the zebra head & painting ... hotel zaza rocked even if the rooms were bowling alleyesque
#MISTLETOE just played on #mtv <333
Thanx. Same to you
Hating Blackberry and/or Verizon and/or Asurion right now - grrrr
Join Pittsburgh Beer Ladies (if you're not already a member) and sign up on Facebook so I know how much chocolate to get! :-)
Suburbia: where they tear out the trees & then name streets after them.
yes they are aha i would never date a white boy like them aha
Bar tonight or no bar?
Thanks for the follow! Back at you!
your tweets warm my heart
Looking for people with an Ag Communications background. Send resume to
I feel like a loser. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
how did you get that close?! i had presale and i didnt even get that close
oh man, yer in my element, next time just call the Wolf!
Check Out Our Music Reverbnation.com/rachikass
RT It gives me great pleasure that my vs Dilla family get 2 bring MKE another performance Feb 15th!
It's John Cusack!
you right, but I'm on restriction so can't this weekend :\
So good seeing you too! And the night of the Freshman mixer. Your English was fine. : ) The exhibit is Jan 27th. See u then!
Talking about $. Most of my classmates work in student services. College is so fluffy; $ shows me that classroom doesn't matter.
that I ate tacos, today (Monday), at Qdoba...
BTW, got an ASUS Transformer Prime on the recommendation of , very nice machine.
Excited about the table read for episode 205 of
Back to American Greatness: Knowing no one owes you anything. Help comes from kindness not by demand from others.
hey whats up?
“: Q: What do you think is behind some Americans' fear of Islam? Answer: Bin Ladin is the real Muslim not an extreme Muslim.
Happy Birthday Luv.. Enjoy ya Day.
RT : IN WORLD THAT DISTANCE WORKER FROM PRODUCT, GARDEN FROM PLATE, HEAD FROM HEART, COMPASSION IS ACT OF RADICALISM!
Our film #wakeup is uploaded and ready for lots of secure online submissions!!
GOOD POINT
get me a job!
I just still can't look at you the same way as before.
Love and Loyalty
At the legendary TCU-area dive bar the Oui Lounge, newly remodeled. It's like stepping into an Instagram photo.
On vaca in St Louis til Thursday - but you can still order! Use code "BEMINE" now thru Feb 1st for 15% your whole order!
Thousands of current and former players working together #OneTeam RT : ; Y'all hav dun a pretty good job on ur own!
DERRICK ROSE = MVP
TONIGHT: America's #1 Unsigned Artist Showcase, Club Pyramid NYC-8pm. Artists perform FREE. Must bring @ least 1 paying guest. 347 249 9441*
Compassion is both teacher & student. When we show it, we teach it to others. When we feel it, we learn how it heals. ~ Leslie Levine
yeah I think I might have noticed that ;)
What are the predictions for todays #Cleveland #Browns game?
Change your twitter password James, I believe you've been hacked unless you're supplementing Packer pay w weight loss ads!
I WILL FINISH ALL OF MY WORK IN THE NEXT TWO WEEKS.
Greenpeace Protests Apple39s Energy Practices By Releasing Balloons - balloons
Watching The Pitch- some of these agencies I work with everyday. That's kind of cool.
Do mobile fitness apps help or hinder personal trainer & nutritionists when working w/clients?
I literally cried tears of anger because of my screen protector not fitting. I need help.
I know but at least we have Candy Land to look forward to
How was ? What'd you have?
Some #reasonstoloveTheAUC? Our awesome library!
Getting ready for rehearsal tonight, can't wait to see the fight tomorrow night.
We already know why you are in that session.
lovin the mix your puttin on, truly sad about this whole situation lookin forward to the next couple months and seaport 6
Another chance for you to win that trip to Vegas for the iHeartRadio Music Festival is coming up at 5:10p on !
does that make the society more connected or more fragmented?
Let's go
College completion is an economic development issue for local communities. Business needs skilled workforce and should be involved.
Watching tv with the best people in the world! Jackson, Marrisa, and Jessica!
Folklore, Fieldwork, and the Study of History Session--Why don't folklorist do history anymore???
you too! Can't wait to try your 'que -- bummed I missed that secret supper
feel peachy :D
You're STILL angry at me for that? That's cool.... just let me know when you grow up.
Oh you hate me? m yeah, wow thats real interesting.... Thanks for letting me know.... Now when am I supposed to care?.
Think Im going to go to the club with my brothers next Friday .
right now!!!! Haha And it's ours! I made it for us (: like it???(:
If I'm going to invest almost $1,000 for a class, I'd rather learn something from it.
Do you have a favorite song from my new release "After Hours"?
already my nigga
Good Luck!!
AWAKE has been cancelled. Damn, Kyle Killen can't catch a break!
[Rom12:4-5] The Church is the Living Spiritual Body of LordChrist-we have many members but are one body in him & are members one of another!
So now it seems AMC theaters stop their weekend matinee pricing at 4pm, too. Fortunately, Cabin in the Woods was well worth $10.
Is that Lou Holtz doing the National Weather Service emergency alert tornado warnings on TV?
If you email me the video @ I will upload it for you on the backend. Sorry for the hassle sandy
For when you are feeling alone; "Lighthouse"- by
The FSE Just Happened
Day ain't starting off too good
eat tums like candy to neutralize your stomach acids
Greg Biffle beats Jimmie Johnson to the checkered flag at Texas Motor Speedway. #Fox7 News will follow the post-race show.
I hate the cold
I love how I just refuse to see any doctor about 80th street.
what was the 5 announcement ?
Obligatory #unicorn Gotta love Klout's ability to decipher data.
you prove daily.. muscle =
"Suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door."
Will do. Dislike the suspense!
Puff with flat twisted bang and a little flower.
Is anybody home at your office? Pair of ticket claimers are here.
Fabulous look this morning at what is doing on campus to be sustainable! I'm inspired to raise awareness at home.
thank YOU! We hope to see you at the Grand Opening Charity Celebration on April 26. More music, dancing and Churrasco!
Thousands Of People Came Out To #Audition For The ! There Is No Way That Everyone Would Get To Perform. Really Evaluate Ur Product
so True lol
yay! Thank you!
What do you think of the Dr. Head lawsuit at UCLA? Do you think it’s says something larger about academia and race?
Ditto! You're the hardest working publicist in the world!!
Omg the lights keep flickering.. #If my power go out though
Terps win, O's on their way and the Caps weren't taking up any TVs at the bar. Great night!
you said it!!
Does anyone have a severely sexist movie or TV show suggestion for a paper
This halftime show is campier than Rupaul's Drag Race, which I hardly thought was possible. That, to me, is full of win.
Open mic tonight! Come see 20 of Portland's up-and-coming comedians perform. FREE admission with a 2 item minimum.
uh huh... Sure! Excuses excuses! Lol
Paper. That's so archaic!
Think I got carried away with my hot totty. Probably shouldn't have picked the biggest coffee cup I could find.
#FF , , Follow for Great Contests, News, Articles, and All things NOVA!
Thanks to Mr. Claybourn & Mrs. Hall for inviting yVote! to Decatur Central this morning. We enjoyed our time with your students!
lol he said he did
hahahah #wowmomwow that's mad creepy.
Passion 101, "When They See Your Passion, They'll Pay You" is now available on iTunes, Napster, CDBaby and wherever CD's are sold online
A Canadian girl found his blog and offered him to proofread his articles
how the F*CK did i NOT know about before today? wow, i feel a fool. love the great vids!
About to have a great day...
YOU better calL!!!
So could 49ers really go from #2 seed to a team with a really crappy qb in one foul swoop????
maybe if there wives make them watch it lol
"What voice should I be using?" The big ? 4 me in tweeting 4 #SMBMAD Building commu 4 smaller org very diff than
oh cool! wanna be friends on facebook? facebook.com/tiffneyuser11
Yea bro you were out of there....Again! Lol
hey maybe you can make some money off of that.
Got rained on. Im going to take it out on my liver by drinking.
Thanks for the plug Robbie! We love you guys over at Full Contact.
Oh.. :( It'll be fine. Today will go by fast.
Yes! - Sick of these #worldseries umps, you should be forcing batters to hit by calling a strike a strike...not walking in runs
Mayweather showed a lot of grit b!
Deschutes Brewery Street Fare Happening Now from 5pm-9pm! Get out and try Portland's Food Carts, Beer Samplers, Hancrafted brews, etc.
Philabundance.org lots of great volunteer opportunities
can we get one of those ice bars?!
AdWords Limits New Ad Rotation to 30 Days
My mother was just talking about PMA! She dated a few students from there until my father showed up.
Still get boosted everytime i get a free T ride
Thank you :)
1st follow by a web media expert. I will follow back as long U don't tell me what I'm doing wrong, my wife already does that.
Just came back from donating the money, and I raised $100! I'm very proud!(':
RT Can we talk about how I don't have to go to the bathroom right now? -
Merry Christmas to you, too, my friend! May you have a terrific 2012, and see you next year!
It's a typo. Willie just plans to get high with
Just a quick favor my daughter is hanging out a the Bill MacAnnally pits would you say hello. John Gaynors girlfriend.
There is no little enemy.
Let me add that this is not for my employer.
It's Blue Collar Wednesday! Show your business card or come in wearing your work uniform and get 20% off.
Looking for HipHop Female Rappers ala Missy Elliot style, Ms Jade,etc for FILM/TV Projects...
lol yes it's disgusting
Interested in dinner & a trip to SLYC Friday night?
When is the rapture?
Phone sex is so fucking boring!!!!!!!
high altitude humor! good one. You could do a side-gig for events at the retreat center as a comedian??
My hair is curly?
thanks for ruining my birthday
The Leakycon announcements just keep getting better and better. I am so ridiculously excited.
Three points mandatory. enough said.
“: #mbchats Is it possible to quit the Internet?” Yes. Look out for my carrier pigeon.
It's disturbing to see the chili peppers play shirtless in their late 40's and still look better than I did in my teens.
Awesome seeing Tiger win today. It's been a long road back to the front.
I am not sure why you keep trying to "get at me" as if we are somehow adversaries. We are on the same side, trying to solve
No. Sorry. That will not work as the science used is different for a true autosomal test. It is a reflection of all lines. TY
Yees! I could have gotten you half priced admission
clearly I left too early!
Hells yeah my dude! Been waitin' for the return of the purple tape since I was sittin' car seat stlyle...
Ah happiness, I've found the key. If I could be somebody, I'd be me
Tonight is Salsa night at La Fogata and we are so excited! The weather is supposed to be lovely in the high 60's.
Big Shoutout to my newest follower ;-)
Excited to play at SonFest this weekend in Harleton, TX! We go on at 1:30 PM!
Morning TL waking up is a blessing
People that stare. <<
I'm so glad London is only 2 hours from where I live:')
is the best Madison in the world! #hacked ;)
I'm insulted
If you wanna get with me there's some things you outta know. I like my beats fast and my bass down low.
Hey. Thanks for following. I'm almost to 800 followers. Can you shout me out? (:
The cerulean blue scene is basically the one thing I remember about the X-files. Weird!
Three Kegger Thursday at 23 Palmer tonight. C ya der cowboys and cowgirls.
S/O to>>>> Ond bad ass girl right there.
RAISE IT!!!! #Pirates win 4-2 and take the series from the Nats.
is going to San Antonio!
Time to reorder cd's... DEFY is officially sold out! YAY
I'm surprised they aren't giving more info. I'm headed to find out what's happening. Any idea where the ground activity is?
Yes I agree, but for gay people, he is the first to take an actual stand regardless of if it's fake or not.
#YoMommaSoFat she puts insurance on her food.
I'm fine Thanks.!!!! I just had a party.!
Look at this mothafucka cheatin an gettin mad cuz he knows he cant win without help
exactly or Instagram could partner & offer this RT : or RT : Isn't this called cafepress?
Pay close attention to how dirty her feet are in the Motel 6/sex scene- and Becky's death...
loving the Snatch soundtrack
Wow you look like your 16!! #ThingsIGetAlot Uh no im only 14 sorry boo boo <3
thanks so much allison.we appreciate the support!
#neasc11 Hotel Wi-Fi finally kicked me out. No, I don't think I'll pay another $14 for internet for the next several hours of the meeting.
heading up that way today.
Mine are alphabetical by artist and then in order of release. For most, it's <3, but it really matters to me for some.
who wants to go with me to chedders tonight?? message me!!
"yet to be incorrect"...thank you I haven't laughed like this in years! :-)
lol! Was thinking I needed to get out the tampons. I'll just pass the virtual popcorn then.
I'm such a hypocrite.
Happy mother's day is trending...but...it's not mother's day?
i'm totally happy too!!!! i just love it when we can talk :) nothing special..what about you my love??
Thanks for the #FF. I love key lime pie but alas, has stopped carrying it!
id give anything 2 make it big
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 3
hotter than fuzzy legs?
Scottish accents are the new Australian accents.
I'll be there Saturday afternoon, won tickets and will need to drive, so playin it safe and going in the afternoon.
if you don't care
Tired of tracking oil into your home from the garage/driveway? Is it time to clean it up? Prices from $95 vegaspressurewashing.com
lol what hi.
nice to meet you, I'm autumn
Old people from hell at this place
He's lost his son, Fabio.
Doing some more work on LibGuides today. Updating URLs and simplifying database descriptions.
Trains on Poplar>>>
What will come first? News about acceptance to a film festival or my son?
they deserve to lose then.
there is more!! Keep watching!
That's great man, glad it is working out as you'd hoped.
Whats good Free!!
i think that's the pay version of Jing! d'oh! :)
holy fuck I'm so jealous. Have fun!
Celebrity Death Tweeting: the practice of succinct shorthand-commiseration on an oft-frivolous- or marketing-geared-platform.
HAHA RT : I'm sure that was his childhood dream -- to be broadcasting in the restroom. :)
I actually saw you at school today!!
The new move is calling for value OOP
Locked sister out of the car in the pouring rain the she got locked out of the house HAHA
For those who are here... Reflect on
you're so hypocritical. All you do is bash Obama and he's running for office. Why can't do the same?
RT : THIS: : I wish Beyonce & Jay-Z would get on stage & present their baby to the world like Mufasa did in the...
dude we just learned that in my religion class, cause we've been watching inception loll
Friendship should be a two way street. I have friends who a one way people. Need to edit them from my life.
im going to need aproximally 50 disks to hold all my music -__- i dont have that many disks.
“All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward.”~Ellen Glasgow
u have spurs 3rd?? Or did you just try to butter up to get on air? Last I checked u have spurs 1 & hate the heat
it's an iPhone (:
Got a Hunger Games look you're dying to share? Show us!
I just... I don't even know. You know?
Literature in English goes nowhere in an English-only environment.
Was it a dream or did you mention at one time could be used to do group baby announcement text messaging?
Happy Friday the 13th. Can you spell tristadecaphobia? Don't know if that's right?
lol some people are so quick to believe whatever they hear without any proof whatsoever.
Don't try to impress me with bs. Believe me, I can tell you're making stuff up.
#wow why the hell am I up? I think it's time for another lovely morning walk. Gotta love waking up in a good mood.
wasnt here for a long time again D;
Check out "Be part of our revolutionary experiment in generosity-based publishing." Well, this is quite interesting.
mine is almost equal to both of yours combined :p not that it matters.
#TwSIG Make the twitter interesting and engaging. Then the click links can be measured. how many click throughs.
Merp merica Merp merica o how cray that crow is sitting on ledge o shit I fell off and bummed my head!
Not a believer in amnesty? RT About to demolish some tacos.
Win a Strawberry Lemonade from FOX6 and McDonald's! Just tell us the highlight of your weekend. Email with your answer.
Paramount here I come - meeting with the crew, apparently we're making a movie, that's what they're telling me. I'll let you guys know.
#ASTD2011 anyone in the area ... stop by at Howling At the Moon on International Drive. :)
The loveliest masterpiece of the heart of God is the heart of a mother. ~St. Therese of Lisieux
Rapping fried chickens thats eating watermelon
may disown me for this but need a big victory from the #Cards today!!! Lets go Louisville!!!
This is depressing
Umm when I'm gonna see u next? Sooner then later jerk ;) xx
I wanna see the avengers so bad :(
Staying in silver cloud hotel in Seattle pretty nice relaxing :)
not sure who's doing anything.
Some of the mogs I went to high school with still are in a high schoolers mindframe.
Listening to that old school b.w.a.
The adventures of Hunckle Bucket
What does it mean when you feel like yournlosing your eyevision but your really not ????
Damn hackers! Hope it was just a one time thing! I'm nobody special- they need to get a life! Hope all is well with you!
Completed the longest run of my life today! Ran along the beach from Lincoln Park 2 Alki, 11 miles out n back in 1h 48min
Moving is so overrated! But at least the new house is within a block of a starbucks, liquor store, and restaurants!
it's not crazy talk... but we've failed to #OccupyLanguage and the term "conspiracy" now has a different connotation.
I don't think I need to tell you how special the Parkrose community is! Couple of cute houses in Maywood. I know a great gardener.
So. Much. Homework.
Danny Brown: the web is just the web. Don't get bogged down in numbers (2.0, 3.0, etc.).
But the U.S. DOJ should be investigating & heads should roll.
"Crumbling like pastries" makes me love Ed Sheeran's A Team so much. Total sucker for songs that reference baked goods. #<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
My head says "Who cares..." then my heart says "You do stupid..."
OK! OK! Geez! Stuffed breadsticks, anyone?
was supposed to work at 3, thought I worked at 4. Rolled in at 4:10 #soberliving :(
A "thank you Bucks" chant from Thank you Squad Six. Thank you fans.
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams
I was lmfao! Awwhh I love herr! <U+2665>
what up tony don't mean to bug you did you check those tracks out its under thanks man just checkin
Yeah that's what I thought eminem.
O pubcrawl sounds like fun. Retirement sounds better.
We as a show are not biased to Chris Brown! I myself () thinks what he did was wrong & hopefully hes changed.....
*snickers* I think dink means something else here. *looks it up on Urban Dictionary* *bleaches eyes* I shouldn't do that.
Good morning Weslye. Let us honor the lovely Rosa Parks today and her courageous act of dignity and restraint. Thanks.
Okay- I don't have time to get sick!
ikr <U+2665> I'm about to make some
Thanks, man. Writing your own bio is already awkward, so I just went with it. - I subscribed to your feed. Looking fwd to it!
I feel like a zombie
You will all enjoy my twitter avatar when it updates.
I have no respect for guys who call girls their bitches and hoes -.-t
Can't wait for u to kick our butts this weekend in Solea & Buleria workshops!!
I just read about you in the Observer! Have fun at the conference.
What a fun night. Lots o' talent. Thanks!
GoodNight Shout Put Too < 3
Is the song that I continue to press play, repeat over and over again. Thank you & <U+2665><U+266B><U+2665>
I know you like to run, but what else do you enjoy for working out? Crossfit?
I wonder who Royle is rooting for...Matusz or Napoli?
If not stay sleep
“The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.”
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the fuck is the ceiling!?
Jesus and some lady in Walterboro, South Carolina just saved me 100$!!!
It's just one game either way. We still have a lot more coming.
There is Nothing Like a Humble, Sweet, Loving, Caring, Patient, Understanding, Compassionate, Intelligent & Beautiful woman!
When you have only one guy that you can say, "You smell good." to, THAT'S the keeper.
Houston: 1% increase in college grads will equal $4.2 billion in economic impact
+1RT : I miss the fat
Now I know what Generation X is up to!
Land of opportunity! And ambulance chasing! RT : Two-thirds of the world’s lawyers live in the United States.
oh stop lol I texted you earlier and you never texted back
Maria? She'll live.
ahah didn't know I was follow ya .. hey puss aha
i,m deff a music head yup yup retweet if u love music
o sorry i meant to tweet and individual.....
Its #Friday biatches
Jeppa Joes is trying out a new location today...heading to Catalano Square near MIAD...see you there!
I am frightened to ask what draw something is.
Any betting pools on whether Edith gets taken out by the Spanish Flu pandemic before the end?
Im recording ABDC not feeling well & im really tired
closing day = sad. last 2 shows of Treasure Island! I'm so lucky that I got to work with awesome people :)
I've been to the 500 several times...while this was a great race...really glad I wasn't there!
Fire extinguished. My train is moving again. Have a great day.
Risks must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing.” <U+2015> Leo Buscaglia
never heard of u
#ThingsIWantTheMost: to stay with you forever.
Lol you sound just like me! I just used mines Saturday, now I still have a movie card waiting.
who you callin' 'hoe'? I'm fine thanks, how are you?
professor got me sick! ugh!!
you took my lighter!! bastured..
I'm pickin up my offices packets tonight I hear we all get maracas lmao
People are dissing Omarion for signing to Maybach Music Group? Be happy for the guy, I'm sure there's no anal sex involved at the new label.
I'll be doing that tomorrow.
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start
Yesterday we made some updates to how designs get upload, if you are having difficulties, please yell at (fixing it)
To show how thankful we are to all our fans, we're giving you 3 chances to win a free Scorzie today...stay tuned!! Happy Thanksgiving...
#10FBtips Respond to comments and wall posts-the sooner the better! 80% of people you respond to will go on to make a purchase decision.
aww you look exhausted!
HULK SMASH! Hey, I just pick Caller 10. It's up to you to BE that caller :) Keep tryin'!
It would be AWESOME if you tweeted me today
thanks so much for the mention, you rock.
I think he hates Beyonce more. She doesn't let even come by the house anymore
Shout out for DHSI!
8:30 on a Friday night...got out of the shop early!
Sometimes with my music, I feel like I'm speaking this secret language. And I get so excited when people understand.
I think I can get laid. I think I can get laid. I think I can get laid.
WHEN YHU GUYS B POSTING THAT YAL GOING TO SLEEP OR SOME LIKE DAT, IM GON' B RESPECTFUL & REPLY BAK TO DAT CUZ I KNO MOST PPL WONT.
RT If you are a twitter JUNKIE! xDD
Time ta get started
See Scarlett Johansson&#39;s Avengers Beauty Look From All Angles
thanks for the follow guys!!
stop texting me my phone isnt working!!
YUM! RT Our soup of the day is a delicious rich tortilla soup garnished with flash fried tortilla strips and avocado!
isnt it six dollars now? And imax is $8!
Prototype 2(IDK if it came out yet tho)
I love how no one realized how good the beastie boys were until MCA died
last day to save 20% on your order! use code justcuz11 in your shopping cart
You set a table before me as my enemies watch; - (Psalm 23:5)
Save money on books by going to the library instead... Just make sure you return them on time!
NEVER SAY YOU DON'T NEED THE KIT. Tupac said that and well...
#SomePeopleNeedTo lose weight now ask me how!
I'm gonna find someone, someday, who might actually treat me well.<3 It's too late for you to come around begging for forgiveness</3
Interesting tidbit from Q & A via Carlos Barbosa: the color blue in the Atlantis Lounge? Hotly debated!
they annoyed me >:( but this is like an ongoing trend... EVERYONE LIKES THE BOYBANDS!!!
Technology and home brew....this is an excellent article for the lover of both tech and beer!
thanks ash! It's hard out here!!
TONIGHT AT 1 AM--Twitter contest for the FIRST of TWO OSS Passes will be going down...STAY TUNED TO OUR TWITTER TO WIN!!!!! pulsehiphop.net
3 hours, 6 minutes until Happy Hour! You can thank the faculty at Garfield High School for requesting and earlier Happy Hour on Fridays.
Pls email to volunteer for
yea probably.so what's new?
Dells up?
: thats because your not!
you can spam me any day :)
Bush league Fakers show true colors. Entire LA organization embarassed in ignominous, truly embarassing defeat.
are going to be on the warped tour?! Heck yes! Going this summer in New Jersey!
I'm having one of those lazy days where I'd rather throw out my dirty hot chocolate mug, than clean it.
Ok, I've got a silly question. See, I'm too cheap to buy a foam roller right now, but I DO have a swim noodle. Whatcha think?:)
I love rainy days! In those days I love watching some films or Austin's vids! It's so cozy...:)
this is a joke right???
Congrats to the 2012 grads!
I wanna go to the city but it's to cold. -_-
Happy "You Accidentally Got Pregnant and Kept the Baby day"!!!
1whole week of detention next week -.-
o yeah
is it for a single post or a category template? in_category only works for single post display.
Enjoy your day D :)
sure thing and you!
Shot a great interview last night for 21-7 magazine details are soon to follow.
You bet it is. It takes something that's a chore and makes it a group accomplishment. Thanks!
You bringing the taco dip?
he is no joke right about now
About to photograph quite possibly the cutest baby I've ever seen. Happy afternoon!
since I'm American. Azteca in Mexico City. Cup qualifier. Copy Zidiane's from the 2006 World Cup final.
mhm. Like ok I DID think it was kayden but it's not. So now idk who it could possibly be. Or like why would someone do tht?
Well so far I have one new attagirl item made and one new Hazel&Haverly item made. Only about 20 to go...no big deal.
wow! totally action-packed and from the heart. re: Gotta be Zakk Wylde's Farewell Ballad
Why do I get ten trillion random friend requests on facebook???
thx for playing but u still LOST lol, try back again tomorrow...
I would probably put Vick lower, or not include him at all. There are too many QBs better than him now
when are you guys going?
I never wanna see that nigga again. He was a waste of time, money, paper, and ink. I finally convinced my mom to not call the tutor back.
Can I please one fucking woman I like to treat me right? Just one
Great day talking developmental ed reform with leaders from
LITTLE SISTER LOL
Your rock, Elyssa! RT : I love ! I'm a huge fan. I probably eat there at least once a week for lunch.
I hate State exams, what's the whole point of it -_-
didn't get a text but gathered the deets from tweets. will send & spread.
Thank you, thank you, thank you for the retweet. God bless. Eric with Naked Like Adam
It's a new dawn, it's a new day, it's a new life for me, and I'm feelin' good
Everything reminds me of you, and it upsets me so very much. And I hate you for it, but I can't hate you because I still love you.
Thanks dudes for the support
Last minute $99 special for this Saturday, September 25! Stay tuned for the link to book your room! Exclusively on Twitter and Facebook.
Keyla Snowden has blue finger nails...and is leading scorer
hey adam, how are you?
Yet often, a metaphor is the most apt description. RT : DESCRIPTION IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN METAPHOR
thanks! Youll have to keep me updated with all the great things will be doing next year!
he's dead, miletti
Tedious box office analysis add worse by first Japanese abbreviation conversion into numbers and then yen to dollars conversion.
of messing up.
When we bring a gift to a party, love to give homemade foods - fudge, olive oils, vinegars & even liqueurs
When let's me over to use her shower when my water heater is broken>
Hasn't hit me that I'm now 22. I feel so old saying that
come back
Game of Thrones time!!
Getting lawlers today. Yepp. Doing it.
hello SOCIAL ADDICTS AKA TWITTER BUGS... LOL So.. whats SMOKING TONIGHT?
Just received a great new assignment -- coordinating the visit of a group of Tibetan monks to make a sand mandala this fall.
Today was some day. Began with a discussion with Parkside's chancellor and ended with a call from Madison's. Everybody
well glad to know I made ur day I guess my good deed for the day is complete lol
Looks like fun! RT Join us at 6PM @ The Robinson Theater for Drumming, Theater & Dance by young people in our fall '10 programs
Watching "The Vow" <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Just so you know, is a saint. Thanks K-denks for sending my tax info! Your Mt. Dew and Jelly Beans are in the mail.
Arlington Drafthouse Live Stand-Up Comedy at the Old Arlington Grill - ONLY $5 Thursday 11/10 at 8:00 PM
RT : Thanks for the shout-out to RT : Startup Neighborhoods - An Infographic of Toronto...
I am not bound by my past, but instead defined by God's future for me.
If there's one thing I've learned recently it's to just take everything in stride and it will all work out for the best.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that you love to death, but kind of wants to kill at times.
Such a short solo for the judges to make decisions. I don't envy their challenge in selecting dancers.
that's false he's only legitimately been to 1
You want to study acting in order to work as an actor. So many actors want to get 'beat up' so they have something to blame their career on
And the environment!
Thanks for following my twitter feed. Best of luck with your personal development. I bet you have a lot to give others too!
what belly?? You look Gr8!!
Just got back from the theaters. Saw Titanic, didn't cry.
goal today...work on article and then talk for sunday!
I do love legislators that can rock the
Just came home to eat the rest of the Fettucine Alfredo and some oreo snack cakes. Ill cry in the morning.
Guys, my brother's too cool for Twitter, but he's organizing the event behind the #balloonacy hashtag - check it out!
fuck off jew
Twin baby girls proving a big draw at the booth
OH HAY DERE
We'll be on Q101's Local101 tonight at 9pm! And don't forget our show at the Subterranean this Wednesday!
I really do. He is like a really big kid who has a lot of issues....and it doesn't make it right, but I think he was just excited!
Pete PIERRE is a sad truck. He miss you today
Josh! Thanks for following!
I can ask my parents
Singing around the piano is what we do best. Right &
Today TFG will be conducting our first interview with Image 1st Miami! Wish us luck & stay tuned for the final product! BTW, Happy NYE!
FINALLY .. Finished with My hair ... To bed i go
Uh oh, probably flustered by major police presence here in the flatiron district got a large iced coffee instead of the usual iced tea #!!!
Hello Everyone! Working on some material. Hope you all are having a wonderful week in the new 2012. :)
I just recruited a new consultant! He just opened himself up to a new world of opportunities!
thank you for the most awesome birthday song on my phone. Saved forever :) besos.
. I never said that. At all that's bullshit.
After awhille the small things become big things .
Best of luck to the best closer in the history of the game. And that's from a Tigers fan. Rivera is all class.
young forever- the ready set! love that song <3
#WhenTheBossIsAway deadlines don't mean jack.
None from me, sorry. Can't make it to the movies this year, unfortunately.
StoneSoulPicnic SONG OF THE DAY EVERYBODY LOVES THE SUNSHINE-Roy Ayers
It's 3:15 and I'm just waking up? I hate being sick..
speed on pole looking to be what realistically this year? 220.....218?
email sent :)
Watch monday!!!!
Not gunna lie..this is hilarious!! RT Snooki launches "Snookify Me" app that turns you into "Jersey Shore" guidette in photos
RT : Scottie Pippen making what I believe is his first Rose Garden appearance since leaving the
Hi everyone, I just launched my new website for my private teaching stuff. Check out northshoreguitar.com
it's off to our gym, Duke Roufus MMA Academy, for weigh-ins & physicals for tomorrow's Gladiators show. 50 MMA fighters in 2 hours!
I wish just one *calm* intelligent person could respond and the rest of us just ignore him because he's the equivalent
I've never hated on any of my peoples. Nor would I talk down or hiside for some female.
Just getting started w/ at an after-school center for my dissertation research. Interested in your work.
I really wanted to make it on this trip, but it won't work. Next time. The photos I've seen are unreal!
The world is yours.....
Its priced high, but if youre planning a special night it's worth it. You'll never forget the view.
Wind gusts to 50 MPH possible between now and midnight. Showers overnight. Much cooler tomorrow. Sunny weekend ahead of us.
RT :Today is #localday.Tweet your zip code as a hash sign & build new connections with your neighbors and local community. ==>28211
Great having dinner with you the other night, next time you are in town we'll have to come to how was the salami?
lolol I'm full of them (:
Thanks, Is Bordetella an every-year vaccine or can it be less often?
Oh...<remind self to NOT sleep on stomach>...the pain!! <Acid reflux strikes with a vengeance!>...That bloody hurts! <throat on fire!>
Free Shipping on all of our books for Lent! May the Lord enlighten all of you to live the life of the Gospel. Please pray for us.
So stereotyping is all right when you do it? My past impression was that you were against it, period.
Right? We're geniuses in the idea department, but this one would blow even Einstein away
I'm soo proud of you!!!!
if I have a philosophy, it's "subvert the artifice."
good job!!!
Slick living swag!!!!!!
NetCDP Online Backup compression makes it much more cost effective and faster than most Online Backup services.
At for Music is pretty slamming right now!
Check out on now! Trust me you won't #regret it.
Surprised to hear folks talking Dublin Core at the Symposium on Laptop Ensembles and Orchestras - thoughtful work.
Do you crave an experience that only holding a book in your hand can give you?
welcome back!
Fabulous, uber-spicy meal at Little Serow last night w/ & friends.
For all my #Raiders friends and followers, time for the #Packers to do business.
You know you got game when a girl jumps back onto the Titanic for you. There was probably room for two on that door though...
#Fast Jimmy Johnson Bring it home!!
: Thanks so much for the follow! :)
Support independent black cinema. About to see
if she says yes, i will have more of a reason to love Ana lol
Now That's Telling Them
Hood is up and work is gettin' done tonight
Cigarettes do not make u go to hell. It just makes you smell like you've been there!
Yes! Actually, I am going to start dipping coffee.
4th of July Liners are up now, from your favorite country artists, in #productionvault! Check it out!
The more and more they show the replay i think he should get a fucken red card!
so exciting! have the best (and most relaxing!) time EVER.
#thebachelorette The helicopter guy is douchy
": I'm just really frustrated" tell me about it...
Lol you want help?
Just got my W-2. Damn am I a fuckin loser.
Try this: call 866-584-0774, ask any question, get called back with the answer (My entry into the contest)
Great time to replace your old foam in your sofa cushions!! 30% discount if you mention this tweet!
Bird Lives
Well ok. MKG shows up for these games. That's for sure.
thanks for coming! I hope you got yours running!
thank you for following our brand new twitter account. Website launch coming shortly. We invite your followers to follow us
I LOVE that song
you are look
What's happened to your site? I have used it in my course in the past, but it seems to have gone belly-up.
I accompanied college students during their end of semester juries. The best is how relieved they are when they're done.
LAW AND ORDER #COMMUNITY is like a combination of my two favorite things ever. But...I have to wait to watch it until the so gets home :(
People stop hating on the #Sixers! If you fucking watch basketball. D Rose was out more than half the season. Get your fucking facts right
I'm fine
Now that's funny. He bit the hand that fed him four years to early. 2016 would be his shot.
i need that green leaf ASAP
#CNN: This is NOT breaking news: "Pope Benedict XVI has met with Cuba's former leader, Fidel Castro"
Oh Ben, let's not even think about a life without each other. We're together now and that will never change.
you should get XBOX. THEN, Ill play you in Call of duty. DEAL?(;
I don't know who Josh Hamilton is or why his name is all over my feed....
Seems to be the trend
Cuz u r a slut I should of listen to Nicholas :( Good Bye
Agreed, but it's definitely for the better. This team needs to rebuild through the draft, not by getting swept in the 1st rd
It's so nice spending time with old friends
Brain Anderson just assuming (correctly) that the Cubs will bunt here is precisely what is wrong with baseball.
Good Morning
I guess the good ole fashion "ass whoopin" is just a rare unorthodox trademark of the 90s..
Always there in spirit! Helps that I can listen to in Chicago!
RT : Shooting at the world cause life is jus a free throw
Aww aren't you the sweetest and I agree with that. Lets be best friends ok? k :)
I have to explain daily to my cat that my hair is not his toy.
orange chicken :)
is this Antonio D'Ambrosio's movie?
#replacemovienameswithbacon Never Say Bacon!! ;)
Currently planning 2012 schedule now. Probably will be in the area in the fall.
Just want to thank everyone for following us. We should have the first version of our site up soon and are very excited. Thanks Again!
Have a gorgeous morning and an absolutely fabulous day ta ta dahlings
First walkabout with 5D Mark I and 24-105 1:4 - the rest of the L series will have to earn their time. I'm going to like this.
#occupypierstonight Consumers need to vote with their $. Buy from companies who keep jobs in US.
Creating arts and crafts projects for a summer program using recycled paint! Does anyone have any ideas?
So looking to bust a nut
text me!
Lol so are you
ADOT is reducing the speed limit in both directions on SR-87 from 65 to 45 mph btw mm 191 & mm 193 for fire crew safety.
Differentiate your business by actually showing your customers that you care about doing business with them more than once. A rare thing.
She was also pretty public with Ms. Jenkins, imo
I'm a G boy, get smoked by da p boi
ok this time change is ony causing my brain my feel many wtfs. HOW IS IT ALREADY 6PM!!???? Where the.... what the...? huh??
Will you be able to use public transit to get to the new job? If so, I recommend. It's nice letting someone else drive.
good job hannah hahaha
Red sky at night, sailor's delight. Red sky in the morning, sailor's heed warning. Will thi old wives' tale hold true today? Hope not!
I feel like I focus better on homework at night. Too bad that's when I have to sleep. ¯\_(<U+30C4>)_/¯
thank you for the shout out!!
So tired right now. I'm going to sleep.
so confused by this tweet. Mustang Alley is a bar here in bmore
orioles look TIRED. Hopefully they leave Matusz out there to take one for the club.
Whether it's Follow Friday or Aloha Friday, looks like a great resource for #windowsphone and #kiddori users.
faculty planning now going into breakout groups. We will be tweeting using the hashtag
I'm a CA native. Earthquake drills in all grades. 5.8 no big deal there, but state codes require specific safety regs not found elsewhere.
Yea he did nigga must be tired I guess smh RT LeBron gave up on that play smh
it's cool. Clorissa told me to tell you to follow her.
I cannot stand #lmfao most annoying band ever who gives a fuck that they "party rock"
Ima live a lil cause people lie alot & die alot like ma bd say lmbo he mad I stole his fb status n put it on here im just playin w him doa
Cant wait untill the new season 2 of teen wolf
Thank you!
A friend is, as it were, a second self.
RETIRING JIZZLE...!! NEW SITUATIONS!!
RT : Sunday! The Sowebo Fest is this Sunday! We can't wait to see everyone there! It's 12-9, come early and stay late
I keep forgetting that. Not that I'm worried about the number. All I have to do is feed the bots if I want a bigger number. :)
Damn Im Ready Ta Go Ta MIA
Thx for sharing #inspiration RT : “: "People do not change, they are merely revealed." - Anne Enright”
really? That'll be great! Waiting on good NYC weather... I hate cold and I hate humidity.
not missing out at all...this new tweet deck is no fun...I have to figure out how to get back to the simple/original tweetdeck...
Don't overlook the search options in the Grades tool. Great way to filter students by score, etc.
Dude! Dakota is talk to me O_e Help me....
What sits below the tip? Zombie apocalypse survival tips?
Thanks for the information! You are welcome to email us at service(at)onlynaturalpet.com as well!
me too and I don't smoke!!
If GOD says it. You best believe HE will sure enough do it. HE cannot and will not go back on HIS word.
Writing up my judge's comments. It was a difficult decision to make. In fact, I just might change my mind at the end of these 140 characters
good job at practice
Definitely!!! Let's do Lunch or Dinner soon!
That's only for when I'm eating actual baked potatoes..I'm making mashed potatoes..lol..
not a Man City fan by any stretch of the imagination, but how they won the Premiership was fucking legendary. well played.
Enjoy outdoor pursuits like hiking, snowshoeing? Campbell Outdoor Club meets 5:30 pm Jan 3 at 155 High St to plan self-led trips/share info.
Dr. Cokley is looking at how racial identity impacts academic success - particularly the challenges that Black students face
Haha these women are all acting like they are happy their husband is having a baby with that woman... straight faking it...
watching American Idol :)
RT my thumb hurts twitter and Facebook, what shall i do ?
No, not in this tasting. Not familiar with those producers...will keep an eye out.
I think everyone would love to see that, ed, watch out
Admit it. At one point in your life you pretended that the floor was hot lava and if you stepped on it you'd die.
Hey I just met you, and already I don't like you, so heres my address,fight me maybe? -__-
wife won't let me get an Xbox. It's like that.
I just ran a test with Mike K.'s Predator II program and it generated the winning pick for the Saturday Texas midday Pick 4 game.
- We are excited about continuing our collaboration this year as well! Should be a great series.
Samsung Galaxy S I smartphone delights with exclusive features, voice interactions
great week of senior loving advocacy. Look forward to seeing you in Dallas at
just tryna end the school year, hbu
I think D Rose is pretty much guaranteeing a win! RT Going to the #Bulls Game tonight with hoping to see a
i rlly need a new background!!!
most amazingly beautiful & tallented girls!! evss!!
I have learned that there is, indeed, such a thing as a stupid question.
HEY PEOPLE YOU SHOULD FOLLOW SHE'S REALLY COOL!! SO FOLLOWER HER!!!
RT : Fave Quote! : It's ok to share something before its perfect, the world will help you.
Why are the identities of NSTIC finalists not being made public?
It is o'clock too early on a Saturday and I am at a HAm Radio event in Marietta after 3.5 hours sleep. Shit.
Yes, but more so professionally...I had an 8 year career in Urban radio and when I tried moving into a larger market....
See, now you really want to come to THATCamp Hybrid Pedagogy in Portland, huh? :)
Are you #optimistic or #pessimistic about the #economy ? Are you #hiring new #workers before the #presidential #election ?
i love u eben....god bless everyday......i wanted you to win.....but its okay.......your so handsome...
I literally cannot even deal with freaking funny it was.
When you start to hate someone , everything they do begins to annoy you .. them : "*Cough*" you: "OOOOHHH MY GOO "
I Totally Geett You ! ;D
that looks good... do they deliver? lol
Thanks for the props! Join us for a conversation about mental health, mindfulness & meditation
thanks you :)
Ya that's what I thought.
#BOYFRIEND on the radio!!!!
North shore mall,
Archival double sided tape actually delights me. This is not sarcasm.
Babysitting for second day in a row, then back to camp for work yep its official...
Thanks for the #MusicMonday Follow. We really appreciate it! is grateful for your recommendation.
OH DON'T MIND ME! I'M JUST BLOWING UP YOUR NOTIFICATIONS!
#ImWeakFor anyone who has blue or brown eyes
Can't wait to see it Friday. I've heard wonderful things!
Today is "Sandwich Day!" What are your favorite sandwich shops on social media?
knicks crush magic w/out lin and stoudemire? wow....maybe they are for real
I was curious as to whether we'd ever loss to Vandy by more ... We have. 6 times. It's been a tough year, but still love the cats.
your not Joey... His account is vertivied:/
I love your Arnold Schwarzenegger impression! Hahaha
Is having an amazingly difficult time keeping his mouth shut while in Pittsburgh.
Dont talk so much, just kiss me (:
I don't like hearing that they don't treat my sister fairly.
Post Edited: Turning Your Passion Into a Business
I could not have fun tonight I was thinking bout too much . . .
as a man I appreciate it
going to Lake Ballinger again today. better prepared today with the clothing situation. have to head to the store for food and then we are..
new account? If this is really DA, name two other teammates from the 91 DHS team. Not sure who to folo.
Biting the hand that feeds you might get you f*ing teeth knocked out
#teamLyndzi but I don't think that's how it's gonna end.
The filthy Yankees lose and my AL Champ Rangers get it done once again!!!
#Whatif all the time we spent on Twitter/Facebook etc. was spent studying? We'de all be so smart >.<
my daughter makes me insane lol
Galatians 5:16 KJV This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh
I hate that I've been sick since thrusday tottally bull
So if it were played only from Christmas to Epiphany you would not hate it? Confused, trying to follow...
TINTIN! I was way off….
xox #fashionpassion I DM'd you back :) chat soon.
Thank you from all the GTWT girls for volunteering at Personal Statement Day! Looking forward to acting class in January!
Love running into twitterless kate atwell and at Walgreens and winning a free 16x20 poster :)
$45 to go 1 mile back to my house? No thanks!! Your accelerator fare is less than cool.
ergo, despite your current stage of anger, you're still just a meager rat trapped inside an apparatus meant to keep you there.
thx but i use the organic approach. connecting 2 followers authentically
can't wait to see it (;
Happy Friday the 13th
We're curious-- our afternoon commute is coming up, and we need a good audiobook. What is YOUR favorite listen?
Yet you're checking Twitter and sending texts (from a new number?)
No link provided! Shoot me one and I'll be sure to provide feedback.
i would sit down and have dinner with my family
I hate when I write like a paragraph and I get back a "Oh" like I just send you a paragraph and all you say is Oh
haha nice! I always come at night! I haven't came in like a week though cus I've been sick :/
is in the building
Gonna go to bed....Night :)
Entire Law practices have been built off of a properly executed newsletter.
Great talk on social media use in libraryland.
good question. My boss, who is a lawyer, is attending a lecture on social media and employment law next week.
I am enjoying the last few days of my summer break by sleeping in and reading a lot :)
Spent the day celebrating my younger son's b-day. He was delighted by every tiny detail - it was a magical day. I am feeling so grateful!
#Hulu please get new commercials!!
Choir auditions = #Fail lol
First Friday in #FountainSquare!
not nearly as much hoops tweeting2do today...time2move2my offseason topic of choice...4 weeks from 3rd best season of year...DMB Tour Season
MONEY DON'T MAKE ME I MAKE MONEY
Looking to break the 70 follower mark today; meanwhile, my thirteen-year-old self hopes we stay at 69 forever.
Have stuff to sell? The Butcher's Hill Flea Market is Sat 5/14. To reserve a space ($25) email or call 410-675-0148
who is it going to be?
#iWishThat i wasn't so bored
Our Fans/Followers get in for FREE TONIGHT! Show us on your phone/printed that you fan/follow us at the door!
excited for #sxswEDU [back to #sxswi in 2013] - wonder if others have problems w/ eduSocial site - seems down
Thanks so much!
I'm gonna go touch the butt.
Bout to have great days at school!!!!!!!!!Good Luck peoples!!!!!!!!!!
Getting malware warnings on all your links.
When #JOBSAct crowd funding provision is enacted, will unleash a new wave of early stage capital, predicts
One of our favorite bands playing in SF on Wednesday! live at the Regency Ballroom 10/20
my profile pic
Are you ready to relax. Take a load off your feet? Sounds like a good time to heat up your spa and take a dip! Aloha
it's gonna be so great for you when youre in your place!
Luxe Citizens in NY, NJ, CT, PA.. We are offering impeccable luxury & exotic car rentals and limo services! Book with
My lip hurts so bad!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
DEPENDS on the sentence
Have you ever : Stared at a hot person and thought...damn were going to make beautiful babies? :)
Are #NYG fans that delusional to think we can only trade Osi for a second round pick. No team with a pulse would do it for less then a 3rd
Yes I'm Still WINNING!
it started just before I arrived, but I think dir. initated, but dean and vice-dean were totally on board.
It's choice - not chance - that determines your destiny.
is discussing the seven deadly mobile myths
no problem! (:
Relationships are hard, but if you truly love that person, you would do anything to make it work!
GEORGE HILL CALLED A FUCKING TIMEOUT!!!
Shopping before work >>>
And he's a big baby!
All I have in the fridge is kale and champagne. Hm...
That was a fair block
more like herding cats.
Learning How to Find Words in my Dictionary - Dynamic Therapy ...
No matter what has happened in the past, no matter what might come along in the future, you have 100 % of now.
tcp sockets in chrome.
That awkward moment when a student cites 'wiki-answers' as a reference in a google doc reviewing the exam content :-s
We are getting ready to take the stage at ! FPL stage @ 6pm!
Exciting times, I will be in Dubai 21-26 Apr certing..."got to want some to get some"
I think I'm in love... RT Stupid Twitter 140 character limit not allowing me to use proper grammar/punctuation.
If u didn't get enough of Shaun O'Hara on Good Day NY, check him out next on
I love Jenna Marbles.
Warning: these pictures of TOWIE&#39;s Sam Faiers and Joey Essex may ...
"When there is a gap in the conversation don't put your foot in it !" --Charlie 'Tremendous' Jones
That is true!
$26M settlement in response to the fraudulent mortgage lending practices of banks. Now-mortgages reduced, interest rates reduced, and funds.
Happy birthday ! Thanks for all you do!
i should go bc i have never been
Kony can eat a dick
The Civil War was one of the greatest things I have ever had the pleasure to witness. I've never been more proud of my college.
Not me. Hit the treadmill. 4 miles felt good, but want to run longer tomorrow!
Leicester push the scrum into next week
gurl.... you didn't give me back my necklace....
You have a deck? Isn't that cheating?
Happy #WorldHealthDay! We're a firm believer in this year's theme- Good Health Adds Life to Years. Make it happen w/ FITzee in your corner!
oh ok, it's *chronicle* lol, I'm seeing that 2morro, very excited!
Death of #Paterno does not cleanse his legacy of covering up for and enabling a serial pedophile. Yet #ESPN and #PennState will try
It's official. My teenage guitar playing self's Stevie Ray Vaughan obsession is back. Dude was a badass.
ready for the weekend Daniel? :)
Hello ! We are hiring now models for our new website, are you interested to join us?
oh yes. i'd like that ;)
A group of almost 20 fans from about 10 different states are coming this weekend! Gonna be lots of fun!
Thanks, back at ya!
I Dont Wanna Sound Like A Broken Record #Can I Get Refill.......
wait WHAT?? ::record scratch:: have you ever seen 7- and 8-year olds willingly eat SUSHI?
so beautiful! xo
this is like us at the botanic gardens last weekend. We were totally vibing with the plants.
Pleasure of love lasts but a moment, Pain of love lasts a lifetime. -- Bette Davis
And now for some Ghostbusters
Running auditions, getting ready for more this afternoon! Hope everyone is having a lovely day. It's beautiful in Nashville today!
Saw you in Margin Call last night too!
same as my twitta
oh yeah of course! Haha
I totally expect #Bing & #Google to start showing the names of other people who have searched for similar phrases.
Thanks Clarissa! Follow this lady. She's going places!
how in the hell does this thing work?
The Polar Bear Plunge was amazing! The ice cold water wiped my mind and soul clean.
I finally just registered for #DrupalCon SF :-)
Wake up Lisa!
Today Is Not My Day
Finally getting the weather I hoped for after moving out to DC.
thanks for coming today. Totally forgot you guys were coming! Lol. Hope it wasn't too crazy for u. Get Scott on Twitter!!
what!?! No1 is ever too old for boxing!!!!! And im going for state in about maybe hopfully 2 weeks but idk yet
great to hear! Thank you for the support :)
he keeping better track of my bday than i am
is that kind of redundant?
Let's hope we can do something to solve it!
yes please
ps3 to mediaserv
you need to come to wafflehouse with me and shelby one day
Awesome all-hands mtg w/ the #CA & #VA offices! Very exciting to be on board w/ such a high growth/innovative #PR group!
going camping this weekend with oteam. we will see what all that is about
#saysomethin best. song. ever. omg.
#QuestionsLesbiansGetAsked Did you turn lesbian because a guy hurt you?
Mark your calendar, the #Rivoli is going to do a wine tour fundraiser on September 28! Look for updates on the 1st Grapes Traipse!
Thanks for tweeting about us being open!! :) We're open again tonight at 9pm! ;)
My Friends in 5th grade...Never stopped especially now that I have my own kids
Ok twitter Fam I'm going to bed, I am beyond tired.
sure is
hate you
He is wise who knows the sources of knowledge - who knows who has written and where it is to be found. -A. A. Hodge
Who's ready for summer???????
Bored ass fuck o well shots it is
I love our good times but dont forget i still remember the bad ones. :\ HateLies<3Trust
a song Crusted Feelings from the upcoming album is launched for a post-production sequence... one step more towards getting album ready...
Martha Beck~ Every instance of heartbreak can teach us powerful lessons about creating the kind of love we really want.
Strangers, don't take it personally when I'm (silently) scared of yr off leash dog. How do you even know? I guess you can smell my fear too.
i Wish i Had a Girl BestF !
oh really? english is my best subject! :D
what spot?
MISS QUOTE
LADIES & GENTLEMEN > #DCUnited < DC Artist Compilation ~ is Coming this Summer.. Local Artist Link Up
Oh! That's not Trevor! That's Chandler and Abby Wells! They were at the fair too.
Let's close this one out #Bulls !!
nada just getting on twitter before i have to start typing paperwork again. laughing @ my tl. how are you?
You can't trust thehoopsninja Lol, he jus jealous that he wasn't there. She sounded legit as any sportswriter.
hahahahahah so you admit lebron is a great talent?
Just got done with our pre-game skate, boys looked sharp. Now to see if we can carry that over when the puck drops
follow me back please I miss my white chocolate :-) :-) :-) :-) #team itchy&scratchy
I really do, though.
you must have played the whites.
The League is potentially one of the best shows I have ever seen.
Looking forward to the national fast!!!
"I guess now we'll all be taking our underwear off. I look forward to that in so many ways." Shep Smith, right now.
Our local FOX TV station covered a big job fair we had today. Hundreds of candidates showed up...the line stretched out of the building!
Anyone getting DMS from me stating that someone has said horrible stuff about you DONOT OPEN LINK!! Change your password! I got hacket!!
I appreciate the tweet.
Shaking off the cobwebs and doing some summer updates for #ana-themrecords.com. Long overdue.
If they keep us waiting for Betty much longer, I fear a riot of angry librarians!
Laps around the park! Gettin in my exercise :)
I saw the video It will rain. Awesome!!! Love the kissing scene part. Heheheee... You're good. You can act too. RT
Ah , They won win next game ..
is there a date set for scouting day at Livestrong sporting park?
Dodge Announces Pricing for the All-new 2013 Dodge Dart With a Starting U.S. MSRP of $15,995
that sounds like a personal problem!!$$
We're finna argue.
Last night, I saw a group of people pregaming with their cab driver. MLINY
Sorry New York, I'm not going down without a fight.
In the bookroom, debut novels from two Flannery O'Connor Award-winning authors, Dana Johnson & Andrew Porter. Synchronicity, or conspiracy?
Did You Really Do Everything Kind?
If thats wht there Doing But #Lowkey da Page they on I cnt tell if they Hating or nt Bc I DONT SEE' EM IM N A DIFF BOOK!!
HAHA<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> That is so true <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Need to change the shipping address on a recent order, can you help?
My email inbox is completely empty -- which RARELY happens -- don't know what to do with myself
I gotta make sure I go see play football this season!!
Why do I even watch Gallardo vs. the Cardinals? Why do I even fucking bother?
I'm jumping song lyrics lol.
small but real greenbacks going well since years start-You?
hey so did you see #Avengers?
- double date :) <3 they make me feel akward! But I love my girlfriend & boyfriend :D
I can't stop listening to Country. I have major problems...
I wanna skype
Highly, highly recommend That Bird Has My Wings, by Jarvis Jay Masters.
let's just steal everyone's food. #Denny's
Was on the train this morning and someone peeked over onto my iPad and asked what I was reading. The answer? TOP SECRET AMERICA!
This stray dog fuck'n my neighbor trash up.
Thanks Tree Pittsburgh!
You have to connect your last.fm account in settings. Then it will scrobble all your music as you listen.
Your clothes would look nice on my bedroom floor.
I'm assuming that's a good thing... Haha, thanks! You were my 1st fan! I won't forget the little people when I get rich & famous ;)
For all u East End folks (Hamptons) - Pickup So Close to You by Rachel Carter set in Montauk
I know that is so cool and even Nimoy tweeted about it.
Intro College Writing: "Did you see that Derrick Rose jump shot last night?" "Daammnnn!!!" "Miss Jennie, what are we supposed to be doing?"
RT Company on this nippy night would be nice
Braves win! win!
There has to be evil so that good can prove its purity above it.
umm, no no no. this is a new bottle. lol. yours is long gone! you bought a handle this is just a bottle.
there are a lot of aftermarket options on amazon - bought one for his iPad.
Did Chris Webber just say that when he hears In the Air tonight, you know its game time?
I can do it all
Was troubled by this, b/c I thought "a whole bunch of women are writing, talking, tweeting, fbing, blogging shouting abt violent patriarchy"
thanks SO much! “: Up early at the walk! Happy to be representing at a great event”
I'm actually thinking about something along those lines with Achebe's "Things Fall Apart." The world cries out its need.
Having the most insane Shirt sale EVER!!!!!!!! the sale of the day, 10 dollars for all.. Check it out, these shirts have to sell
#DentalTip: Do not put too much toothpaste on your toothbrush as it will foam up. Too much foam will make you want to spit and rinse too...
- Can't wait! Love you more!
Sorry guys... Can't make it too 626 asian market
Prosody Live tonight at Ice Bar...
2 weeks away from Twitter but the first baby grass is growing in the yard! This domestic bit is more than it appeared to be!
Thanks for the mention! RT : Day 3 - Easy way to write a letter home with
Pancakes! At the Disco
I met Gabriel Mann who not only kills it on #revenge as Nolan but was in Josie and the Pussycats! You guys, this is effing epic!
thank you. You too!!
love this!
Time to get up and go to work twitter friends.Gotta beat the traffic see ya. GO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
"I know tricks that you could only dream of. Looks like it's your lucky day. A killer key change is all you'll ever need"
SHE WET LIKE AH POOL THATS WHY ITS RULEE NO RUNNING OR YHUR GOINN TOO SLIP
14 hours later...im finally home. Fuck.
About Us Page is done!
OMG OMG OMG ME ME ME OMG MAU ME ME ME PLEASE :0 OMG MAU PLLASE FOLLOW ME ILL PASS OUT
Haha she needs to clean that!
#Bills would have an easier sell of Vince Young if they said "Former Madden Cover Boy" working out for team
I Want Sold Out Soundgarden tix from !!!!!
haha thats ok i still cant figure it out but it sounds cool! lol
This asshole wants to put a binder clip on my nose
It's the end of the world as we know it, and I'm feeling fine...
Oh but I DO remember! Not too many of us Christmas babies out there!
Overheard today: "Sometimes the hardest message to hear is the truth."
I know right ((: that my word right there I lover the word #epic it's better then that word
Can't wait for Digital Peep Show this afternoon at #Mario's. Should be a great panel discussion!
did he say what the reason was for the different names?
Excuse me, ma'am. You have a little face on your make up..
I'm dreaming of you tonight~
lemon tea and some reading before the day really begins
almost tyme fa lunch
Friday Night Fish Fry starts at 5pm...Support this local charity...Knights of Columbus 15 North Hickory, Arlington Heights..All you can eat
RT : #SuperCongress co-chair Patty Murray has been a corporate advocate, esp. 4 Microsoft, Boeing. See her loyal givers bit.ly/mXMOcs
I'm not familiar with this whole scenario. Sounds dramatic!
waiting for "someone" to go with me
following you now
True or False? "Exercise is done against one's wishes and maintained only because the alternative is worse." -George A. Sheehan
I wanna be apart of history and by helping my idol getting to #1 i will!(: #boyfriendreview <3 Please follow me?
Thanks for coming through tonight with the fellas!
Yay hooray! Thank you!
you better be not be tweeting and driving... :p
If you could have any household device send out tweets, what would it be? And we hesitate to ask, what devices would you not want tweeting?
Hope you enjoyed the show! They. Are. Ridiculous.
I HATE moist. And I hate that moist towelettes are supposed to clean your hands. Just typing it makes me feel dirty.
Wow!!! That is one you'll never foget. Heck, now I'll never forget it. #classless on his part
Bout to cook up a nice breakfast then settle in for 12+ hrs of online grind today
I follow back. Shhhh.. It's a secret.
Pretty sure these jokes are just a phase. They will only last for a little heil.
Just watched a star trek movie. but who is norman? and why are we following him?
not going to happen, I'll eat my shoe if it does
good share -- lots of land mines with this sort of stuff
Know I got a step father I love him so much hes a real father to me I got a new step family cus he got 3 other kids but I love them as fam
#drupalcon at the Open Source Opens Doors for Youth - just showed one of their videos - what heart!
You ripped me off, your love was cheap.
being ugly sucks
since when u r on twitter???
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow. -George S. Patton
NACHA is the national ACH assoc. EBIDS is electronic billing and delivery.
HOLY HEARTHROB! Our Movies on Demand has an entire genre dedicated to Ryan Gosling! Ends February 29th, so time is running out!
yea I'll pay you double
What's up? :3
Come on
If you Rock With Barack in this year's election, follow the Twitter page! *ad
“MT :, making me believe in stuff I'd kind of forgotten HT for awhile. Thanks for that. I love you. #wiunion”
Excited to have you... #SportingKC RT : Excited to be staying in KC for the 2012 season :)
Let's whoop up on those Nuggets! Come on, my Laker boys!!! You so got this!!! :-)
Thanks for the follow! I should definitely check out your book at some point.
We have a Groupon massage special coming out tomorrow!
kids rattled, tryna guess updates from his facebook news feed
no alarms & no surprises
Okay about to get a job @ subway and eat all the sandwiches! No cold cuts for anybody! Just me. Yal can have the meat balls I'm not a fan.
Would any central ohio fans be interested in meeting us in Columbus to buy merch? This saves you the cost of shipping and we can hang out!
Ha HA! My influence continues. Must find a way to extend that.
We could go one better and sub-reference Moranis as M.M. on SCTV.
When I die, can some1 change my Facebook status to, "Is chillin with Jesus and pals"
I need plans!
occupiedmedia.us ~ Two Kinds of Wealth, Two Kinds of Debt via
RT : I'm not listening to this shit. This man's a creep. //LOL
that's why u the man b
the bestest muppet EVER : )
DRAKE MY NIGGA BUT WEN HE SLIPPED ON STAGE IT WUS MAAD FUNNY
So I know im late on this...but is back on Broadway!! so excited for him!! I hope you have lots of fun doing it!!
There are 100 days left in 2011.....What do you want to accomplish before the ball drops and 2012 has begun?
US soccer only gets mentioned as the butt of a joke, or in ref. to Becks resigning b/c "Posh didn't want to move."
i didn't either! it's really cool. anyone who loves animals that much is A-OK with me.
thanks! Those would be interesting. And damn, that's a nice punchcard.
i would if i was a junior :(
If she has a basket on her bike #shestoyoungforyoubro haha
make it a city, everyone thinks I'm from Dport, Iowa
People get a little money and they act as if they never knew me.
": needs to run ads explaining tax cuts. #wiright" .....tax cuts do not create jobs...history
hey! Could we get an interview with ya?(:
Great to hear you are back on the ice. game on.
promo vid edit for GKV and Pandora jewelry in the can and on its way
If this was a game, id be playing and u would be in the audience.
The only way that LA will buy U, is if you are the most yourself that U can possibly be .And you use that to change THEM. -William O'Leary
Seriously! MT Whoa...kinda blown away by the multitude of facets and scope in this Cleveland project.
fuck you cause you wont heal my ankle. You only heal brian with peas
they got dookie shakes at denneys
It is a fine cause that you support!
but actually, just the fake that this is a sing along is making me so happy :)
The little things count <U+2764>
I'm lying...I don't even really drink beer.
Basketball Players >>> Football Players
good I hope you did
Has it been a good day?!
thanks Byron!!!
Studying in the children's room of Bender Library and feeling like a little kid again
I'm tired guisee :c
#20ThingsAboutMe I take pride in being tobacco free
Vernon Davis doin work.
I don't even know what that it I either use the web, my iphone or tweetdeck
But who is counting or ready to head downtown for food and song.
. Social issues are about the deepest of values. So they're always smoldering, needing just a little fuel to erupt.
I think I'm
the Sony a850 is an awesome upgrade. by far, the best value for a full frame IMO. I'm a proud sony shooter.
o well sounds personal
It's on the back burner for way down the road. Now I'm just collecting interesting ideas, so yours will go into that stack!
Looking for a job in the SF Bay area? 247 is testing the west coast market in Nordstrom, Fred Segal, & Neiman Marcus. Email me if interested
what's a good team name?
People in America are creative i would say lol
so simple...
"I want to play with him! " Me too! He's adorable!
“Every problem is a gift - without problems we would not grow.”
Always do right by your customers! It drives business....
good good
did you get the photo i sent you?
Happy Mother's Day to my second mommy, 's mom. shes great! i love her with all my heart. <U+2764> hope she has a fantastic day. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I want that link.
Keeping everything bottled up inside is not helping one day I will blow up
"What is the hardest thing in the world? ... To think." - Ralph Waldo Emerson #quote via
TJ Miller, Bloomington Indiana tonight and tomorrow night
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, it would make me very happy. It is only a button please.-60<3
Watchin the lakers lose a playoff game is like Christmas. Only I have the potential to see that happen 4 times.
Thank the lord that school is almost over.
And you say what?..
About to plan a ski trip out west
Talking with my babe on oovoo(:
my lost...it's ok, our bench started and still almost won. still love my #SPURS...a 50-win season is still a possibility!
somehow i don't see a c130j landing on a carrier
Finally online! Hello, world!
“: One lucky punter backed Jelavic 1st scorer and 4-4 final score yesterday! Was it you? Just the 4000/1 shot! #betoftheseason”
Just realized 75% of my L.A. visitors have been Jr. Fellow friends lol thanks for representing :) I miss you!!
I've got the ugly gap between my back and my pants
yes, but I think the sender meant it as a ploy, which obviously back-fired at least for one recipient!
all I know is fight fight fight, and when I get tired I'll fight some more.
All of the pieces are falling into place for our product launch
well there's that too.
Thanks Suzanne! I appreciate the blog comment.
Get your Ass to the Boro right now!!!!!
where is the winter wonderland? Did you and and / #team5k go without me?
Last day of college, and what song do I wake up to? None other than "Another Brick in the Wall pt. II." How appropriate!
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, "Always do what you are afraid to do." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
3. When someone looks up a URI, provide useful information, using the standards (RDF*,SPARQL)
Getting new prototypes this week! I am getting closer to getting this product in the stores.
Also, how did we come up with names for things? I would have never called a horse "horse". I would have called it a "Wingless Pegasus."
Moreno and Cayones..basically 2 minor league nobodies
Looking for interesting ways that nonprofits and educators use Twitter
let me know if you're free between sessions for coffee!
Indeed, but aren't there wiser word choices? Some words encourage improvements, others encourage quitting.
Thanks and others for sharing hiring opportunities for our new high school!
:( DM me your number so we can hang out soon(:
Got game stop voice mail saying my pre orderd #masseffect3 is gonna be there tuesday :)
Newsflash: Underwear is not a Halloween costume.
I need a job fack
Mildly disheartened to learn that it wasn't my design presentation that rocked the building today
The Swartwood team will be tabling at USC on Thurs (4/12) during Pre-Health week. Stop by, say hello and gain more info at the event!
Still excited about what the Memphis Grizzlies did last night to the L.A. Clippers & now I'm headed to this morning meeting.
Our office is fully equipped, licensed, and designed to offer full spectrum dentistry.
lmao that's like the most gorgeousestttt picture ever!! <3
God is SO good & faithful. He takes delight in you! His mercies are new today. His love is great and His promises are sure! Stand firm!
I love your honesty
Thank you for all of your hard work planning The Knot Cocktails & Connections event!
Exciting things to help me through the next 5 weeks: 's graduation, a trip to Portland, planning
I think the Best Original Score tonight was backstage between Kirk Douglas and Anne Hathaway
It takes a bit of luck.
LA will you PLEASE rescue me!? I need to come back to you!
Legs hurt, shoulders hurt, hips hurt. Let's do it again.
DWTS and SMASH tonight. Awesome!
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality
sorry for spamming your timelines (no i'm not it's your own fault for following me lol)
Missing you! We hve so much to catch up on.
one of your best tweets ever.
ass! We were supposed to go this week!
Never give permanent feelings to a temporary person...
Thanks to everyone who donated during 's Give BIG fundraising event yesterday.
ahh nahh its not! Haha you cant play me
Why The $7 Billion Keystone XL Pipeline Is The Most Controversial Business Venture In America (TRP) via
Look what you've done to me.
Hoping we don't slow down with roy in
Greg Hunter does a sit down interview with Davey Richards. Richards explains that it's all about respect for him.
A "lightweight" book will sell...nothing too intellectual for tea-partiers, or their brain will explode.
RT : Seattle #ppc folk - is hiring PPC Managers! If you are interested shoot me a DM & I'll pass it along
Helping a friend set up a facebook and he asks "don't we have to do this on my computer"
College Football #HOF inductee Jimmy Johnson coached #HSFB at Picayune HS (MS) in 1966.
#Chiefs Rookie Camp Dexter Heyman definitely has the size and build. I can't wait to see him hit.
dog park!
Would love to get a look through the archive but it's sadly been down for days. Hopefully back online soon...
He was good in Allie McBeal, too!
It's on tonight!! Final at Turner Hall. Let's do this!!!
#ThingsThatGuysLike when girls text them first
yes. But he follows me on twitter. Beat that, deck.
I'm so happy I could cry...... Haha
EXCITED! Congratulations n good luck against Philly! R u going to b on sidelines?
#TuesdayTrivia did you know that 9,276 walkers participated in last month’s #AIDSWalk? Thanks to everyone who came out to support !
Oh my, I am a sucker for raspberries! Thank you so much!
let me find out u back in the city
aww. *tear* have fun guys lahh ya
GOOODNIGHTTT!!! VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE & DON'T FORGET TO VOTE FOR ''THE MOS WANTED''' OH & REMEMBER TO VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE :D
Your goal was amazing! It brought some happiness to my timeline! Congrats again from an SKC fan!
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 20
#WhenAustin Acted like Alex on ustream. "I'm not singing..." "Come on man, you can't be that bad!" "Don't...push it." "And...scene." :)
“: I HATE writing a long mesage to someone , But all you get back is... LOL or Ok.”
Action plan: create/review #twitter strategy. Assess content. Create posting calendar. Test your msging. Review reports.
A phone talk right now would be 'called for.'
LOL, that is surely one way to stand out in the crowd!
Crusing around Downtown with shinece ..pretty live tonight <U+E056>
What are you fucke ing doing ?
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there!
/ If a BUZhunt target RTs your tweet, then all handles in your tweet earn a BONUS. A reply (like this) just gives YOU a bonus.
Theres going to be alot of good movies this summer.
Just watched your videos, your voice is amazing!! :D
Thank you for attending! Follow us to find out when the film will be released theatrically
Joel Ward!
Dogs everywhere!!!!!
RT : Man we were putting in some hours that night #teamwork #building ~ mad hours!!!
Omg,I loves you<3
Real Cubs fans don't HATE the Sox; Hatred of the Cubs seems to be requisite one of many Sox fans.
See you next week! RT: M1K3P1R0 I'm playing Johnny Cash in celebration of GREAT NEWS! YOU SHOULD TOO! WOOT!
We're deciding movie time tonight. It'll probably be post- happy hour.
Down goes #Chelsea. Down goes Terry. Couldn't happen to a better guy.
just had his best save of the season, and it was off of our own defense. Strange start to the year.
At home with my thoughts, that's to scary
oh? well on what mate? just ask and I'll answer
Nope, I've been living in Seattle for about a year and a half. Just passed through CVG on my way to Lexington. :)
hey man, "Building The Towers" is pretty crazy, "Desecration Day" is popular, what do you play?
Shit! Why aren't you in MY class?!
Really excited and happy for your reunion tomorrow! Besos
Our event with Dr. Wazny for this evening has been postponed to November 9th.
Congrats on graduating yesterday!
Pac-10 didn't get any wins this big during the season. And thats counting Stanford and Washington's run in NIT.
Happy Birthday HOZ. RIP
What an awesome reminder this am. ;)
That was not good! Scary and terrible!
no that makes it more sad
yup - I just requested - added today!!!!
Sounds like a good read then! Awesome. :)
Although I have to admit that most of them are writers. So they might not be the best judge of what is commercial.
We're all partners together in creating a positive learning environment for every child.
Ranch > blue cheese
if u saw me u must have been eating there too
Looking for a new #ERP or #e-commerce solution that doesn't leach all of your profits? Me too! #Magento has been a promising frontier...but
But I'll join you in chastising whichever university starts charging to teach students "Real-time Reporting Techniques 101"
The best part of Valentine's Day is the discount candy on February 15.
Great work!
Long may Vin reign. And very sorry we didn't debut a beautiful 19-year-old from Spavinaw all over again today.
Ugh What To Do First...
#100thingsihate There is too much hate in the world!
Agree RT : Recently I've found a bit of peace during the night by taking the time to glance up at the stars They are so beautiful
Can't fuck with no lame copy-cat type bitch(es).
Neighbor started mowing his lawn about 10 minutes before the downpour. It was thundering however. Smart guy.
Rain nd Snow in Spring:/ #never good
are these sketches publicly accessible? I'd love to review them.
Aren't those LA meetings super fun?!
So everybody should go follow my twin cuz YOLO and she's beautiful and you'll love her as much as I do... Yeah<3(:
it is funny ant it
Anyone buying Trespassing in stores today make sure to hide straggler copies of BFM!
Past 24 hours, multiple new sessions posted @ thatcampcolumbus.org by and more
today was just PERFECT {:
ok ok I forgive you we have played phone tag for the past week haha call me Tomorrow
you just need to explain to them your neutral territory bc you can't pick sides. That's not what friends do!
you wont scare me bahah the only reason there was not a kliss because darren is reserved for someone else bahhaa.
Ain't that the truth!!
Any body got that Robin Thicke? What's it like?
Full tummy... CHECK. 3 hour nappy... CHECK. Enjoying this beautiful weather at the park... CHECK.
if you're being a hater to ,get a freaking life ! im just saying ! ITS HER OPINION ! SO STFU &SIT DOWN!
got my photographer friend to shoot me... soon you will see me all adorable. :)
I was put here for one reason to make it
best pick up line EVER!!! lmao
“In the end the love you take is equal to the love you make.” ~ John Lennon and Paul McCartney
We're reading your book right now and getting inspired! Any ideas for what we can forage in Grass Valley next weekend?
say it ain't so, jose.
"I'm only this far, and only tomorrow leads the way." ::dave matthews band::#41::
Congrats to Luis on the new empleo! Yay! You shoot some dates chica!
Thx for sharing your #getoutandzip ideas! Stay tuned to see if you win!
Of course. Thank you! I didn't know I could change it. RT : That's a good lookin' blue! :)
Skrillex defined a certain sound in House music he's innovative&fun but not particularly talented in comparison to others
thesmartguyJust talked with Mark Barreres from www.USAMusician.net. He is a person who loves to network business and the arts.
oh...., and im sure if you try really hard you will do just fine, what class is it
RE: It is fun Marilyn, had to tear myself away!
Finally got my cap & gown.
what do you propose? Lesson on Poker for me Lesson on Winning for u? or a buy-in for SnG next time we're at a Casino together?
Join us for happy hour today and check out our new FREE appetizer buffet!
Headed to seattle
I was going to see titanic tonight but i didn't! I want to so badly. I'm sure it was so epic on the big screen!
Just picked up the CD I won from the radio station.. It's old, opened and used. Thanks FM 106
ugh, i need to go back to bed, night again ;)
Had a great breakfast wit my gma, just me and her! #NeededThat since I wont see her for mothers day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Oh! Lucky!
and unfortunately it passed. Only if young people could vote.
CSN and the persistence of vision Las Vegas. Amazing work Dan McElhattan!
just finished an amazing restaurant week dinner at taberna with the girls. fantastic service, tasty food.
i hate picky guys that take over an hour getting their haircut.
What are Obstacles? Those things you see when you take your eyes off your goals! Go for your dreams and let nothing get in your way!
awesome. i'm glad things are working out for you!
Always Look for that Rainbow!
lohanthony tweeted me back, no big deal. omg. jk, dying! <33333
no you didn't. Check the profile. I'm not a rapper.
crazy win! Rock Chalk buddy
Why is it that when you wanna sleep you don't. And what's on as I wake? Billy's Hollywood screen kiss. Yeah... Sigh...
ha! we like your style paulS
Me and mrissa are watching "My Super Psycho Sweet 16 part 2" I'm making her like skye :) yayy :) this is great :)
Now the Pacers are interested in Rondo. Will Dwight Howard become a Net in the next year?
Nah. Bubba didn't have baby teeth
I need this wake n bake...
currently on my death bed
New Numbers and Letters are up now! Spell, add, subtract to your heart's content!
Who is native and who decides? Is my identity in my blood? How i look? In a scientific chart? #jhudc Questions from Our Lives
Quote of the day: "I saw Rich Froning throw a soft ball once. I thought I could do it, right?" --Alfred Rohde
hell yeahh “: Jordan straight up tried Melo & Wade with those ugly ass shoes”
as soon as i except the fact you're gone, you're back.
What's the name of the drug they put in Amelia's water?
Kris Gethin of is an animal. Just when I thought he was finished on front raise he blast out 6 more. He raises the game
Great nite last ya heard meh...
I've never been in NYC on Thanksgiving as I go home to NJ. My initial hunch is to check into the restaurants.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 56
Thanks for the retweet! Have a great week!
RT : Life is only what you make it<<<very
do I Want You Back ? No .
Hope you enjoyed the #MonkeyAdored romp.
I've awoken
you a gambino fan ?
Hi Dave! I haven't seen you since I took A+ Cert, ICDL, and PCNeT IT Essentials I in 2005/2006. Thanks for all your help, btw!
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, and today is a gift. That is why they call it the present. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
I luv u Eddie Royal
No library is the same. We all speak dialects of the same language, and sometimes a little translation is needed.
oh and a great member of packer's nation that you are...tearing other fans like me down...
Today was a completely productive day. Great class. Got paid for acting. Updated casting sites. Found new unreal software. Edited reels. Yo
LOL you have a weird fucking face bitch, stay away from my boyfriend, i dont fucking like you okthanx.
If the Lakers lose game three I'm gonna be blown
I think the #SEC has 2-3 teams per year at the top that are excellent but the middle & bottom are no different than the
I will be! I never skip.
Let go of any goals or ideas of how you think you should be and simply enjoy your experience.
Nightynight Liam! got school tomorrow. love ya :) xx
Laying down had a great birthday
I wanna die! And kill everyone lol
...in the immortal words of Jack Sparrow, "Why is the RUM always Gone?!" Happy Friday to you all!
there's a really neat master class happening in our #dance studios today
One dead in Christmas house fire - KOLD-TV One dead in Christmas house fire KOLD-TV AP Entertainment News Video TUCSON, AZ (KOLD) - A Chr
then i say, its pretty strong to me.
That kinda speaks to my general disengagement with the Lakers' season in general. Hate to admit it but it's kinda hard to care right now.
finally get to go to winchester mystery house tomorrow!! woo whoo!
you got a release date yet? pumped to hear it brother!
Today seems like a good day to reach 15K "Likes"...who's gonna help a Pineapple out? :-)
on my way to Georgia (:
trying to listen to Spanish lecture, answer the door for trick or treaters & make sure Molly the Giant doesn't kiss too many kids
can design apps like a ninja - coming soon and stay tuned
chip kelly is leaving??
'Timesink apps' are the new TV
Welp... I'm glad I could at least entertain. *bows*
Watching #alcatraz makes me miss San Fran! So far liking the new show!
nice tan, do you shower in fanta?
Missing out on my tweets for awhile now.... S/o to my new follwers..
oh yeah....#NOMONEY that's the bad part ahaha. I AIN'T NEED ALOT O' MONEY, WHEN I GOT IT, I BLOW IT AND HAVE TO GET LOANS ANYWAY BWAHAHA
Okay, quiz time! Fill in the missing lyrics: "So darling ___, where is Mrs. ___? But we all know she's not so far behind.
Just finished tape Dj Smallz is now hosting the tape not trapaholics... Meta Myers a Halloween Trap Classic!!!
I do.
Third time through the order will be the charm!
With bases full, 2 out in 6th and Lohse on the ropes, RR left Estrada in to bat. He Kd to end inning. Hes given up 2 in Cards 6th.
Damn you and your horrid implementation of frames on your website.
I recognize some of those! :)
Its seriously crazy the celtics win and I end up having an awesome day! :p
happy birthday, kurt! its gonna be a good one today
It's amazing how some ppl are always LATE.
I am so intrigued by this. I may have to explore it later...
bum just walked past me drinking a natty bo
Nice! Congrats on the new digs!
We believe in your work in #Haiti. Come join us for the event on Saturday!
MIA flips her middle finger at the Super Bowl Halftime Show and now my work Google alerts are flooded with news about it. lol
then you gotta spell it right - Donny*
don't have phone sex, you might get hearing aids
i feel like my friends tell me so much, and i tell them nothing..
I'd settle for just the penguin photographer!
Can. Not. Wait. To completely redecorate the new apartment!!
yeah I like them!! :)
Sullinger is a bitch.
I'm a train wreck in the morning. I'm a b%tch in the afternoon.
no matter how much my group bother me! I love them
Grill time with and others
Come thru thursday after the concert 2 enjoy a grown and relax scene w/ great drinks til 12p,only $5 door
How is it #Monday already?!? Did you enjoy your weekend, #Vegas?
Thank you so much you were my 100th follower!
Hey man, thanks so much for the follow. I appreciate it.
RT : Today and tomorrow devoted to final planning-can't wait to see everyone this weekend!
have never been to shop, discovered it at whole foods roosevelt. Keep meaning to go to the real thing!
Nobody ever does anything to be nice. They always want to get something out of it.
ha! Just exes new bf ;)
I Dont Give A Fuck What Anybody Has To Say Was My FAVORITE Bad Girl Her Little Ass Was Beating Bitches Ass Lol
Missed the game but wow, Theodore back up to speed & it's about time. GO CATS!!!!
I better get a tan at Six Flags on Friday.
Thanks so much for including us in your favorite places!
the internet :)
if u play me my username is Seanx2012.
IRCTC to sell online air tickets too
that was a great fight. Good night of fights all around
Just Saw a video about stop hating on Austin Mahone and SOME Beliebers are VERY MEAN. If you hate on Austin just Block me i don't want Hate.
I love me some Jerry Sanders but an all san diego ticket?
Wow someone is going to get to spend a month at Chicago's Museum of Science and Industry. They will spend 30 night and get $10,000.00
If you are tired of 1-800 numbers when you are calling your Insurance Company! Call me 303-922-1001 I am local. And would love to talk!
Thanks, Andreas. I hope you are well.
Suspension for Ohio State safety Kurt Coleman - what do you think? Too harsh? Let us know - plus catch all the day's news and weather &6!
kevin can I get shout in the next video?
hahah thankss. And yea wifi too slow to update anything. Hate living in the sticks..
Celebrate Valentines day tomorrow calling it %50 off everything
Dana Point Real Estate Specialist Bret Johnson of The Immel Team & Prudential California Realty.
"Mediocrity is a hand-rail". ~Charles Louis de Secondat, Baron de Montesquieu, Mes pensées... So LET GO & work those muscles bebe! #EXCEL <U+2600>
If you're a website and you still require real player then fuck you.
That makes sense. Not when talking with patrons but when trying to form partnerships or secure support and funding.
oops. Must get used to this twitter thing. This one is about crisp on Brady.
Hey there, (philosophyjenn), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
so much to study. where do i even start
If you get on base 3 out of 10 times for whole seasons, you get paid VERY well. That means you were 'out' 7 of 10 times! Think about it...
what a loser.
get well man
nice. I'm going to be in your neck of the woods tonight for a party. What's crack-a-lackin on #MassAve tonight?
salt meet wound.
u changed ur name again? lol
Last chance, Mel! ' Buick Enclave leaves at 0900 due west!
I had a great time today at my sister's baby shower. :)
I might go swimming today with my best friends :) I hope the weather won't be crappy tho :/
isn't Chicago really like that when Obama is around?
I feel so invisible ..
Watching lion king first period.. I don't mind
please cheer me up I just lost my best friend this has to be the worst day ever:'((((((
“: Shout out to the supercool dude at the gym this morning wearing that skin tight "everyday I'm shuffling" tshirt” - stalker
Former Marty Standish just said in intvu "my wife's taken out her IUD so we're trying for another kid." :)
It feel good gettin checks every week
Pokemon Gold isn't original Togetic is in the 170's I think, not the original 150.. Close! But not close enough.. Plus it's ugly
Off to a great day of learning and fun with technology in Madtown, Wisconsin!
Goodnight. Taking it in early
- I still contend that Plainsong, Pictures Of You & Closedown is the best three-song opening to any album, ever.
City of Chicago is a motorcycle. S/O to the boss with the Bentley and the boot on it in front of the club
-_- “: I just need one good guy on my side... That's ready to ride .”
Sublime is awesome. Going to be listening to them for awhile now.
it is freezing in my house
I know why whales beach themselves. Spider-Man told me!
Its always the old man with gold teeth! Smdh
": I feel like I'm in a locker room before a game." Welcome to the MN Vikings Matt!
Me too ;) Have a good day!
What gets me the most is that now the #NTSB has placed a dis-incentive in front of car manufacturers for even offering hands free systems
so maybe there is one to filter out Coldplayish-ness (lame joke)
That would be fantastic, thanks.
It throws people off when you don't give them what they expect. Its a fun mind game.
i shaved it like 4 days ago lol.
That was such a piss poor analogy Newt used.
trying to get an pic for the auction as well!!
no problem
Wait why is Harry going to LA by himself?
Dr. Turner & Kari Stoever EML'07, speaking on social media strategy and mobilizing action. "who is #listening?"
diapers in the recycling bin. yikes. stinky, gross.
Trading n old whip 4 new whip 2day...the 300 has been good to me but time 2 upgrade
Wisdom: Just don't make that mistake IRL. In between wishes, prepare for them to come true.
Dairy queen is callin my name today cause its way to hot in this hotel
that text i just sent irie ahahaha im joked out!
Saying goodbye to the girl is never easy, but this time I know is coming home for good soon!!!
lol I agree
It have been so challenging to create a product feed for Google Merchant Center.
Charging for something makes you want to make it better. Jason Fried in Inc. mag.
#slpsnqs I began tweeting when I saw some of my fav bloggers tweeted. Amazed at how much I learn daily from the #slpeeps and #slp2b folks!
We'll be closed tomorrow for Independence Day! Happy 4th tweets!
Burberry is a young, old company that attracted millennials through the digital differentiator.
I'm so bored man.
Why can't I make her smile " ? Its a
: Buenos Dias! I had a dream of the perfect taco. I dream of #tacos just like "Jiro dreams of #sushi".
I honestly never knew who you were, I was like this kid is following me...awkk.
Cool report, great feature: Almanac Labs by
With what?
Better results: good design of surveys especially important to get faculty response
It is. And the clown in me always wants to pick the funniest ones.
your poor dukies went down! That had to ruin your night
Obama supports gay marriage, Romney counters by supporting the metric system.
Had a great day working on #Justified yesterday. Really fun, nice crew!
lol no doubt! that made me CTFU!
SMi does not guarantee past performances will be indicative of future results.
Oh nos! You did a heck of a job, lady. Thanks!!
Big applause to for organizing tomorrow #RIT thanks Mike!
Day 3 of walking 18 at the WGC Cadillac tourney.I'm a glutton for punishment!
“: : Congrats!!”thanks how are u
Fillin up on gas on my way to PA a stranger passes and says, "look at it out here. Man this is God's country!" Amen brother
At least is starting to do some digging...totally unfair BBQ'ing of Bo and WI. But, judgements have already been made.
Sorry, you guys don't wanna hear that. I'll quit tweeting.
The word pornography comes from the Greek meaning the writings of prostitutes
An when youre down on the ground nobody come around, but when it goes up everybody shows up.
Yesterday was Good Friday, today is Awesome Saturday and tomorrow is Easter Sunday! Remember the Savior and His Atonement! Happy Easter!
Should get N.B.A tattd on me since I ball hard
When leo told me he was very disappointed in me today :'( <
I can't get into the WNBA, not enough tats.
On my way to the airport. Can't wait to see my Momma! <3
The best thing we can do if we want the Russians to let us be Americans is to let the Russians be Russian.
No not yet. But I will say that it is a ground breaking step. Expect more companies to go this route.
Day and night
Just wanted to follow-up--it appears that you were not improperly charged at all. Remember there's a multi-day reporting window.
I took a break from horror movies & watched Zero Day. Ah, the disillusionment of youth, how I wish it went away with time.
Fran Toolan on publishing and metadata: There is no room in this business for technophobes. No room for luddites any more.
Should I get myself a "Get Well Soon" balloon before or after I see the doctor?
HAHAHAHAHA! YOUR CHEST IS SO RED YOU LOOK LIKE A LOBSTER!! (:
Wow Jen! sounds really interesting! Congrats! :-)
I've been corrected.. #CLIPPERS went to Round 2 in 06. Whatever.. it's a GREAT day for #CLIPPERS!! haha
Tell those fatties what's up! Yes!
WHAT are you doing?
We need a bntlouisville...
Good-night! Sweet-dreams!
where are you?
New song, "Fortress" is nearly complete, it's sounding amazing. Should be posted in a few days
Until I Fall Away by Gin Blossoms came across my Pandora station. Still holds up. Great song.
Out to Starbucks ;D
Today Show w Dominique Dawes... Talking about health/fitness. In green room w joey chestnut, irony?
not sophmore year remember all dem arguements we had i got da last word
I am loving LA right now!!!! WOW!! Chicago has crazy weather
Had an interesting visit with in their new digs at
Just about giving up on 45 minutes beyond the longest estimate, and only busy signals at the store.
That's kinda what you said though. lol
Yes, alas.
I called Florida State College for Women and offered a forfeit rather participation in a gross mismatch--they are again renamed.
Seriously did not see that clipper win coming.
Basically if anybody argues against Kyrie, send them my way.
Well you've changed for the worse..
Great Answer! Love it!
Most people go to the gym to play basketball and workout but me and Austin go to the gym to sing! Haha :)
Other theme today: Value of LEDs will be unlocked when we start integrating/designing into home; not replacing bulbs in existing sockets
ikr ppl just don't wanna be around me anymore apparently.
Huge Patio Party for Therapy Fridays at Devils Martini Old Town Scottsdale Tonight,241 Any Drink til 12am,No and DJ NYC gonna be jumpin!!!
I'm not you Hun, Son lls
YAY!!!:D only one!?:p but still YAY!!
Political statement? this week - Carl Rove & Kerry Kennedy! (Not at same time!)
JesusfuckinChrist! Why do people insist on bringing in their half-dead selves to work when they have the flu or a horrible cold?
Why am I getting this in my Twitter feed ... no Safeway stores for hundreds of miles!
what about Muppets? Old news already?
New exhibition open house slated for Sept 26: Fun and Games in Ballooning. Mark your calendars!
#sschat Thinking mixbooks for my next unit's assessment-big step but exciting.
Thank you ma'am :)
this not being able to leave the house crap is a joke. If you really have done nothing wrong than you say just that
I would buy it for $100 to pick up groceries and drive my dog to the dog park vs driving my car. :)
If I fall youre goin down with me!
I have a mosquito bite on the swollen ankle of my broken leg. ARE YOU KIDDING ME.
You're doing a fantastic job Drew ! Your voice and style are so unique, don't change who you are for anyone !
how you goin against your #CUSE alum and the
Went for a nice stroll in the sun & thought my Mexican genes would protect me but my shoulders & arms are now sunburn ha.
TSU is preparing next month's newsletter to be released. What type of articles would you like to see published or questions to be answered?
Good night Twitter peps' I love you all". Hasta manyana :)
I'm so tired so nightly night!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Sheepish wolves:-)
Whoever Director X is, he makes sick videoss between HYFR & Boyfriend idek iedkfjhfug
Introdouche; The way a douchebag would go about introducing themself. Bragging about meaningless accomplishments in attempt to impress you.
Thanks Colleen for the Snoopy on my cast...
Alien Ant Farm - Smooth Criminal
Word up! RT : "If you don't risk anything you risk even more." - Erica Jong
more power doesn't always mean more problems, if you have power and are responsible with it, you are at a great advantage
These people obtain the prescription stuffed, but in no way appear for the visit
Going to Starbucks to study b/c the strange man at library using his Exorcist voice to "narrate" all my actions kind of creeped me out.
Do you like it i think 4th round pick has a lot of upside for a guy like barber..new system new potential
Haha that me and Keith be thinking alike. I'm always retweeting his shit.
my eye was killing me when i woke up yesterday. the pain went away but everytime i bend down, the pressure hurts it.
the things i do for royce! knowing i have to wake up early at 5:30am & here i am staying up late..ay ya yai..lol
RT : You're right in that Eastern Market has soul, but looking at Gerogetown, how much of DC cares about that?
Education: Harvey suggests the need for knowledgebase that policymakers can access and learn from
he is the best and always will be. But I think he will try and play again but it won't be for long.
I'm takin brown skin swagg to a whole other level
good luck!
love is when you put someone on a pedestal, and they fall - but you are there to catch them.
get your ass to school girl
ha, we will be playing Outside Lands...:)
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions – Naguib Mahfouz
thanks g, i know i knew it xD
Follow me. (:
Nice to see you on FB. I've been meaning to stop by and visit each time I'd see your billboard. Hopefully next time!
hold up. he said okc is going to lose by 29.. he made a funny
Pictures of the Day: New York and Elsewhere
I don't have any kids. I was talking about someone lying on a friend. That's it.
our research is for ur family and all families that are affected by MS... U R our inspiration! TY!
Don't care, you play Infamous, lol.
I hate it when you can't stop thinking about that one person...and deep down inside, you doubt they are actually thinking about you.
to let me knoww tht u see this plz follow me (:
Bean-cat has re-learned the meow if you want anything tactic. In this case, "Please open the door to the closet. Okay, all clear."
Q6 I don't encounter RDA in my current position, so I haven't really followed the topic
Welcome!! RT : Thanks For Followin Me,Hope You Enjoy The Videos
watching a documentary about hair metal and they had my favorite bass player talking about playing with Motley!! made my day!
im gunna break her neck first.. and then take her so called "brains" out
Planning things in your head. Hoping one day, it'll happen.
TGIF!!! Make your plans for this weekend. If you are up for something sexy visit us!
Always remember......
Reach for my hand ;' becausee its held out for you'
- like your site. We are on the same page!
Verdict is in. Jury returning to deliver it.
Don't forget to place your orders for #SuperBowl! Shorty's Ribs and Wings will make the party!!
Sources: The have been informed that Peyton Manning will not sign with them
A diamond in the rough. In Bill we trust! RT So the Patriots signed ANOTHER undrafted guy to play in their secondary.
May i get a follow? Much love. Dr. Spanish
very true everyone needs to learn how to spell.
Supposably, we Latinos are very articulant when we conversate, irregardlessly of the language. And we are very honorabled of that.
Vegas is so much more than gambling. Pools, people-watching, and some seriously amazing eating.
the last 15 minutes of work go by so slow. all i can think about is
Sorry i was gone but i'm back now!
thanks for the tweeting marathon last night. i greatly enjoyed it. don't be a stranger, i look forward to your next tweet :)
o.o really?
limps his way to the end of another Radio Freedonia
Kicking off session on philanthropy and the digital public dialogue with 's & other great experts.
I'm a huge fan of your NYT game previews. Can u throw me your email? I edit , and would like to write a profile
Bitch nigga I Nutted On Your Girls Bread and you thought it was mayonnaise Wrong bitch thats Seamen
We had a good laugh about the fact that I forward him emails about TriMet stabbings but forgot to tell him Britney Spears X-Factor signed!
even still, I wouldn't call version 2.0 "trendy". Drink selection's better, bartenders less crotchety, vibe still laid-back.
Yes, she is!
Thinking about being ridiculous at the Sox home opener next week. Sox gear for sure, but might also wear the foam Prince crown.
Luvs Whitney she has done it again this homegoin televised is Epic & church is in a lot of homes right now
The city put a tree right in the middle of the road in front of our business. The dog is pleased.
no traffic problems, we're right off the highway at Ritchie Coliseum at Univ of Maryland
i've learned to live half-alive
is sick and HATES bein' sick!!! UUUGGGHHH!!!
Alright RT : still in the box my nigga
lol... How else would it b? Just sayin
which tournament are you at?
thanks for the tip..!
Kruger and Stalberg continue their goal scoring at the Worlds for Sweden today. The Swedes are up 5-2 on Germany.
I think mine was something about surrendering my life to the Internet.
the lonely but productive nighttime office hours
You're welcome! Did you get my letter? :)
Put the pump to your tongue (reebok back)!
I don't ever have time for breakfast, so I just grab 6 packs of fruit snacks. Lol
Living systems principles - living cycles, waste=food, feedback, nonlinearity
Milwaukee's Hardest Trivia hits at 8. Plenty of specials to soothe the pain.
RT “: Six tips for using celebrities in your "on site" Super Bowl marketing. W.celebrityacquisition.com
I wanna leave. I getting woked up intentionally. Dang I miss Blue I gotta get new car or keep flipping rentals for times like this. Smh
yes we are lucky
so excited for the concert tonight!
at least we have a half day
A Friend said that 30-sumthin & up (black) men & women think formal boyfriend, girlfriend relationships are "played out". Does anyone agree?
is there a password?
Agree! The multiple ultra marathon runner is raw vegan! Just one of many reminders how vegans DO eat plenty of protein & calcium!
Only curious, trying to prove that you still care... But this doesn't seem to respond to anything </3
Brandon Banks is fast
Dang. I was about to take a nap, but we have to go dress shopping instead. ):
good to see y'all last night!
I knew this that why I stuck up for you hahaha otherwise I would have agreed with them ;)
#MentionTo your classmate who always gets the highest score in Math.
Think you can text and drive? My story may make you think again. Watch NBC 6 today starting at 5pm
I hear its a good race. Too bad I'm not into drinking. Ha. :)
These #NBAFinals got to many damn commercials for me... i just wanna see #MFs Ball out lol
o got it
Peter Gabriel concert was OUTSTANDING!!! Now heading to bed!
Audience winner-Documentary-"Bill Cunningham New York" showing tonight at 9:15 at the Little.
Never explain yourself. Your friends don't need it, and your enemies won't believe it.
Lol <3 How did you sleep last night cutiee? (:
Not sure if I want to use it on my laptop though, since I'm happy with the GNOME 3 + Cinnamon set up I have there.
#HappyBirthdayMamaSanders Happy Birthday
Hiccuping neiman fetus too pleasantly weird!
I'm feeling quite overwhelmed today. Is there an app for that?
last year someone overheard me talking about graduation and she asked where I was going to go to college in the fall :/
Yesterday's Clean Your Files event was a great success with 40 participants and 8.5 tons of material recycled.
I suspect you chose better.
Nope. Only child. Lol
this is wonderful.
That's no good. See them in your Drafts at all? Email the name of the deck and we'll see what we can do.
everyone. Ive decided I am dead
Great goal for NY
Doc: "Mickael Pietrus is struggling. His shot just isn't falling."
VIDEO: Samsung Galaxy S I launch event | Eurodroid
Mosby Woods Elementary is having a science fair featuring exhibits prepared but kids. Tyler did one on Michael Faraday the British chemist.
ladies!! any advice on gear/must haves for someones first #ultra?? any ultra males to follow??
holy sh!t! A whole book's worth? I need it. Will it be available in N.America? Congrats!
oh yeah have fun at ur graduation ( watch u meet a really hot guy there)
We gave up on it. So buggy, and the beta only made things worse.
From a book I'm reading: 'Indeed, nothing seemed to shake it, even when Michael J. Fox left the series for health reasons' Um...
What's a bigger deal? #facebook ipo or launch tomorrow? Sound off!
:) Really, more like GEOGRAPHY is a bitch...on so many levels...
Good morning world! Make today great!
My mail merge skillz used to be the coolest thing about me. Maybe still is.
That awkward moment in the bank drive thru when the teller asks "Hi! How's the little one? Getting big?"
You taught me to never give up my dreams, so in his honor, I will take my entire class to buy #NSNDVD.. OMB,excited.. 3
know how many were in the box fatty. If you stole my milk chocolate truffle #idstartrunning. That ones for a special occasion
Does he make custom fit suits? I'm 6'3" 205 pounds, and athletic.
If we had to have the freeways, we should've built them up instead of down.
I dont want to talk about it.
Eventually I decided to sign up with them and it was far and away the best decision ever
If we were running from zombies, I would trip you!
Oh, you meant you're near the most fashionable. HA! Poor Portland.... (But we fared better than I expected.)
the Dberrie Remix goes hard in the paint
I had a blast! Have fun in Australia! See you this weekend for the game Dawn! :)
Saturdays ROCK at Progressions! Music, pampering, hair, nail, spa, breakfast, fabulousity services...
TIL my fifteen-year-old declawed-in-front cat is a mousing MACHINE. Proof: this dead mouse on my bed. Help pls
Stalking the keg fridge with $1 pints for Cha Cha Karaoke Night. Monday party time!!!
GO STATE! RT : Those veterans deserve to see #1 get upset. Do it for America.
have fun "tappin it" in the sand.
#boo so who of your followers/following's have posted the best Halloween costume pics? @ mention them so we can laugh at, I mean see them!
Pack a #FatDigga guy
OMG OMG OMG WHAT??? USTREAM IN 3 HOURS???
Great! Thanks again for using ShowClix. Have a wonderful time :)
member me?
Wait...what? Raelynn? Really, blake?
Missed free throws smh
ladies and gentleman, take note, this is what a runner with biceps should look like!
Who's gunna come if we have a pool party show in august?
Talking to you is so easy(:
let's play a game. ask me any question and i'll answer it in a tweet the 4 best question will get a shout out :D
Great question.
Stop hatin' on taylor! she's good. :P
Mitt says he'll look @ programs & decide if worth borrowing $ from China 2 pay for. Does this include program to give more breaks to top 1%?
It's so good that I totally forgot was on tonight
I vote not
School -__- Mehh At least the weekends almost here...
#Unemployment after graduation is worse. Paying back loans with no job reduces the ROI. Hard to predict in 2007.
So if Marcus Canty is Bobby Brown, who is Whitney?
#dtc435 interesting to think that art can create conversation or conversation can lead to the creation of art.
I'd bring in Herrera lol, he was throwing 101 last night lol
Favorite SPAM subject line today: "You may already be a wiener."
Shindler: Ebooks make more readers. #laskysymp (True for me, I've read more ebooks since my Kindle app than in 7 years before)
#NF <U+261E> Music Industry Executive, A&R Consultant to Atlantic Records, Interscope, Head of A&R, Artist Development, Publishing
NY succumbs. Secure Communities, at work in 2,792 jurisdictions in 49 states & territories, had not been activated in NYC, until today.
hi, i think youre cool. :D
*And I think that's supposed to be "schools' campuses."
Stoughton Police Department Achieves Certification - Stoughton, MA ...
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you
fiu Stanford and northwestern been getting at me
Time isn't going any where.
two days ago stupid poopid
FIRE Update - Brush fire, Acton, CA - 40+ acres burning 300 FireFighters on scene. No mandatory evacs ordered yet
This game won't be the only thing Nick Williams blows tonight.
Stay warm and out of this weather! Call Chicago Messenger to pick your errands up! 312-666-6800
but we'll see how big the bills will be
Invited to speak last night @ #AAPA2012 executive board meeting to talk about us junior folk...I think some exciting things are in the works
I know I'm really tired when I start reciting hobbit poetry about sleeping and eating in my head. "Away, away, ere break of day..." Night!
It's never too late to up your game! Book your own private basketball coach @ Idobasketball.com.
i followed =]
#IWantToHave a boyfriend
haha, and the scary thought is that could still be the finals.
School tomorrow! Only 13 days left, I'm kind of glad but also depressed about it. I won't see most of my friends for so long. Well, g'night!
THE FIRST ONE WHEN YOUR HAIRS CURLY =]
At the women's meeting? I'm in class unable to attend! :-/
haha its a cool neighborhood :)
New Covario Unit Focuses on Web Search
Makes me wanna drop kick a baby thru a closed window xD -PoKeMoN<3-
Yea I agree with everyone, it sucks not having to shovel snow and use snow chains during Christmas
House depriving himself of Vicodin for Wilson is just...ugh. So sweet.
Newt Gingrich looks like Chucky the doll grown up.
I don't like how Ivy sings popular songs. She should just stick to classical and musical theater. Def not enuf soul 4 I'm Goin Down.
Do you think the #Bucks will have more of their own fans in the stands when they play the #Bulls now that they have Monta Ellis? Avg tix $46
Bill Polian is on ESPN more than Didn't think it was possible.
Welcome back high school interns Rashida and Shakera! Glad your next semester started & that you'll be back in action this afternoon! #FUN!
I'll give you one of the beers if I can keep me shirt off.
Dnt get it twisted I blow dumb loud but wen I do blow reg dat shit hit harder den yal loud
My mom hates the music I listen to, but always nodding her head to it o_O ..
Valana Minerals is available @ Central Co-Op, Seattle, WA. Stop by n tell 'em u luv Valana Minerals!
feels like Smoak's days with M's are numbered. hope I'm wrong.
Love the Birthday Cake Oreos! Please make them permanent. They are the BEST!
who u like?
"Now you know the rest of the story" ;)
Go suns!
batgirl or batwoman? who ya like better and why?
im in Puerto Rico!! #PoloGang what up though!!
thank you!! :) im happy too! lol
We dream ourselves awake every minute of the day. -David Shields
#PeterMolyneux is out at #Lionhead. Who will Microsoft get to sell their products at E3 now? Seriously, I hope he makes another Black&White
RT : A4f: Don’t forget to incorporate QR codes into your print, and other (mobile) display, advertising
First night of hanukkah and not only am I decorating 's Christmas tree but and I forgot the prayer
i wish i can say i don,t miss someone also
Penalties killing OSU momentum
That is a really great article - best I've read today!
Haha i just finished writting my bio for my other account listening to the same song ive been listening to since last night:)
"But for what purpose was the earth formed?" asked Candide. "To drive us mad," replied Martin." --Voltaire
You have her, never wanted me! I finally see. I don't need you and I must get over this!! WORKING ON IT
Meet my MCS chum RT : i have a crush on captain america.
just wait
Weekend Photo Blowout winner announcement in less than an HOUR!!!
Currently watching super rad surf bands/eating tons of BBQ. In 10 mins, Dick Dale, the King Of the surf guitar will be playing. Stoked! OMG!
Everyone please follow>>>>>>
Drunk guys loitering and harassing peeps in Columbia Heights at Tivoli theater. - any advice? Already called cops 2xs.
Not much is more satisfying then getting that itch in the middle of your back
Let's not forget about Dashboard <333 Chris really outdid himself tonight.
Who is your #NCAAFinal pick? Any great plans to watch the game?
no i do not have more than one account
Yuck. :( so intrusive for no reason
Just added to the 2012 #wfx expo floor Evertz
now i have an excuse to come visit you in MI, no way am I gonna let such a dank/chill piece of apparel go unworn
Thanks for following man!
#np 'Set fire to the rain' Adele
FYI, & everyone else, I wasn't meaning that last photo to be sexual or pervy. Just letting y'all know I was jammin & relaxin.
But isn't that procedural? Always ask for the lawyer when you are being questioned?
Advocates Sr. Mary Daniel & Carol Harrison of LA are speaking & tabling about research at today's #Parkinson's symposium
I know, right? RT : RT : I miss the smell of my elementary school library
Hey Girl Friend Wen We Was 5 An 7 Years Old U Remember Me ?
Watching #TheVoice and sickened by the "feedback" Ms Xtina is giving.
Another Out-Of-Homer here. Thank you for your research.
This game is insane!
“: Better to be optimistic !! Yes Dali Lama very true !!” pix?
lol once my mom gets twitter I'm goin google+ or somethin..
AYE! shut cho mouth! it was my frist time at sixx flags!!! and riddlerss was scary! i cried -___-
#musicmonday "Velorum" Into the Light Carol Anne. This record finds its way onto our turntable almost every day
dont compare ah bitch to your ex , theres ah reason you left her ... dont bring her up in your next relationship tho .
freaking out rn because he's too adorable omg
lol it took me like 30 secs to get that.
When replies to everyone but you <<<
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld How High !
I wonder if political systems with only 1 party have to worry about keeping teachers views out of the classroom.
hey did you finally follow ? I did it.
Really need another lava lamp
Just wished Twitter Happy Birthday on it's Facebook page.
Awesome. On hitting Send, GMail says "You wrote 'I've attached' in your message, but there are no files attached." That is very helpful.
remember what happens when you assume ;~)?
Picks gone final: Nationals (L), Pacers-6 (W), NYY/Min Over 9.5 (W), Rangers (W), T'Wolves+5 (W). 4-1 starting off the night! 11-3 last 14!
Here is an outstanding two minute video on saving money with coupons
Top Movie Trailer http//www.youtube/watch?v=4T67UQybvgc
funniest words to ever come out of your mouth
I got them, I just was out of the room for a few minutes talking to Jamie. Thank you for the love and support you give me! <3
you off on Good Friday?
Yes, it is! If you have plans to see it, you will definitely enjoy it. I'm well, thank you. How are you?
Back home
Sorry we couldn't give much. Hope everything works out well!!!
#WaysToImpressMe you have to accept my makeup addiction lol
joking! Rat eradication. Needs to be done!
are you misbehaving??? I'm telling :)
what have you been up to? I miss talking to you.
so yeah I'm fucked at this party about to get arrested.
You can never be happy for anyone.
u are my biggest inspiration I can't thank you enough for #bornthisway this record saved my life !! #pawsup #littlemonster 4 life
Hipsters Hate Those Guys
Because I like shoes as much as the next person, but I gotta think libraries are more important.
My heart goes out to today
dude I can lol.
hows the bay area looking bro
I dreamt I was grocery shopping with Bob Barker...and he wanted no artificial flavoring on any item. FRIDAY
There's some things in life u should just remain curious about
Ross has now received the proper jersey and the bullpen is dying.
Try our handmade cookies and brownies. They are that good. We just thought you'd like to know.
Right? Could have gone with at least three different pull quotes there.
John horne on guitar.
I'm gonna mention your iPhone app. Is there an Android version?
Immediate need for a Chicago tech writer for engagement with downtown non-profit. Contact: Jay Swann @ 847.631.1299 or
my foot is fractured thanks to you
a date with me :D
me is it video or just chat?
I wish I brought head phones
Not finding G.Instant THAT different from the drop down boxes we had already. Much ado about nothing methinks.
I love , , and for promoting Foster Care support through flashmobs.
Come join us today at 12 p.m. for pizza and friendship at our first GlobalED Meeting We are an intercultural student group.
Collegiate Pick-Up Line: I would fuck you so hard, you'd learn from it!
Fired up the PS3 ... and it froze after five minutes. I guess I'll go sort my sock drawer autobiographically.
Exercise and swimming with has jostled me slightly out of existential crisis. Almost better than buying shoes!
Excellent advice. :) RT: sunbelt granola bars >>>>>>>>>>>>>>> chewy granola bars. (increase the quality of your life)
Shot outs to all my new followers!!! Follow me ~ ALL MY "PAKALITES" RETWEET #www.cdbaby.com/pakman1
Love bare minerals. It was the only make up I could wear while pregnant. Everything else broke me out horribly...
#IDontNeedAnyone trying to tell me how to live my life
Aw thanks babygiirrllllll!!! and I thank you (((:
Thursday night NFL games ALWAYS suck!
By signing , they are definitely sending that msg!
Finally an ice cream truck comes by my house! (:
Good Sunday Everyone! What Are You Doing For Fun Today?
Mom and Dad came and then they stayed in the trees watching the young one.
Yes! Love me some #fleetwodmac!
Can't believe I was at work and missed a perfect game
What about the red-headed fat guy with the beard that stands at an odd angle in his commercials? He looks legit.
shower video??
you were amazing last night; performing and karaoke!! :)
Getting things done: US Army now has presence on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Flickr, Google+, Vimeo, Pinterest and “Army Live Blog".
Awww I know me too! Sucks living so far... Missing my sissy! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
LPMR has gone International! See web site! Scroll to bottom for your language! Great Medical Professional sales NOW! Be HITECH READY!
Peanut butter, Avocados, Dark Chocolate, oh my!
President Obama makes public service announcement telling gays they have nothing to be ashamed about. Romney says, Atta Girl!
SUP GIRL
Love is in the air... along with a few flurries. Happy V-day everyone. Our next storm is in NV now and trackin our way for late Wed
In good times, people want to advertise... in bad times they have to. Where's your marketing effort?
Any of you guys happen to know crafting, decor type bloggers in NYC?
I Grew Up On That Other Side, Gettin It In!
I may have to come back and do a spotlight story on you and TRIO in the future.
Ugh tired of being lied to
Yes, it's safe, it's very safe, it's so safe you wouldn't believe it.
Good luck to vs. Loyola in biggest Lax game this weekend.
FBCD!!! Time to move on up!!!
TRAVIS PORTER BABY 2MORRO AWE WE IN THAT THANG
anything at all? you wouldnt feel to good if the tables were turned and someone said it to you
HAHAHAHHAHAHA. OHMYGOSH. Well I apologize but you are clearly with a superstar right now. You two are just the bee knees :D
Looking to hire new home care workers now
Hump Day Happy Hour is happening right now, until 7 PM. Come on over!
thanks, & others for helping announce Accessibility Camp DC on Oct. 9 in Washington D.C. Register - www.accessibilitycampdc.org
haha, right? It's such a strange thing
I find I feel slightly too creepy when I watch the cursor move around & text appear! Thank you for the *very* timely feedback!
yeah I rocks wit loyd I would say cb pop. He cold. But not trey tho he aint pop just more mainstream now
if you need me dont hesitate to call me,i'll be there
Charleston Animal Society participates in national study on pet selection - ABC NEWS 4
Just reading Whyte's *The Organization Man.* He calls Dewey a fascist, in so many words.
That's great, Prime! I look forward very much to hearing from you :)
I don't go by the rule book... I lead from the heart, not the head. Princess Diana
hurry and finish those!!
spam messages irritate me. significantly.
I do not like yelling 'WTF was that?' at my TV,
and by sloppy, i mean sloppy... i miss cha cha cha, taco del mar, waffle window, noahs, etc. haha
I was busy being social mommy while baby boy swam with his friends.
for real I knew how that went
Cool! I will have to talk to her sometime. I want to do creative work - im sick of sales, so I have to go & get the official training
My pin......just for girls <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9> PIN: 2956E986 Plz I dont wanna boys just girls<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
like,caan this meeting end so I can stop being all secretary-ish and go get some cheese and crackers please
"Tell momma i'm sorry, this life is a party, we're never growin up."
sorry boo no ps needs u non pass holders to meet her at 7am. I'm sleeping in :-p
": wish me luck. #lockandload" LOTS of Luck Love <U+2665>
dang their is so many good dance crews i cant pick a favorite..
MUHS Reunion Weekend, July17-18: all Alum Gathering @ the Public Market. Be there. Details = www.muhs.edu
This Alamo Bowl is insane...I should of bet on the "over"
For sure! txt me
Faith is the rebel that can not be contained, restrained, or refrained... Allow God to drop some jaws!
lol just stay in the shallow
"Put that hedgehog in her mouth and we will see how well it runs then."
You're the Ref Ref! So, you shoooshed him, right? Can you shoosh and blow a whistle at the same time? Maybe a kazoo?
thank YOU! Always happy to meet a fellow artist :)
Every time I am RT'd by or I promise I get at least a dozen new followers. Thanks pals!
Thank you RT : wow nice avi
Yes. Sub for third!
whatcha studying for?!
I'm great how about you ? :)
Katie Miles?
RT : #SadTruth dependable people... "everyone wants but cant give" ~
Ah. Cunning.
that seems very popular these days!
Ok I want to chock Justin & even Max is getting on my nerves ... Watching Wizards of Waverly Place
hope ur kiddin- BT, 1 of the most well established dj/producers in edm. A genius, literally. grammy noms. scored at least 30 movies
#TwSIG Digital media literacy is not considered yet part of professional education development.
Whoever is up get me!
Happy Birthday to gonna be a good year!
Thank you! Thank you for being a great restaurant :)
We feel the same way! RT : you had me at sweet potato fries. I could eat them all day long!
happy valentine's day everyone!
Contact me for help with a Facebook Fan Page...
I ANSWERED YOU LOL!
>- RT : Someone buy me some flowers :( I wanna feel special
Hell yeah! Gonna be a great time tonight.
haha I'm sure
Mob wives
I never have to complete, to feel accomplished.
thanks guys!!! Farmington in this bitch! Lol
cinco de mayo is tomorrow. The 5th of may? Today's the 4th haha
do you not understand racism?
g00d morning hope the sun rose upon a better day than it sat
Dear Friends, Please don't take the ass whooping that you are about to take personally!
come stop by during #freretfest! we're OPEN- as always!
finally catching up on rhnyc ... love these women!
yeay, im done with coursework. yeay, time for a celebration :)
and the inside is 0% done hah...
i fink you freeky and i like you a lot
Listening to "Cartel" always cheers me up.
Roses are red violets are blue he is all for me and not for you..so if by chance u try to take my place i'll turn around and smash ur face
Last day of school: is gonna BURN THE FUCK OUT with his truck and hes gonna blast his stereo so loud the school will shake
Guess it's official now. I'm a 2012 Emerging Leader: t.co/gQ6CBM5X . Congrats to the class!
Yep! Can't wait wait to hear what she thought. Wonder how many episodes she finished
USA Soccer is in the FIFA World Cup Finals! Their opponent will be determined tomorrow at 11:30am. Come cheer on Brazil or S. Africa.
Colorado's death penalty - an infrequent option to say the least -- is taken off the table in murder for hire plot in DougCo.
I could not agree more. Eating them right now!
CHROME! Chrome chrome chrome.
RT : En route to BREAKING NEWS: worker dead from industrial accident at ASI Technologies in Milwaukee's northwest side
Good morning tweeters! Happy Thursday!
Let me tell you about this girl I know, she likes hip hop and rock and roll
you guys are winners to me!! If that counts as anything
Operation: Fiscal Jack Hammer.
Raging AZ White Mtn wildfires, very sad situation - prayers are with the firefighters and evacuees and all those losing their homes
How about the R&R Vegas 1/2 on 12/5 for adventure 2010? Run the strip.
Yeah it is! Michigan fan?
Yea a lil
Swearing-in was beautiful! Congratulations to our newest volunteers! We know you'll be great advocates for Baltimore's abused and neglected!
Allergies. I'll get you someday.
Here we go....up with Adam Wexler and Rank 'Em
Lisa Lampanelli is all types of crazy.
I dnt kno a majority of my #follower nor my #followees neither my #followettes not even my #followeers but its ok. Ill live.
Good luck with the Twitter thing.
love my iPhone 4s!
Anyone else notice how Fred Astaire sounds like Jerry Seinfeld?!
Bakersfield is leading RGV 76-68 with 2:33 left in the third period. Koch and Butch leading the Jam with 13 each
T.O. Trained?! Wow! Stevie Johnson has dropped five passes today -- including that would-be game winner for the Bills.
I was out door to door yesterday in my hoodie, Cause it was raining. Only 2b told I can't wear one anymore
they won't let me do it in drag :(
and apparently Sherwood told me there people in the stands laughing at me on the ground
went to lunch with one of my friends I haven't had lunch with in a while:)
Our world is filled with unbelievable talent!
Vals will be on tonight at 10 and 11. thanks
Howzit Zac. I hope not the generic stuff. The tape better hold longer than a few hrs. I've got to get some paper work done.
“: If ur not at Viva Van Duzer... ur missing out. Poker, craps, blackjack, raffles, bands, djs... hot girls...” #ohctshirts :)
I don't understand how they come up with these things <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
iknow so true!, and nothing listing to music :D You, x0
Thanks yall....Fun time. Glad you liked it. Of course...ask for the beard, get the beard.
you're right but these services will evolve & impact advertising trends & revenue in new way video explains theory
HAPPY NEW YEAR! *(*.
Modern Love.
I'd have to say Michelle Lorien because u described me, 3 yrs ago, in 2 tweets
So gross. Did you do anything?
what is best method to re engage ?
This is a great motto to live by: "Be in love with your life. Every detail of it." -Jack Kerouac
Congrats on 1 year - Sure went by fast!
YOU'RE 18!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! I LOVE YOU BIEBER!!<3
that made my day, thanks for that :)
S/O to for being a stranger lately
MVC3 is gonna PWN the gaming world
I can't find tabs for your songs anywhere. DA FUCK IS THIS
True love does forgive but, it does not hurt.
Thanks for the mention!
#RT if you got sum head for yo birthday this year
let's see
“: There is no back up plan. Plain and simple y'all.”
nothing wrong with that! :)
that ain't right
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!
How much the Lakers winning by???
Congrats to enroll child in zone a wanting *my* supplies. I'm learning from he's 50lbs!
Mobile as platform for ebooks/exhibition catalogues.
Man south beach was lively today now I see why LeBron made the choice he did :-)
Thank for the follow Andre!
Swag is Bieber.
Got some + words on how I look due 2 changing up my eating habits and losing lbs. Those r the things that make u keep going.
Unlike any other presidential candidate, we have reels of footage and reams of print proving #Romney is a pretty unabashed flip-flopper.
Thanks for the #ff shout out!
please reply to my tweet. I love you so much. you are beautiful and just awesome
Panelists: The best way to reach us with the final report is to come out into our communities and talk to us.
YOU TAKE THAT BACK! Up All Night is fantastic!
Cant stop listening to
S/O for da follow!!!
working on Sunday......
Creativity is a characteristic given to all human beings at birth
Bro don't even get me started! I'm the oldest so I got whooped for EVERYTHING!! But hey I didn't turn out so bad!!
why are some so concerned about #Caps coverage from "general sports" shows or writers? I'm not looking for prime steak from a smorgasbord.
S/O to my new follower
Why can't people of LA drive in the rain?:(
Kids are asleep getting ready for the night.
Been Chewing The Same Peice Of Mentos Gum Since 2:30 And It Still Hasnt Lost Flavor! :)
Hey you aren't following me
finally! is recovering from this hideous bug and it will probably skip my father altogether
Glad there's something good for you today!
#ItGetsMeMadWhen people take advantage of us nice people...
If everyone was good looking what would be the point....
When that happens you debate wether to punch yourself in the dick or continue to watch.
but I really like the rest of it.
Feel like ive been running around all day-_-
Good that it's the company car then, hope Ella has a great diva party! I'd love to see you both soon!
Blue Box is excited to be a gold sponsor for ! See you there tomorrow and Saturday!
sorry.. but you know
W.O.W.... CHICAGO is OWNING MIAMI... with their BENCH, Coach Thibbs is owning it tonight... Strategic Motha Fucka and it's payin off!
Happy Friday 13 is this day #Lucky or #Un-lucky ?
Just signed up to help out at
I'm sitting on the couch
Eternity has nothing to do with the hereafter... This is it... If you don't get it here, you won't get it anywhere. The experien
How Are You?(:
what u cop? Still going on?
You rocked on Survivor!
i knew that was but i did and when we always say good-bye we luv u
My life ain't perfect, but I make it work.
Buzzed and heading to elecTRONica. Yes.
#first40songsonshuffle 13. bryan adams - summer of 69 (that song is perfect ok)
HOMEBOYS ALWAYS TRY TO BAG HER BUT SHE JUST TOTALLY
tell me more. I'll plug it on my radio show tomorrow night.
#Np 'this is the carter' by Lil Wayne.
I need a piano.
What's everyone up to today?
Should I attempt my first run on the trails of #milwaukee or bake a pie for Pi day?
I prefer Your Luminous Majesty, but I suppose Sire will work for the weekend :) Have a pleasant weekend yourself!
I need public domain footage of belly dancers. No luck in my own searches... help?
Fridays during Bock season should be national holidays.
which island do you mean by... 'island' food? :)
Congrats on the new book!
Teams are going to learn real quick it's unwise to sit starters two weeks in a row. Packers look sloppy.
we had a Febuary tease 2 and now it will snow 2nite so their it is!
#Evolve or Evaporate
This--->RT : did Cent think free speech meant being entitles to one's own cable show?
Tf is wrong with that train?
ooh lucky you!! Cupcake is awesome, or at least I think so.. discovered it in Vegas on the trip in the latest GTV episode I tweeted
Any #photography geeks stalking the #supermoon tonight? I'll be at Tidal Basin if it looks like clouds clearing in time. (#crossingfingers)
Thanks for the P Terry's Burger
good to know that you're over it
loving my life
RIP Steve McNair. Living in Nashville a Titans fan i've met him before. Very nice guy.
I've never seen campus so lifeless. #tooearly #chirpchirp <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Got weekend guests? Create memorable casual meals with Pasture Raised Grass Fed 85% Lean Ground Beef for $4.99/lb. You save $2/lb Fri-Sun
Not a big surprise seeing Dalglish go. Liverpool had a terrible season even counting the cup win.
Knowing my luck, I'll get lost or miss a connecting flight <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Now selling $1 bottled water at Coe Hall
Damnit, forgot to eat lunch again today.
See you Monday at Kroger in Meridian Park in Greenwood...come see us and get a great tasting hot dog...see you then
I like your tweets!
Good thought leaders enable Mini-me thought leaders who can independently turn their ideas into functional assets/content
I will tweet her
oh yeah
Of course, twenty minutes after moving all of the food in the fridge to the cooler, the power came back on.
watching people be so cute together>>>
Show me a miracle I'm hopeless I'm chokin off marijuana smoke with every toke it's like I'm losin focus
": -__- why must you bust my bubble? even lawn tickets?" Imma kick yo ass
#DancingWithDonald is the best!!
What bandwagon am I supposed to be jumping on for the shoutout? RT : #Shoutout to all the bandwagon fans.
We are very very proud to have one "Best in Black Beauty" from Essence Magazine as they are experts in skin care and beauty
Dexter gets better every week I want to be on this show.
They have a tight elbow?
Just picked up my conference poster. It is BEAUTIFUL. I am a SVG master. I will stop gloating once I find the first typo I promise.
Got my new toms asdfghjkl
Some people live their whole lives in one place and I feel like they lose out on the whole world were given to experience.
did you see that Ben tweeted yesterday for everyone to watch #WTA? Lay off the cocktails and get a calendar!
I *really* and *truly* did not know that my registration was expired, Mr. Policeman.
Win a pair of the latest Tommy Hilfiger Footwear by simply re-tweeting this message! (Conditions Apply; Geo: India)
Chuck Pfarrer, Author, “Seal Target Geronimo: The Inside Story of the Mission to Kill Osama Bin Laden
I'm prepared for any drinking game always. Garter flask next to garter gun. RT : One drink for Cary being snappy with Alicia!
Steve Blake looks like an angry bird
i unfollowed you. happy?(:
Here we go here we go again
thank u » ": S/O to for sayin "daughters mother" instead of 'baby mama'. propss.! && happy birthday .(:"
Came home to find my garbage shredded all over my room... this is why I don't care for dogs.
All your news and weather where we all live together...thanks for the earworm.
God I love that feeling when he leans over and whispers in my ear... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
dude! You just need to get a yea long gold membership!
my apartment is hot. my ac is off to save on my con ed bill. don't be a hero james. just turn it on.
Thank you for the Retweet!
So glad to see Will Owsley nominated for Song of the Year (for Vince Gill's "Threaten Me w/ Heaven") on the ACM's! RIP my friend - 1966-2010
Today is one of those days that I really wish I lived in the Pokemon universe.
Everybody seeing stars...his value may never be as high again in his career let alone this season.
<<<< Keeping it 1000 and staying humbled
PINK is for F A G S!
is totally covering my twitter feed with retweets.
Seriously? Your press release is centered? And in blue?
I don't think one needs a book to know not to kill, maim, or steal. Although, I really meant "when used to defend bigotry"
the king in the north!
Why do these niggas act like bitches?
A Day To Remember- If It Means A Lot To You is on
I would choose he knows Buck Owens.
both, actually :)
Smh RT : Zimmerman has FINALLY been charged. WTF took so long?
The theme song could be, "Stuck on the tarmac with you..."
So, thoughts on our beloved #Ravens drafts picks. Ready? Go! Am I the only 1 who wanted V Burfict?
What the Chicago Bears value most in the NFL Draft
let go tomorrow.
Not shocked Petrino got fired but didn't expect it and don't agree with it.
Buddy Story opens Buddy is a struggling NYC musician touring the northeast with his pet turtle. Buddy's neighbor Susan seeks an opportuni
Remember when I wanted as many followers as you....IM ON MY WAY
omg its sunny for once <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><U+2600>
#FF for horse racing
"We make the assumption that everyone sees life the way we do. We assume that others think the way we think, feel the way we feel, judge...
Well said! RT : It’s not so much about finding opportunities as it is about creating them.
If there is not a full pitcher of sweet tea in the fridge every day this summer I'll sue
Looked up the 2 books you mentioned. Pat Conroy's My Reading Life looks like one I'd enjoy. May try to read it soon.
Great to hear you on What's Worth Watching today: loved the story of you and your daughter at Cheers: fantastic interview!
"The league has 15 days to find a 6th team." Can they find another team? I hope so.
Google: Investigating Invalid AdSense Traffic Is Extremely Difficult - Search Engine Roundtable
Last night was one of the best nights of 2012! The pretty ladys showed me SO much love! I didn't get home till 7 in the Mornin!
Omg I love #TheVoice this is so better then American idol!!!!!!!
We love our #gocrib! I'm sure you will too!
I'm having a blast. Still out at sea. Don't make too many sand castles without me! <3 Have a fantastic Memorial Day
RT : RT : Breaking: Massachusetts #unemployment drops to 6.5% in March. State added 8,700 jobs last month.
Tell those Boilermakers to be nice to the Chewster!
btch, i blow good evryday i bet i live the life you wish you could evryday ..
About to start 3 hours of baseball lessons! Time to make them real hitters.
Well good luck and loved the way UNC kicked dukes ass. Lol.
I love his spelling.
complaining about Food Network then watching 3 more episodes of #IronChef cuz no one wants to get up to change the channel
Duane Wilson of Dominican and Playground Elite went 13 of 18 from field and 5 of 8 from 3-point en route to scoring 43 in NIKE League.
G.M.N.I.: Now everytime I look up, one of my sibs' friends, guys, or associates is dead.
-hasn't even been a full 24hrs, and I've already changed my mind.. im about to get myself in trouble..
Don't be eager to run wit crowds, stay in yo lane.
yes had fever but gone and feel real good now watching fights
for those of you who attended Holy Groundz, give me some feedback...
Battle of the Bands, Hard Rock in Chitown!
Happiness belongs to the self-sufficient
that's why I didn't go to work today. Just avoid the whole damn mess.
#SomeWhereOutThere is a weirdo who thinks ketchup + hot sauce = mild sauce. NO NO NO NO NO NO!!!!!!
2mor I may have 1 4 u :)RT We're getting this water out of our basement, but it's gonna take a week! Anyone have a pump to lend?
Wow. These tilapia tacos and guacamole are giving me a mouth-gasm. No wonder the way to a guy's heart is through his stomach! Yowza.
Awesome. Thanks!
RT Disappointed to learn about the amount of media coverage "The Guardian" is giving to Rupert Sheldrake. It's not science
#wow UM retired Vasquez jersey before he graduated
outside of where the ice rink is in the winter, now summer - LSF bar much fun!
Just saw former researcher for the first time in a while, and noticed him from the back of his head! We miss you Micah!
hey heather, love your blog! i have been jamming out to the featured music all morning. keep posting!
Twitter is like Costco on a Saturday. The free sample that gets you addicted enough to buy the entire product.
$242, but I just try tomorrow in the morning and afternoon.
BETTER NOT BE HALF BITTEN
well it's a reminder that you don't talk to them ever. fair enough :)
As soon as the moving dust settles...sound good?
Ughh....when u lose control u let him go...
Early visit, did you hit the gym? RT : I'm at Anaheim Town Square () (2180 East Lincoln Avenue, State College...
So many tests if I was a teacher i don't think i would give a lot of quizzes that would be way to much to grade I think i would lecture
The new facebook app = P.O.S.
I got you, sending love your way <3
: go head 2 head Hall "Gotta work, this sucks!
what im saying is u r slighting the 3 2b players that finished ahead of Anderson > Keys Va Wesleyan Hayes Guilford Allman EMU
Well tomorrow if Friday! Hooray! :)
no! You just made me laugh! You know I love you Joe and you know you're beautiful.
#dancemoms, have you already started filming season 2 for the 2012 competition season?
I do not lol
That seems to be a popular opinion.
Yes I did! How about my friends at Sonsi? How have you been and was your Monday as productive as mine?
RE: your milk=revolting tweet: I've always felt the 2 bravest souls in history are who first drank milk & who first ate an egg.
Could you download the installer on another more internet-friendly computer and stick it on a flash drive? It's only 16 MB.
I never sleep anymore but I ain't worried 'bout it cause i'll make up for it in the summer.
Goodnight folks!!! Korver ended it!
Fixin to set sail
You need to follow people doing things you're interested in. For example, I keep up with copyright stuff here. ^_^
Flying into DC for the conference. Excited for this years speakers and the great time of learning together.
If spent their ad money on services instead they might be able to keep customers.
One apparatus for all your muscles
International day of Dance today! To all my fellow dancers, we are blessed!
Loved Gammons' comment on NESN after the #RedSox game- "People are allowed to exhale now."
Caput with the helper on the Brodeur goal
;) you only live once!
In seminar my favorites <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><U+2728>
Maybe test out adding the most popular searches or recent searches as links right below the search box to save typing.
Blowing Packs,Counting Stacks
Hey ICONiacz, how have you guys been !! i miss tweeting you guys :) !! ill always love you guys & ICONic Boyz<3
Come on Arod
my dreams came true :)
Yeah man. Hopefully we're back next week.
Create soft, healthy-looking color to wake up the skin in the prettiest way with Rosy Cheeks this Spring.
Bump Weekend at Burnies atleast every other day
Your right to use exclamation points has been revoked.
I love you Erika Thomas <33
I may be blocked already, haha.
Do you still review application 4 times a year for fellowships?
Just bought the hunger games.
good morning Lou! :) x
nah i mean exactly what i wrote
Yes, God can swim.
I like your work style!! :)
Goodmorning<U+2665> hope you have a great day today!
new construction 2 bedroom available on Broadway and 33rd street in Astoria Queens New York City, price $2750.
Save some for campaign contributions MT : I bought 2 tix & if I win, that's a LOT of slummy houses I could knock down/redo
Brew day today, FINALLY! Trying out something new, a German Pale Ale. Maybe a new beer style? We'll see....
He is on to something. RT : You could never be ice cream. Because you're so hot. And a person. <U+30C4>
oh you working woman! Let me know if you do! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
coming up in a few mins on 91.3fm
"DROID is a trademark of Lucasfilm Ltd." WTF?!? Is George making money off this?
He's on Fire!!!
great! Been working a ton! I been working since last Thursday. Just taking a quick break.
Not allowed on the internet till tuesday. Oh noes!!!11!!
Yeah yeah I'm playing with your balls..
Fudge !! Is 2 :/ i need to be up in four hours for work !!!
Very excited about Google+ for #googleapps though. #w2s made it sound like less than a week! Yay!
Want do you guys think of the SoulMotor songs you've heard so far? We want to hear from you
I clutched my pearls just from the excerpts. That genre of lit is not really my thing, but I am intrigued by the books popularity.
Crazy fact: Ten percent of all photos taken by humankind were taken in the past 12 months.
I'm cool! Aww sorry 2 hear that (pun intended). Still wish I cud have come 2 support! Well I'll have 2 catch u nex time! (Hugs)
I wanna go to red lobster tonight!
I mean, I know it's unconventional, but I don't see the case against letting them score about thirty seconds ago....
I have requested Mister Hingle's friendship.
Headin over to sing some frkn songs Station
Also joining us today to talk about Bealefeld tenure: Baltimore Councilman Nick Mosby
nicely said :)
so who is at fault? What are you really saying?
My voice is chaning!!
I know, but everyone deserves to have beautiful healthy looking lips, right?
You are so right, those academy folks are a little off this year.
Drinking on an empty stomach <<<<
Allie Thanks for following us back! Come party with us soon
design and implement a 10-month survey of archival collections in the state of mato grosso, brazil.
paintballing is the best thing anyone has ever created
Its crazy how ppl look at life, enjoy it be blessed to be alive
I received a Kindle Fire for my Birthday. What is the first thing I loaded on it? God, No! Great stuff!
sorry to hear Darren, Is Scutter a cat? (Dogs don't usually live that long.) I feel your pain.
pickingg up the brothers later. might as well play basketball as long as no ones here to steal it from me.
Holy crap! this is horrible! stretcher out on the ice.
Birthday drunk is the best kind of drunk :P
Officially on the Jessica Sanchez band wagon. Voting for the rising Filipina star on American Idol!!!!
where's your Facebook? #amilosingit ?
I guess there's a reason why "touch screen operator" isn't listed among Telep's resume.
I would like to exchange follows/support. There is a free promotion site for more followers on my site. FREE!
...def won't get back in that game for a while! ;-) Loving my new game of " A PAIR AND A SPARE" ...with my own rules to bend!
Timeline is dead how are you guys doing?
Song in quirky waltz time accompanied by peach ginger tea.
Wow guys you rock it's not even 12am and already over 60 birthday massages. Thank you all:-)))))) #FB x
#ideas2action running out of power so may be last tweet! Mary Bondmass is spared (perhaps) my quoting her during her talk!
And for a bonus, we'll also issue Ralph Denney a turd for every day he has not removed the bogus GLT poll from his web site. That 60+ now.
when and where LaLaLa
Thanks for choosing to taxi with us! RT : All good. I called Flash Cab.
I try to surprise you and make everything right, #yournothappy and then of coarse you wanna believe rumours..
ITS 5 AM HERE..LOL.:D
the music i listen to in the morning is like a transition between my dreaming and waking lives
it's a double shot of espresso floating on top of a hidden layer of half and half and a shot of vanilla. It's delicious! You shoot it
ya.... They don't make her any more :(
I hate where I stay at
RT : Nothing makes me feel like I'm not a digital humanist like reading job descriptions for the digital humanities.
I'll praise u in this strom!!!
do they have a Facebook by any chance?!
#LetMeExplain What Easter is about . It's about Jesus . Not no Easter bunny and an egg hunt . Jesus before anyone because he died for us<3
Hume disagrees somewhat with report claim that faculty don't value electronic repositories. What about what we see in the humanities?
I think I'm gonna be sick. (in a good way)
I already called.
Cheetah + dive hood = pureawesomeness.
at least something exciting happened lol
Storytelling is important part of play.... three parts to a story: the story of me, we and the now.
My 3 Cockers: Daisy, Lily, and Violet. Cat is Blossom.
WELL PLAYED! #Burritilla #OrSomething RT : quesadilla opened up and made into a burrito
the daily routine u know
Can we borrow your awesome gong for a night? We want to use it to silence people whose pitches go over the allotted time.
Ugh what is that smell? Oh ya my dad's cooking again.
They abstained. Al Davis is a clown show
Sorry I'm gone.
were u talking 2 me of riley? lolz:)
What about Ruffles bits?
You are healed when you can say to yourself, <U+0093>I matter, I belong, I am worthy, I am safe, I can express myself, I am loved.<U+0094>
I just saw Glee's promo with WMYB....I dont like it.
see i never forget about the hommies. I am a real friend, I dont let what the industry thinks sway me away from my friends
Uh oh RT : #nasi2012 We're back. And this time my phone is fully charged.
Thanks! That was my rainy Saturday project last week.
Time to plan the corporate New Year's Party! We can help-but it's booking up fast!
Thanks to all that came to last night's , to for hosting, & to for drinks! Join us 2/15 @ Nattys!
I would love to help plan a in Milwaukee!
Uhmm, you are at a BAND BANQUET!! Why the hell do you look like a whore!? psh,
A place where the cost of living is less expensive,there are respectful country boys,people are laid back && country music rules.
You TOTALLY win! Frames beat pixelated images ANY DAY!! LMAO!!!
haha I mean sentimental memories, you're getting too deep with this
Lob city
dude are you that sad maybe you need a counciler no offense, but get over it bro, try to find another. there are others.
I hope Cam puts all those songs on a mixtape.
Manchester city!!! Old men can stop crying and having fits now
Either way, it would be a shame to see #IUBB #UK series end. Such a great rivalry and two teams that should be champ contenders for years
Your Twitter entry for the #ValentinesDayGiveaway is in! Good Luck!
not too bad lag today on espn feed... Only one away from the money on tv
Happy 2012 to you too Joie! I hope it's off to a great start for you! :-)
2) The Wrecking Crew - session musicians in LA who played in the 1960's
It might snow here in Chicago today!
OH SNAP YO GOT ON U!
RT : shoot if I had give you a tally card you woulda save money--> Does some1 need a #TallyCardz?
Soul Surfer was amazing<U+2665>
Hey I got 70% of my stuff back over a 33 hr process but file name/folders changed. I used stellar Phoenix. Time to go cloud!
This fucking show makes me cry every time I watch it!
spring contest coming up, looking for some helpers..stop by the website and check us out..
Last night, sleepily, I wrote a note for myself. It was just the letter L w/ a circle. Now I can't remember. Maybe it means I'm surrounded?
:-D Dont be a stranger
Is it better to have been a has been than a never was?
RIP Levon Helm ... Now all three of the band's amazing singers are dead :(
I know right... I wasnt addict no more lol now I need my twitter drug bck
Late night Hadoopin'
BOOK GIVEAWAY! RT for a chance to win a signed hardcover copy of new historical fiction novel Grosvenor Square!
Lin just went Dirk on Dirk!
Ok thats cool. So they are easy to work with?
heard Ricci playing through all 24 Paganini Capricci (u tube !) no one else gets the essence of these pieces like he does: natural musician
God I love that show. So mad it's over for another season.
Thanks for the bro!!!
actuallyl i's 2nd time; first time since moving to AZ.
90 minutes of sight-reading music tonight was much easier than I expected... Had played none of the pieces before.
Importance And numerous kinds of Court Surfaces found out in Tennis
you're welcome!
Eating Boston Baked Beans!!!!!! Are they not the best candy ever?
"Love is fragile and we're not always its best caretakers."
Looking forward to working with you on "Candor".
Thank you new followers:
#Babe yur so Cutee nd I cnt wrap myself around why I like yu so much. I wanna be with yu so much. I love you Pamela <U+2665><U+2661>
Poor rappers, lol
I don't think she's even at 100%.
Just finished the #P90X Chest, Shoulders and triceps workout. Topped it off with
Thanks for the love :)
Kidnapped by BRICHITT!! Mitch thanks for grabbing my truck
I hope I'm not coming down with a cold cause that would be inconvenient.
I'm gunna miss you Florida, with all your nice beautiful sunny weather!!:( but time to head back home to Chicago!
Who should I bother right now?? Cant think of anyone who would be awake.
really walking dead is loosing to Sons of Anarchy? Very interesting. What does S.O.A have that walking dead may not?
I just called you
RT Eat right, exercise regularly, die anyway. ~Author Unknown
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese. As if I don't have enough on my plate.
or on Perkins rd?
It's devastating to see Cambodia's land-mine legacy first hand. Number of casualties have fallen but still a big problem here.
Just found out the TV movie Undercover Bridesmaid airs tomorrow and Sunday on Hallmark channel. I have a featured part as Claire the maid :)
Boyfriend is asleep on couch and he talks in his sleep. Just now, he took a deep breath, rolled & pronounced "Wake me up, before you go-go"
Having a bad day so maybe will notice me & make it better? (;
do you have the spoilers for the may 24th impact?
Do u think racism is dead and gone in America let alone the world?
So glad that you enjoyed it so much.. Were you impressed with all the costumes at your showing? So many people went all out
Oh you did! It was a great start to the week… hope you had a great Monday too!
Palm oil and the dissonant chords of green groups
While watching 2 girls hump each other on the dancefloor, informs me that move is called the "Jersey Turnpike."
you started it. just sayin
My morning bus <
Met some great #RockStars in my Resume Building for Emerging Leaders session today at #Illinois #CommunityAction Agency conference in Spfld
Nice. Living the dream. Sitting on the right side of the car?
he gives eggs to his grandmother?
Start your day with something delicious! I recommend trying the Horchata French Toast at Asada Desert Grille!
Obama at The Jefferson Hotel closing 16th street in DC. Another reason to vote for Romney.
Damn, well I'm in the bay an I'll probably take a trip out there soon so we defintely have to link up :)
: ... and no with that RT I'm not mexican... but i love it! :)/ love me or my Mexican tweet!? :)
they do for 1/4 gallon
The 2010 MLK Holiday Celebrations-Houston Will Consist of Many Culturally Diverse Events..For More Info Visit Us @ www.mlkgrandeparade.org
((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))
The Chesapeake Bay area is full of wonderful crab house restaurants and great bed and breakfasts.
Maria would like to wear her little red sox cap that her Auntie Ali gave her while the game is on.
“One’s destination is never a place, but a new way of seeing things.” – Henry Miller
Someone take me to Canada.
Whew! Back in the office after 6 days of travel to LV and PIT - recovering from #upceamktg and #sidthekid's amazing show last night
It's been a long ass day. Time to go fuck with my best homie
Canada's circus king and first space tourist, Guy Laliberte,was born in 1959--a year after Paul Anka had a big international hit with Diana.
The best feeling in the world is holding a newborn! So precious!
Today was with SABRINA DEA and LORENA in the amusement park it whas CRAZY We were on many railways and we ate a BIG MAMA cotton candy
Feeling extremely #Salty right now
too much suspense as it is :P
Much strategy prevails over little strategy. - Sun Tzu
Enjoying a cafe au lait and killer peppermint chocolate chip cheesecake while getting some work done
Boy You Shaking Like Ah Stripper , Tighten Up ..
only god knows...
#FreeBoosie worked I guess
any idea of timeline for payback yet?
the seattle library has free digital streaming of recent movies. not sure how common it is elsewhere...
Getting excited to host Conference Finals this weekend!
To be successful you must first get the world around you to believe in you...otherwise the world will simply put you back in your place!
May be getting a TV series I've heard. Here's hoping.
lol omg this is my picture!:O
What are your contingency plans? Have you looked at your exit strategies? Look at those contracts in detail.
People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. They should throw parties with strippers.
Picking up a thirty yard dumpster in The Woodlands!
Commit everything you do to the LORD. Trust him, and he will help you. Psalm 37:5
"You can take the girl out of Utah, but you can't take Utah out of the girl." is how the Brooks & Dunn song REALLY went.
right back at you<3
People at bellaire assume things way to easily and quickly.
Shawn won the conference tennis tournament tonight! #1 seed singles Champ and #1 doubles Champ!!
If your YESes are in alignment with expansion that supports your awakening and evolution .. GREAT!
Well played Toffees! Taking points away from Manure at Old Trafford.
Heard woman who yanked would-be carjacker out of her car in NE PDX,was about to tie him up w/jumper cables-when he got away. 11pm
Props 2 & 4 their SWEET TOOTH ish. It's 1 of the few books that's survived my bloody purge.
woo! new songs!
A song will outlive all sermons in the memory.
DJ's really do save lives.
we're gonna come sample it all in august. will try and bring joe with us.
worst movie since Act of Valor!
well sounds fun! If the sun keeps shining maybe I will put on my dancing shoes 2!
That's our poison! RT : Drinking Lemon Cello?
PR Pro tip make sure the time is accurate on the press release.
In a bright spot for the day, Yankees tickets have been secured for Thursday night. Here's to no rain in NYC!
Fun times lol!
***www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA & the GIN HALL HUSTLERS
Finishing up Streak details for this week's Streak! Cant wait to see yall on Saturday. BEST Streak yet
You are amazing!! Whatchutalkinbout?
Playing jazz... at a house party... and people are listening (!)
Warms the heart to see an 11 year old girl who has her face painted like the cover of Aladdin Sane.
16 rebounds for Boozer! Season high!
how did I not know that before? And i don't care she is hot lol
Every job is a self-portriat of the person who does it. Autograph your work with excellence.
OH: You know it's an upscale strip club because they have hardwood floors.
It was the "sex panther."
recorded with Michael today and got most tracks done. It should be up on ReverbNation sometime next week.
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. —Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Huh how funny colts get 1st and last pick in draft.
RT Kristen Stewart attributes her beauty to a strict regimen of killing and consuming one puppy every morning.
me too. that's why i would love to see Bryce's face when Pascual Perez does the smoking gun finger thing after a strike out.
Yes, exactly. Love the very specific account of a very specific scene. But National Book Award? Really?
My daughter just told me she didn't love me anymore. And so it begins.
The right UNLV team won tonight.
Thanks for the follow!....snort
Tried to watch a live webcast of my cousin's graduation, but apparently I lack a plug-in. Tech fail. Sorry, !
Ugh i have the hick ups from drinking too much :/
with glitter
aw ok I see u bf....I'm tryna b like you
it's hard to look right... At you baby!
is editing my prom piece that airs tonight. The music is making us want to have an all day Tues dance party!!
#BeforeIWasAMahomie i used to be happy yasmin, but now im super happy yasmin =)
"I can come alongside you and help you produce your idea" -Joseph Sanchez (IMAGINE hearing that from your librarian? #libmade)
Starting new internship tomorrow!
Those echos are freaking me out......LOL
still have a chance at $2000 in another pool though haha
Turned Up to here at da Shop!!
so freaking tired.
"Turn the switch back on!!!"
Customers want brands that are narrow in scope and distinguishable by a single word, the shorter the better
you only ate once today?! Oh my gosh are you sick????
debating on which accent i want. australian or british. WHY IS THIS SO HARD UGH.
RT : I hate when people just randomly stop talking to me without telling me why.
Turns out, I cannot build a gingerbread house, which would bother me if I were an 8 year old girl.
chica I gotta talk to you pronto!!!!!!!!
I love seeinq your face its so #Pretty!
Working hard on the final grant recipients! Down to 49 and now to the final 11. Such tough choices!
WHEN DO THE CASTING FOR BGC SEASON 7 START?
ridiculously stressed out
Col. Panic was just told to shut up while on the Lakefront tour. With love.
Fitness Tip: Weight Loss Real Facts - To lose weight you should cut out 500 calories per day. All you have to do is bump up your activity...
what, you want to pull my tooth?
beach chair off the coats of I made it
PRAISE is what I do! Feeling it this morning!
Title Fight with Friends, Captain and Jack and you singing along on Thursday. Awesome.
The psychological basis of Morgellons disease
Time to head out in search of brunch. What is your fave sf brunch spot?
Scaremonger in chief is not selling it...... He needs to go back to community organizing school
thanks for all the RTs and Faves :)
One of our catering options is a brown bag lunch: 2 tamales, soda, chips and a sweet snack. You’ll be the envy of the office!
“: “: That's how you connect people on The Twitter.” huh?”"huh?"
lol do you not like this person?
how u know it mash up
Yeah(: i gotcha.
cuz it's bad for u
That's gonna fly by RT 95 days till my wedding day... <3 <3
Listening in on #washeval chat. Nice to see people using this forum for real-time info exchange.
Awesome. RT : Carlisle: "Tonight Nowitzki, Terry and Kidd weren't gonna let us lose the game. It's as simple as that."
I just can't stop thinking about you....I think about you all the time.....I just really like you...
LOL I love !(: Thats the funniest story. I wonder what that lady was like. #muchlove .
That's how you kick your ex in the teeth through song. Katy Perry!
colder weather by zac brown band!
Yeah, right?
Ohio Right to Life lying about Gov't funds... No Gov't funding is NOT fungible. No
Your welcome. How was your week?
Can someone at Imagine RIT please explain to me what the "Fluids are Fun" exhibit is all about? Dying of curiosity.
I saw Tom Abdenour (Warriors trainer) on Friday. He told me to say "Hi" to you after I told him I follow you on Twitter. Lol
Was it good?
(cont) MC Hammer, gatorade gin & juice, PDA's, hermit crabs, finger paints, Thor in a thong, walmart employees
where you at?
what's your best streak so far Donna? I got 7. Now currently 1 after tonight...lol
Hehehe i love this account so much :)
Bye bye Leif, sadly this is not a season where smart people were cast
i know, but it's hard to get his attention.
Truth: making my cat angry is the best thing on the planet.
said roughly - petitions re noit enough, need to meet with people in person and present them, put a face to cause
#Meryl Streep in bronze gold. OMG You look the best you have in years. - A
I could stand outside all night..
I need to pee... And get ready for school. But is doing a twitcam! AH!
not today. Raining in South Jersey
Can't fight the attraction
I love being in love
What state do you think the next record Whitetail will come from?
What was bleeped!
is GORGEOUS<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>SHEEESH
Lmao. U not bad if u fight a bitch dhat can't fight and u win df.
Sometimes I wonder if I keep getting the beach ball of death because my Mac find the look of terror on my face hilarious.
thank you!
Any predictions for the Notre Dame vs. Michigan State game this weekend? I've got a feeling Notre Dame is starting 0-3...
Boulder on Alexander. <3
Wow, Random House wasn't kidding about raising eBook prices in OverDrive. Over 200% increase in cost today as compared to yesterday.
Does anyone know of a blog widget or plug-in for a pedometer counter?
By far the best strongs so far....
you already know
I have become an insomniac. -.- I was almost asleep when my body literally jerked & woke me back up. :( idk what's wrong.
Oh, the other reason my day should improve? Heading to Brookfield at 3 to do story on all-bacon happy hour.
gettin it done under blue skies! Band and trucks till 2:30 !
I want the bills to defy Russell Wilson in the 3/4 round depending when the latest we can get him is
I just read my own profile page and realized I'm lame as can be. Smh
I pray you had a wonderful Thanksgiving Holiday! Continue to give thanks and be grateful for all He has done for you! Be Encouraged!
glad to hear it!
I'm in Pluto I'm in Mars at the same damn time.
Showing compassion and love for our patients, Dr. Aliza Shad of speaks to med students.
WORKING! :) lots of sponsors from the Glen!
I think that's what I am going to go with :)
A goal would please me to no end.
AskJeeves was my favorite... Good times....
I'm celebrating the beginning of the #nats season by watching How Do You Know? It's not quite Pride of the Yankees, but I guess it'll do
So proud of my man, , for working all day & still finding the drive to stick to his workout! He's amazing!!!
The grass is always greener on the other side, only because you failed to water, fertilize and tend to your own side. Larry Wingel
The right man is the one who seizes the moment. ~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Enjoyed talking at the Catholic Reception last night. Thanks for being part of my cheering section!
you will. You'd rather Halladay Lee and Hamels all go down with injuries.
now now, no Twitter bullying!
Has been up since 4am. Don't ask.
I Got Mine
Hosting a round table discussion on #WorkLife balance for mostly recent college grad staff in 2 weeks. Any resources I should share?
S/O to an amazing follower!! GO FOLLOW <3
Our pleasure!!! Already wishing it was October! Full 88 next year...Plus post-season of course! #GoBucksGo! Finish with a win!
OK, I may need in WY. I'm in residence for a month @ Ucross, a 20,000 acre ranch, until I leave for Djerassi.
Ranking Is My Goal
Looking back, I liked you for what I thought you could be, a fantasy man, I never took the time to get to know you and I'm sorry for that.
Just saw "The Business of Being Born"-->Its useful for illustrating the #medicalization of child birth & Weber's concept of
me explaining losing your virginity: WHY IS IT ON FIRE?!
This is my new fav. outfit!! RT : yes but you cannot wear what u have on today! RT : Next time.
Each and everyday YOU CHOOSE. You choose your thoughts, actions, and ultimately your outcome. So, how is your day going?
Why, thank you. Official bar tomorrow!“: Enjoying the tweets of the mini bottle as it (he? she?) travels to #mcc2012.”
ah CAN'T wait to meet your new baby puppy :)
I have never seen so much traffic
I haven't watched Survivor for a few years. I thought only 2 went to final tribal. Did it used to be that way?
Topic was the nature of wilderness. Not sure when it will air, but will keep you posted!
are you guys watching the 49ers game?
guilty as charged. Maybe I should just stand an text and let the crowd break around me.
That's good (: we can suffer together
Heartbreaking plea from mother of an murdered east county man.
Looking for funding to help families in need with holiday gifts and support. Best Wishes to all!
I don't know who embarrasses themselves more, the stupid client or the sycophantic agency. #ThePitch is grim viewing for an ad man.
Stop by and see us! We'd love to have u! Who wants to go to Smiley prom?? I just want to have an excuse to shop : )
Where is G? That's a store in Baton Rouge?
WAAZAP?CHECK OUT "TELL YA FRIENDS"NO4 ft.DMX & DANI STEVENSON.ON YOUTUBE NOW,PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE . NO4
Epic mealtime!
'Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.'—Calvin Coolidge
Can't wait until we are operating and can pass out beads on #FatTuesday next year!
Forks and plugs. A perfect combination to a boring Saturday. Lets light this mother up.
I really do get irritated when ugly people think they are cute! Like, when was the last time you looked in a clean mirror?!
Final Friday with Creative Writing: William Boast Fiction Reading 3-4pm at the Bookstore
Thanks for your interest in DNS.com. That is correct, currently our service area does not include China.
“: #EveryoneHasThat1Friend that doesn't know how to whisper.” I'm that friend....
RT : So excited for Black Tie Gala this Saturday!
i saw u today !
I would love a follow. :) <3
Love saturdays energy around the golf course. Hello spring in Colorado
you'd make a great circus seal.
bought cross rhodes yesterday b/c of you letting us know through twitter. BTW i could not put it down. Great read
Out & about today, seeing people counting coins or asking for spare change. Why r we the working poor? It kills me to see this! So sad!
mangg we should hangout
I'd love to come out to Monterrey to play for ya!!! Hopefully I'll make it out this year!
Dear Mr. Eddie Murphy. Thank you for deciding not to host the Oscars. Potential trainwreck avoided.
Too bad he complains non-stop throughout the game. Annoying. Over-complains.
I hope this dress doesn't make me look like a complete hooker. :P
Oh. well I guess you won't want to talk to me then x
Thank you. We've seen the principles, but we haven't heard #POTUS address OAA.
Holyfcknutt your right! >=| and #yolo is wrong I will never really die ;)
Forgot that I could access any periodical for free via the SDSU library. Oh the perks of being a student again.
heck ya!
#prom. Sounds fun! Kinda! Sorta!
At the end of two periods, we are all tied up a one. Roseville finally gets on the board with 27 seconds left in the 2nd.
THEY TOOK ERR JRRBS!
Make sure you swing about 4 hours north so I can say hi. :p
what the hell was thinking when he made that pay phone song?? it may be popular but its pure ass cheeks
My godson: "know what rhymes with duck? Suck. Know what rhymes with suck? The F word." Yea, he's 7.
Ringring!!! Thanks for the follow! TTYL!
RIP Ferdinand Alexander Porsche. We will all miss you in the Sports Car world
Haha thanks! I did the best I could. Hey any idea when you're playing Rocketown again?
Life in abundance comes only through great love<U+2665>.
not surprising. I get hit up for money all the time, usually at the starbucks downtown or on the bus. I think I need to alter rte
"It isn't what they say about you, it's what they whisper". Errol Flynn quotes
can i call u
Don't wait to drink water until you feel thirsty. If you're thirsty, your body is already dehydrated.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Green Bay 37 New York 31
“: I need a new gay queen for the month of May! Help me!!! I've already gone through Cher Lloyd, Nicola..." hello Liza Minnelli
Poor Left Churchill Downs before Springsteen came over the PA...
so was I until I though about it.
I'm relatively certain I'm in love with this girl that works at Barton Creek. Actually, no, totally certain.
Thanks for the feedback on the QR Codes article!
otherwise known as the "how to keep from getting blacklisted" session
Q: what's your favorite song for now? A: gotta say, Marvins room by drake, amazing song here it all the time
Good morning! Nice to "see" you.
if you wanna rant about it just don't @ mention them because thats shitty and not necessary
Thanks for letting us know. We'll ask around.
Using www.socialmention.com to track the conversation about www.iheartonenote.com in the blogosphere
Ooohh...well, I guess it had to be said -sometime-, right?
Good luck, nice job finishing Monaco on a high note!
Up front and center for Sonny Rollins at Paramount tonight. Anyone else going?
Does being a lost fan count? Enjoy the Cities. Great day to throw strikes. Weather is awesome, so is breakfast at keys
thank you ladies for making me feel human again!
sounds good! Let me know if you have any questions and I will see you Friday!!
Remember when we went to #Bubbaz and watched The Pacers/Heat game?
Being inside, outside, sitting on a porch watching or even driving in the rain are all some of my favorite things. Thinderstorms = coolest
are you back at Sc!? Miss ya
can wait for #BELIEVE I know it's gonna be amazing!!:D
No matter how I feel like I've failed. I am reminded, there is no failure in GOD
This Malibu Red commercial is irritating af!
FREE Independence Day Celebration July 3rd at 8:30pm. RiverStage in Jeffersonville. Bring the family for an evening of music on the river.
love it!!! Such great music in that!!! Ah memories of London:)
We are not makers of history. We are made by history.
Congrats to on yr National Mag Awards for General Excellence!
RT How can you be purposefully creative today with less strain and more space in time and mind?
And she will be loved <3
So much #editing not enough hours
Wishing all our DGDG fans and followers a safe a happy weekend. Remember to spring your clocks forward this Sunday for day light savings!!
Looking forward to speaking and meeting everyone at today's #bdi forum on BtoB social communications!
Day one of sweeps in the can...
Feeling salty I didn't even get walked to my bus
I've never seen Titanic or Avatar. I like Cameron's other stuff but those 2 don't interest me at all.
Lol.... Silly rabbit... Tricks are for kids:-)
He's not dead. It's a hoax.
Cried for the past 2 days...I miss you Dylan and I love you and Tony...<3 Please let this razor cut away the pain...</3Ready to cry again...
RT : Watching cable news because you want to be informed is like going to Olive Garden because you want to live in Italy.
im assuming these are for vossen. the ribbed probably wouldnt screen very well
Interested to see how this Red Tails do, because the real Tuskegee Airman was no joke!!
I'm making different seed-based crackers now. I could be your guest gluten-free girl! Taking notes & random pix.
No uke for me today. Prepping for digphoto lecture plus sending out images to a gallery for Scope Miami. Cross my fingers.
so you're going to see it immediately?
lol #whatissleep i don't think i'll get any tonight.
Today's QLab 3 coding brought to you by James Brown. Can't be held responsible if these audio preferences end up funkier than you expect.
This green tea smoothie is so good I want to bathe in it.
yes, i ran & made it right b4 plane closes the gate. fortunately I can run, although I'm totally out of shape & out of breath ;-)
its past my nedtime but i stayed up 3hr just to listen to
Good advice- for adults as well!
You piece of shit. I hope you never play another game.
sure do luv you my sis!!
Ah, yeah, lots of attitude. #nowplaying Cockiness by -
See you there, fellow educators!
thx judi! enjoying your snowflake workshop right now :-)
To fall in love twice a day is such a sweet price to pay
Setting up the field for day 2 of the winter soccer camps.
Going to for dinner tonight - looking forward to a big ol' glass of wine. What a week.
Finally a decent bowl game!!
You should get paid for that. PaidBythePool.
Fell asleep for 5 minutes putting my cousin to sleep, Woke up had this boost of energy and went to the gym!
the one i have is 4 years and almost 5 months old..yes and it still works, I got it right when they first came out :)
If any developer here has any experience creating a social network I would like to talk to you!!
Damn... Thoroughly disappointed. The video was amazing but I was hoping for a real music video :( -Caitlin xx
a little late, but... just thrifted a Marni for H&M skirt for $12 at Sometimes it pays to be behind the times, lol!
Crazy weather this morning, Call Durable Roofing for EMERGENCY tarping or repair services!! Call us today 708-371-ROOF(7663)
Please stop grouping Twitter posts in FB under "See 19 similar from Twitter". I keep missing posts from others because of this.
SURPRISE I am cuz!!! RT : wish you were coming tm
How is it possible that so many doctors are so perpetually late? New policy, they pay the cancellation fee if they miss by 45min or more
Happened to me about an hour ago, then all magically reappeared.
Off to the Cactus League on March 3rd! First trip there with the T3i, so get ready for LOTS of pictures when I return!
The things me & marlynn do to look good ^_^
girl he mean.
shappell ice house
that place is soo good! Is it the one off 45?
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear "Drug Test""
Seen #Avengers twice in less that 24 hours.
haha you think I have any trouble asking a random stranger to take a picture?
Word to the wise..... NEVER Piss a Capricorn off.....you're not ready for the wrath.
shows royalty cc
Omg where'd she go? To Saudi? Or is she here?
filming #changeup at Phipps Plaza this weekend? Can't wait to see the movie!
Absolutely unreal that Carlos Gomez is fast enough to score from second on a line drive single to left field
My new charger is 9' long! Holy
" even if the sky start falling ' imma still be high. "
Friday is tomorrow ppl! ;-)
Guess what?
My phone taking to long to update
MAHOMIES! GO FOLLOW MY BESTIE !! Gotta love her <3
Morning Boo!!! I miss you!
We had 40 drink tickets, which seemed to last ALL night.
": I think I want to hear it " Yo check it out A...its a solid album from start to finish.
Can't wait to see it! -
Best text I ever got "your mad at me for taking a shit!"
Dill from #ToKillaMockingbird was based on Truman Capote as a child? That is the coolest fact I have heard all week.
let's get in those playoffs and I can so seeing that happen!!
No.. These are sad times. /:
Just went through an awesome social media training with the brilliant I feel so savvy now! Thanks Remy!
I need a cuddle boy tonight
why no link to Avarteq in your bio, it looks like you do a lot of work on portals, r u exclusively a Ruby on Rails shop?
New shorts and a nice tan....I'm ready!!
This is the part of me that ur never ever gonna take away from me!!!!!!
happy birthday! :)
Your welcome
For me it is the same way. I used rhapsody for a long time, but their new player is only 64kbps, so now I do emusic and cdbaby :-)
I'll take it
get it in..... wish i could be there...
Beautiful night in Austin TX.... enjoy it and stay safe.... Ciao PUCCIAS!!!!!!!
It's 3am, and the people who live above me are holding a gymnastics competition.
hey Jay! Saw you're on the promenade now wed's, I look forward to a great show.
Iil Jon on wed only
re: fitbit; device wont give desire to change; manual collection maybe better than automatic cuz effort & reflection
Holy crap, makes some tasty salsa.
i come home to ragging screaming music about killing... my roomie yes thats him
He's so sweet(: New Icon..
yes! So glad you enjoyed, it's such a fun show. Thanks so much for coming.
I Luv all the Avi's, We know how to Represent our man
BTW our open sign is broken at the moment...we are still open like usual!
What to eat?
“Urban Jungle Green vol.2 (limited pressing enhanced audio CD with videos!) ! available at hhv.de and k984.com”
I love this quote: "Springpad as a service is nothing new. What is new about Springpad this month is pretty much everything." Haha!
I started this album with a certain title in mind which later got vetoed by my team...
"For we brought nothing into the world, and we can take nothing out of it." 1 Timothy 6
I'm not sure why it hates women and thinks that earls "hear voices," but it seems to. Yikes.
princesses keep their legs closed
I'm loving this rain right now.
im bored
Thank you to all our customers who use our service, we appreciate you!
#SaltyDad "Gosh Darnit David!!! Why are there banana peels laying all over the front yard!!! PICK EM UP RIGHT NOW!"
Wowie zowie! Great deal, I'm printing right now.
i do. I love ryan bishops basement :P and he likes mines. Ugh
If UW doesn't get the last spot, who gets it instead? Seton Hall? Iona?
Jesus I'm like the morning taxi.
aww poor baby :( I'm going home next weekend!! What about you?!
Time to walk away from the copy edits.
and I want to work tonight lol
watching how i met your mother until i knock out. goodnight everyone (:
I love fourth block I feel like such a bad kid CAUSE I GET TO LEAVE SCHOOL AND NOT COME BACK! :D
We all have that one friend that never know's what the hell is going on.
Lmao! RT #OnlyBahamianPeople is eat the grapes out the bag in the food store to get a "little taste"
RT : 9 guys available tomorrow for the
thanks for sharing Teera! Hope you find BestVendor useful!
Time to bother Rooney!
Starlito's "live from the kitchen" Beat go Harder than Gotti's(: #Just Saying ..
I know got my text and what's the location bish!?!?!
back to the two M's..Money and Music...What are you doin?
should i go to SA tomorrow or not? Hm tough choices
I lost all my contacts again and it probably got lost in the sauce. Txt me your
It's possible that Cracker Barrel is the only place where I don't mind country music.
Have you ever heard of the "Aphrodisiac Coffee"? Is it for real?
Tonight is the night is the night that we’re losing control
Yeah just like he did in
they always seem to nab great acts for it. Deer Tick an Dawes alone are definitely making me consider going.
Adirondack Sports 7 Fitness Expo this weekend in Saratoga
Do these napkins smell like Chloroform, just kidding but can I buy you a drink.
Headed to competition. Stay tuned...
Got the driod incredible 2 today and its bad ass!!
Great statement about sharing Moving Garden! Now that it's been about a month, what platform is used most?
Pretty sure I have twitter elbow after tweeting two hours straight for a client...
because people will pay it
Lol yes i do! When there is something to say... its just, I don't get the point of habitual status posting. I post as needed lol
Good stuff!!
RT : Don't get distracted by money. Money, in and of itself, is NOT your vision
As rubber kisses asphalt, my iPhone works again as a phone.
this makes me very sad. I miss that place.
Drinking my matte just for !
don't forget about the Living Social deal! $10 for just $5!!! only 8 hrs left to buy!
you're super hot, fire hot something like the sun in the sky , uh pretty hot babe <3 (;
yes and they've been in there for several decades now haha jk jk
cant wait too party for your bday this weekend.
yes. Slaughters my soul.
Days off are boring
Come to think of it, yes!
I'm so done lol ..
I'll come get you myself. Should I bring a wheelchair??
mother charged with OVI, speeding and endangering child after Hilliard Police stop her with her 6yo in the car. story at 11
#cody hey, how's your day been?
Paul Westhead Revisited
follow me please ?(:
And we have a Winner Alex Bourne! Msg us your address & shirt size & we'll take care of the rest!
A very sad article. Hope the local church will open their doors to these families! It is happening everywhere:(
Today's Feature: Truffle Mushroom & Brie Burger w/ caramelized onions Soups: Smoky Tomato Leek or Traditional Gazpacho
Still a little upset u turned down Carnivor! RT : can't wait for my lunch date with tomorrow!!
LMFAO! That is great. I need to send that and the condescending meme to about a dozen people.
Hey Hunters.
Family is going to the casino without me. Sucks being poor.
I've read about that workshop exercise. Katz needs to remember that male survivors may be present as well and don't disclose.
LOVE days like these.
have 2 tix to outstanding in the field dinner at jolie vue farm for tomorrow. $180 ea. anyone?
Omg...I quit. Now I'm having an allergic reaction to the med I was put on previously. I just can't. Jesus take the wheel... *sigh*
It's from hell. Like a Uhaul convention. Did you know that it's possible to triple-park them? Neither did I.
": exactly, we tell it how we see it" and how we see it is the only right way to see it
Bangin this school out, and workin on my music.
My face after watching the last episode of how I met your mother <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Gotta love it when local talking heads get mad when people call them out on it.
Happy Birthday to my seeester!!!! Off to find your Argentinian husband!
was getting my hair shampoo'ed. Greed creates an imbalance
sports day
get silly on www.aaron.tv
Would u rather have a good looking car thats slow or a old junk car with speed ???
Check us out in www.youngcouturemag.com
#EveryTwitterTimeline has that one person who is always at a party.
“: aye what's good how u been? I haven't heard from u in years” I know I'm good living in dc now :) how you?
I believe that old lady with the walker turned specifically to cough on me. Fucking cunt.
Heyo It's Rico. RT if you miss him
RT : Show tomorrow at The Speakeasy! Check the Myspace for details! This time it really IS all ages!!
that makes me feel so old.
I think death will be the death of me.
Ight...Time to work....and tweet
Still believing in my short #GBPJPY stance
after 7p would be best for me...gotta go get all buff an' stuff
Now the only bad part about that play is Espn & rest of sports world is gonna make it sound like they did the #Indians a favor
please follow (: ily
I know ... I'm trying... There is still a chance here. Gotta stop them on 4th and 1.
gracias. You have to be on board too! And I'll help with your resolution ;)
I'm really not much of a bagel eater anymore, but oh -- that smell! Divine! I miss my oatmeal like crazy, though.
Browsing through UI/UX case studies, saw the caveat "At the time of this screenshot…" Good call.
24 days until the NAMI Walk on April 17th in Balboa Park www.namiwalksandiego.org
I Never said it was not sad but really there was noone who he could go see for help .Hell I went a doctor as a teen .Now 35
we get happier every time we see you! We love making burgers for you
Yes Nix!...let's go Bombers!
I nominate J. Lately for the #BayAreaFreshmen10 Class of 2012
Mumford & Sons on repeat all day
#NP Rick Ross - Bag Of Money
Aw shoot....I live by Google Translate.
You mad ? ; Stay mad ; Witcha mad ass.
#DCPS buses on the road. I wish a great first day to teachers, students, and admin.
Just finished re seeding a lawn that keeps disappearing. I'd have that landscaping thing down, if only it was supposed to resemble dirt!!!
Hello there. I'm great, thank you for asking!
Avenue 50 Studio featuring Linda Vallejo show "Make 'Em All Mexican" beginning 5/14. More info at www.avenue50studio.com
thank you ;P
Is having the scheduled match between & 's #ExtremeRules happening too soon?
Never a dull moment when goes on vacation...
Wait, what? The NBC cancellations have been leaked? Where?
We're having a play party, only wish there were a pool!
Hit me up practice from 6-8
Running 13.1 in the morning. Wish me luck!
omg yes the pelvic US is the worst they pressed right in my bladder not cool!!!
everyone loves cheeseburgers...
thats what i say when you dont go! :( im sorry.
Follow for their latest news, events, and gatherings
Breitbart lies.....dead!
Thanks. Wasn't meaning to tell you off about a + button but was just thinking I should do more googliness. Does anyone use +?
I c someone is a player hater lol
how much were your front row 1D tickets?
Might be mine too. RT : Glad you enjoyed it. It's right now, my favorite super hero movie of all time right now.
They make those Krispy Kreme donuts small so it takes a dozen just to get full!
2 days in a row I go to the K just to see the Royals blow it late in the game
How many charging calls is that for Melo in the series?? Ridiculous.
Viewing the real estate industry growth it's clear that Reno apartments are demanding more quality Reno property management services.
A new surprise every day...today it was a great morning quote from Max; "It's a beautiful sunny day today Dad! I love sunny days!"
Sorry for the delay, thanks for much - hope to see you back soon!
inspiration is self sustained within me. In other words, nah.
Right now just copy and paste into Google Docs for archiving- but in the market for a good automatic tool (prefer no pay!)
“: I admit, I really miss how things used to be. But I also admit, that I've accepted the fact that things changed.”
its sucking very much right now.
A class act on/off the field. RT "Retiring from the NFL is not a period, just a comma." Fred Taylor
Maurice Sendak... SO SAD! RIP
Suggestion for #IU12 , He and innovating online ads recognizing shift from page to activity-based media
Last night was such an epic show with at the hard rock in Hollywood. Thank you so much to everyone who came out. So much fun!
Today in 1996, Underworld hits #2 in the UK with "Born Slippy" from the 'Trainspotting' soundtrack.
2 finals down....one to go...then SUMMER!!
"sex aint better than love"
Adele might set fire to the rain.. But SpongeBob can make a campfire under water ...
if madison gets a girlfriend that isn't me ill cry
RT : Willow better be on his best behavior. Yes Gamecock
Inspiring talk by tonight celebrating the 15th anniversary of the !
The helpdesk is suggesting logging out and back in. If you still have trouble, try a msg to Help on bottom toolbar
S/O follow him and show love!
U go get ur friends, n il get my friends, n we can b friends throu this evry weekend
Moring all!! AAVG looking for a great week.... ASK has Thinned over last week
OMG!! School is almost over!!!
wait, this is so awkward , i didn't get a new DM from youu !
Any ?s RE: or anything else for &/or special guest co-host ? Tweet at us NOW!
when will PlayOn support playing videos from a NAS device? Mapped drives don't currently work...under Windows 7 as least.
I used to read but making stuff up is faster." — Scott Adams
Most household dust is made of dead skin cells.
Need a 5 Hr Energy, quick!
“: The London Olympics just called. They want me and my cats to do the opening ceremonies dressed as chimney sweeps.”
Math 366 midterm wasn't bad. Almost finished with these three days from hell.
Peaceful Christmas, from LPMR! Personal & Professional EMR-hand held.
Iv never been on a real date either :c
#ride2CW ROCKSTARS and made it on single speeds!
the only clock I spotted seemed to be spot on. Maybe someone got to it since you last saw it?
I know...this stuff is like rocket fuel.... I can't make it through the day without it!
Hope everyone is having an awesome Thursday!
Back in Richmond for second time this week;for Sorensen Institute program. Dinner program speaker is The Speaker, Delegate Bill Howell.
its unattractive if the other guy hates weed but if he loves it den u in luck
Getting ready for some brainstorming on a Friday morning at
Ima tat a M on each butt cheek, so when I bend over it says mom, and when I flip it says wow mom...
Isn't that a hoot?
Had a good time with hubby and son today. A lazy day of watching Hulu, laughing and his yummy cooking.
comes and goes by greg laswell<3
make sure you have the cheese curds at old fashonied. and make sure you get there early.
Time to clean the apartment, then go to the library, study French, work on papers for FAFSA, and who knows what else the day brings. :)
be safe my dude. Enjiy
here we go, here we go! They have playef better, we though ate ready to score. # sportingkc
It's my night off. I am usually there on Thursdays! I will be around though. Are you stopping in?
Why not have a DH in both leagues? Tired of watching pitchers attempt to hit/bunt.
Hooray!! Reaching 80th follower. Yes, 80 not 8000! :-) Quality not quantity. 80th will receive a big shout out! Will that be you?
Lynch throws props to the Junior Seau Foundation
you brought this upon yourself.
Up grinding field work weight room cowboy nation CWO C
Back state side chillin with mr deblasis
with humbleness, I thank you. If you want to purchase, I ship as well.
I do a lot of both..,
Posting an "eww, geeks are icky!" article on a geek-centric site seems like trolling for that exact response to me.
I hate DE but it almost would have been better if she chose Damon. At least that would have been different instead of the same recycled SL's
After updating to iOS 5.1, my iPhone says 4G in the status bar.
RT CNN reports Japanese Gov't formally requests US help. You can help too: Text REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $10. Pls RT
> #www.genosbadgerweddings.com :)
Papers for English...
u should've kept napping, ppl in L.A. having nightmares rite now! #clippers still a young team tho. Future looking bright!
Getting hyped up for the white out on Friday.
A little tipsy eating at Olive Garden with the rents. Surprised they haven't noticed hahaha
My dinner so far has consisted of peanuts and bottled water.
bunch and I was like ooohhhh yeah. I knew a lot of those. Haha I also only knew Dublin for Irish towns.
yeah! we had our last meeting there and I was pleasantly surprised. the sweet potato fries were phenom.
I <3 how I feel like the parent, cause my mom is at training for her new job, and my dad sits on his Ass!Blaming my mom for shit
some guy literally spit on my shoe today and i didn't even know him. yup, he seemed like a pretty nice person.
An old man with a walker yelled, "I like your hair" as I walked into the gym. #i'vestillgotit
Just found two old Celtics game day publications, One autographed by Antoine. GIDDY.
yes, the waiting game...good luck!
Banking groups challenge Colorado right-to-foreclose ballot initiative
yo I just sent my email, check ya dm... let's work !
I have to work at 7am why am i still up.
i just wanna go to the UK with my friends and go to milkshake city and have a jolly good time lol
RT None of my ex can compare to my next :*.. ..whoop!
Thank you so much! Hope you had a great weekend- still getting used to all of this Twitter stuff. Any tips?
A fun filled night of online government is starting now...
I think i should go lift before work. I know this will back fire tho
If you'd like to register for a casting director #workshop then either call, msg on here or email
Oh ok. Let me get in the house and I'll hit u rite back.
Thanks! Will do!
: Gnite sweetheart get u sum beauty rest
Add textbooks of classes that you might take in college. Don't have to be the exact ones.
Q3d So be first to break news to your community! Let your social community rely on you to curate the news!
Tomorrow is a big day!
Have a great weekend ACC'ers! God Bless, and be safe!
Forever Young makes me wanna cry.
Today, God allowed me to spend 4.5 millions in production cost. And 1 million in setup cost.I have never spent much money on myself before.
It's gonna be a junk food weekend for me people! I've got cupcakes on the brain from looking at 's Pictures!!!
Sometimes my curly hair makes me wanna go bald >_<
Wonderful reading tonight with et al...can't wait for what's next!
:) see! i'm good for something
Heat is just Hate misspelled. Go Bulls.
everybody check out my song titled "sometimes" its a personal favorite and it really describes some of the stuff that be on my mind...
Some random guy at the gas station paid for my coffee this morning :)
Thanks for the tips, ladies! So far I've identified the builder, who's still in business. Left a VM. Library is next!
thanks:] Hope to see you in New York.
AGREED. Watch the one on SMU: "The Pony Excess." Best one I've seen. I'm having a hard time w/BoSox and then Steinbrenner...
Dogs do not have sweat glands so they pant to keep cool. Be aware of your pets , how would you like to be wearing a fur coat in this heat.
I wld really love to meet in like real life time like im in live with yhu
Goodluck on your finals tomorrow! can't wait to see you 2!
Theme of our unbelizeable adventure...
Waiting on my mama at ha shop, so she can do my hair!!!!!!
B/c it's #NFLDraft welcoming a good friend to the Twitterverse even if she is a fan!!!
lol sorry :b
Jump on my #FF. Please follow a new twitter-tri-biz owner-nice dude-friend-speed demon on the bike/run.
Apparently I look awful in black dress pants. I thought this was the case, but it was confirmed by all the comments I received tonight.
The difference between having less and having more is the challenge you decide to conquer.
I ain't bout to entertain that shit on twitter thats all a fool want is sum attention but this who people respect? terrible
your music helped me get through the shitfest of finals! But it also helped me gain this wicked hangover! Ha!
yeah, going to be fun! Thanks for RT'ing :)
Just terrible turnovers plaguing the ducks
Go Occupy
I wonder what the actor making it thought when they did it
Mass. Alimony Reform Law Goes Into Effect Today. Are you currently receiving alimony? Were you expecting to for life?
When are you coming back to Dallas?
Thanks for following, Stephen!
On my way to my last game of this season..dreary day but let's still get this W.
yeah. The imperial march phase lasts a while. For my daughter right now it's Christmas songs. Especially nutcracker and Rudolph.
Today is #WhyILoveMuseums day! What do you love about museums? What do you like most about LBMA?
I miss you mucho babe!! <3 :)
Omg my bed. Thank you tiny baby don't even know a word yet Jesus. Another fun day tomorrow!
YES!!!! RT : GOBAMA! RT : ABC News: Obama officially affirms gay marriage support
Teacher: Would you like to share that with the class? Me: Obviously not, that’s why I whispered it.
: I moved back to cedar hill
it's ok! Glad I was able to get the word out!
forrealz doe. “: like seriously though when are you coming to Miami?!”
I have to move forward with my life so I need ppl that are moving in the same direction..not trying to pull me back.
your icon is my life, haha
time to mix my drink so i can BARE real housewives of new jersey.. im going to drink every time they say teresa's name
Going to school. :/
got home from the meet and went straight to babysitting. I'm falling asleep faster than the kids...
Lol! Thanks for the pass! and explaining it was a Star Wars reference- they still never told me! Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
The mac n cheese, cornbread and greens ARE BOMB! I went last month with and he just had a bullshit waffle. :-p
Congrats for being the #1 NYC Sales Brokerage Firm for the 10th consecutive year!
Enjoying the warmth of the house while listening to/watching the freezing cold wind. *Grateful*
Thanks for the support!
If you listen closely Rick Santorum can be heard doing play by play commentary in the Zapruder film
#xdlab it's magic: 8 to 10 a.m. at Translator on Tuesdays and Thursdays
This flight is so early I had to set my alarm for a time that is occasionally the time I go to bed.
I was gonna get a Jag but ima get a Prius instead
Note to self: I'm doing the impossible this week!
Good read but WAY off on the score - Go !
Hoping Mother Nature is prepared to go back to spring when May rolls around. I think April was a bust.
RT #timbus student or intern position in #digitalpreservation of business processes at SAP Research Zürich http://...
Thought iPhone was a smart,my shit misspelling words that I've spelled correctly from the jump
Sadder than Six Feet Under?
I love that people are liking it too haha.
KEY TO SUCCESS: “Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.” -
I'm loving your music :) When you come back to Cali we should write a song together!!
-'`eatinqq some omelets -_- very DELICIOUS! [yummy]
My mom yelling on the phone (-__-)<<<<< lol
Love how Lebron plays hot potato just there
Oktoberdest=massive amounts of beer
I want a good girl
The splendor of the King, Clothed in Majesty, Let all the earth rejoice, Let all the earth rejoice.
Happy birthday boo !
I like how you list "ginger" as the very first thing in your profile :)
they all sexy ;d
that one friend that can make everything better just by the way they talk
Thanks for checking-in Amy! What did you get?
I miss my long hair
So I'm screwed either way!
Everyone please go follow please. She's so cool and loves 1D <3
It didn't.
Finding the Right Drug Treatment Program | Drug Abuse Reviews
Congratulations to Dana Schon on being named Professional Learning Director for the School Administrators of Iowa.
Order up your food, from the Ambassador. Our drivers are so fast, you'll think they have a flux capacitor. (Google it ;)...
The yanks took the series and Robby looked great at the plate
A Year In The Making.... One more hour. COME ON.
Welcome to IEPPal's new twitter account. Thank you for following.
The southside is loving the new DB #PINKMOSCATO! Stop by United Liquors in Country Club Hills for a bottle!
33 DVD's duplicated and printed... In the hour!! Time for bed...
Hi there! :D
I caught giving head to a homeless man in exchange for aluminum cans
Great start rangers... But we need more
Oh My God from Kingdom Come
Where have you Been !??
<<<Coming to Harlem World to cook rainbow trout and stuffed shrimp and mushrooms....where u at?
Q: What are the odds that the Journal Sentinel will run a front page headline treating Walker's magic jobs numbers seriously? A: 100%
Sorry I'm late but, HELL YEAH!!
Im so bored
providence iS completely silent right now.
doing great!!! Thanks for asking!! Have a wonderful day!
So gloomy today...
oh it was like 5 years ago. i remember that some were oddly worded, or that some of the questions didn't address certain issues
#ThingsMoreLikelytoHappenThanStoglinPlayinginNBA: Kim Kardashian will join the Convent.
GmG's new single :D sometime tonight.
What a moment VIP backstage with At Escapade Dallas TX.
Was in the neighborhood where the "Keith Urban" show is happening tonight. Apparently he's a "big deal." So is "herpes."
Just got back from the local green home business meeting. Helping with web presence.
“: Redefine yourself. Leave in 2011 all pain and frustation, face 2012 with your heart full of strenght” yes.
where is that. I dont understand this techy stuff
I'm so excited for tonight.
Filled out my first NCAA bracket ever, based on no knowledge of college ball whatsoever...and chose Syracuse to win it all.
I swear I can't wait for school to be over, cause I'm tired of people waking me up! Last two weeks, thank god!
I just bought a new phone and I love it
Hope you enjoy that $1 meal :)
Louisville Coach wakes me up & we have a great convo. I'm motivated even more now. Cardnation!
What a shot Mr.Kuric!
Still a Jordan Fan
Thanks for another great article in The Networker. Always good info and insight.
Question, Do you play any other games besides COD?
Almost time for #iQ WOO:D
Are you moving here?
RT : once again, a woman stopped me when i'm wearing a purchase. i need SS/ business cards!
Save the world.. In the same font letters of the limited time wristband
Northbound Martin Luther King Blvd is open. Southbound is still closed.
For an affordable elegant touch to your HOA, try landscape lighting. Also, try using solar lights to save money on running cables & power
You're welcome!
Who does Aaron Garcia think the best quarterback in AFL History is? Himself. Nothing against that. The man is an legend
- thanks Tony! We're working on some things here and will be reaching out to our customers over the next few weeks.
no yours is much worse
I do what I do to win
I am sure OZ would be proud! :)
Trying to recover from this meat coma at
sounds like a well balanced day. Hope that leads to a good Monday! Enjoy your week.
I still remember that day u asked us for help i gave you that push...and now he won't say hello
"It's only words... unless they're true."
I swear to God I'm gonna kill my sister's baby daddy! I might be getting married from a jail cell this weekend instead of on the river!
Bra, kick Mike's ass! He is always trying to get you in trouble!
if you think taking a picture of yourself and putting in a little book is facebook you might be a digital redneck!
A 93 WAS possible, but I totally didn't make that.. Here's to having a B in German! :(
Can't believe #football tix are sold out for Saturday's game ! I should have gotten my season tickets ..ugh
when will you get your phone back?! i have so much to tell you. like SO much.
Also teaching is diff than other profs My son's worst teacher was another kid's best
Watching "'s Off Their Rockers." Fucking hilarious! Love the elderly people. :)
Cleaning up my twitter stream a bit, had a lot of people that no longer tweeted.
Plc is a god send
MTRT : Heartland invited me to debate skeptic , I declined due to a conflict if I accepted, would cancelafter new ad campaign
yeah kourtney is my fav too. But I'm still your fav half armo right?
Merry Christmas everyone
": I go to sleep thinking about you, and I wake up thinking about you. What don't you understand?"
1) The def is the general scouting one. I was just applying Greinke to that standard. KG has nothing to do w/ it directly.
well shoot! Then I owe you tickets to another game. Or I can visit again soon which would be just as exciting as the unc game!!
not from the stage btw(he peaked out the curtain bf the show..it was literally a glance)
Is bringing sexy back? Tonight at 9p I interview the Chicago-area doctor who introduced the anti-cellulite treatment.
": Time for a sweep." Like the sound of that
hi claire!
Oh fuuuu. Not good.
Some of you hoe's be fuck'n with lil niggaz think'n they big dawgz buhh they just a puppy
Getting ready listening to Moment 4 Life. Seriously such a good song! Hoping for a Icicle Dust/Nicki Minaj collab in the future!
Congrats, guys! Sorry I couldn't make it to the shoot. Next time!
we are too. Thank you!
#HonestTweet I wanna go in the mud put again with out the running shit..
Show stresses me out. Can't take it. RT : I recorded 10 hours of hoarding today this show
hahaha yes this may be true or perhaps it would just make the time go by faster ;)
yes that was in Maui over by the dragons tooth. :)
And the excuse you gave was that it was the only way to remember their name but u called out their name before I answered????
Hopefully it's there. Great way to follow your team without spending big$ or switching to Direct TV. Fun to follow for FFL too.
thats because none of them are from brooklyn
if u got any u can stop by tomorrow around 4. I got the house this weekend
never so muthafucken deep
okay garrett nickelsen is such a perfect human being, why can't there be guys like him at my school?
sure may not read tonight. Was just going to bed but will tomorrow. Nice meeting u :)
Best album for Born This Way!! But who gives a fuck it's the PCAs
Im So Extraordinary :) <3
Happy birthday. :]
“: dude always inspired to see your creations and those of your great stylist.” same to you! Thank you
Get your Ludacris tickets! Still on sale at the Hub, $20, mezzanine level tickets. Concert is next Tuesday at 730 PM at the House of Blues!
Did You Know? Dry Smoke Residues - Result from fast burning fires at high temperatures.
it froze
no i just got finished talking to her and she want to talk to me tonight on oovoo.she a really cool person.:)
It's good to see you're using Twitter the right way.
This is really preparation for Prometheus.
No, lol wow Jacob. you misunderstood this whole thing.. Lol I am gonna shut up now. :)
would u rather he hug you? Bwahahah
it took my 2 years to get 69 followers, but only a couple months to get 200 more.
": Ha! i tried my SIU best...now wheres ....Not ur "SIU best" lol! This baby is still in my tummy 7 weeks to go!
Spaghetti Thursday tonight. $3.50 for a heaping plate of spaghetti with meat or vegetarian sauce. Check it out, fans!
catching rays
*Slays sleep monster*
Hey moms, be ready to try different sizes/brands of bottles/nipples. Consider bottles designed to limit swallowed air.
Thanks to all who participated in today's CampusHelp User Group! To learn more, please contact or DM us here!
yea it was, loved when the background was changing colors. the spotlight will be on us!
my theatre was lame!!
Watching alcatraz...good stuff...
when we're u Dx'd ? On any treatment?
I like fb better my opion my change tho..
Corey brewer OWNS the lake show.. Game 1 down 16 last year
Stomp off to your room then, bigot, and cry about how ur being "abused"
That feeling when you realized you put your skinny jeans in the dryer.....
didn't know there was one for the locals.
: Can we have Chana masala at our CHICKPEA party(TM)?!
Listening to on WOW does this bring back the memories. Good times, good times . . .
RT - #EvenIfYouPaidMeIWont ever like the new england patriots
and I'm ready to woop somes ass from seymour
Didn't "eat" lunch to be over... typo or sign of how much you enjoyed it haha?
I don't want to know what you are listening to.
Today was the first commute into work on my revamped single-speed Schwinn Le Tour from Two Wheels. It was like riding on air...
I WISH Y'ALL COULD SEE MY DMs. THESE MUTHALUVVAS IS SICK....I'm going thru my monthly DM DELETION and woah.
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit. -Andrew Carnegie
Next session: Social Media Technology Innovation.
I'm having trouble being productive because my feet are so cold. ; _ ;
I suppose if women can wear things to flatter their boobies men should be allowed to wear things that flatter the junk. But they shouldnt
hey friends of 710! is working on a new multiple-sectional work to #PhilipGlass, and auditioned more
Bogut has been abusing Hawes all day!
It's kind of sweet, but I just LOVE it. Very raj.
damn im 14 o.o
congratulations on a great day! It's the first of many great events to come!
Out to breakfast before I take Mom to the airport :(
If I've observed all the rules, I'd never have gotten anywhere.
Ariel Luckey in 303 is about to begin "exploring white privilege and US history through theater, hip hop, new Free Land Curriculum Guide."
Good morning. I'm getting ready to write a book review...Hope you know it's Tuesday and not Monday. The holiday mixed me up.
he gave us that penalty one time and we threw it in the trash! I'm doing great! You're just as gorgeous as ever!
i love your love !
you grew man hands? if only Hinske had caught it...
I just looked in my closet n said the same thing
President Obama & President Reagan join forces to put pressure on the extremely wealthy for fair share taxes - flusters Rush. - JDG
It's about that time to crack a cold one
Happy Friday and Happy Hour going on 4-6. Come by and relax for a bit.
Do you make for me a favor? can u wish for my mom happy birth day !! please.............
Heard a newscaster said "it was inspirement" Inspirement?!? Maybe he was just excited about the news....
As regular visits to remind, there's nothing on Earth like being a Red. Proud of our club & our fans today. Roll on August.
oh yeah that's right! The 11s have been so popular recently!
RT : last thirsty thursday with the portland beavers ever.
Way more compliments than I deserve. ;) Thank you. Loved your camera periscope.
I already want a drink!
You met a player, had kids then were dumped. Don't need to make a movie for that.
That's precisely what I'm saying.
Good for you, Congratulations!
NOTHING BRAH. How sha dowin? Haven't talked to u n ageesssssss :(
is stalking me as we tweet !
The inspector comes today :) PS I'm mad at Gretta. Let's get together this weekend please!!
& it was so much fun even though I got really dizzy
Rick Lee and the Night Owls this Friday at 9pm.
Even Castles made of sand, fall into the sea, eventually. - Jimi Hendrix
Doing great things RT Although thr is the fact tht oh, just, you knw...3 weeks until I'm in Africa. To live. For 2 yrs. Oh my.
BOL you should be nice cause im nice hehe :)
'Pirates Of The Caribbean' Stunts, Effects And Other Secrets Revealed!
I learned from this that I'm pretty sure I need a Chiweenie.
lucky ugh i'm supposed to be doing my latin project oops
Sorry Adam you can't win!
it's almost that time!
RT : Do you use your comm'l printers design services? Take this wk's poll, bottom of printbuyersinternational.com
Ready to serve you this Small Business Saturday. Dbl Punch Drink is Pumpkin Spice Latte. Moving Sale 10-30% OFF Everything in the Store!
Have resisted the urge to buy the tabloids w/Teen Moms on the cover. For now...
Cool, sounds like u are qualified for that task of being a judge, enjoy! :)
Your fucking what? 40!? Shouldn't you have better things to do than spread rumors around town about a 16 year old!?
Let ur passion be PURE...What profits a person 2 gain fame but lose focus, gain notoriety but lose notability, gain riches but lose respect
Happy pi day. Especially at 1:59 and 26 seconds
And Friday is here I'm gonna make it Last forever
San Diego, California Weather :: 65F A FEW CLOUDS: 65F A FEW CLOUDS
Call this number. just call it. 719-266-2837
Mizzou's Kim English just said "Come on, Joe Lunardi, give us a number 1 seed--no conference losses". I agree.
I feel you! It's a shame that so many people are forced to work with non-boosted data all mixed in with other data.
Headed over to to start prepping for our anniversary party
Thanks for following me!
So happy to read that the hype and awesome reviews for "The Avengers" is all focused on Joss Whedon!
Reading that shit was like being psychoanalyzed.
for me, it's coupons/discounts for online shopping :)
This is great.
What a difference a day makes. I love dealing with honest straight forward people and businesses.
This headache is brought to you by the makers of Tylenol. Good gracious.
I saw youu walking in the rain, you were holding hands and id never be the same
Its been long time since I felt like this
what a shitty game. I'm sitting next to a Cards fan.
heh. I don't think I've REALLY been using Twitter until just recently... I got it all pimped out with the TweetDeck/Twhirl combo now.
Just got off of work..i got to be back at work in the morning i got to case my paper...more money more money..
I wish I was British, if just for the accent.
Right back atcha, Elizabeth!
you and hager send me the pictures from Saturday nigh lol all of them! I must see them .. ohgod. That was fun.
working/filming till later tonight...I'll hit you up then
#love is how you stay alive
drama day
says the guy with a ring from 1990, still have your "George Bush Sr pin too?
RT They're selling T-shirts in Pittsburgh with images of Tiger Woods and Ben Rothliesberger with the caption: "Dumb and Dumber"
You finished it - yay! :)
Damn dey done got Bin Laden hell naw
KISS crew took a road trip to Jemez Springs Bath House today......best massage in years
Happy Monday everybody!
Wait a minute? Since when did Bristol Palin become a "Star"? You gotta be kiddy me! Well one more show that I'll never watch again.
Bruce Lee~ True refinement seeks simplicity.
That's so random. I know of a gas station in San Antonio,too, where you can get Chinese food to go. Really took me by surprise
congrats Alec Baldwin with your girlfriend
Michael Jordan still got his hoop earring in
you're on my mind all day and night...
Get smart about the college of your choice. Bunker Hill University has 3rd shift classes when are always filled.
I thought about D Will as I typed it but Paul is a better teammate. D Will made Jerry Sloan retire so he lose stripes for dat
Good day art world! I am really looking to connect with architects and interior designers on eco friendly and green projects for my work!!
Merry Christmas to all who celebrate!!!
Camera Obsura is my soundtrack for this afternoon.
We rock bacon on hand sandwiches.
text me, girly! We need to talk! :)
Please learn how to use email And STOP hitting reply ALL. I have gotten 20 emails in the last hour that have nothing to do with me
Caribou lou
at least i get the ball more in the bench than you playing lmao
I just told a female the less you talk the better you look!! Lmao
Thank you to everyone who came out last night. Wasn’t the Fibich Quintet wonderful?!
Dear Karma, I really hate you right now, you made your point.
If I never hear about the 2004 super bowl ever again in life it will be too soon
Night to my Angel Jay...
#floggingmolly is the order of the evening.
Yup! Big adjustment for me, but it's rewarding to get more done, and also be able to enjoy the day!
NBA Basketball Star & Philanthropist Dikembe Mutombo has joined our Celebrity Advisory Board. Check out his great nonprofit org. www.dmf.org
"God Doesn't Roll Dice" Albert Einstein
we Turned Up!! Who's tha coldest Manager/Marketing Director?
How does Bynum not get a call under there...
We had a great day working with yesterday and we're excited to bring all the creativity back to the salon today!
so you're golfing now? LOL Just had to say that. Made me giggle for real
Island of the Blue Dolphins, My Side of the Mountain, and Robinson Crusoe were my favorite books when I was a kid.
A surprising author perspective on the case for Amazon. A new player in the ring with ?
No one has a right to adopt - The Guardian
Think I need to get out of the DC area; contemplating on moving to Cleveland, OH.
Editing all the pictures we took today of the new AllCrowns hats!
#hth2012 "Open" means different things. Open does not just mean a data fire-hose, but caring about larger impacts
I just saw 2 hummingbirds humping...what a beautiful world
Playing words with friends I'm addicted lls!!!!!!!!
lobster salad, lobster taco, yellow tail, black cod, rock shrimp, bento box! A must on every visit!! MY FAVORITE!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Brutal stuff.
That dog nearly had me.” chanel outlet uk | E-Tech-World
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust20
The keg is tapped to start my 5th decade on your planet. Come on over.
stick a fork in the #tribe as they are done, traded half the farm system for at best a #4 starter only becasue we have the head case fausto
Last couple weeks of school. Praise the lord (((:
When #oomf calls to just say I love you. >>
Best anniversary present ever!
A good software professional is an entrepreneur, an effective communicator, an innovator, a leader, a mentor, a student and a
I feel a little bit better after that phone call.
yes. Unapologetically. Yes.
Sign up now for Racket Sport Saturday: 2-5pm on court 6!
I said the same thing but once I started watching it I couldn't stop.
I just love depositions where witness and counsel speak clearly and don't interrupt each other
Had a great day thanks. Hope your having a nice Boking day!
Tour the Saint Francis Chapel with Ken Kramer in this clip from his show, "About San Diego!"
would either of you be interested in going to prom with Kenny Tenzca?
I am determined to grow my hair this summer
:D RT : In my day we had to use plastic hippos for our "Hunger Games".
I just want to watch the "high school musical" movies and eat yogurt...
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
Thanks, I love your iconic look and illustrative quality!
i want it
Same here Laz. Good luck with all the cool things you, and #EqualLogic r doing. Keep it real out here :)
Great site!
poetry for the illiterate, inspiration for the jaded.
San Francisco Creates Green Leasing Toolkit for Commercial Buildings
C My Marketing Tool Ucan Take ur TVShow2 MassMarkets C www.Video-TV-Email.com CLive-Web-Demo 8:15pm est www.connieislive.tv
We're freebasing TEA
Q: What do Robert Coles, Tracy Kidder,& Norman Mailer have in common? A: All 3 matriculated at Harvard. #Giveaway!
je veux aller a Paris... s'il vous plait? #ispeakfrench .... Well i try to speak french ;)
Wishing the happiest birthday ever!
Are you gay?
We would like to welcome the association of Cambridge Jones photography to Kppreventsandmarketing. Visit cambridgejones.com
Brought the #tenzingtasting crowd to Big Star.
Working #dogs or herders such as border collies are often muscular, good tempered, and well behaved
Hard at work writing new songs...
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Congratulations! We love Apple Products - they make life so much easier!
Jealousy can be healed but it takes attention, intention and the desire to change
Thanks for that link. I like the OneS. They said the SIII will have an even bigger screen so that turned me off right away.
Goin to pick up my bro itx ben so long!
Anyone playing the new Angry birds 'Space'?
Glad to hear sexism is good for something.
One the one hand, it tells us only about SF, not all of California. But getting the paperwork right is important.
haha - good one
you never get too old for peanut butter & banana sandwiches for
RT : Today's the last day to see "Coraline" in 3D? Drat. I'm going to miss it. Lame, lame, lame...
Wade's basketball IQ is the second worst on the team. Literally goes without saying who's first
Sounds too good to pass up! RT : Chris' Marketplace will have gazpacho today at Penn Quarter FFM!
Boarding the ferry to Victoria today with a too-big borrowed bike, ready to explore the island & learn GIS at
#birthday happy super bowl kelly's birthday sunday :)))))))
What if I don't even want to?
so glad to hear it! Enjoy over and over again
It's actually a huge pain point for me that most incident and breach metrics are of questionable value for an airport.
Yes sir!! RT : THURSDAY NIGHT Vanity Nightclub Las Vegas
yeah I'm thinking the same thing ^^ but I won't for a lil bit still
Dish soap --> things more interesting than my friends' Facebook updates
you'll see it one day. They have commercials with a guy always putting his foot on a barrel
Wow...the crash at today's #Indy race in Vegas may be the worst crash I've ever seen. Thoughts go out to drivers involved. On #ABC now.
": We've had positive reviews from just about everyone who's thrown one."less effort more distance...crazy feel...
I've definitely slept long enough.... Doesn't mean I wanna get up, though.
a star with like swirls and stuff idk hard to explain. Under my collar bone. Haha but yaa I got it done wend. Soo yaa lol
Yes! I think the same
I'm trying to watch Key Largo but my brain won't stop singing that damn Bertie Higgins song. Send help.
I think I'm going to dye my hair magenta after graduation. Hm.
All orders received today will be sent out first thing tomorrow. Still 3 uses left on our #bogo promo!
How did it go? Give is the real scoop?
Every time I hear the new McDonalds chicken bites commercial, it honestly sounds like "chicken butts."
Hey Infiniti Owners...Did you know that we offer an Exclusive Valet Service for clients who purchased their Infiniti at Infiniti of Denver.
I'll know some girls want to be like me but they cant..FUCKK ALL MY HATER'S OUT THERE
Wow, the #Canucks are playing like they *really* want that Stanley Cup! Oh, wait...
can you PLEASE tweet the audio of the news report on police officer 69??? HILARIOUS!
IBM launches Mobile Foundation enterprise application platform at Impact 2012
i texted it atleast 100 times :)
I know! I checked and rechecked before I realized it's really Friday and corrected myself! ...Been a hectic week! Sorry. :)
well not a kings fans, but wouldn't want to be on the wrong end of that. Don't poke the sleeping bear.
who, me?
- In retrospect, I think you'll agree you could have handled it better. I am a progressive and think the story is bs also.
Giants get former USC Trojan LB Keith Rivers from the Bengals. :)
