I don't want to get over her, I want her back.
The feeling is mutual!
#someonewhomeansalottome is not just one person its all my clients; they make this job worth doing!
what is a #LYLAS?
RT : Remind me how this is "exceptionalism" again?
Follow all the latest news on the theatrical movie "16-Love" I worked on, it's going to be HUGE!!!
Most wx models still indicate 1"+ rainfall totals by the weekend across immediate area. Area creeks and streams will cont to rise.
thanks! I will start doing it! :)
Good fight. Mayweather won.
My #FridayReads? 3 fantastic books with "blood", "bone", "smoke", & "shadow" in the titles... It's just quite confusing
First thing Ryan Fitzpatrick is going to say to Vince Young when he arrives in Buffalo -- one word: Wonderlic.
Haircut imminent!
Blue raspberry flavored Four Loko is nasty!
What cha say
happy mothers day, you did an amazing job with :)
can you ping at ecooper at our URL?
Your Father knoweth what things you have need of before you ask Him. - Matthew 6:8
Anyone pick Lehigh over Duke? Heather "Lehigh" Dearinger did.
I got hooked on blackberry's (phone) !!
Was a great season...we still love our team!
Baby let's live a little. Cause it's Friday night. :)
Great work out, now Protein
thx! countdown to Atlanta 2012 has officially begun! SO EXCITED
I am!!! I say we plan another city wide costume contest. HA!
Please see my answer on to: In eviction, if tenant fails to respond, is UD-116 necessary? -...
you have to watch it all the way through! It's not about hitler.
#LarrySpeaksTheTruth RT : My prediction: #Moon colony will have 2 Senators & 1 House Rep. before D.C. does.
is on stage, i love everything <3
i just want it to be summer, be really tan, be on weapon line, and love my job instead of being nervous about it.
Work out with
Diamonds & Pearls Couture boutique is having our Valentine's Day Sip & Shop 2/11/12 12pm to 6pm exquisite clothing & jewelry.
srsly I have to write a final paper for my feminist theory exam, on masculinity & feminism and OMG THIS PAPER
It's funny how one girl can make my day amazing thanks babe
Having lived around military bases my whole life, I gotta say, the Army and Fort Hood need to get better at soldier outreach.
You okay?
CHAIRLEADERS, is GG starting back up in the fall? Or Spring? I've heard both.
I'm on the same page! Hanging with my mom all weekend and I'm legit praying I don't go crazy! Lol
- Awesome! I'm going to call you tomorrow if my session ends at a reasonable time.
You know youre a hater when all you do is hate on my team
Love you always, love you still, always have, always will.
d'oh!
Just taped a Psa for "my hope for children"
I take 3 weeks off from #blackjack and now doesn't have $15-25 stay-on-17 BJ anymore?! #WTF y'all?!
I found myself secretly smiling to myself, but then I realize it was because of you.
Back pain study helps sufferers improve with targeted treatments
awww haha she's growing up :(
I think it's the combination of his cheekbones, his eyes and his voice.
Time for witness Tree Project Panel, after a very awesome National register workshop
#HipHopEd () ...with your assistance/clean the mess up from the sloppy/come see #HipHopEd for the new Niggerati
Heredity may play a part in the development of women’s hair loss; however, it is not really necessary
thanks for the follow
chris followed me omgmg
people that drag their feet!
We're thrilled with another SalesTouch install today. In OC this wkend? Suggest stopping by Augusta in Tustin to interact!
Training for a race or looking for a fun route to run? Join us along the canton waterfront tomorrow morning 9am Starbucks Canton!
i missed u u big head fool
yes! It's amazing!
Wow I am honored to be an inspiration to YOU, who has taught me so much & inspired me in ways u will never know
CNN's introduction of 2012 GOP Primary coverage, like sports, does a great job of creating suspense.
Let's go Caps.
I think I just heard loud "bangs" and a car engine. #driveby ???
Long to-do list today...
If you want to see me on TV I'll be on "We The People" with Gloroa Allred on 2-3-12 from 2pm-3pm on Channel NBC-4
I know by the end of tonight, you don't have to look up at the stars. And I know if the love is alright, you won't look up at the stars.
how low do you want to go? Top $$ is making record profits
I was wondering how long it would take for that phrase to come up :) Of course, really holds its down...
Good idea! I think there's a children's book in that...
Yes! That would be so awesome!
pondering adding a contest to the next installment. With a near impossible question, that only I know the answer to!
HELL is real. You do know that right?
good times! sorry i missed you on saturday. didn't go in after all.
Lol IDK! #inappropriate I was dying at my desk...god what you I do without you to make me almost pee my pants on a daily basis?!
Doubt me all you want but I'm gonna be greatness
Parcheesi? Cricket? I don't know lol but something
When did Mike Wallace become Dwight Stone?
i'm thinking you might need to find a Germanic nickname for Jacobs...
Was for the 1st time yesterday for private function amazing service
He was on his phone.
Thanks to everyone who came out to support our wonderful winners yesterday! We hope you enjoyed yourselves as much as we did!
¤ There is no safety in numbers or in anything else. James Thurber
Yes, we did.
be real yon then we wouldn't have the same issue every month. You want the bitch have her she fuck she suck
Ketchup is good with french fries and hamburgers. Some of my best friends are ketchup.
No one wanted to cook tonight apparently. The NPR Papa John's was slammed!
Yes, we the people have a voice, and yes it is being heard!!!!
enjoying a New Years weekend with friends and family!
I only watch the Lakers b/c Pau Gasol looks like my little brother Kris.
Yes, Isai Chacón can be contacted through www.flamencura.org. He's awesome!
Put your best foot forward and the other foot will follow suit.
So tempted to buy the Nike+ FuelBand. Only drawback is price. , help convince me! Any current users have feedback?
Same. That panel you were on was fun to watch. Almost felt like a nerd version of The View.
#IWantSomeoneWhoWill look at my face , not boobs . -_-
I want to see Boston and Philly go to game seven and continue to play basketball like they have been. Good, fast and intense basketball.
Elizabeth along w/ Eldzier Cortor were the last of our 20th century modernists. She was a Phenom, Giant & Extraordinary Woman.
Awesome #thesingoff show tonight! What was your favorite song?
arthur blank, please buy the thrashers. and you better do it fucking quickly because they have 1 and 3/4 feet out the door.
Awesome Matt, congratulations!
They told me they were. I believe everything the #UniontownHotties say
RT : Many of you have asked Qs about 's 2050 RTP. Here's a quick guide. Note #streetcars on pg 4; walk/bike pg 6....
Well, looks like I've got myself a stalker. This will be fun.
thanks buddy!
I would have wine
College Football Predictions: Early game Wash St @ Oregon; Oregon - 35 and the under -69.5
I will play. (:
Its all about getting hot at the right time. Packers better watch out next week. The Gmen are playing well. Big win today.
is one of the many people I love seeing at robotics
How's that blog about moving to LA coming?
Tried to donate blood today but they had too many questions about where I got it.
reading my mind...talking about my purpose! Like minds unite
apparently I follow a lot of people...
Boundaries, please.
Every 60 seconds you spend upset is a minute of happiness you never get back!
Panel discussion featuring staff Timothy B., Dwan R., Kevin S., and special guest is beginning!
'I don't understand why my fans ask for a hug, like, i don't mind, just come and hug me! -Justin Bieber'.. Oh don't worry Justin, I WILL;)
first tweet from my new iPhone <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
how many truly good screens have you seen? Fly by whiffs drive me nuts. Read/adjust your set to beat their D
As a recent Drexel grad, I am interested in what you find re: that policy.
you need to slow down every once in a while sometmes,
3 more followers and we break 3,000!!! Come on #TeamOtenki, we're sure 3 of you have friends who aren't following us yet! They should!
I've NEVER looked up Justin Beiber or Tpain on youtube to leave a mean comment. You kids needa stop all that hatred.
Now you should spend an hour having a drink to celebrate 's birthday! Everyone is doing it, right ?
I need a fuckn history book D;!!!!!!!!
But then its gonna get dark and riding at night is scary lol ill go early in the afternoon one day when you dont work (:
We're so happy you liked it! RT : yep, I really like the pancake stuff :)
thanks! And can't wait to meet you either!
Colorful homework! Oh my teachers are going to hate me for this!
Happy weekend. Its a lovely day here in Anchorage. Sunny and 25. Perfect spring weather!
#Plantation shooting: police don't know victim's name. Find out what else has them scratching their heads. See you at 6:50
The weeknd puts me in a good mood,
Nice to see an Italian restaurant advertising their gyros. Pretty sure thats not an italian dish.
omg all the captions the app made during lunch are A+. so funny
Idol Row? Camden's Walt Whitman House neighbors the Ronald McDonald House
you go girl! Xo
Here in New Mexico we wear gloves while peeling roasted chiles.
thanks for the love
Modern Warfare 3, Y U NO Look any different than Modern Warfare 2?!
Hey Ninja Danni :D How's Are Ya? :)
Visit Booth LP7554 for 20% off on most small equipment through Super Systems & ask about Fast Grind Technology
No, no -- you're in there, I believe. (this one was held over from December, when it got put on hold for the Hon one.)
Hi! Found you via /staff. It's always nice to know who you're tweeting w/ on a corporate acct! :)
Thanks to for the #FF love.
Woop! Very exciting.
love love pomodoro!
Is this legit bc I'm thinking about it!
Besides, it's Cool!
Thanks for the RTs and
And if I pump for tales from Al's I ain't asking about sandwich prices.
There's an war going on. No more bickering boys!
If anyone is already bored with Obama and the end of the "War on Terror", tune in to NBC....to watch "Celebrity Apprentice" LOL!!!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles "Why do Fools Fall In Love"
GET READY!! GET READY!! GET READY!! 'OCCUPY JERICHO' Tonight 7:00 pm
warranted, you think? They're nice up here now but....
Exactly why I need to find out why, also need to select the same age group from Pew data to compare,
Callin in sick. 7-Up, chicken noodle soup here I come.
listen to the mix tape bro and et me know what u think....(link on profile)
whats new bro
Great post! My GGrandfather and some G-Uncles worked on the rural electrification and telephonification of Western KY.
I BELIEBE YOU ALL BEST BE FOLLOWIN !! ;)
UT's front page endorsement of Captain Carl--or The Pied Piper of San Diego--as we like to call him.. Is proof of their desperation.
can now repair cracks and chips in vinyl window frames using a vinyl weld -- Permanent and right!
did he add u
I would definatly have to say timessqaure.
Here's to the Directioners who buy magazines just for the One Direction posters.
Day off number two!! Spending the day with my baby :) don't need no one else
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :) 13
You should follow me back :) Happy Sunday Funday!
okay(: maybe I'll try.:D
Chard's on day 5 in the hosp, after sleeping in a hospital chair all week I can't even imagine sleeping in bed right now.
um. Umm um
too weird. Lol
haha sorry dude didn't see the other tweet, I would but I gotta he up early..what's the D die this weekend
Production | Imagining Meeting.. Stay aWake Let's go Let's Go!
Insert angry, tired tweet here
Looking for just one more theatre gig to fill up my 2010-11 Season Calendar. Any directors/dramaturgs looking for a FREE awesome assistant?
So I'm sitting alone in the dark .. When a cat brushes my foot & freaks me out . Yea, I just remembered I don't have a cat ..
Which ever one I can get done first.
What other free papers will want in at Roundy's supermarkets now that Shepherd Express is back on stands? New Pressroom Buzz.
Hunger Games trailer on tv
can we be friends again or
The nice thing about beards - they always keep growing :D Just be thankful the greys haven't started like me!
#chicultural2012 some ??'s for commish some ??s for the planners about the plan
Just as a life has a birth, growth, a peak, deterioration & death, as does a song, a single measure & even a single beat of a single measure
That's weird. I usually do not set any privacy settings. Invitation sent! Nice piece in Sophie.
Commercial breaks need to stop im tryin to watch a game!
I had the GC one but I lost the game when I got to the fire temple as a adult. Couldn't get the hammer I kept falling.
Weber, Out of the Dark. Aliens attempt to conquer Earth, face unanticipated challenges from pesky contemporary humans. Deeply satisfying.
I just finished a 2.62 mi run with a pace of 9'51"/mi and a time of 25:55 with Nike+ GPS.
Mark your calendars for ArtUnleashed starting 4/11 -sale of work from #UArts alums/faculty/students raises scholarship $...
What do you do when you have been hacked?
are you for real? I don't know if we can keep playing Words any longer.
now following... Ah guys contact me!
I believe itz femalez dat like makin dey self look bad or dumb!
Applied to like 10 places already trying to find a full time summer job
I wish I had the microwave in Spy Kids that instantly makes mcdonalds
Getting ready for a great Bakken Evening Out. Join us tonight from 5pm to 8pm for Mary Shelley and her monster. Free wine and appetizers!
Children will soon forget your presents. They will always remember your presence.
I said it last night, but if some of you were to see these things you said in like even a year or less from now, you would be so embarassed.
so is my boner!
thank u!!!
Ugh I'm mad
He's awful. I don't think he will be pitching anytime soon for the Tribe.
Congrats #UTK!! We came in 4th place for best local 4-year college in the newest !
Got a retweet from lights on my personal twitter, kinda made my evening, just thought I'd share...
It is in vain to expect our prayers to be heard, if we do not strive as well as pray. - Aesop
Congrats Creighton Prep first team to win back to back games in Class A championship round since 2000
I'm still trying to find the time to play with Camtasia Relay. But if I have questions, I'll be sure to ask!
Ahh... just crashed the downtown Marriott Hotel pool and jac. That place is paradise
DOI is a philosophical document, whereas Constitution is a contractual document.
in love with the new grey can. Why do I have to find this stuff out on the street? I'm so out of the loop.
when do you leave
you can text me or DM me if you need to talk or anything!
okay i know where. I'll wait by the doors
Thanks to Westlake Picayune for interest in doing a story on the Homeless Coach!
Getting my hair done today..
This year has been full of work but also full of joy...I am so grateful with God first and with all of u my Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter
Sometimes I feel as if I were living in an HG Wells novel. So says Dowager Lady Grantham.
"You've got a great heart. It's too bad some people can't be as considerate as you." My dad just said this to me. <3
Good Morning! If you're going to get up, you may as well
¤ Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves. Larry King
back to these slide shows BBT;)
Plotinus is only now becoming accessible. But few students read him directly. Ibn Arabi, Rumi, and Shurawardi continued the work
thank you for sharing your special event with us! Glad it went well. The paper has a facelift..check it out
not long now <3
#LilWayne tonight in the ATX! Giving away tickets courtesy of Robec Music Group Text 11SBVIP to 64842 for your chance to win!!!
Obsessed with my Apple products, thus my sudden resurgence into the world of twitter.
Creepy....im home alone and I got out of the shower and the bathroom door was open....
All I can say is thank you!
The only thing I'm doing this weekend is sleeping. And I swear if someone wakes me up, it's going to be ugly.
#youknowitsreal when no one else matters
The fool flipping wasn't even in step with the hot dogs. Bogus!
I hate distance. August please come faster.
holler. i'll get you a walker for your bday benjamin.
Take your life from the negative to the positive. You have it within you...
No, I did NOT win the Mega Millions Lottery. Trust me: if I did, you'd know it. And so would the rest of the world.
If somethings ment to be or ment to happen, dont force it. Let it come to you.
So fly - Childish Gambino
yess yess..today we play no games.. we work with anybody off top!
5 “Local” Search Engines You Should Be Targeting
This day started well and has continued to be wonderful all day. Love it.
I can't stay up... I'll pass right here. Goodnight Twitter
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> the laawwd , I'm waiting , <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> have a nice day <U+270C> see yah l8aa .
Super calm right now in Grafton
How does a blond spell farm? E-I-E-I-O
i can get u a background too
I'm completely amazed at all the dirty looks I get in my walks of life. Look, I'm a black dude, you've seen my kind before. Nothing new.
Thank you!
thank you. Have fun at the harlequins show!
Oh dayum hot guy up in here somebody kill me.
Hey Isaac! Great job singing AND dancing on COG! We loved it!!!
#speech I Think the Prez has lost his credibility. This last speech changes nothing. A lame duck prez he could prematurely become
Curious about something. Google "new homes in Dublin" and tell me the top 3 search results. Thank.s
SUMMER IS COMING FINALLY! Ordered my fashionable swim suit today!!!!!
Very proud of Alexis!
omge thnxx u made my night/day !!
that was big time
We going In Follow
Gutter&#39;s 3rd Annual Maryland Film Fest Picks | Fashion and Art ...
Full focus on #urbanvibe for the #JLO tv show today.
Wright Way Master Classes is excited for there upcoming SAN FRANCISCO auditions tomorrow for the upcoming Broadway Auditions Seminar - SF!!!
RECAP #2 - THE CHARGERS WIN 12, MAYBE 13 REGULAR SEASON GAMES!! RECAP #3 - THE BEARS GET WIN 9+ GAMES, LIKELY GET REG SEASON 10 WINS!
thanks. More to come.
For all those men who say "Why marry the cow when the milk is free" Well news flash we women say Why buy the whole pig for a little sausage
just keep talking to people :)
Security is the refusal of life.
Yeah, girl!
awesome! what game? (:
This is so fucking great on #ds106radio is making my day right now
In order of importance: 1) Binx has a new box to play in. 2) Liz bought a new vacuum cleaner.
God dosnt exsist you suck dick
Rawhide Ranch Family Camp, Feb. 10-12, 2012. Learn more about it at www.rawhideranch.com
Come to the TNF benefit show going on now! Bands, fashion show and tons more!!
Smartphone patent wars: Having the money to simply outlast competitors is one way to win... Smaller companies may not be able to.
omg proper want Austin to come to London so bad!x
Tonight's Special: House Ground Lamb Burger w/ Feta, Kalamata Olive Aioli, Mixed Greens, and Tomato w/ Choice Side!!!!
Trey You really should Make a DVD Series of Yo Music of you performing Live And Add #Anticipation 1 and 2 Inevitable EP.
#Oomf might just be the one to take me away from the game of pimpin
Need help finding a new job or bulking up that resume? Make an appointment for the Job Center One on One Assistance, April 3rd @ 11am!
yes, i have the newest version. (:
happy birthday again mate! Sushi happy on me when I return have a great rest of the day!
Lightning storm, power surge fried my alarm clock, recorded the sound of rain on my skylight for the fun of it, and then finished my paper.
I haven't been able to find a j14 mag since 's birthday
Season 4 in the books. High school is over. Quite sad...
Tht fun time wen ur laying in the middle of the road and u almost get run ova by a car with and
At a photo exhibit in Seattle. It's all photos of Soundgarden. And one of Mark Lanegan.
Do people know that you are available for speaking engagements? Find tactful ways to say so in your media interviews.
Congrats to the NY Giants - NFC East champs! Dallas fan will be watching the Superbowl in the place as Skins and Eagles fans.
Did you know Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan) on "30 Rock" has an Inada DreamWave chair in his show dressing room? Come in & try it for yourself!
so you're totally doing the undie run in those things, right?
where are the white girls at
I hate early classes with a passion!!!!!!!.
Agree!! RT : True friendship is seen through the heart, not through the eyes. ~Unknown
Wishing everyone #ReGroup180 & an wonderful event this evening, Thank you for all your support!
yea ur right so I'll see you on Friday!.... Maybe
so we can hang tmr :D?
Super hyper
this is true haha. Super trolling
Being happy is a choice, ether ignore the small stuff or be miserable
Ugh AP: "But most observers believe it'll be difficult to forget that Nash wanted out ..." Most eh? As in more than 50%? Of "observers"?
I just had to refollow you? Did something hichup here?
wow.. lol this coming from the person who is telling to ask tater tots to follow you
rush limbaugh states the government is messing up the economy to stick it to white people because of slavery
Talk shit. Get hit.
Many have died for the right to Vote...don't make it in vain!
I'll drink to that
Not sure, no mention in that article!
Remember Woolworths? Take a trip down memory lane and see photos and other items from Maui Mall’s past and present in our new wing.
I'm sure it will be, but sadly, I'll be in Minnesota for my sister's college graduation. So sad to miss!
aight man hope everything is straight
oh sorry extreme blonde moment :)
good work!
you remember that name :)
I'm listening to your music right now, and i really like what i hear!! you guys are great! i hope you go far <3
Hey you think I could get a follow bak?(;
yea I was just effing around bruh, that's just an excuse dudes will throw out. Not even a Bron fan but dude does deserve one
Beautiful play by Ramirez
RT : RT : RT : Wow has this LeBron drama made me a hockey fan. No egos, no fan fare, no teeth.
Wishing i was at the NKOTBSB concert in phoenix right now.
~EpictetusGather the crumbs of happiness and they will make you a loaf of contentment .
Wearing high boots and getting a massive itch on your ankle, when driving, is a bad way to start your morning.
tragically waiting for to text me back...smh no high 5ive for you!!!
Beat Candida: From Thrush to Chronic Fatigue - How to Recognise ...
We had a thousand plus memories.. That all went down the drain. Kinda seems like a waste...
All those Oklahomans in matchy ill-fitting tees make me think one thing: vacation bible school.
Thinking that Espinoza gets no love b/c of our competition(?) He's a big part of the high pressure.
Back in Seattle. Where I can't see the stars and the streets are filthy. Wishin for home and the woods already.
#PeopleLikeUs are looking for people like you!
you believe that?
This apartment ain't cute ....
lmao! i didnt know they did that. I really wish they'd just let them fight
I am a terrible texter...
I enjoyed piece today abt your producers & work/family balance. cool for you to feature and members.
I turned 28 yesterday. Thanks for the present!
the hollow is dangerous, so i'll leave my girlfriend and her friends there, go back to her house, and eat her food. #carlproblems .
One day, I will marry katy perry
If u want blood #TNA has it.
If you don't make Porsha Money Don't Tell People you do just to Fit in, cause in the end you'll be left out
is a great company! I love their products! RT : optimen by optimum, they also make optiwomen
The Silence of the Librarians
we made it!
The price difference for the two flights I'm looking at is only $20, but because it pops over the next hundred threshold, it seems like more
I don't believe it will be necessary for me to convince anyone meat is short. I've been telling you for over a year or maybe 2 years. [1945]
and they are both wanting you to take a picture, it lasts longer...
I can do all things through Him Who gives me strength. Phillippians 4:13
What he said RT “: you're wearing jeans?”
I just love Royksopp! I wish I would hear more of them on the radio.
Just now getting up for school. I needed the sleep.
Productive evening. Frustrating, but productive.
You're a star in the face of the sky
No, there is another.
and some point ppl will understand that Kobe can't do a lot of what he used to. Heck Kobe needs to understand it
Linda Linda Linda dms
#FMU #LionsForJustice, r u ready?! teach-in @ 7pm in Lehman Auditorium!!!!!
you know my squad guaped up, free all my niggas locked up.
is California dreaming...
Happy easter!!
3% so i'm out this thang !
that's good that u working butch y did I buy an ice cream truck lol I might be driving thru yo hood lol
Add me in BLACKBERRY 2687e34d
we're on! I'll see you on the 20th
Let's go
OH DAMN!! - we just got confirmed to play with MSTRKRFT BIRD PETERSON on MARCH 13th @ MYST
I'll be doin more diaper changin than twittering, but I'm not ghost anytime soon. Thanks for the "congrats" bro bro!
Thank you, Shelley!
Starting classes this week. I'm curious to see what my history + theory of anarchism class is like. Apparently it's taught by a student.
When a lady at the eye doctor asks if you were somewhere last weekend because my name was mentioned<<
Did You Know? - As per World Bank estimates, an income of less than $1.25 per day per head of purchasing power parity is defined as extrem…
you little two faced bitch,say this too my face next time,ye?
"Ginger" from the line "Get Ginger ready" from 'You and I' is the name of one of Luc Carl's cars.
Happy to help. We are also happy to provide feedback and mentoring as their projects move along.
RT : We will be hosting a news conference at 4:30 a.m. and live tweeting. VP of ops David Geier will give an update.
well its my birthday and since my life is so lame its just another day a year later. =(
i know i guess ill go.
Final in Game 1. Ohio State 10 DU 9! FINS vs Navy in 5 min!!
please pray for financial break through for me and my family. We were hit hard a few months ago and we need God's Favor. BlessU
New organization features will be live soon! Add resources, get affiliates to join NLD, post events, support projects, and more!
The Ale House is crowded! Leftover game fans!! Tryin' the 'world famous' ZINGERS!!
i have excess baggage..that isnt from u.
Los Angeles
Watching #occupydepaul as students from my alma mater hold their ground. DePaul admins refused to meet re:tuition hikes so students occupy.
who want to come over tonite
Leaving this place of humidity, and going with dallas, sux :( hes so obssessive, and puting me down :(
The conclusion band is setting up!!! They always bring the house down!!
where are my friends? I'm bored. lets hang out
Awaiting your arrival in NYC !!
I just walked by you, there! I was the girl coming in - was texting my bf that they had blue marble ice cream - so excited!!!
FYI, Binder clips work as a "button" for pants. I'm too lazy to sew one on.
I miss Tim..
I haven't partied since Miami & don't even have the urge to. I'm turning into an old man
I know, right?! I will be sure to give holler at you on days I work remotely!
Happy to connect on Facebook as well, Alex! :-)
Thanks for following #MyGarbageFilm! We followed you back!
i made arroz y gandules w. cubed steak :D
Wow, it's cold outside
Zombie Strippers in My Pants
I love how I'm downloading Portal songs to my iPod, yet I've never played either game before. XD
Today just aint my day ! !
Yay just made my day! Lol <U+2764>
April showers, can't wait for the May flowers!!!
Hey Sophie. It's my birthday and can you say "Hi" to me? Thanks.
shut unreally?!? Why
Toddler puke...
Seeing the amazing forecast has me very cranky this morning. Damn you hip! 6 months without running. :(
On a TV, perhaps?
"Law & Order! A pop-culture twist on a classic"
I have some time on my hands, so I am sharing my knowledge. You can too! Use
Thank you. Have a wonderful Easter!
WHY ARE YALL STILL ARGUING OVER HIM MEAN IT AINT THAT SERIOUS HE AINT NUN BUT A HUMAN BEING JUST LIKE YALL!!! HE TALK TO EVREYBODY!!!
Keynoting in tandem: next week's and the following week's. Good solution for writer's block: do something else productive.
#MentionYourCrush okay I give up
Hahahaha I was reading all the tweets from yesterday x) I fail.
I take back any negative thing I said about Mechanical Turk.
f that. worst-case scenario... could understand OK or AL more. evidently not a great kid.
Approaching 13,000 followers and Thank You so much! Means a lot!
cause its late ha
Check me out. Go to the bits page and play the audio. www.kevinkash.com
I need more white friends lol--> I'm white, but have a very dark soul; does that count?
I think somebody just gave me a lap dance <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
I didnt know you were a DJ...when is your next gig? Wanna hear you rock the house. I'm there.
JPS Dictionary word of the week: Farklempt- distraught, emotional, choked up with tears. (Old-fashioned usage)
I am debating whether to vote for Mitt Romney or not, but I'm not sure if I am completely ready for a robot to rule the free world.
Follow me to fame, or stalk me to success.
#IWannaGiveAShoutoutTo all my fans and followers!!!! love all you guys!
Puddle Of Mudd, "Blurry"...my life in song
Great to hear! If you have any other questions or concerns please let us know.
What is Google Up To in Israel ?
- matt. ur a lucky bitch.
Careful with that bobble head, the neck will probably break. Or the ankle, or the arm, or something...
Pacers overheating, yellow flag coming out as miami goes flaming past them.
I have mutations all around my mouth. But i Love my Dimples :D
Dean Levit had an ambitious vision to create a hub of Indian Law research and policy review here. -Prof Walter Echohawk
i hope life treats you kind.
sorry, its up now.
Yes! RT : Seeing YOU ARE IN AN OPEN FIELD tonight at HERE Arts Center. Excited. That company delivers everytime.
HOLY CRAP IS TOMORROW MOTHERS DAY??????
Caramel Turtle, Almond and Mocha Iced Coffee flavors are here! Happy Spring!
Lunchtime at HR2aT! Visit the exhibit hall (with your meal ticket). Yum!
Very true. Are you still out? Or are you still here tomorrow night?
I love my mommy
where can I watch the Chicago Blackhawks game tonight here in mke??????!
Had fun yesterday with a day off from poker, excercising, eating good food, and partying. Looking forward to playing NL cash or a MIX today
thats whats up keep the shows coming here we had a blast on the 25th and can't wait to see you back in action soon. Who's nxt
RT : September 26th marks the premiere of Being Erica, season four. Stay tuned!
I'm seeing Linkin Park and Incubus September 7th. (:
bill calling on CA colleges and universities to enforce smoking policies and fine offenders moves forward
If I sneeze one more time.
To late. That ships already sailed. Hopefully i will sleep like a rock. Good night my dear <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
Don't forget to "Spring Ahead" by setting your clocks one hour forward. (There's a sermon in there somewhere...)
omg. Its ON. Your husband has been identified. Now, for the arrangements....
I thought everybody knew she passed. You were missed today.
Swam al day(: tired...
I love my followers!
Thanks Glen! Proud to be included on your list with
They act like they ont know they boundaries when it comes to Darius Dwayne Rosse !
Pandora! When im bored of listening to my music I go to you....
*love n I love you 2 ;)
Actually I have a background of drama with an overlay of boring. It's disconcerting and difficult to know how to act.
20 hours of work on top of finals? I can't wait til this week is over.
Childlike faith focuses on our Heavenly Father - not on our fears.
So you specialize in golf real estate? ;) Are you using Neybor to reinforce your brand? You should add & adopt Neyborhoods!
Hey get your shit together, my phone freezes every two minutes
yippy!! :) So exciting!
Bugs are the most disgusting things in the world
If you are coming back to school - *gasp* - come see me first . . .
The link deletes your account completely. We are governed by the CAN SPAM act!
Veg options? RT : SO excited! RT : I hope you are ready to go to Dinosaur BBQ when it opens in Newark next week.
none of the previous four had
Just getting home after a super long day. Going to chill out with some popcorn and a movie : )
They have a re-designed one, which is what we got. It's awesome, too.
Five PM on #StPatricksDay is a great time to work where I do
So tell me why you've choosin me?
I think I use up all my ability to act 'normal' during the work week
Slowly working my way through 's 100 best tracks of the year. Stay tuned for my top picks.
<U+FFFD>You<U+FFFD>d think media companies would be all over social media
I know you do #140chars but often wonder what those get out of me who do. I'm both a guy with narrow interests, & pretty scattered.
To go food and movie night with
So we're making some small updates over the summer...any additional features you think we should incorporate??
just told me on fb to call the 800 #again. that's precisely the PROBLEM.on hold twice for over 20min not ok
Awesome!!! I also saw the #redcarpet interview! Very fun!
How come u mentioned everyone but me in the modern damily thing? Hm?
Ha, I don't feel bad the Bulls are getting beat bad!
We're regularly asked about good data viz graphic designers... tons out there but check out &
Ravi-efforts take time & $$. What are institutional commitment to support DH? How to explain roi to admin
Happy Birthday! Have the best b-day ever!(:
I need a style consult. You probably don't do those. but if you did?
Here we go! Train well. We will have fun in October.
": Duece bello always on the bench!" He hurt his leg lmao
no worries. I have it in a black frame right now. Still looking. Hopefully I can find one in Dallas soon!
Come in and write "Sonoma Valley" on the back of our Stay Up-To Date card and you will receive Happy Hour prices all day long!
Last year I got to see The Strokes, Beirut, (w/o pass) and ate a bunch of free food (). Only cost was getting there!
agreed! and i'll join you for a "never ending pasta bowl" and we can start a new campaign. cc
Me-'Random Question. How Do Yu Get Rid Of Insomnia?' Doctor-'Sleep!' Lmfao. He's Funny.
Booked a role in a new play that will premiere this summer in LA! Random audition yesterday=awesome booking today. :-) Woot!
To reach your goal it's important to logically take massive actions with persistence until it's achieved.
its much more fun I am the one who decides which songs of mine are getting 'cut'...
anything can happen
I agree. But when it does it is awesome.
Omg..your making me hungry know-.- I want some haha..<3
A2: SF Giants, Cleveland Indians, Golden State Warriors & Phoenix Suns get a 10 IMO.
You deleted me from your friend list. So don't blame me if I ignore your next friend request.
Welcome to the neighborhood !
#Toyota #Matrix still in shop for #SRS repair. #Camry loaner pax #airbag off with 55kg wife in seat even w/ 2 restarts. 2h to swap loaners.
I don't turn my tv on until it's like 2
really? that's rare.
HE TALKED TO ME OMGOMGOMG SCAHH
on my way to chicago for my first ever pretty darn excited + really hoping to see
Hey there. How have you been? Thanks for the RT.
i know! i'd like a little skill with my genre piece please :-D
To Tell You The Truth Your Call Is Not Really That Important To Us Please Stay On The Line And Just “Waste” Your Cell Phone Minutes…
Driving into private property illegally to get a sweater....
but you aren't "super fat" :0
Had another amazing time in Cleveland, getting used to driving the turnpike :) Saw aftermath of semi-VS sedan, groceries were only casualty
Its actually so cute how almost 8 amazing people try to get to follow me! :) #birthdaywish love u guys <3
Having a VERY uneasy feeling today. Not a clue why. Praying for peace of mind.
What up!!!
good luck! Im in the front row! Can I get an autograph!?
Weekend recap: Drank beer on a rooftop, hiked along the Potomac, had a family reunion of sorts, ate @ Founding Farmers, went fishing...
hey friends, your emerging chart seems to be jacked for me. No artists, half an ad for sxsw and blackness. chrome, pc, just fyi
not just that....reassuring me that I don't look like a heifer and helping me match!
Humor does not diminish the pain - it makes the space around it get bigger
These white folk are saying the dumbest most racist ignorant shyt tonight!! Ugh.don't have a fckin clue about cinco de mayo
that sounds worth my time to wait for. Even if you mean Kiefer gets implants. Maybe especially then...
"Smartacus" is a pretty awesome nickname for Marcus Smart.
: Will try. Could be a nitrous/novocaine hallucination, though. I might just have to sweat this one out.
I'm guessing you had a good time gurly?
why on earth are these dogs alive?! Sheesh
I guess I didn't realize even at the moment that you meant so much.
RT : here en France it looks more like immigrant blame game (played by Le Pen & Sarko) that has won, over the far...
they should have back in 2008 when you started!
Can I get the tix on Friday, or do we need to get them ahead of time??
I got Instapaper to work with my Kindle! Woo!
If you like "The Lamb" you should go read Romans 5-8. Paul said it much better.
Still on the lookout for Northern California Real-Life TAA submissions! Email yours to !
“: So can you like, stop putting your relationship on blast for twitter?” THIS.
Threaded Type fans,this sale is for you. I know the holidays can get expensive that is why I have all tees for only $16 www.threadedtype.com
Raisin cookies that look like chocolate chip cookies are the main reason i have trust issues
AHS students arrived in style at the Paramount Theatre Centre.
David Bowie's fictional character Major Tom has appeared in 3 Bowie hits: Space Oddity ('69), Ashes To Ashes ('80) and Hallo Spaceboy ('96).
And it's not out anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Ex-nurse pleads guilty to nursing home neglect after over-medicating a patient. Get the details on this sad case of nursing home abuse:...
I ain't no killer, but dont push me.
lol but all those jobs??
We are releasing a BRAND NEW song/demo on APRIL 20TH!!
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing. - Aaliyah
No doubt! Wish you guys were there too, we'll make it happen! If your down with a road trip, I've got connects at Wrigley too
S/o to u for knowing you are and s/o to you for still trying to figure out who you are
Cunt punted my girlfriend.
oh ya I doo. Is She gonna take pictures with us?
Robertson is certinally the best RP within the past year. Afterall he was an all-star last season
100 bro we need to get it in soon
FYI Can semen dripping frm anus running o/s vagina cause pg? Hghly unlkly tho if fngrs or penis went inside, maybe.
Sorry... following along now from my jail acct... apparently I've tweeted too damn much.
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Theater for Young Audiences goes to CHARLOTTE'S WEB,
Price is what you pay, Value is what you get.
well said!
totally worth the shame
Boo spherical Mercator! 70% of the earth is ocean but only 60% of map tiles are. Interesting thoughts on redundancy by
Let the countdown continue: 3 DAYS until FPAC! Come out and KICK-OFF FPAC on the right foot!
You almost made desk construction look easy, but I know you built an agile management tool so you'd know when you were done.
OH: "Daddy, why is the escalator not working?" "Well, son, it's what we call a perennial problem."
Shout out to Y'all put on an incredible show at Numbers
thanks! Our college daughter is home so it's an especially nice one :)
You know it's crazy - BOB is talented.
ha! totally!
Oh it's ending. That show was ok
lol on regular days we end at 2:36
yes but I was alluding to the so called Christian leaders who willfully slander etc. it's sad the example they don't provide
Any social movement comes from below. You can rarely create it but need to find and follow it.
Great day talking to future middle grades teachers about graphic & transmedia narratives. Smart group. (I miss teaching...) #uga *waves*
Realized how close my RB house is to Encinitas this morning. As the crow flies that is.
Thanks for the shoutout! does a great job at the Crowne Plaza!
just trying to finished up school & stuff. i need the concert to get me back into the ~mood~
Happy birthday! What a beautiful day for it. Did you enjoy your brunch?
I kind of felt like Jimmy Fallon showing up for work. All my writers had already written my material for me!
During House Judiciary Cmte hearing, Ranking Member Conyers says it's unfortunate we're still debating access to birth control
can you pls contact me re: DRE?
What an idiot. Where do these people come from, srsly?
Don't fuck with feeling
I don't think of myself as a poor, deprived ghetto girl who made good.
That was the easiest bio test I've ever taken in my entire life <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Hilarious1RT : The "the mother of all roundups" of 2011 lists - the number of links on the page makes me laugh....
Happy birthday ! Have a great day :)
We are loving this!!!! "YOU CAN'T CELEBRATE ALL DAY IF YOU DON'T START IN THS MORNING!" hickory tavern has it right!
So great meeting Owners & Managers at , , , and #Cuvee yesterday, everyone should follow them!
what's wrong?
Time for The Video Dead. Love this movie something fierce!
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.20
Sorry I didn't find you again Thurs evening to meet your brother! Was wonderful to meet you, a highlight for me. You rock.
:) same here...just busy preparing for the Opening Night. You ready for the season?
Additional County Optional Income Tax is $12 million more than Fishers because of redevelopment in
is getting closer and closer ... Who's excited :)
The dude is 27-28 years old and still acts like a child.
In last 20 yrs, there have been 27 player seasons w/ Usage rate >33. Of those 27, Kobe this yr is 24th in PER and 22nd in TS%.
It's a great day to bring your non-perishable food donation here for Mt Scott Pres Church -- collecting for distrib in Lents/Mt Scott/Arleta
The Pittsburgh accent shall be the death of me. Please interpret the following: Dayntayn, Maysure, Hass
That awkward moment when you realize that Valentines Day is approaching, but the only thing you love is dance...
My boyfriend is so good.
Just realized Future of MuseEd didn't wind up w/ a tech table. Might have been our oversight, but I like idea that it's integrated.
#backinaction - three days without internet was a struggle - was there a world before it?
Just out of spite I am wearing white after labor day. I'm a rebel!
If you haven't checked out , you should. Amazing.
it's pretty cool n promising. Thanks to you
Nice to have a fellow Kansas Citian in AAPT with me.. You should email me at
Hahaha. -smells Andy's hair- Yup smells like bananas. Mines smell like strawberry. :3
We just smoked four blunts and i'm feelin like I should
Haters be my motivators. Where there's hate there's love, so therefore u gotta love me baby :)
thanks and done! :-)
"My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding" has an American version !?! I am so watching it now!
#atxcouncil now moves to discuss parks master plan
you tryna get somin in tomorrow?
saturday was designed such that no one should have to shower. save that noise for sunday or monday.
Need More Followerss . ! Team Follow Back ;
funny you saw me 's! Say hello next time :). Thx for watching us in the AM.
that doesnt make me the role model. what makes me the role model is id prefer being wit the one instead of every other 1.
Do you just want to DM me
tenor: two hours before a nooner.
One foot in school, One foot in the real world. Making sure I don't miss any opportunities that come by.
Economies can be rebuilt, armies can be repopulated, but once a nation’s pride is gone it can almost never be restored.
is it still possible to sign up for this?
Give the gift of wellness this year. Candy Canes, Gingerbread Men and Gift Certificates. Be unique~
ChèreChris, nice2find u also here!!See u soon in NYC!Will be great, bisoux!Nice sunday!!
Why the hell was that Midnight in Paris sketch so awkward?
Honestly, you can be one of the biggest bitch I've ever met.
If you wear glasses on a daily basis, PLEASE take the time to clean them.
you know that you are allowed to tweet without linking to some random article, right?
You can really block ur blessings by judging people by their image. Glad that i kno better
Safe journey my friend! From your "Little Boy" Sheriff!
Angel is the best woman ever!
thanks for the re-tweet! :)
I wish I could retweet my own tweet
Elementary school lockdown lifted. I can breathe again.
Is it just me or does Blake Griffin always look like he wants to fight someone or was just in a fight?
My son is 7 1/2 - been doing this since he was born ;) Unschooling - this is our second year.
we're all in this together. Let's change the world.
A little relieved UVa's season is done. My body couldn't handle another game. It was a great season to watch.
Talking about Kirby with and then walking into a class with a sub named Mrs.Kerby.
The line for people who want to say that to me starts over there.
Good morning SL family! You havegotcheck out WareHouse A go go inside the M Resort in Las Vegas...Amazing
25 minutes, Liberty Bank to work, may be a new record.
Surprised my trumpet player by getting her The Real Book, Bb. She's so happy! Bring on the jazz.
So not looking forward to school tomorrow..
Who wants a invite? Shoot us a message and we'll instantly get you in! (We're cool like that!)
Aaron Cornfeld, Sr. Dir., Solution Specialists is on stage talking about the challenges of system upgrades
#ThingsIHate getting hit on by old guys...that's gross<U+E407>
- Well now thats just silly
2012 Channel Champions: Volume Servers - CRN
She's looking amazing.
going to a senior awards night ok ya bye
OMG .. I hate those days
By bringing in Kevin Gregg, the #Orioles are saying they are content with 2 of 3 in
...and my Christmas lebrons <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
like about 15+ all together. Haha
my FAVE at the moment is in #Boca-- Josef's Table.
I AM! I SWEAR!!! MEET ME IN VEGAS! lol RT only if you crazy as me
We got a talker here!
Good Morning! It rained last night! :) Today is a cold and wet day. Great day to stay warm, watch football, and wrap Christmas presents! :)
I fucking love D At Sea's cover of The Sadness Will Never End.
My nose is so stuffy
CUBS GAME?! kill me now
lol we use to always play that
tell her you meant to
Shout out to now we are following each other :)
best game of the day... this is too much fun!
Glad Ronnie could help you out! Thanks for shopping :)
RT These old ppl be up here early as hell walking for exercise lol
RT : So excited for my new HL reel made by "bad-ass in training"
The Sydney Gay and Lesbian Choir (SGLC) is aiming to create the world’s largest virtual choir and wants your help. OutPostChoir is an onl
Goodnight peeps!
“: She's tough. She's difficult. But if you make an effort...then she'll be worth it. She's worth all the effort.”
facebook apps skout, cityville, texas hold 'em and talent me are phising scams!
I know...I was using reverse psychology! ;)
ah!! Dani Bellando ate the rest of mine!! Bring some for tomorrow! ((: and you're welcome!
Can we reach 300 hundred Fans this week? The Supplement Superstore just reach 1000 fans, congradulations.
Manning with the broncos and Tebow with the jets it's just
"I swear to God, where the f*** is this f***ing s*** in this f***ing system" -Corey having fun playing Mass Effect 3
no clue
#AllRelationshipNeed is SELFLESSNESS
first i eat the edema-me then i suck on the edema-me outer shells then i repeat with another bowl
It will up in the morning. I'm so excited! :)
RT : We are excited to see our #intled friends here in Denver next week for the 2012 conference!
Imperial scientists, honeycomb pattern of nano-sized magnets can be used to store computable information Imperial scientists take an impo
Its finally here! #Boyfriendvideo iughgfednjfu AH!<U+2665>
New York's hottest club is Vinyl...this club has everything...warrior princesses, chicken fingers,Jared from Subway & his foot long..
Happiness is a roaring fireplace and a glass of Captain's and Coke!
RT : RT : South Florida's ambiguous weather <
how are things coming together? Want to pow-wow on the phone next week?
awkward tried going to house the bitch wouldnt open the door
its hard!!!
I need you.
ohmygoodness...you are the ONLY couple I know like us...usually its the reverse!!!
ha ha I loved .99 they are a great agency full of very good people :)
Duke so far played Mich St., Tenn, Mich, Kansas and OSU. UNC has played Mich. St, , Wisc. and That's a tough schedule
3 common lies for boys: im sorry, I love you, and it won't happen again.
So much homework!!!!!
Girls get 5 dollars tshirts with alot of colors and think they fresh
Ordered Sibelius 6 upgrade. Moderately exciting; it's supposed to be a lot more clever about spacing things.
Local Motion is #Boston's solution for all #transportation needs. PM us today to get more information!
Ready for Day 2 in Prague. 3 hour walking tour starts a jam packed day militantly organized by
This whole Hologram concert thing sounds cool but scary at the same time. Just imagine being drunk and bam! A dead celebrity appears.
ready to roll !
This has to be a sign of the Apocalypse: "The Family Circus" was relatively cute and amusing this morning.
I guess I need people to stop demoing AOP with the Logging/Instrumentation example. It's hard to invest time in it with that idea.
why do my days seem to be getting longer and longer... ugh... NYC weekend.. please get here.
Cause I'm not the one hella bored RT : y
Saw in Downtown Melbourne today. Not really! But it would've have been cool... #Brevard :)
Jonas LA was amazing
Nice! When was SAL born?
Awesome, welcome to the club. I've had 1 for 5 years now and love it. Ham going on there Sunday. Cheese also awesome
great to have ya a part of it! We'll try and make it fun
Gonna have to take the Lions tonight... Sorry, S.J. and Jackie! :)
#ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana I Won't See Banana Tonight
Gotta love Even when slammed w/ drunks, they still make sure semi-regulars like me get the freshest pizza possible.
Those moments when he pisses me tf off then says things that turn me back into mush lol ;)
Beverly Hills-
Most important factor in business & life success is your ability to sell. From selling products to convincing teenagers to clean their room.
I want to go to Disneyland for Christmas <3
Damn no manning for the cheifs
south side bound with
I could stay in bed all day today.
"Do most what you do best"--Tony Kroening, Managing Director, SIMA Intl at the Co-lab Conference in Chicago, IL.
Thank you for helping bring Ian to webwise. Sorry we haven't met in person yet, but I want to follow up with you about
Had a fun show w/ in IA! Another show tomorrow at The Garage w/ Take Cover, Jonny Craig, Mod Sun+more!
that is because I stopped writing... :(
thank you, we're happy you're enjoying it! We could help if their interested too.
what up!?
To be a successful father there's one absolute rule: when you have a kid, don't look at it for the first two years - Ernest Hemingway
sleep with the angels. <3
That game 7 in New York is about to get crazy.
Sexually frustrated .
MT I'm fine discussing increasing the booze excise tax, but the Sunday liquor rules are stupid.
Great to see/meet all of you!
Happy Birthday! :)
Thanx for sharing! Great show!
RT : Someone in Baltimore won the Mega Millions. I hope it was Bubbles.
fuck no a wonderful mind changing passionate over dedicated friend and lover Pisces sweetest ppl u will EVER MEET
like yarn? no.
Have you entered our giveaway? Just tweet that you want to take you out to the ballgame with the !
You hang with broke fuckers you gone be the next broke fucker
Mark, if you're really in Dallas, you owe us a fishing picture PRONTO.
Rush Raised Letter Printing is available at Cost-Effective Rates with Fast Turnarounds at NYC Printing 123. Call 646.833.8085/...
STAY TUNE! Dates for upcoming performances will be posted!
Being #indie is a challenge - band together and unite in strength
Finally getting around to watching Very good idea.
Are you going to be at the Jordan Brand?
Come join us on Saturday Apr. 24 at Easton, 4047 Gramercy St, and find out how Green you can be!
If all the cars on the Earth were lined up bumper to bumper, some idiot would try to pass them.
Don't forget that "An Evening with Mark Francis" is this Sunday at 7:30PM!
omg yes and nap times were all day everyday and no one told u to wake up
Quick Question re: Camtasia Relay: Does it have Speech to Text (voice to text transfer to create a transcript)?
good idea
join you in drunktweeting. The Future: Live it or Live with it.
My workout = countless hours of GA/Chez choreography. Lulz.
awesome! All the guys are too! If I had a stash id totally grow it out!
Will you suit up tonight?
Whenever someone proclaims to "shout out" to somebody, I take the opportunity to find that person and shout at them.
probably not to exercise, but yes!
True that! RT : : “: if you don't know how to have fun, then you dont know dot dot dot
Is there a cool place to grab a beer around the Erwin Center? Black Keys tonight!
Watching the race. Are you a Nascar fan?
Has anyone put batsmen in other than descending order of ability? Seems like an idea to have a #10 with an average of 75.
Ran out of diet pills!!!!! Now eating KFC & Taco Bell
check out "Through This Song" by Brotherofman (wait for the kicking harmonica solo!!!!!!!!!!!!!)
that's awesome I'll check it out for & & I'll check out too now that u mentioned it :)
are you comparing to a european cover band?
have a great day shooting Parv.
One of the best ways to finding good landscaping ideas is to look at magazines which deal with this area of gardening
Plannin the rest of my week
Well, I can tell you on thing is a sweetie. Not a mean bone in her well under 5 ft body!
For the next 7 days, my life will consist of nothing but studying.
I've got a smile on my face and a "screw you" attitude, cuz from this day forward, i'm living for MYSELF.
chocolate milk gets me weak
If u have. A twitter please follow---->
were like na na na then were like yea yea yea!
I LOVE synchonicity RT "Your playing small does not serve the world" RT <--just thinking of the quote 1 h ago
Happy Easter everybody
Pamela, you make my heart sing :)
I really don't think that I've changed...
no problem babe
Wait For You By: Elliott Yamin.. <3
Took O to soccer game tonight. He had fun, but shame he couldn't see a real team win
Janice Jacques, hey dolls thinking of U & thanks for always remembering me. Hope your week is off to a good start!
I am heading out to the Boatyard to hear Geoff McBride. Come out to support him. He is singing today from 4:00 p.m. until 7:00 p.m.
well....last night I left the convention early and danced w my wife in the French Quarter after dinner!!!
you hear "swag" "belieb" "supras" "purple" or "canada and automatically "justin" pops in your head :)
Mariners can't afford Prince if he is just going to DH in five years
So excited to interview at tomorrow!
==> That "HYFR" Moment, When She Can't Do Nothing But Lay There After Sex...........
I still can't hear dat well... Those blasted loud kids
Free double espresso in Madison.
Lightly baste sourdough bread slices with our 1870 Steak Sauce, Butter, and ground Garlic. Cook at 415F for 3-5 MINS!
Thank you Firefighters and 'Race For The Cure' participants for stopping in this weekend! Hope we see you again next year if not sooner! RT
I'm currently losing my mind because of a lost hooded sweatshirt.
Is that the way the season ends for Atlanta? On a Josh Smith jumper....
Hey! lol follow back?!
I'd walk away but i'm in too deep...
That's what the robots want you to think.
First Lady has slipped a can of "Anti-Kardashian" spray in the President's luggage for his trip to LA, just in case..
hell yeah fuckin right all right
I'll have to try that restaurant. Thanks for the recommendation.
Conflict resolution was considered feminine in a relationship before
my FuelBand shows "Link" "Pair" & "Air" -I dont get "Sync" "BT symbol" or "airplane mode" on my band. Is there a firmware update?
who wouldn't want to lick your butthole?
Making frenemies and the lily-pad strat. Just 2 of 10 things has learned. VERY impressive!
You could meet a boss battle at any moment. Carry a lot of potions, and save frequently.
I'm about to go home and shower then I'll hit you all up. Same thing, same place.
oh my gosh dewey decimal overload....
You sold me out to save your self
:) well, Sir, I'm going to be on that list of fabulous American alumni I promise you that!
Ah okay, cause on the web site it said Browser-based, but maybe you just have to launch the app from the browser (ala FreeRealms)
have you ever broadcast your mobile audio rig? the equipment you use? it sounds really good and i want to get something similar.
Is free shipping really a "deal?" It seems like you can almost always score free shipping if you search for a promo code. Am I wrong?
DID HIS THING TONIGHT
what you doin
Having a great Monday getting stuff done. How's everyone else doing today? :)
happy belated, we share the same day!! Hope it was a great day for you
Big Ben... Parliament...
awe thanks baby ;)
#gratitude steady work, promise of good weather, My Mark, scrounged spare parts, good people, brown rice, my bike, breathing room.
working through our 2nd full week as a new company! Website is running smooth! Trying to guerrilla market like mad men!!
When you start being too "inspirational" folks don't wanna hear it but y'all claim you tired of negativity. Make up your mind!
NorCal is very much a thing.
loved coolmorning2 love you guys :)
okay let me download it first
Milwaukee's music scene is awesome! Right on! Look for your quote on our boards.
Hi Guys, I want to test the twitter feed on PhillyHealthExchange. Send a tweet
I used to be fucking stupid.....then we broke up!!!
Ocean swim tomorrow followed by a bike ride. "We're gonna need a bigger boat."
Promise of rain-feelin sluggish-pushin on-got java, good company, & Ruby thumpin her tail - all's well
Nothing just got back from shopping :) hbu?
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
As per You Tube’s own terms of service notice, there are only three reasons you potentially would not be able to use You Tube for real estat
I will capitalize the 5th and 6th grd Bake Sale on my investment is 1 cupcake, 2 sugar cookies. What a deal!
just texted the first 1 min and 20 seconds to sag my pants...
Say what
I wish I didn't have to put up with Benson today. Can't stand her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
What a loss! Justice Stevens retires. He will be sorely missed.
let's rock it out tonight!
LISTEN TO EENIE MEENIE BY SEAN KINGSTON & JUSTIN BIEBER! ITS THE BEST SONG EVER:)
ah if its a creep then I don't want that Dick
patiently waiting for to perform on Jimmy Fallon.
kiwi strawberry twister;)
#3WordsForYou Sex Drugs and Alcohol.
Hey voicemail robot lady - STOP TELLING ME HOW TO LEAVE A FUCKING VOICEMAIL! I'M AN ADULT!
Listening to Say Somethin before school. Proud Mahomie<3
Learned how to make spiderman last night. gotta love improv balloon sculpting.
My pittbull, Ludo, got along wonderfully with my friends wolf cub, Loki. Loki even gave Ludo a new free ear piercing.
.Semper_Fly Yes, Happy Weekend!
Belmont village senior living to open its community in California
I had the most amazing night with you too baby you are truly best girlfriend ever I love you with all my heart!
Smart phone = dumbest device ever created by mankind! #WTF Ugh bed I love you <U+2764>
Hi , so this weekend we will be in LA, any chance of a siting?? :) for birthday?
I also suspect who you suspect lolololahahaha! Don't forget that there's also nachos involved with that platter.
my weekend was great how cold is nyc
Just had some the new #McBites. Not bad. Shouldn't need to eat on the flight.
those house of blues tix are running low! april 13. get at me!
lol it sucks
Big things happening, get on board
Awww thanks! It's every other week, thank God. Once a week would be terrible brain science.
why isnt there a book full of offices from across the country in which you have to find Dwight Schrute in all of the pictures??
Workout done! #leggoohh!
USTREAM! GO, CHECK HER OUT(; SHE'S BEAUTIFUL IN EVERY SINGLE WAY!!!
Mi mama is gona have the best mothers day because of dewey and i !!!!!
where do you play #racquetball at a club or rec center? How often?
American Alpine Institute - Dispatches: Denali Team 1: April 29 to ...
According to the news, this is the most snow Seattle has had since the 1940's!!
of course!
If you're not watching the new show "Missing" you are definately missing a great show!! Ashley Judd is incredible!
M, you're making me hungry!!! I love the food fairys at work! Cherries and Sweet Life pastries!
I had the time of my life!
My modus operandi = Have so much to do it's overwhelming? Just do none of it! Dassnahguud. :/
yes!! i would love too!! pick a state!
hey Mikey. c; please follow me?
What free classes are going on today?!
Thanks, Tory! So great to meet you and your poems at
lucky!!! That's awesome!! You deserve a celebration after! ;)
Today is my birthday.(:
#BCHockey - number one for a reason! Here's to another national championship! Good luck in the frozen four!
Really? Herbstreit: Penn St is still what college football is all about? Blackledge: this is still a good job?
also when will let a single browser open multiple #gmail addresses?!
*Browsing through facebook* *See's bitchy status* 60 COMMENTS! *Gets popcorn*
Today's a lazy day! #iaintdoingnothing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Hey world
hahah you're the best
Hi Michele!!
AH!! Its finally on!
Dogtoberfest was a blast!Thx to all who said hello. I'll be adding pix to website soon.Great costumes! My fave? Mr. T. I pity the fool...
Today wins. I'm done. Back at it on Friday. Goodnight everyone.
great pass
I Like Ur Crews Style. Keep Makin Good Shit!
Jdkdjdksksksk will never follow me. k. I give up. Bye.
Atlanta supporters...Check us out #LIVE today on #TV57 at 10pm on #theBobbyHurdShow!
shoe day shopping!!! bloomingdales here I come! :)
managing risk might be hard, but I don't believe that kind of API exists. There's stuff close. DM ur email if u want to discuss.
The moments in life that take our breath away are the moments we should never forget, unless of course, you're being suffocated!
I don't know why, but writing your performance plan for the year is one of the hardest things to do. Anyone agree?
Beautiul day for a ticket lmao.. so many people gettin pulled over in jersey pero diablo its hot right now
thank you <3
in full effect.
Some people clearly did not know what the weather was going to look like today before they left their houses
Those mini spaz attacks when your in bed, half asleep and you think your falling.
Thanks for the follow! Have you used Byrd tile lately?
Shout out to our new followers!!! Sup!! ;) That is all...
RT - This time tomorrow, the Hooligans will unite & welcome home our very own JACKSONVILLE JAGUARS! Are you ready fo...
The scene: Notre Dame (the French one). The awkwardness: "Hump Day again."
#StageCombat #FF (highly skilled shooter) (sword-fighting) (archery)
Long long long time ago. Before the wind before the snow.
come on a cone, roman reloaded, i am your leader, HOV lane and sex in the lounge #best <U+2764>
Follow me on Twitter Join me on my rise man! To my brother's, hold yall head I got us!
hows skool !! i been doing alot of things lately, so busy
they were so good! Thanks for taking me along!
Jazz Thursdays returns to Mumbai
Concerned that you raised a kid who wants to be a different religion than you? Mary and Joseph had the same thing happen to them.
Wow, haven't been on here in a minute!! What up Twitter World!
I pictured like a Pokemon game when I read that... Fox fled from the battle!
Sorry about what?
put something like Vicks, aftershave, ANYTHING under your nose. Or bury it in some fine young lady's shoulder
you started it
#YouGettinPunchedIf You try to take my alcohol from me. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
Thanks for the RT ! This promises to be the biggest and grandest wedding show of the season and we can't wait :D
I totally agree!
Congrats on the Princeton performance!
After seeing my homework, I am getting super excited about the SSP IN conference.
support kill streaks are starting to make me the most pissed, emps and stealth bombers every fucking second in gw
No problem love
ya tru but it's still messed up how she did u smh
Thanks for the mention. We're excited to have Shauna here
Pandora is playing the perfect songs for my mood tonight.
Aye Kurupt, what we got cuz?!!
it's great to hear you survived. #Running in 16 degree weather: possible but not preferable!
- WERQ! love it!
working late *as usual.* tonite's work menu: we've got interface design, PR tasks for clients + other marketing deliverables underway....
Sport motorcycles has got to be the sexiest thing...
Thanks for spreading the word! :)
I hope you're right! Muuuuahahahahahahahahaha! \m/
TABLE-Foreign brokers set to sell Japanese stocks
My New Account <<<<
Okay I made 60 seconds of happiness...I hope they like it.
Walking through my neighborhood smelling really really good coffee.
WOOD-FIRE GRILLED SKIRT STEAK $16 balsamic garlic marinated w/ salsa verde & crushed potatoes w/ white beans & Bella-cured pancetta
ALL OF IT!
Running the kiln one last time before Craftstravaganza on Saturday at the MN state fairgrounds. Making more charm necklaces today too!
not in Chicago area.....yet. sorry tom.
Indeed. What were some people doing during grammar class?
and I figuring out how to split our bill five ways is our GRE practice.
We didn't create this global obsession with zombies -- we just reflect it.
true. I've thought about proposing a chess initiative.
I know! Wonder if I can sneak up that way for a wkend?
Watching and dish out the strategic planning jams!
It's so hot OMG
Final tally about 250! Thanks to everyone who came out! Big things planned for June!
Love is not something you feel, it is something you do.
i know Im late but hey love
We did
I think this was the first full week of the school year that went well. Hopefully next week will go as well.
I'm rooting for you and one other person...kick ass tomorrow!! :-)
I MISS YOU TOO! You're doing summer otters, right?
its better to say things to people through text messages
Only one person and one person only knows when the world is going to end...and that person is GOD.
BC softball lost in the ACCT today; finished the season at 23-30
hey so wydurinnn
What a time for his first Athletics Home Run!
David West is gonna KILL Ronny Turiaf
I just read that they will be omitting the bugs!!
Getting a haircut.
Me cont'd, "But who'd have thought I'd see Him myself? Me, a paranormal expert and stuff!" You, "Yea, who'd have thunk it." Me, "Yep."
We did have an office in shorewood but we unfortunately closed it. We may explore going back again but not at this time.
My heart aches knowing you can't be here with me.
Watch Patton Oswalt's special. Can't remember the name right now. Watched it last night. Joke on this point.
haha I don't like text books at all :D x
Reason #312 why we <3 him. RT : Sexy scientist: World's most redundant phrase?
Sometimes you've gotta listen to a little Miles on a Sunday and all gets right with the world. :-)
You can't say bomb on an airplane!
Thank you for having us. It's been fun chatting with everyone.
oh really? Lol
This Saturday??(;
To people in Orlando who say Florida isnt the south: its safe to assume how a state is based off of one its smallest cities
I think I'm gonna get back into twitter more.
#PDXfoodcarts enable me to be completely negligent in the kitchen and still eat well for dinner. Not sure if that's a #win or not.
There's two parties - pick the level of debauchery you would like to attend.
Since 1977, Challenge Grants have leveraged $2+ billion for humanities. How often can you use a billion $ and humanities in same sentence?
Today is our 4th anniversary! I love you baby!
Is there any way you could revert back to the "Simple Uploader" tool? I dislike the current Flash v.11 upload page & setup.
what does that require me to do?
Hollywood is sex and drugs! I'd say Tebow is anti-Hollywood... More Amish Pennsylvania
Harmonics: Rise of the Magician is #1,016 in the free store - getting up there!
i knew it! i felt so lost without them i had no idea what to put on my feet earlier &literally went out wearing just my socks
RT “: Thank you to for coming to the #teksystems open house!”
why u no upload ?
Thanks for the FF! :)
Happy Birthday to our Staff Writer and resident dungen master
You should do a ustream with Austin right now. I miss them. :(
Seriously, No Jagr in the shootout? Dumb
losing bets *is* no fun. C'mon, man! I'm already losing street cred for thinking you're talented. At least use proper grammar!
i'm so horny 2day that i can hardly think! wanna tell me what kinda dirty thoughts are slipping through your mind, sexy? cum play with me!
Did planet fitness really just take my Id picture?
Not filling in the UK census because I'm in the United States. I didn't complete the previous census in 2001 for the same reason.
Why is it always so ... like you know that is not destiny ... A state of love idiot does not pass ..
yeah nagga. i wanna get some $300 pair so i look rich af !
I'm made in H.I.S image.. in H.I.S Im age
Welcome. Kemp's rbi single was a bleeder. Tough luck but still early
amazing. Angela is probably going to make gun sounds for the rest of the night.
agreed 100%. I'm so over this class.
we ship cookies:-)
RT : RT in honor of International Women’s Day! “A charming woman doesn’t follow the crowd. She is herself.”
WOO! got 100 followers :D need more!
After my workout I discovered a wormhole in the fabric of time- my shower. What I thought was 5min was really 40min. Now running late 2 mtg.
RT : Yes it is! That was Janette one of the testers from
lovely evening, ladies :)
They sanging up something good!
It's free slice Wednesday at Baker's Square and it's Pi Day. A match made in pastry heaven.
Peter Frampton quit Humble Pie on this day in 1971 to pursue a solo career. I think he ended up doing okay.
Do you have an event or a special you would like us to add to our Cinco De Mayo page? Email us at
Thanks for the shout out!! RT We are loving and their #free resources!
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well. ~ Jim Rohn
Im up so early...... gym time! But first some coffee...... lol......wake Melissa!!!
#BlackParade my fave song is "welcome to the black parade" cos of: "would you be the savior of the broken, beaten and the damned" = me
thanks for the love. glad you like 'em.
Well. That was fun.
Rest in Peace, Rue McClanahan.
I am so fizzled out right now. On another note, people are being super nice and wonderful today. (:
Some people are just big A holes! <OVER THE LIMIT12>
So thrilled to see my students! Not being sarcastic! Actually sincere!
get a _____ buddy :)
had to write this status update six times before eliminating all typos... clearly she has not recovered from her all-nighter yet.
Thank u guys :D
Awe pobrecita. Well you know if I had to witness life through her eyes I would be right behind her without a doubt.
We need to have a party soon you guys.
Why thank you! Do you know where the Fall Fling is going to be held this year?
are you?!
no way
Sorry for the tweets (kept getting an error msg)
I'm thankful for all the family members packed into my parents' house, too much turkey and successfully resisting the urge to go shopping.
I broke my pillow
Quitting smoking again!!!!
#WhenAustin sang I'll Be while at the mountains in Canada. <U+2764>
I'm ALMOST too tired to tweet and drive. This cannot be had!!
Chalk up the w. #locos wit the victory!
Finna get online
' Wanna make shit right but everytime I turn around it's something.
I told my mom this morning that i really wanted Subway today but instead we went to Pizza Hut :/
yae im yo first followers just go on a rampage and follow alot of ppl and theyll follow back then unfollow those who dont
Buy or rent your photo booth-memories last a lifetime-Wedding, Church, Prom, School or Corporate
I'm good with or without you...
This Friday will be performing their 1ST show #Live $10 Cover...Tweeps stay tuned for a VIP offer!
"Congratulations ... On behalf of the Wisconsin Area Music Industry you have been nominated for Big Band of the Year."
. want to hire me?
glad to hear it! She has good taste!
Guuuurrlll! Your just perfect!!
Life's better when you have your twin there with you along the way
Watching Cast Away #WILSON!!!
Dining in w/extended family at Sir Pizza of Palmetto Bay. A restaurant you can bike to along the Old Cutler bike trail.
dam that was a real foul,,
at school an just kinda wana go home....
tell us about your potato salad. i've been charged with making the potato salad, too.
Absolutely! Just a 2 hour drive from home - wouldn't miss it!
I'll never get the nerve to say, "Are you with him or are you with me?"
Neil Young. Good night.
Who needs you.(; I have more people than you ^-^ Bitch your going down.
What if his asking price is absurd? We don't know his demands.
I had to do it... Lololz
Thanks! We are all pretty psyched about the show. Maybe you need to make a trip to NYC in October. Autumn in NY is gr8!
I'm sorry...but who died?
Who woke up today and thought... "I wonder if a got any more followers overnight?" OBSESSION FOR MEN & WOMEN!
Repeated several times today: Students belong at the table. Pitching a grant or a policymaker is more effective w/a student.
Big Bummer! Bank of America, after five months of struggling to close a short sale, has closed the file?!?!? What's up with this?!?
Cool, where'd you buy yours?
Mention this tweet and get free chips with your Sausage today!
My dad has the EXACT same shoe as !! Great minds think alike, huh!! Cant wait to watch!
My favorite Jewish American princess () is at it again. [You knew I would love that "May I scat for u" line.] [Oops, brackets!]
Somewhere in heaven my parents are looking down and vomiting.
I know who you are.
Leg day :(
WHAT xD wait in the show or? XD
I got you guys: Soccer-related tweet! Soccer-related tweet! Soccer-related tweet! Soccer-related tweet!
: I'll tell him. He's caught up in this movie right now. It's hilarious . :)
haha i had to put down the buddah.. cant afford extendo's no mo.. but when i can, be sure ima hit you up!
Hi Patricia. Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to downloading Rebs by Accident (or on purpose). Ha.
Nobody believes the official spokesman, but everybody trusts an unidentified source. ~ Ron Nesen
Congrats to my friend for getting closer to her dream!
#themuppets soundtrack is amazing! oh childhood!
Right now my four top seeds for the #NCAA tournament are Kentucky, Syracuse, Kansas and North Carolina
Pittsburgh Steelers coach Kirby Wilson and also Candace Juleff Brother (A dance instructor) Was burned in house fire please send Prayer
Dangg. Im late to Ustream cause I just chased the ice cream truck down the block..
It was #Beerweek and I didn't know about it?!
Stuck on another ride!!!!WTF?!?!! I'm claustrophobic and being stuck in these dark spaces are not helping haha #fml #disney (:
RT : I wanna hug #ommf right now....*hugs*
Sitting, watching doo at basketball practice. Wondering . . .
WOW Actor~Magician~Lover~Spy WOW some people only dream of being one of them.. Lance Bergeron says which one is most lucrative?
I wish this were funny, Too often bus drivers are bullies, though. Route 53 drivers routinely crowd/cut me off on 14th
I wish I was you:* yur my bestfriend
You hear the craziest stuff standing in lines for long periods of time. Man behind me singing "Secret Lovers" very badly. Wish he stfu.
drinking beer and hating country music. What is it about white trash and tattoos and cowboy boots??
Just tapped, Mac & Jack's African Amber (replaces Rye IPA) very rare for us to tap.
Is it to early to smack a bitch?
Thanks! RT great talk!
thanks! I try to keep 'em interesting.
yea i gotcha fb whats your email
the weirdest thing about this game is two scoreless high leverage innings from Parra
If you reject the food, ignore the customs, fear the religion and avoid the people, you might better stay at home. ~ James Michener
that was so cute im about to cry lol!
RT : Just TWO more days left in #caltortsmmonth! We are looking for spectacular tweets for the next two days!
i gotta admit that was pretty good
goodnight ariana! Hope you had a nice Sunday. Sweet dreams love you :*
Mirna White says she is not aware of current LGBT organizations' issues of marriage equality.
everything is legal if you don't get caught! Haha
Beating tracks all day.
I'm excited to be well past the hundred page mark in #writing Au Pair Report, my second
Is there a snagit like app for iPhone where you can take partial screenshots?
All the so-called "secrets of success" will not work unless you do. ~Author Unknown
- Congrats Brian! And lets hope that like you, the Lakers keep winning.
That's one step closer than me.
me and are the only one tweeting #HU4L come on u guys don't give up!!!
makes me wonder if we ever will meet, and become closer friends then what we are. Sometimes I start to think just give up on us../:
Updates, News & Photos coming Soon! Like on Facebook! Link can be found at: www.mixinmymind.com/mattscumaci
I dare him too.
Coming soon - prize winners! stay tuned.
Goodnight my tweet hearts
If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all.QM
$450 Custom website designing. Reg:$699.Today only Twitter Special. Retweet please
Men I know u mad at your Babys momma send a card in the mail she is a mom & come get the kids so she can have a moms break.
ey its im on here. I hot tweet limit. But um yeaah, i never got mine!
haha I mean erm!! I wasn't gonna say anything but umm.. ahha Nah I'm playing brotha. I told ya when you're ready I'm ready
I love to love you baby..
We're in the Canon and Longworth House Office Buildings to see some of the Congressmen that represent our members' home districts.
I listen to KEXP in the car, but that's about it
I'm "home"...Hope to meet my little cousin!
Enjoyed giving Archives tour to Registrar colleagues today. Records of students back to 1778 are under purview of Archives.
Met a lady who said she was too busy to go to worship, I thought I am too busy not to...I need Sabbath, God requires it=mutually beneficial
It's a cold day out there today, completely remedied with a cup of coffee and Snickers bar for breakfast.
MAN CITY DID IT
My current tweet RT : My last tweet
Roarke replies "but I don't think of you"
I can't wait till I can have my #juniorcofessionhour hash tag. Fuck this sophomore shit.
Did not receive
LOL its okay:D
near crystal city. Need to make announcement soon.
You only get what you desire by hard work and timing! Is it your time? Have you put in the work?
In San Fran and free for dinner if anyone is game.
I'll be there in the back of your mind from the day we met to you making me cry
Great week of lessons and vacation camp workouts - ready for the season to open!
hopefully for your crazy party
The boy who can't say no just ran for a seat on the faculty senate executive committee. You may commence shaking your heads now.
is my favorite! Sorry lol
You read my mind!
look out y'all is killin the rap game lmao
Lately, i've been a fucking beat at beer pong. idk what got into me, but i love it. who wanna play me one night?! :D
Texting her makes me smile.. <3
Latest in the #lupus saga of me: #papilledema. Neuro-opthamologist on Monday.
LOL. I'll stop. Everyone thinks Im like evil. xD
School time..
Almost done with 1st book! Brought it to Vegas for a conference! He just showed up in Georgia. #obsessedstalkercontrolfreakmuch?
The Lottery Show is on tonight!!! Check out www.thelotteryshow.com at 10:30 PM EST!!! Watch comedy and chat about the comedians online!
It's our senior day event for all the graduates-to-be :)
Thanx for clearing that up.
Nice D Gmen!
i'm insecure. i know what for. people die when i walk thru the do-o-or.
I'm smart haha
My body and mind are telling me it's time for #springbreak! Working adults should get a spring break too!
”The extraordinary success of Instagram...Bay area tech scene driven by a tightly woven web of entrepreneurs and investors who nurture (eo)”
Madison Pharmacy Associates – Only those who risk going to far can possibly find out how far they can go. (T.S. Elliot)
#HowAboutWe stop caring what other people think
You ever wonder why good things happen to good people? Because you are awesome! Life is a blessing undisguised. Gdn
Riding on the hoodrat bus
CONGRATS JETER! Of course you'd hit a homer for #3000. Great work. Go Yankees!
Just finished a conversation on . with Mike Feder. Excellent interviewer! I appreciate the chance to tell folks about
"The chemistry must be respected" -Walter White
Buzz over golden globe swag is at dnaimprints.com
Madness has no purpose or reason; but it may have a goal
Hey Madeline, thanks for the retweet!
“: I'll DM some choice occasions (dates)! ” You bring the lampshade we'll bring the mixed nuts.
We are working on getting the Broadcast Minds video up on YouTube ASAP. ;)
Every time I kill a dragon in Skyrim I unintentionally let out a barbaric yawp. What beautiful catharsis!!!
I hope you enjoy the book. It's the first novel in my Logan & Cafferty series. I'm working on book
Classes start up again today! Where did #sb2011 go? Only 1.5 more months left of school, but SO excited to meet our new class of AU Eagles!
My wife, on 21st Ave: "How many fabulous 20something girls and oddly dressed boys can you look at before you get tired?"
Wassup Twitter? Shouts To All The Promoters Booking Me In May! Get At Me Lets Go
I knew it would happen. Overheard "GPS" used as a verb: "I will GPS it." REALLY?
With that kind of money I could have invaded some country
thanks for the shout out!
describes food deserts & mentions as a great solution
ahh I see :p
umm i guess you can be like my best friend and i got an idea on what i want for the story !! So yeah do you want that part ??
Attempting to make breakfast before work.
How is business?
Nah no beachbody coach yet, im trying to br self motivated RT : are you working with a Beachbody Coach yet?
I'm pretty sure you still owe me a drink
Love you LONGTIME!! xx
We thought we lost a case full of my son's DS games back in Feb. Found in armchair cushion last week. Hooray!
Gimme a nice hot plate of
Survived another week. Almost.
moms n me still having issues between each other and what makes it bad is that mothers day is this sunday -_- ... things wont go as planned
how long did u play?
our first assignment is a documentary. They're like real movies but with ugly people
The GOP claims there is no "war on women." Of course, many of them also claim Neil Armstrong is a big fat liar.
Nothing like starting a Monday morning off with great food and great conversation with It's gonna be a good week...
20 minutes down, 20 to go. This is a special team. Lets get this banner!
Finally joining the rest of the world with a fancy flat screen for the living room. Can't wait to test it out!
Calling all Okie punk rock enthusiasts. New episode featuring will go live tomorrow. We suggest you get your skulls ready.
i want a dining hall in my apt
I hope this isnt a bad thing
thanks for the connection.
lololol. i just remembered our kesha youtube video
That is an excellent suggestion! RT : go for some Craft beer in a can from San Diego.
I have back to back vacations :)))
I am potentially looking for another writer for the EntreprenOriole. If interested, DM or Email me at
: I didn't know was such a huge Bobcats fan, thx for the heads up.
- awesome website. All dog owners should read up on the excellent tips. Good work!!!
The highest destiny of the individual is to serve rather than to rule.
if it isn't a poem, then I think you should make it so & write it! Xo
Someday I hope 2 go c Della Reese preach @ her church n I really wanna meet Roma Downey.That would b Amazing
This is gonna be a fun ass summer<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
just good ol' instagram!
finally adjusted to college life...and so I'm back! writing up a storm and getting a myspace together.
OMG, is it, it can't be ! ITS (dramatic voice) lol
Do you still root for the Spurs or The Nuggets..since you live there?
Cherry tomatoes :) > #winning no I'm not lonely, I'm truly hungry :p
Thanks - we'll put the word out.
Night Justin<3333 I love you(:
Well , I'll let myself speak for myself ;) "Things are getting good!"
Where's everyone going for Mother's Day brunch? (Yes, it's this Sunday.)
<U+200E>81 degrees & it's not even noon! Feels like a great day for ice cream & Dave & Andy’s will be scooping all you favorites until 10:00 p.m.!
I totally agree
A cheerful heart is good medicine.
Can't wait to wing it your way. The 2 of you and the lovely are terrific NZ ambassadors.
Small-business Q&A: Make just one stop before starting up
Forward Raffi Torres signs with the Phoenix Coyotes! Do we have any hockey fans here in the valley?
Finally home from a long day... now on to the next one
sounds good dude, you look fly
I can't believe the name of Tim Tebow's dog is considered newsworthy.
She did get Leo his spiderman birthday present!! He's going to be stoked
Watching Novelas With My Mommy C: I Like How We Argue With The Actors Like Its Going To Change Anything Lol.
I'm jealous too :)
hello my love :)
I guess I better check Facebook. Hah
did it again with #goblin. i suggest yall cop that
RT : Anything and everything for you.
Last day of classes today! Good luck today and with your upcoming finals.
Brooklyn's population in 1860 was 266,000 Brooklyn's population in 1870 was 396,000 - a 50% increase over the decade.~Don
Teenage boys are infinitely less dickish in YA novels than they are in real life.
Hm, movies with savage next weekend<3 oh yeah.
God, Bring the real teachers!!
I was thinking the same thing, also notice the Adam's apple? Haha
send some of your work to
I still can't stop smiling from last night.
I knew there was something off about you lol do you have to work all weekend?
Dave just pointed out that 2 of my final projects have to do with crazy, obsessive dancing. I wonder what that says about me.
on the game you say? How much per hour?
I wanna go skydiving
As responsible SEOs and web developers, we can never forget Technical SEO practices as content marketing grows!
The season finale of Parks and Rec just made me cry like a bébé.
Do you mean mind state? Surely you have good energy given physique and diet. The extra daily activity makes me play better.
We have all sides of the #gaymarriage issue covered , the news starts now!!
shout out to our sponsors including
Getting drunk of Coppola wine. Each bottle is filtered through celluloid from the Godfather right? If not it should be.
To all #goldrush #thinkgolditsfriday followers be prepared, I should have something fun 4 everyone in the near future to continue the rush.
precisely... he is very Tebowesque.
There's a REASON I use Bucky Katt for my avatar.
You sure are a tweeter tonight!
Mazzetti,said it was the most secret mission in US history. Ever heard of The Manhattan Project you FOOL!
Storytelling for Fun * Cultural Literacy * Peace and Conflict Resolution * Recovery and Empowerment * Business and Personal Voice Services
Oh trust me....we're pretty freaking excited about it!
Wisdom begins in wonder. -Socrates"
ha! I'd get in trouble if I made it Mothers Day Weekend. I only get tomorrow. ;)
Awesome new web series coming this fall. Voting for the lead actresses starts next week!
I’m Not Really Feeling Myself Today…Oh Was That Your Leg? Jeez..Sorry..
FPI didn't have enough money to buy the tickets , so theyh banned lady gaga :p Poor FPI
Congratulations, job well done!
Hope everyone has a better prom than I did!
Im gunna wear my new batman bra tomorrow fuck yeah bitches u jelous good :-)
yess i am
oh he won't sweet pea <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086>
If the Lakers lose and the Clippers win, I WILL MOVE!!! (to Miracle Mile. I was gonna move anyway)
i know stupid which is y i said GOODNIGHT.LOL
Girl thick is good.!! You betta hush all dat noise up !
#ICanHonestlySay I have ALOT of work to do.
Broadway Bar this Friday!NO COVER!$1.00 Margaritas $2.00 shots!!Good music,pretty people,& it's FREE ladies 18+ welcome,$75 bottles b411pm!
can it be 3:00 yet? i wanna watch some golf <U+E014>
RT": Watching a woman get ready for work in the morning is one of the most beautiful things in the world." Or most annoying
I have a toothache! :(
How well u play the Drums
U can thank my 8th grade choir teacher. #badsinger : I think I am in love.... Did u just sing the Notre Dame fight song?
500 tweets!! Woooot. Time to sleep!
Yea, can i help setup?
Just landed in Miami. Trip to Haiti changed our lives. Met little John Diego who turns two in March.
Greg Jackson gives a quick summary of legal updates to watch re: security, privacy, accessibility, & copyright
me either!:)
Do people still say 'sick'? As in, 'wow, that is very exemplary'? Because I'm pretty sure it never actually caught on in the first place.
Good luck! Cannot wait to see what SAMCRO is up to now.
Good morning!
Hey, thanks for the praise! We try our best. Glad you enjoyed it.
#thingsthedevilinvented lace fronts
I got 1,980,860 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run. Beat that!
Check out ! they have the BEST House music selection and coolest Clothes!
i cant!!! My goal is to touch her haha. Did ya c lee clark got sacked?? Crazy eh?
I'm Cold And I Have No Headphones :(
And the few include one of my closest friends since middle school! The rest, i shall be glad to see them last time on May 31st!
Nice to meet you too!
Lovely, organic crosses in director Lori Raffel's blocking of this piece, too. ' Rebecca
I feel like I've swallowed so much of his stuff over the last 5 years that it all just came flying out.
Think this song will be huge, if ever gets released as a single. Big postive responses from pro&con Adam. From the snippets..
Congrats to for being selected this year's Indy 500 Pace Car Driver. Couldn't happen to a nicer person.
I Miss My Abuela... Well , At Least I Dont Have To Worry Bout Driving 3 Hours To See Her. Now, I Only Gota Drive Three Minutes Lbvs
Thanks, , for waking up at 5am to encourage me to workout, even though you're staying home today to play Diablo I. ;-)
In other news, Jason Bartlett is super dupe healthy. Can play any time. No injuries there. Super healthy.
don't think im a player girl cuz if i was i would've played your bitch ass along time ago hoe, im just speakin truth
Make It or Break It is going to be done soon! :(
Enrique iglesias should stick to slow songs like "hero" <3
well not if they're in foreclosure lol. that's bad!
That is the RIGHT attitude! RT : better b safe or i'm never watching #dwts again
I can't wait untuil the gemini lock in. Its time to get mah marvel vs capcom and dance dance revolution on.
Happy Birthday. I hope u have a blast.
The winner of the first ever #GuessJacksScore contest is DM me your information and we'll get a prize out to you right away!
Come down to our Center Street location for Pickup, or Call 414-372-7666 for Delivery Anywhere in MKE Co w/$20 order.
disabled texan , 2 time iraq war vet looking for help with my business venture. Think you could help?
"I get it"
is bring Fmr Pres Bill Clinton to #AmericanU Bender Arena on Friday! So happy to be an #AU student!
Osama Bin Laden Caught and Dead!
Merry Christmas
Shout out to Anthony and for an entertaining chat to get updates on my life as a #MaristAlumni :)
#WhatMeansTheWorldToYou when he calls me beautiful out of no where.
Great information on hospital re-admissions; do you think ACOs will spur adoption of these solutions and more innovation?
you know i love your sexy horny bitchy ass!
i need to take this to heart... i worry and have anxiety WAY too much...
Two heads are better than one. The same is true with two hands are better than one.
I'm cautiously optimistic about my Info Technology midterm grade....
I'm going (and house managing) on Tuesday if you care to join.
Old age is like a plane flying through a storm. Once you're aboard, there's nothing you can do. -Golda Meir
LOL XOXOX I need to see you!!
imagine if we were partying in manchester tonight...
Today is goin by SO fast .
- You Guys are fast! Thanks :)
Amazing premiere last night at the Hollywood Fringe Film! Our pilot opened for an amazing indie feature,
Helen is making pies. That is a god thing!!!
I'll admit I've never done that...
I had a private viewing of #Britten’s conducting scores in his house in 1983. So many marks! I loved peering into his mind
virginia with B was fun!
love the label but let me know how the wine is if you get a chance - thanks!
Yes. MT : Huge props to + volunteers for setting up and making it super affordable for all.
Presenting today on #wabashcollege rhetoric dept's revised public speaking course focusing on rhetoric, engagement & the
thank you! WE are big on eco-friendly moving
You eat an a$$? No *faints*
I am as original as it gets. Soccer...i meant Sokha..lol
Sunday night homework , joy .
Ginger looks like she has heart attack when she eats peanut butter
Dear Tapjoy, your forced ads on android are the most annoying and pathetic thing a game company can do.PS real dick move guys
Dropped a heavy can of whipped cream on my ankle and gave myself a fresh bruise on top of the old bruise from the cortisone shot last week.
the same pool? That's not how you raise money. In my exp. bus doesn't open the checkbook to all candidates.
hey hey everyone whats up i cant wait till tomorrow its our junior high homcoing@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
this refund better be fucking true!
oh shit I spaced them out. Are they free tonight?
WHO'S HUNGRY FOR HALF PRICED TACOS?! IT'S TACO TUESDAY!!
Aye William levy on dancing with the stars. Can't wait :))
I think #Maidrites are gross but I'm gonna give them another shot today for lunch
Tweeting today from #ikids conference at Or is it #kidscreen?
About to try hot yoga for the first time. Apparently I'll really love it or totally hate it.
Loving my week of services
I GOT IT, I GOT IT, SO SO SO HAPPPYYYYYYYYYY,
Two days into it I'm LOVING my power meter! Thanks for making 155mm cranks!
Nap time <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I'm watching big time songwriters and you singing to Logan made my night. It really did. Thank you zoo much for making my night
hello big head
RT BreakingLDN: I really wish there was a "favorite all" button for tweets... Cos I need it for
are you following my invisible shooting schedule? lol
MLB All-Star game tix went on sale today, you going?
Ouch... Definitely not looking forward to spring
Thank you for joining us for lunch today ! What did you try from the prix-fixe menu?
Your problem is never really your problem, your reaction to your problem is your problem.
Yea the remake sucks. Like that Miser brothers Christmas. That sucked!!
"Zuckerberg's hoodie rankles Wall Street" #yahoonews He's a BILLIONAIRE! He can wear his a$$ on his head!
Self promotion is a must. #crispinrocks...if I don't so it who will? #simplyopaque #KeiraHenninger #
you know you have a cold when your nose is running like Usain Bolt. I made this up by myself:D
Not sure which sucks more. My school year class schedule or my summer time sleep schedule.
Well there goes that idea. Can't sell my tickets on :/
Looking forward to dinner with my #Aruba rep.
Twitter buzz for Olive Garden: - RT Olive garden yumm wish was here for her discount lmao
Its bamboo banga, what what?
HAHAHA nice job.
Come on by the Cornelia St. Cafe (NYC) tonight. Abbasi/Hebert/Takeishi trio playing new & old tunes and some Monk!
Do you know if they got our logo in the video? RT : Went great!! Thank YOU!! --> RT : haha, how did it go??
officially real life friends. E-friends no longer.
"Post-Hipsterism as Cultural Practice"
And just like that, tickets are gone. Thanks to all for making this year's event another sell out! See you tomorrow!
RT : Taste, practical considerations, & familiarity almost always enter into it, to name just a few factors off the top of my head.
Just tried to send you a DM. But not working. Did you follow?
Hey do a story on our bed bugs!
I am INCAPABLE of taking a single day off!! Headed to MI to shoot some footage tomorrow with the homies.
Watching the dancers kill it on the dance floor tonight at #dmdcawards was so fun! What a talented, positive company.
Three Daay weekend
Ah yes. Yesterday she accepted my request of friendship.
Up early ready 4 these Houston Texans 2 do work...
don't listen to him it's a trap!
Due to Dad's little disaster in Jamaica, I'm maintaining his email. Shocked at the things I am seeing.
I haven't really enjoyed it the last 2 years or so. Before that it was excellent.
yoooooooooo where ya been
"New Orleans has just three types of dining experiences: fine, finer, and finest" - A travel guide in my library
": Reading my tweets is probably the best way to understand me, before you really understand me in depth #Afro"
From all of us at Print1Media, we wish all of you a wonderful holiday!!
#LastTimeIChecked sandals were meant to be worn without socks...... if you do don't be surprised when people perceive you as a douche.
thanks for the support! Just trying to spread the Word! =D
Fun meeting you today too!
Our Annual Spring Benefit Sale is coming up Jun 4th, don't miss it.
Dropping knowledge
I once had a very tall coworker who liked to work standing up. Her laptop was placed on a shelf that was above my eye level.
Yeah, Vern got up first. But the second he did, right away reached for his glass to hit him with. Bitch Move.
tru. Hey ill b back in few gotta check in my system really quick and handle something.
Also, Ben bought the Lightships LP tonight. 3 songs in and I'm already completely and madly in love with it. Reminds me of Mojave 3 a bit.
gear icon > settings > filters > create new filter > fill out "from" section" > pick destination.
How far that little candle throws his beams. So shines a good deed in a weary world. - Shakespeare
Do you ever wish you could have a pizza with the impossible consistency of cheese they had in Ninja Turtles?
Kindling. Paper airplane armada. Earthquake kit toilet paper.
The more shoutouts we receive tonight. The better chance you will have to receive free merchandise. Shout us out. And RETWEET and FOLLOW.
excited about the Robert Shepard film this Friday!
. What was the lie? If you wanted to seem cool, I hope you said you don't even know what twitter is!
Another reason I'm glad I'm not on Facebook.
I Heard that diva...I m confused until Rodgers makes some moves and they get into a positive groove.
#CoSign!!! Good way to live by!!!
“I write only because there is a voice within me that will not be still” - Sylvia Plath
THE BEST WAY TO GET ATTENTION FROM SOMEONE IS TO STOP PAYING THEM ATTENTION... ;-}
I heard kellz set it up an flockaaa u hit
Of course I'm still playing. Starts my day. You?
: HAHA. It's Tuesday? Duh. That snow day threw my week off.
I loved that Stryper album, To Hell With Fred Phelps.
'bout to hit the road for a Wausau gig with in the middle of a snow storm...we are some smart gentlemen.
thanks gawd you didn't put my whole phone number on blast! #whew!
I really wanna meet this year <3
no doubt
why don't you just see who it is.? It's prob who ever you live with.!!!!
Did Tim just compare his wedding to a burial? Run!
The system mirrors the way the album looks NOW and if they have removed the book it will not stay on your computer!
Many guests recall a personal story of connections that they've made with this Benson cafe.
I wish the PM would find this guy guilty already and come back, because I am getting no work done doing his job and mine.
Just wrapped up the Product Spotlight at CAMEX ... had some great conversations!
At least I can count on the Sixers to choke
#areyoureallystill wearing a curl bag on your head.... MAN I LOVE THE SOUTH
Happy Friday to a few of my fav bloggers #FF cont'
Merry christmas (:
Can't wait to try out Ping!!
yeah that's right, i follow content management systems on twitter. what!
Another couch-surfing cross-over. I almost cried.
Buy ZION and STI
i'm bored as hell but at least i'm off for the day
Good Morning Starshine, the Earth says hello.
nope! get that guy out
We're at #ASTD2012 next week! Bob and Becky are presenting M, T and W. We're also in booth 809. Come say hi!
LOL. That's silly. Everyone knows black people are on lower scale of income. Poverty creates crime, ergo.....
Equal Time trumpeter Forbes Graham heartily endorses Basmati rice
*changes into large t-shirt and crawls into bed after putting Lord Of The Rings on the tv*
the worst are knicks fans, who think their tm is getting better. Capped out, untradeable pieces and incompatible.
i got gas for $3.19 last night, the swamp people were having a party
Told my nephews about the true color of the sun, white. I may as well have said Santa isn't real.
Wanna get down on 5/5, otherwise known as Cinco De Mayo? Come to see Big Eyed Phish. If you're a Dave Matthews Band fan, get on this!
thank you girl :)
Broke my leg while training for a half marathon :( Walked on it for 2 weeks before I found out it was broken!
Did you know 65% of all statistics are made up? Statistics are tools and are only as effective as the hands the are in
dammit I spelled with an E and autocorrect has it like a chic name. Love you, miss you!
everyone keeps saying that..I need to call my carrier. I thought you were just busy..but you didnt get it.
gay van* idk try to talk him into going it's such a nice day and I'm making a spear as we speak
The #LFP building is crazy. Everything is gold. Larry Flynt knows how to do it like a #Baller True
Anybody else loosing their lotto virginity today? I'm going to buy my very first ticket today.
If you make it be sure to stop by the REDD booths!
Did Zach Randolph bump the ref???? lol
totally w/ ya on that. My car got shot in MKE. I bondo'd it, sanded it down and spray painted it. Too broke for the real fix.
so excited to have 's support for If you're not following ,check out their AMAZING mentoring program!
already did(:
just stay home and study for your test… you know they gonna lose.
Small jazz labels are not the enemy. There are people who invest money courageously into music that has limited mass appeal.
there you go...
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
Creative without strategy is called 'art'. Creative with strategy is called 'advertising'. — Jef I. Richards
lol i know crazy so many people after it,,
#School im so tired :/
Travelers report great healthcare services in Europe. The pharmacies can prescribe 4 most needs, and they speak English.
big Fan of Nas
I must say that working with the Korean and Ethiopian cultures of Los Angeles has been amazing!!
Crazy birds in texas
I'm not ashamed of being a System of a Down fan.
I can already tell this is going to be a crappy week
Martin Mayhew is on FIRE! Good to see the turnaround and not wasting draft picks like the last regime. A++ Draft so far!
really? I'm sitting next to you. Bahaha.
#thegaylife gotta love it(:
I'm not the demographic for that #chevy spot... Not a fan of reckless stupid extreme activities in a car
The largest Publisher of printed material is - US Government. No surprise when you think about our country's bureaucratic nature.
This CAN'T happen again!!!!!
We can't wait to hear your new songs! We love up and coming artists!
Early adopters lose again. Going to get my iPhone on June 19 for $99.
Bloodycheckers is not a checkers game ?
I love how you patient with me babe.
Yup. We're like cockroaches.
need some brah run good again.
t-shirts be selling!
we're just taking over the world... #nobigdeal #1Directioners :)
Man, guys are rude AF.
Come on down to Liberty (formerly Zucotti) Park! We're playing some great films!
Congresswoman Diana DeGette will answer your questions next week. What would you like to her to talk about?
we loved having u back 2 back Sundays in our lil' hub....what an HONOR!! U guys kill it ... Bee Oh Emm Bee
Don't get much better than Brees
This is the most sick I've been in a long time. Lying down watching Iron Man. :(
Jim, I have 2000 people waiting for this... How hot will Washington D.C. be for Memorial Day weekend?
Booked a First Act Music Company Commercial for this week!
2day is the LAST CHANCE 2 get their prom gown! 4-9pm Crystal Weddings&Banquets in DE! email for deets!
RT : I hope somebody walks into the Lakers locker room and slaps the dog shit out of Gasol.
marry Christmas ms. Collins
"Bodybuilding is much like any other sport. To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach."
Rod Stewart had the #1 song on this day in 1971 with Maggie May. I love all of his music.
Read you play Chicago all the time - definitely come again soon, and let me know when! Thnx for following me, btw...
the new site looks great
ahaha I have it here on my iPod. :) it's all good!
The is coming to your inbox full of Live Music & Weekly Ticket Giveaways! Send an email to to sign up!
#saito austere. Lots of text. Assume it's readable on the poster.
"The more love you have for God, the less fear you'll have for everything else."
Egypt pretty much passed a law that said you can have sex with your dead wife's body for up to 6 days. Its weird
Sean Murphy also describes the i2b2 hive protocol as RESTful, when it's more XMLRPC-like. Sigh.
also was at hardrock. ended up at opium and passions, crazzy night lol
Can i Get a AMEN!
Damn gon be late
Thank You for the mention!
Hajaksiangabakdkff RT : I wonder how mental is during this OT lol
thanks:) we would really appreciate it if you could get your friends to check us out also:)
what time?
do we have a game this friday?
SAVE THE BULLSHIT FOR THE BIRDS
Lebron James. KG. D Rose. Danny Granger. Tony Allen. Matt Barnes. Lol
I am sure we will hear her name in a few minutes lol
replica guns The Incredible Airsoft Automatic Electric Gun Part I ;O
u welcome :))
for real! I don't want to practice! lol I changed my twitter name
It's curious how when girls say bye on the phone they elongate the "yyyyyyye". As a girl, I must, otherwise others think I'm upset w/ them.
RT Walker leads Barrett 50% to 44% among likely voters, says MU Law School Poll. It was Walker 48-47 two weeks ago.
Are you all live-streaming the #DontMessWithTXWomen rally by any chance?
That picture is awesome!
nothing crappier than having to turn down a really good job.
I couldn't agree more - somethings got to give.
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.
the Tuscan Guac! I wasn't OVERLY impressed with any 1 taco but the fish taco was pretty tasty cc:
Off work!!! Waiting for my ride... -.- hmu!
haha thanks! I don't worry too much. They'll get it done.....hopefully :)
Men are failures, not because they are stupid, but because they are not sufficiently impassioned. -Struther Burt
I love you.<U+2764>
I think I just got hit on. Good thing I'm wearing my bitch sunglasses.
Makin New Hits
This was always my secret trick in grad school to deal with the person who called up for the number for a pizza place on Neil.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! You have the toughest job of all <3
whaat. i love him.
That really is an excellent point!
Big day of shooting today with the best crew out there. 8 hours all crammed into one sweaty car!
I have never met so many sensitive men in all my years of living. Do I need to give you my balls? Man up!
#LetsGetSweaty RT : I can't wait to workout together
#brotips to cold for cutoffs
In 24 hours I'll be on a plane to #Vegas!!! Who!!!
GOOD MORROW Lady Kiley.. Hope thy Slumber Twas a great one ...
are there pics of that?
Hey ! We're doing a Re-do Your (old, stinky) Shoe craft night with + - any chance of some free samples?
Twitter miss me? i think so (:
Judge Victoria A. Graffeo simplified things writing, "The purposeful viewing of child pornography on the internet is now legal in New York."
nah, we're jut both astute natitude observers
If it wasn't for my zero black I could sleep until 7:40
Spur of the moment. We actually went buying
You know that blank wall in your place? I can help you fix that ....
Goat, chopper, spring, Caesar, Mediterranean. Which salad will you choose? All are ½ off today
Check out for adults writing about their experiences and visions for change.
Up and atom!!!!
I'm just trying to stay humble
what is it like being as famous as you are ?
he's doing local car dealership commercials for money, 600k is a lot in that sense lol
Blowin tree headed to
Seeing yourself the way GOD sees you leads to a life of overwhelming victory!#winning!!!
Sure he does. Hurts you a lot doesn't he? Can you honestly tell me he's never hurt you?
Happy Memorial Day. Have a safe holiday weekend!
lmao the ducks are everywhere! I was gonna take a picture but then it was staring at me so I decided not to lol
Hey! Sorry out took so long to respond. How are you?
dm me, i have something to tell you.
KD has won exactly 1 more playoff series than Oden and has been to the playoffs 1 less time than the Blazers.
I LOVE MASSAGES
jealousy isnt cute
yes I did. Been tweeting about it!! Great. Go see it. Think Depps make up is over done. Could be a bit darker. Not a spoof.
I BEEN THINKIN BOUT YOU.
Lazatin thanks Aquino for Disneyland study
Gameplay programmers looking for a change? Ping me if you're interested in working for arguably the highest rated studio in the country. zw…
Temporal patterns of happiness and information in a Global social network.
I'm going to make so many wishes tomorrow!!!!
Chiggers are included on your list of top 5 hygiene concerns.
Yes we do! Perfect balance of sweet and spicy! Always fun trying something new.
#Rubio just took it over! What, what! RT : Turner broke a World Record for 14 made shots behind backboard in 60 seconds!
I have the 1857. Pre dates commercial baking powder. Recipes for breads and biscuits are interesting!
"this isn't how we taste" - swedish fish
I love it! It was actually a client, her boyfriend and their dog but YOU WIN 2 Cupcakes for a great guess!
RT “: Travelling to Italy? Irving Stone: The Agony and the Ecstasy: A Biographical Novel of Michelangelo”
Marking a smoothie with fresh strawberries to power up for a high-energy hike at Schenley Park this evening.
It's almost Friday!!! You work hard all week long, reward yourself this weekend with your favorite flavor of Stinky Gringo Margarita!
Yeah, for example every other sentence ends with the word "fool!"
can you plzzz follow me i luv you so much im not like these
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.”
Whenever I read or hear P.S. I love you, I don't think of the movie anymore, my mind automatically thinks PSanders I love you.
RT : Thanks for the ticket donation to be used for Fuzzy #Horse Show prizes.
awesome! We can't wait, it should be a good time!
#thankfulfor and his guests - always a good show.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! Enjoy your day!
Should be interesting to see if they brought the college game into the pros.
Man on Fire
If you have kids or like games where you need to move around i suspect you will like it
only applies for direct ordering through me by phone, or email.
Hang with me and I'll get you shot with my big tongue
Thanks for the follow! We are following back.
your fans love 2 watch & listen 2 u everyday, JW do u ever have what your fans call a Reba day where u watch & listen 2 ur own stuff?/
its crazy to think that you could change
When I watched on TeenHoot where I met Peyton(;
DITTO! “: The end of the school year has me busy, busy, busy! I haven't been able to tweet much lately! #lifeofateacher”
In relationships, sometimes we fail to give the ones we love the benefit of the doubt and assume the worst. Love can't survive without trust
How would William Blake spell Kegger?? VERY IMPORTANT QUESTION! :-D
your show is definitely the best show on MTV <3
have fun! Sure u will, love Bic & Major too!
I hate it when someone start texting & they randomly stop after like 4 txt . It's like why did you text me?
What we all want in life is a shot, but what we do with it...that's the story we all want to tell...
check your DM's! :)
7pm Thursday work for you? If so, I'm marking it on my calendar right now!
A video as your cover photo.... we just fell in love
"Incomplete Passes" made Top 12 Holiday Book Pick List! Check out all the great reads at www.spiritedwoman.com!
I need someone to say "I'm proud of you and I got your back no matter what.".
2013 Toyota Land Cruiser
ehhh-- I'm alright. How are you?
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Done and Done!
Cool. - if it's dice you can do the entire space in a spreadsheet in a few minutes. But I hate the brute-force way :)
But - Buenos Dias :)
Women are like stars...only one can make your dreams come true!
nuthin much, what's up with you?
I got an A in English omg what.
LOL..do you think its true about Jelena being over??
MetroDiner opens in about an hour! O will it never be day!
you should come say hi to me k
hustle till the death of me, cant settle for nothin
it's like, I can feel the music :D
Wa! :'( Yes I am bawling my eyes out! Not saying what happened either. In East coast right now.
My Moma so irritating sometimes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Sounds like this guy had one or two bad experiences and is now anti-library.
omg omg want
At SAA Central until 6pm. Come visit!
Any teachers out there use KhanAcademy in their classroom? Would like some input on it if you can please message me!
God is great!
Time for some football!!! Who cares who wins, play hard and may the commercials be awesome! Nice job Kelly!
Ice cream for dinner, bacon for desert.
so how do you think my terps will do realistically this year, do we at least get in march madness or will that be next year?
Are yall dropping 3 EPs similar to OneMoment (ie all 4 of yall on each song)? Or will it be solo stuff from each of u?
Don't be so sure...
The Knicks are the most loaded 8 seed I've ever seen.
thanks! I will give these a listen tonight!
This lil Indian cab driver is a bit of a tear off!
Love your character! Hilarious! RT : Walkie-talkies AND my red hoodie. E.T. swag.
iknoe right. He's a freakin a**. But...Bahahha.
Hope we've shown how important your feedback is. We look forward to your next visit! Please let us know how it is!
RT Tonight's gonna be crayyy with
hey! Why you no like Tweetdeck?
Then there is the part where you remember that not everyone belongs to your religion.
about time starts giving back to it's worshippers.
's founder 's 8th grade music teacher is not only fav teacher but now Board advisor and mentor!
Harry Potter. Can't sleep.
Heading to this family function in a little bit...
her eyebrows are WAY too overplucked in the front damn
So everyone thinks George bush looked frail. Sitting near Russel Simmons; forrest whitaker walked by. Oprah and Usher said to be near too
I can finally curl my hair again! :)
I AM SO EXCITED TO SEE YOU FOR MY BIRTHDAY!!!!
you stay converting the haters;) follow back
Off to Minneapolis.... # GOPACKGO !!!!
okay b-clear I see you.
Happy Friday!!
#FindSomeoneWho can accept you for who you are, not what they want you to be
i follow and i would love justins skype please ? thanks{:
First #run in over a week. I hate running on the treadmill.
I don't care how old I get, using automatic car washes is always going to bring me an exuberant amount of joy.
Wowza! To what do I owe the honor of being followed!?! ;)
Very Interesting
Misread headline. Thought library had adult films "Library launches program for adults and film lovers" #historyofobscenity class to blame.
As a Midwestern transplant, let me just say: USC -- and all of LA can't HANDLE a little rain.
Jerry Lee Lewis marries again at 76, keeps it close to home
is there a Facebook event page, so we can share the word with other members?
Thank you for recommending our content!
I found a quarter in my basketball shorts pocket.
Slept in this morning cause its gonna b a long weekend!!
Sitting in a bad neighborhood at a junkyard in my dads truck with the doors locked...#cliche?
hey how are you...
A huge learning day. Went into uncharted regions of the inner worlds to help my client. Lots to meditate on. Never a dull moment. All A-OK.
Crime has gone down under his watch, that's for real. Cant argue that, and Walker's accomplishments?
+ omfg what they're writing is going to be rainbows and unicorns that is all
to have to earn it. Now its so easy that we don't do the small things to earn the girl!
Swam 3 times this week! Swam 30 min and walked 2 miles at lunch, then just now ran 3 miles! Getting my mojo back!
oh I was thinking damn ur parents got a BOAT..LOL! a cruise (good 4 them).
in 2011, 2-run deficit with 2/3 of the game gone and I turn it off. in 2012 I don't believe they'll come back but I do think it's possible
Life is too short and fragile to waste a moment in fear and hatred
you know I miss that place!
Jason is at booth #618. Stop by and say hi, plus a first-ever panel is scheduled for 1/18 at 6:30 AM, Anaheim Room!
Miley Cyrus is trending !!!!!!
“: This pattern: sucking, imitating, innovating... #idea10”
Vincent Voiture~ Fortune is a great deceiver. She sells very dear the things she seems to give us.
Overall vacancy rates in Austin decline in Q3 from 21.1% down to 19.5% overall.
I'm at lucky strike again. Bowling with my girlfriend. Two days straight of bowling.
#HappySunday ! I've been extremely slacking on my Twitter! Sworry! I'm going to change that I promise! Xoxo Tweet me! Following people!
Only 23% of workers report working to their full potential.
Thank You! It's been great so far!
Even though my neighbor spilled red wine all over me, had a fantastic time. Well played.
So you pass to the left and sail to the right. JT is getting me together right now.
Fffffffffffffffffuck I forgot about my online class last night.
My day just went from bad to worse :(
they are Sailor Jerry designs from the 40's-60's, I just re painted them.
StepMom is making me cookies . (;
that stinks :/ but it's because we didn't use any snow days so we get out earlier
Spartans get better draw than Kentucky, and really so does louisville.
lol i bot a pack of brittish tea today and omg i love it it is so god!
Am I demanding? Yes. Am I Single? Yes. Correlation? I think not!
When you fuck her good she gone tell somebody might tell her mama !! LMAO
i need some more pictures of you on my instagram account. start doing interesting things when we hang out.
lol please do!
You don't have to know players to like a team. Lol
just saw you in #FindingYourRoots . Really enjoyed it. Where can I see Street Fight? Thank you
A Michelin chef called me 3 times and left me an angry voicemail because I won't work at his restaurant. Damn it feels good to be a gangsta.
So glad Al Jefferson is finally in the playoffs, he was one of my favorite Celtics when I was there. Best post moves in the league
So much going on in healthcare marketing these days.
word no doubt. Keep putting out that good music!!!
I love how absolutely nothing happens. From here it's nothing but tension & build up. And voice overs.
and you and him can sing together!! awww haha
thanks! Just wait till its decorated for the
Wow! 2 weeks from today i'll be on a plane to LA for the #MegaIIN conference. So excited!
I lowkey don't want this stupid iPhone anymore. -.- it bores me.
#HowToAnnoyYourServer order a diet coke and 3 sides of ranch for your Cobb salad.
Vincent is buried in Sleepy Hallow, one of the state's most beautiful cemeteries. Worth a visit
My teacher told me I'm the type of girl that likes the glass half full???? What does that even mean???
great time to be a trout bum.
I mean, yes, you can avoid the handset subsidy model. But you can't get to a price that reflects that you paid for the handset
you have to show your work for full credit
Churches need to star Skyping confessionals.
thanks man<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Great article on What focuses on: Tools, Tech, Training. 2 speak on this
looks like it'll be a hot and muggy race for the gasparilla #run tomorrow
Jerk xP
And chocolate milk holy moly me oh my
I'm with you. I think they would be pretty solid if that happens.
Watching oregon spring game, these dudes are gettin loose
Hey that's my tattoo! :)
Whiskey should never be chilled, but it’s okay to pour over ice. Learn more whisky trivia from the bar staff at Barrel 44, 1120 N. High
Thank you for releasing a new Ablaye Cissoko album! "Sira" was transcendent. (& thanks for the heads-up).
if you could fly, but you could only fly as fast as you coud walk and you had to flap your arms, would you fly or walk most often?
since. the. 80s. FUCCCCCCCK MY LIFE.
I know love. :/ I'm hoping you can sleep soon as do I. But I'm going to lay down in about 20.
you should! It's a blast! Maybe will join you :)
Just wrote a new song! It's about the moon:)
I"m so optimistic I'd go after Moby Dick in a row boat and take the tartar sauce with me. Zig Ziglar
you should come with or I can hook you up with this dude who has some he's cute but way to sexual for me
at the moment I'm in my hotel room at The Modern. Be happy to talk to you over coffee/smoothie somewhere.
I have to believe remote web inspector is going to be in iOS 6. At least, I'm hoping.
Leadership is defined by how you handle a crisis. Most anyone can handle calm seas. A true leader shines through the storm.
can't wait! What part?
I laughed out loud at the article in GQ about #DowntonPBS - too funny!
aren't those #candycane #Jojos awesome? Buy early! They sell out by midDec at latest. I have to mail them to my mom in non-TJ zone!
thanks! It's a little dollhouse fixer upper :)
"When you're in the shower, and you hear loud thumps and you think, they're killing my family, and I'll have to fight the attacker naked."
guh.... you already know
Indeed he did sign Mike Williams. I could see Chip taking LaMichael in the 2nd rd.
It's not for church. lol
thank you for the love back
you just made me feel ten times better
are you the same owner as ? hahhaa. :)
Happy to b a follower! Hope u r doing well 2!
Dam it i still want smothered fries from chubbies
That's my girlfriend's sex toy.
Yo, thinking about copping a record player...you still have some of the records right?
Yup. Esp my ass crack.
Some of yal are to dam old to be quoting Chief Keef
are you up to date with this season?
Haha I bet he did :D
No luck at Verizon Store...seems like my outlet plug on side of Blackberry is bad. Too much usage. May have to take my talents to Sprint
It doesnt even feel like the last day of school..
Did you know that you can eat right help you look your best? Good nutrition for healthy glowing skin is easy.
Me and Harry's children will have a widows peak. That's all, goodnight.
YOU CRACK ME UP!!!! Hahaha!!!!! You ROCK!!!! =) Champion Wide Receiver. Champion Dancer!!! Solid 9s ... GREAT WORK!!!
do you know what side of town is preffered as far as out of town teams coming in?
Its all about Jesus, not religion. ~ We have seen and testify that the Father has sent the Son to be the Savior of the world. ~ 1 Jn 4:14
Now that Bones continues to be untouchable, there is only one thing left to do: Watch the 4th OT this series in Hawks-Coyotes.
I'm paying $4 a review. He wants to know if is paying him too. LOL Smart kid. cc:
Thank you! RT : Saying my prayers and including you, too!
Thanks for the info Eric...I'm just figuring out all the benefits of the ipad for the classroom.
safe travels :-) x
Wish I could go to the cornyval :(
requesting it a bunch of times :))
AH GO BIG BLUE!!!!!! Houston Bound!!!
very much agreed hun :)
EXACTLY. But will add ROI still possible. Brands need to treat #UFC like any other sports property.
That awkward moment when drunk people offer church kids their half drank beer...
Idk why Freddy text me then don reply. Little bitch already has me in dislike with him right now.
Same got my own Crib now Moms paying Rent lol till I leave for Texas
People pisss me the fuck off.
#YallNeedToBreakUpIf there is no trust
There's just two of us right now, but it'll allow for easy expansion in the future.
Got my people wit me at FREMOS
it's been a good run!
trend #chriscorradinoislegit for Chris!! pretty please help
Thanks for showing for today's surprise lunch plan.
Brilliant, isn't he?
Universal studios all weekend (:
Wii Fit tells me I'm overweight... by .06 BMI! lol Stupid balance board.
Take a big deep breath and think about all the things for which you are thankful.
New tour dates posted at bearlakemusic.com. Gonna be a helluva summer!
I'm So Lowkey for No Good Reason.
Wrote a node.js server today in about 5 minutes. Cool stuff.
Q4 WW spaghetti w/ homemade sauce (using ground turkey); baking or grilling more vs. frying.
I hope prevails in getting international service at Houston Hobby! Competition is good. cc
Sedgwick County's Chase Dunker threw consecutive no-hitters earlier this month. He has a 1.04 ERA with 106 Ks (vs. 16 BBs) in 47 IP
kids ruin everything, especially in the apocalypse
I'd like to punch some of these Indiana Republican politicians in the throat. #thatisall :)
lots of anger in Madison, does every local business have to choose sides? how are other local businesses handling it?
i feel like the Zack Morris of this retirement home. Looking for my Screech
ha! Just like that?
I'm and I'm bored. So I'll just get on my phone while we're supposed to be congratulating a finalist.
thank you! (:
Aww... *hugs you* You'll never leave me! :3
I am doing nothing but going home...
The finder turns researching benefits into something simple -- just like using turbotax, using categories and a faceted search tool
testing my might on this big hill later on.. (x
I #spottedtheshuttle but will it do another pass? Please??
Catching mom up on #Dexter Were so
how are you bro
please<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> follow me back please
What's the best freebee you got at a conference last year?
They are what they are! Sound lucky to have you.
What's happening on I-40 through ABQ? Can't get from west to east. Clogged everywhere.
so in listening to power 106. why did they mention requesting some YG -.-
Kentucky derby? No thanks. I'm good on watching horses
Got the "freshy "freshy seat" on my airtran flight from Vegas to Milwaukee.... that was a great phone call.
Remember, you cannot make someone love you, you can only make yourself someone who can be loved
I like the Greenies too!
blood diamond is so good
My feed is just a bunch of people drunk off bball!! I love it :)
Also... A shower can truly change your whole day.
super for real!! I posted the link to the news story on your facebook page, as well as the link to the music video he made..
This dude said he shuldaa took a shower this morning cuz he aint take one in awhile. He fckin
well you are one of the lucky ones.....I don't have that luxury. I wish...maybe someday but not now!
Amare stoudamire what an #idiot punches something and fucks up his hand in the
Fair... maybe. The negativity hurts recruiting tho and Pitino is as defensive as I have seen him w/ media lately.
Well that makes sense, since Pitbull is an awful musician
Now following... hello! ;)
BIG DJ!!! “: RT : We trying to hit 1000 followers people!!! Where are all of my #carnival people?
We at the Adamouski Institution are professional art consultants, we do not wish to appear unprofessional, nor are we unprofessional anyhow
Thanks for following.
Uh oh. Laundry Elves have been here. They piled dirty laundry on the floor in their characteristic "Dump It" style. Got a sudsy feeling.
hope u ain't wearing that Knicks jersey. Lol.
check out our limited time free posters promo
Just ate at razzos
yikes! sorry ! least you look fab.
": LOL RT : Wow RT : So wait. How will the NBA have their Superbowl in February if they start so late? :("
Remembering when I met composer Giya Kancheli. I remember he said, "I don't know how to write fast music."
u live in tx
He's from the Real World. -What, like Reseda?
One out of four American households own a cat
Music is what I always turn to when I'm feeling a certain way. It's my reason for everything.
Sounds AWESOME! Any special plans when you hit South Beach?
lmao... yea he zesty as hell!!!!
wouldn't expect anything less, destroy the hotel?
Still managing to make shots, but it will be a long second half for them if that changes.
I hate hurting the people I care most about.
Self-worth comes from one thing – thinking that you are worthy. ~ Wayne Dyer
It's cheaper than a beer ;)
I could say all kinds of things, like they mate for life, work together as a community, etc but it's just filler.
Even at 75% off, the Yankee Candle Electric fails to tempt me
ikr!!!!! Cuz then you could be closer to ONE DIRECTION!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A> haha i live in the USA all the way<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
he's just been no fun for me tho
Pay it forward
Everyday should be a progressing day
if your hair doesn't frizz at the slightest hint of humidity I probably secretly really dislike you
YES! I will DM you the #CovertTU password right now!
#StayAwayFromMeIf you think All Time Low sucks
so bad at keeping up with people. miss my college friends. really wasn't that long ago #dareihashtagthisone?
yes I am back in town!! Let's meet up if you have time! I am staying around 4th and Brannan!
Thanks for the RTs!
well I don't think so....I'm pretty alive right now :)
Thank you everyone who came out last night for Pause for Dinner - it was a great night for the animals!
Sitting in a nice dry car > getting drenched walking to music class.
What a beautiful day in Baltimore to be a genius! How's that leftover turkey tasting this afternoon?
confused and bored as hell in Cole -Jaskson c;ass with
Unbelievably...Percy Harvin has became the most important player on the Vikings roster. Guy is SO versatile.
Just curious on why I wake up so early..
Everyone I thought would cancel didn't....and almost everyone I didn't think there was a chance would cancel did.
sittin here watching
i did
i was hacked! weet! Sunny day in the schnorting capital.....
Struggle city....
27.5k at 2/400. Came back from dinner with 37.5 and it's been downhill from there. 28 mins left in the level.
I found my download info for dreamweaver!
most memorable 2011 moment. Writing "that note" to daughter & finding it weeks later on the top of her dresser, front & center.
Wow! I had never seen one before yesterday. How did you find out about them?
So much drama!
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds. - Wayne Dyer
happy to announce that i have been endorsed by sixteen City Prosecutors. more detail on www.jamesjmcdonnell.com. thanks for the support.
stop trying to be me
hey dude how have you been?long time no talk....oh cool dude make some more followers and twitter will be fun to use
It's our half chicken entree w/ new spring local veggies. On the menu of Georgetown. it was delish.
RT if you take showers... I hope so....
Wieseltier and Goldstein engaging one another as part of discussion of Spinoza's tolerance. Twitter can't contain this. Amazing.
Hahah. Duh. That's my homie.
Thank goodness we'll get a web redemption on that tune!! Sucked.
when are you qoinq to sleep??
good morning :)
Is Monday and this week needs to be over already
and what should we bring?
my mom never yells at my brother for anything WHAT THE FUCKITY FUCK
Looking forward to them!
#civilwar quote of day. Confederate woman on e p 'old abe wants to deprive us of all that fun! No more cotton, sugar cane, or rice'
It is certainly spectacular, the costumes are just absolutely beautiful,the detail and the colours are divine. 10% off coupon SHENYUNFANS
Absolutely! You? RT : you FOCUSED?? #GoLakers!!
Greetings...stop by on this beautiful Monday morning and receive a pack of THC capsules w/any $25 donation. Strain of the day is Kushwreck!
Utilizing gargantuan terms to appear more intelligent.
Thus begins the season of visual molestation as people unveil their nasty toenails through season appropriate footwear.
Anytime! Hope you find some awesome people!
The key to living without stress interference is changing the deeply ingrained mind set that stress is somehow good for us.
Maybe it is God telling you "You don't need fortune advice, you have Christ." : )
And our confirmations are out for #bmorehistoric! If you missed the chance to RSVP, sign up for our waitlist and we'll try to get you in.
#Football b havin me tired
#MortgageLoans - Indigo Mortgage is 100% Certified NMLS (National Mortgage Licensing System).
": I be having sum crazyy funny dreams lmao smh"
why not?
When life gives you lemons, murder a prostitute. Trust me, you'll feel a lot better.
what? For real?
Congratulations to Laura J. - the winner of the Sun Jar Giveaway! Special thanks again to for sponsoring this wonderful giveaway!
Damn that's sum fuckd up shit right there....
Going through some of my favorite #writers to find and follow. I hope they follow back :)
John Larinitis is making #RAW bad any more and getting sick of watching it. If it keeps up I'm done watching it. Never been this bad
Agreed. Newt's awake today.
Time to relax and let me sing to you. Ill send you a few of my Frank, Tony, Nat, Type songs. Message me your email address Ill send u Mp3s.
So tired, but can't sleep.
My head scarf falls off every night, I dont know why I even bother to put it on at night....smh
because it's a beautiful day!
Will be channeling my inner while judging LP oral args this week! :)
Man next to me in airport is apologizing over and over and over and over to his wife/girlfriend because he couldn't take her call yesterday.
RT : Anecdotal evidence suggests to me that early AM tweets w links don't get RTed as much as later in day. What do you find?
I asked a 4 yr. old today what he thought the meaning of life was. He said "to be alive." Pretty good answer.
you not following me no mo? WTH? LOL. BOOM
I just heard this song where this guy rhymes "KODAK" with "know that." True story.
Yesterday was a blast! Played w/my Go Trio, Herbie Green, & Howard Johnson. 3 diff gigs.
Yeah, I would agree. Unless it's a single-shot w/o editing, it needs a little more effort than traditional blogging.
sounds like trouble! ;)
It takes no more time to see the good side of life than to see the bad. Jimmy Buffett
I hate adults that think they're "too cool" for teenagers, like uhm no... our generation is cooler than yours JUST SAYING.
i can't wait to go... i have a question though
I need bday ideas
Justin's not the father.. We know who it is. Check this website :) www.justinbieberzone.com
such wise words
you're welcome love (((:
Happy Opening Day!
loser. How is school?
Make decisions from the heart and use your head to make it work out. -Sir Girad
#Tsunami warning for CA coast, north of Point Conception, 8-9a. Waves expected to be > 1 meter. Boats in harbor will likely sustain damage.
BB let him know whats good with
You've got until Midnight tonight to get the 50% off Hotch-A-Do deal on www.crowdclick.com!
I don't know how tomorrow got to be Friday but I like it
Fruits and vegetables are rich in nutrients but are very low calorie diet. Use this to quench your hunger.
I was planning on graduating in December 2013.. Just found out its actually may 2013. I don't know if I'm happy about this
They really do!
Where can I find your mixtapes?
": how old are you? I love the nyg but ive seen others win more"im assuming Rafa is younger so his tweet is awesome 4 him.
Westbury Seniors! Go vote for your class favorites in the library during all lunches! Vote me Text-a-holic! ;)
No code needed
Ugh... Spilled coffee all over the rug while playing with the dog this morning. Guess my "wake-up routine" needs improvement.
Ya I wanted to say to you how you destroyed that hurdle but that was moment in your life where nothing needed to be said.
Keep shooting jumpers Bass. The Celtics are up by about 30 so it's fine to keep missing.
YES! That would be SWEET!
come to the mermaid! Happy st. Pat's!
PLEASE play Lindsay quit lollygagging and Umbrellas & Elephants at the Philly date! Those 2 songs have had a huge impact on me
I'll be in #NWA tonight and tomorrow.
Yesterday I covered all my interests in one day: acquired fMRI data, led an improv workshop, met with web design client, played video games.
Just donated blood #saving lives
Keys to a win team presentation Tip 2: Decide in advance who will open the presentation and who will close the presentation.
If a tomato is a fruit, shouldnt ketchup be a considered a smoothie? #deepthought <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0085>
Thanks! Have a great weekend everyone! RT : Cool organizations #FF:
Have a good trip Dave.
My wife has a good point: Florida law that says no duty to retreat is not the same as a right to persue and confront.
I think when guys are about to embark on an exciting adventure, instead of saying "rock and roll" they should start saying "smooth jazz".
Taio Cruz has a British accent?!
what you feel is harmless, someone will, invariably, find to be highly offensive. Sensitivity is at an all time high.
I've been painting my room for 5 hours -_-
Weird scenes inside the goldmine - JM
Everyone follow !!
Anyone that knows me knows how much of a DWade fan I am. Since 2004. Sophomore season.
My fingernails are all long an feel disgusting!
Shameless is a good show
#IThankGod for his mercy and grace and his plan for my life.
Our Constitution enumerates specific powers for the Federal Government; all others go to the States. Let NC prosper again!
Um, my baby is not a pirate or poisonous.
Nah! Go out for steak instead.
i remember when you just hit 1 million.
Many states have drained their UI funds and are cutting the weeks of UI benefits for laid-off workers CC:
lol good one!
HA, no kidding. Can hardly listen bc I'm trying to keep up with the Twitter feed :)
That feeling you get...when you know everything is going to be alright <3
I jus got here n I'm already too hood for dis party ...smh ...lmfao
Hey all you Daily Double lovers out there! Your FAV burger is only $1.89. Don't miss out!
"Hi! My name is Billy Bob Bob Billy!" RT if you know who said this :)
Take a shower, switching between cold and hot water.
bitch is craaay cray. yelling shit at me like i'm satanic or some shit ahahahaha. P.L.U.R.<3
Excellent muni insights from Joe Deane today at PIMCO headquarters. Could be a great year!
RT : Free mini cheeseburger 3 packs today at The Sports Pub off Stoughton Rd. in Madison code word found at www.phreeps.com
closest (sane) thing we can imagine that's similar to #thehungergames is NYC's epic TOUGH MUDDER. you have to train for your training...
Trust me, hunny. Eccentric is a title much easier to carry then 'Crazy'. Of this, I know.
Penn State refers to "buy-in versus butt-out" as reaction to relationship building
Speak now or forever hold your peace.
wishing you a successful conference
Stacy London and Clinton Kelly are by far my favorite people in the fashion industry
By 2019, the self-employed will account for 40 % of all US workers, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
who parties on tuesdays?!:D
I love him he know that but he with her and my heart is still wounded from his damage so I got to move on
Happy Opening to ! Looking forward to seeing you in the neighborhood! From your friends !...
Ray Allen with another clutch 3 pointer.. Tie Game
Nah, you'll do fine! You're a good hard-working student.
Pastelitos, coffee and croquetas to start off the day.
I like "Someday" and "Firefly" :) Kinda sad that she won't be promoting a dance song. =/
Jordan, Bird, Magic are the top three. But I will listen if you want to bring Kareem or Wilt into the discussion.
hope to cross tracks again soon. take care!
#1DNewEnglandContest should I start the reasons again?
thanks for the tweet
Congratulations Brendan and Kim!!!
We are so glad came to EAC for her wardrobe to MC the Oklahoma Intl Pageant this weekend! Can't wait to see her on stage!
Go Bulls?
i hate the new facebook chat noise
hope you like McDonalds
Playing 412 Fest! Our set is at 3pm, hope to see yall there :)
I laugh every time I receive my electric bill. Love that most of the household energy hogs (A/C, hot water, etc) are paid centrally here.
Love that Hawks win last night. Finally a star showed up. Sharp, Kane and Stalberg - where are you?
went to meet a biz associate for a ribbon cutting, wrong day given, instead I was invited out to lunch. Great day!! lol
Bernadett Borja is running a special on individual lash extensions ONLY $30!!! Come see us!
People Shut The Fuck Up! WHITNEY HOUSTON is gettin' a FLAG at HALF-STAFF. Deal With It Bitches!
i have a taste 4 pizza of chinese food
Great area... man you're going to have a blast! I lived in Manhattan for 3 yrs b4 moving to Cali and loved almost every minute
your cut out of my life
How was the show?
Dam this video goes ham to. Dam you two chainz
you just killed that
"YOJO. You Owe Joey Head."
Kraft Personally Thanks 4,632 Facebook Fans in 'Likeapella' Music Video- Fun stunt by CP+B for Mac & Cheese via
signed up for www.vizibility.com What is your online reputation and visibility? Cool features!
Who do I want to go home? Shannon for sure.
Hi! Rosie is adorable...
highlight to my night, surprising my best friend from back home ! (:
FREE LUNCH about to start at the Wesley! In honor of the Rangers great work, today is a ball park homerun lunch!
Small biz killer - taking forever to make a decision. Putting things off til later is the worst of strategies. Decide now!
My mom is ridiculous.
SUPER CRISPY
Life is crazy!!!
HAHAHA. So Cena is going to get raped. Always get a prenup with you make millions.
Awww man! Which test did you take today? I took English yesterday.
I dont like LIARS.
I had decided I couldn't wait through the second bus ride...til I heard scary grunts coming from inside the bathroom.
Amazing how cheap houses are in Miami right now!
Happy Easter<3
“: Who is the dopppppest. Unsigned singer u no with a hot image ??? I need to hear & see” YouTube/ElianaEvang
Happy Halloween everyone! Now we have to get used to stores putting up Christmas decorations way too early.
Are the corners of the ice at MSG kept dark so the hockey players can still get mugged during a game in New York City?
Miller with a poor pass at Nick Vannett and it went over his head right into the arms of Adam Griffin. 4 straight not-so-good plays for him
Is disturbed by the alarming rate of pedestrians mumbling to themselves on the streets of NYC. Are you talking to me? Are you schizophrenic?
Heard at lunch: So, have you knit anything good lately?
it looks serious, lol.
I have no idea !! I'll find out though.. Is this the boss man??
"A better world by design" his dream in a project
I just gave this book to my Dad!
O'Neal: 7 more ppg, significantly higher usage % with almost the same offensive efficiency, PER of 27.0 vs. 22.0.
Thank you Loved watching the Bed Peace Video We love you
follow back please! :D
Back in my day a snitch was called a tattletale lol...
Whoa, three licensing requests on the same day. Busy day here at OEP!
Haha. I couldn't stomach it till we started segmenting & getting real insight rather than vague generalizations
#songofthemoment Heal My Scars - The Ludovico Technique
Thanks for the updates. Make sure we receive them during the game!
Are you a rental association, real estate website, or real estate blogger? Help us advertise our product and make recurring revenue.
it's not even a good ad
aw i just got on ?? Tweet #OneMoreTime for emily??:) <3
There is nothing better then the playoffs.
About to post our #Women #History Post of the Day on our Facebook Page. 28 Days in and we're going to finish strong.
I thought it was just going to be "screw flanders" written over and over.
same here. Before I knew Austin I use to let the hate get to me & stuff. He honestly changed my life<3
Work work work
You've got a great app in a sea of mediocre (and worse!) apps -- cheers! We'll look forward to hearing how it all went!
Great pass by Tebow but what about the run by Demaryius Thomas to make
My Canadian friend is teaching me to fear Faux Hawk, Tap Out, Chachie & Donkey.
4 yards rushing, for the whole game . . That isn't good, not very good at all. hm I guarantee the hawks will do better next week!
The OST Perm team is staffing a Finance Manager w/extensive Market Data experience in Delaware. Anyone out there?
Holy moly! That sounds awesome! I've been dreaming of a job like that since we moved here. :)
Lox spread is my weakness. On an everything bagel? My heart is complete.
haha I would have to disagree w that statement
omg let's any time but warped tour or august is perf
Can I get a hell yeah? Someone ?
That is so funny!
Wishing everyone a great holiday & Happy New Year! Cruisers - see y'all in 15 days!!!!!!!
You know we did the same thing as North Carolina in California. Alls well that ends well.
Why is that?
I just dont give a fuck
TONIGHT at #CBSoul at #UPTOWNTHEATRE hosting w some #respectable #KCNightlife figures
If you really "hate everyone", you'd be eating lunch alone and not in a massive group of people.
I really hate it when I oversleep!
sorry for thinking i actually meant something to you..
Haha I see.. well in that case, have fun :p
Didn't sleep well last night - Read The Theatre of Revolt and The Tao of Pooh right before going to bed. Weird dreams...
was it the one on St. Paul? cuz i saw that one!!
pleasure meeting you at credentials check in yesterday .
Wish I could watch it too
originally New Jersey but I moved to New York when I was little.. Wbu?
Now playing... Hangin' Tough Tour show... hosted by Luckee! www.nkairplayradio.com
we kno, we enjoy the charade as much as you all tho ;-)
I'm so, I'm so proud of you. <3
#Money + #Weed + #Sex = A happy ME with no stress!!! #JS lol Yeeezzzzziiiiirrrrrr #Avenue Goodmorning!
Where will the show be filmed? Can you DM me your email address? I can write up a blog post & article maybe?
Sure , I'd run away with you . . I wouldnt even think twice.
MD Crab soup at work today for lunch? Yes, please!
when you're sister askes the guy you like "do you like like her?" and he says "i like like like like her" d'aw
Maurice Sendak died :'(
How soon we forget about those 70's and 80's in March #wiwx This really is not all that unusual..at least it stopped raining
I should be asleep.
Busy dawg...wish I could, puttin this work in.
Foundation Directory Training at the Main Library on March 20th at 1pm. This will provide information on grant-seeking resources.
I feel you on that tip
The fatdog is so fat all he can do is roll
It's #springbreak and PVLA has a reduced staff of law students. We're running a little slow, so we appreciate your patience!
I'm afraid not. I'm an eater, not a maker. LOL
Are Pet Psychics Real? Many people claim to be able to communicate psychically with animals, but what does the evidence show?
“: Please tell Seth Myers to get lost.” Dude is a douchebag
i get the first four lines of 'golden' stuck in my head for days at a time.
haha girl I could tell!
AT 10: A high school student attacked at the bus stop decides to share her story, hoping the same won't happen again.
shut up
Is anyone else going to the Wiz concert tomorrow in SF?
I thought everybody knew that. Been that way for years.
good interesting........ Lol u r fun to talk too
OK... I'm looking for a GOOD program where I can rip DVD's so I can see them on my iPhone/iPad. Either free or paid will work. Thanks guys!
sports center <U+E106><U+E42A><U+E00E>
I hate the R&B singer Tank he cries to fucking much "please don't go" STFU
So.... I completly didn't do ANYTHING homework wise tonight. Oh well...
Drinking a schooner (or two) in your honor. #wasteface “: nothing is the same without me baby!”
Taking my dad to the Sunday O's Nats Game for his 75 bday Beltway series
Nap o'clock
I fucking love you girl omg your amazing like omg best replacement
My parents like my sister more than me
I know! I was like how do you NOT know who 1D are, they're the reason I don't study. Lol
RT :Loved the PEEP Luncheon today
COME TO THE SHOW ON WEDNESDAY!!!
I just ate a blueberry pop tart, pretzels and honey mustard, then pineapple. That's odd, there's something wrong with me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Bo. Beach House tickets at El Rey in LA sold out pretty much instantly. All the Gs in my phone couldn't get there fast enough.
Wonder how many peeps will move cause of this crappy Seattle weather?
Hmm I will be tuning in for this.
84 at 10:30am? I think I'm going to like it here.
Any early impressions on how well Watchdoc works?
Why this hoe mentioned me *grabs pussy* bitch eat it
": #ThingsPGKidsSay You got the juice - ( )"
YAY! I can't wait!
Who dat? Is this Phil DURHAM?
I love this. I only wish I knew and had brought jäger for the three of us lol
RT : This guy to me is one of the greatest comedians
I'm sorry I haven't been tweeting as much lately! I had an absolutely horrible week. :( But I'm back and I promise I'll be tweeting more! :)
The YMCA of Austin is seeking a Boxing instructor and a Taekwondo instructor at our East Communities branch. Please visit...
I always get either niall or Harry on the horoscopes :P lol fine with me(;
I standardized and inputted metadata for a digitization project. Made sure dates, names, places, subjects, etc. fit LOC authorities.
sending up special prayers today for the people devistated by the tornado in Glade Springs & for those affected throughout the Southeast...
Really James??? U wanna play dirty now?
Paul Walker is a sexy beast :) lol I can't wait until Fast Six!
Is it ok to have NATE contact you? Break that single music director
you woke me up!!;)
I think Hamilton deserves to have "The Natural" music played here, I don't even care it's in St. Louis, just play the music!
#ReplaceABieberSongWithArm Silent Arm
RP Kenyatta Goodwen () "You REALLY should have as your Community Web Producer..."
Sometimes you just have to look at yourself in the mirror and wonder -- have I been doing things in reverse my entire life?
we're all on the same wavelength.
I already bought a shirsey.
I've really been under attack lately..seems like everything is happening as I try to finish this album. But I'm learning how to suffer.
Going back to an old love is like reading a book over & over again.. same ending .
It's finally starting to settle in that I'm almost done with high school....
You Aren't The Only 1 Who Hates Rain.... I Hate It As Well... Unless It's Hot Then It's Nice To Have A Little Rain.. :-)
Just found out the publication date of my first article! Woot! August 2012.
so yeah last night def ended to a great weekend just as planned. now back to the daily grind and feeling every min of last night ugh. chilli
Getting ready for presentation with Eric. Gotta get showered, dressed, wake the kids up, change diapers, dress them, help Eric, and moms car
UGH. why does my fucking brother get everything he wants & never gets in trouble but i always do? i'm so pissed off right now.
I've got soul but I'm not a soldier.
New #oilandgas project today!! Excited about new challenges and successes! Do something big today...because you can!
where u at brother
Consider it the kick -off for the Next Big Push. And a chance for a nice dinner.
Follow me on instagram(charlottemathai)I'm so close to 400! Help
That last THOMAS tweet is for everyone, but especially , a rare Yanks/Red Sox fan.
Carl Crawford going for a second opinion ranks just below "Rare Andy Dick footage found" on the list of things I don't want to hear.
Awesome, and yes we "men" are all alike.
Thanks for the message. We apologize for the short delay in response. If you could wait for a new one that would be great! Thanks
haha true. It would be fun though :)
Demo features some favorites from ToyMaker including Abby C Smith, James Zannelli, Michael Scibilia and Kristen Sharpley.
Yay! My hairs light <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
i'm TOTALLY not LOOKING FOR GRASS on twitter.
everyone in the press said Lee deal would be done by last weekend. There's no reason to trust all this Philly garbage
The mystery team must be
packing joy #26: taking trips down memory lane when finding random things in closet you kept, God knows why: i.e., 5+ year old nicorette gum
There's nothing to see, cause' you know I'm right!! XD
A bank robbery, a police chase, and a homemade bomb all in the same story? AND it's sunny and feels like spring? Today is a good day.
LMAO you just made my day ten times better :)))
I cant even count the # of times my phone rang after 2AM..and 90% of the time I ANSWER...but who can I call *checks watch*...nope, NO1
guys am I the only one curious of what a lineup feat DSteve and DWest would've looked like???!!
Woah, you're friends with THE Eddie Money?
true statement. Got to take cailyn to school first!
yeah come threw
you forgot to mention The Hero Cleanup Protocol has your cover art!
ha! Me too! Followed by 'fabulous' and sometimes 'fantabulous'.
I suppose, though, that it fits with Disney's recent "let's generic up every title we can" philosophy.
High cholesterol levels put an individual at high risk for hypertension and diabetes.
Never think with my heart first I always think with my mind first then my heart afterwards
20 more days left of school.
Butch with 3 3's to start the game! Jam up 11-10
Does everyone have goo Friday off? Roads are empty. No point of going to school<U+E416>
Open seating? What is that?! Gross. I hate Southwest right now
are you guys planning on coming to the U.S.?
Girls who can't get over their ex and move on<<<<
Leroy's are such angels <3
Just saw a license plate that said ICEMAN. Seinfeld, anyone?
" Friends With Kids " just killed me. Absolutely killed me.
#WhiteSox Snow good: #Tiger now lead.
if someone wants to walk out of ur life LET THEM GO! The fact tht they wanna leave shows they prob never shouldve been there in the 1stplace
i think JV throws another no-no if weaver doesn't get ejected...
In logan square making these mfrs drinks... & bout to get started cooking a sunday dinner
Hahahah - I am that person for my school. (Well, especially with grade-school pix.)
You love me, and i wouldnt have it any other way
hell no this shit is hard
lmao t-boz is raw forreal can't no other female hit her low notes haha
I'm sorry love :\ he will follow you some day I promise :)
Oakland Arts will be checking out the Polish Hill Arts Fest Sat. 7/17 Corner of Brereton and Dobsons Streets. See you there!
i said one smile at a time sounds alotbetter ;) lmao jkjk :p omg i got a 60 in my report card for history :s
then we fight on who has the better name -- katelynne or katelyn (im katelyn hawww i have the better name xd)
Sorry Mr. D but you're boring me to tears
hahaha im not im just telling the truth (:
I actually used to enjoy Matisyahu, but now he just seems like some sort of immodest yahoo.
STAT not stst... see what i mean????
Obviously, because overalls are so fucking cute. OBVIOUSLY.
I have complained to they blame for the bad feed
I don't even understand what that tweet meant.
US team, 12 shots on goal; Japan, 5 shots. No scoring. So frustrating!
Only if you want to run everything off SSD, which I believe is less than ideal for applications that need to do a lot of writing
I want whatever Bob Pisani is smoking.
you got it David! Thx for the good info...
I'd like to volunteer. What do you need?
yeah, I get it, but just seems silly.
you can count on it!!!!
Rainy ass Portland
Me too! I minored in History! Then I got a Masters in Library Science, solidifing the fact that I will never have disposable income
“Familiar acts are beautiful through love.”
damn cousin where u been at?
mee too they need to be together!
Playing some Tom Waits tonight!
Hey, whatcha doing tomorrow? Want to go to Atl w/me? Going to Health&Fitness Expo to pick up race packet. Would love company :)
concentrate on positives, great revenue from new stadium, great infrastructure, great stylish coach, historic club back in UCL.
NEWS ALERT: City Council votes 14-0 to change curfew law, end $1000 tickets for late students
RT 5 PEOPLE SHOULD FOLLOW ME.. I'll FOLLOW BACK ;D
No problem girlfriend!
Have you checked out the SuperBohl(sen) page via ? There's a live video stream of #Super46 village, vlogs & more!
I'm coming up there messing everything up lol RT we work together tomorrow !! Lol
Who is attending the in Sevilla this weekend? We hear it's a great program, look forward to tweets about it!
Heading downtown for round 2 of the Big Buck world championships. Hangin with Travis Pastrana, free drinks and video games holler
Woo kentucky!
isn't that just extra protein ?
Headed up to the mythical land of "SoCal." I hope they like me, those socalifornians! My northern Tijuana ways can be so strange.
will just have to look forward to puerto rico.
Patterson's View by Cliff Cardin..If you have a kindle I think its only .99 cents to download it
This game going too hard!! #Lakers vs Thunder
Music and life mahn. What about you?
Neat! Whereabouts on campus is it?
having a big family is always helpful
Birthdays then: wow! Look at all these presents! Birthdays now: wow! Look at all these notifications!
Registered for day 1d maint event. Starts tomorrow at noon west coast time.
Ouch. Hopefully it is just bruised.
If you truly love the , do yourself a favor and follow the new Royals Hall of Fame Twitter,
We are 5000 teachers across the globe. Go PLPeeps!
Shooting a PSA tomorrow.
Time to bust out the headphones <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Starting work tomorrow with improv, film and theater camps at PushPush. Kids and great literature make for interesting results.
I'm with Mr schoenholtz in sec 237 row a
fucckk getting up tomorrow for community service legit
Pollard might need a police escort out of Foxboro tonight...
Poor girl in callahan. Hope she's ok
I just started coughing and I can't stop.
i would suppose mr gates would be happy about msft's recent purchase. owning your formal rival must be satisfying.
We're looking into it. Will report back ASAP.
Shanghai just had an earthquake! Lights were swinging.
“: I do not feel like being in this house”
SOO SO glad you love it!! :)
I think speaking notices have started going out today.
but i'm ascairt.
My CIPA Committee is presenting its first Professional Development session for Library Faculty who teach for the New Year. Exciting...
If you see me walking around campus lightly gripping a pristine white single piece of paper, please don't think I'm weird.
Spring Sidewalk Sale starts tomorrow at 10am-Prices up to 75% off! Tons of great deals on Badgers AND Packers gear! www.buckyslockerroom.com
When did I acquire all these new followers? Following back now!
don't know why I'm still up I'm nowhere near sleepy
I miss Justin's #RANDOMTWEETHOUR so bad !!
alright that sounds good
Yes location svc is active when app is open & stndby when in bckgrnd. It only monitors significant changes in your location. This
I just wanna go home.
Y'all are gonna kill me...wearing sneaks with my work outfit
Definitely Nina Wheeler.
don't forget the pics
no u r
Ah, thanks for the references
It's always fun jammin' in your car to; Getto Boys - Die Mother Fuckers <U+2665>
<---- Birthdays in 6 days
On the initial screen for NBA Jam TE for Genesis hold start and press A on H, let go start for V, hold start and hit B for Y.
RT : I run circles around u bitches
I gotta admit though, He was looking mighty good in that video ;) Lmaoooooo
I'm totally confused why you would put an exclamation point after that.
Now THAT was a solid first half #chargers Glad to see Gates getting some action.
when's the next ustream? (: xx
to the inventors of pineapple, thank you
Wow, I thought Where Have You Been was going to slay.
#ItCuteWhen I see that handsome guy in the mirror everytime ;)
We reconvene tomorrow!
I'm much more willing to entertain a book suggestion than I am a movie suggestion.
Peace to
Damm its only monday, and i already miss ya, damm i got it bad
We're still looking for Festivus prize sponsorship. Email to sponsor a prize.
Hey Come see one of your artists today at 5pm
Twitpic wont load again. ughh.
if you dont tr(eat) her right someone else will
Weather in Seattle is looking a lot like weather in Cleveland. Helpful for packing.
Oh look. The American Century Theater is now on Twitter:
RT Sendak on ebooks "F%*k them. I hate those ebooks...cannot be the future...may well be. I'll be dead I won't give a shit
REAL NIGGAS MAKE MOVES F@#k NIGGAS SIT STILL....
OBAMA WON THE NOBEL PEACE PRIZE FOR MANAGING TWO **WARS** HOW IS THIS AN ACT OF PEACE?!?!! Has this whole world just gone into crazy land?
What's Up Everybody-:)Come Stain??
Asiago Olive Rolls at Spaghetti Benders? Tasty! Suggestion: make it 2 orders...
abita,right? Have u had their ipa? > “: This bar has Purple Haze....... Possibly new favorite bar...”
well look at God!! Congrats cuz where at?
aw carl miss you too!
Thank you so much for the kind words! :-)
“He can’t look like that. That’s wrong. Just look at him!” I'm going to yell that at ppl coming out of a salon. To prove I'm a leader.
No public ghosts allowed!!
Took all the beats off my website....hopefully it'll all be worth it
no my dude, a contraction only count as 1 word!
sounds nice i love pomergranate!
Rockin , get your jamz on and be safe , thanks a bunch ! happy new year :)
Heading to Austin this weekend wit Get at me if u go.
so true. defense and these sabermetrics for the IF suck. you win by scoring. OF is different, but I like my SS to hit then field
R2KStudio offers Education Discounts up to 50% off STUDIO RENTALS! If you attend any of our local LV Campuses please call us for more info.
bitch please i'm like a helicopter : pretty, hot, and take you to the sky
count me in!
Yay! He looks like he likes it! Thanks, !
- Fight was closer than the judges scorecards had it. didn't win, but he won more rounds than he got credit for.
hell yea that nigga was og coming out there with that gun
sigh..ur gonna make me cry..what poem is that from?...James Joyce?..
When people are really paranoid when they're high. >>>> LMAO.
I'm well rested, which means I'm about to kill it at the gym!
Ops ! I stayed up way past my bedtime forking with the MacBook. I will pay for it tomorrow.
okay now it's 6 months? I guess his aunt just said that.
I'd be far more interested in #TheVoice if my cat were in it. . . . .and if it wasn't a live singing competition. . . Just cats.
98 of America's richest 100 people are white dudes. The other two are Asian dudes. Thank god we're over racism and sexism! via
HAVE A GREAT DAY
Gonna try to get an acting job even though i am only 12 :/
Joe tweeted "Hello Italy" and 15 minutes later, it started to trend.
waiting for the painkillers to kick in so I can take a shower and drive my butt to the hospital.
Adam Lilly from "Much like a pub, social media is a storytelling destination."
U trynna get shot??
#MahoneOnEllen is now #2 on the trending topics in the United States #MahomiesGoHard :)
Copyright got you stymied? Recruit local talent to make a book you can share. Thanks Jamie!
luckily you didnt have to
now that's big time. Now you need big time recruits there
Mom: "your first kid's just an experiment. There's no book to tell you what to do."
I had a dream last night that me and you were singing a duet at a HUGE concert!!!!! the best dream ever!!!! <3 :)
Thanks so much! You're too sweet! How are you feeling? I've been praying for you!
HOME RUN RYAN BRAUN!!!!!!!
off twitter for a bit.. check me on instagram "London Bridgez" Pow !
oh ok..that's what I thought. Lol. Enjoy your tweets Roseanne! Keep fighting the good fight! :)
& if there is fault in promoters booking talent in matches to make money how is that different
yes we will ;)
I understood all of that until after you said "emptied it", then i couldn't understand the rest lol
This is the sound of the future.
Honestly? Some blasts are better left in the past.
Many of our shows turn the focus on music. We’d like to hear from you: What music-based shows do you want to see more of on SCAN?
thanks for the follow - you have an interesting philosophy!!!
Ikr! I had membership and everything lmfao
Just started airing Season 3, who knows what the future holds, but I'm keeping my fingers crossed. Thanks for the compliment!
This time she tweeted repeat to satiety
thanks for support, !
don't make me promises, baby. You never did know how to keep them well
If you haven't seen LABIOS ROJOS yet, come over to the UltraStar Cinemas, we will be screening it @ 10:00 PM TONIGHT!
Currently #amreading The Zen of Running.
We should never permit ourselves to do anything that we are not willing to see our children do. - Brigham Young
haha hell yeah
BEAUTIFUL! I want pictures!
and usually all that's needed is a positive outlet.
There are, on average, over 120 million sexual intercourse taking place all over the world each day
It makes me so happy when I poke into my morning egg and see the vibrant orange-yellow yolk.
I'm in marketing so online ads are useful data AND pay my mortgage. Feels wrong to use ad block software.
Employers have begun to add jobs, including a net increase of 162,000 in March.
indiana. woo.
We're almost to 3,000 followers! Help us out!
not the best work out today but 35 min is better than none at all
Congratulations to on “Either Way it Ends with a Shovel” winning the Award for Best Short Story on the Web!
“As for me, I know of nothing else but #miracles.” - Walt Whitman
I didn't see yo ass at ricks neither , gone come at me like that earlier
Oh well I guess not hahaha ok Spurs time!!!
Hoosiers play today at 8:45p.m.! Enjoy 3 mini burgers for $5 and don't forget to wear crimson and cream. Go Hoosiers!
Music interviews r so lame!Mr. Thunder appreciates ur earnest interest2solicit1,but he has no interest in this brand of promotional fodder!
Hey everyone! We are now officially at Sofia's Downstairs!
Happy 4th of July - Lets keep it a safe one
A mind is a parachute so makes sure its open.
I love how fans and media are angry about 1 and dones while others are staying 4 years with degrees in worthless majors
It depends on the picks. They better be high, because that's what we need. A star.
I love kisses :D
I'm digging it!
No thank you. I'll keep my freedoms instead.
OMGosh.. it's so hard! Especially now since he can reach the bowl “: How are you rationing candy for your toddler?
Right Above It
In any relationship in which two people become one, the end result is two half people. Wayne Dwyer
“: 2days until we arrive in Los Angeles. America...Get Ready!!” i'm so excited! Can't wait for you to come to New York!!
one of my favs!
He's my prince and I'm his princess. And that's how it's gonna stay.
In other words, this is your LAST CHANCE to save yourself from failing my course (p.s. I'm a secular humanist/Unitarian)
Kids birthday at a park in the rain. Great idea. Never been this far into Santee before.
Never judge a book by its cover! You may be surprised on what you find...
so many new creative art ideas flooding in for the Do Art Daily starting in Feb that my head is spinning! What to do?
Dam swear I was letting him have it......FLIPPED dat shit on me
thus concludes a wonderful wednesday. fingers crossed for something better than tuesday tomorrow.
#tomyunbornchild be careful who yu befriend females are not too be trusted
In Mac Preferences, says I'm connected (IP address 10.0.0.2.) but still not loading pages.
in the block section of privacy settings.
Thanks for sharing the pic! It was good to see you there :)
nice to make your acquaintance, Queen.
I'm done denying Christ in my life, all things are created through him!
A toast for the douchbags
#MyFirstYearAtFAMU I use to ride the V2 just to get some AC!!
how about we have justice for both brothers we all are grieving for them-Amen
Do the Goofy. You'll describe it differently. ;-)
Watching the "Titanic" 3D trailer has been the best part of the #oscars so far. April 4, so there.
new band name?
me for what I am and for what I am not. He can be a little tactless but no man is perfect. But him pointing out beautiful women to me does
I always forget that Layne Staley and Kurt Cobain share the same death date. I still hope they're both at peace.
Yes that earthquake woke me up. Yes I was on the 31st floor.
teleporting of course!
Daylight savings ends this Sunday- don't forget to set your clocks back, and enjoy that extra hour of sleep!
You can't accept yourself when you have a successful business...you've got to accept yourself so that you can have a successful business!
At my nephews 7 and up gymnastics meet
These fake Laker fans are holding on to any shred of dignity they have left. Go back to LA #BeatLA SunsVsLakers
SO HOW CAN I EARN MY ADMISSION?
Exciting news ahead for San Diego County's art scene...
Proof please!
<U+E41D> pray until something happens!
I was one of the lucky ones who asked early..
If you share the booze, we'll show you some drunk Tweets with a side of advertising. Maybe. Maybe not?
ugh i wish it was easier to get them ):
looking at pictures of you and listening to your covers make me emotional now.
so how are you doing bby boy?
i don't think it's "touristy", more like high powered. Can you say Crawfish Pies?! Delicious...
I need some pep. stat!
its a hot apple cider kinda day, c'mon!
POLLS coming up...revolving around #Tebow #Tiger...best responses get RTs....
-- thanks for the mention!! Purim Sameach!
New job. New car. New friends. I'm so happy!! :)
and where are the facts for this!?
bad news, look forward to seeing you back when the #yotto for milwaukee starts
#FF It's finally Friday! Have a great weekend!
Yea but they aren't TSRs RT : When tech support people are hired to read questions from an "If/Then" list, I go into a rage.
Having a moving sale tomorrow from 8-1.... Stop by and get a nice find!!!!
Tripled up first hand I played up around 60k right now.
Sometimes, sweet joy derives from extreme sorrow. Keep hope alive. Keep defending your right to exist in a world that seems to push you out.
No matter how many times I hear it I always sing along to the fresh prince theme song
Milk. Strawberry Syrup. Combine.
welcome with open arms and steak!
We're OPEN! “: you guys aren't closed are you??”
FYI, I've been following your blog since we met at the Corcoran. It's so good! :-)
Help a great cause by donating diapers or having a diaper drive. For more information email us at
inbox me your email and I will send my story to you:) like I said b4 u r going to like it:)
lol bye ...and I will
There are weeks you're Ted Williams and there are weeks you're Bill Buckner.
Them african tore my head up .....
Men Against Breast Cancer thank's you for including
Nick Young is the truth off the bench
they thought about it but you're too short.
Historian problem: can never remember how to spell steelyard like a modern person. Too many arcane spellings in my head.
I should go wake up ashley lls.
I love all of your tweets.....
barley tonight and Lizzie's tomorrow come!
Not worthy of the moniker "Snake Pliskin in Space"?
Hey, all. Abt 833,000 lovely people voted against Amendment 1 in North Carolina-Enough of hateful, stupid jokes. Work to make it better.
hey i just tweeted you. and this is crazy, but heres my twitter, so follow me maybe?
RT Tonight's topic is #blogging for biz! Pls share your blog URL, topic, target audience & date you started.
#Nuggets have allowed 4 offensive boards by #Lakers in 1st Q. That's too many.
RT : It's not how big your idea is. It's how INTERESTING your idea is. ~saulcolt
Its a cold game, better keep a warm jacket on.
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-73
eatting some hot pockets aha
Not sure what happened to the previous tweet. Payton got 1 year. Is Goodell saying that Vilma was just as culpable as Payton?
Thanks Ron, and yep, time flies when you're having fun.
. hope you took Chris Rene!
We're doing a nice #ceviche this weekend with #tilapia!!! Its already chilling and ready to be served.
did someone say party?
Killin all these rappers, you would swear I had a hit list!
YES!! I was worried at first when they were gonna put it out but it looks absolutely AWESOME!!
"The US doesn't compete against Germany. Detroit competes against Munich." Leinberger on why we need to support our cities.
feisty bitch ;)
went to SES CHICAGO 2010TRADE SHOW...
Welcome classy new followers , , , , and ! I am honored.
no, really?! RT "Fundraising will be challenging." -- Rick Tyler, head of Newt super PAC.
you better believe it!
I swear i dont care how go to school
The awkward moment when you make a joint call and forget to decide who's going to ask for the customer...so no one says anything...
at least you weren't on the motorcycle...guessing u won that battle. Hope everyone's ok
New Ulm will head to state for the fourth consecutive time. In seven games at the tourney, the Eagles have only won once. Outscored 56-10.
#thirstythursday..come line ya pitchers and flasks at the bar for that demon rum..
Watching at 9. I really like the beginning of our news now.
Life won't let you near, won't let survive. Compress your fear, let me open up your mind..
lol... I wish girl!
I'm at home sick -__-
RAYlicious! Way better than delicious. #MB lol
where do you plan on going? Need any pointers? Greatest city in the world!
Doesn't mention Obama veto threat? MT Ruppersberger on cybersecurity bill: Shows what can happen when Dems, GOP work together.
Thanks Greg! What're you up to lately?
DiD HE JUS SAY HE WANNA BE LiKE ME WEN HE GROWN UP BOL" oh
good call
change your password. You are sending me crazy ass messages.
Thanks for the support! RT : Looking for trusted service providers for your business/ start-up? Check out
Awesome photos! Looks like the students really enjoy the class. Have a great week!
the freaks don't go ta sleep we come out at night pahahahahaha
Legal Tip for the Day: Most chapter 7 cases are "no-asset" case, which simply means that you do not have any non-exempt property to be sold
no problem :)
How has Spo not made his subs yet? Chalmers and haslem dont help at all
Actually, it's refreshing to hear from people who love their jobs. I love mine, too, but who wouldn't?
Not yet! Planning to give it a shot tonight after work. :)
We need justice for #Trayvonmartin and all the boys and men that were killed and harassed because they are black.
On my way home(:
My older sister & neice are coming to eat lunch with & I. Love them :)
:P and feel better!
Mexican omelet at the Montreal airport was surprisingly good. 14 hours of air travel to go!
Thanks for following! We enjoy following & looking forward to learning more about you. We are a finance co in SV
Thanks, Andrea! Love your music. :)
I don't like you.
Do something right and nobody remembers. Do something wrong and nobody forgets.
There's a "sparkly" kind? Don't think I want to know...
Hold it down for Yung Trap
Riding mowers are one of life's simple pleasures. I relish every ride I take on one.
I don't wanna be in writing class. ugh. we are literally doing nothing today...
thanks for sponsoring me! “: #nyve NY Angels Sponsored 50 tickets for top entrepreneurs of New York”
Lol “ About 2 get in my d4l bagg,if I hear one more snoring sound!”
Nov. UW Golf Classes start tomorrow @ 5 & 6 pm. There won't be a Tues. Thurs. class this month. Thanks
For poetry, literature, art, theatre, wittiness, and general hilarity, #FF and Two sides of the same, shiny coin
Gah my throat is sore :/
i need money
Tonite's Dinner Feature: Wild Mushroom Enchiladas w/stir fry green beans and rice. Salmon Cheddar Soup and Banana Choc Chip Ice Cream.
We seriously need to get you a M-F job
You can't tell a book by it's cover, but you sure can sell a book by it's cover.
head up , stay strong . fake a smile , move on <U+2665>
My mom is my motivation : )
what are you doing at the movies when there is an OSU game on?!
Where u at? RT : Boom. Seats selected for Season Tickets.
I hate school. And most of all I hate getting up for it.
My next car is straight gon be a
If you only show up when everythings good and disappear when everythings bad...then i dont what you hear at all
oops. Sorry guys. ... but I was car number 2, right?
Sorry, folks. Myrtle and the other SC beaches simply cannot compare to the NC beaches.
Who's partaking in #EliteWeddingWednesday?
Are you serious? Where was it at!
One Step Closer
where u been at....i saw a tweet u did nd I'm ova here like oh shit i remember her
Starlito - Mental Warfare my song feel like its the soundtrack to my life
Rather than focusing on things and time, focus on preserving and enhancing relationships and on accomplishing results. --Stephen Covey
I have a writing deadline - of course, I'm cleaning out the refrigerator . . . and twittering.
Maybe I'm the only person over 12 who orders them but Taco Bell cinnamon twists should be in grocery store chip aisle
My iPhone just autocorrected some gibberish I wrote to "meatloaf king." Lolz.
But you totally are KG! A heaping mound of #FlopSoHard shit! RT : Hawks ain't shit...
I'm so good at making typos.
It is my decree that tonight shall be a cuddly night! Good eve. <3
Why is this Chew's twitter name?! Lol oh well B-Town!
Trying to find order in this chaos that is my life.
yes the other one is somebody that i use to know, get out.
i got one, seems similar to one that went around awhile most should know not to click it.
TODAY is your only chance to see #Casablanca back in theatres. Don't miss TCM Presents #Casablanca 70th Anniversary in a theatre near you.
The Old Testament as we have it seems to be an Iron Age document. Of course it is far from being one document. It is a library.
It's a wet one but a GREAT Day to SAVE - Come on by today, & SOAK UP THE SAVINGS - ALMOST EVERYTHING is 50% OFF! Shop, Support, and SAVE!
WHAT UP
I guess the jig is up. Please release her.
Not surprising. Everything will be canceled for a while. He may not be in that roll for long anyway.
Good morning and God bless...
Crushing code & enjoying the On Air Radio show
tomorrow is my big day. Press event for a new McDonalds nutrition program. more info to come. n ways to participate
“: I don't care how many times it is remade, the only real Robin Hood is the fox from Disney...”
": I miss them" dey said wat it do lol
Watching Stephen Colbert grill David Gregory on a mini Meet the Press on
now! :) come ova
Glad to be back podcasting at full strength with both and Jennifer Navarrete aka
refs, be fair on BOTH sides, not just on the majority of one side. sort of reminds me of when Spurs were in Utah last time with no big 3.
great book. I used it in my seminar on the Enlightenment this semester.
Finally the spring game wait is here. I hope Duck fans can exceed last year's attendance record. #goducks #wtd #Green vs.
does jlo have a lil nip slip?
Just saw Auggie Smith hilarious !!!!
sfhhgvisdfaudncfasufeha Just follow me please!!!!!!!!
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 21
Conductors of young or average choirs may be reluctant to order staggered breathing in rhythmically complex passages. They should not be.
'Sup World.
good luck this weekend kind sir. Congrats and have fun!
god... Queen is fucking amazing
Remember Y.O.D.O (you only die once)! Your not super Mario! There is no coming back!
#TandSballoon Robbie Furman teaching the worst balloon dog making class. www.balloonconvention.com
awwwuh! thank you! you made me cry!! happy tears of course! :,) It means a lot! <3
ok cool!c;
How useful the RSS feeds are depends on how the data is updated (partial vs bulk). We're working with the city on that.
wow, thanks for the support!! :)
The #Phillies gave us the #AmandaBynes treatment last night, #Hit&Runs all over the place, it was so bad I almost called
Up and at it with a protein smoothie on side of road. Watching tow trucks fly by with towed cars.
Is this a joke? RT : Who is a better better player Montae Ellis or Dirk Nowitzki?
Long ass day and another three ahead. Woo. The working life.
I just had a mental image of you overturning desks an kicking over chairs. Lol
loves her friends like a fat kid loves chocolate ice cream cake
I think is depressed :'(
thanks for the RT! Hope to see you today!
I have never in my life had a more loyal friend than Lean Cuisine
Door to door last night in Martinsburg. Met MARC commuters at 6 am then visit to Berkeley Co Humane Society animal shelter
This is totally fascinating. Great and most unexpected.
“: I wish I could do fun birthday things with Happy birthdays guys. I wub yewz” you can! Check your texts :) love you
Best thing I've heard so far today..."Don't do drag & get drunk"
haha thx. & traveling the world next year. starting off in the uk.
Good looks on killnn that vers!!
so bord idk what to do
Afternoon treat @ #kidscreen: getting to hear of Idiot Box talking about
The most important trip you may ever take in life is meeting people halfway.
For sure. Watched every NYE.
the moment when certain songs are related to your life.
“The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind.” William James
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-74
When u close your eyes for just a sec and then wake up cuz ur whole body jerks. What is that?
You know what vegan chicken and rice is?!?! RICE! Love
sadly I can't argue softness when he just got injured, but I think LMJ has performed much worse in big games than Darron
oh my God.
You're welcome and have a great one yourself!
yea i am sure i dont want them like right now but i mean within the next few years
A few Oxymorons 4 ur Monday: ~We are not anticipating any emergencies! ~ It's not an optical illusion,It just looks like one.~Act natural.
I loved your blog post. It's good to be reminded of the simple things that can be done while searching for a job. Thanks!
Harvard ROTC returns after a four decade ban. Find out what congressional decision changed the minds of administrators at this top tier...
The new confetti cake blizzard commercial woke me up. The problem is it's hard to find a Dairy Queen in Chicago. Afternoon!
really?! I'm jealous. I want to work with them!
OMG speaking of ********* did you guys see that "roast beef" pic I posted on FB?
discusses the new role of Twitter in casting at
So embarrassing when your roommate's family come over and your house is filthy dirty lol
Golden Rule of Improv: Always Say Yes. More will happen in your scene if you do.
Yes. That is class-skipping worthy.
hey...that's the exact same thing my grandpa said to me about a half an hour ago. too bad it's not gonna happen XD ;)
Waukesha needs a cracker barrel.
Our cat is officially like Pig Pen and walks around in a cloud of stray fur
I love how you hide things from me but whenever I wouldn't tell you stuff, you would get mad at me...
I wanna be loved like that
Listening to backstreet boys-as long as you love me !! Such a good band
I know it's corny, but follow your heart. Can't go wrong with that. Doesn't mean the decision is always easy, tho.
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hm. Have fun with that. (We're both kidding, right? I know I'm kidding.)
dude! what is up with that pic?!
When nothing's ever going your way, When you're shit out of luck, and you're feeling stuck, say, So, what, whatever <3 - Hot Chelle Rae
…cont) Museum of Design is listed a...
I hope the doughnut was good.
hey how's it going, are you in Miami tonight?
wanna hear a funny joke? 's last tweet.
I know we were right believing for so long
It's not you, it's me finally realizing that you're terrible for me
Good luck in your games tonight ! And good try tonight buddy.
Feeling gross after eating chick fil a <<<
"Tuesday's gone with the wind..."
How sick would it be if won the 100k high roller AND then 25k high roller at the EPT grand final?
What was your favorite vacation to date? Mine was Puerto Vallarta!
I think it's perfectly reasonable that people envisioned the internet of the 90s as one long Reboot episode.
It's finally Friday! Which Frank Sinatra song is putting you in a good mood today?
lmbo you funny.
Work on all the hw I have n get all the stuff I need ready for Sunday... Funfun
Fuck, I love Maggie Smith.
#Twitter #MockDraft #Ravens #Stanford #NFLDraft #NFL I can live with that...ABK...anybody but Konz!
Thanks for the #FF, ! Back atcha.
#whatifindattractive a guy who lets you wear their hat, sneaks up & hugs you from behind, notices all the little things & loves you for you
Awesome! Proud of you bro- can't wait to see it!
Just finished the first week. 42 pages! Pretty good. The Red is really amazing. Ben, our DP is kicking ass!
Opening song on #glee today ... Wow.
no girl sucks dick but somehow all niggas get head. niggas only fuck bad bitches yet all these ugly girls getting pregnant. somebody lying
Negativity posted via social media others will chime and the negative info will become a non issue
I thought it was left an unsolved mistery -__-
Running a 5k does not make it okay to eat 1/2 a pound of pimento cheese
Did you know there's a word for "fear of veggies?" It is Lachanophobia. Avoid this unhealthy phobia! cc
I agree that we need to have more silly festshrifts in honor of people's birthdays.
Want to end the Madden cover jinx forever? One word: Tebow.
IT'Z SICK
looking for an apartment, but living here yes.
killed that song!!!!
thinking I'm gonna have to go before Cinco de Mayo.
Jim, will you be on the channel 6 float today?
October starts are new safe sales...be sure to contact me on the RH2010 sale price!!!
Hey Garth, that was a haiku.
$55 for 1,000 full-color, double-sided business cards. Hit us up!
Love is a battleField
Yes. Yes, it is time.
been sick all weekend
It's cause I'm bored ;_;
1st #WINNING PIC OF NFL WEEK 2...RAMS/SKINS #TAKETHEOVER (37)...HARD TO USE RAMS & SCORING IN SAME SENTENCE, BUT THE SKINS WILL BE ON FIRE!
Thanksgiving is notorious for slow news days. Reporters will be searching for stories. So take advantage of it and get your free publicity.
"you ain't even white, you clear"
MIP Users: Stay up to date on your accounting systems! Free MIP Users Group Thurs, April 19 at 9:30am.Register before its to late 344.3933!
I no!! And mosho isn't being very happy :P lol
Amanda Bynes: Are You Surprised By Her DUI? There are celebrities you expect to have brushes with the law and celebrities you expect to g
Yes. I bought everything online and it actually all arrived on-time! Just a few more hours at the library...
I just ate so eat me !
DM me you email address young lady
We are 2nd Chance Bailbonds located in Los Angeles, CA
has not eaten.
Finally managed to get a free ticket. Wow, what a hot mess that was...
RT : Exclusive: Ill Mondo's new album De Novo is incredible, for real www.illmondo.com
hope our paths cross at some point.
This song goes out to all strippers and bikini barista's! Live on the 104.9fm The Brew or iHeartRadio coming up next!
"Top Administrators are partners in leadership with the Mayor and other leading politicians."
That part of the video nearly killed me. I was in tears from laughing so hard.
ALL NEW Saturdays at La Vida starting this Sat 4/16.
It'll be a different TV news world without Don Germaise's big stories, big dramatic flair, and big heart. We'll miss you !
im havin a house party... it might be after the tour though
Forget the Super Bowl, it's all about the Puppy Bowl! Let's go CB you adorable Shih Tzu/Beagle mix and Sophie you cutie Shih Tzu.
this guy at wells fargo though >>>>
Ahh... I haven't heard or seen JMHS in a long time... I'm an '02 grad.
Keep coming back for more, keep coming back for more...
we're working in reverse. I'm not sure I'll start the show until I finish the books.
Thanks for the follow!
get me one!
Praise is like sunlight to the human spirit we cannot flower and grow without it.
WSJ: Obama to collage grads. Under my plan, half of you will go directly to government assistants after you graduate. ,)
Ive got electrolytes to replace f thee dehydration .. Headn down to the store for bottles of water n gatorade -weakn sick
Cali on my mind
Agenda for the day: track down the 10 Retros, watch #RealMadrid and my #Heat win...hit up On The Mat for some new shirts!
Am so relieved to see your Tweet--was worried about U with hurricane. Just sent you an e-mail. Irene
Really enjoying it. Next up: The Art of Fielding. Any other recs? I have a 14hr flight on Saturday, so I'm all ears!
I'm tweeting cause I haven't done so in a while. Like real life, I really don't know what to say. . .
..that moment when what should be a simple show, has now turned into a fulltime 24/7 job.
I bet the #NIT on ESPN get almost as many viewers as games on
a guy at one of those rafting resorts that got arrested for creeping late at night and staring into cabins
she got wrinkles falling from everywhere,tattoos dripping, gym shorts don't fit & to top it off ha & ha girlfriend standing here making out!
why why me #frustrated time to run
Fires in Los Alamos are something else in a bad way. NM National Guard is on the way to help out. Go NM. let's save these folks.
I think you covered it. Zack brought around beers...
Danny O is just another link in the chain between you and Madison. Come home this fall!
Just saw 2 little girls wearing a Justin Bieber sweater . Omg I love them . . <U+2764>
Hooray! MERRY CHRISTMAS! <3
#buckyvsducky tomorrow! Need to get some work done before then though.
I love that classifies its projection calls as "news"
ESSENTIAL #whatsnextdc businesses must consider importance/diversity of legal issues when using social media for your marketing campaigns
i love being with TBW Model Management !
#21strep is speaking at the Edmonds Landing tonight! 6:30pm. Come find out why she is the better candidate for #Wa State Legislature!
A smile is the best makeup that a girl can wear.
WTF? Steve Jobs announces resignation?! First earthquake in east coast, now this.. too much to handle...
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYAUSTIN <<<<< Get it trending guys!!!! <3
yeah I need to....maybe in the morning
Great night to make
Sex without love is an empty experience, but as empty experiences go it's one of the best.
Some people would rather get even instead of get ahead. -Les Brown
Thoroughly enjoying Julian Barnes' The Sense of an Ending.
congrats on the Alex!
Anyone Having problems logging into myspace...error code.
SilkCharm thanks for following me on Twitter!
Looks like I'm bringing more brookies tomorrow. Welp.
I ask myself that everyday :(
New show announcement- June 15th at knickerbockers in Lincoln,NE. Bands-Furiosity,The Clincher and Sam Vega from California!
What a blast #ad2Honey is tonight!!
I think its kinda dumb when some mahomies steal beliebers quotes about Justins haters and change it to being about austin. Like really?
Only 8 people subscribe to The Ethicist's NY Times RSS feed. Dunno if this surprises me or merely affirms my suspicions about humanity.
how is that a prize? RT : night tweeps! Don't forget u can winc ur CLUB LEVEL seats for tomorrows finale (next to )
Gingrich saying to those around him: "Why is Obama allowed audience response but not I?" SOTU
that sounds good!
I do!
Let me check our Midwest distributors. What zip code are you in?
RT my 1,200th tweet goes out to ! I'm ready for the jayhawks to beat the wildcats tonight!
A true friend gets you a case of Anchor Steam as a graduation present.
I know, but sometimes you have to just get over that! You are doing everything you can for yourself at the moment.
Its funny when you know someone is bullshitting you because you seen them do the same thing to other people.
He is risen...hallelujah! Let's not forget what this amazing day is all about!! We are not worthy and yet he says we are!! How beautiful..
You deserve it
We talk about businesses providing superior customer service, as they should. Clients need to remember good manners too.
#ncce kid said 'if I had one hour to live I'd spend it in this class bc it feels like an eternity" is our education system listening?
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection. -Buddha
not but you can get it on his phone :P kinda the same thing anymore...never leave home without your phone
Is it ok of me to have a picture of my ex and i on fb when im in a relationship with someone new????
i think the new twitters too wide though.....
well mostly... Lots to do to get settled properly but it's coming along nicely.
haha they look like mountains on his arms
Are they going to Passion 2012?
Join other Teens to discuss the Adventures of Sherlock Holmes at the River Park Branch on April 18th at 3:30pm. Call 282-4635 for more info.
Happy Friday! Any exciting activities with you #pets planned?
When you're at a party and you hear your favorite song and you're like <U+30FE>(<U+2267><U+2207><U+2266>*)<U+309D>THIS IS MY JAM!!!!!!
Solid marg sesh with and significant company. Let's do that again!!
Now listening to Sheherazade. The clarinet player is phenomenal.
Are u kidding me?
Lol yeah usually I dn't care either, but like the jokes people are making are so retarded =__= but whatever lol
On my way!!! j/k When do you take off for loex?
cant wait for them!!!!
Coming soon! Request appointments, give us your feedback, and "like" us for special deals via Facebook!
Got a special crew joining me tmrw night at Hotel indigo, yall! 1990's Hit writer, Reese Wilson, and my new favoriten Blue Foley. 9:30 dntwn
More than ready for Four Tet at Who else is hitting up this show?
hot damn tyler posey is attractive
And listening to Miles Davis is just mellowing me out too much!! ahh! #needThatCoffeeBaaaby !!
Can't wait to see you play again tomorrow bro.
SHOOT. I always get those states mixed up... I'll bring you along anyways, yeah?
"if you follow your duck, doors will open where you didn't see doors before" - Joseph Campbell
Doug Collins finally got them to make the call everyone has been asking about for the past 4 years. Why call that now?
I get to work some really great graphic designers everyday. Thank you team for all your creative minds, good design, and collaboration.
as did yours! Cheers and thanks!!
[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, "What are you doing?" You respond: "Yep! Made in heaven!"
did you see the ones parat had? Looked sturdy.
is hellcats gonna be done for ever ??? it makes no sense Dan is supposed to be with marty n what's gonna happen with Marty&her dad
Happy First Day of Spring! What a beautiful day in NYC!
&&' Theey're still playing songs... xD.
Checking in @ Connected Oscar Gift Suites @ Avalon.
Beyond skid marks...tar marks.
Getting ready to install a home theater in Chandler for one of our best customers using for the High-definition television signal.
#cw09 tech makes students more productive bad writers
salty osu fans say kansas fonna get smashed
lol I think Amy's onto something. lol
- and to all #BCEagles fans - a question to all - will we win on Saturday?
Tonight! Come celebrate life with #teamtaurus at club 58. Free Parking, beautiful people. No dress code
WTF, a women fainted in the middle of Tigers back swing...wild.
Where was the review on that????
SAN DIEGO SUPER CHARGERS!
Gonna go watch the Sandlot because that movie rules
Maybe instead of begging for more followers try tweeting something that makes people hit the retweet button instead of the unfollow one
Please say hi after the show! And get there early. We start right on time. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084>
it's so good!
Hi Rihanna.
Wow...I didn't know that you tweeted my blog! Thank you!!!! Sweet!
Reviewing my options, I can't resist another Borges quote. Been a few years since I've read much of him, but he just resonates in my mind...
Aaaaaaaannnnnnddddddd, I'm done bitching :) today was lovely. <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
You definitely
twitter can be buggy!
Headin over to 's to hopefully finish this duet I've been working on. Sounds so sweet. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Of all the schools (and school districts) in the state, only one has gone to BOTH finals. So proud of our team.
Am crazy about "Looking For the Pony" play at Detroit Rep. Of course, my husband's in it, (shameless plug) but nevertheless, great show!
Target has just as many thank you cards for Pet Sitters as for Teachers.
Just finished watching the WWDC keynote. Pretty amazing stuff coming over the next couple months.
Knowledge is worthless unless you can teach it to others.
Just saw Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speak at Georgetown University.
#HRDemo10 Aruspex wins award as best Strategic Workforce Planning solution-a great award at a great show-folks really engaged on demos
The delay of game rule needs to be expunged.
SWEET Reference! Camelot music!
Believe it when u see it
GIFBOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PEW INSTAGRAM! dude I l literally like all your instagram pictures :/
lol! She sleeps pretty well surprisingly for 11 days old. It's mommy/daddy/yaya who mess up her schedule.
pause.... (grabs keys) Im on the way!!
thanks this will be our 4th time at were so excited!
Gonna get an A on this test
However, removing the comment, which was expected, is bad practice. The core philosophy of managing social is transparency. ;)
Sometimes I love being a #saturdaylibrarian. So many great reader's advisory questions.
just hit ~2200 on mage last night in 3s. Down to 2270 or so in my priest's 3s :( frustrating. 2270 in 2s though on the priest!
North Carolina: where you can marry your cousin, unless your cousin is a filthy homo in which case, ewww you perv.
Thanks #Kirk for knocking Clemson
ikr! Just tense and worn out nothing bad just norm lol
They weren't joking about #fearfactor this season..HOLY CRAP!
Happy as usual :)
cool never been to NYC but luv to go some day .
what!? this is a travesty!!
LMBO FB & Twitter people post I'm going away for 5 days then wonder why their house was broken into.... Speaking the truth!
*Mom looking at pre-calc test review* There's WAYY too many letters for this to be a math test !
Your tweets to totally had me looking at what they are doing. It worked!
Man Ima miss fucking with the few of my classmates I did fuck with...
love you gal.
I have sprained shoulder while this is going on. I hate greedy ppl. They should be burned on a stake.
I wanna sleep...
As soon as my students leave im.getting in my car and its dueces
is crafting a blend of rare malt and grain scotch #whiskies, distilled and maturing since 1952, to be called Diamond Jubilee
For a bank? Wow that's a pretty big deal. Best of luck.
RT if you're an avid user!
RT : Hoosier Beer Geek - A Beer Blog for Indiana, from Indianapolis.: Hoosier Beer Geek in Indianapolis Monthly...
The Jordan 12's they orange and white
Why do the biggest a-holes on the road usually have a Coexist bumper sticker?
Dear One Direction , Y U BE SO SEXY ?!! Love , Mee (:
Pics 13 and 14 of Tim Jefferson and Anthony Wright are absolutely classics.
I do, too!
Couldn't have said it better myself! RT : EdgeRank is to Facebook as the PageRank is to Google.
Looking for a comedy agent help...check me out on youtube.com Look at your head-Les
what's up?
Same here, 28 yrs ago! Just about to lock door leaving with baby, etc, he pukes all over me! Back inside, start over :+D
LAZER TUNNEL!!!! fell in a transe last summer at mercy lounge in nashville
Dr. Sellitto applauds the #Ant-Bullying Association for their work saying "Keep standing up."
Michigan with a pair of baserunners in the third but Mcintosh with a strikeout to get out of the jam. UW up in bottom of 3rd trailing 3-0.
No, I don't add people who retweet me to an awesome list. Okay, maybe I do. And maybe people in this industry like to hire their friends.
Killer crossover from Stuck...then a triple!!!! Go
simply irresistible!
he is a classic. and hes on family guy.. lol
Looking for a more heart healthy option? Try the Beef Baja Taco. It’s low in sodium and cholesterol.
Now watchn. Thnk like a man
My coach just danced up on me #funniest thing ever
I just have to say that I love BVB Your songs have helped me alot and I cant thank you enough for that Thanks so much! I love you!
Tweeting from the eight people occupied 214! My Team, My Section.
P.K. Subban is just awful. Way to throw a high hit, then go completely limp when reinforcements come to kick your ass. You are garbage.
because I'm awesome :)
Bobby Byrd: "I’m reading a galley of Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe by Benjamin Alire Sáenz.
May have just landed a marketing job! So excited! :D
Wat A STEAL!!!
Watching movies is a spiritual undertaking. It's an exercise in witnessing life. Be the detached watcher of your own movie.
Yes we are accepting boxed food as well!
. I'm surprised you even have to say this. Of course you need to show your work as a UX, esp. for a mid-senior position!
Did you catch the Thiebaud cake doodle on Google yesterday? Gee, there should really be more art about baked goods.
did you get some furniture yet hah :p
Took 's car to the shop so I got to my office 30 minutes early. Extra #newbery reading time!
thats what's up
Ma nigga just got drafted.
#reasonsthatweareallhumanandshouldstopjudgingeachotheronmusicbecausewealllikedifferentthings. Trend that.
Itt was only juss a dream...
Did I see you passing by Naked Lounge? :)
oh those are the best. Love making those.
well, you've always got a guest room to stay in if you want,
Dad, I wake up every morning on my own without your help.. So stfu and gtfo of my face. You're off work, go to bed. Bye
A big MAHALO to K2 Sports for joining us today on the Kings' Course. Everyone played well and enjoyed the Hawaiian sunshine!!
don't get smart Niggah. But they one fb
Almost to UF...
CarGo tests the fortitude of the bricks in the RF wall; dives into second with 2-out double and Tulo stepping into the box...w/1st base open
First Friday Rocks, rocks! So we hope to see you here for awesome live music. It's May 4 at 10pm! Did I mention, free?
we meet up in the parking lot meehhhbeee ? lol i say parking lot
Real world beckons. Pump out a few articles. Back to the steenbeck.
THANKS SO MUCH.. I FOLLOWED BACK
Chris: SAA lets you have electronic access to the literature, which is a great tool
RT : Growth and comfort do not coexist. -- Ginny Rometty, IBM CEO. She's so right!!
thanks for having QUALITY entertainers on your show!
First Day of School, First Day of School.
omg you're killing me.
We were waiting for our food & he was entertaining himself by practicing 'tude for the camera.
ish true feller. That there damn shauce dun made me slap my momma
Mary, when i first saw the article, i thought it said Phil Spector wrote it.
DYK? In Massachusetts, it is forbidden to put tomatoes in clam chowder. Not sure how they "forbid" it? More like a guideline? Le Peep Out!
yaaaaaay! That's right, he should know better! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><U+263A>
The media is going to have a FIELD DAY with Perry
either way, it's a good day for meatballs
they have to play some D, but wow Dallas is on fire.
thanks for following! I look forward to your tweets as well!
*I havre the same thing
gahhh well the only solution is for us to make bad decisions together
its not funny ima start blowin yo phone up when i dont have ish to do (:
Donald trump has a birds nest in his hair.(:
or the bloodshot reality.
Big crowd at the tx Capitol for the new tejano monument. Ceremony at 10 am if any of y'all are downtown Austin.
Thanks Steve. I know a Myers and that's more important.
lost in the Aegean Sea... ;-)
good luck!!
Wait, how was that a ball?
lets get a bachelors pad together with
I hope that what you really wanted wasn't found under the tree this morning. You can't wrap love. Merry Christmas!
in other news, my hair is now frozen, five minutes after leaving the building
Recovering from the Cubs/Sox series. Slowly.
aw good to see you here again!!
So focused
If I'm the Grizzlies, there is NO WAY i'm letting CP3 beat me with Griffin fouled out. Double/triple team. Evans, Foye prove yourselves.
getting excited for tomorrows game?
when u birth a child into this world.. u never know what u birth until they get grown...wheather they become good, bad!!`
WOW! Way to go Giants!
did not know that if your sick a SK shot can really help you thanks for the 411 on SK
You can only live once. LOL JK, IM A CAT.
So cold I'm getting chills, and flinching every time the construction workers downstairs do anything loud (which is often). Happy Monday.
yeah I know right ! It sucks sometimes
Wow RT : My dream event. MT : John Jeremiah Sullivan & Geoff Dyer in conversation at 192 Books, 3/9
Thought for the Day: "Either you run the day or the day runs you. " - Jim Rohn
seriously RT : More Fire Chief Tucker, less politicians at the news conference today, ok?
RT : Weather vanes (or what he calls "core values") and See-saws (or what he calls "policies") #thingsmitttakescreditfor h/t JH
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives.
can't find my glasses again!!!
checking in as to our progress on becoming a dealer. Get any turkeys?
How courageous!
well its a start Lmao!
Will certainly touch base when new site is good to go. :)
RT #TeamTurnUp are we hitting water for some Beer Pong?
Yes. It doesn't make him any less of a misogynist idiot.
I love the sound of my #StudHub's laugh!
Thank you for ur help! MT : I wouldn't have traded all the back and forth in the last month for DI for anything.
I KNOW!!!! Thats what I wanted so much from the beginning, and then Sally an Anderson would be nice too.
{Raises Hand} “: Now then, by a show of hands, who's gonna be out howling @ the soopah #moon tonight? #supermoon”
VINNY FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!<U+2665>
Can't decide what to watch. So bored tonight.
bittersweet I might miss that class but I'm def getting my 10 pts tomorrow
No need to let a bit of weather scare you off from coming out tonight for cheap beers and great laughs! Aim high! Reach for the stars!
Are all music videos about product placement !?!?
Poring over yesterday's INALJ, contemplating how far from Annapolis (new house) I'm willing to commute.
too bad I'm not there drumming <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Well, I went to the Today Show and I heard that afterwards he was recording something later that night so I asked some girl
Gee. I wonder where Mark Zuckerberg got the idea of asking people to invest in Facebook to "keep it free" from ;)
ur a funny cat though
I'd also say, it doesn't have to be just you but a trusted collaborator as well can watch & give you that visceral feedback.
Field trip for Foundation tomorrow. Should be pretty amazing.
that's what I'm thinking about. I <U+2764> macaroni!!!!
*tee hee* awesome RT I'm doing a seventh grade leaf project. Sure hope I get an A. It's Freaky Sunday.
haha what's up?
Do we have cultural heritage conservationists in Pakistan? Who are you?
Dizzying pace in this BYU-Iona game - wow - and little to no D being played
Cracked my damn screen on my phone SO pissed right now. Amh
I guess always expect the unexpected...
just in time for our trips :)
This has been a really long day so far, and I'm going to dinner with my family so I think it's about to get longer.
Old movies like Grease & la bamba are my favorite.
Healthy, organic, and now approved by ediets.com - Pick up your bottle of Gourmé Mist at your local Kroger July 20th.
wat is the best way to get u to say hi??
$ENTI ihub board is brutal.... the bashers have really come out.
well.. we will how it plays out.. it is still anybodies playoffs.
The rays of happiness, like those of light, are colorless when unbroken. Henry W. Longfellow
We had technical problems with our sign up page. All the bugs have been fixed so if you had trouble signing up please try again. Thanks
#ff to and her lil baby forming:))
Us too :) RT : Excited to see everyone soon!
Yeah, I was the biggest fan of Quark for like a decade.
Im not hating on henne. I think he has potential. He could get much better
quoting "The smartest person in the room is the room..."
Isaiah 40:29 He gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak.
go get em!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have a surprise for you but you're going to have to wait until later tomorrow :P Love you!
I'm good!! My birthday is Saturday, come over!!
holy shit, in this song the priest sings "It's not my fault If in God's plan. he made the devil so much stronger than a man"
(By the way folks, kidding about 'maybe' going to #pdf12. Wouldn't miss it. And neither should you!)
"You have pretty eyes."
Seeing webinars would make me MORE want to attend conferences.
RT : Like Guy Fieri? You can meet him in the national "Search for the Next Pork Personality" - www.theotherwhitemeat.com
yeah shoot me the info. One of my artist/producers is out there. I'm out here in the west.
Psalm 138:6 Though the LORD is exalted, he looks kindly on the lowly; though lofty, he sees them from afar.
Look 4 the Jeffersonville/Clark County NAACP "Uniqueness Unlimited Fashion Show" on Sat April 21. Email "" - JDG
Bring on philly! Home court advantage lehgoooo!
cry about it
GABORIK!!! i don't even care who wins but that game was crazy
We're coming down to the wire, who will win - Bill or Teya?
The hidden places and buried treasures are often in our hearts.
I agree. Yelling at my TV like crazy....LOL
i needs to get the fucks out this house
Have you gotten your tix for this year's festival?? Which performance are you going to?? :-)
Why did dhall decide to put everything on a stick tonight?
I just followed 3 drinking establishments aka bars. Hmm what does that say about moi?
blog it anyway, make it again another time and replace the pics in the future.
the pics should be in my page
I'm voting for the backless shift dress designer
I Love You More :)
I didn't watch #Community tonight, sheepshead trumped it.
#ItsHardTo not make any jokes about METX loco #132, because of its bell which rings 2x per second. Geesh, geesh, geesh!
It's been a bomb ass morning so far.
Bye Donovan. Hate to see you go.
Love you girl!!!
aw thank you!
quantum leap of faith...
Found "The Amazement Revolution" by Shep Hyken at Barnes & Noble. Looks good. Didn't see it on Amazon.
We had a wonderful time at the Union League Club listening to Jane Maas. Thanks for a great evening, Jane!
I enjoy the last quarter of all basketball games. Sarah Silverman
What up Chase? It's Jake Da Snakes manager Jeremy. Nice work on #NoTalking. I have a couple new MCs. We should get to work!
DO NOT FORGET!!!!! Stretching and mobility class will be help this SUNDAY at 10am!!!!!!
Aw. I wish I had more sway or that number would be way higher.
When a mom spends $500,000 on baby pageants and her daughter shuts down on stage. #toddlers&tiaras
#airlines Flight 1339 has a software update? Don't you think they should do that at another time? Friend is first class too!
Answers to a few DMs: Yes my wife really spanks me. Yes, I have to take my pants down. And her hand has mostly been replaced by a hairbrush.
thanks! Same to ya!
i feel gross :L
Happy Birthday to my dad!
Thank you. I hope so too. :)
I miss you I like you
let's go for the end of the year instead
yep, that's what I was asking!
Haha but there is no debate... RBIs is like saying "run batted ins" which makes no sense!
Kramnick: Form gets us away from authorial intent.
Wow! RT : 96% of the online population is using #SocialMedia. According to #LinkedIn research
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement. - Henry Ford ,
I think my relationship with coffee might be purely physical.
<U+2665> Happy Bday ;)Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?&make her shut up , finally ? She can't stop talking bout ya ;D(2)
yeah what a butt head!
": Where my double Ds at where my C cups at lmao" Baby B's in the house!! XD
I keep my cars for their entire "life" span, so I better love it! :) (fingers crossed)
Fan of #gospel brunch? for a limited time, Receive 4 for the price of 3! Contact for more information!
a person who doesn't value u in the present, will never understand your worth in the future!
WE WON!
Hard to say, definitely thru the next fortnight or so. Do share your illustrations, too.
I hate moving furniture!!
thank you <3
Wow. Full moon. Coyotes throughout the desert are howling!
I'll give you a call tomorrow when i know if it's ready to pick up!
portlandia moment of the day: rolled up dress pants to bike to work, couldnt roll them back down when i got there
following you can you follow back?
Plz DM me. I just bought ur jersey and was jw if I mail it 2 u could you sign it so I can frame it? I'm a HUGE fan. I even
Oof! Sorry, that stinks. I feel your pain.
Oh damn...Listen to the radio on Yahoo messenger...Yep I need to shake it like a salt shaker tonight...Love to dance!!!
CRAFTY DEAL: Refinery 29 (booth 77) offering all vintage items either $9 or $20 to celebrate their launch. Mention this tweet!
he's real. I worked in a law firm that hired some of his associates.
I miss jersey shore:(
Live tweeting brain surgery right now!
Thats the same exact thing it means in America as well!
Today is about to be
follow me and I'll follow you!
Too lose this series to Houston shows we r at bottom..
And above all things God chose to sacrifice himself just for us. Now thats love! Show some Jesus love people! Come to Jesus!
THE ZOO KREW x LAMBORGHINI DEE X PUCK x DJ SINCEER WILL BE PERFORMING LIVE AT BABA BUBANS MAY 19TH AFTER THE GYPSY FEST.
Good morning tweeters... I think I am finally over my headache... Going in to work this morning....
so always talks about you and i decided to lurk your twitter.. your officially one of my favorite people.
Two New Songs Off My New Cd "The Intro" Will Be Posted On My Site Tommorow - 442 Fans So Far - Next Hundred - New Song - BAM!!!!
#vra2012 I need to be paying better attention in this session, but I am distracted thinking about the bracelet I want to buy.
Good #HelloMornings Princesses! Ur Precious Sisters 2me& Beloved2 our KING! BeStill&Know He Is GOD. Oh the Delight of Being HisGirl! LuvU:)
Eli Manning is the man
Me, Myself & I: Volume IV is tonight featuring Chris Dudley, Donne the Wychdokta, Gilbert Sanchez and Jude Luna.
Time for a special photo shoot! Super excited for this one!
Wow another video of you and your crew rolling around the city like you own the place.
lmao XD people like that just need to move over and drive in the slow lanes..hahaha
you are very good looking and i love your tweest!
I thought it would have been nice to do it after so maybe thats something we can work out with the bars themselves.
fashion lives!!
I'm bout to take these wings down and study my cram packet
Thanks for stopping by the booth, sorry I missed you! Hope you enjoyed the show!
The first of three #finals today... wish me luck!
Yes #PocketTees round two this summer
“: #FunnyAdultMovieTitleOfDay "Meatless Muff Bumpers 9"”. That series hit its peak with number 4
Oxygen = life ... When the body's pH is balanced, it is in an aerobic state, or full of oxygen.
Must go to today and try the new orange blood fro yo. Looks amazing.
I love you baby and I want you to know I gave up on the rest because you were the best you have my heart. I miss you.
its whatever Josh i just want you to mean that your actually sorry . ! o:
“: If u want in your room go to Gronknation.com and check out the Fathead link."
Your mood completely brought down mine. Thanks
hey how r u
#Bcltorphanworks Lydia Loren: lets not call them orphan works, but works held hostage!
belated thanks for the #FF mention. Don't forget to "spring forward" to daylight savings time.
#dr.Santelises says has a vision for every kid will receive comprehensive sequential arts Ed.
Joakim Noah has 11 offensive boards and 4 on the defensive end. How is that possible?
Thank you!! You'll have to make the Atlanta to #Denver trip to visit us. RT What a beautiful new museum...!
argh. so frustrated. alas, c'est la vie. at least our receipt has the right date. ;)
Hello brother...I hope you are blessed!!!!!!!
#Taurus MB guy of the day: Ray
Children's books that say lions live in the jungle: stop it. Lions live in the savannah.
Same! RT I keep getting distracted by the mysterious girl in the fabulous Spring '12 dress in the background
THANKS BRO FOR THE BEAT I APPRECIATED..
It's bad when a therapist loses hope - I think this marriage is already as vicious as the "War of The Roses".
Glad you enjoyed. Thanks so much!
To the greatest followers in the world. One of you will win a custom twitter background like our pros use today! Follow & RT 2 B eligible!
Thinking of slow-mo karate routines I could go through during Tweezer Reprise & Moma Dance.
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe. ~ Carl Sagan
I love that. It's also satisfying when the turn signal syncs up to the music.
It's illegal to eat an orange in the bathtub in California. I learned that playing V100 LAW & ORDER. Listening to V100 can make you smarter!
Exciting day. We bottled our first Early Mountain vintage. Check out the video from our owner
Americans will always do the right thing—after they’ve exhausted all the alternatives. —Winston Churchill
I'll be performing at Hard Rock Improv tonight - 8PM - I will NOT be naked....
Baptist Health will build a medical complex that will include a 26k sq ft emergency center and 80k sq ft, 3 story office building.
I haven't done the physical tickler file, but use OmniFocus to schedule tasks.
NEW class begins! Femdon Domination for the submissive who has the gift of service! Get the training package now!
Don't holdout on us. How was the dinner with Michael Bolton and Tom Wolfe?!
#ifyouonlyknew how much I hated you.
Thank you for "Witness" video tweet.
So guess where my jobs gonna start at? Keansburg Amusement Park (;
What are going to be up to out here?!
Want to know how Scentsy can help you raise money for your favorite club or charity? Contact me for details!www.lindseydecker.scentsy.us
via Justin LivinbyDesign Robinson If you get a new You..You can get a new year.. because You are the main character in every year of yo...
thanks dear!!
So what time are you coming over?
Hi, DP-F, Thanks so much for mentioning me. Greatly appreciated. All best to you.
No the sexiness is over! And Louis has a mustache hehe
2. Even if u do go for govt plan, I dont read this to require you to give them access. It just says the goal is to have capacity
'Real G'z' Demo #Mixtape joint AND 'Home Soil' #Original produced by KnightMare Musik due to #Drop tonight!! & !!!
Yeah you right! Me too!
Keep hearing/seeing the message- 'do it'- from different sources. I think God's trying to tell me to stop procrastinating and get busy!;)
Now your just somebody that I use to know
siri what do I do with the dead hookers
haha thank u I hope so :))
no! I'll stop tweeting "deep" tweets haha
Hi Heidy. Thanks for the follow and here's a wave to you and your little one! Best wishes Stuart
Sometimes the right decisions have the wrong outcome.
Wow, I 95 in VA is Jammed SB from the Beltway to VA-123 off and on
Warning: if you listen to that last link, be sure to stop the video at 3:25, the next song that starts playing is pretty wild.
Do u really care
To quote Kiel Johnson: "there are two kinds of people in the world. Those who have ridden a bike share and those who have not".
never, just getting my singles ready
Harry Styles look a like on the beach. 'Why hello there' ;)
Do you know what you bring to the table?
#MerseysideDerby tomorrow at 8am! Who ya got for the win?
Put your cape on, you're a super hoe.
I can't bro these guys are ridic
GO FOLLOW shes really nice!
RT : Today was my last day interning for ! thank you for everything!
Thanks for listening to our music! Be sure to like us on facebook.com/untileleven :)
Does anybody have the booking contact info for the Neon Desert Music Festival?
TEST FOR HIV INFECTION - Sometimes HIV is silent. It doesn't cause any symptoms at all.
Even when I sit next to her, all I smell is a bitch.
Giants in 5 next year, suck it phillies, we beat your starting 5 once not afraid for another beating, x factor= Brandon Belt!!!
He almost threw his hand awy on rvr. Says "u got it " & shows missed flush. Srry my 6 hi cant beat it..anyway, it was comical despite losing
I did need help with my challenge. Thanks, you made me a champion. It's Led Zeppelin btw
I'm great! Ur own poetry or various poets?
you rocked freemont street sat night we had a blast
Really enjoying the tweets coming through the #MW2012 list I set up, an amazing bunch of people! More names to add though
My evening so far: a guy in a goat mask, two elephants fornicating, and a guy smashing a cake who may or may not have been imaginary...
fighter and Hawaii's Maka Watson lost to Ryan Couture of via majority decision.
Happiness is my grandson, Tyson, knows how to give me a kiss on the cheeks b4 I leave for the studio. How cool is that?!
So! I just had my first full day of work at a LA florist shop! Woo! #yaymaking$$$
See! Nat'l dems don't seem to understand that the fight for WI in Nov, starts now with the recall.
I'm a good driver for da most part tho :B
It's Friday and we love it! Come in and pick up some new polish for the weekend and check out our Breast Cancer awareness booth!
Nothings ever promised tomorrow today
second of three days enjoying my
I do believe the agreement was when you hire staff from us!!! Let us know your size though, just in case ;)
So glad you are tweeting the 100th show!
That awkward moment when boys and girls can't just be friends.
Eating frosted flakes with no milk
these little things makes you beautiful(:
have called that number for the past 10 days to no avail. Just told to refax authorization 4 times. Any other suggestions.
THAT IS ADORABLE. I love you guys <3
“: Few things say Thanksgiving like Nickelback”. Try "turkey" or "family" or "love" or
Good Morning Kyle
yeah I seem to have been on one since I turned 21. So a year. Ha
have fun and I hope he is packer fan :)
we dont rock no gangster clothes, we be rockin wrangler jeans
i was in the 212
Ready to leave!
Yep I am precious
Enjoyed watching the Penguins kick it and win it last night!
We have a choice every day regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day. - Chuck Swindoll
It’s easy to forget that other people also have stressful lives that we can’t even begin to imagine. ~Richard Carlson
You were awesome this morning on ! Stoked for tonight!
Yum! Enjoy your lunch!! :D RT : monicals with the pops
i love all y'all... I miss you niggas to....
oh you
no joke, i'd probably freak out inside if i ever met .
Watching family guy
I hate the spurs cause of that.lmaoo
Wishing the new Canon 1.4/50mm would come out.
Oh my GOSH!I wish I knew that.I seriously got the run around today.Everyone was pointing their fingers to someone else.Frustrating.
#NASA has done so much to lead the way for gov't in social media. Fingers crossed.
Sorry for party rockin
Taking out wrath on short stories...poor writers!
feel like complete shit :( i want to go homee!!
First time all year I actually stay for lunch and a fight breaks out. LOL
Starlin Castro is LAZY
Baltimore Best Crabs recommends LP Steamers 1100 E Fort Ave• Baltimore (410) 576-9294 Steamed Crabs - Cold Beer - Roof Top Deck great eats!
where's the watering hole here
Thank you god
Hopefully, NEVER used as a learning tool in any form of education about any actual history
It hurts again :( wahhh.
What do you call someone who hangs out with musicians? A drummer.
I cant wait!! RT: : Opening Day is February 4th! Earliest opening date in 20 years!
RT : Honey that would be in bad taste. 5th wedding is traditionally "Smack my Bitch up" by Prodigy.
send me some questions and I'll do my best.
u should feel honored..
Gradual showers overnight will end into the later morning. Some clearing expected. Highs around 70
great event this weekend! My #brewski tasting glass will be on display at the #ShowClix office!
HOLY MOTHER OF GOD ABSOLUTE DESTRUCTION
Please follow they are firefighters raising money for by cycling from slough to Newquay in 3days. Thanks!
no I don't
#WeWontWorkIf you don't praise every word I say
Not tryna be cocky I got yo heart in my pocket
Keynote Speaker Donald Snider VP of Urban Economic Development from the MEDC calling all business owners..startups & existing 5/18 10am
it was a great one! New follower here in Tulsa.
First day of October. ^-^ Its soo beautiful... :3
Bob's 47 on tap at Let's see how long it holds out.
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 39
Tonight! CLOSING NIGHT of in DEAR JOHN MAYER. 8pm, OpenFist theatre. Openfist.com. Don't miss this show!
how do we attain credentials to log into the website?
I think you should join me.
LISTENING TO HIM HERE!:)
it was good....really good....Blake is still munching on it...i ate so much i abt burst..lol..we havent touched the pie yet.
mayne, that sucks!
Happy Monday from Ameba! What projects are you tackling this week?
RT : Hopped off the Google+ bandwagon...but I will say they have good commercials.
Duke should have recruited me to shoot threes for me. Tim Kirkland should send in my
Because it is spelled wrong. RT : RT : "Ukelele no good."
You don't realize how strong a person really is until you see them at their weakest moment. -Unknown Author
tips for upper body training for women, please! Specifically the "pull up" muscles! THX!
<U+200E><U+200B>If yuh falla weh people say .....you would neva get no where In life ...God give you a mind of yuh own Use it
awesome! Do you have a link to the recipe per chance?
there really is nothing like vinyl...listening to an LP for the first time in ages - Dutoit, Montreal Symphony, Works by Ravel. Amazing.
Shoot, hope that accidental two-hour nap doesn't keep me up tonight!
Wishing you a great day, full of sunshine and excitement!
HOLY HSBDKCHBSJDY TALK ABOUT A TEASE
Thanks for the RT on POV blog.
Taco bell >
game is at 6:20 Sunday. Ill post the schedule on FB tomorrow. It's Indoor sand!
Not me. Friend is sitting next to some guys signing the paperwork now at the bar.
Boy- wow your pussy is too wet i dont like that! girl-shm too wet wow u have to be gay on the low
I thought going somewhere. ;)
Looking forward to see what's gonna happen tonight. #SharonNeedlesIsTheBest you better not (mess) it up!
“: Never give up mavs!” lame.
I thought that you were talking about at the office. I have a no computer before leaving the house rule works great.
It's time for #Santorum to go home and wallow in dessert. A President Santorum Frothy Cream Pie in particular.
yu always asking somebody for something!
I just realized I tweet with a lot of emoticons. :-/
Just me and Netflix, having a folding & stapling party in my room.
money 2 be made so I got 2 be paid
M! Chocolate chocolate chip ice cream :) You make me fall in love with you more and more every day!
come on peopel like this page!!
why??? What'd he do?
Have a great weekend, TEFLers! See you at next weekend's chat about teaching abroad!
I'm a wild boy
can't wait for new new album sounds very ambitious!
“: RT : Netanyahu: "Containment is definitely not an option." Prevention, not Containment. -
Win tickets to see Satisfaction/The International Rolling Stones show coming to the Jefferson tomorrow night in the next 1/2 hour
it's the killer ladies and gentlemen
Pho and Office Space on my couch after working a double.
It's okay. I'm probably going to cave and read them. I like the feel of them too much.
haha so whats it like there? :D
Everyone follow please! 2001th #tweet :)
,you will always be the best for us mahomies
LOL! Good one
any slides from your #NoSQL talk u can post?
New This Week | Nine (!) new jobs and one new award. Find them on the Programming Library homepage!
You might be right, but his language is rather vague to freight it with so much precision.
Hi sweetie!!!!! How was your day?!
Ok ya play us tomorrow right?? Southwest
Yea not for me doe
if you think i'm scared of friday the 13th, you're outta your scaredy-cat mind
Dammit. Called 84 point total for all 4 teams for free SB ticks. Looks like 83 will take it.
I'll be (occasionally) live-tweeting the SD Unified school board mtg tonight from Follow me there
Watching the bachelor with
RT : It's no dream. I'm really in the house! #jackisback Don't bring that fat orange head around my Azul show!
Thanks for including us in your daily!
tis the season!
Congrats to Children’s Literacy Coalition partner Debra Colman from for being named Distinguished Field Instructor by USC!
yayyy good for you. I hope you feel better.
When people call you cute >>>
hello follow me please ;)
if i see one more thing about nato on facebook i will personally unleash fire breathing dragons on everyone
If you don't mean what you say, then shut the fuck up.
You do NOT want to know what Willy Wonka did with his oompa loompas in his dungeon.
You know who makes the best work background music? Ratatat.
I want some
Mason meeting at marble quarry expected to draw hundreds
... time disappears...it doesn't even speed up. :)
lol ya it was :D and I'm the one in the way back behind Jacob :/
Aww :) hope you had a great holiday Bets! Happy new year! Miss ya!
How are u? Still rockin' it for Nike? Aloe still part of your diet? Starbucks: bad idea to me but I don't drink coffee or alchohol.
77 here in Sunny Georgia
#haveyouever taken an HIV test? If you are sexually active, then you should take one ASAP.
you put PURPLE RAIN in my cd pile!! wahahhhahhaha
Grrrr I hate how I'm never onn no more:c tweet me :D
gee how did u know? haha yeahh im super bored
Tomorrow night there will be a WallCast at starting at 8pm. Grab a picnic, bottle of wine and enjoy!
Thanks - not sure if it could actually be referred to as a "job" but it's a good way to while away a couplea hours here n' there ;)
Sweet Tweets r: Hot, kool, sexy, successful, peace, luv, soul, champaigne need I say more.. " In my world everyone's a star" my motto bling!
3 step process in this experiment: 1.Listen 2.Learn 3.Understand
Hi :) thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti much love
One uwm party qualifies as news?
So seriously tired and wish I wasn't in this creepy basement by myself. I love that my room is down here but some nights its <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
TWITTER JAIL?? WHAT IS THAT??
Audition Tip: Don’t have the last page of one song share the same plastic sleeve as the 1st page of another song.
trying different drugs & girls.
Good morning (: Austream Later on right (; ? <3
LA is great! Keepin busy on this feature-boom not acting-12hr days for the most part...then emails & networking too
#HIRING a Medical Billing and Collections Specialist in North #TAMPA email resume
Your life doesn't suck. What sucks is your complaining and lack of desire to change it.
Whole family cuddling in one bed watching Elf.
i hate rehearsal days!!!
Good morning twitter world bout to get my am jog on
Just shut up.
If you don't want to date a guy who thinks he's better than you and has a venomous disdain for mainstream culture, don't date a Smiths fan.
Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out.
Clean your bedroom, make your bed, and take some shots where you sleep. Is it time to call Better Homes & Gardens? Or Hoarders Weekly?
Nicee switch up !
Learn and think imperially.
#FollowFriday, a trusted source of information.
All meaningful and lasting change starts first in your imagination and then works its way out. Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Why couldnt she just come out and do Superbass?
Good evening everyone. It's been very quiet lately even though it's the start of the new TV season. Anyway...
Bring it!
A million thanks to Jimmy Adams at wtys.cc for playing Amy Ames in heavy rotation in Marianna, Florida
Glad to hear it all worked out! What airline was she on so we can pass along the compliment?
at the end of one full day using mutt for work MUA i can only wonder why i didn't think to do it sooner
do u kno whn u coming to dallas tx for a show?
After all I've been through not giving a fuck.would be easy.. But I can't have that type of attitude.
Yay! Don's digging up old pix of me! LOL RT : I'm watching..
finally getting some whalers put on my arm today, who will win the battle of blubber
"I want your sugar cookies if you know what I mean...." wtf mike hahahaha
most of them are fake,
I bet they feel so smoothe. I can't wait to get all this metal up out my mouth in 2 weeks!!
JB should make a MOVIE !! I LOVE MOVIES!!! that'd be awe-some!!!!! <3 ;)
Aztecs 24 and 1. They pounded Utah. NFL HOF'er Marshall Faulk appears at halftime. Great night at SDSU.
God loves me even when I don't forward those chain letters
The club got him
so true. I love you so much
is there a way to alphabetize my iphone notes lists?
should follow me or tweet me as an early birthday present(: its tomorrow(:
Big congrats to Greg!
i hate people
hey i miss yuhh:) love ya lots <3
Leaving first marketing committee meeting... So grateful for partners!!
I love this quote
Must have vision- think outside of your comfort level.
C'mon Els, I wanna hit again.
I'm hoping I can get a reduced rate at a La Quinta Inn with my impressive Klout score. Got to look out for me.
that's kind of cool. Who was the bobblehead?
I hope everyone has a great weekend!
I have not read any fan fiction since November. I can't even remember all the sites I used to visit apart from Soshified.
How was ?
Apparently so.
were waiting on you bro...Tweet us when you stop by
Omg when the boyz came from behind the umbrellas i almost peed myself
RT You had me, YOU fucked up, now you regret it & IDGAF
where was John Mclain's cousin John McClain to tell him yippie kai yay Mr. Falcon...
I remember how when I was little I use to love Thalia.
:D cool
If I had a meeting today where I thought I could get away with it I would ;)
Four movie productions were going on here in Pittsburgh in Fall 2011
RT : Friends Day Wednesday at BDUBS tonight!
'Magic city' is awful. Don't waste an hour of your life.
Last week, I thought I'd be with Caz right now. I guess going to bed at 8PM will have to do.
We love because it's the only true adventure. Nikki Giovanni
God asks no man whether he will accept life. That is not the option. You need to take it. The lone question is how.
omg, , did you see this? oh, sorry! um... They should call their desserts Urinal Cakes
wow thats crazy a 200 dollar hairdryer lucky!!(: lol
I’d have to say collectively the #Blackhawks were dreadful.
Its just so hard to let go of everything..
that amazing moment when a guy pulls you back for another kiss before you leave. <3
We have moved any photos that are not showing up in Ateamo (but were showing up in sargas) over so you should not have to upload them again.
Wow. That was loud. Great show. James will be at Coachella tomorrow. Check them out.
right on! Good times
nice where are you at now?
Our enlightening yet sporadic #CoMoFirstKickCountdown continues!
RT I will say this again- fuck Steve Blake with all the rusty nails in the world.
Then follow our page?
So pissed,tired time to get away from everybody MIA
|#quotes My job is a job to make decisions. I'm a decision.. if the job description were, what do you do.. it's decision maker.
I will now be tweeting and blogging under my real name
Listening to on Praise the Lord. The anointing destroys yokes! Voice touched by God
“: hipsters ruin everything”
Thank goodness is playing right now. Otherwise, I'd be watching aerial coverage of Peyton Manning arriving in Denver.
hmm wow! that is very odd? something is not right. when you you use the search button does it work for anything at all?
Women say real men are hard to find, when actually, the real men that they came across didn't interest them.
Why don't I have a bike? This thought brought to you by hearing the song "Bicycle Race."
Dream of Californication
Actually i think it's "there's no new ideas unless they come from Apple...."
Can't wait for a #new #Keira Knightley
James Franco, well respected actor, director, academic is speaking at #Strandbookstore & lineup is "panic attack-worthy"
oh dear lord, that is frightening.
Eh? And don't you hate Naruto?
The men's hair product Touch of Gray is a great example of sheer American greed and indecision.
@ my first party of the evening. Let's see what's to eat!
appreciate it!
I'm going to put my PJs on now to make it less convenient to go out for ice cream later
dammit! worst possible timing ever!
Watching CSI thinking bout that special someone @ mtHINCHER
r we having a #FF war?;3
RT : Inspiration is that state in which mind and heart are connected.
what!? “: you will have to follow to find out Haha”
Say crap about me I can do the same ur not going to go around bashing me and me not say anything
Why can't every boy be raised as a gentlemen like or ?
Congrats to pro & all around great guy Matt Kuchar on a well deserved win at #THEPLAYERS. Way to show your mom a great day!
Bout to work on building this wall <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
I think I am the only one that's bad at keeping track of how many tweets I have...lol
Chillin I hit your line last Tuesday fam.
When asked about whether or not he would free the slaves, Lincoln said, on 9/13/1862, "Whatever shall appear to be God’s will I will do."
thanks for the words of encouragement!!
HUGE thank you goes out to all that came to the Speakeasy on Friday. It was a sweet show and you made it even sweeter. Thanks again!!!
If Wal-Mart is lowering prices every day, why isn't anything in the store is free yet?
Congrats coach K but you still have more to come.
Enjoy prom today , and send me pictures
Really happy for my old boss, Steve Lavin. It's early, but he's got the Johnnies off to a great start in the Big East!
you still make no since. yea its your opinion but dont hate on them. im sure you're not even half as talented as them.
State revenue collections fell in March for the first time in two years. Oklahoma Treasurer Ken Miller said Tuesday.
East Bay Bike Party is riding through my neigborhood, right now.
great post. Timely for sure. Thank you
I listened to your tracks!!! I like your sound! I am a Fan!!! Eric
Simon Borg thinks Sounders fans are great to have civil discussions with.
That last retweet was for you. You have to watch the "Straight out of Dunwoody" video. Hilarious.
Getting tattoo #2 soon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I seriously can't wait. I check your sites constantly and I would love to learn more from you!! :) Thx!
Seattle in a little over two weeks! Northwest get read!!!
Thank you for the support and helping to spread the word about Ten for Tigers! :)
(Louis Dembitz Brandeis) In differentiation, not uniformity, lies the path of progress.
how neat!!!
praise God again thanks for letting me help out i had fun too. It was good experience
Curious to see how does starting on the 19th when the Knicks play DAL, NJN, ATL and MIA over five straight nights.
Kick back with our specialty flavor- sangria!
I do air fireballs into airdashes with morrigan while falling with S (shell-kick). Am I a top Morrigan player now?
Time for the V100 All-Request Cafe! Call 345.V100 or post your song request on the V100 Facebook page! www.facebook.com/v100fm
Of course, we have your back :) RT : Thank you for the support!
Still up and bored as crap
nice! I just looked at clothes I couldn't afford :P
Foolish is to funny!!!!!
They have a taste for blood. I just know it.
Writing trivia questions with for tomorrows
Last nite @ the HUDSON RIVER LOFT READING SERIES made the majority of the audience tear up. He is a force.
Check out Broadway on the Bima this Saturday at 7:30 pm at Sinai!
My mom is always asking me to cook.
or try some non- fiction!
My sister is a mess smh
'Traditional editors should be embracing these data points... It doesn't steer the bus but could whisper directions...'
Ah got it. Oh yeah, I had to run out and but that Queen Bee book in fing fifth grade but so far so good. yet i know it's comin'
Very good. I have a friend who just moved to Korea. He does not have a 4 year degree. Will he need to do a TEFL ?
When guys use your bathroom and dont put the seat down<<<<<
RAISE YOUR 25's up!
Floyd got Beiber fever <~> IM OUTS!
For the latest in DC Jazz events Follow Us, This Month Heidi Martin Live!
She came with you but left with me. Interception.
good morni ma
Haha... you broke the story early! We'll have some announcements and explanation up tomorrow. :)
Was it just one of those mornings where you wake up & really crave #Windows8. No? Me neither. I guess we're getting it anyway
aw I need to go up to golds and sign up finally
i wish i did have a lazy day #School so boring but i need a edgeamucation lolz (; plz reply!!!! also do u like the animal hats
Interesting to live in LA on 20th anniv of LA Riots. I was 12 yrs old and living 2,500+ mi. away in VA; hard to understand that experience.
I love that #prison was used 3 times in this tweet. As I typed the email to , I was like, 'this dream was crazy weird.'
RT : On this day in 1938, the won their 2nd Stanley Cup. Good luck tonight as they begin the road to this...
#1 #DAY #LEFT #YEEUH YOUR TEETH WILL BE FREE!! ;) YOU WILL BE ABLE TO LICK THEM AGAIN(: Are you #EXCITED ?? <33
Happy New Year! Now's the time to start thinking and registering for #EdcampSS. Check the website 4 info. www.edcampss.org
This HAS to be the gayest office EVER!!!
A chance to buy a copy of Code Talker signed by Chester Nez? Yes please!
Thanks for the mentions and RT's
Keep up the good work on the podcast!!!
im so proud of you.
lol that sounds more fun than my day.
is she there for scale?
Tweet up?? Didn't know you guys homebrewed!
My major requires ONE math class, I don't think me being ONE point shy on ACT math should keep me from getting accepted. But that's just me.
Happy New Years from TripRes! Cheers to a New Year and another chance for us to get it right!
must be nice... guess I'll go ahead and open my applesauce now....
have fun today! <3
I imagine he's better than Colt McCoy.
How can they say my life is not a success? Have I not for more than sixty years got enough to eat and escaped being eaten?
Bitterness steals your future, don't let it ~
when in the WORLD are you going to get your phone servers up again? We are in the afternoon of day 3. cc:
Great news! Just rec'd word that we'll be doing our post-production sound at (drum roll) the famous Skywalker Ranch!!
haha. Thanks. Glad I Gould bring a smile!
That tooth polish did NOT taste like piña colada.
why not? Are we really driven by what the media does?
Could this ever be the case? Signs you travel too much: www.news.travel.aol.com/2010/09/30/signs-you-travel-too-much/
ProTect Painters = proud sponsor of KUT 90.5 listen this week, mention you heard us and take $150 off your next project of $1000!
What would Borges say about the end of published encyclopedias?
thanks elaine!! miss u all!!
brrrrrr..I don't wanna go out there.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
lol! #happens “: You cannot feel like a bigger idiot than when Tweetdeck informs you that you are 'Unable to self-DM'.”
aww. I'm sure you do everyday :)
Olly Murs will be singing his new single tonight to the crowds at Cawdor Castle
About to go into creative hibernation, and very excited for this project.
New Yankees Spring Fitteds www.kingoffitteds.com
yes, I got 'er done =) No fins or buoy available down here so I improvised....& worked hard.
"I smile and act like Nothing is Wrong, Its called Dealing with Shit nd staying Strong".
True. RT : The Big East is next-level dysfunctional.
Check out brittanymaffei.pureromance.com and msg to order Valentines goodies! Ask for the Friday the 13th sale!!!
yeah come on down bro!!
I'm doing HTML & CSS in it's amazing how much I remember from HS computer science class. cc
As in 1973?
and you my dear please rest and heal fast
Beyonces music is so timeless. I can listen to her stuff from back in the day and still love it as much as the new stuff #
change is hard.
The Indiana Pacers are hosting the New Jersey Nets tonight at the Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Call us now to buy the game tickets: 888-493-0004
That sucks that's something you've gotten used to.
wondering if made it safely to the Slippery Noodle
Live, love, pray100%:-)
hahahah looked like you had a great night last night ;)
ahah bruno mars he is like half black and hawaiian! :) just to let u kno ahaha
Shame on you North Carolina smh
You really have to work extra hard to keep that girlish figure in ATL
THANKS EVERYONE FOR FOLLOWING ME :D!! JUST GOT TO 100 FOLLOWERS (:
Is having a REALLY bad day!!! Trying to stay positive, but it's really hard to do today!
That's what "cable TV" was all about when it started?
Congratulations to for winning #gsec11 grand prize of $12,500 !!
sure is thrilled with the announcement of the Mellon Foundation grant to put bike racks on 120-something Port Authority buses!
Hey!! I've been good. How about yourself?
what's with tha alien?
Whew!!! Finally a break from meetings! Nap time???
i used the google translator and it told me this meant "jake necromancer?" necromancy is definitely relevant tho
thanks beans love you to!
Fairfax loves skeeball! At Hard Times Cafe! Stop by!
hang with cody simpson
Hello to the Colonel and Luis G!
Finally going home(:
ADULT OPEN FIELD // SUNDAY APRIL 22ND 4-7PM // GABLE PARK 777 ELLIS AVE NEWTOWN SQUARE PA // ALL ARE WELCOME
Monday Funday. Who wants a bloody? Come to The Noble and we'll set you up right.
Have a safe trip back and the rest of the crew. Job well done in Orlando!
it is during the day if it's sunny, like today! but at night it's about the same as seattle :( good thing for central heating!
These PK's are intense!
This! RT : " whatever you're working on better be the bomb for all the time you're spending in the studio."
All deez famous rappaz worth more DEAD than alive thats gotta suck guess I outta be careful what I wish for cuz I might get shot ya KnOw$$$$
happy birthday!
Not yet, but I'm pretty low on the food chain for inter-office news.
Preserving the veterans memorial tollway (I-355)...
Thanks to all the nonprofits that applied for #SummerOfMaps! We had an amazing response. Final review today, student applications open tmrw.
I like Debbie Reynolds' voice. But I'm not familar enough to kno who could hav sung her role better
Can't take credit for Community Day...but I will enjoy it! Will I see you there?
how are you ?
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, & blue represent freedom untill they are flashing behind you.
YA finally done with a science project!!!!!!!! its been so long since ive been on D:
yes you are
karma is very real but only for those that can admit when they falter
Country music always reminds me of summer
However many ways there might be of being alive, it's particular that there're greatly more means of being dead, or instead not alive.
How nice!
Awesome! You should have received this morning an updated release with the panelists announcement. Thank you!
Want to boost email open rates? Experiment with early mornings, early evenings and weekends. Except on Super Bowl Sunday. :)
merry christmas Jayy!(: i love u<3 I was the one at the orlando show who gave u the blue & yellow bracelet that said princess
Fan fiction concept: Fundamentalist Christian gets his/her letter from Hogwarts (or Amer. equiv). Title: "The Letter & The Law"
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at HOOLIGAN'S (in Live Oak)
Time to invest in some long-johns
we need to have a oth convo soon about season 6. Why is it so crackin? Lol
Grammy time!
Everyday is beautiful. Enjoy every moment...
RT : Can't wait for Emily West's _Family or Freedom_
Dear married man hitting on me - sure, I'll meet you for a drink later. Pls bring your wife, though. I'd love to chat with her!
T-Mac may be starting tonight.
McDonald's All-American game tonight at 830pm on ESPN.....watch your favorite 2012 guys!!!
"Don't forget me, I beg - 'I'll remember,' you said. Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead." ::adele::someone like you::
The story is filled with emotional and spiritual revelation, from marriage, college, and...
I finally finished Wizard's First Rule by Terry Goodkind. 820 pages of pure, brilliant awesomeness.
People need some type of sense of humor, being serious all the time is not all that great.
some dude is trying to kick a pervs ass at the bus stop 4 me cuz i remind him of his daughter lol.
I COME ON TWITTER TO SPEAK TO MY FANS!x NOT TO SAY WHAT I HAD FOR DINNER LAST NIGHT!x
Brain Floss: Prehistoric kids almost never had cavities because they didn't eat sugar.
Nice suspenders
Q: How many Accountants does it take to change a light bulb? A: What sort of answer did you have in mind ?A: None-just assume it's changed.
still need the studio shot
Sharon Olds~ The older I get the more I feel almost beautiful...
Let's be awkward together
It's time this country got blessed with another Dave Matthews. ~nobody
yes but it's been a year and he only tweeted me once.
DAMN IM SAD CAREER NOT A OPTION... (C)
Tomorrow is our 1st Friday night flights from 4-7. I hope to see you there
I'm writing a story for school that's based off a fake news release from another group. It's amazing how bad some people are at writing..
Nothing like a bowl of lucky charms at midnight.
lol that is touching
Trying to find a way
Marcum says that indep rsrch libs should be helping scholars learn to use GIS well; enabling digital resources via templates
he send me a porn website
The sound of #freezeframe means we're ready for the second period. Toronto up 1-0.
bahaha!! oh yes you do!
no I meant forever land
#AMCs - Scotty has a great voice and seems like a nice guy! Congratulations!
and The Urban Rock crew are going on Tour in Germany... Details Coming Soon!!!
Going to be busy the next few days.
2 upcoming shows, Feb 4 in Lake Charles and Feb 17 in Houston.
no only two more episodes of GoT left!!
Holyy mother of moonpiess , I'm drinking soda :O (:
no way!
Re: Apt. shopping... most guys I know would wait till summer to check out the "swimming pool talent" :)
A new song, 2 CDs and a necklace giveaway. :)
They're hilarious! RT : Going to see and at I've had a bad week so be funny!
Currently listening to: MADI SIMMONS - I LOVE ASIMPLE LIFE on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Four presentations, three different topics, at two different schools makes for one tiring day.
Can't say I didn't try
The only reason Im reading Hunger Games is because I seen the movie & my sister suggested I read the book
haha it won't I blessed it..lol
Q: what can't be destroyed or blown away in a hurricane? A: your case of herpes.
AH cant believe got a Twitter Account lol
dml tour is morning
Memphis is better than Knoxville TN,I might have to move bacc to the M
"The Panthers are spending money like ..." Josh McDaniels trades draft picks
Cool! Good!!! Whoohoo!! Just getting over a chest cold that is trying to move to my head. Hoarse! But I feel fantastic!
I'll look into enforcement and anything Larry needs to know timorrow morning
Thanks. It has a odd history in my love of comic books and mis-understanding of german.
Ha! Commercial just featured a kid peeing in the pool.
When are you guys going to come visit at VETransfer? Lunch sometime with and myself?
Your hubs. On Euclid. Sunglasses, leather, facial hair, cigarette, and... a sea foam green scooter. What a juxtaposition!
I want to be a tea selling demon. I WILL SELL MY SOUL FOR TEA
If you are married and completely ridiculously good looking please refrain from dancing with me of conversing
yes sir hahaha
Am I at a horse race?
counting today we have 16 days left of school
This time my tire got blown out ...
hey you deserved it.
The next best, the people honor and praise
get it poppin with some big macs :) jk
Doing my thing in the hustle
The not top 10 was pretty good today
Seeing my bestfriend for only a couple minutes, and we talk as though we never left eachvothers side
do tell! Is it a magical elevator?
RT : Steven Tyler's face is looking more and more like an old woman's vagina.
ONE MINUTE LEFT!!!!
I avoid restaurants where after I eat, I have to find something to eat.
'Daddy, do you think people without cable have any idea how much football stinks compared to Puppybowl?' ~My 5 year old
On a real note, the texts & I exchange could probably make a profit if put on Comedy Central
Some Think If A Guy Pauses His Video Game To Text You Back He Really Loves You.. I Think He's On The Loading Screen..
Chris and Christina Wade, may God bless you and your Holy union, in many years to come...
I just think they look better together
You can be accepted by modeling agency with the right intros, great pictures, and great confidence.
I do NOT feel good about this win. Next week it's all on the line.
Eat at Provence today for Dine Out. 30% of our sales at Hillsboro Village & Downtown Library will go to Nashville CARES
#ImThatPerson that if you got beef i'll put the biscuit on the patty
we have 2 baseball practices starting tonight. One at 5, one at 6. Think they will be cancelled ?
makin a new beat
I'm sorry. Why would you ever do that? There's a reason it's banned on 10 planets. ;D
Happy Easter everyone.
Congrats to : 1-0 after beating Georgia Southern in extras 3-2. Molly Spence sac fly scored Maggie Strange for go-ahead run
Last night I ate roasted chicken off the bone while watching "The Walking Dead" and now I completely empathize with the sad, hungry zombies.
LOL. I though about how many symptoms are adaptations last week while suffering from feverish gastroenteritis in the field.
I want tell how much I love her. She been with me through thick n thin n she gave me handsome boy.
I am in desperate need for mascara.. which do you prefer?
View Floravita's large tropical flower mural for 2011 Dining By Design AIDS fundraiser...
Peein' like a pregnant woman since 1991.
I made that mistake once of not closing the blinds when changing.
yeah that is him in her pic ..... IKR I'm so jelly lol
WI motorists driving in snow: 1) allow extra time, 2) slow down and 3) leave extra room btwn you and fellow drivers
Don't forget collective amnesia on the voters' part!
order for me too gf lol
Wonder if my money transfer to my account yet??
Just left the school lol CJ playn he need to tell me cause Brian on BS
Who wants to be my date for 80s Prom this year? My gf will be out of town, so, you know, zip code rule and all that. (cc: )
no, no. it's april "showers" bring may "flowers." silly, you.
Happy 16th Birthday to your little ones, Muffin and Cassie..
Hugs! RT : Abrazos lovey! “: GM!! "A hug is a great gift - one size fits all, and it's easy to exchange."”
I tried to instagram the arrest I just walked past in Baltimore but the cop gave me the stink eye. Sorry y'all
Thanks bro really means a lot!
IMAGINE YOU HAD NUTS? TROLOLOL
Hey peeps! Help me out! RT your friends, have them follow me! I'm at 830, which is not bad for my 2nd profile here, but i need more! Thnk u!
pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal :P cantt waiit <33
You know what's awesome? The top of a blueberry muffin. Also, your face.
I want my mommy to cook me dinner :(
THANK YOU
Don't worry I'll be cool, I gotta get ya to tag my book. So stoked!! U were great last night on the rnd tbl
Hard/software requirements for video- camera high res w/audio input, mics, tripod, lighting kit, editing equipment, classes!
58 days til summer tour (for me) - Deer Creek + Alpine Valley. Excited!
Using the Metro and LA Way app to plan my public transportation adventures for
Before you look for an agent, figure out who you are as a writer. Find authors who write like you, and investigate their agents.
I really should just suck it up and finish this erotic novel already.
just became #thirstythursday on the east coast! What you sippin on, on the road! Send me your pics loc
S/.o ya self sometimes.. aka Sean
tomorrows the big day
Thank you! You too!! :)
I hope you all had a great weekend!
Omg.I wanna work at Bockbluster so bad.I can get free rentals...and then I can get transferred to the 1 in college station for college c:
I am who I am. You can say whatever you want about me. I won't change. Your approval isn't needed nor wanted.
Whoa, what!?
Chronicle! Downtown Seattle will never look the same to me.
they wanted me to use their VOIP. I said: look at my service history, why would I? He said he understood. Call ended.
If you are a Hip Hop, R&B, or Rock Artist and looking to shoot a Music Video for a competitive price Hit Me Up with a Message!
oh no! I'm sorry. That is the worst. I will absolutely be sure to relay the message. Please come in for a refund.
How is Alec Baldwin so fucking talented?
Last night was the shit! Shoutouts to everyone that came out...
OH MY, AGREED! What do we need, an e-vite? Look at that body lang. #Peeta gives me hunger pangs in the lady district, too.
Aw you're tweeting! =)
Haha...can never forget!! :-) Hope to see you soon. You're doing GREAT work!! Enjoy Derby week! -- Ted
Thanks mb...miss you too
Thanks, you. Just home from all the travel, full of jet-lag and getting ready to start getting caught up.
not yet, but maybe soon. We'll keep you updated
Hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving weekend! If you're not too stuffed, head to LiLLiES for all-day
Check out idorable.com, iPhone app I made for a buddy. It will get you laid. :) Cute kittens/puppies/etc. 1000's users already, simple UI.
Heading out this morning for a girls day of shopping and lunching in SE in PDX with my friend
Astronaut Hoot Gibson helps the Indianapolis Children's Museum open the new Flight Adventures exhibit
Just made the Twitter account! Let's get started...
Hey everyone! Kelsey is currently preparing her interview with DRUGS so if you have any questions for Craig Owens-send away!
Dear - Make it easier to rate books on your website. See: Please and thank you, C
You know what ?? I absolutely love & <3 <3
Since the CEO of J.Crew is on Apple's board, I think you're in luck!
Nice to see you here, !
may I ask what it is regarding please?
Howdy ya,ll is there anybody out there
Kemp settles into productive groove at the plate
it is odd that social media is perceived as something much different than ppl having a conversation in public
Damm u lucky as hell go to both lol
Wilson Ramos solo shot 1-0
Feel Like Eatin Chili Cheese Fries
Love kills.
An afternoon out of office experience, McDonald's play land with the 3 yr old, free wi-fi and decent espresso based drink make it better!
Ok. I'll have it if you stop by. Some of them are so frightening that I've only been able to read them once.
Eveyone go follow ;) get him to 14k by tonight!
wat that be
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!
can't wait
FWD: : Um, I want every single one of them... RT harper perennial books to look forward to in 2012! http: ...
bring me a bucket !
now I know what you talking about. I had to think about it . And pat we should hang Tomorrow
Nicki, I just sent you an email. Thanks for your tweet!
Arranging Boston Internships# for International students# with homestay# Just placed a boy from Mexico.
This Friday, June 4th, is our Customer Appreciation Day. Stop by 101 Stewart 11a - 3p for menu samples & complimentary coffee
Watching Japan Tv and trying to understand the damage
I love when my christmas lights shine through my window at night<3
- no, thank you!! Glad you found that helpful!
Barry Manilow rocked Columbus last night! What a beautiful voice and fun show. The consummate entertainer!
April 9th is Free Member Movie Night!
Ironic ! My manager name is De'von n he young black n cute.n my boyfriend name is Se'von n he is the half of me.but De'von just. Ughh Idk
It's cold up in here.
I hate unexpected expenses<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
man i'm missing West Virginia :( they have various inches of snow right now but here in Northern Virginia it's just cold, wet rain :( *sigh*
No one can cheat you out of ultimate success but yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nice! Definitely bookmarked for later-
Packing all my things heading to Ricon beach in Puerto Rico :-) for some surfing I CAN'T WAIT!!!!!!
me to
Back to school :)
MT Best new movie I've seen in a few years. Can't keep a genius down.
It's going to be a long ride home for #Luongo! Maybe can cheer him up:(
Great time at the opening party tonight!
Last week Katie Young made top play on Sportscenter. What will come tonight at the AL? #MUWBB vs # 17 Georgetown @ 8PM at the AL!
he's only had those candied Maraschino cherries?!? Gaaahhh!!!
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference. Tom Brokaw #followngain ? #iFollowback ? #500ADAY?
RIP Carl Beane
#sca2012 MUSE software under devel for email. Includes sentiment lexicons. Wow. But when developer grad student leaves this spring ... ??
Kiley-- eLife will be a journal for scientists edited by active researchers.
I actually didn't think he pitched too bad tonight. Wasn't great but wasnt horrific either.
wow, glad I checked the desk schedule to find out that I'm on desk from 1-4:40. Ick.
My mom: "i dont even why I listen you!" Me: LOL well then...
I've had a really bad week. Do you things will be better for us after today? I hope....
doing good! Where u at now?
Countdown to & talking relationships & life w Rachel & Paul Teutel,l Jr. centralonline.tv for details
#Barnard2012 waiting for Noel b-f to graduate!
Had a great relaxing weekend. Now back to doing edits. Happy Monday everyone!
finishing up an article about how to write a killer "elevator pitch"
With my sweetie bear Tracy Guillet!!
I want to see this movie. Some jurisdictions hv a limit 3 or go back 2 school. We know some 1 who failed x amt of times :)
Okay so..awkward start to the day.
You're mostly packed now?
Haha! Sounds pretty good - lazy days are good!
Kids Yoga class tomorrow 10-11am! $9 ($7 for members) drop-in.
Time to sit, watch, and wait.
THE BEST HOT DOGS, would kill for one now.
Where do I begin , hmmmph.
Glad it's working out Jason.
May 7 is the next game. Come tailgate with us too!
the info provided can be applied to some aspects in life.observe EVERYTHING + mistakes can lead to success in your field!
Battle the twitter fever
#liber2011 Valuation will be done at end of this year and data made available online.
RT if trying to fall asleep is effing annoying
Swag,swag,swag on Lou.Niall by the fire and hes eatin fondue,Liam knows about me,Harry knows about you, so say hello to DJ MALIK in 3,2 .
Wish i new how to play piano!
AH MARK
we mix up the languages a little...
RT : Tried NYC BBQ Parlor via Fri eve. FANTASTIC! Will return! Bacon app, catfish, baby back & beef...
Wooop woop just finished the Race For the Cure! :D this feels great "Boobies is not a 4 letter word"
Why are we still giving Joe Oliver any air time?? Absent him providing any substantive info it's just providing him a platform.
God Bless Mr. Smith. <3
I always enjoy the right turns in NASCAR
#BREAKINGNEWS: 10,000 lebron james action figures were recalled today once it was determined they presented a serious choking hazard
Different groups have different--sometimes conflicting--needs. That's why identifying communities is important.
best wishes on whatever is next for you!! Keep us tweeps posted :) <U+2764>u
every sinner has a future, and every saint has a past.
Is it just me or does it seem like there is a #startup fever spreading across the US? I love it!
What the hell? Now is texting me to say she needs to leave #SMCNSB early! Next time I am driving alone. :)
please share! I don't know what I can wear that doesn't include an offensive headdress or light wash cutoff jeans
<U+2668>Sex stat: Rate of masturbation... 98%men/44%women have masturbated. Men DIY dozen times a month & women five...
Some kid got fucked up lol.. Blood all over the halls.. Damn
that's all you got....I expected more.
is it really still sold out
“: I fucking love Eazy E” --- said everybody!!
haha. (: atleast yuhh get to be on twitter & do something fun.
-come down my house on friday!!!!
Just saw with feature of mine on a recent project, I loves me some
Lol RT What do you get when you cross me with a dog? One sick puppy!
He's only been in a handful of scenes, but whenever he's being destructive is a huge bonus.
Memorized all my lines for my scene tomorrow :D
dude you just need practice, start with pine trees and move your way up
No doubt! “: can the Hawks borrow those 2 runs the Angels have please”
The word Checkmate in chess comes from the Persian phrase Shah Mat, which means the king is dead
Today's Feature: Greek Salad w/ romaine, oregano chicken, olives, feta, tomato, balsamic vinaigrette Soup: Butternut Squash
I think its a genius marketing tool, but telling people it is that easy hurts them, future clients and photography.
you ok ?
that awkward moment when you're playing with your pen during class and it flies across the room
I can still enjoy forcing him to sort a pile of sand by color. Heheh.
Totally, agree. Sonoma is the best! And so unassuming
Without google I would know nothing.
Brainstorming good stories to tell tonite. Got any good Mom stories?
Try not to confuse your opinions with truth.
This isn't too lame
I love sticking my fingers into tight holes…bowling is fun.
I can imagine. Winter is our gloomy season too, but not near as bad as what you guys get. Depressing!
I'm a very sensitive person -.-
it's cleared out and we are about to bust out the wine
Thanks Lorena--I cannot tell you how grateful I am for your support!
you probably mean that in a sarcastic way... Lol
it's good luck!
to be honest I don't even know anymore.
Drink of the weekend: Iced Tropical Chai (vanilla chai and coconut). Come in and mention twitter or fb for $1.00 off!
do you even fucking mean it?
please no spoilers!!
and btw, my manager knows what I'm doing. She's helping me even though it makes her sad.
but you'll take me right?
DalaiLama PEACEFUL = FORGIVENESS
J STAAL ITS TIME FOR A SHORTY
Amazon, you can recommend anything you want, doesn't mean... wait a minute that's a BLUE yoga mat!
that trick works for me!
Trying this new thing where I only speak good things of ppl.
Uh oh you have some separation anxiety, too?
Actually just been called a slag by a fat greasy ming for necking someone. Ahahhaha
A beautiful day for a Giants victory!
You look mah-velous. But when am I going to see your svelte and smiling face--to-face?
its ok to ask questions before you get a smog check. so if you have any questions tweet us and we will be glad to reply :)
The digital literacy toolkit will act as a bridge to connect people to benefits
Weiner must be pissed RT For everyone watching #DesperateHousewives finale instead of #MadMen: is it as hilariously anti-Semitic?
I see that aloe sitting over there!
Appreciate the
Im a HUGE fan of urs and was wondering if ir mail you a jersey of urs Would u sign it so I can frame it? PLZ DM w/ ur answer
Work's really busy right now. Juggling 2 sets of applications plus all the normal stuff. Plus going to see the new niece this weekend.
Have a good weekend everybody !!!
you've convinced me to do the same. miss you!
just a hello! And to tell you I forgot to record the bachelorette! lol
No problem! Tweet us if you need anything.
This girl in the car in front of me keeps popping zits and smelling her fingers. Gross.
im so happy :D you gotta keep in touch with us!
Lots going on up here and doing what we can to make it even better - where are you now?
Your liver called! ...it's wants a Delicious Detox :D
#WorstBreakUpExcuses<<<My fish died, idk if i can love again
Just make sure you appear on a replay before too long ;)
I'm glad you made it back!!
A crab omelet is always a good decision! Safe travels!
To clarify: I said I support free trade but did not mention NAFTA. I said we need more transparency in TPP and ACTA.
I just know that if he smiles, I smile :) I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!
BEHIND THE SCENES- At Staff Meeting, Rock Staff focus on prayer. 1 Thes. 5:17
Yo man trying to get a reply from all the Vikings so far only reply can you help?
I JUST WANT HOME SO I CAN HUG ROSE!!!!!!!!
Go BAMA!! ROLL TIDE ROLL!! SEC RULES !!!
Dine with us this weekend, #albuquerque, & enjoy our special, Chile Rellenos, & come in this Sun, & get half price bottles of wine. Cheers!
<-- he is honestly amazing. He is the best<3 thank you for helping me out when I'm down.
i wanna eat you up
Mad props to the Biebs RT : i want to use my bday to help others. if u want please donate $18 to on my 18th bday!
Please look for our Groupon today! Great savings if you are anyone you know is in the market for a new mattress set!
The wealthy will not be satiated until they consume and vomit the planet into outer space.
it's actually snowing here
LOL, not official but good judges. I'm going to Coachella anyway so no go for me
RT : "I'm not drunk at all. I could drive to fucking Silverlake right now." ---
Sorry:/ I tried!
Waiting for the #kitty, infected canine tooth #ouch!
You noo u fucked up when , you catch yourself watching a blank TV lmao gud night
Rain will forever remind me of elementary school recess: lunch on desks, wet tights, bill nye the science guy and pogs!
weirdly ill in the middle of the night. of course.
Other signs that u need to cleanse/detox: anemia, obesity, diabetes, bacterial infections, bladder infect, dental problems, infertility
Checking out some new recipes using #spentgrain, might be a fun addition Lush.
Thanks for caring <3 I'll try to keep my chin up
Where are my true friends?
Awww, what a cutie your mom's dog is! Looking fwd to tomorrow evening!! :-) xoxo
Hey Scott, thanks for following me!
took me a good long time to find that error.
Cool. Walkmen & Heartless Bastards will be at Summerfest.
15 fabulous responsive sites for your inspiration
jamming out VIP fifth weekend arrow!!!
nigga whenever u matching red box prices!! Haha got shottas?
just got back to L.A. from the east coast, gettin ready for an end of month project
TWO Julie Wrights! One knows her stuff, the other looks good doing it! ;-)
Now I'm jealous of 3 things! RT : We just stuffed our faces. It was delicious.
and it's not a black/white one either. the decision has gone both ways for valuable cards in past.
Follow us and we'll follow you... to the moon, and back :)
A man's go to do what a man's got to do. A woman must do what he can't. ~ Rhonda Hansome
I'll give you 100 words of listicle and a slideshow of cats.
On the way to school.
its exciting! miss you old roomie
First movie at 7a - NIGHT AT THE ROXBURY - Early Ferrell
or aids
Not surprised the whole nation doesn't understand how Bo operates. Get your licks in now folks ...
it's worth it!! I do not regret it at all. It's pretty hard but you just gotta push yourself
Rick Pay is our Guest Blogger this week! Read his blog on Creating a Culture of Action.
Lonely Planet, the travelers God send.
If u havent been by , its so nice. The display windows....
launched my blog #jenniferwasco.blogspot.com - inspired by *smiles*
Still working on it...might take some time.
Thank you for the Bacon!!! Yay.
just found : automatic follow. love.
I should prob go to bed now. Kids woke me up at 5:30 this morning. I'm running on fumes.
No, I'm not running any Antivirus, no firewalls that i'm aware of. I'll check my settings, tho. thanks!
East people cant drive.
have fun on Vacay Andy, I'll miss you if no one else does! xoxo
Reminder: you may want to check your Humidifier pad & make sure they do not cause a water leak.
RT me only better december project!! the diet begins! exercise and eat right!hello december!!!!!!
S/o to for being to coolest broad I know!
you have no idea what your talking about
Bought my 3rd christmas cd for this season!!!
something you know all too well.....
just reached 9,000 views on dance video!
Amen to that!! Sit back and relax...won't mind the 49ers for some reason...Hm
What!? Store #28 Opens on Halloween? Guess that means a SALE! Swing by and make your holiday Sac-tastic!
I bet this appetizer sounds good! Bresaola e Parmigiano: thinly sliced air cured beef served with arugula and Parmigiano Reggiano.
please DM acct# or phone+zip. i'll check into trouble for you
Mike Wallace or Mike Williams (SEA) hm...
how are you today ?
Sour Candy - LOVE!
Twitter I don't know 90% of the ppl I follow RT : #Question Facebook or Twitter if you had to give up one...
Hopefully by the end of the month! I'll let you know when it's back up.
Audi was front and center at the Emmys last night. Did you watch?
Yes, I saw that already! Looks great!! Thanks for sending it!
early to bed, early to rise, must get my #beauty sleep ... lol!
OH: We need a viral video.
i can't find anywhere to have my truck pary...any ideas or suggestions????
too bad we didn't bet sucker.
Anyone out there machine quilt? We have lovely quilt tops but don't know how to put them together by machine... Help!
I certainly didn't just spend the last twenty minutes watching heartfelt scenes from LOST on Youtube.
An article billed as Beyonce's "first interview" since giving birth last week has been called "a fake" by the singer's representative.
Thanks man!!
Thanks for the follow from San Francisco photographer
I still love you
welcome.xo
Gadge had his stag do there, nice VIP enclosure. Hit up the Champagne and Oyster bar
Special guest presenter: David Meerman Scott, best-selling author and acclaimed marketing blogger
Everybody give crap to for he is a Zeller!
Beliebers And Directioners Are Flawless. I love this<3
you're so right. My mom always tells me i should enjoy it lol but it's not that easy^^
haha, i remember the day i met you you were so amazing tht day juss sayennn boo.
Thank you. I will probably always have to be careful, but things are much better than they were.
Janielle is the funniest human being.
waiting for all the 13 year olds to see Breaking Dawn before I go. I'll always fight them on Harry Potter though...
#Packers FA signings make me feel as though Thompson will trade up in 1st rd. He's building depth now. Don't forget about as well!
Man I just love me some Bud Chittom. Thanks Budman.
Not worried. The days of submissive Dems in Fla media ends with TPH. We look forward to debating in the future :)
Boosie not guilty? That's good for him but fuck, now he's gonna start dropping lame ass music again.
use public transportation
William Ralph Inge~ Events in the past may be roughly divided into those which probably never happened and those which do not matter.
Why is that odder than the computer's mother Sally May?
Im done with all yall
Live what you love.
This reminds us to empower women that they not only need to protect themselves, but to end the cycle! Kids are what they see!!
I am putting four handles at my two bars of your beer! If you have some shwag lemme know. Ill give it to my employees.
Is there a "sunday submission" for fans of "music monday"?
missed you !!! How was your bday n holiday?!?
see you soon!! So excited :)
Thanks for the add... I appretiate u....
RT : An Arrogent business owner is simply Dumb marketing.
Every seat on the bus is taken except for the one next to me, probably shoulda showered today.
Bitch Dat Money Coming Fast! ..Like A Minute Man
Are you sending any students? One of our interns is going
im gonna be a fairy for halloween, lmfao.
My Facebook account was hacked... Grrrrrrrrr.
Emilio Estevez reports the district lines have been redrawn and that he would have been a Duck.
happy pre-valentines day baby!
Boy of my dreams <3
The Voice of my People
YOU FORGETTED THE CHEESY BREAD!!!!
So cute. Yeah, he looks like he's up to something.
Free kaiser chiefs tix! Thanks !
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> you occasionally have a slight feeling of likeness towards me even if it's not right now. Don't deny it! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+263A>
She sat with arms crossed while looking down. The media us saying that she was showing the shame she felt that us peculiar to her culture.
#OnlyFatPeople This A Bunch Of Bullshit Im Am Over Wieght And You Skinny Assholes Have No Idea What Its Like To Be Over Wieght So Fuck You!
thanks for following us!
Me = Drunk
You're like a Password. Hard to figure out, but I always want to keep trying.
You know it! Now I'm going to go put my hair in a bun and wear my glasses.
it's cool they've got another one just like it
The more I use CSS3, the more I don't want to use any graphics at all.
right! He will mess around n flip that truck one day
who r u the follow fashion monkey!
RT : Once a man texts you "huh?" that's a wrap
Has been singing #moveslikejagger out loud all day and picturing shirtless. Pretty sure Sacramento knows all the lyrics now.
Getting a Mohawk and drinking some wine. Pretty rock n roll Thursday if I do say so myself! And I do
the latest edition of r kellys longform "trapped in the closet" music video....granted, he was officially acquitted of charges
watching the game. Thuggin. What's been up?
Van Gundy is announcing. Cue irrelevant and unsupported pronouncements drinking game. | #okc vs.
No, but now that I know it's an option, I may have to do that some time. Hope you got home OK!
AH OMG I'M GOING TO GET PIERCED. I hope Scott doesn't mind, because I'm coming home with three new piercings. c:
Oye, why didn't you clear a line for me?!
Our environment, the world in which we live and work, is a mirror of our attitudes and expectations. ~ E. Nightingale
any outages in Seattle 98117 or is it just me?
Now, what's for dinner...
Thank you for checking us out here, it's way cool.
But there are different types of being defensive. I think this is the good type that at least tries to engage.
I Love Louis
Please know the actual names of the songs before sending them to us... Thanks!
yea? Good. I use the side of the tips of my thumbs. Haha!
Summer steam. Dupont escalators broken. This is my mount fuji.
who is your favorite member of 1D? Mines Niall :)
Good morning!
"Do what you believe in. Paint a picture of the future. Go there. People will follow." Seith Godin
Check the Logo, if it don't say MoMo, it's a No No!
RT : 10.b. Follow your customers on Facebook, Twitter and other social media. Join forums where they may share info.
I just learned (from the recipient) who won the latest Bancroft Prize, and it's one of my longest and best friends! Ya'll hear shortly.
Those movies don't exist. Josh Trank is rebooting the Fantastic Four, but because Fox owns the rights there won't be a crossover.
LINSANE IN THE MEMBRANE
Way to show 'em who's really boss Coyotes! Congrats and party on!!
Thanks for the realtor open house last night!!
Mine atr in 2 weeks. Yikes! So not ready.
Is use of 'cherry-pick' offensive in that context?
very nice!!
Have a safe and happy 4th of July weekend from & the cast of
Happy Birthday Rihanna Ah I had gone but I'm here with you
Its going down one day til the livest party in san antonio/CLUB EMPIRE 2moro. MR Rogers in themix
Don't you hate it when a "famous" person does a following spree on twitter, then unfollows you later? Smh. What was the point of that?
Great win for the Packers!!!
P.S. had a shown down at Spin on the tables got butt kicked. Great time thanks spin, fantastic to have you as neighbors. Cheers
just got my pizza with mushrooms.
luvvers is all. Now please STOP already!!!
I feel like I got played. That's new.
He who has courage and faith will never perish in misery. -- Anne Frank
Thanks to everyone at Emerson who came out tonight to listen to our pontificating!
I followed back C: <3
Thank you #CaptainSerious for forcing a Game 6! Can't wait to go to my first #Blackhawks playoff game tomorrow!
Taking english midterm today.
There ain't no women alive that can take my momma's place.
All my roomates have been gone for an extended period of time. I ve done all my packing.
If you havent been to this weekend, get there tonight or catch it online. Great testimony refers to #SunStandStill book.
Thanks for following me back. You are such a cutie. Can I squeeze your cheeks?
#pariswolf do you like waffles?
Facebook is the 9th top referrer to our Libraries website. Google is 19th.
loved hearing everyone this morning, but the Dr. is by far the gem today.
Niall can be your hero baby, Zayn will kiss away the Payne, Harry will stand by Lou forever, 1D take my breathe away.
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking - “Fourth, Remember happy moments from your past.”
Actually we are working on some pretty good ideas right now. What you got?
Ok, so Nicole really wasn't on the phone -- but when she DOES let us know the latest, we'll be sure to pass it along to you! Happy Monday.
Why so early?
TODAY AUSTIN!!!! R U GETTING NERVOUS!!!??
happy to build for Outlook for Mac when Microsoft makes it possible - today, only calendar items available, no message info
Rough day but nothing a little pizza and a glass of wine couldn't fix!
Really now I think iam getting a Cold how is that is 92 out starting sound like the God father??
Easter Bunny or no?
Very cool Dee, will RT ;)
To the world you are one person, but to one person you are the world.
rules over EVERYTHING AND ANYTHING
#FINANCE #HIRING in #TAMPA an Accountant and Senior Accountant send #RESUME to
Drama? Yeah, not needed. Step back n be easy. Now... Time to go to Thr book signing!
Sometimes I wish I was ugly ...
just waking up, yawn. I am not sure, but something I ate last night has me feeling bad.
Stupid AT&T -.-
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken. - Warren Buffett
Alarm Clocks, because every morning should begin with a heart attack.
U about 2blocks 2 far lolRT : run to my house n bring breakfast kill 2 birds with 1 stone
I saw your ratchet ass earlier... And now I gotta see you again in 5th! -_-
#longreads My new favorite hashtag. Long live long form.
Which Long Shot Podcast member would you most like to see on Dancing with the Stars???
My mom and both brothers are in Chattenooga for the night, first leg of their trip from savannah to Seattle
Go hard. Prayers coming your way from
Plz follow me pit luv u:)
New York City are you ready?! & Live at Sullivan Hall Tonight! 8pm!
Awesome. I am A proponent of both charter and public school and I totally agree....it's the environment and standards put forward.
Come over ! I wanna go running !
or am i just going crazy cause i miss you?
They tell me I have got a mind of my own, but sometimes it's like my mind itself has its own mind.
BBQ at my house!
RT Lions getting some pressure....but need to hit and wrap up Brees....he's stepping away from pressure
So now Im stayn up till 5 so i can make sure my check ain't short n to c where this random 60 came from
Sunburn. Mosquitos. Allergies.
Thank you!
That awkward moment when someone's card declines...
Playing with the new. Blackberry. I think I'll keep it!
haha but dont worry i will be there tomorrow!!
Shoutout to for hooking me up with those redbirds tickets! #thankyouagain ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Join for a Picnic Lunch this Sat. 10/22 at the Archives Bazaar! 1pm on the grass in front of Doheney
Good Luck To You Guys Tomorrow. Get that win for Coach K.
If not I want pics lol
YAM - Yet another meeting...
RIP Nick Thompson. One of the true good guys in the world.
"Any good youtube shit lately?" "Have you seen #epicmealtime?" "Yeah." "...Yeah that's all I got."
The tragedy of life is not that man loses but that he almost wins. -Heywood Broun
dance squad just performed a routine to Gaga's Bad Romance. Gaga needs to copy some more Madonna material ASAP.
Ohh how I miss you bed. Its warm & cozy. I'm off to dream-land, tomorrow is another day in the making life has been good. So surreal. GDN<U+2665>
#IndieMusic MP3: The Tallest Man On Earth – “1904<U+2033>
Breeders Cup Turf - not a fan of these long turf races but for kicks I'm taking Sea Moon over St Nick & Sarafina . $10 ex box 7 w/1,2
Missing you, & that Cabo sun madly- the countdown to the 2012 TBO trip is ON.
Pretty sure I have turf in my panties.
Neville was the chosen one all along.
First #HRHappyHour - enjoying myself and the smart attendees! Thx everyone!
until u invent an entirely new language, characters, and infrastructure to create/support it, criticisms of Lucas are premature
Real bitches do stuff, fake bitches say shit. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
It was a nice ride. Thanks for the coffee! I'm looking forward to a good night's sleep.
I believe that my art class may have more tattoos then UofLs basketball team.
Last night Adrian Hohman passed away. If u care about his family his friends and my school you will retweet this.
i c u to mami
I post a picture in the street team of how bad I look then everyone else does too. They are all so pretty.
I do
2. more. days.
split personalities? w/caffeine, w/out caffeine. i like the w/ bc that estevan likes to chat & is a little silly.
oh heavens, girl. You make twins look good, though!
I guess ill get up at 730 to go see Ro to hook me up.. My head is on jacked mode..
please, please, please want 100 follow me follow 5
I didn't get enough sleep to be dealing with this right now
Sadly I havent watched in like 2 weeks! I've been so busy I miss you guys! I think imma go watch all of the videos!
looks like a pretty useful one!
Yep!! RT : We're all the 99% at #YWCATriangle but we are not all impacted the same.
great blog - makes me hungry!! :)
Congratuations Chairman Brown! You are the best man for the job. I look forward to your leadership.
You give love a bad name
I was trying to see where I misread that. It doesn't matter to me who u work for, homebrewers are the future of craft brew
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. -Stephen King
RT : A4: Why do you need a functional resume? Not qualified for the job? Then don’t apply. RTFJD (Read The Job Description).
Keep rolling Lions! Need more from the GA connection.
..in nola too..watching you on msnbc..I always enjoy your insight..especially the Medgar Evers reference..
Yes has won her first Academy Awards #OSCAR for the supporting role in
hey. thanks for responding to my text
wow, what an amazing app for busy moms!! One word, awesome!
Why is 50 da new hunit? I will never understand...
RIP Maurice Sendak. Enjoy the wild rumpus in the sky.
Jennifer Lawrence should deff get a twitte acct. omg
shit what time is it over there
"For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul."
The steadily increasing stream of recruiter interest is quite gratifying.
Congrats to the top new startups out of : Lunker, EV Racing and Buddy (My Buddy)
you have tattoos too?! Jesus Christ get in my bed
": passed out in my avi >>>>" you probably tried fondling him after you took the picture you freak
“: Oh, you park backwards in parking spaces? You must get all the bitches.”
Sitting on the porch watching my neighborhood
RT : Free appetizers at Sprecher's Pub Today! Just get the magic words found at www.phreeps.com
It's About lifting eachother up not dragging eachother down.
Jessi, okay my question was why are we following PrayingForCaitlin ? Considering i HATE her ?
Did you go with the Creative Cloud? Trying to decide whether it's the best option.
no better way to learn chinese than to approach strangers on a college campus and convince them to come to your show
It funny, I say something extremely inappropriate and gay and lose 4 followers and gain 5 lol
some beautiful visualizations have been developed over the course of the Institute
Emily Hayes is the most beautiful, sweetest girl in the world. She always makes me smile
Whole newsroom just cracked up at Callista talking about how much Newt loves books
Dear Demi Lovato, I <U+2665> Your Songs And All [ I Cry On Each One I Listen To ] But Do You Mind Giving Me My Diary Back?
Happy snacking! ;)
This is the day the Lord has made. Let us rejoice and be glad.
Cake for breakfast.
Be grateful for what you have and be humble for your successes.
Good morning, Tweeters! The Museum of African American History (Boston & Nantucket) is finally on Twitter!
The chargers are loading up! Not good for the chiefs.
lmao he'd be here anyway
I'd say Toronto, but they already overpaid him a few years back.
officially applied for graduation!
“: Great photo shoot with today! We can't wait to share them with everyone!!” :)
Thanks for the tweet review of Tower 10, Eric. Hope you have a chance to try Tower 20 soon. Cheers!
thanks so much Sarah:)
I'm ready for you to commit to Kentucky. UK fans are hoping you pick UK. Good luck this season
Hope you had fun yesterday cousin! Love you! Happy Birthday!
Agree. Another thing: "company type" property seems quite useful, was wondering how that is related to NAICS codes.
RT : A few more into preview tonite and tomorrow nite for God of Carnage.Call 635.5252 & mention this tweet for $10 balcony tix.
The person that I would try... is happy with a good guy.
Thanks so much! I'm excited to start with all of you amazing ladies!
Yes one more run dis inning 2 more next . We need the offense to show out.
ugh im gunna go cry myseld to sleep bye
funny-I planned on starting my next set with Roy!!
YAY! but ive been up all night watching and hoping his videos come back up!
I wanna pass a memo to entire theater and art world that is one sentence long: "If you want me to participate you gotta pay me. Thanks."
Chapter 2012 Page 74 of 366 I've been labeled "Random Abstract" by friends and family...I finally embrace the title.
If you couldn't make it to Pineapple Willy's tonight, I will performing tomorrow night (May 11th) again at 6:30 PM.
If my house had to be infested, I would choose koala bears.
to top things off. about a hundred of my movies were stolen. in the last 2 weeks. and by movies I mean DVD's and Blue Rays.
Being Ugly Is Beautiful
Jaja, sounds so much fun! Why is there no photo of running through the pumpa?
I really want to know if we'll find out what Troy sent to Britta.
Rosie Milligan Internet live show 3-8-11, 10-11AM Topic: We can complain about the gas gouging or we can do something about it now.
Yowch! Good wishes to you and yours, my friend!
I definitely will!
Monthly rentals available for & Dm me for details
sounds good!!
glad I'm spending time with my baby , bassssschurch for the night (:
That's why you looked familiar(: , my friend went on stage and we got t-shirts that were signed by him, at thee oc block
I totally remember that show!
Marco Silva Hawaii Real Estate Broker at Clark Realty Kona puts his Big Island experience to work for you!
what's your major?
#NeverBe anything less than the best you can be
Goodnight! Hopefully my life will get better <33
Make sure you head to Sam's Boat on 3908 Braker Lane from 5-7 for our Budweiser Van Hit! We will have tons of great giveaways so don't...
The three men you should never trust: Player, Pimp, President
There are ebooks and coupons for under .15 cents on ebay. Buy from 100 different sellers. That way you can get 100 feedback fast.
#3WordsOfAdvice Speak No Evil
damb forgot terry got a red
Cut your cost of listing property in Illinois, list for free at www.illinoisbrokernet.com
OK actually boarding now. Goodbye #FOWD friends. Til next time.
only if you catch a monster
you embedded a post that refers to higher Ed as "not a one hit wonder": as though it could be?
because i don't get much in life . But i NEVER SAY NEVER. You tought me that. But when i'm in doubt &' feell tbc
did not expect the discussion on jeans to be so useful! appreciated the convo on young professional wardrobes
umm like I give a shit.. ?
it's probably going to be all "COURTROOM and LAW material tho"
Thanks for the new follows everyone and mentions - help us get more likes on Facebook please! Abused in
I love Beck too.
#2012LeatherandLaces was a huge success! Great job team!
#myfirstyearatfamu This little midwestern girl was culture shocked. Everything was brand new!felt like I got 2 educations 4 the price of 1.
it's Definetly time for new beginnings
Ay aye Move that shit out the way! lol
-- Right now I am burning my wife's copy of Daft Punk's Discovery. This album is like "Lyrics? F lyrics."
"I call this pitch, Platinum Ice Storm", says Matt Garza to no one.
damn damn damn
Ron Paul just gave the audience bin Laden's explanation for attacking the US and got booed. This EPITOMIZES the Tea Party.
sorry babe in the theater room watchin underworld!!!
Ugh lost a follower ):
Listening to on #RocktheWorld with and
#JulietAnUnPopular sold 19 books the month of it's release. March numbers to be announced soon!
I love me martial's bbq
Google is the cutest thing today<3 go check it out.
"Tried that maple bacon beer you gave me from and it tastes like pancakes and beer FTMFW" Glad you liked it, bro!
You know I really love you this the realest it's gon get.
Thanks for the #Chicago ppl mention
Good Morning!! Woke up late but in a great mood....I still really need a cup of coffee!!!
it's almost your birthday!!!! I wish I could be heree
": It's a New Year, New opportunities will arise, all the pages are blank right now, WRITE YOUR OWN STORY."
#Brewers are getting harder & harder to watch without drinking
Cooler weather but allergies seem to be hitting hard. Not sure to what? Maybe mornings at work. . .
fried hot dogs and my favorite dudes.
you want to stick your chocolate in my blubber I have a deep itch Fireman Joe can't reach, while he Blockwalks you cockwalk.
Just watched the Pulp Fiction blu-ray last week and thought to myself that most milkshakes are probably $5 today.
so what's our song
Goodnight yall! Stay Gucci
Lindsay Lohan is being sued for not paying a $90,000 limo bill. Oops.
We've got good news. If you can afford to buy a home, but your credit has some issues. We Can Help You Buy! www.HelpingPeopleBuy.com
good night~
so, what really makes them great is what the leadership/interested parties have to do to get their war.
soy robot.
If you liked the Teahouse Fire (an understatement in my case, it was adorable) Ellis Avery has a new promising novel out "The Last Nude"
Mm, baby girl's shit killed mine in this head to head but I gotta do what I gotta do.
Big session today w then back to nyc tom, LA I'm gonna miss u for a minute
Some people think im ....
you have no followers ( ;
When I tested G+ Hangout record feature, it capture a local video clip I shared in the session in archive. Not sure about Youtube.
What can we do about the situation in Syria? You, Walt, and Jim wrote the book.
u need to come to da party tonight
Marched with Sandy in the 4th parades and wear her t shirt each time it's clean. Hit the streets too. Sandy's great!
Heading to the Murat Theatre for the Heartland Film Festival to the black-tie event to rub elbows w/ the company of Martin Sheen.
If this … Negligence, Z-man was aggressor, in-sighted incident, even if he got his but kicked, could lose affirmative defense self-defense
Land Rover LR4 - The Car Connection
So i gotta tweet through a text -_-
Besides, I'm waiting for a position at Monticello to open. ;)
#hniu Kinky observations: functional pool takes 20-30 year old males
The Chicago dog from Sonic is next.
aw cheer up mate !
How do you know? :)
I'm gonna book you both one day!!
It's nice to be able to stand up without the world spinning. Another few hours of that and I was calling the doctor.
i wanna go to twitter jail .
If you have no will to change it, you have no right to criticize it. ~Author Unknown
thanks for the RTs and mentions
#NBCdebate since when did this become a Mitt/Newt only debate?
how creepy it would be
So apparently I was able in 5 minutes to drop the amount of particles being rendered from 50+ to about 6 per effect, small victories!
I wanna move to Columbus, OH..
Luckily I lived in Manhattan, once upon a time :)
Your happiness should come frm within. No thing, or individual shld dictate your happiness, it shld be in addition. Be Blessed
Sometimes I feel like a King and my parents are my serfs. I also have a usurping older brother but I had his punk ass exiled years ago.
I was excited about potentially visiting Belarus while reading the first half of your previous tweet. Then, not so much...
Living off mojitos for the last 3 days.
He gets cuter and cuter--- you're gonna be in trouble momma! ;)
Officially my favorite thing that happened at the #goldenglobes: the Felicity Huffman and William H. Macy duet!
students get your etiquette dinner tix $7 in Seton 120. Dinner is 2/8. Learn to network in business setting over dinner!
The real winner of the NFL Draft is the company that manufactures the number "1" for jerseys.
any slight chance that you will be honest and admit that Hamas has been trying to kill Civilians for a while-try telling the truth!
So cut me loose, this has gone too far. I'm getting out while I still have a shot. I get my way.....
If you, or someone you know, has been talking about eyelid surgery - here's some facts for you. Consider having trained eye surgeons...
is working on a Quake Arena Arcade podcast!
"Let's revel in wasting our time as adults romanticizing about the wasted time of our youth"
Have a great time! Would love to hear how it goes.
I don't remember this quote from the LOTR movies, but its a really good one; Not all who wander are lost - J.R.R Tolkien
#iloveitwhen little girl say , its so cute(:
google it, and tell me the difference
Go,Go,Go
you'da best, hurry up!
i shouldn't be left home alone.
&we get nothing 4 the n between the lines admission of a total system breakdown collapsing on our lives; my Spouse & I? What? What? BOOM
I kept hearing he was really over the top, but I kinda wish he would've been more over the top.
Man is body, soul and spirit...being bound in any 1 of the 3 will prevent you from accomplishing what the Lord has purposed in your life.
All around a great game!
I've added the rest of the 2012 dates to the AR calendar, hope that helps.
. Thank you very much for the RT!
omg is always so critical of my tweets. But it's okay, cause he's a loser :p
Watch us on tomorrow morn at 5:45. We will be talking all about Sunday's walk. W.sdarthritiswalk.org.
"Air of night"
Aww...lol i miss our juniors!!
hey Jazzy Babyy! I seen your video of you rapping. It was so good. I was like, "I know her" lol
I Think Hookers Would Be “Effective” Counselors/Therapists… They’re More Result Oriented…
WHAT?! HOW COME NO ONE TOLD ME???
why should I follow a fake ?
RT everything High value.
Sure. well, Chad, Ella and Hayden wont be around her all the time. Then i'll show her what liars you are.
Air Force Academy football team is at WH Rose Garden today to get the CIC trophy presented to them by the President
Where is Gino's, I;d like to try that burger.......
The Union play under a bridge? More like the Philadelphia Trolls.
song is awesome:-)
I feel naive. Its pathetic
of course you do. Get a license plate # and call
Im sorry , ill be there tomorrow :) RT : I feel alone :c rt. : im home :o
Carlton Farms Boar Sausage today! Swine w some wine Cinghiale Style Sausage
you are welcome. Keep sharing great content!
I am speechless THANK YOU! I Love IGIGI!
RT : Force may subdue, but love gains, and he that forgives first wins the laurel - William Penn
1- i go through phases of musical interest. One week ill be obsessed with Maroon 5, next day it'll be BFMV :)
Last day of the month gets the best deals on Hardwood flooring!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMA! Is that racist?
Filing my taxes... *crossing fingers
Mac Miller
Just because sometimes I'd rather pee my pants than getting off the couch to use the bathroom doesn't mean I am lazy.
It is the most beautiful day in Chicago today!
Kobe Bryant on a PSA says he is SHOCKED that there are 50k homeless people in LA. I say it is only because he takes a helicopter to work.
how r u
u got rabies
Not quite, but we do have a ton of specials right now. Call us for info! :) (512) 444-4600
I have got to stop playing Skullgirls and go to sleep.
Happy Sunday :)
One Gator out, one gator in. Does this make you feel better about
Rollicking. Love that word. I first saw them at that music event at the Zoo. (What's it called?) Rathskellers. Never been...
Probs the worse day ever :/
RT : Do yr #Tweets influence HedgeFunds? partners w #Twitter +filters keywords for $ mngrs,find out how
Media feud!
I don't see PRGRMmich, your missing a key party
Sleep time
i dont know how far away is mesquite from your house?
Bwahaha! Are you serious?! You want it that bad? Oh dear. I better get to writing...
I kno <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> I miss you hoe.
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me? Please don't change, ever. . :')
I've been thinking Mary Magdalena, if I loose my election, maybe I will go back to the sisters at the convent reknew my vows & become a nun.
All these Big bitches n here.....i shoulda wore my honey bbq cologne
I cant even listen to half of my ipod now. CongraduFUCKINGlations.
I come to win not to see you walk away with a smile on your face and my trophy in your hand. i'm binging it this year!
It's so good! Now I have to re-listen to them all :)
"stop drinking alcohol in class" "it's not alcohol it's wine" IT'S 10AM you wild fucking bitch
Just discovered my previous tweet was my 666th. I guess now you've got MY number.
This series is not over,Boston wins next 2 Miami wins game 5 and Boston wins games 6 and 7
Nice. $1B FB + Instagram. Now just need to add to it, and the empire is complete!
Good luck with the inbox cleaning! I created about twenty folders to organize everything. Including one for 415.
Great one! His nods to Nina are so sweet RT : I really wish I could read Al Hirschfeld's diary. Think he hid "Nina" in the margins?
Ok. Cool. Im annoyed.
Should I go on a blind date??
LMFAO. It just stopped working out of nowhere? xD Why don't you get them checked? lol
My sentiments about President Obama's announcement today are the same that expressed in her #FB status.
On WWVA-1170 radio with BloomDaddy at 8:50 am this morning. Get out the vote day for early voting which begins today!
RIP Mike Wallace
Top of the morn'n! Looks like we made it! Tgif!
Okay, time to get up out of my comfy warm bed, stop blowing up twitter, and go run
I haven't seen it! Too bad I'm in NC or I'd see it with you.
My barrage of delicious afternoon naps continues.
id advise homies to stay homies. few ppl u can trust, all the ogs told me.
Janet Reno 911
Honestly, I would like the deal more if Ellis opted out. Still a shit trade though.
isn't that the dude LaGarette Blount cold clocked?
Fallow me on Spiffbox.com Get paid to socialize per friends request you make money no catch its cool!!! just like myspace facebook & twitter
Listening to a student share about how where you attend school matters in terms of the education you receive. Breaking my heart listening.
I would, but I think I'm too old :)
SO Busy Schedule . b/c School Starts the 15th ugh i hate that our summer was short as hell (: Two months aint nothing !
2010-11 season starts with a bang as teams go 7-8 from the 3 pt to start the annual Crimson & White game. Great turnout of family/friends
my eyelashes itch. and yes, it's possible.
8.29.09 Bye Bye Show at Mango's Fat Tony, , Tax the Wolf $5 8pm all ages
not one single bit.
#BackWhenIWasAKid we had penny candy & jungle juice....
My bras are getting so pricey I need a lone three times a year. What do store bought girls do ?
did somebody say cats?
Living the #diamondlife every day all day
Lost hours spent on a website. *blink blink blink* Daylight?
Starting to get excited about upcoming visit with
That is very ADAM advice... duly noted. Don't you feel like a fraud though? Maybe it's better to be real & sometimes hated...
The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest.
Sorry Elliot threw up inside your Christmas gift box....
makes the best beef sandwich, #TheBeefEllington uncommonly great!
go up the street to the Owl for the real crazy, it's cheap beer night there on Tuesdays.
thanks for following!have a fantastic evening&be sure to check out too!xoxo
Empty barrel mek di most noise...meaning: people who don't know anything about the subject, always have the most to say.
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.
THANK YOU SO MUCH:')) <333.
wow extreme fog downtown
I'm totally addicted to my #OTH season dvds. I actually watch them everyday. So happy I start #WORK tomorrow. 8+)
yea according to my mom I'm a bad kid
Big thank you to all the new followers! We appreciate it!
I have no words......RIP Whitney Houston
"Damn three hours left at work that shit like a long block class"-kid in the cube over by the water cooler
My wife chews the fish-oil horse pills - I still choke them down.
I want my long hair back .
just wanted to say i love you guys :D
Good morning to all my Laker Haters
Congrats to everyone graduating from MSU this weekend! Enjoy it and truly take in all the glory because afterwards it's the real world lol
Dan, Barbara, and Sarah address the great group of people gathered here at
Ball Four
You have no idea how many little Ovechkins I coach here in the PVAHA...the o-zone creativity is fun; the d-zone is...not.
Left beacon at 345am arrived at JFK at 745am..missed flight..how's yur morning
They gutted his weird ass ..
Can you please vote for Germany? We all have waited so long and we'd be so thankful. <33
Portland's Pihcintu Children's Chorus featured on the TODAY Show just now. Amazing. So much to be thankful for.
A little something a bit of crack can't fix.
thank you.
hey my baby girl is 22 today, wow does time move by!
Great tournaments on the local, state, and national level can be found at www.tournamentscoop.com
Yes I have change homeless man, but its mine! That's what sets us apart. If I give it to you then i could be where you are come tomorrow.
It's called when I fall :) hahaha yayyy!
Only 13 days left to take advantage of free shipping on your personalized Slyder Football game!
Just got a parking ticket because my haircut took too long...so not fair!
And after 12 freakin hours, my foot is starting to get feeling in it again. Took long enough
Saw last night. SO GOOD.
love you sissy
yes. Stretch there often and today. Sad.
ahha thanks!!! :] and that sucks o.o
RT BYOD obstacles seem to be more about control than about learning. We need to think Differently.
Attempted to accomplish two things, struck out on both. Can I go back to bed?
Yikes! Either way it is an image you can't shake. :)
I just wanted to make u happy:)
I suspect that I just watched what will prove to be the most entertaining game ending of the season.
Wow Matt Jones is tearing Joel Pett apart ! Leave the guy alone, he does excellent cartoons and is a great addition to Hearld Leader !
This #ipad has horrible battery life.
yup....you can tell that we're in Arizona..-_-
interested in United for Youth. Exciting times for The Foundation and Equal Voice! More when I see you.
Do it Your Self Type
I was thinking somewhere closer to home so I can get ready for work quicker
Self destruction in such a pretty little thing <3
yay! I need some daily "Happiness Bubbles"
To celebrate # Braun being found innocent, I will be going to the bar shortly
Trying to bake something fabulous for the blog while playing fetch with the cat.
Hooray!! RT: : Months ago I tweeted my love for - after a brief hiatus, I can say they are still my favorite in DC!
Congratulations to ! She has the password to tonight's #CovertTU!
#geekend #fa115 via "80% of [American] Internet users are social active"
Who would you call? Ghost busters or Kellin Quinn
Green spicy spaghetti!!! Yummy!! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009D>
I knew you would like that one...it was sweet...had me looking
ALL CAPS=enthuses on the WORD !
It was nice to chat with you at the #UPEILC event today. I hope gave you a good presentation!
Click LIKE if you're craving a MamaPita wrap!
they are just getting big!! :)
Hope you get better soon :)
Hungry & in the design district tonight ? Check out Gastropod next to Independent Thinkers: 222 NW 27th Street
uh oh
Fat ass :P....You will never have a chance
Hmnnnnnn I should sleep now
Richard:"You know, I had a great aunt once who said if you stare at a beautiful woman too long, you turn to stone. She was partially right"
Are you on the twitter website? At the top of the page there should be an icon that says "@ Connect"
Great things! planned a head, im stoked for the summer! check out my website!
Camilla runs it....
ull get them in January, worry not
"Parenting is a gift at any age."
When Mr.Lee calls me DORA >.<
love me some Chaka
Can't tell you the last time I was not financially stressed out.
Tell me what you know about love, I'll love you what I know about love.
RT “: Only I have the power to rid myself..........from the demons inside my mind.
an image pdf from a scanned copy of a printed out email - I'm so glad we're on top of preserving our information in useful formats here
This tells you a lot about the person asking
Finally purchased my membership, yeah! Enjoying sessions while getting some work done this AM. Surfer Blood session great!
Thank you for the follow! I hope you have a lovely Thanksgiving holiday!
Students use youtube to pronounce words. They don't use a dictionary...that's why we should be using images and videos.
Hi! thx for following me...someday I will make it into your showroom :)
we circulate iPads in a neoprene bag with the charger. Can find out the brand if you need it.
My time is precious, if your not precious to me I don't have time 4 u
tanning TIME. <33
It was great to meet you, too! Have fun teaching the noobie NP's today.
omg that is the best tweet I have ever read in my life<U+2764>
This had been the worse day of my life!
oatmeal weather
Sacramento, are you out there? I want to follow your tweets!
:) Yes. Lots of space too. Very excited about all the space.
Poker tables for sale!!! www.eproducts4less.biz
Can't always judge a book by its cover. I was sure I'd pass on new King Tuff record but instead I was pleasantly surprised.
Men really suck at noticing shit. Went from bright red hair to dark brown and my dad didn't notice at all lol.
so nice to hear thank you. Once things calm down a bit I have ideas for how to spread awareness with the funds
Thanks! Much appreciated.
im so not feeling like myself at all rightnow im not even talking like myself
I miss Stringer Bell
its sounds good if you didn't have confidence we could get a result at home. If they hit back on a counter for 2-1 DISASTER!
hey bro we gotta exchange some songs this Drama hit me....
stop singing!!!!
RT : First rookie appearance went well, had fun with the kids, even tho some of them were kinda bad. Well they were bad.
Remember, the only poll that really matters is on Election Day -Turnout from Multco shows less than 9% of people returned their ballots!
Time To Cancel That Bitch Like Neno !.
Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow again. Maybe he needs to stand in a different light.
& this is crazy , but here's my number so call me maybe ! #onrepeat <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
But somewhere good
Hard to believe tomorrow is #HelloDecember! #GoodbyeNovember: you went fast! Oh, and Happy Hump Day to All!
Congrats to fellow Aztec and welcome to #RaiderNation ...Dude was a beast at SDSU and will be the same on the
ahaha. thanks for the compliment, but if I don't work out, I won't fit in it!
Watching Ann at the desk handle a very cranky patron w. grace & professionalism. Hey lady, the fines are a good investment.
no cookies for this mama. Ready for some ?
thanks so much Mel!!
tight game between LAL and OKC !!!
Mary Mary I love them they thought me a lot threw they music
Detouring tonite to local club for throwback band. All you vampires ~ tomorrow morning comes faster - TONIGHT AT 2 AM WE JUMP AHEAD AN HOUR
only 13 days until the ! it's my favorite time of the year! i swear...it's better than Christmas! YAY!
Thanks for your support!!!!
Shower in gym? I think yes,
Great time tonight. Seeing some old friends and they are rockin' it.
we're going to have to change your name to WODzilla!
This episode of #house has my crying like a baby :/
i want a cute relationship
Thanks for the RT! We hope you have a great day!
I agree
that sounds like fun! And yes I do lol why
Porn stars have started following me on twitter. I am 100% sure it's because I am following
seems into social media- want to join the launch of our start-up? Free to have BuddyGuys keychains floating around Chi. DM 4 info
welcome home. we missed you
Undertaker is the dead man
I've never been happier!!
goodnight sweet dreams:)
its so windy but i love it haha
#random why do ppl have to be so damn stubborn. stubborn=hard to deal with. can u not be so difficult???? Please
going to be attending this event my sister bf is gonna be performing at
Me, My Two Best Friends & A Bottle = TOUBLE !!"
I find myself wondering how you lovingly rip off somethings head.
Thanks. When I clicked on "Add a new credit card" nothing would happen. Had to start over on the tickets homepage.
Hope all you FAC heads had a wonderful Wednesday! Come on in tomorrow and receive two top shelf grams for a $30 donation!!
Nathan Ruyle: What’s happening with all the data on Facebook? Insurance companies are most interested in buying it.
very cool! please follow !!
Give free or low-cost trials to get more people to try your product
Thanks - back atcha!
thank u
Good for you. So much can happen on the internet with children so good for you for watching.
RT - I think the Miami Dolphins season should come quicker to be honest.
In Spain, Greece and Latin America, Tuesday the 13th ("martes trece") is unlucky. #Triscaidecafobia is the fear of Tuesday the 13th!
Come to #Denver! ": Just 2 weeks away from the start of the tour! GET EXCITED!"
Good mixtape, many bands I've never heard of. liking this one: Dag for Dag
When people text me "K"... I like to text them "L", OMG you next!"
When sprayed with pesticides, plants tend to produce less Resveratrol.
Is it time yet?
So I kinda decided that I like the song #aftermidnight off of #blinkoneeightytwo 's new record. It's pretty good.
Yeah buddy <3
oh yeah when you coming to the chi
OH YEEE!! Cool! Glad we're on the same page lol how's that record coming along?
Napping gets me in a great mood :)
tonight! I know and maybe are comin, how bout you?
Would it be inappropriate to take a #CircleMeBert sign to the #Marlins / #Pirates game?
makes Sticky Rice look like Burger King.
My thoughts exactly RT : Diggy got Bow Wow lane on smash
Staying busy preparing for our Self Wealth Live event in Chattanooga this weekend!
what about flying?
RT : Gov. Mitch Daniels gives shout out to ed reform in GOP response to
Shorty is too much for me, my nigga better get his girl.
If only Electricity was free -.-
Just set my DVR on record...no way imma miss #FamilyHustle! :)
you would have loved this
"What happens if a car comes?" "We die."
Model Event all weekend...Can't wait!
Stefany wrote all over me I look like a clown daww.
nah mine are way better
P.S. There was a naked butt shot of in #TheVow. I must admit, I didn't hate it. :)
dad is telling the dogs to quit expressing themselves through barking, and to choose another option, like prayer or yoga.
hating that movie: hard. being bitter that those seats can be charged for: easy.
What sooper power ???
Good morning! I have a date tomorrow. We're going to a corn maze. I've never done that before. Fun!
watching movie with my cuzzin. hahah pretty funny
Remember when we couldn't wait to grow up?
What's every Jewish ecofeminist's favorite holiday? TuBshvat!! Happy New Year Trees!!!
can't ever go wrong there #Truth ...
We're thinking about #SteveJobs today, who was and still is the face of innovation. He continues to be an inspiration for us all.
My pleasure giving back!!!!!!!
Thanks! I couldn't make the party. Hope lots our NBC7 Family got nominations because they are the best.
ALL OF THIS SPAM!! get away from me!
"The Negotiation Limerick file" was my favorite track on Hello Nasty. Such a fun song.
Reading Classical Greece by Robin Lane Fox (2006), a most useful book. He writes well and reports on the latest research.
Hoop time! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Its Official Douglas Carter Beane Joins SISTER ACT Team!
the prowler sled! Gets you shredded everytime!
plz come over there's wine n vodka. k :)
Photos coming soon from Uni in Brooklyn. First, a drive to Cambridge MA. Good night Brooklyn.
Was so busy thinking about how wildly bored I was, that I missed an in studio live shot I forgot I had. Sorry eek!
So True!!! RT : Breakfast Tacos from are a great way to start the week!
Good Morning! Happy Monday (sorta) :)
Let's go if u wanna it u can get it just let me know.. I'm bout to....
i can't wait!!!
Click. NFL draft time.
Sorry for the unvollow but #nfb. Happy to help with your social media 417.437.3949
Listening to while getting ready for our performance at #TheDonGatlinShow tonight:)) Excited!
Atkins: We should be thoughtful as we move forward.
Honestly I'm not the type of girl you wanna piss off but if you wanna go there then lets see how far you get before I beat you
Is it safe for me to assume this is Mystique Macomber? And don't be offended. Most found out on Facebook.
Wow, I am so proud of my friends, they are so beautiful and talented! The process is: live life to the fullest!
Straight like that!! Kobe
Is this the 95 #Indians team??? This guys are hitting the crap out the ball today!
ManMy mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions
hahahahaha! A lot of my friend's know your daughter! Don't you live in the Woodlands/Spring area?
Hello! Everyone knows that you are a Scammer! We will trace you. We got details on you. The US company already had a list.
1. that sounds dirty. 2. you should have a slide. 3. actually no, multiple slides.
Visiting that many times, most people assume you already work there. Why not check in with #belly and get the staff discount?
Two lies and a truth: Stephanie- "I've never had a threesome... Wait!!! What!?!"
nice! well let me know if you need help with anything! OH! we're having a dev meet up June 15th @ Core3 if you wanna swing by?
Oh ok. Keep em under control mane.
Glad to hear your going to be on 2.5 maybe I will start to watch it.I hope you the best. : ) P.S Does that mean no more pranks??
Who run the world? Girls!
Hate holidays
Good afternoon twitter!! How you doing???
Now, Live, Aaron Zimmer from Brooklyn!!!
If you follow us we can tell you have to get a free nights stay!
I completely get that JV had the wild pitch and a change probably had to be made, but hell, anyone but this clown.
that was the longest half day of school ever.
Hales: Put an end to the Pearl District urban renewal area
Something is always there to ruin the commitments of a relationship, wether it's family, friends, another chick or a jealous guy.
please do some fucking research&realize the state of California might as well be a country&I'm gonna need you to be a little more specific.
why justin's youtube name is kidrauhl??? eehh someone tell me ok no :)
Oh up close he is way more.beautiful you can really appreciate every curl, and his eyes. You just want them to look at you.
Come join us for drinks or dinner tonight before you partake in the always interesting Greenville nightlife.
hell yeah! Ebanks got ejected and ripped his jersey off too!!!
how have i never heard your tunes before? these sound great!
Kenny Powers!
are all artists here at Lola VFX. Its Friday. Shouldn't you follow them?
Lmao so ig im pose to be heartbroken that shit hilarious
I hate day light savings time and we don't even change our clocks.
Hm what to give up for
Don't look for a wiffy...... When u have her then treat her as if she dont even matter..... Ur problem and another man will solve it.......
we appreciate the invite buddy.
why thank you! Didn't I give that to you in driver's ed? seems like forever ago! lol:b
I think it's on Friday. 5/27 at 4:15 pm. Not the best time slot. Definitely psyched to see Hicks on Sticks.
snow in new england. shits kraykray.
My birthday is just around the corner.
I'm so sorry about your mom! Were all here if you need to talk, stay strong <3 :)
cool. big fan of small conferences...just a different type of learning / interaction. bad timing for me this year...maybe next.
Yep -- we've got a Menu Planner today, which will be enhanced with individually saved meals in the future.
my teacher helping on that shit the same teacher that help pass his
Ergh...all this freaking homework is making me mad. Why can't I just sleep all day, don't you learn better when you're well rested?
Just saw hit n' run at Aurora & Denny. Car chase ensued. Keep your eyes peeled for a black late 90's x-cab ford ranger downtown!
well done! you are cracking me up. We are going to add some of your photos to the album. Thanks for participating.
Saw it on friend's fb w/ comment "this does NOT apply to me!" I'm doing ok. Missing you 2 & wishing we weren't 1200 mi apart!
-Thank you for the
I thought it was an exaggerated character for comic effect, but this guy next to me talks exactly like Milton from Office Space.
Double for RT : An average person will spend 1.5 years of their lifetime in the bathroom.
thanks for the RT!
Leadership should be born out of the understanding of the needs of those who would be affected by it.
will u do a duetceith ??
Chelsea what happened!? You beat Liverpool in the FA Cup Final and they just beat you by 3?
Cleaned apt, took a nap, loaded HEM. It's back to normal life. I expected to be happy once WSOP was over - but it's actually kind of weird.
Pre school fundraiser for godson: 700 parents standing to photograph kids and 70 3 year olds crying on stage.
tics for spac and still have to plan vacation for California
#OneTreeHill & #ModernFamily Here I come. Then I will endulge in a little #Revenge and have myself some cheesecake :) xoxo
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference....
Selected to the most Pro Bowls. Ever. RIP Junior Seau #RIP #NFL #BrainTraumaRelated?
follow and please :D x6
It's 7°F and a guy just walked into the library wearing shorts.
FANS - You did it! 800 LIKES and climbing... FIGHT ON! Have a truly wonderful week! Traveler
Thats for the
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 39
Why do NFL games have to be on Thursdays too!? Football already has a monopoly on sat, sun and mon. Enough!
What test?
It's warmed up to 30 degrees! Just bought some wine, bring on the snow!
Glad to see one Baltimore team come through this weekend. What a great fanfest.
Hey from DrawnDead Poker Wear. Check out our new designs!! www.drawndead.net
DOWNLOAD NEW MAD MAX MIXTAPE GHOST WRITER
<3 I wish my immune system would support me like you do. Then I wouldn't be in this fix.
Booty tweets, I love technology.
It's BRUNCH TIME! We have new Brunch martinis! Let us know which one you like best.
Im on sum other bc I got a son but I can still write about what im around, what I see and been thru, thats what makes me phenomenal
Slipped through Taylor's hands
When a man rises so high so quickly we must think he was misplaced in his origins... This at least was the view of Aristotle.
Expensive night at Time for take three at this finish
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The government can automatically withdraw child support from a person's paycheck when they get a new job.
“: Supernovae are a Blast”
she isn't even ugly. Just big
Yanks better win with fortunate calls like that...
no worries, thanks for following
A few minutes away from kicking off a great Innovation Alliance event here at our building! Excitement is brewing!
Thank you, <3
Does anybody else automatically laugh whenever they look at Charles Barkley or us that just me?
what bro ?
EVERYTHING HAPPENS FOR A REASON
Home :) hope everyone had/has safe travles
cant wait for this week to be over.at least #NYR r going to dominate tn
Rich Forever = Motivation Music
. Nina McConigley () Finalist for Flannery O’Connor Short Fiction Award, 2011. Must read her "Cowboys & East Indians" story
Yes, she was alone! And beautiful as a brunette, wearing lots of bling too (but didn't look at the ring finger!) Xchanged smiles :)
how are your performances going?? Please post pictures!
I am a Christian, like pirates in tight pants sans shirts, also prefer print comics, am straight, & I like you just fine! :)
you don't even know
The Crazy and the Real.
Thanks for the RT! Hope you are having an art filled day :)
F%*k this I just wanna wake up in a tropical island with no drama and no annoying ppl that bitch all day...is that to much to ask for ?
So apparently planking went out of style so cat breading is the new fad. Lol Google it.
On days like today, it's important to remember the worst Bond girl name: Dr. Christmas Jones. Last name, Jones; first name, Christmas.
geez just leave me outa the #brolove why dontcha
And we sit here today, watching as the one thing that makes the sport of FBS college football unique to all other sports fades away.
i love youu<3 please follow me (:
smh at the people who talk to you all the time and then when you stop talking move on to the next person and make them feel special
Enigma is a mess. Love that Ms. Osbourne and Ms. Cho have joined the panel tonight. :)
RT “: Everybody has their own struggle . So be kind .”
I know! I was SO excited haha. Maybe sometime post MVP. :)
Massive sing-a-long in Mojave tent at with Gotye- a highlight of the festival
yeah they shoulda got the hornets
Y'all know Shaunie will never separate a fight. She too busy profiting off it
imma get back to me just wait
Ray Allen amazingly quick jump shot, Rondo not so
Thanks - you have an excellent product and I love working with it.
Looking forward to interviewing the Occupy attorneys today on WORT (89.9 FM). They have a great story to tell. Questions? 256-2001.
Happy b'day !
Is it wise to build Nation on the wealth of the 1%. IF their wealth is illegitimate, it is faulty foundation. Dependent on their prosperity?
nice! You play? Me too - trumpet.
The study and property owners say the area is hitting capacity specifically on Friday and Saturday evenings/nights
phone call from a guy in LA looking for the SCA. He said I was "listed as head of the whole thing online." Sure this would surprise the BOD
You txt me when im out at the club for my bday or when im doing hw for finals i answer and say im busy. Then i txt u and u say im ignoring u
Disney Junior UK&#39;s #1 Series Jake and the Never Land Pirates Goes Virtual With the Launch of Jake&#39;s World
You will often find yourself arguing (even outloud) with your own conviction (that was given to you privately).
#ThingsIAlwaysSeeOnMyTL how different the world is
Bemani and Beer sounds like good people.
Just discovered the "mentions" section of Twitter so just now seeing your msg. Sorry! I love Norway! Can't believe u have a RR there.
Prepping for afternoon audition!
my birthday is almost over and my bday wish still hasnt come true:( please follow me and make my birthday special<3
Monday, is that you? I wasn't expecting you so early! Four more days... And then my IMPACT Dance Company show!!!!!
I really want to do some more yoga portraits! Contact me if you're game.
Woohoo! Hi! Nice to meet you, !
At wild wings with my wonderful husband.....our favorite spot, but I think it's our 3rd time this week! Yikes!
Lol I told you to get out the street son.....you looked like you ain't recognize me...smh
Starting the day off right
exactly. So I'm not a whore hun.
u still bord
hopefully this doesnt take long.
what did you get?
If a guy is treating you like he doesn't give a shit, he genuinely doesn't give a shit.
Goodbye love.
ok guys im back from mexico
disconnect is in Congress e
in the closet nascar fan?
Hope is that this methodology can be used to support CAPSEE's state projects.
You're very welcome. Thank you for following our updates
good to see you at corner bakery. u in town often/ever? Would love to reconnect.
#NowBumpin "Splatter" by Tyler The Creator ----- I bump this everyday when I get off work lol
1998 recording of "Home at Last" on betacam from in the American Archive Inventory!
it was effective! Thanks for speaking! You were a vital part of the event's success!
Happy Mothers Day to my amazing mom!
aw, thanks buddy!!
Will do. Doesn't have to be tomorrow. Rest up...
To me, he just sounds douchey.There are YA books as well written as some adult fiction,& there's adult fiction as bad as Twilight.
If you can't be happy alone, you're not happy.
it sure is, just sign for your free trip to las vegas
don't lie
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy - Benjamin Franklin
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "Discipline is the key element to Success"
It's not that bad that he is only going for 3 months. At least he isnt going there for good. He would never just leave like that.
Is swearing off chocolate and pizza
Thanks for the RT! Here is your code for GradeSim. LXYPNHEPWFPP
Happy Easter everyone...nJoy
#Lackey, Trio of Sorcery. 3 popcorn urban fantasy novellas: witch/Guardian, shaman/PI, techno-shaman. I want to be a techno-shaman, myself.
Today marks the 100th anniversary of #Titanic's sinking. Visit Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition to honor those lives lost one century ago.
that's what I had until today. I left it like this for a couple hours and totally forgot until I looked in the mirror. It's gone
The higher we make our standards, the lower we have to make our expectations.
And Thank You
LA is cool and all but i'd much rather be home right now....my buddy needs me!!
Soups are a great option as the weather gets cooler. There are so many delicious, healthy & very filing soups! Turkey Chili is a great one!
Thanks so much! I appreciate!
I forgot how OCD I get when playing Mass Effect.
:) almost done unpacking!Then I'm going for a nice run...because the weather is actually tolerable!
great inspirations from in the AM - look forward to what you all create.
now i am sad. i was hoping to make do all my geocoding. the old 'you're the only one with SAS' trick.
Nice write up. Done a great job so far with the draft. Keep it up.
But "The ubiquitous nature of renewable energy argues for a decentralist energy approach," says of
Americans turned to tax sites in droves in February: According to a new study from Nielsen, tax-related Web sites were viewed by 53 m...
HMM.... RT Gossiping is a feminine trait.
This mornings Operation: Sound Off! interview on WSM's Bill Cody Show has been postponed due to weather.
On my way to the mall then a rams game
yes u may lol
On my tombstone I want it to say: 'I didn't forward the text message to 15 friends."
Your music sounds awesome, by the way! Just checked out your website!
Who says I can't love the dirt and be a model too=] Check out Dirt Wheels Magazine... =] I'm on my KFX700 tearing it up in the desert!
We're all set for the Association for Asian Studies Conference on Thurs - see us at booth 118!
glad you like it! Ps, THIS is 's (not famous not done recording not on MTV) nerdy band :-)
How about an LP filled with ice cream, sprinkles, banana, and chocolate sauce?
Rebecca, come watch with me! I'll be up there at 6!
Only another half hour until the #ZocaloJob chat!
My 'sign out' function isn't working. It just keeps refreshing the page. *sigh*
My twitter has a train robbery today.
Let me know some of your favorite Mac eyeshadows please :) Going to Mac today
Do you believe in easily winnable series against a seriously decimated contender?...er miracles?
What are some lighter menu options ??
THANKS for the shout-out on #FF! :)
busy busy busy. More shows and updates coming up soon!
Whitney Houston dies the nation mourns. Your nation and freedoms die and you say nothing.
Is this story an example of self-censorship by the national television media to shield government from criticism?
point taken
Do we have any followers who do experimental & avant-garde work? Chat with us!
Nicceee! Good idea. I'll have to tell my hubby to do that! ;)
Proof that words have power. Magic power.
Oakland penalty to Jacob DeSano, 2 for slashing. 5:32 left in the second. Oakland up 3-2
My lil sister acts like a freaking lil candy fat ass machine ball laughing gassed mask bitch around her Fran's wait nope all the time:p
everyone should own at least one
Heard beautiful lecture today by Susan Einbinder: sympathetic reading of #medieval Jewish poem of trauma.
Just registered for #sxsw 2012. Always one of best weeks of year. I plan to join some of the interactive conference along with music. FRE!
Eating ice cream !!! yum:)
God gets all the glory when we humble ourselves and say ‘God I am looking only to you, and no one else for help.’
If I was a dude, rest assured I'd seldom shower and always be covered in Bod Man.
Hey ABQ!! My Boy Scout troop is selling Luminarias $6/doz. DM me for more information!
Thank You for the post and email blast. We are so grateful!!
:o dont say that people im sure care about you even though i dont know you.
You lucky im in a good mood learn how to sign out Flame smh
He wakes me up singing and playing Snow :-) love this life
RT : Having a map with locations of all my classes is a great addition to My UW. I'm glad i wont be trekking ALL over campus
Brad Stevens on stage with Kenny Chesney just made my night!
Don't worry just keep wishing & one day it'll come true that's what happened to me:)
Working on our organization of client information today and getting things ready for the next month.
Ha pussy be so wet I think I'm at da
Awww. :'( I had a feeling that was your real mom. *huggles*
IKEA has the best stuff! Thanks to our recent trip, I have turned a junk corner into a brilliant office space :-D
Now, who in the Indy area wants to get some lunch?
Are you watching American Idol? Send me an invite because...AI people are COOL!
Thank you and you are gorgeous even when you are sick!:)
Please follow me or Retweet this it will mean alloy to me!!
Thank you for the retweet. People need to know about the effects of histamine build up in the system.
out of this world tagline! Love it!
I mean, the Talk Wordy To Me! heart....
they're a food truck, but I think they might have a location in Durham.
How bout no.
thanks man! me to!
#OnlyAtHirschi does everybody in one class fails.. stupid geometry.
At 11:11 everyone will be wishing for love, relationships, ect. ..Yeah I'm wishing for concert tickets.
I thought you said you follow me? I'm very deeply disappointed. Shame on you.
Inhale the good shit, exhale the bullshit
I once tore ligaments in my hand while playing wall ball. I was 23 years old.
Definitely going to go again. I just need to narrow the scope a bit.
I usually give to beggers, but didn't give money to the guy outside of sbux. He followed me inside and bought shots of espresso.
Ok this might work keep saying no I pass lol I know everybody is getting annoyed oh well
Tired.... Bored.... Dont wanna be here right now... I do not want to go to school tomorrow.... Blah. Ugh.
Thanks for the support!!!!!
Sometimes I don't understand why things happen the way they do but I know in the end that God has a plan... :)
I get that same feeling from eating at Chic-Fil-A, knowing my money is going to Pat Robertson.
Time to Sleep! :DD
not a single damn weak link! :/
Life without Mo will certainly have its obstacles. Stay positive and never give up on the best team in the world.
When you reach the point where you want to give up, look behind and see how far you have already come.
Tongue puckering...of course. ;)
I thought a lot about the infrastructure of our culture.
In ww2 japan set up a camp of about 1k misinformed women to fuck us GIs in hopes of protecting the rest of its women more inland
Any radio stations live broadcasting the AZ cnn debate? No tv here but plenty of radio available via Iheart and nobex
thanks for letting us know, they are pretty awesome up there. Will make sure to look into this on your behalf.
I spent the evening picnicking in the park with my man & snapping Polaroids with my land camera... such a lovely night <3
Owl outside won't Shut Up..Damn thing keeps asking me "WHO"...I've said Mike Jones like 30 fu*king times...
tipsy. fucks wit me
I have a 10 yr old that said about my 4 yr old I know she has autism but sometimes shes annoying which is soo understandable...(cont)
It's going to be lonely in tweet land at #AACU12GenEd. No wifi access (signal, but no code) in meeting rooms.
Thanks to in #Chicago for having us out again last night! It's always a blast!
PS, I never recommend spelling recommend "reccomend". I guess Zucca put me in the Italian mood
hey and i just screamed worse than yesterday!!! bahahahhahaha
I was thinking the same thing. In theory, maybe. Looking in to it.
In a new tab! Definitely.
yeay! I feel loved now
The thing I came for: the wreck, and not the story of the wreck. The thing itself, and not the myth.
YEAH BUDDY!! RT : Tonight Belleville Ontario, at Belle Pub. Come out and party with us and
25-year-old Dallas Seavey of Alaska wins Iditarod - Hard work!
kira'in :D
No one knows whats ganna happen next, so get ur buts off of #TWITTER!! i swear thats all u people do, o wait, thats what i do too... SORRY:)
Go to the start...
Hi from Dallas! Hope all is BEST for you today!
I'll be playing with on Wednesday! Cant wait! Will be rockin out with and
I don't have your number, foo!
18 total bases for Josh Hamilton tonight! That has never been done in the history of the American League.
Congrats on your success! #Baltimore will be excited to have you!
Group just rocked improv games! I've paid $ for less funny performances. So proud of their courage -not easy as an adult let alone as a teen
Just Cause I Love To Show My Boobs Don't Mean In & Everybody Can Touch Them .
lol done... It's a two way street though
on day 1c I'm going to register for day 1d. Do you know if there's a chance it will be closed by then?
girls play @ 5 & the guys play @ 7.
Alcohol doesn't console, it doesn't fill up anyone's psychological gaps, all it replaces is the lack of God. ~ Marguerite Duras
same to you enjoy
Going to see new moon. To bad kids will be there
Tired bunny! Has an awesome time at the Adjustment Bureau premiere and party last night! Emily Blunt's dress was amazing.
I knew I'd end up getting hurt somehow. Nice. -.-
Good morning....
sorry I didnt have a ride and you never txtd back when I asked if you would be there
This morning I wake up to a big surprise my dad bought me ticket to an Asking Alexandria concert :3 This will be my 2 concert :)
Still pretty bummed about Junior. :(
Security shiel is a nasty virus :( If you need expert security shield removal we are offering a $30 twitter coupon.
... That is a beautiful image!
THE BOYZ ARE COMING BACK TO CHICAGO. OMFG, SOMEONE HOLD ME.
You're welcome! What a fun night! RT : Big thanks to the awesome staff at for a fantastic night of arts, food, and drinks!
A overloaded person should listen to the advise of those who are willing to take some of the burden from you. God speaks in many ways!
it's rough. I grew up w/o a father and sat by my mother's death bed in the icu for 6 grueling days. def right there w you.
That last tweet, just don't watch it, removing it soon. Sorry
Welp again.... RT : Update: Report of Derrick Rose's injury was premature; his status is unknown -
someone needs to tell Rick Santorum "I don't wanna go to heaven if I cant get in"
I shot a hoe with my nerfgun. ~Nick Mara
great idea: film reviews via tweet. Any other ideas teaching friends? Follow and share!
Sound advice, perhaps, but in this day of 50-page EULAs, it's followed by probably less than .01% of users.
Just got back from our weekly #meditation in Berkeley. Sunday hosting a Day of #Rumi Poetry and Meditation retreat. Will post details soon.
oh no! hopefully it'll mellow out by the morning. I need to start working on my tan. I've already gotten "pasty" comments :(
I need some sun glasses
Free coffee at Valero after a Spurs victory is that
we gotta shoot it, what's up?
Happy Nevada Day!
Its kinda bad when you like the people at PT more than you like the people you go to school with. Haha
"Expendables 2"??? But I haven't seen the first one yet! Gosh darnit. Catch-up time.
well Im visting this weekend , and just wondering if you wanted to hang out
Please follow me! WATCH SHAKE IT UP!
agreed.. The new UI is much improved in my opinion though!
If no one gets that KC & JoJo reference just tweeted that the #Browns signed Idaho LB JoJo Dickson today & cut RB Armond Smith
That's it: We're starting Julie&Julie Garbage Hauling.
Great home run last night !
What alondre told me this morning >>>>> <U+2665><U+2661>
maybe next time, homey. Things got a bit hectic over the last coupla days. Maybe next time?
What are your plans for #CincodeMayo?
sidenote there is definitely some for of rooster that lives in or around our building
Tweeting and walking #challenging?
she seems great lol
not too much! Jammin' to some FF5! :D
Not all drugs readily penetrate the intact skin. Absorption
Gah! I'm such a freaking nerd.
GET TAN TODAY! *Specials* Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 Free! Purchase ANY bottle of LOTION over $50 and get 2 FREE HT60 Tans! Visit a salon today
RT : So bummed to have missed . Great job with it cannot wait to hear all about it :)
: what you wanna know.? Lolz
#Unblurred this Friday @ 5440 Penn Ave: local glass artist will be showcasing her mosaic art including garden sculptures
Bohemian Rhapsody never fails to make my day...jamming out in line at
Cant sleep. Can someone tell me why i had a mountain dew before going to bed? Gonna have a hard time waking up tomorrow
Be at tonight! 7.5P Jazz 10P Federal Affair (Soul/Jazz) Be there! 5303 Lankershim Blvd. North Hollywood
Bring it.
haha why don't you go to sleep!
#nowplaying Taken - One Direction
Tonight's preview of Nov.12 #collegeprep fair at UIC w/ student workers this evening was great. Thanks !
If a salad isn't mostly bacon, it's like what's the point?
suntrust already does this. Considering taking my business elsewhere but I'm afraid it's where they will all eventually go.
Just passed the building in Stanford, CT! I got giddy like a school girl
She had some trouble with herself ~
We watched The Hunger Games this past weekend and now see what all the fuss was about. Great flick. Next we'll be reading the books!
There were 7 bystanders. Contact us if you want to know how to jump in and help the targeted - safely.
Everyone needs to seek out and watch the movie, Paparazzi! It's an incredible documentary directed by Entourage's !
No lie 2 chains
i'll call you tomorrow afternoon re imaginary friends!
you cant have a seafood taste with a value meal budget
#dirk too much for #nuggets 33 points but two fans in front row made it entertaining
what's up sammy
gotta love that #Shakeology! We hope you enjoyed your stay.
Couldn't agree more. It was marvelous.
i can't find it , How is the picture of the app ??
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it
I want a sweet PBJ sandwich! Just so sweet like, !
you know you want ours (;;;;;
The kite's intestines, not the cat's. That would just be weird.
with Engine Room On main stage now
Women don't write plot.
erin and tony
Just filled out my class ring order form!
If you feel sluggish, eat spinach, bananas, onions, grapefruit, and pears to help cleanse your liver and give yourself a boost.
Orthodontist in 20 min (y)
Boys play around, Real Men settle down.
"Tip the world over on its side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles." -Frank Lloyd Wright www.rocketpropelledltd.com
How long have you been doing video production?
come get bby
I like that you both disagree, and neither really know what you're talking about. :)
thank you. you are such a sweetheart.
#libchat Q1 I designed display for open house, collaborated w/ PR and web services to digitize it and create large displays around library.
I just saw this!!! Thank you so much for helping spread the word! <3
we might get the MSA conference administration to support that
When you're forced to hang out with movie stars and billionaires you just drop the word right in to the dinner conversation?
Seriously in love with everything OC. Orange County > Burbank.
Well scratch that! I forgot that One Direction is British. LOL. They have the best music, with some silly exceptions to bad music.
what did u guys think?
Listening to #SAYSOMETHIN omg. I love it. Asdfghjkl;' . Great job Austinn <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Stockton is my city and i say we got some talent out here but most of them is gangsters and not rappers.
Watching Holy Musical B for what is probably the tenth time.
Ricoh Demonstrates &quot;Clickable Paper&quot; at drupa 2012, Bringing a Rich Multi-Media Experience to the Printed Document
We just finished testing the Hunger Hammer cocktail...yum! $5 and all proceeds go to
When I hear Chris Brown's voice in Another Round at the end, I get weak. I love him <3
I need a treat yo' self day!
. Hey girl friend!!
New customers come from the actions of old customers
I walk into the room dripping
National Symphony Orchestra for Bach performance tonight. Perfect day for the Kennedy Center. :-)
Sec 220 rt by the Bucks Live guys... is wearing white tennies w his suit lol.
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before.
When you realize it , it'll be too late ;)
Can I just die now or....
#TVD great episode!
Have a great session, my friend.
haha actually neither am i ryan! Im wearing all purple (:
Do you hate us?
Can someone find me an 'expert' that is not picking the Astros last this season? And you can use the term 'expert' very liberally.
dude i saw it man it was nasty
Harry Potter, the boy who lived, come to die.
i need some more gum...
Austin has braces! RT if you like his braces, aha (:
#shestooyoungforyoubro if you're still being invited to sweet 16s
Come in, pick-up, create a master piece on a pizza box of ours. Have your box displayed in PS and maybe win $50. Do it before May 31st.
Spending some quality time with my brother.
Thank you for the post!
“: I called you that cause you're babysitting” oh lol.. But I do that everyday at work!!!
I would be like "Oh.. Your graduating from Penn? EXCUSE ME BUT, WE GOT A BADASS OVER HERE. -____-
On the front porch with the fam.
Thursday's Chef Special - Fresh Sea Bass!
There is no better way to celebrate!
#caa2012 Lev Manovich encourages CAA to embrace the intersection of art history and art practice
O ok lol. Where do you work?
One thing I don't like is a person with a jealous mind frame if you a hater I automatically cut you off
Chopped. Best Show Everr
We've upgraded Cloud Browse so use Flash 11.2 and Firefox 11 over the weekend. Please let us know if anything is not working for you.
Just realized you're at Rutgers. Any classes with Tayari Jones?
yup yup! Underneath the covers?
Oh I want to come too! We should go on your birthday! :)
Homeward bound. Back to Seattle. I see at least 2 other #NASCIO11a attendees aboard.
Just another Tueday just like the rest, what will you do to make your Tuesday different then last?
“: YES! DMB on a Saturday back at Jiffy Lube Live!!!!!” Nice!!!
Have a show tomorrow :) wish me luck!
Why not still building the Keystone pipeline leaving the border crossing for next president? Obummer bypass!
Thanks for the solar tweets!
Lingerie Football League poster in the Daily News today, pick it up. Go Passion
only yours were rhyming.. haha. none of his did..
Can I get a shout out from ? <3
Mr. Gorbachev, tear down these lines!
Cutting your leg in the bath <<<<
1. Two stories last Tues with Napolitano, on cybersecurity/interoperable communications legislative needs, the other on Irene funding.
- Good luck! Remember - blow air out of your nose! :)
thanks for letting me stay! It's a pleasure to chop it up with you.
Citizen scientists help address the data deluge.
Off to a gymnastics #audition! Haven't worn a leotard in so long, talk about a wedgie.
sounds like fun!!
$1.50 tacos & tecate tonight at the goat!!! (beef or chicken fajita). Yum!!!
Smh at girls who try to date guys that have girlfriends. #yourewastingyourtime <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
where did you get that? Im going to need one now!!
I don't either, but I just started laughing hysterically.
Did I watch Die Hard with my 5-month-old son? Yes. Are we watching Die Hard 2 now? ...Yes.
black boy lookin like sheasss butt um
George Zimmerman murdered a teen: Bail set at $150,000 Lindsay Lohan failed a drug test: Bail set at $300,000 This is our justice system.””
A dull day - Whole Foods and Costco; actually, after all the excitement, dull is good.
I am watching <U+E12A>
Enjoying watching Jessi Alexander on PBS performing at It's been a long time since I have seen her perform.
Once you go casual jazz pianist, you never go back -- Andy McDowell
2011 #NHLDraft drawing to be conducted Tuesday, April 12th at 8pm EST on TSN and Versus.
At my age, I've seen it all, done it all, heard it all...I just can't remember it all.
who cares? not me:)
Get your copy of One Day at a Time at www.CDBaby.com/rshamar or search R. Shamar on iTunes, Napster and wherever CD's are sold online.
So why is Captain America the leader of the Avengers? He is by far the weakest.....I feel like the Hulk should be the leader.....
that is an epic cover!
#LiteraryEvent 5/12 2pm Burnside: Author Grant Petersen's “Just Ride: A Radically Practical Guide to Riding Your Bike”
calling for #performers, #musicians all genres #hiphop #classical, #choirs #bands ...
(pulls you close)
Good to run into you. Sorry about the interruption. Catch up soon.
Headed to church Greater Union Frist Baptist of
after lunch & going to 6th.
boo, why doesn't Boot Camp support Windows 7 yet?
I'm looking forward to the memories of right now.
change the bio and add Ur name (: delete the other one
Best source of procrastination: a walk to !
I love those days!
oh it happens
My husband appears to be mildly addicted to #GoldDiggers on the History Channel. I shall sit here and continue sorting M:TG cards.
thank you!
the entire
Do u believe that the difficult times r temporary? Never make a permanent decision 2 temporary problems. It's called
IM IN LOVE WITH IT TOO AND ITS NOT EVEN MINE lol
How many of us audio and video professionals could do what we do without his genius (MacPro, Logic, FCP, MBP)? RIP Steve Jobs
3rd period was so funny.
bahaha you make good life decisions. xD
How is it that Smash makes me desperately miss NYC and Broadway? ... ?
I fancy that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir
lol I was in twitter jail once too lol write them a note to get it unlocked
anyway it is a matter of weeks now until the print version comes out. most of the heavy lifting is done. hope it helps #autistics everywhere
Rick Siskey - Delegate everything but genius; Frank Sinatra didn’t move pianos.
Help us get to our $400 goal by Feb 16; $335 remaining. indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
On 285 listening to Aston Martin Music
that! and twitter :p
well just so you know Wayne is using you for the four days when most people vote...
aw thanks!!
Enlighten mine eyes with the light of understanding of Thy Holy Gospel. evening prayer of St. Antiochus
nahh i think you guys were warming up, but the boys team was there too?? did they have a game after you?
I can always count on aikido to make me feel better after a rough day.
he suppose to draft with the 2 truck but don't see why they didnt
Who else was wants to beat up the 1800 Tequila guy?
i noticed.
is "hose" a technical term?
I thought he mentioned being a member of the polar bear club?
Good lord, 18$ worth? Your gonna be on a sugar high, your poor wife!! You crack me up! lol
Dammit why do I have to work at 6am every morning?!
Thanks for the shout out!
i mean theres always something to do... you just have to be lookin in the right places
Any recommendations for restaurants <$45 that provide a unique DC experience to take my folks for Thanksgiving?
Is Jlo dropping some nip?
Well, she was wearing a fringe shirt...so I deemed her a genuine Nickleback fan.
slowly but slowly.
Why, yes, I *am* looking at & registering for more triathlons while the ibuprofen kicks in.....
Aw, happy birthday Daydon. Smartest 11 year old you will ever meet ( and funniest) :)
so do we! thanks for the <3!
Hey, Follow Back ?
Playing in a cancer fundraiser bball tournament today "hooping for a cause"
Got a strange call from a scanner head. He heard a radio call that a woman was trying to steal a baby from Strong's NICU. Checking it out.
Was hoping some peds folks from #PAS2012 & our social media workshop would join #meded chat. Maybe they're here looking/lurking/learning
Bumper to bumper traffic when I'm late as fuck is THE BEST
AHH I am soo excited!!! I can't wait!!!! :D
No animation shows on Fox tonight! I don't know what to do with myself.
is going to be ecstatic!
Agree completely. We get so much information that way. Have you read Blink?
Preds versus the red wings in the first round!
So how many margaritas are a good idea when you still want to work later? You're gonna say one, right? One. OK. You're right. Sigh.
Thx Cuz! ": Watched my cousin this morning and your hair looked Great!”
Congratulations Jr Martinez and Karina from DWTS awesome season. A true inspiration.
Specials from Galaxy Digitizing, available on bulk orders of at-least 100 qty for patches.Any questions, contact
Collection=everything we lend (books,ereaders,scissors, calculators, laptops), &everything we provide (DBases, NoodleTools, etc)
Happy Thanksgiving from our Flo Fusion Fitness family to yours!!! Come see us soon for your personal flo fusion fitness experience =)
Don't wanna feel sick.. :/
i wish it would rain. it's relaxing.
watching #HartofDixie I was re-watching last weeks first. This better end well. :)
Do kids still eat kool-aid these days?? I haven't seen it in a minute.
FB. What a mess for the market place Does Joe Public still believe short term market moves are not maneuvered? Really?
Obviously 1D agreed to tour with BTT or something like that so it's not just BTR's fault, I really don't like directioners(c.)
...and then Evans gets worked by Zbo
Mother's Day Brunch at Fritz Pastry!!
17 more days UNTIL GRADUATION......YAY -Same As SHIT)
Excited to be here. Ready to learn and be inspired.
#ThanksPaulForBabysittingOurHomosexuals <----Hahaha, I just laughed at this trend.
Eating at Hach-ma-tack inn :)
woah . Welcome to the light lol
Cocktail of the day: the St. Germaine- Peruvian sparkly, elderflower liquour, dash of grapefruit; the perfect way to ignore the cold
People always tell me I look like a model when I wear my glasses. I hear: "you look gay with glasses."
42 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
oh hell yeah packers. you make my day. in other words. you lookin fine
We have a party this Saturday! Come by 119 w. Buffalo ave, Santa Ana. $10 at the door gets you in to all the fun!!
#Orlando rentals are cranking! Let's go investors
Ah! my poor baby! ur cheeks will be fat! lol. when we visit ima be poking ur cheeks
Come to Texas, you stupid nincumpoops.
better not be beef lady!!
For this is the will of God, your sanctification: that you should abstain from sexual immorality-1 Thes 4:1-8
Female violence
I know right?!(;
Either would be sexy.
New York Rangers
took a great tour of the #umbc archives at the with and saw lots of cool stuff!
thanks for the mention, sounds like you appreciate 's perspective on overcoming the network effect
Proud day for Miami: and Gio Gonzalez are All Stars!
at least the ginger part isn't
The only thing I can think of at the dentist is how they're gonna stick those disgusting ass torture tools my mouth.
Just realized that the washington capitals are a #hockey team.
Thanks for the re-tweet and ! I think crowdsourcing my #pla12 gameplan is the way to go! :)
I hate when immigrants talk about Americans, as though we are stupid....if you don't like America go back to your 3rd world country, bitch!
Who's Ken?
can you PLEASE be my first follower???
And I do know of other pining folk. We overbooked our space a bit rather than running a wait list.
You leaving Cleveland to go be Wades bitch,stay in Cleveland where we love ya , not miami so you can have big names to help win
#10BasicFactsAboutMe 10::I try to be a good girl but #itshardouthere ;)
now you've gotta go to the bookstore and get all the graphic novels to answer all the unanswered questions you might have.
Here too. I thought it was cuz local kids are out on Spring Break , but maybe it's something else.
Enjoy this beautiful fall day with a steamy plate of our Farmer’s Market Linguini!
I think your account has been hacked.
Callie will be presenting tonight to the Women for Social Innovation Award committee - keep your fingers crossed for me! :)
AH YOU ARE NOTICING SO MANY PEOPLE! Could tonight be the night that my future boyfriend tweets me? :)
Will be heading off to BEA tomorrow, and for the next couple of days.
weird is a compliment!
aw it was funny (:
I wish people could hide their fucking favorites. Fucking bullshit.
RT this to make sure your RT still works
what's good
That would be an interesting stat to look up -- though I'm sure it's never happened on clay.
So many permutations of this joke.
Calm Down, Finals Aren’t That Bad
huh? I am in the upstairs of Argus. I think.
Off to lunch
Psalm 145:16b "You satisfy the desire of every living thing."
so what am I supposed to listen to in the morning?
Butterflies can’t see their wings. They can't see how beautiful they are, but everyone else can. People are like that.
I hate messy disorganized people <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Crazy awesome amazing chicken sandwiches.
Yeah fuck Maine, moving to Florida after graduation. (:
LeBron choked at the line.
Can we have a redo of Saturday's Seattle weather today? Pretty please?
Some flies aggressively fly right into your face, repeatedly. That's what it feels like when you talk to me.
Nothing productive is happening this period. Let's be honest. #getmeouttahere <U+E04A><U+E307>
Patron wanted to know where the photocopier is.
I feel like there is little to no emotion in the #Brewers dugout! I wonder what the clubhouse chemistry is like!
Don't miss "THE ONE" Storytelling Series Monday 4/11 at 7pm, Cyclops Bookstore, Baltimore
Made it.
ALMOST DUN WIT THE "NOTEBOOK" DEBUT ALBUM! -WRITE IN IT
Some people talk too much.
Don't date the most beautiful girl in the world,date a girl that makes your world the most beautiful
No. Somewhere along the line my account was hacked. Sorry for inappropriate tweet. Hope you're having a better day than I am!
Thanks to from for stopping by the set today!
AccessScience is on twitter too
That's great to hear! We're on the edge of our seats here haha
lol helping my sis get pampered for as job interview in the a.m
Isn't Mr. Bachmann already the Swiss miss in that couple?
comes on strong again tonight in the #IowaDebate held : People should take the oath of office and the constitution seriously.
My shitty day was completely turned around :)! sucks I have to be at work in 3hrs .....nap time
my roommate was there in November and had a great time. That being said, her family is from Burma so she had 'tourguides'
Thanks for the RT.
I feeling like the Cats are easily going to cover tomorrow.
Our theatre is electric with activities today. Clouds+Drizzles=Perfect reason to make some art indoors.
I does happen. I had my first lead generated entirely by linkedin. A new prospect connected with me in linkedin to get SEO consulting
Phil Humber congrats on your perfect game.
The #LWS is kickin' off...looking forward to seeing some exciting startups! Good to see the women are representing...
Awe, wonder and veneration are evoked by the magic of true beauty. -- S.H.Sharpe
If laughter prolongs life - my class is immortal.))
I'm not. I've been watching bowl games. What kind of stuff did he have?
lol noo. They're all mad at us. Mike, Rosy, Ronn etc
just met danny gokey at the air port! best day ever? uh, yes! :D.
why is joe dirt trending?... thru & thru :D
THX Katie you rock and GOOD LUCK and keep well and hope to see you again soon!!!!!!! BE WELL!!! :) J
Bout time for some more ink. The summer getting too close
Missed FF but hope you're week is off to a great start!
They're all the same, one just happens to be sanctioned. $35/mo for IDX is nothing compared to R's "enhanced listings tax".
. Great imaginations...
Hey. Thanks for the comments. I've already shot 10 more drum tutorials. You've got me thinking about ones for horns now.
:( awww my poor baby! Hope you feel better love<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Tell me when ur home so I know to get on
pens are coming out swinging in the third
RT: hope everyone is having a wonderful Labor Day weekend! (You too! #zapcash)
Jus left #NEXT2NAKED #BOIWHO #STILL <<<> all inside jokes "She Bouncing" video gonna be fye!
good morning tweeps
Food Safety: Grocery Store Bags
Watching horror movies with my daddy and Savanah. <3 Gotta lloooove horror movies!
ur a bad bitch arent you!
Thanks for letting us know! If you ever have future problems w/ your reservation call 1-866-4Zipcar. DM us you Zipcard #
I know,like i wish everyone could meet him i really do but awhh i sure will!:) if i go that is<3
so u good now?
I'm here, but late. Hello anyways!
#CanSomeoneExplainToMeWhy nickelodeon keeps hiring bad actors with connections to make shows nobody wants to watch?
Come to hall 8b @ 13:45 for the next du Soleil special performance - only two left before they go
Late breakfast with a cool friend.
3 more days until our exhibition! Come see us at 7pm this Friday (6pm/members &VIP). Meet photographer the Diego Huerta!
Our trip is booked to meet ! Thanks !
We Need All Ends Over Here
Catch all the college football action today at Joe's on Sullivan 1/2 off hot dogs and $3.00 6 pack wings
George Tooker~ Painting is an attempt to come to terms with life. There are as many solutions as there are human beings.
Seeing Hunger Games in a few, making my parents take me #Hilarious #HappyHungerGames :)
so sassy. Hey guess what. I started my own bucket list... its very thrilling
In case you did not know Rocks!! Thanks for your support!
A1 Leaders harness the voices of their employees by unharnessing them...scary as that may be.
well I'm in dexter at this ensemble/solo band thing. Hopefully she will bring you one.
sounds good thanks! let me know if you have some good recipes dude!
Reaching the Hispanic community isn't "the right thing to do." it's a smart biz decision--we've got wallets; buying pwr. -David Chavez
There's always a real reason behind every "just wondering".
whats that mean?
It's so hard to believe. It always seemed like she was a god, an immortal. Not just her words, but her.
Where is the internet waiting list? At the end of the table. Yawn.
I got nothing to do I might just take a long ass shower!!! :(
What's the new tat gonna be?
I recommend leveraging to boost the impact of your tweets--#TY for initial inspiration.
slam dunk over two men...sick indiana
BOONDOCKS!!!! Pimp Named Slick Back "I believe you are suffering from B**** Dependency" KMSL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
What was black is now blue. Next time I hit you. The punch will come so true. That I will end you. Me.
who tryna watch paid in full with me tonight??
KG ann 1
is hoping someone tells Desmond Bishop what tind the plane is landing in San Diego, so he can join the rest of the team for the game.
let's talk about it. Send me contact info of who to talk with. Thx for the note. My family loves Mellow.
me and Mariah never said that happened... You make up lies about me Sarah
I would like to just skip this day. My eyes are really messed up/cant see out of my new glasses and headache.
Rt my relationship aint perfect , but i couldnt imagine going through the sht with anybody else .”
Am trying to condition myself like a lab rat. I only get food if I'm doing work. Not working so far, seeing as I'm on Twitter.
What I cherish: visible evidence that a deeply valued friend is thriving--externally and internally.
RT : The way we choose to respond to those against us says more about our confidence in God than our frustration with them.
CMS-based mobile solution allowed Hirshorn to move quickly with no budget-
crazy. cuz they were big plants. like four or five giant bowls of lettuce. and i only ever see one little rabbit around
hey cud u pls tell me. is shes ol now :P
We're now sneaking a peek into Chief Scientist Amory Lovins house in Snowmass, CO.
im mean this one
jeez - 40 minute windows update process, great productivity killer on a friday morning
Leadership development is about becoming the change you seek so make a change today! Check out www.leadershiprising.com
Starting a 6am slow #jog #walking regime...should be fun :) wish me #luck! gnite
The sound of military jets drowning out a presentation on "Gold Rush" and empire.
my fav cookie in the whole world will soon be available 1 mile from my house. is now opening locations in SoCal!!! m
Happy Valentine's Day! Did you know the first recorded mention of VDay was by Geoffrey Chaucer in Parlement of Foules in 1382?
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress. -- Nicholas Murray Butler Have a great day
#SometimesYouHaveTo Don't care about anything & take your time to rest!
Pure Glam x10 Bronzer is our most popular lotion! So for a limited time only we will knock off $7 from the bottle price! Mention this ad!!!
is correct...the new iPhone is blazing fast. I'm digging it.
lol i bet you can
You ready for this!? : wtf! you got one right here! ^_^
: Marriage has ended
Mobile Adoptions today from 10am-3pm @ Clark’s Pet Emporium Inc., 4914 Lomas Blvd NE
said "..betcha by the end of the song you like me.." And she was right.
Lmfaooooo do u like the caption??
Weds would work out, there a particular time that works best?
in case you forgot - bombs kill. IF IDF died - then they died in the line of duty and will be mourned by the entire world.
Dont wanna break your heart, I wanna give your heart a break. I know youre scared its wrong, like you might make a mistake.
I need a nap
Whenever my dad forgets 's name, he says "Play that one bad ass bitch that you always listen to", makin' me mod proud tho Pops.
Finna be on my college shit soon
Enormous Pigeons in the name of my next band.
I totally agree. Although my ethics prof and most metaphysicists disagree...
Man If I Had A Chance With That Girl, Best To Believe I'd Treat Her Good-#Damn!
Isn't that what Grandparents are for? :-p
haven't got em in yet but a friend has a pair and I seen em in person on Monday. Ebay.
And we're off on #RORHillDay, 2012 edition!
Well at least now when the Illinois head coach speaks, people will know for sure that it's the voice of a man
..I think the Broom Sheriffs depart needs to tell Jersey Shore that their cast is robbing stores in our area....
Anybody know when the Atlanta Zombie Walk is? Or if it's passed?
how u doin?:)
For sure...where you guys from?!?!
people who give you feedback on your software are not interlopers, they are your customers
Wishing my link a Happy Birthday enjoy your day love you
Haha. I'm in Miami :)
$2.50 You Call Its Tonight! Bulls @ Charlotte 6pm
come home so we can start the weekend!
My moms gone CTFU !
your tweets never disappoint!
Class tonight at Collin College - I am ready to learn something new.
Excited to be following
you going to Honda?
done! If only that could help you...
Friends are like boobs. Some are big, some are small. Some are real and some are fake.
10 of the Top 20 Kindle Bestsellers are Ed McBain titles. 90% off did the trick. Still can't top Ms. Collins though. Three more months!
That Welcome To H-Town Only thing i been playing since tape Dropped fam
I loved you for the person you were, not for the person you are now.
Your life is a puzzle, don't waste your time trying to place people where they don't fit - Wiz Khalifa
Get your broadcast technology job - visit Ericsson, Edge, Alacritech, AJA Video Systems and other recruiters at the
yay ! Im writing a blog post about beauty on a budget
I always get a venti vanilla bean frap
Let Steve Jobs inspire us to believe in ourselves no matter what!
Hanging out w friends at chili's baby!
I havent cause I thought you gave it to
Clearly I spend too much time on my own...
reminds me of me being the high voice singing the pledge of allegiance, haha
You must remain focused on your journey to greatness. -Les Brown
Nothing kept me on the edge of my seat like #RINGER Bring Back Ringer
I LOVE it! Have fun, I'm jealous!
"The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said." -- Peter F. Drucke
The more people you follow, the richer the experience.
that thing any good?
I am. But my "drive somewhere for spontaneous fun" limit is approx 1000mi. 1286mi is slightly of my driving range. Just barely.
wolf wolf!!
haha I was typing that! I almost moved into a building at 15th and RI mostly so I could eat fried chicken at Crew Club
Im an emotional Roller coaster for sure one min im up the next im down SMDH
Currently picking my classes and making my senior schedule… weird.
sleeping lol .... been so damn busy lately sleep has not been an option! Why what u up too??
Maker sure you mention us so we'll know that you did!
What up fam, follow back ya boy J Notez.. God Bless
Ugh were here ah
Follow for info on the 3/50 project and support locally owned-and-operated businesses! Real TrashDolls buy local, think global!
Agree on Hickory, and on the south end, Shelby, with mountains in view and Bridges Barbecue.
:D Thanks for doing what you do!
Back home after watching two scoreless soccer games. I may rob a bank just to get my heart rate up.
SOUTH STATION <3
I read some people's tweets these days and I just wanna be like what the fuck is wrong with this world
We are a perfect venue for weddings and rehearsal dinners! We have no rental fee and can hold up to 240 visitors. Call today: (317)264-3585
GG20 has a twitter! you're a genius! EVERYONE FOLLOW ME!
In the charging/networking room. Someone come say hi!
Website launching soon! Keep yer eyes peeled!
meant to say won't make it
Dylan told me that he doesn't know when kickin it is airing on israel but keep looking 4 updates on the channel Ok <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
i feel ya on that, customer should always be satisfied! But maybe the sun will brighten the color just like it brightens the day :)
No ETA on having a Droid app
WAIT YOU GET IT?!?! YAAAYYY
We get so much rain in Portland… Mowing the lawn isn't just a chore, it's one of the P90X DVDs.
#Lakers vs Minnesota tonight!
90 minute jog before the kids' piano recital this afternoon? Genius. Get me a double espresso, stat!
you just gave up the most prettiest girl on twitter...shame....
Beat the heat - Pantera's Vulgar Display of Power still gives chills...
Getting ready for work :)
monkey costume......
Enjoy the learning process that is part of any transformation.
Just ordered the last parts needed for my first HF #HamRadio station, looking forward to a lot of fun w/ this.
: yes I am! :) with you theretaking pics and cheering me on
What's stopping you?! RT : loved seeing Elisha @ OU today! still wishing I could go on every single Athena program!
Omg a spider! Hi, little spider! Come here. I wanna pet u. WITH A BRICK! Good, nice, dead spider. :)
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light
Did you attend the F1 event?
they changed the start time to 3 this morning.
Happy Hump day facebook fans! Have a great rest of the week!
This is so excellent. I'd like the voice of this poem to be my
thank you for sharing this post!!
Hmm.....might just bust out the PS2 tonight for some good memories.
or....in charge.
I love the way you think swagg
#deusexmachina dont get it twisted, do it proper
yes I can. Peace n live my sistah *holds up 2 fingas*
#whatwomenwant: we want you to learn how to give a massage!
So I'm actually moving to LA two days before the conference. THAT IS MY LEVEL OF DEDICATION.
Today's magic relationship word is RESPECT
...and yes , our old twitter page is STILL SUSPENDED, HA! so, this is gonna have to do for now - PLEASE RT!! #musicmonday thx
nuthin I'm goin to panama city not next week but the next and I was supposed to get them new js but they dont have my size
In line for !
MRI results in: Chris Bosh does indeed have strained ab muscle. Out indefinitely. Pacers size advantage in that series just got a lot bigger
Thank you for the love :) Have a beautiful Friday!
Karen, hope to see you Safe travels.
red, white, & blackout hahaha
#Santorum haters beginning to emerge again. Yes, I'm talking about and
Am I the only one that keeps misreading Gotye as Goatse? I see goatse videos, goatse live, goatse interviews, and think "well that's NSFW"
RT "#NFC is an access technology, not necessarily restricted for payments" -Andrew Morris, Market Platform Dynamics
Hearing rain.
Knicks get D Howard & block BK. Amare,Chandler/1st rounder from a 3rd team (for shumpert) seems good right now if I were orlando
bring it on I'll pierce it
RT : All this fussing and fighting all for what? If we always making up in the AM.
ONE follower away from 1200. Who's it going to be?!?!
"Georgie" Left his mark on my acres each of the FOUR times he was Posted here - see my website www.Historic-FortMyer.com
did you master the moussaka?
Odalis Lopez, another great example of The Latina Effect. A Latina making a positive effect on our community. #eLatina #LatinaEffect,...
CONGRATS ON WINNING A BRIT AWARD. YOU GUYS DESERVED IT! <3
Dave Matthews and Jack Johnson
Real baseball fans should hate ESPN (unless you're a yankees or boston fan), MLB network covers all teams with way better commentators...
Im fina add some things 2 my look!
I agree is awesome. Those cyberbullies will get kicked in the shins if they're in front of me for playoff tix!
I've been an emotional wreck for like the past few months. I cry over everything.
what a sweetheart! were these for easter???
A big day ahead. Church with the family, three baseball games between Ben and Nick. Yeah, Baseball in 45 degree weather.
excited for the day that i can see the Lord's WHOLE plan and go, OH that's how i've been shaped!
myspace, smoking.
hey guys (kendall) what up! What up!
Juliet is alive!!!!!!!!! And hurley should never have a gun...
Check us out at a week from tomorrow w/lilly hiatt & gonna be killer!
one week until i move away from Seattle to Vermont!
happy birfday, bro. have fun.
Slauson says his surgically repaired shoulder is doing great, and think participating in minicamp is "absolutely" realistic goal.
make it!
New Tour: The Underground Rebels Tour ft. Potluck, Kung Fu Vampire, DGAF & The DRP
SUPER BOWL! Stock up today to miss the last minute rush. Lot's of specials to make the commercial watching more fun!
The car that played Knight Rider wasn't evil, but its windshield wipers were.
Finished watching Nationals on Glee! Omg I am bawling my heart out! I love this show! I don't want it to end! #NEWDIRECTIONWINNERS <333
High above the mucky-muck is : where does her power come from? It's #GenderBenders at tonight!
ha when u said I see u Rebecca I thought u meant literally lol
there will be tickets available at the gate. But don't wait too long, they will be going quick! See u there!
RT the vac or the wife? : “: I have the same vacuum.”I don't know how to turn it on.
Great example of the pwr of FB today. Connecting back with old customers who sign up again - make sure you are keeping in touch!
My cluttered, makeshift office, surrounded by plastic toys and folded laundry which is stacked uncomfortably high.
#histdet_pbs Did not see NYT piece on Old Ironsides. Got a link?
too little too late if you ask me.
Expenses: Internet 12, breakfast 9, dinner 12, waters 8. Oh, no drinks the whole trip but the deign session included 5 heinekens!
Nuggets getting lucky!
Listening to Bon Iver, reliving the show from last week with the rain, thunder, and lightning outside. Perfection.
lol i knew it -__- but alright i shall. Ur in houston right?
good news ... None of the players have to go to school tomorrow because they all have pneumonia.
This followback bizz is like a black hole: Fun to read about but you get too close & you get sucked in. Time to shut it down.
I hope your having fun! Come back soon, cuz Texas misses you ;) Well I love you Austin. That's all :)
what's the plan for the wkend you hitting T Relays?
just heard a Classic quote from Louisiana Pawn Stars, "You're nuttier than a squirrel turd".
Back in Dallas! Oh, I've missed it.
#aln2011 Cable Green quoting David Wiley: "If you are not sharing you are not teaching."
#Jackie is mentally unstable...
the Emily Post of grad student socialization. But with better shoes.
issues a challenge. Find out your ROI/value in your org and report back in a year at the next
same little boy: "my sister says can she have a sucker" me: "if she comes over here."
oh boy
Andy Haggard (BOT President) is for it, so I'd say it's going to happen. RT FSU possibly 2 the big 12???
A 10/13/11 skincare workshop at Natural Balance Brooklyn, will address just that! Samples, free demos & much more...Thanks!
For not telling me they weren't coming & leaving me alone I'm not gonna sign them in!
Trying to get back to to a normal work day but just keep thinking bout how I could be on Springer right now!
Oh come on! I was gonna run up & down the aisles with my arms flailing wildly with the sirens going off. Ruin my fun.
What else would you like to see on our salami and provolone waffle? Not sayin it's not just fine on its own!
#Reminder: "God is good not only when He makes sense to us, but even when He doesn't. Goodness is inherent in who He is."
thanks for the follow!!! :)
I love how you are night owl! So love you girly!!! You sounded amazing at the Pussycat performance
I get in Thurs night, but I'm just there to be a tour guide
But will anyone ever really use it? I know I've tried, but lost interest because no one is there!
no complaints
Hey it's BK, But which Classic Rocker IS worth the price? Some lame Hollywood"celebs" now have a hotline to talk to them for apprx $15/min.
i will help u out
Thank you for the RT!
i hope Nove brings his best nd get us a 1-0 lead ntht can be better than tht.
why the hell is it so hot
« Who tryna hoop down broad head»
A twit on twitter twice tweeted a tweet to a twitterer
lol you better not you will miss the concert
Want to learn about & how we're creating #PGH jobs? Join me on a live Google+ hangout on Friday w/
so how's it going...
The coolest rappers are a Tribe Called Quest even though the 90's is the decade that they killed it.
:O We got a situation! Lol Is he cute? Lmbo.
I really wish would show a character count on their Mac app. Unless it's there and I'm just not doing it right.
yea why?
RT : Flavors of the Day for Saturday, December 19: Red Raspberry & Pralines 'N Caramel 'N Cream ~~ YUM!
I'm so beyond livid. It was just so methodical in planning, and where the slash hit. And then the ramming into the boards. UGH
Is Internet access a fundamental right? Google David Drummond said it was “a fundamental right, and it’s very sad if it’s denied..." NYT
yay i love how they keep coming back! nice work, lady!
dont call that
World Book Night? I've somehow managed to not hear of this until today. Sounds nice, though. Anybody out there doing it?
we goin out tonight and sat.night we gon party even harder
Someone else live-tweet tonight at #nycswmg I'm pitching with tonight!
Thiz country haz already began the genocide of the BlackRace threat of being locked up for child support haz been effective
Sitting down is so nice sometimes... :)
Good morning follow me :)
Love the podcast! Hoping to make it out to LA for a meltdown show in the near future!
RT Jaimie Cloud is setting the stage talking about the systems thinking needed to shift toward sustainability. Good stuff.
Great presentation going on for students from Joe Suarez from Students getting a ton out of his insight.
Frat boys screwed up on their scheduling date so we now have one bus available tomorrow night at deeply discounted rate. 447-2446
RT FOR YOUR GIBRALTARIAN FANS AUSTIN!
Amen! Gorgeous girls BTW. I understand you completely.
The week before vacation time is always the longest. And the Friday before vacation is the longest day of all.
Spring Special- 6 free pairs of Jacques Estier socks (a $90 value) with a purchase of any pair of shoes. Call for details at 410-653-2266.
lol hate that.
White is the number 1 car color—probably because it doesn't show dirt as easily. But don't be fooled! White cars still need regular washes.
RT Good days outweigh the Bad// *singing* and I I WONT COMPLAIN!!!
Blood flowin. Awkward friday mornings. Todays going to be a good day
Second! RT : first to follow ? meet the new waow-tv sports director
Let's Go #Rangers Take advantage of this power play
“: Danger is my favorite for sure” yea hes a badass lol
existence I have tried everything as well lol
#dog Bella and Bailey our ANGELS because they helped my mother when she was in need the most after losing her husband of 30 yrs.
All you can eat Tapas= BAD IDEA.
Everywhere you look!
There's a fine line between the Method actor and the schizophrenic.
lol hey tee
Add me to the list of the fatigued....
Which location do you frequent? The employees didn't know about our special? Please let us know. Thanks!
Got any specials tmo after work ? Inviting a group of friends and I want to entice them...
My Lab does the same thing! She usually tries to get on TOP of the book too...
where was the first date?
I should get up and cut the grass before my tenants party, but I'm sick and don't feel like it.
Happy Birthday Marty!! : And Brodeur wins on his 40th birthday.”
Zomg, is it really you? Or an ironically accurate spam bot?
I'm unexpectedly and totally loving Heather Morris's dress! And her hair is perfect for it too!
Back on the running train after reading /'s very convincing article and setting up my new MOTOACTV.
thatss good to know , i was just beingg frank about it.
I wish I could turn my DM box off
Text Me (:
I check the website every day for the I Love KC shirt :(
do you want all of the band numbers?
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision. -James McNeill Whistler
RT : Happy New Release Day!!! Make sure to come & pick a copy or two. Help a local band make some national waves!!!
her maternity/nursing gown is great, as is the wrap top!
you're just preparing yourself for the Viking's upcoming season.
nice to meet your ugly ass sweater this weekend.
What up Atlanta?!
Jerod Weaver! Angels! Love it!
#truetuesdays prompt no. 3: making critical decisions posted: marylandvoices.com/?p=36
Your website looks awesome, Caesar. Bravo! Have a grest show on Monday!
Last night had first exposure to Pinky and the Brain. I am reborn.
Don't call or text me, or I'm snapping....
is photoshopped into that there foto?
The Boss's ode to 9/11 firefighters:
I haven't tweeted in a long time
I wish everybody thought like you
only if they have Netflix sized fail. They're really hot right now
you'd leave me anyway to go to uncsa :/ wahhh
the next time you do ur church announcements let "jesus is the answer for the world today" be ur come in song!!
HEY! Our show with Arsonists Get All The Girls is coming up this Friday at Studio 21! We have tickets. GET SUM SUN.
": Enjoying reading all the #seramta12 updates. Keep 'em coming! And have a great time :) #musictherapy"
Why would I send MYSELF the stuff ifit was me
yay to coming home to an empty house with a trunk full of groceries in the
Wells Fargo sent me an unsolicited piece of mail for an undergraduate private loan. They are just a little bit late on this.
yea only the previews
You're welcome!
tonight at expo5 puts boots to asses on the smooth one... #Mr200% no regret no surrender
Join me and share What I Love About America with all that you love help feed a wounded Vet and family rickeyleewatson.warriorsupport.us
Where the fight was haha
Sunday plans? Good chance of rain - even so, great free event . . the annual La Mesa Antique Street Fair.. food, music, deals.
Yeah, I am good for the most part. Miss AZ occasionally.
i love u wit all my heart
Morning wake up in Jerusalem a 7 AM, breakfast, a neighborhood tour, and then the Kotel. All followed by Shabbat w/
Oh, and by the way... now let the Christmas celebrations begin!
#50thingsihate when I follow people and they don't follow back! Lol.
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Chicago Pizza And Oven Grinder - Italian (live updates)
Her name is Miranda Leek.
I'm was born in Turkey but moved to the USA when I was six :)
so intrigued by your vegan menu! any other hints about what to expect?
I ate all the Frusen Glädjé ... and I'd do it again.
Lions=lucky not to get beat worse last night. Stafford constantly threw into double/triple coverage & finally got burned
Thanks for sharing, Kaleb!
spam him with cheeky things? Yea!
Upset city!
fax machine?
...and come with me instead! :)
My dream is you to notice 've tried so hard but you haven't.Every morning I wake up thinking 'this can be the day'.Is It?
I say this almost every day, but ye gods I love my job. srsly.
thank you do much! Love you!
doing B-School with you, looking forward to it! xo
Oh! It means cat.
id like to say that I do smell better than the 400-level men's rooms at MSG.
nice work now if could get some sponsors going!
I just don't know if I'm emotionally (or carpal tunnelly) ready for that kind of commitment...
Doing great! Living the dream as a freelancer in San Diego. Good rec on now, stoked for both your tweets!
follow please?
FITTED CAP ON ;-)
BVEN Boutique has much more resale! New items added daily to fit your budget! We are looking for fine resale for consignment. Contact...
“: Heros eventually die. #CyHi” Heroes eventually die horoscopes often lie "Y" nothin is for sure nothin lasts forever
dude, I live in Wisconsin and they are awful. Gotta check our dogs daily! Especially check their ears!
the best thing about stuffing cash into random places in my wallet is the surprise of finding it later.
truth is, you're annoying and i hate you.
- I should at least make it there for a lunch and/or reception. We should plan to meet up.
When yea team is a 99 in Madden Ultimate Team
Happy Birthday!!!
I would use a sarcasm emoticon if science ever developed one.
Hey, I just met you & this is crazy but here's my number, so call me, maybe :D
'whos playing music?' 'i am and if you dont like it you can kiss my entire butt' LOL Gotta love mr.conrad ;D
good idea... Did you get the fan?
I'm getting inebriated just reading that.
you still think Kstate is a top 5 team?
Same reports came out of Denver Friday and AZ Sunday
- Thanks for the laughs!
Well, both. Somewhere nice to go, but delicious too.
I'm enjoying my coffee and the prospect of another day above freezing in Chicago while my Texas people get snowed on again.
Tried the 3-D glasses from last night. Truth? I'm sold. Much more comfortable than the bulky specs you get at the theater.
SHUFFLING SHUFFLING AT OUR DANCE OHH YEAH :)
Should I even go to sleep?? I'll be up in 5 hours getting ready to move. Fml hm
There's only 1 reason to hide your $ in offshore accounts - tax evasion. That's the Republican's candidate . Nuff said?
Go check out on their tour of the southwest and deep south
I wanna do kick boxing
I'm ready!! Weather is going to be Sunny and reservations are piling in! Love it!
good to see tonight. Glad to she is doing well. And she is not just any SLAM.
has anyone else noticed the awesome team that has put together in Indy? (+whatever Ben's twitter is)
Harrell returns in the circle for Virginia Tech in relief of B. Liddle. Hokies up 4-1 after 5 complete.
Change is hard because people overestimate the value of what they have and underestimate the value of what they may gain by giving that up.
I was following before =) hope sxsw has been a blast! =)
Honored to have 's support and endorsement! President calls Lori 'fiercely principled'.
Oh yeah, this storm is here. Windgusts, I feel you.
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life. Mark Twain
Gateway Mortgage specializes in the Section 184 Money Saving Native American Home loan Program in New Mexico
Join us tomorrow for a Coffee Seminar. We will be roasting coffee in store and explaining how each roast effects flavor. 11a.m.-noon
Great feature story on NFL player safety! RT The Jan/Feb digital issue of Leader's Edge magazine is available now!
Helen standing by
Mommy when I get home ..we going to get a mani and pedi..and some good retail therapy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
ur name is allison? I thot it was Neda?
thanks for the follow, congrats on your books...15 novels is quite impressive!
No food since Friday. No water since 9 pm last night. Naturally, then, my roommate and his visitors are talking about FOOD! rofl
i cannot motivate myself to go take a shower right now! #intenseworkout :o
Four-Faced Liar is a pretty good movie for an indie flick.
An that is why mls is still a rubbish league. Not like I won't take it
I wish i could say the same :( lol
Take a short vacation Kelly. You'll be okay. Kelly Holiday.
come join me and squidward in NYC tomorrow. We're stopping at top shop
I need new fringe sandals. #Weredoigetthem ?
this sounds about right RT : Dubstep = A rap battle between the autobots and decepticons”
Plenary speaker Steven Johnson will sign his books @ the EBSCO booth after the McGovern Lecture. Bring copies if you have them.
time is going by so slowly...
I just got to the part in CTFxC when you come in....I LOVE the new look! <3
NEVER FORGET......
At Red Rock, there are no long term contracts to sign. We do business differently. To learn more visit www.gowithredrock.com or contact us!
#IndyColts for Hard Knocks in '12, HoF QB working way back, #1 pick as back up, coach/execs/Def. issues w/ national interest! ??
Come show love for Dante in the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."
I have been following recovery & sending prayers, but I missed what happened to you... Glad ur getting better!
Thanks! (You should have seen the look on my face--that was a sweet surprise!)
Geez! 'bout time!
Pretty sure I just saw a homeless guy A/B testing his signs. Picked one out from a stack of four or five.
#wiunion Well #Waukesha County? #Milwaukee bigger and better. It makes few errors; has fast election results. #Barret our city is
BUT IM HUNGRY AS FUUUCK
Shady Team .. follow this fan page for more information..
seriously ... you do?
Still riding the highs from #convcon last week...good stuff!
Still cant believe the war I saw between H & Undertaker @ #Wrestlemania! Watched the encore &still got goosebumps!
Boarding time for my flight is 11:00, and I started packing at 10:25.
We appreciate you sharing your cancer journey, even if it's painful or frustrating.
Bio box: Texas Christian cornerback Greg McCoy - Chicago Tribune
It's not quality it's quantity
Lord, I want to yearn for You.
you're back!
o and you're still coming on that mini vacation with me in virginia ( :
Ah! why dose school have to be on Thursdays ! D;
10 mins left in the First and the Bulls have the majority of the chances, but no score.
what of Socrates?
have u ever met Vince or Bret?
Ugh i hope ACT will clear my mind from dis shit
I work the same. Have fun setting up your courses. Would love to hear what you think as we enter the school year.
the hard times make the good times good luv u
uhh the smacking is just<<<<<
This will be good! ": will be talking about kitchen design on March 25th at 11am on Pier 94. Pls join me.”
was good homie lets work
my dog is humping my teddy bear...
the Yankees... Jack-wagon!!!
I'm a model recruiter. We are seeking females for paid modeling/video work. Do you want details?
Honda Australia Announces New Pricing On The Accord Range
Good morning Charlotte north carolina !!!!
Good morning every one...
#rappersbetterthansouljaboy Wait .. Wait .. Wait for it . . Everyone . .
Roger Ressmeyer, photographer to Jefferson Starship is speaking on a panel for us today!
: Lol thanks! Is there any way you could maybe DM me and I'll reply back with my password for the clear side board thingy? :-D
Good point!
Nice choice!
Had first breakfast #taco ever! M. #atxunscripted is expanding my food knowledge.
I miss your beautiful face <3
you are an insparation I appreciate the way you run your jail.
You might also ask: Do we give our faculty permission to be "foolish" as well? How to incite play at other levels?
17th birthday. this year is going to be awesome
happy birthday Liju! I'm blessed to know you! & you're def my fav sports fan on Twitter lol.Hope u have a really awesome day! =)
#MyTop5LadyGagaSongs Just Dance
I am too old to have #JustinBieber and #OneDirection going through my head most of the day...
Dude. That's some serious George Jetson clicking.
This Week in Sporting tonight on 810 at 7 w Taking your calls & talking to the one + only, le capitaine
I may not always be right but im never wrong. :P
wow that was really nice
I love the hell out of bluebonnets - was a pretty great part of my day too #butcoveringthemwithturkeybloodwouldhavebeencooler :)
#walmart announces #50 car w Bill Elliott behind the wheel to celebrate its 50th anniversary at July 7 Daytona race
In the case of tht we should juss end cause it's all my fault wat a fuckin sad case with the bullshit
"We enjoy this illusion of continuity, and we call it memory" -Tom Rachman, THE IMPERFECTIONISTS
The Grammys...suck, so far.
1001 members on AAUW Facebook group - what a milestone!!!
I WANT SOME CORN BREAD
Checked sink. No Quiñones but oddly enough Keith Morrison from Dateline was totally camped out down there.
Easter is here!Remember,chocolate is toxic to dogs,lilies r toxic to cats,E. grass if ingested can cause problems that require surgery
I hate losing... my mom is beating me in Scrabble
RIP ~ Harry Morgan..
RT : playoffs? P p playoffs?! I'm concerned if we can win a game and you're talkin about playoffs??
still an mvp!!
see u saturday
Thank you, love:)
Bout to start my essay on macbeth
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 83
where are you?:o
Are some good people out there
AFRICA I SWEAR IF YOU DO NOT STOP CALLING ME OMG, I DO NOT HAVE ANY MONEY FOR YOU I'M SORRY JUST LEAVE ME ALONE GHOT DAYUM
good good just chillin!!!! can u DM me plz=]
Our greatest triumphs often come at the heels of our most painful failures. RT
Special thanks to HoneyBaked Ham and for their generous donations to our Youth Choral Festival!
What's around the corner?! A double-whammy 4 your candy, that's what! SouthBay 5pm CardioFlow 6pm BarWorks!!
Sounds nice, I miss NYC foot pedi + massage RT : Best part of being to airport early is foot massage before my long flights
Good night everyone!!! ALMOST HALLOWEEN!!
My 7yo grandson asked, "Do you think there has ever been an apocolypse in an alternate universe?"
RT All-Day Happy Hour every Monday. $3 Draft Beers, $3 Wells, $4 Wine, $4-5 Small Plate Specials. Happy Monday everyone.
I have no comment...
the fun continues today. Learned so much for my clients this week, wow.
Hating mondays wit a passion..anyhow its off to da gym#hoopa session
Feel like I've been a bit out of the loop, but 4 the record, #Lauderdale is beautiful & I'm so happy 2 b here. Hope u can visit/stay soon :)
My cilantro plant is dying fast.
Only 3 days until Théâtre Tout à Trac’s Alice in Wonderland joins us at The Hillman. Get your tickets before they’re all gone!...
I really can't relate to your vovo
I wish those birds would quit shitting on my car
Did they just call Ohio State a poor man's Kentucky? Shut cher mouf
Has there been an effort to document the sanitary conditions in the park? Pictures would be a good way of showing this.
haha why did you have to say "brother" but yea I got you
Rumspringa goes on at approx. 6pm! Hope you can make it back from Indio!
May 2,1922:Churchill encouraged Michael Collins to be conciliatory toward Ulster, firm with Republicans. Collins also getting arms from US.
Happy Gameday! On the way up the 1265.
I'm looking for something, ...or maybe someone.
I want one of those shakes!
yes it does. blech.
Haha :) Thank you. Your blog is Great! Full of Outstanding content! Keep up the Great work! Make it a Healthy, Happy Day! :)
Wishing a Happy New Year to the whole #foursquare community and all my #lbschat tweeps. Catch ya'll on the flip side ^DF
#congrats Flo!! Last day of work before baby is born!!!
are u trying to kill us? Lol ;))
My mom dresses like a 20 year old. That's not cool. Really disturbing to me.
Why did Fergie just ruin one of my fav songs ever?!? <U+E421><U+E421>
Hammer = legend
thank u <U+E056>
Can't wait to see you in Waco this weekend?
Its not even my birthday :)
Poetry prompt due tomorrow. Working with letter “g.” Just realized the prompt is “j.” What to do? Too late, too tired. Where have I been?
Football season is here
checked out the app tonight during lakers game. Very cool/addictive
Fantastic! Please reach out to my colleague Noelle () and she will take care of you. Or msg me ur email.
yet for some reason u keep replying. I get it. U need the last word to feel good about yourself, even if the word is "nonsense".
NIST SP 800-53 rev 4 is a result of 2 years of concerted collaboration. #NIST worked with the CIO Council to craft the new Privacy Controls
I'm having trouble seeing #oloimega tweets I think. I'm guessing there were a lot more than 2 of them in the past hour.
im ganna inbox you message
Not prepared for all this.
dear sorry for being so behind on responding. it's just been that kind of week. will have all u need by Monday, promise :)
Yes it is. RT : The greatest logo ever, of any team, of all time!
One more hour and I'm out of here.
Thank you for the #FF!
Today's Special: Grilled Italian Sausage w/Peppers & Onions on a Stadium Roll. Soup of the Day: Lamb Stew.
How are you? Hope everything is ok.
Now its time to buy Florida Properties. Market is stable on an extreme low level since 2011
Working on establishing best practices for oral history in a digital age.
Girls with long hair >>
The only thing I'm happy about is that Derek didn't die.
If these weekend chores will simply vanish, we might start on the ones that were left behind.
agreed big time, not so classy is what I think...
Big swinging leg kick on Aoki's swing
Man , Island grill canceled for tonight , it's been too slow in the Keys this week. things WILL get better , I'll just enjoy the time off
lmao sick T yo can i meet you when u come to nyc i live in bk
The agony is over. #Flyers Moving on!
damn u gotta fix that C Lowe haha 21 on 8/24 not a good look! Loll
I get irritated when someone says because of RaP Music this or that happened! NO..rap dont make YOU do nothin..its the person
no problem, it was the least I could to help the cause. Cancer has stricken my family too, wish I could do more
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
I get ya ahaha
ONE-LINER: Don't be sexist. Broads hate that.
I'm going to kill my pillow if I don't finish this algebra study guide tonight :/
how you gonna warm up the pep thang
When life hands you lemons, throw one at a moving car, then feel super awful about it and go to church and confess about it enthusiastically
america's looking forward to you :)
It's time to get our Rally, Madison! Rally to Recall Walker on Nov. 19th. Woohoo!
I just spent half at day at #iste11 talking with my peers about education apps. I'll post my thoughts this week on the blog
Will do. Let me know if you have any other questions too!
Ready to watch the #Grammys I hope the true artists win tonight
Thnx lex I'll miss ya! We will def kick ass and take names for beach fest
Hunt: we based our response on stereotype that Serbs and Muslims will always be fighting.
yes, and when snookie gives birth on12/21, jessica will still be pregnant. =)
Go Yankees!! Tough loss tonight
Let's GO Jermaine!!
Listening to Luther Never Too Much right now, time to start boo loving with someone
The soft light is mine.
Is this a remote position, by chance?
Michael Carroll, American University talking about open access policy: wants copyright to do its job.
never left big head
Hello twitter word..not i gotta get me some friends
I thought I was sick of hot weather, until I woke up shivering
One request for my future son or daughter-in-law, please take over the cooking
As bad as the #Celtics have played, they're gonna win this game by 10
Who playing ?
No problem.
Watch out for dem Bills
Never have I ever thought that someone could make my love life a living hell. Everytime I look at a guy I think of you.
Express Lube can benefit your business through our Fleet Service. Visit www.expresslube.com for more information.
Lots of stuff on sale for the summer. Hit us up, we'll get it to you quicker than quick.
I saw the exhibit on Saturday. Fantastic!
lazy fact #7256452565156897; you were too lazy to read that number. ;)
Who Tf Would Come To This Lil Axs Town, For This Lil As Fish Fry .? '& If This Tha Worlds Biggest Fish Fry Then I Wuld Hate To See Anoth ...
lmao I had like 3 nightmares about it
Lol yea they most certainly are
heading to Austin this wknd - any must see shows?
#mudmelt and Berrie uses a lot of tech to analyze the colors. Learns that Venetians painters using materials meant for potters.
Sure thing! Hope to see you in a few weeks!
I'm shooting for a personal best of rumpus-to-nap in :03.
RT : "I have a theory that a lot of people have written white papers but nobody ever read one." #OMS2012 nice - mrkting gone bad
you are welcome
Let the countdown for next weekend begin!
Overheard 2 police officers discussing the #occupywallstreet march saying this is the only overtime I get- thinking they want us to keep on
think one way when it's this way and think another when it's that way. which is it? or have this and that totally changed?
The Hell in a Cell Undertaker is dominating too much Triple H could win!
Its getting coudly dark in houston is about to rain
Truth - ": Treat everyone with respect. The one you might need in the future, could be the "bum" you disrespect today."
Sad day to be a Hoosier... Embarrassed by the message we just sent. Thank you Honorable Richard Lugar for your many years of service.
thx :-) : My #heroes are women who do what they need 2 for themselves & their families w/o fear & my mum
A COD game looks pretty good to you? Color me shocked. :)
Congratulations to Bruce Thompson recently elected to the national NBMBAA Board. We know you will represent Milwaukee well.
LOVE IT!!! Using it 2+ times a day and i am pretty much having a love affair with it.
Metaphor and Myth, & any powerful cultural narrative enriches engagement.
Thank you
#followfriday? Thanks for the Twitter schooling :)
not all grandmas.. Just yours and s
milk and cookies >
I wish I had a group of friends like in
I like the 7p rule :)
What's next for Money Makeover? An employee money makeover!! -Judy Walz, Sr Vp Vystar
Interested in Levinas? I'm talking about the Carnets de Captivite at 3:30 in Potomac G!
Dallas most Wanted album we doin tryna get as many dallas artist on it get at me on da biz tip got beats u kan pick from
I'm nervous about our performance on Thursday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> - Zaona
Come watch your action tonight against the White Sox at 7pm. $3 garlic fries & $2 bud light drafts during the game.
I AM A SPECIAL BOY
man you get any shirt you want. bad news: they only come in t1.micro. good news: very elastic :)
Happy Easter to all my Tweet Peeps!!!
Im becoming a boxer... RT : After Pay Per View cut, Mayweather is making about $47M tonight. That's $1.3M per in-fight minute.
Just learned that 3 of our corps members accepted positions at Milwaukee College Prep for next year! Congrats!
its a song honey
Just signed up for www.Ping.fm ! Time for hyperspeed social networking.
#idol - Jessica seemed more focused and poised to redeem herself. Power and vocal beauty made for a strong, excellent performance.
Yesterday was easily my best day off in 2012 so far!! what a day
You know you're a douche when 90 percent of your fb pictures are you with your sunglasses on
"yeh babe, just let me tweet this first" WTF are you thinking?
Perfect Pho weather ...
I HATE YOU AND YOU KNOW WHO U R!!! AND IF U DONT U SHOULD!!!!
: What ailed Mass. doesn't necessarily ail the other states in the nation.
RT he last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances. ~Victor Frankl
do it do it do it omg
The awk moment when fran has a bf and thinks shes gonna marry amanda's sexy ass brother...
Well that's disappointing.
I will.. if she even comes. Its just me and two other person here haha
My boyfriend is taking mad long -____-
That is the most horrible thing I've ever seen. I'm so embarrassed to be a human.
RT Are you a local San Diego County Resident? Logon to www.hometownpass.com and ride FREE with a paying adult guest!
"To be successful, the first thing to do is fall in love with your work."
am I following you?
Just walked into Bartells and bought a candy bar, a coke, and an extra large rubbing alcohol. Clerk looked at me weird. I said "Dinner."
hahahahah didn't catch that.thanks
RT : #SM is different than other media channels. Its about relationships, recognition, engagement, value, and help.
I super miss
I got the 150 word articles done. Now on to the 300s. I got 10 of those to do. Wow it's never ending.
I love her just as much as she loves me
At least i can see my other one friday at EKU (a college)!
life is too hard, but JUST TO SELENA GOMEZ MAY EXCEED MILLION THINGS!
state testing again tomorrow. Woohoo. Not.
is now on Pandora Radio! Check it out: www.pandora.com
Beautiful night in Pittsburgh for Steelers football. The clear night and 50 degrees will
Nothing like coming home from a long, boring day of school to the smell of eggs.
Ya me entumi e
Few people know that Herbie Hancock got his nickname because he Goes Bananas.
'bout what?
so I can assume you're getting the electrolime foams?? Is there a list or 1st come 1st serve?
well I can imagine it being really emotional.
“: gotta say, i F*cking love my life. hope you feel the same about yours. you deserve it.” thank you mama! I needed this! Kiss
New Wicked Evil: The Pursuit Files with Radley Scott. Get ready for the new series everyone is talking about. Coming April 2012
Looking forward to a boring weekend
I hate being alone.
I'm glad we both have great taste
I love your avatar picture, sugar!
That's cool that ur mom is ur dentist XD I bet u say "I have an appointment next week with my mom" lawl
I did not, but I will! Thanks for the heads up. The guy is incredibly intelligent and has a fresh way of looking at things.
Its really sad to hear that Gary Carter has died. R.I.P
Wait, people in college smoke marijuana?!?!?! That's news to me #goducks #gettinghigh and
Night night
It was more of a jam session but very good...
The biggest fools in America are those who believe racism ended in the Sixties or the Nineties or when Obama was elected.
aw man better hurry up and get home so we can get that cheese before midnight
Hey Whats Up?
Beauty comes from within.
Ron Paul ends speech with "I believe we can restore America". Crowd chants "President Paul"
Still trading at Charlie Martin Stadium. 22 #Rampage 15, 4 mins left.
#Gm tweethearts up early at the hairdresser!
haha your such a creep you know that (: love u! <33 haha i feel bad, were like spaming zayn's feed thingy
I'll watch the start, but only probably like an inning :( got plans
Went zip lining this morning. Mentally preparing for dinner tonight
you know I was close two years in a row. I really would think that show would do well here.
What the hell this character is just not coming to me.
My kid is. Nudist.
Check out Real PR Media on Facebook to hear Little White Church sing to oncology patients at Children's.
#HappyFeetTwo !!! Such a cute/ awesome movie
The TV annoncers are talking about how great Mike Smith is (which he is) but the Coyotes Defense has been stellar tonight.
it was our pleasure! Hope to hear from you soon. Enjoy the cupcakes and HOPPY Easter!
Everyone told LSU it didn't matter if they lost, what If it does
Should schools be required to teach cursive writing? IN schools aren't. Watch testimony now in.gov/legislative
My Mom Said I Can Party As Hard As I Want When Im 21!!:]
RT : "Teach kindness, not greed." ~Occupy Wall Street sign
one of you should come today to Beth Johnson park. We will be marching against the war on woman from 12-5 pm
everybody follow she is new to twitter plz :) she follows back everytime
drama huh? :P
HAPPY Thursday! No sad stories please.
you should follow he's a great singer and look him up on YouTube he has an amazing voice his name is Dylan Hyde !
Come in to Bath & Body Bistro and show us your green and get 15% off your entire purchase!
I like how my sisters known as the one with the butt and I'm known as the one with the boobs.
some tax invasion lol can't run from IRS in united states
I did find time, an espresso and some leftover baguette pan toasted with cheese. Not great but it'll do to be going on with
Seeking a Sr. Environment Artist for my A RTS studio. Hit me up if you're interested -
You mean you think it won't be or that it shouldn't be? If it shouldn't, then what album should win?
Just grubbed a grip.
March 18th 2012. who knew I'd be sitting in this recliner thinking of you.
youve done a remarkable job at UP, Coach Rev -OSU Beaver fan in PDX who loves supporting the local kids
You're here in Twitter and in spirit!
Lemon Grove looking into social media, Facebook and Twitter. Or as councilman Jerry Jones called it: "Tweeter."
#10favouritebands THE WANTED
I was way hotter than him anyway. Ha ha ha
Thank God for the sun today!!! :)
Lmfao RT : We was there at 1055 lol RT : y'all not getting there before 11 now that's Bs Uhuh
What is it about your job that fulfills you?
Girls are heartless.
thanks Joey
We are looking for a few great partners/ bloggers on our latest project..... if you would like to network with us this season please dm!
I have a snuggy..it has skulls on it. That unlames it.
hehe ik i just wanted to say it :)
You're the man Adrian!! <3
#Country artist #DierksBentley performs at the Sixth & I Synagogue on 5/20!
Exclusive opportunity to purchase iconic NYC establishment with air rights/approved plans to build a luxury condo. DM for info
idknoo him. But he just started talkin to me.
Ntertania Nights- Saturday Edition... Downtown Cincinnati! Find me, stop me, ask me to take your pic, get a $10 gift card!
so overwhelming when i realize just how truly blessed i am! i LOVE my life & EVERY SINGLE PERSON IN IT! funny how wonderful things work out!
I know glad you liked it
harm probably not. Do I want to see them in my feed and have to block users constantly? Nope.
Good luck Eleanor(:
Live, learn, and LIVE some more... Life is way too short!
Prime Time? That's not for Elite squads!
ROSELLA and RESONANT SOUL are coming to THE BREAKFAST CLUB FEB 26th! More new songs and new ENERGY to follow!~
Leff: Sustainability is about deconstructing economic rationality (in material as well as theoretical terms)
aww your so sweet
I love you too Lissy! xo
(DC national committee woman) speaking now. Referencing her background with Reagan,the business community,values and Latinos.
I look forward to watching your organization develop!
I wouldn't be surprised, there were tons of dick drawings at the end. I think there was a Mr. T that was pretty funny.
New Steelers 3rd jerseys come out today at 430
ok. And why did u need me to get on Wattpad on a computer? We could just message each other.
A girl should never forget that she doesn't need anyone who doesn't need her.
Madrid and Sevilla for Easter break!.
Time to get your hair done? We’re providing transportation for our clients to St. Therese’s today for haircuts!
FREE dining & massages at the $5-10 PLO $500 uncapped game on the Plaza Level.
Thank you..btw..sent the video at the Sexy Organic show to NYC...you had a good walk..will update you on selections!! Happy NY
Haha RT If everyone is thinking alike, someone isn't thinking. George Patton
Going to be legendary
I need some entertainment
i know the press is really harsh sometimes! but we're all doing well, thanks for asking!!
Did you know today was National Take Our Daughters & Sons to Work Day?
At The vanguard waiting for doc martin
Practice was decent asL
At home at the end of the day boots are the way. The feet say "finally!" & the dog's psyched cuz' it means he gets a walk.
not officially together, but eventually will be.
You know you're a nerd when your best friend leaves you a hurried, excited voicemail about the release of Wolfenstein 3D to the Internet.
u guys are so funny !
Too busy thinking.
Happy Hump Day Everyone!
The Pour: Buying Local Wines: Does the Idea Travel Well?
Bumpin to Trina Single Again, y the right song always seems to come on at the right time :-)
This waitress at TGI Fridays is a real See You Next Tuesday.
true true
wait.... Raffle??? VIP passes passed? Didn't see it happen?
Only when you are willing to be fully responsible for your life can you be truly confident in your efforts. RT
thanks for giving me the sweet drunk pics to wake up to
MUST<U+2605><U+2605>Follow and thank you
About to head into a serious meeting with Christy Turlington and some supermodels. Man, am I wasted!
hey whats up how are you
sad to see one of our neighbors go. We will miss their food and the people. Good luck to everyone at Mangiamo Pronto!
Helps to be on the right side lol.
Sounds like fun!!!
Day 4 of #mff2011 who's excited? Find me tonight at The Oriental at "Gainsbourg: A Heroic Life" and "Buddha Mountain". See ya there!
Love is a necessity to life
~thanks for the apology. i got my problem fixed, but could have done w/o the rudeness & blaming me for the issues i was having.
aight g... just hit the email
sounds like a plan!
Last class = taught.
Giant apples. Outside University College.
Follow back please. Im new
"how many people watched the Super Bowl this year?". I don't own a tv but I'm at adage's social tv conference. hm.
It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it. ~ W. Somerset Maugham
Hey Trina, have a safe trip
Oh - 3D scanning for rock art and in-field delicate objects/features. That sounds great! Virtual Arch
anyone know if the #instawalkraleigh is still going on? if so, for how long?
Happiest of New Years to you Joey, Linda, Lucy and all your loved ones. Be healthy and prosper. LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU! <U+2665>
the half, yes! You?
i have no idea what im doing!
I've submitted as potential presenter. Is there time table for notification on that? I will book a table if not selected.
Ice and Coco
good luck!
I hate that it's the norm now for so-called media sites to just republish press releases. Where did all the journalists go?
thats the lion king
..the playoffs, things like this year can happen.
I'm in my training for Executive Team Leader of Assets Protection for Target. I have about 5 more weeks til I get certified.
Ah......feeling like a whole new human after this weekend! It was great seeing many of you! AND meeting some new folks. :)
#OldSchoolLunch my favorite part of the day thanks to and
Can you follow me please? good night, i love you so much, I'm proud of be SIMPSONIZER<U+2665> sweet dreams, i'm proud of love you(:
The things on my prayer list are about my future not my today. I pray to be a good wife & I'm single
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> well come n get me I'm tired and get Kay carseat out my car n his book bag 2 n him a sausage mcmuffin he don't ride 4 free <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
#FaveAvenger From the movie, Captain America. But from the comics, the Vision or Quicksilver.
I just really need a cheeseburger.
“ every girl is a freak, just takes the right guy to bring it out.”
happy bday fam...hope u have a good one!
he makes young children sex slaves and soldiers and make them kill their parents over 30,000 kids.
Looking forward to chatting fashion w/ & the always entertaining TONIGHT at 8:15pm PT- tune in!
#np Til the cops come knocking - Maxwell (throwback!) ;)
Hold the fuck up!
Mc Chicken Combo with large fries, cheeseburger on the side and a Dr. Pepper Please :)
the time haves come
Escape From the Cubicle Nation by Inspiring!!
Good morning tweetplugs!!
Does Montana have an instagram?
its all good! Make sure you stop in tom and I hope you dont mind n following you too. I added you on
I'm officially sixteen. What now?
NUMBER ONE RULE : DONT EAT MY FOOD !
There has never been a better time to be a writer or filmmaker. HD, eBooks, CreateSpace, iPad apps, Photoshop...
Congratulations! May I bask in the glow of your hipster-ness? Hipsterness by association?
Long. Then again, what Monday isn't that way?
MB V.I.P is like $115 so if u didnt pay that...... U AINT GOT VIP TIXS!
it's pretty upsetting. This is not good
statue or winners medal, I'll take a statue
Natl archives case study. Wanted real time interaction w real people in exhibit
Nov27th Nation Wide live streaming event look for great artist in LA
lmao that place still open i miss them fuckin fries
Can anyone help me find out about #triathlons and running races in the #Philippines? Thanks!! :)
Hey! I would love to feature on LadyBallers, you think she would be interested? :) have fun!
lol...Can't Stop, Won't Stop (Puffy's voice) . Is that in response to you checking out the mix?
Please follow: if you are a fan of Cody Simpson! :) She follows back!
S/o 2 4 stopping by
Ask lindsay if she knows how set a g shock.
Time to roast up some new beans from Brazil!
Fuck my new bowl broke
Getting ready to present the webinar: The Marriage of Mobile and Social Media for
Not sure how I feel about this... #crazy live Tweeting brain surgery NOW.
Congratulations! That indeed is quite an accomplishment.
Hi new followers! Make sure to introduce yourselves! We won't bite...(hard).
Swoon. He is so adorable!
I want you, I can't lie
i make the best! But I can't.. because Im still in school :(
Our in home dryer vent cleaning and mattress cleaning applications can help create a more hygienic living environment for your family.
we might need those for katie and Lithuania tonight
Even though all my tweets are, technically, personal, this one feels even more so. My dad and Gene Kelly were both Steelers fans.
Jukagee in Bloomfield, NJ. It's an amazing Thai restaurant. Great ambience, great food, affordable prices and fantastic owners.
One more month and whoever reads Ak Rhythm Magazine will know that one choice, one secret, that has changed me for who I am today.
lmao! You are terrible. Wow.
NBC is succeeding at one thing: making great sitcoms with awesome casts full of rising stars. So they cancel all of them. Genius!
I plan to shop small on 11.26.11. Support your local economy and make 1 purchase at a local small business. That's all it takes.
The ENTIRE history of radio in one simple [INFOGRAPHIC] Happy 120 years old! You're looking pretty good for your age!...
I didn't think that I was so un-creative that I would have to look up my own tweet of the days. Oh well
and - thanks for coming by to hang out.
Facebook Messenger is the final straw. I don't want to be that connected.
watchin tangled with little joe
we'll be sure to check it out! Thanks bro!
Angela Ahrendts, CEO of will be at tonight! I'll be live tweeting from the event, 6 PM, Bossone.
jyeah!!! Bout to roll one, I see u grindin over there!
You can DO it.
Ppl who own tech. Are really comfortable w it. Ppl who don't use it are afraid of it.
GOTTA GOTTA NEW ONE RT: Left My Old Girl At Home Got A New One
btw...i do serve ice water w/the Cajuns for the rookies
Me too!
mm fine. Feeling better because is Halloween and thanks to the missing turquoise
I didn't know she reply back !
What are you doing? Friday night and you're home. Me too.
If you would like me to #followback and I am not #following you yet then please let me know so that I can #follow you now! :>
Thanks for following! :)
I'm a very lucky girl.
There is no such thing as an original fanbae nowadays. Everything fandoms have done now have been done in the past.
You're welcome and glad to help.
i wear the same thing when i do my homework! we are so alike!
Not to get personal, but how close are you? If he's a really good friend, I'd say it's innocent. If not, I'd say he wants ...
If no one has told you today just how special you are let me be the first one to say you are worthy and loved.
FYI, I don't usually care if folks thank me. RT : Important to thank people for sharing posts/tweets...
It's about time for another in Linklater's "Before" series. Want to know what's up with Delpy and Hawke.
what are you shooting right now?
Oh I don't. And you really shouldn't say things like that out loud... ya know, because of the whole penis thing...
RT : Your Words To Me...Reveal Your Perception of Me.
I hope you read thiss :-D I love you!!
You're in Boston!?! So jealous. Kick a Bad Sox fan for me, ok, love birds?
they just so shimmey
idk your call
appreciate the follow!
I'm all Crazylegged out for life.
Petting #dogs is proven to be a positive action and lowers blood pressure in #dog owners
This. RT When scientists are freaked out, you know things are bad
I remember RIC & Marc Smith WHEN Marc would get DRUNK he would brag how he stopped Woodie & Hoy from writing checks to an elected.
Sorry, it will not. And we do not have permission to do a later podcast either. :(
What to do now....
Listening to my mom talk about how hard burpies are... #OhIKnow #NoMoreForMe in a week!!
please tell me youre headed to Cleveland
KHQ Right Now - News and Weather for Spokane and North Idaho | Baseball from ... - KHQ Right Now
I love a 15 yr old guy from Texas who goes on ustream every friday & cheers everyone up! His name is
I keep seeing people reference that talk. I need to watch it.
what do you have to say about the white binder now? Barry Zito sitting atop the heap for 2012 Cy Young
Betty Draper. :)
ha.. I have no idea what that means.. but it sounds like your in for an interesting night ;)
Half time w , rockin the house
Y100 playing Daft Punk & Alesso mash up #nice!
light one up
Hungry for a snack? So are too many Milwaukeeans. Donate to on March 8 and your donation will be DOUBLED.
You have no idea. Thanks so much for the encouraging words.
Poised Creation has gone through the ups and downs! Thanks for being there!
I support this trend! Please RT! Since it's trending-amongst us-let's make it official with a hashtag
are ppl getting sicker or is the media just telling us about it more and more each year?
thanks for the mention! The event was awesome!
Zoo, Sea World, and Legoland are all open Christmas Day. The weekend weather will be perfect for an outdoor Holiday get-away.
that list is spot on, though I'd swap El Toro for El Castillito (Church) and change Gordo to Inner Sunset loc. Haven't been to Alteña.
we shall go when the opening hype dies down... me, you and !
Meh. I was hoping I'd be able to enjoy a little baseball during lunch today.
never a good thing, release the hate, dont let them control you.
New blog post: women should invest more, on their own, online.
Our #History is a representation of who we are. The lessons we learn from it are the only things that can help us to move forward.
yea imma run a few games wit my guy real quick tho
Rt The real ppl in your life are the ones who motivate you to do better! !!!!
Thanks to all of you who made our work possible in 2011. 70,656 meals served & more than 3,200 guests provided with case management!
When they will have an option in ANY ecommerce so shipping method will be applied per/product not per whole system.. Oh...
Have no fear! No zines were harmed in the #earthquake. However, their proprietor was rather shaken up.
RT Just about every great,brave or beautiful thing in our culture was created by someone who didnt do it for money
I got a new dance for us u gotta pay attention like so so bad
Do 1on1 webcam sexsions with the fans. Will meet you on yahoo and we can cyber sex via webcam 2gether email .
skype sucks!! anyone want to tango?
i did get it and used it. So proud to have you say such wonderful things. How are things with you?
Great win for the Ravens! Good way to go into the bye week.
No its random tho ^.^
Thanks for the #FF! Unfortunately, we're traveling to Minnesota today. ;)
wishing you were here at #Tribecon !
Thanks for all the kind words in regards to VISUAL ACOUSTICS. Much appreciated.
Rules do not equal fairness. You sound like a five year old child. "that's not fair"
Me egg sandwich is cold and I plan on taking it out on someone else later today
lmao you claim you know wat it is. I realty do tho. But you don't
5:30am flight so I can attend MLS broadcast meetings. Who's idea was this again?
idk what else to wear! i might wear my bathing suit top over my shirt too
Not having a great couple of days. Need to figure things out :(
I think they underestimate the grind
i just wanted to let you know that you are my hero and to be who i am everyday. Now i am a part of dance club and GLEE club.
Honey is not sweet like sugar
Help us, O God our Savior, for the glory of your name; deliver us and forgive our sins for your name's sake. Psalm 79:9
Only the hardcore shop the farmers market on a day like today. Yeah, I was there and it was hell.
haha yeah just try and enjoy it. I'll be up tomorrow! Hit me up
Term that's new to me, "net mortality society": those societies (Japan is one) in which annual number of deaths now outnumber births.
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch. ~Jim Rohn
I love these people flapping on about what a POS Google+ is. It hasn't been live for a 3-digit number of HOURS yet.
But that 5-year old Optiplex: we gotta keep an EYE on that one!
..Plenty of surprises and give aways at the show tmrw night, plus you'll have the 1st chance to pick up my new 3 song cd sampler! CANT MISS
new laptop!
bro u got a baby
hey.. I can call to work and ask, but what time was your shift tonight? 5 or 6?
It's Monday. Enter BROWNS25 at checkout to take some of that Monday pain away and save 25% at W.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
thanks Shan, you rock love & miss you too! :)
U telling me to toot it n boot it but u need to toot it n boot it right out of my life....kick rocks!
preach ! RT “: If you Negroes stay home In November because O supports marriage equality you will deserve Mitt Romney.”
Never giving up and pushing forward will unlock all the potential we are capable of.
ng to the #MKEShindig at #sxsw? Like free brats?? is sponsoring some Wisconsin goodness :)
Floating on iCloud nine.
im tryna b the next to blow
Who is excited for the possibility of a healthy Sid for all of next season? I know I am!!!
You gonna think I invented sex [;
Top 5 Hiking Trails in Colorado Springs - Yahoo! Sports
ID Greatness: Learners can see that it is all about them, their tasks, their priorities, and their futures. #astd2012 via
“: Dinner with mom and dad! It's been five months.” Enjoy those frog legs!
Thanks for the follow. Doing the same. Will be in touch.
I abs love Unique! They need to make Alex a season regular!
I need to see this chick RT : Bro Jeanie in Medford is smokin Hot ...
Lol laid upside down on off my bed a little bit to long and my nose started bleeding..thats a first
Happy Easter and Passover to my friends!!
Waiting for the session scheduling here at #MindCamp ... nice to be in a room full of geeks again.
I think she's a lesbian
Excited to be presenting about PREP at SDSU's 1st Annual Conference for the Center for Family, Community, School Engagement!
how long ago did you teach abroad before you went into IT and where ?
Im tryna dj at a damm utsa a event im tryna get my name out there. Err body knows me as a dj but neva heard me spin. Yall call me if yal ...
Making some good progress on the rework/rewrite of "Fortress", thanks Harmony Central Songwriting! New EP in the works...
I wish I wore socks today. My feet are cold.
HAHA Sorry Jayne...basically Happ DFA, everyone needs to be moved up and Weiland still good.
Someone needs to get me the fuck outta my house!
Its nicer today. I'm hoping it stays this way, but who knows.
You never cease to amaze me w/ your incredibly insightful recaps & commentary. Thanks for 5 yrs of illuminating Lost coverage!
Roots taps, 3$. Packer game. Brewers bangers and kraut...
why trade away young position talent there are too many holes to fill
RT But and the battery-powered WiFi save the day. Yes!
Best conversation starter: "omg, is that from ?" while both are wearing Nasty Gal.
Bring in the semi truck trailers!
lmao, ya'll got your lyrics done?
Ready for tomorrow
Nonfiction winner: The Swerve: How the World Became Modern by Stephen Greenblatt
How Is there even a DEBATE as to whether is a 1st Ballot Hall Of Famer?! Kj is PURE CLASS PERSONIFIED! & a True LEGEND!!
When sites like Pinterest have "waiting lists" are they trying to establish fake exclusivity, or do they really have to limit their members?
But yeah. I can totally imagine wanting to do that!!
My son with Asperger had his 1st day in High School. I e-mailed all his teachers with a short introduction about him. Kept it postive.
Well I went at midnight with my parents on friday, saturday with parents and a youth sponser, now my other friends wanna go
Try the root beer float. It's amazing!
Thx for the recommendation. , what say you?
Chicago-founded marketing company raises $30 million in IPO
Give us a heads-up when you're done, and we'll share the results with alums. Good luck! ^jom
New owner: "too many media institutions chase superficial metrics of online virality at expense of investing in rigorous reporting."
No problem! Let me know if you have any questions.
Is shooting the staggering 8000sq penthouse of another famous photog. Starting to feel like I picked the right carreer!
can i txt u too
bahaha love it!
An edcafe is a student centered/ student led version of edcamp for the classroom.
Glad to hear you're a fan. What's the best sub they have?
what???? why.....? what the thing that make you feel that???
Value just went way down for both players. That's an expensive night out on the town.
I wanna know if people actually read my tweets. RT this if you do sometimes, all the time, maybe, stalking..., etc.!
We will live by the ocean sometime before I die. For SURE! :) It's like a zen place for me...total peace & contentment.
He's dead.
It probably had better battery life than my iPhone.
so uh... this is the twitter machine huh? Cool...
<U+2764> “: Happy Birthday to my Mother's Day Present...Karly Q! 11 Today! Whoa. Time to Celebrate, Little One. :) We Love You!”
Bad news for the #Brewers. They got the leadoff man on again.
bread bro
listening to music from the best of the number 1, SELENA GOMEZ,
RT : UGHH WISH I CAN GET ME SOME GREAT PENIS IN THE RAIN
what kind of deodorant did mr. Baseball use in 1997?
Dont know how to study for finals without the barnes
glad your brother is ok
I have this good feeling about scoring tonight ...
Who? Obama? Are you kidding me? Have you even read the Manifesto?
Pin up shoot with today!
Thank you ECE supporters! We have sent over 150 letters!! Please continue to send them!
:O what whyy
Nice chatting with you today - you have a great little family; If you ever need anything, please feel free to reach out to me.
Just finished the rhodes keyboard parts for another track. Only 1 more to go! Im so stoked for this album. Next level stuff!
apparently I'm easily excitable.
I'm so sorry for your loss <3
RT : The new Zelko Bistro (in the Heights) soft opening is scheduled for Wednesday the 14th!
Alan Kay: Science and art are both about the aha moment: realization of thoughts one has never had. CS Lewis: Surprised by Joy?
#LasVegas I've missed you. Are you ready?
Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished
I've cried more over these two one tree hill episodes than I have in the past year....easily.
Women who are diabetic before their pregnancy and those who develop gestational diabetes should watch their vision closely for changes.
take a look at my other tweets earlier today
Maybe going to see "What to Expect When Your Expecting Tonight." I'll be sure to give an update as to what to expect before viewing.
Natural Health Trends Announces Financial Results: DALLAS, May 10, 2012 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Natural Health Trends Corp. ( OTCQB:NHTC)...
I love study leave, have fun at school tomorrow guys xo
that's not true
love this to itty bits!
Thanks for keeping me entertained I was dead bored out my mind yesterday. Gud friends r hard to find
omgg i know right?! Boo coffee pee! :P
“When a team outgrows individual performance and learns team confidence, excellence becomes a reality.” Joe Paterno
IL Lt. Gov Sheila Simon: we all need to understand the importance of the arts in education.
OMG fox sucks.
gives a preview of "See Also" new #lodlam project. Awesome.
what's with older women & their love for anklets? Way to ruin a great pair of shoes
WOW thats whats up! U gone do it??
#librarytestkitchen Enhance Need It Now core with unexpected resources and see what happens...would RFID tell us lib, faculty) about use?
hey just met a friend of yours....small world
At the roller rink for 's party. If everyone does get their own personal hell, satan's just gonna rent this place out for me.
Awwh how come you've only slept 7 hours? I bet you are exhausted xo
gotta love Damien Lewis.
I'll be thinking of u as u run that river tmrw! thx for all the motivation! save me a beer after, lol! enjoy the ride!
new to chicago- we just opened wednesday, but our doors are open in #lakeview and we're serving up delicious and healthy meals
3 REASONS GIANTS/REDSKINS OVER 37.5 - 1) Both teams "D" create turnovers/short field, 2) Zorn unleashes Campbell & 3) Eli Gets His Groove on
the funniest show is
I think I agree.
Maybe there is a "draw" app and I can sign with my finger :-)
2nd break-1st time today above starting stack. Have 14000.
In Highlands Whats Good Where U
I saw Joe Jonas yesterday. He's very cute! :-)
Then he ran into my knife He ran into my knife ten times.
This bus smells like rancid BO. Ugh.
Kauai! It's harder to get away from the cruise ship-crowd on Maui.
"Like" this post if you love coming in to see us! Know what? We like you too!
This Saturday night I'll be in a swimsuit competition in North Miami!!! Come out and support!!
Rejection is fine. In fact I would LOVE to be rejected right about now... It's the getting in the door, that's the hard part.
Why are bus drivers such wankers.
Attn Podcasters: Woodfish's song Starlight Remedy is now podsafe on the pod safe network at music alley.
Dear Leslie Frasier, something tells me the Vikes aren't gonna stop the Pack from being one step closer to 16-0 tonight. Just a wild guess.
At the Cutting Lounge in Mukilteo sharing about #Isagenix. Having fun talking about #nutrition!
S/o to my sexy
LeBron is on his shit this quarter!!!
dear how about your great drivers actually try to deliver a package, instead of lazily clocking out early
Applied for more jobs today... (sighs)
whatcha get at MOO?
Any publishers (POD, self publishers) have experience with lightningsource.com? I'd love to hear your review (pos or neg).
bitch, it's easter i can eat as much candy as i want.
cant wait for the cws
Tonight is birthday La Loteria celebration. Come watch the madness.
P2 needs surgery; If you care about him don't vote for him
Hilarious! and so true!
I totally was! Saw the free wine and all. So tempting.
Tourists on midday trains.
lost yo # stranger! As Well as everybody else's. Ha
it's 2:18am and warm
Oops. Too much traffic, and our site crashed. Working on it now!
When I'm sleepy as hell i have this really annoying laugh
u make me wanna drive drunk and go to jail again #shitpeopleneversay but that's how I feel
I'm just on twitter too much
Goin on a music overdose till monday!!! Wanna say have a good weekend 2 my space friends and my haters!!!!!!! DUCES
Love is the answer. But while you're waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions.
Can't wait to tweet at you ALL. THE. TIME.
Thank you Project Haiti students for the "cake balls with awesome sprinkles" - bake sales rock
Fear, you can be here with me, but you're not allowed to drive.
dude its not paternos fault for that chomos actions. You proved my point exactly, youre a real dumbass. Shouldve known by nwo
any more announcements??? I am dying here!
guys... Saturday morning workout group
My son is editing video from his camcorder for the first time. About time he did something with his computer other than play games :-)
standin in the rain so long has left me with a lil rust, but put some faith in me & someday you'll see theres a diamond under all this rust.
Not really any point to having bike lanes in #roc if they're always filled with broken glass. Street-sweep, please?
u must pick a good place 2 do the deed. somewhere no one will c u. where no one will hear yer ferocious shredding.
Now we got it just right, something that we both like.
saw a new blackberry that leaked out, on youtube...... it looks very cool....
I came in contact with a old man who had every reason to complain. Instead he told a joke.
Apple is annoying me... #TeamAndroid!
Enter to win reserved seats 4 u and 9 friends on 5/2 at 7PM in Denver! Txt SUPERHERO & ur zip to 43549. Entry deadline, 4/30!
we are going to do some damage this year, coach.
I suck at tumblr-ing.
If you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.
I don't even know what it is ... And His brother is !? Didn't know that . I have to go with my sister -_-
with a backup QB...
Fell in love with the moon last night...some how she caught my eye...had to throw the dancin shoes on and work my moves in ...
we're from San Diego, so.. CLASSY ;)
Blue-screen-of-death 2 min before important customer demo... need to do something about my laptop.
My pants are big today xo the fit me perfect like 2 weeks ago!
This could be so helpful!
Woot! Thanks very much. :) RT : Well done , well done. I'll be back.
When people RT Paulie it makes me happy, because I love him and he was one of my first followers (:
Our history sub is such a nerd..
What are you referring to?
YES! haha It's great to be in an outfit that makes ya feel that awesome!
@ California pizza kitchen....Atlantic station, I gotta craving for some pasta
Wtf?! I came in my sleep. my underwear are all wet. Has anyone else did that before?
first off your name on here is soo ridiculous. but 2 MORE DAYS! 2 more days! 2 more days!
I really want to!(;
no, KC recovered
<<< Yep, just business as usual. How about you?
#nowplaying Shelter Me <U+266A> Cinderella
I heard been giving you work in #2K "I'm just saying" talmbout Practice! Yea you need some
pretty sneaky...lol
Just swatted half a dozen flying black bug thingies. I think we need to spray bomb all SE Wisconsin
My #fridayreads are Camus's THE STRANGER and a whole lot of govt. contracts. They shall battle each other mightily!
Soo my neighbors are fighting & throwing things.. Apparently they don't realize it's the middle of the night..
are places open for breakfast this morning? Lol
Yeah I'll have one for you. You bought plane ticket yet?
Bored what should i do
Nothing will work unless you do. ~ John Wooden
#BBN sad sad night.. I'm gonna miss anyone who leaves... :( especially Lamb if he declares..
Question for #SMB what's the most effective content you use to engage with your customers? Blog, case studies, FB,Twitter others?
our personal tree offers shade, its scent, the whisper of the breeze through its leaves, a few moments solitude a rest,
Kinda has my presentation done... Maybe I won't have to go today. :) "giddy on up and giddy on out"
darkness of the world
Miss United States 2012 National Pageant: July 3-8, in Washington, DC! Now Confirming State Titles. Reserve Yours Today! Cc:
I'm your knight in shiny wrestling tights.
I miss when no one used Twitter..
Professional football players will end up having shorter careers, retiring in early 30s due to potential health risks
lol - Drake gets the thumbs up 4 sure. Common's too old to front like that. Drake is too new to know he's
Gawd how annoying people can be like do they actually think give a fck<U+263A>
Dat dude young wanting change and running is mouth starting shit was lucky I was with Neva or he would got knocked the f*ck out!!!
no but I wouldn't mind them! Hint hint
I am following
4/20 rally Denver is only a couple days away.
Good luck on Tuesday!
HID Remote Controlled Spotlight -35 Watt - Projects 5000' Beam - 15 million candlepower - HID-35-RC
Almost had a fight with a boy today..... I was ready to with the sweatpants and vaseline, lol
Cool! I'd love to hear your thoughts on the subject and what you're thinking about for your projects.
Just found I locked myself outside of the house
Follow Lil Twist (:
I love sucking a cum-coated cock that has just been in my ass then have the dude piss down my throat. That was dude #2 of the day. Need more
Haddingtons. Love this place!
I promise to never hate on cover up again! Although some girls cake it on, using just a little makes my bronzed go on flawless!
LLN im blasting to make my neighbors mad xD
Nicholas Cage is such a bad ass
We've launched, help us spread the word! We're helping market accelerators incubators and startups around the world!
Yea.. The ladies call me big D
Dear boss, I'm going to be late. The #royalwedding coverage has taken over my mind and body...
If You Could talk Shit About To SomeOne Else Why Cant You Say it To My Face ??
Trend topics in Milwaukee 2night: Scott Walker, Tom Barrett and I Want You Back?
Some people are like clouds. When they disappear, it’s a brighter day ~ Tumblr
RT Working on proposal for Student Parent Support Symposium. What resources do you feel r most important to Student Parents?
That sounds delicious. I'm working on a kale and fennel gratin because I am on such a kale kick.
“: OF Domonic Brown strained his left hamstring today in a Triple-A game. He is day to day.”GRRRR
3GS. Contract is up - able to upgrade. Just waiting for 5.
hope it was edible ;)
Let the waiting game begin #anhourwait?
You didn't think I would do it would you?lol You could have whooping cough if its been long. You should go to le doctor Blake :(
Wintertime grillin'. The best thing since...Summertime grillin'.
I can't fuckin stand when people call their mom's a bitch. Doesn't matter how mad you are. You have a roof over your head, don't you?
Why there is fake friends around..To show who my real friends are
Ward. Knuble charged net, then in high traffic in front of Thomas, Ward snuck it in on the rebound. It happened so fast!
Ya, I smoke weed this early in the morning. Wake and Bake.
Black and gold looks amazing. Can't wait for tonight entertainment
Good Morning, I just had school this morning, what about u?
Points go to Nerad for using pedagogy in a sentence.
goo, food's always worth it :D
Check out the primo Bar Louie Pic and "Sunday Funday" article onmilwaukee.com
I hope my homie pass her finals tomorrow, I dont want her to be like Marco totti lmao
duh! It's like a must lol
Counting down to the White Out part 2 on Sat, we hope no one leaves on a stretcher but we can't promise anything
Good You? Im at school and about to leave ill talk to you later cause im about to go to a diffrent class bye=]
it looks awesome:)
Really don't care too much for my reality today. Can I borrow yours?
10 more and the lead might list through five.
Does Gene Shalit know that Geraldo is using his moustache?
People get me so guh
with no vicky cuz she could be a buzz kill lol
A9: I don't discriminate against chocolate - I love every type :)
This one hurts, I'm overwhelmed with emotions
happening to me a lot lately!
It's like a combo of being jealous that one of you is hanging out with the other. I like you both so much, I can't pick.
power play goal by Bill Thomas at 19:18 of the 1st period. Tied 1-1.
Bonus, you could afford to DOUBLE the number of hands, ears, feet... you have! Ha!
Just updated the screenshots in the app store and the app store description. Hope people like it! Will take a while to update though!
“: Can I get some goodmorning mentions :-)?”<U+2600><U+2600>
Wait, is the choice between yoga and cupcakes? Because in that case, cupcakes. Always cupcakes!
shit so strong you would swear its cologne.
Play in our $150 qualifier today @ 1p and get one step closer to being a WSOP bracelet champion!
Follow Boston
10 Points Define A Good Restuarant Website: 7. Keep your customers informed.
Congrats on successful $1M MATCH campaign. We have such a generous community in MKE!
What about the Strokes???
Enjoyed my time with you guys this morning
"To kiss the tears right off her face, tell her everything's okay. Feel her heart beat next to mine, and make up for lost time."
That was fun.
shit not sure yet hopefully to chill and drink a lil
thanks for the reply. that interview was jan. 5. just saw a bit on the vroomans on koin tonight.
Food Fact of the Day: Feb, 24 1938 DuPont begins production of nylon toothbrush bristles. No more brushing your teeth with hog hair!
American Idol: mistake after mistake after mistake after mistake after mistake....
I know it's going to be a good day when i have Skin&Bones by stuck in my head :)
mr Fusco, go to bed!
One of the (few) good parts about going bald is not feeling nearly as compelled to use an umbrella in mild rain.
Watching the US Open on a picnic blanket under a tree. Thanks to the perfect weather in Madison Square Park.
Salzburg Festival sells 213,000 tickets. How many millions have read about, listened to, or watched coverage and broadcasts?
YOU BEST STAY AWAY FROM ED YOU DAMN RIOTERS. FUCK OF. ugh such a bad first impression Seattle...
um...do dat keisha cole love
New server added: vpn-pl1 - new dynamic ip pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Zurich, Switzerland It's available in your customer area now.
Good luck on your interview today!!
Well isn't this great nothing is as it seems
Had a great #vegan class last night at The Chubby Cook in #cle- Chef Welter made some incredible food and everyone had a great time!
Really excited about new things coming w/ some amazing people!
Are you going to The Slackers show on Saturday?!?!?!
swear i can talk to about anything
Okay, I like to watch "Cops" on TV, hubby & kids are surprised by that - what else will surprise them???
Three cheers for day!! cc
Columbia River Historic Highway, between Hood River & The Dalles
I spent 55 minutes biking. 821 calories burned.
My demo clips are uploaded to my imdb page and should be ready for viewing by tomorrow!
Ha ha it's nice to know everyone feels the same way on Tax Day.
Shout out to a great follower
And when it flushed
great shot!
Thank you for the inclusion! ^TM
HATER-->RT: Lmao I'm not following nkotb or mr.domestic violence!!!!
Thanks for the RT :-)
RT : This week, please ignore my nervous twitch. I am without #library access. Poor SPL is closed due to budget cuts.
HAPPY DIAMOND MONTH EVERYONE!!!!
I want to see Luly.
Think I'm complaining, keep it moving! Im not mean just cuz I speak my mind!
Love the skin our in.-PD
Work till two then hampton bound with a few of my fav ladiezZz.
RT : If you haven't heard, this years date is May 19th (9-5) - spread the word! MTM
Thanks for the follow!
Do they really have to wait this long for the colts and Skins pick? it's not like there are any surprises going on..
London-bound Aon backs Lloyd’s plans Aon Risk Solutions, the broker’s global risk management business that is moving back to London h
when I like a guy I tell them & tell them to make the first move.
Shooting for an MTV show last night went great..as we say.. any small part could eventually be the only thing you need! #ThisTeamIsOnFire!!
The nap i took>>>>
Want to run a new and awesome foundation?
Thnx to for chance to speak to great group from overseas Talked about how Buckeye helps in policy making process
my dance teacher in our school teaches me hip hop lol
I've got 3 booked for Tuesday, waiting for one more to jump in. 10AM-Hillcrest, 11:30AM-MIssion Valley, 4PM-U Heights so far
We got a couple of things planned. Thanks! Busy happy day!!!
Not sure if ppl put their running\workout updates on twitter to make themselves fee better or the rest of us worse...
I ate an ENTIRE pot of jambalaya today... I made it today at 12!
I wish I could!
it's the perks of living in Orlando lol.
the milks gone bad !
should do a song with !
i'm good fam! Workin on a few things! Whats the word?
when do y'all get out of school?
Even in the worm that crawls in the earth there glows a divine spark. When you slaughter a creature, you slaughter God. Go #Vegan!!!
Great day for golf at the San Diego Country Club! Gotta get some practice in.
if the #Packers are looking to boost the return game, there's good news! Dan Connolly is a UFA!
Turkey day is coming soon. Keep in mind the food will be there all day. Portion control is the key!
thanks for the mention Barbara. Only 4 days til i'm off to Vietnam!!!!
Circular logic. Kinda like Palin on Wikipedia. RT : But the Bible says that's all you need!!
If you wanna scream YEAH let me know and i'll take u there. Got you like aoooh baby baby oh oh baby baby
Are they really using a saw in here?
How funny is the wheelchair race scene in the movie 'Days of Thunder'? #rubbins'racin'
means everything to me!!
I would if I didn't mean it.
Does anybody think UL can beat UK?
I'm transcribing interview notes for a project.
“: Love the #whatever addition.” lol.I'm such a bloody North American!! Did u look up Warner Bros HarryPotter land
That awkward moment when dudes try to get with you but you don't wanna get with them.. Yeah -__-
“: . belting in the car... #thingsihavemissed #illalsomissmyeardrums” one of the reasons I love to drive.
IT'S TUESDAY ! COME ON IN FOR THE BEST PORK CHOPS (5.99) IN TOWN!
Man, he took my lead! RT : My 5 yr old boy says CarGo vroom vroom!
oh so perfect!!! Thanx, see u sexiness son
I love this cover so much! It's been on repeat. <3 You sure were tickling those ivories :P
Back in third place on da league and all is right in the world.
Note to self: the last place a writer should share good writing news is on a forum for writers, especially one for which he pays dues.
I need new followers on instagram : 94z28nos
O GURL. GUESS WHAT I JUST SAW.
We have shipped more IP-at-the-Door access control systems worldwide than any company in the industry. via
Yup no bed til last out RT : I'm sticking this one out on principle. Although neither club has earned it. Can't bunt, cant run
absolutely! They put on a great show as always. Really talented dudes, so good!!! How is your concert??
That's nice to hear, thank you!
says hes just sitting there waiting for me to poke him.. :o
“: Live simply. Love generously. Speak truthfully.
And now, the PR script gets unfurled. Somebody has to catch the blame cause God knows Angelina could have F-ed up.LOL!DRINK ALCOHOL
don't you dare forget
On Pinterest!! #PINNINGatEVERYTHING HA HA HA!!
Wow, think I'm gonna re name my band "The Socialst Ninjas" Best band name ever lol :)
Re-certification for Servsafe is $180?!?!?!
still need a feature
- it is a sad state of affirs and just seems to get worse and worse. We need a responsible press. Too bad ours is so pathetic.
sorry, different song...
Wow! Central catholic raises 100k+ just on paddle raise for tuition assistance
puzzling...only way I do that is possible trade for 3rd next year?? Or develop him and trade to Raiders next year???
Can you #sneeze with your eyes open?
I love cooking
yeaa!!! ill never forget you saving me at fader fort RT : yay! was wondering if you'd be at sxsw this year :)
Been very very busy I love LA
My new followers and all my followers -today was a very exciting big day and I wish you all had a great day, chatting soon w/ u all:)
thank soo much for listening!! :) we appreciate it :)
I feel real bad for KG. He played a great game on D but the O was not there. I really feel for him. My fav r one of them
I have a free day on Sundays..so I am thinking of taking handgun classes to finish of my Lara Croft imitation. LMAO!
wat is melissa talking bout ? who dont she fuck with?
Does anyone else want to just walk by and dump a bucket of paint on those blubbering women in the Verizon commercial?
I've never been this excited to work on Derby day! #workflow <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>
If you take metra Justin get off at Clybourn. And take the Armitage bus to California
"Dear Santa: Give me Bieber or I'll kill you" lol lil causin is #random but her expresion is
Thanks so much to all of our new followers! If you have questions about vision care diagnostics and social media, let us know!
I wouldn't even take a free one.
hahaha hubbly bubbly? never heard that one before.
You like cheese without the corners, in other words you'll never be a slice bitch!
Kasey Kahne won today. Take that haters. He still winning and making more money than you!
name some please
Drank a killing 1982 Chateau Batailley that Joe Martin brought!
QoTD: "A person determined never to be wrong won't likely accomplish much." (Ken Wisdom)
Feeling like I'm not wanted......
haha thanks I am going to need it
Essentials of life- something to do, something to love and something to hope for. Have a great one!
tell us more! where was he sitting/where were you sitting?
for sure! Glad you all are getting some nice weather! Enjoy!
hahahaha. LA need a rest. Went 7 games w/ Denver. They a lil older so LA will be str8. They need to get the next game n OK.
We're trying to think of ways to fundraise for ... How do we do it everyone? www.sperantsa.com
Will be playing a free show at The Foundry on Melrose tomorrow night at 9:30 pm! Full band, full rock - great food and drinks. Stop by!
thanks Carly!! I appreciate that! How's la! I'll be out there soon!
i just got back from the pool
is my amazing girlfriend <3 If your not already following her, you definitely should :D
Digitizing a nice silhouette of blind Justice. Silhouette work is a specialty of mine. :)
Climb new heights with the guidance of Hollywood Elite Trainer Max "The Body"
RT : Final day of #mcoa2012. Now up, Jeff Hamiel with MAC update
why not?
Ah just ran into
yeah judging in approval for picking funyuns, the best chips ever
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso
Were you nervous when they played Towson the other night??
God wants to beat Floyd Mayweather tonight...but God is usually wrong
You forget who the starting QB is for the Colts?
Everyone FOLLOW ---> <--- and check out his YouTube!
Fuck this. Im gonna do what I want. I dont give a shit what you think. #FuckYouBitch!
Follow the doctor stalker
Let me know when your heading over....
That's why good planning helps to make elusive dreams come true
thanks for the follow but every time I see your name I think of eschatology
Who wants some art?????
Had a good day today!! Very crazy today 4 some reason :-)
I qot shoelaces if Mario. I LOVE them, haha xD
Tan time, YEAH!
I may or may not have just consumed the best tasting burger in the world.
#PhillyJazz Appreciation Day in Philly. My props to Steve Lacy who found Monk and then found his way.
You're awesome, my friend. Congrats.
“: “: STOP. Beyonce is receiving a writing/journalist award? Er??! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>” <U+270B> For?????”>>>an essay she wrote for Essence..
Hey Man! Long time no see ;-)
If "con" is the opposite of "pro," is Congress the opposite of progress?
A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom. - Bob Dylan
I was there the other night for happy hour. Amazing!
Thank you, my dear, & you as well!
Well, today I hiked up cascades, and now im at subway. Lovely :)
. Another reference in the 1634 ed. of the Comp. Works of Ambroise Parey. I'll get that to you Mon. Just remembered. :)
Sometimes it's creepy how my stations and #iTunes knows my mood and musical taste.
"...his affection toward her was misplaced, like a hashtag on Facebook..."
heh heh. can I use that?
I would like to thank for joining me in Portal 2 last night.
You're welcome.
definitely getting an artic rush float today from DQ. mm mm m
#ifidiedtommorow i would finally look in the mirror and accept who i was
#salyardsbengals Go Bengals! Good luck on you STAAR tests -- from Huntsville, Alabama
It's very important to have the right clothing to exercise in
This girl in this class is playing flipping #mileycyrus...shoot me please...
Life is tough. It’s even tougher if you’re stupid.
If u dont GO afta wht u want, u'll nevr have it. If u dont ASK, the ans will alwz be NO. If u dont step fwd, u'll alwz be in the same place.
Yes, I believe I would!
#GURUday All Day...
Great to meet in person in such a wonderful. powerful setting! The Union lives on. Yes, we will get together soon.
Finding all about
thanks Mayor Bing for having your office email Targeted Detroit Business opportunities out to us.......sure is great to see!
This is really hard for me say to but Go Bears!
New at tweeting hopefully it will all make sense in the end
you know me I'm bringing it. Today it's a yellow mustachio theme
A mom blacks out - drives into a river - her two kids in the backseat....find out what happens next...at 11pm on 10TV!!
HeLLo :b RT : lookin at some throwback 2008 pics of me and and Man I miss them days
"Students doing blended learning on their own" how can we use this?
Today leather bag computer taken out of truck in Barrel #Lafayette LA REWARDoffered for safe return.Pass it on !No questions asked
Youu Fucken Wish Bitch. Nobody Fucken Believes You. Get Over It. Please Your just an attenion whore.
Wondering what your thoughts are re: Peyton coming to Denver? Also re: nachos?
Ah, almost finished w/ Ind Proposal: lesson learned, no such thing as no strings attached one night stand with a billionaire. Unless...
Signing books and baking pies with !
Fast Facts: Prepare your child for the plane ride by using different techniques such as making use of social stories to familiarize your...
good luck to all for the big opening!! The kidz, they WILL come!
Freestylin with The Roots skeptic. Have the audience member pick the type of music, Fallon...
Have a teenager who might be interested in yoga? Bring them buy our Yoga Magic class (suited for 11-18 year-olds) tonight from 6-7pm!
I love you baby, you're my everything <U+2665>
Back from one of my favorite weekends with my favorite people!
how have you been? I miss you. xo much love.
Thanks to and for the follow.
more love for the actual HEEL than wedges. Step that game up ;)
If you were to combine Demba Ba and Papiss Cissé into one player for the sake of this list, where would they be on it?
Home sweet home.
Spring Break Week is off to a Fast Start!!! The club was Poppin with DJ's AI & J-Roc Rockin The House and Everyone Dancing & Partying!!!
- mine is set for this Tuesday and Pete's is next Thursday - Monday. His is coming from Apple and mine from B&H.
"No one can possibly achieve any real and lasting success or "get rich" in business by being a conformist." ~J. Paul Getty
Sounds like the Orioles/Sox game is about to get weird.
El Mezcal in Bartlett has live music tonight. This margarita and listening to this guy is making me goofy happy. Sad, I know!
currently jamming out to Common Denominator as I study for my math final...... coincidence? i think not!
Yes, the "Wild Things" movie was a mess, but its heart and creative soul were true.
Follow naked like adam on twitter!
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. Robert H. Schuller
what'd you get in the other ballet class?
Thank you very much. We will keep that in mind.
i didnt have dinner yet cuz i just got home from my bball game!(: we won! RT cuz u love bball??(:
Virtual Scavenger Hunt at 11 am TODAY! Invite your friends! Prizes: $25 to Subway, Starbucks, BJ's, Jamba Juice, Olive Garden!...
Oh Danny Briere ur so clutch. y U not in an Indianhead? Go Flyers!
what are the limits of Flash, endurance, capacity/in**3, energy?
you make my day better<3 i love you(:
I got one that shuts off after 2 hours and I still have to check it about 10 times to make sure I unplugged it.
NOTE: This does not apply to what I'm doing right now.
Go pirates! #ECU RT Chad Tracy is the second biggest trending topic in the United States.
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME ? (:
Then thank you for the compliment. *Politely nodding*
I'm #Dead . Lol
Don't let it consume you.
What do you think about the Manning situation?
Thank you Robin!
Always be yourself, unless you can be a unicorn. Then always be a unicorn..
do you wanna help me move lol
it was funny when was so surprised that she got out of her car
I miss Jelena, had a dream about her the other day
RT Mariano Rivera is the man! Sad for him. Hope he comes back.
We definitely have that in common! Thanks for the shout out. Happy
HE'S MINE mom!
Might have encouraged the "screw it" mentality
Don't miss FBL last show of the season w/ Zac Brown Band on 10/16! Tix or Hardee's Thickburger Box Office (M-F 10-4).
How's your christmas time?
Ray Allen and his mom are the cutest
you force me to...
How do you photoshop yourself & still be ugly ? that's like cheating on test and still failing.
Blew all ur Lil income tax money tryin to shine for a bunch of nobodies on fb..u dress way beter then ur kids and u still got roaches
Checking out #neyo, I mean his new line of hats
just catching up on many conversations... So sorry for your loss. Sending love from my family to yours.
Sherman Heights #Walmart, we're discussion with SD City Councilmember Alvarez, join the discussion NOW
but yes, I am Fancy. You know that ;)
The story of my life when things go wrong so you try to fix it an even more things go wrong
Guide To Clickbank - How to Make Money With The Clickbank Code
no, he just went with me this morning to talk to everyone. He's sore & his ear is bothering him , but he's ok.
The Pres, VP, and Liberal "elite" are calling Tea Party "terrorists." Where is the CIVILITY?
Eastern Bank's Rose Grant will talk stocks tomorrow at 12:50 p.m. on WRKO-AM in Boston.
yeah that's all I have as well which scares me a lot.
It just keeps proving how dumb people are #sad :Twitter has given a voice to people with fingers that work faster than their brains
Better hurry! You've got one week!
I will definitely be there...looking forward to meeting you as well!!
haha yes!!! AND when we were playing with the ball...WHERE WAS MTV?!?!?!?! WHY WEREN'T THEY FOLLOWING US??!?!?!!!
thanks I just like to talk you know
Love your show! but missed who did 'Heavy Things' a couple of mins ago, could you tweet it?
Ha. Thanks. And sorry, that was the only photo available on our photo service! Next time, he'll look better. Promise. (:
"I owe my life to Nicki Minaj, I was in a coma for 2 years, until a nurse played one of her songs, I had to wake up and turn that shit off."
“: It is UCLA for Shabazz”
Much #bkstoreluv to Dawn MV. *Karen+Susan* -thanks for all the recommends and fun chats we have when I come in *IHeartBofG*
What are my chances of getting into an ivy/top school?
that was a dope line....definitely approved
JUST PRACTICE LOL
it's been in my head for weeks!
hey, can you follow me please ? :)
God’s plan is like a movie. All the good and bad things are arranged together for the good ending.
Hi, got you from the Linkedin group. My link works now. Thanks.
Thanks - it was great to work with you! RT : A real pleasure shooting the video... Incredibly talented musicians!
I'm going to sleep .. I hate Dekaney with a passion
Beautiful spirit...
RT : . Race, racism, and chattel slavery were invented at the same time for the same purpose. They're a box set. -
really? No N-N-Out?
Happy March! Yay for #spring and #St Pattys Day!
RT if when you meet Austin, he won't be single anymore. ;)
I wish new shoes felt old but looked new.
A friend said to me "that Corey Smith that you've listened to for yrs sure is getting alot of play on CMT now.
Thanks for the mention!
Come on people. It's North Carolina. I'm not even sure if interracial marriage is legal there.
Okay , I should really sleep now.
es posible. I might go to eriks farm. Haven't had fun w you in a coons age
“: Anyone else excited the launch party tonight?!” wish I could go...
lol it's a long game.. Just look at them 6ers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Headed to Tyler's Tenders for Owen's birthday!
Thanks GC Composer! Good to be in contact with you on Twitter! Peace.
Ahh I forgot you mentioned me lol
absolutely not!
Well aren't you sweet! Life is grand, wondering if you're doing any shows any time soon?
I've been a few times. It's OK. I don't mean to hate. I'm all about supporting Austin biz as much as possible.
Holy shit, you guys.
Friday! Djing at Holler for list & bottles ;)
lol u are cracking me up!!!! If u want to lol why not
im here
Rangers tonight!!
I want to move in with my Dad.
JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!! lmfao i screamed so loud...
first storm since I've been at St. Maarten...glad I picked tonight for my solo beach party/ room service!
I'll start when I get people? JOIN THE CHAT(: posted link
Messaging you w clearer detail.
Joey smells so good <U+E418>
ive heard that before
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk & Ride in your northside store. We appreciate you!
#jasonmisquotes are making me laugh so hard, I had to pull over as I am crying from laughing so hard and can't see
I hear that!
im right here(: come get me and ill take care of em(; lol
I don't understand why the broncos would trade Tebow, he is their starting RB...
I'm so bored. Laying in my bed, listening to music. And just texting! :) [**S&&H**] :)
Holy ice planet Hoth! I might need a Tonton to get anywhere today
it was just on the radio...again..twice in 35 minutes. Fml
I hope McGee's Mom chokes MWP unconscious. You know... as a basketball play.
That was upsetting.
midnight truffle
No RT : Seriously, does it get any better than a Game 7?
heard that
"There is more hunger for love & appreciation in this world than for bread." Mother Theresa #quote | We'll give you all!
I don't know noelle's , but TJ is ...
Regardless of age or size, 6 - 10 diapers are needed daily! Do you belong to a group that is willing to host a diaper drive?
awe. So sweet.
are there any employment opportunitys with doyles room or any other affiliates for a motivated smart young man
I'm hearing Snowe isn't running for reelection....say it ain't so. All the moderates are leaving!!
come on , I miss seeing you everyday ! :)
o nice! idk you seemed cool enough =p lol
Agreed! RT : Independent films are an endangered species. Tell everyone you know to see #BeautifulBoy this week in NY and LA
What is your favorite #creative website? Behance? found?
Just for that bullshit you pulled yo album better be good!
We've got a show coming up! Tuesday 1/25 @ The Deli in Norman
How is everyone today?
Last player was much younger than the previous 2 semifinalists. Wonder if the judges take age/experience into account?
Welcome to the south! veggies are usually fried. head to the ritz downtown. BLT Steak can cure your pain. CLT native.
Anything puts his hands on is gold. I look forward to the event. Good thing going on here.
Excellent! I'll email you some of my ideas soon - psyched!!
wow, talk about all-time biggest suck up
": Feels like a second home opener tonight! Let's get win #5 on this 5th day of May in our 5th home game of the year. #SKCNation"
“: nothing like waking up to hello..good morning mix #diddy #rickross #nickiminaj ha! Thx girl” nice one! Enjoy!
Come on down to broad ripple on Friday let's make some deals!
Great interview with attendee Chris Gray .. Hope your kids love the clubs you got em!!!
thanks for the good work you do, keep it up!
#Sportsbiz MT : on team, now in 3rd place & spent sig. cash "If we don't get into the playoffs its a disaster."
And I misspelled your name (sorry, I have a friend who does the Y). Never, ever again!
Forecast for Monday: Low clouds and fog in the morning then partly cloudy. Highs 63 to 68 near the coast to 68 to 73...
Go for a run...clears the mind;)
If I go to school tomorrow and someone starts making fun of Justin cuz he messed up I'll slap them.
Happy Thanksgiving from all the Volunteers at the Carmel Farmers Market.
says the one who has a weenie, or atleast i'd hope so... OH! (;
whats good bro?
no. You stop. I fixed before anyone saw it .... but you.
1st month of school: look nice and dress nice. the rest of the school year: rocking the homeless grandma look.
I'm here lol
your illustrations are beautiful.
Send Josh Beckett back to Miami! we'll take him. Plenty of golfing in the ole sunshine state!
Jesus, lady, gay couples experience domestic violence too!!! What a horrible woman!
Grids are still global and that still makes no sense. A grid for an Icon would likely not be the same for an HD iPad app. /cc
Nothin comes easy, You gotta try real, real, hard
Having a hard time distinguishing #bieber from #degeneres in these proactive commercials. He certainly wears more makeup than she. Yikes.
That awkward moment when you see someone and think 'damn that persons sexy!’ then you realize your looking at your reflection.
we think its being moved to Red Arrow Park starting June 1
Had a great time last night at Flight 112 Wine House!!
I don't know how to say.
Flying to Texas in a couple of hours for a perfomance tommorow.will miss the music city and its liveliness,but will be back soon for more
#Shoutout to everybody still waiting on Final Grades...them professors know what they doin yeah
Been looking at butterbeer recipes from Harry Potter/Universal but none have marshmallow or mcreme. Topping tasted like marshmallows, right?
RT : RT : Listening to - they have 12 social media people on staff - all on TWITTER - No YOUTUBE or FB!
This is gonna be a doozy...
any idea if Frank Minnifield's son is on their radar? Have they worked him out?
Smh yea it's time for me to delete my twitter
lol I'm jealous of you but I should follow your example and trade this piece of crap.
My condolences to SDPD and to family of Officer Chris Wilson. So sad.
nah, just a blood draw. Won't be too bad. The #writing and #editing are the painful parts!
Cervelli is faster can bunt and play D better than Posada. Also, Jorge looks lost at the plate. Its a good move!
Really need my phone to be jail broken
At a church musical
Oh My God Becky Look At Her But! Tunechi :D
correlation <> causation. Logic 101
In downtown Denver for the next few days.
Has the weather gotten any better? I need to head there for work and it looks crazy bad now.
Well, said, my thoughts almost exactly.
Sims stuff is great at creating community. That allows knowledge to spread. There's power there.
Cmon man! Dont you think I find my way into enough trouble over here without your "help"?! Killin me bro
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> lol thank you ma'am
Hahah! Sponge Ben Square Head.
But they had it so its all good. :)
I'm watching #RHONYC it's insane!!!
Sweet...thanks!
my favorite yogi in SD
lol I'm dead serious bro, theres more and more interracials couples every year, there saying its possible
Another song knocked out that came out nasty but beautiful..I was due for a sex song lol, 1 more track to rec. n im done with hbt2 except th
Hi grandma
my phones fucked up just message me on here
It's raining and chilly but I've finally arrived
Jesus is coming! Look Busy.
Resume Writing 101. Dear Agency, I want you to want me. I need you to want me.
We send our art to a small silkscreen shop out in Cali, but most places will print on whatever type of shirt you want.
Dude! I remember when Cutler chased Billy G through Memorial Coliseum....
dont need nothing from you
I guess I'm a pleasantly foodie...lmao
I'm glad I'm not the only one with a 5th grade sense of humor! I think we could have some tie-in merchandising with this one.
It was a lot of fun - a good learning experience in many ways.
Big audition tomorrow. Big game Friday. Half marathon Saturday. Now that's what I call a good week.
Throwing one more option your way for #NYE--join us for our Birrificio Bruton dinner and live performance by
We have a romantic setting for a short time here
trying all sorts of things in R and finding that many of them work like you would want (contrary to my nervous expectations)!
Taking the SAT on Cinco de Mayo
I heard today was Coffee Day. I could have had a 50 cent iced coffee at Dunkin Donuts if I had turned right instead of left leaving school.
"The Encore of Tony Duran" - WINNER of the "Spirit of Independents" Award #FLIFF ! Thank you
it's been too long since I've seen you.
The only thing better than vanilla ice cream is cookie dough ice cream!!!!! We love life lol!
Thanks for the favorite/RT :)
I am more offended by how stupid the UPS commercials are and they have nothing to do with logistics than the 92 game crap
Apparently Ashton had been taking pics of women and broadcasting them as "Nikon Coolpix" commercials.
I should probably get around to consuming something other than coffee at some point today.
haha nice! I agree. He did a great job.
happy New Year everyone!!! May you all have a prosperous and safe New Year
The official premiere of "The Lottery Show starring Sherrod Small" starts July 5th 2011 around 10:30 PM.
Favorite Panel @ IFP today "Case Study: Tiny Furniture." Inspired by 's film itself & story of moving from student to SXSW star.
I can however offer a purely personal view of how we got to where we are and make some suggestions as to the future.
I rode my bike to school. And now it is snowing.
Thanks! Its research for my next novel. The only problem? I'll have to act scholarly. I need to grow a beard and furrow my brow.
Sigh of relief... purchased my seat for the final performance of The Glass Menagerie at the Mark Taper Forum. Could not have missed that.
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. - Judy Garland
“: Huh!!!! This is so random.”>>>you're all late lol
Off to talk about closing San Diego's skills gap and my Connecting to Careers initiative with on
(okay, you can ignore me now)
we love you! keep voting and keep pushing for us!
we need to hang out son:)
Testing out my twitter account.
#GoodNight everybody!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Some people reach their full potential much earlier than others. At 10! .........
#ABDC or #Bedtime .....im liking the right side better.
Millions find happiness and joy in boating. Let me help you find the joy in boating too. Helping people find life's joy one boat at a time!
worst then dog shit bitch, pussy slanggin to every dude...you girls have NO CLASS....I SPIT ON ALL YOU HOES, and clean my shit up too bitch!
Looking forward to seeing everyone this weekend. Stop by and see us at Booth #626!
I don't think you should apologize for a word. You're just calling a spade a spade. ...oh shit.
I know you guys are wondering about 's voice. I'll address at the top of the show.
On this cinco de mayo, we enjoyed a nice all American meal... Cheeseburgers!
what's wrong with your current position?
This would come on top of the mid-credits sequence which essentially sets up the villain for the sequel
2012 Verb squad is YOUR team. You took over as the new leader against La Salle. Dont forget that.
You know what I like better than Sea World? Watching UK beat UofL! We left early to be home for the game.
Hunt for the Red Cloud Quote "This business will get out of hand and we will be lucky to live through it"
you said you suck the cock
Bravo, ! Great concert and FANTASTIC Rachmaninoff!!
I understand that, I'm a christian, we don't believe in that tho u no
On queue press coverage on blitz he had to go to third option. Aack
Lets go to bayshore and forget what state we are in.
RT": and are at it again!" The best in the biz, ya'll!!
you coming over?
GOOD MORNING!
I have cried since receiving the news. I don't know quite what to say. All I know is when God made Whitney Houston he broke the mode.Gnite
Also resolved to go home and be extra conscious of how much happiness Miss Kitty has given me, and vice versa.
Austin Please follow me! (:
Eyes burnin like fuck rite now...
finishing up a few things, then heading down to the hotel in a bit...
im going to start watching the tudors, hopefully its good!
The world lost a great visionary... R.I.P. Steve Jobs
thanks! I use blogger, but need a second blog set for a private group & have been curious about wordpress....
Luxe better check her fanfic's ask.....
It's more people that want it than got it
berbatov is useless in European play
Thanks for tasting with us ! Cheers!
tell matt hi “: A Jew, a Peruvian, an Italian, and an Indian walk into a bar. Out for drinks with and ”
#np say goodbye- chris brown
My lil sis don't love me
Think imma get a fresh fit today...
I do believe coach Hawley should never have lost his job.
With Gov 2.0 talk at #SMWDC I see could see how a 311 aggregate feed could allow developer to make a more effective governance app
It's because you're boring.
Congratulations on the positive review!
what to do tonight
One more class than its back to Louisville for a couple days
Jenny Ybarra's trial is now starting. First witness: Jenny Ybarra.
Boulderfest July 24 25 26 @ 100 Alexander St South Wedge. 30 bands over 3 days and its FREE. Stop by and have a great time w us this year.
damn! should we send you an umbrella??
RT : Be sure to "LIKE" San Diego Family Expo on Facebook for 2011 SDFE news & updates
thanks for the follow!
*jaws theme* I'm feeling a little better.
Get it together!
A week at least to get ANY official word on the proceedings? Not enough for me. Sorry. Try harder. Cancelling.
Mom was right... I do need 8 hours of sleep!
Ugh i feel like im goin thru a dry spell! Haha gotta get it in SON!
Film is so damn good. My revisit is knocking me out.
I love watching #DWTS !!
Shout out to the people showing us love on twitter #FF thanks guys!
I haven't been bck or out in a min so I was just tryna see what's koo out here now n u seem like u would know wassup!!
A little chemistry knowledge doesn't hurt either. #whyIsticktocookies&brownies
I can't sleep
Well I'm guess we have to wait and see...
Eating CAP'N CRUNCH for dinner :D It's pretty awesome!
: God bless you and your family.
thanks for the reply though
Listening to some country music while reading some gov docs before cleaning the house like a mofo.
Can't wait - I know with you involved it will be awesome...lets hope it is better than the Plum book2movies...Good Luck!
Learning lots about vPC after an unexpected 5k outage this weekend. Duplicating it in the DC now. Luckily this virtual farm is not prod yet
My man! How you livin'? I troll the Internet for Sam Okey news every day, so it was inevitable this would happen.
It's a breaking news kind of day. I can feel it!!!
no idea, call Tommy Usher
such a shame Sarah can't see that.
love you so much you big old hunk <3
What? Did you guys decorate? I can't get these slackers over here to get their decorating butts in gear!
Why am I still awake?!
Time for bed. Actually, way past time for bed, but now I'm actually going.
Happy birthday to a lot of who we are is b/c of you;) love you! #getready!getready!getready!
is that the site where you take pictures and make them blurry for no reason
Thats awfully nice of them to let baseball have 34 games. i remember when Aggie baseball had EVERY game on the radio.
I am intrigued by Crossfit. Not intrigued by Crossfit prices, however.
sounds great, see you then!
girl: (text) why don't you ever call me? Me: *calls* Girl: *no answer* Me: FUUUUUUUUUU
Q5) How do we overcome complacency in the pursuit of dreams and be open as a child?
Bizarre!! “: Clintonville City Administrator confirms 1.5 magnitute earthquake responsible for booms felt earlier this week.”
Sleep quote- Leonardo DaVinci- A well-spent day brings happy sleep.
New Windows? Ask about: 1. Product features. 2. Replacement Measuring Process. 3. Installation Process. It's all about the parts & pieces!
Thursday confession: I don't know how to draw an "&", so when needed I draw a "$" sign and just scribble over it.
Over 7000 #startup founders & 100s of #startupchampions have joined , helping fuel a nationwide
OMG I am relate to the Australian Martha Stewart, yes please to recipe!
Mix one scoop of our #salsa spices with a 14.5oz can of diced tomatoes. Chill for 30 minutes, serve, and accept compliments.
On way to Jax with two other models for an early booking!
I good with scotch. Just scotch.
The defense is do for a big play.... Right?
I wish stupid could power cars, I could fill up while at work
Looking forward to being back in LA and our show on August 12 (8pm) @ UCB!
“: woah! And yes that is family! She aint goin no where.” we already know sisters forever!!!!
I hear that! RT : I love being able to suggest to people for events of all sizes in Chicago.
Oakland is crisp...cafe bound.
hm, just looked it up, i could have high cholesterol
You can't take it when your gone
Where is your office located?
Calling Mike Wallace "old-school" misses the point: the man was fearless in the face of tyranny & hypocrisy.
Do me a favor and share my band's link on your Facebook wall!
I guess Ogando hasn't read the scout report on Pujols.<<Why is he pitching away from him?>>
Have fun with edible printing!
Sis is officially in Indiana
Hee hee thank you :) I like to make sure you all feel truly a part of my crazy life. Or answer my confusion. :)
Don't forget, u can WIN a $50 EOI Gift Certificate just by doing a quick review of us on either Citysearch, Yelp, Google Places or Yahoo!
or friend, that happens and you can't stop it from happening you can only enjoy your time being an that's all that matters. I was just....
What is most valuable for any human is to be a part of this marvelous reality, God's kingdom now...: Dallas Willard, The Divine Conspiracy
she is going to hit you back gutfeld. And when she does it ain't gonna be pretty...
Lots of chatter around 3D printers... I await the day I can make jeans that fit perfectly!
austine mahone is awesome love:)ya
Always doing peoples hair for them. What about me? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I just want my parents to be proud of me. K.
Thanks Mayka! btw what's your email address? I want to send you something
one step ahead of the game!
studying for what??
Since when did remembering names become such a thing? I think I offended dog face girl, again
Sometimes I wonder, if you get the same feeling I do when we look into each other's eyes.
ha! sometimes I like to imagine buildings are like transformers. The arms and legs unfold out of the building.
: I'm crying everytime i listen to #TurnToYou you can hear, that Justin has written the song with all his heart <3” (4)
Don't really wanna be bothered.....
Yes i have seen it quite a few times... but i personally have not...
<U+24BB><U+24B6><U+24B8><U+24C9> of the Day: In Texas, the entire Encyclopedia Britannica is banned because it contains a recipe for making beer that can be used at ...
Sorry you couldn't make it - good meeting! Maybe next time - we shared some FH info with the group.
I had to check a call # in vol 3 of #DDC23 & randomly opened to 615.788
The limited number of additional changes required for transmission is minimal, and the required changes should be published immediately H1N1
"Teacher: 2 girls are dancing; Change this sentence into exclamatory sentence. Student: WOW!! "
You Both Made My Dream Come True. Thanks For Making A Girl From Bakersfield, Ca Making My Dreams Come True:)
Congratz to Larry for being like #69 on our facebook page! Shoot us your info so we can send you your sticker!
I have no life during midterm week
A lot of girls wanna be in a relationship so bad that they end up with Mr.Player, Mr.Wrong, & Mr.Asshole
Yeah I really wanted to be in D.C. or NYC or Boston. But I'm going to try and get off the waitlist for GW & at least be in D.C.
Eight scripts sitting on my desktop bright. Which will be the first in 2012 to get a green light?
yeah mang, let me know mango! It was tough 4 me to pass these tickets up pumpkin...... 4 real ming
follow back? :) x
exactly, teach them what?? Sweet djing skills? I think not. Better leave that to me after you satisfy them
#V Live lounge, #Cafe 4212, #poetry lounge is where you will find me this weekend...
Texas Tech's Monique Smalls (College Park) had 12 points, 5 assists and 2 steals in an 81-58 win over Texas today.
He's not even showing up for HOF induction. In fact, he doesn't even want to be inducted.
reaction to documents from Wikileaks... FUCKING DUH
awesome right?!
I'm open to helping, but June 19th is a stretch for me. Any particular reason you've settled on that date?
I always hit the bull's eye. I aim, I shoot and whatever I hit... is the bull's eye.
Yup, still not over it. Cant even get through Faith Hill's opener..
LRT, yeah, I see u tweeting about me!! Lol
How much hairspray does jay leno use? If I get on the show I want to ask him if his hair ever gets messy! leno hair LOL
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had a life
Falling in love shouldn't be a goal in your life, it happens unexpectedly, when u accidentally meet your best friend ...
Fresh in produce: corn, peaches, nectarines, plums, apricots, blueberries, tomatoes, peppers, eggplant, f-trade bananas & pineapples, & more
I MEAN IT TAKES NOTHING TO GET WHERE U AT I WANT WHAT U HAVE MY PEOPLE WILL CHERISH IT
Pannikin on 101, Leucadia side, near Lou's records.
About to get this softball season off to a soggy start.
lol. I was just being a good dad. My son loves electronic music.
damn, he blocked us with the quickness.
Happy Greek Independence Day! Marching in the parade :) channel 7 at 1:30!(:
Stay persistant and you will learn
thinks all the police officers look mighty handsome in their dress blues. sad for the reason they are all dressed up
RT : Twitter should have a paper clip guy like in Word who'd pop up, "It looks like you're writing a joke. Would you like help
yea, remind me sometime tomomorrow please!
Karin - oh, great article. And yes, that seems entirely appropriate in re: the lovely
ELENA IS A VAMPIRE!!!!!!
Identify with Excellence, put your name on your work, and BOTH your work and your name will stand the tests of time.
Man I would love to be there for that show. Yall need 2 ustream it.
Gotta girl at home.. I know it's wrong but it feel so right...
but he's certainly going to be the public face
It's not over till the sailor sings.
Chicks that do that have bad box LMAO
its a different world down there
“: I'm almost a senior and my boobs aren't growing at all.” second that sister
the party last night was nothing short of AMAZING. I am a blessed man to work for such a great company
Met some amazing new people at a party I attended. Had tremendous fun.
I Listen To Constructive Criticism
That's how he chose his collaborators.
omg stop i love you both
Current weather @ Disney World: 77°F· (°C) Wind: 6 mph NNE Humidity: 93%
Are we gonna be talking about sports today or just Westfield Center?
#onewordthatdescribesme Pizzazzy. Real word. Really true.
Rural areas of America created the office of sheriff.
Balmy, breezy, gorgeous day in Abq. Definitely going to rain later. Perfect day for reading!
I want a shake weight and some pajama jeans - they look like they were made from "some European designer". I love "some European designer"!
YoruFukurou is my new best Twitter friend.
I cried too, hush!
This place has to be reported, Josh! I work in customer service and this is not accepted!
coolio! make another one?
You were the only part of the grammys that inspired me - Please be featured on my next record! www.johnbaptistrecords.com
The LA Times, Weak coffee and runny eggs in bed....perfection! I'm a #lucky mom
: I do. Unfortunatly
Destination: your mother's couch
DO U REALLY LIKE UH BLAH ICONIC BOYZ BETTER YEA
TBS: enough with La Russa Cam.
heck yea!!!! Your my favorite Pokemon!
“: A brunette's iPod will be filled with a little bit of every genre. #thehairoscope” So true
yes sir. boy does it take a commitment
May is one of our favorite months - def something to look forward to! :)
My sister's bachelorette party last night was a success! Had so much fun. Now it's time to work. May even go for a run later...!
who knew that you were fluent in so many languages.
follow shes really nice. =)
wow, you go girl!
Thanks for your TREMENDOUS support to the non-profit community!
I just told somebody there swagg looks looks very lonely and the mall would love a friend.
im taking I. and it doesnt say who is the instructor. it just says "staff"
great first set by azarenka!
Bout to knock out this last lil hour
"I have nightmares about what he does alone, when I'm not lying right next to him." gotta love the fun-old-fashioned-family Griswold Xmas!
Great! So glad you're stopping by! RT : See you shortly!!
Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger helped win Dr. Gräfenberg's release from prison so he could leave Germany in 1940...
hahaha,please,millions of creepier codys out there :p OHYEAHH WHAT DID YOU SAY? Only ONE Daphne Stephanie,THAT'S RIGHT.
you know I gotta ask, are you considering NBA next year?? We are (Q Q) <<-----watching!
"What we focus upon expands." ~Flesymi
This is some lame shit dude
Today, take a look just how much you're spending on your business telecoms. Broadband, calls, lines, systems etc. We can help reduce it!
Ready to go to lunch but kinda early.
if mike Vick is on his game then the #eagles have got this, if the #Giants can get to him then they got it!
great show
how do we submit to perform?
When someone close to u dies... move seats
CALM YOUR BALLS! xD.
ive only honestly truly cared for 2 females in that way in my life & 1 did me soo grimy & the other .things just didnt fall thru right
Have a Crazy house for us to see. E-Mail and we'll post it on facebook!
Shhh. Jim and I decided we'd start trying but we aren't telling anyone really yet.
I'm pretty great right now! What about you?:)
Good morning
I Love the Coca Cola Christmas adverts.
I hope they actually last that long—the "7-year" bulbs don't seem to last 7 months at my house.
«lI miss bein a kid. No responsibilities. My life was wake up, fuck up, go to sleep, and do it all over again... [sighs] goodtimes.»»
"People always think something's 'all' true. " ~Holden Caulfield .... R.I.P. J. D. Salinger
Rest peacefully Phoebe Jacobs. Well done, faithful Jazz General, well done.
when you coming back to town?
Laundry is crazy! I leave it alone for a week & it turns into Jabba the Hut.
The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can ever end. Benjamin Disraeli
Hi, I am a fantasy enthusiast. Who is your favorite author?
Can I borrow someone's name? But it needs to be a guys (for my story)
at conference every1 I spoke 2 abt Motherhood Online liked it Please consider Amazon Google books reviews if U read it and enjoyed Thanks
I'm serious lol
excited to see what you developed!
If you don't realize what you got WHILE you got it..u sure will realize what you HAD when it's GONE
Did you know? If all NYC were as densely populated as the LES in 1903, it would be home to 78 mil -10x today's population!
-- bird's song / left to the world / now it's just the sound of the pine #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Great my back spasms are getting worse.
sometimes its hard to no if anyone hears me at all. crying out in agony over the pain caused from this stupid carwreck that was 7yrs ago.ugh
Awesome cello and contact improv by Attack Theatre in session on performance informing visual arts.
Trampolines: they make twentysomethings feel like fiftysomethings
Today, July 24 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" hosted by Priscilla Leona | Princess Fortier, KlyMaxx Band | Go to: latalkradio.com | Channel 1
im so nervous.
you know it!
“: Fabian the arabian ” damn skippy with a flying carpet
Thanks for the mention :)
Sittin in my turkey blind. Bring on the birds.
Lol my teachers prolly think im faking being sick since ive been gone so long. They don't even know ..
after a while you realize that not talking to certain people was a god thing (: letting go is great :D
I will be sharing that vote w/ others. 'course I also share she was an earlier endorser of the Romney. And Norquist signer.
ill resend it
yeah. I expected it to run overnight, but the library configs are apparently going to take all day. Probably an overestimate.
"Thor" opening up in theaters everywhere May 6th.
Thanks so much for coming in! Your group was a blast.
Just saw a homemade shirt with Stewie dressed as a black Scarface, captioned: "Nigga Gangsta". Thatz funny as hell.
Just confirmed, thanks #Peterson: that was a Black Vulture eating something in the street for an hour.
shit. In my tired state I just ate harvest cheddar sun chips. Can I get one mishap?
RT "If life hands you lemons... ferment 'em :-)"
girl please
3-car crash on northbound I-225 south of Alameda. No word on injuries.
*I think you mean rotten. But you're fucking disgusting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Great night! Thanks for the fun time!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 26
haha nope i saw that so i was like i wish that was my name
hehehe sorry i saw your post on facebook (:
Fitness Tip by Steve Armstrong: Exercise and Pregnancy - Just because you have a baby on board does not mean that you are done with your...
Getting ready for my 1st day of middle school since I was In surgery recovery wish me luck
Must be nice...
Did you hit your head on something?
i just did the same thing. where were u at?
...right now, I don't miss much at all about #ABQ but my cats. Oceanside, seafood, good friends, breezes, salty beach air
I need a new phone! #daddy!
I hope your week gets better for you. <3
theres ways to get a cable to cassette or CD player and connect an MP3. Love that MP3 is small and hold so much!
If you set fire to LMFAO they'll become ROTFLMAO.
Hot track !!
Studio tonite! What beat should we release a freestyle to ?! RT!
Mr. Tanning Bed
ha! It's a digital marketing seminar I'm at
No harm, no foul, I guess.
Furcal is starting to hit and as he goes, the Dodgers follow.
What is the most common sentence given in the US?
i might just walk out tonight
Let's go crew!
doesn't get drunk - I get awesome!
Fox News Jennifer Griffin, Dancing with the Stars Louis Van Amstel, comic Lisa Ann Walter Wed 5.25 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Just slept 16 uninterrupted hours.
you raised my rates 25% today, I called and was treed like crap. Thanks
I can treat you better then your man can but I guess you like being mistreated
y not
Oh, Scarecrow. No more wild pitches.
That was good! I have those same boots! Lol
Mom: "you wish you had Swag like Me" -_________________-
Notre Dame Tax Assistance is being held at Western Branch on March 1, 8, 22, and 29 at 5:30pm for those with incomes of $40,000 and under.
RIP Donna Summer
I have that conversation atleast twice a week
Funny! I know the feeling....it's odd when you actually can sit in one place on the computer. Have a great day!
Hey : big /news coming this am, stay tuned!
Love is the weapon that kills all evil. ~ #ideation12 (quoting Ugandan man who forgave the man that killed his family)
at least the two before were completely ignorable.
Taking forever to start my makup video blog, to busy editing my other videos..or am I just wasteing time on netflix..you decide.
You'll love it. Congrats! RT : Congrats to our giveaway winner ! She won $30 to from !!!
He got paid big time for the Rush Hours, he's got a supporting role in one movie coming out. I think he's running dry lol
You would be struck by lightning quicker! At his height or mine?
I always get that feeling.
I'll take Things You'd Never Hear in the US Gov't for 500 please, Alex.
When your words are filled with faith, hope and promise, you’ll enjoy the fruit of them. Your words are the seeds to your future!!
so i get out the shower and put clothes on and im wonderin why my outfit not lookin right...and i realize i forgot to put on a bra lmao
TONITE - #Orlando Hottest Happy Hour is at NV Art Bar! No Cover, Strong Drinks & Free Food + Old School HipHop #GoodTimes Doors 8p
Deane Street running the nights here in Portland. I guess no other houses know how to party.
Guy next to me on train is reading "Texas Hold Em for dummies". Not sure if I should invite him to card night or if it's a hustle.
Should be an interesting next 45 minutes.
is Shirley Temple dead or. Theres a freakin commercial always on about her DVD thing and its so annoying. omg.
Let's split a coffee
Make sure to stop by our dealership ;)
Were they down there? I'm going to see them at red rocks tonight!
argh! I weeded @ 4K titles since I entered... Maybe more. Some were gross, many useless.
At any moment, a pancake beast could arise from the waters and piss butter on us all. This is why, at all times, we need cooked lobsters.
woo to the hoo! i can't wait. #hangover3 ;)
After Initiation party success. Now a full AKPsi member :)
Dan Sandin (from his talk today) on the appeal of math in art: "For me, mathematical forms are like walking through a new national park."
Running late, but want my kiss & hug so wait!
Done with class for the semester, grinding out for finals the next couple of days and home in a week.
Happy V Day to you and yours too Ms. Lexy!
Wegmans already sponsors LPGA event. Don't think they will sponsor Watkins Glen International
Loving being with behind the bar before heading to BK to see bestie for a night of theatre
its only right lol
#writing #writers Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. Abraham Lincoln
torrential downpour in virginia fmlll
Interesting how the wealthy often want higher taxes on income (which they already banked, untaxed), but rarely on wealth.
hope your first week went well!! Love and miss you!
you're bad :( I think you do this on porpuse just because u dont want me to sleep #LOL haha I'm very excited about JB2012
yeah so im like wtf??
Thanks for the RT, so kind!
Legendary, as in Bigfoot? Sasquatch? RT Today in #YEG The Legendary Steve Kaplan #Comedy Workshop via
back usual time. Just out checking properties with Jonas
I want to go see think like a man
i need to fuckin party
Supe Karen Gray nodding when testifier says Parkrose has lots of homeless children.
"It's more fun in the Philippines" than in China! LOL
GM ... We must recognize the great capacity we all have within. ~ Dalai Lama
thank you for the shout out. we are excited to be riding a new wave.
lol Good Morning to you too <3
I demolish my bridges behind me...then there is no choice but to move forward. - Firdtjof Nansen
Enjoyed your presentation on YouTube from "the other company's" tech conference. You always have great material. Come to ABQ soon
You doing yourself wrong, stop living in a fantasy,the world don't revolve around you
Oy, even getting ready for Copenhagen is expensive.
Do it!
I am putting together a webinar on historic photographs and their care and identification. I would welcome input and ideas.
cool, can't wait to have my glass of wine there in July
what questions do you have for about #youthprivacy, social media, and programs to educate young people about #privacy?
they didnt allow autographs :( i was going to have her sign my shirt :( n no other ppl did loll
WI GAB to certify all GOP recall elections including for Governor Scott Walker by March 30, then Primary on May 8 and June 5 for General.
How does one apply?
Pitt’s Katz School of Business and College of Business Administration Named Among Top ‘Military Friendly’ Schools for Third Consecutive Year
Thanks for joining us! Lotsa good juice indeed!
How excited I was getting talking on the phone with & about this weekend >>>
At Texas children hospital kid mad at his mom because he is short. Talking loud n rude to his mom. Needs a Slap
but my manager wont let me he says its a stupid idea
Does sTime know Zuckerberg's background and who he screwed to get that award? Who got paid off?
Another day@ the beach 68 st
the 99% only own 1% of the country's wealth but we still own 99% of the vote, and yet we do nothing, sit on our asses and complain.
Don't know about cold, but pain-yeah. Killed my lats w/24 sets of pyramid'd pulldowns. Hurt to put on deodorant. :p
I want something more and something different..
Safety Pins holding up the things, that make you Mine. <U+2665> About your hair you needn't care, you look Beautiful all the Time.
Agility is the new Stability
I'm with 4 guys at lunch. Three of the dudes are dads, who started this topic, are discussing breast feeding and it's culture. Too funny!
Due to the weather, we are CLOSED again today (Sunday). Sorry, everyone, we know how much you enjoy First Sunday. cc
hm... Learn something new every day
Fire chief reminds residents of rules for outdoor fires in city
ok i gotta ask, does coconut juice taste like the shredded coconut u get in stores??
I wanna goo home.
Our flaws are what make me and you so beautiful.
I'm still mad that the Salvatore brothers aren't Italian like they were in the books. Can you imagine Paul and Ian with light accents? *_*
I write because I want people to think about some things differently.
3rd run did score.
: great to see you sitting in front of me at #googleplus session! Gotta engage the #roots12!
Dead serious. Confession: I only took 1yr. of typing & flunked. Then dropped out of school in 9th grade. Mercy!
Thanks for the follow(: i followed you back(:
just realized I haven't been out to see the new place. How's it going?
Already missing the cast & crew. It's such an honor to be included with such a talented group of people. I'm grateful to all
how do you like Aweber?
after the beating he took on Boston radio yest. I would hope that jackass Henry tells him enough is enough with beating rivalry
Good point about modern interpretation. Appreciate the idea!
looking to speak with Reporters / Bloggers interested in Interviewing president of SoftInWay re: Turbomachinery Market Trends & Innovations
Did you become a Kylie fan/friend after 'Cut'?
RT : Thank god. Nothing says "we're here to protect you" like "if you record me doing my job I'll arrest you."
That brown sugar lovin' being brought to my door, what!
Florida after sunset is bliss.The heat is still baked in so anyone who leans against me jumps away like I just shocked them.
Won't you join us on instagram? Username: MarkShale.
Happy (almost) Anniversary!!
atheism is sweet
Find films, stage productions, concerts and poetry readings April 17-22 in Erie region
Thanks for the head's up!
Some things do not pass away. RT Just saw Tree of Life for the 4th time. Spectacular as ever. And only 2 walkouts!
about to go and relieve some stress
eHAt kind ofs sister are you not answrong my test!!!!
Just wanna sleep ~_~ z I hate bein sick.
Internet Tip: Don't read your old Facebook messages. If you're a younger person like me, the grammar and spelling will make you have a sad.
I mean....entertain me. Dang I can't even type correctly
Sorry for posting this so late, but the memorial service for Susie Mudd is being held today at 3 at Peaceful Alternatives, 2325 York Rd.
#follow follow meh
Ugh did he hit you specifically, too? Sorry :( Yeah I had to delete well over 100 jerky messages from him.
You spend the first 2 years of kids life teaching them to walk and talk. Then spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut-up.
Yep its me pary
Who is my fan? If u r Tweet me saying yes and I'll DM u my txt free number!!
...she goes extra hard!
On the moon with Steve.
use location services on iphone and request by lat/long. Using autoip on mobile is a privacy violation, and why it doesnt work
Imma be under the dryer for ever
I can't thank you guys enough. Very helpful.
Dude i know they make me feel all insecure and shit, :c like fuck i have flaws, but don't fucking point them out, i got chuu c:
...and equate that with fighting to see the Beatles when it'd be easier to just see the Swinging Blue Jeans. Isn't that your point?
The Justin beibers boy fans. Lmao get a life.
Spot our street team at Dupont Circle today and ask them about our special #EarthDay sign up deal!
Haven't tweeted in a week. It's 'cause I'm still eating leftovers.
Everybody on the shuttle put their seatbelt on. I don't really want to and now I'm getting the sideways looks.
greater wrong was at the vic, wasnt it?
It's crazy how I'm zipping through the songs on my iPod and when I come across a 1D song I just can't skip it.... #onedirection <3
Working my biz online today, drinking Earl Grey tea & eating cookies, it's my birthday today, I don't feel older, THANK GOODNESS for that...
Mark May you were right. It was a lopsided game, only WVU came out on top with the record for most points in a bowl game.
Another local favorite on the field - the Avon Marching Black and Gold.
I now officially luff you <3
I'm going to get so fucking lost, I don't know north addresses for shit lol
2:10 and am touching the Uptown Apple store. Shade gone, last 20 ft tough. 15 peeps to go. Line vibe tired. Come back Jimmy Johns.
not more historic.
time to make this math exam my bitch. oh and then I'm DONE WITH MATH FOREVER.
Thanks for the RT! Would love to hear your thoughts on the site.
Better Know A Buckeye: Jordan Hall | Our Honor Defend
My baby sis turned 22 today...shes grown up to be a nice lady. Where did the years go
Mr. Stark! How are you? Where are you?
you can pay at the door.. im sure you can find someone to bring you bro
#newtgingrich: "this is not a choice between #mittromney and #ronaldreagan"... Not a flowery endorsement, but supportive
Her gorgeous shakes me to the bone.
Yes, yes, YES! RT Start MOVING! Pretty self explanatory. In order to burn up the squish, you need to get your "engine" burning.
What a save by Lundqvist!
Thanks for the follow!
Has Obama said "Don't pay attention to the man behind the curtain" yet? They are causing the financial problem. Focus on your own talents
You too darling!!
thanks love
Thanks for the #FF!
Mucho gracias to for sponsoring this years #idea10 & the party last night. Thank you for your continued support.
Tom Hanks kept yelling at me in the halls today.
Followers you should follow this crazy ugly guy..he's crazy so follow him
uh, that didn't work out so well :)
Great job! :)
if you had more pictures like that I would read this A LOT more=-)
Love doesn't walk away... People do.
RT : Even a small amount of alcohol placed on a scorpion will make it go crazy and sting itself to death.
I would forward this to Samantha but I'm not allowed to know her twitter name. Thanks for the memories :-)
lol ya, my day has sucked balls. worst birthday ever
Also, you should check out right nextdoor after Pintxo. It's our sister bar, w/great cocktails & beer/wine list
Hannah, you are making a difference with your written words. Keep it up! #stopbullying listen to They Say on our youtube
and who still made more points? Shut up aahaha you are still dumb coach green
please follow Latoya! Bringing hope and joy to thousands of homeless children in Vegas!
my mom thinks.you're so cute hahaha :P
We will be in the mix all over the city this week. Hit us up for details.
It's going to be 77 here in Southern AZ. Great day to grill some CHICKEN! - Tucson Citizen It 's going to be 77 here in Southern AZ. Grea
its $10 but its food and drank and slides and stuff*were at?
So the only arbitrator in MLB history to overturn a suspension gets fired? Way to promote a culture of fairness
I usually serve a fruity white with my tomatoes actually. we'll have to have you over during the harvest.
Does EVERYTHING Altuve does have to be prefaced by 'although he's a small guy...' FOREVER?
damn, nice seats Steve!
She'll / he'll use you like a paper plate. Eat off you & thro you in the trash.
I'm so full
Had a goodnight on Skype with the babe. Hope his dog will be ok when he takes her to the vet tomorrow. Off to bed soon.
I have the best landlady. She just brought by some almonds and cookies to have with my tea. Perfect for this weather.
. & his charm + competitive fire will lead to a title for the LA Dodgers sooner than later. Guy one of great leaders ever.
I shall have more experiences and pass many more milestones
Heading to the gym shortly. EXCITED for the changes I'll be seeing over the next few weeks!
my aunts live in Decatur- it's such a fun place!
Well at least she/he was a man of his word! BTW- at least the pan is 14" instead of 16" like the thin :)
It's too early in the series to talk about Keyon Dooliing.
thanks for following both accounts. Between the two, there should be something to inform/entertain.
- Comon man - Don't encourage him - ego is big enough already
oh ok cool thanks! I was wondering how other gov people were getting around that
really awesome! I kind of LOVE it.
selena yuh an amzin actor singer i luv yuh yur my idol my role my whole world it wil lmake my dream come true if yuh followed ^
Trying to choose a reading for this long weekend, any recommendation?
you're the bomb!!!!
that may be a fact :)
Well pardon me! And what a fine looking dog you are :) Will you accept my apology of beaucoup de treats next time you're in WA?
You haven't lived until you've died in California!
getting a political lesson in Spanish.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
i went to your concert here in sd;) it was supercool!!! Rt #maaayyybbbeee??
Happy Valentines Day <3
yet holding on....hope you are well.
Oh ok, I totally understand. U don't mind if I copy and paste that cause it was nothing but truth...
received and spread the word?? I want it to be big!
Jesus made me crave Olive Garden's bread -_______- now I want some ctfuu ^.^
Down for day one . Is a life time achievement in its own . That goes out to you homeboys ! Keep the music alive !
its been the first time i heard u guys sing and ur awesome i like the justin bieber boyfriend one
How Did Angel Die? :( And iM So Sorry
Thanks for the retweet!
It's very nice of you to retweet me! Austin and the gang were over the moon! best wishes, Stuart
it was my first bar was amazing :)
RT : Our very own was named one of the top 10 advertising icons of the decade! Thanks, !
Houston, Tx all day everyday
Calipari on next yr "For some reason we’ll be ranked very high again .. I don’t know if they do that to get me or make it hard on our kids."
RT Is spinning with a head cold a bad idea? I'm choosing to believe exercise when sick is a good thing.
I want my laptop charger to come in the mail... why is hong kong so far away? :(
“: Major Payne never gets old” One TubbyTubby..... Two Tubby Tubby....
Maybe ask Mellon. *Excellent* technical resumes from ladies in their CS program this week for
RWers think being gay is a preference. Maybe they think being poor & uneducated is a choice, too?
Don't forget your incredible beer. Want. Want so much...
nice avatar u put it together?
Was just told by another woman that she (really) thought I was in my late twenties. She is now my favorite person.
our pleasure. Keep us in mind for your next event. We will return the favor of course ;)
do you think the NFL would be able to come to a agreement before time is up
Another million dollar green roof project bid went out this week. Wish they would give us more time on these giant RFP's. 2013 will be busy!
Who has guitars on their Christmas list? #This Christmas
will u plz #follow me for my birthday i love u so much & want u to know that me and the other #Mahomies r proud of u <3
really fucking funny. It's almost funny as 1. But I like this one a lot case you know them already and shit just gets good.
Absolutely! Congrats on the award it was a great event!
San Antonio is so beast !!!(:
you know what they say.. "all serial killers come from wisconsin"
I'm not. But it's rather infuriating to see young women leaders "leaving before they leave." (As Sheryl Sandberg suggests.)
ik... but the good newes is we Burried them in there grave
No one and I mean no one should be homeless. There is so much wealth in this beautiful World of ours
#excited RT : In case you forgot, NFL playoffs are on tomorrow: Bengals at Texans @ 3:30pm; Lions at Saints @ 7pm.
There is no appropriate time to use the ^=^ emoticon. Unless you're a texting duck. I'll refrain from tweeting about bread crumbs anyway.
H.O.E.S - "HAPPILY OFFERING EVERYBODY SEX"
I told her you have a nice ass!
tell her they sting so that no one will hurt them. for protection.
Magical Midway tonight! ^_^
You have a grand total of 2 tweets.
“: This should be open because it's civil rights... this is the nineties.”
Arrived in Vale, OR last night. Phew! I've been walking each day since Madras! That's a long haul! Staying here 2 nts then into Idaho!
Havent been on this in a while.
jionni is going to get jealous..
good good! You?
That's awesome! I play any type of games Horror, sports, shooters, RPG, puzzle, Open-World etc. ;)
Thank you so much for the mention, but in order for me to send you your free song, you need to follow me so I can dm it to you
While it is cold that still wont stop me from drankn a frozn margarita!!
RT : Success is not a solo act. To get from here to where you want to go, you need other people.
Pshhhh nah man, I love you more
How chill??? So chill
"I'm not the average girl from your video, I ain't built like a super model, but I learned to <U+2764> myself unconditionally because I am a queen"
I think you both have a lot of great information and great ideas. I thought it might not hurt to connect!
Keeping a smile on your face, When inside you feel like dying, for the sake of supporting others, ...means strength
Want to congratulate one of our future Huskies on winning a state title today is his second title game appearance. We are proud of you.
Rumor has it that Leyland is in house Section 108 has seeds for ya Jim.
I weighed in and gained 1.5 lbs.
o fun
I will now...thanks for the tip!
I wanna wave hello to my new fans!!! =) thanx for the <3 n support!!
Shot Chug
There were some clueless, confused, brainwashed drivers on the road today. Must be tourists here from North Carolina :-)
NEVER GOT THE CHANCE TO SEE 106&PARK WHEN WAS ON.. #WONDERING. SEEN ER ON UTUBE DOING HER THANG! FREESTYLES GOHARD!
- what's up with that, Megan?
ha wait.. Are you saying I don't have a heart
#Brewers and #Heat loss...smh :-(
NEW ENGLAND DEF/ST CURRENT DEFENSE AND SPECIAL TEAMS
Some Game
I can get you a ride to my house...? That's about the best I can do.
1960s legend Jimmy Cliff covering Ruby Soho, Bob Dylan, and The Clash on his new EP? If it can't help you though the workday nothing can..
Had an awesome trip to Cali this weekend. We're looking forward to writin new tunes and playin more shows in the very near future.
the words of encouragement are well needed.
tell me what you know 'bout them night terrors. nothin'.
By all means feeling exhausted.
You got some sick shit too Girl! Wheres ya credit at??;)
thanks for the RT Mike. | What a day - again! This summit seriously rocks!! :)
While at the Winter Farmers Market check out the NFL Super Bowl Indy car on stage next door at the Palladium.
My roommate always has visitors, no one ever comes to see me :(
Then get ready to be extra confused/annoyed by "owling." I'd like to start a fad, called "reading".
- God know what's his doing .. Ah why em I forced to do this Joel why >_< okay fine ill do it :D lol
come home please. You are missed.
advertising Nike shoes :)
Will be w/ Baroody cousins Friday night Mt. Vernon any plans to check out ?
oh my GOD, Karen you just can't go around asking people why they're white.
"Go where your audience is. It's not about the platform; it's about the people." Sloane Scott
There's just certain ppl u can't deal with
What cameos can we anticipate at big bash on Sunday?..
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 48
that looks yummy
LMFAAAOOOO ! Daddy Blaze doe .
Unfortunately, that will always be the case. There's plenty of us around town to befriend though.
Did anyone hear us on 92.3's Nola Rocks last night?
I love the fact that Nick says he smells good! Lol I want to know what smell. :D
“: thank you coach you are the best ...I thank GOD for you!!!!” Thank you for being a true blessing in my life
Now that's grown folk talk! AND VERY SWEET! Peace. : )
Great night here at Fairmont hotel and for a great cause
First half - Quad Squad 167 Res Dolls 120
Blood of my Blood! MOSLEY!!!
Rachel crow was fantastic!...
It's my friend Steph's birthday, so I either wanted to do an assorted cupcake tier or a cake for her on Saturday.
yes juju cakes :)
Working on more new material. Song called "Freedom" It's a jam for sure.
i like it it a god show
Oxy mo: barely dressed
Now we're moving, best supporting comedy actor is Ty Burrell of Modern Family -- an early sweep.
Soupy talks alot of shit on his friends in like every song
Looking forward to checking out Il Mulino tonight.
YOu're expecting a feedback form for ChemSpider Mobile? Leave the comments on here for me and
Oh and "amazeballs"!!!!!! WTF?! Shame on you eonline...shame.
"I don't have a dirty mind... I have a sexy imagination."
#wheneverimbored repeat silly phrases to my self like "chicks with dicks"
It's one of the "add a Bogost 'How to Do Things' chapter" finals. My idea was tragedy in games, but I'm going to have to back up.
ur back ground pic ugly ...... bitch stop playn wit me
Love it. To be fair, though, the origin of the quote is from philosopher Edmund Burke. But, I'll still enjoy the props.
You're mean. :o
I don't
I am so excited and feel very lucky you two will be there on May 19!
just did it.
#HONORED, thanks!
thinks in Takei
Over 300 submissions so far today for the Crimson Music Video shoot. Director- assistant director- ThirteenE
Walking down the street im tired of driving
I miss
Feelin a Triple Crown this year
That is correct! I big #ShoutOut to the US Cellular crew on the West side!
Awesome!!! :D
It is not a coincidence that BElieve in YOUrself has a shorter message hidden within it....BE YOU! Today, I strengthen my belief in myself.
absolutely have not.
Do I want to know? "If you or someone you know is good with cymbals, can keep a secret, and doesn't ask a lot of questions, please intro me
Kickin' it in Little Rock.
Taking bets if I make it back to DC tonight.. Anyone?
Somethings gotta give.
This has got to be the most amazing story of the year, thank goodness all of the miners are out safe and sound!
!! TONIGHT !! NEW FRIDAY NIGHT PARTY @ MANGO MARTINI IN MIAMI LAKES!!! FREE PATRON SHOTS FOR ALL MY LADES..!!!
But how am I supposed to know you're not a Cylon?
must stay away from twitter. No HBO and too many #trueblood spoilers. Dammit.
2pac, Biggie, Andre 3000, Big L, Max B, Kanye West, Ice Cube, Jadakiss, Lauryn Hill, Gemini's make make good rappers
when i'm married my husband will have to put up christmas lights all over the yard! i love christmas time!
Rumors are everywhere. Will Virginia seced? I pray for the country.
So I ask an old lady today how she was doing and she reponds "wet"...so not fuckin kool man lmaoo
Happy Mother's Day! Bring her in today and get a free appetizer!
Tomorrow: phase 1 of moving! Fingers crossed the plan goes off without a hitch.
SO DEPRESSED im not going to summer jam to see :'(
yeah that's good stuff. Always have some when we're up for Cardinals games
Let's hear from you, Morehouse alums! After you make your gift today, send a Tweet and let the world know!
Really hope when I go to game 5 I don't see the last game of the flyers season!!
Look like I'm crashing the Senior Breakfast!! Muhahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
"My heart bursts its banks, spilling beauty and goodness. I pour it out in a poem to the King, shaping the river into words." Psalm 45:1
RT : RT : The best relationships are those that just happen naturally. :)
I'm so bored
Half a day into the tournament & my bracket ranks 5,662,294 on ESPN
Lol@ Kobe getting "sick" at least once every year in the playoffs
tala :)) like my name follow me backk
of course, email me at Thanks!
#ThatDepressingMoment when you realize people really think that a #Romney Presidency could actually make the country better.
Ugh this hair lady is sassy
Can see the astroid 2005 YU55 from my house. Looks like a bright star, and moving fast.
Wow, that is awesome! I think I'll get one for my little Nikon.
“: Thank you for bringing even more soul to Urayasu Girl!! You nailed the chorus!!” Easy 2do w such sweet song
We miss you. :(
;) thanks, lady!
*sigh* Ok, ok. You're probably right.
Guest room *might* get used twice a year... but it just seems weird to have both in the same space.
you make everything better. I love you.
Come Visit Our New Selections.
RT : #TabernaDelAlabardero #Washington in collaboration with #DeMaisonSelections celebrates the Basque Country Month....
feeling good thanks to my
Congrats, Jon!
Great to see 2 NYC Turing fellows at #startup2011, perfect way to kick off their startup summers in NYC! Thanks
Its about to be on and poppin
We need someone to oversee protocol to avoid these embarrassing events.
WHAT'S TOMORROW?!!!??? (freaking FRIDAY) So, G'Night everyone...Survive one more day. xD Ba bye.
Watched the musical Les Miserables for the 1st time. Saddened by its resemblance to current events. "Can You Hear The People Sing..."
#producer is the new black
I stubbed my toe earlier.
Beliebers Are Excited For Boyfriend..yeah! :D.
Studio went well. Been a long day
Let's go we making move out here AngelGE video of show coming soon
Lets Go Caps!
The kiddo is making up superheroes -- I think she might have something with Spiderbatman.
Oh hey, nice bra.
I do think folks forget how damn dominate his was b4 baseball - Kobe,Bron, etc still diff level
Not knowing when the dawn will come, I open every door. - Emily Dickinson. Rise and shine, yogis!
Plenty of time to vote! Head to the polls next 24 minutes! Questions? Call 1-866-OUR-VOTE
If obama is half white and half black do we have "it" in black and white?
omg i hate rachel #somethingborrowed predicting the movie with
#Butcher, Side Jobs. noir urban fantasy shorts featuring wizard Harry Dresden, plus a novella set after Changes that cracks open the door.
I like this.
Feature release. I've got nothing. How lovely.
Great photo!
party party party tonight ?!
nice imagery
listenin to Rich Forever. The mixtape is crazy!!!!!!!!!!! Can't wait for the new album
OchoCinco/Shaq and other wealthy ppl drive them to show off their wealth
looks like it's going to be heatin' up around here, Pittsburgh!
Pictures of James Franco from the graduation on tumblr = me throwing a fit.asdfghjkl,ugh :c
A tweep was recently mentioning a new book on Tesla they were reading… sadly, i lost the note of which book (& which person).
I really don't boyfriend-JB...it's kinda dumb and just blehh.
work till 6 then music later on.
say main.. That barrel has a hole in it. I don't even risk them anymore. We need to show up on Brice and get a space.
Long hair don't care. I'm letting my mane grow!! Wahhooo!!
Hey can you follow my personal twitter? I made this one for Lauren & Carrie fans :)
Lil ass nugget chasing me.
whelp ill never get those 2:39 back..
Good morning tweeple
I didn't even realize this was happening. SO excited!
My main present were boots and then I got some cash and some stocking stuffers and jewelry..wht did u get?!
Enjoyed your Magic of Doing One Thing at a Time article!
Watching the lion king
What a Duck needs in gardening is a cast-iron back, with a hinge in it. #replaceawordinafamousquotewithduck - Charles Dudley Warner
actually would be kindof awesome to have multi-player augmented reality games with these
we killed it, that was the most productive half hour convo ever!
we both do...itll come
Do you think things?
all right, let's touch base Monday and see what we can do! Cheers
Lets get it!
why are you there then? Lol
Somehow I don't think many people knew about the word "segue" until the Segway came along.
thanks for the RT. Looking forward to seeing you at
Son is staying hydrated at his baseball game with Pineapple ...much better than Gatorade!
So...many...tiny...sandwiches...
Hitting the weights <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA> #VickSounds got me in the zone
THIS IS LOVELY!
Happy birthday to !
Really well! So much fun!!
Gotta love Mamie she bought me a braclet for me!! (:
Drive safe!!
ooh! That'd be awesome! I think the last time a #spokane act was at was in 08?
#nowplaying Always Attract - You Me At Six.<3
Ready to get the day started!
please check the WP Austin meetup for a message from me
Dear sleep, quit playing hard to get
Just want to add how excited we are to offer bands the full spectrum of mobile marketing - web, apps, and marketing campaign tools.
I refuse to believe that won't somehow be involved.
How do you add "chispa" to your business?
love the trailer. will i see you at tonight?
Much love family! RT : Happy birthday shoutout one time for the homie !!! Enjoy your day bro!
Gearing up for the holidays!
Thx & for the mom's day shout-outs; better than I got frm my kids ;-( Hope you had a gr8 day! Have a good week
#ImCashingOut #JaeSwag sounds out of breath, tied-tongued and nervous, but I like that song!!! That's my jam!
The beginning is always today. Today IS the first day of my life.
#DarrenFordIsSoFast he makes the Ford GT look like a soap box car!
Parenting is a rollercoaster ride, isn't it?
My vagina, not yours
awww, you are very brave!
Opened LONG $USDJPY @ 83.405; 5% of the community volume is trading the USDJPY with sentiment 26% SHORT
Someone come massage my feet and back. Please?
I wish!! Lol ill settle for roundup.
O shoot, my stripper song is on the jukebox
alright fer sure sweetheart see ya tomorrow morning <3
The new Nissan quest looks strange, like a stretched out flex. Odd shape for a minivan. Just saying.
knowing you don't.
I'm going on my break, but it's been great chatting with you all!
there used to be a personal one: the McBee Keysort system!
The #Arts celebrate our #culture,create economic opportunities,#educate our citizenry&enhance our lives.Pls take time to
woo! :) great album!
There was so many damn attractive guys at cornyval <3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRLY! :)
I hate you all. Goodnight
We are booking the band! Stay tuned to find out where you can see us! What country songs would you like to see covered???
Now Yakov's dinner show!
enjoy life
HoeLies #60: I like your beard.
Happy Mother's Day to my mom, my sister, & all mothers out there. Enjoy your day...
i used ask.fm to ask miley a couple questions and she freaks out at least who ever was there that is.if it was here.
holy shit today was amazing, I just spent a lot of money. I always do at bamboozle though.
time will tell. This has turned into a bit of a sh*t show one must admit.
I did for Photoshop but the 3D work I'm doing is RAM-intensive :-)
When I'm on my deathbed, am I going to be saying, "I wish I'd eaten fewer cookies"? Hell no I'm not.
Maybe I should go to the gym...not sleeping anyways
just saw Lockout. Pierce makes that movie. had a terrible cg chase scene but other than that i had a fun time. he had me laughing through
Wordd we out say no more and
Guess I should get ready for bed cause I know the dog and boy will have me up at 7am!!
with my chargers! haha.
I wish ESPN played more of their classic NFL Draft music. Should be injected throughout the show.
I am a plus-sized girl myself, so when I found Lara, a
Amar'e and Fields have to go after this season. Not sure if we can accomplish that, but would be nice.
really...O_o...jus like that huh. Blowin the toilet bowl up huh lol
Cats think we smell like aliens. Thoroughly enjoying a food coma now, and yes - again soon.
(Even though it's probably the simplest one around ...)
Comedy album comin soon
Pray for me. We are going to look for a prom dress
Watching #friends good night <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
It was what it was.
Cool - thanks! Looking forward to connecting
Lolol of COURSE not. But there are still SO many places to pass out in that have yet to be photographed!!!
If it ever improved, people might expect something more out of it than creepy stalkers and busted-ass shit.
I'm known to be controversial.
minus the exams!
All please check your twitter accounts. Getting DM about posted pictures. You may have been hacked.
Cool. Been reading Galloway's Protocol, and thinking more that we should do an edited volume on the return of the Early Modern.
All the bugs need to die.
Or apathy. Whatever. RT : and yo, i grew up in houston. we lost the oilers. we just did it with dignity.
Thanks for RTs!
where you get ur tickets from ticketmaster??
Anyone want to buy a 5th of whiskey? It is full
no kidding! It is quite annoying.
down the hall!
SUB SUB SUB!! #yeahbuddy this class just got 100 times better!!
is me
I agree. I think it is the best movie I've seen all year (and I see a lot of them.)
Lmfao At College Road Trip's Ending >>>
And woman.
I befriend the open minded, learn with the willing, and terrify the ignorant, and this is when I'm silent LOL
where at in ohio?
O gotta new fone!!!! And number haha
La Tasca in gallery place started happy hour early!
IN NEED OF A FREAK WHO LOVE TO RIDE D!CK
Great session currently running on hybrid and online teaching at Baruch NVC 14-240. #socialmedia. How can we make teaching better w/SM?
And so it is...another
#10FactsaboutMe I'm not one to trust others quickly.
I want a bumpersticker says fuck my grandkids hand me my .99 cent hamburger
Thanks, Nick. But that hurts: I'm a Patriots fan. (Lived for 40 years in Boston.)
Looking forward to playing Atlas Eclipticalis in my #popcon paper tomorrow. These pop music nerds won't know what hit them.
A couple of thousand dollars *at most*. RIM has one valuable asset - BBM. But Blackberries are an endangered species.
You're Flyers fans?!!!
I wouldn't hate school so much if it didn't start around the same time I go to bed.
Maybe you r lol
I discovered a new benefit for working virtually: no one has to know how snivelly and sick I am. Unless I tweet about it.
Yay that made me smile
Heading to whole foods..
ABDC is my favorite show ever! <3
Good morning all! Gettin ready to jump in my Sunday routine and get ready and go to church! God is so good!!!!! :)
Hey, thanks brother!!!
Agree completely... ...and if you aren't sure, just ask....'cause they'll tell you
twwwwww you're not thorough son lol chill
Giving opens the way to receiving.
It's a crime to go inside on such a day. A crime.
Needed --> 1998 Honda Civic Coupe w/ Black body.. Will pay ANYTHING hahahah ..
RT : Police confirm fatal three car accident at Chicago road and Barbara court
why thanks!
It would be funny if CC's policy director was, in fact, a cord reflecting light at 510nm
Looking like a new woman feels like you've been blessed twice.
PODS® is always looking to join local events, if you have an event coming up awe would love to help, let us know!
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. ~ A. A. Milne
If it was easy there would be no value to it
Great start!
and saving my day right now with this track #BeBraveGoOn Get that album!
Jeremy Lin drinks Pedialyte in between timeouts. Hey Pedialyte...get on it!
Great meeting you at RailsConf! Hope to meet up whenever I check out San Fran!
Lmao RT : IT'S GONNA RAIN! MOTHER ACTUALLY LOVED HER GIFT!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> she usually returns everything
my family has found group texting
6 foot 7 foot is he most annoying song EVER.
My first educause is about to start...
#SignsYoureAtAHoodProm you went to my school
Remember, it's normal.
sissy left for college yesterday ='(...good thing she'll be home friday for work
Remembering 9/11/01 and all the brave individuals lost 10 years ago.
": When boys are there to support you, even if everyone else is doubting you."
Kurt Thomas to sign with blazers... Good Defender/Rebounder/Winner
i need to not go in that order next year lol
There, still mad?
so you're going??
You were born at the end of the month because your father looked hot at the beginning of the month
Thomas More Blue Rebels ‘Seal ’ Men ’s Ring Size 10 1/2 – Sterling Silver Jewelry
Do any of these words appear in your bio: Hair, Beauty, Makeup, Nails, Skin? You need to follow and connect with !
Felt out of place though in my swim shorts
If you don't get #Troma channel on Comcast, tell "I Want My Troma!"
Got a problem with me ? Solve it. Think I'm trippin ? Tie my shoes. Can't stand me? Sit down. Can't face me? Turn around.
Mother is still talking to my sister on MY phone. Every other phone in this house is dead..
also registered = reputation concerned. So check B, trade orgs, state SOS, & for 501c3 if they claim non-profit.
the thought of gettin married in 2 & 1/2 months honestly blows my mind!
On the way to New Orleans. Excited to work again at the Final Four. Always a busy couple of days but very enjoyable.
The one time I saw George Karl at a basketball clinc someone asked him about rebounding drills. He said they don't work on rebounding.
~ I adored your Mommy blog post. Now I'm all sentimental. :)
That would be super spicy
OMG. Catfight on the #cnndebate Perry asked question about uninsured kids in TX and he attacks Romney on immigration!! Clowns!!
my teachers a good physics teacher. Come to my class hell help you understand it! (:
« Goodluck !!! :D» agh thanks mamas i will be a major nervous mess!.
ewwwww... Dino you are not making any of the sense
Thanks for the tweet!
Why do I always feel energetic at this time
The world will soon be engulfed by 's lips and we will burrow beneath his rancid tongue.
You guys are awesome! Zoe is beautiful, and we are so happy for you!!! Babywatch updates can now be o's & ah's :)
#FF thxs and welcomes new follows Move your way!
ohh for sure
great event. Hope it was a success.
Lovely wine tasting at #MillbrookWinery! They also sell Selyem Williams, most sought after Pinot Noir.
Wow, Michigan State just looks like a lot better team than the Badgers. Another potential Final Four team for Izzo?
Hi!!! :) My birthday was last week...could I maybe get a late Happy Birthday? #405daysuntilIseeyou :))))
Couldnt agree more.
what's that?
Now crossing over the Mason Dixon, we have Savannah....creating some moisture and blowing down everything in her path.
sending prayers and best wishes to you and your lovely daughter Paige
Remember to get out an vote tomorrow!
Booking more and more bands. Look out for us on the tracks a lot more this summer.
Let's see where this path takes us tonight?
word. I suddenly started drawing the W like crazy lately lol back to our roots
WHEN MY FRIENDS DISCOVER THAT I HAVE GUM They Go ZOMBIE MODE
GIVE A 100% IN ALL YOU DO
#youthviolence Valerie jarrett in America how can we let young people's lives end before they get started?
I hate state nicknames.
Getting a haircut today to be ready for
Haha hey i was just trying to help him out
It's best to ride the horse in the direction it's going. Life gets easier when you drop the resistance and find your flow!
Thanks bro! We really appreciate that! Were working hard to get our name out there :)
thank you too :)
6 DAYS LEFT! - we could use a kick this weekend! $340 to get to $12,000...Plz - getting lots of support look fb.me/NX6DFapH
what u think about doin that sample 15 track for a show
Alera ALEMC343722CR Wire Mail Cart In Chrome Secure Ordering
Thing I just said: I don't need to 'find myself.' I know who I am and what I want.
AT LEAST.
Towards Broad or towards the park?
Congrats to our orchestra for a stunning side-by-side performance at Belzer earlier this evening!
what ya Coming to NJ or by for=)
haunted house and maybe a bit of drinking tonite... should be fun ^^
Serious business over here! :D
Don't think for a moment that I'm really like any of the characters I've played. I'm not. That's why it's called 'acting'.
I changed my name!
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it. e_e
Watching some and #1G5GTEENS is pretty amazing... wish I saw this when I was a kid
Someone send me some S/O's please lol
I'd also like to add that's the reason we did the reverse to David Reed. Best ball handling I've seen since Desmond Howard.
"Willie Mays Hayes" from Major League is my team name in most #fantasybaseball leagues this year
This is a must for any book lover or art junkie: Used Book Sale from the MAM's library! Milwaukee Art Museum March 1-4 during museum hours!
you're not too far from la?
Ed, you need to get back on here and give your climbing fans an update. Going to Everest base camp in April. Reading K2 now. Eric
Tasting is believing..I have to take him out for a classy cocktail! (Oh and not call it Corpse Revival.)
Law & Order SVU Marathon>>>
welcome to la la land - what course you playing tomorrow?
My first official press release will be released online tomorrow! Whoohoo!
My mom made cupcakes.. She's trying to torture me
oh yeah, you have bball?
So has convinced me to move to #California with him! #LetsGo!
I want to see delicious game seven tears in New York and South Florida.
HAPPY 2012!! Hope this Year is even more Amazing for you! ;-)
thank you for sharing it! :)
A 2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere
ENKG... Rumors have it that news will be released tomorrow!!!
Convo turns to privacy: and from : give users privacy control, I don't want to send them content they don't want"
- Julia/Schmoolia.What about me? Is this a new war on men?
Oregon football will play 2012 opener as scheduled
The North Carolina GOP primary isn't until May, so we're considering getting our Mango Sorbet froyo on the ballot. I mean, why not?
What's your favorite movie that features a librarian?
Dude seriously, leave me alone, you keep saying you're done so be done! Stop calling, stop texting, YOU SCREWED UP, remember that.
but the bitches tho....
I definitely hear that!
Seattle School Board election preview - The Seattle Times
Always going for the sluts 'cause yolo, right?
I heard he was supposed to be on episode 7 or something like that, but he will be on a #ninelivesofchloeking episode
And here I was worried there'd be fewer ginned-up bursts of outrage over nothing this election cycle.
- yow just reach home i was chill with my boy at school
cant wait to see our babe : )
RT : GetGlue is more than just TV, though. Movies, books, music. I use it mainly for TV.
who knows, maybe we are turning into a couple of curmudgeons. =)>
This Geography final is on 221 pages (seven chapters) from a Geography textbook
Yeah #pdiddy wins for
If all of the GTA characters fought each other, who would win? Our money is on Tommy Vercetti because he'd just go awol.
Hey , I haven't seen you in 10 days. Im sure you look SO different.
Tim Duncan is a beast. How they hate on him and the spurs
Ok. It is really weird how to explain how i feel right now. Like fml. But wtf? idk. bah. wtf. lmao.
Thanks for the RT :)
Who wants a Shoutout ? :)
for sure ... Just let me know when and where
Ray Allen went up so soft on that layup. Didn't deserve a foul going up like that.
Just because we're not studio mates anymore doesn't mean we don't have to talk.
Oh! I forgot the fry part! He is just now getting his ring!! Hello Cougar alert! U-S-H-E-R... HAHAHA!
Cool - programmed DVR remotely (for Arsenal v Chelsea) and it appears to have worked. Unfortunately, a draw, but still...
No one comes to you by accident. There is no such thing as coincidence. Nothing occurs at random. Life is not a product of chance.CWG
Bring your mothers out to with tonight! 18+ to party, first 98 people in FREE!
Chinese food is always a good pick-me-up.
& Those who bought the , get 20% when you book your 2nd appt on the same day, now thru end of August! Call 617-227-5499 for appt.
Our client has two PAID summer internships in the web/mobile marketing group. Hit me up for the details if you're interested!
Have a great weekend doing whatever it is you love most!
They're so big! Aint nobody got time for that!
There's nothing quite like the NFL Draft is there. Exciting times
*coughs* tuna salad? Really? Really?
YOU'RE CHILDISH
is to funny!! i was gonna say aww!
drugs are bad mmmkk
things just got easier for your #CELTICS with #DerrickRose out. That being said......
Greetings twitters!!!`
The #childsupport system sucks. I'm due $7000, #benchwarrant out for his sorry ass & no one will due a damn thing about it.
Hey Zach!!! It's been a very long time since we've spoken! do you still remember me? does Blackout ring a bell? haha
is gunshot in a Trinidad accent ?
:( on the brightside, check out pic from sock monkey site on fb. almost as cool as my sock monkey wearing the pens shirt and helmet.
The believer increasingly experiences the ecstasy and grandeur of spiritual socialization with the eternal realization of the divine destiny
16 more LIKES to go for 200!
Okay, thanks. Been racking my brain trying to figure out what mmpotd stood for. I came up with some crazy stuff
Watching the fit &nd health channel;
": We met <U+2192> We talked <U+2192> We liked <U+2192> We dated <U+2192> We committed <U+2192> I loved <U+2192> You cheated <U+2192> We’re done <U+2192> You're deleted."
Thanks for the ReTweets everyone!
Everyone needs to temper their enthusiasm about Marshall going to the Bears. It's the Bears people. Mushin Muhammed said it best. Con't
The Brewers play the Twins in Minnesota today with a scheduled start time of 7:30 PM CT.
Everyday is a classroom - everybody you meet is teaching you something bad or good.
everybody tries 2 bring those down that are on top. No words r needed let ur play speak. Archie is the next big thing
Successful study group with & Sophie <3
lucky wen I was there I didn't see anyone lol
Just realized it was Friday
I wouldn't pretend to tell you we don't pay our lawyers well.
Mobile plan trolleys make moving large numbers of plans around your working environment easy.
RT : If you've wanted to read 'Blood Meridian' but haven't had time, look into Michele Bachmann's eyes on the cover of Newsweek.
Shelter, fire, water, food, and hygiene. People never prepare for hygiene , my go kit has plenty of hygiene stuff in it. Does yours?
Portal 2 is only $6 today on Steam. There's no excuse to not play one of the best vidja games ever.
Pedro Alvarez now 1 for 25 with 13Ks. Only hit was a homer.
its meant to be! (;
Happy #Friday, #Pittsburgh!
nancy grace will never own that shes wrong, and no matter how many times she manipulates the truth shes 99.9 percent wrong.
When we get a time machine, I am going to use it for comparative historical accent studies. (Also, mini mammoth watching.)
Rep. Steny Hoyer (D-Md.): The Dow has doubled since March '09. Many Dems have shied away from using this Wall St.-related talking pt.
I absolutely love you I cant wait to see you at extreme rules tonight I'm gonna be rooting for you!
Anyone want to come with me to see E. Faye Butler at Centerstage on Friday? I've got one extra ticket.
Visit me awesome site for creative Artists'!!!
City of Warren is nice I'm glad we moved out here no hood shit out here I can relax and just do me nobody bothering me no drama
About to see #BeatsRhymesAndLife. "We're on an award tour..."
Tell Steve hi from me!
<--- looking good!
Follow Friday
no.. Lolz. People r so funny.
lol Lik Are Dey Going To Be I'm A Show Or Some
matt, need to connect with you re: JCP. Can you send me email or #?
I love President Obama's swag. Dude is like the coolest man on Earth.
Hope your registrars don't see those bugs ;)
u r welcome! Yes, it definitely brings things into perspective.
Thanks for coming out tonight ! You were a bomb panel person. Always fun!...to be continued until the ritas.
I ruined everything today. Great.
Mac mini hooked up to the stereo at home. Cats are a bit freaked out from all the newfound bass.
Eating ice cream for lunch because
does anyone else find it ironic that facebook has a twitter account?
#fukushima Why is melt-down bad? Is it because all fuel becomes 1 lump, unseparated by moderators? Couldn't floor be shaped to prevent this?
Passion is a good thing RT: <U+FFFC> None, but people of strong passion are capable of rising to greatness.”
thanx new friend..u da best!!!!
and if its bad...BAM there's the problem!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> RT : I think someone slipped a roofie in my drink last night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
We are still a net importer of gas, mostly from Algeria.
Every institution has to come to grips with globalization.
“: My buddy would like you to remember you can still order "Will To Win" at Makes a great doorstop.” lol fd up man
Dad pisses me off! Can't stand him. Wish I had a normal father daughter relationship with him.. Guess that's too much to ask for.
It's #ferrisbueller weather today in Chicago. Sunny. Perfect
thanks for following
Thanks for the follow! I'm a BK grad!!
Pssst! We have a special limited edition topping at our Harvard Sq location! CINNAMON TOAST CRUNCH cereal.
Wow clean sheets in the bunk makes a huge difference.
Now talking with Jennifer Griffin & husband Greg Myre about their book "This Burning Land" with www.radiokolamerica.com
Thank you. Relieved it's over!
Where's Sean Tracy when you need him...
gahhhh we JUST ported!!! I cant wait to jump into your arms!!!!!!!!
The grind dont stop even after u make it to the top.
well i didn't know there was an abyss but im assuming that's pretty freakin far. :)
Super anchor!
A tweet from NYC on my new Samsung - should make Twitter a snap!
Happy Friday everyone!! Be happy & feel bless to see this day bcuz someone out there probably just took their last breath.
Finally taking a break after 5 days of "Server in crisis" work!
good luck!
Yes it is a good thread. Link took me to a blog re Alex Haley. I also need to learn about 'tiny url';
I like you!
Kindsa Detroit Redwingsish? you thought you had those red wings teams on the ropes they hit another gear.. like Roger Federer
Don't be talking when I'm talking you better mute it! Lol
RT : RT : RDF-xml is pretty terrible. Turtle better in every conceivable way, except harder integration into non-SW stacks.
Thanks George Clooney for your sacrifice and attention to the evil that is taking place in the
The more people tell me to calm down, I get more angry
Coach Crymes is my new favorite coach! Lol
yea i do
HAHAHAHAH - Oh good times. - This leaves me on a great note before I go to bed!!!
i folllowedd :D
have you figured this out yet??
We have snow!
I'm going to sleep... Night everybody :)
Looks like my Feb. 5th 10pm show just got a lot less hectic at least.
What u do when you got 7days to move out? ...Go N's Get It n that #AceHood voice #Bumpin heavy
Installed a bar code reader app on my iPod Touch and am having an inordinate amount of fun scanning things in the pantry.
The last time we played Texas in a doubleheader was April 9th, 2011. We split 5-0 and 1-13
Dana's wish list: #3. Jobs, opportunities, endeavours, projects, whatever you like to call them, for everyone who needs and wants them.
Eh, it's overrated.
Have a fun, safe trip !! Xoxo
Drinking whiskey and talking with librarians! Libraries aren't about books, there about spaces, a-holes!
You just never know what life will hand you when you wake up in the morning
is a sucky person, she ignores her boyfriend all day. On a flipside I've had a good day and a got a cover for my phone.
yeah so is everybody else
it rains in San Francisco?
Whoa! I had no idea. You & Jace are on to something: the tech bubble is clustering up for the pop, for realz.
What u givin me the sad face for?
Me: "I think we should just throw them into the water off the boat" : "it would be wrong not to throw shamu back in the ocean"
Looks like / / / & dig us this week, hit them back with a BIG!
Haters keep in mind: Coaches coach, Players play, and Cheer Leaders cheer. We all play our part. Do you!
Great Time In Missippi With The Fam.
I've been working on this project since January and, ultimately, the chance to keep building my own universe was too good to turn down.
Mason Ryan and the only thing I can think of is Goliath
I try to go to bed early for my AP test tomorrow but it never ends up happening...
thanks, Jordan!! See you soon!
RIP Adam Yauch.
Are you ready for the RAUNCHIEST episode of 'Game Night'? stay tuned as things go bump in the night.
Off the Pitch with is nothing short of brilliant. Peeing my pants laughing. More cowbell and more Ken Puckett!
Should be piss drunk with in Chi Town right now.
I do think that is a great spot. But its also where I had my senior ball... Don't really want to relive high school memories. :)
intimidating is right - now we're curious too!
My Putz blown save isn't looking so bad now.
Don't forget we are open on Sunday 4pm to 9pm! Where your Chargers Gear and get 15% off your bill!
A chocolate croissant from is just what I needed on this dreary day!
What book do you wish you could read again for the first time? I think it might be Hunger Games for me.
Yeah I start to hate the characters after a while lol. Thus me working on a sec. at the same time (cheating on my script) ha
I see you completely changed my tweet to fit around your joke.
“: What a great end to #idea10 conference Day 1. Thanks !”
No winners yet! Pick up today's Inquirer if you want the iBeats headphones. There is still time to win!
ughh the one man looking coach is such a bitch.
Talking now about why the Committee on Human Services rejected the DHS budget proposed by the mayor.
LMFAO I'M SO MAD :P
bahahaha. #in1908 Henry Ford produces his first Model T automobile.
Thank you so much for posting my article. You are the best!
There's A LOT of support from Vancouver and Portland, so it would be great to include people who can't actually be in it/Seattle
Thank you cop for going 95 on i-80 and not the 15 I was going over the limit. You like to speed, too! :)
I did not buy a mega millions ticket. I figure someone else needs the money to tear their family apart more than I do
I can proudly say that I have 530 pictures of the boys on my iPod right now, there's still more to come. xD
I love music that has great lyrics!
Rip Hamilton is on the #Bulls? Who knew?
I'll pass that along for ya (:
Playing with the big dogs
Yep! She's working right now at Something Silver. It's a jewelry store next to the AMC.
U will never know if I make frybread.
getting in touch again. Spoke last month after you saw the video we did for email .uk
we sure do... Not like you'd say hi tho.
Good morning, happy Friday. (It is Friday, right?)
where you at?
hi, how are you?
Be the 1st person to mention TWITTER tonight at the Conservatory Crossing & win a free Indiana Rail Road hat! Open til 8pm
It's Make a difference Day at Jersey Mike's. Get a FREE Sub w/a minimum $2 donation today!!!! No coupon or flyer needed. Today only.
Ball So Hard just came on at the bar. :-(
Current Top 5 #Philadelphia Teams. TEAM STAB PLUS,Step up for Frank,Truckin' for Harry,TEAM SMILEY, Renee's Peeps
Note: you are under NO OBLIGATION to even know that I *have* a Facebook page, let alone like it. I make things easy for you.
I could tweet this all night... ;) RT : #Caps defeat the #Rangers 2 - 1 and force game 7!
None of the machines at this gym are working -_-
The awkward moment when my english teacher made a dirty joke about my boobs infront of the whole class ._.
wow she gave ja'nae a bruise to in class
Ah so good! However, I didn't like his character for most of last season. You'll see what I mean.
Happy Thanksgiving I love you son!
$5 for tonight's Guilty Pleasures with the password: "You'gre gonna be okay... you're gonna be okay. Say the fucking words!"
trying to diss, talking that ishhhh?
UGH MY TWIN IS SO FRUSTRATING UGH ALL HE HAD TO SAY WAS "SORRY" THAT 5 LETTER WORD
Sorry, honey. Sarcasm falls from my mouth as easily as stupidity falls from yours." Lmaoo :-)
I'll Sniff u right Out them Panties.
Well at least its not just younger boys you hang out with ;) HA HA HA HA
Nyquil,thank-you so much for working your magic,
that's better:)
Just saw Age of Champions. Awesome and inspiring feel good doc
I am still up waiting for this shit to come back on.
But in the end,It doesn't even matter.
Landmark finally has WiFi.
CHAVEZ WITH THE HOMERUN TO PUT US UP 2-1!
RT : The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams. -Oprah
Evan Turner said, when he heard the whistle on KG's moving screen, "aw, man, somebody's gonna be mad."
We're covering the Washington Capitals playoff game right now via audio simulcast with WFED-AM. Listen at www.wltradio.tk!
How u been suga Lump lol :P
I think that's where my older brother used to live! Small world :) And are you not buying tickets then? I was the exact same way...
<3 Thanks for the follow! I hate her too (:
btw your catch in the fog at oregon state was one of the greatest catches i've ever seen.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. ~Bill Cosby
How does someone get 11 OWIs?!
I think Austin should come back to Illinois..
Aw, next time for sure!!! Had a blast, I can't wait to hang out with you again! :D
Love is in the air for Valentine's Day with our selection of dreamy date outfits. We have the dress to knock his socks off! Come SHOP FAMOSA
Mark Trumbo is the best hitter on the #Angels. Sad.
How am I at a bbq and I can't eat 0_0
like how you're the mayor of joy
Let us know if you need help planning your family trip. #Vegas is going to rock!
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily 5
m I LOVE BUNDT CAKES!!
'Tis true! Happy Birthday! :-D RT : Your 1st daughter in law RT : Born on this day - And
...afraid While shivering in my shoes I strike a careless pose And whistle a happy tune And no one ever knows I'm afraid
Thank you! :)
My favorite suffix is -ity, 'state of being' -- 'generativity' will send me into a dangerous state of bliss
Yep, good weekend. Had a PR in the half marathon,14 minutes faster than last year. It was hot, as you know.
is at Chilis celebrating her friend!
why not?
Jaguars franchise will be forever haunted by its firing of Coughlin
We have been watching "The Bionic Woman." Superb mixture of 70s cheese and cyborg melodrama.
Stacking his chips
Congrats for a great race yesterday! Looking forward to meeting with you next week.
OH MICHAEL.
#AskDerulo What's your favorite color to wear? Mines blue (:
yeah he is another perfect fit for Steelers legendary LB
Im So Proud To Be Called Your Angel&Yea You Not What Haters Will Hate But Us Angels and You Babe,Will Always Stay Together!<33
Rage takes too much energy. Road annoyance is a better description.
eMail 1: I want to upgrade, which do I buy? response: The $20 upgrade Email 2: I'm asking you. Please read the question!
Great question
"This isn't about money, this is the *art* institute"
if goes to the heat I'll join the darkside.
you gotta play man we gotta beat these jets!
But I still need to edit historic content before posting :( that could take a while
real world = skills that can be used in non-academic context. Purposely teach them.
Okay. So does Sova at 10am work on the 27th?
brat!!! I'm so jealous, lol
Since Friday when i bought 1D CD, iv been waiting EVER so patiently to listen to it...FINALLY HAVE! OMG! LOVE LOVE LOVE IT<U+2665><U+2665>
when you coming to Sacramento, CA!! i really wanna meet you! iloveyou so much<3. YOUR AMAZING!
are you tweeting at work? Won't the IT Manager care?
Someone should write a play where the set is built during the play. You're welcome.
Procrastinater? No. I just wait until the last minute to do my homework because I will be older, therefore wiser.
Love my new neighbor/work/wine club friend
Happy New Year! I hope your 2012 takes you to exciting places.
I love watching The Notebook.
Just a few more weeks and I look at alternatives to CRXDE
And the best picture to remind white people how awful they used to be goes to.....The Help
Remember today & every day & all prisoners of conscience in
yup, you plug and go!! I'll help ya get plugged in when you get there....I gotcha girl! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
When he take his anger out on me <<<
It's a steaming hot day in Chicago. Perfect day for a Louie's Demise from
The watch system was ineffective. In 1844, NYC formed the 1st paid police force, which was uniformed and weaponized after Civil War.
same with elevator buttons. It lights up and people STILL push it!
hi back! Can you tell i'm just learning how to use this technology. i so need a Robin crash course :)
yep so whts going on
Had an awesome week working w/ s returners. I am energized by their work ethic & enthusium! Im looking forward 2 next week!
I didn't know Duke was playing tonight.
:) You're welcome!!
I want a relationship where you can lay with each other & just talk... about anything and everything.
Dreading the trip to the dmv I have to make tomorrow :-(
My entire weekend is devoted to eating and story development. Soon to request my tax incentive certificate. Your Plans?
you got the drunchies
straight UP ignorant. BBW is cooning!!! Women (real women) dont fight every week...or at all for that matter. Shaunie is PIMPIN
That personal ad should have read "swf looking for indentured servant to share long walks and soul deadening criticism."
#ruthcolvinclark and along with #switch and #drive are changing my life!
run the regret through a sepia filter
There is a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy. Her heart. - Melanie Griffith
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS! <3 :-P
aaliyah was beautiful. the first time i saw her i said wow she was pretty
#Follow Lil Bro
Thanks for the tip. I'll have to check out to get my Blue Bottle fix soon.
I'm the operator with my pocket calculator.
Four days till Tampa! Can't wait to see my #family and hit the
HOW MANY DAYS IN A YEAR?!
Dear Diary, I saw tonight. They (and their harmonies) are dreamy. More later!
I think the Steelers will make the playoffs.
IM DELETING ACCOUNT
This is why I love Twitter. I can be a part of Mifflin, without the hassle of actually BEING part of Mifflin.
If I work this hard the rest of my life ima be so far past
lol omg now we know what you do on your spare time(;
so harry potter and the deathly hallows part 2 still makes me cry. the heartbreak will never heal.
" Be happy for what you've learned and where you come from and be excited for where you are going."
check for Rob Ott and Nunzio on my follow list
Hey great lady. Happy things are great for you..Would love to see you sometime...etta
DTE Energy Shareholders Meeting Draws Protest From Labor, Environmental Groups - Huffington Post
Today's a busy day—order some #tequila for #CincodeMayo, catch the end of the #KentuckyDerby & rep' your fave #NBA team, all at #Fridays!
Do you need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
give me a title
Oh hi, new Twitter. Guess I just had to log out to get you. Remind me not to do that on my home computer.
We're in this together, woman! :)
Q makes a 3 and the Magic take the lead!
Agree but if Bynum and Gasol play well Kobe looks like a genius
Matt Pond PA, Decembrists, Spoon, OK Go... I could do this all night : What style of music was big at KCSU when you were in school?
massaging school here cums neka bout to start n january da 3rd.
bad hair day
idk He just asked if I wanted it and I said ok...
Patrick Marleau, 5 playoff games, 0 points. That's pathetic but at the same time not surprising.
There are short-cuts to happiness, and dancing is one of them. ~Vicki Baum
Sir Sidney Crosby lights it up again.
twitter tells all miss LIER! .. n I'm serious andrya -___-
Photoshop him into the Brewers picture from last year's Houston trip.
Good morning twitter peeps!!
Dang bruh , i wanna go out to eat !
I'm a free woman. No more conference. What should I do now?
Closing a smidge early tonight (8pm), so come by before then to get your goodies! and Juan here for you till then!
my bestfriend and her boyfriend fell asleep. He's butt ass naked. awkward.
Laying down, in your room quietly when your mind is the loudest one!
You have two blossoms left. Don't waste 'em.
Get the brooms out! #WhiteSox sweep!
: you know that song about how putting on new shoes can totally make your day? That's how I feel about trimming my mustache.
Never wear a backward baseball cap to an interview unless applying for the job of umpire. - Dan Zevin.
lmao!!!! That was funny
Sarah Phillips & are both Troublemakers.
keep 'em guessing
I know I'm not the only one with random basketball-reference tabs open. Which player you got open right now? I've got Mo Williams
Inspired by , I thank my mama & her mama Meryl & herself for her example.
Taking pictures today for my new record! Lacy Leigh Photography rocks!!!
yeah babes ! i replied . did you reply?
Were you already timelined?
I sit and stare and wonder why I stop watching Captain hot America for #Growth. Still wondering.
Get your TAN ON and BE PARTY ready!!! *HUGE SPECIALS TODAY* MEMBERS can upgrade to any booth today for $4 (LOWEST PRICE EVER!)
Love is a 4 letter word tht is use in the wrong ways so many times
Watching "rebirth of mothra" on the office telly. More riveting than MSNBC.
yes! Eric may end up unloading a larg haul by himself. Will keep you posted!
Come to Euclid Tavern in Cleveland tonite for the biggest karaoke party in town 200ppl on avg! Hosted by and
Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family. Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one. ~Jane Howard
Schools should also keep their computers and wifi available to students after school. Learning/instruction should happen beyond 3pm
Women are deep beautiful blue oceans and once a month its Shark week! :)
This is the end <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
lmao feel you
make your eyes focus on this!
when? You still have my number right? Or call me at 888-576-0662 and press option 1. We will work it out.
Resurfacing after a two-week hiatus through the depths of LA, San Diego and Vegas....apparently a bearded man died when I was away
A bowl of cereal always hits the spot! Back to finishing up my mix for FashionWeekSA 2011.
let me know if you do!!!!
RT sneak peak!
It's amazing what great music and a really epic chocolate-chip cookie will do for your day. And of course, shoes.
damn it's still cold there? Thought i'd be warmer by now
I hear the Dolphins are close to an extension with Jake Long.
Yea, that's cool. I'm still learning to play. My weekend was fine.
100% yes. RT : Phelps lives on!!! Congratulations, Brady. Did you name him after the baseball card magazine?
Anthony Davis is gonna make some NBA team very happy next year. Come on
We need to get more local musicians working together rather that against one another. "Community Supported Music" will be the outcome.
lol thanks :) i hate just sitting here and not playing! Its so depressing!
#coverthenight ahh wish I could go :(
Bruh!! Choke that hoe til you good n tired
STELLAR performance by in tonight's game!! The Raiders will have a scary 1-2 punch at RB once returns
I DON'T UNDERSTAND LOTS OF THINGS!
We hope you enjoy your stay with us!
whats the Obama Administration doing to make health care affordable??? This could be an election killer for him!!! He needs to act now!
you know it!
I agree..even if it's RTs,it's still nice to see SOMETHING in my mentions..
Congratulations to Kai A. Konrad & Wolfgang Leininger for winning this year’s Duncan Black Prize for best paper published in Public Choice!
Brandon Marshall...NOW A BEAR!
I Cried When I found out that my friend's small baby had died
OH.MY.GOSH! I don't think there's any sound more annoying than dogs licking themselves at the same time.
Nice. When will you be here? Let's make a date.
About to get this perm, but i been scratching my head all day ..smh
great to see you again at the GBK AMA gift lounge. Hope you like your goodies and the candle :) Kerry from
Excited about a new project! Anyone want to lose some weight and be part of a documentary? Private message me.
Words of wisdom: Doesn't matter how big you make it in this world, it's a matter of how you got there. Honesty and integrity rule over all.
Ah, but see, this way you can do your own and correct all of my obvious oversights. Everybody wins! :)
Good to know that since Jenni is going to be living in Dupont, we can all hang out again!!
HD Spy Sunglasses Video Camera w/ 4GB Memory. Playback on your PC by downloading with the USB cable. Perfect hidden camera for anyone.
you should see the garbage Kirk Cameron says about evolution with his pal Ray Comfort. Pathetic.
does Basta serve pizza for breakfast? It's the only thing that will make me not projectile hurl right now
Post a positive review on our facebook and receive a FREE tire rotation!!!
If you cant change the people around you than change the people around you! Everyone is not your friend or on your team.
Getting up an hour earlier for practice.
We received a thank you letter from foundation for our donation in support of their BUGS program. Thank you!
thanks man you too!
I won a Healthy Back DVD from TRX Biomechanics. Go to their website to win more prizes.
Happy 22nd birthday to my baby sis ! Big weekend! Bjrthday today, graduation from tomorrow :)
#Google+ will fail for two main reasons... 1) A person's gmail account is typically an anonymous online ID. 2) FB has 750+ Million users.
I sho do love that girl...
less than a week til my #Braves are here in Denver! getting my tomahawk chop ready!!
That's right, JZ! Happy Friday :)
i was at work when u called..oan oooooppppsiesssss :) and dont be comin at me like that cuz u for damn sure dont answer!!!!!!!!
Parking lot party on 2/11 from 11-6 with magazine. Food from And some local beer of course!
Its been awhile since ive been on twitter so......... Mvc3 sucks
Dazzler is teaching a dance to "A buncha girls" by Frankie Ballard World Championships this weekend. Way to go girl!
it ain't real till u text me back lol
Just finished at Orchard in Bloom! Wow the preview was great. So pretty:)
that's y can't chase a chick simply cuz of her physical, get to know her to make sure she's not a major biotch.
Yeah, I could have edited it down to that, couldn't I?
Great discussion with this afternoon at
Over Here on Wells Branch Puttin This Deposit on the New Place So Ready....Need to relocate ASAP....
I need to get over this #seriously ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I find kids unfortunately don't take writing as seriously in other content area.
Last day to enter for a chance to win our Project Vote Smart tee-shirt. Just tell us how you #votesmart to enter your name!
m... yum.. just had some jello and a sandwich :)
“: #MentionTo someone you need in your life for you to stay.”
Just tired!
just signed up and posted my Thursdays after work event @ D'OR (204 w. 55th St. b/t 7th & Broadway). 212.931.9020 for info.
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Mostly clear in the evening then areas of low clouds and fog. Lows 56 to 61. Light winds.
thanks cuzzzzz! U da fuckin best. Wouldn't know what or where I would be without you. Real fuckin talk <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> I love you.
yeah, I deleted em lol, I grew up with a single mom I don't deal with that shit. Hey now watch it -_-
For a brunch to fall into the category of Epic Brunch, it requires at least 5 hours, 3 rounds of pancakes, 2 pitchers of Bloody Mary.
#Senser guilty on criminal vehicular homicide, guilty on failure to notify. Not guilty of gross negligence. All felonies.
It's BEER30. Somewhere and Here.
I'll keep you posted. My History Channel gig should be broadcast soon, too.
amen amen
I keep forgetting about -- I've wanted to tune in &amp; watch
you guys and your nori talk must stop. you aren't the only addicts out there tryna get a grip on life.
The US Supreme Court has received 3 petitions asking it to hear Pernod Ricard's decades-long fight for the Havana Club trade mark.
Nights were you can't sleep <<<
Gotcha, my man!
Bring your bike to #WDYR pre-ride party on Saturday, our mechanics will be airing up tires, adjusting seats and lubing chains.
Stuck in a greyhound station in missoula
#Patriots broke out the butter fingers and Brady gets sacked! Let's see what this #SuperBowl will bring in 32 seconds with no time outs!
200th tweet goes out to that one guy I can only dream of dating
only like 100 times hahah!!! u shood cum over i hav like dozens of cherry garcia ice cream!! :D hahaha
Loves being home but hates being "between jobs"
I haven't seen you...in forever. Or it just feels like it. I think it's been a week. Hahaha
Ack! Stupid Twitter. Now that you mention it, I haven't seen a post in a while. And I've been sad. All good now! Send DM.
Bases loaded lets go
RT : A Girl Will Run Her Mouth Only Out Of Spite.
Thanks, Pete! Hope you have a nice evening and weekend, and a great new year!
whatever it is. It's going to be alright!
it's actually getting better, i forgot they do it like that.
Your tweets are makinq me D.e.a.d !
I know, huh?? Ever since I let my iPhone go bye-bye, I don't get on... Miss it though... <U+E401>
Next up for Nowhere: the Remaindermen's debut LP due out this summer
i found the most amazing product for curly hair w/no alcohol and totally natural...i feel like im doin a commercial lol neways i love it!
Join us for a #Northeastern #MBA Campus Visit! Attend a class, take a tour, enjoy lunch, and talk with admissions. bit.ly/oUoH6F
I miss my pups. Glad i took about ten minutes of video footage of them to watch before sleep, including potty dances and belly rubs
lol, got me. I had your back!
RT : Thanks to 50 high school football players and their coaches for visiting patients today. They'll be rivals on the......
Buy a box, chop, or 10 wings and get a FREE Med. Fries or Drink w/ a #TallyCardz!
hey hey hey lil sis! you're very welcome~ hope you had a bellariffic day :) love ya <3
Sad news for #NFL lovers everywhere.
Was amazing to see live yesterday! Favorite moment was the appearance of the 1982 "Cats" cast- esp the one in the wheelchair!
i'm getting ready right now. Too bad i'm not excited. I just know this is one step closer to graduation.
No problem! Really enjoyed the slides, and wish I could have been there for your talk.
Where is the ride and ? miles
U are a mind fucker!!!
If I had to do it all again... I'd still paint :)
Let's go Os.
hmm talking srsly how do you look like ? :P
J&B's Tavern Sat. CD Release Party With Specyphi ...wsg. Red Soul Rising......New laser light the Cold Beer will be flowing hope to see...
We'll be there Monday April 30! Really excited to meet other EMPs from all over the country
thank ye kindly for the RT! :)
what a great week in Seattle, not missing BlackHat/Vegas at all.
Dam. Its fina pour down.
Howdy from Ohio. I will be your saucier. :-)
we can party in the corn fields!(:
About to start a renegade mix on Freqbase, get locked!
Hey and , do you support public charter school legislation in WV?
hey....austin destroyed your score on Scoops....:/
Love how guys say "When I want something I go after it.!" & they're called competitive.When a woman says it, she's called a b.
So say we all. MT : Driving behind Mustang on way to work. Interesting turn signal. I had no idea that Cylons were among us.
ha love you!!!
goodnight Thomas ! <3 Deuces <U+270C>
thanks for the follow!
RT : Now the audience gets to vote on their faves
and you rock mine!!
does anyone have kentucky going all the way
Dont you remember how we used to be? We turn off the lights & we didnt just sleep, remind me; baby reminnd me <3
#DIRTYHOES have gnat bread
Blowing up a dam to release water into a dying country is a lot harder than I first thought.
i smacked her
You can motivate players better with kind words than you can with a whip.-- Bud Wilkinson
Do men use the word 'satchel' in a sentence?
was a pun
holy shit, that's awesome!
hahaha XD don't worry you'll get used to it haha
At home with mom and the sisters, trying to figure out the best way to celebrate Dad's too-short life.
I was listening to a block of Neil Young til... "and now the latest from Nickleba.." scan.
go back to daddy duty lol u can't b out with the big doggz
She's so cute!
1/21 Entree Special:Black Pepper Grilled Veal Tenderloin w/Couscous,Oven Roasted Tomatoes,Fried Capers & Smoked Tomato Butter Sauce
We finally agree! But, we have to use common terms, like them or not. I hate the terms synthetic marijuana or fake pot.
they never answer I tried 64 times yesterday to talk to you
My daughter gets home today from her Arizona trip! She went with a friend to visit her grandma. They are riding home alone!
follow back please
happy birthday
#Oomf is ratchet ...
i'm seriously so upset that that dream wasn't real
That would be great! I'll call you next week and see how your schedule looks in the next few weeks. Keep up your good work!
Got Pics of your Baltimore City Firefighters working? Send them to
Just wanted to be sure I'm not committing an evil act, shopping at Walmart. Thanks!
Told ya homie
Patience, Marcelino. Patience.
#MyTeamWinning if I get into this school.
I wish all my friends were holograms.
You are really pretty!
will it be a true iPhone 5 tomorrow or a mere upgrade?
44 sounds rad but 10 people? Would they be cool with that do you think?
RT : When you are doing something you love, there is no such thing as failure. -Hill Harper
Agreed! : Brands should refrain from tapping every SM channel. Manage your resources. Duh. #whatsnextdc #moderation"
It's hard to love you
Only 25 members left to reach 300. Make sure you're one of them!
How does NFL determine preseason opponents? We always play Houston.
Tonight the headphones will deliver you the words that I can't say.
Researchers Find Osteoporosis Symptoms More Common In Women With Early Menopause
I think im a mermaid
And a big thanks to and for having me on their shows the last month or so to talk
29 days and I shall be forever back at home<3
i feel like im disappearing
Just spoke on interpersonal violence and the global prison industrial complex at the mass incarceration teach in. I'm teaching too!
my iphone just cracked-_-..and no, I didn't try to copy you:P
SARCASM GOOGLE IT WOMAN.
AH! i have to admit,you look SO different without braces:D thats a
I expect your long story to in fact be short.
Bout to go see my second Moma...it's bday...white remy
I know I was scared to turn into my neighborhood!
Looks like that last article we posted got too much traffic and owned our server. We'll be back up in a moment.
It's not everyday you get to see a short bus being towed.
Ryans makes me feel so much better either Tulloch/Lofton would have. But wait -- Tebow to NYJ and S. Payton suspended?
": I had a dream that I won $1,000 during 's show today! It's a possibility... #FingersCrossed :-)
Its not Shenzne, but WUKANE thats being attacked by their government..
Getting ready to go to the dentist. My sister put the inside child lock on in her car. That's not a joke.
yea ! email me his pic I wanna C if hes the same one from last week
yes but it was the fact you actually said ”my titties get hot” lmao. I love you lmao
LOL HOPE you're not in your car haha what time we meeting tonight??
Prosecution expected to wrap up its case against bad cop Anthony Arevalos today. HOJ Dept. 37.
You a fine mothafucka, won't you back that ass up.
Of Course i Like It! lol My Music
New database of federal worker salaries shows the government paid out $105 billion in salaries last year
I've never personally been a big fan of rekindling friendships that go wrong, but I'm all for airing out some dirty laundry. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0095><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I wonder what is up to?
lol. only reason im trying this ish...is 1. for out clothing line. and 2. for ur sexy ass haha
re Distant Star: yes
Does #jeremylin hav a Twitter account cuz I can't find it
Just one more...
HELL WOULD FREEZE OVER FIRST!
Hmm. Then I stick with Rondo. He makes passes that no one else can.
Holy fuck this guy is loud
wow thanks! So humbled.
Lmfaoo! awwe I got ruddy sick ;D
following you because told me to. He is an inspired leader in New Jersey and a champion of Newark.
Very bizarre show
Haha well played.
My tv isn't even on <U+274C><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA>
Just posted Abandoned Cities on The Walking Dead facebook page. Hope their fans like it! :)
Counting down to our red square show, thanks to our sponsors at !
well i should have put two and two together. You're chest is hairy as fuck now that i think about it.
Happiness is the real sense of fulfillment that comes from hard work. -Joseph Barbara
OMG more coffee please.
im going to keep tweeting you happy birthday till you get it :)
HERES TO ALL Haters will broadcast your failure, but whisper your success...
i love straws.
Today can be even more amazing if the #Cyclones don't let the school I almost transferred to beat them... #PinstripeBowl #'Cmon State!!
Oh my gosh lol. I didn't expect it to be so pricey. Damn.
What size? Location & amenity preferences?
Nice! How many can you handle? Tweet us a pic! :)
Some parents are so irresponsible-_- if your not going to take care of them dont have them
Wow, can you post the report? Tks,
Oh no.... You better not have bad news for me!!
I would love to do it full time. Think jobcorps is really interesting program. That or community college may b next
yup! $2 dollar Tueaday!!!! All 36 drafts on sale for 2 bucks!!!! You coming by?
yes, it's great to see the character interaction!
Everyone needs to quit hatin on he is the hottest artist right now for a reason...
What type of leader are you? Innovative leaders bring creative, daring and productive approaches to solving organizational challenges!
I hate ugly pussy..bitch tuck dat shit in or sumthin
Join us! RT Our new location at 111 W. North Avenue will be open on Saturday!!! Come one come all!
I've been exploring around your site. It's really interesting! Have you been in to visit the ?
All these sensations got me going crazy for you !
One week into my graduate assistantship and I have secured the nicest office chair out 6 people.
when they deserve to be known by their idols. So that is a really sweet idea (:
ah I see. lol and I have no clue to be honest. Softball takes up half my life then I gotta see my mom in the summer
Now you can continue to build that legend through further gameplay and downloadable content.
does he have a twitter account? Loved that and he needs to be followed!
Please follow real shit right here
With weather like this, who needs Florida?
I need that #Thoroughbred <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
tweet me shit to draw
Wut are you gonna do today'? :D
Any #archives #manuscript repositories doing usability assessment during project development??? DM me
you got hit by a car last night bro
I am a sore loser I've deleted your e-mail account and will no longer follow or watch you because I am good know it show it
awesome - thanks for sharing :)
LOVE IT!
I cried today because of Austin leaving Texas and tomorrow I'll be crying listening to
Hmm. I don't think I'd chance it with Mass drivers.
second try to break .035 $FBCD
I second that. >> RT : Or you could use 's new credit monitoring app. BOOM!
Like Parish Foods & Goods on Facebook. Get the most people 2 like r page & win a bbq 4 up to 20 of ur friends w beer and wine.
yeah, I'm bout to retweet that!
Equanimity is a really nice feeling.
Last hour of Mother's Day.. I hope my mom had a good one :)
Please let this bee a good week!!!
Holidays are often a time of stress & holi-daze. Thus, best thing to do: Breathe Deep & refocus on empowering good thoughts & feelings!
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful. - Jerry Cantrell
TwitterTeam will be #LiveTweeting Tyler's #allnighter tonight! Starts at 1:00 am EST. Stay tuned!
As long as Taco Bell is involved at some point, I believe you're good.
I like all of TaeTiSeo's songs other than TWINKLE. "Goodbye, Hello" is my favorite.
UGH. A night off from delicious craft beer is, regrettably, necessary. Wishing I was chugging away at the tasting. Sigh.
Obviously, countless hours spent watching Die Hard has left some kind of impression.
What a weekend! Milwaukee, it was great to see you out at Bar Louie Water St. Big thanks to the Love Monkeys! Look for more live music
Entrepreneurship at its core is about going after your dreams, and never ever giving up hope that you can accomplish them.- Shervin Pishevar
Sometimes over the plate! RT : There's not much of a trick to what Mendoza's doing. Fastballs in, curves away. That's it.
Working hard at my new job, writing a novel and conjuring up ideas on a commercial.
So a NYPD officer is accused of raping a woman. And what's his lawyer's response...wait for it... "He meant no harm."
Got our winning ticket for Fri. Night, and some good shepherds pie from O'banks
I practically live at the mall now..
And Marcus Allen mostly road the bench his last few years in Oakland without injury, making him younger than his years
This place smells like an overstuffed vacuum cleaner bag.
6 am i decide to go to bed finally and these fucking birds wanna Chirp. FUUUU. •_•
It's never too late to pick up an instrument and learn how music making can be an integral part of maintaining (cont.)
car is dead. phone is dead. need to be somewhere in 45 minutes. can twitter help? time will tell...
yeah, thanks. It seems like the warmer it gets, the cuddlier they get... >^..^<
Man rainy days suck for real.
So sorry to hear about your friend! We know your pain!!!
I do that to all the time. She just ignores me though and I curl up on my pillow.
We live in a world where it sucks to be kind
Yes I am
I have a dent in my new car
VI establishes a measure of sensor efficiency with regards to collection capacity per unit of time. We call it the “KPS”.
she never let me hit.. she gave me dome twice... blowing up my phone, that's that shit I don't like.
I think it's "going bowling, solo."
whoa whoa whoa, I saw something about my #Knicks and, aye easy now lol
We've got Mohammed Bilal tonight at 6! 12 steps to Diversity in CE450! Come for free pizza and stay for an exciting event!
with this fucking prick alex nemechek
Olathe down 19 to 29 at the half. Come on Falcons!!
Someone bring me some Crazy Good please and thank you!
New topic - The Forestlands around Killarney
Sold my first presale album tonight!!! Excited to get this out in the next 2 weeks. Cd is going to press on Monday!!!
Just passed sitting outside in her lawn chair.
#WikiLeaks archive has #classified reports on #Mali #military ineffectiveness. #Tuareg victory no surprise.
Indeed. RT : Brutal loss there by the Caps but great effort by all. Overtime is always tough. Get the next one.
First stop for the Queen.....starbucks...venti soy caramel macchiato extra caramel stirred..
Have I failed as a wife when asks where the broom is kept in the house??? ;)
lunch time! bbl!:)
TONIGHT Tom Waits For No One, Bad As He, Whiskey Tijuana River $8
Did we miss something ? In Vegas. Actually met people who LOVE Houston. A first for me. thanks for the mentions all.
This game is getting interesting
4 days left until the HOTTEST step show in Wisconsin heats up the Riverside Theater!
Just saw the #burgerking spot w/ David Beckham ordering a banana smoothie. Totally racist.
I know there are things about myself that I need to change before I can truly change other people's lives positively. Staring that truth...
Good morning, happy Monday, Steve!
Make way
RT : The Blues kickoff at 7 pm. Come on out for some playoff rugby. Go Blues!
mac miller-smile back
You guys I'm so freaking bored who wants to come get me #team boredom
Watching Giants V Phillies
Cruz and Moore both have a ton of upside, go there. Michael Bush all day over Battle
“Good products can be sold by honest advertising
The longer you run, the smaller the world becomes.
yup we do
My money's on I'll Have Another and Daddy Long Legs. GOGOGO!
I'm at free state. Are you?
disagree with that, I don't think Elway wanted Tebow to succeed ever. Obviously.
RT : Loving you is the most genuine thing I did and the biggest mistake I committed."
CANT STOP LISTENING TO IT
High Stakes Poker News: Isildur1 Up one day then down another!
tell her I'll be waiting !
didn't buy it in November 2008 in the first place
Walmart + 6 Flags have been terrible. Hope you're not getting the porn followers too.That's been a real treat.
#slaname updating the name is fine, just please refrain from the usual its all about the technology now
RE: Gash Wednesday. Where is this? I AM THERE.
Sometimes our line is a little too blurred.
l'homme fatal
I would very much appreciate it, my friend.
on it!
how much of a baby? My 6 year old cousin has started his minecraft addiction early as well!
aww I didn't see that tweet in my timeline was that your cape ?
Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness
i already called about matching status. that may be the best bet.
I just realized ... When I watched Tht How ta Roll a Joint With Wiz Khalifa Video On YouTube ...That Shidd made me wanna Smoke weed .
Someone give me their iphone please
Aweh. Youre so cute because you think I don't care.
glad you like it so far... It gets really emotional
crying. i miss my grandpa so much. it hit me really hard right now. i would do anything to make u come back and to see nani smile again<3 :(
If I were given the chance, I'm not sure that I would take it all back, but I would definitely change things.
Mark your calendars! A *breakfast* #BMoreDrinkUp (like a #DCDrinkUp but in Baltimore) on Feb 12 & a trip to ! Details soon!
Hey Roger, anything coming up? Thnx
no waiting until it's done correctly? #Reidbill was only pushed cause his brick & mortar casino backers were pushing.
Not all that happy with "Billing 3's" business expense tracking... Anyone have any suggestions?
Yeahh and now I can't sleep....
Go panthers!
House of Joy, why are you so delicious? I can't resist you.
This songs Dope #NL to Young Jeezy- Win
I agree completely! Also, I'm a junior right now. Do the intern positions need to have completed degree upon hire? Thanks! :-)
I had an amazing hike along the Coastal Trail, just south of Point Reyes Station, CA.
Just caught myself singing "I gotta get goin' I gonna see a friend of mine." #WinnieThePooh. En route to C
Shurna has one ugly shot, but the thing goes in. UW should be able to beat these guys off the trouble and get inside.
That's *Hilarious* Sarah! :)
Dear movies about highschool, who actually hangs a picture of their crush in their locker? Sincerely, Yeah, I'm not that much of a stalker
Attended a great Goodwill luncheon. They have such a great brand!
Looking forward to a great visit at George Mason University tomorrow.
Glad you liked my TED Talk enough to tweet about it! =)
Figuring out Knowledge Tree functionality while I clean up my music collection. (Just working between server lags)
Gwen Stefani turns 42 today. She was awesome in No Doubt and her solo career.
Anyone want to hear a new beat?
I'm open to Old Town or NW for places to linger and work that aren't coffee or coworking too if I can linger (making the commute worth it).
I would like to see Rahal or Hinchcliffe be a factor for the lead. I hope they call a year for for Katherine Legge(R).
Those tweets took me to Giggle Town. Hard.
emphasizing writing process through all assignments/projects gets Ss to see they write more than they realize.
Math TAKS today
people annoy me. -.-
The sky is not the limit. Your perseverance is.
nice seeing you today!
I really doubt it. ><;; Nowhere's putting out their halloween stuff yet.
Interesting we should #film some #painting this weekend in
Nice try ;-)RT #Senate Senator Scott Brown endorses Richard Cordray for consumer watchdog bureau bit.ly/uPD7pc
Venue Registration EXTENDED until Friday June 10th 5pm! www.ghartwalk.com
BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE PLEASE<3 AW C'MON (RYAN GOOD VOICE ;) )
James bond cologne
same here, might be closer to 130... am going to try to get the webcam working here!
what can I say, I'm awesome.
How did you enjoy our Step Workshop this weekend? Any feedback? Hope it was fun for you and your little one!
sorry I missed you this weekend! I've been cooped up working on my portfolio. Espresso date soon?
I was just at target, I wish I could have seen you, I miss you!
If I was at your house I would've probably written it like 2 hours ago -_-
thanks for the visit to NPR - folks are inspired by what you all do
Come on down to the LR for lunch! We're open and the fire is on!
Get that paper...I guess? :-/
Having a quiet timeout with some very loud thoughts ;) x
Theres aventure time RT : If the Lakers lose game 7 I won't be watching tv for a while
yes but I hope they r almost done!
Come chill and enjoy a hookah tonight and maybe some cold Bud Lights with your app! This weekend's gonna be crazy!! Let's go OKC
The only person to whom you must justify your work is your character.
Maybe I'm too late to be your first. But right now, I'm preparing myself to be your last.
which one?
Okay, I've been showing far too much cleavage today, chest cleavage that is. -_-
Is it really that bad?
i wanna be the guy you tweet about.
Life is good! Baseball is back! Go #RedSox!
America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense... human rights invented America. ~Jimmy Carter
Account been hacked....so sorry
Is Bennett still alive?
Hard to believe a team with management like that has gone 58-172 over the past 3 seasons.
FLIX has gone crazy with late #Preminger films. Watched Tell Me That You Love Me Junie Moon. Great relic from early 70s.
Supersad. RT "How well do the creative juices flow when you haven't seen your kids in 5 days?" #thePitch (via )
#Politics is bullshit in this country.This bill would have only worked if it actually gave loans and jobs to regular people tho
Be sure to come by the iTriage booth and get your tumbler!!
Getting ready for Day 2 of video shoot Paint a Picture!
true that
Expensive argument, don't you think?
What are your thoughts on Small Business Saturday?
Q: do you have a texas accent? like country? It very slight.
Water Front Park Was Funn . So Many Cute Guys o_o (; Not Even Kidding Lol Damn Tomorrows Monday -,-
from #Guns&Roses just walked in
chuck norris has a website, it's called the Internet. chuck norris can slam a revolving door. chuck norris killed 2 stones with 1 bird
At "Politics & Pleasures of Local, Seasonal Food" at Kensington Commy Church www.kensingtonucc.com.
How do you keep your husband from reading your email? Answer: Rename the folder to "Instructions Manuals." corny LOL
Yard work, even the exhausting stuff, has a way of fulfilling the soul.
double sesh hot yoga today! are we crazy?
Choosing between fries and onion rings<
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes... but no plans. -- Peter Drucker
its sad how us Colombian women are known for getting everything doll like saying that we plastic or shit...
Illuminating a manuscript (by candlelight)
Good morning ,,
Dude, you should call your landlord about that.
We're hanging out at WalMart & Borders Books on US31 South in Greenwood TODAY from 11-2p collecting donations for Operation Christmas Child.
We are less than a month away from the Congressional Briefing! Email your RSVP today to
i knew you would say that..
#teamfaber all the way
Because i know see that its not about making sense but rather making memories that we can carry with us to try and get by in this world
You are braver than I. Mummy galleries always give me the creeps.
I'm so fly to high I bet the sky catch em
you're welcome!
A kind word, a smile. They cost nothing but the time spent. Those times in life were life itself & I'm grateful for every moment. ~Zantamata
Already in a good mood.
Saw your #FF for being an inspiring guy! Sounds like you're right up our alley ;-)
don't let fear keep you from saying yes. you can't grow if you never step outside of your comfort zone.
to ask him to meet me tomorrow for my birthday
See how I'll leave with every piece of you.
Good for OCLC & members! RT : Global Council passes resolution advising move to Open Data Commons Attribution License
I'm letting myself write for another 35 minutes then bed. Also let me say again how much I adore
"Who are you? Miss Marple?" We all know Ellis is the real Miss Marple!
Its A Great Morning because God made it So
it's your night, girl.
but you are from Florida
I'm about to tear up this veggie omelet m
biggest in awhile
it's fucken dry in these parts
You look like the type of kid who likes to receive dick pics.
If you could a good deed knowing each time it would double if a person paid it forward. Could you handle serving another's success?
The government wants young people to go to college, yet they want to raise the student loan rates. Nice way to make money ass holes!
Willing to try meditation but having problems clearing my mind.
AJ Ellis doesn't know which pitches are balls and strikes. He DECIDES which pitches are balls and strikes.
Keeping us in business!
cant believe people really sit on they ass hacking a website to post porn
#Caps Hunter says its not the time right now when asked if he's given any consideration on his plans next year
Welcome back football. You were never missed (yet).
The person who invented headphones saved me from insanity. I thank you from the bottom of my exhausted & frustrated mommy soul!
Now my <U+E41A> is stopped up! Smdh
true that!!!
Back to the grind. So much work to do!
Wow Triple H too
I'm scared to leave the apartment now. That lady in the glaucoma shades outside The Mansion looked really pissed with me.
James Franco is so super dreamy, but what a goober last night! Anne Hathaway is ADORABLE!! Love her!!!
my life be like oh ah
i would just saying
LOL. I just rewound it to hear the knock, and it was totally worth it.
time to b up to no good again lol
One of my dreams came true tonight, i met the cookie man. Now Follow me, to make the other come true too. ;)
Smile for me.
I just want to cry but it's not worth it #upset I am gonna have fun! Party all night and UP ALL NIGHT! #YEE #yeeeaahbuddy I can't wait ! :)
thanks so much, friend!
thank you sweetie! #ISFChristmaslove to you too!!!
In Brooklyn today. Anyone know of jazz show that I should not miss?
It's Trivia Time! Who was the first Twins slugger to hit 500 home runs?
everyone follow my man , he only has one follower and is desperate for more.
Sunday is upon us...The world is aware...is brunch on the menu...more sleep perhaps? Happiness is unplanned lazy Sundays in Chicago!
Hey you've been issued a Fashion Citation please report to your #MomsFF Style Session at 10am
we're co-headlining a huge free show at Peabody's right here in Cleveland on March 10, no reason not to come out to that!
Bitch please good bye!!!!..HAVE A NICE LIFE I MEAN IF YOU HAD ONE!!!
SOX CUBS BULLS FIRE & HAWKS ALL WIN TODAY!!! Yeah Chicago!!!
#WIFYR Yesterday Hickmans talked about how SFF touches the human condition like no other genre of writing. I think because it's abstract.
You can also listen to "The Sun Will Rise" by The Brilliance. And pray that over us. Actually, the WHOLE FREAKING ALBUM is helpful.
School tomorrow? Ehhh..
- Enjoyed connecting today. Looking forward to speaking at at @
Man...seriously...I'm loving today!! Good news just keeps falling into my lap...smiling from ear to ear :-)
this part was great:)
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 296
did the 99 go away :) cause I followed you :)
You're not allowed to brag about a team that just got their ass handed to them by 30 points last night.
My bf just got banned from the bureau of labor statistics. Too hot for the consumer price index? Apparently.
.. Good Morning Hawk .. Have an incredible day
Meeting friends for dinner in a half hour, but there's a 1 lb bag of beef jerky on the table? Consider this appetite ruined!
all sorts of grammar fails in that last tweet. oof
When there's a good trending topic, I can never relate to it.. -___-
Tea, coffee, pear, sunrise, singing finches. Later this morning, TA orientation!
Happy New Year!
At the stu, everything survived the kiln ride. Especially the big ol' quarter marble:)
I love your fitness and health tips!!
The way to gain a good reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear. -Socrates
New Ipad huh.... does it run flash?
<3 your tweet! What an awesome day cant wait to get the group together again to sweat for an MS, TM cure!
Choosing a slut over your future <
Whether nothing you dismay or you made it out of clay, The Chocolate Library wishes you a happy holiday. Open today from 12 PM-12 AM.
Yes Bill..cuz it's the Ladies Room survey...Ha!
It's amazing how the first heartbreak changes your outlook on every relationship after that.
r u the REAL Amber Cole ? The one who got caught sucking dick or is this a fake page ?
Informed guess - based on Nobel laureates I know at UMD. I blame my dad for this mostly-useless knowledge.
Loving Kandy new hair cut
Bitches show me love don't love nobody
Don't try to be something that you're not. You'll just make yourself look stupid.
Wendy Gruel says she would invest in arts education to deepen the city's investment in the creative economy
who is disrespecting CW?
Won the 200 free! My favorite swimmer! Yayyyy!
So proud of Team Aquila for winning the project! Congrats again guys
If you want to know what song we played, just text SONG to 44100. It's easy! Msg & data rates may apply.
awesome! i'm sort of obsessed with 'staches right now. i just got a shipment of 'staches on a stick!
Prog-rock bra!
They are all a lot of work thats for sure. Moving slowly, but at least its moving haha! How are things with you? -Adam
oh I know!, what's up with that..
Calling all breastfeeding moms! #BFcafe Twitter chat is tonight at 7pm PST/9pm EST, come join us!
Just finished a generous portion of black-eyed peas. Now I'm ready for whatever 2012 can throw at me.
I'm glad you're feeling better.
isn't every year George Clooney's best year??
Doing big things with my music career thanks to God!
Haha its all good (: RT : I was just kidding hope no ones feelings are hurt
RT : RT : Be green while you spring clean this season! Check out these pet & Eco-friendly cleaning tips for your...
Have some time on your hands? Here is a "Super Book of Web Tools for Educators" #TheCN will soon be one of them!...
Doing my part to get the word "perimenopause"in your newspaper next week.
I play to much lol
And me!!! Ok not really... I was an hour way but close.
Well, we owe Oregon $1 after filing taxes but Turbotax says we don't have to pay it. Gnarly!
Tonight at 5:30, the cast of #TheWhippingMan will join the show. Listen live on 88.9
Congrats to on the new deal, glad you're staying in Kansas City!
when i eat a lot of food when im done i be looking 5months pregnant lbs
Usually Milwaukee is really bad, but this year was the 3rd best since records were kept.
He must be cozy in there! Still sending good juju... :)
You may or may not b alone. Shh! Don't tell! RT I lose at life. I haven't seen a single Pacific Standard Time exhibit & I meant to.
Gotta start rooting for the cardinals! :)
think I am! Not sure though; have never met in real life so am suspiciously eyeing a lady w/a laptop
You're going REAL hard at trying to reverse jynx this bad boy. How many times you think the M's will get no-hit this season?
With Kalamazoo being so close perhaps I ought to finish my two presentations.
Where im from, we dont get things handed to us. We work for it #watdafuckilooklike?
Are we done w/ #Oscars talk yet? b/c if not, how about Esperanza Spalding last night?! Former jazz student was stellar.
Finally with the love of my life.
Charlie for President! Could I get 2 tickets for the show tonight? Ian Sonneborn
I had the weirdest dream about you ... I was taking a shower and you randomly appeared !
The thing that scares me most at the gym -- the camel toes.
is also accepting nicknames for Ms. Royle!
yeah Tenacious D!!! :-)
Could be better. Ha. And yourself?
“The best revenge is happiness, because nothing drives people more crazy then seeing someone actually having a good life
Check out my review and photos for Brookland's new kid on the block - on in just a few hours!
Well, it's 6:30AM. I guess I'll go to bed now. Later dudes.
I don't want to plan my week in Civics or my Titanic lesson for tomorrow. Tired. Cold. It's storming. Ugh.
Latest Job openings @ Sapient Corporation | sapientjobs
But thats not to say that I'm not afraid of long nights dwelling on past mistakes.
Thanks! Good to be back home! :D
I will never do a " I gotta go to work tweet ", cause has that locked up. It just doesn't feel right when any1 else does it.
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up. James A. Baldwin
haha nice to meet u how old r u by the way <U+E056> cuz u seem really cute<U+E056><U+E414>
you're so welcome. So how is my best friend doing?
Good questions posed by : TEACHERS: What are you discussing in class re: Osama's death? What questions are students asking?
Kings Score woooootwoooot
EA is especially bad for that. Just let me play NHL 12, guys!
When you reeeaalllly have to go to the bathroom & your teacher wont let you.. #UGH .
its ok
g-nite John Boy.
Taylor Gang or drown in a ketchup pool.
They're a great bunch and they love having you. Thanks so much for joining us!
just bought one of your hoodies the superkian13 one :)
Our nap much too long, Old black tomcat licked my nose Roughly with fish breath.
Happy April Fools People!:D
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and <---FOLLOW
If I can get an eye on a fingertip without smashing it constantly and another on the back of my head, the eyes have it.
Congratulations! I hope y'all have fun in Aruba!
damn dat is true. U don't go clubbin or nun
gray area. 1/2 cheating and 1/2 being resourceful. You lose points for forgetting in the 1st place.
Hurt people... HURT people and Negative people attempt to bring you into the same playing field as them. No thank you!!
Watching Forgetting Sarah Marshal
“: Every girl in my grade is literally getting a fucking ferrari for their first car #wtf” cause u go to heritage
I'm over Green Week. The league should use its power to introduce lesser known causes to fans and players!
Proud Of Ian Somerhalder!!! You love him too?? Then RT and Trend it !!! :) <U+2764>
Does anyone else feel like they've sometimes been plopped in as a character in an indie film? It's been one of those nights...
Yeah, Lakers will get off the mat and win a couple games.
so, I can download Kindle and be able to download books or are we talking something different?
Hi! I'm an equal opportunity chocolate eater for sure :)
If you need shelter, Text SHELTER + your ZIP code to 43362.
Grandma comes todayy!
Someone Told Me Im Racist Cuz I Said White People. Wth? U Want Me To Say "The Americanos"?
come to room 416
LLT!!! I got your postcard!! You're the best. :) can you me and OovoO soon??
Q4) Another thing to say often: Did you check the [insert internal collar site] for answers to your question?
When you called her "quim", I gasped, and everyone in the theatre looked at me like I was an idiot.
Join The BelmontTavern on Facebook / Twitter and stay in touch with the grand opening in June. Cathedral Square will be even more exciting!
why do only humans have twitter?
You need to claim your free pizza code before Feb 19th. Do it ASAP so you don't forget!
Really? Is that a direct quote. What is happening to Steele? I had such great hopes for him!
we are officially closed...for tonight.
I can *assure* you, it is worth watching. It'll hook you. And I don't like 1) scary or 2) zombies.
I love how,u,,touch me there ;) hnnnn yes
I've never heard silence quite this loud.
George is the best!
cry me a river! deal with the train!
Your welcome dude!
<< doesn't fuck with too many people
is back in the press room now.... talking about being inspired by whitney "there's a hole in the heart of music"
#MyTop10GucciSongs So Icy......
hm would me coming over be a good idea cuz idk if i can go to the 1D house party......grrr
Busy busy busy. 3 words that describe my days.
If a "player" gets played he was NEVER a "player"
Thank you for mention leveraging data!
Yes. PHP is part of our default stack. I'm being integrated into mainstream projects now, so I need to swallow my prejudices
Funny when you realize you're gonna look back on all this and think its completely silly
Research and Markets: What Do Patients Think of Health Apps? is a Report that Contains Results from 100 Patient Groups ...
Yep Breakfast was pretty good. Now back to work
I hope you have them my info!
Run for your lives! It's those goddamned flying pigs again!
The gas leak at the building across the street from my office was resolved. Whew. That could have been explosive.
are live tomorrow night at the Rose Bowl in Tulsa, Oklahoma! Come out and join us!
Many people don’t realize that interviews are two-way streets. Ask good questions to understand if the job is right for you.
thanks #publishers for sharing fave #twipubs! we'll throw out some more fab lists:
The only thing we have to fear is BROCCOLI itself.
We gotta whole lot of features for "Remy, Rubbers & Regrets" history in da making!!
what hospital did you stay at?
When you suffer a great loss you learn to appreciate life, love&friendships. You can shutdown or be open. I chose the latter:)
Pickup Line: Your place or mine? Tell you what? I'll flip a coin. Head at my place, tail at yours
RT : extra bright i want you to see this <--- <U+E419>
oh shit, that means all hell is going to break loose!
Saw a car take out the front end of an SUV as he pulled out from a parallel spot and somehow lost my bus $ making sure they were ok.>:(
got you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
what did other corners do % wise compared 2 gilmore?
dont be in a relationship if u goin 2 act single
that's easy they area people who live in the northern part of Spain. I believe they're not to found of the gov't of Spain as well
These Canadians kickin ass right now lmaoooo
i bought tickets for the philip's arena show x
Another drop by Finley
In Montana! Roads still good! :-)
Is gabe saporta sitting in front of me rn
When you finally get comfortable and ready to study, then realize you have to pee<<<<<
um did u look at all the pics on chive ??
In maths , its soo boring , I need ma bed ....
Seriously after watching Wilbur unwanted a pot belly pig. Too bad I have an allergic reaction to em. :/
Kiss me like you miss me. Fuck me like you hate me.
Just got the shots for the December cover by local photographer They are stunning!
"Margarita" RT : "I'll Have Another" wins Kentucky Derby.
he does seem tired...must be growing! He's fake crying here lol
"I believe time slows in reaction to you and your dreaming."
I didn't get it.
Dear phone, I drop you, I say I hate you, I throw you, I lose you, I forget you, but... I couldn't live without you.
If you can move 3 emotions in one video, you're a genius. - Tim Street
u mahomies need 2 wake up n start takin my bro bro advice to wat he says about the kid. nobody is hating its the truth chillax
Stay tuned for a Q&A w/ Tim Gunn in advance of his visit this weekend...
Shapiro: Social movements precede canon reformation/recovery.
S/O to Dirtysouthradio for all yalls continued support!! We bout to Add another City to this FLA Saga Homie!!!
In the bed of his Chevy on the outskirts of town <3..
Thanks for the follow. and I really enjoyed meeting you and the Keller Estate Pinot Noir 2008!
firefox 3D HTML inspection is neato
OH CRAP. I forgot! I'm so sorry! I'll do that as soon as I get home from school tomorrow! Text me and remind me!
If you liked yesterday weather wise, you're going to love today. More of the same on the way. Change is in the air.
Thank you!! I wanna be like when I grow up!
you welcome
Be safe
It's not like you care anyways? Right? Okay.
not much longer until im back on Top!
Twitter is an ocean of self-promotion.
It's National Public Health Week - what's the biggest public health concern in your community?
is one kool kid.(:
followed by breakfast at Balsan...
": Good morning Twitter Fam. Have a great day!" Good Morning, cuz! Much love...
what's goody fam
I'm inlove with you.
would love to hear your thoughts on what I've built into ClassConnect so far!! :D
To in Boone and with in Chapel Hill-Weekend Warriors!
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
Members of the Youth Council are enjoying the inauguration of the ! Looking forward to working with all in next 4 years!
much appreciated
fan perspective...which condemns players more, participate in a bounty or on strike ?? best answers RTd
4am mixing with and the wicked genuis of on & this is sounding Ace! Its in the mix!
I want to go, but then I saw the student price ($260-320!!). Any volunteer scholarships? Otherwise I'll watch online.
Couldn't ask for a better group of guys to go out with. This is my family forever
“: Married, 2 kids, with a phone full of naked gay men, but you're straight? Lies!!!!!” lmao
Love like in the movie titanic >
gaslgnslcngsflkngfklngflkgnsfklgnfd so much shit to do tomorrow, definitely will not have time to go to work :(
CAN SQUIRRELS BE ZOMBIES?..WE'D LIKE TO WRITE A SONG ABOUT IT..A ZOMBIE SQUIRREL IN NEXTS SEASON WALKING DEAD WLD B COOL! F/S
omg i think i couldn't stop screaming :D it would be so amazing !!
Thanks so much for asking:)
“Don’t wait for the perfect moment. Take the moment and make it perfect.” Melissa Barrak
I'm mean they serve everyone and they are open past midnight.....hm
stanley cup playoffs are to blame. Between that and all Of the sonics commercials ir want to die
it all makes me more than anything, maternal, meeting him and his dad way before all this. scary how acontextual all the hubbub is.
sinlge ladies was a dumb ass show
My cat is the best cat EVER!
I'll rock it!
Ton of members have gone to work for the Herald. , to name a few.
Does anyone on twitter feed their pets raw meat? I've hard that dogs stay young forever on raw meat. Does anyone know?
RT : Looking forward to some Luna de Miel to celebrate Cinco de Mayo - only
We about to go HAM on the escalator!
Nothing says "ready for the season" like getting shut out by the Cardinals.
Remember when DJ's had to actually be able to DJ? Had to be able to mix, cut, scratch, etc. on 12's. No Ableton or Traktor.
just heard Dick Clark has passed away. always sad to loose such a great talent regardless of age
Alice was her name yeeeeessssssss
twitter crazy if you dont tweet for some days you lose followers i lost 20 followers for no reason smh
Cookies? I recall that is not what we wanted. What happened to the Ice Cream Bars?
FTW: Overheard a co-worker doing an interview, referencing Rocky Horror Picture Show.
has an audition for a #Walmart commercial tomorrow... purty dang excited!
um because the pigs are going to eat their babies?
congratulations bob
This summer is going to be amazing. Nobody better fuck it up
Onslaught of Skinny Jeans, song name xD
EDC_Dallas2012, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Trying to decide whether or not to follow the East Coast #WDYTYA twitter chat or not or wait until it is on on the West Coast.
"Do you have a room w/ no windows - so you can't tell what time of day it is?" That question wins today's biscuit.
Absolutely, looking forward to it as well. Have you been to Pittsburgh before?
Be the first to see the moving choir tomorrow at the Knitting Factory!
That is officially our new theme song
he was annoying
It seems like Odom has given up on life since he was traded .
K PEOPLE, JUST WONDERING, WHAT's UR FAVORITE "ROCK" or "COUNTRY" SONG & BY WHOM?????
every1 go follow for a follow back
The Latino Symposium this Saturday at St. Sabina in Chicago featuring the film...The Interrupters...at 9:30 am to 2:30 pm...
#alphamale burns himself while trying to cook.
Was just on the phone with for a half hour & I have no idea what happened. Not sure what equipment I'm getting? Bizarre.
sometimes I really think my brother been curzed.. if not. This Nigga done did shit only he know..
belly full.
"Dedicated to the pursuit of excellence."
Architects lead in vision clarity - ability to #inspire others
i just ate the biggest rice crispy treat ever, i feel sick now but it was worth it haha
One more corona and im goin to sleep
You guys Rock!
or as I like to call it, "no carb week that I don't keep, so it's like every other week."
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake
yea I felt that way too :P lol
Excited to hear about future hacks/cracks.
Hidden malware somewhere on the site. I'm trying to find it and fix it. ACK!
VERY MUCH SUPPORT RT : It's #TeacherAppreciationWeek - show your theater, drama, art, and music teachers some love this week!
Go Badgers! Did you see that shot of awesome basketball gear as they cut to commercial just now? :)
I feel like having a horror movie night. Any suggestions on some really good ones to watch?
Join us at 11:00 a.m. on the 11th day of the 11th month of 2011 for our 3rd Annual MillerCoors Veterans Day Ceremony.
SHOUT OUT TO KIARA !!! (key-r-a)
It is! RT : Are you a member of FitFluential, Inc. yet? If not, go now and join up! It's an awesome community of people! :)
You don't let obstacles stop you .. you just adjust your expectations and keep moving forward.
I wonder if people pay my tweets any thought...??
Cold as it's been, the tomato plants are still hanging onto life in my garden.
Flickr it isn't but it gives us a place to talk about our favorite shots. Let's enjoy each others pictures.
Aye Laker fans. Ready to take another L tonight????:
Blows me away how some progressives talk on and on about how marriage is for rich people, then dedicate so much energy to marriage rights.
I couldn't imagine a better way to spend my day then at my awful job. Huzzah!
Hey fellow Oskar Blues drinker. Have you had G'Knight? (I assume yes). I am HOOKED on it. So tasty.
Do NOT be ashamed of the work that Jesus has done in your life! Your are brand new in Him! He has set you FREE!
Workshop cancelled :( ah well time to do other acting homework instead.
Gonna be at the school until 8. :p
I think it's easier if you break it down into parts: (1) map the data to some space where it's linearly seperable
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 13
Thanks to and everyone else who has dedicated a song so far!
"....and beyond! " YaY Enjoy life
Oh yeah & I hope christina doesn't do tht shit where giving Justin dirty looks & acting all stink with an attitude like there's no need.....
It was at that moment when you realize that you know the person at 1OO%, he will prove to you that you do not know anything about him.
Happy New Year! Wishing you much success in the year ahead.
I agree!
: The Koha community has held the code lightly...with lots of trust.
gotta make up our miiiiiiiinnddd. oh us play play play all the same old games and we wait wait wait for the end to change
Golf Channel Biggest Rating Tiger Woods Scandal
omg, I can be a darling niece if this come in plus sizes!
i am sure your wife would have loved an elaborate lip sync. seduction abounds as long as your record doesn't skip
Happy Green Beer Day!!!!!
People Shouldn't Hate Ari For Living Her Dreams. It's Silly And Useless.
Rounded filed nails <
All Kerr's appreciate a good Laker :p “: At least Kerr and Marv appreciate MWP.”
Looking for #slpeeps with experience in #ABA or similar approach in the #Miami area, *Please RT*
This is the perfect holiday for tequila, tortilla chips, and salsa lovers
": Oh the days when this fandom was all about carrots and video diaries."
I was upset earlier and my mom says,"I think the answer is that you should shut up and start writing."
Josh: "Caleb, how old are you?" Caleb: "A poop." What the hell?!?
We are LOCKED on our top secret new project. Coming to an Internets near you soon!
Watching makes me smile
He's so sweet, hah.
Crossing my fingers for the #duncanhines House Party!! I love baking and would love to host that party!!
I may have my faults but everything I do my intentions are for the good of it all..
We know a great hotel in San Antonio! On the River Walk— stylish, romantic, and unique. Give us a call. We'd love to host you!
Wifi works great
11:11 make that wish that will never come true. >.>
Denaye get on my nerves .
after a year of being spoiled on my Keurig at home I finally figured out how to use the office coffee maker.
Words that will make your day: "today's flight will include The Muppet Movie for your entertainment"
got that rite im hoping randy orton wins his match and john cena destorys brock lesner
Just chillin', working on a new track today! It's perfect weather outside and I'm stuck in here on this pc lol
Where the hell is my wallet?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Just got a sweet pair of running shorts to complete my #marathon ensamble! I am all ready!
I have been in all day......trying to conquer this cold, but it keeps winning the battle and yet I am not giving up
So, I've confessed before about my little crush on he follows some random people, and yes I aspire to one day be one of them!
Going sit and go crazy on PokerStars!!
The name, if nothing else, sounds like something from Mars.
Anyone else feel that earthquake? Scary stuff
LMAO! RT : How many people still think I'm ???? His name has 9 letters, mine has 4.
sanctions because some football players stayed at hotel near campus because dorms weren't ready and got discount rates.
That was really good organic black bean soup from trader joes almost as good as amys version but half the price just saying...happiness is!!
The #mcdm students presenting at our final event of #hackingedu are rocking it!
Nice picture (:
Que susto ehhhh?! How ya doing post #earthquake cuz?
Thanks! If (when) I make it to Vegas on book tour, I'll certainly be in touch! I'd be grateful for the opportunity ....
WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS!!
Is really that amazing? man i think i need to buy there cd, so behind
yo - what happened to ap?
student deeper discount 20% for April only on ALL 3-21 day #USA #tours #travel official partners
but never let her win, ever!
$200 million is great deal of money to turn away and not use to take a chunk out of the 500K uninsured children in Florida...
CONGRATULATIONS THE AMERICAN KING
#AskObama - Why dont we cut foreign aid to ease the deficit? We don't have the money for domestic programs? Why give it to other countries?
Watching get his game on.
Piece of this Peyton puzzle no one is talking about, Tennessee Volunteer legendary backup qb Jim Bob Cooter was a Colt is now KC Chief.
We should also mention that today is your last day to get a big-ass sandwich until Thursday! We'll be closed Mon through Wed (4/23-4/25).
good road win. No Tim Abromaitis needed
I read some of their marketing plans; they think they have only 25% of possible users as I recall, so expect more ads
Fear often exaggerates danger. <U+6848><U+305A><U+308B><U+3088><U+308A><U+7523><U+3080><U+304C><U+6613><U+3057>
all work and no play makes rob a dull boy
im going to wal-mart luv walmart (:
Headphones at night, keep the bullets noise outside
oh okay. A lot to cover. After Transformers, I used to watch Voltron. I wonder if there is podcast for that?
Thank you! RT : Thanks for the follow! Best of luck with Troilus and Cressida. :)
Your tirades during Baylor games are legendary.
That awkward moment when you tweet 484895994 times and he doesn't see it but when ur friend tweets him ONE time he sees it.
very magical. (but all the crazies are out tonight! be careful!) RT Magic moon tonight.
Goodnight guys! I love you. And you are beautiful no matter what anyone says. Always remember that<3
We do indeed have the iPad app on the drawing board! Until then we use ReadPrint with Safari on the iPad. We'll keep you posted.
Amen! RT : "#GirlsShould never be afraid to be smart." - Emma Watson
Finally! Maybe now you can finally fall back sheesh
A1. Best part of Spring Break is sun, sand and cocktails. Memories are a little fuzzy, so that'll have to do. :-)
sure, logan.
The most #AMAZING things happen when one stays true to their character...
Brock half-off is not a great deal. have a look at these, 80% off...
what's the worst movie you've ever seen?
WHOLE album actually resonated w/ me. Dead Sea. Submarine. Stubborn Love. Big Parade. DM me if you can't find them, I can send...
I wasn't sure if it was so I didn't want to be all awkward about it
Sweet! Poured another fresh one and I'm ready for the finish!! Burnin down the house!!
oh wow when was this taken?
Be sure to check out our 12 days of Christmas giveaway on our FB page!
Anything for tomorrow yet in Austin? :) (I'll be looking out for tix tomorrow too!)
u should check those DM's then lol ;) *wink wink wink*
With your wit & intelligence, you are going to be in First Class! And it will be well-deserved!
Filming weekend round two. 24 page script, 13 pages to go. We don't mess around. In the words of will smith,
man I'm too blessed to be stressed. Thxs for the prayers... Glad you're doing well my man. Keep doing your thing over there!!!
Tyson, even. Thanks, autocorrect.
Thanks for thinking of us Souna! Much appreciated!
but as veteran leaders we fight an uphill battle against certain stereotypes. This doesn't help.
I like it...I was just surprised at the tough review.
No one can get in my way.
Lord God bless my FL&PG She preached us on to our next... #SuperGirls #FightLikeAGirl #Toe2Toe wowowozers!!!!
John Clayton says the #Steelers are one of the top 3 winners of the draft! YES!! And w/a new OffCoord : Lookout!
Forgot how dope Ice Cube's Death Certificate CD is!!!
First time I've ever been offloaded from an F train in Brooklyn. I feel like I'm on the metro in DC. Ha.
I had a pizza puff for the first time in 8 years today I miss Chicago
Going to Vin Santo in #middleton for best tiramisu ever.
are we gonna see your fine behind on #rhonj this year?
Wheres the party @?! Its the last of the warm weather = (
#thatminiheartattackwhen you think you forgot to clock back in after lunch
Flying V iolin!
125 cappers with their FB selections posted today with 4 college consensus plays and one landslide in the NFL on the Chargers laying 7
Amazing RT "She is free."
15th and W. Pretty close to my current place.
were almost ready. as soon as we are i will let you know. and a website coming soon aswell!!
doesn't look like the conversation ended <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Happy Mothers Day cousin I <U+2764> u muahhhh
I love that feeling of the first drink of water after you've been dying of thirst for what seems like forever. <3
you tell'em!
I have not forgotten you! Just yesterday I was like I need to write Lesley.... ha lets talk tomorrow!
Am realizing that you might really like the book I'm reading right now (due in 2 days). Do you know The Hare w/ Amber Eyes?
Awesome see you than!!
Colbert: "It looks like Boehner will be speaker--unless he blocks his confirmation out of habit" RT : :
Today's the Ides of May / Idus Maiae in the ancient Roman calendar. Nothing to beware today, I hope.
Ha! Fair point.
Shout out to my people who do real things. You wanna be's can suck my Dick...TWICE. but then again EVERYONE IS REAL, NO ONE IS FAKE
That annoying moment when you're trying to sleep and pass the door, wall, and another door & over my music.. I still hear my dad snoring
I've been waiting for the big #rva snow ball fight so bring on some snow, doesn't look like it's going to happen any time soon.
Now you do, Loehr! Now you do!
I just woke from a hard nap.
I'm in need of some cocoa puffs.
Some love lasts a lifetime. True love lasts forever.
One step at a time to make it to CBS
Worst photo contract I've ever seen for #coachella. Includes all artists playing. Guess this is my last year shooting.
I used to be able to listen to Art of the Matter on my NPR iphone app every week. Haven't seen a new one on it since May. Why?
He's so brillant.
five more facebook fans!
Listening to the intro to #Obama's Barnard College speech which mentions all the women in high roles Obama has appointed.
Outlining chapters for my book in the works -- "The Internet Middlemen"
Second period underway from the OKC leads 1-0 in Game 5
It's sunny out now but I hear thunder. Rainy, rainy day.
EW! UGLY TATTOOS ARE EVEN WORSE!
but im sure youll do fine and get the job.. dnt worry... what kind of restuarant is it
getting ready off to school and then taken my college writing final!!
I'm a loser too. It's all good.
What's the event??
HUGE THANK YOU to ELVIS & MTEL CELLULAR for the amazing Hot Spot at our Hirshberg Training Team Cheer Station!
oh I'll remind you..
I hate flying.
Watching tough enough from last year still think Andy was the wrong choice which explains why he got released
we should!!!
The producers from that commercial I was in got me another job but this time its in a feature film! :D
Creative pros need courage. Learn from courageous people like who does meaningful work
yeah new testament sounds terrible. But I gott catch some zs maria, can't have you keepin me on twitter all night
Suffering from a current case of Twitter's block due to the gloomy weather outside. Rain rain go away...
so glad to work with you much as well. you smart girl, know so much bout social media
i can't concentrate in school thanks to you , legit you're always on my mind.
“: we never did see horn to horn, todd.” :(
Lol my wire from my braces snapped in half and my dentist was all like "what?? Thats the first time ive seen that happen!!"
Not "sexy" lmfao
Don't think I can get Chef Drew to give that up! Glad you enjoy & happy experimenting
LOTR as hipsters?
jail abuse commissioner robert bonner says commission must do its own investigation "no offense to the LA Times. its my favorite newspaper"
They loving the crew +_+
What size venue are you looking for?
Health2 innovator DocPons would like to enter 100 day challenge with Aetna.
sounds delicious!! And yes, ANYONE, can, and is encouraged to volunteer!!
I'd agree, but "Ray of Light" is SO. GOOD. RT : I'm starting to think Madonna actually peaked with "Like a Prayer", tbh.
chicks who know their sports get a Huge Kawhi Leonard hand sized PLUS in my book! ;)
#Baltimore Thanks for the comment MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
Great! You?
last day tomorrow get out at 10:30 and than get to go home and relax before the big game!
i am so over this rain with #Lee. It's not raining, it's windy and i guess I could say it's not hot. Playing with my video channel, alive
Wish I could be there. You'll be terrific!
Spent the day filming in Asda with St Charles School as part of their activity week!! We even had 'trolley cam'
Yes; 4th Bobby in 5 seasons.
Hello Monica, just wanted to say hi and best wishes on the new album...i'm forever a huge fan since After the Storm CD
Physicians typically are not early adopters. Not so with the iPhone and iPad.
So much snow!
any upcoming St. Paddy's events ??
Who to FB stalk tonight? hm.
What kind of music do you all play?
The only time I feel alive is when I'm painting. - Vincent Van Gogh
if greed isn't good hon then maybe you should explain the rumors about your bedtime exploits!! girls want some too love!!
Count is all screwed up in SD8. Going to be a long night. We still have a shot but odds not in our favor.
thanks for the shout out!
Ain't No Dick Worth My Life Strapped Up Shawdy .
But you're so young. You're so young. You look in my eyes. So young, so sweet, so surprised. You look so young, like a daisy in my lazy eye.
"The opposite of poverty is not wealth. … In too many places, the opposite of poverty is justice.” (Bryan Stevenson)
Dude! A triathlon! But, MailChimp? Really!?
it's friday! i am so glad. what a long week!
I didn't eat enough this morn & almost threw up 2 hrs ago takin this family 2 the Pfister from H20 street. Made it, awkwardly lol
thank you sweet girl! :)
smokes weed every day, refuses to learn how to pack a bowl
i still owe you something from back in the day haha
So the only team I love more than the Mets beat them yesterday. This weekend I live in a house divided. Go
Happy Easter everyone! Have a blessed day with your families.
RT Exercise is good for you & your baby.
hoping to put it all back on today with a mega lunch!!
that made me shed alil tear
Looks like Oregon is having a tough time.
today is a beautiful day can anyone agree
Happy Monday to my new twitter friends Have a great week!
His name is not Robert his first name is Greatest last name Ever <33
Touch down
I get to see this weekend!
I'm not saying he's a punk although he's definitely not a real nigg@
Break a leg (it's opening night)! I'll be at the show Sunday -
damn wats my password
no turn around
hm imma lil selfish but maybe
your welcome, enjoy your day
I'm going to give up something trivial for lent to please off the invisible man in the sky.
is the screening free? I have my little nephew in town for 40 acres fest :)
Doing well, my friend. Took a day off and enjoyed the gorgeous NYC day. Have a great weekend!
as soon as PacMan get off that juice.
RIP Davy Jones of The Monkees
i am!
Tomorrow is March for Babies Day! We are looking forward to seeing you at Tropical Park. Registration starts at 7:30 a.m.!
no one does really but you will addicted to it lol
Happy Sunday from everyone here at Chispa!
thanks! just prepare yourself for a new record in March. We can't stress how important it is that you are prepared
Its not fair that my feet hang off the bed and 's don't.
absolutely..a dear friend almost went with your documentary team to Darfur she was/is passionate about it as am I. Thank U!
Hey has anyone made a lunch guide for infocamp? Maybe I can do one.
oh please girl don't flatter yourself. You aren't that great... #yousuck <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
RT : ...very interesting discussion at the Physician breakfast. Is your physician using an EMR?
Omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg RT : I will announce #mahonetothewestcoast date in LA by Fri.
Too tired to be awake right now. I just wanna stay in my bed all day.
Understanding fully loaded costs essential to achieving real impact and scale says David Greco of
Happy birthday to Joey Fatone (NSync) and Nick Carter (Backstreet Boys). Wonder if they ever had a joint party?
Lmao only u wuld put that lol too funny
Turntablist? Clearly some important topics we haven't discussed yet.
Diss Card Him (for Her) @ www.kandizone.com
I miss him, like crazy !
Fishing???RT : I always wanted to have a event for mother's day for single mothers tho
Just wondering about new opportunities. And yes, I'm going to have to get to bed a bit earlier :)
Thanks for the follow, Jessica Moon, astrology, alchemy ... love it.
went to massive art show, street art theme was interesting, gonna write review & then lesson plan... oh and grade dem papers. so ya, coffee
subway moisture
I'm dying up here! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Thank you for sharing this, Niccole, it's such a beautiful photo! We spy a Mac Duggal "couture" gown. +1 for the selection!
“Footfalls echo in the memory, down the passage we did not take, towards the door we never opened, into the rose garden.” <U+2015> T.S. Eliot
MOB WIVES
Lady said I won the award for the most contacts hitting 606! Did that get me a free case or car changer? No! Best purchase tho!!
gotta save my money and work my butt off for these tours :)
If you like food, then we're interested in YOU :)
How was your first week of school?
I love how John cena used his old them song
I want to see the Harbaugh brothers face off in the Super Bowl, so go Ravens!
haha I have no trouble sleeping!
Oh, your own picks. At first I thought you were putting your own swing on top.
there is a super out of tune guitar or he keeps hitting a wrong fret
We have our moments lol RT : Sorry, upset Nick Chick moment. I'm done. (:
no sir. 2 weeks.
without a doubt you should check out drgavingrant.com - our whole family goes.
Happy Birthday! C
no too soon
it is awesome!
thx for the love Sarah; luv your profile pic- so pretty!
Is there a quiz in chap tomorrow?
Scene bites at edgemar tonight! Short scenes and free food! Come see me and a host of other talented actors onstage! :) edgemar.org/events
The AAH starts today! I am especially looking forward to Jerzy Linderski's (UNC) 'Ink and Blood: Ernst Badian and the Art of History'
Yeah nows a perfect time to have it up! I love those commercials! They dont show them enough where Im at! Haha :))
aloha dan! i was wondering if we could ever get you on talking Miami Heat on with ESPN in Honolulu?
Bosh has to do A Lot better in this series, if the Heat plan on winning ...
Hey chica havin u & following my twin sis & I would be the coolest thing ever! u laides r amazing :D
Today we commemorate the life of the Holy Martyr Anysia (on Dec.30 old style) and Holy Martyr Tatiana (Jan. 12 new style)
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Jake Lunardi °Rising 11th °Lake Forest, CA °Travel Team: El Toro High °Power Forward 6’5
has the chicago bears Jay Cutler elite jersey sold out or it hasn't been posted yet?
A new SHAQ in Purple and Gold! RT Just committed to the UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON
If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure.
let's go McIlroy
Congratulations! Your short & today's long were a joy to watch. So proud of you! Well deserved victory!
THE KING WILL BE POSTING A NEW VIDEO THIS WEEKEND.. BE READY FOR IT!!
We agree! “: Figured it out: No #2011USWomensOpen & no rain for 3 mo's. here & rains buckets. We need more golf!”
I will not go to McDonald's for a large fry. I will not go to McDonald's for a large fry. Wait why am I in the drive thru?
HAHAHA!! We should slide down the hallway together! You don't know what you're missing : )
Studies show that when you have a buddy your are 7x more likely to stick to a fitness regemine!
I feel so good right now..... It's like a waterfall....
<100 VIP tickets left! Get them now or be :(. Door prizes every half hour. FREE & 1st for personal autographs. Front rows in panels.
Not true. Why do you think that?
So when Gamefly bought Direct2Drive, I can now no longer get access to my games I bought on there without buying a GameFly subscription
Just got bryant for april fools! Hahahaha I had him thinking was dead lmao!
Algeria&#39;s first president dies at 96
Bubblicious by PBZ from Memphis is my motherfreakin jam. That's the type of song that makes u stop the car, get out and grab ya ankles lol.
Headlines just hit the stage at Redamte Coffee House in Madison! Come hang out for their acoustic performance plus the return of Pasiflora!
Hi D! Happy 2012:) Coffee soon?
catching up on tweets, can you tell me more about troublesome catalogers meetup? and ribbons? =D
You can be an Honorary Classy Bitch. ;)
Wouldn't it be nice to make as much as a rock-star for one year!
At job #2....ready and prayed up....
I deserve drugs more than you, I have exiskeletosis; my skeleton tries to leave by jumping out of my mouth.
#Diablo3 comes out soon I'm so excited and just entered to win a Diablo 3 Mega Prize Give away thanks to and
Richmond ices Vandy's Ezelie. at the free throw line...4.7 seconds left Richmond up 68-65
Shameless and pointless retweet because I love him. ": Thanks Anna!"
then eat lol
is basically the best collection of fun late night folks ever.
I have a weird feeling about today :/
Kindness cops to this being their 8th show ever. "Steep learning curve."
That was record time! Can't wait to find out who won! Thanks tuned for more giveaways!
liar. it gave me the answer. magic = ruined.
GO TO WHATABURGER
Happy Cinco De Mayo! Playing "Los Mariachis De Mexico" to begin the celebration.
To calculate Solar noon take 120 mins add 4 mins for every degree longitude you are west. Just in case you need to know what time noon is!
#Gophers are 6 minutes to
": Congrats to the IFC "Fraternity Excellence Award" Winners for 2012: Pike, SAE, & Sigma Chi."
Kings staying for one more season! look forward to seeing them Great job for all your hard work!!
I meant a <U+2639> earlier not the happy one, wow
Both! I'll check ya out!
what are the sections for the HUSH homeowork?
Lindsay Mikel - put down the purses and turn around slowly. Find the nearest exit and leave Nordstrom immediately! -your frugal self
RN20 you don't know what you got till its gone. RIP Ryan I hope we made you proud today.You will be missed so much.
You knew you were in hockey country up here in the NE, Hockey yahoo heaven!
The only person you have to impress is yourself.
good lord!
I'm scared of going back....scared to move forward.
“: You know what happens when you're pretty, funny AND nice? People fall in love with you. Fuck That - lets see where that gets ya!
omg did he accept? what's his skype again? i wanna send him a letter too and buy him somethin :) all his stuff is amazing omg
Enjoyed a fantastic session "On Being With Dying," hosted by SD Hospice and featuring Roshi Joan Halifax yesterday and today. Thank you SDH
Drop product development time by half using customer feedback #SCRM #CRMe11 presentation
you bring my hubby SUCH inspiration ( ha food ++) and I win. We both love your style,your joy. Wish you continued success.
haha, that's a good song
So last week at #PILGF I had just finished meeting and speaking with Arne Duncan, todayI am moving furniture. Ahh, the life of a HS teacher.
how long have you been doing it on your own?
Our Newest DVD Has Arrived! "Trust-Based Parenting: Creating Lasting Changes in Your Child's Behavior" Go to www.child.tcu.edu to order $45
RT : Your "network of relationships" can be one of your most valuable assets ... or your largest liability.
love the new site! Just got done w/ school so more time to read. Rant is on the list
Yes Yes Yes Lord! I OBEY!!!! song "Yes To Your Will" stirring all in me....
Thug life was the reason for this!!
Yahoo CEO and the missing computer science degree
In Brazil now but I hear it's snowing in Chicago. Hope this doesn't mess up my plans to get to San Diego through O'Hare Airport!
When all you do is consume things to galvanize and feed your pain body, you will eventually consume yourself
Today's #ff is brought to you by beautiful photographs. Follow for beautiful shots of campus!
My job here is done... :)
After a conversation yesterday, I think the climatologists aren't doing a good enough job.
nice meeting you at magic.. Lets talk soon
I really want to see it again.
Thought I had but I hadn't. Now I have.
Time to get crazy! What we doing , , , and !?!
shout out 2 she follow bac
salsa- still learning and as for my age range, 18-24
Thats awesome!!! Congrats to all!! :)
are we really #359milesapart ?
Dao said he has gotten them from sources or seen them while embedded. It's like a police report, he said.
well that sucks! Go stay with someone!
Mrs.Buell better love me after all this homework :/
Language matters. Would you rather work in ‘the back of the house’ or the ‘heart of the house?’
Man I'm ready for this to be over
Why does he stay on our minds?
Dueces my Twiggerz bout to hop in the league 2K12
Lots of fun! It also triggered a small bout of Stockholm Syndrome.
Harrison Ford's got your back. RT Totally true: I don't worry about crashing while on AF1 but sometimes get nervous on other planes
"He's in touch w/ his emotions." "Speak your truth." What do these sentences even mean? They carry implied meaning but no literal one.
My moms gonna be here in 6 hours people!!!
Paul Arthur White (P.A.W.) lmao
aw feel better(:
I will beat the brakes off that pussy.
ps. I get slugs in my room. they don't turn into anything.
Do u ever just quit being a quitter?
thank you!
U can block tweets but not bullets RT Only would go to Joe Buddens party to hit OfficiallyPie and Relly with the 38.
Hanging by the fire, enjoying the day with family!
We set sail on Nov. 12, bringing upcycled craft supplies and a hat-knitting workshop to the Trumbullplex. 12 - 6 pm. 4210 Trumbull, Detroit.
Lisa Sun: Ask yourself: are you willing to work at a fast paced and high stress environment?
Ever since , Anita Hill, & the Coke Can, I call'em Repubes.
Watching Madonna try to move is so painful. I'll take michael Jackson in his current state over this mess.
Goodnight twitter.
two more days to Friday Woooooohooooooo!!!!! BAM!!!
that scared the crap out of me!
He's on to us! RT : There's a very curious, and seemingly distrusting, penguin in front of the #Penguincam right now.
i see people who seek joy thru they significant others, you could make ur self haappier than the broke ass buster, alone
Because you don't see me don't mean I don't feel your struggle. I'm work by the hour every hour to get my homies off the block on the real.
Line up all you Cinderellas and Snow whites my Ped Pal foot scrubbys will have your Mr. Prince, as in Mr.Sorta right kissing your flip flops
lol RT : how'd you like to be head of Fox polls tonight? (def sleep/ w lights on); MT Fox poll: Obama up 7 pts
Nothing more embarrassing for a big, strong guy than sneezing with a squeak.
UNICORN IS OPEN & HAS POWER! (and Happy Hour till 6:30pm). Heading there now....i'm scared of the dark!
aw thanks! i'll have to have you over when i'm settled in. :)
Its so hot outside -.-
Can't wait to see the Celtics Thursday night in #Milwaukee!! Shout out to #RajonRondo, #PaulPierce, #KevinGarnett, and #RayAllen! :)
looks like they're taking a leak!
how bout you use that anger to your advantage and meet me at the gym around 10:15?
Me and my bestfriend would love for you to follow us <3 Mahomie forever :DD
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
“: If a movie were to be made about our mining experiences what should it be called?” Dude, where's my Gold?
m there is nothing like the nice smell of coffee in the afternoon :)
And what's wrong with that? I'd like to know...// ...cause here I go again??
no its not. its february 19th.
Colleague has brought in her 2nd batch of apple crisp. We're suffering over here at
Tonight is Bikes on Beale and Hard Rock is hosting Military Appreciation Night honoring the Marines! Toys for Tots will benefit!
Folks Be Sayin "New Year, New Me" But Da Only Thing Dat Be Changin Is Dey Twitter Name Doe..
thanks girl!!(:
Everything must run its course..life can always start over new <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
#ThingsiGetAlot "whoa your cute, whoa your hot" I don't see it but y'all girls do and that's all that matters
if love to, I'll pack right now and get a flight to Hawaii
J Lin taken down a peg...it's about time
"Amy Farrah Fowler doesn't believe in costumes. She's the free spirit that I am."- Sheldon
xD Ohh. I see why your jellie donut Zerran.XD And wow. That is pretty..rare. D: Aha. Hope you had a good Halloween though
DO IT, you'll look bomb. ;)
lol no i dont have it. ill check it out later tonight!
Spending my birthday afternoon/evening in a graduate class followed by the 1st rehearsal for my play's staged reading. Pretty cool actually.
he had a legit reason. unlike Ty.Isnt it funny how Dawn is still so in love with him and also ignacio? how does stiles handle that?
and so does Kim, you and I are the strong arms of the bunch.
#SO to my fellow 500+ badger volunteers! Over 7000 community service hours this semester!
What if the hokey-pokey is REALLY what it's all about?
So i have decided that even though i'd love to wait for someone that doesn't know how they feel about me. I'm just going to be single fo ...
i love u! please follow me!! <33333333333
is #NowMarried and #NowPlaying "Alone With You"
just got done eating some food, breakfast for me :P Don't know what to do till work bahhh
I got stuck in your hood for a LONG time!!
I knew he was a teen cuz he was still in school and he looked like he was 16 or 17 but he was cute but I'm young to him so . . . yeaa
To bad I could'nt make it to the show tonight! I'm freaking sad! But I know you did something awesome tonight! Please follow me U.U
this would be a correct statement
Sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite.
i cant even watch it anymore lmfao
Okay Seouls! My bro has gone to the store with my mom. Let's chat it up before he comes back. O.O
Sayin "sorry" is like a match, you can only use it once. After the second try it's useless .
Anyone else think #osamabinladen story is suspicious? Almost too good to be true.
Raise your hand if you're playing the Beastie Boys right now.
supporting on their upcoming 2012 US dates will be
Do you have hot water in ur condo in our building this morn? Me no.
Coffee is what people drinks and never forgets
I dont enjoy the hair of those kids from One Direction. Those hairstyles fill me with unexplainable anger especially when they were on SNL.
Who's prairie doggin it...Me!
Rainy rainy day in South Florida. Anybody know of flight delays or cancellations at MIA?
Resource Capital Corp. Reports Results for Three Months Ended March 31, 2012
RT : #BreakingNews #Sheboygan Mayor Bob Ryan concedes and congratulates challenger in recall election.
only having to wipe once >>>>>>>
i wish i knew someone who could make this all happen <3 - kels
the moon better be impressive tonight
If you want the link to the -ACTUAL- tutorials, lemme know.
I was wondering why my bones were so small…
Okay. I just tweeted him too. We will see if he replys, I hope. Lol!
Thanks Collins. Pics for sure. Hopefully he doesn't look like E.T.
I said to my boyfriend "you shouldn't eat before you go swimming" He said "why?" I Said "you look fat!"
3 hour power outage: good excuse for staff "holiday" lunch (Happy Pi Day!), office cleaning, and uninterrupted conversations.
The amount of fuckery that comes to my phone is priceless!
Thanks for the follow Maggie! Stop in and see us next time you're downtown Indy :)
IT PISSES ME OFF SO BADLY.
No, watching Dr Strangelove.
I have unhealthy obsessions with &
That's very lefty of you. RT : s fsad f f
#NF the beautiful <~~~~~~~ everybody go follow her
RT : Celebrate your love of red white & blue at Smashburger. RT this msg. & receive a FREE Smashside or shake w/purchase of
I can't believe the dad on Still Standing and King Robert on Game of Thrones are the same actor.
I'm just about to head there myself. RT : At the #LexKy Farmers Market picking up my CSA share!
another year on the naughty list ,should of never ask for that ak extended clip .FUCK IT ,ITS JUST ANOTHER DAY IN MY LIFE ,LETS GO
: 80-90% of people I speak with who are experiencing pain actually make a change in backup vendors
I am "on hiatus" for 6 weeks at my job while it gets sold, so if there's any work, let me know, ok?
GRCH is looking for local restaurants to donate food & snacks during camp week. Email: if you are interested.
Saw today in the hall while touring SHS. Yeah, should have hugged her...
I'm not sure how this happened but I'm now following the beautiful
Uh...it's Orsbon, not Osborn
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset when ppl "swear" to god and know they'r lyin!
Thirst Tuesdays? Noo, that can't be right. Here's to any reason you need to have a good time!
Why have I not heard the #Bigten oops I mean the #B10 mentioned once since the A&M conference realignment discussion began? Huh? Why?
YES! That summer 2 do list doesn't have much checked off...one more week!
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 42
Boise Farmers Market, looking nice and smelling fine today despite a few clouds.
When will Twitter implement the search box and trending topics on the right side for every account?
Mad Genius. I like that. Mad.
There's a guy in this coffeehouse that is clearly depressed about a sig other and needs liquor, not coffee.
Poppers... Who knew? (Sleigh Bells - Road To Hell)
it's all good. I suck at Facebook worse than Twitter.
you need to come party with me and Ziljian sometime haha
APD pops 10 DWI drivers and seizes 4 vehicles at their overnight checkpoint at Central and California. NMSP 100 Days of Summer starts soon.
The distance is getting to me #Missing Him
That’s what I get for not paying attention...which has been a bit more common than usual for me lately. :)
We were in evac at work until a couple minutes ago, huddled in stairwells and inner offices. Storm's headed east now.
#first40songsonshuffle 34. Tell Me A Lie - One Direction!!
Ballard was fun,scored stout for Tues drinkup @ Bottleworks, just got downtown & settled @ the GT 1st & Pike. what to do now?
get a pic and bio, hon! (:
hey jess how u been i miss u
when can me u and link up
Clearly, I've answered your query. Several times. And clearly, you didn't like my answers. Can't help you further, Carlo.
"I do not take drugs -- I am drugs." ~Salvador Dali
I at least try to make her feel better at the end of the night.
Getting straightened out at the chiro.
Omfg Rachel looks so pretty!!!!
Call us 585-222-2899 with your local rochester request!
I'm getting drunk w/ sweet tea ;)
*rolls eyes*
I just wanna be in my own bed at home. Instead of stuck on this air mattress with my sister taking up the whole fucking thing
Got to Lov a girl that brings it !!!
Marguerite, excusable and justifiable
How was your day? =)
RIP Oscar-winner Cliff Robertson, La Lolla resident and longtime Scripps supporter.
I cried more than 2 times when I was seeing it. :( If you see it in 3D the glasses are harry potter's!
this CHICA is out
I want to skate today....
: True test of your character not how you deal with adversity but how you handle power.
check out in woodholme!
Yo! Everyone go follow my bro ---> he just made a twitter... #NOOB ;)
As long as you're going to dream anyway, dream big.
Don't forget to pick up a #WSJ today & find our #BoBNow Ad, page B-5!
Did you get in?
We love stuff.
It's getting hot outside I need sum sun glasses this sun killing my old eyes lol
New topic - Camera Bag for vacation
on who...text me
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone
"I remember when I actually liked you." Really? Well...I don't remember when I actually gave a damn.
Wilt Chamberlain....such a D-bag
Shoot, I was so busy not learning Russian for this trip that I forgot to not really learn Italian as well.
All I ever want to do is pe. WHY, BLADDER, WHY.
what have we gotten ourselves into
I hate when I feel like im not good enough for something..
sure -anna
Boo you whore!
Just saw Planning a TOYS for TOTS Bash @ the Shores Apt 1515 Ennis Joslin on Sat. Dec 19 from 2-4pm. Entry fee=1 new toy
Windmills don't mean squat! You gotta have flavor and musicality
Congrats Bon Iver, a much deserved Grammy. Not necessarily a new artist, but getting better every year.
come at me bro!
Good News, St. Stephen's Community House has been selected as our 1st partnering agency to receive a donation of over 3000 diapers.
Gipsy Kings with a less than lovely, but passable fella (who, hopefully is not on twitter). What are you up to?
next weds at Harlem tavern. I'm gonna be in dc most of this week.
oh well good luck!(:
Anyone who is anyone was a nobody once upon a time. Keep on pushing forward!
A while ago, you rec'd Peter Ho Davies' 'Equal Love' as good reading. Just picked up a used copy and enjoying it. Thank you!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I Hate My Mom
Good morning! Don't forget to submit your writing sample for our very first 'Theatre By the Blind Scriptwriting Competition!'
Wait, is Mitt Romney actually running for president? Like...with the intention of winning?
with and and drinking crown And gettin down
aww thank you
Fantastic Mixer last night with lots of information and demonstrations on 3D filming and cameras and some great contacts!
Beliebers! SIT DOWN! You don't know anything about Austin & your already judging?! Justin has already has enough awards! Austin deserves it!
: Should be a shoo-in for a Pulitzer.
I wouldn't trade it for nothing.
hahahahahhah no I don't mind! Seriously then it looks like people actually read half the shit I tweet.
you think I'm pissed off now wait till that happens.
The vow </3
Music by Felicia Carter & Amy Shook begins @ 7 2night with "My Big Idea" story tellers getting underway @ 8...incredible line up!
“: #MentionYourCrush But I'm not his type. Aka a guy :'( <3” I'm sorry! D:
RIP Mike Kelley. Words completely fail me right now, but this is totally awful and a huge loss.
R U missing #Coachella? Boom Box Surround Sound with Bennett P- listen live right now!
done,I'm waiting <U+2665>
Im really irritated.
hey stop putting ads on EVERY video on your site.
There are few jobs I refuse to post , but SW Baptist U's stated hiring preferences royally piss me off. Unsurprisingly.
thanks for ur msg. His holiness wants me to give u a virtual high five :-)
thank you so very much! :)
We'll be adding new concerts to our profile today! Stay tuned!
I've had one of those weeks before... recently, actually... I feel for ya...
I'm in for belting
Awesome. I will be staying all weekend, but Saturday is always the best night for hanging at the bar :-)
I'm on the edge, of fury.
I noticed
Can big city girl & small town boy discover their true treasure? SMALL TOWN TREASURE by coming 6/22
Friendship should be a responsibility, never an opportunity.
Mark Lyons to Arizona. That leaves Torian Graham, Mislav Brzoja and Wright State transfer Julius Mays for UK.
#Yoga is an integral part of well being and an amazing complement to Pilates.
Expose students to many different collaboration environments. Break out of the comfort zone of consistency.
Make sure u check out local Nobodies EP with myself and free download .......
“: We're ALL Mexican this weekend. #favoriteholiday #yolo”
#NP Pouring' Up - Pimp C <U+2665>
no problem.????
Hi!...I'm done being anti social
Nothing like the laugh of a baby to start your day off on the right path....oh and a Team Vic Matrix shake as well.
k thanks! See you Thursday!:)
I know. I have $20M and have yet to buy much. I should just buy ALL THE THINGS! ;)
Yes, Jay Carney cancelled his press conference..can't find his pink fluffy pen, it's his favorite..tearing up the whole place looking for it
I hate everyone and everything today
Luck and preparation have collided in a very positive way today - sending good vibes to all of you
locking in our last few banner day sponsors.... and then on to the next project ;) Very excited about this upcoming season!
can I be the 41 person you follow?????:D <333
sorry to hear that
...the old "ambush a perp" thing is cliche & I try to use it only when/if necessary. But when I do that I hope they'll share their client's
new job?
WHY YOU SO MEAN TO ME
we reviewed distance, midpoint & all that stupid shit in math. & in Spanish we had to right a long ass letter to a friend.
- agree! It doesn't feel like her personal best - she's usually always on my best-dressed list.
Nice "Fashion is about dressing according to what's fashionable. Style is more about being yourself." - Oscar de la Renta
Happy new years everyone! Hope y'all have a good day(:
Help me get to 300 follows by tonight?! :)
ooohh... Yeah it is you're birthday isn't it? I forgot to send you a card AGAIN! #facepalm Happy Biryhday t-dice!
What about Lowe's FB page makes it your fav?
call me "TW3LV" ; the new me. my producer name.
CONGRATS ON GRADUATING !!!!<3
I grocery shopped. :p
Streaming BBC World not possible today - servers are down! What's up ?
thanks!! Make sure you vote for Vancouver in our Facebook poll :)
Wow 2010. Crazy. Happy New Year!!
Schalke04 website said about 20 fans from Germany. Club paid for their game tickets.
that's dead! That's the past haha
A) Thank you? and B) I just have to find a cute player, and I'm in. Maybe even (blah) Soccer. But it would take alot.
I Cried When I pierced my nose.
Isn't Raheem a 4-3 guy? One of the reasons I don't want him running our defense.
lol. Well you won that battle.
#FF to our loyal followers:
can we make a special announcement for our newest STH
Got new iPhone a few days ago... so many apps... the house is a mess... bills need to be paid... PLANTS NEED WATER... BUT THE APPS!!!
did I see Police Unity cyclists on Pulaski Hwy today 10:30 a.m.? Awesome motorcycle escort for impressive group!
Thanks so much Kathy. And Happy New Year to you too!
Currently seeking #graphic #designers and #webdesingers....Needed for upcoming projects
bread 11's what a bum kid
Holla at the fam for the studio time, mixing, mastering...even beats! They #WINNIN over there!
I can't wait to see this Heat/Pacers series!!
Another test damn he killing me with this shit
Heading into hour 3 of redistricting hearing. B. Tetlow is wearing red; is wearing blue. Nice work guys.
David Bly and Bill Gates Sr rock the room at #2012GEO Radical generosity and hard wok. Love it!
Hm. Someone give me a specific manual on how to get well known in the music industry.
Hope you had an amazing day dear!!
RSVP Members will be helping out at the Grandparents raising Grandkids support group for FCSN. Glad we could help!
When eating bamboo sprouts, remember the man who planted them. ~ Chinese Proverb
hahaha look at that cutie!
I sure am looking to do so. What
It feel good 2 be loved!!!!!!!
The RDA recommends about 56 grams of #protein per day for an adult male and about 46 grams for an adult female. Too much or not enough?
Offical cookie of arrives today.... exciting times in Dallas at #SMILEcon www.smileycookie.com/ www.theSMILEConference.com
That awkward moment when someone deletes their comment on facebook and you look like you’re talking to yourself.
Excellent discussion and interview this AM--on TV--I learned something.
New Bucks shirt and kids gear is in! Normal Saturday shop hours today. Noon - 4pm. 1726 E. North Ave. Side Door.
3for$25: Savoyed spinach with shallot and almonds Roasted pork shoulder with mustard greens Soft serve ice cream with magical shell
... Drives appeared to remain constant throughout life, with blacks being more active than whites, men more than women, ...
Great show
I knew you were wild. Figured you had a cute tail.
Say its so
how was the Shazam show last night?
Forecast: Dry and warm inside the Stutz today. Open House resumes at 2 and goes until 7. Come see us!
Totally already ratted you out to the police, signing out a form now. You can so go to jail for hacking a person, Hope yo go.
wtfff computer? I guess you can update windows while I'm doing my butler resume.
really? The boyz have left me to play video games after treating me to margarita's, I feel violated. Come visit NOW! X
In my opinion I think that someone should be looking for at least two new client focused solutions per week to stay ahead of the curve.
You guys made Uber Fiesta happen. You are heroes in my book!
LMAO!! I'm just trying to get like you!!!
CEO and Founder in Brooklyn next week!
Casting new reality show! Do you have a friend in a destructive relationship? ? Email your story:
I can't believe tomorrow is my last day of high school!
man hakeem nick only got me 6 fantasy points today, jimmy graham only got me 3.... but im still in the game
Thanks for a great set visit at your new downtown home today. I can't wait to watch the first season of ALL-STARS!
Hahahaha yes. RT : Who else backspaces their whole password, even if only one letter is wrong?
I agree.
even better.
Feeling great after sun over the weekend
In case you missed it yesterday 's first single #RollerCoaster is now available on iTunes
#VinScully is my hero
I always picture Thandie Newton.
What event do you want to go this weekend for the Arnold Sports Festival? Our vote is the film festival hosted by Eddie George!
Former UW-River Falls star Rick Montreal has led New Richmond to five straight titles in the Middle Border Conference.
There's this kid named & I love him..<3
Why Not??
actually it was pretty gross I don't want to eat poptarts or hotdogs for awhile :)
you are sadly mistaken. They're gonna get spanked. 4-0 or 4-1.
We must contemplate hiring Lord Augustus Harrington to take us to Scotland....he's a wonderful director! -- Trog
All art may be subversive; Vogel's book enthusiastically considers how certain films pull it off.
Exactly what I was thinking re the effect of time
CODY!!! lol RT this if u remember me?? i was the REALLY hyper girl remember? lol
Great NBC performance.
What's with BranchOut on #FB? I keep getting requests, but I don't know if people want to connect or are just blasting all their FB friends.
I would like to reccomend Nicholas:The Fantastic Origin of Santa Claus by
definately, is an amazing technology and even better community! Many thanks to for sending me to DrupalCon
I eat cake with a spoon. ;)
follow me everyone
Erich Fromm~ The successful revolutionary is a statesman the unsuccessful one a criminal.
moday ms mayer told us
its only game one.
Lesson 6 from - demonstrate leadership every chance you get.
@ don't forget to DM us your address today for your FREE tshirt
voss like a boss. (:
NBA No Basketball Anymore Millionaires vs Billionaires Let's forget it and support our great college teams! Go Vikings! PSU PDX
TONIGHT LIVE IN THE MIX AT A DEBUT AT SAN MARTIN!! TOMORROW ALL TEENS NEED TO BE AT CLUB MANSION!! DOORS OPEN AT 7!
I love The Manitou!
Tweeters at the rally tomorrow: use hashtag #pnonukes when tweeting from the rally!
did u name ur cat after Tony Romo? haha cuz im watching football with my dad and his name came up and i thought of ur cat
for lunch i had veggies and cheese sticks.. sounds good right?
LOL! Since ur new to the app, you shld b OK. Just some finer points have been lost, but I'm sure they'll "fix" it again!
On set filming SAG Web Series pilot D.P.I. DISCOUNT PARANORMAL INVESTIGATORS. Like on Facebook
Opportunities are presented when you look to serve others.
Twitter is being annoying and not letting me follow more than a certain number of tweeps in a period of time.
as a fan, it is sad to see you go, but I'm hoping for the best for you with Golden State!
Yes Please! : What makes a Monday better? Cookie dough pieces.
I'm eagerly anticipating the madness
ooh, I'd love to see the Hunger Games early
Saying mean things to another person, will not give you a compliment in return.
darius miller visiting four schools in Clark county today. with him now at strode station
#Caps Vokoun says he was looking at it as a one-year thing when he signed here
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Coincidences are spiritual puns.
err, take that as a positive statement! (silly questionmark typo)
I got a #song I WANa #sing so can u #sing dat back 2me
Can't wait to meet,,truly the most worthed time,,I've spent in waiting...!! Hug n kiss much to my baby boy...!! I'll see u soon,baby...
been sleep all day
Deiondra Sanders forever sending dem goons on somebody. Handle your own mess
Listening to LMFAO...reminding me of Cabo.
I seriously need a break, though.
The S-communities program is unconstitutional a modern Nazism. USA believed the immigrants are a parasitic race. "Neo-fascism "
ah :) What about you?
i kind of wish i had an slr camera, but for now, my iphone will do the trick
staring my day how is everyone??godbless to all
Wish the Knicks would throw a zone at em or somethin...
It's a lot better than having to buy them!
LOVE THIS!!!
uhh no I wait til I'm home and then I tweet.
By far the worst and most annoying lab partner I've ever had..
Wonderful to sit in on Marie Ponsot's class on Blake at New School this afternoon.
fans will come and go, but pizza will always love me back.
This the type of shit that pussy me off dude
hmm ok... u should try doing it harder
Still Havnt Gotten Me Anything Ta Eat Fina Get Out Doe
I'm glad the roads are kind of nasty, because now everyone's car is as dirty as mine.
Theres a little water on the ground and a little rain/snow in the air. We're about to head home.
our ? 4 2nite is how do we as mgrs use the info u shared to assist our artists to understand & implement? Txs Diana @ SM!
Early bird special...check in on 4square today from noon to 1pm & get free beer. TGIF specials have started!!!!!
Sleigh bells - come back kid on repeat!
I'll give it a whirl!
sounds like trouble.
Sounds fun. I'm guna go MIA too.
Nice overthrow by Wilson
Twisting at Allison's Birthday Party in Lexington, Ma. from 3:30-4:30 Pm
": Stepping into the #SXMPartyBarn now is of !
Embarrassing. Spurs have fallen to pieces.
All 2009 and older dirt apparel and gear 30% off!!! Gear won't last long at these prices! Hurry down!!!
The good thing about staying home is actually getting some rest
Thanks. What fields do you think that's representative of? (I'm guessing law+foraging+occupy+parenting, knowing you.)
Hope everyone had a great Easter! I sure did:)
you got me started on subway's chicken ranch on honeyoat & now i'm addicted.
Faith and doubt both are needed - not as antagonists, but working side by side to take us around the unknown curve. - Lillian Smith
Hey Mark Walhberg, when do you plan on bringing back Marky Mark? Us ladies kinda need him.
I honestly don't understand why LBSU men's volleyball isn't more popular. It's a fun sport to watch & our team's good. What's not to like?
are you guys thinking about the ability to add Facebook FAN PAGES when we already have our regular profile added?
Are we changing individual behaviors, systems and finally hearts and minds. Last is most difficult to measure.
what you doing bro?
It's all fun and games until you remember Arnold in Hey Arnold! was an orphan.
Y'all are in BIG trouble. Got the phone w/ all the tricks now. I'm pinteresting all my instagrams from my voice activated tweet deck.
i thiink the clock on my wall is like an hour ahead.... i should fix that-- nah ill just remember that its an hour fast
It was great meeting you again at This office is awesome!
where at
Thanks for doing it right on the way out, Desperate Housewives. My Sunday nights will never be the same. <U+2665>
's Shoulders, Legs & Abs workout today in the Hollywood Hills is going to be Amazing!
Be your best, be authentic. Living someone else's life will only lead down a dead end alley.
Wife keeps hoping #secretcircle will get better but she is losing hope. Finally.
Just saw the hunger games.....great movie
now she sits next to me. fuck.
23- your gorgeous & so nice. austin's following you , im jealous LOL :$
"I'm going to cock later." is what I saw for a sec. .____.
Spent all saturday at the beach...now I have 52 messages in my inbox...boy I'm popular!
thanks for following!
not if she doesn't know.
No relation, but this might make myself and the Clark(e) Trifecta of Rob Has a Podcast guests.
Tear the roof off the joint tonight!
heck yeah! Ugh. This is making me so excited for next year.
Ohnoit'snotall! Are they ON you, or do you see them? I demand an encounter with Michael and Jay wearing them.
#IfItWasntForTwitter I wouldn't be wasting my time right now typing in this Tweet.
What NFL player has Ron Zook Porduced? Cant think of one even when he coached florida
Pancake Halloween Decorating party! Come to the next DCC meeting to find out more! DCC Meetings are Wednesdays at 8:30PM in the CD Lounge.
I'm ready for school to be out, Paseo drains me !
knows Zicam is saving me right now :-) Never fails!
RT : “: Being an entrepreneur is being able to CONFIDENTLY run towards a brick wall. - ”
So, what was your fav swag bag item from our MNO event last night? Dying to know!
Check it out at NaLee2010.com mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold
just did love :)
Uhh yeah we did, I learned many things that were useful to me now, like the art of napping.
Got a show next wednesday the 22nd. Holiday cheer. Northside Tavern in Cincinnati. Low Hanging Wires.
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!!
I think it's really dope when people recognize me for the music I make :)
Dear Phone, I Drop You. I Say I Hate You. I Throw You. I Lose You. I Forget About You, But… I Couldn’t Live Without You
Falcons score on the first drive every game. They have a one-series offensive game plan.
Thank you, much appreciated! Gotta love a serial retweeter ;)
It's one of the worst sites on the internet. I mistakenly clicked on a link that led me to it. The CLE content was worth it tho.
Altoona First Savings Bank Counts on SolarWinds Log and Event Manager for Security and Compliance
#musicmonday poll: Why study music?
So greatful for everything in my life!
Enjoying the guest wi-fi in the waiting area at Martha Jefferson while Marina gets some tests.
I just wanna see you :(
Us, too, ! Thanks for the mention!
i think we heard a fox howl earlier... do foxes howl?
I had a Mac miller moment and thought of u
so fun!
I don't like this. I don't like this at all!
Thanks for following!!! <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
#ICantDateSomeoneThat is not a carbon-based life form.
It's interesting how #Christian #fundamentalists r often more afraid of death than non-believers, when their religion says they're "saved."
Finally, fantastic weather -- and on the first day of Summerfest - Coincidence? Has summer finally arrived for Milwaukee?
dude... i have to hang out with you.. smh with wishing. lol
Brain fried. Dealing w/ TOS, risk mitigation issues, IP issues & other legal issues. Ready to switch gears
just ordered a kit from i hope i find something out worthwhile...
Will be at Docksiders at 1230 for the bills game!!! Come on down!!
Brown & Jones Reporting now has a conference center which seats up to 40 people, courtesy of
I've Learned To Never Let Anyone Discourage Yu From Doing What Yu Love!! There's Nothing Better Then Doing What People Said Yu Couldn't Do.
magazine clippings and hotels and rest.s r a great starting point for a design project
I want it to rain!Happy it's the last day of school.
Did hou know? The character 'Hoss" on Bonanza actually had a normal name. It was Eric. Hoss was purported to mean "big, friendly man."
Give teachers a pension & they'll live comfortably for a lifetime. Teach teachers to protest & they'll live comfortably for generations...
every time i say that some new responsibility pops up. Starting to wonder if I'm sabotaging myself on purpose. Good luck tho!
I really don't know how I should dress tomorrow, this weather is bipolar
Did all these analysts watch football last season? The Packers have worked around key injuries before.
my bad, not my intention...we gotta have a girls night soon :-*
Playing with Neal. :)
I get a headache every time I spend money.
Got a NullPointerException today by re-instantiating something that had already been instantiated
Moorea would like to thank Kristen Ruhlin, Daniel Nguyen, Tenille Houston, and Janna VanHeertum for representing today! Wow!!!
RT : Why is it that if you like sex, people think you only like sex?
go like the FB page. They almost have 11,000 likes. Killing it.
She's from a Mormon family, so I'm betting this'll be it for her, for good or bad. :/
When a decent man like Richard Lugar loses in a PRIMARY, you know that the GOP has left the reservation and does not deserve to govern
I have viewers in Ireland and the UK! :D Anyone that goes and watches any of my videos and then tweets a link I will give a shoutout!
I'll never get over how awful The Green Lantern is..
<3 !!! And his fierce poems.
Mother's Day is fast approaching! Make it memorable with a unique gift and carve out some time to hang with your awesome mom:)
don't be shocked that the chick u met off of twitter ain't shit like she presented herself to be while she is online.
Thanks for reading and sharing!
btw- I just meant someone named Tina. I laughed... Her weave was permed though.
cause were that cute, we know. Btw it was Nathalie that old the dude...
I'm yawning and still in my pj's- but the sun is out and about in #chicago. I hear the #ctagreenline in the distance.. I should take a walk.
ATTENTION: towers is now serving Virginia ham so if you've yet to have ham from Virginia don't let this opportunity surpass you
maybe for good depending on how things go! I miss you guys!
I NEED YOUR ASSISTANCE!
Walking out my door, view of the lake & Kanye on my Phone-
All right. Kitchen/fridge/cabinets/sink cleaned. Check.
I wish congress would have done it right and given the debt ceiling a beautiful Soanian starfish vault
College sports are my favorite. University of Michigan alum, so UM is my favorite, but hoping for a new coach
Join me in supporting FAIR Trade-best strategy to curtial human trafficking. Please make informed buying decisions. Blessings to you & your…
hater we won that fair and square
Yay! Was worried it got lost. Glad it worked out.
why is every single #buccos commercial done to dubstep?
I WANT TO GO TO 9FEST
haha! I have always wondered if you guys will go through with that or not... cuz it should.
throwin up the middle finga to the world n to those who think they mean sum to me
They are so damn expensive [in French accent].
when in may! I might be leaving may 15th at the soonest!
so I know I just asked this same thing about MM, but did u catch the Parks and Rec finale yet? Like it?
LMAO..... that sounds about right
I met you in NC a few years back. Told you Chipper was my favorite. But but you would always be my hero.
#iWishThat you would vote for ! Arabella Jones -Undo It tinyurl.com/8xndlcj
*LOL* So Them Analyst Saying Clips No Chance Vs Spurs- Fuck Dat When A Team Led By #CP3 Anything Possible #GOCLIPS We Can Do It.
“: I love an Anne frank number with a rhinestone collar”
Have you added "Speakaboos1" on AND ! Look at what were bookmarking!
People who owe me money <
my favorite child is the one that is paying attention to me.
Everything I eat makes me naucious <U+E404>
Summer afternoon-summer afternoon; to me those have always been the two most beautiful words in the English language ~ Henry James
hmm but duke is always apart of the team
Cold pizza & lots of ranch >>>>
Thank Georgia! Now make sure to talk to us now kay love?
omfg i love you
5 Ways for CreatingInnovators: Collaboration, Multi-Disciplinary,Trial/Error, Creating not Consuming, Intrinsic Motivation
Route 88/horseneck beach traffic is VERY backed up
Dreams don't work, Unless you do.
Anyone know of any good document cameras?
Rise early, work hard, strike oil
We were thinking more like June once we are settled into our new live/work space.
I already pretend that mine does. :) Been getting some strange looks.
#happybossday to you! You are running the show ! #TRYINGTOTWEET!
EL food has been delivered- if you didn't place an order this week, call us or come by & pick-up some meals! First come, first served!
cant wait til my birthday, its going to be fun i aint seen a birthday sinces 09...been locked up :(
Thanks for the feedback, so glad we could help!
There's only 1 line into heaven, God doesn't care about ur denomination, skin color, social status. God only cares about what's in ur heart.
#wth?? you've got legs :-) ": Cause I am not running and almost everyone else is."
Went from dinner to watching greys anatomy. This is #painful but I shall endure for the betterment of this relationship lol
the 12 year old was beaten after a facebook invite for "kick a ginger day" was sent by his classmates. may have been inspired by south park.
Smh.. I wish things could be different
Happily the hail did not affect morning flights.
#SanDiego: Who's going to see #CHICAGO tonight?! I can't wait!
Flying #frontier to SFO today. Wish it were
I'm sure you do haha I just wanted an excuse to holler at you since I haven't heard from you in a while ;)
good job yesterday! i was impressed
Apparently I've exceeded the limit for winning free Tim Horton's coffee, because God just spilled a large one all over my car floor.
Answers:accessibility&welcoming visitors,provide safe space
Two questions: 1) Where does he "reaffirm imperial presidency" in the EO? And what does that mean in this context?
I can't spell worth shit
yo i like the direction in some of those tracks ....
Some good news for Dewey & LeBoeuf: the Dodgers get sold for $2 billion, and #Dewey lawyers advise on the deal.
I wanna watch it now! Ill make sure to look for it :)
Anyone else getting weird emails from Twitter?
In oteam training listening to joe
We should change the saying to "Home is where your phone automatically connects to your wifi"
ALEX, wanna know how to make me smile?? Follow Me?? I've been trying for forever.<3 (:
Fridge full of food, nothing to eat. Wardrobe full of clothes, nothing to wear. Internet full of sites, nothing to go on...
I ride/die for my Boo! No, not a man... my big brother!
. Very funny! lol Keep up the great work! I enjoy reading your stuff. :)
2012 will be the year of small business but if not it will be the year our ship sank to the very bottom!
I'm good with you!
no, camera is with me. I'd be already in jail if they lost my camera lol all lights, though :(
Agreed, can't wait... RT : Absolutely! This summer is already shaping up to be the best one yet!
I watched "Bad Teacher" last night. The "bad" part was correct. What were they thinking?
Yeah man me too! its crazzyy!
It's possible the column will be returning in a few months. But that has yet to be determined. Some fan mail couldn't hurt.
Oh snap, looks like & I get to hang this weekend in Hartford. Been too long, but that's #industrylife. Listen to
I hate them too!! But I know OKC will kick their ass just like they did to Dallas!
yah girl but we don't have a car mine broke down so we don't have a way to get down there and I work sat night
I see my fated stars in your eyes. They melt me like the sun does snow
Thanks to everyone who came out today to fight
Who's in weather this evening? My imagination or is tonight's temperatures going to be in the chilly side in PDX?
OKC is on one!!!
no more kale this week, tomorrow we have the Funghi pie as our special.
On a cold day doesn't a warm Cinnamon Roll sound scrumptious?
Announcing presenting sponsor LST Financial for #NYE2012 #party with a purpose! Thx to GColton Photo!
forgot to drink coffee and forgot a granola bar. goodbye day. z
RT : #swagg thank you RT : S/O to and the whole team!! Grind hard and be blessed!!
so 1D has sold out like even the normal tickets
my mother just finished her last round of chemo for breast cancer a day before I did the Avon breast cancer walk. She loves you!
LISTEN TO NN PLAYING THE GAME KYNDA BORED
I'm looking for a job in Portland, OR in purchasing, admin., or marketing
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> Ristas too funny
If you love country music, show some support and follow (if you aren't already)!!!
No but I'll watch it on YouTube l8er :) P.S I want a WWE Slurpie cup xD
WNS Wins the Prestigious Golden Peacock Global Award for Corporate Social Responsibility 2012
First time for me so not sure how/if it'll work. I'm hoping it will though.
(besides the fans of the teams playin) everyone is happy about this mem/lac game 7 except Spurs fans!!! THIS SERIES NEEDS TO HURRY TF UP!
Mayweather won. I'm happy now.
very nice! Glad to see 3d spectacle design has moved past analglyph!
I don't think all you sexi chicks out there realize how much we as men jerk off to y'all... Google isn't just a website...its also a number.
I hate when i put words i didnt mean to put
Follow my new account please!!
happy thanksgiving baddies ;D :*
I think its a great idea. I know so many folks that went through a rough time with tenants. they could use this!
Check me out on LinkedIn and let me know if you need any strategic contributions. Congratulations. I loved WWS. Mark
Oh god, i'm turning into one of 'those people.'
#BRICKSQUAD4L Ahahahahahahaha. #Gohard or #Gohome. That's the moto son. ;] School is for bitches and sluts.
just not so hot that I catch fire
I wanna do something spooky for Halloween. Anyone in #Columbus have any ideas that doesn't include the #HauntedHoochie? I punch when scared.
Where you gonna be tonight?
yaaaaaay!!! Ya'll will love it when u come
Faggot punk pussy!
OH: "Farmville is subsidized by the US government."
If you're on the "he's gay" side of the debate, you win. But you knew that... ;)
shake the glitter !
I love the way the app looks. Great concept. Hurry up and expand to more cities, please.
I dunno where you be at ?
How's life aside from that?
National Board Certified School Librarians’ Leadership in Technology Integration: Results of a National Survey via
A man does not run through a wall because of who you are but for whom you stand
The two most broadly cultivated species of the coffee plant are Coffea canephora & C. arabica.
Can Miss Trudy write my name in German!?
I'll be in soon for some toffalo wangzzz, I'm sure. I'm trying to eat healthier, but always make an exception for Pal.
can a real man love me..lol
thinking of and her family today, sending her my prayers
Watching the Victoria Secret Fashion Show makes me want to donate to charities that help women battling anorexia.
Play and failure can be the same. Like!
never have and never will, A gotta go!
haha i wont!
Don't drift off to sleep with The Exorcist playing in the background.
Did anyone else hear something about #NickFairley having some issues? Thought I saw a tweet today about substance issues with him.
Happy 6th Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sacramento franchisee....Long Vang! Thanks for keeping Sacs business clean!
found it iconic the political world uses Music through ever campaign... if their not supporting the arts They should stop using it
Success without God Succkssss!
What the fuck is Orel Herschiser talking about? Ever?
Tyler will be at Bamboozle this year. Anyone going? Come find me!
whoops missed National Best Friends day ;)
Preservation strategies that involve large areas of geographic
Beautiful day to drive to WV Wesleyan for a choir reunion. A new fountain, dorm, & science center since my last visit. And no more Rolstars
Priest Lake - Northern Idaho
Bosh injury is huge
hang in there man just working at it
You know you are an adult when the phrase "in-unit laundry" is more exciting than "Christmas presents."
stay in yo own lane!!!~
Isn't it interesting?
I hope your dreams stay big & your worries stay small <U+2764>
HUGE SAVE by Mike Smith
I wonder what is cooking
RT Watch what u say on phones and social sites - ya never know who's listening or watching
Wow didn't knw its supposed to snow, wish I was in the bed.
I'm sure it is... I'm enjoying it already! Its always good to see her.
whats your number?
TSA at LAX thought I looked like Dave Matthews. That's a 1st. Gotta stop traveling with a violinist I guess.
lol!! Me either!!
Wow, I'm impressed...such a celeb! Help me make my dream a reality!
your frustration, anger, and all the other feelings you're expressing. when we win and 1d come to ny, show them your vid.
false, I ordered a Ron Artest deluxe hip hop full length mix tape. You know, the one he asked time off to record?
Whenever I need to smile, I have a 1:15 clip of one of my best friends dancing and belting out "Born to Run" and that never fails haha
west village one is better. Less crowded.
bring on the boyfriend video. I am going to bed in Ireland knowing that it will be online when i wake up. SWAG
My boobs are to big
I hate when a girl tell me how she feel at the end of the year..
Every year Dr. Truvbhshaoahdumbbitch comes up with shit to stop Freshman Friday, but she always fails lol
Pancakes with fresh fruit for breakfast!
Is it bad to wish that everyone who ever worked on IE6 or 7 deserves to die in a gas fire? I think not.
you have that many pairs?
We're running 10 minutes late, see you soon at Haight and Claython.
tonight its popping 900 east Located suites ,Meriden,ct.Drink specials $5 shot specials w/ new female bartenders
tweet me. im bored
It really makes me sad how ignorant Mark Zuckerberg is.
Sure!": my workouts aren't going well. Can't seem to get where I want to be. Wish had someone like u to guide me."
Just because you show YOUR friend respect doesn't mean iHave to!
OCLS has Shake It Up app: give your phone a shake and the OCLS 'Shake It' app will recommend a book for you
RT : #Mariners' offensive futility reaches level of perfection!
I think I might have heard #summerfest will open a day early...on Wednesday...so still ten days total...weird...
-- Hey Live at 7, still doing the "Hire Me" segment? Career Counselors want to know!
You know you're a southern belle when you walk better in your cowboy boots then you do in high heels <3
dont i sound pretty on the phone too lol?
Wow, I'm sorry. Feel your pain. My friend died of that at age 24. After being diagnosed 8 weeks before.
Thanks for making my morning full of giggles. ;-)
Tahsin Shamsul, you've won a Tier 2 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
ha ha ha! time to updated your bio to just
Dodgeball game today at 3:30pm for Spirit Week! Don't miss the action
Crafting. Baseball. Sunshine. My perfect evening.
there's a vry special place in #hell 4
Can they just go out already?
It actually takes my family 10 mins to get in the car, and 10 after that to actually leave. X
The funny part [about the Jerusalem artichoke] is that it does not come from Jerusalem and it is not an artichoke. It is neither. [1945]
Rockin' and rollin' at day two of #Raincamp in Atlantic City!
I'm Watching Arrested Development with Scott. Tell me again why you're not here...
I might have to agree with you on that statement! AND LOL...I just read your "bio" ;-) just go for the monster ballads
yeah ill wait to watch this until tomorrow
I just started following you . I love your acting
OMG GLEE IS ON RIGHT NOW!!!!!!
On the floor Aram Martin (Miller School)
enjoys the deserted spring break campus
: Thanks for the #followfriday love!
good!! How are u?
I smell a scam: Leftist goons publicly mugging their own money guys to create a populist image for their guy with MSM pushing it hard.
I KNOW
Haha i just thought it was funny cause they called you a pussy(: : U to huh! :/ " Lmao :D " ...
#20thingsaboutme im attracted to bad boys .
What's that? You're thirsty? There's an APP for that.
that song is legit
I'm. So. Jealous. Right. Now.
Do you cut your own? I'd tried, but it looked terrible. And I rocked it. Ha ha ha
NY diner cheeseburger deluxes rule.
Yipppppeeeeeeee! #SpotTheShuttle. Great pix to follow from ALL!
I like how that anti-Tom Barrett ad visually equates concealed carry with a HUNTER in FULL HUNTING GEAR with his HUNTING RIFLE taken away.
Slept like a rock last night and now stiff. Plus really would like to crawl back to bed. <Yawn!>
Congrats to England U17's jordandakid and in their 1-0 win over Ukraine in the Euro C'ships in Georgia yesterday
Art teachers: have you played 's #drawsomething on your phone or tablet yet? Well, prepare to be addicted.
At the school in the gym hooping' w/ Mikey , Darius , Sean & Demorea. . ! TML
#atouraine Social movements are "historical agents' struggle to gain control of the instruments and effects of social change.”
Getting ready to hit Keeneland up with at noon. Should be a good time!
in the locker room. i wish i could go home. D:
Odd how I get so giddy when I receive a new or report in my inbox.
I feel like giving something away today on the !!!! thoughts
Interesting. I do know of plenty of folks who, sadly, like to live like the stereotypes.
you should go out and buy one! are they available anywhere near you?
Never good enough
Are you at Krystal?
well deserved win today at Midwest Cultural Tourism Conference! Can't wait to see what you do next!
Im tired af. Goodnight :)
It's 70 degrees and sunny here right now. How are you enjoy this fine December day? Perhaps it's time to escape the cold :)
...to tell you how much I enjoyed it. Question: in your mind, what happened to Vic after we see him last?
Oh jeeze. Last sem, someone in my class blamed the recession on Native Americans and the Amish not paying taxes. Seriously?!
I can't decide if I love the guy that invented the snooze button, or if I hate him.
Awesome -- thanks!
End of first quarter in #Memphis. #CLIPPERS up 16 - 13 with 4 points 4 rebounds. #LetsGoCLIPPERS!!!
Aliona and Laila, Thanks for being friends of Booksicals. We love having friends from all over the world! Happy and Healthy New Year!
followback Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos ;P
Spent the afternoon with NIP developing a Class on Dating. I guess it would be considered a Social Skill, who knew?
:D I'm making up for lost time now, sad that my beastie fandom peaked in high school, but I'm fixing that now.
ay you too ms. Felix fwm
That's why you never trust a man with a neck tattoo.
haven't had oxtail ramen at Kata Robata, (call ahead, they're often out) but their regular ramen is ok
This is one painful game to watch...brutal football being played at MetLife tonight.
marvelous thanks. :)
So tired of being made to feel like shit.
Is Emily Blunt like totally schnockered..said with my horrible English accent
lol!!!!!!! The #earthquake happened and as soon as it stopped....two seconds later my alarm clock went off lol
I Hate Being Cursed With His Genes . -___-
NHL officiating is becoming the laughing stock of sports. NFL is thrilled right now.
Is it just me or is Butler hard to beat whenever they play on CBS???
Juice Plus giving me energy to do yoga in the back of the room in Opryland...peoplr staring at walking eagle pose...priceless...
happy birf day bro! Congrats on finally being 18!
Thank you for the "5 awesome classroom blog alternatives"-Love it, thanks!
In honor of NOLD turning 40, we are tracking his beer intake today. Beer 1 Arcadia Witsun.
Today I begin my serious www.peggyguichu.blogspot.com entries. I'm starting my new year early with daily discipline of my time.
Yes! That's awesome! DM me!
thanks so much! Counting on you to listen-
Lebron gave his mom the best muthers day gift of all time DWADE!
He may B a Fine Man & She may B a Pretty chick but if ya Attitude is Nasty it makes you look a UGLY Biotch! Straight Like That...
Good morning! Back on Happy New Year!
cnn ticker: bears lions and tigers loose. come on, you couldnt have ordered it lions tigers and bears (oh my)?
Go Heels! :-D Graduated in '09 from SILS
You know that feeling when you've just pushed a couple big projects out the door, and then you look at your still-full inbox?
Rams give 2nd round pick to the redskins. Now shanahan can ride RG3s success into another head coaching job he doesn't deserve (like elway)
Just got a nice message from one of the people I most admire :-)
That looks great!
dont put that on here lol
Just noticed that Kim Kardashian is reading "The Joy of Quantum Physics" on the California tourism commercial. Someone has a sense of humor.
The fundamentals associated with website design | Adult SEO Blog
that's you know there bedtime like 10 lol
People confuse being real with being rude way too often.
Downtown Reno - oh so sophisticated.
I know I'm mad late, but finally able to check out the new Ebony site. So thoroughly impressed. Kudos to all involved.
I aint gone lie im in tears my dawg colton gone off American idol wtf !!!!! Lmao that im crying...
The other stuff..
Spelling, all of you!
Excited about going to check out my man tonight in Creedmoor NC. Good music...Good vibe.
oh, I see. That's not cool. #imsorry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
My grandpa passed away yesterday! We love and miss you! God be with you.
My family psycho.....like they not normal....I kno everybody say they family crazy....but no....mine just beyond cray cray O_o
Idk what it is about Ribbon in the Sky that brings tears to my eyes no matter who sings or plays it. My fav of all time!
Is he reversing what MLK Jr did?
come in and enjoy an order of Rosemary fries.
No high fructose corn syrup, no trans fats, no artificial colors or flavors, and no added MSG. That's how we roll.
If I'm wrong, tell me I'm wrong. Don't talk to me about protocol.
The latest on the stadium bill on News and Views starting at noon! The Governor will check in at 12:30pm
Getting ready for this year's in Atlanta! Will YOU be there?
Everyone has something they can share with a young person. A compliment, how to tie a tie, or a new perspective.
The best part of predicting a "big inning" is there's a wide range of outcomes it can cover ;-)
Completely with you on that. Don't miss the Times much, get enough via links. But I tune into Guardian daily.
: Me with Chef Timon Balloo at Aaron Sanchez and Douglas Rodriguez's Salsa at Sea -Great pic!!
me too! I drink like 10 cups of water every day...
I swear, if you don't hurry up and pick somewhere to eat...
“Hell is full of musical amateurs.” -George Bernard Shaw
thanks for all your help! :)
Oh geez, boss just brought in a HUGE cake.
why are you so cute?
The Yearling looks all grown up in that angle.
lmao twitter is on crack or something then hahaha
oh when the wizzzzzz!!!!!
Nice! Good speakers. Now i'm jealous, hehe.
Cohen: Don't let your content be antisocial, where it just sits in a corner and doesn't talk to anyone, and no one talks to it
Hello Twitter! I sure have been busy with so many things going on! I promise to be on and tweeting very soon! Much love, DW!
Today would be a wonderful day to make me the 16th person you follow!
I mIsS mY fRiEnDs: wEnDY, lUiS AnGeL, gUsI, JoONy, JoRgE Y kEnNyA
RT : ...the two most outstanding L&D tweeps in world are: and A must have in your #pln! < Wow, thanks!
When is overtired >
#Wtf out here in a blizzard with a hoodie an some lil ass shorts like really ppl be tht dumb....
Don't miss Pilates this evening at 6 PM, at the Presbyterian Church hall in Mt. Washington. Perfect day to workout a little!
lolol thats seriously been on repeat in my head since i saw your tweet, now I have to listen to it! not that i mind
I think Im going to start a website where I write music video treatments for videos already made. So much good comedy material out there...
The show was poppin. Klyntel did it again and with the one and only Reji Lefluer. I love that guy
I received three dismissals of EEOC discrimination charges yesterday! For those not in HR, that just means I did my job real good!
Screw you Rossello!
I'm beginning to think the Sprint guy played a trick on me when he fixed my phone- there's no way the default tones are this gangsta'!
spencer & wren, spencer & toby, spencer & wren, spencer & toby, spencer & wren, jesus make up your mind!
taught for 5.5 hrs today. whodathunk i had so much wisdom to impart?
RT : Unfortunately, an O&A Dunce -- Look whos the dunce, the tweeter, or the one who retweets the original tweet.. Moron.
btw if i didnt mention yesterday was my birthday i turned 13!! can i get a shout out please... Maybe? :|
Let me know if you ever have a question about your Directv service/equipment.
Is anyone else seeing their Facebook feed hyperpopulated with socialcam and viddy?
thank you very much for having us - great event!
Tom Hanks to star in Wachowski's sci-fi adapt. of CLOUD ATLAS. Tom Tykwer, writer/director "Perfume" & "Run Lola Run" writes & co-directs
Guess where I just bought some clothes from? (:
i want some :/ RT I'm so high on chocolate chip cookies <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
wow Rick.. That phone on your "droid" has a quick shutter to catch him in mid-blink
Saying "LOL" even when im not laughing out loud. LOL......not!
I'm with on this one.
Kindergarten reunion??!?!?! I've gained like 100 pounds since then. No way I'm showing up!!!!
Get back to eating healthy!! ZUZU is open with regular hours.
Tee time at 7:30 in the morning? Way to early to golf in the summer but I'll take it
No clue, this weekend is going to be great.
doesn't it? I like the pickle on top
I have a few phone calls this morning and then I can head over.
Fray, Turn-Based Strategy Game Enters First Beta Phase Brain Candy's upcoming strategy title has been slowly evolving throughout the deve
How you been
welcome back!
Ladies, get those Sunday Morning hairdos ready 901-794-0553
Lots and lots (lol)
and I both know where you live and work! #Losing not #winning for you chief. Good luck
what up!
Wish I were at the DH meetup -- just back from a 14 hour college tour fiesta. Exhausted.
The Smoke Thickens | Travel Accomodations - hotels bodrum
Please make sure your referral emails RHS when they sign up and let us know you referred them this ends January 30th 2012
I'll bring you 2 boxes when you pick me up for dinner ;)
who thinks the #jets can right the ship in the last 3 games here and make the playoffs?
you would know.......lmao
You know me well, I am enjoying a Racer 5 IPA right now and just got back from the All Stars. Glad to hear youre enjoying the season!
This Fla L'ville game one of the best college gms i've seen this year. i hit the dvr b.c there is so much to learn as a coach from this gm
lol prolly asking somebody "Lemme Borrow The Remote" you can turn it back! To the game once #Knicks done smashing on em
Email us at to set up your FREE BEER PARTY at CRISP!
what did Dunkle assign them?
Day 1 of cleansing detox!!!...wow super caffeine withdrawal headache!!!
eminem. that's all I'm sayin.
Eat, sleep, work, drink
I have a feeling that the campaign probably connects with Diesel's audience but I'm certainly not a member of their target group
Interesting panel with , and David Carr about what curation and paying for it.
It’s funny.. no one ever believed that I could do this….. the reason it’s funny is now it doesn’t matter what they say I’m living my dream…
Dudes arcade fire is so out of date. new outro please!!!
We think it's a conspiracy & no one is actually buying these 3D TVs. Anyone here actually buy one or know someone who has? What's the merit?
I'm in the dmv what you know about that
RSJ Students: Want to park in the dean's spot for a day? Tweet how much you'd be willing to pay to Bids open now for March 12.
Got a tunic paisley top, yellow and white and an off white flowy cardigan. And teal 9 West strappy flat sandals! Vacation time!
variety of color options would be cool for "bala" shirt. Option for every team u played for (including Aussie team)
Maggie, Mark, Abby, and I are about to shock Cincinnati with our vocal skills. God help everyone within earshot!
More projects & More work :)))))
my 5 y/o will love that NASA animation. he's so into astronomy right now!
No work all play
Why does Latin America have a accurate hash tag of what porn teaches us?
Zippered totes available here at your library! For $10, you can support the library & have a handy bag for carrying all your books.
A day off....finally! Let's go to the lake and grillax.
Well actually we are determining if it will be my first single or not. it's either Warzone or Smile.. still tryin to figure out.
Need shorts #HaveToGoShopping!
Baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby
Oops. Just hit return instead of tab and accidentally created "echidnapress" as a new blog. What do you think? Is it destiny?
Happy birthday, have a good one
you can't be serious...sals?
Yes! I love that blog title - can't wait to read it!
Watching #HendersonAlvarez tonight, Dave. He's got some #FelixHernandez in him from the stretch.
imma check y'all out this morning :D
HOW WAS IT?!
send me a message sometime if u feel like talking
"situation regarding spoons remains unchanged"
I hear that will be giving away #Little500 race & concert tickets tomorrow. Go follow them for a chance to win.
sex and the hoes
I want DYING... I thought, if that happened to you - there would have been a scene... and not a pretty one. It was AWFUL.
Woohoo! my fever is gone :)
Why isn't anyone picking up their fone!!!!
I hate bein compared to other ppl
this is not NBA basketball. Every team is struggling down the stretch (omit OKC). Lets just end this season
Just recorded a classic swear I did and I ain't sayin it cuz it's mine either.......stay tuned
Will do. Happy belated birthday.
Busy bee next week! Auditions, showcases, & In The Stars show Friday night @ 10pm - NO COVER at Pat's Cocktails 12121 Riverside Drive
don't worry I'm not jamming to your new album that i actually bought cause i support you…nono its not nasty
can't even tell you how cool it is. Get there early and go hungry. :)
“: #Titans land Steve Hutchinson for 3-years per ”
I guess it is cuz u ruined a friendship for their ass
i guess.. my head just hurts really bad & so does my stomach.
#BofA Wish those shareholders lived in the real world.Can someone please introduce these elite mega financial aliens to a place called Earth
nice - I didn't know that either
Verify PSanders ; <21 Its gonna happen (:
#NP Real Friends- Home For Fall
It should matter to you. And it doesn't matter to me what you do with that knowledge, but it should matter to you.
Fake friends stab u in da bak.... True friends stab u in da front
So... juliet lost?
WOW!! That's crazy, bro!... Well thank God.
agreed! There is so much pressure to jump into social media that many orgs don't prepare for what to do next.
SoundBites in Ball Square FTW
We survived to storm nicnos tonight from 9-1am!
Love them, too! I saw them at Lollapalooza '93 ;-)
Hey are you home?
I pow wow whip it (wat else)
THANK YOIU for the FF! I appreciate it! Have a great weekend! XO J
Q2 keep client focused on identified need and learning objective. This helps discard unnecessary bells and whistles.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 298
What an endorsement !! is modern, using email is always effective.
from all the long I told her I just wanna talk you sexy but its just some about u that makes me smile to be for real im cool we both is too
you and ray were nothing but a pleasure to work with! amazing to think we never would have crossed paths without twitter!
Beautiful beach day but choppy waters from the storm out there.
Actual made-up quote: "They say he's made of furnaces." --Sheepish guy in my dream describing a cranky guy.
Optimization for my website and blog.
at CTIA? Would love to show you...
Had lunch at Michie Tavern with Marjorie McLellan, who's now on her way to visit Monticello with her friend, Rosalind. Great fried chicken!
The pricing on the website is just a starting point for you to reference. It depends on what you want to do and what yo need.
and I also got his number ;) and me and cole took pic together!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
RE thanks Jon. Always great to hear from you.
What I thought was chap-stick was actually a spare camera battery
#BeGreat Go Pac Go!
ETSU #RelayForLife is TONIGHT! Come to the Mini-Dome at 6pm! Help us celebrate a world with more birthdays!
Dude... AMEN!
G.Hill WILL be a HOF, but i don't think he deserves it, his career has been a big "if".
Tom Jones&#39; Two Cents: Tampa Bay Rays&#39; celebrity couple
Watching his 8 yr old son beating a punching bad screaming. " I hate Obama".
Good luck to who are training for a 900 mile Lands end to John O Groats cycle ride in May supporting
Homestead may have ended on-track #nascar season. Today marks true end of season 4 many 'behind the scenes' industry!
There's no better feeling then sitting in the back seat of a car driving through a big city at night and looking at all the lights. Love it.
Wow, so sore from rock climbing last night. Just started last week and my body is really having a hard time adjusting to the new hobby.
I miss my girls. Haven't hung out in weeks :/
I have hit the proverbial wall. It is only 7:00. Wow, am I old or what?!
RT : Stillness is the soil in which all worthwhile ideas are born.
Life is pretty business as usual at this gas station for a completely mysterious eagle attack that has killed hundreds.
lmao, pause first my name was mahogany too much n dha book you tuned it to that, now its this, whats next
chachi u are the best i am so glad i got 2 meet u 2day, i pray for u everyday, especialy today :) ily i hope ur doing okay!
thanks thanks im getting my stomach done next (:
I also think that the #femtechnet scholars' tweeting of their meeting is a form of feminist praxis: opening institutional doors!
Thanks for the RT!
RIP Adrienne Rich. Your poetry changed the world and the way I interact with it.
totally agree. Haven't watched SNL when it was actually on in a long time but Will makes it worth it.
Rose isn't gettin any calls
#JRMartinez can do no wrong! Did you see his latest move? He just keeps getting better!
DigitalStakeout is now assisting in the Lisa Stone case. Check them out on twitter. We are confident that this case will be solved soon!
I am so excited to see your face!
Whole foods has THE slowest juice bar in LA!! I'm better off growing my own vegetables and juicin them myself! Ugh!!
MT: ... #BuenCamino to those who need it. I can't wait to do mine.
You're the best, girl!
My new music video God is on our side has got lots of views on you tube thank you every one !!!!!!!! <3 Kellie
I'm really liking Jennings @ the 2 and Beno @ the 1. It allows Jennings to focus on scoring and not turning the ball over to the other guys
can't decide if that's cool or pathetic.
I'm a dude
I'm not sure what passive income generators are in this space, or anyone who even talks about it that way
THEY DON'T EVEN KNOW
= The Realness right now.
yea, not to make you jealous or anything, but the movie was in 3D...
When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder. - James H. Boren
it is sorta like the Dark Knight series. He's really turning into Captain Torch.
do u know any challenges in sf cuz I'm starving for food
jeezus they are good
im very insecure when it comes to my real hair
good battle tonight. Well excecuted. See u next week.
Evita broadway show
haha yea alot of people do that just to get money or something but yea lol (: xx
The classes will be every style of dance that I knw, but mainly hip-hop
Guy on the bus Sunday put his hand on my leg is a SUPER CREEPY fashion. I moved his hand & he did it again, so I changed seats.
2 set of lips - & she lies out them both
Wrapping up a great weekend celebrating 12 yrs of marriage w Thankful for God's patience, love and grace!
NOT GONNA STOP CALLLINGG! PICK UP AUSTIN<3
Upgraded to HTC inspire! Bye bye blackberry! Daddy is hella happy!
thanks bud! Excited to get into some classrooms this month!
Pitino in white is good luck (but bad look).
Looking for an affordable way to make your home your dream home? Let us help you have the best looking house on the block!
Rock ON!
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. ~Author Nora Roberts <-love this!
Chipotle for lunch. Feel like I've eaten a brick.
Setting the alarm for four.
Off to list and then to show.
#Braun statement: Should have used UPS! What can 'Braun' do for you?
Proverbs 2:3-4 Cry out for insight, and ask for understanding. Search for them as you would for silver; seek them like hidden treasures.
night = ruined.. #timeforbed. <U+E40E>
then you're talking about a full product life cyle, from initial "notice" all the way through to "love".
Cont. Josh Hamilton DH/OF, & Roy Halladay P
Sad weekend in motorsports.. RIP Mr. Carroll Shelby, one of the great ones!
200 years after no longer requiring voters to own land, GOP would require them to own cars.. unless you think non-drivers go to DMV for fun?
Put God first & everything else in your life will magically drop into place.
We're glad you enjoyed your visit. We hope you come again. Please let us know if you have any questions.
You're welcome. See you next year.
cosign GAG
They should make Justin spiderman. o: Like Really.
Best Relationship Matches = Love & Laughter
hell yeah u own it. Its yours
For da #hottest beats... #FollowMe and send me ya email for samples
hey, no worries. Key West doesn't have 26,000 undergrads or UCLA special collections w/Aldous Huxley's papers
We are going to be at The Audition show tomorrow night too!
Crunch on Sunset is having a $0 enrollment 2 Day Sale. Come in by Wednesday, get the best price of the year! Can I get a RT?
What are you looking for Jessica. Would love to help!
All my days, I've wanted nothing more than a wine in a shoe, so yes, I am very jealous!
Fake is the new trend, and everyone seems to be in style.
#MacBook HP Chairman Poses With Apple MacBook Air
you are my idol
are the rumors of the Oprah of Chula Vista getting your own show on the new U-T San Diego TV true?!
People in California give their cats Prozac.
Looking forward to some roller derby and rock n' roll this evening :-)))
I don't see how we can have a party this summer without live music, private cabanas, and scantily clad celebrities in a gigantic pool
nah but that's the only thing I know I'm better then him at lol that n jumping just as high
Any suggestions on what to do with the ancient boyfriend (who's politically repubgnant) who now wants to be FB friends?
awww Mrs.Jones giving you the silent treatment?
That moment when the school thinks a vial to hold weed in is a crackpipe and adds that to your charge of possession. I DON'T FUCK WITH CRACK
Just realized I replied to Twitter, not to you. It was my pleasure--see you in October.
So where the fk did shabazz go? Or did be not choose again?
If you missed our opening concert Welcome to America, you can tune into KNXR at 7pm tonight for the rebroadcast.
KW: on average, union workers make 30% more than nonunion. Bargaining rebalances power btw employers and workers.
Have a safe drive! My plane lands at 9 tonight
"Heathers" is great because it's totally of a horror movie. Satire-style.
had a great twitter page. I like how he mixes it up with current news and great info!
WHY I CHECK MY VOICEMAIL: 5%: Because I care about my missed calls. 95%: To get rid of the annoying icon on my phone.
I do ? Lol I think I'm better off w/o to be honest .
a few times, very quick, shes in background shots. i was teasing her asking for her autograph haha
25 K is hard but I can't believe it's going to be my reality this summer for the shows when I blow up
That is one good-looking group right there! :)
May the odds be ever in your favor.
The back bar was ugly… the unified search box took up a lot of vertical space… now all we have is the worst of both.
new trk up soon...
For real. RT“: The ignorance of this world takes my breath away sometimes. What are people protecting marriage from?”
Y the hell sebt me 9 txt n 1 min lol she drunk
Who is PUMPED for Ravens/Pittsburgh game?
drink local!
Arrival time at LGB, 925a. SuperShuttle pickup time, 1051a. Total # deep breaths taken: infinite.
but then since justin confessed about what happened , professor crumbs gives all his head powers to justin.
Sit & Knit at the Children's Library TODAY! Monday, 4/2 4-5pm for kids ages 8-19!
Blurry avi's << I wonder do they do it on purpose?!
lynette_amerie maybe. You deal with this problem daily though.
Am I The Only Once Having A
Rediscover #Prairietown We kept what you always loved about 1836 Prairietown and made it more interactive & engaging than ever before!
lol Oh okay. Sry if I misinterpreted that last one. Head is in #fiveplacesatonetime :)
and how did that go? Awkward, interesting?
Oh no you didn't! The Reds announcer on FSOhio, "you can throw a dagger in the Brewers now". He must be a Packers fan.
I'll be spectating. Text if/when you're in the area.
follow me Alex!
Can you please follow me back!! it would mean so much.! your such a funny interviewer !!(:
You can only have one item that ranks as most important in your life, and your actions will tell others what it is. Choose wisely!
when GOD took my mama he placed a woman in my life that love me unconditionally iloveuy grandma tootie:)
Absolutely. We allow re-use in every sense of the word.
Thank you BunkZunk for your support. Most appreciative.
I want some chocolate :D I LOVE CHOCOLATE!!
Just tapped Alaskan Birch Bock
Looking forward to Mayweather vs. Cotto!! There better be blood!
": No one whines about officials like Rangers fans. The NoDak fans of the NHL." Haha, visit the MavPuck message boards.
Thank you Gina from Rumingle.com for helping me on episode 9. You are great and I am looking forward to working with you in the future!
RT : ALPHA by is “Pulse-pounding…Rucka mixes suspense & an alarmingly realistic plot with ease”...
Currently reading "Wings of a Dream" by
n who ever sent the pic of sara flashin justin is a complete dumbass like relly... u probably gunna ruin his reputation retard
#nowplaying Something More-Secondhand Serenade
A thousand times I've failed STILL your mercy remains. & should I stumble again, I'm caught in your GRACE.
The book bags have been packed with care for #bookbuzzcpl Monday Now off to eat ribs at my Chicago fave
Leaving from San Pedro or Dana Point? Love Catalina, esp. Two Harbors.
Thanks for the kind mentions & RTs Best of weekends 2 you
Lately my diet has consisted of burgers & raspberries.
"mobile Internet is not helping people overcome demographic differences" - with a hung head
It just started. You're in time!
Jose!!! Trip-trip-triple!!!
How come Bristol Palin opens her mouth and the world talks. I say something and nobody gives a damn. Maybe because I am more intelligent?
New research from : Women over 50 feel invisible at retail and to marketers. Yet more vibrant and more connected.
DOES ANYONE WANT TO DO A DROP FOR MY SHOW ON CHOP CHOP RADIO....HIT ME UP AND LET ME KNOW AND ILL GIVE GIVE U MY EMAIL ADDRESS!!!
Anytime! If I can assist you in any way I will. :)
Will be at work when the B1A4 MV comes out tomorrow. D: </3 Don't want to see any news about it until I get back from work.
Happy Easter everyone!!!! Family coming over soon :D
Follow us so you can Direct Message us your address we will send you one bro!
they need you on organ bro. Lol
Having never been to Australia, that would certainly be my choice!
wow doesn't surprise me.
The tix will be under Rusty Rollison at will call! Enjoy!!
went to the movies with my friend vicki went to see breaking dawn and jack and jill soo much funn
Bored out of my mind , don't know what to do -___-
When in doubt...EAT CURRY!!!
Basement Sanctuaries will be published as Story of the Week at Foto8 Online on September 22
Very nice! We will try and include that on Saturday's party playlist just for you :)
A guy who won't pitch in Sept doesn't deserve CY ": ": My Cy Young favorites: Stephen Strasburg."// no love for Cueto"
I need to get out of here..
I think it all started when you picked karate kid, down hill from there! I forgot all about the guy hugs. Haha their crazy!
Going to the TRX class tonight at 5:45 pm at Sierra Fitness!
IKR(: Its so weird
Listening to Justin Beiber on and he sounds so mature
yeah, no memory expansion, no replaceable battery. You were better off with an android.
trust me, im so down for that...lol. enjoy ;-)
On my way to school
how can you OD on OSF? (But to be honest, I'm about to explode with food so I think I could MAYBE see how.)
Anyone recommend a good scanner app for Android? There seem to be numerous ones out there...and of course, any good beer apps?
No, it doesn't have to be perfect to be really good.
Every time I hear "look at me now" I think of justin bieber and how he rocked that rap hahah he's so cute
(hehe, just kidding)
RT Before we disappear into the hectic blur of the New Year...yfrog.com/kefwmgtj
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO !!! Love you!!!
Yes indeed. Also unrivaled among his peers for comic potential application of his name.
You are right, my apologies
Looking forward to the session on grant writing for NIH TODAY at noon. See you there!
Tomatoes are the richest food source of lycopene, an antioxidant studied for its potential disease-fighting properties. Salsa time!
So what you're saying is, I'll have one less follower? Damn! :)
I haven't talked to you in 3 days last . Last text i have from you is Monday ?
Happy 2012!!!! I'm ready for you.
Awesome. I'm with my friend as well.. we are weird ass kids man >_<
You fucked my kindness over! You fucked my fam.i.l.y over and most of all you fucked my <\3 over
Ah! I'm a week behind... is it good?
I just want something cold to drink !!
There is a shockingly good sushi bar in the Detroit airport.
That was a nice burst of productivity.
About to see True Grit at the cutest little theater in the Latin Quarter: the Grand Action. So excited.
haha, i'm hearing terrible things about that region from everyone! i was just saying the other day i feel lucky on the east coast.
"1000 STRONG FOR TRAYVON MARTIN" RALLY THIS FRIDAY MARCH 30TH @ GOULDS PARK IN SOUTH MIAMI, FL @ 5PM!
Had an exciting brainstorm session today for a high school student interested in interning for a cable television network.
Where u @ boo.
Once you’ve communicated the emotional reasons to buy, justify the purchase with reasons that make logical sense.
I just lost the game
I didn't get it
Yay! You're a sweetie.
Not shocked
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet. Plato
RT : .: "I can't do real-time journalism on Facebook the way I can on Twitter." Worrisome since most people are there.
please tell me you're recording!!!
#Soccer moms through the years: Kick the ball honey! Good job! Take it from her! Don't let her do that to u! Push her back! Hit her! B*tch!
#GameChangeBaltimore : Exterior shot of Downtown #Baltimore, by Mitchell Courthouse...
Affirm the positive, visualize the positive and expect the positive, and your life will change accordingly.
#WWE So Did Cena Just Admit He Has No Balls?
Study Day: noon to midnight. Tutoring in most subjects, 1st floor center, with treats for participants.
Waiting for burgers at Hodad's, which sounds like the San Diego version of We'll see....
We want to thank for being the sponsor for SMBSD27 this Friday - you guys rock!
You guessed it. The Damn Near Free #Contest continues today @ 5 EST. Answer ?'s for $$
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain. Mark Twain
Well we all know the outcome of this game so I guess I'll go do some more work tonight.
I really wish that EotD was bring done as a series on HBO, Showtime, or AMC...Syfy is so hit or miss.....
What a rip by B-Moss
I never accepted that bet, Im not dumb ;)
I can be a gentlemen. anything you want. I can be your superman. I can be your everything.
Never be bullied into silence.Never allow yourself to be made a victim.Accept no one’s definition of your life;define yourself.-H.Fierstein
the proud family movie is gone off so Phineas and Ferb it is
On the beach right now but looking to get back in the game SOON!!!!
Well, now we are pumping up for Saturday!
What time do finals start tomorrow?
are any of you coming to DC soon?
Recording VO auditions. Not used to doing it at night, voice feels off.
Just listened to the latest podcast and was hands down the best thing I have listened to in awhile. Loved the conversation.
let me know when you come back from Syracuse :)
One good reason not to lock your smartphone: when you lose it, the guy that finds it simply calls you back, as it just happened to me.
Yeah im sad, But his heart will always be in texas and i am so happy for him that he is getting to live out his dream. He is doing this -
Have full day off. Anything to do in this town?
Read every Bryce Harper article on Deadspin.
RT : is that a Meetup? Similar. It's at belo nightclub. See u there
Happy Wednesday Twittersphere! Feeling some #memberpride today:
RT : HELLO :D
Agree “: Hey, I dig the white out as much as the next guy but it made a lot more sense when the home team was wearing white.”
This Twitter app is acting stupid.
Someone told me today that I would have been perfect for the role of Lord Grantham
But an entire book every day? That's just crazy talk. . . . I think.
Workout tip for time starved #startup founders - workout in half your normal time, but add a weighted workout vest. It will wear you out.
Great meetings with new and repeat clients this week. Looking forward to working on some new mixing projects for both music and video.
Faith is the function of the heart. - Mahatma Gandhi
The popcorn was so bad I had to return it for a newer batch last night
hahah u gotta help me move all my stuff home too
Holy shit I'm seeing childish Gambino tonight
Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.
All the "old" people love my cassette tape iPhone case. Those under 23 don't get it.
congrats #TuiTime RT : Excited to announce we've signed Dolphins defensive tackle Isaako "Tui" Aaitui as a client
don't let your twizzler fetish hold you back!
RT “If you smile at someone, they might smile back.“ -Author Unknown
Sometimes in football you have to score goals.
#TheVoice "We're all the same color with the lights off." CeeLo (Love it!)
Lmao its to funny:-)
What are your plans for Memorial Day? I think its time for some BBQ. But then again, it is always time for some BBQ. But that's just me.
Mondays can be tough!
Hi Gregory. Nice to meet you & thanx for the invite. I'm in Charlotte, so I won't see the show, but I will give a listen!
hacking this lil ugly girl twitter
Like minds of quality!!! <3
are you back in NY yet?
Recruiting on a Senior Communications Specialist position in Rochester, NY. Really cool job!
Halverson: Standards and accountability legislation led to shift of schools responsibility for access to responsibility for outcomes.
Lol.. Why is that? I still get buckets too!
Everyday is a great day! I have nothing to complain about:)
When your on deck and all ready to bat and there is 2 outs but the hot in front of you strikes out
You should not make terrible choices or prefer to eat junk food
I better be after what you just said..ON TWITTER. TWITTER. TWITTER. TWITTER.
You either with me or against me!!!!!!!
Become a fan of HRL on FB by TOMORROW @ 12pm for a chance to win a 2 night stay for FREE! Spread the word! :)
EMERGENCY!!!!! What pedals do you use? I want your fuzz/overdrive!!!
Your prof will deny saying that.
& should become part of the crew. Just throwing that out there.
Quaker Steak and Lube tonight! Any friends from Ohio want to meet there??
Marcel Proust When something is missing in your life, it usually turns out to be someone
can we Skype...have a few questions for you.
At 20 a man thinks he can save the world. At 40 he's lucky if he can save a small portion of his salary.
Pleasure! Thanks for the follow back!
ah.. First time of the year there is a little trick.
facebook is stupid
Inbox was full. RT : Leave it to the Hollywood guy to get creative and wear a gray tie. SMH at u Peter Guber
ima let you play with my tattoo...ha..keyboard!....ha
My path is truly becoming clearer and clearer.....
I hope u r doing great Queen :)
Bob Filner looks a little crazy & defensive in going off script.
Tracking with (of fame) tom for our debut release. Happy to lay down tracks that prove we actually are in a band.
It was great meeting you too! Hope to see you on board soon!
it's super amazing, and tyler is totally rad. Were you at the NRA show as well?
print your confirmation out you can reprint your badge there or I believe online on reg page as 4 card probably get 1@v n
Whack-a-mole Wednesday!
Bennett just told the district to budget based on the midyear cuts happening.
not advocating this. just wondering.
Stretch break in Albany. Home by 1:30 tonight!
Look out for the DREAM TEAM..just wasnt my time
so excited that the fab chair for my AHA panel doesn't need papers until Jan.1. God Bless Fred Hoxie!
Okay Can I have your email?? Ill send you a so we can get this started
I thought today was Wednesday...
I'm heading to DC for the OCLC-Webjunction-Project Compass meeting to hang out with librarians.
Go get slapped by a bus
LOL That's what Twitter is for. You can kill so much time on this joint lol
walking on my crutches after surgery
Let's see it!
PANEL INFO: Digital Runway SIS-223
Same :( RT RIP MCA (Adam Yauch) Going to put on License To Ill and mourn loudly. :(
Gr8 week so far: Hosted an art salon Sun. pm w/ great peeps, dinner w/ fav LA model Treasa Tues, & my friend cellist Serena Jost tonight.
yeah I'm great.. You been aight?
“: More mental health closure protesters shouting in #chicouncil chambers.” not going to stop.Why no hearing?
yo I'm coming outta retirement, playing in a celebrity game next weekend!
He should tweet us saying sorry for playing like absolute trash and sorry for sleeping the entire damn game.
Who Down To Txt Thoo ? (:
Its a smaller party than i thought....thats nice i made the cut off list, i feel loved, haha(:
Stop by booth #904 at #alamw12 to pick up info on the new TV show Great #Libraries of the World! Ask for me!
Jimmy! Whatever you would like. You're the djay.
Nick Julian and chris still need bff's for my story!! ~Ashley
E-mail address is ... Thanks.
Happy Birthday Whoopi! We LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE you. Keep tooting.
hahahaha yes!! A nice, bright shining welcoming face of Missouri... What a nice thing to remember
S/o to all NF.. I always follow back
": Sleeping is nice. You forget about everything for a little while."
cuz I havent been here in a long time -dannah
It's so cold!
probably will be late Friday night. Should I make a reservation?
some woods
Bought CD! Amazing!
Co-create one piece of peace a constant intention.
Chunky as charged
Dude named Fred Boyce got rocked by an alligator is a crazy mofo lol
Biogenesis - Harmonic Science
thanks for the RT Deanna!
You guys hearing this news on the Madoff/Mets lawsuit?
Someone get Ryan Seacrest a new tux.
Glad C loves her bus driver, but she talks about him all the time. A little strange for a 6 yo to be obsessed with a 40 year old man.
Poppycock is so underused. Can that be the title of your next book?
oh, I see it. Twitter just pulled his address book in his phone. Dang!
Enough studying, time to take a break and go to dance practice then come back and do more studying :/
how u doin
Her docs are nice!
I am a firm believer that when you see kids behaving poorly, just look at their parents and you will get the answer why it is the case.
"The cure for everything is salt water- sweat, tears, or the sea."
Welcome, Love Boat!
Chillin bout to watch a movie. Netflix time haha
Hear from those who escaped the Plymouth fire after the game.
Why yes, I will trust my home security to a company that robocalls my cell phone.
I need to be better about organizing my work-related research. Damn my professional apathy.
Loved Reitman's latest. Good stuff there. Fantastic story-telling.
I just wanted to tweet you his name cause you said so. So here, :D
www.MOMENTUMCLEVELAND.com ~MARKETING MEMORIES~ Corporate & Private Events <U+2605> Bar/Bat Mitzvahs <U+2605> Event Coordination <U+2605> Event Management
I feel awful.
The "Stand Your Ground" law should be renamed the "Legal Lynching Law."
And he's Leaving Alex? Omg. Here comes the tears
RT : Come get your grub on before watching our at ! Brunch is now until 3!
Were all my fans of NFL
US intellectual history. I have Hollinger & Capper, Metaphysical Club, Pauli Murray and others
: It will go home empty handed.
I might fall asleep on this here couch.
Pet Clinic is setting up to go on stage at Art All Night now.
When life isnt reason enuf 2 respect the living, will be content w/our own lives being on the wrong side of a societal cost/benefit analysis
was the motion?
We're going to see Follies on Broadway tomorrow! Really looking forward to it, anyone seen this production?
that nigga west brook odd Idc what nobody say
MCPSA is pleased to host a St Louis Student Enrollment Fair at South City Prep on Grand until 2 today.
Guess who took another charge at a crucial moment? Shelton of course! Media timeout with 2:50 left with #Aztecs leading 63-59.
i want to be memorable, never a memory...
We love all our WV teams!
Day 1 of complete. I'll be drinking my beer tonight through a straw
Strong, professional, passionate, global, forward thinking
can all of you guys please delete, please delete for
PYT trending because of michael or something else?
It would be nice to reach 3,000 followers
#vampires #zombies #werewolves I'm more afraid of when mummies come back from the dead, and get pissed because they're not trendy anymore.
hell's ya! Got a 90 on my math test! Woo hoo!xD
Man i remember when I got my first cell phone
did you see the bow he took from Hardin? My face was like: oh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
She may talk it, but she ain't about that life!
yeah oh well!!!
Seriously watching Tough Love: New Orleans.
I don't like that they don't give u the original TOMs box when u buy them from
Unless you use those magic markers, you're absolutely straight on fucked
Finna pull up to the quick trip for a chili cheese dog at half time mm
is slowing learning how to connect myself to myself across my different media platforms, blogs and all! wish me luck. xoxoxox
Wearing white pants is a guarantee I will sit in something and/or spill coffee within ten minutes of leaving the house.
totally right :) but yeah.
ULL will look to defend its SBC Tournament title and record the fifth conference championship in a row for the Cajuns.
In the end...hard work and dedication pays off! Keep hustling, keep grinding, but don't lose yourself! #stayhumble Congrats!;o)
It doesn't feel like christmas at all todayy:( its so weirdd
Black cherry faygo>>>
You guys get to fly to Edmonton? No bus ride? If so, that is awesome!!!
Good eye.
Goodnight tweeters <3
You better visit when you're in Charlotte!
The past is a lot like a shadow on the ground behind you. Just because you can't see it doesn't mean it's not still there.
Lol... that's disturbing.
Also any 'progressive' writing 'not one penny not one vote' will also bear that responsibility for uninsured.
no #sales today-- the kids and i are going to rake, then watch some nba playoffs.
You could have saved him, had he let you.
DJs i really need yall on that "Gettin Em" single, hit me for the service pack
Is home resting. My hip don't lie when its hurting!!! Have a great day; afternoon, evening, and night!!
Found god on google earth.. i knew he was real
nope pleasure trip lol
I hear the male counterpart to the other story.Almost an epistolary flavor but first person/present rather than letters
No problemo girly my pleasure :] thank you so much!
D3 offers good luck wishes today to S.B. and M.F. A sincere & heartfelt D3 congrats to C.V.!
I would have more respect for Jon Bon Jovi if he was an analyst over Jon Barry
Thanks so much, Mike! Very much appreciate your reading and review!!! Thank you!
can it just be saturday already!?
Hi - not in this person this year but I'll be participating in the backchannel
Love this quote: Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well. ~ Jim Rohn
Well then. RT : If I was a Chicagoan on a Domu.com ad, it would read: Lauren. Twitter Monster. Expert booty shaker.
EVERYONE FOLLOW (:
UGGH!! I just got sad again. :(
I never wish death on nobody, cause there ain’t coming back from that
dunno, they had replaced the turf at AA last time I was there...
Happy Mother’s Day to all of those that are Mothers and to all of those that will one day become Mothers.
Thanks! I will need to go get the extra piece.
omg same here! I still got 8thgrade to go but it will be over before I kno it! Ah
#wellington call me maybe ? ;) 4692330512 <3
This Thunder Fan wants to go to the Yankee Doodle Tap Room! #tweetyourseat Sec 20 Row BB Seat 2!!
Swell Noel
What Up Trey!!
My pleasure. Know the kind of work that is involved so had to mention it. Do you visit Texas at all?
If you haven't heard Hillsong's new album I recommend you get it/listen to it ASAP! It's AMAZING!!! :D. <3
Marines headed north toward LA from Camp Pendleton
Someday I would love to join on a #ramenquest. He is the master of
You know what baby. Don't start with me! We are all going to make sure you are safe! Don't need any mishaps!
Do you need assistance making a year-end gift while our office is closed? Contact Lesly Bosch Annen at .
So far, I think it's just a list of one. ;-p
Get it gurl!
Dang it, I got cream cheese on my work pants.
Thanks to all who joined us yesterday at - we will see you in Madison again soon!
Personal pursuits excite students - Champaign/Urbana News-Gazette
wow the left is full of hate I hope you don't represent the majority of uneducated people
STOP CALLIN, STOP CALLIN, I DON'T WANT TO THINK ANYMORE
How is everyone today?
I will vote for any candidate who promises to wall off Florida and turn it into a giant Hunger Games/Running Man/Battle Royale cage match.
To level the playing field... starts w/ the edu of our sons and daughters. ~VP Joe Biden
I like how I think I need sleep for a 6 hour bus ride but I never think I need sleep for school.
So glad to be apart of the INDEPENDENT PARTY! <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
Begins SHOOTING the role of Concetta in the trailer for THE YEARS OF THE LOCUSTS directed by Italian documentary filmmaker, Carlo Mignano.
so what's the happy hour specials?
Crush it!!!
What time is it? Game time!
I am thinking about getting a 2004 Chevy SSR for a new car!
Lakers, Celtics, and Bulls all on TV tonight. Lakers & Celtics on TNT and Bulls on ESPN.
Working 2 years in the #Azure cloud. What a great experience!
I blogged for over a year on my fansite before I wrote one blog post that got more hits than that entire year's worth of posts combined
Thank me later.
RT : Happy 10th Anniversary to one of the best PR companies in the biz. Proud to know the team there! // THANKS!
I ate the pizza ;) Aw you want my company ^^ #Cute :)
haha wish I could say it would be soon, but funds are tight nowadays... I'd love to make it up there though
Hit up our webstore! They will be put on Will Call at the venue. www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
I am in search of an attitude adjustment this week.
#cosign RT : Make sure to check out to get your free music on! Why wouldn't you want to support FREE MUSIC! FOR FREE!
Tomorrow a movie filming will simulate an explosion in a vehicle with a fireball effect on Withers St at Union Ave between 1:30 PM and 4:30.
I know...Howard is a class guy
is the funniest guy i know lol you shoulda heard wat he just said
"The opposite of #PLAY is not work. It's depression." ~Brian Sutton-Smith (play theorist, 1924) May your day be filled with childlike cheer!
I love the design and unique de signs of Ettika jewelry my fave is the snake ring!
Pleasure reading bender, YES! HUNGER GAMES is waiting by my bedside...all three.
u r amazing that would never change promise
If your in Seattle this weekend, go to this booth A4QSports @ Seattle Golf Show. Another TE from the NW who played a few yrs!
in school :/
proved itself to be amazing for yet another season
no complaints!
Anyone ever notice the word “die” in diet?!
Guess who turned 1??
"Son, I'm 30. I only went with your mother 'cause she's dirty. And I don't have a decent bone in me. What you get is just what you see."
Thanks for the RTs hope we see you there :)
The #Celtics started strong cuz they was rockin to that in #Philly sorry #StreetfixPhilly fans we still luv y'all.
so great to connect with you, thank you for the follow XO
Oh you hurt me so good!
I am gonna come party wit the crew next time! #getready!
your 0% yogurt is still the best, but the cherry passionfruit tastes a lot like cough syrup. Ugh. Guess I'll stick with plain.
I've never been the best with my mouth.
They pay you the big bucks to tweet that?!
The unsavory taste of vodka ads | The Flying Yenta
I wish he would try me ctfu
Always thrilled to find a fan of my books. Thanks! Love DocMartin, so does my husband & friend Thea.
Such a great movie. Although I can't build anything or grow anything so I probably would not make the cut. lol
Wilson's hot tamales makes you jolly
Is it the start of a great day or an extremely long one when you almost make yourself late to work cause you were pinning on pinterest?
His tummy is soft and sqooshy but the rest of him is covered in spikes! He is a chill dude, though, so he doesn't stab you.
You have no idea the turmoil you have just caused me. Yes to carbs/No to carbs. Yes to deliciousness/Yes to no deliciousness
:) Good to hear from you too ! and thank you ! I'm so thankful that they are.
RT Driving to Bristol. ETA 7:39 AM using Waze - Drive Social
I just want to be with right now...he always makes me feel better.
Thank you! That's a super useful reference. My plan now is to get data back as geojson -- should be straightforward sailing. I hope
you know what's really cool is that in your tour you guys perform at a bunch of places I do too :))
I've drank like 7 cups of kool-aid tonight. It's cause I'm black doe.
Wish I could have made it...looking forward to checking it out! RT : Opened up last night for PASIC attendees - great event!
I happen to be very lucky with the people I meet, though :)
It appears I have agreed to coach a team of 11-year-old girls for the spring soccer season. Not entirely sure how that happened.
Oh my god hahahaha. I love when people scream at eachother. Its the most entertaining thing ever.
Suck my dick for a lotto guess
I'm praying Exodus 14:14: "The Lord will fight for you; you need only to be still." (A good prayer for radiation!)
great morning toon
Down the street and around the corner from me...lol. Enjoy!
Pam Armstrong's presentation on the semantic web is the best at showing exactly what is possible with the semantic web & rda.
Very sad isn't it?
it just me or does it just get you jacked up watching in anything he does?
I thought we killed "swagg"??!!! If we didn't we should.
I think I finally got rid of the Twitter virus! Thanks
I believe they own a number of the vacants that are clustered there on Reed. Perhaps there's some larger plan...
Why do i always crave for spicy food when i have stomach trouble?
Are you making any stops in Indianapolis or nearby?
Oh Stephen, ALL of my readers are civilized. It CAN be done...who knew?! Your response was Grade A. Will answer in the a.m.
I think Jack Daniel`s is a racist, because, he does not get along with Jose Cuervo
Thanks to all the haters for making not only my girlfriend, but girls everywhere feel worthless and ugly.
It's so fun to watch good basketball.
what day is comin over this weekend? ..can we get eat park the next morning lol
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho is a bitch.
RT : “We love our bread, we love our butter, but most of all we love our butter.” -Paula Deen as Madeline
Yeah, I only got rid of a little bit before I moved. And all of my furniture. I think lots more will go.
When an ICONiac has the Same Icon pic as you...
the people just look at me like wtf. I'm surprised they don't know my name.
Milwaukee's top team takes 113 points, Madison manages 65.
Two days of doing nothing but reading my novel was worth every minute. After 14 rewrites, I still had some inconsistencies.
Then we gotta wait till 12:30.. ugh too fuckin long.
Happiness doesn't depend on what we have, but it does depend on how we feel towards what we have. - W.D. Hoard
I really dislike it when people just stop texting you in the middle of a conversation -____-
We go through a surprisingly small amount of bacon, Portland. Seems odd to us.
LOVE Sampan! Great apps!
holy downpour
whad'ya know?? Thanks a latte for the kind words! “: shout out to my alma mater uwm pre-grind-could have used you”
more positions for new graduates. It hasn't happened for years!
I put you in your place....didn't I....
Sounds fantastic! Thanks!
Goodnight Anthony!(:
Bummer. season is over. Swarm win playoff game 14-10. Still had so much fun... such a great time for the kids!
see you in roughly 9 hours!!! Have a safe trip :)
I just wanna get you addicted!!!
freind with brand new baby in NICU who needs good thoughts and prayers. Get well Sidney Grace.
#cara student Ricky M. secured a position as a production worker at Mars Chocolate through Staff Management! 67 of 310!!
I was on the founding team back in '09 and now run our impact eval system. Tell me a bit about your involvement in education?
Q: Why did #MickeyMouse take a trip into space? A: He wanted to find
(304):I tried to cut him off and he said "I was the president of a fraternity for 3 years, I could outdrink God."
Like a good neighbor state farm is there! With in my bed!! Hahahaha
#beforetwitter i never followed strangers ;)
Hey, I would be too! m, jelly filled glazed donut. Yes please.
Great to be with my son Ashley today in Lexington. 7 people gave their lives to Jesus today!
: Saturday. I leave Sunday morning. It'd be great to see you before I leave.
Kobe see what happens when you pass the ball. Greedyman lol
It was #babypalooza this morning at ! Baby N and I had a blast playing with our new friends.
#LightSkin is the shit! I say that cause I'm light skinned. But we're all beautiful! Black, white yellow, and brown.
this is bullshit! I always text u back! Lemme check again and try to resend
Let's go . Beat sharapova!!
Idk just look for some cute guys c if they're single n if ur confident bout that person then ask if he could be.
glad you survived! Turbulence is the worst! And, yes I think you've earned croissants and shopping :)
oh man I don't know when i'll be up for an all nighter like that haha we need to start earlier!
DJ Costa at Estate this weekend! Can't wait...
only like 20 minutes left of school though :)
We can hack the one-man-one-woman crap by matching gay guys to lesbians solely for passing on fed death benefits. Sham weddings! Cake! $$!
is it weird I have a crush on the ikea spokeswoman?
It's half hour for Shakespeare-a-thon. We'll be here til midnight today and tomorrow and hope you join us! 254 w.31st.
that looks delish
Happy Friday! Want to be our friend on Facebook. Like us. We are a friendly bunch:-)
Reading about the adroit craftsmanship in a composition is not unlike hearing how a blind date is a "really good listener."
Petr Nedved still plays hockey. How about that. MT : Petr Nedved’s 3rd period marker turned a tie game into a Czech win vs Latvia
cant it be summer already!?
This rain is putting a damper on my excitement to reuinite with my best friend!!
shit doodoo. What are you doing?
Just when I get my geomatry grade up to a D we have another test back to an F I guess #owell sigh
good :) Id do the same
how old were u when u started to sing
wats wrong love
Time is a constant, thus, adapt to ensure you do what needs to be done. The complaint shouldn't be "If only I had more time"
Let me say this...no #Lakers fan can tell me nothing about the #Heat losing by 3 when y'all got butt rapped last night!
Great! So happy to connect!
yes for those of us that happen to be gingers Haha
ravens VISIT Seattle this weekend. Not the other way around!
just finished re-reading Dean Koontz's Frankenstein Book One - now on to Book Two again! #3 out next month... can't wait!
I got to check one think off of my massive todo list already because I forgot that mobile Overdrive hasn't changed. This!? is awesome!
Thanks for the RT luv, man!
Can't believe Thanksgiving is almost here! Get your fall scents now! Pumpkin Spice, Oatmeal Spice, and Apple Spice. YUM!
Hey, I try! (I try to rock those Stones songs, too!)
YOU MARRYIN SOMEONE ELSE DOE SO :-*
Thank you so much. Glad you like the jewelry.
Stupid broken phone...
Stay strong! Make sure it is dark
the slow green fox hopped under the lazy dog.
Happy Friday!!
Action & reaction, ebb & flow, trial & error, change is the rhythm of living.
thank you kindly!
where at? Is it the one in Florida?
extra good luck today!!! Hope u run better than yesterday!!!! See you @ Snoqualmie sometime*
FF , , , , for live coverage of #Seau funeral & memorial.
Ugh, that guy's been ruining my life since he came to Florida. Same pronunciation but mine's fancier
Well done Cher. You're a great artist. Not that u asked but put a hash tag b4 autism and u will reach more folks.
Me and my sis were talkin a little earlier about how people think we mean , we came to the conclusion that were just honest, maybe too much
Ano section mo ?
Heats doing work
Something stupidly offensive. Like every other time. ": Crap. I left twitter for an hour. What did Gingritch say?"
Just Pre-ordered: Silversun PIckups new album Neck Of The Woods. Can't wait.
81 degrees in Miami and it's hailing!
How quickly and precisely can you describe what you want? If you are unclear on what you want you probably won't get it.
Reminds me of old joke about how to make a hormone ...don't pay her :)
thanks for hooking me & my girls up with that booty mix, hoochie momma hit the spot! Lmao
Today at noon is our last #sxsw show. SteadyBoy Records showcase at G&S Lounge.
#ghettotranslations that's that shit I DONT like= I really don't appreciate you doing that to me, it's offensive.
me to and I hope mine do to !!!
(jen) Waiting for my video to render so I can go to bed.
Pres. Clinton with David Feherty -- must see TV.
Just switched to MTV. Maybe just the hair. LOL“: Boris305 are you watching tv right now? The dude on MTV's "Made" is ur twin.lol”
haven't seen it yet. Really want to now though. I think they have a few very different scenes.
That's baseball! Grow up sissy. “: The whole "you hit one of our guys, so I'm gonna plunk one of yours" thing is so stupid.”
At Mason's concert at Grace and St. Peters church, I have not burst into flames yet but it does smell very Catholic in here.
A day like this doesn't come around that often ~
Going to have my Will, Power of Attorney and Living Will drafted tomorrow. Anyone wants dibs on the Power of Attorney?
If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel. - Jim Morrison
I am about to go get my Zen On
Zelda is the working title for a film project, a modern story intertwined with the mythos of Zelda Fitzgerald.
maybe.. were still waiting on another band .. If not I'll hit ya up
haha oh man I missed that!!! Lol. Weird things happen at iPhonic shows
"Your Work is AMAZING! Its so BAD ASS... You hoNOR hip-hop culture." - Quote courtesty of: Bella Beezee (Las Vegas, Nevada USA), 2012
Unknown~ Be happy Be supportive Be Naughty Be just like the way you are But dont get bored.
lost? follow me! (;
oh no I won't!
I called parents,dad picked up phone&still yelling @ mom in next room~YOU'VE GOT 20 PAIRS OF BLACK HEELS! THEY ALL GO WITH YOUR BLACK DRESS!
hi. I love you. my life would be complete if you followed me. <3
why what happened!!! :o
LAA Kazmir flirting w/ trouble early, second time through the order might be tough
I make beats in my head so fast. Why can't the money for the equipment to put my creations together come this fast.
Why can I only get boring clothes to match, and never my cute ones? Sigh. Farewell, cute clothes, I hardly knew ye!
Consumers abandon prepaid wireless carriers, WSJ reports
Oh, good. My one-man fan club has moved on to something else.
TPS will produce a white paper on color technologies for a digital solutions company in January.
Giving my heart to a man completely, but always end up hurt in the end!
would you rather be 1-8 in the playoffs or 2 for 18 in game 7?
Gr8 AM w/ moms & kids. Making puppets & T's. Now making pelmeni for 30.
real cool....i remember when i had my first beer!!!!
That certainly is a unique bartering system.
Very interesting. I guess I just noticed the rehashed bits. Thanks. (And dude, you need to see more than ten minutes.)
the fuck up. Your a piece of shit that doesn't know how to treat women or raise a kid. Get a fuckin life.
Good morning #txla12 -Gen Sess II this afternoon w/ & guests, still time to donate blood (until 1:30pm), signings, & TT4L -enjoy!
is looking for an #Oracle #DBA for a full time role il #Lexington, KY
Finally finished my Christmas shopping before the 23rd, a personal best.
I go to sleep with a picture of a porsche on my wall
Ok get on google plus
I can come do that for u
Thank you all for coming out to the show on Thursday! We had a great time.
how you put them signs on
yeah and I'm never gonna
WHAT THHEEEEE FUCCCCKKK CHEATING ASS REFS THEY FUCKING CHEATING
My opinion is that does a lot of good, shining light on important issues. However he never reveals the whole truth, by design.
Feliz Cinco! Why are our people terrible at sleeping in?!
The south bay currently has thousands of homes available! check them out!!
BAR 11 IS THE PLACE TO BE TONIGHT....(BEHIND NORTHSTAR MALL)
burned 309 calories doing 31 minutes of "Running (jogging), 6.7 mph (9 min mile)"
I've heard so many great things about you, I can't believe I haven't followed you yet on principle alone.
Good News! I secured media coverage with REDBOOK Magazine this month!
I've been cleaning my whole house for the last 2 hours BY MYSELF...not to mention cooking for my brother as well
So thankful that “I Get To!”® choose my perspective – I choose gratitude!
haha you know how it is
Revolucion crates changes in our system of living waking up visualizes better future in our life system.
and they say theres a war going on overseas. If a kid dies and a politician doesnt care did it really happen
I was kidding...
On a personal note, this kid outta SA said my tweets are lame...just trying to keep your bitch ass from becoming the prison punk u look like
Oh, Sea Ranch vacation with the drunks is on!! 5 days, 2 house, 18 drunks, obscene amount of food & booze.
graduated to a stylus for my touch devices...
Only white family in this whole restaurant
And in that moment I swear we were infinite....<3
You will fail in your dreams only if you allow it to. Never stop fighting for what you believe in no matter how big of the challenge it is.
Eve Atticus killing shit on the radio. Of course.
#aallfs what stresses you more about technology? Having it too much or missing it when unavailable?
Unless I know you personally (and we're friends), don't address me as 'dude', 'man', or 'guy'....
Passover Seder went well. We used a Liberated Haggadah. Brought to mind those still in slavery and joy for those who have been freed.
I DM'd you, hit me up later tonight!
Perfectly timed lane change, as the horse in the trailer (in front of me) had to relieve itself.
CM inaugurates 95th birthday celebrations of Mar Chrysostum
Has anyone been to the Tattoo Museum in Baltimore? Does anyone have a good tattoo story?
you said when and where I named it...so you the fake one...end of convo, go hang with ringless Murphy
Agreed! People definitely use technology to access info. 250,000+ use a phone in SD each year to access services by dialing 2-1-1
live Wednesday night following UK game w/special guest !!! Gonna be a great night!!!
They just do..(: call me crazy but they do(:
Girl-crushing on after NAILING her Sarah Palin performance in HBO's "Game Change." Most interesting film I've seen in 2012.
Awkward moment when I scream "it smells like vagina" and Martiak grills me lmao
I love rock and roll
I haven't please take pictures!
happy birthday!
Super early to trivia semi-finals. Sorry #coffee but we think we picked a good seat!
oh I'll do it ASAP thank u my love
RT : Do you love hiding electrical outlets? Well an exciting career in hotel design might be just what you're looking for!
Clearing the stadium now bc of weather threats in the area. VT leads 4-1 in the middle of the 5th innings.
well call the Dongmail and describe. 323-301-DONG
Same, but it didn't work for THE ROAD. Thought they'd die if I stopped reading.
Got a package for ya! PS the sign looks GREAT!
I feel guuuuuuuuuud.
sick first place avatar.
I KNOW ASDFGHJKL.
ewww that sucks lmao and I will!
Don't let nobody tell you your life is over!
What are you looking this ain't your business
Im glad I got a great taste in females...
After a week vaca... 792 emails and both coffee shops at work are closed today. Heaven help me!
#hash #tagging #every #word,
I MEAN ITS YOU DADDY !! DADA IS ALFRED YOUKNOW THAT!!
honey badger
Yes. I need iA Writer for the iPhone to help write my second book. (Wrote 1st one in Writer for iPad, Mac)
I received sum bad news nd now more bad luck wit more bad news..thanks everyone for keepin my son nd I n ur prayers
It's going to be one of those Fridays....
Without wonder and insight, acting is just a business. With it, it becomes creation
#NeverTrustSomeone who says "Oh i'll come back for you".
yes he is like omg<U+2665>
And the #Wranglers extend their lead to 2-0 w/ a PPG by w/ 5:30 left in the 2nd period.
Herman Cain is speaking the language of white people and the Koch brothers, and his fans are loving it!
I LOVE your shoes! I so want them!
You think you know a Muhhfucka...then BOOM!!! just like dat. . . . .
Nice! (and happy birthday)
And here's another story showing what MOST adjuncts do >>The Bidens’ tax returns stir adjunct discussion: ://bit.ly/J7Gw16
my scalp feels amazing from an impromptu concoction of spray leave-in i made 4 my hair: water, coconut oil, tea tree oil and conditioner
- Really a neat photo slider you have put together, I'm looking forward to diving into your code and getting acquainted.
The most important thing she'd learned over the years was that there was no way to be a perfect mother and a million ways to be
pfft, she wouldn't do that. She loves me too much <3
If co-workers brag about picking an upset in the NCAA tourney, ask them if they can name one player on the team.
P-town bound.
thanks babe you too ! Xoxo
type in the shortest search term 4 a site, and aim to do better than the top 5. If I can design it better, I know my code will be better.
Pretty fowl? If bird poops on your head it's good luck. If same goes for chickens, it's my lucky day! Now back to Capitol with clean hair!!!
I mean, it was partly my fault for gratuitous shot at TX public schools, but still. Must learn that TX cannot be criticized.
Dear , your website is down, nobody answers your phone, and your voicemail box is full. Busy day? Withdraw your support of
You want $1,000 per year for API access to my own content? You are out of your fucking mind.
God gives us the abillity to do something, we just have to physicaly make it happen.
hey luvie we don't talk a lot of time more 3 hour I can talk with u on Skype u want too ?
Teens need more perspectives, which is why my book's dedication is: To the youth whose story has yet to be told.
Appropriate response to neoliberal academic subject (Rosalind Gill) is unionised academic subject.
This dreary weather is wearing on me!!
I luv Bo Ryan. Nobody can tell players what to dothen get them to do it like he can. No question of talent tween MU and UW. But Bo Knows.
still on detox...THANKS for the delicious tease. #damnyoudetox and
#ChildPlease, go ahead and give your testimony....
Thank you! :) RT : #FF fantastic campus resources
I'm righhhttt here!
I just got paid today, but contrary to popular (zztop) belief, I do NOT have a pocket full of change.
it is a long story but i have scratches on me where my sister hit m and crap but i cant hit her back but the cop is coming
How yo tweets and status updates protected, but your vagina public? DA FUQ
What does 6 innings of shutout ball and 8 K's get you? A loss if you're Jared Weaver of the #Angels. There's a serious funk going on!
HEY I JUST MET YOU AND THIS IS CRAZZYYY, but here's my # call me maybe<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
the protest movement wanted change... but you chased out the skeptics and turned it into a democratic party canvass.
the Hawaii Food and Wine festival works for me!
seriously on every radio station!
Today's action item: vanquish this monstrous "to-do" list. So far it's been a productive morning.
Thanks for the #FF love!
My main thing is that I want to start learning when I'm out of the working world and doing what I do, not to appease illegals.
HELP TREND #AustinIsOurWorld HELP <U+2665> :D
Back from Pigeon Forge. Hated to leave. Had a good time with my honey in our pretty, pine cabin. Wish we could have stayed another day.
Don't tell anyone this secret... I have never been to a BLAZER'S game... I have never been to a NBA game. My birthday 26th
Felicidades --named acting director, media and technology institute!
Hey there
What kind of phone do you have? (:
Congrats on celebrating 126 years!
OMFG IM SO EXCITED. my parents are getting me a car yes omg!
Thanks for the mention.
Lol yeaah , do you know where the soap is ? ;p and yes (:
The Web and its DNS(es) have conspired against me today, and they're not playing nice. Servers, I'm looking at you.
GENERIC JESUS/TEBOW TWEET
Just home at this point.
I like them short shorts
Personal trainer $45 a session or $400 for 10 sessions. Look your best this summer! Open 7 days a week.
Processing my work notes on a daily basis would make my life so much easier (only 3 more inches of paper on my desk to go through...).
Happy birthday!!!!!
Thank you for your patience while we get this up and running.
met the boys, i didnt cause i was at my seat already when they arrived:/ but yeah was amazingg
#9: I'm probably the laziest person you will ever meet.
are you at Abercrombie ?
¡De nada! Thanks for sharing interestingness around!
This summer Cincinnati's Crime rate is gonna turn the fuck up.
Baby, I'm lovesick.
": meet n greet today! Were you happy with it?
That's a disgusting thing to say to anyone. Now you look like an idiot. Way to go.
oh I do, I do lol
Thanks for the follow
There is a uhaul place across the street. Irony?
dont forget about me when you go
Why is rihanna in battleship? Her forehead is already big enough without them putting it on the bigscreen Sheesh
completed her food and exercise diary for 04/29/2012 and was under her calorie goal
The cancellation of GCB on ABC reinforces my belief that TV should stop trying to make Kristen Chenoweth into a thing. Let her do Broadway!
All i ever wants was to act on my attraction, i never meant to hurt you thats just my natural reaction
Do you think the Libertarian Party's history may deter a lot of Paul supporters from supporting your campaign?
": What y'all on" --> Straight Chi Town! I'm chillin Jo...
For any #mac users or #editors, #FinalCutX is officially released. great product great price
Nice to finally meet you! Can't wait for our waffle date.
it made for a lovely Monday!
Thanks love!!
NO NO
I predict that is going to take that #dancing with stars trophy! :D
I'm ready to move back to Chicago and settle down finally.
DAMN I MISS 708!!!!
Two hours of #MBMBaM today. Huzzah! Happy 2 years/100 episodes, brothers McElroy!
RT -- remains at #1 on Curt's Café for the 17th straight day -- Congrats Elli! #jazz #singer #popular : )
Next screening at USC is "Sin City"! Stay tuned for details on time & place.
lol! I just bashed some!
yuh! I was gonna hit the gym up but I'm waiting for these rants lmao
look who actually spelled it right (:
My only complaint is that I can't see yours. Avant garde avatar my rhinestone headbanded friend!
I just looked back to see if tommy was asleep. He is usually out cold by now.
I was really scared to goto Rays Indoor MTB park, but Ian dragged me there last night and I had the time of my life! I Highly reccommend it!
Hide n' Seek Champions: 1. Waldo 2. Osama Bin Laden 3. Phone when on Silent.
#ThingIHearEveryday Janet, do the dishes. Like fo real mom its your son's turn!
Do you have the iRadioNOW app?
thank you for supporting Big #Louisiana #BatonRouge love
People Wanted Me To So Ima Change My Twitter Name To
My second thought. I'm going to wait until after next weekend at the Vype Tourny. Every1 is not featured in that game.
There's not a day that goes by when Liz doesn't inspire me...
yay! booked our wedding photographer tonight! looking forward to working with !!
Thanks for the follow..following you too!
Remember Everyone Makes Mistakes. Learn From Them
I do not know why, I can not girl I can tell who they would rather I see it lying him her eyes I want one I can trust the
Curious: what the "...to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute..." is for?
Uhh, trick question? Who wouldn't want a funfetti cake?!
Well we have an intellectual (very) lightweight running this country.
Shouldn't be drinking coffee before an overnight flight... But as of now moodiness and words of b***h I don't care is very fitting.
RT : Sveum declines to talk about Wood retirement until after Wood talks. "I will use him according to the game today."
Welcome to my house party
Great Q&A session with 's and 's on balancing family and science careers.
Love....u need to make some feeble attempt at rest.
And i thought I was done with the presentations for the year -.-
just dont get mad or react , itll soon b over
Shit happens move on..
I'm absolutely ELATED right now! Eff these rainy skies!
Sitting in my bedroom floor, watching tv and then I realized how much I love my girls, & !! That is all.
Had trial this morning at DC Superior Court
i was kidding Dx i solly and u r young but i younger(;
SOX: Dustin Pedroia goes opposite field for two-run double, giving the #RedSox a 4-1 lead with nobody out in B2.
Human encounters with #grizzlies rare; with #wolves even rarer--yet wolves are villified. Why? They compete w/human ranchers, hunters.
Mrnin twitter up for this mrnin wrkout the off to wrk remember give.God the glory he is in control the battle ia his not urs be blessed
is bad
get used to it okay
Awesome! It's already in my Instapaper queue.
I hope the dolphins beat tom brady up!
Oreos oreos oreos BELLA jk my dogs oreo and bella :)
tish!!!! Yo, while I got you, I'm at the car dealership. Can you DM me your address? I need references!!!! Lol
don't hate me cause you ain't me
Cute. I have to record the QVC show on 4/4. Damn! I really wanted to watch live.
Vomiting is not a good time
; there you go, talkin bout u miss me so, that u love me so, why I let ya go, there u go cause your lies got old, look at you, there you go.
To the unfortunate person who gets stuck sitting next to me at tonight's Noel Gallagher show: I'm sorry ... for everything.
i gotta pee. and yes. I spelled that right.
SEEING is BELIEVING - does the world know you exist? We want to get you SEEN. Call us! 410.513.9199
The best thing about university?...Cereal dinners.
ringalinaling!! Hello? HI Elizabeth! Thanks for following! ttyl!!
How can I love someone so fucking much? Damn. <U+E32D>
...which means I have lots to do offline
Polls have closed... not resu
cakin it at cake....
Brilliant! I wished I'd known about muuter for the entire football season (or at least yesterday).
Finish that paper for Doucet so proud of my self!!!!!!!!!! :-D
That, my friend, is a good idea.
yet another reason to avoid tempeh
iPads. Not just for Dads anymore!
I couldn't resist (:
I love ! The other one... Not so much
#OOMF sed they would live in a homeless shelter and be poor working jus to buy me a lambo .
where you gonna live ?!
I of course love and use but dabble in & too!
Keep calm and pinch Louis' cheeks.
Jeremy, you are indeed a Blues Traveler.
Next tweet will be the teaser from "God is an Atheist and He/She/It Wants us to be one Too", by Robert Larkin - part of #dareproject 20!
Live each day as if it were your last. One day you'll be right.
Tonight, John Cooper & the Sundance Festival Programmers gave us the rundown on the films that will be showing at the festival. Awesome!
hahahahhahaha your sandy sheets?!?
There's some serious butthole talk going on at DBB Dayton Chapter. Where's when we need him?
French bread pizza and SportsCenter. This is how I start my morning.
Who's excited for BOOK OF MORMON on tour? Say "Hello!" to your Elder Price: Tony nominee !
thanks for the RT!
Gettin the girls ready for school! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Brohyde Photo shoot Saturday 1pm doin it like we do!!!
Great move by the Falcons tonight adding Jason Snelling back to the team. He is a hard hat kind of player. Awesome job Falcons front office!
RT : God has been good to me rt
it's all about stalking the right people.
In The Studio
*sigh* The USA economy is doing better per
May tomorrow! That's my month doe <333
Clone of "Decent" Performance Not Good Enough Against Miami
I can see the end of me; my whole expanse I can now see. I formulate infinity, and store it deep inside of me.
we should play some! I'm doing the same heh
THANKYOU! I love and miss both of you girls! <33
As you can see the #YLDCEvapalooza is the place to be this new years! Don't miss out: , DJ, silly cover band, food, friends...
olive garden (:
Stuck at this number
Damn Rudy Gay
I love my twitter Saints fans! My timeline is filled with #WHODAT, #SAINTS, and take that bitch ass #Giants, aaahahahaha! BOW!
Jennings need to stop early shooting. Let the offense drive and kick. It's worked the past 18+ games.
RT : FIU Professor Eduardo Gamarra at #FIUAVCC: This new generation of entrepreneurs is a transnational generation.
Conservatory students: we've now designated the MNL Ground Floor areas as priority use for those using the Music/Media Collections.
Hi boyfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>I love you to the <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>and back !
Mine. Too. I somehow doubt my jammies are *the* prom look I'd go for.
Hahah *scrolls* oh..uh..ack!! *runs away* : I know! I'm so overwhelmed and feel so anxious after 2 mins, I shut down.
It's annoying when the person walking or running next to you is gossiping about a gym staff member
Sorry for the delay, it has more cheese in the bun with a bit more ooze,and the addition of the shot of mac and cheese .
Sonny is currently working on a dubstep song about how much she hates dubstep. Thoughts?
can u install service 4 me or remove my addy from ur availability list? Rented a house for yr b/c u all said I could get cable
I heard they're changing it to "All That She Wants is Another Baby (and a Loose Vagina)"
he was outspoken before, but same pt. He doesn't want others to make money off his investments by putten them at risk
God is enough for me.
Neutral service car please!
I'm starting to get into #Google+ a bit. Looking forward to their business offerings.Any tips for making #G+ useful?
having a great time in Cocoa Beach. got some great pictures, soon to upload
Doing things you don't notice your doing <
WH Counsel Ruemmler:12 of 14 judges in bipartisan deal should have been confirmed in 2011.
Nice site. Who's marketing it for you? I did a site health scan. Let me know if you'd like to see the link.
It *is* fun ;^) I'm on a 1-pigment-every-morning routine (right after the Dutch lesson); you should see the straining cloths..
I saw a bracelet in hot topic that said stay positive And automatically thought of :D
Going into class! This is gonna be a GOOD one! <3<3<3
Ladies do not forget to put in your bra before you leave the house
Y'all could bring me some too? Kthanks. :)
Trying to think of college theme parties 5 years after graduating is harder than I thought.. What were your favorites?
Watching kick some A at Amoeba on Sunset.
I'm done college.
Switching up the workout. Back to Barry's Bootcamp 2 days a week then mixing it up with boxing @ the Wild Card gym the other 3.
Can't deal, summer is too close for issues.
RT If U r listening to rap music right now Lol:)
Love is the energy of life.
are we about to be a landlord?????
I got a hair cut and now I can't just put my hand behind my back on the top of my jeans and touch my hair. I have to reach for it now...WAH.
It's Miami Music Week: 20th - 25th March! Where are you partying?! MIAMI 2012
Off to the Landmark to see SOUND OF MY VOICE and BERNIE.
Saw a pink jet plane fly through the sky. Does Mary kay now offer a jet incentive?
I hope the Giants do this tonight. RT : All Mets starters will be using Beastie Boys songs as their walk-up music tonight.
Can't buy love can't hide hate
Enjoying the scenery as I travel through the Swiss Alps on my way to Chamonix
Watching reruns from an old failed 80s sitcom
PLACE YOUR HAND IN MINE ILL LEAVE WHEN I WANNA
I truly have no idea what it's like to have problems sleeping. I am out immediately upon hitting the pillow and it has been at times
oh ok thanks! Is it easy to find?
"What the fuck is a pay phone" - Everybody under 25 watching #TheVoice right now.
the Illinois Department of Human Services is requiring us to submit 3 electronic copies of our proposal. Think about that for a minute.
he will!! Keep trying!! :)
was there anything that was cool or that you liked about it?
Me "Aladdin was a project man but he changed & they lived happily ever after" "umm yea but u forget there was a genie involved" lol
4/22 and 4/23 11a-6p at 311 S.W. Water St. Peoria, IL. Looking for security, hospitality, maintenance, crew and book keeping!
shoot i drank alotttt
I am a firm believer that if you are over the age of 30 you should not publicly wear tshirts with Hollister written across the front.
Trying a hack: I've stuffed JSON for shapes & centroids into the interaction layer. Let's see how much weight that adds.
- yo!! How can we get on? We are looking for any open slots @ SXSW if you can help hit us back ASAP! Thx.. Cheers!
Great book blogs to follow on this
- consistently providing amazing images of sport. Always enjoy the stuff that you post, keep up the great work...
Dude ass in this doctor's office staring hard as shit!
Coming up at 5:00 & 6:00, home video taken just after a mobile home explosion in Clackamas you'll see ONLY ON 12.
neva mind. apparently she got it back ? ;o
RT : Who's excited about Sonny Rollins? Me!!
that wasn't so bad. cool.
I can't take it if people are mad at me. I'm too sensitive /:
We would love to help you celebrate! Did you decide on a day yet?
i am so wishing i was there! i'd even take a small crash to be there :) jonesing over the posts i'm reading
I felt like I needed to do warm ups today in order to jump in and get all of my stuff for today done
take a pic please!! Do it for the fans! xx
Does anyone have guidelines on installing Android onto HP webOS tablets?
New major dislikes from the road: hotel parking attendants, parking lots with no attendants and parking time that ends at 7am.
I'll stock up on Cheese whiz then. Looking forward to your arrival. as are my all growed up kids. :) Are you free now?
.... That actually sounds kind of good.
#ABDC7 Makes my Wednesday nights!
updating the website again....don't forget to download your free version of the app!
I could take YOUR bitch!")
Buckminster Fuller "dymaxion" principle The Shrinking of technology #uafsmediacomm Did you get the theorist's name?
Austin: you got me, you got me mom. Mom: don't you just love me? They're like best friends, I love their relationship.
: a cold, day-old version of your veggie lasagna is good enuf to deserve its own entry in ur next cookbook. #Mangia!
this just confirms the need for a real life wine party, like, soon.
Download for great free shit all over town!
I love watching OKC bring a total white out to the arena. Those are real fans.
We have a new server ready - vpn-mf17 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, Florida. It's available in your customer area now.
You are most open when you first catch the ball.
Participating as a mentor in the #SDSU Business development and experience program. Great to see so Manu community leaders viounteering!
Dumb niggas need to mind their own business -.-
Just saw Captain EO where Michael Jackson meets Star Wars meets Francis Ford Coppola's directing ha this show IS the best of the 80s
RT : Q5. Favorite landmark/site/location to photograph? Show us a pic!
#12 is the Weird Al of this B. RT : Surgical.
almost tempted to let the dog go to the bathroom inside just so he doesn't come back in covered in pollen. ALMOST.
oh I so missed the VMA's I wanted to see it just to see what gaga was gonna do or wear. She's so crazy lol
It was good! Parking was like heaven...
There's an even better way: 11.5 pH water that strips off the wax coating that's on most produce (and boosts antioxidants).
THAT IS INSPIRING
Thanks for the post about our exhibition & behind-the-scenes tours! We hope to see you at Reynolda House soon!
When someone loves you, the way they say your name is different. You know that your name is safe in their mouth.<3
I HATE A SORRY ASS FEMALE....
FYI: city hall closed today and non-emergency city services are suspended due to Good Friday
Being Single Is Cool...Lol
You bet bro. DVR.
can I be louis' gf
It's a reggae day.
The new girl on SNL is quite fetching.
Designing a Beer Cocktail Program and Collaborating with the Hoosier Beer Geeks!!!! Stoked!!!!
Talk in the shop "would u do a guy in the but for 3million dollars " <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
RT : I haven't been to my corner in a while. Nice to see you're still enjoying it.
It's friday and we're making risotto. Nice way to start the weekend.
Like If: You Go To UTSA!
Hey stranger! I loved that scent, but after a recent flight with an attendant reeking of it, I'm not so down with Lovespell.
hello there Tereza! (: did you get some food??
Thanks, I try :)
The greenhouse at our Riverwest location will be open this weekend! Time to get your garden started.
just woke up from a 4 hour nap....wait whaaT?
Ouch RT : Cool on her... she got that retweeted pussy
Mentally has to be, "kill or be killed" in this game ill take all the #TheUsociety to battle with me!
I hear ya.
Problem now is we have too many channels of communication.
wrong. Wards penalty is absolutely the reason they lost
Best idea to come out of Cville Yale Feb Club for Old People: let's convert abandoned Corner restaurant into a strip club.
I think it's a safe assumption! I will put it into my outline to talk more about it then. It's time to change things up!
I'm not liking it very much. Things really need to slow down.
Manny Para needs to get shoved in the dugout. Now.
So so sorry. I left my marketing stuff on floor of my room, no problem... The universe will smile on you to make up for this...
Any pool players out there? I have friend with patented device that helps with bank shots. You cannot miss...
I second that.
my trainer doing it for free and I start Tomrw
RT : We're winning, very slowly - Farmer's markets up 17% this year, according to USDA.
$1.2 mill! Does my heart good to know I helped quintuple the spending of the local Republican hate machine.
We want to thank you all for the support of and all that we are doing with the app.
Have you checked your reminder sticker? Past due? Give 20 minutes to take care of your vehicle's oil change.
jeez! my friend tyler is in a pissy mood he sayed hes got reasons for not getting on cam wat did i ever do to him!!??
Gary Clark, Jr. for excellent guitar.
RT : #CJD occurs worldwide at a rate of about 1 case per million population per year #prion testing in #USA would increase that #
Getting ready to head to Cali tomorrow!
Never underestimate solidarity.
Don't like having Brad Bergeson on the major league roster. But hard to send down a player who gets paid in bits of tin foil and sea shells.
Interesting. BC's UA deal was undisclosed. Presume main drivers are retail sales/year and aggregate tv appearance audience.
Falling asleep in my work clothes..
Cool! I'm looking forward to it!
Yes! Excited for wedding situations and fun!
I reeeeaaaaalllllyyyyy need a new twit con
REALLY wish William Shatner's one man show was coming closer than North Carolina. Throw Tampa Bay a bone, Bill! May I call you Bill? No? oh.
Due to a conflict in scheduling, our Novel into a Film program has been bumped back a week. NEW DATE - March 28th - 6:30 PM
How's the neck? Looking forward to seeing you back next year...hopefully.
All is well thank you. And you? Weekend plans are with family :)
thanks for inviting me
Packers are owning this draft so far.
Becky Hammon makes her first 5 shots and leads Silver Stars with 18 points.
thumbs down. Three cheers for Rose.
same here , a real shame that stopped it all of a sudden!
43-43 at halftime. Let's go Heat!!!
Great stretch DWade. Stop and complain about a no call and give up a fastbreak, then lay someone out for the flagrant. Veteran plays.
Waiting for the bus to come and im already late to class:/
Hey You Check Out Ebony Day On YouTube She Is Amazing!!!(:
Are you going to share? Or do we have to come to the meeting.
I WANNA TWEET SOMETHING VIRAL WORTHY.
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
I wanna delete myself from this world, it would make so many people so much happier.
Cole Hamels should tell the commissioner he was joking the first time. I bet they'd reverse the decision. It'd be his word against his word.
thanks I brought you back extra matzah
Is that in this Kindle Fire commercial?
Photovotingcontest.com is now on Twitter. Come follow us.
“ IF you bite my lip or neck. You better start taking off your fucking clothes lol”
Daily GTKY question: What do you like or do that no one in your house would do?
my comment was in reference to a different tweet.. % who say relationship began as friendship..
ah kaleigh wub you more see your pwetty face soon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
#randomthought who do you think they hire to yell "GET IN THE HOLE!" at every pro golf tournament? Lol
we're great! Transitioned Ava to her crib this wknd. I survived. :) No big plans just getting carpets clean Saturday afternoon.
why can't cartoons be in real life/
Loving #paleo oatmeal.Blend nuts-almonds and pecans+ add your favorite fruit and coconut milk.Heat in microwave.
hope you gets better!
our sport is so in the air now bc we don't have people who not only train fighters but also train and create decent respectable citizens
Weight loss can cure sleep apnea.
"Bad men are elected by good women who stay away from the polls on Election Day." 1st Lady Lou Hoover
I just feel that i wana make the next my best!
that was like a rude
thanks, With #hashtag chops like that, you could be a social media intern!
Hey thx for the RT! I was surprised at the FB page likes too. Here I thought Lady Gaga was taking over, but it's Zynga!
had a blast last night! Thank you and T Rok! See u on the 25th!!!
Well damn this sucks.
LOL. "Hes lucky i didnt throw this f*cking remote at him"
WHY SO SERIOUS ?
I have been trying so hard to reduce my diet soda habit
please tweet me anything will be nice :)5
Aw, surely Cherry Garcia would count.
Oh I love that! Once I get a few errands done I am going to head over that way.
Sleep time :)
RT : What's the premier ratio for a gin and tonic? (I simply introduce them by clinking bottles. Then, Tanq 10 and olives/glass)
Got a new LS 450, ain't no keys in this do-hicky.
RT : First trip of the day to the new in Petworth. Such a time saver from Home Depot.
i broke out in hives on the way to my first show ever back in '09. this next ill probably get pregnant outside the venue
Screw Tim Tebow.
Starting to get my voice back from the Seahawks game, it was truly amazing!
Had to explain to a girl why she has AIDS last night. She was not amused. Cc:
Hoping if i even get picked for the G+ hangout that my camera/mic work..:o
I'm glad you're into us! What were you thinking about? We'd love to do a piece or something :)
The Woman who walks alone is likely to find herself in places no one has ever been before.
Omg I cant stop coughing :(
A fight to the death between a ful grown African Lion and an American Grizzly bear...Who wins?
Missed you!
I just teared up looking at a handful of ANIMATED GIFS from the first couple minutes of Up. Saddest opening sequence of all time?
Yes ma'am. Its hella weird being back now ante it? Everyone doing the same shit and it kinda makes you question some things.
You guys! I just ran 6 miles w/ an under 9 min pace. AND it included one hill repeat up the evil Lincoln Memorial Hill. It's a Becky record!
yay & follows me all i need is
Anyone following you and telling what you can and can't tweet?
Makeup and high heels are a plus, but a great smile and personality should be a must.
What an amazing thing to do. :) Thanks so much for that perspective.
hahahahha don't worry :))
Bob, when can we learn your tech predictions for 2011?
Dam, not Metatron! He was beastin Nagas this year.
OMFG IM GOING TO GET CHICKEN STRIPS NOW
Enjoy Your Weekend everyone!!!
Lunch on the mall :) who knew it was this close to work?!
Time dont stop..people do...
Ever get that feeling that someone is staring at u?! Yeah... That's what's happening right this minute!!!
so my best guy friend asks me Q: Do u like me? A: ya in a friend way Him: no like in a bf way?? me:well...no...im lieing i totally like u
Adam Lambert should definitely come out with a makeup line and sell it in Hot Topic
going to the ship huh? have fun at the ship dog
Listen, are you breathing just a little and calling it a life?
Sweet Jesus $1,100.00 to fix my truck....
and I have a surprise for you , that you'll appreciate!
Free Noble Fir Christmas Trees at 4324 Clairemont Mesa Blvd (donations for youth program encouraged) Please RT!
Wait what's happening down there in July?
Blazers lose to worst team at home while allowing 124 pts? Blow this team up, PA. Terrible.
talking about giving birth on a plane in global. intersesting.
Local car dealers are celebrating. Feb. sales are up for many. Pend up demand and more 6:30pm
I just pooped my brains out-- now its hollow in there? echo echo echo...
Motorsports: Turn 4: NASCAR's burning questions Should the Sprint Cup Series return to The Rock? Which driver needed a week off most? Ou
Sitting in the sun. Waiting for the warmth.
is that a boxer?!? I'm going to see my mom's 8 boxer puppies today!
you should play turn to you((: cause you love meh.
Hi Carol! Thanks much for the RT. Missed you at Ballard. One day...
can i come watchhhhlikeeeeee
awhhhhhh! Get a room.
But you are actually hurting yourself, because nobody knows how you truly feel, just because you don't wanna shed a tear.
I met you last night in my dream! You sang at a Yankee game. Coolest dream ever! Better than when I shopped with Hilary Duff!!
As a STH I'm happy with the product I receive for my money. As a consumer of merchandise, it's embarrassing.
#UCLAParentsWeekend welcome concludes with rendition of "Sons of Westwood" by Bruin Harmony and Random Voices. Nicely done.
i got in a really bad bike accident going down a hill so i cant :/ sorry . if it dsont involve a camra i might
The Tempest composer Shaun Davey wins Outstanding Music for a Play!
grilled cheese and tomato soup was a huge win today..
Teaching to use emoji free and she is LOVING ICONS!!!
www.mwishartpi.com or www.mwishartinvestigations.com Cheaters get caught not just by their spouse also by their family members Mom hires PI.
Great session today! Good seeing you all.
GRRRR RT : Angry discovers Comcast dropped Soap Network. Hell shall be unleashed.
I gotta ask, was he sober?
Ah sleep :)
whoa you have a lot of followers. Why'd you follow me? O.o
You're my hero.
There is a greater statistical probability that DeJesus will kill monkeys that are different from her than other monkeys.
Just finished our first corporation account. Bringing & teaching the "WAVE" of fun, dance and teamwork together for a Flash mob
Come to think of it, I don't actually know what happened in 1012. Im a bad Euro historian. Either that or it was a boring yr
Unbelievable tennis match! Though I favor the winner will deserve the victory.
I hope I get your dumbass bonded out tomorrow so I can punch you in the fucking face.
I have a 100% chance of dying that's a fact but my percentage of living depends me.
“: #backchannel You know I do that in special situations when people need to listen and be inspired!!!” ok!
The annual police memorial is today. What better way to celebrate your citizenship then 1000 men in uniform?
And our guides to #LincolnPark have arrived!
Stevie is my nigga....he's musical and spiritual IQ is through the roof
Aww boo it will work out!! So planning a trip with you included :) either come straight to ny or AC?!
RT You have insecurities/ trust-issues/doubts? ...yeah,
He's had his fair share of baserunning mishaps. The time he got picked off against Philly comes to mind.
:( it worked
ha lol, it sure does look very real but that whole game is like that like the prego women go to the dr and get US in the game
How have I turned into the social coordinator of MLANET? Not complaining. :)
thanks for solving my dilema
Killer idea: Contact lenses that become opaque and neon green when they aren't in your eye. Ya know, when they're on the floor.
that has to be so frustrating. I've given up on the bus. I drive him now.
Just an FYI, Lenovo released System Update 4.03 on March 29th...
That His Repulsiveness, Newt, could worm his way into the public consciousness illustrates the abject failure of politics and media here.
Ever feel like you spent the entire day sticking your foot in your mouth? :/
The worst part of the train2airport ride isn't her off-key singing but rather the images of Simon Cowell in an awful white v-neck t-shirt.
Good morning world :-)
Stay tuned. Announcing soon...
creepy but not at all surprising. HUH is decidedly shady.
L.A. or Denver? Please... Listen UP, TWiTTERVERSE! Us LAkeshow LA residents smoke Nuggets for breakfast!! Cause we MAGiC #32 FastBreak!
finally! i see the retweet! lol
I was literally awake for 48 hours. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080> I wish I was kidding
"Our" stomache = big laughs!
a #sales career is stressful; maintaining your physical and mental health is a MUST for your long-term
RT : Study study study!- study dem books girl
Paid Search - What's Your Small-Budget Strategy? underway upstairs!
I know its afternoon, but I think Thursday is the most productive day!
I love you WebMD you just saved 's life
RT : RT : "Inspiring others towards happiness brings you happiness." yogi tea #quote of the day
Sitting in our home office banging my head into my pharmacology book.
people these days... not the best day in the world to get on my bad side. hahaha not even kidding.
some songs are just made to be put on repeat and never end. I wish real life moments could be put on repeat and never end too.
Thought I found a mole on my foot. No worries guys it was just chocolate!!!
RT : Working title for tonight's recap at the moment: "Who the F is Lavoy Allen??"
Very sad re Mike Wallace. Journalism at its finest.
now using to post the rss feed from my photo blog onto twitter. crazy!
Hahahaha! I SO busted you!!
"I ain't scared of the Fall"
there are others. Anonymous just seems to make no exceptions and takes no prisoners, imo. Maybe that's why it seems that way.
please follow she is you biggest fan!17
#f4f# follow for follow :) just ask please??
Sure thing! Just DM us your e-mail and we'll have someone contact you directly.
his new nickname is better than Granderson
You have got to be shitting me
you should ask callers if they know what year it is before they are allowed on air
Eating cereal...out of a tall glass...with a fork...with a 1% and skim mix because there wasn't enough of either, THANKS A LOT WALKER! #huh?
Happy Birthday Diane! You are one amazing lady. I am in love with your new book too! You inspired me to write one someday.
#Knicks live to fight another day, beat #Heat 89-87.
that is some serious flow....you boys know what's up! Keep it growin!
Good morning :-P
power to the sweety that is on the tweety
Finishing up at the old studio and getting ready for the new film studio
When I was in school in Missourah, we drove past a huge billboard often: "If you're looking for a sign from G-d, this is it"
How are you going to mentor this candidate?
mwah! miss your pretty face :)
that's some pretty crazy shit the other night. Happy B-day again dude lol
some things just aint meant to be....
Reds are terrible. Their offense can't score runs and their pitchers hang too many balls over the middle of the plate.
Every Cincinnati kitchen needs an indoor grill...because you never know when the weather will change.
twitter or facebook which one you like better
#Incollege you see stuff you couldn't even imagine
Life been good lately #NoComplaints <U+E057><U+E057><U+E057><U+E057>
Wow, over a 1000 people Thank You!!! Everyone.
proud of myself for getting up at 530am to work out! i was very productive this morning and feel great.
Which ancient civilization is most interesting to you?
For a minute there I was afraid of there being #santorum between a ron paul and romney in an Iowa three way
Dwight Howard grow up
" that's funny...cause Michael is the most gifted man I know!" I'm feeling the bromance
It's so enticing. Nothing else like it. Ima make you my b*tch!
Oh my. A is opening just one block from my office?
Okay, your facebook status was seriously THE best facebook status anyone could ever write.
The Office makes even geometry bearable:)
RT : my next show is at club Eleven in West Hollywood on Saturday Nov. 14th when midnight strikes! - LOVE IT!! Rock on!
Wondering what you will do this Saturday? Well, Kevin Hart will be at Love. To Get Free Entry Text LOVE TO 37404.
I guess you liked the blog post in - Jeff was really fun to interview!
Ah why won't she Pick up her phone?!?!?!?!?
i am sorry baby boo:(
im great
Loved meeting you too! Had such a great time, can't wait to hang out again! Xo
you should. I'm sure it'd be hilarious.
I didn't that #JET's shot had a chance of going in, good bucket
Lose 1 - 3 pounds a day SERIOUSLY www.lasvegashcg.com
It's trending that gas prices are dropping this summer. Some people reporting gas prices as low as $3.52 per gallon. GAS PRICE CHECK IN
Lenin is an interesting figure- ruthless, but smart. Perhaps one of the best politicians of 20th century- Machiavellian-esque.
Shouldn't you be watching the road?
hoping to go back to the hotel to relax. Hopefully my sister allows it haha
ctfu, and where you know this young man from??
Is it Friday? I swear, this week...
Can't stand anyone today. Woke up angry at the world.
CeeLo's cat scares me.
negative... ACL stuff mostly. But similar age and greatness level. Moral of story: NOBODY defies age.
Take Your Medication Roman, Take A Short Vacation Roman, You'll Be O.K.!!
": I ain't played madden since the NFL season ended. Been on 2k since February."
Vote for us in the Pepsi Refresh Challenge tomorrow! We want to give 300 kids free art, music, yoga and social skills classes this summer!
School Board fundraiser at 730. I am NOT and never been a morning person
one minute we were 13 we really are going on 30. scary. i take that back. my next movie gift to you is how to train a dragon
awesome! we'll follow as soon as were set up!
My name is Nia M Diaz nd. . . I LOVE FOOD !
Those Who don't know say ... & Those Who Know don't say .... See I know the InterNet is forever ----> So that Last tweet ...
Sushi with Deborah j. Carter this evening in Amstelveen! Yum! Fun!
To all our guests and partners - we wish everyone the Merriest Holiday Season!
Weyerhaeuser Lesson No. 2 (from the last decade): Identify your strengths and build on them.
If you search online you will find many online stores that are offering yogadvds or cds
#GymFlo done!! Time for some fun in the City!!
shake shake shake. missed moving with you #sxwi this year. let's make up for it at ALA or Monterey.
cool bro. Let me know how I can help in ANY way
It is time for art (:<
At aaaaaaaaallllllllllllllll *sings*
If you wasn't aware... Casart is a family-run (mother and two sisters) and female-owned business. Happy Mother's Day weekend to all! : )
Might see THAT girl next week...It'll be a good chance to see if my feelings have changed.
damn baby gurl
I have told all my friends to follow :))
"You harm the world by dimming your light."
girl. DM me your number. We need to chat. LOL!
that's all the agent's job. we have nothing to do with it
Its about to go down!! Tune into k104 or k104fm.com rock that vote 4 ya boy @ kikij104 or call up 787 1104
The carpet people just postponed themselves a day. No juice box for moi. :-(
Had one of the best weekends in a very long time, thanks to some amazing friends! Thank you all for coming out
You're welcome and we are very happy to have you following us too!
Best dream ever <3
Harold McGee is your man! On Food & Cooking is a book on basic food science & practical cooking techniques.
Just listened to a groovy soulful folk rock band called 'Brothers Moving' playing in
DailyHookahTip#112: To make homemade shisha with household supplied, mix tobacco with honey.
yes you are very gay
appreciate it sir
your sentence about brands wanting to become "friends" as obscene is spot on.
y'all i love to listen to yall in the morning
same here, im also looking forward to asking Alexandria
Nothing better than a great workout
“: sit down.” lmfao. Ah! You're perrrfecttt. ;') I love pauly d, but has no comparison. :') <333
Speaking of bossypants!
Every time I drive back to Fayetteville I love Arkansas more and more. Glad to be back NWA.
My only trending topic is the cash.
why ms.delapi. why must we read a book about politics from the renaissance why. and then have a test the next day.
not sure as Quincy isnt in my market. I'm sure it's great tho :)
happy easter !<3
yes he is!
No i didnt i say bluu waffle separate
How about hitting the Fuji today and taking a bottle of our famous salad dressing home with you?
CAREER CHANGING MEETING!!!!!!!
you're crazy!
Yooooo party with the ladies
Dear Shannon, All I want for Christmas is..for you to interview Tebow before Thurs.
the surprise is gonna be awesome!! #Excited #whoo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Hey don't you worry none, is safe warm and dry.
look forward to hearing you at the bronco qb club tonight!
Genesis Global Media provides funding for Kingdom minded films, Valerie Vance is head of film and tv projects. Contact me for details.
Mpls Police say they have leads and are looking for suspects in the over night murder of a cabbie on the north side.
My respect for you just grew. Throwing an "Oh Mercy" reference. It takes a true Dylan fan to know about "Oh Mercy".
Ain't no one at. Project x. Damn
u guys want to get together for the NFL draft tomorrow. Bills pick #10. Cud get food or drink or something.
Watched The Rum Diary better than I excepted.
Every day I'm hustlin...
Oh golly. Two against one.
Working 4am to 3pm for the next 3 weeks. Lord help me.
Want to know what would be AWESOME? If noticed or followed me. Seems how I'll PROBABLY not ever meet him in person. Oh well :/
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 39
I was looking for a sign... This is the one I needed! Thank you!!
dontchu have computers..?
right back at ya girl!
it was a beautiful day out there. Let's keep it going. Glare can be strong off of rocks so bring your sunscreen tomorrow.
this is definitely gonna be the livest summer ever! interning, traveling, and my girls!! i need nothing else!!
and featured in this Wednesday 9pm EDT "Cracking the Your Genetic Code"
I played a few of your songs for my mom and she said "they sound nice even though they're a little loud" success \m/
where the large parking lot is now. Grandpa started off as a delivery guy and married the bosses daughter.
Special Follow Friday thanks to
We are looking for photographers to interview this fall that use DARKROOM. If you would like the press, reach out!
Time to make some changes....otherwise, how will anything be different?
“The look of love was in her eyes … as she gazed longingly at the Ralph Lauren Handbag”. ~ Funny Facts Finder ~Hope you having great Sunday!
Tonight: NYC's only "Unsigned Artist Development Program". Get educated on today's music biz, perform, & network! Club Pyramid NYC, 9pm, $15
Applied to Google, signed up for Pinterest & finished presentation for "Social Media Marketing Designed for Youth Outreach" for tomorrow.
If you are going to respond defending conservatism, we can start talking about how it sucks.
Tomorrow is christmas.
Woke up feeling like a zombie. Blah..
hey Greer Have a great weekend
are you okay?
Rainy day #happylist : daylight after work, sleeping with the windows open & coffee.
The sad truth of a Kosher background.
Happy Mother's Day to you Betina! You and are raising some amazing little people!
we where the best partners lol!
Study: Hispanics With Diabetes Urged to Get Yearly Foot Care. Hispanics are 66% more likely than whites to have
wtf is taking my mother so long ..
It will probably be Kentucky.
RIP Earl Scruggs
Interesting to find you had misremembered a story. I'd forgotten Owen's reaction at the close of "Artist of the Beautiful."
*Virtual Hug* Love you Mere! <3
Connect with your favorite author on Redroom.com
Really enjoyed attending Creative Good: Breaking into the World of Nonprofit!
Goal! USA 0, Mexico 1. Mexico right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Guardado with a cross.
I have no idea why it took me a week in Australia before I got a sausage roll for brkfst, but do know that the problem was rectified at last
damn #gamecocks, did we pick up that o-lineman # 50 on way 2 game? he is awful& got blew up all night...cost us big..effin #uga tied now.FML
how does tweets?? Ive always asked myself hw he does dat
Happy New Year!!!!
In latest Wisconsin Baseball Coaches Association poll, Fennimore is ranked first and Mineral Point is sixth in Division 3 poll.
why does my game need to be so far away
Welcome India! Lots of librarians from India are joining HelpaLibrarian today.
'm dizzy, but at the same time strongly recommend you.
Animals = Barry Lyndon, and Wish You Were Here = The Shining.
Looking fwd to celebrating pals who are running on Saturday in #Louisville. 20 ppl who all want steak & red velvet.Get ready!
Working on the website. Gonna have a new front page with more info of whats going on in about 30 min. ill let you know when its done! :)
Early morning gym session. Who am I?
nice work lady!
“: <--- Truth. I'd actually say Obama probably has MORE Christian votes.”
retweets Another guest post about your latest project?
“ i'd be lying if i said i wasn't down for you .”
Good mornig tweets, lets get at this money today, I can smell it in the air, that so many of us will be getting paid today!!
that has happened to me before. but it was my ex number. lol
good to know! thank you both!
Good morning tweeps! Looks like it's shaping up to be another beautiful day in the ATL
Smart move. RT : Admitting her dream of permanent #museum won't come to pass, Debbie Reynolds selling her movie treasures
congrats and i hoe ur guys day is goin really well ;)
I hope folks understand that the Austin suicide bomber doesn't speak for all white male professionals. We're not all terrorists.
RT : I hope daddy didnt hear me rip one while I was scratching myself. That's what happens when you feed me junk food!
one for the pages
M1kenobi is on Xbox live playing Crackdown 2 Teamdeath Match
Heyy are you going out with a girl named Vincenza??? :D <33
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.
Can I get retweet or follow back from my favorite player of all time? Your a Piston for Life.
haha You've had a long day. You should be sleeping. Did you have fun? :)
One more night of work and I get a night off. Walking Dead on tonight. Looking forward to it.
Just hadd get that out..
RT : Dear Kim, Angry Birds Space is not a rocket guidance system.
Happy National Oatmeal Cookie Day!
yes ma'am sure did. Thank ya :)
#ff Great supporters of NYC, the Mets & lots of other things that matter:
"I'm gonna agree that it was a bad idea" Hahah I love
so where is the snow that barred cheerleading from competing today...?
not if it's done the right way
- my anniversary from going into remission - How awesome is that....thanks for sharing.
ENG IV: Took our quiz on Rose for Emily and Battle Royal today. We will move onto poetry on Monday! Retreatants we are thinking of you!
Welcome everyone. We'll be throwing out some topics for discussion. Please feel free to chime in and ask questions.
“: Cute redesign ! From green to blue - bold.” Thanks, Catherine! There are some new features, as well. Explore!
we're glad that you had a great time in Flora & Muse in CITYCENTRE last night! Thanks for spending your Saturday night with us!
Listening to kentucky basketball on the radio is really boring when we're up by 19
Vanessa Danek is an amazing poet! RT : I want to go home and write all my thoughts down #tedxYouth go vanessa!
He so slow like my grandmama !!! Old and not good!!!
It's hard falling for someone , you know you like him, but he doesn't know.
lmao thanks I am trying.
. Lookin forward to meet y'all.
Weird. Yes, I received it at 1:28pm...
Just paid $3.03 for 25 oz of water.
On my way to New Orleans!!! Let's Go Saints!!!
"It is better to look ahead & prepare than to look back & regret." Jackie Joyner-Kersee
new gear, new sounds, new show dates . . .
Ya'll should check out and help trend #DylanHolland (:
Called United on the 1k phone number. "your hold time will be 45 minutes". Bwahahaha!
it was pretty close to the middle when I looked earlier, today definitely isn't helping.
o sext me it later by:D
love the beat! U sent few changes and it's dope
because I ain't trying to go with a girl I don't think is cute and I just don't wanna spend money on a girl idk.
Hey #CardNation , #bigeastchampionship game on right now.
After talking about it we realized it would work better for us in ID Falls. 111 days until we pack the truck & 113 days until we arrive.
Yo just had great chat w/ And and us have to meet up. All of us, chef geoffs tues?
"People say there's something wrong with being a self-proclaimed expert," says "I don't think so at all."
Staying @ Topaz Hotel? Get up for a run w/ Marathon Mark every Wednesday @ 7am for an early morning view of
Cool - will be out in lobby soon. :-)
In my imagination John Boehner and Tanning Mom are a couple & they tan together but she leaves him because he's too emotional.
9<U+20E3> days of school left!
Avengers is still trending on Twitter. Fuck yeah.
"Neko Case's Floss For Men". #greatestconcertmerchever?
Excite - Games
Tonight seduction Saturday! I'm ready to party. Are you?
I feel like I'm not getting my point across the discussions & into to head sometimes !
oh oh it's a disco call
Stephen J. Gould talked about the notion of the "hot hand" in basketball at my Yale graduation. His verdict: no such thing.
Howard blows Squad Six a kiss and Big Baby waves, last time they got a response from the Magic Jason Richardson had 9 threes.
Today is the Spring Equinox, when the length of day and night are equal.
ReTweet from Tweetcaster : I don't like to think myself as 'Special' I like to think myself as limited edition
Huge thanks to our friends at Queen City Drums for providing drum backline at the festival. Thanks Tim!
Holler at good times!
Oh yeah, once he realized Siri would answer in Robot, it was game on. She didn't know Mario & Luigi though, big upset.
sum butt as home fires eggs n bacon didnt taste good either took like 3 bites lol
U could be anywhere in The world but your here with me
take a pic!
thank you!! <3
Soccer is a sport. Running is a means of transportation.
hey how are you doing today got to say you look sexy tami
Well I'd be lying if I said I could paint.
I watch pom...you misread that didn't you? LMAO
Morning coffee with a twist of hot chocolate and French vanilla.
Actually, Mickey Rourke is here too, which complicates whole situation.
This PA resident, when this presidential incumbent fails to take the state, will be sure to twoat you. That is a tweet gloat.
B'ldy Cow! Organic Breast Enhancement Products Research? Union Square
House hunters international is good!
Burnin' up burnin' up show em whatcha got, you got it baby let it show, my heart <3
You unfollow someone on twitter to please ya girlfriend but you still texting her phone explaining why you unfollowed her.
Somehow I've gotten to the point where I can sit down and just write a page in half an hour. Not the best, but adequate. I'll take it.
Hugs for Royals fans
Way to change your avatar to a picture of your FACE! Also, I just voted for you in that contest thing. Good luck!
wow awsome u r going to france so lucky u deserve it hope u have a good flight 1000000% BELIVER
Deals this week @ Comfort Inn Vancouver WA Try our 2 room Jacuzzi suite w flat screen TV's, pillow top beds. Book @ www.vancouverwahotel.com
Empty suit talking
Panhandling for ice coffee in the Conde Nast cafeteria.
Sushi and beer. I'm full and buzzed halfkahdksndk. I love my lady
Nobody needs nobody?
S.W.A.G Something We All Got ;D
RT : back in those days we called it the Nicolette Pose ;)
If it makes you feel better, our windows don't open either AND they're covered in film to make them shatter out not in.
Anyone have an Airport Runway print on a good looking wall? Post a pic and I will compile them on nomodesign.com
The two upcoming screenings of The Turin Horse are the only ones planned? I can't make it this weekend :(
3) The general actions of the Chinese govt are those of all govts (the will to control minds of their ppl, and to expand)
#BOSS LA FAMILIA#GREENLIGHT#CHICAGO LETS GET IT
sikeee, don't flatter yourself #ctfu .
laaaawl that is nothing, I have literally spent 8 hours doing AP homework before
Love Pizza - No figs, but have been to Toscano.
what did you call me!? Lol
for real lol.
We killin it on the morrow
she's not kidding
Congratulations u8 Cardiff Gold boys on your first win as a team today against Towson 2-1. Guess I'll be bald tomorrow.
finally finished consolidating my song list for my set, looking forward to practicing with tomorrow!
My sisters babysitter takes forever to open the fucking door!!! My patience is running so low today.
I keep waiting for the rain to come. But it's not cloudy, just getting dark.
i graduated from vegas high n u?
Ha! Yes, don't we all? I prefer NYC, LA, Austin, Seattle...but Chicago is nice in and of itself. ;) Sounds like you relocated?
Thank you for the follow! We did #followback!! :)
I just discovered it today and figured others might enjoy it too. Happy I was right :)
Show me a god time. <U+263A>
Making easter bread with grandma
"The reed is the sound"... Eddie "lockjaw " Davis
We can't wait to see pics of #BackstageArtistLounge tattoos at #Buzzfest28 this weekend!
How do I add a url to my tweet? does that count in the character count?
Man, I thought for a minute you were trashing the other Thor movie. I was about to reconsider our friendship.
Agreed. Kraken time!
Wake Wood (2011): An Irish Pet Semetary. Creepy, emotional tone, but little girl: not scary. Ending: murky. 2.89:5 (Hammer Films Returns!)
Whose cruel idea was it to put an "s" in "lisp"
great thank you you?:) and I'm ONE of them!:D please follow me!:)<3
Sometimes you have to take the bitter with the sweet, but know that after a while you'll forget the bitter and only remember the sweet...
Your grammar in that tweet makes me sad
hahaha I love how it tells yu
Will there be mixed-use buildings? For example, buildings with stores at the street level and apartments above?
Turner taken out for Lou was the ball game!!! What is Doug doing????
u having fun at thunderbird #ni11?
she doesnt have one but its joan she also said she dont have one :D
Fav stu quote- Rawr is the most recent word I learned so I can tell - "I luv youu!" Rawrrr!!!! It is also the most useful word I know! :D -
RT/f! Get your family an emergency set-up from FastPreparedness.com as suggested on ready.gov AND BE READY FOR ANY disaster, large or small!
turn the air off
thanks for the compliments Ben!
sure. just send me the details! :-)
Cleaning my home at this hour I'm so tired ah jamming to
A bunch of places, if you have any leads, I'd love to hear them. I'm going with Aldi, Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, etc. -JO
This is the summer of the grind!
i really need right now
Exercise workout gym biceps cardio Abs house mortgage rent cars money.... Lol
#YouTube turns 7 today!
First must read MURDER AT THE LANTERNE ROUGE, the new Aimee Leduc! Yay!
specifically in the nba. You don't hear as much from boras or his clients...megadeals come from nowhere w/ him
thanks for the follow. Happy to connect!
All the neat thigns that you are doing for your child concerning the iPad.
hey just wondering people at #ComicCon can PLEASE PLEASE get me a pin of #mokingjay THANKS
lmao there's always that and good luck to you too!
Apparently I made a :( when asked 2 go thru body scanner @ airport security, so the #TSA agent let me go thru the regular one.
Somebody call/text me!
Shoppin w/ my girl , aint got no $ to spend but somehow I keep spendin it!!
I'm really confused right now.
It's such a good episode. Such a good show. I'm almost on break to watch it too. :D
Tune in tonight 5PM EST live interview on Houston, TX w/Jeff Kelly
Sad I missed the keynote. Sounds like it was pretty amazing this year. What with the marshmallows.
my legs are sore from saturday. Come give me a massage?
Sauna in my sweater = definitely dressed too warmly today
I wish I could read in my sleep.
I'm feeling pretty this morning
BUT, mine is correct. Haha.
please follow me?
sigh. wait (and vote for him) i will.
Is it just me, or is almost any fruit juice better with ginger ale?
just making some stops with my sis. Christmas in April? ;)
Yay!!! When they invent smtg darker, I'll wear it.
Go Check Out Feat & - Yea Im Icy Music Video
I need a haircut!.... Now!
I know. Poor Beiber didn't see it coming.
I'm just gonna go shower.
Each hurdle is getting you closer to the finish line
the road says closed...but people still drive down there so they can turn around haha
All the same! "I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming." - Bach
I'm glad Justin bieber Baught his best friend a car for christmas
Damn why the hell are people calling me stuck up!
Good morning Twitter friends!
TONIGHT Hot Days in a Row, No Shit, Fix the Motherfucker $6. RT Hot days in a row like we have had create lots of power flowing.
I HATE HAVING TO GET OUTTA MY BED!!
Watched Terrorvision on Netflix streaming, It had Lovecraftian monsters, survivalists, lizard jerky, punks and swingers. I recommend it.
Does the sparrow app for ios have push notifications?
working on access app w/si.edu-are swipe gestures even possible with voiceover turned on? having lots of trouble...any advice?
Dont' forget to vote in the Hatch Detroit contest...and deadline is tomorrow! See
you and demi are one of my otp's ok
Twitter after dark is crazy
When moms try to act professional around my friends, but, mom, my friends don't care how you sound, as long as theres food, everythings ok
County wide power outages took out our office today, but not our data center. All of your websites are up and running just fine.
headed out to do a little shopping after I take my grandmother some Chicken Soup!
#newspaces4learning Do we celebrate failur? Not in ways that help us to grow., in my opinion.
you don't know who JB is!
Enjoy those 50s' today because it will FEEL GOOD! Thanks for watching us on the !
Superman by will NEVER get old.
Great night celebrating and ! Congrats on the engagement.
Sweet dreams everybody.
All do is talk shit
Thx4 taking enterprise strategy to the next level! Your Social Business #gamification tips are priceless! +10XP
Listening to the daft punk soundtrack for Tron while working on Social Media strategies. Very fitting.
Hey Sara hw have u been?
They were both phenomenal. Overly impressed with both of those guys
I might take
We've secured over 1400 vulnerabilities this month in #oklahomacity with our network security assessments. How secure is your network?
I am using rod vision, my pupils are expanding in Eric Orrs's must-see to believe Zero Mass at Museum if Contemp Art San Diego in La Jolla
We'r in Boston, doing plastic surgery. Soon you'll see some exciting facelifts on HowlRound and and maybe new glasses for staff.
sorry! there was a small hiccup in a few of our servers. it was quickly resolved. Hopefully your HW is still on track!
that makes more sense than what I thought. Are they worth buying a ticket to see?
If my roommates won't come downstairs and reset the modem when it's on the fritz they shouldn't stream video when I'm watching StarCraft.
0439. Time to experience the miracle of aviation once more.
Lately I've been thinking that I neither want (nor can I afford) another MA...but maybe I should get another certificate?
Masters winners select dinner menu 4 next years Champs. Reception dinner. Bubba food and top buttoned polo shirts mandatory.
No picture?! LOL!
No, not at all
I know I tell all my friends who #Pitt fans your season looking good, and reloaded OLine
Seeing someone new and the advice that keeps running thru my head is purely: enjoy it. Every second.
do people really use their computer screen for twitter?
When the soul lies down in that grass the world is too full to talk about.” <U+2015> Rumi
Final segment of the show coming up! 888-640-9385 to talk to Troy, or you'll have to wait until Thursday. Call him NOW.
Hello to you :)
I could not be happier to be in Pittsburgh right now with my grandparents and boyfriend :)
Good luck!
Congrats!RT : RT : I learned today I am a Grandpa! #lrnchat -->Cool
where is this chefs point?? I know of only one in wautaga tx on mid cities blvd near rufe snow.
Best sample ever: Inspector Gadget on The Show by Doug E. Fresh. That's it. End of story.
Penny, my pomeranian, is getting a haircut and then a long walk on this pretty day
RT : tension building... who will be best in show from the demo pit ??
Love the podcast! Esp the latest one, opening bit about jobs. How much is rehearsed and how much is just off the dome?
I miss you too!
RBP 5. The Sun will explode into a gas giant in 5 billion years. The Earth’s orbit will be within the Sun’s atmosphere. The End.
though I hear VooDoo doughnuts has a doughnut stacking contest. If I had a dickI'd win that. And eat doughnuts.
All four NBA games today and the lone NHL game are all 3-1.
OO I like it! Have you drafted yet? Where should Chris Johnson go dude? I have the 11th pick and I am nervous he may fall to me
Ashley is freaking out! Haha.
#NP Active Sight - Out of Our Lives (Original Mix)
It may be on my guilty pleasure list ! :L Yeerp! Its hilarious when 'good girl' Gabriella gets told off xD
Ok thanks,I thought it may be Chicago but the cop didnt have the accent
Awesome. We welcome you to #NC. Meanwhile, I've got to find a time to get to
“: As promised my man I'm at the parc listening young blood from the naked n famous ;)..."--> MY MAN, that's amazin ;)!
You gotta crawl before you walk, you must follow before your lead. Shit don't happen over night.
Hi Idan! I would love to have you as a guest on my radio show from Jerusalem!
Follow me on instagram ;) thanks
loved THE UNCOMMON READER as well so SMUT is now in the TBR list
haha, glad someone agrees
LOL “: Hey guys, I’m starting a cool new hashtag: #tweetmeyoursocialsecuritynumber”
Good morning Tweeps!!!! (:
Leaving today for #Pittsburgh to see the #Mets dominaye the
We've now made our way past Roxbury head bob and to the YMCA.
You guys I have an iPhone now. What can I say... I'm a trend setter. Don't hate.
S/O to LITO, enjoy the game pimpin hope your team kills it
heat transfer printing made easy with heat press & ink jet laser paper and transfer paper. Print St. Pat's Day t-s in time for tomorrow.
I'd love to know with which part you "respectfully" disagree. I'm always looking for ways to improve the econometrics.
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 22
Watching the #NFL honors. Not a fan of award shows and wasn't expecting one tonight.
Good Morning Everyone... Hello World
Need to make a trip to the 804
And the filming for shades of Purple continues :)
Boingo just nuked my Skype Zones wireless account. Now using tethered Blackberry and Verizon VZAccess for mobile laptop Internet. $15/month
Yes, but I should have picked artists instead of teams. I know not of basketball. Would be a fun activity for ARLIS/NA!
Le crickey bit my nose for talking about le muma.
Great read!
My endocrinologist's office takes my copay by scribbling in a carbon receipt booklet. Just plain silly.
“: Being followed by RULES! Everyone who calls themselves a fan of #countrymusic should follow her too!”
Thanks, Fran. I receive those words!! xx
Treating myself to a mani/pedi.
On Oct. 2, MTTS will host Kathy Thornton for "Space Flight: An Astronaut's Historical Perspective." Registration Coming!
You make me out to be a hero but I can't even save myself.
thanks man it's good to be back in Cali.
what time do you go on at Soundbar tomorrow in Chicago?
n1! RT : yes ! RT : A2: Listen to what clients say and dont say. Both are very telling.
Hey there! ;p
What's a king to a god, what's a god to a nonbeliever
haha he's a beast! He's our Vernon wells lol
Up Contemplating <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
u look so pretty! <3
So long as little children are allowed to suffer, there is no true love in this world.
It makes little sense for a 3rd or 4th level team (NPSL, PDL) to sign players on a national basis when talent exists locally.
want a free black on black #1MH shirt for working for us on 6/2? msg me with details if so (on the double)! xo.
Thanks for letting us know!
The Silk Tie likes SciFinal! Thanks for the RT :)
jinxed myself today by talking about how easily i've been getting to sleep lately. oops.
Do y'all know if we can bring in our 10x10 tent frame at spring bash? I normally use it for indoor shows.
thanks for the retweet!!! :)
so proud of cant believe You already spent 4 years at the best school in the world. Keep going, lifes wide open now!
is any body else feel like there being watched ???? :/
I don't have enough saliva rn to lick envelopes
That was a low blow...
thank u
just saw you in a Just Dance 3 commercial! :)
I wish I had some mint icecream right now
B/C drunk people always think they can drive.
but I never knew that lol im surprised Fey joined the Circle since she wants all that power I like her shes bad ass
"Oh,You kiss 50 Cent with that mouth?" Puppet Dog.
Crazy storm in Kansas City. <U+2614><U+26A1><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0080><U+2601>
- Thanks your awesome choreography is a huge part of the success!
I wanna meet so bad, I think she's an absolute doll!
dm me it
Our first snow shower of the night is over the west side now. Live pics coming up on at 11.
What I'm saying is that it's disingenuous to say that because someone's on a tight timeline, then Lincoln's the priority.
i love my best friend!! :)
Right on. It's getting to be in the 100's, so be prepared!
May the good Lord shower you with many blessings on your special day.
seriousley is this real cuz im ready to cry!!!:D
how could I u represent my favorite pens of all times..plus u ramped up this Philly thing w/ ur hit on lindros
Age has extremely little to do with anything that matters. The difference between one age and other is, as a rule, enormously exaggerated.
not a problem!
Til he got to my arm pit....
laid back chillin
if radiohead was playing "big ideas" in 1998. i wonder how many more songs they got unrealeased. damn u for being so good!
Daily Dose of Goodness: No TV Weekend. Get back into croquet, a pre-TV era activity that will feel a lot more wholesome.
Nice roundup. I've never used Storify before. Looks cool.
Lake Austin
Why have an ad saying your hiring if your NOT hiring ? -_- what in the fuckin fuck..
When reading analysis of RG3 and Andrew Luck's mini camps, remember that Cam Newton looked overwhelmed in preseason last year.
Fair warning Don't ever eat ice cream beans cereal n hot wings all in a 24 hour cuz yo ass will b fucked up
Yeah! You tell`m! SKOL BABY!!!
slim to none if i dont play
RT House budget cuts will kick 280,000 kids off school lunch program. vote to
Hey, our first show back is going to be January 14th at FreezerFest 2. Come out and laugh at us.
That would be rather pesky !
Not looking forward to the next 7 hours :|.
i've been blessed! How have u been?
Are you in charge or looking for a private venue to host your party? We are the perfect venue! Happy Hump day everyone!
Verizon here in NY "automatically" sells you a cover for the HTC Incredible. It's bigger and heavier than my old phone,but love it!
Buisness is GOOD! OCRA would like to welcome the newest member of our team, Jason Schmierer.
Everyone follow !! She's amazing!!(: She has hilarious tweets! check her out! #mustfollow <U+E328>
Got a feeling it going to be another long day the way it's starting out already !! Have a good one everyone <3
hey boi! 5 oclock shoot works for me . Maybe can come too for directional help. You know clear it with the manager
In the mood for Mexican food & I wanna eat it in Mexico. So I'm gonna. My flight is booked. Will stop 'n see my daughter while there 2.
looking for people... singles (male & female), cpls of all kinds and more to test our product coming. It should be lots of fun let me know.
Need a #change in your life? Join me in FLP, use our amazing aloe products!
You inspire us.
- Bienvenue ! Merci pour la suite ! J'aime votre site Web ! Robin Lynch Aerialist
This is getting super serious!
throw in "shot caller" while you're at it...
god. out of the machine.
aha! Says the guy who wants to leave me to die in a locker?
I am going to be rising a mountain bike all day possibly in the RAIN
witnessing one of the WORST team batting performances in the major leagues today.. Orioles vs Angels
all is well on this sunny thurs... U?
Buys shoes with carbon heels and lives a life we can only dream about!
KARE 11's Boyd Huppert presenting - one of the very best in the biz! And a great guy!
48 customers have signed up for the VBPL/CPL e-books webinar scheduled for tomorrow night. W00t!!
We can now convert any vehcile to run on cng. some big tax rebates are out there while they last. it's a gas gas
"Accept the shocks of seeing yourself as you are, and you can then accept the shocks of seeing others as they really are."
oh my gosh, YEAH IM A FAN OF ONE DIRECTION AND JUSTIN BIEBER. ITS ALLOWED OK EVERYONE.
no idea yet. she'll have another scope in July or Aug. she's been on it for 2 mos so far.
Happy Birthday Bro!
Anyone in the Pittsburgh / Greensburg / Indiana Area looking for gigs, please friend us on Facebook and send us a link to your work <~Quack
then dont do it
Hey, I was just telling Scott similar things about you! Very grateful to be working with you and our cohort
Look, it's "a" process. What more do you want, hippie?
Believe in yourself Have faith in your abilities Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be suc
Happy birthday! And have a fun house inspection!
Luv me some trangy! Captain pickin me up having fab time@ #WPPI Missing my Amy love! Enjoy SinCity! need pick up at airport
Thank you for all the love and appreciation we receive everyday from our incredible customers ....grazie di cuore .....
The state of the union. Hum
excited to "sleep in" til 8. of all the semi-surprising things i've managed in the last decade, 3 wks of early am exercise is the craziest.
I can't wait for your new music! :)
Nah Gasol sounds better RT : If I ever have a female dog, I'm naming it Bynum.
RT: RT : You must not come lightly to the blank page.- Stephen King
Big numbers: Workforce Development set to release BLS April employment numbers in a few minutes. Ready for the politics? What do you think?
Thx to all who attended today's Creating Powerful Radio session in LA &the team!
You can no longer think of your art as the main source of your income. Artists must adapt.
I must admit I'm no fan of leaving work later than I'm supposed to.
what a sweet pic :)
you can still follow , be the 1,001 . It would mean a lot <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> and it says I have 999 followwers :o
Transition today.. D:
Yes, please go Galt!
Big Krit inspires the shit outta me
Lesson learned...when I know something...and someone else try's to tell me it's not so. from now on I will trust what I know...fuck them all
I told jesse this morning, i think nadal looks like steve g.
Im sleepy as ever.
Nothing more I want right now than a burrito an some good hangs.
right, cuz the singing bee sounds like a real professional gig...
Distrito, why does it smell like bleach at my table? Yuck.
is it bad my boobs are out in my icon?
"Eden" Let's do this...
There's massive work going on in the test kitchen today as prepares dishes for a photoshoot for the upcoming cookbook.
things self-described as "modern," are often very dated, or just in very bad taste, era-agnostically.
enjoy...always love a good night out in Vegas!
What was the other Twitter acct you mentioned? Didn't have time to type. Thanks!
AND YOUR OUTTA HERE!!!!!!!! (in my umpire voice)
I've seen promos for #Alphas but none for #Haven when is it coming back?
Seriously..who at the still thinks putting Kahli in a match is a good idea.
Put #Shell gas in my car ^.^ I bet its happy :D
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay- Its my fault not yours .. <<<<
Got ya! Wishing we could have daycare available but it's just outside our capacity. :( Hopefully you'll still come see us!
Going on a little trip today for an exciting meeting
I hope I get this promotion at work tho.
not when your under 21
o yum, im gonna fall asleep
are you tired? cause you been running threw my head all day.
Verizon wants to messing around. bad connection -_-
best pace ever! Happy St. Patrick's Day! I just finished a 3.86 mi run with a pace of 9'22"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Ugly weather. Yucky day. Sometimes the system just sucks.
Take the majestic land of Turkey for instance. From 5000 BC the place has development. The Hittites are important in Old Testament studies
. can't make it today, but he's here in spirit as the duke new music ensemble performs his piece "jewel weed"!
Despite bein over 30..after my game at the park just now I must quote the great Eddie Kane "I still got it yall!"
What a beautiful New Mexican day!
is located at 400 N Water St. Come down and get those Mother's Day gifts shopping local vendors. Buy local buy handmade!
RT :does anyone have any corporate accounts? Charge per hour to offer table/chair massage at businesses? GOOD ?
I posted the pic of panda the dog in previous tweet (can't copy & paste my tweets for some reason).
hm hm
Blended learning supports and encourages extended/life long learning. Open content, flexible content user content.
The worst President ever and accept the fact that he hasn't actually been that bad.
hey, it's saved me many times in a pinch. And if you open it right, it doesn't matter.
Its amazing how the tides have turned
Informal learning and preschools within museums will become a bigger deal. There's such positive thinking about current programs
Happy New Year everyone! Just floated 2011's flaming riddances over the dam; tomorrow: resolutions penned with goose quill on Tibetan paper!
It is a horror film marathon kinda day for me :) YES! super stoked :) Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
you freak
PAX wiped us out so much that we have to close for tonight, just to restock. Amazing weekend, and we're sorry to anybody we miss tonight!
alright peace i gotta go to work
I'm hungry af!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 11
That rather brings tears to my eyes. It's beautiful.
my mom just said id be a good teacher and coach haha
prima donna Ross he will never get it Bears 8-8 maybe
Does anyone else find it ridiculously strange that schools use head hunting firms to hire college coaches? What? A complete waste of $
Not a Playa I just Crush Alot.
That cast and writing...just haven't seen anything on tv this good in awhile! I am glad it got picked up for Season 2!
“There are three things a guy should want to change about his girl. Her last name, address and her view point on men”
happy Friday to u 2 . Getting ready 4 class
The Dakota Boys are going to kill the game all day lol step it up ppl
Nah, no sass.
City, meet Hurricane.
.my sister had a dream that I was dead. & my mom had a dream I was in the hospital dying :O
New universal Tourney betting rule...bet the hell out of the First Four "Diss Team" in their opener ... VCU '11, Iona '12
"Hey babe, you smell that?" .. "No." .. "Me neither, start damn cooking!"
Attention - The quickest way to get a lot of individual attention is to make a big mistake.
I think I have a concussion..
Always speak how you feel & never be sorry for being real.
LIVE VIDEO: Snoop Dogg Ressurects Tupac At Coachella for Hologram Performance - Under the Gun Review
ACM Invades Bricktown was a major SUCCESS! Great bands and some dedicated (albeit a bit wet at times) fans made it a great night.
Negativity attracts negative junk. Positivity attracts positive stuff. The law of attraction folks. And it works fo sho.
Why did King Kong paint the bottoms of his feet brown? So that he could hide upside down in a jar of peanut butter.
Anyone around me wanna hit up Chapotle? about time I use this gift card
this particular form of social networking? P.S. It was pretty great to see you.
Yall both SCARED...LOL...GET SOME, WANT SOME BABY :-)
My ear hurts like a b*tch :(
Yea True
What a save!!
are those yours?
I can feel my maternal instinct, long extinguished, rekindling.
True Born Records r
Can be yours forever? Can I be all yours? Can I be your last? Please?
you are too funny
Work today. Thank goodness it's only 4 hours.
independence day is the best movie ever. I know almost ever word. Absolutely my favorite. I can watch it any time.
Bitch cum ova here
LOVE LOVE that one!!!!
wats ya eta on BEN FRANK?
We love you dorg!
#Rant it's funny how many closeted male celebs won't respond when male fans tweet them yet once they're 'out' suddenly the gay fans exist.
Interview for a scholarship right now!
how are you kind sir?
My back hurts ):
If you really trust westbrook with your last shot........your not a real OKC fan hands down
LISTEN LISTEN LISTEN!!!!!!!!!!
hey dude
around the world cruise. who has 4 months to do that?
Hey! Welcome to Twitter!
Just wannted to give a s/o to the birthday guy :)
Wear just a t-shirt and call it a "short dress."
Even though Nikki's the killer, I'm relieved it was self-defense. She'll get Victor back, some day...
Don't do it it's tacky n getto that's for black girls
Voodoo is getting ready to unveil the official Andy Carson birthday doughnut! Some high-calorie fun on Good Day Oregon.
Guys, we are MAHOMIES! We are fam[ily] we don't hate or fight. We stick up for each other. and care. Stop the hate. big no no!
love that guy! You need to get him on the twitter train I guess!
Yep, I did.
Didn't see it today, but loved hearing it Fri. at Orch. Hall with my girlfriend It was here 1st DSO concert.
Headin to Worlds of Fun with my best friends. Gonna be a perfect day!
voicemail from mom: "hi kelly, ali and roberto have broken up, so he is available" thanks for looking out mom, i'll get on that.
that's hillarious
Let's do a contest! First follower to guess #Packers first pick and draft spot wins some #GEEBZ gear!
Did Adam Smith miss the Industrial Revolution? I doubt it. In 1754, he was James Watt's landlord in Glasgow. The two were friends.
</3 ... I'm sure his dad is looking at him && he's so happy with whaat Austin's become to people.
Gibson deflects in an own goal off the Ian Bennett shot. Wave on a 9-0 run, lead 17-9 over Comets
thanks for following me! :-)
follow me?!:)
Go see Leonard Freed's "Police Work" photographs from 1974-1979
I LOVE it. It sounds like NEWness and Web 2 point zero! Do you work at this Smoothing Mooves?
Barry is the old rich dude who obviously has $ to burn...hehehe
RT : Excited to give a presentation to iNSPIRE: "Advertising's Impact from the Diversity Paradox"! Here. We. Go!
That is a lot of letters.
was Saturday the loudest you've ever heard Rupp?
This 4 period playoff format is slowly killing me
Read an interesting article from a Cop's Perspective on the Difference Between Millionaires and the Middle Class at www.CopsAlive.com
Shouts out times 100 2U How is Life
Brad, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
That depends on whether it fell in a forest.
Half marathon we think.
Thanks to for the RT. I can always count on him!
I can live with that =) So excited!
Giving up facebook for the next few weeks. I even deleted the app, so I obviously mean business. Time to focus on school.
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, "Always do what you are afraid to do." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
trying out newest slide LIVE right here on the morning show! Sure to be HILARIOUS.
Holy cowboy! This cappuccino is NOT decaf!!!!!!!!
How u like Twitter?
people problems are sorta going away. Lol
good:P.
Idk if this is the actual case file, or if this just details "amys" wish to have restitution
Facebook crashed again! Geez what's next
north nashville goes hard.
Is it really Wednesday already? I'm still on Monday!
great place for some scotch. Hubbard Inn
RT : Municipality just spent $20 million its $26 million snow budget. Pray for rain.
If I wasn't clueless and knew that coachella was 2 identical weekends I would have gone
Finalized plans for a weekend in Vegas with the fellas! Hola!
morning, slog. Wondering if you can point me in the direction of a toy drive drop off on the hill.
Bought the next book in the Tatiana & Alexander series. Nothing like a despair filled novel about the USSR!
Retweeting is what I do. c:
I think you're nuts for doing the Tough Mudder! 12 miles?!!
We've been updating the New Arrivals wall w/ books like 's Snow Child & Ben Marcus's Flame Alphabet.
Sounds like you are busy!
$2 blue moon drafts all day. Pens v avalanche at 9. $2 bud light bottles 10-12.
Via : #BREAKING: Police investigate package sent to World Financial Center with what appears to be a grenade
How do you know one of your other fans didn't do that? Happens all the time on my corp pages.
Thanks for the cup!
You make me feel (insert the next best line here)
no! That's impossible!(:
omg!!!!! Yay!!! Congratulations! Ur ring is gorgeous!
There's no better study soundtrack than 's Tiny Desk Concerts.
Headed to CMA Music Festival at LP Field.
doesnt suck as bad as you not being on anymore... :-/
Short Love Quotes including WHO? WHAT? WHEN? WHERE? WHY? OR HOW? LOVE:
Big night for music:Academy of Country Music Awards,BET Celebration of Gospel,and The JUNO Awards are all happening right now!
Congratulations to you, , , and on making such a success! ;-}
work,work,work oh ya and work. Gotta make money somehow
i love, love my kindle. so many ways to get at the books -- laptop, phone, and ereader. plus some cheap offers and deals.
Hadn't had a weekend dedicated to my family in a while.
Far out, man!
get on stage ! Let's rock clarion !
Absolutely cannot drink enough #coffee today. #IsitFridayyet?
So we're all in the Matrix...and is Morpheus?
I wish some freaky paranormal shit would happen at my house lately.
Happy Birthday Jack Nicholson! What is your favorite Nicholson performance?
Keep me close keep me cloooseee!!!
Now i can finally go to sleep...
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its intrinsic limitations and conflicts.
I've done none of this homework.
I'm starting from the bottom of the lit and wouldn't
Yes. We are odd.
Snicker, snicker. ;-) Found this to be funny. Thanks for the laugh.
Well I'm off today but I can already tell gets going to be a very boring day
I dabble when I can mane. Thanks for reading :)
Please follow my friends to build their following , , , ,
New books are good to donate too, healthy cookbooks are great to give
Denim Therapy- unimpressed! You will waste your money on something you couldve done for a tenth of the price, actually less.
SCARF UPDATE: We will order both designs next week after we compare prices/product & they will be $20 a piece. Sound good?
I didn't want to like them but then read through all 3 pretty quick, easy reads!
Made happy hour with 7 seconds to spare
you mean memorial day weekend lol & yea girl ima be workin too.
Hey x x <3
That's it! Who's down to set some fire fans on fire with me?! I am in need of a bigger and better Bellydance routine, bring the flames.
Thanks for the MT ! Other than #osci and guggenheim, know of any others looking at EPUB/Kindle?
Support me like Puffy did. for Biggie back in the 90's- Dizzy Wright
Good morning world.. 2day will b better than yesterday, with any luck..
Reading online comments to articles makes me lose my faith in humanity.
CAMI! i miss you too!
I don't get why doc doesn't take him out
You're welcome!
The man sleep two days and wake up and go to sleep again
me to relaxtion time
lol! No no... I'm good in that department, but it was fun watching as I don't see it often anymore! I'm a sucker for oly lifts!
Today is NOT the last day of February. Does anyone celebrate the #LeapYear? RT
RT just checked out yo page!! Send us some acapellas, maybe we can work on a remix!!! Big up!!!
is spending a day at the office, still going at the website! Apparently it looks like a 3 year old did it - says my bro-in-law. =D
Oh rly? Is there a specific time the vid on vevo is coming out?
Wit shriver and hawk
it's funny the little things you can do to entertain an almost 3 year old .
Just tried Americone Dream for the first time :) #amazing , your a god.
Chicago always knows......there's always next year, so true;)!!
I liked what I saw when I saw it :)
Toshiba sunk! Toshiba exits cell-hone business! Panasonic Sunk ...
": I’m the type of person that tries to fall back asleep in the morning just to finish a dream."
What Berlin are you representing? In what state or country are you located?
the animals
Valid point, there have been some Star War ?s in previous debates (you can find those on the site) I was going for more military
boom boom boom boom i want you in my...
if you're still passionate abt bullying you should follow
There's a commercial on Hulu, 1 about the AUE it shows a girl dancing in the middle of a rave. God I love that. It makes me miss Qatar
NEVER IN YO LIFE SCREECH IN MY EAR ON DHA PHONE #QUACKBAKE&SHAKEONYOBISHASS
Thanks for keeping us abreast of this development.
I really hope he does Hold You Down and That Power.
R. Kelly put a lot of thought into all these chapters. Lmbo!
How do you determine if a radio sports host is "FLOPPING?" That's the bigger question...
Those minutes I pass with you sometimes, are priceless in my life<3
grrrr hate to say, it never does anywhere when it gets near to finals !
Flip cam... Oops.
Gov says lawmakers need to set time table for stadium
BORED A.F FINA EAT OR GO SHOPPIN
People ask me when will soccer finally be big in the USA? When fans buy tickets to support their LOCAL clubs and not just exhibition games!
RT “: #FF She's the raddest girl ever and she draws real good and she's awesome and totally 80's! <U+2665>” And makes cool tattoos!
Talking to Shawn :)
Tuesday by David Wiesner: Weird Stuff Happens on Tuesdays
Many thanks for the staff pick. I used to live in Johnson County and spent a good many afternoons in my local library!
I was about to say the same thing especially when they showed the where I sit. But the field looks in great shape.
Why is famous? For making a song about a day of the week? -.-
Ah that makes much more sense! Thanks
well bored so Msg me if u want the cell # .. I can't call tho only texts(:
i hate u
The office is the best show ever
NEW Workshop: Introduction To Backyard Bee Guardianship by Marker Ramsey. This is a #FREE #WORKSHOP on 6/11 from 10am - 12pm
Great to see you! Come on over to our forums as well. I am sure our members would love to get to know you.
Thank you Boing Boing, for reminding me of the existence of HTTP Error 418.
Changed the cover as my icon ;)
Is there a separate holiday for a Happy Baby Mama Day?
Hi. My name is Adam and I'm a control freak.
thank you!! I really appreciate it. What's your fb page URL?
You talk out your CULO mayne. I tell the truth
If I read it right, she's basing this on press releases.
Cool- DM me your email & when I get home I will send you thr rules. Have you ever used Vassal? Its an open-source game platform.
Monday morning, I love monday morning!!
Hey all my followers can you follow my 2nd Twitter plz !!
Phew! I forgot how much work starting a new twitter account can be!
a little show i do called . its a silly weird fun time
I smell next week's special.
the Arab league did nothing. The Russians have walked away. And people are being murdered by the regime daily.
Then let's cut it all off!!!
Whenever you're ready to say bye bye to your hair. lol
So nice to meet you, see you again soon!
Bring Back Ringer 8
All this just to see a dad band
I never do a #ff but heres a special appreciation version:
#sprint: you are going to let me buy a new cell phone 5 months early, or I'm going to #officespacetreatment this pos #evo4g. Worst cell ever
Ah... Margarita night tonight with the girls. :)
¡Feliz Friday, amigos!
50% exception rate i think
Will do… it looks like a double header for me this weekend
You know you've reached a new level of chemical dependency when you can swallow DayQuil gelcaps with hot coffee.
SAPB presents Bereolaesque tomorrow...who's going? :-)
Purdue is emptying out so fast. These are going to be lonely 2 nights and 1 day.
All these new Amber pictures on my dash and all of them are from other people's twitters.
AWESOME quarter by the Now let's see if they have learned from reg season. Gotta keep the pressure on!
Espresso sweetened with a piece of organic rock candy sugar. Yes please!
The US Embassy in Phnom Penh will be offering the Foreign Service Officer test (FSOT) on June 2, 2012.
Join us for Happy Hour specials 4:30-6:30pm tonight plus jazz piano with Bob Tate 5-9pm in our Black Diamond Lounge.
I hate the NBA now .
Judge KVH: 's expose is one of the sharpest rebukes to No Child Left Behind. Paper stood up to biz community. Brave and important.
Without trust, words become the hollow sound of a wooden gong. With trust, words become life itself.
you can't access the photo store on the ipad/iPhone and process it? (assuming I screenshot by pressing both buttons at once)
And the only decision I regret from high school is the color I chose for tie and cumber bun of the tux I wore to prom.
Why is there someone constantly hammering near my house?
: That's my man, Matt.
first we will move inland, then back out on boats, then on elevated houses. once the #waterlevels rise
Not yet but we'd love to meet up! cc
Blast from the past celeb ad - Adrien Brody/Diet Coke
“: What... that phenomenon when you spend $75 dollars on a bday present that looks like it cost $30?” Tape $45 to it...
I'll mail u some cinnamon lol
this isn't about Couric; this is about MSNBC. I'm horrified.
sure thing jessica :D
it's what I had handy and it worked
The Real is on the rise.
omg i wanted to win the lakers tickets thoughh>.< ahh fuhkk it!
plaid tie pad thai chai tea tai chi
He's throwing 99 in the 9th inning. Outrageous
I do and same to you and yours!
i swear if it rains in Del Rio TX all hell breaks loss on the road ppl cant drive worth shit..guess that happens when you live in the desert
thanks! we'll get back to you re cats, who are still stuck in durance vile for a while longer
i wanna meet you ! <3 i love you <3
And the attack on the media, Alinski, and foodstamp stuff is getting as outdated as "yes we can"
Getting it in over at with and
#1ofmyflaws I care too much.
Merry Christmas from our Acme Hotdog family to your family! Enjoy this special day!
*raised eyebrow* why not? ": <<<<<< doesn't care what pussy looks like"
friend looking for a june/july sublet in chelsea/hells kitchen/UWS for $2000 or less. let me know leads please!
Why aren't seattleites more social? Friendly? Strike up conversations with strangers - like EVERYPLACE else in the world.
Next iron chef is so BA
What a chilly day! I'm gonna have to have a sit down with Mother Natures boss!!
People need to know the officers that patrol their community. Relationship building is changing our community - Maj Russell
I will never be the same without you.
And the man in the back said everyone attack, and it turned into a ballroom blitz... And the girl in the corner...
I've never thought much of the guy as a manager, but it's not Jim Tracy's fault that the Rockies have the worst starting rotation in the NL.
oh believe me I will! :-)
Woke up for the second time in recent history before my alarm. This is extremely un-Julia-like behavior.i even texted my mom about it.
Next year on 4/14, we're throwing a city-wide party to celebrate everything great about the 414. Hope you can be a part of it.
good luck!
I feel like I'm famous every time I tweet
I hear you are a big supporter of taking vets hunting is that true?
Viva Espana! #Esp to take on #Ned this Sunday. It's gonna be a great game - anyone else going to for it?
Just got told by a senior year new student that I was the FIRST teacher EVER to correct his sentence structure & grammar.
dunno about #linsane but certainly not the only analyst doing insane stats for sport. Remember pre-Obama?
we're fine, but his family doesnt like me because im black and hes white and i told him i dnt think im good enuf :/
New show added! Feb. 7th at the Marquis Theater in Denver. Playing with ! Epic Proportions I say!
Right back atcha :)
Finally digging into my Mickey Newbury American Trilogy box set.
question everything and get others opinions... get multiple opinions & making your own decision is best. I think 401ks R shady
Back to the present!
Yes! RT : Two years ago today, God radically changed my life and set me free from cutting myself! God is soo good!
I have #Instagram on my #Android now. Dont see why everyone is upset that Android users have it. Why cant we all share our pics of kittens?
It's rough, I have great memories of the store, drinking coffee, reading comic books. They will be missed!
On Wednesday Our FGM Laurie will be picking up over 100 donated items from our friends at !!! Thank you so much WF!
Also, grandmother is convinced that if is elected again, her doctor will quit and she will be without health care. #SayWhat???
wanna trade me that snack pack for the rest of this banana?
I'm.going to.beat this bitch up
Whoa! Johnny Rotten is 56 today? Damn, he really is Old Man Steptoe now, isn't he? Happy birthday, Johnny!
So pumped for tomorrow's show at (boscos social club). 9 pm start time. You can expect originals #pearljam #phish #blues & MORE
I don't know where all this gonna go, I'm just praying that I never lose control
Thanks so much! I did it! It was tough but got through. ;-)
of course. Gotta be careful now so we can be legends later
"I haven’t read “The Waste Land” for a year, and I never did bother to check all the footnotes...."
Politico reporting that Senate Dems have "pulled the plug" on cap and trade ... put it off to some "uncertain future." Back to square 1?
15k at first break
Maybe when you learn how to grow up and know how to actually act your age maybe you won't be treated like a 5 year old!
RECORD RELEASE SHOW NEWS!! It's JUNE 8th at BAY VIEW BOWL!!! More info to come...if u behave
Happy Wednesday, friends! Any New Year's resolutions? Great Quote: “The unexamined life is not worth living.”—Socrates
good move.they can finally be real niggas for once..Acc soft
just knowing in a lil i have get ready it sucks..
Hey , not saying every check-in did at #OrphonicMultimedia was fair, but I've never met you. Stop cheating!
Its the freaking weekend y'all !!
That whats up :)
LOL @ Merton Hanks!
It's nice and cloudy here in North Texas. How is everyone's Monday?
The best value in this life - spending it on something that will outlast you.
alright bro
Attending the #lithcast webinar. Very informative with
Old Ways, Neil Young
Hope everyone is safe having a great nye I seriously saw 5 wrecks on the way home
Addai, Brackett, Bullitt, Clark & Painter -- all cut from the #Colts. Wow!
Thanks for the link, Diana!
looks delicious, I will try that! Have you ever baked with sunflower seed butter? I have not but want to try that too...
30 days until the fair!!! August 30th - September 5th. Check the website for performers, events, the schedule and other further details.
Goodmorning my peoples! Thanku for following and know I try my best to follow back. Have a great day!
I like how most of the people saying that the judges used #thesave wrong are younger women that are just jealous lol
I got a stain on my shirt -_-
like a BOSS
followed me... man I feel like such a badass!
SERENITY NOW!!! When did I become the Accounting dept?
Student Development is closed on Monday and Tuesday and will re-open on Wednesday, November 2, 2011 in the New Building, Room L 65.00.
sounds like my kind of day!
Guys who routinely pick on weaklings won't ever win any points with me. Asshole boys make asshole men.
I <3 the gatsby reference though. Pretty accurate
Good Luck!
I made it in?! Lol Idr that..but woo! I NEVER make it!
what u doing now
The McFarlanette's are busy setting up for Kids Korps gala - A Night at the Royal Ascot. Super excited for our silent, mini & live...
i dont really give af about the superbowl, i just want the patriots to lose so i can see the look on Detzels face tmrw ;)
So...where would you like to see In Union play next?
Heading back to Lee in about an hour. Kinda wanna go back, but not really. I've missed my family.
Walked through the Embarcadero today. What the hell?
omg Gary.. these two episodes today are the bomb dot com. So good.
Keep on! In solidarity, oné and
Already feeling yelled at. Like reverse deja vu.
Just about a month until my degree recital... Crunch time!
I Dont Really Like Cheese Pizza
Of course! Look at the killer spread w Adriana Lima + Doutzen Kroes. AMAZING.
Don't get me started. How do you think you did this morning?
This beat deserves hennessey.
With the win Big 10 Pub clinches 1st half Bay League championship. At the Pub now, just popped the bottles of Dom.
Sneaking out of my house before my parents get home to avoid doing chores.
I'm sure you're doing great!
Long days
Detroit in the hizzouse
Okay, got a seat and ready to go.
what rank/ how many votes u got now?
Any homos know Adobe After Effects like the back of their hand?
Love today like never before. See the CHRIST in me and love me inspite of myself. W.globalmusic4life.com.
Now a card carrying member of the Dustin Brown fan club!!
Viktor looks like a Bee Ger
We DO have a pandemic. Have u seen the #'s & the # of ppl who aren't even aware their health issues R related to FA/FI?
There was short rib soup last night?? Oh man, we are bummed we missed that.
haha your funny...you wish you could text this
You and me both
Jim, thanks!
": Im cool with all my exes....No hard feelings...No need for em. Just a part of life."
Besfriend can see the difference between your fake smile and the real one.
Thanks for the mention!
I need to quit worrying about certain things so much!!
Thanks for the follow. Life is short but you seem to using every second.
hey pretty! We saw you walking in Christensted earlier. Hopefully you'll have some time 4 an interview with us
How will that make u lose weight?
Job hunting? Quicken Loans and its family of companies have hundreds of openings! Paid internships and full-time jobs. DM me for more info
Blah work in an hour
Once again, my man is annoyed that I've completely abandoned my motherly duties in favor of #Bachelor night!
Thanks for the follow! Did you find me through ?
I know it's quicker, but it's actually less painful to walk down 'em. ;P
rap makes me happy akgjhgklffj idk
Seriously people actually watch Bridezilla & people actually act like this in real life... Wow... I'm in shock!!
Auburn Vs Oregon . Tonight at rc dugans.
Almost saw a fight in McDonald's between two old people. Say waaat
Nothig screams 'insecure' more then doing the 'duck face' in all your pics!
cool I might be back here at that time. I'll check you out if I am.
hit me up
#sciencedenial. If you attack people's view of the world, their emotions will fire immediately.
i dnt have the numba baby new phone
I know I'm a bit late on this..but I'm thinking UK by a dozen.
Is this what the world has come to?
when the mixtape drop I got u
Im Tired A F
My choice is a buttery light gold! So excited!
sometimes people dont know when to quit
One of these years, I will feel sufficiently DH-ified to participate in #dayofDH. Maybe. For now I am just an interested librarian...
Check out Austin's very own The Bellmen during
Jimmy likes tequila shots too! #whereyabeenstranger?
This. Weekend. Needs. To. Be. Over.
Check our website for tomorrow's pairings! The weather looks great! Can't wait to see you here!
Keep up the great work Gary! Your touching many more lives than you know. Are you still talking to old people?
That shit hurts.
I'm not that mad about this humidity... Much rather have it this way then cold and rainy.
Note to self: talk to Christina about installing Performing Arts Librarian office cam.
be speaking the truth!
Milk Chocolate, Dark Chocolate, Dark Chocolate Mint, Dark Chocolate Raspberry, Cappuccino. Guilt-Free Chocolate @ only 30 Calories each.
In the ruins of this short term memory, impending doom softly haunts me.
You should write a post about coffee apps for the iPhone.
It's been raining all day here, too.
I was hoping somebody would say something to me.
Michelle Obama was ALSO born and raised in Chicago
Best quote at shoot today: "This couch is my subtext" - Mary Lechter, SAG
maybe bcz they adore your icon lolz :)
God has a plan
Great break-fast dinner at The Great Adirondak Steak and Seafood Company with mom, Pumpkin Spice Ale was perfect!
It was great meeting you Ingrid :) Glad you enjoyed the sammies!
:) yes sir I've made TONS of songs since you last heard plus I just got my early birthday gift (a keyboard) last night :D!
Beautiful. Simply beautiful.
see u about 8 speaks at the haggerty museum at 6
check m willz out on youtube
Ready to go #MakeItNasty & see at Level 3 tonight, you guys have no idea how excited I am to begin this year by seeing him live..<3
are you gonna watch ABDC this season!?!? :D
Mulligan uses self as ex will be 20 yr retiree, says healthcare her best benefit, concerned about constant change, as benefit & JCAR member.
S/O to Nitaya, Montana, and Rob for getting that workout in today!
I'm really worried
It's like knitters christmas
I'm brain fucked you were right
BIG New coming soon. Gotta get our "likes" up first tell your freinds...
DUDE!!!!!! You were on AMERICAN IDOL!!!!! I'm gonna pass out cuz your like famous!!!!!!!
Damn Magic Johnson bought the la dodgers
do you still have that link doll i gave you?
I could be getting drunk with my friends but instead I chose to stay home cause I'm indecisive.
makes booking travel 100000000 times better. 8 flights over the next 3 weeks booked in no time.
Mood not so good all of a sudden!!!Need the weekend back!!!
If you are late for a leadership team mtg you have to sing. Today sang on behalf of the MKTG team. Bravo!
The dances on Shake It Up make me LOL though. They're so bad :L
But I would certainly include , , , and on your list.
remember when you watched me have sex via skype? Haahaha
ah! just text me, we're probably blowing up twitter. ;)
And they say ain't no racism in America
when you really love someone, but they don't love you back:'(
Florida came to play
Damn the dmv in lakewood be packed asf
thank you for following me!
thanks for the compliment. :)
i think i love your mother.
Snow in the forecast? Summer time people! Let's go! Get moving!
you always brighten my day
"Your facebook smells like patchouli." - Alex Held
I think you'd enjoy following
After waiting for nearly 3 years to be taken to Mama Carollas for a date I said screw it, going with Aunt Kim instead!
Thank you Diyobo!
IM GOOD
People who practice real meditation are able to handle crisis with ease.
oh no! What do u need help with?
Sacred the bageebers out of opportunity today when it tried to walk silently by. Are you watching out for opportunity?
holy cow can we catch up. Joses.
Apparently light skin people got super powers.
A house w/out books is like a room w/out windows No man has a right to bring up his children w/out surrounding them with books- Horace Mann
........and i like how baro's pants is baggy at the right place..
Did you know May is Chip Your Pet Month? Where did you go to get your pet chipped? If you haven't yet, will you?
ha RT : fuck em both... Bong and / or bowl my G
i MISS U cutie
harry got a girlfriend </3 well
Was great Zane, thanks!
If you're trying to connect with me on LinkedIn or Pinterest...good luck. ;)
It's mexiCAN Monday at Coops. $3 cans of Modello & Tecate, $3 shots of Cuervo and $1 beef tacos. Doors open at 4pm.
I like it when you use the word "fabulous". js
Working on best tips to writing a business plan for your startup. #hr #entrepreneur. Stay tuned.
Two years would be a long time for a trend. Maybe neon will be big again?
Is that akin to the Seinfeld episode with the t-shirt #1 Dad as opposed to "world's greatest" only in this case for moms?
Caught a mahi mahi on the water. I can officially say that I've been "fish slapped".
Ok boo
no problem! I hope you enjoy reading it!
Oh...Paradise Hotel. How I miss me some Toni.
That's right. Town hal with mickey!!!
So our power in the school just completely went out. #SeniorPrank .???
Man, United Airlines' website is like freaking Godaddy with the upsells.
RT : I'm moving into new! Much of my old stuff is getting ready to be new to someone else!
nice pick
gotta learn html and fbml! any advice?
My question is it takes them about 11 hrs to give us lines on conf tourney game and the tourney they have them out in an hour
Who are you going to #sadies with?
Look at all the trades in the NHL! I'm the only I'm sure
I am hungry. What are you having for dinner?
that's a Baltimore experience I have yet to have! You can cross that one off.
RT 2 me 2 Carmen. Stopped me in my tracks. did a great report on stigma. This brought it home again.
If u over 25 years old and u still fighting somebody...you need to reevaluate your life.
I'm putting a G on Frankel
very funny. -___-
Hello every1. I miss you all. I was very very busy..
Hang in there! You're doing your thing for democracy today.
We must teach our students what are appropriate #web2.0 resources & how to responsibly use them
hi Victoria! Doing good. U?
shoulda hit me up
Sadly our #Flyers overtime game has been bumped for the #Kings - damn local markets.
no problem! Thanks for shopping!
Hi thank you, line will be out for spring 2012. A select few will be available online soon. I'll keep you posted. :)
Who wants to do lunch .... My treat lol
Take an art class together & learn something new such as pottery or glassblowing. You'll have fun & have a momento.
I'm less worried about the 3D and more upset about the lack of Sam Waterson!!!
I have Facebook friends who make rap music/videos. Everyone feeds their egos. They're just as terrible as those girls.
Bisous David: that was so sweet! i reciprocate
Please win tonight Bruins<3 We are only one game away from the cup! :'D -izzy
tell siri to remind you to gift wrap? :)
Lakers are just a tire fire
It's Day 1 of the NFL draft, I'm locked and loaded on ESPN wonder who my 49ers gone pick up...
Ridiculousness cracks my shit up
I wish it still was a Ralph's. That'd be so nice.
DONT GO INSANE
I miss the sound of your voice
To lean more about specific medical condition and or services, please visit my specialized websites: .keloidsurvey.com
Retweet &help a military family. Anyone can donate a food box to a military - FAM - you CAN make a difference www.thetreasurebox.org/donate/
Doin chicago the way its supposed to be done
Had a random conversation with a staff associate at It was cool to hear how much she loves working for the company. So refreshing.
Ah yes but with you at the helm I'm sure plenty of big ideas in the newsroom! :)
Lick envelope, eat fruit snack. Lick envelope, eat fruit snack.
Might fav it.
Merry Christmas everyone! I hope you all are with the people you love today.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
but slayer is now mainstream. so they dont count anymore.
Heard great paper about Wulfstan using Alfredianaterials, by another appreciator of
I want to run a marathon.
“: This doesn't concern you. Lol” girl I'm your mother, it all concerns me! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I shared your awesome blended learning NAIS article with admin @ school. They love it and may want to talk to you to hear more.
You would think after four years of this "Obama is our Savior!" bovine excrement I would know how to spell 'messianic' without looking it up
dream on
so u live in Argentina now
Landed a great deal on a SRS Wind paddle today! Can't wait to hit the water and test it out...sort of...brrrr.
Are you on Instagram?
doing a great job w live updates of LBSU game for
I hate how small this city is. I take alternative routes to avoid people.
they will suprise
“: You get the retweet and the Gold star.”
The perfect temp inside a bus has to be one of the most difficult things in the world to get right.
West Denver Prep students are gonna get stoked on service today in this gorgeous weather...
I stalk
#fallforum AASL Saturday Leslie Maniotes Speaking on enduring understanding: value beyond a specific topic
We are very pleased that we have yet another alumnus joining Welcome
Thank you to our March Pitch-off participants & , winner will be announced this Friday.
That's like asking, which 1 candy do they want in a candy store. It's hard coz YOU JUST WANT ALL OF THEM! <3 x
"I suffer for fashion"-- LNBstyle
Seriously, its like every time im happy you shoot me down
u fired up but im jus puff puff passin em
Not sure field goals will get it done. Pack needs 7's and stops.
Have a great one!
We won 1-0 tough game! The fact we were 10 miles from Alabama was crazy!!
Uh...what's that you're saying about Scottish accents????
Not remotely close to James and Ted Oswald shootout years ago.
live interview on Sunday May 6th at The WarZone Radio around 8pm - 10pm eastern time. Call (310) 861-2335 to listen in or any questions.
just followed him! you can follow me (and Oliver) at maybe I should make Oliver his own account...
Quick morning meal: Peach Smoothie. Grab 2 cups frozen peaches, ½ cup each of fat free yogurt, milk, and sugar. Blend and go!
nothing much hbu ?
Thanks! It's beautiful here! :-)
Betancourt is the Corey hart of the infield...god they suck
Thanks for the follow :)
The weather could be worse! In '36, one of the worst floods in over 300 yrs roared down the Connecticut R.Learn about it tonight on 36 at 8.
Sounds awesome! I'll be there!
What ya coming for?
Oh yeah that's true.. I'd just drink alot of pineapple juice that week lol
Hey, I know you don't capture gameplays, but how long do you think it'll be untill my gp is captured? :O
I spent a lot of my money on booze, birds, and fast cars. The rest I just squandered.
Hope is believing in spite of the evidence, and then watching the evidence change.
Aww! Here you are :)
#harlem Support our peaceful space. Please ask our neighbor to be responsible and soundproof correctly
#MichiganWolverines win the #SugarBowl in OT! Ugly but I'll take it & an 11-2 finish. Nice way to wake up in a cold winter day in Afgh!
This Sarah Phillips thing keeps getting weirder and weirder.
Somebody who really wants to talk to you or is thinking about you will contact you... #dont always be first to hit somebodies phone up.
hey now that would be me :(
Dates and Venue Announcement: 2ND Annual The Film Festival of Colorado June 23-26 at the Tivoli
THERE WE GO!! USA!!
10xDemo... Now on stage....
Arizona is a community property state, upon divorce community property will be divided equitably-equitably doesn't necessarily mean equally.
Cols.Crew 1st Kick Pub Crawl this Friday! Starts at Kildare's @ 6:15pm! $2.50 Bud pounders! Stay for the top DJs and Videos! Great specials!
Thanks for following! We help finance small businesses! Love your golden gate back drop :) Looking forward to connecting!
I knew I would wear you down lol
I was just asking myself questions of a similar nature. I miss him
peggy fleming
The conditions are absolutely epic at and Who's up there playing in the snow?
RT : Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur <-- Soft kitty, warm kitty, purr, purr, purr! Love this song :+D
Lyrical Knockout. Nov. 21st! Coming to an internet near you!
Thank you, Hope you can find the time to come down
Sorry, that RT from Annie about the Snookie news being 2 weeks old should have her correct handle:
Post your wares, job postings, jewelry, mary kay or avon information on our blog or website. Submit info to
TO THE WINDOW, TO THE WALL!!
you're a good man ;-P
Not only I have to donate to Mitt's campaign but also get a chance to spend a day with him. why?
I wish I knew how to sleep during normal people hours...
Trolled Bitches. :D
Wow, 47,000 in Toronto silenced by This has been an entertaining match
omg why?
Haven't been on Twitter in like FOREVER! Super stoked about NEVER SAY NEVER out this friday! I am so gonna buyout at walmart.. lol
&& the only one that Sherlock may possibly love (admire?) is Irene.
Congrats, Fou! That's awesome!
Maybe should have checked for remover before I painted my nails.
It's been awhile, will explain later. Happy to be back.
the blazer curse!
I'm so lucky :)
no deal. we're gonna be friends and i'm gonna cheer you up. (: that's all.
Yeah bro, it's free download, you can also lease it for 19.99$ and use it on Mixtapes, etc.
rub it in why don't you.
Finding someone is always a big step.Just have fate and see where it goes
alright that's fine like 2:30ish?:)
have fun at SAA!!! I'm totes jeals.
I am on twitter follow limit but I'll get back at ya when I can
what up wit the world today when niggas think its ok that they can just walkin around biteing people...
Rented a media card and it wasn't wiped. It has the dailies for Russia's Next Top Model with Tyra Banks on the judging panel.
Nope, we were looking specifically at "Issues" pages of candidates' websites so it was only in relation to veterans issues.
you lost your V card at prom? Who ever loses their v card at prom? its so... predictable.
always does haha good night:))) sorry for arguing jut a bad nght
Any of you seen ? We need more shower towels, asap.
opening was a smash success. Might buy a four piece set photographs of people looking menacingly at the camera.
ok just finish watching lost & now Im lost lol need to watch from the first season
is a wolf in sheep's clothing. Release your taxes!
Once the movie is finished, he might need it deflated, but now... Ego is good!
are you sponsoring a Rose Bowl Parade floragraph this year?
- iight imma hit u up tomorrow if i get it
Im so bored. I wanna hang out with my friends but they are all at school <U+E406>
Are you going to the Casa de Espana party tonight? Look at our previous tweets from today & do join us for EuroConnect4-May 16
sorry real late reply >.< yeah I understand my last few weeks of high school were like that too
True. If only your balls sagging to your knees in 10 years could be helpful to you as well.
Just bat Ryan Braun leadoff and maximize his solo home run opportunities.
Shoulda wore my long johns today
This from a guy who hasn't watched the first movie (it's sitting in my queue, relax).
RT : Wearing my t-shirt at SFO omw to #mw2012 #alamw , a guy says "I texted a librarian this morning!" :)
you need to try the new Jalapeño Popper Grill too
just finished helping my family polish off some deserts
OH my word. I can eat a horse. I'm hungry
I wish I was back in Haiti right now.
what's up Jeff!?
Just because you miss someone, doesn’t mean you need them back in your life. Missing is just a part of moving.
Shaking up a "Snow Monster" cocktail: Maker's Mark Bourbon, DeKuyper Razzmatazz,& Cranberry juice. What's your favorite winter cocktail?
Whoa! I would say that's not worth it.
No, Monty Python. Lol
Sleeping, working out, followed up with meeting for sushi at Umi. How could a Sunday get much better?
in talking about some music i just recorded, someone said to me yesterday: "oh..so you used, like, real drums?" i had no words.
Take 50% OFF today! Use CLE50 www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
I'm just going to need to go to sleep not knowing how bad things are at work.
Your more than welcome.. Hope it's the best<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Diverse crowd at May Day rally in park blocks. Union workers, farm workers and families
Let's see if actually remembers my note today . #probablynot #shehatesme </3
It's too bad ESPN hasn't covered the NFL draft enough
Launching an Exquisite Corpse project via Twitter tomorrow. Calling all writers!
A5: James Harden is making a huge name for himself. He's got game and a style schtick...great marketing combo
I like them -- EXCEPT when they revive old, dated articles about Lindsey Lohan or something.
Check out Peacenext.org, a great new social network for interfaith dialogue by the Parliament of the World's Religions
see you then!
To get an idea of what these DVDs are like, take a sneak peek:
Runnin round Dallas like a crazy person showin off the mags. Chocolate covered espresso beans won't carry me much longer on 2 hours of sleep
happy birthday! hope it has been a great one!
you should have told me I wud have given it back to you!!
Fridge magnets - a new passion.
Still working on 224 RT now get 847 followers!
Can't preorder Black Ops II because I don't turn 17 until the end of May :c
cats was clowning me 3 yrs ago for not wearing socks wit my hard wheels and/or loafers.
so..... How was the "stow-a-ways" trip?
set up a greeting card campaign for your new team member giving them tips over their first two months. #dstips It's nice to get mail!
College work is getting the best of me.
Beyond scared straight !
Little snowboarding this morning, great dinner with my beautiful wife at a great place.. Ending 2011 off right!! Bring on 2012!!!!
Excited to see you at #HouseofBlues tonight - any idea what time you guys go on??
you can still visualize what's in the book
um what
INTENSE ASS THERAPY SESSION.
Watching "The Grey". This film is intense.
aye I'm out here! Vegas! What up doe?!
seeks Pioneer level sponsors committed to $6k pa for 3yrs & seeks Partner level sponsors committed to $3k pa for 3yrs
IgniteATL is now half full and the real PR push hasn't started. Grab a seat! RT : Just broke 100 RSVPs to
Really enjoys train travel
The "Art of Seeing" promo book by Alcove Books just released. Bottom photo on cover is mine.
I just heard of it today. Im high fiving everyon I see lol
Our hearts are drunk with a beauty our eyes could never see. ~George W. Russell
Thank you! We are so happy you enjoyed your Valentine's dinner with us. Have a great rest of your night!
lol I saw that. I was about to be pissed!
Hey Umm when you Gonna Drop a New Video?? your Video's are Brain Banging.. lol
Delicate, impossible, and rare
definitely raw
So now we know that it was a human operation. I hate to sound heartless, but I don't care. That is just way too cool.
Mexican food!!!!! Chili's rellenos!!!! Aww we yeah!
sometimes i go on twitter rampages where i tweet, #allthetime . i need a #flow(:
I have given back into the dark side --- welcome back Netflix ...
Purple and orange are complimentary colors. They actually go together quite well. Just ask , the art guru.
good job jordie
Looking for my lunch buddy maybe we can slide to da tre and hit up Frenchy's real quick.
“: Yellow customers in VA heading to DC, Blue Line trains are less delayed than Yellow (not single tracking on Blue)." Not true.
driving back from Davis, near Modesto
thats really weird! But its all good! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
been said i was on, you guys worry about selling cars too much to listen
what about "butthurt" is that a word?
RT : When's that moderator going to ask about class basketball?
Tell the children or youth in your life how much you care for them and appreciate them.
“Official” Siri app hits the Android Market, highlights Google’s marketplace issues
Problems in the oil fields of North Dakota-- it may make you cringe. More info coming up at 5:30 on
"DONT YOU KNOW I GET FARTY AND BLOATED WITH A FOAMY LATTE!!!!"
I regret buying beats now :P
looks like a great panel!
BIDEN misunderstands SUPREME COURT & thinks ORAL ARGUMENTS is something U do, trying to get a blow...
Kennedy says appalling opinions do not nice people make -- despite
Eddie Gaedel had a longer MLB career than Sandy Leon,
women ruin everything
Thanks, Genevieve. I'm glad you liked it! Hope you are having a great weekend!
well a couple guesses wouldn't work anymore, so isn't there only like one other non-partner on your Team?
Can you have identical twins, one having Down Syndrome and the other not? I was always told they had to be fraternal..
This is how i feel about the Dave Matthews commercials. I can't hit mute fast enough.
that's the place.
#FF Thank you!!
Nathan Fletcher leaves the Republican Party. Says too many "games" in partisan politics. He becomes an independent candidate for SD Mayor
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!! Hope u have an awesome day!! :)) <3
Hope you all have enjoyed your Spring Break! See you Monday :-)
Parking at #mobile2012? Park in Sheraton self-parking garage. Ask registration desk for validation to get discounted rate of $10 per day.
Sometimes to a man began to act, we need another man.
can u explain #tweetcolors ?
Love buffalo
cant wait eitherr . *I Love Aaron*
Thank you for
Brought Dave Eggers' () HEARTBREAKING WORK OF STAGGERING GENIUS with me as my weekend reading.
In the British Countryside, a Well-Packaged Life Remy Blumenfeld and Henryk Hetflaisz are based in London, but spend much of their time a
Half a season... then he was up outta there. LOL. Our pitching wasn't shit either.
I'm pretty sure the only way to counter their evil spam plan is to provide the real link to pictures of you naked
You are hilarious!
save your money for the NCAA finals
#iReallyHateWhen you have to earn respect and acknowledgment when it's given to others who aren't even worthy
When your day has brought you to its lowest point, go to the drum practice lab
Ron Paul is straightforward. Small government to the point of crumbling infrastructure, but in the name of freedom.
"Over the years I have learned that what is important in a dress is the woman who is wearing it." ~ Yves Saint Laurent
whoa. RT : Bought glorious goods at Weather so beautiful in DC, it makes my soul horny.
No Problem. What's some of the most Challenging Aspects of being an Actress on TV/Movies, etc?
you need to get a background!
If u can't stand the heat... GET THE HELL OUT OF TEXAS
The book. But now I'm thinkin All you see is crime in the city. Black Star was the sht.
yeah and u keep blowing those pipes Lol . Cristiano ronaldo 10x better than messi in everything.
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
I LOVE FREAKY HOODRAT BYTCHES! THEY DA BEST! I KEEP IT 100!
Yup that was it! Don't see too many of those around, especially at a baseball game ha.
I wouldn't mind seeing Yann Tiersen at First Ave on Saturday!
Woot! We're excited. Working on naming a special drink and will be posting the event info / twtvite on Tues. Thank you!
what do you many by everybody? Only certain people
Hit me up ASAP
Did you find them? I did....finally. Why did they change the layout? There was no reason to.
I tried to go see a pirate movie, but they wouldn't let me in
Thank you for tweeting our blog! Much love :)
"Private companies now control nearly half of all detention beds... according to government figures." End this now.
I agree about the location but the sushi and sashimi's superb. Had Charlie's choice!
thanks, get some sleep why is u up
now incl frig/satellite dish and all set RT : This sports parent thanks whomever invented the fold-up camping chair
My dream jobs: astronaut, major league baseball player, sports talk radio host, Blair Waldorff.
BRIDGING THE MUSIC PRESENTS COLORADO SOLO ARTIST AWARDS MAY 16, 2637. Welton St. DENVER CO. TICKETS $6 for info 720-341-8727
have to give the credit for Preppy Fist Pump
I'm now following on here, tumblr, and instagram... Crazy huh lol
Are you a doer?
I love that game.. user name BrryDeep
Why don't they make a 'chocolate Jesus on the cross' for #Easter? I'm tired of bunnies and eggs.
Watching Storage Wars has apparently really improved my game in this business! Coming home with an Audi A4 :)
Off to Softball love the heat!
damn brings back painful memories.
RJS asked me to get her a valentines day donut. no wonder you and are friends.
Theory: Favre claiming "anguish" to soften the backlash when he signs.
Roseanne blocked me ):
josh hamilton is a #beast! #4HR in 1 game... only 16th time in history! love it. always rooting for this guy.
I'm having a heck of time convincing our team and our clients that we need content first. Any sage advice?
Now that Tebow is in NY, does that mean Ed Werder will be moving out of Dallas to set up 24 hr watch outside Tebow apt with live updates?
Free summerfest event tickets coming your way!
haha it's a good thing i don't care or else I'd feel really awkward right about now
I <3 X-23! I loved Innocence Lost and her series that just ended. Not sure how I feel about Avengers Academy!
I spent 5.10 on the metro for one trip. Washington, you're not cheap.
Oh #Junior #Seau it ain't so!! Brutal loss, sorry San Diego, USC, Miami, Pat, Football fans in general, friends, family..
eating the luxury foods I want and get diabetes and for when the time would come to be on my own I'd just pull the-
An otherwise nice afternoon on the shores of the Potomac
Ready for some #questionsfrombreaking?
Wtf....just say girl teens like not even teens smoking outside this store..
No one has a right to be rich. Therefore, it doesn't apply to equality clauses.
we're all FREE!!! Natalia
Playing pitbull at work. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
This was used by myself and another friend. It's half true. Our homework was due, and we didn't even start it, so our excuse was that my ...
I think she'll likely come out wearing only a terrible towel. That's what I'd do.
An approaching deadline at work? Be sure to pump yourself up w/ a balance of protein & fiber (think vegetables or healthful carbs).
Beautiful Day.
Just learned about it today!
In Fondy with for her last WAHA festival ice. It's always special to watch my kids do stuff they love.
Single looking to settle....had my fun for a year
was there an earthquake today? my stack of books toppled over...
Hold yourself accountable or fail!
Key trends: SoLoMo, ubiquitous, geolocated, data flood, & always on
We were 1 once, but nvr again, the past is behind us and our grand future is waitin to come
Here, instead of Mahomie 4 Life, let's try and trend ALWAYS SUPPORTING MAHONE. (: sorry about the change!
Are the Pacers ever again going to play on national TV? Like if they make the Playoffs is ESPN still going to refuse to broadcast them?
working too much. missed you too :)
so guess what lovable face appeared on the stamp of the congrats card I got from my grandmother!~
: Thanks Katie! I'm glad you think so! :)
i will kick you ..
:-O and a blush
Dr - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too. May retirement be great & your wine great too!
i need new friends...
you really are
Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch the host of the 700 club? He's a jerk...
coming to UK.. I want to see you!:'(
Umm….some of these are horrifying. Horrifying, yet awesome. I like/am scared of the Tim Curry, House MD, and Gary Busey
RT : #Learning friends
Funny that the source reporting #Braun decision is "imminent" is ESPN, who threw him under the bus in the first place.
IT Staffing Ratios are out! Request a copy today! Snapshot of staffing benchmarks from Gartner, Inc, Computer Economics and HDI
Who goes to the gym when you can go to new Hampshire? Not me and
Tomorrow is Sample Saturday ! *Awesome!*
The upright see and rejoice, but all the wicked shut their mouths. Psalm 107:42
Hey there! How does an actress get seen for #BookOfJoe without an agent submission? #HelpAFellowLI'erOut! #ShamelessSelfPromo!
re Love Exhibition. You prob.already know about Exploratorium's fabul. Love Tapes from 1980s. If not talk w. staff who remember.
girl! I know that's right!!
Going to my first rap metal nerdcore show tonight you guys.
That is luck. I hope you find some great things. Have fun going crazy!
This game here! These officials are so lucky they're not here in Memphis, because I'd be waiting on them to exit that building
“I’m sorry for the loss of your son. I did not know how old he was. I did not know if he was armed or not.” ~IOW all black yung boys r armed
Hahahaha! I just laughed out loud in a thrift store.. now all the hipsters are giving me dirty looks. xD
Mom's birthday party later! even though i'm not even invited .. -.-
That was the coolest thing ever.
JOTR to finish.
Dee, just picked up #ShutUpAndGiveMeTheMic . Can't wait to dig in!
OMG BLINK 182 IS SERIOUSLY AMAZING AND I WAS HONORED TO BE IN THE PRESENCE OF THEM TONIGHT. YOU GUYS PUT ON THE BEST SHOW!
Once Upon a Tooth... a Fairy's Tale is now available for download in the iBookstore and iTunes!
Happy 37th birthday to the best an baddest linebacker EVER Mr. Ray Lewis.
I love the convenience of the changing table, it's the perfect height. What am I ever going to do now that Ella is getting to big! Advice?
Our show tonight features 8 performances on both floors. crazy legs, dub locks, sometimes...
Random observation: I love traditional Italian cooking! Easy to prepare, simple ingredients, BIG flavors....
thanks man, I worked hard at tweaking the code for spreadshirt so that it two can fit in timline for facebook.
lol, it took less than a day for Wade to back off his "should be paid for olympics" comment
I like when i look at my phone's google search history and the first one says "i just had sex with an animal"
lol thank you Brandon that's what I'm trying to figure out!! Hahah
arent't all girls ?
yeah man, good hang. Enjoy those jangly nuts!
#TheSexWasGreatWhen you walk outside and your car is covered in paint and wood stainer...
Oh my god snow!! Does not give you the excuse to drive like a moron! Lol
sad misunderstanding and lack of research. Thank you for voicing your opinions.
OH, ALMOST FORGOT...( I also wanted to rub in that I am going back to sleep now while you ninnies run around in the dark.)
Wine & cheese with
hahaha how rude!! ;)
man, just 50 pp in, but it's so very, very much my pleasure...
wow that's awesome. But again more like ancient artifact than "antique"
Thanks. :) Josh built the site, by the way.
Hopefully I'll remember to do it! Unfortunately, no pictures because camera is down.
Aye young homie what ya trippin on? Looking at life like how did I get it wrong..
I expect a reply as soon as you find it. 99.9% that's NCAI though.
Such a complex love.
I want to go in a hot air balloon. I also want to ride in a blimp. Just in case you care....
Seriously too tired to be driving home....
Cal... In Berkeley.
The reaction I've seen is not so much surprised,& mostly giving kudos. Lack of disclosure is disappointng, tho.
Follow-spree :P
Arsvitis by Moselland is in, we have a holiday scene and winter scene filled with tasty Riesling.
not yet my mang
200 on each blog. I only realized this when I had to edit them all!!
jus shut up nd txt me
Plan in my world wide trip with Anabel B-)
": Oh Kathy, that sucker was licked up 5 minutes after I got it! ;) Had a blast with you!!!" LOL!! you too :)
Stop throwing thrash on the ground for someone else to pick up. Also, stop throwing gum on the ground, sidewalks and floors.
Thank you. We greatly appreciate it.
Got a feeling the Toon Squad pulls this one out in the end, you guys.
More people smoking weed today than drinking
I can cover up the cuts with foundation. I have no hydros or weed or cigs so theres no proof
Happy 4th of July! Be thankful for all the little freedoms in America that we so often take for granted!
my city cut throat...
Courage is not the absence of fear. It's acting in the face of fear.
Follow me :-)
Just returned from meeting with 100 other Information professionals and leading the session for first timers on networking and learning fro…
If Bosh is out all of sudden the Cs might have a legit shot at the title.
My pleasure. I can't stop laughing at it either.
don't tell my boss!
just grateful to have had power when we woke up this a.m.!!!
When Your Gone I Just Touch You But Your So Far Away
#PleaseFollow me to get good health information and other useful links. I also provide health tips for
When you dance you'll set the world on fire
I really hate the movie Cyberbully.
lol smh I'm not craving it today
PHOTOWALK HERE IN AUSTIN, TEXAS THIS WEEK. Details on my wall.
Casting notice that has the gall to demand of "serious actors only" should be a union production. Serious actors don't do non-union.
U know who the Sox should use? That Santos guy! Oh way, never mind. #Twins have a solution, never be in a save situation!
greatest power is knowledge
If you haven't already, be sure to check our music out on facebook. facebook.com/attempttofail, If you like Rock, you won't be dissapointed
Going away drinks for at MACNIVENS (if its not scottish its crap!) On Friday! Be there!
WH on jobs report:"much more remains to be done to repair the damage." || But what?? And when?? (h/t )
I want to have a date
We can print and finish #custom banners in any shape or size. See our catalog and all the products Olympus Group offers:...
RT : 12 Reliable Tips For Selling Your Home In 2012: Consider that of the homes that took four months or more to sell......
Which point guard from the '09 Draft (post Jennings) would you most want to have: Jrue, Lawson, Maynor, Teague or Collison?
Craving a green chile cheese burger.....
The fact that I still have food thag I brought with me to Disney is really nice
heyy gurl!! i havent spoken to u in a while, or seen ur face wahh :( so excited for snl tonight!!! i hope hes funny though lol
A million feelings. A thousand thoughts. A hundred memories. All for one person
Anybody can say something real, but not everybody is about the shit they talk about.
Onstage auditions today and the color printer is out of commission. Kinda hard to print headshots...
Thanks for the follow
Happy International Women's Day To All The Wonderful,Beautiful, Fabulous,Amazing,Blessed Women In The World!
Long wait is over!Boyfriend music video tomorrow!
The Internet is one of our most valuable tools. Use it to the MAXIMUM. Let's get this movement going VIRAL!!!!!
I need an adventure...right now
My first question for all tech troubleshooting is if the thing is powered on. The first suggestion is to restart it. :)
Yay Randy! Also enjoyed your show at the Taper!
I stayed home my nigga >:O & do you want me to take the thing tomorrow?
Nice win Nugs!
yeah, I'm sure your reporter was *made* to lie in a dark bedroom.
I want that boyfriend who understands me like I understand him cause we both boss niggas :)
Calc exam today
JUST 2 MORE DAYS!!! 2 MORE DAYS UNTIL THIS GIRL GETS TO MEET ! :) :) As you can see...I'm SUPER excited!! :D
Follow Back?
Hitting 4 homers in a game has TOTALLY changed the appropriateness of giving Josh Hamilton a contract extension.
Where in Canada?
I need me some season 3 fix. I can't wait. Maybe we should get Showtime.
Lmao I had that same stripping feeling last night too
Not likely but love to see it...Shock the World Tebow!!!
so excited about the future of !!!!!! HUGE NEWS COMING SOON!
(1) I generally don't take to Twitter for protesty/social injustice talk (I'm too verbose) but I do have one question:
great catching up last night. Thanks for the suggestions!
Done. Please check email immediately and follow up with me asap. Thank you.
Let's make it happen! ;-) RT You r quoted in our Favorite Tweets of the Week and r entered 2 win-stay tuned!
not sure but I'm pretty sure we can fix that
oh thanks for letting me know! Love that you're teaching HS kids
We #Welcome #NATO and #Occupy have a good meal..see a show!
oh funny, i didn't even notice the building haha
Tonight at 9: see people sit on bus after escaping a mundane tragedy.
"live to give" invest in any restaurants? I need an investor. yo, I'll cook for ya anytime, show ya what I can make! ya dig?
avoiding the heat this afternoon by seeing a movie.
Where can I get a ginger bread house kit?
keep your car on the road your on the right path only GOD can judge you have my support hommie!
in the car! Lol, what about you?(:
did she teach that lesson well enough ,cus yo behind did not learn based off my experiences
Everything that comes in threes tends 2 be special & #ICA's Tale of the Three Composers is no exception Join us on May 22: www.icamusic.org
follow me an I will give you a cookie. (:
will be running 10 min late
Thanks, Lisa. Check out my latest Tweet!
Our love was so comfortable and broken in <3
Great read so far. It's history well and entertainingly told.
Good morning Grand Rapids! Did I miss anything while I was away?
I, like pigeons, am full of crap.
Good morning #twitfam The condensation on my window pane tells me the days is already brightening up ;D
Thank you Anna!! Hugs!!
I've explained that if I could spell, I wouldn't have to work in radio. Should be over quickly unless they spot me Þhe
That's the gov approach to just about everything. and i think it's called: Not getting it. .... and....
Like sands through the hourglass, there goes my teeth into your back.
Watching the western conf finals, lets go lakers!
I love future husband! <3
Couldn't figure how to comment on the fox retweet; I just thought it was hilarious. Obama delcared war on marriage! That's right, war!
they're both important
thanks for reply,for tweets and contests-starting to think real secret to your success is never sleeping! U R INSPIRATION!
Did you know you could get up to 20% off your homeowner's insurance when you install a monitored security system?
At #totalbent with ! Love Stew & Heidi's music so hard.
Up since 3 in the morning and now stuck on a plane in Louisville waiting for the weather to clear
Now I'm thinking , Welcome to the Adult World ! O.o
"Angry Birds Space" got to steal that
...these meetings are MANDATORY if you're a DJ, but if you can't make it, email us at
played your music in Toronto and Montreal! Wish I made a video of it! But one girl liked the flow!
We're gonna resurrect the Kanye/VMA meme for Hulk, right? "Loki, I'ma let you finish but..."
#phillyin7 .....oh wait
Ok. It's alright with me something are just ment to be and when it does I'm already gone
3.12.12 <3 this dude got me caught but im in a effin pickle....lets slow it down.
Glad to hear it! It's truly an incredible resource.
Hospital meditation centers feel a lot like the Bajoran temple on the promenade of Deep Space Nine. No orbs, though.
Don't worry because worry makes stress & stress stumps creativity
told you! Take her in the back of a car & have sex xD
The grave of Manuel Antonio Cháves, who destroyed Confederate supplies at Glorieta Pass, in the Civil War, has been found near San Mateo.
Oh Eddie O, you're the one thing NBC's hockey coverage does right!
I love you more!!!!! And that blonde stripper who I would do up and down Hahaha anyways I'm so glad I got to see you monkey
On da way to micky D's
Irritation on a hundred , thousand , trillion .
U still ugly
Life's too short to always take the fastest route.
Oh yeah you right I am gay "Full of happiness" lmao
Revere might be here but Emerald Lounge is on its way...excited to open our doors!
wait, do you have an Old kitty you don't want anymore?! :( haha! I was just saying I want a kitty and a dog too! Love animals:)
at least you get a break, right?
RT : Broncos Fever is sweeping through Ram Country! #GoBroncos!
too excited for work tomorrow. gonna be a workaholic this summer, and I'm okay with that :)
text you when i get service
I find her irresistibly annoying
There is a small chance that I will let a pro cut and flat-iron my hair and get my bob fix that way. Small chance.
Listening to -Eyes on You and mom had a deep head nod groove goin... Lol she was feeling it
please follow me?(: Get to meet you tomorrow!
I love to travel too. Am in Florida this week...how about you? Any exciting travel plans?
So I gave them over to their stubborn hearts to follow their own devices. Psalm 81:12
Good night friends :)
The pictures taken at the Jeremih concert will be up tonight!
I hereby nominate Nelson Cruz as the rightful heir of the "Mr. October" mantle.
figured he would go all Alec Baldwin on any flight attendant who told him to turn off his phone
you're the only one entertained by this.
nice - sometimes it just takes fresh eyes
Im AT The Hoteellllll!
Essential Sensing Technologies &amp; Methods to Be Featured at Sensors Expo &amp; Conference
YOU DON'T KNOW ME.
It's a legit question.. Are the klids these Days still into the E? Is that hip? I need to know the lingo...Can't be a square
I'm hungry
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts. – John Locke
when are you and coming to the Bus? We went from <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0083>to <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>and I don't see u two!
Disruptive innovation is changing more than the way we operate...it's changing how we think!
i saw ur earlier tweet..... i know my house is boring but did u have 2 say it on twitter.... thts all
Good morning. Due to technical difficulties the end of the world has been postponed. Sorry. Have a nice day.
wishing to experience -50 degree...hm..hahaha never mind...
Horton, Thx for all the mentions. Susan
thank you for you tweet! :) It was really sweet, I'm glad you enjoyed reading my tweets. Happy Friday!
Aight well just get at me when you get off
Happy Labor Day, Twitter. I guess you don't get the day off, though.
Support the local fighters at the UPRISING press conference and weigh-in today at 2pm in the showroom
#YoureGoodInMyBook if you're a firm believer in earning respect before you gain it
Did you know that the new GreenLine will serve popular destinations including Bayshore Mall, UWM, downtown and the airport?
Not that I'm aware of at this moment.
Yes love, we do! We carry Odin, Truefitt and Hill, and Bond No. 9...I def. think you are a Truefitt guy, come see me this week~
wats good with sum beats... Lets talk sum serious business
Damn hoping they were going to announce Jak and Daxter 4 yesterday since it was the first Jak and Daxter's birthday yesterday
Just picked up some great holiday gifts at in ! the cocktail colorfully rings are just the cutest!
that's a dirty lie
“: Dear cold: I'm done with you. Please leave now. I'm taking my life back. -xoxo t” Ditto!
: Hashtag this one so we can all know the answers.
oh ya
haha u know it(;
Weagle weagle WAR DAMN EAGLE, kick em in the butt big blue!!!
Same shit get old and eventually feelings change
Now everybody shut up! Fringe is on.
LaRussa is a piece of garbage!
16 hr hustle yesterday and lacing up my track shoes for another one today.
they are really good!
Thank you for the re-tweet love!
I'm a little drunk on you, and high on Summertime.
Send me your Tumblrs, and I'll follow you(:
Happy new year from the west coast!
3/4 of Arneis is off to Puebla, Mexico! Broadening our horizons a bit and playing music by Mexican Baroque composers from Puebla.
Good to see and hear that positve energy. All the best to you.
he's in Vegas all week do he is off
Don't let a single dream go to waste..
happy birthday! Have a great day. :)
For especial offers and up dates join our fan page on facebook! E-mail the contact information and you will get a 15% your next visit!
do you think tech companies like Apple and Google help or hurt journalists?
I don't know what it would look like, but I know it would be fantastic. Count me in.
not at all!
Open the door and let'em in! Yeah! Someone's knockin' at the door…
Trying to resist the urge to text someone who has been a dick to me more times than I can remember.........must fight..........
Omg just called my friend PRETTY ! I'm so happy for you
Connect with me on facebook at DenieceWardBarnes/facebook.com
Watched Shaun of the Dead at work and won 2nd place in the costume contest. Good day.
We all know you're just a David Stern fan. I mean it's obvious.
Someone please bring me food to Vitense!
you're right and the Devils always play Rangers tough Far from over + Rangers have to prove they can take control of a series
Didn't play great but got the win and hit the game winner thanks to new kicks were grwat moving on up to D1
finding nemo is a classic
But we'll probably miss each other and you'll find us working at a local brew haus
hello. I cleared out my email. :) can you resend it?
blew it up tonight!
We are challenging everyone to call in from 1-2pm for our TCC Twitter POWER HOUR with a $25 donation at 720-855-3247!!
Im planning my trip to LA so i can see Deray. dude so damn funny I usually follow him to just about every city he performs in. I cant wait
It's our nature: Human beings like success but they hate successful people.
You can bend light, but not time. Prove it.
could you play Stay the Same, or any of Danny's solo work.
My pleasure!
#FBSci "Know your audience" marketing on Facebook is not that different than Marketing in general
We'll keep you updated but a reminder - Cummings is on w @ 9AM & @ 10AM re GSA & Secret Service scandals
forgot your iPod, I see...
I am happily dating my boyfriend, but that doesn't mean I won't click on the picture of a friend's hot friend on
thats pretty awesome
It's in your mailbox
It's my birthday and Against Me! White Crosses re-issue comes out.
drove to the 1-yd line before a scoop and score on a fumble. They'll be OK.
I thought you had Polish in you (Insert awesome joke)
Suicide is a tragic event with strong emotional impacts for its survivors and for families of its victims. Please learn the warning signs
You know very well he's chuckling at the memory of it. Romney is the worst of the assholes.
thinking???<---anything for Kobe...can I get you some coffee Mr. Bryant?
Made ground turkey stroganoff for lunch today!
shit. Not gonna make it. “: Frieze New York will be closing in 15 minutes. #FNY12”
I don't follow golf as much as I did when I was younger, but I still get pretty giddy about the Masters.
Did you know Print1Media offers great design services for a reasonable price? Let us design your next business card, brochure or post card
How to support #wellesleydh (cont.): give up being the only expert on your topic...collaborate, collaborate, collaborate!
i am going to miss the coyotes :-(
with the internet this slow it's just taking me longer to complete my procrastination breaks.
Forbes Thought Of The Day “ Vanity is a mortgage that must be deducted from the value of a man".
yeah same way here, but its everything way too many people get caught up in all that and lose sight of what really matters
What?! I thought that's what social media was all about...
Is a gym rat!
RT : Follow and Visit www.powerhouseorlando.com for event updates, pictures & videos!!!
Speakeasy this Saturday. email for details...
great! looking forward to making you fat in your tummy area. :)
Back on iPhone
thats what dads do it takes a man to come to him and let him know he loves his daughter in his face
you are the best friend ever Emma
I like to bike, walk, and run around my neighborhood because I get to see all sorts of things I never see, despite our proximity.
Congrats to the car wash winners! - DM us your name and address to claim. Happy weekend to all!
ZillyDilly is based right here in the Windy City. What other native Chicagoans are attending #IRA2012?
Buy 1 get 1 free today on select items at H&M and Forever 21. Ann Taylor $30 off full price sweaters.
Jacob is 12 yrs old and has a mother in Bedford. So articulate and brave to speak to audience.
I'm kinda excited to work all weekend.
To those that know. Want to see something vey funny?? Go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze. It's the first one there
I love the smell of a good salon.
Thank you for following as well. Looking forward to reading your tweets. :)
#AskAlexConstancio HEY WERE DO YOU SEND FAN MAIL??? FOLLOW ME???
you dont mention the winner's names in the article, it just says "cc"
If coupons weren't part of a typical sunday paper, how many subscriptions would decline? Clipping coupons are a thing of the past.
A taste for irony has kept more hearts from breaking than a sense of humor, for it takes irony to appreciate the joke which is on oneself
Off to bed... Praying tomorrow will be a better day
It's always a great day when you start it w & his team's smiling faces! It was a pleasure having y'all here this AM.
Oh priorities!!!!
Grapple's is talking at today's at Southampton Solent, do ask him any qs about careers in mobile!
i doubt he lives like 10 or 11 miles away;p.
nice but only those with over 750 ficos can get a loan
Thanks for the shoutout! :) RT This is a random tweet. You guys should follow my cousin,
The only texts I've gotten today are from twitter, thanks for being my friend twitter :)
Ann: Why don't you report to Mitt the crap he's says is offensive to the majority of women? Then maybe you wouldn't have to work so hard...
You really think he knows what a "Page view" is?
Too many people have died over stupid shit like drugs and robberies
the blonde girls so pretty
note on my Yogi teabag tag "Your Greatness is measured by your #Gifts not by what you have." Thought of you 2 <3
That's all I needed to know
Never tell a girlfriend, wen u and yo man goin through it, chances are she happy af on the inside, waitin to slide in yo spot!
I need new music #Boyfriend :)
Great gig at The Tipping Point tonight .. thanks to our old and new friends for hanging out all night!
can't Yelp anymore. Who would have thought?
go die in a well
And if I hit the switch, I can make the aaaaasss drop.
Watching #roadworlds in Manchester train station, cannot recognize anybody in these national jerseys.
need more hours in a day for projects but im good!
my butt's on replay
The winky face at the end of that made us blush a little... ;)
I mean you don't NEED to, I could just show you my flowchart I drew up. Explains a lot.
lol your welcome love you too renee
Hahahaha I kinda love you lol
Wide awake and I have to get up for school in 3 hours.. Not okay.
Yeah! If any team can do it, it's the Bulls!!
Honesty is the 1st chapter of the book of wisdom ~ Thomas Jefferson
All set for a massage. This is gonna be so great. I really need this.
KB from Nonpoint hosts his premier of Rough Cuts @ 9pmEDT right here on www.wsupfl.com. Tune in!
"Mistress of Metadata" that's great... what about for us guy-brarians?
and it still looked like a normal moon in every picture. Seeing the moon live was nice, the pictures were the same old thing.
ok dm you back
buys for 2.5 billion? if true, that's huge. Congrats to !
ran out of body wash so used head & shoulders for soap
“: "Happy Pizza" is a pizza sold in Cambodia topped with marijuana.”<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
The little kids in my neighborhood are so annoying
Just ate like 10 white chocolate mini reeses...
Algebra first thing in the morning? #getthepledge D:
Well today has just been completely shitty. /':
I have renewed my license to bitch for another electoral cycle. Thank you, I am feeling very American today.
Yeah thats Right, keep it moving, i'll hit a old lady lol
is A Legend <3
but ima have to ask you for tequilaa! ;)
My NFL fantasy football team finally made it into the top 5 of my league.
Had a lovely second anniversary with my hunny today. I even got jewelry. He got robot kits. The best part, tho, is having each other.
Im so hot and tired
My pictures never come out right.
RT : Snow squalls pushing into MoCo & Fairfax co. Don't let sunshine out in front of it fool you! Heading to DC next hour.
Hi Michelle - looking forward to joining in on the chat this evening!
RT : about to give away more $scholarships to aspiring young journalists. feels good.
On my way to work
Let him reintroduce himself, his is KOBE, he gets wins by the O.Z.!
great! How's work
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-30
totally. my dadll be like come over for a bon fire and things will get crazy from there haha
I mean dat
What's wrong with your hair, I'm sorry your not "bad" you just look bad-_-
what's good?!
Thanks so much! We appreciate that!
Done with Disney. Now time to go out :D
Just finished the book #OneDay ... having mixed feelings about the ending!! Is the movie worth seeing?
It's "Hillary hang out day" :) when is class over, 5?
Is now being represented by Kazarian Spencer Ruskin and Associates!
I'm looking for ideas for dinner on Christmas day in Seattle. Do you have any restaurant suggestions?
You can never convince an insane person that they are wrong
Avril are cook!
Hate when my dad smokes in the car. Especially while I'm here <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
that's right....you showed them...just keep acting with dignity, it's its own reward...
Dear the UK, guess what, Americans don't have Christmas crackers! What kind of crazy world did I land in?!
- Favorite moment: the last line of the Constitution. Sent chills down my spine! Tremendously inspirational.
More workshops underway for today! Making workshop at 1pm, 601 Tully - construct materials for the Feb. 18 performance
Missing you... I have all this ono kine grindz to eat all by myself. :(
Facebook is the adult way of having imaginary friends.
Self-respect.... get it before you expect anyone to want you around them.
What are the rule/perks to each? PDF, downloadable, stupid splash page on mobile? etc.
Ever take a shit so intense you had to take off all your clothes?
thank you! ^ag
Don't ask me what the meaning of life is. You define it.
#ILikeItWhen sings(: it awakens my soul a little more each time.(:
Crown on the Ground Wtf.... Who writes this shit?
Facts are stubborn things. ~ Ronald Reagan
Just FYI writers, John's Hopkins is in Baltimore NOT DC.
Hey Sweetie, can you dm your email address and phone. I can't find it.
10x10 play festival at Fells Point Corner Theatre tonite features a play by Mr Delirium, Survey Pro. Awesome event!
Ugh hangover
that's so annoying -__- I'm a girl , he is a boy ! Boys have to make the first move !
Sorry for that random act of random... Just posted what was on my mind.
hey where have u been?
David Camp- we sold our last piece in 2008. This economy kills the artist's identity.
SIN Night is in full swing! Come on out and end you 'Manic Monday' on the right note...
tell them Bro!!!!
I am all dance competioned out. ..
not sure about other parts of the city but this one connects the Frost Bank Tower to the Municipal Plaza
Black George Michaels
haha austin got
Oh Em Ge. Twitter, Please Fix This Problem !
granny tryin to get u some! U better listen or when u go over there tomorrow she gone ask u again lol
Listening to Guy's I Like got me back on task.
I love twitter so much like for real<3
The restaurant industry is projected to expand in 2012, according to the National Restaurant Association's 2012 Restaurant Industry Forecast
Twinning rocks! What a great night at the Palace Theatre Newark with the Ransome Reunion Band.
WHAT? this is my go-to move when this situation happens... must reassess all social interactions now
no skip it fag,
hey kie. triangle>fiji
Is it in stores yet? Also, does it have a surprise ending? I hate to think I already know how it ends...
REFILL SATURDAY PRE-MOTHERS DAY CELEBRATION @ MARIOS 2NITE* FIRST 20 LADIES GET IN FREE & FREE DRINK COURTESY OF &
learned to jam so well.
Thanks again. Have a great day!
Turning an upper division course for majors that meets twice a week into a once-a-week course for non-majors does not, in fact, equal fun.
you listen to them also :o?
Perhaps. The one good recruiter I worked with actually had LinkedIn recommendations. It set him apart.
I just finished a 3.44 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Good morning. After spending the week with JX and Kit, I am anxious to read the next book. Is Sept the projected release month?
Line weakening as it moves toward Montgomery-Auburn.
Look forward to having you down here!
hey i miss u and Kayla
Im glad the Fakers lost.
Emergency officials: Houses destroyed by reported tornado in Alabama, no word of injuries
Yep.. You Did
watch tv check tumblr and go to bed at like 9 now I'm crying I hate life sigh why do we breathe did you write that email yet?
of course! Done:)
yea I do. In my schools showchoir but yea releasing my first single soon!
nothing. Interesting right? I know.
Congratulations to Matt Toledo Publisher & CEO of LA Business Journal for completing a 3 day solo bicycle ride from San Francisco to Malibu
Thx for the welcome to Twitter
Last day of babysitting this week is officially over thank god
my back hurts, I'm having a shitty day. I'll be so glad on May 30th.
Just a heads up, if you tweet about Lindsay Lohan, even ironically, you will get some odd responses from people you don't know.
is lier a word ?
Thanks for including :-)
I'm afraid of looking stupid - barrier to faculty engagement.
Up early in the gym workin on my fitness. Massive heater the last half hour last night was fun. Hopefully I can keep it going today.
can't be serious
Needs some new good tunes to vibe to....Anybody have any artist suggestions?
who was it? A fellow #kw peep?
There are just too few excuses to wear brown these days..
#ItGetsMeMadWhen kids get out of line wit they parents... i remember when i got my ass beat for even THINKIN some shit wrong.. smh
Want coffee sucka
why jealous?
Of course both.. ;-) RT Which one? ****please say both, please say both****
my bestie is a man whore, just thought i'd let ya'll know :)
I thought the same exact thing. Good quality night huh?
NAMC members..send corporate logo to for posting on NAMC website.
At Phoenix Landing, drinkin a beer, listening to my boy Bebo and my girl Julia play some reggae dub! Here's to forbidden Tuesday nights!
What do you think about SOPA?
Hubert Davis is so hype right now!!! Definitely a biased journalist & I love it!!
Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt
I can't believe the disrespected Mike Mussina's number by giving it to Bill Hall... what's that about
This. RT : STARTUP IDEA: invent a printer that isn't a complete piece of shit.
Does anyone wanna buy my trampoline
When I get in a great space mentally, and let go of negative self talk, I attract unexpected wonderful surprises. Life amazes me today.
Oh, really?
He if ain't acting right then find someone who will
"Winners never cheat and cheaters never win" is one saying that everyone knows isnt true
Always press "Live" after watching replays on your DVR. Otherwise, you dont know wat ppl are talkin bout on twitter until about 3 min later.
and I forgot my nitro! Have fun! I got my kids in bed!
HOWEVER... I will rock my white dinner jacket in clubs/bars year round.
Thanks, JN! Me thinks this v relevant to @
It's also a good day for Brittain Fellows to remember that was a fantastic Max for Halloween in 2010.
Forgive my ignorance, but can someone fill me in on what the hell the Met Gala is?
NCCMLS Members: TODAY ONLY For Every Listing entered on the NCCMLS today earn 1000 impressions for your Banner Ad! www.nccmls.com
Tune in to at 3pm to hear out co-artistic director #JamesRoday chat about & #LAthtr !
Hi could you help trend #1DTweetLauren for ? She's an 11 yr old girl who got paralyzed in a car accident
them through amazon. I bought a book because I would rather support Barnes & nobles than amazon. You can borrow books for
yeah, i seem to be a target wherever i go. (shhhh -- i love it!)
Chicago streets were dead this morning; I guess that explains why I saw a Caprice Classic wagon cosplaying Ecto-1.
Best Dressed had to be Gweneth Paltrow!
if that were the case, you would have seen my wand in action! That, however, was not the case.
EMI is just the company to make it happen, GH
#Thankyou to all my followers, particularly the newer ones. Love #Twitter, but don't spend as much time on it as I should. I'll get there!
Copped some vinyl today. Can't wait to hear what's on them.
COWBELL!!!! Its good to be alive!
I just earned the Master badge on #Yelp!
"Go Ask Alice" best book ever. it sold over 4 million copies.:))
Deborah, thanks so much!
Adding to your insomnia-don't go to bed yet-Tips to sleep like a baby. reports on next.
Next drawing will be at midnight! #GoodLuck!
Windy, cloudy -- but dry -- weather ahead; red flag warning issued
On bot! He's going down
gotta keep a backup in the desk. It's a must.
Also, the Reapers as a colonialist power in Mass Effect is quite interesting.
on my way!
Harry Vaughan~ If you cant stand the heat get out of the kitchen.
Jerking off to your pic.
are you insinuating that POTUS kept unmplymnt artificially high for 2012? RT : CAMPAIGN TIME: UNEMPLOYMENT RATE DROPS TO 8.2%
Thx! and great list!
Do you listen to I Break Horses? Solid shoegaze/dream-pop. I'd wondered if they were named after the Smog song—turns out they are!
Kayla Jackson '86 talks about growing up in DC and how it shaped her involvement in non profits.
Ready to spin tonight! People already here for Latin Gold Thursdays! in Hotel #ABQ! 9pm-Close!
pretty sure there's a photo of this happening somewhere on fb..
I hope Snooki doesn't have any problems delivering her baby. She'd hate to hear the doctor say "We've got a little situation here..."
Holla at the puerto. When we all goin out again?
hahaha so sensitive im joking but w.e.
could be raining cats and dogs tonight
Definitely one of my favorite quotes: To be loved is to be fortunate, but to be hated is to achieve distinction. Minna Antrim
Almost forgot to pick my mom up at the aero puerto. Oopsies
Trying to fight off this cold, way too much going on to get sick right now
#808Pride dont jump into dating someone cause u never no if they will have their arms open to u
my new fav movie is 'the grace card' its an amazing movie. I bawled through it. It opened my eyes.
I later found it was an adaptation of "Lord of the Flies" by William Golding (which was required reading at some point).
grandmas house!
that teddy bear is soo cute
cool cool :) haha i saw mr. k at a fancy mcdonalds i was like oh ahahaha
This is your father...I insist you go throw snowballs!
Come by and support your SF GIANTS. get your Coors Lights all night long!!
Name one thing betta than the movie The Wiz? Its pretty hard to do.
i spilled starbucks all over my purse now everywhere i go im gonna smell like a carmel frappucino
I love lamp!!!
If i hear someone call ugly i'll be like SHUT THE FUCK UP you want him.Bitches get mad! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
yea that was a good chance! Glad he buried the game winner. Great win even though the Rangers got outplayed
I totally agree with the compromise. I'm glad someone will bring it up.
instant human---better than a Polaroid!
#shoutout to . How tweet she is!
that is CRAZY!!!! your show is one of the wittiest on tv... :(
Fireworks on the Hudson tonight!
OMG i know! how awkward is it to make eye contact with a singing person...
": think I can trick into taking me to see Beauty & The Beast in 3D tonight? time will tell. #WilyCharlatan"
Does anyone else panic about making the gravy? Share a great recipe please! -Kristin Burns
Super Lemon Haze and Vanilla Kush is here. Come in for you discount.
Well I am glad I could make your day then :)
Students visas abused as 50,000 enter UK for employment not studies: Government's migration controls failing as ..
aww what happen??? You still don't hit me no more
looks unanimous. Thanks, fellas.
One thing I wanna do before I die: give Justin Bieber a hug and tell him how much he means to me.
Great day! Power hour & a half at the gym. Good biz meeting. Great #Pens win over Philly! Now a beer and more hockey!
when have you ever heard me say I'm in peace?
no I do sing but..... Once in a blue moon!
Hey guys! Be sure to pick up Bring Me The Horizon's, Chiodos', and Abandon All Ship's NEW ALBUMS! THEYRE ALL AWESOME!Tell us what you think!
Live music tonight with COVERZ INC. ! Bring your friends! Bring your friends friends!!! Drinks specials all night
Estrada with his 2nd consecutive start not allowing a hit through 1st 3 innings...let's hope this turns out better than Monday.
Yikes. RT : Remember this day. 551-day-old Instagram is worth $1 billion. 116-year-old New York Times Co.: $967 million.
Why did you tell me this now AT 5:33? Let me talk to coach...
I wish I didn't feel a sense of inadequacy with regard to the word "tolerance." But I do prefer inclusion, acceptance.
I love you duct tape feet man. You'll forever be in my heart.
besides the fact that it's AWESOME, delicious, and cheap?? 5 stars. :)
No problem!(:
Man, this is a long drive to Nashville!
Duck and run
so how old are you?
Waiting for "The ugly:" tweet.
New followers makes a happy DJ even happier!!!!
Reminder: created a handy list of #thatcampphilly tweeps: /thatcampphilly (let know if you're not on it!)
It's ok to kiss a fool. It's ok to let a fool kiss you. But never let a kiss fool you.
cough VERY loudly a few times. if that doesn't work, start fidgeting a bit. Hopefully that'll wake him up.
We're still chugging away at Audio Addiktion's new website! Hopefully it will be live soon!! :)
getting ready for the CRAFT PUNK FASHION SHOW!! Friday the 13th of August at the Launchpad.
"Written in the stars"
No not today..
Fuck it. I'm going to open another bottle wine because I can ;) x
I bow to your superior twitter etiquette.
So nervous lets go Reed!
Hence why I say, God, Family, then work, church, etc.
You shall have no foreign god among you; you shall not bow down to an alien god. Psalm 81:9
Um, ding?
Guess who is going to the pool party today. See ya ja
"building the choochoos?" Why does this man (Del. McDonough) think we should take him seriously?
Wrote an e-mail tonight that twice featured parentheticals w/in parentheticals.
Obnoxious lirr convo. Long Island accent at "11." Hate crime to my ears.
3 miles this morning and 7 miles tonight including 15 hill repeats. Good start to Feb.
Imparali Custom Tailors are offering $100 discount on custom suits !
I'm bored can someone tweet me something?
That grass fed burger w/ bacon at is no joke.
Welcome to the party!
Your a brave man! Never know what lurks in the fog!
“Life is no game. There are no cheat chodes. If you mess up, you can’t press the restart button.” Teamfollowback
Yes, there are a lot of chapters in that area. The important thing is that you're active and financial somewhere.
Looking forward to having a beer with ya bro RT : #scip2012 ok... I kept quiet for an hour or so... :)
kansas looks like shit!
Original Metal Gear (PSOne) on the PSP. So good and such a classic.
showing some H-town love, follow back
: Oakland intersections taken over smoke being seen in the streets 1000s marching marchers masking up ..its on police st ...
.RT : : As a senior with pertinent job experience, how do I effectively communicate "I WANT A JOB"?
Last day Joe Tremaine's interview with #GLEE Choreogrpaher Zach Woodley will be featured on MasterTalentTeachers.com...
If you would not be forgotten as soon as you are dead, either write things worth reading or do things worth writing. - Benjamin Franklin
ha, good point. Just unfortunate timing.
that movie defines my childhood...but now that I say that it makes me realize I must have had a very strange childhood.
Do you believe in magic? :)
Must be nice... To know what happened in the avengers...
lol love you and so happy to see you are doing better!
The weather we're experiencing is better known as the Irish Spring
Timberline Chrysler is on the Chrysler chop list that came out today. Hear from surprised owners coming up in 15 minutes on midday news.
RT : Come to "Rival Schools / Nations Afire" Saturday, May 21 from 10:00 pm to 1:00 am. Opening band: 10pm Rival......
Haha Thank You! Whatever you make my job easy!
an wat is it that you want D?
Transmodern Site is Live www.transmodernfestival.com
Many thanks. Enjoy the week-end.
great twitter page to follow for NYY fans.
goodnight boy!! xx
#Yankees Granderson hits three dingers in one game while across a few state lines #Tigers GM Dombrowski wakes up in a cold sweat...
remind me to put you on the list of people I need to play in Monopoly. Sounds like he was hustling backwards. Lol
I need to go get my hair doin
Thanks for #FF! Happy Friday :)
Best news ever. So Im definitely getting a new car before the end of fall semester. Aye can't wait to say good bye to my chevy
- I can only imagine. This whole situation tears my heart apart. This should NEVER have happened to Trayvon.
I agree but the fact that her family's money gives her less reason for anxiety is my problem.
The feeling you get when the person you like smiles at you
WHoever doesnt is so crazy! haha
Pretty sure that was Ron Wolf's worst #1 pick w/ the Packers.
Seems like u followed da wrong thing dis time #lmao!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Maybe if i could stop thinking about how good things used to be, I might be able to have the strength to leave..--
such good bagels! Where are they from!?
We were hacked, but it's under control. Though we advocate self-care, we don't promote weight loss products. Sorry for any rogue tweets!
only 400 words this morning but that's a start. Now off to my SoulCollage workshop. Back to #amwriting this afternoon if you wanna join!
only if u thnk u r....otherwise, keep charging my friend
Don't forget to change your clocks this weekend - and make sure your DVR is set by show and not time!
what happened
You need to be prepared. Proper preparation and a solid game plan to your approach of #networking will replace that fear with confidence.
bitch obama is finna keep only me and my people in kuwait... im fuckin heated
omg I forgot about philosophy ?!?!? Oh noes lol its looking like im just going to wing it
Did you know? is a huge fan of She watched him during his MMC days.
why not, all good things must come to an end, and a diss in the hand is woth two job offers in the mail
not really....just Debbie Allen's studio. Maybe I should RT...
This subject is fucking morbid.
guess you didn't like that dress that much after all!
Happy Easter!
Hey everyone :)
screw you!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> hahaha. Jk. You coming with me Monday to support the blue boys ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+26BE>
I may look sweet but don't fuckin underestimate me cuz I'll fuck u up no questions asked
December already?! Time sure flies when working with great clients!
This is some truth, here. -> RT I prefer anti-social media. via
Good idea. Thanks for the response!
See's candies -- now _that_ is a California tradition!
ricky thanks for coming to usc yesterday!! it was awesome meeting you. you're inspiring/awesome
Preparing taxes can be hard! Train in our Free Tax Preparation Program and volunteer to help families in need! To RSVP for the Volunteer...
Working tonight ?
Watching two dudes walk a motorcycle on a skateboard down the street.
Many thanks to our guests for being on the show tonight! Thanks for listening to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz!
trying to find another band for this Made Out of Babies/The Family Curse bill @ the Comet...Akimbo is out...Bloodhag?
Follow some of our contributes!
A drummer is a musician's best friend. (from a Martin Mull album)
Jammin out to some && in the car (:
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. :))
Welcome to who will present “The Greater Duty of the Public Health Professional in this Time of Crisis.”
im there
gonna need you to take down the 14th, so I can freeroll the rest of the series
where are you playing?
u dont like the pick?
teaching what? Teaching you how to dougie? DAMN RIGHTI DID
#IDidntTextYouBack because the msg failed to send & all that time i thought you didnt text me back!.
#THEREVIVALTOUR2012 coming to town featuring w/ and others on Thurs. 22nd @ 8pm yeah!
Signs of a dysfunctional organization: too much email, or no email at all.
me and my friends were just at PF Changs and saw you there so happy
Instagram pretty cool
The moment movies with aliens jumped the shark? When the writers of Battleship said "It's a game with an overt water setting? Add aliens"
Game 2, ready to go. Even if Beckett had his thumb checked out by two more specialists... who cares???? Go get 'em Josh!
congrats on your sobriety. Our mission for Newark school kids should be of interest. www.drugfreehomefoundation.org
Got called a communist at starbucks
because you haven't called me yet-.-
these men r. so nasty ..and half of em seen the show before and still fall for it
is reading Writing Your Journal Article in Twelve Weeks: A Gu... by Wendy Laura Belcher -
how did that work out for him?
It's my pleasure. I found out yesterday that "congruence" is also a word, though it sounds like it should not be.
Lakers came to play tonight.
Three dudes blasting slow jams in a 300C.
Happy Birthday to me!.... Thanks for celebrating with me :) , and , ,
Holy crap Len Schlesinger killed it at #rethinkmusic - totally inspiring! He made business make sense to me
I wish Subway delivered!
I want a relationship like in the country music videos
Yeah, but they are full of so many chemicals :(
Oh ! love it
Out of here for the weekend!!! Woo! Have a good one
Ahoy , thanks for serving up the fresh perspective on I hadn't considered your outlook on smaller rewards.
I hear that. I have been with him sober six years and still can 'feel' it when he or I are traveling.
RT : This for real niggas only I still bet with #Kobe ima real nigga
Not feelin this fake follower shit
BJ is running very effectively today..
KBPS.TV wow we are on the grow! Now is the time to join too be ready for syndication. KBPS.TV will do the work you broadcast. Peace King
Yep. That isn't Berry that's Inky ;)
Good Morning Tweeters
Can't wait for Bruce to take the stage!!
sorry! I fell asleep last night. I'm in high school. Hbu?
Coo! Thanks!
stone cold steve austin :P
If you need me, I'll be syncing my iPhone for the next hundred million years.
That girl Avi made her look trajic in the face
What time on May 14th does the Casino open to the public?
You went away, How dare you..? I miss you. They say I'll be okay. But I'm not going too, Ever get over you..!!
Hurt myself in the gym 2day but still had the energy to entertain an entire school with my box o tricks. I think a kid peed his pants!!!
Congrats Ted on Will use service for expansion platform for all things
Get me two pair, cuz I need two pair.
It's only 1pm and I'm already out of battery. Today is going by so slowly.
It really was. I thought the first period was outstanding. Pretty stoked for the Pens/Canucks matchup.
Breaking bread matters says general counsel #lcmo panel - spend time in person w in-house lawyers but talk substance
that is impressive! (and delicious-sounding.) I think i'm going to have to borrow your order next time!
go to bed
I feel like screaming
Money just changed everything I wonder how life without it would go.
Thanks for the RT !
RT : Is Brad Pitt filminig Troy again? he's rockin the longer hair but looks better than ever
I'm an official member of #TEAMSTAYINGIN....So far so good....Happy New Year!
because you're a bigger superstar than her.
Almost done with my coffee #np 'Never Forget You' Noisettes
-comes home, has homework to do- -ask parents if aloud on computer-
hit me up when u can..been getting some calls about jobs for you !!!
John Terry so totally deserved his trip to the showers. So long, #cfc, it was a nice run but it's sure to be over.
thanks. I'll have to look into that.
are you melting?
Coach is a tool
My boys have a new EP out on iTunes today! Almost the top downloaded album for today go get it now!
Everything hertz.
stay pun it.
Working with LA RASA today!
Feels so Good, Chuck Mangione. Hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving! Enjoy any leftovers!
You're very welcom, Lou! I hope all is well. Thank you for a #HireFriday All Star! Have a great weekend!
did you design that case?
I miss you Dieter.you skinny fuck.
Day off, hellz yeah.
Jeff Norris of NASA doing a really cool live Augmented Reality talk on the first Apollo mission.
PickUpLine: I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed cats NOW
Skeptics Day! "Do not let yourself be tainted with a barren skepticism."-Louis Pasteur. So, this is soo my day and my greatest fault. :) :(
RT “: me & my baby I can eat a peach for hours
That's actually what I've been doing, which has eaten into my Twitter time. Working on a new project. How are you?
Yes, #alamw12 exhibitor badge pickup is on one end of attendee reg.
Why must we have finals on the last week of school -_-
": Hey fans -- How many 2012 Monster Energy Supercross races are you attending?" Seattle in April!!!!
#AskObama Do you support the tax code as-is? If yes, why? If no, what type(s) of reform do you support?
Treat #socialmedia as an equal to other communications. Include it in the general communication strategy
#4famouswords lets get sum drinks!
Oh now you wanna say i still look good doe. Hm... Lol you didnt have to tell me that my dude, but dont try and kiss up to me now (:
Ha ha. no worries.
awe thank you rob!! :D
is that where they throw the ball at you
'Mayor Ballard smiled. "When he goes to the Hall of Fame, I'm pretty confident he'll be wearing that Colts uniform.”' --Sadly, he wont
ill be mine own saviour, standing on my own two feet.
Channel surfing last day coverage between ESPN - FSC right now is like taking Megan Fox for a date then waking up next to Rosie ODonnell.
#HappyHalloween everyone! Hope you all get some wonderful treats and goodies! Be safe!
Questions for Men: Does your partner get mad at you if you watch porn?
haha don't mind me, cousin...i'm a crab in the mornings. i didn't know you were on twitter! bitchin!
Thank you for sharing NYC Graffiti Snapshot!
i need a lot of tweets :) 98 more days till my birthdayy :)
im sorry, im not what you wanted. im sorry, sorry i let you down. i could use some poor excuse.
err, i don't know that i can talk to you anymore. not because you're watching, but because you haven't.
"where does the staten island ferry take you?" RT "This girl on fb said she's "riding the Staten Island Fairy."
If my blood was red .......wait......what.....my blood is blue n red n I'm a little white....it got me looking like the American flag.....ha
we need to do better with the ball, keep some possession, but don't be cute and build from back
How does one dress for the rapture- I am about to go shopping and would love some tips!
Congratulations to Amber S. who won the TV! Thank you to everyone who entered, you are the best fans ever!
Another amazing day in California.
#FF nails it every time!
Instead of complaining about what all you have to do today, how about you be Thankful you were even blessed to see it
Thanks for great lunch!
Any sort of music show on a network means total commercialism, which typcially translates to brainless crap.
Hey wanna help me with a survey in my math class?! If you do, i just need to ask you a few sports related ?'s! :) Thanks!xx
Answers appreciated ..."Do women journalists only want to write about 'women's issues'" VIDA : women in literary arts RT
like grindin' freak dancing ghetto?
Things are always different here. Winter storms are worse (though they aren't) bcse of ice; earthquakes because bldgs are weak
Busted. RT " So is this where everybody who isn't on Facebook is hiding???"
RT : "A moral lesson is better expressed in short sayings than in long discourse" ~ Johann Georg Zimmermann
thank you Winnie :)
What songs do you guys want us to put on youtube? Should we do a ustream? Should we do shout outs? Tell us what you think please!
I wouldn't mind a peek...
Welcome new followers:
I love it too! So many pretty tied up bows though. And things happened in one ep that should have taken 10! I'm nervous...
Happ New Year friends and supporters! Here's to new adventures in 2012.
“: Blu played whoop rico last night ^.^”
didU say redemption for Painter??? Who was he throwing it to??? He's terrible
“: Shit ima cook something im hungry” fed me im hungry 2 !! :D
Guess who remembered to hang on to their metro card in order to exit? Won't make that mistake thrice...
omg thanks!!!
Exxon IBM ATT: this is pitiful! Time to get the Masters tournament out of exclusionary Augusta Golf Club. Calendar says it's 2012, not 1912
Attention young voters!! Are you going to the polls in 2012? Why or why not? Call us: 866-578-0903 or email
is beyond fashionably late to this party! I do, however, need a twatter tutor...
updating my #Xenserver #xen home server running #nagios #mediawiki #cacti and some test Linux boxes
Judging same sex couples? Be careful the skeleton in YOUR closet may still have flesh on it!
Voting for and = a great way to start my day!
LA public transit isn't great but I do love jumping on the gold line after a day in Pasadena. I still miss LDN's tube system though!
She can save you money also
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” --Henry Ford
At Starbucks/REI waiting for film shoot & sales meeting!
well im out.
I wish we still had what we used to. </3
home from my williamsburg weekend adventure :) just cleaning and washing clothes all day....
We were meant to be beyond #gmailphonetwitterfail. I prefer you in 4D, the fourth dimension involving __________.
RT : Retweet this if you're sick and tired of the MSM pretending it's the Republicans who are 'extreme' in the debt debate.
dude he just called you rhianna. hell no hold my umbrella
I have lived some thirty years on this planet, and I yet to hear the first syllable of valuable or even earnest advice from my seniors
Counting down ....
Why does the #NBA have to love the stupid #Lakers so damn much. Screw you.
Looks like you beat me to your destination!
When I talk to you, the rest of the world disappears. <U+2665>
Phil was right; you were unwatchable this morning. You owe Andy Card an apology; he barely got to say a word. sometimes, just STFU.
yup im complamenting everybody.. telling dem how i feel
Mr Boehner, no matter how hard you stare, you are not Lord Vader & u cannot choke the prez from across the room :)
Nigga you know ! they playing shit everywhere YOU go!
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist SHOULD'VE KNOWN BETTER- MONICA
“: Great question calling out people on campus only wearing because it's "cool." #prsms” - and it's cold! We live in WI
Somebody woke up on the wrong side of the bed today!! And I make it my duty to deflect all their moodiness and ruin their day not mine!!! :)
Tell me it's strawberry! Those are the best!
& all the time while they talkin that shit they doing it. SMFH
#oscars after an amazing afternoon at the wild animal conservatory!
Awww.. Need a virtual hug.. RT I'm pissed off .
I come in peace, but I need y'all rockin with me. Please.
cinco de mayo eve ;) haha it's your birthday!!!
Rangers>>> back to back home runs!
got any must follows clipper bloggers for this series?
Just heard going in in some Katy Perry..yup its officially Friday lol
Can you believe it? There have been 410 reads of our press release about our auction today. Pitch Engine and Wendy92 you're the best!
See you soon then!
Stop telling me what to do your not my mother. And besides I don't even listen to her either.
Last day of our 60th Anniversary Open House. 1/2 off all garage sale/clearance items. Grillin kosher dogs - lunch is on us!
Hey luv, follow back? <U+E328>
thanks for coming to tanger outlets. i just wish i could have saw you. maybe next time /:
thanks for that article. Perfect timing for the supermoon.
There's a good chance I'll be moving to Mo's McMansion in Belleville. I think just the foyer's bigger than my apartment
Our very own Patrick Gozur is trying stand up for the first time tonight at Hallenbrick Brewery (3817 Hawkins) 7pm FREE!
When is Jeff Bridges going to show up and lay the smack down?
$1 burgers..? what's not to love?!
Just reached their 200th tweet! That's a whole lot of cuteness :)
I would say 25 but that's just ridiculous!
. That was a great video - keep them coming!
I Am So
WAIT! I HAVE A GOOD ONE!
Bare jokes in the dungeon.
Smiling when I think of #Gods love man, our God is so good!
Spacious open interiors feature air conditioning, vertical blinds, dishwashers and large kitchens.
You're my hero/nemesis. Hadn't heard the Miranda Cosgrove song before. When did we become these people?
Thanks for following :-)
RT never give #Permanent feelings to a #temporarY Person
Plan a trip this weekend to one of Ohio's many Native American earthworks, like Serpent Mound or Fort Ancient.
at #ewr on my way to #mci for
About 10 minutes from home, and I am dead tired! BLAH!!!! 10.29.10 <3
Please see for stunningly beautiful & simply mystical lotus artwork. ~ Recommend ~
Visit a park on the lake & spend some time skipping stones together. Have fun and take in nature at the same time.
Pizza Rolls w. Hot Sauce & Ranch (:
I saw 95% of "Its a Wonderful Life", 'til Clarence fails to break through the depression. DVD failed before redemption.
are you implying youll have a future boyfriend?
Again, thanks. I "liked" it and will check it out when I've finished e-mails! Be well.
How is everyone today? :)
yess haha sorry I didn't reply I don't check twitter less someone is talkin to me or I wanna see what people ssay hahah
fair firm and consistent. good mantra Eden. Wish I had your classroom mgmt skills! Will try to get there...
I'm about to get a bunch of stitches on my shoulder blade. :l
That just made me laugh.
Hahaha I so called that nap spot first
Thanks for the follow Dagmar!
Tampa, St. Pete, downtown Orlando. Possibly downtown Miami.
The homeland occupied by Chumash peoples was 1st settled some 13,000 years ago. In 1542, about 20,000 people lived throughout the territory.
Congratulations on today's walk A great idea!
Need to sleep... but has yet to drop some goodies off at our house for a par-tay tomorrow.
lmao its a animal i think? lOl
If you ever have a chance, you should witness the #TuskegeeAirmen recalling their actual experiences!
Haha yeah, it's good. I've pushed off my related article a little bit for something more timely. :)
Passover in Israel. Had Pizza for dinner. That is all I could find on the menu. Real Bread pizza.
I don't even understand why I am crying.
Let's Go #Redsox!! Tied at 7 with bases loaded Do it!!!
Insomnia go visit where you belong -
I can't believe Danny flaked on us.
hi i love ur utube vids i seen u in the mall once please text me 336 422 2830
she has just done so AMAZING and she deserves to win!!!
Whitney's Service took us 2 church 2day!
I fully agree! Being able to romp around all summer without worrying too much about tight fitting clothes=happy. It wont take long
Belichick being interviewed now on NFL Channel sounding measured and smart. Haven't heard give so much info in interview. very cool.
I love you too hunz :-)
Surprising my Mammy in Nashville for a mother's day lunch is exactly what I need today.
#ViolaDavis is beautiful, stunning and fierce in her emerald gown gown and #naturalhair! Brava!
Knows that "this" is not by chance...
Having children makes you no more a parent then having a piano makes you a pianist.
I do lol. One day I will prove it ;) # just give it time lol. Don't start something you can't finish lol.
Thanks for the shout outs!
Y do we take them 4 granted because of there unwavering love.
pretty sure they'll deliver to your house.
sorry i don't tweet a lot, i'm too busy tumblin
lol RT : I suppose one might well wonder whether there are any non-nerdy Atlantic historians, it's true.
you start drunk texting & suddenly you miss him !
Definitely! Let me know when you're in town! I'll be in Vegas a couple days in January.
I always fall for people who would never catch me.
I've not played around much with dry rubs much, but I would like to. I love to do my roast in the crock pot!
Successful: feminism, Mormonism. Unsuccessful: Oneida community.
Had to sleep this evening b/c I work the midnight shift. Sadder I missed #thewalkingdead than the smugfest that is the oscars. Yay for DVR!
Never forget ur friends when ur in a relationship
And at my first PJ show, I only lasted in the crowd for 4 songs, I listened to the rest in the lobby. I was bruised from head to toe.
It's a new season....
I never know if it's there'd or there'll but I do know that that is my all time most ear worm-y ear worm.
Linda Mack is doing Oslund's PR on #Peavey..more than "an advocate for the plan"
When a teacher asks a question, and some kid yells out "dis dick!" >> Lol
Remember to reconcile each month's bank statement to QBO before u go to the next month
A big shout out to all my peeps, Good day ehh!!
now im very edgy on havin girls singing on a track , but i wouldnt mind doing it . She dope !! Great voice
More like 15-year-old, but yeah. Boy, that Taurus sure devalued quickly though.
this stuff has amazed me since I saw demo at Sandia National Labs about 10 years ago. Thanks for sharing the link.
U R welcome, we hope you enjoy it.
have you heard carrie underwood's new song? it's called good girl. it's great! ik you like country, so i thought i'd share ;)
Hey ;P
Check out the latest episode of with from "Quitters" talking about
You'd think there would be no way a deal between the Broncos and a former Colt could result in the #49ers screwing themselves. And yet...
didn't work
Words from my mother-in-law: "you can go to work smelling like that??" ...
had a great weekend just hanging out with the family and going brain dead for a bit.
New music new vibe, new style, its needed in the industry something different. Time now i think, its all to same same
People say I'm like fireworks in a thunderstorm. Granted, it's mainly that I like to scare the shit out of dogs.
Proud to have our ASPIRE program housed at the new center. Great partnership.
Make sure to check out new pics, More coming soon (: X
Heffa Don't Get Snatched Up Lol
I cant imagine the pronounciation of ur name
Look at out there killin
Maximizing shareholder profits can be very different than doing what is right for the community; the story of
happy to be completetly in > RT : 2012 #eisummit is completely sold out. walk-in reg. cannot be accommodated.
I miss being funny
I believe a lot of these #superstitions are African based. My grandmother and great grandmother NEVER lived in this country.
Don't they elect a socialist like every week?
Yeah, I don't like this either. Wd have been nice to have had more than one e-recs course available
thanks, I think I juxtaposed the hashtag.
Every day, without fail, my iPad/iPhone remind me I am nothing but a greasy pile of meat.
You have such amazing friends.
I don't know why all these fat bitches at my school think wearing a sundress is ok
Thanks for the interview man! It was good to meet up and chat. We appreciate the support
almost dinner time with the fam :) was a long weekend and feels good to be home
actually you hold the back button and push the home button to do it
follow me <3 i love your tweets (;
“: “Census report says that journalism majors on average make $50,000.”that's why median better than average.
Ohh shit, its already begun, who trying to do something big today ?
We think that's a great idea! ;)
Australia: Land of the Plainly Handsome People.
getting ready for Nikki, huh? ;)
Thank you for following Paige and I.Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt. Help families by donating
lol thnx buddy! Me and luis are gonna be jabbawockeez for halloween :) hahaha
I love your hair :)
Fuck you we are done for good you put me through hell !
24 days until Christmas! Stop by in #Brookhaven #ATL for some great gifts for your new arrival!
They always told me honesty was the best policy
What a good game.
I just got ousted as the Mayor of Meader's Point on Foursquare by some random snowmobiler....that's just sad. I will have my revenge!!!
So Fuck Your Ego !
Please follow me(; 4
Love means when you can't stand them around you for too long, but never want to be without them ever.
If you refer to the front porch as the living room,
The new iOS update is awesome. My iPhone has 48% battery left and it hasn't been on the charger since this morning.
Accident: Barrack's Road at Georgetown
So much housework to get done today... One of which was mowing the lawn. That's not going to happen. Should go to brunch instead. :)
Well, it's different with choral music. I'd be happy to discuss this with you! 914 582 3915
Adam's Birthday is today! Happy Birthday Adam!!
That moment when everyone keeps seeing your ex thing with his new girl and tells me how big of a down grade she is... Loll
who the fuck watches when is on.
I guess I'm the baddest nigga you ever dated then , I'm not going to change
I just want to go to sleep!!
uhmmm i was busy working on science olympiad stuff or i would've looked it up.
My nigga rocking his gold Roley! Im rocking mine!
Worth the wait!
Who says you can't be everything to everybody? Exhibits from American art to veterinary medicine, & all the letters in between, except z :-(
Come through
Do you like Publix Subs?
sounds good to me!
R.I.P Junior Seau. You made NE's defense fun to watch. One of my favorite Pats that I've had the honor of watching.
Hope you survived your flight home. It was great to see you this weekend!! Good times :)
I been doing well....
What's the difference between a wife and a job. After 5 years, the job still sucks.
Making playlist, any suggestions??
Is it over yet, can I open my eyes? Is this as hard as it gets?
End Piracy but SOPA is extremely broad the Online Protection and Enforcement of Digital Trade Act sounds more focused. Wikipedia
And the beat goes on! A.M
Ew. I feel so fat right now.
welcome home
thank you. I'm trying. :)
Baked cod tacos are served in flour tortillas with cheddar cheese, slaw, pico and chipotle mayo, once you try them you won't be able to stop
Well, it's no Ohio. Thankfully!
instead of promoting people who already have 10,000+ followers, why don't you help people who don't? LOLL
f you.
With matching earrings! Wonder Woman loves accessories...
man you gotta go teach your boys how to make some shots!!
MY MOM TOO! she talking about some she moving back to cali then saying she staying in ny i'm like bitch make up your mind
its kinda cool how your picture looks like it has a speaking box on the side. Looks like youre proclaiming things to twitter
Have you read a lot of things about iced coffee economics? I will not be surprised by your answer either way.
Don't know what to do.
If he says, "I'm not dating to date, I'm dating to marry".
sez: Repubs: "Fiscally responsible" is code for cutting taxes on rich people and gutting Social Security. Those are their goals...
Chad G. has silenced his critics, basking in the warmth of his 200 twitter followers.
you are the most amazing person in the world.ike in not getting that was great
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo wear a tube top when the back of your neck looks like a pack of hotdogs.
The Pirates are 17-18 and only 3 games out of the Wild Card spot....Not sure what that says about the NL
500 fans and counting...AWESOME!! Thank you everyone for your support :) ~Amber
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
POTUS or any man can't redefine " Holy Matrimony" lifestyles and choices should not determine equal rights!
I'm still on the ramp to get onto 275 from nku! So much fun! Thank god for iPhones!
What's worse, gingrich winning SC primary or the entire GOP field. Who needs vodka?
Ack! I think I may give up on this one. I love that shop tho! :)
this guy on the radio is awesome!!!
the "Lebron as enemy" phase is over. Our biggest enemy @ this point is ourselves, & the rest of the west.
Good afternoon ppl....
Do it RT : to bagel or not to bagel
Tackle box Part 3 - saltwater fly reels
Alan Galey: "Visualizing Variation in Premodern Books: The Case for Small Projects"
Pliny the Younger~ His only fault is that he has no fault.
I really haven't seen it. Plenty of non-PC small company behavior. No bros.
Exterminate! Exterminate! Exterminate!
Sometimes u think that's the worst thing u could've done but it was really for the best..
You can tell how Cheryl Miller laughed when Jermey Evans won the dunk contest, that it was the dumbiest idea to let the fans choose a winner
": There's a fine line between tan and looking liked you rolled around in Doritos." Sounds awfully familiar, self.
And yet you question my taste in shoes and shoe laces. ;-)
Even though kids relate differently to learning than their parents, place is still important.
<U+FFFD> And that<U+FFFD>s not because they have trained themselves not to say <U+FFFD>I
MISS YOU GIRLS!! Hope it was a great meeting!!! :)) See ya Wednesday! HUGS!
and finally, two months later, I finally turned in my visa application.
hey coolio one.. Have a Merry Christmas !
lol too funny
Welcome ! Thanks for sharing!
Thank you! I have been slacking.
When you say again, how often is that? It might been postural issues?
that's what an iPad is for.
I'm worried about you. You don't seem to understand context in people's quotes.
happy you & others were not seriously hurt in the fire. Keeping all in prayer.
The weight of our burdens become much lighter with every new day because we become more resilient and stronger
thanks for the help!
April Fool's Day was only funny pre-Internet, when people came up with real pranks instead of sensationalist bs status updates.
I have the bestest friends ever!!
Finally finished Mass Effect 3. Yes, the endings do leave something desired, but I'm fine with them quite honestly. It's just a game people.
They make real good money.
tanglewood they have people blocking the sidewalk outside!
No nerves though, just excitement
Not quite the productive day I was hoping for...working hard on the house all weekend has left me lagging this week.
That would be rather bad if you forgot church tomorrow.
RT Just typed "better than hanging around the house rating bisexuals" to a friend. Thanks, autocorrect. Meant "eating biscuits"…
do u know anyone that wants a dog? I have two that showed up in my yard yesterday. No ID and they are big sweeties. Pitbull
Immediately after that tweet, I spilled hot tea on my lap. I think that's a sign.
#jhudczoo If the animals become depressed in captivity, does this affect the ability to assess cognitive capabilities?
I hate going to the doctors.
Fuse Wasabi Crispy Chicken with homemade mashers. 'Nuff said.
Why don't you just create your own channel? Anything worth watching seems to come from JBFILMS
Catherine Rylatt "was the risk worth it?" Stop hazardous working conditions for kids
Thanks! RT #ff love for the mentions
Coffee Sleeve Ads provides you "Product Placement" in Real Life...
Oh absolutely...So how long are you going to be off your feet?
funny bit, that list grew by 2x 3 minutes before the show...
can someone tell me why the #Vikings signed John Carlson when they have Kyle Rudolph? like, really?
Avalanche faces a must-win vs. Vancouver Canucks
ha ha. Good one! Buddy the crack whore!
Things me & my mom do late at night : Go to WalMart for no apparent reason xD
Why do people think it's socially acceptable to climb the FAU trees and study up there?
Happy Good Friday! Have a great weekend and Happy Easter!
Where is your event? No url in your bio...no place to find more info...
Interesting day.
love it
Listen this Sunday for Akash Kapur (BECOMING INDIA) talking to on
hahaha that's funny has fuck!!!!
me 2 butt face
? 4 ed breakout at #WHSummit: If we want kids going to college why are we still finding abstinence-only sex ed?
my dads is 2 months and so is my moms
My wife on tweets on the news-"If I want to hear the news from the man on the street, I'll just go talk to the stupid people on the street."
I live for summer nights.
so so so lovely!!!! I like passionate female musicians. They're always so pretty.
Cheering for #Kansas because it helps my bracket and I haven't forgiven #Ohio for beating
that is kind of rude eh?
if you're anywhere near DC next Tuesday, I'm hosting an Education Innovation party at the Postal Museum (6-8). Stop by?
A best friend is someone you grow up with, a true friend is someone who helps you GROW UP..
Yay! Just saw ! Love that it takes #aam2012 for us to finally see each other.
ugh! My twitter handles aren't automatically popping up. Yes y'all r invited too!!!
I hate SoFl news they are talking about William wining DWTS they don't know Packer nation!!!!
no prob big man:) the wife loves helping out on fun projects.
great piece! Similar dynamic in Olympics w/ sponsor $ to IOC/USOC, not athletes. has great insight on this
Ion know why but I love slow jams
I just dropped a bowl of BBQ suace on the carpet in my bedroom. It's official ... I'm an idiot.
so true!
flava flav's big ass clocks <<<
Reading "High Plains Tango". I always seem to find myself in South Dakota. Maybe I really need to go there. Could I actually "find myself"?
oh ok! Well I hope it gets better!
“: Way to get that pear beer ” the sweet nectar
hey lady.. what temp you you dip milk chocolate at? I can't remember!
Healthy Living: Menopause
my hs has the technology to find my address no matter where I move, but they do not understand the concept of BCC. How is that possible?
#somebodytellmewhy we ignore those who adore us, adore those who ignore us, love those who hurt us, & hurt those who love us
I love you
Thanks for the #FF and retweets Have a great day and weekend.
Sounds like a scene straight out of "Broadcast News"
we will do our best to make our ppc March Madness friendly.
Really the moms leaves the day before Mothers Day...
In new apartment in Berlin! Now, I just need to get my 4 pieces of luggage over here...
Bout to unfollow some folks and follow some new folks ....
RT : Last day to receive 5 free credits! Send 5 or more drinks by the end of the night and you'll receive 5 credits free!!
#OnOne sent me the fix for #perfectphotosuite6 just have to update your video driver if it crashes after opening a photo.
Within the hearts of men, loyalty and consideration are esteemed greater than success.
Left for summer or Ball State?
Thanks for the RT!
No drive... No five
We are now starting our 1st Annual Public Policy Forum. We are ready to serve as the one, unified voice for our community's children.
I don't have money but Angela does <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
#GuysShouldKnow they need to go to barbershops. Supercuts doesnt work anymore.
I hate people who hate.
Wow. My brother actually isn't going to help me at all on mothers day. I should just scratch his name from the card.
you're a wild child
We have a winner in the Super Mystery Jackpot Song Contest! Dana sang Two Sparrows in a Hurracane by Tanya Tucker at Vintage and won $105!
"Yes! Yes! In de Face!!!" I love this movie.
Really feels odd being in an academic building on a Friday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Listening to Steve Potash's OverDrive presentation. Hmm. . .
Watch at 10...I'm riding with We'll show you what to do when you see lights/sirens!
... The guy is a loyal Lebron fan man. As loyal as you can get for another man imo.
nicepeter cant you follow me please
your guy will be drafted soon here. Blackmon is a beast.
o. I like it!
NaLee a fantasy that has mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff that is evil NaLee2010.com check it out
Thank you!
are you going to have Langdon Wood aged?
Come and put your name on it.. (:
we also inevitably become them
App of the week!! Thx Schimmtastic!
Senate just passed the controversial abortion regulation bill 32-18. Now it goes to Gov. Corbett's desk for signature.
thank you so much! =] glad you liked it
Did you know Polio is endemic in only 4 countries now? Your donation to panhandling for polio helps eradicate polio!
For the better? Or just...different?
Dear future Gf, EVERY MORNING I WAKE UP NEXT TO U WILL B EPIC CUZ IMA ROLL TWO one for me one for u
golden platitudes! <3
S/O to everyone that came to my track meet ! Love yalllll
Jordan could have said the same thing before he won his first title
Ouch. That hurt. Should have been a routine save.
will do ;)
I'm always around waiting to point out the importance of a defensive pass rush.
Happy birthday beautiful :D i'm still older than you by like 7 months ;b
Gotta be the good life. #windowsdown just missing
you're right. too bad it usually looks like it's left over from the night before and she slept in it in a drunken stupor...lol!
Looking forward to the Gala on Saturday! We're bringing our NitroCream and will be whipping up delicious frozen treats!
o wow
I love so much and I love seeing all the love he gets from other fans!
Just ran across some letterheads from the 50's, here are a few
Julius Henry Marx~ From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
You're my launch superstar.
Please follow shes very talented at taking photos!
Yikes, thanks for catching that
O MY GOD MINE TOO. no joke.... he looks like one too!
#Loex2012 new recipe for Library instruction #lightningstrikes ....organizational system, advanced search skills, and peer to peer learning
i didnt know wearing backpacks to the mall was the thing to do in evansville??
Wow! Thank You!!! RT : Tomorrow is the March for Babies! This is close to my heart.
She does not bake gluten free, sugar free, or vegan. It's all done the "old school" way. Sorry! :-)
wat the hell are the girls from chicago rooting for the cardinals, thats a fucking sin
is brilliant.
#bestboyfriendaward goes to....my man. that is all.
Greetings to you as well!
about to lose the most comforting voice in my life since i was very young. i feel blessed to have seen #levon a few golden times
haha this is awesome
if no deal with ESPN, will you do another podcast
Nice, Knight Rider style.
Someone in Chicago should open a #craftbeer bar/dog daycare combo.
praying for Dad as he goes in for tests on a "spot" on his lung...
did u go to school today
Shout out to my boy my frat my sandzz Adam Gettis, he just got drafted to the Washington Redskins!!!!
How do we know what God says about something? It is in His written word. It doesn't change in spite of man's will and desire.
Es tha truf! I know I do! Better cross platform compatibility yo
I am employed.
or cause i don't like you
BBT and Dr Who have a definite tie for 1st place. I need the Bazinga shirt too
If you want a real Good Morning Boost, you gotta try Cafe Cubano. It's Miami's secret weapon for Boomers on the go.
"Studying" in the lib with
You should let me hit shawty
I bet you don't miss the humidity, what brought you out west?
He'll send some good tunes yur way!
OH - just saw the tweet that it's for a virtual asst. I may know someone there too. Happy to help.
-- what do u mean?
Great job in getting into Georgia. I knew you could do it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Skylar White is probably the least likable character in the history of human existence. She makes me want to stab things.
Im not sure how much they do. Why not expand new music we play and find out. it works for CHR, how much 90's do they play?
Tx, Gerry and Happy Sat #follow to u RT : #FollowFriday (via )
you betta get yo ass off your shoulders and make that money!
Like we act just like a couple but he just wont claim me anymore
Cut off fake people for real reasons, not real people for fake reasons.
Who knew some of these #Delta flights are so tiny? I have the luggage of the guy behind me on my heels. Should be interesting ...
": Glad I got to see my bro tonight!!!! Haven't seen his ass in so long..." Yo ass had me laughin like a mf!!
Haven't had a newsroom dream in 2 weeks
That "The Onion" headline is funniest yet.
success! It's so ice!
please follow :D
Alright. Get in there and get flossing, mister.
Tosa Swordfish fundraiser at Murf's (124th & Burleigh) on Mon. Percent of proceeds go to the team. Tell the cashier you're w/ the Swordfish!
: "Working on the #agile2012 website today. #agile #scrum” What did you complete yesterday? Are there any blockers? ;-)
OH YEAH HA??!! I GOTTA GET LAID YA FUCK! RT : I will stick those needles in your face...
We can put some acts together and promote.
#Blazers haven't score in almost 4 minutes. Tied at 93 with 3:59 to go 4th qtr.
RT thats the truest statement ever made
THANKS FOR THE SHOUTOUT!!
I can never honestly win with my dad and its freakin ridiculous, and pisses me off, and i hate fighting with him, but ugh...
I love how he called me last night...just tell me he loves me <3 i have such a good boyfriend.
RT : #CT2011 Best practices for collaboration at university-visiting experts, proximity, technical training, digital publishing...
Want to see how fast I can get followers?
I'm in the middle of #2..so good. The Districts start to rebel and the Capitol is punishing them.
I'm getting pretty good at using the 'block' and 'report spam' buttons. It just cost me 6 useless followers, but worth it. (woot woot)
Thanks Ian!
everyone is graduating and im becoming a
Now that you said that don't be surprised if some fans are waiting to greet you at the station.
Let's hope so
Weekend Brunch Special: Croque Madame Sandwich - Grilled French Bread w/ Swiss Cheese. House Ham. 2 Eggs, Finished w/ Bechanel Sauce $9.
man..I need at least 10 followers.... Lol
So what i'm having a baby , not yours so back the hell up with your comments .
Cosign! RT Happy Birthday You are cool.
All I really want to do is make you proud.
If your looking for the long term results give us a call 623-255-4088 ext 1 mst
Didn't I tell you about Myxer? (Make your own ringtones from mp3.) First you'll have to obtain the mp3 (via iTunes or elsewhere).
When you blame others you give up your power to change. Take responsibility for your future! You can win at Sports betting start today!
Welcome to Oxford, Shawn Phillips.... Always be closing!
I don't realise know about the robotic dinos until I saw your tweet. I thought they were just doing work to an existing exhibit.
I couldn't agree with you more!
Good luck tonight, doooooodz.
well... i am happy that today is over.
tjx Donna. Guess what tho, I am actually 25 away from 1000 because I read the # wrong and I am a dumbass LOLL :)
Hey, thanks! RT : You can borrow my "C" stamp. It's more fulfilling, from a pedagogical standpoint, at least.
What do I gotta do to get you guys to come see #ACommonEngine on May 12?
You definitely should do it! RT as soon as I get the opportunity to study abroad im taking it. ill leave houston so quick
Genability is in the house all weekend long, come by and ask us any api questions you have
The translated copy (google version) is awesome.
Let's gather around the campfire . & sing our campfire song . Our C A M P F I R E S O N G song . <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
I honestly can't even sit through an episode of Jersey Shore anymore... It makes me feel like I'm ridiculing the mentally handicapped
Got in a fight with an orthopedic surgeon. He knocked 5 of my teeth out. I lost.
i think I just heard a margarita calling me.
My "have" count just dropped below 90. Not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing... :O
Thanks for the shout! Just one step closer to organizing all the music on the web :)
Not so much fun if you had Wichita State going to the round of 16
No pandora station ? Come on
thanks for the info. already have tickets for at , and at
Thanks big sis! RT : Happy Birthday to the only Marine I love, !
Down here at the psychological office park in Walnut Creek, forcing a cry supposedly equals growth. Propagate this myth.
which exposes police to good faith attacks, if a reasonably trained officer knew or shoulda known there actions were illegal
When does Sparkle debut?
Thank you for the RT!
When everyone's tweeting about and I'm like Yeah. Y'all are wayy behind
hehehehe...I'm still in my pajamas!! :)
the saint
taken out of context context, the profession "Drives Trucks for Whales" creates a great mental image of early Boston.
I love the ladies!!! I'm switching teams!!!
I wish I was Lauren Conrad.
yup ur qb is gonna be amazing training under manning!
Surrounded by 30 elementary school kids on this flight #schoolbully #Cheerios we have the same taste in Movies
Haha, that's what I like to hear :)
I'm game. I've actually never been there, don't tell I could also go for some Broken Yolk.
Finishing up Mary Shelley's FRANKENSTEIN #fridayreads #rereads Hope to start Saul Bellow's HERZOG this week.
And take with you the winter!
Faded Glory, Forgotten Memories and Fallen Heros. Have a Happy and Safe Holiday.
Thank you soo much. I really appreciate it! (:
This week, it's BP vs. Showman, an intense fantasy football battle in mediocrity.
Dont be afraid to face the truth. Be afraid to embrace a lie
#rampitup #skateboard TRICKS galore! Head down to around 2:00 to ooohhh and ah at the half-pipe demos.
I know! For once, someone other than the Royals imploded in the 9th inning.
Gonna go make some bed time tea and watch #TheClientList (:
lol and u right!
RT : The scars you cannot see, are the ones that hurt the most, and take a longest time to heal.
do we get to see you tomorrow night??
I want Potbelly for lunch. I'm hungry already.
Hi Rae! Checkin in to say hi & see how you're doin? Hows everything w/The Gurlz? Hope everything is good Take care n hava gd week
Surprisingly enough, I think this is the first time I've been charged with cataloging artist books! Hints? Policies? Suggestions?
Didnt go to school:)
I miss my black berry :\
twice yes .... but i'm not sure about the dates.
“: Someone explain to why I changed the channel and saw Paul Bearer being wheeled into a meat locker?”
Alas, no go for toes on Monday's. I'll settle 4 the old Journey now playin in consignment store.
the Tony Gwynn statue probably bunts better than Bartlett ...
Creative Media Web Company Launches New Line of Templates Compatible With ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
RT : RT : As a designer, it's your job to make learners feel clever. True that.
at this time.? For what.?!
your crackin me up right now
Cool. Thanks! :)
Asking for your prayers for my daughter and my granddaughter. She is being hospitalized for another 4-6 until she gives birth.
Some dudes are so desperate that they will do anything..#Sad!!
so fucking confused
New music is commin faster then u think...better tie down ur wigs ppl cuz shits finna get flipped monkey style on dat ass! -K/D
"She is a dancer"..oh the ballet "no the pole"
Think abt lifestyle changes u can make which are sustainable. Include healthy proteins, fresh fruits & veges, & exercise to keep you strong!
you're crazy
Aww im happy for you
whew - that was close
Meeting #2 was a pleasure: annual performance review discussion with one of my great staff.
u, 2 broke girls tonight? Ya it was!
Great to run into you last night as you covered the celebrity event in La Jolla. Looking forward to seeing the video.
Cali is the motive.
Just got "attacked" by an adorable puppy on way back from people's food co-op buying bomb produce
RT Biscuits and gravy at Serpentine in Dogpatch just changed my life.
lol I LOVE your "about me" on twitter. Good stuff!
Because you were promised to get a job better than a secretary's? :-( I hear you.
oh you ready know <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Ecstatic Boardwalk Empire is back!
Irony? RT : "You ain't my partners no more"
Coming up soon: "RADIO REMIX" from 12-1
Bitch please, I swear at who I want when I want
on the road all day ..kinda like Duke after its first round tourney game
Its 6:00. Time to start getting ready.
It's boring lol.
I'm hoping it was just twitter but if not, I'll miss you
This #NFLDraft is going pretty quickly!
Great day @ Entrepreneur Boot Camp ... we were the Keynote Speakers to great group of students, mentors, & others.
Proceeds of the show go to Operation Smile!
Haters keep on hatin' cause somebody's gotta do it
that's creepy I just tweeted about chocolate chip pancakes and so did hahaha
That sounds aweso...wait... DISNEY?! I revoke my previous statement.
Sick as hell rite now nose stop up n shit ugh
Shelly you made the dumbest move in big brother history, you suck!!!!!!
Geez. This kid is vain!
Everything that has a beginning also has an ending. Make your peace with that and all will be well.
bachmann is holding on to the fact she won the straw poll which means nothing so she'll stay in because she's stubborn
Vodka soda= #winning!
doesn't like Fern Gully -.-
Nothing new but a nice urban primer, mostly well put together.
Keith Olbermann has a huge head.
Which #Oscars wins do you agree with so far? Disagree?
happy bday short one.. Have a blessed day
best part about low/no-gravity mining? No need for a hard hat.
Sometimes, all a girl wants is for you to fight for her. Make her believe that you may want this relationship more than she does.
You and I <3
Happy Monday! Every Monday, all day, 18" XL Pie for $11.99!!
Thx babe! RT > Had to come out of twitter-hiding today to wish an amazing birthday today!
I'm sitting out front of my sons school to take him to his job.. I'm very proud of him for gettin his first job..
I live in Santa Maria and work in Santa Barbara.
So good to catch up last night and of course . its was a special night 4 all miss you guys!
open casting now in Hollywood Florida Every Friday from 6- 8pm all ages all talent for my show
League of Conservation Voters endorses - Elizabeth Warren is our ally, willing to take on big oil and dirty coal.
thank you both! I loved the blog but need to rearrange my priorities and give life a little more time :)
I can't wait for the Sanctus real concert!!!(((:
Talents such as yourself are the blood, muscle and bone of why I do what I do. Thank you!
#2wordsasianpeoplefear permit test.
oh that sounds quite nice, too - I'd like it if the world just froze for a day so I wouldn't lose any time too. - Hi Bryan :D
Some of you eat a lot of pizza and that's OK. I eat a lot of curry.
sure have, just tweeted press release
- posted that... not me, sorry to publicize it. Don't forget though, we're co-Mayors of the Marin Headlands!
hey thanks guys! Fado is great! any other sweet spots so I don't have to spend a month camped out there?
booooooooyaaaaaaaaa CAN'T WAIT BABY
let #pace nyc know about our $1 slices. Tonight until 9pm! 41 john street
you should follow (:
We had a great time meeting with Brides & getting to know some great Atlanta Wedding Vendors today.
My mother used to trim her bangs with scissors. When the result was less than even, she claimed to have "snizzled" her bangs.
Has anyone ever gotten a great deal at the campus bookstore? Anyone?? Please let us know.
Bwahahahaha RT : So wait, how many Oscar noms did The Last Airbender get? I'm assuming all of them.
How's your Tuesday? Come by and let our wine expert Todd enlighten to a new varietal for you to try!
Happy Mother's Day <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7>
We found more internet scum who needs to be in jail for the crime of...ok, so we don't actually know what the crime is.
omg OUAT is so good im like watching the season finale right now and crying my eyes out! its a good show u should watch it!!
tell Lagond Music says hi!! And wish him good luck from us!
Blues Brothers Show starts at 11... Party time…
ding ding ding
and a basket with streamers!
Lark Voorhies, "/ something isn't right but i can't quite put my finger on it.
We both say we single, but we both lying..
RT :Wish ESPN had a 3-row, 9-person NBA studio show leading up to midnight then going until 3am. Like CNN during a prez election
she's crazy!
QUOTE - "A desk is a dangerous place from which to watch the world." John le Carre. No Kidding. Get off your rear-end and do something.
this hacking thing is easy lol
Yes, you are! Small world. I'm surprised the branch has two YA librarians. Which branch?
Send us a message with discount code 10019RD and you will get one night free when you book a 5 night stay.
WOMAN ARE CRAZY
now that's funny! “: I think Gov. Kasich is doin' a heck of a job. — Mitt Romney #quote (via )”
don't ever give up on your dreams. Go after your blessings, Im going after mine.
Miss you To!(:
I'm the fireball of the party.
well, thank you kindly.
Catatonic of photograph price sizes and colors :-)
ur really pretty (no homo)
Please do! RT playing coachella 2013 would be tight!!
Forbes Family is,nt considered for the Forbes list. Argument now is they wouldn't rate. But that wasn't always so.
The genius of a fantastic leader is to leave behind him a circumstance which common-sense can control efficiently.
I'm gonna be rocking on this tune 4 the rest of the week <3
HAAHHAHAH why am I naked
good win :) and finally someone scored off one of my corners, yay :D
like princeton and his curly hair Even if i came with instructions you couldn't handle me!
Gaaah traffic is a total disaster this morning!! :(
Part of a security team for a press conference at a church on the West of Detroit this morning.
Find Milwaukee's best gyros today at Marquette campus for lunch!
Great American Ball Park. I forgot that you're not cool enough to know the acronym.
; if a guy is gonna stalk me , he has to be cute . Bwahahaha .
Ryan Tannehill is this year's Christian Ponder
I am a movie fanatic...all time favorite movie is Animal House.
Song of the day is Steve McQueen by M83. Go listen to it on Spotify.
Praying for & her family this weekend.
Had to cut a player off the team. I don't care if you're drunk or happy, I don't take disrespect from a mediocre friend. Best wishes in life
Waking up from a power nap & feeling that good stretch.. <3
hey so who paid for those shots at hops?
my bellybutton piercing is so very cute. <3
“: hey i just met you and this is crazy but heres my number so call me maybe? SIKEEEE THATS THE WRONG NUMBAA #iaintarapperdoe”
No longer true that idea generation, application development & mechanics are separate w/1 being more privileged than others
kay i followed can u follow me back?
#FF Happy Friday - have a funtastically great weekend!
they got that shit figured out fam!
thanks for promoting #yelps80swedding we hope you all totally show up!
No Youth Court this Saturday! Enjoy the Halloween weekend and be safe!
I just wanna lay in bed all day
Just followed you b/c we have many mutual friends. Also wanted you off 666 followers for
Excellent blog post, and great meeting you!
Hey man great to hear from you! hope all is well! look forward to seeing you again too!
lol i know .
Plane is sitting on taxiway waiting for a gate? Let's at least take her back up and test the VNE or practice stall recovery while we wait...
Spend your Fat Tuesday at Scene Ultra Lounge where the drinks are 1/2 priced ALL NIGHT, EVERY TUESDAY!!! Yes, that includes top shelf ;)
This guy should be followed by all my followers. His tweets are better than mine!
Cool. Stop by n C us! RT : Excited for this weekend. Oktoberfest on Saturday and Rainbow Festival on Sunday
I just realized that tomorrow is Friday. HELL YESH. <3
Keep on talking about me , because i dont really give a darn what you say.
GWDT: Lisbeth Salander RT : I DARE you to name a movie where a "loner" hero doesn't have some sort of sidekick.
Stanley Marcus~ Consumers are statistics. Customers are people.
Tip of the Day: unplugging your phone charger from the wall when it is done charging saves energy!
I am reading HUNGER GAMES. Love it! Anyone else excited for the movie release?
check ebay. Saw one for $350!
#wazzup #LittleGirls who's got Christian on their mind right now?
okay thanks!
oh that sounds wonderful!!! Can we share? :)
I know. Just disappointing. I did like the Indiana section this year!
Life sucks without chocolate....
If your going for a comedy, how about midget race cars with real midget drivers?
My mom's package arrived! Oh boy, I can't wait to see her reaction when she gets home.
Save that bit for late night TV
I miss you too.
That's so wonderful. Best Mother's Day shout-out yet.
it is thanks!
Had a blast wit th crew tonite!! Love me sum gabby!!
Is that an example of the "soft bigotry" of low expectations?
these random "for colored girls..." lines
Hi everybody it's Mason tweeting for anyone hear me on this morning? Sign up for the run I'll be there
Mother Nature, you are about to get bitch-slapped. Enough with the snow already.
In the mariposa room-- myths and tips about institutional funding (ie grants)
Is it a yes or no?
r u going to cover any songs soon? BTW i loved ur cover for how to love and let me love u
Serpent's Tale in the car on CD.
Lovely I just sat in my own cum
i wounder who going to ask me out in 8th next year lol
Tonight's gonna be a good good night! <3
#fllc12 ends with fascinating program by FBI Historian, John Fox, on the 8 Nazi Saboteurs case.
It's because Sweeney is down to earth type and poodles are to snobby and stuck up. Lol
If only there were more fish in the sea <U+E019><U+E054><U+E522><U+E520><U+E13B> <U+E410>
Only I <U+2665>
Yes. For example, you are "Wait, Wait-Don't Tell Me."
it was at Gibbs
Can see right through with the right eyes. Monsters can only hide for so long... Can't imagine a world w/out beauty
we can't compete with Baltimore when it comes to homicide rates.
Ha! Can't help it...lol
Happy New Year!! Try us out in 2010 and enjoy our newly remodeled facility!! You won't be disappointed!!
follow me PSANDERS
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot?
that would be my bf in the twitcon
oh dear. I'm bout to text you
Happy Birthday Edith Wharton!
That girl is in need!
I'm blacked out in Indy, where are you?
Much Love & Peace to anyone who supports our music. VO Crew, we are now #5 on the charts of Reverbnation in rap
If you can't afford to buy me something, do something around the house to help me out
and soon she'll add group mass texting! That's good times, right there!
#weirdconfession I love to watch wwe with my little brother. Lol I'm such a nerd<3
Not sure. They called him Ted but I don't know about the whole Sudafed thing ;-)
So college players cant get paid but can sell media against Trent Richardson and Tyrann Mathieu's names. That ain't right
no better day at work than when they order too much pizza
Can I get a follow please?
I gave her rundown. She wanted to know b/c she wants us to ask questions via twitter tonight.
Your look of pure disgust when you overheard me say #blowjob totally explained why your husband loved it SO much!! Handle your men
#WIP500 945 words #amwriting up ungodly early today have to work a day job one of my rare ones, yay!
I love to see you dance
yep! That's me! Haha :D
Someone who really <3's u sees what a mess u can B how moody u can get, how hard u are 2 handle, but still wants u in their life..
In fact at night the number of people surrounding me went negative.
Will some one tell me who's writing nasty blogs bout me?!?!
RT : It's never too late - never too late to start over, never too late to be happy. -Jane Fonda
my face fucked up and things that can't be talked about
Thanks a lot man i think they goin to be good once Boozer comes back you know they are my 3 seed n the east this year
yes I would make that trade
A special thank you to all the troops who have given their time and lives for the families of 9/11 to finally have some peace.
Good to see Me and have videos side by side on the Home page :) Doin Work!
yea! You need to be on more offten! lol
gotta try the cask edition.
FRIENDS.... The older you get, the less you need!
Wow, bummer #ASAE10 is charging $600 & $800 for the "virtual conference registration" for ASAE10. My opinion - WAY too much
who doesn't live rhinestones!
#What2ChainzWouldSay hit shawty with a follow, ill DM her tomorrow. i subtweet, she retweet, then blocked her after she swallow. TRUUUU
Don't you love it when you get stood up? :)
i dont even know what day it is
hospital w/john :/
Bubble Guppies! #Lul P.L.U.R.<3
this alabama shakes album is alright! i'm sure i'm the 100th person to draw janis joplin/amy winehouse comparisons.
RT : RT : Dell uses LinkedIn to connect with small and medium sized business decisions says
Good morning! Hope you all had good weekends!
Build your scalability, growth and have BIG success with everything you do! at
When I was younger, I always used to feel like a man trapped in a woman's body. However, that all changed when I was born.
Should be seeing the avengers rn -.-
Just got chased by a dog on the side of the road
Unless it's ping pong
nothing much hbu
Always thinking of you baby (;
Sadly, yes.
Of course! Let's do a Zumba class :)
I tried to be chill, but your so hot that I melted ;D <U+2665>
Want to #CUT!
We never were!
Want another way to track your expensive Christmas gift while it ships to your loved one? Why not place a personal GPS Tracker in the box?
Tired as fizzuck. Some how I'm still awake on 45 min. Of sleep.
you light up my world like nobody else!!!!
doesn't age! He looks exactly the same throughout all of the housewives reunions....
Happy Friday everyone, make it a great weekend!!!!
haha my thoughts exactly. Dumbest programming decision ever
I Don't like it when someone reads what I'm texting someone else is like no I don't read your messages you shouldn't read mine <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
need. Starbucks.
I'm so proud of the #Devils =)
that's a good place to be at!
Sitting down to write some emails at 3:30 and waking up at 6
Thanks Alexa...
thanks for following!
Is this per the athletic department?
in the article he says Kane made the shirt for himself, I read his buddy in Madison made it for him...
hope everyone has an awesome Easter, and you eat awesome food and get to be with awesome family and friends!!! <3
Waiting for this MNF game to start, what am I gonna do when football is done??
Hello follow me? :)
I want a T-Shirt that says U Mad Bro???
Is that the party Lavern and Shirley are having?
also stop questioning whether or not certain sports are, yknow, sports.
Excited for the open photo shoot tomorrow for the in Baltimore, MD! Anyone else coming out to join the fight to end H8???
Q2 Should a student become an entrepreneur while in college (or wait )?
I actually can't interview them this time. Not enough time. But the next time I get the chance I will! :)
At the Phillies game with a guy named A.Rod. Does that make me a traitor?
I'm going to need about 10 of those hyun
NOT SALLY.
are you oing to the concert in Bakersfield???
"sometimes I like to linger"........ so foul.
the guy from mens warehouse has a nice voice actually. no? raspy and dark. hehe
If you go into the #Big10Expo knowing what job you are applying for/interested in cover letter is a great idea. If not, follow up online!
It works everywhere but with you homie, lol.
hmm I thought they comped your ticket if you were a speaker. Lame.
Autumn statement appears to be good news for east midlands and hopefully us with A453, the Lincoln bypass and other schemes given go ahead
that was thee most cringe worthy of this seasons bachelor without doubt
No Shout Out??
Heading out to the Amway Center. Have a great night #Magic fans!
Labor Market Warriors features scholar Dr Julianne Malveaux on what happens to women after they graduate.
All i have to say is leave kae alone y'all are doing the very most lmao it's not that serious
Sorry for the delay folks....Revo SD website is coming very soon. We can almost taste it. Stay tuned....
i dont even know why im even thinkin bout #oomf rite now
- How close do you think 's theory of networked resilient communities parallels understanding of population ecology?
Pliny the Younger~ That indolent but agreeable condition of doing nothing.
Every woman should feel like a QUEEN when she's inna relationship.. Not a SERVANT!!!!
i'd wear it.
One of my inspirations in this walk of life. Saw your movie this past weekend "Good Deeds" and it had me in tears. #TeamTylerP!
just sayin me and my track coach Agree...one direction isn't that bad. It's like a 10yr trend. Remember Backstreet Boys?
The new ones look so fresh and clean!
So our substitute teacher just left to go to BigStar. He told us to watch the door and window. Wtf?
Most boys are weak minded scum bags and assholes. But that's what seperates them from us men.
"If brain swelling continues for more than 4 hours stop taking advertising & call your doctor." Viagra spoof ad was hillarious!
aww! Haha I love the rain :)
#artpolitics origin already spectral. Alternative to linear history, the retromania of pop culture: sampling comes to term with inability
when classes just finish, my ass looks square ;o 90M sitting with sleep -.-
Just learned what in the heck a hash tag is at
A bitch gunna be a bitch, a hoe gunna be a hoe
and me!
I'll tweet you tomorrow.i want to finish some homework
these days it seems like every car commercial concludes with the young passengers arriving at a bonfire on the beach
hey!!!!! I love u too.....cinco de mayo baby!
Mom & Grandma are doing good Tif-tif is growing up fast, I remember when she was a baby, Marcus is Overseas I think not sure.
what can i say... just tryin to make it look easy
Apatow is 100% right. Enough with the #agt already. Please put someone in the Artie chair.
Yup, definitely regretting my dinner of French fries & beer right about now.
U can't sub tweet someone that's not on Twitter lol
Sanchez sucks
There went my streak. Wisconsin is so tough. In every facet.
Who has a fabulous green smoothie #recipe they want to share? We would love to hear how you stay #healthy and energized!
right back at you.
confidence-building, yes!
Won my first softball game since 6th grade
Celebrate the humanities every day - read a poem by one of Ohio's own, such as "We Wear the Mask" by Paul Laurence Dunbar
He's moving
c u in July on my honey moon ;) can't wait 2 into my future hubby 2 the mysterious beauty of
#HITsm patients/consumers can make bad decisions too. iPod wasn't best reviewed - just best marketed.
And thus ends #talentnet ... Now begins #diceconnect tweet up! let's get networking
Just woke up i feel horrible im so burned from the sun at jones yesterday :(
The Hack4Reno mixer is tonight at 7pm at , hope to see the teams there! If you're still looking for a team, come create one!
I'm inclined to push for exposure. Plus, consider if/when this game changes. PPV won't be the model forever.
eagerly awaiting summer... when i can complain about how hot it is. you coming back stateside soon?
I really want to meet !!!! Gosh he is just so damn cute ;)
Fuc FB I can't send Friend Request fo 14 days. U aint my Mama bitch. U got 2 send me adds now peeps.
battle them with Crying Baby
Off iPad like an MP3 or just not to have anymore?
my new shit bump
BREAKING: Police confirm third suspect in Dublin murder is now in custody
favorite thing you've never tweeted about?
Sorry Beez Neez Won't be open today but I will be at last thursday on Alberta
Need to talk to more of my followers!! (: DM or tweet me soo i get to know you guys better!! (: <33
Last night was crazy. Gotta take it easy 4 the rest of the weekend tho.
very true. I need alcohol stat. They have duck quackers... fml
WHy? I thought you said it would be deposited automatically! So, I have to wait until WEDNESDAY?!!!!
What an amazing day!
LMAO. Fantastic work, my friend. I expect this to be a sampling of what you plan to bring this coming weekend.
Get ready to hear from us Dallas!
Today's Council Meeting is underway watch live on
Hahah I love your grandpa Vern!!
whatchu doin buddy? In your neck of the woods
New Additions to the Rally Include: & Join us for the #AWESOMENESS 4/15 11a-5p
whats going on boss....i am a songwriter i meet you at the international music conference can i send u a couple of my reference
Godda get thru problems today to see a brighter tomorrow.
lol what the f.
No parent should ever have to bury their child...
Injured my ankle this summer and put on 20 lbs. Through healthy #vegan and mostly #raw I'll take it off in next 3 months. Will share.
No sure where we or Wikipedia, et al would get info if /journos had to work job to pay bills AND give us free info
The Maltese Falcon! RT : Humphrey Bogart starred in plethora of dark & cynical film noir hits. Have a favorite?
we have a hangar room, just park the plane right in there!
's CEO starts planning a new innovative software development solution for defense customers while at 's high tech class room.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort 'em as much as you please.
Today our gallery on douglasvilleb2b.com broke and took registration with it. It was a joyous occasion. Also my ping.fm account vanished.
Seduction. That's what I tell my students.
that sucks what do u think olly murs
You know what, here's hoping Battleship is awesome.
Great presentation at Ignite Baltimore #IB9! FYI, some links on your site go to your (now defunct) campaign Twitter account.
I have no time for BULLSHITERS & NON-TALENTED SPITTERS!! :P
looking forward to our visit this Thursday and I'll hollar at ya on the phone later this morning!!!
honestly have no idea where the fuck that is since i moved my stuff i had to rearrange everything . Some of my stuff gone-.-
Another full day of diving with my fave dive buddies www.desertdogdiving.com
Laying on my floor painting to Dark Side of the Moon. My mind is being blown.
Thank you!:)RT : u pretty
Are you guys coming back at all today?
Thanks to for fixing us up with fancy photography.
how's the writing coming?
4 great cios taking the stage; talking storage
Too irritated I'm dne being nice to people who treat me like shit
they got your bucket!
Dominican cake is it!!
What rapper is selling the most records in San Francisco Bay Area right now, that released this year 2012?
HEY CASHMAN HOW YA LIKE THAT TRADE NOW
Today was dress rehearsal.. It was so hot!!
They're fighting again...
Happy Monday! Tonight: Buy a large pizza, receive a free pitcher!! $1 Coors, $2 Heini’s ½ off bottles of wine. It all starts at 9pm!
I could bring one over, if you still need one!
You gave it a good run at
One student, in reference to the film "A Clockwork Orange" called it "Orange clock"
Fire alarms going off at LOCAL 6 STUDIOS!!!! Fire dept on the way
we'd like to know too!
Simba and Nala are so cute together.! (:
#WFUD12 Joe Torres: most journalists have no idea how much they are using fair use themselves.
Back in the day, snow days were on par with X-mas for awesomeness...now they are just a complete pain. I'm tired of the DC snow fairy
FRONTLINE: Battle for Haiti: Rebuilding in the Face of Gang Violence and Corruption DVD
Sorry I missed your session! What is your agenda for the rest of SXSWi? Are you in any other panels?
The material similar to a ribbon... It's about seven inches but does run a bit small!
Would you like it if ii ask Selena for a ticket for you ? maybe she would say no but , lemme ask .
Ready for the Red Sox to start up?!??!!
yep...the winter album is done! Now, mixing.
": "Is Make It or Break It really what gymnasts do?!" You should probably stop talking before I hit you #GymnastsLife" THIS!!!
sorry!!! You should have taken some turkey and ham with you. Call me when you get home safely.
At the billiards tournament. I'm drunk!
On the way to Vegas. Saw CP3 and Boo headed to Minnesota. What happens in Vegas - don't happen in Minnesota!
text you lol
What do you do if you see a kidnapping?...wake him up..haha
Your welcome (: I can't tweet much tonight /:
Follow me 2nite I'm at the upper room in clifton 3201 Jefferson ave. Cali D Gurls on deck. Lookin for modles & dancers twt me if interested
Very fun even though we had Tiff's little brother with us we couldn't do some things but it was cool
Who's we? You got a frog in your pocket, ?
follow back!! :D <3
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLovesIs cause you stuck on these social networks. Love it.
And we look forward to reading them!
hop online
I don't ever realize how dumb half the shit I saw is
this girls tweets are funny af hahahahaha.
Just throw him in some random car with tinted windows. I promise no one will know.
Tht kinda just made me mad
Finally done with my homework
...I didn't even have to use my AK...
tyme to call up all the mother's that I havent spoken to yet.
Show my Wall some love please <3 ;-)
Just heard someone yelling at the banker "It's my money and I need it now!" - exactly my thought when they put a hold on my check.
m yum!
Gosh, i graduate tomorrow. :/
cough cough cough !!!!! thats all
Never give up. Never, never give up!. We shall go on to the end. ~ Winston Churchill
My New Year's resolution for 2012 was to do one random act of kindness every day. It's been an awesome experience so far! What to do today?
Should it really take 2 weeks, numerous calls, 20 reps to figure out you have overcharged me for 3 yrs and credit my account?
Congrats Lynn, that's quite the achievement! :)
well, when the nudey pics pop up
Are the fumes of this carpet cleaner supposed to give me delusions of grandeur? Because I SHALL RISE ABOVE MY ENEMIES
Never drinking Alpha King again
Back to my homework
I'm not sure what this is about, but as it includes bananas and sarcasm punctuation, count me in.
I love that part Vinny<U+2665>
It was a huge success! We had about 17 teens show up; everybody had a great time with the activities and loved the giveaways!
Thinking of CBA all day today. I wish I was with all my #Bellevue peeps!
Nowak: We have options that can contribute. The more time we spend with them the more confidence they gain.
Sometimes, It is exactly how it looks.
Is now the Programming and Outreach #Intern for Station North Arts & Entertainment District! It has been wonderful working with them!
the DVRebels guide from touches on many of those and more
I LOVE U! I LOVE UR MUSIC! U R AMAZING! R-T? FOLLOW?(: <33333
Audible "ooh" from the #webwise crowd as LeVar Burton recounts his memories of Mr. Rogers.
one week to the Into the Light Carol Anne show, getting records ready to go you should all: follow friday
Don't forget to bring a sweater, it may be cold at night :-)
Update: things are looking good for the relaunch of our site! Can't wait till we're back to normal!
have fun in cville - I'll be there next weekend. :) Friday night = date night.
I will say it again, the Signature Massage is the best I've ever had.
What are your favorite trends for the summer so far?
Coming soon homegrown beat store !!!
This is going to be the summer of homemade lemon kefir coconut ice cream. Hit me up if you'd like some kefir grains.
I just donated my tweets to for 48 hours. Join me in exposing the truth about climate change ClimateReality.com Pls RT
ladies If he can't keep a conversation going, don't expect him to be able to keep a relationship going.
Bernstein: Raggedy Ann as a whited-up minstrel performer, her face an inverted minstrel mask.
Happy birthday to my lil brother ! Muaahh
CBS TV Schedule 2012-2013: 'Two And A Half Men' And 'The Mentalist' Move, Plus 'Elementary' And More New Shows Added: CBS is spreadin...
U goin up there today
so true
Raven, from That's So Raven, just came out of the closet <3
no we going out tonight just later
You are welcome and thanks for following.
it really could be yours...play a little guitar...sing a little song and post it...BOOM! Ipad3
self massage = NEVER A BAD THING! =)
I have no idea where Bowie is from, but I hope to God I'm from the same place.
I memorized all the rap battles in 8 mile
Happy Veteran's Day! I love seeing the parades, events and other acknowledgments of our military, past and present. Thanks to all.
Punish him for my sins? Twisted thinking chief. Twisted. I'll send him your complaints and thoughts.
Really great chapter. Dont know if i will b able to wait a full month for the next one though
RKF Opens Chicago Office as the Retail Leasing, Investment Sales and Consulting Services Firm Continues Expansion Into ...
#Going Red with spinach, eggs and bacon!
ron artest is such a douche
We are very close to 1200 followers!!!
Friends meow
Good food indeed. I am working at the 5/3rd tower today and decided to treat myself. RT
What are campuses doing to promote communities of learning among students?
Thanks for the rewteet!
Denver hits another three tying the Magness Arena record for 16 in a game, they now lead 76-55 with 30 sec. to play
Good day everyone, we hope your day is going well, I have some news.We are performing Oct.1st in DC AT THE B Spot its an art gallery. Come
With Wichita St. picking up Nick Wiggins today, what rank does this years recruiting class get?
well im always here if you need me babygirl im usually not to hard to find:)
hope you're hitting up Powell's while you're in the area
What matters most, right mentor or right investor - find out at Tech Entrepreneurs Week.
Thanks for the shout out, sir! We'd love to see here while she's in town
american soldiers being withdrawal and huffpo doesnt implode with joy....wtf
Thanksgiving Sale!! Use exclusive Twitter coupon code "thankstwitter" to receive 10% off on all items at STLOcarina.com.
stay classy Phoenix RT Coyote fans throwing beer bottles at fans in crowd. Classy.
<U+2714> Food <U+2714> Bed <U+2714> Music <U+2714> Twitter <U+2714> Cellphone = Perfect day
Revo San Diego twitter stream is live and ready to go! Thanks for following us. Stay tuned for all the details on our first event!
#HealthTip Regularly eating nutrient-rich meals (particularly protein rich) and snacks is essential for overcoming the urge to overeat.
excellent. will await. :)
Rome Police Officer honored for actions in September stabbing death - WKTV
Yes! RT : Ron Roenicke just told us on that he has interest in Aramis Ramirez and Rafael Furcal
why so you can beat without ur mommy walking in ? Hahaha
Exactly. That's why I worry. Many from blues states moving to TX for jobs.
I just burped!!!!
Marriott San Mateo CA is now offering 15% off rates to our members.....Purchase your card TODAY!
Pretty sure I now know who egged my car
Gym time sparring 8to10 rounds #hardwork!
Lopez, through tears: "She's just an amazing little girl. Developmentally, everything was perfect about her--everything."
Looking for that special toy for sombody? Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com for the best selection and the best prices!
LETS MOVE ON TO A NEW SUBJECT K?
what is your identity de-labeling activity #sschat <- i like the way that sounds!
that will make up for prom. it WILL be fun dont worry
just let me know when so I'm there
I know that! I've known you since we were four! :)
i just want to meet bob saget.
Followed Hoping will follow back. <U+263A>
*COME kick it wit US AT The #BLACK#FRIDAY#EVENT ** On #Arlington in nov 25 !
thx bro U2. How u gonna miss this CPC? It's not til Friday, hop on a flight
Are you planning on attending The Women’s Success Summit V on May 17 & 18?
Who does Sugar Shane owe money to? Like I just can't fathom why he's out here fighting.
In my school it was simply "no cuts no butts." Not sure if introducing tropical fruit into the matter helps clarify the rule
Warm beer cold bitches!
Sleep...sleep...sleep...sleep...sleep...sleep...SLEEP D: NO!
I agree. Scary how easily it spread.
I can't think of any specific physicians off the top of my head. I'd need to ask around.
Seeing isn't believing, believing is seeing.
: I'll trade you... my arms for your youth! lol
Follow #TPDL2011 for updates from International Conference on Theory and Practice for Digital Libraries 2011 in Berlin
no fun! Grandson just got over a 100+ fever for 4 days. But happy guy now!
Houstons Attractions LLC is making some noise in the entertainment industry all of my followers should check them out via
Very sad to hear of Levon Helm's passing. Lucky enough to see him with The Band years ago. He had a great show at Summerfest two years ago.
I have to admit, I still cringe when I see someone wearing LSU clothing.
During a Heat game. If it ain't no emergency don't call me. Txt only.
All i want is 2 followback and murder one of my
occupiedmedia.us ~ Cardboard Protesters Take Berlin via
Sonny is money.
ENJOY SPRING BREAK!!!
I need help with algebra!! Help me!!(;
hey what's up
i agree
To integrate one's experiences around a coherent and enduring sense of self lies at the core of creating a user's guide to life.<U+FFFD>
Why are my neighbors so loud today?
Ice ice baby.
I would give you a sleeping beauty kiss!
Someone needs to take YouTube privileges away from Chris. Playing Education Connection commercials is not okay at this time of night.
Nice to meet you. Things are going well. We've been building Plink for a year.
in the best kind of mood right now
Too stoked for spoonbill snaggin' this weekend!
talking about how athletes get in trouble with twitter
Heeeeeyyyy! Tomoro's my 40th birthday and I wish I could blink n have u guys appear to rock my party Memphis-style!!! Fo real!
Ready to go
My teeth hurt. I hope that getting a retainer next week will help that. In related news, I'm whiny. Whiiiinnnneee.
no place for that crap on twitter or society. Find them, I need a new punching bag for boxing.
Her presentation feels like a comedy sketch. Great info w/ humor. Audience laughing every 10 seconds
Thanks google for the free Internet on airtran. Sorry you got dissed by groupon today.
they demanded a ransom of 50 million $ I was shocked so I laughed and payed with my pocket change
RT You’ve got to be before you can do, and do before you can have. Zig Ziglar
Windows are open, the rain is gone and Joe Hite is playing your favorite tunes! Stop in and check one of our new wines!
The life I love is bacon, Muslix with my friends.
- the car of the Metro train I was in this morning smelled like dead mice. Disgusting. Car
Drink tea for an after meal digestive aid or to calm intestinal inflammation, like Irritable Bowel Syndrome
If you like this shot, DO vote for it for HomeMint. And feel free to share with friends
back porch?
No Meetings Tonight ... : ) .. but the next 4 days are packed with them -- Making this business run is no joke ! success is all i know
Bass Drum Of Death/DZ Deathrays/tba at Cactus on June 24! More info soon....
Just how bad is being arrested for assault and battery anyway?
I have not! I liked Wuthering Heights and they came from the same womb....
I need to get a witness Mr. Franklin
Cleaning out my timeline...if you're talking crap about Jordan on #BB13 you'll be first to go!!
Of course! “: Catching up on the DVR'd episodes of Awake. I really like this show. Which probably means NBC will cancel it.”
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! LUV U;-)
I didn't even know that during the revolutionary war we tried to take canada but we lost the battle in quebec.
There’s a new way to weave together what we already know to help us create new levels of expectation for our lives.8pm 2nite LAtalkradio.com
Ageing Piech maintains iron grip on Volkswagen Ferdinand Piech's recent retreat from the limelight might be seen as a sign the Volkswagen
Big debate here - for a 'family only' section on airline flights...to isolate those screaming babies...going too far? What do you think???
should a service take sides, or should a media type service try to get people to visits website and use service? and unbiased
you gotta teach your kid to get the food IN his mouth. a tough concept to grasp. i just mastered it a few days ago
que "P"!! We r all sitting together!!! Lmao!!!
Not suggesting you are a nonprof...just wishing that they were so thoughtful in my world. Sorry for the confusion.
I hope you are enjoying this great weather!
Dairy queen... In my tummy
What do you like best about Carrie Underwood or Lauren Alaina?
1:00pm *Hears noise* "Hmm I wonder what that was..." 1:00am *Hears noise* "OH MY GOD WTF WAS THAT!"
Maybe you can come to a meetup sometime and show it on your show!
0% for the bears in the post season says Joe Buck
I thought it was going to be cold today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Did it go something like this. "I want a coco, frappuchino mocha, vanilla decaf, w/ a twist of cream, and grind the beans."
Something tells me Braun is back!
Off for a meeting about an exciting project coming up this year!!
Whenever cause he needs it! Youu can tomorrow if I'm at home.!
Wish I was in TN right now....i need a change of scenery
In our arguments, let us always have the humility to admit that there is another option...you and I could both be wrong....
Speak to your day, don't let it speak to you. Let's GO
Ike Taylor had a great game today.
woke up, ran 4 miles, soaked by rain, dodged fixie hipster, saw homeless guys hug, end w/shot of wheat grass & cappucino. SF.
You seem more like my boy toy than my man
it was too easy!!
Myla went to snuggle with daddy in "daddy's bed" this morning. Where does mommy sleep? "Outside."
$9 mill a year for 5 years! He averaged 15.5ppg STUPID player RT Stuckey is insane for balking at that deal right?
good evening.
Thanks for following !
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. —Aristotle
Millennial Donors study found most Millennials use Google to check out nonprofits. Think it's any different for your biz?
Big E?
Whose got the MUNCHIES?
Sometimes the littlest things can make me incredibly happy.
Planning to be at the #alamw11 exhibits tomorrow. Any AIIP/SLA folds want to meet up?
I ate the cake lol
Happy Mother's Day to you.
Immature bastards.
1 in 4 students will remove a school from their list if they can't find info on the web... 2010 Noel Levitz
#RIPTHERUNWAY....Looking to see my friend on there.
APRIL FOOLS
without question The Crow - The Beach and Cool World come in a close 3nd and 3rd.
Nope...but I have a dog named Niko.... ;)
After a long week, finally sitting down to a well-earned pizza and harry potter marathon. Bliss!
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark; professionals built Titanic.
have faith, stick to the plan...
Sunday #Brunch party today at 3pm!
Good hold eddie sedar....smart play
RETWEET if you want to hear Ron Burgundy play Jazz
Earlier Accident on HWY 99W at Walnut St in Tigard has been cleared... all lanes open.
Thx Coach, also checkout 80/20 dvd May 15th RT : I gotta read that book man! Has to be one of my summer reads
BEAT LA
S/O to all my illinois ppl on twitter, chicago has been showin me luv evr since i first visitd in 09 i luv it here not sure if ill evr leave
The rainy day turned into a lazy day
that's true. I've heard the rumors.
Dear cellphone companies, please invent an "unsend my text" option.
can I get a good luck r/t so I run good today please*
I finally found the one thing that inspires me to stay healthy: a bike. I can work out and be intrigued by my surroundings.
Do you want to help me or want to help you? Sorry if I hear weid.
You know how to find me:)
# SAN ANTO'S MOST WANTED - COMIN' TO CITY NEAR YOU -
ohh lol.. I guess if I would have read your name I would have known
Just take the ball and throw it where you want to. Throw strikes. Home plate don't move. --Satchel Paige
Just got back from social dev meetup with very cool presentations from and - thanks &
Durant just put his hand in my chest, ripped my heart out and threw it in the 3rd row. Hurtin
lmfaoo I know and we just woke up now too haha
Everybody Plans for Sporting Nightly
Cain speech on the topics to discuss at RHE 101 Chili Dinner.
Playing hardball like they did with Rollins won't work.
comic relief :) my expertise.
Thanx! Super throwback What up witcha?
Bring checkbook today!!
Rollins background story is.crazy interesting #svu yea this about to be a good episode
please i begg u follow me
Boyfriend Video Is Slaying almost 9 million views in 1 day!
commin to live in vegas?
Do you have time to chat about a challenge we have at EOL you may be able to help us with? Thanks for your time.
An ugly personality destroys a pretty face..
WOW! That's too funny!
Editing, growing, reflecting...editing, meditating, teaching...stoked 4 the spring births of new ideas, projects, & spiritual opportunities
I've been thinking of that reference through this entire tweet session. And not it.
Ok soo is following me, which is cool to start with, but I wasn't following him yet... How did he know I existed???
Why is austins hair so curly lol :o i wonder if its his natural hair.. ?
exactly. Great guy sorry OT had to be him there
RT : Look, I just think it's a bad idea to put Kim Kardashian, Lindsay Lohan, and the Secret Service in one room.
I thought treason was supposed to be the highest crime.
Really I voted 151 times a while ago and now your following fans who screen shot it?
I think having handy dads ruined us in this area. I am offended at the idea a coffee table would cost more than $30
awesome! Would love to have had something awesome like this at our wedding to go with our awesome photography!
ah gotcha. thanks dude (dudette?) feelin awesome about the purchase between the product and the support! :D
oh ok, glad we've hung out since then!
The ending of the hunger games makes me want to shoot the book.
Did you know today is National Cheese Fondue Day? We can't wait to celebrate tonight! Yum.
Mike Ness just gave me the day off tomorrow! Woot! What up!
boredom is dangerous :/
thank you Joann... Love you girl!
probably... We're weird too. I love how you guys say "colour" instead of "color" haha idk it's just funny.
hey pretty . Thanx for the follow
And to you! RT : A merry #MagicianMonday to you all!
about to dance my ass off with few people on the cast and the best choreographer ever
Santa Cruz (northern Cali)
I feel like Freddie highmore staying home and trying to do all this work before the marking period ends :p
Thankss for letting me go on and on about this.(':
The said "black ppl or most likely to drown than whites" I cant argue wit that kuz I knw hella blacks that cnt swim including me lol
Omg it time for LUNCH...:-)
Likewise! (re: follow)
Thank you, Stacey! Yes, you can make it alive!! Blessings...
I feel like tounge flippin on a song but dont kno what beat i need suggestions!
Yes. That is a good one. Royksopp=amazing. :D
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT!
I'm in the midst of a space-time continuum called the 'new mommy' zone where I'm completely unplugged & unconnected. A week behind on email!
This fuckin xbox about 2 make me brake it
ATL - Good times are happening at iLounge Thursday. #Karaoke and #spokenword. Come join us - 1287 D Glenwood Ave - 8pm. See you there!
Watching the Bachelorette ..lol..I'm a sucker ..again.:-)
Been there! Nice store, way too many employees.
"For what human ill is not dawn an alleviation."-- Thornton Wilder
I miss you too!
He gone learn real fast
I dont chase money, money chase me...
Bust it babaababyyyy
We're giving away 2 tickets to 's fundraiser in LA! Check us out tomorrow am for a chance to win tickets to an awesome party.
any time! Will you check out my music and like my Facebook page? Facebook/laurelwrightmusic
Funny you were in Dallas too? Well, I was only there while I was stuck in rush hour traffic.
great games so far...gut kept telling me to pick morehead state and I went away from it
you get em?
#ObamaBookTitles: Spending the Wealth of Nations
Slow down
“: I ain't watch southpark in so long”I'm Watchin that bitch too
The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly
I'll eat your shoe if he does
RT : Can't wait to rock tonight with my homie !!
congratulations on your new car! come in to Brake Specialists Plus to keep it running its best
going to opry mills(:
im ready for the break all ready
I was actually thinking about auditioning too :p The musical sounds fun :D
yup new episodes
email me and we'll chat !
Exercise should improve your quality of life, not hinder your ability to walk the next day. CG Philosophie
With a big burly stranger stalking him did Trayvon have any "Stand Your Ground" rights? just wondering...
Oh man, really?? That's awesome. :D I haven't been since 2009, was just looking at the pictures recently!
I hate to talk out of school, but it's not like I have a choice. I'm not really allowed within 500 feet of one.
If you dream it you can do it!
Melvyn Bragg sounds like he was so bored he almost fell asleep today. i don't blame him!
What's this crazy rumor about Lily & Harry? Hahah it's funny cause I met both of them!! remember?
Morale of the story? There are bad ass ways for a museum to take on a recession.
I know everyone wants the #Jets for #HardKnocks but honestly I'd rather see the #49ers, #Saints or
I would bathe in strawberry greek yogurt w/granola if I could.
is tangible.
Shout out to Thanks for following! We look forward to your tweets fam
Okay, and now I just walked in on some strange little gay man laying on my bathroom floor and crying. Didn't want that part of tonight.
OH the oxide is flowin...this will be interesting. {Grabs bucket o popcorn & kicks feet up}
Looking forward to meeting all of you and your friends!
what one you have now? Please tell me its not advanced task killer.
it sure is draggin!
It's a "Bye Week" for #CLFFC, as your Prez and VP will be at SXSW and ice fishing in Wisconsin -- but let us know where yr headed tonight!
“: Getting all worked up cause I'm not into you.. Lol grow the fuck up” <~ I say the same thing to strippers.
I just want to meet already :(
If I ever met ... my life would be complete c: he's just so gorgeous , I started surfing bc of him (:
Petit week end de 5jrs ! :p
I am SO sorry for being MIA. Working on a piece now, but also on one last paper and work. I'll keep you posted better.
Nice kitty spirit other Bryce.
God put HERBS on this Earth to heal us!
Good night twitter. Be easy.
twitter is going mad...but thanks love
Do you have any questions regarding a 'short sale'?
is he surprised? Has he heard himself talk?
I'll send you a terrific receipe for breakfast that you can prepare in Sunday and eat all week.
I was glad when they said unto me let us go into the house of the Lord! Meet me @ NLIFC 5349 Snapfinger Woods Dr. Decatur, Ga
Money is the reason im so mean to people
For after your dinner break: worth noting on that post who the team reps are?
I'm Off Here... HMU
Happy Birthday!!
what's your username?
Duh. I should have known that. lol #facepalm Gotta remember you are Coach Ina now! :) RT I'll be coaching at Worlds
and market savvy.
Thanks! We're happy to have him.
I'm working on my abstract for #NCHCMM, so excited!
This is THE wknd to kick off yr #gardening w a workday at Girard at 10, then head over to for a tea party & more!
Lame nigga be quiet.
What do you guys think is more self-righteous, #Thor or #TreeOfLife?
Liquids, liquids, liquids.
Can't wait for school tomorrow.. <3
Thanks for the RT on the VisionWalk. :)
Its Hot AF Today
And that's what makes you a GODDESS!!! Cant wait to see you on the ALL STARS SHOW!!
#CelebrityApprentice I don't know why Lisa got kicked off. I feel like it should have been her and Arsenio in the final two.
Poolside margaritas sound really good right now...
Thank you to all of YOU! We do it again soon :)
Good choice to include Dad! I got to hear some great old engineering shenanigans this weekend :)
Right on time, right on time
#Shoutout to the most amazing mothers i know. You know You all got a text from me :)
Stupidity pisses me off.
•Small strap fits arm circumference of 6.5"- 10" •Medium fits circumference of 8"- 15" •Large fits 12"- 24" Hope this helps
ladies we have summer dresses in and they are to die for:)
Freddy is a beast!
Don't facebook, text, social media, etc. during work time unless you have permission to do so
thanks for the follow!
DS: to all people thinking Jim Caldwell will eventually replace Cam Cameron as OC... CHILL! Dude has NEVER been an OC in his career. NEVER!!
You niggas can never get your information straight
I'm sure your feet could use some sprucing up! Lol! And that little boy.. Oh dear. What were his parents thinking?!? Lol!
omg yes I'm totally down
sorry to hear about the accident amigos. You guys still rock!
haha thanks im gonna upload a music video on saturday! :)
"My job is to Stop Stupid or at least slow it down" Rep Stacey Abrams
congrats on the book and cool reality game! Where/can we read book?
Saw it awhile back and it had me shaking my head in disgust too.
Pretty sure someone left that note about the extra king bed.... RT Gary Podesta and Doug Carl need to get a room
Mamiya 645, or a Yashica TLR. Both well under $200 for great, sturdy, cameras and killer lenses. Personally recommend Mamiya 645 :)
Ms.piggy DONT do it.
gOD Twitter is boring <.< WE NEED TWITTER GAMES
Reminded by the studios to let everyone know that today is National Hiring Day for McDonald's. GET HIRED, MILWAUKEE!
they just started the pics of KS2 at - haven't seen Sasha's class yet but I'll keep an eye out :)
Electonic resources - the new mainstream - Lugg
That awkward moment when someone says, "name a good song" & you suddenly forget all songs that were ever made.
me too
But you already know how the Hunger Games ends.
I think Scottsdale Plaza. Nate booked us a bi-level suite so it's all set! Why? You changed your mind? Come!!!!
um...today is actually Dieciseis de Mayo.
Hi honey :)) No, I'm from Croatia actually :D XD you?
RT Open Source Robotic Surgeon: GlobalEcho writes "Researchers have created a second version of the Raven robotic s......
Our very own, will be tweeting LIVE from the and the All-Star Game tonight from #Orlando Follow!
Just Wanna Be Heard
I guess I do too, but 162 games is too long to suffer for a draft position given unpredictability of baseball draftees.
DOE mtg to discuss closure of ABCD school in Bed-Stuy can barely be heard over protesting parents...
Ah thanks Manda!
thanks for the shout
Thank you friend for the FF. That was a great chat. And you really added so much!
One a.m i have to wake up at 6 shit fml
Nothing like Jack's Mannequin and iced coffee on such a beautiful morning.
I don't wanna be mean but some people should really stay away from cameras
RT : I don't even know how I survived before push to start was invented
So tired of hearing about avengers. Its jus another fucking superhero movie. Haven't seen it yet but guarantee know what's gone happen
Excavation for the foundation walls of Holy Rosary Church, located at 444 E.119th St., near Pleasant Ave., had commenced on April 24,1884.
awe that's god , but I hope shes okay !
bet im emailing now
lol been there
haha yes ma'am I fucking love Sublime, & The Black Keys,
hell yea I know jamonji lol
bridesmaid gowns
julian be soo mad they got ray bans up here for $30 lol gotta love NEX.... Aa I called u yesterday
S/O to my best friend for joining the Twitter fam!!!
We know Marcum threw the shaving cream pie because a Cardinal just hit it off the scoreboard
on twitter acting a fool early in the morning...need to stop it and get myself ready for work...need some tea and break-fast
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!(
6 days until we open up at Denison. Let's go Pioneers!
Startn2mar let finish da summer of like last year :-)
bad accident i-70 wb past 23rd
Oprah Only thing holding me back is Get my show on your network Over 35 years paying for my own airtime Need Oprah Golden touch Dawn Reese
All ready for #libmade! Fresh cup of tea and everything. Hopefully there will be useful stuff for our ALA pres coming up on Library Labs.
8in and up your hired
watching his back as we speak...in a non creepy way
Hi Mike, I've got lots of authorised pics from clients on NEC3 projects that BIW has helped to succesfully deliver.
There is so much great music it is very easy to accidently miss out some great artists.
The client list >>
i like leaving hickies ;)
If you my dear followers can make or follow me I'll put my true photo, RT all ur friends n followback
Horse cops bringing up rear
Wassup longtime no hear !!
tats subs
lol sucks for you david but we all know jamir has been waiting to sit & chill in football lol
the show is at Beat Kitchen
"ulterior motive" is John Edwards' alternative name. "Mr. Motive, do you take this woman ..."
RT : : An actor is not afraid to take risks; to put on different hats; to be a good guy, bad guy, victim, abuser.
If that's our point of disagreement, it's a nice clean divide.
There's a perfect moment when you're scrubbing your house because your wife is on her way w/ your children and you want them to be received.
Why get your tits pierced and not show them off? Might as well pierce your tongue and not give head.
waiting on the new cwa album. Singer Stevie Rachelle said new music in the fall
hope you have a great one too!
follow back, and I love it how guys support justin!
thanks for the add and much success on your book
exact same here
Morning peeps!
Pizza and orange sody.
It's added to the queue. Right behind haikus generated off of status updates and my talking twitter client.
Catching microwaves on fire(;
leo u r tweeting at the globe what next Lmao
Well no sleep tonight...
Work can de-energize a romance. Try to limit conversation to a recap of the day's highs and lows and the sharing of ideas that excite both.
the roof is
Feeling a bit down so clearly my most obvious coping mechanism is to drink tea and listen to John Mayer alone in my office.
I've only been single for like an hour and I already hate it.
how was this morning? Its your first anniversary so I tgought I'd check
Getting Bored Here... So Im Out... Talk To You ALL L8er
wisely has Mad Men in their screening room each Sunday, with matching cocktails.
"a true directioner would RT this" yeah okay bro OKAY
Next up...Rolling Stone, Vogue, and Cooks Illustrated! :)
Haha, its all about maximizing usage of life :D I have lazy cat days too! Kick some psych final butt!
mom made me walk today to school just because I was being 'rude' -.-
Creepy patrons are creepy.
I had to take my daughter to a show of his, I am still traumatized
Come and see our new International Newsroom in UL2135!
oh my goodness. adhasjfashjgfa
No one cares u fat whore
Round of applause for all of the SAIC students. The colors, textures, and silhouettes have been brilliant-- & we've yet to hear Lana Del Rey
It's always got to be that one person fucking up my day-,-
#thestruggle of trying to hit the high notes in refill .
#Santorum's endorsement of #Romney: a a symbolic dab of Brylcreem & a vague nod in his general direction.
that behind you looks quite cozy !
check stephen Heller. good music.
Took a Victoria Wood song to sing for Donna McKechnie today. The U.S. gets the Mrs. Thatcher line but does not know what Vimto is.
A cup of coffee. Caffeine can counter-react the anti-focus mechanism in attention deficit disorder. ;) Good luck!
yes, he is! SpeakDatTruth!!! I love me some Pookie!
Nothing like having an ex stalk you, -_-
u are my idol!!!! your voice is amazing like really its so beautiful and i hope to sound like you someday! <3 please follow
Shopping on your lunch break is just too easy
When you're listening to conversations you know you shouldn't be hearing.
After four days in New Orleans, I'm slowly weaning myself down to normal calorie intake. Can't do it cold turkey.
I finally know what I want out of life.
Well, almost got the old mug ripped off by a skate yesterday. Let's got play again today!
#ubuntu+1 irc channel people are nice even to people who really should eat shit and die
I will in a bit! I just got off the plane.
Nobody claps for Gingrich saying lots of government programs do good jobs. Funny.
blacken the day
Takin' it to the streets
Feeling really ill eughh
Wow! Fingers crossed. Thanks to everyone trying to mitigate...
But he was a rogue ref! RT : that would be silly except for the whole, a ref got caught gambling on games thing :/
haha so still want grilled food!
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow daa new one
And to top it off they then resort to name calling...people need to grow up!
i just came across > 's channel and omg LMAOOOO!!!!!!!! ur super funny! xD
I love the making of this brand more than one I started when I was 17 because it is so much harder to break in this market!
this year, pack a romper. though, you won't need it because hunter isn't around to carry you piggy-back style
kicking off the #SoMeSMPS workshop!
I'm practicing caution! Not sure how much longer I can use the baby-dwelling real estate, though.
Why have I not watched ORPHAN until now?! Two little girls just straight-up murdered Detective Wyms from THE SHIELD!
The Fn2s in collab with Youth Summer Basketball tournament registration will open up next week!
One of the best #FF tags I've ever been a part of - thank you so much!!!
My Mentions >>>
well at least they weren't hitting on me. Or... whatever they were trying to do. (anger you?) lol
Yeah he my boo thang :D
Those who cherish a beautiful vision, a lofty ideal in their hearts, will one day realize it. - James Allen
that was probably the last caribbean food spot that had plantains in St Martin. lol.
So excited for new followers! Shoot me a tweet if you have any product questions, or just want to share a great video!
Thanks for hanging out with us!
Happy Australia Day to the Aussies! We will be celebrating in the US this weekend with meatpies, coopers and Tim Tams galore!
I'm happy to report you've officially gotten my vote today in Precinct 9 in Michigan. Good luck tonight!
i dm it
My 4 year old daughter Maya: how does watch all the kids to know whether they've been good or bad , does he use Skype or something?
Why is there so much traffic downtown?
wow today was boring and a lil successful at the same time been sending emails all day about the Fall Jam 2010 and worked on the office
We don't have tickets to Monster Jam but the wife is hell bent on making sure our son goes.
were bummed too!
i just did it friend lol
“: my future husband better be makin enough money to take me out to eat 3 times a day. cause i can't cook for shit.” tbh
it was great meeting you on set today.
and then you had to go to the hospital
I stand corrected :) I thought it wouldn't fit in with the Linux "culture" but i guess i was wrong!
working hard on this weeks supplychain workshop and marketing IMC...!!!
#Bama having some boot issues
Do you watch ? Well, if you've seen Jessedaley plan an extra, GO FOLLOW HIM. <3 :D he's amazing.
hahaha um sorry i don't have any advice for that :/
Did you know you can send us private messages on our FB Page now?
I may be a little late... but I still must say WOW and how awesome and grateful I am that OBAMA SUPPORTS SAME SEX MARRIAGE!
RT : I do not enjoy the word "runny". #random // How about the word "ruddy"?
Can next saturday plz hurry and get here???
RT : Thank you to for speeding the day with us for #CFALeadercast // Thx to all the volunteers who made it happen
Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope
Thank you for attending the #ContentMarketing session at #FredNMT by ... glad to have had you there!
Excited to learn more about my role at the at the meeting this afternoon
haha that's funny. I was a lot bigger back then in my wrestling days
well i have a crazy single that is about to drop i know u will love it !!! It's called I don't wanna dream
hey wait r u my big or lil
I love this! LMAO!!! Pint sized lump of pure evil hahaha
R,I,P, #mikewallace !
For the ones who are madly in love, yet busy in work can actually take some time out and plan a special Valentine gift for your partner
Where can I order a custom bike that was on #SharkTank? Looking for a #Packers bike, go pack go.
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear Sorry about your balls.
Hey Greg! Thanks for following me, great to hear from you since the internship ended. How have you been? How were the holidays?
I hate when people ask me "whats wrong" or "what happened" JUST to be nosy. You was never there for me...so why you concerned?
We have an exciting announcement we will be making later this evening...be watching for it!
Thanks everyone for the nice tweets 2day,that really means to me a lot!
sports dictate my mood an unhealthy amount
Its gorgeous in Milwaukee as well!
I just started it last week. I'm glad that you are now a charter member! You can guest blog.
I touched the humid brow of New England then realized a return to the Pacific was necessary.
People on Twitter need to stop being so sensitive. It's ok to disagree!
At the park getting ready to start.
Noted as I drove west on Schuylkil Expwy: red dots pasted on every deer warning sign, right above the nose. Rudolph's from Philly? Who knew?
I realize I'm late to the party, but I just heard -- congrats on the new rugrat! Yay!
TOLD YOU.
But in better news, huge congrats to !
All American Beer Pong (AABP) hosting a six week round robin tournament in Boston...
Interesting contacts at marketing group!
You spread lies. Everything cool was created at UW-Madison.
It's technically Hunters old one, but I will. Only if you'll wakeboard too.
Ok thankz we can later 2moro gotta get up in a few...thankz again ;-)
How is your evening going so far, everyone?
“: Blame Lil Wayne for this weather, he always make it rain.” OMG...... Fckn hilarious........
indeed :D
JUST HANGING OUT WITH MY DOG FINN,,,,,
New album
The nice part of me being kidnapped would be that someone thought I looked young
aww.. Gary Pinkel is trending - and not for anything good. Poor judgement indeed, but unforgivable - I think not!
I wish my weekends didn't consist of working all the time, but damn my paychecks are fancy.
i love it when you call me big poppa
AT #IHOP with
Dear John was amazing. <3
you're welcome. Hope it was helpful =)
New Website Design!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
me too. random people keep calling me on oovoo right now ahah
Today's BTU inspiration: "Even the smallest person can change the course of the future." ~J.R.R. Tolkien
Hey #actors - What #sag screeners are we gonna get? I got The Help yesterday!
so nice meeting you today b4 your performance, you did amazing:) Keep dancing! Love you!:)
we were just talking about it last night ad we read it to our son. Wouldn't fly anymore!
Without moral and intellectual independence, there is no anchor for national independence.
Sandra Smith is now a member of America’s Health Insurance Plans!
My mom taught me to dream big & encouraged me to go far, even when it meant moving across the country for dream job!
Purple Rhino is available for $35 and 8th all day today @ Tea Pot Lounge
I just got it. U were saying he can't win big games...I thought u were thinking he'd won a big game. Sorry, my bad...Chi Chi out!
Need a new iPad for less than $20? Head to BidFather.com and win one today!
No im just glad we dont have school tomorrow
Performing a magic show and twisting balloons in Brockton, Ma. at 1:15pm
Time for some WINNERS!
Tune in now #X EFFECT New Music Show now in session 10p-mid. Top of 11p featuring 3 of Vegas's top local bands...
Top 1% of startups account for 40% of new job creation - Anthony Chen @ Silicon Flatirons Conference
i&#39;d like to learn more sometime later
Actual line from a paper I'm reviewing: "The heroin is a young woman named Belle who falls in love with the Beast despite being enchanted."
this person i don't like.
Wow, it's July! Where did the first half of 2011 go?!?
is the world really round " yes" you didn't go into space so how do you know for sure? '' astronauts say so!!!" what if there wrong "um"
17 ACLS fellows and grantees among the 2012 Congratulations! We'll post a list soon.
No?! Guys,i go to Paris ! Tonight ! My parents make me a surprise !
Sort of not really. But it'll be fine!
This guy is! Bring me some winners Ladies!
and I have many things in common but most importantly of all we believe in breaking rules and abundant orgasms
It really helps to also have an understanding of computers, analytics, seo optim. etc. Plus skills like CSS, PHP etc.
It's looking like the Celtics fans ran all up in Atlanta.
Stop asking me plz i hate answering <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
they have battled adversity all season! I'm not surprised......
DM me your cell. We should text.
B.o.B gets advice from Chris Martin for 2nd album
Last weekend at Jwu and I'm goin to sleep? My school suck
We got a cd from local band a lil while ago at a concert (yay being anonymous) we are jammin to #heartspeak check them out!
my god Kobe
Get down wicha bad self
has found a new love for cheese cubes!
When the teacher plays rap music in class >>> hahaha
haha somethin like that.... Are you back home now?
random fact I just discovered.. Ice nine kills is still a band. They are playing a festival in the next couple months
I wonder how many ppl would tweet or post a fb status if the world was ending? O.o
"That's the kind of place this is--lots of sexy people, not doing much work, having affairs." God I love the I.T. Crowd.
For National Library Week instead of linking a good library article. Thoughts: Web linked Newspapers NEED location in byline. seriously!
You're not my life but you're the one I want to spend it with. You're not my world but you're the best thing in it.
Praise Jesus I love the black church!
No one ever seems to bring up the obvious post-divorce-from-Ben devastation and loneliness subtext of that Siri commercial.
Total power outage across all of renton
so wanna buy an 02 gti? It runs great. For now...
#mw2012 is almost like being there. And I can wear my pajamas.
As if you had any doubt that you would be elected Chair. :)
#smbmad Thanks for coming Bruce - interested to hear about your take aways
OK, so maybe I'll need to start using twitter again, since my sister, , is here now.
sent u 2 DM's!! please read them!
oh great! Let me know if you need someone to stop by with a case of keystone and make you a sandwich!
Sounds wonderful! Will keep an eye out :)
well thanks much!
If I leave are you gonna wish I stayed?<3
third interview on Wednesday! Will be ringing you for seal-the-deal help Monday; I want this so badly! Jxo
Little kid cartoon movies<U+2764> >>>>
I love you so much that if you wanted to get innto my phone youde enter YOUR last numbers in you phone
Love your stuff! All the presents we got from your store were a hit!
like okay.
Learn silk screening from the at the Demo Booth (1pm and 3pm). You can also enter to win a textile
Prince George then a huge detour to Dawson('s) Creek!
RT IF YOU HAVE AN INSTAGRAM FOLLOW ME===> TaylorBieber15 <=== I POST UP TO DATE PICS OF JUSTIN BIEBER AND OTHER CELEBS WE ALL LOVE! :)
Dog Park Murder. Almost serves those Wyman Park Poopers right!
I knew you were the same. People never change.
I got so busy, I fell off the #gratefulness wagon. Back on today and grateful for my chiropractor!
Welcome back! Hope your holiday break was relaxing and rejuvenating. We are so ready for a great 2012.
When I started at my med library, everyone hoped I'd meet someone there. Sorry, happy with my English major BF.
your welcome:]xo
Hello Mike - can you send a link to the Milwaukee Makerspace? I would like to visit and check it out. Thanks!
check ur email bro
:(. I wish I could talk to you and Nanda on the phone at least. Maybe I can calm her down and help her feel better. ;(
This just in, Luke Bryan does NOT want this night to end
Today was good, happy president's day but not to the moron that is currently in office. I hope America will kick him out soon
"Young Freezy wants to be friends on Facebook. You have 54 friends in common. Reply "add" to confirm." lolwat
i just can't stand artificially folksy. i grew up somewhere artificially folksy and i can't take it in any form.
thanks for being awesome!
sounds like a plan!!!
i think i got u sick ive been sick and still am
Thanks for coming, glad you enjoyed it! /cc
Hey! Thanks for the RT! Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Pretty sure I just failed that bio test.....
I'm with you on that! People keep blowing it off like its no big deal...
LOVE IS NOT REAL.
Konerko just stole standing up
bitch i just told you about that the other day!
for A2: plan, plan, plan! Have good training sessions, get ppl excited (super service), think ahead. B flexible!
if you don't have plans tomorrow night there's a free show at the hole in the wall - hello wheels and shakey graves. 2 faves.
Mo and I hiked up to Turkey Creek Hot Springs. With 3 crossings of Gila River. Cold wet feet at each crossing. But nice, warm at the springs
still haven't noticed Qaaa???
You can use the cold tea bags for hot tea... its the same product :) We would love to have a Canadian distributor... any ideas?
Pat Sajak is one funny man!
Can I stop studying the new NFL OT rules now?
I wanna get ittyttytt.!!?!!
please follow me? (:
Anyways...:-) happy mothers' day to all the mommas out there .
Thanks for trending !!!
LoL 2Pac? I heard he's still alive hiding in a Walmart somewhere...no wait, that was Elvis ;-)
Weekend is finally here.
Really? How do you "translate cancer care"? By politicizing women's health and reproductive choices?
On my daily grind to put food on the table, a roof over their heads and clothes on their backs!
seriously? May be taking a cruise that docks there for 2 days then puerto vall.
im doing well. How are you?
I'm glad it turned out alright. I think I may have been sleep walking a little.
We Are in April, Its Boutaa Be May & The Weather is Still Cold WTF -_- Didnt` We Have Hot Weather The Other Day, This Weather Is Soo BiPolar
Happy mother's day!
I used to hate cats, but now these two make my day. They are hilarious and adorable
Hood rat, hood rat, hoochie mama
Wow-the intro on #charliechrist topic on #billmaher was rough for those who "don't know"
Strive to get to the place where you don't want to trade your life for someone else's.
You always have a fun prospective!
lol silly people tweeting me trying to advertise others to me. no fanks. not if i dont know you bye.
haha it definitely is! Text me! I have something to ask youu.
Before you get a 1,000 dollar guitar, you should probably know how to play it first. Just sayin'
thanks for following and hello from The States.
Big crowd at JJ Jump today. Such a great idea for wear-house space!
Morning Marcie - How are you?
i hear ya,, I so need one too. I am glad to hear u r doing so well. take lots of pics for me plz! Have a blast!
Congrats to our partner ! Let’s celebrate SeniorCorps Week & honor the awesome older volunteers in our community
Love is like a flower, even the most beautiful kind dies
Huge thanks to everyone tweeting from #AIF2010. I'm loving the strands of info! Great content. I definitely want to go next yr
42 to 50 what's it gonna be?
i really cant anymore
cooking channel just aired a commercial about a resource for people with eating disorders
Important reminder that we still have a way to go & those with #foodallergy can never be too careful. So tragic.
70 years ago today, the US entered WWII; More than 16 million American men would go on to serve in the war before 1945
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best.. vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins? Poe
kudos to LA city firefighters on the dog rescue.
Hackin us up like its judgement day....
it goes great! You?
go outside dumbass
Can we go at 11am on Sat? I want to be there as soon as they open. Let me know if that works for you!
I don't even know you any more
Watching and blogtv!!!
Gurrrrl. You have no idea.
#exhausted ! Soccer Tryouts are the worst but that's what I'm gonna have to go through because I love the game(:
u Kara. Some dude who can't let u go?
Hello from sunny Kentucky.
TGIF TGIF TGIF Have a tiggeriffic weekend. C U all back here on monday over coffee.
I don't feel like sleeping
Hey , we promise to shout out answers from the treadmill if you add some #cancer or #running questions to the mix on Thurs.
Sometimes it's just nice to know that there are nice people in this bad world
RT #irony: the metadata provided by a #digitalpreservation tool correlates to the variables I use to run
I need Nyquill but that's downstairs with the Aliens.
Nine of my logos were just published in "Logos 2: Bright Ideas from Around the World" edited by David E. Carter. Thank you!
I Guess I'm About To Chill Widd Some Co Workers Tonite
Always ready
Sounds like she will make a fine politician someday.
heading to Las Vegas for the weekend
First two days of #Boston trip = dismal, but tomorrow is going to be awesome. :)
So I Get Off comes on my iPod and I listen to it...then I had to listen to the entire album. But don't worry...it's still amazing!
Messed up one of my past tweets...
Discount nature magazine subscriptions
Our first interview with Adam Ruben just set a traffic record for Post Academic. Thank you for visiting! Part 2 is tomorrow.
all u hater say hi to it lol
Please email me: and let me know what you're trying to do so I can find you the right person. :)
im enjoying my time . i hope my summer is just as good
The worms will get in. They always get in.
Had a nice 6.25 mile run around Lake Wingra today. Met up with another for 3 miles. Always fun to share the road with another runner.
And Jacob vs.. Whoever is possessing John Locke
Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability. ~ Cicero
Oprah is one beautiful lady and if you have something negative too say about this statement just keep it to yourself.
why it get so cold?
“: Every single Simpsonizer deserves to be the NJY girl.” LET THE CHURCH SAY AMEN!
Shots shots time, i love watching tv shows drunk, i feel like i understand them better
Totally agree!! RT: Tip for today: Avoid mean-spirited people. They are the devil's kinfolk.
its MOTHERS DAY and a Sunday ta boot. You couldnt cut the lawn yesterday or even tomorrow? Assholes. Its 7am...let us sleep.
LeBron is that dude...
Thanks to everyone who supported us - even though we didn't hit our goal, we did make some great friends in the process!
wowww dad love you too
. The amount of monies spent on programs negates desire to put classroom libraries in place.
Damn. That was fast, if true. Mike Sweeney is a Phillie (per )
If you can't query on it, you can't segment on it -- so don't try
"Just A Kiss" was our song. We both sang it to each-other. Now everytime i hear it, i cry.
You should follow They make incredibly cool shirts. Some creepy and spooky (and beautiful) check them out!
candles candle holders oil warmers discount candles www.discountgifts365.com
The true gentleman does not preach his beliefs until he does so by his actions.
thanks love I'm about to call u
: love u2
Why do people continue to overlook Ron Paul, isn't he the most conservative of all the Republican hopefuls?
Left handed Guitars: Guitars, accessories and information for left handed guitarists error
website message: "we depend on ad revenue, please disable your adblocker". tip: everything on your site is also on OTHER sites, Einstein.
are you really tweeting in chem?
How was that a blow to the head??
That's a really good point! We want to help not make the experience more difficult. Wrangling kids is a challenge!
I would like to thank you for the advice you gave me when i was in chicago for the #APHIA convention.
id have been shitty too lol
Don't let looks be everything. .. it what inside that counts.. speak and be heard.. smile and be seen. Ask and you'll know.
I want to watch Stand By Me :/
i must really be uncool....nobody ever wants to hang out wif me.... :'(
hells yes! thank you for showing these milwaukee boys some love, adam! they are talented, amazing peeps
When a girls face is pretty , but her body is ALL KINDSA FUCKED UP!
Hmm, wonder if Adrian Gonzalez getting HBP by Matt Moore had anything 2 do w/ guaranteeing HR 2night? Will Felix retaliate?
keep in mind the unlimited for $30 is only for a limited time & the new iPhone is also due to come out mid-year.
how do you miss a breakaway dunk? LOLOLOL
That #CabinInTheWoods movie was a trip...
I hate this feeling of not knowing. Seriously, why can't professors just post grades on Blackboard?
Watching Frozen Planet with Viggle Sun | 5PM | Discovery Get real rewards just for watching TV.
if your timeline is flooded with people rt'ing the biebs, that's a you problem
I've missed you too!! ='D
The Breakfast of Champions! RT : I have to get my morning fix w/ &
Jimmy Johns is better breadwise, but subway kills the breakfast, has more veggies, and don't get their food pushed to a side
Happy Fat Tuesday!! Join us tonight for live music and $1 off TX beers
Is everyone bday in February? To many people! Everywhere I go I here happy bday litterally each day there's a freaking bday can't keep track
I know. We were just talking about this last night with our friend who works at NESN.
Overcapitalized startup fail of the day: "stealth mode" designed into logo in stylized font.
I know I'm gonna lose followers
Disagree. Edward Sharpe pillages psychedelia's corpse in an npr-friendly way. He's too self-consciously retro to be folk.
Number One Son has been home from #MSU since Friday night. So far he's logged about 36 hours of sleep and 20,000 calories.
Pretty little liars tonight(: so excited!
I have used video. Well received
:D It shouldnt be too hard to get people to listen. and once they do they'll love it haha
covered in hair. . .
Do you have an artist, or actor you would like to meet? Come meet them at Madame Tussauds. You won’t believe what you will see.Tomorrow 2pm.
i've never seen the notebook... im weird.
Sunshine and smiles! Laundry and lots of laundry!
Rang in the new year to the immortal strains of "Baby Got Back." Ditching the cocktail bar for the karaoke bar was a good decision.
I know, the "Old Gun Slinger" #4 is coming back!!
Red Sox Nation caught a "whiff" of fresh air last night after A-Rod's last at-bat. :)
Prayin' for fast recovery B!
Ugh dnt wanna go to wrk
Just woke up to a serious battle! Wow
do u follow back?
Prayer request for Lynn: Please pray for her healing and also peace as she awaits test results. She sends praises for God's faithfulness.
Do you have talking points ready when you go into an interview? How are you going to answer: What's up?
those summer opportunities sound awesome! Thanks for the heads up!
I get Truxie, nice dev work & real benefit to the food truck owners and consumers. Efficient for both sides. Good job guys.
Fuck me like ya missed me
The best salt for your health is natural and unrefined, not heavily processed (which is the type used in most processed foods).
haha how old r u? <3
Onions have been shown to help reduce blood pressure and cholesterol – Just be sure to keep those breath mints handy!
i noticed the same thing! Also,what was with his calling out of the woman with the crying baby?He should have told ppl to ignore it
Secret Life, Secret Death at the Oriental Theater in Milwaukee, TONIGHT on May 10, Thursday, 7 p.m. AFTER PARTY at Von Trier's.
I get pissed when I hit every single red light! Ugh!
RT : Miami... join the family of Trayvon Martin and I at your rally on 04/01, for more information contact
dude, all about the taco trucks in oakland. Battle of the taco trucks coming up I think!
Ok, Jenny doesn't want to hit tweet limit so DM me?
uk we can wear boots
lol this all confuses me. Oh well.
THIS IS OUR TOWN
Following & I too have exchanged my iPad 3 (wifi) for Verizon model. This Twitter thing is starting to cost me money
My ex just texted me telling me to get the fuck over her?? Wtf? Grow up.
RT : LSU & Wisconsin the only schools with at least one player selected in each of the first three rounds.
Check your spelling.
I'm glad your in one direction
Where and when is the townhall tomorrow? The Hoya would love to attend.
I've got strep and cat scratch fever. I'm a winner!
have you registered for CAA yet?
15+-knot winds at the local beaches right after El Clasico on a beautiful Boston spring Saturday?
It took the Empire several $trillion dollars of overreaction & countless lives to do the only reasonable post 9/11 action: death of OBL.
lol not spamming. Just kidding around. #TSB is good stuff. Podcast is good too.
so i took a nap around 5 and didnt wake up till 10
My friend in this pointless anthro class goes- I wish I could just crawl out-
Hiring people is an art, not a science, and resumes can't tell you whether someone will fit into a company's culture.~ Howard Schultz
I told this dude I'm busy til the middle of next month and he still texts everyday like "if u have time I'd love to see you today"
The patio is open! Come on down!
lots of good things going on and Steve-O picked me to give a pair of tickets too! Will be meeting him tonight :-)
You made my day with #classy ! :)
so sad! RT All 52 Bottlenose and 7 Risso Dolphins, including young calves, have been ruthlessly murdered in Taiji.
I was just wondering how you comb your hair so the horns don’t show?
it's your fantasy, but wouldn't "Bitch, please" sound better coming from Samuel L Jackson?
We also support maps created on Google Maps.
Thanks for making Portico's first AME conference great!
lol im okay long as you aint tryin to fuck we cool, I got my own dick for that...a nice fat Puerto Rican one too hahah ;)
working lunch again
No offense to the Zombies but I am very glad to be able to focus 100% on my first true love, the NBA. Go Hawks!
#onceuponatime omg, charming getting ass kicked :/
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection::: Michelangelo :::www.itsartnotstuff.com...Luv Art!
Watching The Last Song Even thou' i hate mileycyrus.lol
#TheEllenShow Tomorrow!!!! Because of #victoriajustice Woo!!!!!
A1. Is it typical for formal policy to arise from a mistake, crisis, overstepping?
Workaholics is the greatest show!!
My fingers .. They itchin ... They itchin for tha paper
She said, "I thought u were a role model?" I replied "Yes, I model rolls. I work for Philsbury."
The fine folks at just made my week.
- Is a BIG MEANIE!
My great grandma stopped by and dropped off my Ham&Cheese on italian bread fromm Subway. Ustream and Subway! Wahoo!! :D
"We don't need a reason"- I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> whatever she puts out! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>keep it up.
do something go with someone, I did I had so much fun at the park, :-)
did you see mine?!?!?
#ILoveAWoman who’s not too proud or afraid to say #ImSorry #IFuckedUp or #ThisIsHard …cause our relationship's bigger than her pride or fear
Tubby and Donna! Wow!
Happy Easter everyone! Cooked, got church in, worshiped, ate Qdoba, watched hoops, napped and can't wait for fam dinner at my bro's place!
So the machine just gave $3.50 in quarters.....
#SmackDown shut up now go away
I still can't get over the fact that followed me without me asking(:
So glad I switched from to (read it later). New features keep proving it to be the better service.
a song
Lol I barely use iTunes anymore. I'm become accustomed to buying albums in stores now.
Looks like Billy Hunter was taking great care of his family
oh yes- check my tweets from last night, haha
I bought a bunch of stuff for kickball. Is that something?
yeah, it sounded rusty.
you gotta come visit us in DC!
this is awesome i luv u and i hav ur tweets sent to my phone so i can keep up with u....oh and i am not a stalker.hehe just sayin
It's all in how you play with the numbers. The number of profitable programs goes way down if you count subsidies
lol nothing wrong with white iphone, but
thanks for the mention! We heart
"Mo Triptifan, Mo Problems"
Man I think its that time
ever thought of expanding coverage over to this side of the state? I'd happily help you out!
can we go2 CANADA this summma
we're thinking patio #coldcraftbeer as part of today's #EABF countdown. :)
MarkCurtis_Wood...thanks for following me. -douggieb
im really srri :( is there anything i can do to help?
thanks kid!
hey, promise u'll say good night be4 u sleep, right?
Brock Lesnar says i'm back and i feel good. Fights Allistar Overeem in Vegas Dec 30th. Winner gets Velasquez/Dos Santos winner.
who are you?:)
Still trying to get my Awesome WM desktop just the way I like it, but I'm REALLY liking it! Tiling window managers are... awesome! heh...
Loving the life that I'm living.
"He's a nice person once you get to know him." might as well just say, "He's a jerk, but you'll get used to it."
no prob. Awesome pic. Happy Monday :)
I'm following you but you're not following me!!!
Thomas escaped the media scrum out a side door
Crying inside after hearing smooth jazz soprano sax cover of Step in the Name of Love. To quote R.Kelly "a tear just fell up out my eye" :'(
prin Bucuresti... chilling like a boss .... am chef de facut muzica!!! where da studio at?
hey now! I have to try!
8 mins left in our 1 hour delay. Will we take off or will we call a quits? Either way, it may be a wild night in #chitown for me ...
totally! you have grace
I need new headshot's :(
hey n ur welcome
also on fox and nba playoffs its a good day to be a fan
Going on Day Two of...nothin' much, in a satin robe. And it is heavenly.
to place an order...NX Order in the subject line
I think my last tweet deserves a RT from :)
A little late, but - I LOVED the movie. I cried like a baby and I NEED to see it again soon!
Cain to endorse Newt; cites his ability to just divorce wives on sickbed rather than lie to them for 13 years as sign of decision making.
Slight hiccup. Fresno film is close.
WHO wants to get McD's breakfast before I have to go to work, I have a car this morning
This month The $1 Million Facebook Experiment is supporting Interfaith Hospitality Network of Colorado Springs. Join now and help!
I'm predicting Tim will throw 3 TDs on Sunday.
I loved the old pictures. :-) ": RT Did you see #DuckDynasty on Inside Edition? They rocked!! Yup"
DFW and MKE. One of these is the 4th largest metro area in US, the other...isn't. Draw similarly. All hail Mark A.
my fuckn toe hurts..D:
Dear twitter followers in & around Monroe, GA. Please join Nice Guys DJ this Sat night at Amici. DJ/Lights/BigCityFeel all in your back yard
Does miss Chicago. (; & he know it :D
I must say. I enjoy watching Paul McCartney. this is cool
All of them simultaneously!
RT : Nick Cope's in town to guest DJ at the Get Down tonight. starts at 10pm, Mad Planet, 533 E Center St, Milwaukee, WI. USA.
Everyone keeps telling me he's a keeper,I just say it's to early to tell(: I'm not gonna force anything(: just let it be.
I finally got my cake de tres leches!!!
With the current challenges in WA state, was surprised to vote on such marginal issues today!
lol it's gonna be a classic
Tip #199: Consider that at a full table 16 cards are never going to come on the turn or river. You have less outs than you may think.
CRAP Anyone See or HERE Damage n Henryville, IN MY FAMILY lives there. HS destroyed
It is bad enough when $ overides ecological needs but when an Eco geek makes the same decision based on a few $$ I get really pissed
good bye molly :'( sing for the angles
I wish I was seeing you! Can you come to Boston please.
#beerfriday has officially started. I love my job
I heard a lecture yesterday:scientists trained organotypic slices w/ electrical impulses.A brain in a dish learning! Intelligence?
Homemade kale and quinoa salad with a yummy margarita!
My name is Jamie Davidson and I am comfortable in my own skin.
If Wal-Mart was classified as a country, it would be the 24th most productive country in the world
Due to newly added music I shall release Hype Machine Mix Volume 3 to VIP E-mail members tonight before I post social tomorrow...Subscribe?
Finally last period, yay with my friends Maria Jannette Jennifer and me!!!!!
till then we can do the 69!!
I think you should cause yolooo lol
I think the comments/notes on Pinterest are hard to read - font and format is hard to see. For text, like wikis better.
Time is slowing down as it slowly becomes time.
could you give me a shoutout ?:) idk why just random;)?
Gives thanks to the creator of Earth Day and the universe.
Tomrow at the MAGNET Creative Seminar in NYC: Brooks Thomas, Emerging Media Coordinator, Southwest Airlines, DING!
I got pulled over by the cops this weekend and my hoodie didn't help .. SMH
Hi there!
oh! Yeah! Exactly! Probably because Mars Volta was never the anecdote du jour the way Tyler the Creator is.
RSVP to watch the Big Game with the Polar Bears, LIVE With each RSVP Coke will donate $1 to WWF
My bracket is all messed up. I'm terrible at prognostication.
i seriously thought slapping it would work, i screamed like a little bitch:p
You know how Willy Wonka is the candy man? I am the coffee man.
35% of US owns smartphones so #QR is here to stay.
Use #BaruchFON for tonight's Future of News event at Baruch w/ Karen Dunlap, &
European plates? You're a douche
LUCKY YOU!! YOUR LIVING LIFE TO THE FULLEST!!
Aw! Nice mama vid!
I would snort seventeen ounces of garlic powder for some strawberries right now.
Walmart completes renovations and raises money for community - Lexington Dispatch
Historical sources: don't believe everything you read. Ask question of these documents. Good advice.
Lol, this should happen. RT I would pay money to see Robbie Keane and Peter Vermes have a "scowl off".
Sure! Done.
heard your vm. I'm assuming your sleeping now but I'll b up for another 45 mins. Otherwise u can fill me in tomorrow.
“: Getting beers with before heading home from #G2B12 !” <~~ jealous!
Safety Reminder: The more places/sites w/ your credit card info on file, the more chance there is you'll get hacked.
<U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> Afraid to get hurt again
ranting to myself >
Friday Follows TGIF
it was bound to happen
Browse through our #musician and #performer portfolios. If you'd like to build your own contact us for help! www.Shastic.com. Have fun!
yore welcome to come through to my bonfire pat!
#imagine being 's girlfriend and taking silly pictures with him . <3
Some say LaLa Anthony's show #FullCourtLife is boring. #GTFOH Why? Oh, she's a REAL #BBW with self-respect & doesn't fight on TV!
RT mom:come on in guys time to eat.bro:hey Vctoria's is back.they all look back.sis:hey where did he go.dad:he wanted to eat first i think
because the UK fans think were all damn bitches. 1. because we say harrys name differently 2. bc the album was #1 only here
Beach tomorrow with my favorite boys :)
Man, I am going to miss the sounds of the pirates on my late night walks home ...
In other news, beauty sleep time. Goodnight, Chicago Bulls. Goodnight Atlanta. Goodnight, Ned.
Andrew should just text me . Cause we both know i'm too lazy to copy the number down. Type it out then text him.
text me Shaun :)
USPTO announces a delay in fast track examination due to cut in budget by Congress
225 8 favorite store?
Pacers won!(:
Lol I'm down. DM me
Still laughing at 's question of the day: "Do you have a doll house I can borrow?"...Um. What would I be doing with one of those?
RT : RT : That awkward moment when you have to explain that No Shave November is meant for men, NOT women.
Dear , really? U trespassed on my property, entered my backyard while we weren't home-to install your smart meter?
I should probably get put of bed soon.
in a rehearsal for my Italian classical song and girl it last for 3 hrs. What you doing boo !?
& MBTV 6-9 PM TODAY on www.microphonebully.com Please tune in
Wow! Thanks Kim Fields for a great day to sip tea with a purpose. We had a fabulous time wish you could have been there See you next year
Love's greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred - Barbara de Angelis
Got my graduation dress (:
You're right. I just got caught up in the moment. They're still stupid.
Wow. TatMash.com sucks terribly. What good is this if it's browser specific? Can't get it to work in Safari. Weak.
Exactly GDN, I cant wait to hear the expert opinion on how our greatest coach ever was a cancer
ambiguously foul word of the day:
oh snaps! I turned around and didn't see you guys. where y'all now?
Anyone no who could build me a contraption that would yank me out of bed and drop me in the shower. I struggled bad getting up this morning
Thanks kindly -BF
Fathers be good to your daughters, they'll love the way you do.
Looks like T-Rex came by
Simons first girl is horrific
And the best catcher in baseball does it again! Yadier Molina is clutch.
UK will be in the final 4. Back where we belong
just hoping he not a second coming of marvin williams
Advocates give detained people false hope of winning asylum? Stop lying Ms. Vaughn.
was an awesome game
Almost everything decision makers need to know about the competitive environment can be discovered using legal, ethical means.
This is a mulligan year for
A boy locks his phone, a man tells you to check his messages
Man were to go today to bust a mission,.,
In an mood, guess its time to #SetTheWorldOnFire!
Why are people on Bye week included in the ESPN rankings??
We can't wait to show you guys what we've been working on. Who's excited?!
im finna see how a macbook looks like on google
its about time.ive been waiting my whole life.
8 amazing months...Wow! I didn't know I would love him like this!
institutions that are devoted to history related pursuits should bother to date the articles and press releases on their websites.
Damn its hot lol
you really need a hobby! :-)
RT : happy mothers day to all the moms out there... especially to my mom for putting up with me.
gonna try to sleep. phillies tomorrow ! goodnight <3
Great start to an awesome season! Hope everyone enjoyed their first night, and are ready for next week!
writing u
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
This nicca wit his 40 year ol lines.. Lmao
“: boo to your team. boo, i say.” RT We'll see what kind of team the Rangers are. We'll be waiting.
Let the games begin!! After we take care of GU:)
: needs #Followers to
It's so sad the only way a bitch becomes relevant is by using your name,they all wanna be like the queen,but there's only 1 !
yes, was hacked! I think the problem is solved now:)
CO food and CO wine..um yes please! ": Done and Done!"
Oh, snap, on the Parks and Rec.
Thank you so much! Had a blast, happened so fast! :) Cheers!
I hate driving in bad weather.. Ugh. So glad to be home!
It's over. Thank you Payton Manning for really helping our Colts, even our culture as a city in Indy grow. I saw you in SB 46, we all won!
What an awesome finals at the in #vegas! Congrats to #Samoa for their 26-19 win over #1 ranked #Newzealand!
well is there anyway i can ACTUALLY help? I'm always here to listen..^^'
Watching highlights of the game. Hilarious. Top of the 17th. DH pitched an inning of relief. Wishing for the
Women decides to post picture of her butt on Tumblr. Cool. More at 11.
lets see if we can get austin to notice us or follow us..haha -raquel
Between The Sheets #86 - The Truth Will Set You Free!
GM Ladies :-)
i don't curr, i do too
Laundry is the worst chore ever!
Aint Feelin Lyk Myself Right Now For Some Reason
Easy hands down.
Ah, that's revenue, not profit.
Blonde or brunette shit ill take both
hi! I miss you! <3
which oph? Come to Portland and try the true original
94 years ago today Congress authorized times zones and approved daylight savings time! How many times zones are there in the U.S.?
A:4 We must accept that change is a constant force of growth. It is our choice to be positive or negative.
yea listen my sister just died so i really dont wanna talk to anyone sorry for the trouble that causes u
Thanks so much for the RT!
#ireallywant the money the money and the cars the cars and the clothes
And thank you for reminding me that it's Friday...
Castles are very heavy, so putting them on clouds would be extremely dangerous.
thanks! I'll be there late tomorrow. Hope to see you!
best party favor from last night- giant woopie cushion. Should I blame you or your dad??
It's hard to dance with a devil on your back so shake him out
omgg, we missed you too! Camille's not teaching it.. I think Brittany is.
#Onthebrightside even though we been over, its kinda cute to know were still in love..
If you need a personal assistant to help keep your clothes warm and safe, I'm available 24/7
We've got 2 of the Final Four teams... Can't wait for Sunday Funday!!!
Ive been raising up my hands, drive another nail in. Just what God needs, one more victim..
God save us all.
What ever happened to Jimmy Neutron?
thanx for the follow. Dont be shy .
Today was a great day!
heard that!
hey dudes! how are yous? oh, thank you =) I'll always do this!
Fargo Rock City
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Cauliflower and Butternut Squash. Sugar Free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.”
“Urgent things have the appearance of importance
#YouveDoneItToo darting while running
she lucky. That's not what's up.
Thx 4 following !! If you board & take shots #LBLD LongBoarding LadyDude check us out on IG & Facebook !!i
no it's just a hobby (not professional) I do online design
haha I know bud. All in good fun. Tell mr zupan to kindly return to the USSR for me
You can only be real with the real
Good idea to brainstorm #mla13 session formats, Ppl here can chime in.
Is that a bad or good thing.
So it's not enough for the Coyotes to get outplayed and out-hustled by the Kings, they have to be outclassed by them, too. Nice trifecta.
#NYACCE12 Lisa Lee and her NY colleagues are moving hard and fast to advance AECP in the Empire State! Bright futures being made here!
Looks awesome!
not here but do you know radian6?
listening to you, makes me want to start dancing in the streets.
do you got any off days still? lets hit up cedar point.
I gotta b in the city till 5ish cuzzy
I use to call goose bumps " Goose Nuts " xD
Great to meet you, Hollywood Tweet! :-)
did you use a
imagine all the wonderful people you could meet at a game!
I mean hey lol
i'm out. got to work a 12 hr shift tomorrow. good night, you snugly bastards
84% of U.S. Small Businesses Using Mobile Marketing See Increase in New ... - Sacramento Bee
restart semester in Boston today: get the "kids" goin' stompin' and ready to take on 21st c. challenges They r all heroes!
quote of the day, "she looks like a chicken Mcnugget!" lmao<U+E412>
RT": Just because I don't react, doesn't mean I don't notice."
Rock it out! RT Getting ready for Root for the Roots at Basil Elementary. Carrot taco anyone?
Is there an emoticon for being annoyed?
Chowchilla CA! RT : If Khloe &amp; I take a city what city should it be??? #Kim&amp;KhloeTake...
Uh, if im going to poo anyway it might as well be at work while im getting paid overtime.
For sure-- it's a pretty unique department, so if you've got any questions please feel free-- congrats on the faculty appointment!
Getting a cast on the ankle on Friday. Realizing all the things I won't be able to do with a three-week cast.
Fun interview with Samuel Joseph Wurzelbacher (Joe the Plumber) on "Free for All Friday," talking about common sense tax reform!
We use Mail Chimp with no problems. Powerful and easy to use with good resources for learning.
i have things and rants i want to post. but restraint is called for. so i shall primal scream instead
Fat Tire Beer has arrived in the 434. Holla!
Thanks for pointing out OSU loss. Now I am 0-5 this weekend.
i feel yu G
Somebody, please tell Sec. Clinton to go inside and not come out until she has a new haircut. My gosh, that's frightening.
good night. you are a highly productive sleeper.
sweet, its on! Nite!
Watching casino royale. James bond is my man. Love me a good tux.
KISS ME, kiss me Infect me with your love and Fill me with your poison Take me, ta-ta-take me Wanna be a victim Ready for abduction
mole tweet
Well, that was frustrating.
how's it going? I'm gonna be late for the civil wars.
I see you made it through the night LMAO
Thank you so much!!! I love your song One on One!! Your voice is soo amazing!! =)
Sounds like a Putamayo cd in here.
im not going to sleep, im eating
when da pimps in da crib ma drop it like its hot.
Well at least the #Yankees showed up today. Great outing for Kuroda
shit yeah.. me too. i need to do that review lmao. I hope so too that'd make everything easier..
But you have time for a nap too! DO IT ALL! That's what I say :) Lovely seeing you this morning!
Inadvertently kicking hornet nests at work. Too many projects to worry about subtlety...
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 72
What a great picture thanks for sharing and dining! RT : Went to brunch this past sunday and had Peanut butter and jelly...
early 20's!
hell yeah! BRING IT BITCHES ;D
honesty. what a concept
I hate to play favorites but indie movies (and tv) coming out of Britain, especially Channel/Film 4, affect me like almost nothing else.
See on FB from Irish fellow: "When you come, bring some teabags. We like to drown them in boiling water over here." LOVE IT!
“: Hopefully school gets rained out tom”
scraps stomped his paw & told the man 2 sign the deal memo to make him the agency creative director. but he's playing hardball w/scraps.
is that an invitation?
Perhaps the tradition Rush is upholding is Mormon.
Are you going to include the old school rabbit ears?
Getting close - In Hilliard you have the torment of small intrastucture & bad traffic. In a few days Roberts Rd opens up to 5 lanes. HUGE!
Follow my bro
How bout we get my station a few more followers up in here??? You'll be happy you did!!!
Further consolidation in media #ZiffDavis purchased by
Oh lord lol RT : I guess were going to the strip club..
This is way harder than I thought it was gonna be.
Haven't paid attention at all and the one second I tune in, Jill says "the cunts that stink" #igetthreecreditsforthis?
My cat is licking himself bald.
If life throws you lemons, throw them back!
thanks for the mention. I got out of a lecture and had all these followers. It was like Xmas. Hope webinar went well!
This Guy
I don't care... Anything. As long as it's not boring . Haha
Good choice making Aceves the closer for now. Should make him happier about being in the bullpen and he can do a good job there.
Just hit the 300 mark for jobs I've applied to. Any day now, something's gotta give, right?.... um, right?
I do not like twitter from my phone.
is your relationship status really single right now ?
#WW Black #Atlanta radio tweeple: ;-D
:( RT NEWS: The Fountain Square location of has closed. Stay tuned for future plans!
I wonder if they're still sitting down there waiting on MKG?? Lol
What's up everybody?
Hi lady! Long time no see. Hope you are well.
Thanks for checking in today! #TwSIG. Lively discussion in the backchannel, good day all around.
Abortion is the way to go !
OH MY GOSH. matching sweaters for the win right there<33
neither was I.
ok no problem you welcome
agreed - however, you also see entitlement on part of pedestrians, walking into a busy street without looking
#MySexPlaylist How Soon is Now - The Smiths
If you want happiness for an hour, take a nap...
damn it well I just have to get rid of you
you get injured a lot :p
Thank you.
Want to change up your workout? Change your location, different scenery can make a huge difference in your mind set.
"All that we see and seem is but a dream within a dream." -Edgar Allan Poe (sounds like 'Inception'...)
Need windows / doors replaced in Albuquerque, Rio Rancho, Placitas or Bernalillo-call your Pella Fella-Jeff 505-362-0529. PellaSW.com
I never prescribed to the argument, but is it absurd to question the content of one's character based on their actions?
First time flying since the jetblue incident..I think need a drink or maybe the oxygen bar. Hopefully my pilot is normal..
After I squash this test tomorrow, I think I might offer to give #CourtneytheTA a makeover...seriously
So much to do... So little time!
I'm shitttttty
~ why do u mean by 100k for ? What's up homie?
i wish would dm me ._.
To clarify, I think it's important to recognize male privilege, specifically. But I think how oppression and sexism operate >
Uh, I don't remember, mighta gotten it from Lauren. She told me to follow a bunch of people - mainly hockey people.
Let the success of others motivate you! Your day will come.
Trying to load mp4 video to Edmodo. Why is this so challenging?
wow that sounds awesome!
A girl that stays by my side through anything >>>>
It would be kinda ironic if Lidstrom retires now. Both He and Yzerman would have played their last games w/ loses in the 1st Rd of Playoffs
When annoying bitches randomly sing for compliments.
let me in and ill show you.. where do I sign.
so freakin bored!
Need to spruce up TD Ameritrade Park this year; can we at least bring back the yellow, blue, and red seats from Rosenblatt?
#failed I do not click links if I am NOT following you
She said black men made her horny...I just left
Show NEXT monday....Free! And its an important one...please come support if you can, and hang out with us!
Come try our tasty Beef Tongue tacos!!! dont forget to add lots of green salsa!
Thanks. I am going to Jonanesburg, Durban and Cape Town. Got any tips?
I wouldn't mind (: you have such an awesome dad :P
Logic does fail me, because I want the world to be a better place and to see people taking a smaller piece of the pie
yeah, so I looked it up. Still gross
I was about to reply to your tweet but then i thought ' Don't get into another Twitter War' Not today anyway...
Thanks for supplying the great recipes, Neghar! Now I have to buy a new oven and try and find all those crazy ingredients.
Mom’s making fritochilipie. Hey check out this new Nostradamus prophecy, when Gaia offers poison from her cup the pig will die a slow death.
#Boxing Odds: Mayweather is a -800 favorite, up from an opening line of -600. Cotto is +550.
City love: pink wintersky through dusk skyline silhouettes
Lost in LA, a teen novel, includes a Latino brain, a goth queen and a Chinese American athlete supporting a creative girl with ADD & a dream
haha too bad I actually have one of those - see the welcome to wanderfly keynote presentation
Every introductory video showing off an app or web product is a flippin rip-off of Apple. Cue lame happyish piano music and white background
Things I could have poached from pedestrians as I rode my bike to work on Friday: a case of beer, a latte, a cigarette, a small baby.
True! “: Friendship Style by a #Scorpio: A Scorpio friend will always keep it real with you no matter what happens in life.”
Thanks for all the #FF love!
cant wait to go to Madison tomorrow ....
i didn't mean it and u know that
feline pancreatitis...any innovative new treatments? my mom's cat was just Dx :(
The lineup at the Rubicon is crazy today! 10 Sierra Nevada beers + casks galore! You don't want to miss this! Sun, beer and more beer!
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 17
#hirefriday Learning & Performance Pro ~ CPLP Candidate ~ Training ~ UCLA Alum ~ Los Angeles ~ Orange County, CA
Hi Martha, as a student and resident I did my trauma rotations at Parkland~Dallas and Harborview~Seattle.
NO I WON'T.
Are you at an Apple store by any chance? /cc
Love can be gifted or earned. The reality is, it takes balls. If you have it, bring it on if not, buzz off.
Thanks! Glad we could participate!
send a pic of the lovely pooch you have and let's find him a great home... Thanks! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
I know that's what I was thinkin
Am I the only person watching that finding bigfoot show? It's not a comedy but it is hilarious.
we have a couple. I don't bother.
If you're gonna start complaining I'm going to stop texting you.
today the early social is at Tavern on the Green and hanging out a Citrine nyc.
CHECK YOUR DMS.
My mom won't let me get this bird :(
Is it really that nice ? -.-
Remember my sentimental friend, you will be judged not by how much you love, but by how much you are loved. ~ Wizard of Oz
Ok.. #Grammys. Not a big fan of LadyGAGA, esp since her meat costume, but she did a great performance tonight. just less makeup, right?
Steph Curry your 2011 taco bell skills challenge winner #finishitoffdorell!
"There are only 2 reasons why people can hurt you. 1. You really care about them 2. They don't care about you"
must start work on dreaded eportfolio. prob helpful exercise but like i have time w/ internship, classes, job and job search
Lord forgive me for my sins im just trying to make before my time ends
hopefully if you do take pics :-)
Q&A session begins. Again the theme of learning how to work the political /legal system to your advantage comes up.
It's lunchtime in Vegas, your stomach is rumbling. We think you need to come try out our new All-American burger and fries joint, NOW!
Man the abs is starting to come out aw snaps by next week it's bout to be a wrap lol it's time to transform lol
Cats need love-have you hugged your feline today? Meow!
RT today has been one long exercise in procrastination so far....
How long are orioles going to keep these guys bringing nothing to the table?
funny, we just walked by hotel deville. Cc
I'm hungry for isolation
I am terribly sorry, believe me when I say I never received a tweet from you. I am more than happy to answer any question :)
At Hartigans Pub for the night and I wish you all a fun and safe night. Have a blast!!
Hope you enjoy it!
I really do wish we cn have a friendship lik we had last yr bt datz nt gonna happen =,(
not far enough.
I want to go back to the days of Throwdown and Wheels on
It's National Dog Week!It started in 1928 to increase appreciation for our furry friends.Are you going to celebrate with your best friend?
Thanks boo! :)
Aw thanks! this other paper is never going to go away, it seems. But I can't wait to take a break to read yours!
wow thankyou :) sub to me and ill sub back yeah? inbox me on youtube :)))))
I just put it on my calendar for the last Monday of the month, good reminder for me!
no boubt! Tryna get to Memphis to get some wrk dome with u in Memphis to?
Wats that App yu be using to download mixtapes
if Cleveland fired him under King James; what makes you think LA would keep him longer than a season?
If I get athlete's foot or a plantar's wart from taking my shoes off in the airport, can I sue the terrorists for a forced no-class action?
dude.. coffee it is then x
yu ah senior?
what do u have in there for ps3?
my flt made it 1 hour early to #PHX. Sounds like you had a very different experience on your flights today. :(
Flores brings a new perspective and open ears. Will help kids become strong community members.
any updates?
Indeed. I will let you know if hear anything. I expect the same.
Did you confirm your acc? Go to your email that you used to make the twitter ad you'll have a mail fo confirmation.
OMG that was soo passionate and I like cried a little. I want to come though the computer and hug you! Oh B he really hurt :(
Baby dick, itty bitty baby dick.
Friendship consists in forgetting what one gives, and remembering what one receives. -Alexandre Dumas
fine them a million bucks and make them sit for a season.
Christmas isn't just a day.. Its a state of mind.
Green Tip: No Streak Window Cleaner; 1 cup white vinegar 2 tablespoons isopropyl alcohol. Pour into spray bottle. Shake well before using.
oh I got it but he just said "this" btw good to know u still cant think of any new jokes. NMA must be proud
so, why don't they use 'em to pay down the debt?
.. thank u so much and please stay connected! =)
Linh Dinh gives a rambling talk, ranging from internet as an illegit replacemnt for local commun to commun as inward-turning fragmentation.
Oh my!!! You should blog about that. Where was he? What's he wearing, etc. Details please?
Took the past hour to buy one thing with my rewards zone certificate
how are you??
Me: I want to do a coming of age ceremony like african vs quince.. M: ur not african... Me: For my final presentation -__-
hi Danny I'm guest tweeter for today. This is so awesome. Wanna guess who I am? Got plans for April 14th?
Getting ready for our tour!
no silly on your phone
any US tour plans that are making a stop in Minneapolis this summer? :)
All right, the videos have finished uploading. Here come the links... /te
You had me at "Dog House."
bah. time for May theatre-going panic attack.
/// Who would like to see Denver win tonight? I would...
Barrack Obama is a genius. Now he'll get all the gays to vote for hin instead of that sympathizing Morman.
But the great philosopher Socrates once said "Without drunk tweeting, life becomes so empty."
Almost! The retreat starts this afternoon.
Dude is faster than you would think.
If I get sick right before finals there will be strict friendship demerits issued. And I hope you feel better.
#clioF11: you should be forever asking: where's the grid?
"Tonight we our young, so let's set the world on fire we can burn brighter than the sun."
have fun! Touch those sexy wanted boys for me!
I can handle any truth if it's presented in a timely manner.
I want to go home. Sick of everyone
Backstreet Boys just came on in Lowes. What?
Research has consistently shown exercise and healthy eating to be most efficient and healthful way to control your weight.
compares his basketball movie to Color of Money.
The stump by Chris's fence next to Bob's driveway.
R.I.P Nick. I loved you so much. You were my best friend. So many memories. I will miss you so badly, every single day. Keep smiling :')
Hoping to find a small table, some chairs, planters, and a rug.
My blood pressure is 100/60. The doctor says that's a little low.
Great stuff happening in Chicago.
"You go girl!" Actual quote tonight, Eleanor Clift to John McLaughlin.
having trouble waiting for Fall term to start. I'm ready to be done with my undergrad. Three more terms!
If you really believe in what's important, the risk and sacrifice is worth it.
Lexington Plastic Surgeons is proud to sponsor the Harlem Little League and congratulates them for winning the championship.
Thank you thank you THANK YOU! for writing this. RT'ing now
I wonder how long it would take a giraffe to throw up.
won't have to wait long...tomorrow
Working on some custom #StarWars themed guitar skins!
Thanks guys! Awesome adrenaline rush going here!
There are more plastic flamingos in this world than there are real ones.
Just woke upp...?
Sometimes you miss only one person but it feels like the whole world is empty...
Beat the Easter Bunny Run 5k @ Seward Park - beautiful morning for a run and a gr8 cause!!!
The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure. -Chinese Proverb
So hard to focus on such a beautiful day. Can't wait for #familydinner with in the backyard!
then make it beer for lunch, also!
A beast tonight. Respect RT : Good sportsmanship by Royce White. That kid can flat out play. Wish he was in a Kentucky uniform.
Thank you! I dig your work as well. Where do you teach?
They're roughly contemporary! But there's not much connection.
Well we will see you guys at the finish line! good luck
Sorry , well if youre not keith then u must be mouth...right?
Bored can't sleep not going to school tomorrow because of the party so there's a plus :D
RT : Find old film of Patrick Ewing RT I thought I sweat a lot until I saw Dexter Manley on REAL Sports.
I hate the winter
btw, Heather and Miles were amazing AGAIN last night at Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre - Los Angeles!!!
. thanks for pressing the happy button! We'd love to follow up with you about it. We'll be tweeting updates.
I dont think I was stoned enough to understand the artist
Please, Derrick, don't hurt 'em!
Only when he dies will a few non-art followers remember his name.
lm listeninig to the break up song right now! Its tight!!
I like you because we both hate the same people.
got my appendix removed. It sucked, but I'm good now. Just sore. How's the studio?
Damn lowkey i thought wiz was falling off but this nigga mixtape heat
Happy Weekend darlings! : Happy Aloha Friday!
im considering ... 3 outta 10 who!
She's on Logan..
WOW! what a shot by chandler parsons!
You're brave!
Happy Valentine's Day, Microfilm Lovers!
hm, that sounds legit as hell! when u want me to come?!?!
Of all the things you wear, your expression is the most important
Just studied Genesis 12.1-20 wit kids, then we acted it out... Good times
#getoverit rocked the #TEDActive stage with her limitless living. Giving that talk might have been harder than tough mudder!
My condolances goes out to the family of famed hairstylist, Vidal Sasoon, who I've learned of his death earlier today.
hey what the word on the bus
Being sick while in my favorite US city (Miami) sucks. I've taken 3 hot showers to help clear my sinuses today. Can anyone say prune?
Thank you for tweeting on my behalf last night. You really did me justice
I already knew this, but this past weekend really showed how great my family is and how awesome my friends really are, thank you so much ...
That can be arranged
ORLANDO vs STEAK - We are just hours away from the biggest eating showdown Orlando has ever seen! Free BBQ dinner for all vets & military!
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!42
Why am I still up? ....oh yeah
I was so busy at our booth today that I was only able to consume 3 Chips Ahoy! cookies all day today.
if you type in all caps I'm not following you back -_-
yeah me too
true but I would be shocked if the Cubs really made a playoff run next year.
Best of luck bud, be sure to check out my new post on Checkered Socks! Take care.
Devery Henderson a solid fantasy football pick up this week to the loss of colston for 4 weeks and lance moore still injured! atleast 15 pts
Great thing about new office is that I can walk across the street to sonic.
We've added some new products and our new Specialty Blends to our website! Check us out at www.bathandbodybistro.com
You might also want to take a look at this month's Vanity Fair where they talk about the rise and fall of celebrity
whoa. alta vista is still around?
Yay my softball team won
oh sorry I missed you Sonny! I'm at a photo shoot today! I'm adding photographer to my resume...lol
I don't trust no one
Mad props to Philly fucking shit up at Chicago <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream- Van Gogh
Will do. sproutsocial is winning with the ease of use at the moment.
San Onofre Shutdown Could Trigger Power Outages During Heat Wave CBS Local SAN CLEMENTE (AP) — It will take more than the flip of a switc
RT Oh Lord! Here we go ha ham : Looking fwd to spending more time with a special someone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
aw thanks hun!
Gotta try you guys out. RT : That's the #Flyfever!: : I can't believe that I love
We're about to find out if Coffee > Allergies & Swollen Eyes. Experiment in progress.
#RIP Elizabeth Taylor sorry to hear of death from heart failure. There are whole food nutrients that can heal heart failure
dude! My toes are purple! Haha
neat, it's certaninly an awesome day outside for it.
Evangelical neighbors: Why is your "worship music" so bad?
There's this, maybe a delay. Just wanted to check. RT : Embed button appears on vids that are a couple days old.
do it": This dude should be arrested for giving people these set up ass crooked tattoos lls. I would Twitpic them
Stay tuned... don't you think he'll want to defend his #LadyHero title?
Heat already have 8 turnovers
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent - Eleanor Roosevelt
Well designed play. TD #Eagles 7-0 over the Cowboys
It takes time, & I think people don't realize it takes a whole lot of money to be accessible. Will people even ask?" - Joffe
“: Send us your comments on whether you think the Packers should rest or start there starters this weekend”( Pack should rest THEIRs )
Happy Veterans day from Spa ME. Our Veterans are so special!
What did you say to the policeman who spent eight hours on the Internet?Oh give it arrest.
Congratulations! :-D
Since Shelby lives down the street from me, I should TP her house before I leave..
Capitalize please.
"Walk it off."
Weekend sports calendar
Thanks, guys.
Has twitter helped your business grow and helped you find new customers? Let us know and you could be featured in the next CRA newsletter.
Follow the globetrotters!
Anyone know where to get cool gifts for designers?
I'll buy ya a greasy Bacon cheeseburger and a beer for all your effort. Thanks pal.
Based on SS's and table dynamics I will 60% EP limp trap AA or KK looking to induce raise and either back raise or cold 3 and re-evaluate
": Why?? :(("Cuz i fuckin hate you and my boyfriend is literaly half demon
tossing coupons like frisbees $15 off the swim system "JuliusCAESEAR" www.h2ofriendly.com
that's how "real" Mothers do! :)
If you have something to say, say it. Never hold back or hesitate
hey this might be for FontSquirrel, but i cant get WOFF fonts generated by icomoon to work in chrome/Safari mobile. other types ok
- AJ looking to go 4-0! We just have to make sure his personal calendar always says APRIL!
Lets get this second half started.
Taylor Swift said yes<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>
I still love the some devil cd. Always has and always will be my fab.
64 Days till SPENCER
#ninelives the fight at the peir when Chloe was trying to save Vanessa
I need food
so presumptuous to think humans = animals. We only know this through the Bloodhound Gang. Before that song it was all mystery
No one said you were
follow back plzzzz
you have us;) we love you
No GM yet, at least that I know of!
my thoughts may change later on, im only half way through
Gettin sleepy but can't fall asleep till this phone call
“Impatience never commanded success.”
i am getting a little worried. we a re not attacking.
Used to move to snowflakes by the oz
tests you have to take in New York, they're like finals but 10x harder -___-
I'm @ #NCAA women's match: MD vs. USNA. Pretty fun to watch.
Great book club discussion of The Paris Wife tonight. Next up: Little Bee by And yes, I'm in 3 (count 'em) 3 book clubs.
oh Bloobmerg terminal support, how i love thee.
thanks for the follow! Keep on rocking Dave!
that awkward moment when you get nervous when The New Directions go to nationals
Followed everyone back :))) if I missed you tell me x
At the last monthly board meeting in the old clubhouse...
Giving thanks to our Creator for centuries of sacred Motherhood synergy that seers our lives w/love that fibers our being w/ favor. © dmp
sure DM me
Great quote! “: "A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams." ~ John Barrymore”
A year ago today was one of the saddest day of my life. I miss you, Jimmy.
thanks ..lol that's not my phone number now I have on it ... I moved so its different now lol
Pun intended
yeah, they also have a HUGE selection of cheap but badass glasswear made for specific types of wines + beers
Tell something good about me,lots of things plz :)
hey you jump in this ride !!!! ;P
Couldn't see the #SuperMoon because of clouds in DC
Bored once again
bet is jealous of that! Be careful hazza;) hehe
THANK YOU!!!! for sharing our kids needs!
Just what I wanted! RT : Spent my normal Twitter time shoveling! Happy Valentine's Day, ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
FUN FACT: St. Drunken's mother was a maid to a noblewoman's maid.
Googled piano sheet music, sat down to play and realized I can, in fact, use an iPad. An HP laptop just ... doesn't sit well on a piano.
Florida, US <3
go lower
and Austin?
he's single
Vote totals keep changing in Supreme Court race. Latest numbers show Prosser opening up his lead. Still very early.
im glade to see 18 and see 2012 thats a blessing
Plume is some bullshit, but I've gotten too used to it to change
k. Glad to hear that. So, come to my house
hey what's up?
Mama told me that if you can't say something nice about an overall Coachella lineup, don't say anything at all. So _____
The spirit of Christ is the spirit of missions; and the nearer we get to Him, the more intensely missionary we become. -Henry Martyn
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.
sure. You know I can get more girls tho. Seriously. Just stop <U+270B>
nigga u need to hear my new shyt
lmao order that shit for saturday
Such a word filled day. Time to make a massive mess in my kitchen :)
Overheard in the newsroom just now: "You know what it smells like? My mother's roast."
Just realized I'm missing my Lakers' game two of the playoffs to see you in concert tomorrow. Feel special. :) x
oh wow! Congrats!
im not bullying you. :/ if I said I wanted your body, would you hold it against me?
MY EMOTIONS RIGHT NOW RT : Just finished the las Vegas now. Now hanging out with , lovely bloke! Say hi
agreed! thanks heather!
Congrats for running in the St. Jude's Country Music Marathon today!
lol no lie, I was going thru my ties this week wondering where they all went, you, & each have 1 lol
Those of you with : WHY HAVE YOU NOT BEEN SPOILING THIS WHOLE TIME?! #DoctorWho Looking at you,
I recently had "cannibalism"... I think it was on a Yahoo CAPTCHA. Sounds like a trending topic to me.
Mom: are you going out tonight? Me: no. Mom: oh, is it because you have no one to go out with?
I am thankful for having a job right now and want to pray that all those who are looking or not happy with theirs, keep the faith
If there was no death in Garden of Eden, where did God get skins to clothe Adam and Eve? (Genesis 3:21)
: (*laughs*) i would assume so! [i don't actually know this band; a friend of mine knows someone in it, & was telling me about it.]
i still can't believe that today was breast cancer awareness day at busch stadium. and on the 13th. my grandma was definitely with me <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I am Tired!!
#ASH11 Gotta love getting a free massage especially foot while walking around the Exhibition hall - Booth 647.
That should go without saying. Who wants to get on a subway with couture?
I haven't sampled anything yet. Feedback from our partners is very positive.
ATEC/EMAC showcase is on 4/20/11. Deadline for entries is 3/23! If you've got ideas, you want in on this. More details coming tomorrow...
Ah! Super busy rush at the store! Nothing like slinging tons of coffee to get the old blood pumping!
Imma just stick with Chocolate. Vanilla is good to look at and all, but I'm good..
Thank you egg salad sandwich and two pringles for making me puke. I didnt want to be at work anyway.
Happy Wednesday! Half way to the weekend! :)
#DFWRhinos, do not despair!! There is still time!! Keep writing! We'll get there!!
so he jst ruined my whore day with that shyt
that and the White album are where it's at broski
Don't lose ya boobs
man workin my but off. You
yes it is
Helping kids print off pictures for projects. Frustrating that different computers have different versions of Word.
#NYGiants win today is a proud moment in my football watching career.
"Use technology to make human time precious." Great quote by
Haha gotcha. Maybe a book of quotes.
i followed follow back
Preparing for this weekend in Washington DC! Yippee!! We'll be bringing our new t-shirts too
Peace to T-Man and the hosts at ..thanks for a wonderful interview...You all are good people..I C it already!
Dinner is cooked 4 2morrow its my brother RIP SMOOVE 24th Bday!!! Love u lil brother & miss u so much!
Who likes my backround picture? (; <3
Saying "I couldn't control myself" is like the old Flip Wilson, "The devil made me do it." While funny...it's not true.
Wld takin a shot b4 my photoshoot b considered drinkin on the job??
Chilling with Obama.
also twitter needs to figure out DM notifications. for real. i keep getting old dms marked as new
Lets take a trip to Louieville so I can get Debo to shut up about how no one visits. Miss you and the village!
Thanks - we're proud of our accomplishment and flattered at the same time.
Great thanks to the Denver Sports media -- great coverage of the NFL Draft. Now get some sleep!
Looking forward to it! Thank you!
Best of Bacon #2: Asparagus w warm bacon Brie dressing
Thanks, , for following!
lol don't get off For An few days stay on
From Twin-City Sentinel July 7, 1917 about Reynolda: "Rocks, rocks, rocks..." were everywhere.
the screen is the mirror and the page
I've been hibernating again. My sleep abilities are returned. This is probably a sign my brain chems are happy once again. Troopers, <3.
Ah, the perspective of youth. :-)
. Would like to interview you for What's the best way to get in touch?
hey....stop and hug your dog!!
Got mine at target in madison... Try there?RT : Anyone know where I can get an #ipad2 in #MKE? Is Radio Shack carrying them?
Easier said than done.
Stopped by 2night for dinner in Temecula, Ca. & met the most disengaged service staff ever. Great Food, Bad Experience Wow!
Oh my god. I hate being put on hold.
Go follow herr!! (:
flying to CanCun tonite on the RedEye spending Easter on the Beach!!! Happy Easter weekend all!
Having and withdrawls. :(
no problem!! have a blast!!
Its My BIRTHDAY!
I shall see you soon!!
a little from column A, a little from column B
I have great respect for organizations that take the time to say 'thanks, but no thanks.' In my experience, this has been rare.
my aunt passed!!!! Where the hell you been??????
Club Med seminar tonight at Eddie Merlot's.
if you are what you eat, this week i'm a banh mi sandwich.
RT : Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve ~ Napoleon Hill
:o the world may never know.
gus and i are having our 1st date night pretty much since the babys been born tonight! WOO! :] im gonna have me a drank lol
Mad hungry.. Ready to go home :) #sandwich time
Gonna have a grilled cheese for lunch in honor of the homie Big Handsome. Happy Birthday!
missed it :( but in sure there will be a bagillion tweets with videos lol
Heard was in my hometown of New Bern today. He better not have went to the factory - that is for locals only!!!
daytime television sucks
Orlando, actually!
I can imagine you sitting there thinking what the hell are they talking about? :P
Nope because it was with my fiance. But she cheated on me and now I'm a female pleaser. So it worked out fine for me! lol
i need that say 10 hat super cool :P
- Sorry, I'm a little behind on my Twitter replies. Things are good, Jeff. I'll call u and share. How goes your music project?
#ICanHonestlySay that I have a love/hate relationship with moneys.
Holy produce batman! #RawFood Challenge grocery shopping complete!
Anyone know anything about home networking?
Last night,she danced with the devil on pointe.He told her she moved like an angel.He said this was the first time that he missed his wings.
that's awesome haha
In meeting. Got in late due to traffic.
we're your license plates stolen? You lost me at 900 police officers
My 1k tweet goes out, as a shoutout, to the greatest woman I have ever known. My wife and best friend
He had learned over the years that poor people did not feel so poor when allowed to give occasionally. - Lawana Blackwell
We're excited! RT Del Mar Hilton bridal show on Thursday April 28~ should be a very relaxing, fun night ~
Anyways.. Im so classic!
long as you wear pants you're good :)
I'm working with new Red Cross shelter workers tonight on a shelter simulation exercise. Training 10 days before Xmas = dedication!
V-Twin Expo almost here!! Will you be there? Stop by booth #792 and chat with industry pro's about protecting your ride.
omg chocolate pudding
#action - it's more fun that way. Thinking, regretting comes later
So you're completely shaved down there?
Six flagss opens may 5th! :D
Hey Paul, thanks for the follow, Cleveland Rocks!
Pick one from Philly.
Conveyor of brief t-storms cont to move through for areas/spots mainly north of I94. Esp north Waukesha, south Washington and Ozaukee
can you follow me back pleasee
This shit is making me mad.... -___-
Tried to tough it out at work, but I'm pretty sure I have the flu. Home now. Hoping I can sleep and feel better.
One of my favorite writers retweeted me! I'm marking out!
you left me to cry myself to sleep every night
Lost four pounds over night? Weird but keep it coming!
Don't lie to the girl of your life for the hoe of the night.
how was hell? math?
haha that's great! :)
No doubt
callie should penny loafers always have a penny in them
Lmao like omg your VGA cable is so big hahaha
Very disappointed that they didn't keep Manning. He's a class act and showed it at the press conference.
Yes! I feel like nude pretty much goes with anything...
jealous! Lol. It's chicken wrap night here. :)
Happy Birthday to the man!! Bleed Black! #TBLO#
Eating me some yummy frosted flacks
Q1 Once teachers realize that online Britannica is as good as print, we'll be OK. Oh+getting all kids comp. access would be good.
follow , i think you'll really like it
try rubbing a little dimetapp in her mouth with ur finger
what size do you wear?
lol, mines are illegal
Northwestern Dodge and west central Fond du Lac county under a Severe Thunderstorm Warning until 10 am.
On tonight's Big Bang Theory Raj thinks he has overcome his fear of talking to women, tune in at 6:30!
BTW I'm
Stomach is hurting so bad right now like ugh.
Cousins and RG I? Seems like overkill to me.
lol..is that why u up?
It has been... It has been...
Nightly shout out to Your awesome and me and think you are the best!!
I MISS HANNAH :(
If I'm home by 7:30am I can stay c;
over it! My bad! Go 83! Again my bad
Why is it that I always get lost no matter what when leaving manhattan? Brooklyn and I are still working out our differences ..
I'm so jealous!
Wow!!! That was the best game i've seen in a while. Go thunder! If you missed the last minute, you missed it!
Napalm's such a G
Why yes! Mwah-ah-ah-ah!
lolol. GUYS REMEMBER HIM?! He prob is mad cause Dylan's not gay and won't date him. Sorry b!
i don't even know why i bother -____-
VERY Pebbles Flintstone!
Come in and let me do your hair! I need to fill my books this week and next!
While traveling - Discover not only the country you are visiting but as well a little bit more about yourself.
Juke Box Hero..
"Be open, honest & transparent" - I don't think I'd have a problem with that
The flurry of tweets about dumping Instagram is amazing. Take that, Facebook!
How strangely silent Hollywood is on the situation in the Gulf! I'm not suprised sellouts are usually afraid to bite the hand the feeds them
Twitter should add a tracking tags feature like tumblr. That way you can see when people tag something You like.
Mascots go everywhere you want to be. They get media attention that can't be bought. We'd love to make a Quaker! He an icon!
Thanks for such an awesome review! We are so glad you had such a great experience. You will definitely have to come back soon!
THANK YOU!!! Ima be like "London girls are prettier, remember" But I ain't mad though, Lol
i got 2 min left on my last 10 min break...got this far...might as well finish it..hey did your mom get you the permit test with?
“: Listening to this dope cd by ”
Cole world
Bout to see mike epps
That look he gave me <<<<
My new album being broke is a sin drops tomorrow.. Free INSTORES and Online 2mrw.GET READY!!!
follow back? :-)
I'm watching Roland Guerin at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012
Ah, but you would not wear it as well as does. :-)
Like a hanger, we may be crooked; but God’s grace can straighten anything.
Squeasel and I are watching The Fabulous Stains on Netflix ondemand.
How much was the cyclone?
I go into the living room and Adrienne's watching The Nigthmare on Elm Street..I haven't watched this since I was 5..it traumatized me. o.o
If we could get #chatwadrianday trending, it'd make my week. cc
I'm totes wearing bright red lipstick too
Man time is goin by to damn slow!!!
so hungry but i can't find shorts so I don't want to come out of my room....
Behind every great man is a wonderful woman
Lift high the cross the love of Christ proclaim let all who sing proclaim His glorious name.
Save 20 Percent on This Sophisticated Houndstooth Dress! We 've been crazy about houndstooth lately, and everybody from Lady Gaga to Kim
so far so good, but this is a very challenging period...
I didn't
#ABDC IS BACK! LET'S GO SEASON 7
haha I'm serious..we was at da beach
"but nothing shakes me like your love does." <3
Are you currently HP P4000 certified? Would you like to be?
#FF b/c he's new to twitter, it's his bday, and his film just screened at the MPLS film festival - YAY!
my dads side of the fam are a bunch of Chelsea lovers, moms side lives up by Manchester (but yes I am from London)
I had the sunroof open today while driving. Insanity.
in contrast, Harkes makes it sound ridiculously hard.
Hollywood weight loss with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
I love how I'm getting mobey my first day back :')
Texas pollen and allergies: vengeance is mine
TY4RT TIME IS NOW only 3 days left to raise funds to get this documentary to Capitol Hill! ... fb.me/19PGCdIBD
Thanks for your interest in Dive! The DST really appreciates it! Follow the band officially
that's so sad. I miss it:( and going through her closet getting all those skirts and dresses and high heels playin dress up.
thank you for all your support!
I'm sorry <U+E108>
University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
The Mission Inn in #Riverside one of a select group of SoCal hotels & resorts to receive the 2012 A Four Diamond Award...
I don't leave until the end of May.. I'd love to see you
Half the house has no power.. Why does it have to be the side with my room & the internet?
A Thousand Flat Toes: The Ballet RT : A Thousand Plateaus: The Musical
I don't work but, the money I do have is for funiture my daughter bills. I know how 2 fix this problem!
Now offering rates for web design services, that beat the industry averages. Email for details.
“: "Losers have to suck the winners toes"” being completely serious
Call (800) 349-4824 for a FREE DIAGNOSIS . . . We don't bite!
thanks very much! Just wait till its all done!
looks and sounds like you are having fun !!! Enjoy :)
you guys should follow me cause today is my birthday and that would be the BEST gift :)
Today’s junior jerk, tomorrow’s senior partner
Ask not what your country can do for you. Ask what your country has done to you.
Good choice!
i wish someone would do something nice for me
#LastTimeIChecked Money was still the subject
Holly Cheever DVM: Amer Veterinary Medical Assoc supports horse slaughter, "plays for the other team." advocate wisely!
Mayweather is so full of himself.
follow back <3
You are welcome. 're cute <3 ;)
We’re starting in Mexico and ending in Kentucky! Cinco de #Derby Pub Crawl action all day. Salud!
you and me, we don't "follow". Not our style.
don't cry
Having, hopefully, a dumb moment - I can't find the #Brewers game on Uverse
Listening to while driving home! Hopefully I'll get to catch the show tonite! :)
Thanks for shout out! RT : RT : Interviews CEO & Chandan Board Member Bill Hoffman...
ahh the simple things in life :)
Don't blame ya! Wanted to do the same, but needed to get a proposal done first.
Whatever you say man. Haha. And her name is Alex. I'm pretty sure she is following you. :) You didn't scare her, don't worry.
Try the green and the red chile sauce - on everything! They are deliciously and distinctly different. Fan of both!
GO TO MY WEDDING NOWWW
take the bus yo
If you're saying that the rain isn't cuddle weather then you most likely are ugly, short, and don't/won't have anybody to cuddle with
I'm SO excited (: I'm not gonna lie !
No lie, no lie, no li e i e i
Does your prom commitee need help with coordinating your prom. If so, have them contact Audra 2day... No time to lose. 1(857)203-1690
I'm gonna start making Dr I'm Brad comic strips again
Wonder what kind of elective trepanning services are available in PDX.
Jogged 1 mile to the downtown dallas YMCA... Liftin weights day 1 of warped tour. Possible and showing up?
yeh i'll just get what's legal ctfu cause my car will def stand out with all my yankees decals! <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097> <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0093> <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
"Whichever one turns my poo green." - How I order a snowball
When I'm sleepy you can't hold anything I say against me. Anything could come out.
PRed again today!
I agree! Stimulating the mind is quite exciting.
Most def. Love my daily dose of Panda.
anybody know why prescription drug commercials have started to linger on side effects? for whatever reason, they really milk it.
Is it okay to be home sick? :-\
Most data will never be seem by humans, even with armies of undergrad data slaves G. Djorgovski
I'm having a bit of trouble with the language. Sometimes feel like there are words left out of the dialogue. Still enjoying it tho!
I want to go to a Laker game soon! :(
Ah...missed
omg I really missed a lot !! Thank u for the information my dear, I'm going to watch it !! ;)
Hey , how about a little less sexual harrasin' & and a little more helpin' out ole Bev over here
Best part of this would be the ice cream.
Listening to Tiesto this Monday morning...just call me
Waiting to hear #Newark Mayor speak at #yeshivauniversity college tomorrow
If you come at me foul please be expecting me to come right back at you with a FLAGRANT, I HAVE NO TIME 4 THE BELIGERENCE OF YOUR INSOLENCE!
New followers you are all followed back! Thank you so much!
Tears of joy here! QT : Are you proud of me that I'm tweeting?
I hate the new Facebook
Lawd the way my day going...uh
This is the video that made me decide that we would be the best of friends.....
Fred The Movie may be the most annoying thing i've ever seen.
The AER NJ conference is more than decent. It's one of the best ones! I want to go myself!
And now there is some fucking piece of engine missing?? Not psyched to spend the night in Baltimore or Minneapolis. This day was 2 good?
Hah! Awesome. If they are still open slip over to ICOB for a platter of oysters. Best in the city.
especially since its not opened/released 2 the environment until you open it ((:
What's going on Sis? Will check out your show!
“ Money is dà root of evil i guess I'm da devil den”
thank you Lance! :)
School now bye.
AWWW! You guys are too cute! "You should be playing Sims and trying to figure out how I can move in." -
yo so whats goin on superstar? how did everything go?
Hoping to have some pics where I'm not crying
Just contributed to 's spring pledge drive in honor of the great #waltbodine -- a Kansas City icon. Thanks Mr. Bodine!
Groovy! Have fun!! Thanks for the retweet!
Who knew that printing on recycled paper is out of fashion! Well, we're doing it because we Love the Earth!! Yay!
Dempster's been long overdue for an inning like this, just like Cubs were long overdue to score for him.
hahahaha I totally agree
I love the life I live. so grateful for what I have right now. Also how I life!!
Sometimes Minnesota nice is exhausting. Please - just come out and say what you want to say!!
Yo post-game for Tre Kronor, you wanna finish yourself?
Down In the 45 shooting the last scenes to the new Paintman video "BIG"
lets see how many bottles i can pop tonight,already call the kush man
Part of me wants to talk to you every day, but the other part never wants to talk to you again..
Wow, really douche? I got you. You're acting like a little boy. Grow up and be a man.
Boar Sausage today! Will be closing early around 2:30nd headed to Last Thursday on Alberta. Be there till 930p
Redneck family reunion in the dunkin' donuts parking lot
U would think the airlines would figure out you need to fuel a plane BEFORE departure time
Great meeting yesterday with (www.redapes.org). Looking forward to joining forces and spreading the word about Philibert's Nénette!
Free show tonight! 9 pm. 3 sets of HOT music! Get down to Arnolds and get yo drink on!
nice pic. your bro back?
What is Tom #Izzo's future @ #Michigan State? WWW.USSPORTSPAGES.com
i just made the mistake of reading this tweet to my wife ...thanks
planes trains and amazing movies!
sorry, there is no talent in DC.
yeah she plays bball but instead of vball she wants softball
WHERE is this place?? I'll be back in Atlanta tomorrow and I want one for lunch tomorrow. Thanks 4 sharing.
Had a great meeting with Cynthia & Robert from and hope that we can form a great partnership in Practicum.
#Nobutreally how do middle schoolers acquire more relationships in one year than I've had in my whole life
I like Marco Estrada but he's not a starter, he's a better reliever
from : If you're not a product person but an idea person, go get a product person and build it out!
2nd way I will inspire my burned out kid? Help him write a plan of "attack" - how to accomplish his goals.
Haha! I like it then. Shoot for the stars!
mhm. well he asked me if he wanted to go to da movies with him. and he was so obviously flirting with me. dnt tell him i said this!
Failure is not an option
Friends is by far the GREATEST show EVER made! I wish they were still making episodes! I'm sick today and I'm watching ever season? Umad?:)
probably snapped too much! :-)
Mus-who?? #overit, love that our defense came to play!!
Had the best time at the movie with , my sis and Michael. Don't ever go to the movies w/ us unless u like LOUD SPOILERS ;D
hey buddy, when is a good time for us to swing by and grab the goods?
Silver ecstasy.
RT : what are you doing between Wang and Altuzarra?
Work today!! oh joy -_-
Cleaning out the XBOX friends list to make room for people who will actually play online with me.
plz follow me VINNY u mean so much to me my brother and sister my brother gets made fun of for dancing but he
you will be when you start playing temple run!
Invest some time & energy in shopping around for the right realtor to meet your needs!
If you can't go to a yard sale with me chances are we can't be friends.
Watching our congressional representatives asking questions, you feel why its approval rating is 9 percent.
and that is?
Looks like if I get the flu theyll compare it to MJs flu game. Theyre just throwin comparisons round out there
Weird. In my head dialog = computer, dialogue = human interaction. Like theatre the art vs. theater the building.
Well then can you come to the NW side to eat the ones that are dive-bombing my screen? I have work to do..
A new study shows that a left-handed person is more likely to develop schizophrenia over someone who is right-handed.
Question and answer sessions never really seem to have questions in them....smdh
aye big bro nd big sis, Prom is Friday
“: Good man! Shot 86 at Shawnee today....Windy as hell!”nice round, didn't get out myself. Hope to soon tho.
Ayyyeee its on this #Summer : you'll be slim.. ill be slimmmmmerrrrr hahaha
i'm totally overloaded with projects, but happy to take a look if there's anything that needs spot attention
marketingdomination.blogspot.com does anyone know a restaurant who would like to be on the 1st pg of Google for whatever keywords they want
Cintolo, DiMasi's lawyer, emphasizing days in which there were no calls between Lally and
im starting to draw again! ^_^
Auditions continue TOMORROW for #Neighborhood3 Bring your resume and headshot to Des Moines Social Club for a cold reading audition!
Just sent 2 16GB SD cards through the washer and dryer..No, not on purpose..Stuck them in my camera & they still work.. AWESOME!
I'm in the same situation with my new product Writing a script for a video this week.
actually it went well. He understood that we are just friends. I only like or love him that way. Nothing more.
Heading off to my last class of my last fall semester ever!! So exciting :)
I do these things for your protection I don't want you to feel like your gonna get hurt
I'm working on an ebook & information for homeschoolers helping them help their kids become successful. Keep looking for a list of traits.
The nurse's job is to help the patients get well or help them to die. -Peggy Anderson
“: Who won out of the Lakers and thunder??”lakers
Lets go Mavs!
A nice Tuesday morning surprise to see I've been followed-back the one and only Double Dizzy. Here's to a great week.
GOT A BAD BITCH, NOTHIN BUT BUTT. MONEY TALK FO ME SHUT THE FUK UP!
Let's go ATL
It's amazing how music can help you get through things and make a horrible feeling disappear.
ok cool
always go w ya gutt feelin...
RT "It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believe in myself." - Muhammad Ali
Girls night out
fellow prospect researchers' consensus on cuil is THUMBS DOWN.
congrats lady!! San Fran is lucky, but I will miss you terribly!
Welcome Courtney! Let us know if we can help make that happen Erich!
Do share.
Hey , thx for adding new flights to your #Lauderdale 2 DC and LGA routes. Smart move!
God made you so0 pretty! xoxo
thanks Kyle! I posted it on Facebook. Congrats on the House of Blues show! Take care.
bout to go watch tv
#Totalblackout to funny!
The only reason I want to have kids is so I'm not the only asshole at the family reunions.
“: Channing Tatum: i'm your husband, you were in a car accident.. Me: OK. #asdfghjkl :))))”
- yeah. Best band ever. And that drummer, kicked ass.
i have a middle name. Noe. -___-
Wish I didn't work so I can watch this game
- my pleasure. thanks for the ideas!
Excuse me...I'm sorry to bother you...but I just had I tell you... love your voice.
RT : Web designs hit up > www.djchino.net
So proud of all K Studio Company dancers! An awesome night ! I love to see our growth on stage...amazing stuff!!!
I need more followers who wants to help me:)
#mkesnow sparkling! Gorgeous out, still, sunny (almost too bright at points), great shadows and drifts to look at!
I love getting a sweet goodnight over the phone ~
I'm not a real movie star. I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago.
Dutch-Bangla Bank wins the ‘best mobile banking’ award
What I want for this week? To get a nice or sweet tweet from that he truly means <3
True Blood gets true religion: Godric=power of God, St. Godric cared for the weak, Sookie watched Godric burn ecstatically
I don't expect #packers to bring in , but it'd be nice. Just not TT's style.
no its just you lmfao i think you hit a nerve
21 days to the desert
might Hammond go after any other big FAs this summer?
ugh. its whatever though
I heard a girl as I was walking my dog bitch on the phone about how she was "only 20 minutes late bra". Seriously.
Sandler is making GrownUps 2. Should start a petition protesting any airline that shows this.
His niche is in drug enforcement in the #Baltimore City PD. Major Russell of the Eastern District...
That makes you very awesome:) RT : haha, I'm from Michigan. :)
All of a sudden Im hot....
For those keep asking, its true I did interview Sir Richard Branson during my time as a Tech Conference host, no we are not in business!
Ha! U crazy man! RT : Do we need to verify that verification? #twitterpayoff? HA! Congrats.
Glad you found me! Just work & going to school in Arizona. What about you? Are you done at AC?
#SomeoneIWantToMeet perfect music.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.” ~Aristotle
I went to bed at 9p and had 2 cups of tea. I think that has something to do with it here.
Happy one year birthday to the cutest, sweetest, most intelligent baby boy Kieran. (with Chris and Kieran)
I got a dirty mind, I got filthy ways.
Cool split screen, as talks to while PhilGil took bike change, Nice hand-sling though
okay! I'll ask tomorrow! :)
Alex Rios WITH THE HUSTLE
I hate how quick my nerves an be recked
RT : Gr8 companies support communities RT : Raymond James is title sponsor of April 27-28 open house!
Both kids are sick(and on antibiotics), and the dog wont stop puking. I think its time for a martini.
haha yeah so much fun! When r u coming back to Cali?
TSOI-NY caught BIG AUDIO DYNAMITE Fred Armison and Matt Pinfield were spotted by this celeb hound. TMZwatch out!
LAX workers protesting horrendous work conditions. #MayDay #mayday2012 one week hunger strike & 12 people to be arrested during civildisob-
two words: Bring. It.
Back in VA...thanks travel companions , , , and
I really don't care.:)
I got it running! Thanks :)
I love frozen fruit
You Will Need No Other Accessories With Henna Covering Your Body! This video will bring you up to date!
Who thinks I can make it to 100 tweets and who the 100th tweet will go to??(:
The Steal my Idea winner should get a championship belt until the next
Tough decision time for , once again so glad we're not the judges!
Just changed the font on my phone. It looks so cool! Hahaha (: But, im heading to bed! Night everyone! <3 xx
Anyone else have the sudden urge to start laughing while your parents are yelling at you? Or is that just me?
#Lyra12 shannon cross says tablets are going to stay.
Sounds fun. Happy to engage if it makes sense to. Let us know...
Messed up my grilled cheese. Oh well ima eat it anyway
RT : Just looked at some fab new spaces for Dash in Miami! Can't wait for the new Miami Dash store!
The Kasabian songs airing tonight on Last Call will be "Days Are Forgotten" & "Club Foot". Tune in tonight!
I know who it is!
great match tonight... Damn right I paid to see Compton...fuck Ryder
Dog pile at the end of spring show with the best team of OC cheerleaders. <U+2764> \m/
A #daughter is just a little girl who grows up to be your
It is official, I will be going to #MICA for their Curatorial Practice #Graduate program. Class of 2014 baby, watch out #Baltimore!
What happened?
RT : A ship in a harbor is safe, but that's not what ships are built for. ~ William Shedd
Al Qaeda hid attack plans in porn. Because no American would look there.
Was in Target today & walked sideways into the aisle of Xmas. There is such a thing as too early.
The Name Means -Food For G-ds- And It Truly Is!SoHo 55 GrandSt.212.2748225
i know im dumb i thought i was going thru austin for a week now lol
Use turmeric, basil, cinnamon, thyme, saffron, and ginger when cooking. They have excellent immune-boosting power.
Humans are such fragile things.
Happy birthday! :) & thanks for the follow back (:
And if you don't know if you have enough $ for a full buggy, going back & forth taking stuff off...omg. Sometimes I just pay the diff.
Yeah, the Pro Bowl might not be the same as it once was, but it could still be preserved. Hope the NFLPA makes the changes they need.
My neck has an ugly burn /:
haha You got me good. Ok, let's turn that around then fate. :-)
Watching the grants.gov emails come in.
Thanks Stacey! You too. It's starting off nicely with a sunny, beautiful day.
Digging through my files and discovered typed/printed memos requesting leaves and refunds for quarters lost in vending machine.
haha, yeah. No problem! Just tweet me from your new account love ^-^
Be nice to your vehicle, change the oil often
but I still love you!
Is it still Halloween? Waiting for #simpsons Treehouse of Horror and next #TheWalkingDead to arrive.
4:45 site broke. 5:30 site restored. Thank god it's Thursday. I need a drink.
so great to see you...you made and my day!
I loved Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail....
Sophomore summer is gonna change alot.
Yeah man. Incredible CD! Kudos to the production crew as well.
just checked out your site. :)
is studyhall a bad thing????
good shit man! Things are slowly moving over here. Just waiting to get our tanks in and working on new tee designs.
According to this years yearbook my name is Savannah...
So I found out today that The Weeknd has a show in SF in May. Tickets sold out the day they went on sale. I'm hella mad right now
had a nice chat with where you and your photos in their monster show came up. Hope you are doing great!
Alot of artist ask me for different beats.. then when i give them a taste of my true sound... they can't handle it
I wish I didnt dilly dally and play outside :-\
aww poor thing... I hope you'll be okay!! *hugs*
I know that wine well. Ok; so, I do the shipping info through your website?
Big thanks to and for taking some great #applemob pics.
I wonder what percentage of #DrawSomething drawings of Rihanna include Chris Brown punching her.
Hello from Charlotte, NC! It is my pleasure to follow you and thanks for following me!
Wow!!!! Saints lead by 3!!! Never count Brees out. Unbelievable. Who dat?!!!
Phsyched to talk web sites with and today!
“: lol I like that!”/ thank u
A giant squid has eyes that can grow up to 20 inches in diameter.
Thanks for following me , , and
Cast selection for "All the King's Women" include & Congrats ladies.
Day 1 of driving - No crashes. #SUCCESS!
Fact: The Secret Service protects the President, not the other way around.
stop in tonight!
I want to be rebellious! I want to leave school !
-_- lol Welp better get started I be in here grinding !!!
you got told by buster!
so when are the boys going to NY exactly? :o
Good Morning everyone!
don't kno #oomf all that well...but part of me realllyyyyy wants to... Haha
Seven more Days of school left.
Anything you can do I CAN DO BETTER! -Irene arguing with the Kardashians about who gets wetter, blows harder, and fucks the most people
that's nice. You're still not telling me about what!
always behind the saints... Still sporting my number 9 !! Hope to get it signed and meet you someday man...
im always missing your follow sprees :/
Time to go bright red again :))
Thanks , helping the #homeless is what we love to do! MT
oh how i meese you too!! Come home already!!'
it is absurd! The good news is whether you are flying out of #MSN, #MKE or #ORD... no baggage fees when Step Ahead is driving.
give a shout if you need someone to get rid of that virus. My rates are much better!
Good Morning Thanks for following Newark Twinning. Watch out for proms news soon.
It was really nice to see you all at Art Drinks last night! Thanks for coming!
Your choices thus far are impeccable. Nice work.
I wanna live where people vacation
Yay birthday! Just let me know! :)
I fell asleep with the tv on. Now there is an awful politics program on and I can't find remote. Too lazy to get up.
cool. May be able to come! could I tag along? If so when and where?
Hi! I never heard, how'd the surgery go a few weeks ago?
I worried that my house wasn't clean enough for a houseguest until her brother said, "Amy once let a pumpkin rot in her closet."
It's funny how we try to move on but at the same time, hold on.
Missed church today. Guess I'll have to watch online:)
Today, alcohol free whisky??ArKay: The World's First Alcohol-Free Whisky Smells Like 'Shoe Cleaner,' ://zite.to/A8aaG9 via
You should go to Kelly's Bar and Lounge and try their Mac and Cheese. You'll be VERY happy.
Tracy, ihope all is well with ya! Just getting back to tweeting!
Whatever is done in the dark will be brought to light!!
I keep writhing in pain and the only thing keeping me sane is a walk to remember :)
Focusing on me and the very few that Arnt frauds.. S/O to the people who never frauded on Me.. for the rest fuck yall
I like the looks of it but i think most would assume those are follow buttons instead of sharing ones. I did ;)
u ok?
RT : LMFAO songs are basically tweets put to music.
Feeling brand new in 2012 ;)....
The best thing can do with regard to concussions is lead the way with research.
Thanks to & for the follows. Happy Independence Day!
-_____- you obviously think its a joke then
Now speaking Craig Raeburn from #TyMetrix. #LTNY. Just starting not too late to join
good morning.
the owners and players are both selfish, unless a miracle happens the season is in serious jeopardy :)
Get your taste buds ready for the Qdoba Burrito-Eating Contest at the Helen C. House Party on 9/15.
Boy bye not with them shoes on. Lmao!
authorities confirmed that radiation had leaked from a quake-hit nuclear plant after an explosion destroyed a building housing a reactor.
Im On Fire, Whole Hood Blazin
woman if you dont knocc it off
Man so busy today still haven't watched all of Survivor Series Yet! I did get to see Mark Henry retain :)
Good luck BG
#ThreeWordsForYou I Love you
Change is coming. I can feel it
lmao i am relax okay. And yes u are and its a metaphor i dont mean it and idk if u r or not xD
and this helps you look younger? I need that!!!
And the shoot was a success!!! Thanks to for makin' it happen!
Um, giant Frosty The Snowman just scared the shit out of me and handed me a candy cane.
I'd love to act on SNL and put my impersonations to work!
I have a feeling if I put presents around the tree Andie will just lie on top of them.
Thanks babe! >> RT : u too...Eyehoney
i miss seeing colton on ai.<3
Optometrist looking for CE credits? It's not too late to register for the Focus on Education Seminar - 7 COPE / OLDPAC hours!
#TheVoice your band is playing too fast, sounds like the performers are having to keep up w/you
Crank the beat and hit the gas on'em
oh you're BARKing up the wrong tree buddy
This reminds me of your wonderful French in
That awkward moment when you find an old conversation of someone you cared about but don't talk to anymore.
Next you move on to Murphey's Millenium Brew?
Oh snap!
2MOROW IS THE BIG DAY! ASTORIA PARK all day DANCE STARTING HERE IN NYC @ 830PM SHARP EMAIL 4 DiRECTIONS!
Tune in to www.fccfreeradio.com we're on til 10
just a day, just an ordinary day.
Looks like Ill be helping this lady with her carry on of 12 cream puffs, as she sat next to me. Either that or I hand her a biz card?
sorry for the late reply ! I'm singing for the talent show !!! I'm really really SCARED !The principal chose me out of the whole skol
Anyone have a cool compost bin design? Lookng 4 pics, diagrams, tales
wow, you snuck down to second row? nice! Are you coming up to any Orioles games?
I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great
hey do you know any verses that help deal with drama/bullying/teasing and such?
please follow me. i
Aye Ralphie you a pervert too, don't front lol
HOLY SMOKES! Globally, we watch 1 billion YouTube videos and spend 274 million hours on Facebook... EVERY... SINGLE... DAY...
Later twitter
Going to PodCampAZ! Are you going!?
Let's get to 300 followers a follow for a follow
I don't agree with it personally, but I don't harbor any hate towards those who choose that lifestyle
Tomorrow, will be hosted inside Studios. Follow the conversation with
thanks Maine
I believe the correct term is "booms and shakes"
Why cant all guys be like you? You're such a sweetheart and so charming:D iloveyou Kendall! Make my night better???
Woman in Black...Congrats you actually scared me :/
we're planning on coming up there this Saturday... see you then!?
hahaha Ill snap you in half pencil dick! I was drunk!
you're welcome. How do you stay active and love cupcakes? let us all know!
who talked trash. It was an honest assessment.
So excited about the next few days, i can hardly start my week
lol she must be dumped wit a phat ass
Should've went with our runner ups
Girl:Why are you following me? Boy:My parents told me to always follow my dreams...<U+2665>
I loved that moment. All haters were surely like "Awwh, yeah, we're dambasses."
haha :) have you been to the super bowl village??
bout to take it in 4real..
guess i'll go pick up the laundry. i was hoping jim would be home soon so i could make him do it.
yay!! Haha I'm such a nerd
Would have to drive to Mississippi.
I dont think its normal, but ppl might want to wear some ppls underwear over others
Iv never been a fan of chili!..
man the news said it was going to be "partly cloudy" by the beaches so I wore this thick cardigan an my uggs -_- & its hot af !
nice. Houston has had some great matches. I saw Man U play MLS. Allstars a few years ago.
"Dreams only come true when the dreamer takes action."
I told you, Marmol...
Awkward conversation with Kayla. I'm more awkward than you are, just face it.
do you remember the famous George O'Leary resume fudging at Notre Dame? No different in this situation.
Dolphins add another seam-stretching tight end
Merry Christmas everyone!
As you remember the victims of 9/11, we encourage you to also pay tribute to the men and women who have died in military service to their...
literally losing my shit right now. If only the people we make fun of knew.... omg. O_o ~(*_*)~
Tonight was all crazy beats in new directions.
I agree! My neighbor has one and I could just stand there and inhale all day!
Give me the luxuries in life and I will gladly give up the necessities. ~FLW
Don't be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality. If you can dream it, you can do it. ~ Walt Disney
six moms contributed.
Now I'm teasing him I can be a grade A asshole sometimes oh well.
that happen to? i though he threw a lamp to selena saying hit the lightss? ..
that's ok ... Would be funny in electronic radio voice :-)
:s eeeeyyyaaaaasssss :s
Twitter is awful w/ notifications. just told me where you are, I'll find you @ break. Red jacket, tall, short hair
why is 'Baltimore Blues No. 1' hidden from me? I have played it 50+ times, and now its not there?
yes! Loves it!
Never forget...the p is silent as in swimming.
MAN!!!! Duper shout out to !!!
Working 3-close. Yuck.
Something's are never answered.
Lib operations run as business entity supporting R&D mission of an institution in higher ed. & counted 2-4% overhead of R&&D startup
Email contact For Specyphi
Everybodys fakee so I got real for sale
sleep tight
RT Less than an hour till & tip-off. 2nght's Mavs player of the game will be bc he's Due.
Watching the news... "Man accused of stealing $800 worth of hamsters." I mean... Ok.
persistent mofo, stop.
Alex Golub: We need to innovate beyond existing publishing models within Anthropology. Historically Anthropology has failed digitally
I have to read it for a review still, So many words, so little time!
in that specific case -- maybe it's the HTTP client ignoring your directive?
cats c: omg i drank 15 monsters today XD
what are you soo excited about??? Share the news!
Today, i rocked my bball shoes ,...its been fa eva since i put these bitches ON !!
ah shit!!! I miss you too bookie<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> & I will as soon as I get out the shower <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
hilda can do IRISH!? i still can't master that.
You think PBR is a fruit.
im sorry but some trending topics are just plain stupid lol
the LG Optimus does very well for me. communications beast
Black Ops TWO. Damn, that sounds good.
Thank you for hosting a Pure Romance party last night! Hope you all had fun :-)
Love to have you taste, could you complete app at www.TasteTweet.com and I'll get you actual Taster invite info. Thx
Aren't they also accepting donations by credit cards, lining the pockets of the very institutions they supposedly despise?
I've heard about that face-to-face social network... any good? ;)
Thank you all for following! Last night we reached over 200. 5,000 Followers = FREE service for some lucky local customer! Pls RT....
I really hope that see the treend :') ~19days<3x~
It<U+0092>s easier to seek forgiveness than ask for permission. - Proverb
Some companies are just bad at business and its a shame. They don't realize good sense turns into actual dollars and cents.
i've heard it's good! just haven't made it there yet. we went to north star bistro instead.
Sleeping with my foot elevated... trickier than it sounds...
“ “ Just because I don't talk about my problems doesn't mean I don't have any.””
All successful men and women are big dreamers. ~Brian Tracy
had idea to make "Eat Crow, Baby" banner
Getting ready for school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
hate to say it, but it is better than walking dead. And I love the walking dead.
Your goal should be out of reach but close enough to see with the eyes of faith - VB
he says I look like her. Idk!! Anyways, Set Your Goals >.<
He "marks" his territory, to keep the neighbors dogs out of his yard. I didn't really "see", but I know.
Make sure you listen to 's walk up song tonight #ClubBanger #RickRoss Go Twins
Now that I've eaten a ridiculous amount of food, time to go to the gym...and hopefully not puke.
That's awesome, Moon Fry. So proud. Hope wifey has a wonderful Mother's Day!
Thanks for the Donation hommie! Now hit up some other people! :)
Thanks for including me in your #SEO Tips Daily!
Luxe Courtier at Coffee and Cars, Houston Texas
I always assumed that people knew how Google worked, but given the readings I guess I thought wrong.
Enjoyed Christmas shopping this morning in shorts. It's nice going to phx & CA to visit family for the holidays.
Yeah K-Rod stinks but what do you expect when you can't score runs?
gave an amazing concert last night and raised over $1600 for Children's #Cancer Fund of #NM!!! Thank you #ABQ !!!!
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please :) 12
Don't forget Slash!
What the fuck O.O
Updated my Doodles work on ;)
hey Joel! Just doing my thang. Lol. You?
lol them pray for me getting the role brah
“ I wonder how much longer is gonna have me waiting 2 hear that heat he's making over there?” LOL
thank you!
Probably not a bad idea at this point.
thank u for bein an amazin person! I LOVE U. When beliebers say this we mean it. Ur perfect. Well never leave u, here forever!
RT : Just to clarify, do solar thermal plants blow up sometimes and leave radioactiveness?
Jets are terrible. Sanchez is jus God Awfull
Bend ova to tha front, touch ya toes
Thanks for sticking around for 10yrs :')
kicking it I guess lol
For these, only once with perhaps a few miles before.
Writing music... Haven't done this in so long.. I guess when you have something to inspire you, it just goes with the flow.
I'm ugly but thanks anyway
Should be at the strip club getting a lap dance, but I ddint want to drive :/.. Its a bad red bone there and man oh man it would have been 1
just got back from the band banquet.
Clever kitty ;-)
#okayuprettybut igotta see if u gonna take this relationship serouisly cause the cute ones always messing it up
What are you doing today to further you #acting career? What could you be doing?
Physics? No thankyou.
Best way the #Knicks can look at it is that it's one loss. Regroup and come out ready Game 2.
let's rock this club tonight my way
Which developments, M? Sorry, whatever it is!
I have no tolerance for sarcastic people. Why don't you find a more creative way to be funny? Sarcasm is cold and cruel and stupid.
My cousin from Jersey came down to the hospital to visit me #sohappyrightnow #loveyougabe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><U+2764>
And celebs with questionable fame (like Amber Rose) still keep trying to sing or act, proving to all there's nothing they CAN do.
Monday Morning Shout Outs*Rise & Grind*
have u checked out www.theadvocator.org yet?
bitch y u hang up
holy hell i still cannot find it
38 days and counting until #TEDxAdMo brings you a Force of Change! In one word, what does CHANGE mean to you?
You're awesome, seriously! Stay beautiful
are you a Sagitarius
taking u
Mom's Night Out tonight with my FA group. So needed- to vent, to share, to know we're not alone. It was great.
Hope you had a lovely Christmas, Happy 2012 to you!
It's raining Yen, hareruya it's rainin Yen
FIRST WEEK OF SCHOOL: Bitch, i'm gonna work so fucking hard, im getting straight A's. SECOND WEEK: screw this. I give up.
RT : we're so incredibly lucky to have such fantastic leadership and mentors - you guys n' gals all rock!
We're finally on Twitter - Deadwood is ALIVE!
When GOD plant's a seed in u... U have to water it with HIS Word so it can have deepness of root in your soul.
I swear my dad is the reason 711 stays in business...
holy sh!t, I love me some Pink Martini. Congrats! Thanks for coming to see Dear John Mayer!
I miss being in choir and vocal jazz today. I used to sing ALL THE TIME. :(
RT this to help me get more followers? =D
Make sure you go to iTunes and grab ur copy of WOP by
Who's counting down the says till #TRAFOMP tour?
THANK U..MUCH LOVE TO U ALWAYZ OLD FRIEND :)
... I am "this" close to blocking coaster on here and never speaking to him again...
Great WIN 8th grade Boys!! AWESOME SHOT AND SCORE BRETT!!!!
zot. now says "upload accepted-waiting for sync server" so maybe this was them, not me.
emily does my lil bro hang with weird people
Had an epic Scattergories match tonight w/ , Dad, Mom, , , , Kristie, Cathy, Alex & Mary!
A civil war veteran finally has a tombstone to mark his Ohio grave, 87 years after his death.
I've never seen such a delicious looking dessert!
Oh I felt so bad after bumpin into you! Sorry about that by the way, I didn't mean for it to be that strong
To get ed improvement done right, we must become better collaborators.
I know, love the cheese. Thinking about pre-lunch run, so that we can eat cheese + brat. interested too.
New twitter account for personal tweets: This one to stay focused on design and business
Someone write that piece, stat!
It's called a love life? not a sex life...
No i won't
You defend business over clean air and less asthma for children. Biz - still making $$ big ones big $$. people are going broke
Nothing's wrong just as long as you know,that someday,somehow I'm gonna make it alright,but not right now.I know you're wondering when. <3
take the edge off with a refreshing Orange Julius!
Time to start the afternoon walk early. Still no entry into the Ala Moana Building.
Funny ": Breaking: Roland Lazenby is reporting that Carmelo was just traded to Seattle for Jack Sikma and Gus Williams."
kids on kids on
Sawa living.... Pregaming and dining before this HS game. You know. Haha
Had so much fun on skype with
You are most welcome and love the gold mining journal stories.
"Facebook campaign engagement *doubles* when an email campaign is deployed in advance" at #DSum12 |
How nice of you to bring red onion in the workplace...youve now just rendered everyones deodorant pointless.
#voters-I've nothing to prove to myself: been proven in battle, business, & w family. My only interest now is to serve as your Congressman.
that sounds lovely. We're nesting also - getting new bathroom tile this week, and busier than I could have ever hoped for! :/
Yeah, i was missing her
#RaleighRAW is very excited to be attending the MENAGERIE in Orange County California on the 21st!
Getting an energy audit tomorrow to see if we qualify for any Austin Emergy rebates for new windows and a solar water heater - yay!
Happiness is Heading to Ford Fiesta Extravaganza Live in the D!!!
chocolate milk? U GOT IT DUDE! We WILL have chocolate milk! any food you want?
Excellent dinner at Kayne Prime with wife
My voice is back.
she was lol
#nephroticsyndrome anyone know of places for assistance with this?
Hmm...why so cold tonight?
I must admit when I have too many tweets on my time line I scroll all the way to the top and say fuck da rest!
I like that it lets me be lazy (one click + one less account to remember)
"Graduates, do something big!" - "Isn't that what they say at every graduation?" -
Nice work! Keep on changing those lives at
How much and when is it?
Just happened RT : Never have I been called beast before.
I know right !
You twitter muted me. I win <3
my last interaction was 22 minutes ago... fuck
We text all dam day :)
Can't wait to get this Econ 402 test over with at 930
Studying for business law
Cant sleep
New phone!
help me with my galaxy tab i cant update via wifi
I love you boo “: ur so pretty my lover!”
How is everyone? enjoying the SUPERBOWL!
hey i'm crying just a little, cause i went to Porto's just for you and you didn't acknowledge my pic :/ boo. :(
you've caught a fly with chopsticks haven't you
You like me better undercover.
Just dance. RT : UMass is 3-0 against the other three remaining teams in the Atlantic 10 tournament
Yes! RT : I made up my mind: I won't complain. Complaining about my circumstances would be equivalent to murmuring against God.
jus got done workin out time to record
please follow for us!<3 xx
I am - hope to see you at Fenway tonight!
#Imagine Austin stole your phone. You: Austin! I'm serious give it back! Where is it? Austin: in my pants, come and get it ;)
My cat somehow turned voice over on on my MacBook. Fast forward to me getting in a screaming match with my laptop.
I love your Boo Babbles good for you, i always have u in my prayers my irsh bud
#np I'm a Wonder-
I'm sure y'all Got it in!!!
not the data cables, just the power (round)... it's basically forcing it to reboot since most don't have a physical power switch
Help us help the planet. Go green and get those bikes out on patrol.
I watched the first 60min of 'Un coeur en hiver/A Heart in Winter' earlier. I can't wait to finish it later. Daniel Auteuil is so goode.
or muss'd his toupé
Happy Bostob marathon day!!
awesome! Proud for you! Missed you today though.
Think ima start using my plume app more than my twitter app cus the plume app is better in my own opinion
And in order to make sense of it all i have to learn what it is like to hurt, but i dont want to know what it is like to hurt
come to our house if you want to hear them
Was it all four of y'all?
at the CIO roundtable. kudos to Theresa Rowe work for her good work with the CIO Listserv
what monitoring/management/metrics capabilities are there for web services?
The humbling feeling of being schooled in a one-on-one pickup basketball game is unmatched by any other activity.
No motorcycle ride today >> that's for sure
Latest Apple Tips click here www.appletekguru.com
I cant bring myself to tweetgram and turn instagram into twitter.. Dont ruin a good thing
RT : Today’s affirmation: My life is unfolding in divine order, and I’m exactly where I need to be.
yeah kind of!
RT : RT : Did anyone else from Texas have trouble with the Tax Exempt forms at the Aloft?
Just realized someone sent me a meeting request on my IPHONE..no wonder I was in the right place at the wrong time yesterday
Dedicating my Friday night to chill w/ my babee <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
I don't like the word faggot. But sometimes it just comes out. Why does such a fun word have such a bad meaning.):
What's your favorite touchdown play? Get the #ChevyGameTime app and answer trivia for a chance to win Chevys.
Sure, Lindsay! Good luck!
How can your iPhone go off twice during a podcast when one of Grantland's sponsors is Blackberry?!? #BeBold!!!!!
#IfYouWereSmart you'd be #respectful .
Just finishing up preping luan substrates w/gesso. Prefer MDF boards-not sure if I like luan-time will tell.
Playing piano and editing!
Tomorrow for sure!!! Let me know when u book it
You can't spell Miami without M.I.A.
#19MILLIONBELIEBERS. The family is growing (':
and why not me? That'd be real cool - not as cool as Tina Fey, but close
Starting at 6P. And thanks for tracking down the Twitter account! I couldn't find them. ;-)
#ndpl "build, don't retrofit" (for easier time with accessibility and privacy) -mary minnow
blahh i wnna see all my friends again! that bon fire was soo much fun. i cant wait to go camping with all of them.
We have hundreds of properties for sale across the US. All at deeply discounted prices. Not currently listed on MLS.
And thanks for the follow.
how can i service you the dj pack for my hip-hop recording artist precise latest joint "shot's fire
I'll have you livin life like you should. She say she never had it so good.
RT : the startup phase isnt the idea: its the prototyping phase. - StartupHealth
Rivera has twice as many saves as the Red Sox have wins
Speaking of holidays: Is your home/business ready? B4 the decorations go up - give us a call: 210-403-3232. Painting Remodeling
After sitting on tarmac for 2 hours, just awarded us a free round trip ticket! Now THAT'S customer service!
Had a very interesting bday , but overall I loved it!!
great job today ladies:) fab event!
More work with local municipalities, really expanding the uses of SMS messaging.
oh I had him!
Bonfire on Grand ave is always really good food and good atmosphere also Dixies on Grand!
Shouldn't I at least get something for winning on my first ever #BucciOvertimeChallenge?
#Supermoon will be awesome minus the
Can't wait to hear 's playlist at #WITS tonight! Loved the last one.
Luv hearing the belly laughter from my son while he watches Tom & Jerry. This from the same kid who also likes to kill zombies on Xbox.
Thanks to everyone who participated on last night's call, great to hear everyone's feedback on the products and compensation plan.
or skydiving w/ LoL!!
I can't promise anything.
A Timbers, a Red Bulls and a Crew walk into ...
IU's Adobe agreement includes Captivate (free to students, faculty, and staff), Camtasia's competitor.
It amazes me that some ppl still cannot walk and use their smartphone at the same time
When you run a marathon with 24k other people, minus dressing up like Elvis or Cyndi Lauper, how do you stand out?
congrats and keep it up!
NYCLU to Release Study of Anti-Mosque Activities in New York State at 11 a.m.
Very nice – Spent the time here in Atlanta with Lauren's mom visiting.
So far my NCAA bracket has been near perfect. The only pick I've gotten wrong was the Davidson loss. Go Cats!
It's a cool, very humid morning on campus. Orientation today for new faculty & International students. 10 days til classes start!
We Love MrWizKhalifa is trending. 1st of all, Wiz Khalifa is decent, but really overrated. 2nd, who loves me? D=
True or False: William H Macy's suits change size depending on his luck in the movie The Cooler?
“: I actually get to eat REAL food for lunch today!”
You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you. - Ray Bradbury
Come on Obama, let's turn this oil rig around.
My sister choreographed an entire dance to that song when she was in 5th grade. I miss the bleached-out-fro-JT. RIP.
the ROSS report, I like it, I'm gonna steal that. Well in newest news I partied a little too hard at a robot themed party. You?
Outward Bound Denver will be participating in a clean up with Denver Park and Rec tomorrow morning!!
And then I got my paycheck
#VEVOnewfront. "VEVO more impactuful than MTV's early days in helping people discover new music."
Typically people who eat fish but not meat call themselves pescetarians, not vegetarians
“All good things are wild and free” - Henry David Thoreau
dude what the fuck is up? haha I haven't talked to you in forever
Wait. They don't love you like I love you.
oh ok yeah im going to church tonight to bring in the new year
you're flawless
Acting is just 100% belief in yourself....
I thought nobody was texting me back.... I was bored
Come to Green Valley Lib tomorrow @ 6:30 as the Red Rock Canyon Paranormal Society presents a lecture and a Q&A about the Unexplained.
Finished Captain America with the wifey. Awesome Marvel movie. Looking forward to The Avengers!
kitchen smells so bomb early in the morning
Mines Here Either!!!!
LET'S GO GORDO
Heard a talk by a chem engineer about gravure printing on an angstromic scale. Application: roll printing microchips. Gutenberg is back!
Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow!
Okayy so i'm gunna try and end my tweets with a 'x' like now :) x
Man. I gotta get that paper. Where is the door? I need to find the go. Where is the "go"?
Kix are too fuck'n nasty
no problem. I'm looking forward to the next one.
#americanhorrorstory = #stoopid s t o o p i d .
The Power have a record of 3-3 and are only 1 game out of first place in the division. LETS GO POWER!
I have the video on non stop replay and im sure im not the only one! I hope our views r actually counting!! :P
I know (; lol
“: "Day off?" What's that?” lol! EXACTLY!! Never enough time or money!
who said that??
ppl voted 4 Bush just cause they had a 6fig. Salary the ppl that lost, they didnt know tax breaks went 2 ppl makin high 6 fig like 500k lol
Anybody else feel like you're listening to Wait (Whisper Song) by the Ying Yang Twins at the beginning of J. Bieber's new song Boyfriend?
Hey this is Jordan Gisler add me!
playing a new game on computer today....really getting tired of all the rain...oh well at least i have an excuse not to do laundry..lol....
what about youu?
Hey....did u get this?
I love watching but can't help to think that the sharks consistently take advantage of the entrepreneurs.
I want a relationship where you can lay with each other & just talk... about anything. <3
what's good witcha?? You goin to tha video shoot?
Patrick Dempsey is chipping away at my confidence in news 2 minutes at a time.
#chartership Thanks! These are all great suggestions, Will make a note to myself!
Happy Milwaukee day! Headed to the Milwaukee Repertory Theater sale. No idea what to expect.
you need to step it up girl! :)
No Power or Internet due to the Fire!? Come Hangout at Club Snell! Internet and Power are working
great talk! Learned a lot! Thanx
all week, we leave from office and go out with office folk hard core. This is a different world. I guess part of the job...?
Thank you, Lukas! MT: : Honored to have served up here in Green Bay.
Thanks for the RT on our Career Fair! It's a great opportunity for #ROC biz to find local talent for open #jobs!
You are my one and only, Your the the one that pleases me so why don't I come and do you the same ~
you don't bring him up to be a 4th of. Nate is fine for a backup. But he shouldn't be starting over presley & hit 2nd
Lol why do I always miss the best lunch periods ahahaha
Let's go
. Not my experience. I'm a parent there & receive constant updates & surveys & open invites to mtgs.
How am i suppose to deal
Dawes: war photographer once criticized Dawes for showing graphic details: become complicit in the denial if you censor?
My life story.
Ack! I forgot to set my DVR to record #SherlockPBS - epic fail
We gon be Rich Forever n ever n ever n ever... We gon be Rich Forever
Are you all done for the day?
I know , uggh oh well i'll get special eye drops or something. aha
so, I take it that you approve. ;)
There was another locker room thief? I never heard
#Indy likes metal, but then again....who doesn't?
i don't completely know, I think ppl believe she changed justin and dated him for fane and they don't want her to do
Back to working nights......love it..no more having to put up with day light....now I can just sleep through it!!!
Was just called "wise" by a student at the FIU Mentoring Program Kickoff. In this case wise means old... Fun!
no problems, please contact our live help team
I probably need to finish my G+ profile and take a look around. When I do, I'll send your a connection request.
i went from crying to smiling. cutest phone call ever.
Thanks for the follow Dre Bell
We hope you love it! and not probably healthier...definitely healthier! Enjoy the g-f goodies & thanks for your support!
I've cleared my schedule this morning, just in case you call. :) New Mexico Satellite Man - 350-6428
Do steam rollers really roll steam?
First day a success. Tomorrow is first patients! So many exciting firsts and I love the energy and talent of our amazing team members!!
RT : Do u believe there is an innate drive or ability for teaching hampering the levels of success in college for some?
better do something. Would be nice to have CP3 lol
Reverend Raven totally rockin the place, right now.
Getting ready for the black light black friday party tonight!
If the weather cooperates!
Brothers soccer game!
I was trying to tip you off that Craig is not my user name ;-)
did i spell that right lol
My body is currently powered by 0% sleep and 100% caffeine. I'm like a vibrating zombie.
Milanos are comforting.
Liking the green ribbon better than the green overlay, but not sure it's as noticeable, hmm...
I gotta get #marypoppins magic! and all the #MtIda girls too.
I'm looking into buying a new phone soon, an Android phone that is, and I'm wondering if AT&T offers unlimited data plans?
Ha! Good line. I feel for people who have to make that trek every day.
How bout a Ferrari 250 GT California?
I must interrupt the #arena debate to note that SANTORUM is winning super tuesday. No need to vote. The world is ending.
New works coming tomorrow on PSNY... get ready!
#np Mellowhype feat Frank Ocean- hell
Also pls stop with the black brows. HD cameras will tell a horrid story honey! Trust me. There's a color of brown to fit us all ;)
Oh, 3ofUs Studios...we've go to stop meeting like this.
TEDxFargo is searching for "Ideas Worth Sharing" and we need your help. Do you, or someone you know have an idea that could be shared at...
I haven't heard it. I'll take a listen.
KY isn't balancing the budget on the backs of children! Gov Beshear
If it's gameday, you do not think about anything but gameday
Drama at every corner. Everyone wants to slug on me and the family smh bad move
Would be pretty amazing if the Badgers could knock off the #3 team in the country making almost no 3's and literally no free throws
Dear bands I like, kindly stop all being here on the same day. Sincerely, Lauren.
xbox wit/black peple>>>>
Go in doeith via
I know a lot of my friends here like him, so I mean no disrespect, But I can't stand Dylan Ratigan. Nothing but negativity comes out of him.
how, if at all, will offensive playbk change with Childress here?
we're feeling very american today... 20% off all California wines
It all started when my dog began getting free roll over minutes. Jay London
is it 10 yet?
I hope it gets the heart racing for an epic workout!!
It's takes two to tangle, but only one to walk away
"Kellen Moore leads Lions last minute game winning drive against defending Super Bowl champion NY Giants."
Had some good discussion at our lunchtime #TechTalk as I gave an overview of using the Apple iPad in higher ed from a staff point of view
Blockbuster movies are like a tax for living in America. I try hard to avoid them, but inevitably pay up once or twice a year.
it's to the point where my docs are fairly amazed I'm not already paralyzed. It's got me wheelchair/bed-bound a lot of the time
Accept what you can't change, change what you can't accept.
The indy world wants something different and we in the South are bringing just that to you.
no i didnt!!! UGH bummed =/
WELCOME TO TWITTER BOB!!
Bo what are you doing tonight?
Been up for an hour and a half. Want nothing more than to still be sleeping.
had a salad for lunch
“: PM Netanyahu praises the Israeli doctor who refuted in court the lies of Palestinian propaganda.” // the lies of arab prop.
Hang around people that can stretch you to the next level. That means you have to learn from people who have more expertise than you.
No, paranoid is not bashing. If you called us redneck idiots that only have Bball.
How does $2 drinks sound. this FRIDAY. Downtown DM to be added to the list bring your crew.
Haha! Now I'm scared to know what that is.
couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
check your messages up here, sent u one.
Appreciate it bro!
Happy Birthday Hope you have a great day.
i hope the #Heats lose just so i can fuck with him lol
actually it's the 14th! Valentines day!
say bro let's record at noon 2more. Cool?
Then where will you be?
I positively adore how little there is of JanJo in #MadMen this season. Power to Sally Draper!
farther God mold me take my life and make me hole I give my life to you - you are my creator I give my life 2 you
Day 2 If you would like notes from anyone let me know! So far advice 1= Use Google+
Do someone know how to forgey someone :(
What do you look forward to the most during Balloon Fiesta?
MY TABLE OF FRIENDS THINKS I'M HILARIOUS! RANDOMLY SAYING FUCK!
Will RT & maybe see you :) Great day! Emmi
thanks KYLE. Miss you
": ": Spell lived backwards! Strange huh!" Hell yea, Damn near spooky..." I kno! Its crazy
I want my dad ):
If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough. -Meister Eckhardt
resorted to shameless self promotions you have
I knew I liked her!
No, I won't be there, sorry. I would love to meet you too!
You mean, hell to the frakkin' yeah!
Smoked salmon and spinach salad
Bitchs get stitches, and hutches get crutches...
Tired of letting everyone down, time to step #UP<U+21E7><U+21E7><U+21E7>
You must be in a session at the Australia conference!
I feel your dilemma. It's the same with me. I wished they'd do another one now so I'd have something to watch.
you just sounded very wise :) but just a tid bit gay...lol
4 hours sleep in 2 days - needless to say I am tired. But I'm committed to watching MNF. Fixed toothpicks to keep my eyes open...
The weekend has arrived! Hope to see you in the brewpub! Cheers~
Center justified text makes the Baby Jesus cry.
looks like you guys had a lot of fun! Good for y'all lol
Glad you enjoyed it! :) RT : What an interesting tour of Medical City at Sanford-Burnham!
Grilled veggies and quinoa make great pork chop side dishes for a healthy, balanced meal.
Faith in God includes professing His Word over and over and over....even when you do not see the manifestation yet.
the official lineup isn't posted yet but we just got confirmation yesterday that we're playing..pretty pumped to be part of it
It is a lovely site! Are you going to make a mobile version?
#craftbeer RT : Your Hefeweizen was the first craft beer I ever tried and it opened up a delicious world for me!
Sharing is caring :) RT : Talking Big $$$ wit
Wth just happened to Mary J Blige? I hope she has a cold cuz that was just down right terrible
hey every one JCWESTERN, is having HUGE SALE in both stores call for more info on are 50%OFF SALE at561-748-8801will ship any where in USA
yeah, it can be kind of long in parts - I had done the cross-country drive just before i read it so it was very relevant.
Matt Broz and John Burdin made my morning with their LIKEs! Thanks gentlemen! :-)
Someone remind me, why couldn't The Governator legally be President?
"Turn On You" Is An AMAZING (':
spoil lah head spoil dogs.
Great save by the Dutch.
A "Hurricane" a la Pat O'Brien's? PLEASE stay safe, no kidding here.
- Hopefully your work pays off and UWM will host the regional event. This will be a great experience for everyone in PRSSA.
I Wanna Be The Boy In Her Dreams That Saves The Day.
Oh when is it?
Guys have no idea how much a girl appreciates them just trying to be a friend instead of try to get something else.
bow chika wow wow watcha gonna say
now im mad again smh
Get your buddy band! Your forehead's naked without one ! With
Lmfao na jk I wish, those days are over for me
Yo Vaughnage! Hey bro it's Nate from Pitt Katz. This is my screen printing/clothing company. Follow us plz on Twitter and Fbook
Is that Dillon on the right?
So what exactly is "figgy pudding"? I'll stick with eggnog & brandy, thanks.
I wish they'd show replays of these awful foul calls so I could get even more fired up.
Cod Cakes aka "Coddies" will keep you alive if necessary.
I used to be like too but if you can't trust any1 then you have a bad circle of friends.
Hey my cell is back on so sorry i could get back in touch with you asap wont happen again but i called i take it ya busy lol
#liber2011 cites Yale University's ODAI (Office of Digital Assets and Information), at same organizational level as campus IT.
Tonight we are youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuunggggggggg
The only math I know is "One Direction plus me = love."
GUESS I WILL JUST RECORD A NEW SONG SINCE I'M STUCK IN THE LAB...#MAKETHEMOSTOUTOF IT
Soldiers who were exposed to those things the most are the ones showing the most symptoms
so on it!
Thanks for the shout out!
Definitely a fun show worth the tickets! I've seen on Broadway and at the Fox. Even my husband liked the show.
I am extreme of my love for God, it is amazing the things he has shown me in life.
We still have tshirts left, so if you give I will personally send a note to our office staff to prioritize yours!
OMG!!! that Gibson dunk was sick!!!! Da Bulls came to play...
I think I got hooked on my home page is him rt every single one. Lol. After I read them all already -_-
": Alec Bladwin stalker ordered to stay away" dont laws need to be tougher? Ths ppl dont undrstnd boundaries
I didn't realize you liked GaTech so much. I know what to get you for Xmas now!
No way.. Not me. I've already been out too long! I'm burning up! :P
We have not been contacted further about the FDA or FTC issue. Therefore we are still selling until we hear otherwise.
A retweet by ? I wonder if something will happen if I toss sarcasm behind a hashtag. ... ... ...
Stay strong drose luv U & it's time 2 focus on getting better! No need 2 worry bout nothing else. Keep ur faith god is going 2 C u through!
This song is as dirty as wet the bed Lmfao
just catching up after a trip to FLA ---
We 11 Deep. Long Army, Strong Armors Backinn.
MSDT followers, check us out this evening on Gowalla!
RT ...of city leaders as they ask them to trust on Prop. D
Ok, how about gay-bashing, teen suicides, and exporting homophobia to Africa?
you should listen to and tweet me yup
I'm not sure...
watching Camp Rock on Netflix!
there are times I'm glad I'm alone... when I'm crying, when I'm angry... and especially when i run into doors and walls like i just did...
Ppl are irritating me today ...
Huntsman has dropped out of the race, but apparently future Mormon presidents can swear him into office after he dies...
Someone come get these cupcakes!!! Strawberry/Cream Cheese icing... Imma toss them if I don't get any takers!
Thanks for the mention, Peter! Happy Monday :-)
GOOD TIMES ANY TIME YOU NEED ME BABY GOOD TIMES ANY TIME YOU NEED A FRIEND
You mean the whole church thing?Considering we seem to live in a theocracy, it's understandable.(BTW, Jews *do* sing when they pray)
so true.. be strong.. you know what conquers all!!!
Team BB got to run the whole race without winning a leg, sort of a win in itself.
Thank you Christopher Shyam Kerson. Have a great day.
it was ok. I'm not a fan of the throttlepush on the joystick and the visual effects could be more computer-y.
Tabatha played Waynes friend and was also a resident on the commune
Watchin a movie.....
If your a true belieber show UR support by following me and Thanks for the support guys #teamfollowback #TEAMBIEBER;))
it's not my fault! Trust me...I fought for it and got nowhere :(
When I was little I thought I was ambidextrous but, in hindsight, I think I just couldn't tell my left from my right
thank babe :*
I have that on my coffee table! Or shall I call it my vodka table?
I hate the 140 characters we get.
flowers for moms and our new spring menu breakfast!! Also a new cocktail list! Check out the melon baller!
Watching Courage the Cowardly Dog. <3
are you sure tho? some1 said they had the flightinfo 4 when they arrive in nyc tom.&lots of other people said it too!
“: It takes years to become an overnight success” average overnight success = 10yrs
My Escape Nxt Week - GOn Ride To da triple D.....Have a gud time....
i aint even talked to em... y u say that...
Hey guys - i'll be spinning this Fri - 12.30 come out and dance to my new
Welcome, good luck
Going to sleep goodnight guys school tomorrow ugh well bye bye!!!!!
I wonder if will shave U K in the back of his head? can advise a barber!
Our Personal lines department specializes in Homeowners, Condominiums, Cooperatives, Automobile and Historic Brownstones.
going ham on twitter >>>
I'd rather have back before Lower D.
:D Thanks <3
lol ikr. And she pronally thinks when jb is not the baby daddy he will pay 4 child support
It all of a sudden just got a lot better. haha I don't really care about you anymore.
can you please follow me back <3 it'll mean alot to me <3
The imaginary friends I had as a kid dropped me because their friends thought I didn't exist. -Aaron Machado
I live 20 miles from it. Friend knows detectives involved. What a travesty. God Bless George Zimmerman. Twice a victim
Moovie recommendation is Jeff Goldblum in "Earth Girls Are Easy"
Then it's a crappy user experience/useless, ha. Depends on what devices your audience uses.
Wow! Someone just donated $50 to support our cause!! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you to that anonymous donor!
I just said I don't know ass I'll see
at least it's not too early
990 emails waiting for me at work. How many were useful or actionable? < 10.
RT : Every day in the U.S., we produce enough trash to equal the weight of the Empire State Building.
There's a big difference between real women and most women... its all about knowing your personal
This weather is just like Irene, but without any of the hype!
anyone have suggestions for a 14 hour overnight layover in lisbon?
U A LIE
And we're done.
Watching Jason's Lyric. this 1 of my favorite movies they don't make movies like this no mo
you've got...the most unbelievable blue eyes....
very nice!! Next time we are in nyc we will stop in!!
Microsoft's Windows 7 beta download server is crashing under the load. They should have used a Linux server.
Congrats! RT : Its official! is open to the public starting today! Burgers anyone?
Haters Gonna Hate, Mahomies Gonna Love <3
come to any of the Brake Specialists Plus locations! We'll take care of you.
hre's a fun 1, wait till 2morrow & i'm going 2 having something funny 2 show...Hoffman's might get yard sale items 2 mine w/, I have a...
I know where that is!
#ThatOnePersonWho thinks they know everything
The Santorum Campaign has robo-called me every day this week. Mittens twice.
girls be crazy
Yes, I hear thunder. Real thunder this time, lol
this summer = down there #24/7 #neverleaving ;p until you tell me to leave that is. Haha.
I'm good! Missing you!
takes team lead in goals with 4, 3-0
Half way to my 200th tweet
Fuck yeah you will. You could go to Peoria Iowa and still have a fuck ton of sex. Ha.
I love this guy named he has no idea that I exist! Someday he will notice me and make my day! #FollowMeAustin <33
The females on there bother me. I do not need to see personal pictures of so and so with their family from hacked Facebooks
Wish you could have joined us! RT : Jealous of all of you March du Nain Rouge revelers today. Sounds like an amazing time.
can smell the hushpuppies frying up right now.
i mean must of been his pillow .. Stupid auto-correct ! ;D
Carol, thanks for following!
Sometimes, a little shift in #Paradigm can make all the difference when 'breaking "in".' | Power #Tweet Coming 4:30P PDT 5.12.12 Right Here.
RT When somebody on your team thinks they're Kobe and try fade-aways and miss every single one...
team iPhone bro. Lol
Follow me maybe? (;
love you!
It's sad how whole families are torn apart by simple things, like a pack of wild dogs.
I wish we'd never met
is really hoping for a year that is filled with new job opportunities. Spent the year trying to recover from job loss.
Come to cambridge, I will buy you an omelette
So please PLEASE we beg, we pray, Go throw your TV set away, And in its place you can install, A lovely bookshelf on the wall. -Roald Dahl.
TREE INFO- don't forget to disenfect your pruning tools with alcohol. Especially after pruning fungas infected branches from fruit trees.
>;o) lucky bf! All our donuts are made with love <3
: great minds think alike!
Woo! Arsenal is my favorite footbal club! (:
working with devo twitting
I've stood in the way of my own happiness at times..need to see the big picture
Ready to be inspired at annual meeting. Lots of great work being done in #Indy!
Just finished up day 1 of a #TexasLyceum meeting. Coach Stallings was great. It was like a visit w my father.
Thanks so much!! RT : I never doubted that you would! Congrats!
follow me bac
Why do i have so much homework like this is just so pathetic #whenissummer?!
Happy birthday christine!!!!!!
People think tonights game was fixed? Even when the refs blew the Torres hit on Hossa, I didn't think it was fixed, bullshit but not fixed.
Phew! I really thought I did a bad twitter thang. Still getting the hang of this world.
rationalization FTW!
Who's excited about tonights playoffs?! Miami Haters are waiting to see another loss...they will be crucified from this point on!
o ok who's they
I miss my roomies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
how is it??? Hate that I chose to leave town early!!
Seen the Video, we like it alot, you are very talented and I'm proud of you! Love you man!
It's neat, listening to all the fledglings crabbing at their parents for food. My feeders are busy!
Every body needs somebody to love.
"Hey girl!" Let the shit talkin', cat fightin', and good ol' fashioned sassin' begin!
I love you.<3
I love you to mucho!
It feels good to be home.
bachata & salsa, seems like its time 2 brush up on my spanish
wanna be my boyfriend(;
haha. Nice. I doubt I could made it a whole week. Might try sometime just to see.
Everyones surprised because I ate...
on to austin tx and gala perf for matt hinsley + great austin gtr. society: theme is valentine's day: many kinds of love to celebrate!
CASEY!! Your life is so fab. NYC needed you!
Wow! You gave an amazing show (Joyas Prestadas). So realistic(: Love you Jenni!
while canceling he invited us over to see the new patio
Need coffee? First 2 people to visit C-M Books (booth 502) & say "Where Books Are Bound For Greatness" get a $10 Starbucks gift cert.
What? Did you just get hired by ?
Listening to songs by while doing my homework in study hall !
The pleasantest things in the world are pleasant thoughts: and the great art of life is to have as many of them as possible. -Montaigne
Check your inbox for our new Smart Shopper Deals of the Week Email. It's a snapshot of the very best deals from our favorite retailers!
Yay! Off to Vegas!!!!
& i bestfriend promised i would never do that to you.
RT : St. Patrick's Day Parade - The 2012 St. Patrick's Day Parade will take place March 17th in downtown Chicago....
I feel icky.
i love u
At luncheon for #prsouthwest to hear talk about how technology has changed the news biz
Ah, Toews already rocking the start of his trademark Abe Lincoln #playoff beard.
I love the Salvatore brothers equally, but I have way more Damon friends then I do Stefan ones. And I've role played Damon several times,
Enjoying the FL fall weather.
what's the fucking globe next your name?
Coburn: "Gov't is twice the size of 10 years ago" with no Irony or sense of responsibility. Dude, you voted for everything Bush wanted.
We purchased Quick Fleet Trucking which has 1 semi rolling through the mid west. We are looking to purchase 5 more trucks next month
If you don't want an argument, don't be dumb enough to start one. I always win.
More for French chocolate lovers @ The Chocolate Library: Aux Anysetiers du Roy, Guy Roux and Michel Cluziel.
YeAh bUt for mE hes so cute whenever he's noT aN actOr :)
Follow me everyone and I will follow back no matter what<3
Go brewers! Great day to be at Miller Park.
: I'm bored here at home!! Lol. But i'm not supposed to be there till 3 today :/
Santee councilman Rob McNelis says he doesn't want a repeat of the Sonic drive-thru debacle of 2008 with these new restaurants...
don say tht i am talking to someone already and i really like him
It's preposterous that Pete Postlethwaite was not presented in the posthumous part of the program #Oscars Props to him.
I think it's horrible Vinnie Politan of CNN laughing about a possible Casey Anthony movie deal, that child is being murdered all over again!
We were just talking about you! The words OMG, awesome and masterful were used.
Say No To Bullying<U+2611>
I made a celebrity sex tape; it was in a mid 90s Chevrolet sedan.
Women are never stronger than when they arm themselves with their weaknesses." –Madame Marie du Deffand
It's a fact that The Kaiser can write great books, but my publicist is smothering my style. If I asked, he'd let me bang his old lady.
iM THERE W/O ASKiNG..DETERMiNED TO BE THE GREATEST YOUNG WOMAN GOD PUT MEH HERE TO BE...
I miss my wife already.
Hey now! It works to everyone else's advantage. They get my potatoes (or fries) for free!
don't get me started on the raccoon book at the end...
thanks mate :)
This is how scientific inquiry begins, my friends.
say sweetheart I'm sorry my childish associate needs help but don't worry he don't like you cause your to smart
your welcome :) btw you dont need makeup to feel beautiful,your naturally beautiful :)
Funny how time flies! Christmas is almost here! Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from www.oklahomahomerepair.com!
lol it's staring at u xD
The Gitanjali is still such a masterpiece...
Whoa twitter on the computer is shit.
my dive buddy just left for rebreather training in San Diego. Lucky dog. I might sneak in a dive Sunday.
Paint it black.
“There’s a good chance you don’t like me. However, there’s even a better chance that I don’t even care.”
peyton manning. Can't go off of one game w flynn...
When I'm gone put it in stone he left nothing behind
jason will build a robot suit out of all the technology and it will be powerd by rice.
Waking up and thinking its school, then realising its not, and going back to sleep...
Good morning #SanDiego! We hope you have a great Monday...and who else is ready for this rain to be over?!
Seems like watching yourself eat ice cream you can't taste might make you want ... Oh. Got it.
Check this out for V-Day The Drifters:Up on the Roof, Under the Boardwalk.@ www.StuartThomasManor.com dinner and dancing. (Please retweet)
debating which masters program to apply for...hm??????
do you play HoN or LoL?
Well this time I am going to bed goodnite everyone! Thnx to all my new followers love ya:D
The exaggeration makes it too unrealistic for me & other Dallasite friends. Liked the book, like the actors, just not the show.
am i that bad that you have to make me feel worthless?
thank you!!!
That makes today the B team. Braun, Hart and Lucroy are out.
Legitimately the happiest human
Saw "Richard Garriott: Man on a Mission" at SXSW Sunday. Excellent. Both Richard and Owen Garriott will be at Q&A at Thursday's screening.
Alright guys we are 5 people away from hitting 300 followers! Tell your friends to follow us for all things Easycore! It'll be fun!
u think a panamanian fan would agree with ur very very very biased opinion?
Did you know that in addition to PayPal, we also accept all major credit cards! Call us if you ever have questions. 877-799-9822.
Like Anders Osborne's "Stoned, Drunk, & Naked," Fear & Loathing is a code to live by. Stories I could tell...
Midyear tests in #APUSH and #USHISTORY - GOOD LUCK STUDENTS!
Bye twitter, Im off to write :D
Hide your sons and Hubbies! “: Confirmed cougar sighting near Crandon, Wi”
I think WeVideo would make more sense if there was a wiki-like check-in/out feature.
and definitely thinking about after spoke so highly about it
surprisingly few. A statistical anomaly.
“: when your mom takes a water bottle of vodka from your room thinking its water and uses it to water her plants... #losing”haha
I Guess We Spokee Too Soon ,
It's 8pm and I am still at work. Stupid server.
haha me neither! I've had that song in my head all night and day! Played it over & over to my bf to convince him its abt chess.
I'm pretty sure that I'm not all that easy to deal with all of the time. I have to thank all the people that make it look easy.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO!!!!! Hope you have the best one yet!!! Lots of luv!!! xo
Might skip
I find comfort in knowing that Jesus is always there-Even! When I don't feel his presence.
when's the next gig?
and your devoted followers are all on
after a crazy week, treating myself to an ride home from the office.
People have to quit doing flips on snowmobiles! I have said this too many times..
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one. Malcolm Forbes
great picture gorgeous!
Good for airport delays: La Mariana Sailing Club is a fabulous tiki bar near HNL. Umbrella drinks and sing-along live music.
it may be cold out there but there is always at least person
I wouldn't doubt it. It's been on & off all day. “: I heard there was hail in your hood before”
I love that in a post-apocalyptic world everyonehas spray paint.
Haha lebron James miss both free throws.
Bummed that Firefox 3.6 no longer supports MIMEEdit (eg click on .txt file to edit). Versions pre-2.0.0.12 were more flexible.
can't wait for your review! I spend a lot of time in MIA and need the advice...
Let's start a petition for more sun in Chicago, and see how many signatures we can get
After it's all said and done. I hope I'm not left by myself. I hope I can still hold my head high. And I hope I can keep on movin forward.
Thanks! Three down, six more to go! :-)
Last high school show ever tomorrow.
will do
Safeway, I really don't think mike's hard anything is a microbrew. No matter how you label it.
First Wives Club with Goldie Hawn, Diane Keaton, and Bette Midler was the #1 movie this day in 1996.
If Its Worth The Wait, Then Its Love.
Does Jordin Sparks write her songs about my life? I just listen to 3 of them and this girl knows exactly how i feel...
I want a Google+ invite! Anyone got a spare for me?
Get me a job. And an apartment. For $700.
style question: When writing about #ds106 is it ds106 or DS106? (I'll refrain from sharing my opinion until others weigh in.)
Our first tweet. Tringled is a psychological thriller in pre-production. Look for a dynamic trio of new stars to emerge from this.
I LOVE THAT! That was such an amazing coincidence!
shutup dats why you a moose
that sounds like a most excellent plan.
shipping unusable shit doesn't count as shipping.
Someone pull the fire alarm..
Don't look back at he closed door. Your blessing is here right now and before you. Keep your eyes on the prize.
i'm finished with finals!!! sophmore year COMPLETE!!
Trying out
Now u know that was bullshit...damn foul that was a charge!
I'm that uncomfortable full <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
#chibdayparty sweet party at Rockit with Plain White Ts, Chicago Butter Cookies and Billy Dec come by now!
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Spend $25.00 at our Riverwest Hardware Store, and get a FREE bag of grass seed!!!
Easter: triumph of truth and justice - Times of Malta
One of the co owners birthday is tomorrow! :) sweet 16 babbyyy
Finally home and, hey, more overtime. Sweet.
"Don't sit around and wait for success to come to you... it doesn't know the way." -Brian Austin Whitney
Yay!!! Halfway done with that paper I was supposed to finish last night...
Andersonville Wine and Spirits.
why? it's not my fault you didn't want to come over. and honestly, it broke my heart.. but, i'm okay now.
Just finished painting the baby's room; Pink and Green.
You may have my goat....I am going to get into being free....
stoked that in a a few days I'll be in Denver, CO drinking beer at
I sing sometimes
I said that to my mom and i got grounded..
Typically I don't need a resume. If someone hires me it is because they are hiring me. This is for a grant application though
I love you so much <U+2764>
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> i love my classmates. So proud of each of them <U+2764>
Done. Good luck!
aha, I'm cool :D
You can have it your way
Follow she's amazing and follows back!17
That was the best Hulk movie ever made!
is filming, photographing, writing, speaking, editing, learning and animating!
We are at the Lincoln Memorial, ready for this amazing concert!
You guys... You guys... I'm in the same building as Thom Yorke.
Just finished our first interview with Jake in Brooklyn. What a warm welcome!
I like Mark Moses as much as the next person but I wouldn't carry 2 of him around at a Conn.
follows me...... when he gets on a live video chat, comment tons of times and he will follow you, I promise :)
I HATE THIS FOLLOWING LIMIT...In order to follow more ppl I need more followers SOMEONE HELP ME GET FOLLOWERS PLEASE?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!?!
OH: "You got an F in Math, an F in Science. That's higher than mine."
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn’t take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
What happened to social and politically conscious artists???
Amtrak just stopped in Aberdeen, Maryland. Don't feel so out of place wearing my O's hat.
That moment when your telling a story to someone only to look at them and they're gone.
plus threat to life ! Lol!
I Hate Brushing My Teeth And Then Getting Hungry. -____-
Hot Tub Time Machine and BTTF should def be top!
I'm all fulled up. See you Monday morning !!
where was it that you found the midnight KD's
karate chop your throat... it'll teach it a lesson :D jk
It's funny watching people try and make a machine work.. >.< lmao
Brown and Lewis' faces.
Happy Opening Day!
QoTD: "The most dangerous lies are the lies you tell yourself." (Unknown)
chicken pot pie...
They already sell tequila and the profit margin on that is way better than it could ever be on rice water.
I vote for Rachael Crow
Follow me please. <3
I aint fucking with beef no more man fuck that shit chicken chicken chicken.
who in Portland buys used books, besides Powell's? And does anyone still buy used movies and CDs?
"If it aint another pimp in the country, it's gon' be some muthafuckin hoes hoin'" -Gorgeous Dre
Still thinking up our surprise. All I know is that it'll be the greatest thing in the world!
Check out she is the next big star on the worlds radar!!!
Today, 3:30pm, FergH 225: Graduate Student Musicology Panel. See these three conference papers here first!
I need to interview a shy person and an introvert. Is it uncool to ask for a retweet?? Help out a writer, why don't cha'?
any recommendations for some good eats in the Columbus, Ohio area...that I can wear jeans & t-shirt to?
Wow Chara is looking rough!
Mind buzzing w/all things screen printing and it's way too late in the night.
Would love that, thx
4 of the 5 pieces from the Chicago region nominated for the SA&W American Voices Award were Polyphony editors!
as bad considering he is typically below Kane in points....So $6M is too much for Toews...right?
if J Charles misses games who is best option? T Jones or McCluster?
When I'd go for groceries with my son during the day, how many times was I asked if I was paying with WIC?! O_O
cut or uncut? RT : I sucked Mickey Mouse's dick for a year.
it IS pretty sweet!!
aim high - purl?
Did you know that accounts receivable factoring has been around for thousands of years and is a billion-dollar industry?
how are you feeling after the accident? Sometimes there is a delay in feeling bumps and bruises..hope all is well ;)
When eating mashed potatoes...add a spoonful of cottage cheese to the center instead of gravy and a little cranberry sauce on top....yummy!
-- new music coming this week from !!
It's about time for the Steelers to execute a massive attack on the Jets and settle the score! Here we go Steelers, here we go!
Form habits wearing safety glasses or goggles to protect against eye injuries that can occur during sports, certain work or other activities
dream: on a date with V at a pizza sports bar doing my best to find a bathroom while floating via helium balloon. On the menu? waffle pizza
OMW 2 Ontario Airport. 2 day my daughter departs. See U n a couple of months Princess.
No, we have worked with real explosives on the farm. I can teach them a thing or two about blowing shit up. ;)
you actually going to stay to watch me potentially win this time huh?
alright bet!
No schoo woo! But feel like shit :/
All the babies in their Easter outfits outside playing! :)
Alright. Gotta take a break from the VMAs for my #RHONJ fix....
ill follow anyone just tell me to
I appreciate your input/feedback. I like it too. :)
We're also going to be at the Archives Fair at VCU on 10/28. Learn what archives from all over VA have to offer & how they can help you!
Tip of the day: an apple a day makes seven apples a week.
The cat's out of the bag! :)
I'm kind of loving the Twitter convo between and See you both on Monday at ?
West Ham win 2-1 over Blackpool! Being promoted to the EPL equals £89 million, more than the winner of Champions League winner today.
Do I want to know what you're talking about?
I love that Sally Draper is trending, but hate that I can't find out why until gets home. #MadMen cc:
I loved it, it was amazing, but then I represent one of the girls in it ;)
thanks a lot we all appreciate the feedback :)
MTV shoud ditch the reality shows and bring back TRL.
you should look at Shaqs career earnings. 20 million for his year in Cleveland
I'm just glad that you're ok.
All plans come with a 60-day free trial. So while not a free plan, a solid amount of time to try SG and our products
Most of the good thingz we enjoy today were discovered accidentally
You're just not measuring up
maybe one day you will. keep hoping
The protests are more about the attack on rights to organize than contributions to retirement benefits.
I am hiding out! I wish my daughter was here @ times like this so, I want have to think abt what im going through & ma needs n wants
Thanks! I'll see how it holds up again Kate/KDevelop.
my next project will be automatically posting them to a Tumblr :)
Start stocking up on contraceptives ladies. If Santorum wins the White House, you're definitely gettin' fucked.
thanks alot for the reply guys no big deal.... -_-
I believe it was from the show that Justin bieber came and did a surprise performance? But I'm not totally sure. A few days ago.
Getting an Altima is always a cause for a celebration! Congrats.
DO ALL THINGS WITH LOVE <3
Eric the shithead boob extra blocked me!
...forgery, gross cheat, incest, kidnapping, malicious burning, bribery, sodomy, treason, murder, & subornation of perjury or malfeasance.
ok cool, you boys set that up and tell me when to be there lol
I like ones u can fix up.. like a car.... Lol
5 hr. Dames rehearsal complete!! On way to see NMTC peeps in Texas Chainsaw Musical in Fringe Fest!!!
Will so. Thanks.
Thanks Jim. It was another great camp, wish you could make it. My team didn't draft a catcher, so I transformed into one.
Follow me??
Enjoyed reviewing our findings of a discovery session today - the client was delighted and we are going to get a chance to work together.
you're tellin me!! We aren't ever gonna have to know that stuff
ADDICTION AND AUTONOMY: CAN ADDICTED PEOPLE … | One ...
How do you like Erik and Graham? Hope you are enjoying the course!!
Up at 6:30am on the Saturday after I've turned in my thesis; only for !
There are probably some very inexpensive items at the Colts team store right about now. Woah.
And the #Padres game ends as the #Seau memorial starts.
Anybody tryna two tone they iPhone hmu..
no rice?!! Omg! Lol
me too! He's my rock!!
No problem. It needed to be said.
Nothing like being at home on a Sunday, just relaxing, watching tv and being with the only person I care to be with in the world !!
Now that everyone's left for awhile I'm feeling relaxed.
We get our Mighty Mouse back tonight!! Welcome back Brendan, we have missed you!!
Dick Clark RIP
Lmao!..why my sis just bless me wit Holy Water?!
Oh my God! ESPN is reporting that "Squeaky" Fromme just signed with the Redskins! (via Steve d'Oliveira)
Dark Shadows RT : MIGHT have time for a movie today. The Avengers or Dark Shadows?
Addendum: there shall be slow, awkward tweeting from
Another bad day with my bullies
twitter cracks me up bunting Getz or dyson makes some sense bunting butler or hos not so much. Don't act like they r same
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, "I will try again tomorrow ~MA Radmacher
I will organize my information and email you all soon! Thanks!!
Doing well. Trying to get back in the writing mode... unsuccessfully. What's new with you?
Wth? James Cameron's already planning two more Avatars..I havent even seen the first one! Damn you and your oscar!
I need to get off twitter. Goodnight <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Hey - if I wanted to see all the crap about politics and the Oscars I'd follow those accounts. Stop retweeting every CNN thing, jerk
Unfollow this page now it got hacked follow my new one
UPEI's first learning community is shaping up nicely. Excellent technical support today from Thanks!
/ Right on! Meaningful engagement of targets is the fastest way to a good
thanks for the shout, great german food "roots" style. See you soon.
"You make my heart sink like the Titanic! .......too soon?"
awesome reach out to he has taken over year of the tshirt for the first 120 days. We would love to feature yoy
quietly listening to #viennateng on my work computer. Looking forward to going to see her tonight!
I'll be there!
I think about what I have what some ppl don't have and I know I am blessed!!
@ My first Navy Homecoming for the #ussenterprise ! Can't wait to see my honey in a couple hours :)
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Too many OH conversations to tweet before this movie starts.
Historically: book and magazine editing and indexing. Growing edge: online content, esp. blog writing, editing, managing.
Boyfriend just gave me his credit card
#ripmca u have been like a #broski to us in the hip hop game.
We always ignore the ones who adore us, and adore the ones who ignore us.
Get your copy of "Heaven" today on itunes or CD Baby!
Track me down and say hello!
of course. I always find the perfect person for the job. Whoever it may be. Too bad avedon is gone...
Lets Go Hogs Beat Ole Miss and go Hard For Christ!!!
does "Chuck" fall in that category?
in my Eboni voice use wat u got to get wat u want Lmao
Maybe that phone call was important
Patriot Gun Safe Company is having a huge sale on scratched & dented gun safes. Its a great way to save yourself a few hundred bucks
too sad too notice me getting pale lol...
Kelly <333 I Miss You!
You know what? I really just don't care.
What is with this umpire?! I can't listen to his Native American strike calls anymore (unless they're for the ).
I love a *good* rose (operative word, good!). Allso looking forward to some good summer whites!
Is way mo bishes nd hoes out der den REAL WOMEN..!!!!!!#is.dis.why.ima.MAC.?????#ma.self.conscious.talkin#R E T W E E T
LaRC representatives recently spoke to meetings of the Ruth McEnery Stuart Clan (a literary society) and the Jefferson Genealogical Society.
Finally converted to iPhone and couldn't be happier!
. "McCann...so many retarded people in one building." Cracks me up. Still, it's good to have a contact there.
s/o to myself for all these retweets and followers I'm getting
how's that wind treating you?
Watching you leave, the tears on your sleeve. Notice that mine aren't exactly dry.
Hows the surprise planning going
I guess the feeling isn't there , checking you out !
Jason we talked a while ago u dont remember i live in sb
RITE NOW IM DOING DEALS... #STUDIOFLOW.... 100$ A VERSE...GET AT ME FOR A FEATURE...
Business is like riding a bicycle. Either you keep moving or you fall down.
yes - ALA has bought out DCC wifi -- so free except exhibit hall
Just received a text: "Let's move to New York, it's now legal to view child porn online!"
hotels, lounges, salons, real estate, rehab homes, have many future opportunities if your interested investing!
You up now but you'll get yours some how, some day, in some way, shape, or form. Revenge is coming, no way to escape the storm.
Life is about preparation meeting opportunity. There is no such thing as luck. - Jillian Michaels
Little things really are big things: Getting to take just my wife to dinner, the kids playing nicely a sleeping dog, not having to grade...
Looking at prom dresses I'm going back and forth from short to long dresses... decisions it's so hard to choose. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
... You're a fucking idiot... he's raised far more money compared to the Republicans.
We create custom twitter backgrounds 4 Pro Athletes & Celebs. Would love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM if U R interested.
Ah, March! Warm weather, sun, birds chirping, dunks, the 'Whoosh' sound as a mid-major knocks off a 3 seed. Love the #madness .
Kerry Wood can't throw strikes any more. It's kind of a problem.
Thanks so much!!
HAHA. Good morning! How are you? May I eat for two for you today? ;)
i will try to make it
its 2012...thought things would be different...everything still the same #stillgettingmoney... oh yea n my babymama look good!
Steve Kerr just stated that Kobe is a better dribbler and shooter than Jordan. -- Been saying it for years
This time I read it and felt venerable and interesting
Again as I have said before keep your eyes on the dot. Should have short trades out since Wed rally as I advised my clients.
I fooled around n fell in love
RT #highered success & its connection to prosperity may be the most important #economic growth issue of our time. --
Cambridge Semantics Wins Best in Show at 2012 BioIT World Conference - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
I thank the Lord daily
If gmail's not working, does that I can go outside and play?
See you tonight - Mardi Gras Parade at West 18th Street - meet us at YJ's Snack Bar at 7pm and we'll eventually make our way to 18th/Vine.
followed. Follow back?
Shared accountability. Harder than what it seems, but crucial for professional relationships to work.
Manchester won the league!
Vincent Tinto from Syracuse U: the key to an early warning system for students is that it is EARLY. #aascu academic affairs meeting
are you sorry, Kels? Really?
It's hard to be uniquely you when you are watching so closely what everyone else is doing.
Congrats Awesome win at one of the best NASCAR tracks.
lol(: how did you find me? Haha
#Turbokick tonight at 7pm at the spa dance studio in newark. instructed by yours truly :) <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>come on out!
Octavia your making me cry!!
followed still dont got any new followers... lies
Getting drunk isn't gonna solve anything.
I THINK IT'S JUST RIGHT!
What is San Diego known for? The weather probably, right? What if it was known for love and people who selflessly serve others?
Sometimes saying NOTHING is powerful than speaking
Flushing my ARP cache. Ladies.
That random moment when you see something you did not need to see an your like <U+E107> haha
I think it should say good luck in mexico with DD
My patience is so thin lately. My temper has recently been out of control. I got a lot of growing to do...I'm bout to call it a day...
Stream looks amazing
Bruno Mars-long distance
we are SO looking forward to blowing the roof off that place (don't worry, mean that figuratively).
Martin Milner, formerly of the D.C. office of Mayer Brown, has joined McDermott Will as a partner.
catching up on my favorite show as of right now
*raises hand* oh man do I! RT Random lunch break thought: Remember when everyone had a SideKick phone?
the things you see
Oh well! Look us up when you're back in town.
How do you define a fan? I always wondered that
@ FarmAid Even though I am just a Pug, even I know the answer to that..YES!!!
please follow one of your biggest fans ever
Im so excited abt the education & tech wrk that & I are doing! So excited that we got apprvl 2 move 4wrd w/the grant we're wrking on!
Become our fan on Facebook! www.Facebook.com/SilverProductionsMV
Got School Tomorrow Damn.M.P.
The person who writes "Feel Like a Woman" is gonna get paid
fukk it this lets do it again pt. 2 is on repeat for today #bordreamers BITCH
I need more followers hehe
Omfg and I can't wait for the Super Happy Fun Land puppets!!!! 8:D
You can now purchase Humility Wave #1 by our humble editor, , at The Beat Museum in SF! $2. Will be on EWP site soon!
Yo this chick thinks i care na she racheted.I just want my damn hat! With her stink ass!
got a show tonight in downtown :-) you should come out
During the WarOf1812,the British had burned down the White House&were set on taking the PortOf Baltimore,which was protected by Fort McHenry
ill shout u out.lol
I admire comprehensive focus scope of those who can hang but it's field too far for my cost/benefit on Personal Nat'l Happiness.
the joke is that its blacked out on versus but they are playing the knicks on both msg and tnt
at the end of Q1, Jam up 28-21.... Brian Butch with a game high 9 points
if by best you mean "best at racial slurs toward opposing teams, pouring drinks on opposing fans, etc." then yes
Oh and if anyone wants to play me on Scramble with Friends, my username is: Lyrensiren
Thanks for the follow guys. Digging the music!
that doesn't matter movies,club <~~~
Asking Dor if he owns an Otis Redding album and him replying with, "I actually just bought one today." Cute or creepy?
lol shut up
“: Thank you to all the agencies who participated! #aiganc” thx u all for spreading the word about #Raleigh #design community!
Thanks for the follow! We'd love to tell you more about how we blend a lot of your passion (but maybe not neat freak :) )
please follow me on instagram my username is iluvya_nojoke. Thank u!
Congrats for the Outstanding New Member Education Award at !
That new lifetime logo is annoying me lol
I should come up one weekend!!!
Rickey Lee Watson, now on ITUNES DOWNLOADS ,Hit SIngle What I Love About America,Time for Change Cd, no# 10 Independent Music Network charts
Chicago is super ghetto! Can't wait to move...
Also really looking forward to hearing sets from , , and tonight!
U amazing could u follow me
#SuperiorSwag All Day
Hey, how did your first program go?!
Follow us! We are here to help.
lol there is nothing better then watching my baby best up my sister go jay go jay go
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!_
Everytime I post an ad on Craigslist and put "Se Habla Espanol" in the ad, some asshat flags it. This is all that is wrong with America.
i seen my old best friend from 1st 2nd andd 3rd grade today at school!! (: :0
Atypical for a Sunday -leaving audition for part in Men in Black 3 (it went well!!!) en route to studio again.
Yeah, I go to Amazon cuz of the huge collection and prices. Love being able to sample, and then buy single tracks or entire CDs.
you need a cigarette hanging out of yo mouth for a profile pic like that.
Hit tha snooze a couple times fuk it im up!!
your just a hater
Not all knowledge is digitalised in the form you need it. the one ominipresent helps yo have an idea of what is in the field
why be embarrassed? It will only improve the scope of your search :)
Hold On!
Shaking I'm so pissssssssssed!
Is kellin Quinn really engaged and having a baby !????<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
my entire right forearm this morning, actually. Where do you train in DC? I'm there for a couple weeks coming up.
Me: I saw you dancing. You've got incredible rhythm for a deaf guy. Him: I'm not deaf! Me: I know.
Cheesy songs on a rainy afternoon. Makes me fall asleep.
thought I would check one out ;)
Sure, if I'm not doing anything(:
- Thanks for the follow! Happy New Year to you!
sounds really nice from their homepage. how does it work for ppl with health insurance from work?
is the best wine Ive had all day & the people here are even more amazing! Cheryl especially; thank u!!
u said the value is in the 'service' and noted preservation re spec colls question, but its re: the research2
Playin water balloon volleyball first bell (:
haha like you won it?
Why make models more "humane"? Just statistical likelihood isn't enough, & easier for humans to find mistakes.
RT : RT : "People try to rain on your parade because they have no parade of their own." Jeffrey Gitomer
Yeah! Doggie Fashion show! Tix $35 w/proceeds going 2 the shelters! Dogs Rule!!
Great day. #lucky and blessed. Hard honest work does pay off.
Managerial class requiring me to take a test to see if I'm entrepreneurial. I think if so, I would screw test and go make $ instead! Irony.
most likely but I doubt I will since I wanna transfer to PCC :x
If you want to look young and thin, hang around old fat people. -Jim Eason
OFF TO SEE DAVID GUETTA!! GONNA TAKE SOME VIDZ OF THE MADNESS...
DISGRACE SIXERS BLEW THIS GAME AND PHILLY SPORTS HEARTBREAK CONTINUES
Good luck & have great games to & in the City/County All-Star Game. Last game as a Titan.
Recruiting for a #Records Management Analyst in #Philadelphia! Contact me for details!
Thanks, Keith!! We're fans as well. : )
yay hope u had a great day!
Treat every person with whom you come in contact with as the most important person in the world
Why didn't LOL release in Miami or Ft. Lauderdale FL? D:
#thingsiregret ... well the one bitch
Why do people insist on talking about American Idol? It's almost as bad as those assholes who ask if you watch Survivor.
Malcolm X~ Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If youre a man you take it.
Announcing some exciting news tomorrow!!
#IWishTheyWouldBringBack #hanging - baskets, they look especially nice this time of year, I could get Gerard Depardieu to water them for me!
I love listening to you guys on
its your birthday, whatever YOU want to do. I will be in Irwin until 615ish then ill meet you there I guess
RT : s/o to , hope you get everything done today. You can do it exhubby! ;P
It is SO cold in Knoxville <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00BF>
While others get the time. The streets aren't for everybody so if it isnt for you, don't waste your time getting jammed up or killed.
hahahaha wasn't it?..such a pain to get out of there..
come upstairs when you get back!!
Can we make a national entrepreneurship day? RT : 2/23 is now entrepreneurship day in MA.
just make sure Captian Jack stays far away from the team.
You never know what tomorrow brings , so you shouldnt worry about it , live for now , not the future <3.
We should start a movement to stop it with these jokes. That'd be the final solution.
lol i came over! and yeah i better be at least a sis if not more!
I tweeted that on Monday, when you are closed. But liking my britches to fit is a problem if I eat there too often. :)
Yeah, the kit combo is pretty bad, mainly bc of our shorts. The matching issue should have been MTL's problem not our's.
Great presentation today! I loved your annecdotal brand advocate story with
Q5 Why not teach them what words mean? "The circulating books are on the 2nd floor; you can check those out."
Only 5 letters separate ordinary from extraordinary. Go the extra 5 letters.
I didn't wanna step in front their swagger! #thewisewordsof Bailee Storms
ouch. getting spicy chicken wing marinade in the cut on your finger is nature's way of telling you "wait until dinner you fatass"
Signing off...time to put my slightly ill self to bed.
My laptop is violent. It just hit me in the face. Now I have a fat lip...
I got 2,548,980 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run. :DD
I love my therapist <3
Who has my back?
11 more "LIKES" to 200 in order to lose the wager HAVE 4 hours to go!
#FF: My new Twitter page dedicated to employment law matters affecting New Mexico.
Jenny Rice: pop songs are like boxed wine: designed to be enjoyed right away without thinking too hard about it.
Giving control rather than taking control is the triumph of deliberate intent over impulsive reaction.
We're open and you're on Spring Break. There's only one thing left to do...Come over!
My kitty is sick from the pound. I feel so bad, I hope she is better in the morning. I just feel #sad for her.
Barrett/Mitchell for Governor!
A1: Start with your goals... if u look @ your existing site & if it is not up 2 the same standards as other sites in ur industry u need help
Some random girl took a picture of me Swaggin into school #cool??
It's all beauty and brawn as fitness competitor Laura Wright joins us for a fitness #photoshoot today. Stay tuned.
Application deadlines for the #LeadershipCoaching and #OrganizationalConsulting programs are fast approaching!
Cider and donuts don't forget the rum RT : Q1 What are your favorite fall foods?
I'm an art robot, with no vagina.
Where do you post photos now? Can I see them?
Yeah, love the older stuff!!!
Presidential historian pleads guilty to document theft, conspiracy for stealing from archives
follow me back? (:
that is my favorite song! I listen to it every night. You're so amazing.<3
that's the worst grammar i've ever saw too.
Have I mentioned lately, we do weddings and, not to pat myself on the back too hard, we do GREAT weddings!! :D
Is US today at a transition moment?can it sustain it's positions as a global power?Some think US will lose preeminence
Rainy Monday! Great day for our yummy homemade soup for lunch!
Online Marketing Strategies Are Failing, Australian Businesses Need To Refocus
-- Ha! Agreed!...If I see one more rainbow-colored, motivational,"keep calm & (fill in the blank)" post...so help me god...
very nice. I hear those guys are a handful, be ready.
Cant wait to hear sing at the bottom of the 7th inning should be interesting i wander if lita will join him
Quite well, very busy. Yourself?
U guise.
When you're boyfriend, says the firearm stuff to you
RT : Sometimes you just gotta take chances
No, that was Brittany Daniel. She played Mila Rovsnovsky. I loved that show!
Grand total for incoming cases in 2008 for Michigan: 4,397,286.
Thank you right back beautiful friend!! :) xoxo
My bros are some game Freaks!!!
nah dude ! you're not crazy, i have been there too hah!
Damn...some these girls have huge asses!
actually robert griffin is worse than selfish. He is a totally overrated player. ZERO defense in the Big 12.
Happy to be back home after a long day learning lots of cool new stuff.
You were amazing in 'The Day', I saw it at the Sarasota Film Festival. Great job and thanks for coming!!
Just because you can 'Do it Yourself', doesn't mean you should. ()
Pete: I wanted to give you good news. Roger: Drinking good news?
when the guy you like likes your best friend. FML.
TI's going back to prison for 11 months. Hopefully, this will be his last time.
I invite people to examine their lives without negativity, knowing that it's scary, but that not doing it is even scarier
No worries... the idea is 8 am local time in 60 cities around the world, but an occasional prime-time special?!
Best nap of my life! <U+E13C><U+E00E><U+E337>
appreciate the follow fam
"His body could not handle what was in his mind" - Can't get that line out of my head.
would you like to play a game?
As we begin this journey, I'm teaching my actors dialects. French, German, Chinese, Italian and one of my actors is dialect adept!
Time to get back in Twitter training with #dhsi2012 only six weeks away!
Wants a summer job but doesn't know what to do.
#fridayreads : finished LIFESPAN OF A FACT this morning- absolutely must read this!
Johnny&#39;s Selected Seeds Uses Experian QAS Software to Enhance Online Data Quality
Codes you are the best! Thanks man! Easily one of the nicest guys I know! :)
Oh my I'm in love with the new song you make my heart jump
Damn It Google, Where Are My Magic Android Lightbulbs?
Absolutely and it was one of my faves. Even went for their butterscotch pot de creme...amazing!
Think positively & masterfully/with confidence/faith & life becomes more secure/more fraught with action/richer in achievement & experience
How bout team STFU kk? k.
u too!
So thanks so much ! I'll write more about it in a blog post soon.
Looks like a blast Laura! Super stoked for you :) Working on music stuff as we speak!
Welcome to Atlanta - Home of the 2011-2012 SuperBowl Champions.
the only person you need to please is yourself!
Does that qualify as lolcat?
DRUG PARTY POT LUCK: Mac 'N Trees produced lots more giggles, far fewer shat-in jeans than my Smack 'n Cheese
Canadian Universities pay profs more than US, cost less than US, don't have to cover employee health care. Coincidence?
No problem, it was a great post!
crap! You gonna mail me one or what? Any seal pictures?
When you get older you realize #BeingMuslimMeans seeing young Muslims and realizing that these kids blow up fast.
#HardRockRising is rising to the occasion with #AdelaideinAutumn w/ cover medley featuring Ga Ga punk style - crowd goes wild.
Congratulations Hines 1000 catches....Hall of fame bound!!!!
i think i have a pretty good idea c:
good morning! I sent you an email reply the other day. You have any thoughts?
Anyone shocked the Ducks didn't go for it on 4th down there?
the #chiefs draft A guy with the 11th overall pick that wasnt even on his 1st team all conference team, 2nd team conf. Usa.
Peace Sign Raglan Shirt – Give Peace A Chance Raglan T-Shirt – Heather Grey/Black
CM=chicago made
Twitter is supposed to be a conversation, but no one listens. It's me, me, me.
Though some of that might just be the context...pull some of the work outta the tent and it'd be easy to really love.
You can say the same about rolls!
can't wait for lunch today!
Which company paid to have #CorporateGreed as a Twitter Trend?
Follow me for great workouts, fitness tips, healthy recipes and motivation.
Couldn't agree more. : Obstacle: we need to slow down to focus on disruption, not just scaling change.
Happy Monday everyone! What did you all think of last night's #Oscars?
Thanksgiving was great in NYC. Now back to LaLa Land. All my love to family and friends
Boy, you's a window shopper. In the jewelry store lookin' at shit you can't buy.
Just finished listening to the compound effect and loved it! Will def make many changes to my life, has influenced me greatly!
interesting, I never had a Ms Stevens but sounds familiar so id probably recognize her
It's up to you... A life of ease, of reflection and intellectual challenge... Or this.
Good Morning World!
LMAO ok ok
Just made my first ever edit in Wikipedia. Someone had vandalized the Fort Atkinson entry. So I fixed that and added content. Fun!
Somehow they always taste better when you are sitting outside at Cafe du Monde.
Every Person that wants to grow, to be apart of the part of life that matters, keep it locked on love it. thanks....
We hurt people who love us and love people who hurt us.
lol Oh well I don't watch basketball but hey Kobe is a beast i guess lol
we are who we are and we live in our time together but apart...peewaddy.com for all of us separate and united
Come on Lakers!!! Let's get it going in the 2nd half.
He will get the Bobcats going at some point. MJ thrives on these moments when people doubt him.
Hah! I warned you of that, didn't I? You thought I was exaggerating!
ABQ Police pop 15 people at DWI checkpoint set up Friday night at Broadway and Coal. Also seized two vehicles.
Back to school today! New CEO Brizard and WGCI came to Harper to ring in the new school year! What excitement.
Answering emails from 2:30 AM til 4:00 AM because I can't sleep. There's some dedication to your clients and company! - Shane.
Having lunch w/ some of the #OhSoFabulous models and catching up on today's news. UPDATE: wrapping-up commercial spot today.
So unfortunate.
work sucks... 3rd shift is the worst thing EVER, :/ Grrr
that would be awesome - Free songwriting contest TrackPizza.com
This week is going by slow af...
I hear the argument totally, but Finley had more TD's & yds per carry in 11 than Davis. Hard coming back from injury
Absolutely! Thank you for sharing this.
HAPPY EASTER SUNDAY thank the lord for another YEAR WITH THE FAM
ahh sharon, so glad you followed me back!
The Muppets should have won all the awards!
our names look way too similar! It's a good thing our books are so distinct!
CONOOOO TOO GOOD
Fuck u guys, that hungry hippo tweet is BOMB. B-)
Ah jade is been too long
oh my gosh! the fine older men and the fine younger men together!! :)
There isn't enough time in a day!!!!
Hey! How are u?
Get cheap price now NFL Buffalo Bills 2 Piece Two Tone Stainless ...
Recorded an excerpt of Slayer's Raining Blood for one of the attack scenes in The Tempest. 1st rehearsal starts on Wed.
Official announcement time: Job ends November 14. Interested in: Communications, writing, filmmaking, teaching. Know of anything?
RT : “The ultimate reason for setting goals is to entice you to become the person it takes to achieve them.” Jim Rohn
Awkward turtle!! Haha
Omg - are you not cracking up?! I was the creepy creeper on the bus who couldn't stop giggling.
Cannot wait for this ! Guess I don't have to anymore. YOU ARE AMAZING! I mean....see ya!
Love it! Glad I'm not the only one ;)
I would enjoy the campaign ads. " vote for me, I will bring back Homeworld"
club promoters are out going, single mothers are outgoing, the rugrats are outgoing. SHE is just something else though.
We went up to one of the operators and asked where he was from. He said that he was from Africa, but I don't know..
dude does your buddy Zach do good work?
It's not to late to try Cheddar Chive Scones & Gravy, prepared fresh by Chef Chris!
yess! that was me :) it was too busy so I went over to St. Elmo's. Say hi next time stranger!
you mad bruhh?? tittie city tittie tittie city pep pep pep pepperoni nipples trick lol:P
Late response on my part, but yes I did make that pic. Glad you liked it
Aight Ms. we get dis money I'ma bless you in to dis 2K12 ish....I hope you ready because Rose bout to hit 90 lol!
tell me bout it lol inbox me if u want
Headed to Bastille Days
#Celtics only have 3 turnovers in the second half, 8 total. Still shooting 56% too. Played a full 42 minutes thus far.
So true. ;-) RT : If it wasn't for the gutter, my mind would be homeless.
you guys made my night last night the best night of my life expecialy when cole hugged me.:) :) love you
That's hot.
columbus, ohio
that's what I was thinking, luckily it's in our office ;)
Is Climate Change Real? For the Thousandth Time, Yes - KQED (blog)
Shy Ronnie 2: Ronnie and Clyde might be my favorite Lonely Island song
mhhmmm? Wish had some EARPHONES half as decent as those ... I wonder y he doesn't !!!
you tryna kick it?
Uhggg I have to sit with my old friends....only one of them is a true friend
Do well tonight!! I love you. (:
My owner (Lisa) did not like my dirty location, sorry boss ;) what can I say I'm just a dirty dog with a dirty butt you should clean.
I didnt get nothing bro whats gud doee": I jus hit u up on the books"
seriously.....scalbrine has a shirt. Amazing.
its funny cause everything have been figured out except how to live
Op Free helps empower vets and keep them serving in their lives
U2...45 million albums sold...22 Grammy Awards.
Hey you, just got our call sheet and you are on our production tomorrow! Meet you then!
#supportlocalmusic Live not till 5p with some good random tunage. Stop by and join the fun.
I came 2 realized certain mistakes & situations in folks lives are no longer a reflection of who they're its a misconception of society
*Raises hand*
Yo! It's birthday! Happy birthday syd!! #Rratedmovies #thatsaboutit :) have a good one!
Lmao Boozer's kids chanting Let's go Heat
Yep. It was Emil's idea and a great one.
Hi Thanks for checking in on #Foursquare I hope you are enjoying your stay!
look for misreported delinquencies, over-reported loan amounts, and underreported credit limits in our credit report
No problem! Great strategy session. " thanks for the helpful discussion of 's future!"
Otherwise known as
Tonight we doing open bar from 9:30-10:30 get there early we appreciate you! Enjoy your Monday night!
Yes sir!! Thanks!!
Mascot tip #8 Walk around: Many different styles of walking can be used. Evoke the emotion you’re trying to convey in different situations.
stop trolling with your short crackheaded self
Stuck in the middle with you.
have a great day!
"I will not stop saying words." -
SPAGHETTI WAREHOUSE FOR DINER YEAH GET STOKED!.
had a great night at Howloscream last night. going back on the 23rd of October, who's up or more scares?
they just started taking over
Whew! First experience being the interviewer. It is kinda fun.
G.F.B. Problems Getting It Tatted On The 27th Of This Month.G.F.B. Damage Mode 414.Its Problems Bitch.
Wouldn't it be nice if everyone had an estudio and could twitter all night and all day long...
Went to WEC luncheon for a presentation by 's External Affairs & Outreach. Learned by 2030, San Diego will have 1 million+ more people!
“The sooner you make a mistake and learn to live with it, the better.” Courtney Summers
I'm thirty than a hoe
omg.. unreal
Just wait til we're pushing a hovering Bentley
Mf's be ugly , thinkin they know shit when they don't , worry bout ya own . If ya wanna know , hes tha shit , at everything (;
Can't believe TA's INSTAGRAM account reached 800 thank you everyone!
Looking forward to class on Saturday, hope you all can make it! We're located at: 10835 Santa Monica Boulevard Los Angeles, CA 90025
Talkin 'bout you don't understand my vision, that kuz you ain't in it yet.
I'm on so many anti-biotics I feel like a zombie.
thats AWESOME!! sounds fun so i hope you have fun!!! :D
I hate those bad feelings that you get in your stomach and it makes you feel so ugh.
Lets go Brewers! Bring on beast mode!
hoping to add a vinyl component down the road, but no date set yet. april 24 is cd and digital. :)
You have to yank Jefferson....Les Miles is a moron if he doesn't!
Heading home from an awesome missions trip in Kingston, Jamaica!
imma start keeping it 100 with females & niggas too so dont get mad when i tell the truth
March 29th, The Hard Rock in Pittsburgh for the Hard Rock Rising Local Finals.
Wish I had my dog in the studio with me. Guess my co-workers wouldn't appreciate having his beautiful hair on their clothes though.
Just tasted some local AZ Christmas beer from Prescott Brewing Co. Still a much bigger fan of the Great Lakes Christmas Ale.
Your brand matters. Your reputation matters. Cultivate it.
Registration for the Mother's Day Tea Party are full for this Sunday, but there's always next year!
Exercise daily, walk with the lord.
The most beautiful moments are often when I hear your lovely songs :)
#Imagine tweeting you "goodnight and i love you" that would be AMAZING but that will never happen:(
Sending referrals to other business owners
I'm ready to be able to sleep an entire night again...
Family members losing their brain - I mean #cellphone Can one function without ?!? #whattodo?
Spring break is over. Now back to work with survey writing and lecture writing and paper writing. I do an awful lot of writing. :( meh.
My ex is on the dirty... o_O
Is it pathetic that it is easier to find help on configuring MS Online services using Google search instead of MS Online configuration page?
Me and my friend Britt met two decent guys in our state on chatroulette that's uncommon. They're awesome :]
Listen more, talk less.
wow! That sounds like an amazing class.
i must have missed it. Maybs if we had listened to B.O.B you wouldn't have gotten pulled over!
wad up dawg!?!….we missed you! cc
I don't think anyone would be surprised that 4-letter words play a key roll in my husband's software development process. cc://
don't worry your dying chicken voice gave me chills :$
bring it dashiki
I chose the mild one, Eric Kehe chose the hot burrito. I think he is secretly regretting it.
I'll be doing this more often<3 don't worry!
Today was cool got to see some awesome stuff on the way back from the lake.
Olive already sleeps all day and prowls at night. She'd be perfect for the job. ALSO, she has a hipster tiger style going on
Riding a Jazzy down the sidewalk in Vegas anytime when the sun's out is not what you wanna be doing
Go for someone who is not only proud to have you but will also take every risk just to be with you.
We have tanning!! You know you want to come in TODAY!
:( svedka now. Sounds like we crushed your dreams there!
how bout I call now ur phone, at 5pm ;)
There's a line drawn in the sand, I'm working up the will to cross it and I hope that I will never let you down
Its been a long time since I've had a home cooked meal
summer vacation starts in 2 weeks!!!!
hi I love u can u follow me please
I am still doing spring cleaning. I am not answering phones or emails till I am done. Started last night at 9 pm..almost done.
FREE Chocolate Chunk Cookies at the Avon Chick-fil-A from 11am-1pm
If I don't walk out now I'll <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> her!
Also, we didn't get to turn our butterflies loose today, so I had to feed them again. I don't want to be responsible for dead butterflies!
um no
They also don't like the words "toilet paper," I learned the other day.
I don't think mr rite exists for me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
stop bein nosey then go watch real tv <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
#newtrad very excited for and Christina Murphy too!
Me too! “: Where I'd like to be today: RT : Jane Austen portrait & Bodleian Library for World Book Day
What an amazing performance!
changed it to kind of like but without the last name. . . in case i dont end up changing my last name
RT : You have too much good sh*t going for you to let that bad sh*t bring you down.
I have to sit down & check myself and my emotions sometimes to keep from checkin these fake mfs
It's a damn good think I like my exercise and love this weather; otherwise I'd be pissed about parking so far away!
Everyday i learn something new. I that helps keep me humble.
hey you guys are pretty. I like the music too.
And prisons. :-) But seriously, sometimes on opening nights of big productions, too.
So #Richmond, what are your plans for tomorrow? Going to of the #RVA Fireworks on the James?
zero! I live here! (:
What are the chances of some blackberry Cabernet Ssuvignon jam or cherry Pinot Noir or plum Merlot jam? Weird craving for it :)
that sucks lol
but really, let's ketchup, are u staying in btown this summer?
Are you in? Women's Yellow Pages, 2012 edition now accepting reservations for next year's book, affordable prices, payment plans
Do YOU even know her? No? Then why are you tweeting her attacking her? Not only are you stupid, you're a hypocrite. Cute.
Happy 53rd Birthday.... "Michael J. Jackson"
Allergies + Asthma = Death <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
I believe in re-incarnation but I dislike to forget our past, ones we come back!...
Hell Yeahh I Was Up This Morning Cuttin Ma MF Internet Back Onn Fuckk She Thought This Was. ?
We are incredibly thankful to know men in the ministry like ! His life is such an example of Jesus and faith.
me too!
john fetterman is doing amazing things in braddock. thanks john for making important changes!
Ugh. Wrote about two hundred words with code examples for an HN blog post and it vanished when the browser crashed. It hurts me.
Excellent! I'm in the 14th & Tremont office. Would love to meet up with you exhibition aside.
Should people -- especially kids -- wear helmets during severe weather when a tornado's in the area? New reccomendations on KSTP-TV at 10.
sure thing, lovely :-)
Faith Is Not Believing That God Can, It's Knowing That Go Will
#RIPMCA - you were a big inspiration.
Who do you have?
me deffinately lol can you come to florida again?
“: There's a tub of hummus that's been in my fridge so long that it just tried to sell me a rug.” Terrible, but funny.
Sounds dangerous! RT : Playing drinking game to the hipster playlist drinking when we hear exclusive
at apple. they need to figure out what's wrong with this MacBook.
On that bad meets evil flow
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com......
Ohh! Sorry, im kinda slow.(; and fun.(:
I don't but that would be cool!
Nothing like curling up beside the fire... Of an HDTV. Let's just watch The Walking Dead
RT : Breaking News: Your favorite nightlife group has been updated to ...Please spread the word!
well ii do have a life
GREAT job with the #OMM video :-)
Going to chinatown/little italy.....afraid of gettin mugged....oh jesus help us ~Devin.Anne<3
And I'm lots of kings and gods and stuff!............my name is Kevin
we won't then! Love you too!
Im So Caught Up! ..In my own style! ..Dat ion see u females or niggaz datz in da crowd!
anytime!! Ur welcome have a great day
The Truth is I Truly Love end of story she makes me Smile :) every day when I see her :) :)
WIN.OUT. DO.IT.
Why am I still getting 's twitter notifications sent to my phone.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
This is very true, and I am a guy
birds have opened our gutters and made a nest. It is right above our bedroom and we hear them all day & night.
i'm good baby and you ? <3<3
great stuff + affordable prices + great customer service = ESELL Auctions
tomorrow morning sometime.
At a cinco de mayo cookout...piñata is full of beef jerkey, mini bottles of hard liquor and a few things of candy...hysterical :)
Don't hate Travis for swinging at the 1st pitch, hate him for not crushing a meatball.
that sucks
Stability has REALLY left the building!!
Jim is shooting a Usher music video this weekend, without me, I swear he never takes me on the fun shoots.
congrats! :D
RT if you have a strong feeling your ex's family refers.to you as "he(she) who must not be named"
champagne of beers!
Please: Don't respond to rhetorical ?'s, laugh at your own jokes, make random outbursts, speak the obvious, or try to be cool in class. kthx
Just finished up a song.. Was trying to sing.. Hmm, never know, if I didn't get it, I'll find someone to kill it.
it's radio, just sound like you dressed up and you'll be fine.
usually not bad at all. availability is prob a greater concern, and I've never had to wait >15min anyway
Good advice: “: Have wallet and keys already in safe closet. #Joplin #tornado #neverforget”
I wish there was someplace I could take that biz card & say "See, I'm supposed to be a Wizard."
its cos you didnt follow me.
Happy Weekend Columbus! Who ran the Cap City Half!?
Im gonna scream so loud i swear ..
I am going through Nick Jr. withdrawal.
*Walks home* hey, Sadie?
#GM hey man! Tell your mom
Figure out what you want and learn how to ask for it. Those are both really hard.
i'm tired, and you? :D<3
Dilute dog shampoo. One cap full or a small squirt of shampoo in a cup of water. Mix well before applying to your pet-rinse well when done.
Check out the new look of www.jetoure.com. Tell me what you think!
And a howdy! to #nerdland and the #uppers who moved over to the new list, too.
Its getting late but i don't mind.
Glad you like! Thanks for the RT!
when am I ever mean to you
lucky them !!
influential as in you can single handedly influence the price per gallon of gravy.
EVEN HEROS HAVE THE RIGHT TO DREAM..
I support DES Daughter Caitlin McCarthy's nomination for a 2012 Presidential
“: This time tomorrow I will be on my way to Green Bay!!!!! :)” Jealous.. Should be awesome!!!
that it does! Lol
Everyone else on the Clippers besides CP3 and Blake needs to step up if LA is winning this.
how do you misuse literally?
its a lucky day
good thats the one i got. bring on the nasty
Going to bed all smiles
welcom back: wb: wanna bang? thank you: ty: tonight? yes. no problem: np: no protection. hehe
Ask away. It's part of your JOB. ;)
Let the craziness begin!
Pass the gloves!!!!
Welcome new literary friends
I'll ask you this if JoeMauer get 8*23M then what is Prince worth the same/more/less? they DO have 2yrs to figure this out?
thoughts on Urban Meyer as a broadcaster??
sounds delicious. Only if Edthel is involved, See you this weekend?
One must ALWAYS go in on a turkey sandwich
It's time for some laughs. www.freekshowradio.com
Fear is excitement in need of an attitude adjustment!!
OH NO! Nothing is worse than a headache resulting from a whiff of halitosis...NOTHING!
I'd kill myself but that's been done. Instead I'll bitch about my life.
betudontguess who the new TPE pro is.
This lady asked me for a size for thays guy shoe she was looking at, and I said I don't work here. -.-
And we are now back online! Thank you for your patience!
I'm happy for you!
Hey, Stella! Did you have a chance to read about ? I can resend the information if you need it again! Thanks! :)
My mom's having a full on dither spaz on the freak out scale.
Thanks for the follow Carlos!
(cont.)...but the Hot Topic dude actually did, because we couldn't meet you! I cried my eyes out! Do you remember them?
Almost out of Kentucky!!
I'm finding lately that meta amuses me. I give presentations about giving presentations and write about writing.
I bawled its so sad.
a welcoming committee and 24 hours to get rebooked to London on hopefully a non-explosive flight.
Listen for performing live in the big room at noon! Tune in locally at 102.5FM!!!
Trust me, it's just a little lie. Ha!
Overweight, anti-gay, unmarried. I mean its the most stuck record in the world.
i know your from Dallas!! that is so so so cool! like really cool! :) thank you for the DM to!! i screamed :o
I would die inside if followed me and rt this!
Friends of the Twitterverse, who are the top 10 entertainment agents in LA? I'm looking for my next clients. Free sessions 4 referrals!
SMITHTOWN, NY TONIGHT @ The MASONIC TEMPLE. 34 River Road. Be there!
I'm excited to see the Whitney tribute Sunday
La Blah Blah....Weber Grill enthusiasts who can't make up their minds.
Franklin St. Gym October 22nd , , and Dave Macedo will be speaking in what will be a great day of basketball.
Give the ball to Rice!!! Let's Go!!!
hehe that's a good one <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Courage is being scared to death - but saddling up anyway. -John Wayne
I dunno, but I'd keep some lube handy, just in case. RT : Can anyone tell me what "animal style" is at in and out burger?
I think we should put Jennifer Urban and Lydia Loren in charge ;-)
Nicest day in Seattle by far. Leaving Urbanspoon early to take the kiddos to the park . . .
We hope it's with us!
im heartbroken has a girlfriend</3
MT : My grandmother did a good job directing the Lionel Richie/Shania Twain duet video they're showing on this PLANE.
I got a call the other night... She said, "I read your book. It was enlightening. I'll never have another one night stand again".
when people take his cookies
GOOD MORNING;; I'm going out for a lovely breakfast with my wittle brother, and 3 of my Older Brothers! This shall be fun! (: <3
SINged. Supernatural meets a government conspiracy head on. Movie goes into pre-production Spring 2011. Keep your eye on it. If you can.
#irallstars User need at OR Pacific U: evidence for teaching evidence based practice. E.g. case conferences, faculty research.
Romania vows moratorium on shale gas exploration
Booked a supporting role in the comedy "Spaced Reality" shooting in Phoenix!
Having flashbacks to the great HBK-God tag team from years back
What's up with those faces Mr. S was making?!? Eww
Do you have a process that measures, ranks, and manages risk? Are you able to respond well to issues? Professionalize GRC.
Mixing "LIFE" sounding AcE! Nice one party music time Venice Friday come on down and pour something
Who's in the mood for a cocktail and some palm trees? Cocktails tonight 5:30 -10pm
Nice! Look fwd to seeing some B2B/tech brands on the list.
you welcome
Started ordering parts for my X-Wing pilot costume! Gonna be awesome!!
In a mastering session for my new single, Makin' Love. Yes my album is EPIC.
I'll make him get one. I I'm pretty influential.
By definition, leaders can't follow otherwise they are followers, not leaders... Think about that!!
Mashable is supposedly one of the most profitable blogs in the world o>O
playing a sick Radiohead cover!!!
Don't care.
Haha well that definitely makes sense
so were there hecklers?
New office location for #NNRC member, Bienenstock Reporting & Video - in downtown #Detroit. New facilities, excellent service.
Okay I'm Jk I'm not really puttin mine up here.. Oops
LostSpoiler: The Faraday arc was a great mind-bender. But, the ending was out of character. Dan wouldn't wield a gun or threaten to shoot.
I am addict too just not soda lol
I'm not laying on this bed depressed I need to go outside !
SO to UW Track on their B1G title. Sounds like Kyle Jefferson had a gutsy performance huh?
i don't rate JD like others but its hard to argue with results and he has produced with his time on the pitch
YOU: Hey Really Quick Text me His/her #.... Friend: Ok ima send it right now... "5min Later" YOU : Yo are you sending it or what...
it was the right thing to do :)
Excited about Jan 2-5: exhibiting ATLAS and sermon prep links on The Text This Week.
#occupyaustin at #sxsw :: The Commons: do we own City Hall? the sidewalks? the police? yes, we share them all ::
thanks Sarah!
Robert Reich~ In Washington its dog eat dog. In academia its exactly the opposite.
How many top ten teams do you have to beat to break 15? 12.5% of top ten losses (ESPN poll) to UW...
Do u have any tattoos?
Yo mama is so dirty,she makes mud look clean.
did you get in and out?
s/o to my latest and very cute follower
Let's Go #Rangers!
Check out to see what local museums are participating in Kids Free in October
S/O to all the chicks out there off my Mans jock... Gotto love it
Have you heard the joint we did with Babyface, Its called Guilty... Orphanz™
House cleaning before the Galaxy game. Drinking lots of water, too.
Is your office putting up a Christmas tree?
need to be sent to help fight these wars, put the enemies down once and for all, then they can all come home, party, and celebrate!
I don't understand. How can EVERY auto insurance company offer lower premiums than EVERY OTHER one? It is not logically possible.
How stoked am I for our din din tomorrow? Quite.
hanging out with Claire,Claire wants crackers now. (:
I live in Milw Cty and the fiscal responsiblity (and collection of leaders) is ridiculous. MPS is also an unsalvageable farce.
I don't want perfect. I want real.
Will you be attending?
What good do your words do if they can't understand you? - Analog Girl in a Digital World
Because, like Orville Redenbacher popcorn, the EKU Kernels always pop and rise to the top!
#YOLO RT There's going to be a FULL MOON in #Scorpio on Cinco de Mayo!! Get ready for passion & intensity.
Kirsch with a 2-out single.
#SCtop10 #LebronJames block on Derrick Rose from behind in the 3rd Quarter should make Top 10 on
I'm going to star your tweet right now.
me back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>pwease
Happy Derby!
Wish I could trade my tooth fairy visits for a fairy that would write my papers...Guess I could hope for a genie, anyone seen one of those?
Sending good thoughts for Wes
Happy Valentines Day!! I <3 President Obama!! Click LIKE if you agree!!
Watchin the ridiculousness i missed yesterday lmao
35K Ft in the air, going 600 mph. Tweeting/G+ing using Chromebook provided by Google for Virginamerica flight.Thnks &
Just finished watching Alamar.Really terrific film!Definitely reminds me of my time spent in Costa Rica, especialmente Tortuguero.La kiero
Did you meet the incoming GM of New Mexico yet?
Watching the Phillies and rooting for the rain.
...Maybe it's me, not them.
Oh is that why he's like that. Consider the territory marked Alice. {winks & giggles}
You can't buy love, because when it's real, it's priceless.
Yay fantasy hockey!!
I know that feeling! I had one of those days too!
We have lots of films to book for Native American Heritage Month in Nov. See A Good Day to Die, Reel Injun, Barking Water, American Mystic.
I'm going to fix global warming. You're welcome.
You can call me o'brien from the way I be schemin'
flip a coin? but yes, we vote you should go. :)
can I get your number?
we are not old love c/o 84 just wise and sexy that's all
Hey , doesn't the removal of ships make Wake Island a bit of an odd choice? Ships were what made OG Wake so balanced.
What are your top two best practices for #smallbiz strategy?
Guys, I have plenty of Jabeneros left. Suicide Bomber anyone?
Team Edition of Total Blackout , Bloddy Hell ! I am so exctied ! :D.
Mayor Hancock: Uncapping, lifting the lid to a wider world for young people - also making them protectors of the world.
RT If you are tuned into #GDJB!
Wisdumb: two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
Avoid using sub-bullets in your blog posts to keep from confusing your readers. Save the sub-bullets for PowerPoint presentations.
Come see us at at Booth 249 for our first #ASCD12 conference on March 24-26. We would love to speak with you!
I would totally Skee-bowl. What an awesome idea!
what happens to the kid that us to pay boom boom rockets now ur smokeing weed no good
Shea. All day.
We have lots of dudes in our Museum! May is Women Riders Month, so we are celebrating #harleywomen all month long.
when you start putting ANDREW first.
you know you wanna go to the same school as me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
mom:HAHHAHH Me: what are you laughing at mom: that lences plate has the number 69 on it Me : HAHAHAHAHHAHA OOPS I PEED A BIT
AUDITION: EpiPen Auto-Injector
no im pretty sure it's "color", I do not support any queens. My president is black, my lambo's blue.
didnt see your old tweet
u thank about it
Awesome Beef Barley soup at Waterfront Deli!
My self esteem is relying more and more on mentions and retweets. I hope my therapist knows what's trending with social media disorders.
that's also known as "Thursday in July," in Texas.
me and you both baby girl ;)
Anyone have experience running an #edcamp just for teachers in your own school? #edchat #ntamp I'm looking for tips! Tx!
Watchin' a horrible movie, but can't turn away...
": ": I wonder how Junes gonna be O_O"Fun cause I'll be out of school!! :) #Party" Go work at Hooters Jackie!!
Need Account Managers? Know what companies you'd like to see them out of? We can find EVERY SINGLE ONE of them!
I wish they would last longer!!! :)
FUCK YOU. I WILL GET YOU BACK!
Check out Stanley Turrentine Common Touch ...nice album
You haven't talked to in in weeks and all you can say is hey ? I'm over you
Good morning and Happy Yule!
It's time people recognize health care's real cost - #ForKenya RT : Fighting for #ACA isn't about politics. It is about people....
#sxsw Family of the Year easily one of the top three this week. What a great sound! Four singers, powerfully driven by a dynamo drummer.
I have no hw tonight but I can't even sleep -______________-
yes :P
hehe go for it.. sweep the board! :)
at the worship expo in florida. Surreal sometimes to think of where they're playing horn charts I wrote.
it feels so good to be back 'eminem voice' waduup Cuddy??
is frustrated
you don't exist anymore.. this has to be a fake mehreen account!
At Rose Garden today, 4:15 Indiana vs VCU, 6:30 Louisville vs New Mexico
Friday 2/3 : David Scheffer on his book All the Missing Souls: A Personal History of the #WarCrimes Tribunals - 11:30am in WB 104
its batshit crazy library customer night!
#neverfuller xoxo RT : Successful first BBQ of the season today. Thank you for your delish guac and burgers!
I, the Lord your God, hold your right hand & say to you, "Do nor fear, I will help you." -Isaiah 41:13
Sorry Jorge, you're a great Yankee, but you embarrassed yourself and the club tonight. Covering it up with an "injury" just makes it worse.
White chocolate mocha fixes everything, right?
i love u babe wait im single
oh, hmm. (who knows.)
Love Rondo , but it's a team game ,and that move hurt his team.He has to grow up and be a leader.
It is official. My job has made me stupid.
“: I did it - I passed my #CrossFit L1 Cert!! I am so happy!! :) #happygirl” congrats, now shape some lives!
Happy Hour was awesome tonight. Lovin it!
he's the Best Eva!!!
is your brother okay?
that would still be paying time, did not develop at college to handle comp??
#LetsBeBlunt I want to help all my fellow followers who are in foreclosure, don't be shy we can help!
Wow, lots of blog spam about the Zune. What's up with that?
Where is the best place to find local events happening near you?... bueller
Thank you so much, it means a lot to us!
Stop the filibuster!
My auntie just said I do it for the ratchetts lmao
Which is what I was doing. The other ones here aside from the one safe one I was stealing from is they are low power and secured
They say that time changes things,but you actually have to change them yourself
Went to Victoria Secret just to accompany and I'm the one that comes out with things. I can't handle myself... #guilty <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Actually, it was a little different than that, but you know what I mean..
BREAKING NEWS: Ron Paul will drop out of the GOP race. Rumors of his support for Mitt Romney to be revealed later.
Dinosaurs, china rose tea, Coconut twix, hoboscopes, and teaching Nikki stuff and showing her how to twat
I'm not falling for that. 10 more pounds to go.
Going to be at AHA this week & want to talk abt Challenge Grants? Email to set up appt or stop by the NEH table.
Hey! RT : "I'm a movement by myself...But I'm a force when we're together"—FABOLOUS, featuring NE-YO, "Make Me Better"
such is life
hope this year when i go to france none of my relatives dies like last summer._.
scooping a guy because its socially unacceptable for them to scoop you back.
So I'm n harlem right. An my man jus got a ticket for spittin on da floor. Like 5 cop cars pulled up tho. Smh
I haven't decided yet, Ms. Barbara. *contemplating the benefits of Friday's*
on WCCO Radio we hear from owners of a Jewelry store burglarized this morning. They're now the fourth store in a series of burglaries.
Just watched the #1 college basketball team in the country!!! 37 straight at Rupp arena
Last chance to be cast in these NY shows: May 3rd JULIE MADISON from ABC "ONE TO LIVE" & MAY 7th KEVIN KUFFA "LAW & ORDER CI"
Newly Launched Model Trains Site Offers Guidance and Information for Enthusiasts
Warren Etheredge talks with Hanson Hosein about Conscious Consumerism now on The High Bar! Tune in!
Hey man, do you do album artwork? I am looking for someone to do a good artwork, let me know man, if not, I'm sorry lol thanks
hoping my ink cartridge doesn't run out before I print out all the auction stuff to go to our 1st meeting...
Rolling silverware for life
yep yep :) its so packed!!!
Got your holiday card in the mail! Miss you :)
Good morning twitter! Treating my grandma to lunch at olive garden today and it still won't say how much I appreciate her. Grrr. ;)
Coming to tomorrow? Keep an eye on our tweets for special deals and fair updates!
how wonderful would it be if we went old school for a day & people would actually call your house line & ask for you by name?
those are great, thanks. Have you ever contributed to the community side of things? If not, why not?
Best kinda coma! RT : twin anchors
If you're not ever going to text me back, I'll just wait for you to text me first...
Loving how the #NUGGETS are more like a team since that ball hog #Mello is gone
Fit Tips: moderate exercise can reduce the risk of Mental impairment in middle age by 39%
Hope not, but honest is most important. :) Thanks, btw!
Afternoon beautiful people....
blog post drafted! Unwilling to publish without trusted feedback first though. Thank you, good night.
I didn't, sorry if it was similar :/
#TheVoice band is incredible.
I know right but this time it is like fosho fosho. You will know soon enough.
Ending the long hair experiment. It was miserable yesterday with long hair in 100 degree weather.
We'd love to help in any way we can. I'll DM you my email address.
if she doesn't have time for it, why is she even talking about it? Cute attempt.
yes what
At home. Watching shallow Hal(:
If 's horoscope is remotely correct, then tomorrow nights gonna be a
send them pics.
Only one night in Chicago and I got to spend it with some Giordanos pizza, Goose Island beer and an old friend. Thanks, chi-town!
lol illuminati. You still believe in santa and the tooth fairy too :P
Love is a powerful brother, hatred. Try not to offend the first because the other can kill you.
Something like this just don't exist, between a backwoods boy and a fairy tale princess.
I wouldbe probably piss myelf if followed me or something!
All the free gourmet food and booze I want... And I'm eating gourmet Mac n cheese and drinking Shirley temples haha.
be brainwashed and get hot with an amazing eargasm!!!
I'm wondering about 's choice to have conservative guests for sake of debate when we look to it as progressive space...
when are you and jesica gonna show me your cat daddy
RT : George Bush's endorsement will really help Mitt Romney nab the 'enjoyed-having-a-terrible-president' demographic
hi Sarah, saw vid and looked great to me, Audio was fine, Not sure what people are talking about? It's typical Boston weather.
There was a time when this world that we live in and the principles that we believe in were misunderstood and nothing but a figment of our
Good morning, how is everyone doing?
Vacation starts June 1st and I need some vacation ideas for Midwest. Don't wanna go further than 8 hours out of Chicago.
You know what today needs? Today needs the new Lauren Willig book, so it better be at the 5th Ave. B&N when I get there tonight.
Chad Wick has really demonstrated great servant leadership we should all be thankful for.
I don't fuck with that boyband in Miami. I am a Heat Hater... ccchhhhhheeeeeating asses
now why the hell would I wanna do that? Lol
Hanging with at #aasl11 to hear about Suoer 3.
#mobilityshifts critique, create, connect are the activities, especially tools, to transform education Shifting the University panel.
Supposed to do 1 problem for precal homework, but yet I still don't care enough to do it
I MISS U
bringing the iPod is a given -and, it turns out, a good laptop substitute!
thanks for the RT!
Tonight on I REMEMBER, famous glaciologist #WilliamOsgoodField went to the Caucasus in ‘29 and his photos are now at :30 on MPTV 10.
Few things are more beautiful than every time Ron Perlman speaks.
you guys are sick if you are ever in Colorado let's play a show together!
<--- love the picture ... Very old school!!!!
exactly. :) how are you?
Call or visit Gemini for our Black Friday deals! 412-243-5201
Marketers need to be at the nexus of analytics and creativity.
RT that was a classic Patriots drive. shit, AND they get the ball back first in the 2nd half. smh
And on day 3 he said: negotiate me a contract.
RT : Get #IntelIT Senior Integration ERP Architect Gerry Seaman's white paper "Migrating Mission Critical to IA"...
TLC is the best female group ever. HANDS DOWN!!!!!!!
haha yep, she was born Wednesday!
Iz that walking around in a black hoodie and white socks??? #UniversityofCinncinati happy uRe here. #CartoonsandCereal plz
as a zombie... do you feel some of the people you eat are too carby? :x
I hate when people take forever to text back "Ok" or "Idk." Pretty damn sure I deserve more than that. -.-
Miss Swan... Enough said <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
Almost time for the Gators to remember who runs the SEC...GO VOLS GO!
Laughing hysterically at gender jokes. The students are getting the idea that it is ok to laugh too.
No more camouflage I wanna be exposed but not afraid to fall
My idea of a marathon: three movies back to back.
congrats, my man!!!!
i am on post limit & its only 1 . wow is that a new record or something ?
Gotta love sending me constant updates, videos and photos from Opening Night!
Attention hot single dads: If you're looking for a smart, sexy and strong woman, hit up Don't be a douche!
follow me plz
Crank yankers, can always make me laugh.
“: People just be mad gritty tho...” <U+E41D>
Just heard Top of the World by made my day at work so much better
Thank you for everything yesterday! Your event staff members are superb! Look forward to seeing you all again.
RT : Dirk on Game 4: "It's basically a must-win situation."
Hope you can stop by tomorrow! :)
RSVP: S Pictures/Crystal Lake
THE EDGE OF GLORY. Yes.
We are thinking of cruising to Alaska for our honeymoon!!! Anyone every been?
Welcome to the circus , I hope you enjoy the show! : ) I truly appreciate your support!
Aw my word!!!! Cuteness overload! <3
Finally found my coffee replacement...black tea with natural sugar and lemon. Still has a lot of caffeine tho...
ur so lucky!!! and i hope u had fun at the afterparty!
Oh how I wish I could go to Austin's concert.<3 Tell him to come to Minensota. He's got a lot of mahomies here.
Good to hear!
Thank GOD for padded bike seats. I don't like it when it hurts down there.....No sir.
Join our mailing list and get 20% off your next order!
Chillin' at Broadbent arena waiting on Matthew West, Royal Taylor, and Casting Crowns!
Holla at me, the one and only catman checking in, lol
I Wanna Go See "Think Like A Man" Again , That Movie Was Too Funny :)) <3
that's sucks u on lock. Wait what u mean on lock. Lol
Whats up? Happy Sunday :-)
his flow is sick in that one. Here's a thesis for them niggas with the pieces like recess. Haha.
I just want you that's it. All your flaws, mistakes, smiles, giggles, jokes, sarcasm. Everything. I just want you.
NICE!!!! I'm playin Excursions by ATCQ
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I'm afraid of widths. ~ Steven Wright
Bout to register to take my SAT in may
a Leo women love to show off their many talents
Izabella , One Of Our Senior Company Girlz Is Makin Twiiter(:
Take No Chances
What do u think of this Joe? has 2 be in there is athletic Gaby to LF LoMo to 1B? Hes played corners
don't you have some fun techie pre opening night things to be doing?
It wasn't school John disliked, it was just the principal of it.
FYI your credit score is very important
#OhMyGoodness Jesse u look SO SO #damn #sexy in this pic! Like, seriously, u look fuckn good man!!!! :]
Wonderful to hear! Let us know how/if we can continue to be a resource for you.
Who wants a mustache ride.....
aww used to do that
remember that time burnett tried to bunt and broke his face
"Yeah im choose , yeah im choose , that girl choose me , here we go" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>---->> lol love that line for some reason ! Gets me hype
#CocktailCulture was super fun! Was great to see some of our President's Circle supporters enjoying this fab exhibit!
haha, yea. It's ok, my friday night is that + writing code + watching my foot bleed.
Thanks, Trav. I think it will be a good trip. Jason's coming along, and he loves Idaho. :)
Who else only buys tires from Les Schwab?
“: Vigo the Carpathion from the 1590's and Michael Bolton from 1980's look way to similar to not be related.” GBII mentions=Gold!
I like this as a good general attitude about life RT I would follow me on twitter.
Morgan ..why is your about me only say "my crib(;" ? Haha
Miyamoto is growing! We are currently looking for a structural engineer with a masters degree and 8+ years experience to work in our LA off…
baseball is...having your dad pick you up from school to go watch the game.
In math...ugh.
Blaming it on Halloween. :)
ya probably...its never an improvement on my attitude when I come here. Haha, when will the pros beat the cons, when?!
damn it feels good to be a gangstaaaaaaa
when someone says I ship, Larry , or ziam , what does it mean?
RT All I know is this- if we head to overtime, it's going to take Ed Hochuli 90 minutes to explain the OT rules...dude is jackd
any clue what time that game will be played?
If you are human...you could be wrong...some of us concoct all kinds of delusions to keep from coming face to face with that reality...
Thanks for the follow Jane! Catch our Plush show on March 22!
#kids Little Lambs Story Time at North Hills Alliance Church, Tue, May 15 10:30a: Little Lambs Story Time is a program of songs, rhymes,...
Obesity, Prevention, and Health Care Costs - Brookings Institution
Yeah I'm not doing this worksheet
Who is your pick for today's race? I am going with Dale jr!
shower curtains bath mats rugs
Poor Leaf wearing the Cone of Shame. Hope he feels better soon.
lets get together soon and shoot
Thanks for the FB add. Please check out the RockerFoxMC page on FB. It's a page for women riders. Have a great day!
new favorite song ~ pumped up kicks <3
Unless they're multiplying life lol
Backwards Day
Our band is fucking falling apart. Me & Andrew keep fighting about dumb shit. I'm about ready to get new members for the band.- Tori
Can't wait to read 's sketches. AFTER I DOWNLOAD CELTEX!!!! pdf's are clearly too complicated.
To create art about life, we need to first live it.
Why would you ever be self conscious about having awesome shirts?! That's just silly.
i like red!!
Jets are a 3 point vegas underdog vs. Colts
thank you
Cool! Nice to mt u! RT Hey , meet She was in Peace Corps, met her husband there & owns a plot of land in...
Gmail is home, but I also have about 7 tabs open at any given time!
Lard might be alright in moderation- I just would not eat a lot of it
3 months ago when I talked with friends about voting for Fletcher, everyone said there was no way he'd win. Now...it's a real possibility!
RT : Eat Well DC is donating 10% of their dinner proceeds to SOME. Visit Commissary or The Heights tonight! cc:
I have some good instincts
Back to work. Testing my new Revit Plugin on coworkers computer. Hello World!
#FF to our new followers! Can't wait to tweet design with you!
so i mention to someone that I'm learning how to speak French, they say "awesome, they speak that in Italy right?"
Okay so I rush to get ready and my bus is 25 minutes late /: fml
no problem <U+2665>
me you in Lonnie
All we do is watch movies
Live demo? These dudes are brave.
Calling it. Worst slam dunk contest of all time. Howard? Blake? Man up for the fans!
Hm, do I watch Mega Piranha or a Classic Who episode?
explain why I can watch Ohio high school fball and seton hall bball in HD but UK basketball isn't shown in HD on FSSouth?
WEDNESDAY: #closeGITMO to SHUT DOWN #Guantanamo #Bagram & #Afghanistan #detention sites
“: The way Mahomies say Austin 'changed their life.' Excuse me, but what has he done other than singing?” everything.
RT If you want to leave a footprint, don’t drag your feet,..
again I gotta give u props for that remix
whose in for a bit of sun, fresh air and Spanish flair? RT: : Heading over to 20th and L street tomorrow!
If was president, straight marriage would be outlawed.
Have u guys seem Lark Voorhies (Lisa Turtle from Saved by the Bell), she looks way different <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
RT : Now we're at the press conference on the hill!
stay up Cain
Bout to go fishing alone
birds of a feather..
#c4l12 Stagnation (far) more evil than taking reasoned risks...a bias toward action.
Thursday - 4pm - hope you'll be watching.
Just inhaled a burrito bowl. In public.
"We Jam Econo" is on Netflix. I highly recommend it if you care about the Minutemen.
(c) Also, he has Mahomies out here who are dying to meet him!!! Its a dream for me to meet him! Please!
I'm having a hard time "re-posting" all my blogs & well, my ENTIRE website since it was completely all lost. Just feels crappy.. :(
i was cashing a trump check donald trump lmaooo love u i am very Rich Bitch
On the way to South Carolina! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+270C>
If you need a Temp Producer, go to www.OregonTVfilm.Org. We have good handwriting for cue cards too! But we don't do Bird tricks
"I think my mind blown, I barely feel my feet...I'ma hold my head high even in defeat..."
haha hope ur well! let's connect on phone soon
Getting off work early? Join us for happy hour!! Going on now & featuring $2.50 Longnecks, $3 drafts/wells & tons of food $3-5!
Why Less is More: Reducing paper in your Law Office means only authorized people can access a digital doc. Less Paper = More Security
: the old one stills comes up
I'd be happy to fling a poopy diaper at the offender
Oomf need to txt me
Please Enter your labels to New Label Contest coming for Please share with friends!
Apple University is bringing in to speak, I highly recommend going if you can
Public Market opens at 10am? How does something that calls itself a market open at 10?
its true and you'll be in trouble. I can't believe its already 8
I'm not sayin Lebron isn't good but he's def not the best. Everyone on his dick acting like he's the best thing since forever
Beautiful voices!
Actually this show sucks
Omg! I didn't realize you were a singer! I checked out ur y,t, videos. LOVE the fishing song! btw... i dont like to touch worms
#kids LEGO Robotics & SOCCER! at Pine Richland Youth Center, Sat, May 12 7:00p: Does your child love LEGO bricks? Soccer too? Join us...
Down south we go. That's not meant to be dirty
my new follower is from Belgrade (thx ). Perfect example that #socialmedia about shared passions w/ no limitation of distance.
come on wit it....
LOOKING FOR SOMEONE TO... design an all html5 e-commerce site for me full of threejs effects and put it on Shopify... for a modest budget?
love ya khlo how do i get a tweet from you??? you are my inspiration id love to hear from you!
Everyone please have a happy and SAFE Memorial Day!
On the weekend, I miss a lot of awesome shit, bc I'm too exhausted from all the awesome shit I do during the week.
Sam---I think you're putting energy into something that isn't real. But think what you will.
*Turns to * and say I am not a hater
it was good :) , for you?
it's cum
the black ones cooler but there both beautiful!!!<3:)LOVES YA JUSTIN
I still aint graduate yet. "She wanna hit me on tha iChat, toss her up, then I stuff it where her draws at" ~Bawse
why did so many unknown numbers text me Happy Mother's Day?? I'm not a mommy!!
Grand Slam Pedey, Please!
dramatress ---> skyerobhill. Because sometimes I forget my own name.
If they don't matter, why get mad? RT ": I get so irritated & annoyed about BULLSHIT and people who DONT fucking matter to me ."
I love your new twitcon :)
It's such a nice day, I woke up, went for food, and went back to bed. I'll let everyone else soak up the sun. :P /nightowl
#NP We Belong Together - Mariah Carey
Lol! RT : Now that the #Blackhawks season is over I can start paying attention to the 2013
hey why not?
I spent some time with my kids today in the incestuous swamp known as Roosevelt Park.
Hey Matt Cavanaugh you may want to have a brain scan if you truly believe Tim Tebow has good mechanics
I Excel in da Swag dept
Well done!
RT ": I need a best frand."
cool ! Seems like a fun job!
AS FAR AS WHAT COMMENT LOL
alcoholic I assume. I made one up earlier this year. Pistachio Liquor, Bailey's Irish Cream, frozen bananas, ice
oh dude I'm sorry for whoever this is for, you seem cool
I've just been convinced to both get a dog and start taking LSD.
NBA: Magic exec: Howard, Van Gundy can co-exist Orlando Magic senior vice president Pat Williams would like to see star center Dwight Ho
Saw #Artexpo, #TheUngovernables at #NewMuseum, #CindySherman and #Sanja at the #MOMA. What a great trip to #NY! Exhausted...
Just asked a CPD how to spell Daley Plaza. He was cool about it.
TCGD... bids building... WILL go much much higher. Look at L2!!! Insane how high this will go... SLAP THE ASK!!!
my summertime love. <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
There's no one right way to grieve.
This Friday is gonna be bananas!!! #lux0511 is almost here hosting by Me and live performances by and Armstrong
waaaite, your not following me. Lol
Not if a hungry Panther gets to it first.
Yay!!! gets a fantastic new receiver in Justin Blackmon!!!!
can you hang
If Your A Girl And #YouWannaImPressMe kill me once in Call Of Duty
love/hate relationship, YEYE! BIEBER GOT SWAG..
bro yes I am. And I'm beastin foo!
Peace is the deliberate adjustment of my life to the will of God.
A new Java exploit has been released. Update your #java now!
NEED A DJ FOR YOUR QUINCE OR SWEET 16!! CALL OMEGA PRODUCTIONS AT 2102624503 WE ARE SAN ANTONIOS NUMBER 1 DJ COMPANY!
Signed up @ Garfield Park Cons. 'cause CHC didn't have March dates open yesterday. Could get a refund. Should I/Is one better?
Wdf dese niggas is throwing snowballs on the bus!
And now he just said lebron gonna lock up k.d, lmao wat!!!!!!!
wow that's awesome. I'm not sure what that is, but if ur excited then I'm excited with u. :-)
What's the 9 foot power cord for??
Happy Mother's Day to all the women that aren't nearly as awesome as my mom
sup bro..
I just died from happiness :) ICONic Boyz on ABDC dancing with 8 Flavhaz
ok well ill be there at some point so yeah lol
WOW! Thanks for all the DWD tips :)
Last test of the year lets go Erik you can do it!!
bout to go walk my bitches.
Can't believe spring soccer practice for my daughter starts tomorrow!
We agree! :) RT the best way to start a day is to get up and get active! Doing Fit is the way to go! Yay TWYLS Brooklyn!
Just bought an adorable stripped summer dress at Francesca's...20$ halsted and armitage. LOVE it!
Follow and RT this msg to be entered to #Win an AmEx Gift card. Winners contacted bi-weekly by direct msg! Follow & RT RT RT
No matter how manly my voice is, I still sound like a faggot ordering a smoothie.
I hate insecure girlss .
Tomorrow's the day! Extended hours and DOUBLE REBATES on qualifying Step Up to instruments. For details: 1.800.382.1099.
Thanks. Like JB, this time I'll get to the National Railway Museum in York, not just the Minster, lovely though it is.
don't scare me like that:))) I love you! Thank you!
RT : Whosits and whatsits [hooz-its and wuh’ts-its] n. - Unidentifiable objects found under the sea. See also: Gadgets and gizmos.
Ready for ... Love Mondays
RT : Had great reputation design sessions at workshop w/ & others. Now headed to Denver
Greetings #Maddow fans!
HAHAHAHA that's hilarious! I love it!
that's exactly it haha!
how you doiaaa? (Wendy voice) imu ;-)
what's the move
I new it had to have been something of that nature, but hoping it wasn't. We send our love and prayers 4 her. Have a safe trip.Xo
either of you watching state of play on bbcA? 6 part journalism/politics thriller with harold saxon!
Finally in bed. And... goodnight. <U+270C>
Like the 'gem' analogy. Thx for the shout-out.
awww enjoy Nashville! it's been beautiful out lately, please enjoy the city while you're here!! :-)
It's my 235th birthday tomorrow. I was 37 when I sewed the Star-Spangled Banner. Any guesses as to how I would have celebrated in 1813?
it's charlie! He's real!
strikes again
Yes in sure time!! ": we shall come up with somethin!!!"
I really wish I had some converse
I want school to be over already! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
My son wants Madden 12 for the Wii, think they have the turning off the lights option for the 9ers?
night Rigger
It's all in your mind punk so keep your head tight (luda voice)
Love this quote!
Most girls on Facebook have more problems than a math text book.
Lets go smackdown
Steve Carell's last episode on The Office is such a tear jerker.
"The journey of a thousand miles Begins with a single hop." zen Bun wisdom
I have a cousin who was a police officer there - he could probably beat those haha!
shame on u hah!
Good Night (:
in, hip-hop is like a WWE Tag Team Wrestling matchplease retweet
I used to really enjoy reading your tweets, but you've blocked my other account - (I only use that account) ;(
/// Check your email my dude.
Taco Tuesday without me is just Tuesday with some tacos.
RT : #PennAW don't forget to stop by the Bookstore this weekend, and check-in! 4square special will get you a free tote bag.
FB made it easy for us 2 stay in touch while keeping a distance, So we just stayed distant & never touched. Now all we do is poke too much
Taking an hour+ to drink your coffee on the couch might be one of the best little moments of vacation.
Hey, are you open to working with agencies for these roles?
DEA apologizes to college student left in cell
I gues that's my key to leave
Give me a sign
John Legend 'Heaven Only Knows'
Getting out of Chipley this weekend may be exactly what I need.
There was never a genius without a tincture of madness. — Aristotle rt
Join SECO and Bomshell Saturday night at the Marriott Marquis!
Not so sure about Miguel's relationship status. We'll ask him & see if it's ok to tell people over twitter...he's kinda shy
“: How did I manage to gain followers today?! You read the bullshit I've been tweeting!?” cuz ur hott ;)
Sometimes the hardest thing for a musician to do is lay back.
you have 12 followers
We will look into the problem, Thanks for the notice!
Any idea how many protesters are getting arrested?
Craving sushi <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
that's awesome!
Wow that sounds awful (The milk part. The vodka looks amazing)
Fuh. I am exhausted.
I need to stop being so pessimistic, but people just keep reinforcing it.
Not yet, but hopefully soon!
Good movie. Definitely a classic.
Thanks for the laugh. :-)
Been doin dis for a while so u cant say im new 2 dis im proving shit stay updated like news bulletins...
I love you!!! thanks. I miss you too!
Renault Duster launched with amazing offer - Oman Daily Observer
What should I youtube?
We finally got some iPads for our company, me included. Developing for tablet display is exciting for us, the user experience is brilliant.
Most people struggle with life balance simply because they haven't paid the price to ascertain what is really important to them.
I'm glad you experienced it! So yummy!!!! :D
No chance LSU looses at home.
Money makin mission.
#mycrazyobsession when someone says a phrase and it reminds me of a song :)
That's what impressed me the most. The movie had a lot to going on yet it felt both big and small at times. Masterful.
Go Cats!!! RT : Chris Carter just hit his third homer of the day. It is the sixth inning. #roadsweetroad. Cats lead 9-3
Just finished #turbofire & after a year it is STILL hard !!
We are excited for today's staff lunch at !
Thanks for the love fam
Taking myself on a dinner and a movie date. I think people in general get scared of a little alone time but I really like it.
Two best things to be called by someone with an English accent after doing a trick for them: "Conjuror" & "Cheeky F@$&."
The 3400+ kids are gone, #muwbb got the W, and my ears are still ringing...another successful MPS day game in the books.
People still say "Yo."
My grandma just said is "very good looking"
did u know an earthquake on december 16,1811 caused parts of the Mississippi river to flow backwards!
Ah, local SEO, how I hate thee! Thank goodness for Whitespark (citation tool) and Everclear (the band, not the booze) :)
Need a new spot to eat at in Atl who know some good spots?
Proposed Midtown Budget for FY2013 is now on our website.
so I'm on my phone and it tells me that is not following me? WHAT THE?!?!
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work. -Emile Zola
Auditioned for East Highs Womens Choir(: I think I nailed it(: now to wait till she posts the results after Spring Break!
Raise the...white flag? RT : James McDonald in the on-deck circle if Alvarez gets on.
u inspire me to do music..nd i hope one day i would be as successful as u r today
I'll say it right now: if the #BourneLegacy teaser trailer doesn't win at Awards this year, I'm pulling a Kanye on stage.
I really need a new avi or twit pic, whatever you call it.
Dreams don't come true unless you continue to grind & make them happen.
Hello Tweeter, thank you for the follow. I look forward to learning many things from you in the venue of whatever thanks again.
Church in the a.m. giving thanks for HIS blessings. Jazz rehearsal then an r&b hit Center in the evening.
But it's 6 games...
hahaha so true!
Seals & Crofts - We May Never Pass This Way (Again) - 05:41 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Correction on the hashtag RT : We do all of this at Georgia Tech
"why do you like licking buttholes?" "because it's the prettiest star you'll ever see!"
yea man me either I was skeptical of suits everyday but I'm into it now.
ACTOR friends: CASTING an 18+ TPY male actor who's got great skills & can play a creepy kid in my web series. Send them my way! Thanks!
Though now I totally want to go to Montfair and Misty Mountain.
is Playing the Stork Club in Oakland - Thurs, Apr 2nd
Boko Haram causing chaos in #Nigeria. 'May split the country', according to John Campbell of Council on Foreign Relations
uh oh..... shits about to go down in 2012, you will see a lot more of and I
this summer :)
follow back?
My dad literally overreacts for everything and then he always takes everything away. Thus again shows why i dont like him at all.
RT: just drop the damn video you vagine
i'll be here for a bit
Please follow me I will do anything!
SMILE TODAY: D that tomorrow you may be missing a tooth ...
No worries. Have a good time! Hope to catch up soon.
u never fail at this.again i love it girl!
Anyone know the civil war guy from American Idol last night? I'm dying to know more about him and his "non-hippie" dad. They're special.
You're really sweet.....that is all.
This crowd sucks! make some fucking NOISE!!
RT : 50% of companies to use social media recruiting the next 12-18 months primarily to identify new talent pools....
"Ham" is coined from an expression used to describe early radio users who sent Morse code (i.e. pounded their fists). GOING #HAM !
would like to wish you a happy birthday!
6th time this year can't refill a prescription properly w/out several phone calls.Been on hold 3 times for over 13 mins ea.
Psyched for our return to dance on nov 5! Discount tix on sale now thru janefranklin...
Staying in so I can write usually just means falling asleep with my clothes and lights on
missed you more!!
thanks . . . You're welcome
Eating #Sonic and reading #AGameOfThrones. Between that and being relatively handsome and healthy, life is good!
I will also accept Happy Obama-endorsed-same-sex-marriage Day if you don't celebrate birthdays.
Which HR applications does your company use? Does it currently meet the needs of ALL your stakeholders?
First nights sleep in weeks with no stressful dreams. Feeling like a human. Looking forward to socializing tonight. Sounding like a robot.
No problem man. That joint went hard Fam. did his thing as usual.
Wondering if all Mac & iPhone users & such were like us today - nodding in homage to the passing of Steve Jobs each time we hit the keys
Cant sleep knowing its a great big world out there !
"#Art is the only truth" please include
you shouldn't drink Resin. It gums the plumbing up.
Jn 16:13 However, when the Spirit of truth comes he will lead you to the complete truth
You'll love it. Trust me. Trying to see if I can swing another show in the Meadowlands in Sept.
Time for my hard work and years of mixing to pay off. Sending my media kit out to the record lable execs.
They can sit at the end of "It's a Small World!"
Clue: if you're trying to get a show at Red Space you'd better not make that face when I ask if your series on geniuses includes any women.
I rent cars through Zipcar for work and they all have people names like "Bill" or "John". I just rented "Shaniqua".
justin FOLLOW ME and please come to BUlgaria :)
More collaborating with we might as well change the name of our address to 300 French Street, Jaunt Land, NJ
We're so happy you've joined us to kick off spring break! Have a wonderful time!
I'm by now. What about you?
im on day ten of my cold. Sudafed the last two days has helped
Hm! Not sure. Have been swamped with work today so haven't had a chance to read my newsfeeds.
I aim to please!
Yep. That terrible eyesight seemed to work in 08. RT : What Nate needs is reverse LASIK. That's what messed him up.
What kind of Camera did you shoot that video with?
Use people's first names- it'll make them feel better!
How is your rainy Monday so far? Let us know how the commute was after the long weekend
The new chipoltle chicken & cheese sandwhich from subways is delish! Makes you wana rub one off to enhance the pleasure.. Go try it now!
Groundhog won't come out. That means six more weeks of Occupy.
doing well! I saw you were following me so I returned the favor. Hope you are doing well to!
you are so welcome!!
Thank you Father for all your strength and Blessings!
A giant thank you to all our students who are sharing their #MyHostFamilyIsAmazingBecause stories. We love them! Keep 'em coming!
We are in the theatre now, but have we mentioned how much we LOVED rehearsing at ?! Great spaces, great staff - check 'em out!
So you want us to kill the Chinese?
"I just spelled humanities, humanitities..." hahaha
Walkin into my exam fresha than a mofucka. Last two today then summer!!
I luv dat song...i bet yhu can do the dance she does....OF COURSE yhur an amazing dancer :)
I wish I could be but I live in Oklahoma! Will be seeing it here soon tho !
I know its all about $$, pleasing the party and keeping corps in America but there has got to be ONE PERSON who wants to do the right thing?
insert "please" & exclude "f"
so the hot, terrible chick (Marnie) from 'Girls' is Brian Williams of NBC Nightly News' daughter. This has probably been discussed already.
Well it's a big fluffy spot to sit.
Most people submit Word files; have developed a lot of macros that do the markup 90% (place, person, school names = done individually)
Congrats ladies! RT : Congrats to Jenna LoVasco and Monica Cassola for being selected as Salem News all-stars.
Tired, just want my bed and a cup of tea <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Sad I won't get to see you on the concourse. Good Luck tomorrow :)
dang i love how people just wish u wasent smexy as hell (tweekerz) like real talk stop fuckin tweekin my fuckin life like..
Done! RT : Hi Erika. Our apologies. Please email with your Trip ID. Thank you.
Re. systems: We don't have to stick w/ something just bc it's always been there.
Making Shrimp and orzo dish with basil and grape tomatoes. And... I'm gonna do my first Bikram double tonight. Two classes, one day.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. Bo Jackson
<3 you! Thank you for all your support and positivity. It's really helped to keep me focused!
I didn't say I didn't like it. Just a lil reach. He would be there at 37. Cleveland really needs playmakers but I'm good
Living next to the baseball diamonds is kinda cool.. but not when I'm trying to sleep in
"It has transformed American politics." -- Jonathan Alter, Newsweek
misconception: Alcohol helps u #sleep. Reaching for cherry juice is a much better choice. Let's be real, #wine is more fun in a hot jacuzzi!
Happy mothers day to all moms :))
New memories coming your way!!
Not sure you can say "opposite" if it's att 10% more support among Whites thn Blacks. Might call that "slightly more" not "opposite."
RT : My Asian friend failed his math test.
The creepiest commercials come on... on Pandora. :(
reff at volleyball so looked like will ferrel! even had a picture of himself in the #buddytheeelf costume! bahah
I am sure of one thing- their agent will advise them to buy both to get a 15% discount regardless if they need either.
Wow, wifi and programs at MCP + means I won't fall asleep after all. Like a bad high-schooler at
So glad you liked it! Thanks for braving the weather and joining us.
It's bigger, it's better and it's prettier. Really it's just a big iPhone, but I love it. I have Draw Something, Netflix...
ESP vintage serious
So double issue day IS THE BEST DAY
he should say an educated populace helps create jobs.
- "We three temps of Travail are, finding work we travel so far, field and fountain, moor and mountain, following TRAVAIL star.".
I used to hit my mom, not proud of it just truth of struggles to self regulate emotions.
I wrote my first short story in her 4th grade class.
Stay tuned...for many surprises shall be revealed in the near future!
Blue Revolution
Rebalancing the interactivity in "Fieldwork" so that the software is more focussed and patient. Now the guitarist needs a similar upgrade.
One Direction "* YUMMY " ;)
and a bit blonde. I had this idea to do information for blondes on YouTube...wonder if anyone's done it? it would be purty funny
When the user clicks the Like button
-- can't get my bill straight since June, since plan change, even though every months supports swears it is fixed.
i um love u
An old wushu classmate did motion capture for Star Wars Kinect. She is the master light saber trainer.
Also MI 4 was absolutely excellent
The contrast created by a variety of #plants will add throughout your #yard & help you create a breathtaking landscape
#FIFY MT : What's silly is Dempster has 36 K's/35 inn with ERA of 1.02 and his record is [why wins are dumb]
Had a superb evening with the lovely !
“: I'm determined for a birthday retweet!” happy birthday!
finally finished my hair
Just tapped Mac and Jack African Amber.
thanks u should join our team
I live in LV. Let me know how I can help!
I know. If I'm hungry later, I'll just squeeze the beard.
hahha...nice..where?....this starts *the tour* (as in yours), huh?
I caught up with most of Grimm already. Can't wait!
is a legend. and i dont care what she has to say about it!
Glad to hear you are in good shape as . Just read Stephen's blog post that is good too.
Much love to the homies and for kicking off Punk'd tonight! Congrats on some funny ish!
you're welcome
I have a stupid canker soar on my tounge and it hurts reay bad :/
a state cop goes to my church and told us
I dont understand hashtags. #confused lololololol see what i did there?
#488 Your icon is really pretty and I love your bio:)
drank up all the whiskey. partied every night .
We're he man woman haters... We can't deliver no love notes <3 the little rascals !
I live here. there is some beauty to be found but you do have to go looking for it.
THAT sounds like code
Is #google down right now? I seem to be able to access everything but G at the moment....
ok, that was a good one
. thank you beautiful<3 you're such a sweetheart :)
Which means that they have more than twice the avg. of the harder sp ed cases.
I'm not your servant I will fetch myself a beer and you can watch me drink it.
I am addicted to On my iPad
Why am I always wearing a dark shirt when working with flour? Guess I need to learn how to wear an apron. ;)
You talk to him thinking that all your problems will go away and he will make you feel better...NO! He makes you feel so small.
you can imagine all you want, you still need access. you need opportunity. the same as others
Thanks Tricia, same goes to my favorite OK family
So true RT : What is the first thing you offer a digital native when they open an account? Checks?
#3 reason to be at #partyrock Wednesday: you and all your FIRST TIME FRIENDS will enjoy the VIP lounge with Free In-N-Out!
free throws for the rest of the game
Has anyone used classdojo.com? Is it worth the trouble?
Knock knock? "who`s there?" kiss. "kiss who?" kiss me
cant stand bitches who whore to get what they need bitch get a job a real one!!
and you followed me first so apparently you cared what I had to say. lmao. dumb ass talkin stuff to a 16 year old..ha get a life
what are some of the bands favorite praise and worship songs?
Movie night with my sis and ellie! Yeah buddy! I love you guys! :)
Interviews are going well, looking for an artisan pie baker... Line cooks in the next few weeks, will keep posted
Something I learned recently: getting connected is great, but focus on being a connector of others too!
Not if you only know . Also, the flights to and from are double.
I dunno the next part...
HIGH FIVE
I still only eat dinosaur oatmeal...
I rode a horse today
M I like
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." -John D. Rockefeller
My big issue was that they kept asking him why he would lie. I was like look at him! Big black guy. He's assumed guilt.
I had a wierd dream that the #royals traded Hosmer for James Shields.
Watching The Great Khali wrestle is like watching a flower bloom in real time. A big, awkward-dancing, stiff-legged flower.
we are thinking maybe June.. A friend of ours invited us.. She lives in Dallas I have no idea where tho
Xavier Nady bomb? Say good night, Gracie.
I'll try not to embarrass myself by asking ridiculous questions about where gets his ideas. My own answer involves gulping.
oh I saw that when we drive by! Looked pretty nice!
lol i did i got u my bad
#YouGetPointsIf you approach me first
Give it up for 24's on a 70 chevy! Am I right?
it wasn't so bad. I enjoyed the audience (like Lombardi). Different for broadway :-) cc
NYC is a Ho for only having summer for 3 months <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
I dig
hi! Follow me here at much more active on that one now.
Calm that shit down
golden compass - 1 bk of a trilogy I reread every few yrs; kicks me in the gut every time. did steampunk before it got cool.
That sucks!! We tried to get a 4 person suite in Patchin Jones but it was full, and we got to pick the first day! So Bennett it is
you'll know if you get extremely sick like for two days & then nothing or if he
China=amazing!
Leaving Maine and had the luck of the Irish with me..Think I'll play the lottery for the hell of it Thank U Nana Sullivan, how I miss u so.
Want is to cover your event? Email
It sure is. We're in basement!
I need some new shoes
Good Morning Dan, thanks for the follow ;-)
Very West Wing S7 RT 1 billion people living in rural areas in developing countries don't have access to reliable roads
Need to charge this phone of mine.
I don't get it why is Cody on crack? LoL weird question
thank you!
#ItsHardTo understand guys sometimes ....
I forget I have non Adam Lambert fan followers. And I go on & on about him. Sorry folks, but he's got this amazing new album coming out...
This is so sad - she is such a strong, brave woman.
RT : Patients gaining access to their data is "one of the civil rights issues of our era." - Leslie Saxon,
Lingo the game show is coming back woo woo, that reminds me of Chuck Woolery and love connection YEAH he is the boom !!!!
If I had a daughter, she wouldn't look like #Julia...she'd be self-sufficient
5am. awake. on sunday. going to cook. for church!
I got my hopes up thinking that i would see the ,oh well they still looked god(:
Dear guys, being a dick isn't going to make yours bigger.
. Inside Facebook talk starts at 3 p.m.-- Ebling Symposium Center, Microbial Sciences
These little girl scouts are coming door to door now? I just bought 4 boxes from this little girl. Kill me now!
Hey ! Will you fly over to Cincinnati and go see Titanic 3D with me? It comes out on your sixteenth birthday!!! #ILoveTitanic<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
going to the library to be productive tonight so that I can watch the packer game tomorrow night.
Good morning everyone! Any spring high school coaches looking for a highly profitable fundraiser for their team??
Louisville loses at home on senior night. South Florida makes it to the dance, is Pitino to blame?
shoot us ideas!
I'm pretty sure I dreamed about eating at Denny's last night. Damn you Super Bowl ads.
No problem. I understand. I wish the HOF was on tonight.
But no free pass for "Party of No" leaders -- Reps Ryan, Boehner, Sen McConnell, etc.
hm. can't be more dangerous than exhaust-spewing buses? i might have a rose-colored outlook but to me they seem charming.
It's true about the abyss looking back into you. I know because I just spent the last hour looking at Who's Line Is It Anyway slash fanart.
I wish Chara would have shown Chimera how tough he is.
she's 12
What's Good
thanks 1luv, music for life!!
Happy mothers day to all the mothers who do ALL that they can for their children and put their children FIRST!
Congrats to the on their first win as a #MLS club. We are looking forward to many more!
Have Woody overnight it to you if you'll be in the same place for a few days.
Rent to Own the Hottest Electronics at the BEST prices at Buddy Rent to Own
Love in an elevator.
The beginning of this romantic scene reminded me of
Thx! The ? remains: will they be radical the in 18C sense of the word or in the 1980s sense of the word?
Bad bitch in her cha-chas , grabbing on her chi-chis
how many hearts do you need to have in your chest for you to come up with the right answer ?!
Damn... And you can't go be with her now? Grrr. I hate being so far. :,(
I feel naughty.
Thousands of wtf moments there. RT I don't understand shit on Saints Row 3
RT : #DontYouLove Meeting someone new and clicking instantly.
Por Favor Check You Dms? Meow.(:
Count me in if that means Long Island Iced Tea!
I'm chunky as hell smh I got a beer gut -___-
Whats up with the WASTE 23rd rumor? GMT.. EST ? 6am EST?
so ready
like Will Ferrel in Old School!
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your insight :)
iPhone temporarily solves the updated avatar issue until the weather cooperates so I can get the real camera set up and take a good shot
RT : Nonprofits don't have to ask for money if they have a great, positive story
That is an awesome idea. Inspiring a new blog post!
Obama on Leno tonight. Mistake or genius. Hm.
“: Howard and #magic should have a easy win tonight” Good call.
Hi, I am enjoying a great song "It Girl" from MP3 Music Download, an excellent tool worth a shot! You wont be disappointed after using it.
his lyrics is Wack!!
Congrats! I now got up soo.. :)
As always, thanks for the tweet!
#TNC10 National drug control 5 priorities: 1. National Prevention System. 2. Engage Primary Care. 3. Close Addiction Treatment Gap. ...
I know how boring some classes can be. Was up with the
big UPS to Gadget!
Thanks for the reminder. Looks like I'm open Thursday night. :-)
Erin has a few openings today; come make your Saturday smooth like honey! Give us a call: 415.658.5132
Looks like Rondo is getting a one game break. Good job Rondo. Gotta hold that temper.
I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now. #goodolddays (:
S/O FOR GETTIN ME OUT THE WAY
Phillip c Hoffman is here. Smugfaced.
You know it... the only way to get it all done ;)
Cool headshot. Who took it?
Milwaukee media saying differently Keith
Join us for a worthy charity event. Thursday October 20th 6 P.M. - 9 P.M. The Military Child Education Coalition cocktail reception.
Don't do it!!
Now booking patio parties for the 2011 season.To book call 857-488-5387, always voted one of Boston's Best waterfront restaurants and bars!
"The Muppets" Is a Marvelous Return to Form As Hollywood’s bottomless recycling bin continues along the dark path of rebooting, rel
ya im outta louisville, where we love them wildcats
Attendees please share your thoughts here about the
i love you.
Every time I leave a hotel room I get nervous I'm leaving something. Probably because I usually am.
Thank you!
And I'm only 21 I'm the shit look at me bish imma boss
Where Are You From?
Kenny Fuckin' G
Go #Badgers & #Marquette!!! Crossing my fingers for some Wisconsin wins.
My cousins don't love me anymore
Baby bok choy. My new favorite food. Cooked up in a little sesame oil and low sodium soy sauce with lots of garlic. Nom! <U+2764> my veggies!
thinking about Texas and what i left behind
ha. since you've seen us preach in the past, it doesn't apply :P
Per the norm, until he pissed off some Western white women, it didn't matter. That's the rule.
Feeling like a rebel(;
you can say the same about Shaq, and Kareem.
I did them myself(:
holy shit there's 6 other ones of them?
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar. ~ Raymond Linquist
Hotel California by the eagles is and always will be one of my favorite songs.
Sounds like a good idea. Report cards
Aerosmith said it right. "I don't wanna close my eyes. I don't wanna fall asleep cause I'll miss you babe... & I don't wanna miss a thing "
eats Chicago hot dogs with ketchup.
"Never be afraid to try something new, remember amateurs built the ark and professionals built the Titanic"...Benny Hill quote...
El debate continua.¿ #Hispano, #latino o que? ~ en mi opinion lo que cuenta es el caracter no la etiqueta
if melo can kobe can
just actually sent an email to a coworker asking, "Can I be a pirate?"
oh boy. I can't even comment on that one!
Soo last night Kanye West came and had dinner at the restaurant I bus at. I've never been more excited about cleaning up someone's leftovers
Bored at home. I seriously need to get a life.
And again
What doesn't kill you, fucks you up mentally.
My roommate cooks the best dinners
Glad you had fun at the show!!
Austen, how in the world did u remember me..if I remember correctly we met in phoenix...az, idsa conference...
Hmm, I might just have to go on a drunk hugging tour...
no, but I'm working on iy
Thanks for the mention
Great News! Starting January 2 we're adding 2 class times. M-F 8AM and M - Th 7PM.
You don't have to rub her lactose intolerance in my face!
Keller on the poetry of Evelyn Riley: thermoplastic must become a part of our understanding of the mesh, the world's manifold.
oh okay. Well we need you there bro lol
worst. have you tried acupuncture?
every day is mother's day. (okay, so I think he's bought that. Phew)
hope wrangler works well for you...let me know!
Thanks for coming to the panel + your kind words (late reading the #ffwgr feed-couldn't recall Twitter password #tiredbrain)
We're excited to announce that Geoff Notkin, the host of 's will be our guest speaker at #NMDD on 5/19!
All New #PaulyDProject tonight! so excited!!! :D
Gwyneth shouldn't wear black, and Macca shouldn't wear white.
come on people all i need is 6 more followers till i get to 200 followers so please follow
The Pirates! Band of Misfits is equal parts bawdy and adorable. It's bawdorable. I totally needed that pick-me-up today.
U must be a piece of ass if ur being followed by HOTTEST WOMEN!!!!!!
Connor doesn't like punk. Or ska. So basically, there is NO hope for our relationship.
I use the microwave and the fridge
Casting! Know anyone in a bad relationship? Is it time for a love intervention? Email your story:
start a game with me <333
I know it sounds yucky, but gargle with some apple cider vinegar and take a couple of swigs. Or, eat a salty lemon. Works 4 me
I'll give u a tour of miami!!!! Omgg I wish <3
My mom sent me The Wizard of Oz on VHS. She must know how much I like to party.
Could you do a mixed approach? Good microfilm is scanned, bad is rephotographed? Would time sorting cancel out $ savings?
Remember "Life is what you make it" -Nas
Its game time! Go Falcons!
Out nice & early its beautiful in
u a wresting fan too???
it's a new day and a brand new route. Happy Monday!! I just finished a 4.16 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
he is ready to prove to the world how talented he really is class of 2014 Jhedayah Juice Gibbs
I hate the taste in your mouth after you eat cheese.
Gluten-Free Muffins! Choose between Blueberry and Banana Almond.
hey how's it going?
#frozenstrawberrylemonade is a trend? lol okay..
So did you did you seriously unplug the phone? Lol
New #iPad arrived today. Took six minutes to set up transfer of iPad2 through the cloud. Can #Apple take over healthcare, highways, LIFE?
Shotgun Histology Adipose Tissue
I hope you slept well last night and are enjoying your stay!
still meaning to write a blog post about that debacle.
it's my birthday !
We haven't - great idea. Have a link to a full list of greek organizations?
I Can Live With That!
They don't show up with the classmates when you don't include the #EBUS118 hash
Digital literacy training such as "mousing" flash training useful for public libraries and more
I'm going to do a compilation project and showcase the talent that I'm fortunate to come across from other artists.
im full.
#ThingsNotTodoAfter Abreakup do not, repeat do not do the silent thingie the dumb broad does in that phone plan commercial!
Exactly. RT : Video is the most compelling content out there...so why do marketers think about it last?
#SSWine Fabulous times at the Sonoma Summit this week! Highlights: Iron Somm Challenge, Hirsch Pinots, top tier Zin flight
Getting some fabulous submissions for our summer issue! Thanks guys! :)
But yeah i have no idea how to help you choose where to go lol! I think you'll find the right place though
omg, I SAW THE BOYFRIEND VIDEO! <3
Partnered with Jessica Turral, another Fellow, to put in a garden with youth at the city Detention Center. Pics at baltimorecitysprouts.org.
Work is never done still up mixing this song
WHAT IS AIR!???? I JUST SAW THE #GIRLSTALKIN BOUT VIDEO!!!
- finah get log off n finish watchinq major panye wit my babye sister.....
thanks<3 but u & ukw were so so so so cute tonight! Like it was adorbs
Wired.com gave me goosebumps.
HMU IF YOU NEED TATS!! (:
It May Be that those who Do Most, Dream Most ~Stephen Leacock
Not even Drake? Cold
Hurray! RT: Finally seeing my best friend tonight!
haha well I'd like to think that but who knows.... its up to and Dan himself
If you say so Cam , the only thing good about a peanut is peanut butter lol
Oh my lord. No good.
if Austin comes back to Texas during the Summer , To hang out with the Crew.. I would track him down, & Meet him before he leaves again ! Js
#questionsthatanswerthemselves RT why does spotify screw me over whenever i want to listen to lady gaga
I'M TRYING TO WATCH #RHOA!!! Hubs is on iPad2, son is on iPad...there's a LOT going on!
awww that just made me smile so huge! miss you too let's do dinner next time you're in the city.
Bobbleheads and the darkside of baseball promos
did you do the homeworkk? i dont get how to do 4 and 5!
you are awesome
I <3 two-faced bitches! NOT.
who is mistreating you, im kevy king ill kick anyones ass for you. you okay?
Congratulations ! DM us with UR info & we'll send U UR FREE Mango Pineapple Smoothie!
WMYB & One Thing have been constantly playing on the radio a lot. Direction Infection has spread in the radio.
Democracy is neither invincible nor a destination ....
SAT word of the day: modicum (n.) a small amount of something
i love you too :)
aaawwww, look at that wittle cutesy face :-)
Sorry for the silence...thinking about how to create value for Austin via OpenAustin.org and how to provide affordable health care to Am ...
Anyone else ever look up suddenly and realize that every picture on the wall is tilted just slightly to the left? #isitjustme?
Wish you all these good things in the new year.
If you have balls hanging from your truck I will automatically assume you are a douche.
Off in search of a proper British breakfast then a walk along the south bank of the Thames with the Tate Modern as our destination.
It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
happy Sunday! I did!! Still celebrating my bday today!
Couldn't sleep & ordered 2 med pizzas+wings. Honestly, new garlic crust is badass. Great work focusing on quality & brand revival!
Yes, absolutely. Was going to contact you tomorrow. Just got out of a meeting w/a brewing client's money guy... lots to speak about.
How's everyone doing on this fine summer day?
Job Tip: Trade, No Pay, Testing, Interning, etc; whatever you call it; can become expensive. So make sure it is worth your time.
i wasted almost 5 years of my life on you. i will no longer cry for you.
And the rout is on!!!
Lmboo just got kicked out the studio by !! Hilarious!!!!
Free session with Coach Mike?!
Damn, peace out Shane... all this talk about Doan being a great guy as he piles up a body count with illegal hits.
You got me at cold Yuengling! A great local perk. Welcome home to Philly.
Hey TAAP Fans! What would you like to see on our up-coming shows?
FDA advisory panel backs Arena Pharmaceuticals' weight loss drug with a vote of 18-4
Monographs are emotional. The stakes are very high.
heard that you are coming to Seattle! have a nice comfy aerobed that you can crash on for a few days :)
And you did the same to my day(:
just a thought: the beer detail page, seeing more of my friends activity/ranking of that beer would be awesome! friends > public
happy for you!
It is overrated and for weak minded fools like yourself.
the Exorcism of Emily Rose. So good!
iCloud is still confusing/annoying... I bought an album... why the fuck is it not in my library...
Thank you! That's what we are here for :)
It's easier being rich ,not hungry ,cars work,medical in place,warm-cool,got gas,job,respect Much,Much better than being poor. UNRAVEl
Dang right! I need a Kindle. You too! Will say hello to Bay Area for you.
Mocking confirmed. He walked by and said "keep going"
Holiday Bazaar is coming soon! I hope to see some Eugene faces at the Fifth Street Public Market! Starts Nov20th.
How to Cook Everything: For the Home Cook, Making a Better Pizza - How to Cook Everything
Welp... goodbye to my weekend....
that's awesome!
#bandsilove Senses Fail!
that doesn't mean you should be on it
its still Lo$tKen to the end
Colonel Sanders?
Anyone up for a #DWTS #Exp chat for the finale? Should be some good marketing!
See you soon to talk about budget cuts to public safety. Tune in at 6:40...
Remarkably good reflexes by Nalby there after the let-cord at close range.
I recognized that a long time ago
It's definitely not easy to do in all instances it's a necessity!
If you can get it, Cox has self-install. AND you can go to their cool store in Kingstowne to get all the equipment.
Happy Halloween! Fave Halloween reading: Irving's Legend of Sleeping Hollow
I can drive by myself!! Yay.
CALIXTRO creates stunning art for all your company's marketing needs. www.michaelcalixtro.com
It's like people are in a contest to see just how awkward they can pose for their engagement pictures.
Katy Perry spotted with Robert Ackroyd of Florence + the Machine at Coachella
hadn't even heard of it. Love the original story: after a programmer's toddler daughter (named Molly) tripped it twice in one day
Real Life Pirates: Not as cool you'd think. Perhaps I met the wrong bunch.
Nice! Thanks
Thx for tweeting about our event on Sunday - will we see you there?
that Francois Hollande ad is MAJOR! le plus, le plus!
Haha! I know! Its so true. Lady A'ers are the best! :))
My mother could kick your mother's ass at sudoku.
RT: : RT : "Preach the Gospel at all times and when necessary use words." -St. Francis of Assisi
Well, judging by the beat reporter tweets, I can go to bed. Well done , I can get a full nights sleep.
Cocaine's a helluva drug.
cool I'll hit you up beccuh(:
What did Indiana do today? Did I miss it?
My rapper name is appa juice. 'You down with a.p.p?' & 'Appers delight' on debut album
Let me know if you find one!
BEAT L.A.
#TebowGotTradedFor a dinner buffet for Rex Ryan
My roommates and I are eagerly awaiting 9pm. Yep we're losers. LOL
Netflix Starts a PAC. Will It Lobby For a New SOPA?
Omg I fit into my jeans again. Thank you a month of working out.
Annie may be coming back. I just got a very interesting offer from Core of Destruction radio. :)
and thanks!
what are the set times for the nye party?
What are some of your favorite locations in Naperville to eat, shop, and have a good time?
Dublin 2010 Summer Deadline TODAY! Bring application materials to Erin Palmer in room 6 Annenberg Hall.
. tweets&writes...#FF & enjoy yr night. She'll HuffPo & HuffBlow this science house down.W/ she ain't no clown!
I bird shit on me today. Along with everybody else.
doesn't know which is more exciting...the new desk chair or all the bubble wrap surrounding it :D
Going w/my sister to hear interviewed by I Love the Los Angeles Public Library!
We got that scrappy bunch of cubs to tame for a glorious milestone! Leggoo #Arsenal C'mon RVP & write urself it to them record books
#CanIBeHonestWithYou...I think I like you...
": awww no ones following :( !!!" Im following!<3:D
Poor thing. Thinking good thoughts her way!
#Maddow totally kicked ass 2nite. Told #Koch bros 2 man up-debate her face2face-don't go after her producer thru daddy's co.Grow a pair Koch
A BIG shout out to Chicago's own Maurice Brown on the Grammy nod! Congratulations!
Our lives improve only when we take chances and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves.
#RIPANGEL I will pray for you<333
That's easy. People look at me and think, "What a great husband/boyfriend/pervert."
awww but that's what makes it interesting!!
You..are not, not going home, at some point...but not tonight. Take a seat.
I kinda think it's too soon to be depicting him in a movie anyway.
but just so we're clear, when babies don't develop/behave like angels, it has nothing to do with parents.
So after last nights show, I think I'll make being a rockstar my main gig. Yeah... sounds good.
Thanks for the tweet about our learning management system in your directory.
Time to play dress up Sherman Sherman Sherman! To Brooks Brothers we go to get suited for the ball! God i hope my wicked step mom lets me go
she's super pretty too -.-' xD
Sup Sexy Fuckers!
If likes fangirls, then he'll love me forever <3 (:
oh no! Well please stay away from bridges tomorrow:( I wanted to see you Wednesday ya know..
mine were not that great, but I almost gave the great leader Kim Jung Un and his brother a ride in LA.
Those don't come with it, with all the added Jim thinks is comes to around $13K.
Don't forget to go VOTE today for the #TN primaries!
Somebody's gunna miss you, Somebody's is gunna wish that you were here, and that somebody's me.
I'm never drinking again.
jealous. Have a blast man!
Good evening! Hope all is well ... long stretch yet to go here in Philly until the end of the year.
q2 #libchat is this something everyone wants or are there going to be colleagues with an anti-digital agenda?
More white stuff on the way--we love it here on Chardon Square! Visit the snow capitol and join us for a beer!
right? they are getting free room and board. the least they could do is pick up.
From the keynote ... "Education is sharing."
get money
Guess its mee and paranormal state for the rest of the night!
The library will be open today from 12 pm to 5 pm. Get ready for the week!
Where is everyone beautiful?In the dark.
Accident at Monona Drive & Broadway. Right lane closed WB Broadway.
Ben Sheets
Here comes the rain again!!!! All Scooters rented throughout the Months of August and September will have a complimentary rain poncho.....
Should you see "Candide," which opens Friday? Beautiful singing and enough pathos to make you feel better about your own woes.
so glad we got to meet and hang out. I'm sorry i wasn't for longer, but hopefully we see each other soon!
u already know bruh one step closer to going overseas
Morning Twitters ^_^
please DM acct# or phone+zip. i'll get this scheduled for you
My BookRestorer Knowledge has been successfully passed on with as little pain as possible. 4-page outline helped.
Peanut butter jelly, peanut butter jelly, peanut butter jelly with a baseball bat!
First time at Italian Pizza Pub.
Had such a great night at IGNITION! Thanks to everyone who came out! We all partied pretty hard--as always!
I'd give anything for there not to be school tomorrow .
#oscarrealtime so r brit films in international category or no? They do have the baftas
Dear Syracuse: It is too hot. Please fix. Thanks. Love, Suzy.
"You've changed" No actually I think the proper term is "I've stopped trying to please you."
Now playing: Electro Love Boliyaan by
Fair warning: at 4 o'clock I'm calling it 5 o'clock somewhere.
i love your voice!! We can work together for my next track if you want!!! I really need a nice vocal and u are perfect for me!
I'm so freaking excited!!! here I come.
I'm still not quite sure what the story was about, though.
The trees help a lot. Nature has a calming effect. Post rain it smells good. n sounds good. V soothing
I cried ): it was so sad .
#SometimesAllAGirlWants a guy that actually admits his mistakes as much as she would.
miss u babe!
Win a ‘Dark Shadows’ Prize Pack! reply Now! using BlackBerry messanger Dowhat you're told and watch #aots (ttk.me t4Hp1)
At North Star Mall
what kinda paper?
Hey fellow foodie bloggers, tweeters and chefs -- what #Pittsburgh restaurants should we be following on here but aren't? Let us know!
The One Thing The Media Isn&#39;t Telling You About The Blind Chinese Activist
beautiful pic.. great job on golden globes last night :-)
#Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski (ankle) was a limited participant in Thursday's practice.
Today is National #TellAStoryDay. Tweet us your best #Diversity stories using the hash-tag: #CulturalUnity!
Cloudy day = time to brew. Think its time for an American wheat with some orange peel.
I've been tweeting just at times you haven't!
can i watch the previous episodes online
John Haught addressing Vatican II's Call to Holiness with “To Men and Women of Science” lecture right now
Yeah alright! RT : lol i wouldnt be so sure if i were you jk
Just booked a flight to Seattle for June. So stoked!
Littering and littering and littering and smoking da reefer #superTroopers lol
oh haha I thought you were completely done! Well youre almost there :)
disagree...always gives a team a chance to stay in the game...
I still feel like I'm 15....
TGIF!! We are ready for a wknd filled with FUN! Restoration Shop Tour, Train Ride to Mt.Clare, Holiday Photo Shoots and MORE!
Series finale of Desperate Housewives. Sad times.
Come play today's noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15), great deal for your money! Register until 1:40 pm.
The hardest part about starting our business was finding venues who liked good music!
Haha, thats good, and same thanks:D
Home now, but still working. Ready for a real weekend. Maybe one day....
Today is the start of teacher appreciation week. Educators, we appreciate you and everything you do!
I just did :)
#poe #pumpingover everything
DIViSION CHAMPS girlfriend woooot
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME
Im bored and im off work what to do?
Can't sleep....I'm glad I don't have any conference calls in the morning!
We are each gifted in a unique and important way. It is our privilege and our adventure to discover our own special light. ~Mary Dunbar
Agreed. All around bad.
i see (O.o) where you been at tho? you always figure out a way to be lowkey on me.
lol we were w/claude but we all knocked out. Anyways, kadeem knows i love him (as much as it hurt to say that). Phew!
Give audience time for important pauses, to let their imagination work. Relate to their own experiences.
Just picture yourself at the beach and it will help pass the time :)
Tomorrow is Friday and I'm staying out the way once again
was gone for a minute, now im back :)
So, with that twitter break is over, and back to work.
wonder what Drew Pearson thought of that hit on Napoli? Prob an illegal hit in NFL & Napoli would be out of w/concuss precaution!
To keep fat from splattering just put a dash of salt in the frying pan.
I'm hitting Starbucks after my last liveshot.
You should go follow right now! Why? Because they follow everyone back!
All the IU fans can say whatever they want, look who's #1!
Thanks for the follow Hows your day?
that would be so awsome, i deffantly need to get away from colorado for a few days :)
AAHHH. Love is in the air... BIG TIME. (;
Are you excited about Final Perk on December 14?
Hi I'm at come hop on over.
I ask, could #DowntonAbbey be any better written, any better produced or any better cast than it is? Thoroughly wonderful.
I'm not a playmate but I'd def be a claymate. Not for Clay, but for claymation.... Nvm.
Happy Easter everyone!
will you be modeling?
you're traveling around the sun faster at night than during the day, and around the galaxy faster when the sun is in Sagittarius.
we have a couple of those in stock.
Glad to be back at Chicago ! Man, I missed this place so much <3
Check out Mariana's introduction to Record Store Day week over ! We've got all kinds of cool stuff going on!
I'm interested in any article with "UX" & "Research" in the title.
Finna get up
Nathan is EXCITED and on a mission...said he'll see you in 2025!!!
Oh and I lied. today was fine weather wise. Tomorrow though, isn't. there's supposed to be a wind chill warning of -29 degrees! ouch!!
sorry if i asked this before, but I'm curious, would you say you are a tough college instructor?
Anybody in SF at today? Any movies worth checking out?
Soon i might post things on tumblr.
Congrats on the tweet ya just got :)
I just heard that as well. I am really hoping the weather people are all wrong!
Make-up 50/50 call for possession after blowing the up & down, leads to Bradley 3-pointer.
lmao ! You know I'm just kidding (:
I bet! It's a great feeling! :)
trying to figure out how to summarize the conference for a trip report. off to clinic for ear ache.
At Least I'm Not As Sad (As I Used To Be).
has put up with me for two years. Couldn't do all the diving I do without her support.
Four years after library school I am still going to meetings where folks talk about getting hip to social media
No problem,thanks right back.
Dude funny af!!!
3/90min massages and 7 personal training sessions. Whew! Great day! I love all our clients and love what we do!
haha...i totally agree with u. He is better off as an actor. Unfit in politics.
- LOL! Girlfriend you can do it~:)
I think I'm writing a textbook.
What's new dude????
Headed home from animal kingdom it was a great day
what's your favorite Brewers moment?
heart you more!! Be careful driving.
RT : HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
Amazing performance last night, was great talking to you
i had to watch that 3 times.
No, you're not. I love strawberry, and sometimes I get the rainbow twists.
Who knew that jazz would grow from its beginnings in David Lee Roth's "Just a Gigolo" to become a worldwide phenomenon?
Way to put her in place J Lauranitis.. I cant stand her..RT : Someone cue... #StandByYourMan for Eve
What is a really good song??? Besides a Bruno song??
RT : #BeachVB world tour starts today > great pre-season..
PepsiCo Aims to Bring Urban Cool to Mountain Dew Image: Retail
first time at their brunch. Good bloody's...
Don't get in the habit of making excuses, or you'll be doing it for the rest of your life.
Ew they playing this old justin bieber song at the gym..
times square :)
Is anyone working with a co-writer? How did you find them? Have your songs improved since finding them?
Consulting on a #jury selection this week, then back to Seattle for more witness prep.
That kind of life is most happy which affords us most opportunities of gaining our own esteem. -Samuel Johnson
To app or not to app? Ahh haa! All those platforms...Washington research library consortium chose pages rather than an app.
For the coolest kid-friendly fun in #SanDiego, #FF to
you know I love you right? lol
Just sent a second email to get help with getting registered on the site. No response on the first one. Li'l help, please?
lmaoo yess!! we need to improve that though a lot!
I *think* I'm good to go now! Need to get off the phone and ck for the icon/functionality of it. I added from online.
The New York Knicks have turned into the #NewYorkBricks today.
n lemme know when yur free?
why not?!
-very creative! Interesting take on Mickey; Marilyn would have probably loved it?
Thanks for letting us know. We'll make sure that shelter gets repaired.
Incredibly happy to have received a scholarship from Great news just as I'm about to leave for a journalism convention.
Also, thanks to for tweeting!
study long study wrong
I'm not excited I better wake up with a surprise lmaoo
Hey tweeps! Many of you should follow and read his "Friday Grammar Lesson" tweets. (By "many of you," I mean "all of you.")
I don't think I've ever seen such an exuberant celebration of big gov't and government dependency than the Life of
RT : We're Growing FAST = Time to Hire! Wanted: Full-Time, experienced #Joomla Web Developer. Message me for more info
#CRM integration is better left up to plugins
so i listened and think its pretty good
Oh no worries, just watching the Boyfriend video... what happened to Justin's voice?
sticking bernal-side today - thanks for the heads ^
are you depressed or something??
Susie and I are Wii bowling.
Maybe it's just me, but the dot Net open source landscape beyond mono and the Iron languages seems kind of sparse.
ur so swett wish i can go out wit u....but u wanna go ut ....ur single...plzplzplzplzplzplzplzplzplz
Pretty sure "regularly trading peacefully with strangers unrelated by clan or peonage" made traditional marriage moot 500 years ago.
my biggest issue is setting the right stop...
Audition Tip: A "bar" isn't a measure of time, so 16 bars equals 35-45 secs. Unless they're being literal, which is dumb.
"No matter how vital and urgent an enterprise may be, it is best advanced by composure." - Manly P. Hall
ahaha! Just so you know I'm being sarcastic I'm not that Into cats. Lol
It's a beautiful friday morning, hope your all making the most of it!
I'm like the wind *blowing noise*
if you say so retard. Back to the sandbox.
You've gotta know you've made an impact when people r complaining there's too much witnessing going on in a school.
I do what I can, and what I can is hella fun
Only 40 minutes until we start our 1/2 price bottles of wine! Stop by and get classy with us tonight.
#ItsCuteWhen has a live chat c:
all I have is a tumblr! But I'm thinking of making one this summer :)
my butt is so sore. stupid bicycle seat. fun day though!
Dark Summer Dawn time! We rock at 11:30 and it's JR's birthday! Come down to Red Eyed Fly! BOOM!
#getschman Too much text? Tempts you to read. Breaks your natural flow. Distracts eye contact.
EPP will be at Shidler College of Business in Honolulu on Thursday for the Career Expo! Now accepting intern applications. Stop by & say hi!
Let me tell you student loans is worst then marriage...at least if shit don't work out divorce is an option.
Retweet if you wanna text?:)
Ppl only hear what they want to hear. It makes me chuckle (:
PickUpLine: Hello. I have sex on the first date. Do you?
Yao Ming has retired...the great wall has finally crumbled.
Take time and share the gift of dance this holiday season! www.allegrodancecompany.net Classes--shows--workshops!
thanks Jerry!
my #2 of 2011 was "The Tree of Life." But "Drive" is pretty great!
I need to #relax more
NO! I have had the regular minis, though. #dangerous - they are way to easy to eat sans wrappers.
And now ... Josh Beckett.
R Why no behind the scenes doc on the new CS Lewis DVD? The producers figured it was Narnia business
NOTE: HRResourcePortal.com is interested in your business! LOW LOW RATES to advertise your services globally.
add me I send a direct message
Brewers. 4 games. 4 days. Make those playoff tickets more than a curio.
love u to
wait do i have to have a paypal account?!
I'm in love with a stripper.
I'm all ready for u to flash some gang signs u give the thumb
Everyone in ElDorado, Wichita be safe. Headed to you.
Is anyone around Santa monica today like around 2? I need someone to sign for my mail order bride.
Happy birthday one day late(:
It sucks how people that say they love you so much can leave you so easily
Yeah...I heard what his punk ass said....lol
that's awesome! Haha!
I got a good friend thats trying to get this club he going have on thursday nite jumping. You came to mind.
You can go ahead and forward that along to ;) bhahaha
Will have to get to work on catalog and model touch-ups next week! ;) Plus we are getting our house ready for house warming party
just watched dance <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> I miss you!
SORRY!!! GOD U WANT ME TO THROW UP ON U???
Church at Chapel Hill at Surrendered Movie premiere!
Love 80 degree weather :)
praying please keep me posted.
Anyone who knows me well knows how I love Monkees... and Davy Jones was def one of my favorite... R.I.P.
True! And when it's 12 degrees here in winter and you're holding on to the gas lever. MA is only state I've not seen them.
We'll be bringing an award winning, nationally recognized, Idaho-based media relations professional to the SoMe world soon!
ahahahahha!!!!! We flipped the script! More music for me these days... More muscles & veins for you!! Pffffffffff
The number one rule about #stuffabus is we don't talk about #stuffabus...I will be checking in with Blaine & Allyson from 6a-10a
I like the Pacers, but whining about physical play and post-game comments shows they don't know what the playoffs are about. The fans either
Duh I know who you are!
“The Breeze at dawn has secrets to tell you. Don’t go back to sleep.” - Rumi
“In this world a man must either be an anvil or hammer.”
Got a call from tech; says they are up a pole installing new line. I have been suggesting that since 2006!!! Believe it.
Its cool my parents are trying to make my life a living hell, I didn't wanna try to be independent & do my own thing anyway <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
No iPad, but I have been using my mom's cast-off iPod Touch a bit. (Generally frustrating! But lighter than my computer.)
"princess of china starts of really slowly" 2 months later "OMG I LOVE THAT SONG" no gtfo.
To-do: write a blog post about my grading system in lit classes, and how it's evolved.
my eyelids are getting heavy
Xiaotong wu, how i love you, let me count the ways
First energy drink - NOS. Ready to take on world... to give it flyers. Meditation techniques failing but no jitters, no crash, great taste.
: I bet. That's your thing.
Almost lunchtime here... hm tap tap...
I just realized there is a guy who changed his name to Metta World Peace.
EXACTLY. It doesn't help that tonight I'm going to see Lady Gaga. I'm ready for a dance party but MUST FOCUS.
an officer pulls u over for speeding & says, I waited all night for someone like u. u reply, well officer i hurried as fast as i could.
Local news is saying suspect apparently taken down by a group of elderly ladies after shooting
lol. someone to help you guide? :P
You haven't lived until you've seen 2 police cruisers burst out of the fog to break up your 5am #kickball game.
Delusional much? Recalls are written into Wisc. State Constitution.
Don't flatter yourself honey <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> “: RT : YOU'RE A STAR!>> no I'm not stop playin <U+263A>”
Just did a Google search for a colleague with the last name "Grind." Wow. That is a LOT of lesbian porn.
Unexpected micro-adventure today. Flew to Chicago and back to DC in one day...and boy are my arms killing me.
Too much good tweeting to follow==I end up ignoring all of it. Regretfully culling list. It's not you, it's me!
omg I wanna get my back done too...I just wanna get my spine I know it's gonna hurt though
office working online....
i need help!!
This is how we do it...
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one...
I want a simpler one haha =)
~Good morning twitterbugs! I hope everyone has a blessed day. Im feeling great! Nothing like waking up to ! Xoxo
I challenge U 2 a debate. U can prove 2 me that schools are failing. That poverty isn't the problem. Maybe greed? ALEC?
“Wabi-sabi: the Beauty of Imperfection, 5 minute Ignite-style talk.” Rachel Nabors,
I'd completely freak out if tweeted me out of the blue.
The twin task of personal #authenticity & finding a mature spirituality are mysteriously linked. #findingmeagain:a journey to an auth life.
The Coyote's stick-checking is off the charts good! Great at breaking up plays
I don't give two shits to what people say (:
I've uploaded a short excerpt from Redemption. Click on the AuthorPage link above to check it out.
Virginia Beach busty independent escorts in Virginia Beach & United States on escort directory
“: Let Us Play #StandUnited #freebasketball” Listen to The Beard for he is wise.
It's at times like this , I cherish my life so much , <U+2665>
Seven years ago today, I met my best friend and love of my life,
great! There 4 a minute I thought if u don't know what a #BBN meant or a #8thbanner u was duff not a wildcat!
I fully agree! RT: We got a few minutes of Jay-Z in the pre-game montage, and you know he should have done the half time show.
Currently experiencing one of those moments where I've been busy all day and have just hit the wall, but know I should keep going and can't.
do you actually know Spanish or is it just phony Spanish? Hahaha.
Tweet for an autographed copy of Official Rules to Being Single
At the gym getting big with my bro
If you're looking for a good read, Carrie Nyman's new book, Why aren't You Sweet Like Me, was just released. Wonderful.
all this religious talk on my tl.. i realize im the worst catholic ever so i won't join in
Assistant teaching this fifth grade art class right now. Kids are so crazy.
welp, now I sound stupid lol
let the countdown begin ;) 8 days!
Z-Bo is a GREAT offensive rebounder! Wow. So physical
And just like that, game is tied 6-6 on a 5th error by St. Xavier. Uncharacteristic of Tigers to be throwing ball around field like this.
just made us dinner w/ but is nowhere to be found!
Forgot to watch #Badgirlsclub , gonna watch it now .
1983. 1000s of Ghanaians expelled from Nigeria. They packed their belongings in cheap bags that were then named
Good morning!! Please hit my pic below and go to the website to like my pics! Xo
When 's tweets pop up, am I the only one that thinks: "When did I start following Bradley Cooper?"
Denver Post Rockies beat writer Troy Renck joins The Score at 8:05 AM. Check it out at AM1510. Have a ? for Troy? call us at 303-297-1510
Driving your tractor to wal-mart
Had a good dinner recently at Belvedere Inn in Lancaster. Great cocktails too - if you're in to that sort of thing.
All the best
Just found out my cousin has a bf. ahahaha she's 7. Don't try an tell me that's not fucked up.
see you should listen to me when i whine, i mean, think strategically.
Found an empty beer can! Only 199,999 more and we've got our funding for
By the 4 th of 5th room u paint you should catch on"????? Kindergartenpaintjob
You are more than welcome.. such a beautiful woman inside and out:)
RT : #iste11 Explore our AMAZING host city of Brotherly Love! Take the Philly by Land and Sea tour on Tuesday June 28!
Thanks so much! We are very proud and honored!
Beat the Black Friday traffic and take South Bay Expressway to the Otay Ranch Town Center!
agreed. I was blessed with HUGE legs naturally, so it's always been my fav too. Especially since so many other ignore their legs.
i accidentally washed my ipod in the washing machine, it took a little while to restore, but it is working!!! crazy stuff
Ehh its not too bad for me. but for other girls..it must be crazy
They just read your tweet on the livestream. :)
Just tapped Great Divide Oaked Aged Yeti Imperial Stout.
What's goin on my Philly FAM!!!!
Screw you old man! However I do have tix to Roger Waters The Wall in a month!
cool, hit you when we get back to LA
Gonna give in and start cardio today. I hate cardio!!!
LOL JK if they give me the work its their responsibility to grade it.
Payphone on repeat
I think Tom Norris should Rejoin :)
now following FB?
yes definitely <U+E05A>
: Trust in the LORD with all your heart & lean not on your own understanding & he will make your paths straight. Pv 3:5-6
Hamels plunked him to show who's boss. And unfortunately for him, Harper did.
dropping by to say hi. Long time fan who had you sign an autograph at the beginning. you said "I hate the Rachel." lol
Good luck on the decision ! and have made it difficult.
BABY!!!! I didn't know you felt the same way!! ME + YOU = BEDROOM!! NOOWWWW!! ahaha ;) #letsgetiton #allhomo :))
chinese symbols make sweet tats.
Back to tweeting from #XMLmeeting. Flavio Zeni of Kenya speaking on taking ICT "to the next level."
in ref. to task analysis. I use it to illustrate shaping: the number of steps needed to learn an everyday task.
suggestions anyone? RT : yo, I'm going to DC for the black theater fest this weekend. Any place we should go party?
can't speak to Seattle much but I live in Portland and love it. Depends what you are looking for I guess
Traffic sucks on I-40...
my throat hurts so bad ugh
Ha! Pucker up Legolas. #Avengers LOVED IT! I wanna see it again!
Atlantans - pick up a copy of this month's for an article on us called "Writing History."
Domestic violence should be stopped. We should come together
are you closing tonight?
KidExerciser created a device that, when paired with a kid's bike, controls sthe TV. Kids pedal to watch TV. Promotes kids' fitness.
lol just waking up
We are looking for a professional server/bartender that thinks they are fun enough to join our staff! Please apply at The Eatery.
I need to find an anchor shirt!!
what's trademarked?? not RNS lol
That is also very true.
Anyone have a good recipe for eggnog cheesecake? Why is it so hard to find? Now I want it even more!
I don't like you at all...
Ok, looks like you are a step ahead of me.
Thx a lot for the RT , we also have cell phone collection boxes at all Goodwill Austin retail locations
“: how goes the biggest loser competition?” Down a couple lb's but eating/working out HARD. Caring mostly about bf%.
txt me lol
Throwback rap songs tonight
There are people all around me and still I fell alone
Grades almost in, I
HOA may be sued in Trayvon Martin case - Abc Local Web Found on Bing
#caseyanthony defense ironically argues prosecution is "sea of lies," and it worked! What a waste, could have stopped at opening argument.
Making plans for hosting a delegation from a college in Wisconsin coming down to see my lab on 4/18.
I'm working on a new drum cover which is Battery by Metallica. Should have it done tonight or tomorrow. Thanks for the support!
im LOVED <333
My grandma is here making her own remix of "Same Damn Time" Talkin about "in the kitchen cookin greens & cornbread at the same damn time" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
just met Jack Johnson, the musician, and he asked if i knew about nature deficit disorder!!!
Thanks for the mentions guys “I think this wysiwyg tool is going to get very popular”
Money comes and goes but family is forever
Life is too short to write people off because of stylistic differences lol
How bout playing the new SWEATERS 7 inch? SO good!
The fun doesn’t stop, even when you sail into port! Shore excursion adventures are available when you’re not performing.
"If i'm racist to everyone i'm just mean" -Chris Willmott
I love Morris Day and the Time.
By the time a man realises that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he's wrong.
Calipari won the sec 2 of three years and potentially sec tournament all 3 years. If he doesn't win COY something's wrong
Come to Poland!
Finalizing Incredible Girl Music with Aaron & Aurora. What a journey. Killer sound. 3rd pass edit you belong to me now!
U Ok
Tim Allen is having the best Voice Over career...ever.
I want to transition from headstands to handstands but I just can't find the missing link
grandmas for the night. :)
...and they gave no heads up to any of us that they were closing for the day
aawww! im so glad i made you happy! i love this type of feeling! goodnight! and i hope i made your day! :)
quince tonight :) on my way. .
when and dropped that mixtape outta nowhere ... it changes the game forever. that shock value was priceless
All I do is play guitar...
My little cousin was sent to give my neighbors a plate of food, and this nigga charged him five dollars for the plate! Lmfao!
im sorry! Hope your day gets better!
Surprised you didn't have a tweet about Brandon Lloyd from Friday's show. Very well spoken, knowledgable. Surprised.
Rest In Peace MCA You will never be forgotten!
Knowing how to ask the right questions at the right time is both a skill and a gift and can bring great results to the one answering them.
RT : The composer John Adams, whose music I listen to obsessively while writing, has a very cool blog.
and you're a very beautiful girl :)
hahah my sister and I were just talking about you
Made the mistake of throwing the Catch Phrase in a box of books and it's making a tiny beeping sound once every 15 minutes.
You love science, ever read Ray Kurzweils The Singularity is Near?
Debating if I should go see Maxwell tonight with friends or go and make some money ...
MORE signs do not solve problems. Pointing something out (again) doesn't fix it, only adds clutter. Fix your issues; don't just add to them
Great choice - thanks for stopping in!
The best makeup Demi could wear is a smile. Her best jewelry is modesty. And her best clothing she wears is confidence. <U+2665>
I have a pounding headache and chills I been sleeping over a half day
history repeats itself im an OF soldier!
Take a pic next time and share. RT : The crazy things you see driving down 38th Street...
The picture is the roundabout at the West Portal Elementary School
Hi where is my gift card?!
food truck lunch FTW u guys
your exactly right, all other things in life will come and go but at the end of the day your family is always gonna be there
your stupid? You dmed me and tweeted me I haven't been on for a while
GTS: This ones for you & me , living out our dreams. We're all right where we should be. With my arm out wide, I open my eyes....
RT : I'm good...we had dinner on the deck/The deck of your boat? HaHa! I bet you wish! Sounds nice~ Great weather
Maybe you can call in Sick, then bring it to the Crib and get all this ...
I may be ugly but they sure love to stare
I feel a little better about my incompetent run yesterday then!
hopefully I'll be home in July
Introducing Whisk Reputation. Yelp feedback management and more.Would you be interested in receiving more information?
you ruined the noodles.
the article in magazine = amaze!!
Thank you for being our 4,000th Follower! :)
Tomorrow is the start of a week of discounts! Each day there will be a great product with an even greater discount!
I am drinking my 2 shakes a day and working out. Also joined a challenge group
Ran across a website: strongfathers.com; check it out. My book discusses the positive effects of such in the home and school
I just submitted my application for the Board of Directors Media Committee Chair position. Here's to hoping for the best!
Putting students in stuffy trailers. . . .and where is the gazillion dollars of lottery money going?
I suppose that's some consolation... but still! :)
nutella is heavenly during rough timess
o girl my weave itch ... pat pat pat pat hhaha rollin on the floor
RT : ": It sound like did it again ....good work to err body puttin in work"
It doesn't involve Charles Barkley chained up as Whodini does it?
its true doe delusion must stop. lbj now become a decoy for last 2nd. teams kno this
Vodka numbs the throat ! haha :-)
Woody Allen Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score
that may be debatable since they have the largest app and music stores. But knowing user data is not a requirement. Engagement is.
My pleasure. Now, gimme good content! ;P
i cant find an advisory snapback anywhere
It was fantastic! I feel all warm and happy inside. :)
HEY! That reminds me - a certain live-action TACO didn't walk past my desk on Monday as promised...
#OWIF: "We value freedom for all, except for our sworn enemies, the Frogressives."
yes/no? Their 'low Eb' has a picture with a design of a 'low C' BClar...call them and their are not sure how to clear up. :-/
tend to see attempts at intersectionality as weakening feminism. As if we can talk about all wmn w/o talking other oppressions.
why do people make fake pages of famous people >>>>>>>>>>>
zbo does make the same lol. His contract is just a year shorter. And part of Rudy's problem is correct play calling. We need
": another great workout! Ready for the weekend!"Awesome job! Keep killing it! Can only bring good things!
you're hilarious
RT : SAN ANTONIO: Want to see advance screening of drama/comedy #PeopleLikeUs 5/17? Fist 20 DM name & address get a pass. Hurry!
keepin it reel
#2011in3words.... two- thousand- eleven
Many areas to apply this advice. Thanks RT : Partner, but lead.
text me slut<3
Elway loses $15M in ponzi scheme along with other investors. But wants to go to head of line to get some $$ back...it's 4th and long !!!!
you don't. I guess ur just lame then
No matter how angry I am at a significant other I would never in my life yell at them in public
ur tweets r for real
Insane cabbie tells me he hates chatty passengers, proceeds to talk about his job at Red Lobster, his emotional problems for 65 blocks
Heck of a sports night
Good Morning World Wide Weberverse! Listing new items today stay tuned! How is everyone?
Interesting to see which companies have their #Google+ pages up and running. And which ones don't.
I hate this nasty weather<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><U+2601><U+2614><U+26A1>
Demi Lovato, Charlie Daniels coming to state fair - The State Journal-Register
Yeah, seems to work... have you used this thing called the Internet yet? It's awesome.
my man miss my boy
well how in the fuck am I supposed to know?
The boys are doing the fighting & the dying and [their] #mothers are giving their all, their most priceless and precious possessions. [1943]
have you ever been to Canada? Just curious since I'm a stones throw from it and the falls.
Does anyone have a NYC half marathon bib that they want to sell? I'm very interested!! #NYC half marathon
Happy Mother's Day, Mom. I know we rarely get along, but I love you anyway.
Love his voice! ;)
Laying in bed feeling weak #kickboxing killed me ASAP
Lame as hell jk!
#3day Walking along the San Diego River with 3,600 other friends.
Nothing but dirty bitches in the bad girls club. smh
Shout to all my moon men
oh, I see now. I'm playing both sides. ;) I shot digi that night, but I did shoot some 120 yesterday.
The headliners have been announced! Who are you going to see?
HCPs don't want to be "providers" of mandates from ePatients - they want to be treated as professionals first
Obama is so handsome! If I was one of the ladies from The View I would jump on that d***
Another perfect day to be on the grind... Just if I worked outside :/
Great nap:)
RT : Oh shit did just say "a senior on a fixed income?" Maggie just put the wine down & said "ok, I MIGHT vote...
Definitely will do! Great premiere--love the NOLA dynamic and laughed out loud at all the Native American claims in the barber!
Samsung Galaxy Note acquired. Giant phone is GIANT.
That does hurt bad!
I love Robert Hurst's playing! You two together must be a real groovin-cymbal-throwing-machine!
QoTD: "Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay." (Simone De Beauvoir)
ha right!
I know that's your team, but even if they somehow caught the Heat, they would have a tough time with the other big dogs.
#yourthebest because you a beautiful girl that doesn't need to show of to be recognized
#zuluwinter great music
Almost there! Anything fun planned while you're here?
Nice music on your website! Thx for the follow.
RT : Chris Paul and Rajon Rondo are the 2 best pure PGs in basketball PERIOD!!!!!
ROWING: Live coverage of Sunday&#39;s Saratoga Invitational regatta on Fish Creek COVER IT LIVE
thanks for the follow back ^^
U.S. demand for tissue ppr up 7.2% "U can do digital 4 books but it's hard to do digital with tissue paper," Willis Blevins
We're gonna hook 5 of you football/film fans up with REAL STEEL on Blu-Ray (Football. Robots. Football robots. Get it?). Just tell us... 1/2
love you guys too, lol. joy has a problemo.
Glad we are finally getting our new roof, Glad they finally arrested the man who ripped us off. Maybe we can get our $ back.
When girls love your smile <U+2665>
Thanks for following!
Great #LF12 energy around #women, green building, creativity and progress towards a !
Social media etiquette: be nice, be polite, be professional #iappsummit reminds me of Everything I Need to Know I Learned In Kindergarten..
what a most boring sunday indeed
ILostMyVirginityTo no one yet...but my guy friends think I have because I act freaky sometimes. ;P
Congratulation Ms Maxine Tulloch for being one of the 100 Outstanding Women of Broward County. Great things comes to those who work hard.
It's those people who are awake that live in a state of constant amazement.
San Antonio: T-storms between 1-4pm, few with hail and strong winds.
When im not with you, im thinking bout you
Dear followers: What's your favorite and least favorite Easter candy? (No black jellybeans for us!)
aww I miss you too love <U+2764> I hope you had a good Friday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
"Hi, I'm calling about this product you emailed me about." Yes? "Well, I'm not interested. Thank you."
This is the time of year CEOs think of Strategic Planning - make sure the word "customer" is at least on page 2 if not on page 1
: re: rock metaphor. That's right. Otherwise, I just don't want to go downstairs. I'll deal. Just need sleep.
I can't sleep. My room is fucking hot I guess it's time for me to start stripping.
I C's it but I don't believe's it!
Know of any Boston area jobs? Twitter friend is looking...
what do you mean? I told him I would be there. 8pm reservations at the Applebees on Main Street in Naples.
Some people dream of success . . . while others wake up and work at it. — Unknown
Which one was the 2 seed?
Lovely dovey can kiss ass
oh shut up. You lame af
are you kidding me?
LMAO yeah that might help!
unfortunately I didn't but luckily it was where I thought it was haha
I once worked with someone who called in VERY frequently. Here are two of his "gems". I can't come in today because: * I have a belly-but...
Party tonight with alotta my friends, brothers going away party tommorow, and then seeing in Hairspray on Sunday. Greaat weekend!
Another Twitter Mom Question! Any good recommendations for a southside / Greenwood area pediatrician?
so much on my mind!
So bummed! Had an audition for a commercial today, but wasn't able to make it. First audition in LA I was called to but couldn't go :(
I know. That's what I'm waiting to see too
look for " the collective" on facebook
One of your RTs led to a fairly interesting conversation. I'm not counting on that happening again, though.
Still feeling the impact of last Sun. PM prayer meeting. "Why do you look for the living among the dead?"
I want one of those little blue & white check marks by my name
I wonder which judge will be assigned to each of the Top 3.
Hard day...hard night. Imma put on a brave face and make it work. Whatever.
2012 Actors Reel
How You have 2 First Names? Phillip Phillips! Like Mike Micheal's and John Johnson
happy passover, good friday and happy earth day... o:)
Off break nd back to wrk.
Hello :P
yes sir working til about 2 am
The old Indian lady at my job is beyond annoying bro.
#jasminprobz <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : Everyone's drunk but me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Here we go
Uh flawless plan. Haha
hello i love A.N.T Farm can you follow me ?
Nope! RT : Can u have a hint for 2night??? <U+E00E>
I just got my act scores back. Looks like I'll be taking it again-__-
whatever. Your on the couch.
People don't actually like lobster. They just need an excuse to eat butter in vast amounts.
aw! My love to Elliott
#writers #authors #amwriting #novel Show me yours, I'll show u mine. 2-3 pages only. All the time I have to read carefully & comment
sorry for long wait, twitter didn't show me that u mention me like it usual do. Thx for replying me back
i plan on it!:)
MT "Supermoon will shine on West Coast at 8:34 p.m. Saturday" ...<Maybe it needs to shine on the East coast to help the Yankees...
oh.. my moms done that before. It really sucks :(
Almost everyday I get a confirmation from the universe that I am doing exactly what I should be doing. Today's was poweful! Thank You.
Seguin is as Seguin does. #Bruins #Caps tied.
- At a certain point, I'll be expecting a large, black-green-yellow-and-blue badge saying "Vim Journeyman."
And now we know the plot for season 2. I'd not piss off Rumplestitskin. Ever.
My Napa trip countdowns are at 13 and 35 days. If only we could keep up once a month jaunts... Cannot wait
So sleepy. Don't wanna get out of bed. But I have a bowtie to wear and a meeting to get to.
The Speaking Empire Live Event is starting in just 20 minutes! This is going to be an amazing week!
Lot's of #WPS to talk on the show Monday as we will have Coach James Galanis of the Atlanta Beat in studio live! WPS REWEET
Had a great time at the NCPC Conference.
It seems like every time I watch "River Monster" this nigga catch the same fish
Easy on the throttle, steady on the gears, roll her over gently and she'll last for many years.
People do so much on twitter for attention it's nuts. Get an outside hobby pot favor.
Jake that's such a unique idea for a column!! How did you come up with that?!?!
k sorry, and a little late, don't ya think? U know u don't have to know somebody to follow them right?
Swear we have a racist bus drivier playing nothing but rap for us .!
caught your show for the first time this morning. Love it!
Issue #6 of our print edition comes out Wed! Stories on humantrafficking, HealthySF, AmericasCup and ranked-choice voting.
Unknown Prophets playing in Brainerd tonight. Thinking...
I don't know. My granny is too busy running her mouth to get home from church. :|
Ok cool lets do it, don't know about the 25¢ wing spot but I can google it & find out
Why people find gauges attractive blows my mind..
With a good book. Good to meet you.
I'm looking for potential investors to help launch this product, any ideas?
21+ ICON FRIDAYS @ ICON ULTRA LOUNGE IN DTLA FT. DJ SCENE! CARISSA & BDAYS! FOR LIST:
Boise misses you too. Come back soon.
You have chosen ... wisely.
oh we will! Sitting next to the beer importer, Don Feinberg of Vanberg & Dewulf!
me too both lineup. i took me a while to learn the new names . I alway remember slash , duff , steven izzy
RT : #oomf tries too hard to be "hipster"..
face it hydraulic fracturing,food preservatives,cell phone waves and a million other things are harmful..but we like the stuff they make
And I wish there was football on...
Jersey Shore looks like a horrifying show
Yamely wants to be black...... k
#Tebow316 RT : If you see ole Suggsy tell him to holler at us in 13'. Hahaha
Kourosh Tazmini feat. Anda Adam - Can U Feel Love (Official Video HD)
Miles to/from the Apple store and hours of installing/configing of all my apps, I'm almost recovered from a hard-drive crash.
BORGIA rehearsals started today, minus Ms. but just sat in on musical and it's sounding fab already!
Wrote till late last night. Woke up with face on keyboard. Little impressions on my cheek from the keys. Wear it proudly baby!
IT'S BACK! YES!
How bad is Clint Barmes at the plate? No need to answer
Well, glad you picked it up, despite how time consuming apple can be!
I am now a man who owns a canoe. Ponder that one,
Congratulations to the Super Bowl Champs !!!
Follow for all your FIU gear
Thinking before I act, like Steven's mom says I should. It's so fuckin hard though. Ugh. :/
Can't wait to hear!! RT well the vocals sound so good, if i may say so myself
#shitmarkcassidysays come on now man!
Have a great weekend everyone!
And so we kick push, kick push..
I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard at a TV show.
If you are not using your #gifts to bless someone,
Can we get Gus Johnson for next year's #Masters? That's of course IF Augusta would allow a black man to call the tourney
I know. So you know it's funny that more guys are enjoying the new MLP series than girls are
If you have an egg as your profile picture, or any other object not human, I will not follow you.
I think we should have #GayPride day at school this week. Anybody up for it?:)
I STILL can't get over that Man City game yesterday.
gym time suga!!!!
I know a great printer made in the USA! www.anajet.com
nice to know you stalk me? lol you don't even follow me so that's pretty creepy.
All of these things have been filed away in boxes &bags when I return from playing a concert tour,say,& I have never looked at them again.
In brief: Pub waitress accused of theft
Have a blissful day being the best you...
RT : No one with any real sources has reported that Parks & Rec has been canceled. No one.
Thank you USC alum for coming in and taping an interview for this afternoon! It was so great meeting you!! :)
Never mind...
comon,you know yo wanna follow
Even speaking as an fan, outright rewarding people to go to physical stores to price check and then buy from them is a dick move.
The bottom line --> MT POTUS, and the MSM, would much prefer a discussion of gay marriage to a discussion of the economy.
Belly up and arch your back Well I ain't really falling asleep I'm fading to black DBTs Goddamn Lonely Love The Dirty South
thanks! We were on there once before in a typography showcase. I always get excited when our work gets recognized like that.
Catholic League action today @ Ashburn vs. Father Judge 3:45pm. BP @ 1:30 - Looking for a sweep this week against the boys from Mayfair.
"Friends" is on Nick? I feel really old.
If Shabazz picks UCLA like most are predicting we will likely never hear from him again.
My Boi Is About To Go In On This New Ep Called 'The Weigh In' a 10-track Free EP On May 15th
and , thanks for the RTs. I think this year's Ghost Tour is definitely going to be fun (the night tour scary)!
happy birthday to you:))
Nassib to Lemon for another 1st down.
#gltrain Is the goal of Gov 2.0 to make citizens' lives easier or better?
Bengals take five on Day 3 of NFL Draft
No. Not unless I'm being chased. But I love distance bike rides. My favorite, Springfield MO to Eureka Springs AR. (sigh)
i communicate with you ( :
It's high it's deep. It's outta here 3-2
It's March 1st!
I'm not sure about whether #visualCV being saved is a good or bad thing. I mean I want them to survive but in a way I want see a new prod.
Good Luck to everyone running the #BostonMarathon today!
Excellent see you soon
INTAXICATION : Euphoria at getting a tax refund, which lasts until you realize it was your money to start with.
CISNC 16,804 North Carolina students left school last year without graduating. Breaking the statistic www.cisnc.org
Finish the sentence: When I arrive in Hana I feel __________.
Did you know that a praying mantis has 5 eyes? Imagine how much it can see!
International music television network MTV will celebrate its annual summer event in Tel Aviv this year.
I found Kevin today!!!! :D
Hey! Who are the creators of that Skillery thing? I'm looking on the site, but don't see it/them any where.
I'd still rather play the original Pacman on an Atari! In fact, don't tell anyone LOL my husband and I actually have an Atari.
Cheer on the #Bulls with our $18 Abita buckets! We know that the #BenchMob will dominate the court!
Thanks for this interesting link.
Hey , let me know if you're looking at getting Wetopia onto mobile! Your game looks fantastic, great admiration for you!
Dogs are such good people.
I always appreciate a Monday Mention! :-)
ME TOO!
In general, the worse the music, the louder it is played.
I <3 Space Cow-Boys.
I want to go to #sxsw just to be able to talk to all my internet friends/contacts in real life. Next year, next year... I smell a...
Please don't bring Terron back next season. That is all...
thanks for joining us. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Finish this sentence and you will be our Status Update for the day on Facebook. "Beautiful is..."
10 MINUTES - #StarshipsVideoOnMTV IM GOING TO FUCKING CRY IM SO EXCITED ! :D <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Wowww! Maria & Derek killed it!
In a few months ill be able to rent a plane with my brother and go to the keys or other places good to have a brother with a pilot license(:
So excited that the Tallahassee Tricksters April Fools Juggling Fest is this weekend. Good to see folk who can keep all their balls in air.
This Thursday ft lauderdale Hard Rock and casino,me! Rocco performing at the world famous Improv as your feature act 8pm show!
Thanks for thinking that our set is awesome!
yes it does! So I can be all hype beast. Even though it I really am not.
RT URGENT NEED: Looking for an Account Mgr/Project Mgr with Ad Agency experience. Someone who has worn a lot of agency hats.
Today was a great day. All I can say is thank you all-
your lame
Green Day - Good Riddance
wasn't even that
I agree... he was way past drunk. i love drunk cena
Getting ready for work
wow! That was quick. Hope you're starting to feel a little better.
should be here by next week.
We will be live on Good Day - Fox 4 on Feb 23 starting at 8:40am! Be sure to mark your calendar!
get a life homes, niggas hackin
RT #Bring1DtoSanFran. Get it trending guys(:
second question who did tito beat too win his LHW title and how many times did he defend it
What's up world :D
If tomorrow all the things were gone, I’d worked for all my life. And I had to start again, with just my family and my fight....
Talked to him on the phone . Realized how much i love him and missed him
So they made a 20 foot musical score set piece?
we might need to let kids connect to the printers. have 1 free standing for kids bringing their laptops and there's a long queue
Only if you eat it with a runcible spoon.
I hate rest days! Drives me nuts!
Lol I love when my dad tries to ground me. I don't think he fully understands what a 'grounding' is.
u kidding? You would've made a sailor blush! (Possibly even Reza!) Let's hope today doesn't come down to a bad snap...
your just now noticing youve been slacking on your tweeting.
he's doing exactly what he needs to do.... Make management make the difficult decision
is it sad that i actually thought about that once?
CARS Pick of the week: Public Art Party: Beverly Hills and Renegade Craft Fair LA. To receive CARS Pick emails, email
will do <3
lol me too
things are good. How r you? Been doing yoga everyday, gaming, writing and gigging. How's the fam?
love it. I will probably see them in AC.
“The great use of a life is to spend it for something that outlasts it.” ~ William James
HOOPS: Lot's of Houston-area athletes competing in tournament play today. Will have some updates later.
Everyone and there baby moms are here lol
When I think about you, I think about 17, I think about my old jeep, think about the stars in the sky, funny how a melody sounds a memory<3
No one's opinion deserves a gun.
MTSU, duh. you go to TSU, right?
Greinke will end up with a no decision. His ERA is now down to 3.35 on the year.
Kyle Anderson is too smooth!
there was humor in my tweet... You missed it. I want Shabazz at UK. Who's side are you on?
Feeling groovy
Yes its still going on ..30 cent beers are still here until december 30th, come on in and see us..
*heading to a boat tour* mom: there must be a lake. Everyone has boats here. Me: well, we are going on a BOAT tour, mom.
My big plans for the afternoon involve making rice krispie treats.
Starting to get real busy.
jim, its don k not sure I ever said that lol
Staying awake through sheer force of will.
definitely Peeta and he would have an #epicfail in the arena :)
hve u met ny famous people lately? Or ny amazin animal adventures?
I say we google this nigga address and rape his wife
What a beautiful weekend we had! What did you do to soak up the sun?
at least i didn't think so lol :p
how do i get your fanmail address ? <3 4
Hey Soy un seguidor Yiyo. Soy Dominican y viva en Milwaukee. Esprit sue ten ga tuna excellent temporary rate a?no.
just got out the shower (:
#QuestionsLesbiansGetAsked Why do you hate men?
where you are?
yes indeed
Good morning!
I might become a patriots fan! NO LIE!!!
Don't forget to register on the forum so that you can join in the live chat on Wednesdays.
is just adorable
Shopping again today!
*intrinsically appealing
The holiday party invitation is quite possibly the best thing I've seen all year.
Who's bright idea was it to schedule cinco and the derby on the same day. Sheesh!
so proud!
yeah uh huh sure rude
Yes I'm annoying ! But I can't help it lol (:
hopefully you had a great show!
let us know if you have any last minute questions or need any additional info! :)
Hamas goes to Medical School!!!!! Hamas leaders are now posing as DOCTORS to hide in hospitals. Nice - real nice.
thanks for the RT, go
Thanks for coming in today for a Bloody Mary!
RT Call to Prayer: Thank you, God, for the gift of your spirit, which brings hope out of despair and new life to each day.
any chance prez will tackle the faulty assertion that America is a business?
Creepiest #SNL monologue ever...
s/o to big tuck for not gettn on tha album lol...nigga we got E-class from swishahouse and neph ha! its gravy album a klassic!
Hello, lovey... S'up, yo? Keepn busy? Fun time on set the other day, eh? Lovin' this pic ya got here! Nice!!
HB 1228 passes House Education Committee.
just overheard my waitress say, "yeah I go to planet fitness, but, I meet all the hot girls at golds gym"
my phone is a POS :/
I'm watching a dude put on George Washington make up.
Why are window shares and blinds in the flooring dept and not in the window dept?!
Taking a break between Dharma Punx, kitchen cleaning, grocery shopping and Food Not Bombs. Shmeekend.
I love my momma
You are the sum of the 5 people you spend the most time with. Choose wisely.
Coming up on Fox @ 9 we're talking to both sides of a police bust that got an officer shot... and the splain'n Marina is going about our WX
Drugs just mashing the ball tonight.
hone....miss ya
Anyone who is following me i am following him back
hi brb
I jus thought sort of more than a friend thts all
sorry did u get my dm?
yes! In 2 hours I'll be on a plane on my way to Gatwick Airport in London!! :D
First time I really sit down with my phone in PCB, gotta tweet my ass off
Join us for our last meeting of the semester as we introduce the new eboard..see you at 5pm in CE268
I've eaten so much food this weekend.
Nothing changes until you change.
what up bro! Man everything is gravy! Im learning a lot and have 2 more weeks of my 6 weeks training period so in good. How r u?
PickUpLine: May I pleasure you with my tongue?
Hello, we are a horror punk band and big fans of yours.. We would like to send you music to put in one of your movies.
Linda - you're always invited to our gatherings!!!
"Sarah Phillips" is really the old dude from Home Alone who salts the streets at night.
Sending out #EDUthanks to the entire #highered community. You are a constant inspiration to us, and push the entire team to always be better
don't forget wife to a broke SW too :)
man I dnt know how to Dm from my new phone. N u took mistake the wrong way. Smh. I like how my hand is getting exposed doe
Waiting at Starbucks. I guess she's running latte.
Exciting week ahead! Free show Friday at bunkhouse and open mic on Sunday.
i understand but don't be stingy with the talent! The world needs to hear it!
#NP "I Walk The Line" a cover from Chris Isaak's 'Beyond the Sun' album.
We need only two things to change: want to change and believe we can....
Serious as Hell, my friend. I am seeing that in theaters. Terrible sci-fi is finally getting the respect it deserves.
Love the kids choice awards #1Dshouldvebeenslimed the 1D should have got slimed but there to HOT to get slimed
RT : Cowbells ringing and "SAC-RA-MENT-O" chants going on in front of Power Balance Pavilion! Let's go!
V3? Cool, he seemed a little cheesy and not hard like Black, but I'll check it out when I look at more stuff.
Forgot how horrible it is to drive to work before a Huskys game. Bunch of idiots.
I'm not gonna run after you.
Attn barefoot hipster assholes- i am going to start breaking glass bottles on the sidewalk. you are all on notice.
Looking forward to serving with you.
cops kicked everyone out, so people are obviously driving home drunk. stephanie didn't drink a single drop, so we are safe!
hey, Im not the one the career services ladies have a crush on. We'll talk after they start following my fb posts.
If you have nothing nice to say about someone, say nothing about them at all!
good save =)
Ohio gonna pull it out???
are parallel dips something special or just regular dips?
Yellow Light Maybe live tonight at National Underground in NYC..8pm! Get there to see our good pal Brooks Lee Wood kick things off!
#PeopleShouldStop forgetting to schedule a wax, stay on track and stay smooth longer!
I'll be there tomorrow from 1-5..maybe we can meet up :)
Loving the ATX again...
First day on a new boat
Religious situation in Kazakhstan is in pre-crisis state: IPS - Tengrinews
Chilling can't complain at all. Lol need to get you in the studio.
At the studio prepping for today's #carlsononthelaw show airing at 11 am
Russia's richest man, Mikhail Prokhorov, announces deal to buy controlling interest in New Jersey Nets. So much for JayZ.
I was just impressed she's my moms age dancing hard! Fun!
me too..even as I sip on this coffee :/
Well there goes the #PerfectGame at #MillerPark tonight!
I'm 100% me in front of EVERYONE, I never try to be anyone i'm not.. I don't have to change for someone
you:hey cutie! me:who are you? you:your soon to be boyfriend me :no!your aint as fly as you think you are you:oh me:bye!
Go Dj thanks for the follow :)
Sorry we missed you this morning - I hope you got your goodie bag so you're set for the start of season!
thanks man! Glad you're digging my drumming style. Post some vids of you playing HW on rock band or on real drums! -
This is clever. Food problem solved.
thank you
it will. Like...everything lol
The longer I go without coffee this morning, the faster my chipper-ness disappears... I wish my friend would hurry up!!
hey .. if we haven't slept yet.. is it still technically ?
vented to for about two hours striaght... so thanks
SEO evangelist - More than one time I have taken the time to explained step by step to business owners how to improve their online marketing
Great to have you here. Enjoy!
when do u work again?
: Hey Lori, I have been working so hard and working so fast to get to all my assignment, the lens can't get wet! LOL
Coffee-flavored yogurt is disappointingly gross.
who was it
no don't say that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
I've never found watching men shave particularly sexy, but watching Don Draper is sexy. Probably because it's Don Draper.
im just a black kid creeping
Forgot how good Mr. Rager is!
TW TW TW. I am so completely and absolutely excited to see this concert it's almost unreal!
please follow . That's all I'm asking. Just press the follow button & maybe stalk her tweets lol. :) <U+E328>
I am 40 now your almost 80 tell me how the next forty will go. Fiesta Yellow rose of Texas via con Dios
& gr8 friends help U clean up afterwards! RT : "Real friends help U hide the bodies." She speaks the truth!!
Happii been n a good mood all day
Is there a way to do a Facebook poll, limit it to one response per FB user, and not show the results? I'm stumped. Help!?!?!?!?
has been enjoying coworkers' responses to lunchtime poi and hoop practice, and just might make a few converts.
he will be back, they spent a1st rounder on him
SMART tech just released 10.7 for the SMART Board Yeah!!1
Congrats & happy anniversary!
thanks for following me!
Paul #Answer couldn't get as much in as he should have!
al drunk
Bout to do some work.
My "thatcanbemynexttweet"s will not load omg.
Yes - Shoot for the stars because if you miss at least you'll land in the trees not the mud...
Todays the day where all do wanna do is cry....
Oh, for sure. 'Course, both these kids were ignorant as they come. Both weren't even 20yo's yet.
Just nailed WIS -20.5... Are you ready for another easy winner?
I want to meet and greet you tonight. Could I get 2 tickets for the show tonight? Penelope Hormerte
having much love from USA And Canda
Fun seeing #Sherlock episode on large screen after peering into a small notebook to watch the DVD previously!
Davis has a little hitch in his step. Next minute should be telling.
tonight * whenever they're going FUCK
I consider it a success when I bump into the car behind me only three times while parallel parking
Can't wait to be in the studio again tomorrow! We are home!!!
love you too and i might have to do cheerleading if i keep taking blows to the head that make me have to go to the hospital.
Congrats!!!!!!! glad to see you as a bill for more years!
how old will I be when I die? Do I turn out alright?
Da Game show is soo not da same anymore but I still love it
that sounds good
You are such a song bird. I truly enjoyed your performance. I wish you the best.
they were lost in time
send it to me, i'll happily eat 'em
Reliable of Milwaukee is looking for a full time Production Order Coordinator. Please send me your e-mail address and I will forward the jo…
Love your bio.
I'm jealous every time I go to hockey games at staples
All conference proposals all the time: #BostonEMP workshop tonight, work on my own 2012 ideas, now reviewing for 2012. Whew!
i bet you eat a lot of bananas
Bigamy is having one wife to many, monogamy is the same...
how often?
Yellowtail Dam on the agenda for this afternoon.
im following
.We are hiring drivers! Interested? Send a an email to carrie at wehaveyourfood.com for more information!
I asked what she wanted 4 lunch this a.m. I heard veggies & hummus. She thought I had pizza. Just got her lunch, no pizza. :(
Struggle-bussing hardcore with this nail polish! OPI > China Glaze
Slovakia country profile
I fap to
Best concert EVER!!! love you
What does Michelle Obama and Lady Gaga have in common? Both are photographed in todays NY Daily News wearing gloves from LaCrasia
Well dang! What happened?!
come in and get screwdrivers for à dollar..........
will give it some thought and let you know.
Who now has Android 2.2 on his Droid Incredible? This guy.
AND EQUALLY BEAUTIFUL & STUNNING N.Y. HOUSEWIFE SONJA MORGAN. HERO TO 4 LEGGED CREATURES EVERYWHERE.......!!!
Good call. I looked for one before and didn't find it, but got it now! Thanks!
Poor thing. If some guy can send you a tome analyzing online dating process, why can't you send him a detailed application?
made the ride height ?
The TD Garden is the only pro basketball arena I've been in – was there twice for 2010 Finals. Got caught up in that series.
for this Christmas in my school some schoolfriends will sing mix of songs - ALL i want for christmas is u and other
RT : Do not abort ur mission. Stand firm when things begin to shake.
Deloitte U will use social networking to enhance the learning experience enabling learners to connect with one another.
Busy day ! Get glamorized with me!
I'm on the porch!
well someone told me about this program I can download (i forget what it is) and I downloaded it onto my laptop
Man! rly considering skipping my last class. had exam last time whats the chances of a quiz today? Its too nice to sit inside 2 more hours!
Things are really setting in, just hope its not gonna be to late...
Thanks for the follow :)
yes, at lunch, in back of room, to left
That was awesome.
I don't even remember falling asleep yesterday
Fake people ^__^
thank you! Succinct honest brevity is my specialty! Hey isn't BS located right around the corner from us?
thanks and very curious to try; of all white grapes, Chenin takes SO2 in a funny way (at least, I think so).
Two auditions next week!
yeah austin.. we havent talked to you in forever :(
I have new follower on my Twitters! What's up, (chandanweb)?
"Helen Keller was a communist."
Who? How? The revenue is reinvested to subsidize poor women. No one pockets the money. Ignorant.
Sushi lunch date
Little Vagina on the Prairie
Marvel Only Tournament Tonight! Message me on XBL: BEATDOWN Stream. I will add you to the brackets.
But of course! Looking forward to more. Cheers –
its really the happiest place love people watching all the smiles
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish! Thanks for all the support!
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
Okay, thanks anyhow
Day 2 of senior thesis presentations for my students (in front of a panel of faculty and the student body) and thy're all killing it.
Has anyone tried iced or frozen hot chocolate? If so, how was it?
I like the simplicity of the logo, but I have no idea what it is. Perhaps b/c I'm not a whiskey-making-person?
DAMN...BABY GOT BACK...
Member ticket reservation is at noon tomorrow (Wed) for Fri's epic matchup with Philly. Be there. Still some left to buy, as well.
looks like I'll be spending my Saturday morning doing live #socialmedia coverage of a puppy training class in Springfield, VA
Did you hear that thud? It's the sound of darkness falling--at 5 pm. So long daylight savings time, we'll see you in April.
Sorry too say it , I don't wear any makeup . My face is just cleaar .
Taught my 4 year old brother how to dougie.
I've been following you for a month and you still haven't followed me yet? *sheds tear*
Baylor has now doubled us up, 48-24. Can't believe I just typed that sentence.
I have decided I will visit Mayfair tomorrow it sounds so good
okayy then clue me in on what we're doing because I have no clue
left me . AND Jerome. i feel no love </3
Thanks so much! Let me know if you've got any good book suggestions! Trying to sort out setting out channel partnerships now.
Thanks for the #FF mention! Hope you're having a great weekend :)
Starships were meant to fly. Hands up and touch the sky<3
Closed another annual open enrollment session. Thanks to everyone for making it happen!
section reverted to such eloquence as "suck it, Milwaukee!"
Helen Tibbo attributed "make it work" to someone other than Tim Gunn - sacrilege!
#hitwestival where is everyone going? Drinking and hanging!
Who created the Internet?.....A BLACK MAANN! WWW.MYSPACE.COM/MEBRUKLIN
We got yer back, sweetheart.
You are your brothers keeper...learn to care and pray for someone else!
Won't jump off a cliff, but still feeling pretty 'eh' about it.
Until the day I see a blonde guy in a range rover, consider yourself lucky!
thanks for the
get it!
$1 MARGARITAS TONIGHT !!! $1 MARGARITAS TONIGHT !!! #MARGARITAMONDAYS IN THE MIX !! COME CHILL !!!
Wish you were there? Cowboys Stadium for big second half?
Remember the proverbial, "Cleanliness is next to Godliness." Good to keep in mind when considering protecting against Swine Flu.
: watched you play and your amazing. hope you go to win a national championship in college. But win it at KENTUCKY!!
lol I didn't have ur number saved my bad
Aww! Thank you! =D
We lavish on animals the love we are afraid to show to people. They might not return it or worse, they might.
..how come the only way to know how high you get me is to see how far i fall ...
If you are in #PanamaCity and wanna link up, DM Us
#honestly If you sign up to the schwimmies RIGHT NOW make a profile. We will post a pic and comment your number and i will call u right now!
QWiPS will be at ESPN the Magazine's #NEXT event to deliver exclusive event content/celebrate all that is #NEXT in sports.
Cowards kill me. Especially pretenders who are cowards.
Glad I stepped in a pothole on the way home, reaggravating the bum ankle.
Fuckin Showtime. Next friday. come get down. :] at the marquis, hit me up for presale ticks.
#atlanta painters plumbers roofers handyman contractors please follow us and sign up on eBidjob. To find more jobs.Then look for launch.
hi all how are you thing ok but cloudy
MALAYSIA U CAN DO IT <3 <3
how was it?
or "is Your two-year old smarter than Mitt?"
Squawky baby made watching paper sessions hard, ballroom for joy mountford keynote good venue for bouncing her around
say swear.
BRASS BELT BUCKLE!
i got all these haterz man and i dont kno y
The rumors are true. I do moonlight as a cat.
And my sister goes and dickrides .
Me too!
wearing my jacket, being cold and having a lazy IT dude are all reasons for a good Monday ;)
you tell em chest hair!
Christopher Guest troop will be the highlight of the night. But wherewas Michael Mckean?
Tonight I will be making 's Chicken with Balsamic BBQ Sauce! This is going to be good!
NEXT TRACK...
all good things come at good time
6'2 Aamahd Walker of Culver City HS commits to UCSB yesterday what a steal this late for the Big West .
This is a taco, burrito conversation. Nachos!
Hawks win!! Going to game 7! will have the AWESOME highlights &11
As usual, everything is put in proper perspective after birthday email from one of lifeBFFs in China who should have died from aneurysm.
We could balance the budget by purchasing police scooters instead of Harleys:)
I'd like to Thank God for loving me the way he does.
#MLK and our founding fathers refused to take "No" for an answer. Why should the 99% #ows #occupyburque Stand strong!
morning howie! how'd ya sleep?
#OHDAMNSON Its time for the #oldskoolrewind w/
Funny how 2 guys talked about being the best at the table, of course I knocked them out and won the sit-n-go.
I prefer #SF's over FF's anyway! Great to Podcast w/ you!
are you sure thats yo present or do you gots to do sonthing to get it
true true. I need a real job though haha
“: U know the show is going slowly when they tease the Necrology package - 'coming up, dead people!'” lol Bill!!!
Feeling good about my weekend. 1st sunburn of the year. 2 challenging, awesome runs. Started re-reading 2666. Hope the week stays awesome.
OMG thank you ! Your awesome ! :-)
Hey, Dave, I haven't forgotten your consulting question.
The impersonal hand of government can never replace the helping hand of a neighbor. -Hubert Humhrey
You're ONE of a kind, SJ! Seriously :) Can't wait to see the full spread! #Swag was off the scale!
i think something big happened, everyone! there are spinning globes on HuffPo!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!67
thinks I may have a job voluinteer @ 1st but wud then B hired in really excited bout th possibility & it is doin wat I luv 2 do :)
Hate seeing familiar ppl and dont remember where i know them from lol
Beyond grateful that my speed-dial Chinese restaurant is still willing to deliver in this crazy-ass storm.
Thanks so much for the well wishes! And thanks for sharing the internship info. We'll pass it along.
Yea I love dat ass to death but aint no 2nd chance. if i fucked off wit yo friends would I get a 2nd chance? lol gotti told my story haha
Stuff-A-Bus Day 2 is underway! Arlington Heights. Palatine & Rand. AT&T Store. Collecting donations for the Salvation Army w/ !
Hot, cold, hot, cold, hot ;)
does anyone know anything about Bowl of Dreams-the documentary coming out?
Thanks to for speaking last night! We'll post a link to his slides here as soon as they're online.
"Tom's eyes turn from one to the other. A stupid smile plays about his loose lips."- THE PERSONAL EQUATION
Whenever my internet goes down I just think 'Why do bad things always happen to good people?'
#ItsAwesomeWhen me & the wifey got the same week off!!
I've decided I'm not going to start watching a new show until it's in it's 4th season...then there's no heartbreak if it's cancelled early
Under the sea!<3 #pandoradisney lmao I have such an interesting life.
Eating all the goodies my clients are bringing me.. no wonder they need a trainer, they are the best cooks!
The tourney is a crapshoot if we crush the Hoosiers I will be very happy. Back2Back Final 4s after the darkest hr in UK HIST
Happy Friday all! It's been a productive week and I got all of my important work done. How about for you?
Hey! I'm doing great! And I havent released my new Album yet :)
Thank goodness for windy day for #Cubs, or Ryan Zimmerman has two HRs today. Better keep that ball down against him tomorrow!
text: zesmo to 368266 to see what an ad might look like.
Open today from 12:30 - 4 pm for tours & kids activities. Beautiful plants for sale in our Garden Shop!
After encouraging start with ComETS, equally encouraging beginning dialogue with MTAG. Lots of interest in deep collaboration.
In Geneva at a UN press briefing. I feel so important! #united nations
Stay tuned: Updating Content & Scope page to explicitly state #DPLA is considering e-book content.
Our challenge is that there is no informal learning at my org. Need a big culture shift!
It's the liberal arts one. I think people actually get their name called at that one? Enjoy your graduation party.
If i was demi, omfg. I would have been crying.
Chris Paul puttin the team on his back right now
Oh, and none of the copies of *redacted* have EVER seen the regular shelf because they've been on hold. They're stolen from the HOLD SHELF!
Tonight's pretty little liars was not as good as it was expected to be!! Thought they following the books? Can't wait till next season
It wouldn't even let PayPal take the money out of my account for a UK-based business transaction.
Coke will feature video of 2 animated polar bears during Super Bowl on micro site – 1 NY scarf, other NE – reacting to game in real time.
"wasnt he on #BarneyMiller? :-) : When is #Carp coming back?"
Remember that funny joke you told ur listeners in Sept? The Angels. ha ha classic
This is what we love to hear!
Yes! Wife surprised me with an iPhone to replace that incredibly frustrating Samsung Gem
RT : The Pres speaking at Ohio State today: “Its time 2 stop a taxpayer giveaway 2 an industry that’s never been more profitable.”
I think your twitter account got hacked. I got a SPAM message from you. May want to reset your password.
I pulled a pedro moment today and cut my hair by myself.
is at OIA awaiting for my biggest gift this year..luv u JLB
It's up to you!
I made sure I got home at a mildly decent time from the wedding I officiated last night, just so I could read the early this AM.
it's officially ignore jess day i swear
yea theyre coming in as we speak, but soaken wet!! poor blake looks like a drowned rat..lol
lmao I can imagine that :o
set out for adventure with the end in mind; plan & continuously think of the BEST case scenario for the present and future
Lmao Bro Mad!!
what?! We've had 2 of them in this smallass town for years..
Students don't forget to take time out from studying for YOU time. Especially all you engineering majors ; )
what are you up to in Taipei? How long will you be there?
My mom says she has a DMB ticket for me for the 9th if I can get my hubs to stay w/ kids. Probably never happen
There are TONS of ways 2 battle ur Quarterlife Crisis! Check out the 4 girls blogging how @ stratejoy.com 4 some inspiration!!
email me at and i'll send ou the information. let me know when you email me so i can check it.
thanku so glad ur a fan. Hope ur having. A beauitful day
“: I love my makeup and weave but I don't wear it cause I have to” WTF?
man, I feel the same way.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
I really don't. Know what to wear
make sure it's not a paper jam.
RT “: It was our pleasure! We had a ton of fun helping out!”
Winston Churchill said, "never, never, never give up." Every day is a good day to fight to
#digpres Thanks George and Cassandra for breaking down mechanics of audio and digital preservation for us! Good stuff.
“: So many kisses.”iIn Football?
#MISTLETOE IS NUMBER ONE ON ITUNES .. nbd.
are you kidding?! guys arent allowed to shave unless they're on a swim team!! this is what happens when we dont talk -_-
The Voyeur was pretty fun last nightt : )
denny's <3
you want my opinion? I think the neck tattoo was a WONDERFUL idea...
So thankful for this journey #LA #Blessed #Humbed can't do this without God
Once thought that smoking was the nastiest & most inconsiderate of habits. But now that we have chain-smoking neighbors...I'm certain of it.
I got accepted into college James!!!! it would be great if you replied
perf - then we can be BFF!!!!
Applying for a job at Target. I I get it, I'll be a cashier. :3
Huntsman quotes Pres. Wilson: "be a person of your time and history"
avi looks nice!
worked at Scottys and mowed the lawn
I really hate emailing people with gender neutral names..
That's McConnel's department ... in the reptile section...
me too!
happy monday//yuck to the rain but yay for friday bc will be here!!
Jane Wyman~ The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
That's it. I'm cleaning my desk this week.
Sing something from Camp Rock PLEASE !!
some weeks, John Hamm's strong jawline is the only certainty in my life/thing keeping me sane, I swear
Love your stuff! Can I get a little love back?
have you considered state benefits, industrialization of cannabis? Tourism? if cannabis legalized.
i see you guys on ABDC
Congrats to JHU senior LB Ryan Piatek for receiving award from Brooks-Irvine Mem FB Club for Most Outstanding player in D3 from S. Jersey.
You start to be able to know by the lack of tang in your farts...no spice....then turds are nigh
getting strep the day before my birthday and two days before the play is seriously just my luck.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
- Oh yeah. Who? Jeff and Russell?
Deli counters are the worst.
That's good he's home , Chemo does suck... Hope he gets better soon! I'm gonna pay u guys a visit over at Fed Ctr mid Jan!
Ugly run this morning :'(
#FlyUnion is the best group ever
Davidson speaking:Games aren't just fun-fun has a half life. Need pleasant discomfort.
“: “: #Cancer - a lady in the street, a chef in the kitchen and a whore in the bedroom.” ;D LMFAO!!” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
What! Were can i get a copy of that? Id like to see that
All You Can Eat Wings what? Seriously. Why aren't you already here?
Bright sunny day in the metropolis, what activities should I get into? A picnic, a stroll, ok ok cup of java at an open air cafe
You're welcome for the follow. Thanks for the mention.
#youknowsomethingisnotquiterightwhen you have more tweets than followers.
text me babycakes!
plans to change PAts defense to 4-3? Since that is what they play now. Disappointed to not have Hayens and Wilfork on field
I WANT RED MANGO MEOW
that was my reaction
the parts I was still paying attention to were awesome, it was just way too much music in one go :x
I'm thirsty.. and i don't feel like getting up
Ok, 80s Rock trivia. The band Kingdom Come was best known for what controversy?
no I wasn't one of my drivers was though
Touchdown. World peace.
hahaha! I wanna go with a guy! Lol, but no one would probably ask me, so... idk imma go with u and linda :)
I would buy thatRT : I like it! Do you have laser hair removal for high-shedding dogs??? ;>)
Ok Democrats you heard it here first if Vice Admiral Carmona wins the Senate seat in Arizona. Clinton-Carmona 2016!! Thoughts?!
ha ha ha that's true :-)
I can't see my niece again until Friday. Ugh I am going to die not being able to see her!
Handle my light work...
Very productive day.
Fact: The vampires in The Lost Boys are far more badass than any vampire in Twilight. Bonus Fact: No glitter on any of The Lost Boys.
it makes me mad he isn't playing good he back on now I want LSU
So the point Is, don't sneezing while driving. It's dangerous! Also, won't be there to bless you, so really what's the point?
Haha, fine it was good. Happy now?
Thank you Lisa :) LOL...
RT : RT : The trouble is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more. -Erica Jong
The contemporary #art scene in #Mississippi is sparse but you can find some gems if you look in the right places.
How do you fuel for games? Reply or RT with your favorite pre-game meals or snacks
cool. thanks for the input! that definitely helps.
I hope everyone had a great thanksgiving!
5) Liam taught me to never give up on my dreams… no matter how impossible they may seem.
Check us out on youtube
haha really? Someone I know??
you say redneck like its a bad thing
I watched it on TV, so no 3D. But, like, the way they made the movie was so "YEAH THIS IS 3D!" And lol at the Sony thing -_-
ok text me :)
When I try to buy something out of the vending machine and it gets stuck. OKAY. I C.
Did you know that we sell Sonicare toothbrushes for kids and adults in our office? Keep your teeth squeaky clean and pick one up today!
Diane Smith,advisor, Mobile Future, infrastructure key to communication in rural broadband
going to the bathroom and to eat and I really hope doesn't hack my Facebook twitter or desktop background
that moment when retweets you and you can't help but fangirl over it >>>>
no such luck my friend.
a job well done! Couldn't have done it without you! Excited for our turbulent 7am flight back to a Monday of monthly reports
I will do this.
Smh I'm telling mom
Democrats want their govt programs. "Republicans" (neocons) want their programs. Ron Paul doesn't want any programs.
Hi Peggy, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
yea but you good now punk with to white self !
Shoutout to all the Dj's and artists puttin in work in the music game...don't give up ...get better!!!
my mom is too silly this morning smh
go find one
Prepared my first #crockpotmonday at Recreating my internship video and servin' up some chicken fajitas!
these roads are looking very familiar
We'd love it if they did! :) Could be a lot of fun...though we love playing LOTRO as is also! :) Epic story.
I know! I was like 'Damn'
So many Hispanic babies at this $1.50 screening of Paranormal Activity 3. Did I mention it's after 10pm?
Oh yes! Food too
A Monday or Wednesday between 2:30 and 4 somewhere. Google video chat would prolly be fine too. Maybe march-ish? Could be fun.
Stoner Peace - Peace, Love and Getting Stoned! If you agree get this shirt and let everyone see...
Thrift store ass nigga..
Best Picture - I pick THE DESCENDENTS. Nothing compares this year to this amazing portrait of a family in crisis. Great performances by all
#youarebeautiful but your friend looks better
Yes I have an orchid. A cymbidium. :)
The President just made it OK for a few more people to be who they are. May 9, 2012.
hi everyone
Judge now composing thoughts before issuing ruling.
love the website!
please just date.
he's backing down "looks like Harvey did a lot of good work, I just understand parents not wanting kids to be indoctrinated"
Stuck between awake and on my way back to bed. Red Bull Save the day
i need 2 tweet more
Well who's advertising 'weaves' and 'nails'?.. really ya got to trip on that too...I mean 'chicken'...fried too?..Nuccas do all of the abuv
for sure!!! next weekend ill be in DC though, for my college hoco, where i will be pretending im still in college!! next time!
she found a "recipe." Then we had a fight. Now she is cooking. I mean it's flank steak, but still ...
How's the handbell choir going? Intense.
But he's also one of the writers I can't read while in the midst of my own writing. Their prose overwhelms mine--not good.
Sometimes, driving in traffic makes me feel like I'm playing Frogger.
I got the same reaction from stealing a friend's car as a joke. Some people are just humorless dicks.
3rd block I'm with you girl <3 I love days like this when there is no paths. :D
No doubt! ": Hard not to get drawn into the discussion on the CH listserv. RT : Z Burger Sidewalk is quite contegious!
*Glances at profile picture* awww but you're so pure >.> Why is it that u can only see the worst in me
It is Mule Day. "One has fear in front of a goat, in back of a mule and on every side of a fool."---Assyrian Proverb. Happy Friday Eve! :)
- Eff You Ugly , Im Pretty Cute If You Ask Me ( ;
no they didn't
always a pleasure working with you Jim. See you this fall
Man, the news today is just too much for me. I need to stop reading headlines.
omg! Thank God you're ok!
Got our songs ready for tonight! Me and our ready for our duets together! This is gonna be fun!
were excited to play on the 15th! Looking forward to seeing you again!
If I ever get to write with I will die a happy camper.
snort -->“: Santorum is officially announcing his Romney endorsement in his autobiaography, "50 Shades of Grey Sweater vests"”
Lil Kim who????
Hunger Games: not sure if I'm devouring it or if its devouring me. Either way, I stayed up until 3am reading!
better yet, I have people go through my sketch book, fuck the flash, even better...
Coming up at 2PM Ninja Turtles at MOA, War Protest in Minneapolis and St. Pattys Day reports. On
That makes me happy too... Since I'm in an upcoming video game ad :)
#vsa2011 difficult-conversation-phobia a #museum and # world epidemic. We've lost the ability to civilly disagree. Bummer.
toast and butter
uses to be on Mcdonalds commercials... I almost forgot lol
Do I have to grab my car keys, young lady? *stern look*
I hope that this all works out OK. Between the audition and the interview, this has been an interesting 24 hours.
i wonder how true this is? Or - are more studious people in general more apt. to come equipd w/iPads?
where its at 2day
marketing commercial real estate for green industries
Shut up, dumb bitch.
Padriag Harrington birdies 13,14,15,16,18 The broadcast did not show any of it...CBS forcing me to the web ...pick it up slackers
i play the dolphin flute like a champion.
yay glad you got one! :)
sometimes people annoy the crap out of me.
#fact “: it's all about the moderator!! “: Big thx to & who give great panel^””
Know why Santorum's been undercounted in exit polls, Chuck? People know they should be embarrassed that they're supporting him.
Standard Desert Kooler ... You can get em back tomorrow .. Good Luck
Picked up groceries...Carla, I bought the pizza dough!
The Goal- Build a Legendary Empire Why- Cause we strive for Greatness. How- Anything thought can be achieved with Action.
thx for the follow back! I miss One Tree Hill!
Tonight dancers talk about growing up, including Driver's mother sending him to live with grandparents. On DWTS.
Packing, driving, unpacking, will & grace break, and repeat.
No one ever wants to share a urinal with me
You lost that living feeling <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
leave those holiday decorations up til. March like my neighbor!
Happy Easter! Hope you all have a blessed and beautiful day!
did you FB friend me just to show me photos of your flowering backyard?
<U+FFFD> Basically, the only thing we need is a hand that rests on our own, that wishes it well, that sometimes guides us.<U+FFFD>Hector Bianciotti
OMG what a productive day: event @ WGA, met some writers, got another website client, makeup artist, now off to rehearsal.
"...a faja can hold the stomach so tight, Ms. Cipriani said, the wearer loses her appetite." I just lost mine.
Happy Monday! By which I mean, drizzly rainy Monday.
like to see tha clips pull this one out
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Mostly sunny. Highs 62 to 67 near the coast to 66 to 71 inland. Areas of winds west 15 mph.
Pool side
Fridge is full of so much goodness right now...Sour in the Rye, Smoking Wood...had to stop myself w/ MotherFunker!
I hate you,for no reason, but i hate you
been struggling
lol. I wish!!
Woot! RT : I'll be on with at about 11:40 this morning to talk #LGBT #politics and
heard you got a new bike. What kind? I may be in the market.
I wanna bake something.
settle down people relax for crying out loud
God Send Me An Angel Too Whip The Tears From My Eyes ..
what time do we need to be there.
pretty pathetic this bullpen can't get the job done without having to go to the safety valve again
thanks dad. See ya tomorrow.
Back Street Boys al the way!
Going for a walk with my brother
“: Over dramatic people <<<” I love you:)
I second that
Today is going to be a loooonnngggg day. :/
Call me callous, but I have yet to garner much sympathy for those who ask for last-minute research help. Life is about making good choices.
Im at the mall
So strange this kickstarter fund-my-book thing. Don't know whether to be insulted when I'm asked for money or to admit it took balls to ask.
Btw, what's that black spot on the sun? Does anyone else see that?
Making house pizza with toddlers - a 2 hour experience not to be missed!
lol I was kidding to.. The trunk is already full... But honestly there is roof rack!?! :)
The fact that you act like you never even really cared at all absolutely kills me because i did.. more than what i thought i guess.
Yes. Awesome indeed.
About to walk my pooch & listening to J.Lo's "On the floor" doing a few pushups! I know, she's a hot Latina! LOL...What you listening to??
RT : #DearSon ~
u did that on purpose haha
Still rockin at MotoCorsa! Lots of people....400+...and they all been photographed by me and the photo booth!
going to Todd game after that nothing inbox me ur number and we will come after that
I didn't know I had that much strength!
from presenting for my #entrepreneurship class. Advice: "Don't believe anyone - stay true to yourself"
Night jog at Alki, diner at Toulouse Petit, this could become a Saturday night tradition..
I love the way your vintage dress smells.
Mitt Romney to appear on respirator for Honda return to reinstate lawsuit accusing gov't officials say.
apathetic “: “: "Hypopituitarism" is a rare disease that doesn't allow a person to feel love.” ”
caraschatz: HQ shares the pics a few weeks after the conference each year- they are free for DL. Check Connections/SLA Blog 4 notice ...
Iz
Thanks for following! Havent had any luck with the ladies since moving to ATL, maybe you can help in this area?
YaY for your new monthly newspaper + great stopwatch, keeping us on track here at
The dude at the bank looks like a young brian mcknight.
When did it get cool to leave a hat on with the price stickers?
Happy Birthday 2 who I am looking forward to c'ing in Portsmouth, NH 2 wks tonight I Pledge Allegiance to the HAG
what kinda cost we lookin at there?
With at waiting for !!! Woot!!
<U+2641>Give it 2 Mama. So if you want to, you got the green light. Go, Go, Go! Green Light! You holding up traffic! You the king right? Go...
the Dominican center for women.
Join us at 7pm for our Town Hall Mtg at The Associated, 101 W Mt Royal Ave. Our proposed FY2012 budget will be presented for public comment.
awww ok hun well thank you anyway!
Going to church for Kate's 1st communion then to a bomb fire #partymode ;P
thanks brother!!
what are you ever trying to tell me,woman?
Thank You! (: And I love you too Kate, (:
noo i just didnt feel like saying anything
I'm down about 8lbs cause of the counting calories. That's with no working out besides my normal 2 hockey games a week.
Home sweet home.
just an update that we have a new main number. 949.385.0605 give us a ring if you need anything. R5
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Get me 100 followers.
If I pick apart all the lies you're building what'll you have left to stand on? Lmao
My sister is snoring....lmao!
I got mine from the on Sunday!
I got trapped by old friends.
Ah the sun pops out for Bryce Harper's debut...finally
alright I'll take half of them back tomorrow but you're gonna love them!
Hey, can you get me some Q-tips?
Alright... Alright.. Alright!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
have you had time to check out our website? let us know if we can help!
I did! It was awesome, and two of my fav songs were on it!!!
You never fail until you give up.
miami first
RT : I would wife jada stevens, no questions asked.
just trying to network on twitter....
#PlansForTheSummer Summer School almost EVERY DAY ugh...
Enjoy the rest of your day!! I'm just getting ready to go to bed!! :)
Just to be sure, that is , from , and I am updating my profile pic.
we gotta tlk ASAP
cioa bella. Just saw your note. I am great. Miss you
Mahalo for including my posts!
Just started following, but congrats. Happy to make any recommendations in Atlanta...also a transplant from Northeast.
Neednew speakers in my car thanks to theseguys> && #speakers=blown
Okay there has got to be somethin to do in paragould today
And now, into the Metro!
Wow for real u got a stalker wat the fuck
Bitches will be bitches.
Not as glorious as you might have dreamed. If I ever meet Bob Newhart I will have a few things to tell him
It's true. I work with the most genuine, wonderful and gifted people I will ever meet. Thank you,
I'm gonna put my phone on airplane mode..then throw it in the air and watch it fly.(:
wuts your address, I might roll thru
Verlander mindfuckin these indians with no lube
With a love like that;You know you should be glad.
oh my
Video conferencing meeting provides face-to-face communication but several most advanced equipments are used for the communication & meeting
I like players on the team it's baseball I can't deal with... Takes too long.. Not enough action.. IMO
Having a 89% B+ the week of finals and being so close to having an A- <<<<<<
I'll be playing with at Carinos next to Fayette Mall 7-10 tonight. Stop by and see us-BH
Waiting (im)patiently for final semester grades to be posted... I already know one, need to confirm the other one.
Being in love
I love youu.<U+2665>
Just fixed 2 bugs - "Edit design" is now under the "Profile" link and the reply button is fixed - reported by - thank you
There's a lot of Latin to be read.
I'm big on promises I don't care how small it is you better keep it when it comes to me cuz if you don't your word means nothing to me
HEY !!! WILL YOU PLEASE VERIFY HE FLIPPEN DESERVES IT!!! HE'S EVERYTHING YOU CAN IMAGINE<3333333
My birthday is on thursday!!!!
OFCCP regs, which focus on hiring vets & PWD, "break down barriers to effective & diverse workplaces". Is your biz ready for an audit?
Always great to see my #Buzzation peeps!
Balloons last night.Balloons this morning in the parade.Amazing dinner in hell's kitchen.Most grateful for spending this with my family xo
Girl: There were no slaves in Africa on Prisoners of War.
Thank you for listening!
1,007! Woo! 1,000+ people like what we're doing! We love helping people live, work and engage in #Detroit!
just gonna spend the rest of my evening fantasizing that me and are in love.
One final left!!!!
Guys, I'm feeling totally gutted. I forgot to open the Bailey's on Christmas. ::tear::
I be going hamm
A pessimist is a man who thinks all women are bad. An optimist is a man who hopes they are. ~ Chauncey Mitchell Depew
Only 15 more minutes of work- then bikram class-tg!
Just smoked with my little brother. Awesome. Haha
yupp next time they play is weds. && i <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> they win
My nephew has downloaded all these games. I'm throwing tomatoes and papers balls in trash cans and peoples heads.
In gonna kill u u dinasour beachn bitch!
Showbiz morning hangin' with and Awesome guys!
No one will hear from me I'm going MIA
sorry to hear about Spartacus, I've been through that, it's very exhausting. I hope Sparty is ok. Give him hugs. #Love dogs!
As much support as you guys can give Occupy Pittsburgh today -- They are picketing the bank on which their camp is located.
Wishing you a sweet and sublime solstice!!!!
they could, but much like the tattoos themselves, they probably wouldn't show up.
"Where do we come from? What are we? Where are we going?" GAUGUIN, inscription on one of his paintings...
Oh no. Charles just picked the Lakers to win. We're even more f**ked now.
Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.~ Bo Bennett
Our goal is making our clients happy and their lives so easy that they actually forget all about us - and just focus on building their biz.
David Gregory called PRESIDENT Obama SENATOR Obama on the Today Show...when will they get it? Or WILL THEY? **Their President also**
Thanks, Carly. Love to hear specific feedback. Glad you enjoyed!
Merry Christmas to all our alumni, students & faculty from Pastor Kevin & the College staff!
Buttons Family, help us out...who has seen Think Like a Man please share your review!
Dictators ride to and fro upon tigers which they dare not dismount
And now we can play all the vinyl we insist on acquiring despite not actually having hooked up the record player.
Marketing is math now - successful people are analyzing data flows
YES. I had to stop, and I don't even know if I'd hit half the comments.
Dont get me wrong, im excited to go back to work today, but running on three and a half hours of sleep isnt ideal
A real man can stay loyal to one girl without getting sidetracted by easy hoes.
Learn not to know.
It's rained for 2 days straight.. what is going on?
Hello, John. Great Mothers Day message. I am in LA first week of June. Hope to meet with Bishop Blake. West Angeles COGIC.
It has housed the senate and the House of Representatives for almost two centuries.
. bought an Alan (The Hangover) bobblehead in Vegas. Tonight, it started talking without us even interacting with it.
Its too bad I wasn't Speaker of the House, I'd have impeached Prezbo without hesitation! Must elect Congress with integrity and courage
I Like The Oreo with out the Cream
#Lovin' #life and, #im #living #life too th #fullest #:) CieraMariexoxo
Thanks, GF. I'm tired of the skanks playing games just to boost their numbers.
Attention Families! In June Milwaukee Public Museum is having a slumber party where you can learn all about the great state of...
Happy Earth Day! We should always have the earth nice, cleaned & recycled! Plant a tree!
I need to get up to speed on the Angels, time to see what has been up to in the desert (AZ not PS, that is)
I def will :)
OK - I am over the Pacers/Heat game. Chalk it up to
LAST DAY TO SIGN UP FOR IGOOPON'S PROMOTION. DONT MISS THIS CHANCE BEFORE THE SERVICE OPENS AUG 1 TO RECEIVE YOUR $5!!!!
Airport run.
Clear alcohol is for rich women on diets.
American Apparel?! :( RT Get ready to say goodbye: 10 Brands That May Disappear in 2012 yhoo.it/jxvdNR via
School librarians: do you have a favorite educational e-book provider? Looking to expand my collection
next year preconference workshop on how to fake an online fan base?
When u send those messages and it feels like they don't care, that they dont understand.
Specyph what you Believe
-- Did you post the job opening on monster?
thats an awesome idea!!!
& Morning Coop! We gota link up
Um yeah, you think the NHL wants Pittsburgh to win this game??? #MakeACallSIR!!!!
l hate the way we live today, so l see you tomorrow.
not that I know of, but depends what bldg he's in. There's a lot of us around here lol. But hi nice to meet ya
today feels like a friday
I love that Michael J. Fox is adding spice to tonight's episode.
“: #Gemini loves it when people they barely know connect with them. It never fails to win their heart.” Yes Yes I Do!
Thanks for the RT.
Uploading! Should be up in about 40 minutes. Stay up late y'all!
Time to read 100 pages for Art History class. It's actually really great. Glad I'm older to appreciate the arts.
Congrats to all the founders in TechStars Cloud! We love all you guys, and had a blast going through the program with you.
but you're right and it gets bound up in feeling like they themselves are being rendered obsolete and that's not true at all!
Lillie and I just got closer today ... Think im going to start calling her my step mom now haha :)
just checked my ship date and it got bumped up to April 2nd, could be magical timing
What will #OurResponse be to #humanrights abuses against others? How can we make a world free of #torture if we don't *all* get involved?
i bought new mechanical pencils and on the bag it says "10 PENCILS!" but i got 11, haha whos boss? me
Girl you make my speakers go boom boom Dancin on the tailgate in the full moon
- I believe Ziggy was also in Generation Kill. HBO must have him on permanent retainer.
Go Credenza Crazy! www.midcenturymobler.com
====>>>> Those are the people with great tweets and follow backs you know what to do! [*0*]
Cute dress..looks familiar;)
Finally a backlash of food posting pictures starting on Twitter.
Had a great time playing paintball with and on Monday! Thanks guys!
Do Roman paramedics refer to IV's as 4's?
Happy May Day!
See you soon!
#ImHappyWhen when ur happy & of course when I shop!
It’s a bummer that the Muppet Show as it existed wouldn’t happen these days.
Hello Scott: Thanks for your interaction on Reverbnation and here on Twitter. Thanks again, Robert
When somebody in class tries to make a really funny joke, but everybody else is just like, ". . . Get out."
today has been mucho exhausting.
how is next Thursday the 12th for dinner & drinks??
yeah. Unfortunately my mom won't let me go. :/
Procedural vote on bill cutting oil subsidies is 92-4, but only 'cuz GOP wants to spend the week trashing it
The playoffs gone be interesting
So #askSarah is trending...obviously meant for me. Ask away :)
Congratulations to Xue & Sue Vue! It's their 6th anniversary as a Jan-Pro Franchise owner! Thanks for keeping Sacto's businesses clean!
I'll try if he notices me.. Hahaxx
yay!! =) <3 you should totally check out my music?
Wow! helped us raise $70K for college prep at our gala's live auction! That'll help a LOT of students achieve their dreams!
---.~! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
omg cant wait
What a nice spring night
Don't be yourself for others, let others see you be yourself.
Maybe he's confused? Thought it was HORIZONTAL stripes that were slimming.
Upcoming flix at USC this semester: Kill Bil Vol. 1 & 2, Trainspotting, Clerks, Madonna: Truth or Dare...not a bad selection <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Sign off for the night. #CelebApp and choc chip ice cream await. XXXOOO to each of you!
Matt Light, Gonzo --I get it -- but why is the local media not talking more #Celtics?
I agree QT : It very important to take care of ur body
Sunday she's all ribbons & curls
You don't have to ask for permission to be awesome. True story.
Lucky you!! :) RT : Meeting my ideas happen A true blessing you love what u do, I count mine every day!
4 more weeks until DeadPro rocks out Cosmic Charles again!
And that was a true story lmao(: haha happened to me today!!
'They'd rather steal than work'--British citizen's description of looters in her city sounds a lot like the philosophy of corporate banks.
#NowPlaying Justin Moore "Til My Last day"
Thanks for the great info about #boxee ! Austin
#TradHome excited to see you at Lenox Hill tonight, Stacey!
Ugghhh! Unleashed/Magento integration is hassling me tonight!
Hi Bobby, great question. $20k cash in Las Vegas will buy a nice Hyundai. :) Condos start at $30k, houses at $70k.
I've never seen Glee. Do I need to have a seat? :-|
Nice! RT : Pirates Home Opener Party. $2 off pitchers. , , , & more
Waiting for the subway ..hear some sort of noise that sounds like a wimpy car alarm.. ..should I help?
omg, NARCOPOLIS! Isn't it amazing?! Mind blowing-ly good. Loved it hardcore.
if we're going to do this, we need to go on a date first...for some reason I'm thinking fried chicken?
“ “ Relationship last when you dont take advice from your single friends and random twitter followers!””
Hey pretty <3 the Getcha Sexy Back in Bright Blue in Small if you have it =)
Need a dress? Any guys out there? We have all Dresses and Menswear 25% off until May 12th!
Amazing rehearsal for our Roxy show! Debuting a super dope acoustic combo, as well as a couple new songs ;-)
Ur so annoying and boring to tweet #I'm out
Hey, thanks for the
U obviously have never been to my hometown RT Why don't you ever see ... horses wearing funny hats, wagering on people races?
lol okay good! I was just hoping you werent making fun of her
Is it even possible to train a cat? Bc mine is being a real asshole right now!!
haha nice :) watching family Guy :p
Good luck contacting customer support. I've been trying to speak to an agent for around 2 hours now.
I just got up not going to work fuck that
Well...we just lost a stupid soccer game....and i officially hate half of my team...i thought being captain would make this year good..
Mine's been down for a week now. If it weren't for the work vehicle, I would've biked to Southfield by now.
Day 2 of
looking forward to seeing those photos. A woman was just in all decked out from GON-gorgeous turquoise headpiece and all.
thanks - and we need to get together when we're back!
XO good morning!
God created you, not your problems... I like that! :D
Clickbank Tutorials - Is FAP Turbo A Scam? Find Out If FAPTurbo Is Scam Or Money Maker
This is beginning to be a waste of time.
The sex appeal >
lol you don't do that on the regular??
wake up at 6 am to go to work, but waiting up for your song! it's midnight here in California!
Happy Birthday to my birthday buddy.
After improving for the first time in almost two weeks yesterday, Mortgage Rates increased back to Wednesday's levels.
wasted 4 hours of the day just sleeping in :/ ugh and my ankle is killing me....i wanna go to track so bad but i cant barely walk!
Were super excited for the #shredathon tomorrow at , come out and support!
this is so undeniably true!
Hey iBeliebNDirect! Thanks for following!
looking at tan girls with perfect body's and big boobs and perfect asses makes me feel like a huge pile of dog shit. fuck everything.
damn you're cute
": "We must always change, renew, rejuvenate ourselves, otherwise we harden." Goethe"
Reading up on stream of consciousness, cool stuff!!
Someone's knocking at the door, somebody's ringing the bell. Do me a favor. Open the door. And let 'em in!
Merry Christmas everyone! Making Some grasshopper crackle cookies!
adding all the bits and bops for the Timberwolf in the parts shop
RT : What to do when there is a blizzard in NYC? Take off your clothers & eat burgers with the Polar Brrrger...
Gna attempt to cook for my mom tmrw
How was Brenda Laurel's presentation? Think that it might have struck a cord - even though it wasn't just about Black girls.
I would but it's so hard for him to get your tweets cause theres alot of people that tweet him lol.
I bet you look fine(: don't worry
Hugh has me in tears tonight. Hate to turn off the radio, but I must.
would love to do that if there was any way to track.
Now listening to and interview on WRAS 88.5 FM!
I would starve to death waiting on to feed me -_-
RT : recognizing complexity will find its way in2 the equation; not an issue w/a simple foundation
Intersession "Elder Robert L. Waller" Father stir up the sound tht wakes up ancient anointings and makes them relevant!
Preventing homicide since 2010 RT : Thanks for being the only Union blog with writing that doesn't make me homicidal
My dad wears camo. On the daily. It's bad.
Man....what u know about Reasonable Doubt!?
The hardest thing about #telemark skiing pregnant is trying to buckle my own boots & bindings. Oh, and walking after 2 days of pwdr turns :)
Ok...time to stop tweeting, roll outta this bed and hit the gym!
I wonder who is the boys from ICONic Boyz first crush was!!!!:))
Being a Mom to adult children is much harder than when they were cute little babies
that's cold lol
I will be more productive in April....April Fools!
Countdown: 11 days,14 hrs to Battle of Atlanta 43; nominate your instructor(s)for Officials Hall of Fame; www.battleofatlanta.info
It's hard being a jack of all trades & master of none when I sit in meetings with Masters who have not worked 2 master their craft.
Hope you are well Bro! Love to you and the family!!!
it's a pretty personal subject
LMFAO at the "Head Wedgie" commercial.
The only thing that can beat Linsanity is Melocrity.
Man I did bro #roscoeschickenandwaffles off the chain RT : Dont hurt yourself bro....lol!
the DH is having himself a game
I can't wait until I leave Oregon.
I hope everyone stays safe!
Other than the awkwardness of running into my ex's mom, this was one of the best nights I've had. <3
Yeah right oh well thanks anyways for being you :) !*)
We're curious... why did you choose the Medifast program?
You are coming out of the land of the lost my love! Here's to another summer of silliness, trips and wiggles ;)
hahahahahaha, is that why? #ihatebeingpretty :P
how's that awkward haha?
Writing music. Recording Music before i go to class so i can have something to do in class.
Inspired me to dye my hair blonde when I was 12, about the same time that my parents first kicked me out of the house.
so hard to believe it's been almost 2 yrs since Lisa Stone went missing. Still no justice, but I will never give up!
can we expect any accumulation of this beautiful white stuff here in Bloomington?
As of 9:15am, back-up on S'bound #JFX extends from construction at 28th all the way back to Cold Spring.. Good thing I'm going North
make sure you explain why iOS doesn't have all the carrier bs
good luck, best wishes!
Lust for lime.
Thanks for checking up out ! Come check out our live show at The 5 Spot in Nashville, TN on 12/08. Should be boogie-licious!
thank you for sharing - i just responded!
you want to
Gerhart for any potential answer to the question RT : who's the better prospect, turbin or gerhart?
awesome to hear about class. Let me know which class ur taking!
Hey thanks Dan!!
Want to volunteer this week? Hit me up.
Mom finally let me drive in the streets alone.
thatmeans i won the standoff
Good call! If anything hit my boy that does ticket sales. Ill tell him your fam.
yea yea. txt me bck
A positive word written is better than a thousand words unspoken. -John Errigo
Thanks a bunch for following. I've always been a believer and have had many experiences with the other side in my life.
Hey, West Va.! Thanks for following.
i just saw this... legit you looked like him
hahaha ofc:-) will you be interviewing the wanted when they are in Chicago Friday ? Or one direction? Thanks!
I just shingled a motherfucking roof.
Wait for the new big SLJ headline: "YALSA stirs controversy with new website policy."
Thank you! I hope you love it!
IT'S DA BOOTY..the condition and position...George Clinton said it best: do the knowledge to Maggot Brain..his intro..word
Absolutely breathtaking!!!!
Thx Coach! RT The Monuments Men describes the efforts to save art and culture during the frantic end to #WWII. Awesome read.
Thank you for a successful 2011 LiveText Assessment Conference..stay tuned for more updates on upcoming events: www.livetext.com
Doing the first of two Ph.D. exams this morning. Should be "fun."
I'm not a big fan of Mondays so let's make it a lil more fun. Who's down to get this trending..? => #DescribeYourPenisWithAMovieTitle RT!
oh & i can't get replaced baby
here, here! Let's catch up!
#Tweegram guess what?? I love you
Cool! What did you have tonight?
Who's MCing? RT : This weekend marks the much-anticipated return of "Pilots Got Talent", Sunday, 7:30 PM, Buckley Auditorium
#NW The Client List
It was very surreal. They were from Florida and came up to see shows, ending in "Bash". I was blown away.
was simply awesome!! So glad Bubba won just a great guy!
Join dean Larry Kirkman at a reception to celebrate 11 years as dean!! 4/18 7:30-8:30 p.m. in the Perch w/ food and refreshments
Dear north carolina i hate yew
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Take No Prisoners! – How USA has treated POW’s
it wasn't too bad. it was a very odd show though. hah.
You can overcome some potential objections with your testimonials. Ask leading questions when asking for a testimonial.
I got a certain lust for life
Totally! I love it.
Words can not even describe how heart broken I am. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Dear real estate agents, calling me Honey is totally not cool. Thanks!
Wow my sis is actually coming to church with us, but that's only cuz its easter smh -___-
Beyond sage and wise words which we need to be reminded of often. It's good to have you back!
First meeting of comics course accomplished: great exercise having them reassemble a cut-up page from Shaun Tan's The Arrival
As I think both parties are in the wrong in this fratricidal war there is nothing comforting even the hope that God may prosper the right.
I understand the caution; so far I've not seen evidence strong enough to doubt his word. He was touting it months ago.
- Sam came to pick me up. Thx!
It's killing me! | RT This is both awesome & agonizing! Bk & forth, bk & forth!
Due in three hours. Working on it.
Hey we'll be performing on May 8th! Plz RT & check us out!
If you ask me, I think they should make the day after the Super Bowl a national holiday ... SO THAT EVERYONE IS FREE TO WATCH 'SMASH'
Updating the ol' resume. Trying to keep it to 1 page but my list of AWANA awards is making that tough...
cold night in Chicago, brrr. Watching the baseball game. Making my lunch for manana.
Today's Sandwich: Ham & Co-jack on a French baguette with lettuce & dijonaisse...served with a cup of soup....$6.95
Power is out in Cane Ridge.
Me too lol
Daydreams may be pleasant, but accomplishments are more satisfying!
And we are going to the 10th
Thanks for following!
It's not thursday, but #throwback; she dont want a man - dynasty <3 <3 <3
woahwoahwoahhhh. "Please don't stop iCarly"?!?! DO NOT STOP IT. IT WILL BE THE BIGGEST MISTAKE. FIRST DRAKE&JOSH, keep icarly, please :(
good call! I've had Glasper on blast
I'm actually not overclocked. For whatever reason, this board will refuse to power on when overclocked.
“: I dont like to get political but Mitt Romney is a embarrassment to our country.” And to all those guys named Mitt.
The 2 LA basketball teams might not make it out of the 2nd round but the Kings are still winning.
#citysoul How do we lift the soul of Los Angeles #nonprofit? 'shut up and listen!'
When a random stranger checks in on 4sq, I like to show up to the restaurant, slide in booth and excuse myself for being late
You're really annoying
I just sent my email to Karen and Steve about that Nashville NACA and talking about BOA made me cry -_-
Here's to your success and absolutely no money going to !
thanks man!
cool! I know they did that for BMW too. Thanks for the tip!
Your a tool.
The average age a child is first exposed to pornography is 11.
Turkish news, translated by a wire service, highlight of my day:
no way the first ones a classic!
I think I need a bigger suitcase.
SKEETONES are back JUNE 10 w/ ProbCause & Dark Colour! AND both floors open all night - Marky C and RSS holding it down in the basement! $5!
A mere three pages away from finishing out the semester.
Crazy long day. 5 hours mixing 2 songs. Helping out an audio engineering class at MMI. Video Editing tomorrow.
Q2: recommended by Sams Club during a twitter party chat
Great to have you part of the #ClearedJobFair #COBOL #C++ #security clearance
WOOHOO! you are going to have an AMAZING time!!!!
thanks! Lots more to go.
Please don't bring it. I'm tired of hearing being a cry baby.
Q3. Most annoying spammers you've encountered
Im so jealous of everyone that gets to g to the zoo tomorrow .
We're not friends; We're not enemies; We're just strangers with some memories
Congrats Rookie of the Year
Any bloggers interested in doing a giveaway please DM us and we'll try to work something out!
: We refuse to allow nonprofits to use the same rules as the business sector in order to balance the inequalities.
Free skin cancer screenings May 12, 8-10 a.m.Lansdale Hospital’s Orthopedic Institute, Michael Stierstorfer, MD other local dermatologists
...meaning they could be trying to keep out bikers and appeal to a more upscale crowd
no sir...? Elaborate?
Have you been searching for an authentic, deeply integrated #SocialMarketingAutomation solution that really works? We have what you want.
The Cat in the Hat makes me laugh daily. This cat is funny!
Is it okay to report someone for spam because of their horrendous spelling?
Stay hydrated. Otherwise, you may feel really tired.
I give yo Page Mad Love This is what im talkinq bout #YOLO<U+2665>
Casey Anthony that kid ho
I'm not asleep! I'm just resting my eyes..
RT Improve yourself by other men's writings, so that you gain easily what others have labored hard for. ~ Socrates
#1DTOURUSA June 2nd Allstate Sect 103 row bb seat 12 Are you the jealous type, if so why?
Let see, I mowed the yard, 3 of us dug the weeds out I the garden beds, and I put the first coat of primer up in the workshop. Now beers.
Thank you & happy holidays to you too!
what kind of pie? I think we might have moaned to you about the dire lack of proper pies over here.
Anyone who sees Homeless Coach RV on streets of Austin on March 3rd and tweets it will receive free Austin original meal in the Coach!
This meeting has cut into my break.
Going to have a good night with my best friend
A link for???
ARSC list comment of the year: "I wish we had someone with deep pockets funding analytical labs populated by people who understood tape!"
Happy Monday!
That is great news!
You the best! Thanks again. SO good talking.
i just noticed how every laker fan from last year became a heat fan this year. all you hear about is the heat
Just started working with a great company, named Greenerprinter.com living and breathing the sustainable business model.
sad to see jonny buckland trade in his teles for strats. and yet everything still sounds exactly the same. hmm.
yes i agree roll up shawty
Happy Friday!
Great #taptalks in DC privacy summit! Tx
I had to go there to believe it. Jesus.
is in search of creative inspiration... Any ideas?
“: "I love your crocs" Said by Nobody, Ever.”
The man who goes alone can start today; but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready. - Henry David Thoreau
Justin Is Our Buzz Lightyear. <3
I seriously can not get ready without music on. Idk how some of you guys do it
OMG i just saw Never Say Never and that really inspired me to put videos of myself singing! hopefully someone finds me <3
LOL I'd rather you tweet it to the Buffet or answer on FB or even anonymously on the website. But I'll accept if you must
#edcampcincy I use Twitter to ask questions of other educators and to invite others to ask me.
yes!!! That's so funny I love it! :)
you pick :D
Good luck with the book. Sounds interesting, to say the least.
@ edna, but again they blogged contented indolence
I might have to talk see if I can talk The Hubby into Netflix. He's not big on subscription things.
Good food in the Amazon Grill
Yep, I obviously did a great job raising him huh? :)
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians? Get a hold of us!
ok that's weird. But it beats an unripe banana and bag of pretzels?
Somewhere over the rainbow peaches are performing a musical.
Panic! At the Twitter.
making me hungry.
just watched "i saw the devil"... way too gory O_O
I'll make your insides, on the fucking outside.
Why am I fighting to live, if I'm just living to fight. Why am I trying to see, when there ain't nothing in sight.
Beer Fact.....Beer is the second most popular beverage in the world, coming in behind tea.
Just proves my theory, Mock Drafts are a HUGE waste of time and energy Believe it! Avoid them at all cost. Don't write them, don't read them
#sigh is making me jealous tonight. Love #theboss !
Oh so now all of us glamberts are gonna start saying ig 'nant? cx
“: Quote of the day: you never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have!”
#BeaverNation is everywhere, even at the airport on my way to Juneau
Happy NY Clay, tough finish and tough day today for Vols. 2010 will be better.
Thanks to all my fans... haha. Oh, trying to keep pace w/you... gonna hit 30 pages this weekend!
RT : Twitter is something some of your school friends find boring yet you are addicted to it.
In a place where I don't know which way to turn.
Me either he keeps buzzing people before they get a chance to do anything :p
OK I can't upload the damn NEW TRACKS on myspace, but they are here: www.ursession.com/rosellaband Please vote for them! Comment blah blah.
I used to have super-human powers, but my psychiatrist took them away..
Coffee. Coffee. Coffee? Coffee!
I definitely agree
such a great idea--do u have a link to this?
Congrats to the class of the ignored for getting call backs :)
Hey you should follow and They are good folks to know!
u said music twice
#IAlwaysWonderIf you even care as much as i did..
your a joke. Nice egg.
Man, I'm headed to the Academy right now!
~I wish I would've bottled up all the tears you've ever made me cry… so i could DROWNED YOU IN THEM!!!~
Sure am glad the election is all about the economy....can't wait for November...sigh
Gahh. Why must everyone attack me? "because its your fsult for having a bad attitude" My bf reads all my tweets anyway. No privacy with him!
yes you should
CANT WAIT FOR YAL TO COME DOWN TO TAMPA
I've always wanted to be an apple
Love it! So excited!
Thanks so much, Frank for sharing Alex's post with your followers! Hope you had a great weekend!!
I think I want to get to know her better..!?
"Can't knock the hustle"
#hth2012 interesting tensions. Digital is not authentic (earlier). Now want to reach public but also fear what public would do with data.
just had a fantastic meeting with musical theater writer. she's got a show going up at yale rep this year.
Off to soccer!! Spider man went to Wal-Mart with me :)
Accept and let go is the first step to moving forward with change
Cool....not only the weather but today's Zany Holiday. It's National Kool-Aid day..take it to the beach: Play in the Sand Day too
youre right about the tweeting!... the ray rice and ryan clark twitter war ended awkwardly
Unbelievable!!! Damn, he is good...thank you Obama!!!
Get the big dippers and the ribs. Request corn bread.
Pedro Martinez makes his Phillies debut tonight against the Cubbies ... does he still have it?
Baseball season.....
Niggas ant shit watch who you trust its not always females
How do you eat your macaronii??? wit a spoon or a fork???
this year will make sense next year
i think it must be some unspoken rule that elementary school clocks are neither the correct time or set to the same time.
hey thank you for putting so much info in such an awesome spot
up.....guess what im doin
Do not regret growing older. It's a privilege denied to many.
you too, sir!
Bravo yourself, Sir. RT : BRAVO
Poor girl's Grammys - no cable - watching John Norris online discuss the awards... Is dude wearing a toupeé?
awe !!!! MERRY CHRISTMAS SYMONEY !!!! <3 WHAT YOU GET ?
missed that tweet you sent! But yes we are classmates in this educational life ;-)
This is a young man's game, so get out the lane.
You nasty boy...
Tried to join a Yahoo group with my Gmail account. Apparently that was a terrible, terrible idea.
Why is it so hard to understand -- vaccine recommendation DOES NOT mean mandate
RT RT I'm so glad im outta high school. << Lmao, I think this ALL the time. I hated it there.
I always enjoy touching base with you! Thursday PM?
thank you:) we're just a local band from Kentucky promoting ourselves before our ep release!
Companies are using #LinkedIn and #Facebook to recruit new employees... Is your brand doing the same?
call it Bucketworks and we share a name and idea with you! Use the name recognition! will help launch!
I especially love listening to an album the day after the concert.
The Indians have taken the lead! WOO!
Hey : RT : Check out charity taking off! Be sure to check out from benefiting
You & your stupid flip flops I would love 2 throw you off a roof and watch your flip flops fly of your feet as you fall 2 your death lol...
I guess it wasnt meant to be
I have a serious case of the mondays through late thursdays.
"He frees the revolver and fires point blank at the guard's back."- THE EMPEROR JONES
My dad is having a BBQ for my mom. Your invited!!!! Please come! You probably can't but can you follow me? And tweet back?<U+2764>
CHRISTIAN! YOU LIKE SPONGEBOB?
Despite ESPN's Boston bias, gotta love
Chloe, thank you SO much! That is wonderful news. I'm so looking forward to your cookbook - grace + peace :)
#FF Podcast I've listened to this week
hey boo
yes, that is correct. :)
Today's the day
Regarding the article mentioned, I hope to be able to finish & post it soon. Let me know if you are being informed & learning something.
Thanks to the Nat’l Wild Turkey Federation’s () Jakes Program for being a great partner at the Youth Fair!
What Jordan expect Paul Silas to do with that roster... He coulda gave em another year, he cash out on bums anyways
I love holiday baking!! Yummy apple carrot muffins comin' right up!
and the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now, next chapter
NCAA Looking into Nerlens Noel ...would they if he didn't come to UK?
Good Morning! All art is but imitation of nature. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
where are you?
spoiler alert hahaha
Thanks for trying. Sirius is just trying to shake down those of us who were lifers.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. Einstein
#Smoothbeats.com in the #ROC #Southwedge Office, keeping energy high and sipping the
that's right, keep em in line!
wat do u need to no??
What is one secret that you haven't told anyone?
Momma bear always looking out(:
Robinson's mother tells me he had walked to a Walmart in Stockbridge. She is with him now and relieved he seems to be ok.
Merry Christmas John!
<U+266C> The Canyon Wren sings in a Chromatic Scale which divides the Octave into 12 semitones, while Hermit Thrush sing in a Pentatonic Scale <U+266C>
No place in the world like good ole SA.
Gotta pay where u lay
2012 17U Uncommon Girls Select Basketball team preparing to make noise during spring and summer tournament tour
yea I followed you lol :]
That's good stuff right there, so true.
Dude, save some for me. I'll be there Friday night.
I'm doing VO work for Pizza Hut, which means I'm guaranteed to be craving pizza for lunch!
That's why you make the big bucks!
Im so excited to see Titanic in the big screen can't wait #althoughihavethemovieathome <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A2>
DM Can you DM me your email address?
Hahaha I love Caris. ;)": Every time they mention Game 6 of the WS in this game, I make it a point to shout "IT SHOULDA BEEN US!!!"
Holy crap I have a LOT to do today. I just don't think it's gonna get done in one day.
Whose gonna be watching the Ufc in fox this evening? What are your picks for tonight?
RT : When someone tells me to RT something, I immediately don't want to. You may take my life, but you'll never take my tweedom.
why can't i ever find ppl from school on twitter :/
Thanks, Martin! Here's to a new year of sharing our deepest beliefs with one another! Thank you for a year of inspiration.
Im sweating buckets..
in need of silence.
EDU Online Community $107.4 Million Awarded to more than 100 Schools that Focus on Serving Latino Students
Saturday with my family , we are go to the beach !
If Obama wins reelection, Israel parliament will force Bibi to resign within 6 months.
Tis the season to be sporty... baseball playoffs, football season and hockey fast approaching!
pfff - i don't need no man to get me ice cream, i'm self serve! hahahaha
thanks love! Britney always looks so fab <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
wonderful! Now you can come visit me! I'll make popcorn...
yes, I have a couple of them. They are comfortable.
ha, oops. Forgot to uncheck the Twitter box in Hootesuite.
and yes, still on nights.
It's gonna be a great show. Coincidentally, I'm listening to your pre-recorded segment and you sound very smart, Bud.
I look down on my haters!
We both reached for the gun..
Huff hit it hard. He just hit it right at the first baseman.
Solo Improv to perform at Hawaii Festival of Improv this Sept! Woot woot!
Last weekend as a high schooler!
Rules for #adtech 1) Don't look up when texting 2) Jeans & jacket 3) No eye contact, just read the badge 4) Say 'social' & 'cloud' often :)
Twitter!! Where's the love? We appreciate our 15 fans, but we need MORE!!
<--- NOT FROM CHARLOTTE.
I smell a partnership! Or maybe that's just trogs shoes!
Attending political fundraiser for my friend who's running as an Independent for Congressional seat in NoVa
You got the swag sauce, you dripping Swagu.
I love the song on the Internet Explorer commercial.
#know12 IT orgs are still clinging to "call the help desk" mentality. Better to encourage self-help, self-service models
So know they are re-scaning my whole order. Been at check stand for a @#$%&*? Hour!!! And I still don't thing #Walmart has it right!
#Kentucky coach John Calipari is the _most overrated coach in college hoops...
Proud to announce, Lynch Exhibits has joined #NSF #sponsorship family! Lynch's stadium #technology creates unmatched #sports experience!
What we need is more movies based on comic books.
Good morning! How are you?
Sender I meant sender the question
Off to work heading north from greenfield ave to cap dr. Am I better off on 45 or hwy 100?
please follow for information regarding your prize. Thank you.
Awesome! One thing (I hate to be "that guy") but can you make it say: BestTechie - without the space. It's a branding thing.
thanks for da love! ;)
Heading To The Barber Shop, Got An Appointment In 5 Min.
Garage Sale-ing on #christmaseve!
You might like my account. Check out the community. :)
ratchet*** it's one t, sweety.
#whatisnttrending The League of Republican Transgender Women Voters.
I knew that God would give Tebow the coin toss. Good thing its not sudden death anymore.
#courtney_love was raped by #TheMuppets? Does that mean Kermit has syphilis now?
Oh my GOD. Honey. I'm so sorry. So terribly sorry. I can't imagine. GIGANTIC HUGS. Like as big as the world.
Critics I love every bone in their heads.
Sweet jesus I love
If your children feel safe, wanted and loved, you are a successful parent.
can't wait for the show!!!!
Coined the phrase #corporatemimosa this morning at work after an all nighter. OJ plus Red Bull equals
A great day.
Probably going to waste my whole day by sitting in my room playing call of duty all fucking day.
It is so beautiful out! Too bad I'm stuck at work
Somebody needs to fight Erica.
send me a private message thing with your first and last name, date of order, and what you ordered and i will ask sam about it
RT : that is called the infield defense Golden Sombrero.
stop teasing just show us :)
It would be pure awesomeness if you followed me.:)
Let me know if u run into any issues...
I'll still be writing sports, but I'll be writing a bit less frequently like 3 times a week as opposed to every day
just became the 3rd player in #NLL history with 500 goals, as he scored his 4th tonight in Buffalo.
werd life!!! Quilt time!!!
#Imagine Zayn texting you:''I really just wanna hold you in my arms and kiss you. I hate the distance! :("
Since that's such a fair trade off.. lol cupcake for job, haha
Cabby single, Prince triple, Delmon double. I can listen to this all summer :) #Tigers #WhoNeedsSpeed?
The "Siri is beta" is 100% bull. You don't run TV commercials of Samuel L Jackson using your beta.
Why is the Derby City Classic Night with the Future Stars in New Albany?!? On a Thursday?????
At least some of us can form a complete sentence and not curse or talk ghetto.
Me and pauly d are ment to be. At the shore he dated a dani and in miami a rocio. My name is Daniela Rocio Guevara match made in heaven <3
where you off to? RT : Not in Dateland, AZ. Maybe this should be Kevin's second location.
Thanks! Rooting for your boys to go to the cup if the Kings miss out...
i agree, every now and then...cause a lot of it is yummy! and certainly convenient!
In case u missed it Ted Thompson mouthed "F" off Bert Favre
it is amazing how much space a 10lb cat can take up when she makes her mind up to do it
I did try it... Clever and cool. Well done.
you guys one of few teams I like 2 C do well but Rogers is KILL'n my fantasy league how bout more RB action! lol
Always go after your dreams
"I Heard It Through The Timeline"
now I'm realizing he ain't you
So tired u forget ur wearing cloths,lightly feel something touch u freak out and then remeber.
Raise your hand if you know what "lake effect snow" is. How bout "barometric pressure?! Yeah... that's what I thought.
Now my pic is epic
Just to be adding it's free again, all of the sirens are driving me over the stern
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen people think I Am What I Am is just a random trending topic, but in fact it's a Jonas Brothers song.
Just when he couldn't get any worse, hits batter with bases loaded?!? Unreal!
I can't wear flip flops if my toes aren't painted..
omg uh my mom can see this i comment on in the fb group wHAT
Probably going to fail the easiest Chemistry test we have ever had tomorrow. I don't feel like studying definitions <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
ohh that sucks
aw! Thank you! That was me! :)
you should come visit us for lunch!?
Feel like I need to cry.
Praying for my family
The fact you want to tell me more about yourself tells me I already don't like you.
Way to go faculty, 90% of final grades have been entered. 10 hours left until the midnight deadline.
Go for it! Worst case, you’ll still have taste, touch, smell, and hearing. Not a bad ensemble…
Ain't no way around it
LOVE JCPenney's new look! Come check out their Every Day pricing!
I love my mommy.
"Be yourself, be original" the best advice
I like a guy who putt his whole entire family before a female.
Ginger Mandarin Chicken, Tea Soaked Brown Rice, Sunflower Seeded Broccoli
~Hello - so very nice to meet you ~ DJ
#YouCuteAndAll but wats going on with your feet...
Sun 9/25 Mark Towns & Tribology at Houston Wine Fest downtown Houston 7pm
How many people on twitter use their government?
I love sitting here alone all day.. Isn't it mothers day?
well dont wanna be a stalker so whats up lady??
he was so serious about it too lmao
the most significant pitch AJ Burnett will throw this year is a perfect strike to someones face with a nice tray of pie today.
luv that song 10 things I hate bout u
thnx, love that placebo article - let me know if you have any time free early evening, before the tweet up
Music to our ears! -The B Side RT : OH MY GOD! there gonna be a music video??? "OK" is my favorite song off the album!
ONLY need 23 followers to break 1000 i follow back come on guys book me up
hello hello I'm here to distract u from your academic duties :D
ugh i feel sick :(
have you turned your Flabs to abs? ;)
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years! Support the socks off it!!!
i have no clue, part of me wants to cuz it was fckin expensive and the other part of me is telling me i look ridiculous
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
FYI, I always always blink. Sigh. It was SO NICE to finally meet you! It's so funny we were put in adjacent karaoke rooms!
Hey chick
no! that don't count! >.<
Why is everybody so serious? Acting so damn mysterious. Got shades on your eyes & your heels so high that you can't even have a good time
“: #CelebrityTwitterPasswords Bieber's was 'mypenis' but it came up as too short.” not funny, Mitch!
Taking Risks in Stock Market Trading
Glad to report I survived... RT : Email Subject of the Day: "Lou is stuck in the elevator." (CC )
So now they cant find Zimmerman??? Wow ok...
RT : #ADP #India Ranked in Top 50 Best Companies to Work For 2012 by Great Places to Work Institute ^LG
Learn about the Sea Stars & the Sevengill Sharks that inhabit the bay, as we tour the Aquarium of the Bay this Saturday (12/5/09) at 5:30pm.
I'll walk away and I never plan on looking back.
Happy Earth Day!
My phone now does everything but function as a phone.
Happy birthday balony!! 21 is ur best years! enjoy it
Erica Lamm is sharing and soliciting tips for creating immediacy (appropriate closeness) in the classroom at
knowing that you will never be good enough but still trying
Wtf!? #nyave #rt.50 W into DC flooded E of kennilworth ave & #BWprkwy w/ no signs, warning or traffic report. (or ferry x-ing)
ringglinglingligngg! Thanks for the follow!! love,
This movie NINJA is awful. If u see it on netflix ... leave it be.
Isn't the definition of "choice" an "informed decision"? If you are pro-choice, how/why is this proposed bill a bad thing?
any friend of blue moon is a friend of mine - pass the orange slices!
Of course you are!! :)
hey hun I wrote you a song maybe one day you will be able to listen to it
“: “: I feel old<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>!!”>>> your getting there lmfao O_o jk”>>just a tad bit lol
I have been up for about 27 hours my record for staying up is 32 hours lets see if I can break this -ProtoSkar
lol! Not sure why but the image of u holding tiny pink t makes me smile!
Amazing save by Martin Brodeur. 40 years old and still getting it done.
OMG. Perfect! i'm watching tomorrow's episode right now :D and ugh we're going to talk about everything that happens later(:
Awwn oomf said he loves me : ) <U+2661>
Stop by Georgetown Law School! 600 New Jersey Avenue
I'm sure they'll be good!
- You ride on something the winter? - um, bad - ice skating, fucking - on the ass;)
My daddy say she gone be spoil
i know a trusty worthy and reasonably priced mechanic in Madison. I've been really happy with them - message me if interested
I Am Too Young For Tears In The Night.
Thank you! Hope you had a fab weekend!
its not that far from Bergson to Deleuze. Esp. if you have read Nancy Munn
Freeforall w/o it! RT : A4 - This is a serious problem that most cos do not know how to manage - SM policy must be in place
Can't wait to be off work eating wings tho
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 8
I would make you come to Colorado and see you on snow!
Yes I did!!! Do I needa show you the messaging list?!
Any chance some model rocket people are back there in the distance? Those areas could be plume from parachute eject at apogee :)
My friend saw u at the aquarium! and she got you to say hi to the camera, and she said she did it for me,<33:D
Isn't life a bunch of Monday's? joy in the mundane moments which make up life:)
My life has just been degraded ninety percent. :D
Waiting for the plane home is like waiting for christmas. So excited. Except flying is scary.
After bar with the snl cast and the farley brothers at Murphys...how cool is that?!
Playground Elite over NY Lightning, 85-59. Duane Wilson had 22 and Austin Malone-Mitchell and Jake Lahinen added 15 each.
Yes, but the thing I've not heard from him, exactly, is it's a loss or disavowal of Britannica. Internet distro is the victor.
U don't walk or jog in my neighborhood, U run for your life.
That's not really my area of expertise. I can tell you how I treat my college students.
Setting up for my pisces!!!! See you tonight with nadine rae" a national blues band" @ 8pm. "Proud Mary"
Are you going to visit ?(;
I can't wait for next year's Stevie B. Superbowl Halftime Show. Party Your Body!!!!
I do understand the rules of the game. Just like some people like the DH rule in baseball and others don't. Sports ref for ya :)
My meetings at #SXSW: Good ones and bad ones. Amazing how all over the place people are w/ understanding new digital age.
Two picks. Two Texans. That's 100% folks.
Worst 3 point shooting ever fortunately it's both teams. Let's go Heat get it together win this.
Thx for the follow. Happy to reciprocate. Looking forward to your posts. Cheers!
mental break from my iOS/FB app- answerking RoR koala questions, ha
ATTENTION #Dems: #MSM has totally made switch now in supporting over our President. How can we counteract? VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!
RIP-Don Cornelius
just work a corner :)
Thanks Mom, for everything - the list is long and extensive - but most of all, thanks for your continued love and support to this very day.
you are right about that, Karen. Lodge is the best!
That is not to imply that we are unwilling to answer Qs -- you can send them our way as well!
GOOD LUCK at your concert tonight!! i know you will do great with i could be there but i live in UK lol
How's everything for you?
Thinking about my grandma right now.. Hope she is having one of her good days.
Oh no...hope you can get out soon!
RSVP: Pantheon Entertainment
he'd be like "uh no sorry" hahahaha I can see it now
haha it is so delicious! Plus there is soo much food in the box! He probably will budge! :)
Thanks for the responses, all - we have enough testers for now! Have a great weekend!
Huuha Story of my life
Today 3 pm at the celebrate Earth Day with WITS! 30 HISD students will share awesome nature poems and stories....
People sometimes call me egg headed, I really do need to do something about that.
Does anyone know how to unstuck the top button on the iPod touch?
We provide #homecare by assigning an angel companion to your home to care for your loved one.
Saturday... May you hurry up please???? Sincerly, I'm Ready for #DisneyLand!
Hiya Sam!
yu never did ):
Thanks...your prayers and wonderful spirits really encourage and bless me...
The East Coast needs some love too! When will you come to the PA, NJ or NY area???
But I got everything I'll ever need :)
hello my tweets. no i haven't forgotten...just crazy several months.. hope all well.. look forward to chatting with you soon HAPPY HOLIDAYS!
60s behaviorist proverb: Starve your pigeons to 80%, they'll behave like like any lady or gent.
my belt buckle should be a mistletoe
That is a marketable skill, you know.
Unconstrained of mind, kids have the best thoughts. Very interesting.
ah! You're talking Negri & Hardt! I thought you meant fiction. I've read the 1st 2. Didn't know there was a 3rd.
Step up 3 never gets old
do you not watch college bball? The refs are like a soup opera!
This was our first visit. Have read many bad reviews from "offended" people. Can't take it personally! We loved it!!
Eavesdropping on conversation next to me: I'm not good at these new words today but I don't think ordrering a pizza qualifies as "swag".
rather than delve further into your last tweet, we should probably just bail.
Thanks for the #FF! :) hope you have an accident-free Friday the 13th!
Be True to your Self in 2012!
Yo Mo! When is my deadline??
Shit getting heated!
#NSMN Bank turns NFL player's mortgage app down because he may not have a job this fall.
lol, surprisingly no. It's temperance XD
#fridayreads Too much stuff about Scandinavian countries, making me want to move to such. Maybe a Scandinavian/Creole fusion restaurant?
I know he's my man it's all in my hands,it feels good when he call my name don't you wish you had the same?
Crazy, right?! Brettanomyces is a best friend to great beer and a mortal enemy of wine. Yeast is amazing stuff!
These celebs support our cause: We are so grateful!
I tried to start studying last night. It literally took me 2 hours to understand what stocks/bonds were and I already forgot
#spraycandress Simply Amazing. And, yes, nothing short of Gaga-worthy.
Super surprised that I woke and went to the gym
Pick up Shorty's family platter for dinner tonight! Ribs, chicken, sliced&pulled pork, baked beans, cole slaw&fries.
There are over 140 types of pasta in Italy. There’s the bow-tie one, the swirly one …err… alphabetti spaghetti. That’s 3 anyway.
Nice RT: Tonight In Babylon Remix voted #1 Record on Ferry Corsten's Coutdown
#yam "Think of your presentation as an analysis vs. a pitch" Edward Tufte
Airport spur closed Westbound until end of year. Detour on Howell or Howard to downtown.
He just gave me something to think about
Jenny just rented 10 Whirlwind bikes to Riverwest Outdoor Enterprises for the MPS bike ride! W00t!
Post some on my facebook! Listen to Cinnamon toast crunchin for some ideas ;)
Coming up at 7:10 on Jury continues to deliberate in Amy Senser trial. Will they come to a decision?
What is your favorite Web 2.0 tool or software to to engage your students? Ready! Set! Go!
hi VINNY I haven't been on so my 1st tweet goes out 2 u love u
Are you going to Music Under Glass tonight? If so, say hi to our RSVP members volunteering!
Thanks for the follow, love.
So stoked for the iPad 2S unveiling on March 7th!
I am so sorry to hear about your mother..I lost my father last month. She will be in my Prayers.
Ew school tomorrow! Don't want to go...
I know we don't all have the time to bake, but you can at least use a high end bakery that does it right! None of that fake stuff!
When I was pregnant, and only 3 weeks from my due date, I worked in a Dr's office. Friday our schedule was already booked solid for Monda...
well you look adorable!! You can carry the torch :)
I'm excited! The real question is, can I maintain excitement?
just landed in LA and heading to #hotelthrillist awesomeness awaits!
yay! Tell me where to upload!
Testing Ping to see if it works for me... So, hello World!
TONIGHT - UV Friday and Silent Noise with Special Guest DJ's Silence, Morningstar, DJ Dexter & Doktor D along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!
Massage after long night of drinking. Great hangover medicine. I need to quit competitive drinking.
Yes! Reader privacy is just as important as intellectual freedom and information literacy!!
hahaaaaaa dats a perfect combination rite there my dawg!!ill b back n da rotation soon!LOL
ALL MY HOES LOVE ME.
#25 stopping at every buffet in search of clam strips and macn cheese - almost the entire coastal width of Mississippi and Alabama
ok but r u the meghan in jeghan?
its 30° in pleasant north dakota... summer can't come fast enough!
Lip rings >>>
13% of users click through incentivized video on Zynga. really?
and best combo is Goober Cocktail, ice cold in glass bottle with Ga peanuts. Classic Southern treat.
There's only ONE thing I never understood.......
sure, I'll dm you my number.
Wanna feel like the smartest person in the room go to the polls in #NorthCarolina!
...and yes, i think it would be fun to chuck it all and go live on a sailboat.
I've been wondering the same thing! Every1 diving so slow & stupid 2day.. Getn frustrated out here..
Awkward "chick-fil-a".....
We just had a really fun fire drill here The man from the fire dept was really nice and funny. It's the little things, you know?
House music, open bar and free entry... Our 3 favorite things! They can be yours too! Every Thursday only in !
I love you girl! <U+E056>
shake&bake
Would like to chat with you about your linked data ideas re
I will check out thinkweasel.com. Had not thought about graphic novels but sounds like an interesting idea!
Have you tried that new cookie frapp yet?! I need it asap.
I love Adele!!
Melting Steel with Royer ZVS Induction Heater - ac capacitors
The Waltz-Astoria comes to mind! It's on a far end of Queens, Check it out.
it's astounding how often people misuse "it's/its." ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, people. That's when we're supposed to learn the difference.
At the lil sis's swim meet... Gosh its hot in here
YW!..please do the same!
Tweeting about the rally? Tag your tweets #Obama2012 for a chance to be featured on the big screen or the livestream.
Had some great meeting with coaches, travel coaches, and some parents about National Scounting Report (NSR), things are rolling & having fun
umm....who lied to you...
We are gona be at the attic tonight handing out cds and pitting, come hang!
Ok now water, only cause the beer is gone. I need an assistant that has the same ear for music.... You did once Jason
Can't wait till i get a car. I'll keep always keep my word when I plan to hang out with someone.
crust punks ftw
What are your Thanksgiving plans? Do you travel someplace and leave the cooking to someone else or do you have everyone over to your place?
Ahh my first, sweet taste of air conditioning this season . Thanks!
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
YOUR WORK IS THE TRUTH HOMIE
Wing Night is Back Tonight! Mac and Cheese taking a break until fall...
no problem (:
Going to school tomorrow I Wanna see my friends so bad
porcupine is a code word, right?
We can give you the forecast, but not the ski resort reported snow depth levels. Get those from On the Snow. We do the rest
We did report them. #SPCA was "backed up." She died the next week.
Changed my name from to Because I'm close to grad and I do a lot of archaeology work now.
Havent tweeted in a while. So sorry. My mac broke and i just got a new one so im setting it up. But ill be sure to tweet you guys later (;
Get at me * Beats for the Low
Yep - it's storming and the power just flickered. Gotta find the candles!
My 20mo old nephew is yelling "GO DEEP!" before throwing a ball to his dog.
Get prepared for The MisEducation
Maybe it will have a bowling alley, branch library, and a gun range. Good for 350+ days-night per year.
I just spoke to Jenny in Career Services. She said you might be interested in a student blogger position!
any nick, but that was a good one :)
Awesome! Saw some fun pics on Facebook :) RT : Thx 4 all your help. Monday's launch went great.
real talk, i'm convinced the Trader Joe's all purpose cleaner I just used is actually just green campari.
yes please!;)
4.1million new private sector jobs, OBL-dead, kids w/ PECs now covered, auto ind saved, no Depression, Iraq War over, no DADT
Oh man. I was a huge Bill Nye fan.
Great mothers day 2day! College daughter surprised me by coming home for a visit! Best surprise ever!
LOL We shall see...
Anyone get Skyrim or Modern Warfare 3 over the last week?
You would be surprised at the things I search on Google. Sometimes I even shock myself.
Thanks so much for the Tweet!
Thanks for putting me in!
Boy I put on a good poker face.. Tonight was really hard. God help me find ground with this, because I can't stop worrying.
are you?!
*Arms raised above head* right ?
What up all of our NY followers!!
And our bus just drove right by.
Hey Lady. I really loved your Bentonville video.
Tried to make the ugliest tie dye for josue... It turned out beautiful. We're just too good.
Uganda Resurrects Plan to Hand over Protected Forest to Sugar Company
OH ya hahaha.
do george clooney and brad pitt love each other more than their significant others?
THANK YOU THANK YOU for an EPIC night!~You have no idea how much I needed that~Best Comedy Show EVER! I freakin LOVE you K!!
Honestly, I feel they are being very disrespectful to a show that gave them a chance of a lifetime.
OH NO's! What's the GOP gonna do when they run out of old white people?
wow! Eagles!
New Jersey drivers are quite impatient. I think you have to move at the precise point when a light turns green or the severe honking starts.
i really don't know what to say ... what's your point in airing this in such a public way?
Got a splitting headache
yea them iconic boyz helped ratings but na my bro and iamme had ppl not watchin da show unless they were on
Yo, what do I need to get again? I totally forgot what you said in my drunken haze.
To the kid wearing the pacman shirt walking down the street. You're cool. I want your shirt.
You strike again, #backspin. Award Tour when I need to go to PT.
Great day to eat chili and wear a hoodie
do you tell kiddless people happy mothers day?;o
Great idea! Get dibs at tripdibs.com! lock in a low rate and use whenever you want!
Tom's recap of meeting all of the NFL Head Coaches last weekend. Great stories and some surprises, too. Plus you KNOW we're talking...
Wanna go to a Spanish party !!
pretty sure I can get the vespa. the spider monkey might be tricky. would you accept a fish tank with a shark in it's place?
Taylor's donation will fund what will be known as the Taylor Swift Education Center, an exhibit & classroom space to be opened in 2014!
Holy balls. Mark Eaton is talking to me o:
RT : ... Talk about "learner engagement" instead. #devlearn (Or employee performance)
Shut up and put your money where your mouth is...
Don't. The first 20 minutes of the sex club with nausea music and Noé's handheld spin of a mess is almost as bad as the rape.
xx I love love love IVAN.
Degree Verification for the Spring 2012 semester will be available after June 18, 2012.
The audience asks about #CFB bringing communities together, and if that is reason to include it in academia.
Eyes closed reached into fridge/cupboard for dinner ings. Chicken, pasta, green onions, beans, pesto, romano cheese...maybe reach for more
just realized seems the glass I get is always half full.... Of crown and coke!
IOH’s vision of sustainable mission dovetails well with Bishop Nhanala’s expressed wish to avoid a "relationship of dependency."
I'm a Walk About Ambassador!! Can't wait, this is just what I needed! some motivation! :)
Yeah yeah!
Social Media Marketing: 27 Stats, Soundbites, and Slides
Shit. Really I want to steal approximately 50% of the books I check out from
Health and Economic Rights Press Conference today! Let's take a stand for women's rights!
Breaking: accident on Mass Pike east in Weston. One mile before tolls. Huge back-up.
Mani & pedi before the hubby and I escape to PV, Mexico tomorrow!
Why is twitter broken?!
I saw at the mall today, with he friend!:)
but ima be coming on more often now !! becuz i miss you all so much
Thanks for the reminder to be thankful for what I have. I was getting started to my day thinking about what I have not (done).
Yep. it's absolutely HUGE in the major fall lines.
u just made me miss my Xbox smh I was bout to say me! But unfortunately I traded my Xbox
this is so hard for me
Thanks Friend! “: #ILoveYourAVI”
I'm losing my voice!! Getting sick!!! Hate being sick!!!
That was the fastest hour of my life, it almost went by like it was one minute
If you could be any mascot, who would you be?
I'm so excited!
Last working day before the New Year. I'm sure this one is going to be productive ;)
try spelling it "Fred."
I should be asleep...Z. #nottiredatall :(
I've never had anything but kind service at GL. Same for PN (though now closed). Kooky, sure, but always friendly.
NOAA & Sea Grant New England meeting focus on climate science communications Monday -- looking forward to it.
F**k It Dude let's Go Bowl(ing) RT : The Manute Bowl
Just became one of the worst nights of my life
hey whats up? :)
it was u only have one sip dude we did.it all
Aw step boys :(
Looks like the #packers & #steelers are playing on a concrete surface. Whats with the injuries? Go Pack!
They say the beautifulest things in life are free
The amount of time I spend unable to sleep because I'm obsessing over story values and plot structures is getting kind of unacceptable.
MY MOM = MARVELOUS OVERCOMING MOTHER
This negro just went straight Cozmos on me!!!! Lmao
Adopted 2nd kitty, named her Hildegard (Hilda for short)
Its is what it is and it is what it ain't is
where oh where is
Actually...I'm not past the first episode of this season. need to catchup. but glad she dumped that guy!!
I've been to Northern California and liked that a lot. I really want to check out Portland and Seattle.
Vanilla, strawberry, knickerbocker, glory...
are we the only ones that get lights for commencement (ie what about the kind folks that inhabit Morningside Hts?)
#20ThingsAboutMe: I love fishing <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0>
sure thing. we will be sending over a few cases of noodles!
I'm a Crazy Bitch, but don't really care, 'cuz I love be myself c:
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy: remain loyal.
You could build a stronger audience if 's website was inclusive of EVERY TV provider...AHEM!
RT Kool-aid no sugar..ham no burger..peanut butter no jelly? #ReallyDude ---------> Yall aint never got two things that match
YOU! GET PEEPS TO FOLLOW US!!!
Best place to eat in the PDX airport?
Good morning! Who else is up bright and early today?
who usually tweets or ???? Or both perhaps??
That blimpie sandwich >>>>
get it done already. We all know the division is yours but the suspense of waiting is a killer.
Happy mothersday mom
If I ever get a really small dog, I'm going to name it Cooper (mini)...right before I shoot myself...
I can't believe March is already underway.... Seems like last week was January 1st!
So my birthday is around the corner and I JUST realized this today.
LOL ... Be cool before I throw a. Cold cut sandwich Yo way
tell me if we're in diff classes today please D:
RT : May the 4th be with you!
I still have not started upgrading my resume.
I just finished a 4.08 mi run with a pace of 9'30"/mi and a time of 38:48 with Nike+ GPS.
I been working hard
Congress has asked that North Carolina raise two battalions for the Continental Army.
just got my daughter the cutest sandals
Winter is here.
Yes, love Missing also...huge Ashley Judd fan.
I saw Bayonetta 2 and I was so happy. Then I saw the rest of sentence... so sad.
that's awesome! I love spontaneous trips!!! Have fun :)
Experiencing Seattle weather in San Diego today! Rain, rain, go away... don't come back some other day. Too cold to work outside, dammit!
You are a lady, not Toad of Toad Hall!
Yes sir i fucks witchu.. me n my patnah got a businiess going my nigga if you can fuck wit me. you know quabo already its olnly like 5 o ...
What a scumbag
Oh Yeah Bitch #FuckIt' For Real Now !
Yes! Feel free to continue to send me any photos of Joe Namath that you run across.
Studies have shown that nye is the 2nd biggest party day of the year. 2nd to little 5, of course
clean & friendly. only bitchy person i met when i was there was a waitress at a cafe. but i think she was an american...
This is a full blown out Concert..... #MSU GRADUATION
Cleaning up dinner and heading to tball practice!
Michele is sitting in the car.....listening to TREOS with her eyes closed pretending to be at the show right now. Ahahah
Thank you for allowing us to honor you this month! Keep up all your good work!
I just did. Thank you! It's dazzling!
So exciting!!!! Praise & Jubilation are upon you.
Hope this week keeps going the way it has been<3
Emerging band play "Ho Hey" tonight on Conan O'Brien /
been saying that for the last 2 weeks! I totally agree! Still Orange Bowl Champs!!!
Holy Christ. Just recharged and awakened from a serious dream. Kanye was on to a thought with that. "what's a king to a god" baby mind=blown
thank you <3 btw Happy Easter! (:
Hope everyone is having a wonderful Merry Christmas!
So I take my bowl out, get my apple jacks. Pour my cereal in my bowl. Go to the fridge & there's no more milk ... -__- <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I love it! :D Thanks for passing it on!
Happy New Year ! Dear rednecks shooting off guns, please try and miss our house, Thank you!
Going to Oktoberfest in Rochester tomorrow night
I emailed you about another issue two days ago but haven't heard back. Is email help under a different system?
my life story !
I sit it!: (I have had many activities that to do!:/and time I do not even have of connecting!
Saturday morning soccer w/ & our niece. Bringing vuvuzelas next week.
how is The cochella?
If you're serious about the health of your constituents: co-sponsor the FRAC Act (HR1084).
That was a loud boom
ice cream+Switched At Birth marathon =great night
You who are on the road must have a code that you can live by. And so, become yourself...cuz the past is just a good bye.
I fathered your whole style you could say I'm the Best Dad, Quick on the draw like a portable sketch pad
Oh. Buddy. You need to not do that again.
Put In Good #WORK Today Proud Of Myself! :)
agreed looks bad for Bo and the program.
what's inspired such a radical change?
Why did I just now stumble across "Fiddle Tunes for Banjo" with Bill Keith, and ? So. Very. Good.
Kentucky taken that title
The Hunger Games was the sh***t everyone go watch it even if you haven't read the book it was a cool movie <U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E>
--be you and no one else cuz you is pretty amazing(:
Your efforts are greatly appreciated!
what was your trade? Did you short it?
RT : Just fucking witnessed a drug deal outside of 's house.
Seriously! RT : Jesus, people. Come the hell on. RT Thank you RT : make a damn lay up.. you suck
Visit our new website www.LuxeCourtier.com
RT : Have a wonderful day to you! Hope you had a fantastic holiday!/Thanks, you too!
74 degrees and not a cloud in the sky, gotta love LA in the winter time
let's work people!!!! RT for that good ol' follow
otay thanks ill message you
I wish the band Gotye & their song Somebody That I Used to Know was actually Somebody That I Used to Know enough of that fuckin song already
Beyonce speaks on those &#39;crazy&#39; pregnancy rumors
At the walmart in Branson I started taking pics of random weirdos :)
yeah I can bring it..
Seattle is hosting the nation's largest Vegetarian food festival, Vegfest, this Saturday and Sunday at the Seattle Center's Exhibition Hall
Pretty sure Kermit still feels that it's not easy being green.... lol
Back to school...... GREATT. not
Jean Chamberlin, VP at Boeing told how they use Birkman assessment to build trust rapidly, understand strengths and close gaps on teams!
Hasn't been the same for me since they dropped Teddy Pendergrass' version.
I have approx 1 metric ton of books waiting for me ...apparently, I thought Spring Break was longer...
Rather slow lately... yawn.
I know! Don't be a stranger now that u have my #
Feeling unproductive. Anyone got a remedy?
What a great day discussing all things mobile!!
I mean. Unless you want actual realism in your tattoos..
Thanks Darling but it's really a congrats to my talent! They are AMAZING!!! They listen, learn, and are pro-active! Luv them!
I have been asked to fill out questionnaires, interview, convert to veganism...
#TheChemicalBrothers are so good.
That awkward moment when I'm winded from running.... No wait... Walking up to the third floor of PHS
Cafe tu-o-tu on 2816 M St #Georgetown a real gem at the gateway
this is boring i'm leaving this depressing timeline okay bye
the obvious choice would be to go home with me for two months!
Top of the Morning!We'll have some awesome coffee for sale today.Dave's roasting right NOW!Come in,mention this tweet for a free 12oz coffee
Quickies RT : “: jumped on me this morning to wake me up and then went back to sleep -_-” lol I got tired.
(AP) -- HBO says it's cancelling horse racing series `Luck' following deaths of 3 horses
say it like you mean it!
all good :) Thanks!
People Seh Mi Love Yuh Till Mi Fool... Just Know Yuh Ah Mi Star... Yuh Ah Mi Sun... Yuh Ah Mi Moon.
thoughts on Yankees/ Stubhub ?
remember that time a few years back when that guy had a tiger in his apt in Harlem?
I had Rangers in 6 over Yankees, but didn't tell anyone! Just to be safe, let me send this out to the interwebs: Rangers in 5 v. SF.
Watching "Figure Father" on vimeo. Great story.
I am tired as a book.
In other news, I'mma talk about how annoying but equally hilarious it is to work in a place that uses an intercom system.
We get so much rain in Portland… I lost track of Joan Wilder while mowing the back yard. I might know where The Jewel is now though.
...I am sure the outcome will be brilliant.
cool thanx :) !! that's how it usually is lol. you & your friends goin?
Love that shelf!
Let's go #cavs, finish the season with a W
didn't expect the flavors to mingle as they did. The Sweet, sharp onions, sour pickles... It was different. Worth a try…
You're sweet. It's my call. Time for me to do something new.
somehow, I'm not surprised. :-)
RT : Yoo I want to make more videos of them just hanging out ! :') Too funny !
my dad said she said she was going to cook n she just left saying she aint n i aint bringing nun back..i cant see your text
What? That has gotta be fake.
Anybody can buy a share in a horse. Lots of partnerships out there. Too-complicated taxes for 1040-EZ.
Purchased 3 discounted registrations before they sold out via Living Social for the event in August. Have 2 willing kids :)
Ah that's a great excuse actually lol drive safe!
There are way too many Alex's and Zachs at Concordia.
Fastest way to get me to stop respecting your opinion is to tell me this Neyo/Pitbull song isn't the best thing you've ever heard.
The "heart condition" isn't keeping Watson from continuing. The need for a scholarship is. College sports, everyone!
but for some reason you always do follow Fridays when I'm at school :( maybe in the summer! LOVE YOU ARI
how'd ya get so famous and.., dont let it be short lived. congrats!
Picking out an interview outfit is hard bro.
Find someone that will not allow you to fight your battles alone. A person that WILL love you at your best AND your worst.
First time at Betsy's with ma girls , katelyn and BOB!!!
have then reply on here
So not fun. Hope you feel better soon! I would really hope figuring out the hypoglycemia helps keep away the migraines too.
I'm not saying that all are like this but a great majority are and it's sickening!
Thank you for following. Nice to meet you.
Made meself some chicken soup. The Black Lung shall not conquer!!!! Have a lovely evening, my friends!
I just love our black women and I never look at them in a negative way they are the definition of STRONG but I hate ratchets.
this one has lasted a year!!!
been supporting my music ever sense myspace days!
Oh, no! Sorry to hear that, but yay for wine!
I am really liking The Carrie Diaries.
Just bought 3 of your new teas. Can't wait to try them. I've been thinking about starting tea & what better then yours. =)
The best pre-wedding party ever!! Thank you for a fabulous day of pampering. Love the salon!
Be ready for a lot of box steps and skipping!
don't follow in my footsteps because you might trip on something I jumped over.
It should be extension of experience
thanks for the mention! Happy Friday :-)
THANK YOU!! Wow. Awesome film. U gt Brad Young, Nekisa C., et al. A lovly projec. Muchsuccess2u.
With all the recent (and upsetting) developments from , now would be a great time for to send out those invite codes.
Customer: How come the Board of Health hasn't come in and closed you up? Waiter: They're afraid to eat here.
Oh, you are one of "those." I only eat Cherrios with enough sugar to get a glucose shake at the bottom.
Fighting against the Twitter tendency to make people appear as one dimensional caricatures of themselves...
I'm a bit like Mitchell Johnson in that my bowling surprises no one more than me.
Awesome show last night at AFTH, looking forward to seeing Merle in Portsmouth, NH Fri, April 20
Its been a week already & i haven't gotten a letter..Hm,
Finally had an aha moment and found the root of a bug after like a week banging my head against it. And of course it's stupidly simple.
it's way easier and less messy that way
great to see you too! Loved your set and Josh's drumming :)
Owning an original work by a culturally significant artist is a wise choice. Owning a work that is unique and one you love, priceless.
Thanks for all those who attended PIA Expo yesterday and stopped by our booth!
..twitter land, got more football to watch. Copyright " EPICS", all rights reseved...!!! Nah, sorry,only 'messing' with
She needs makeup to cover up because society taught her who she is, isn't enough.
It's always so good to have#That1friend to talk to about everything!
I can't believe I'm watching people get excited over a hockey game. Am I in America?
We were playing this game little red school jouse in homeroom and we trying to get out the teach allasudden mike yells out im not gay
I'm begging you to be my escape.
president Chris Canetti not only wants revenge for 2009 vs LA, he says he wants MLS Cup celebration in Houston next Tuesday.
dont be so sure, City branding as Champs will see a rash of investment toward turnover. Fake or not
Waiting to see if I got cast in the Romeo and Juliet production I auditioned for.
I'm dying over the zebra one!
I'm praying for you Treasa. Stay strong girly. <3 I promise you'll get through this. I know it's so hard. <3 Smile.
Oil, And all that that implies.
Killed my arms at the gym today felt good.
thanks for RT :)
Where there is no vision, the people perish
March Madness!
those neon sweat suits remind me of the black eyed peas episode....
RT:“ Women love good company and great food.”
Put on your calendar for next November in Greenwood, IN - Teen Film Festival - you'd be a great MC for it!
"all you need to fix societal race problems is a really pretty white woman"
What am I doing
Contact for R&B
Thank all the gods of all the pantheons!
Just made some new bangers man!!!!!!!! i got beats for dayz 500
MAGGS ENDS IT!!!
you should collaborate with
I was tryna see this lil girl for her birthday..but she wanna have a random attitude!
oh i see Rory is in this episode
Sunday 1-130 Einstein stage, Eat A Bug, Save The World
I don't know man :/ this is weird
-Hi Dolls! referred me to you for my hot music video I am styling! I'd love to come pull some pieces! xox
All my bad bitches I can see ya halo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Oh...You're a...child! Heh. For some reason I thought you were older! :-P
Does screaming "thank you" really seem appreciative?
nic , what language is gun shot in ?
how you been !! i havent been able to come on
YAY! My mommy has her vacation this week. :D I get to hang with my mommy more. :) LOL. I sounded like a little kid. :3
devl environment is clean. Moving files from devl into production requires additional SKILLS. dmp
best post ever!!!
about an hour!!
RT: Think of a number. Double it. Add six. Half it. Take away the number you started with. Your answer is three. You Mind=Blown
i need some real followers, not those spaammy people.
Thanks Herb!
well thank you so much! It means a lot! Share it with your friends and followers if you like :)
I think needs to get their crap together and actually show the program that's on the schedule. I want Flipping out not Housewives!
so ready dude! And we'll have the dog!
if those arent quotes or songs, then keep ya head UP! You'll find tha right person! Look atchu!!(:
alimonti is a like a pegasus or a narwhal
good day mr president!!!
Just ate a fresh maine lobster, steamers, and steak tips. The best meal i've had in a while!
Microsoft Word Documents show the pure ingenuity of folks to do anything by almost any means possible.
oh good...you changed your avatar...again.
Recent #GCP followers to check out
#PghPC Don't forget to register to attend our upcoming event at Buckhead Saloon October 27 www.tinyurl.com/PPCGhostHunt
omfg I know D;
: Thanks for the RT Melissa! Have a wonderful weekend!
me either! When are you coming?
why not both? There's more than 1 meal in a day
Advice: read your tweets aloud before you hit send. I did with this one, so you know it's a foolproof system.
Great start to the week!
even if they did it never stopped. I will give my Dad a hard time because he's a Cubs fan, but that's it. All in good fun.
Getting ready to hit the airwaves on with - hit us up with any questions or thoughts on the season
Thanks for making us part of your evening!
remember buddy icons??
we will figure it out. No worries.
I should not find this so funny
you made my day by retweeting my tweet! :D Thnx! Haha. <3
ride. obviously.
no problem.Don't ever let anyone tell you your not good enough...because you are REALLY amazing at it.
The Myans are known for a focus on the "under world" = Satanic things. Who wants their information?
the one that you hunger for
RT quit being possessed by your possessions....
Put a smile on my face. Of course, how can you not smile at a very large bunny?
Happy mothers day to all those mothers that passed away because of cancer may you r.i.p
Absolutely true story ... just spent 20 minutes standing in line behind ELVIS at Tobin Library waiting to vote early.
Craving Olive Garden... and I had it monday.
I AM!! RT: Who else is excited to see #U2 at FedEx Field tonight?
Am I the only one that finds it odd that we live in a world where Greg Anthony is a spokesman for a major appliance company?
New iPad, new way to reward your loyalty. Ask your hostess on how to get started on your You’ll be racking up points in no time!
Why do guys like to cheat can anyone give me your answer? I know
“Designing Mobile Apps for Behaviour Change”, a Workshop. Haig Armen,
enjoyed your site!!! Can you follow our card store
MY LITTLE SISTER JUST ASKED ME WHAT MASTERBATING WAS. OH MY GOD.
see you on Thursday!!!
that's my favorite way to enjoy coffee. Dark and Black!
I hate typos -.-
Survivor – Eye Of The Tiger
I will. (: Follow me please?
I worked with a lady experiencing shingles last week. She came in today and told me her shingles are gone.
Happy Scotty Day! You're my hero! And iloveyou so dearly! Reply to me?
There are 3 kinds of people, those who make things happen, those who watch what happens, those who ask what happened? MAKE IT HAPPEN !
#Lakers getting blown-OUT
Surprised to see Ed Lynch here tonight! Mostly running the higher-paying shows again like last year.
i needed this day off. i've not even done anything useful but i feel so much better! two more days before classes as well. #ohcollege :)
Happy V day to the lovers
For reals?Thats tight-it wasnt till i decided to go back to school that I remembered seeing them in the source,lol. Legendary
Tonight is playing the show starts at 9PM, be sure to come early because it's going to be a full house!
#DailyQuote: "Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea." - Robert A. Heinlein
Four old rich WhiteMale Christians will do their best to convince a multi ethnic, multi faith, multi class nation why they should be TopDog.
I will be in Austin for the USGP. See you there?
I'm turning down deals like I Don't Need The Paper....
I love my #blendboys and i love my #belcantogirls good work to them all! ((:
I NEED a CM 9 fix for the T-Mobile Galaxy S2 T989. What's the word?
welcome to twitter! thanks for the follow, bro!
Anyone have #wedding DJ recommendations? Send 'em my way if you do!
we miss you!
Work 0700-1500... Then nothing let me know what's up....
I slept in my bath robe last night...it was so cold :) Nothing compared to snowy Amsterdam though...
#FF Follow expo expert of for great insights on everything about trade-shows.
In case you missed it.... And this one belongs to the #Reds!
No word yet. I will keep trying to get ahold of her and get back to you.
SCHWABY! congratulates on his 40u40 award! One of the best
"i'm sorry" doesn't mean what it used too.
do you have a story of how he inspired you? you cansend it to if you want :)
Much appreciated bud!
I don't think so it's just the truth!
awesome... keep me posted.
Please, PLEASE stop asking if I want to download your app EVERT TIME I click a link to a Slate article on my phone.
why must you taunt me with these delicious twitpics??!
Watching the Amazing Race!! >>>>
good morning world. time for a nap
Jeez, Pens. Save some for the next 1-3 games.
U at the game?
Hahahahaha! Oh god, I'm dying. I could never be that outfront about anything. I admire you for that, kiddo. :P
Good Morning!!
Thanks for the RT!
please follow me thanks :)
and all: Do the non-traditional spaces help build aud that doesn't usually go to thtr?
too funny. are you sure it wasn't a botox pamphlet?
yea, same here lol
I've taken like 4 naps today, this weather is <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Leaving town to go down and see my grandparents. & racking up on some driving hours!
Watch me not grind my teeth in frustration at this meeting
too bad you don't do word feud!
Thanks for the RTs!
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 26
It's like you finally find what you're looking for, but it's too late.
Hmm. Never have been disappointed but perhaps (pleasantly) surprised.
Have you ever dated guy that lied abt his age, name, and marital status
I always have time for my lovely daughter!! (:
Still allowing guesses for final #Wisconsin bball score. Guess now for a chance to win a #GEEBZ car decal!
good night tini martini, love you :-)
You just got rejected R E J E C T E D rejected
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!56
Rush Limbaugh may be dead, breaking story.....
Okay; I'm seriously serious going to bed now!!! Good night friends
Remember those 80degree days when I told you it was gonna snow again?...Who's the dick now?
Y does she tell me now I was having a good day till now .... Now I cant think right :( I feel sick
“: THEY KILLED KILLER, B! #HalfBaked” I am a master of the custodial arts!
Victim of car theft raises strong objections to release of alleged intoxicated driver
Tune in, writing tweeps! RT : Head's up, I'm going to do #editreport tomorrow. This is both a warning and an invitation ;)
#Companies, #hospitals and non profit organizations alike have found CST works
I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown. ~ Woody Allen
Joshua Ballentine aka 'm glad you finally settled on a twitter name!
but in the age of kickstarter, libs need to get over that
Maybe one of the best nights ever? Maybe yes.
Working hard to meet the launch date for Ebuxing.com. It is going to be close. May be about a week late, but we will see. Almost there.
Measure your website's performance with improved Site Speed reports
Today's tip: Don't waste calories on drinks. One 12 oz soda packs 150-200 calories! Stick to sugar free ice tea, sparkling water & water.
Historically low interest rates. Now is a great time to buy I can help find your dream house
A Fuck nigga that's that shit I don't like!
Loved your pic book list! Some of my favs are there too!
Yes I did! It was good seeing you though - miss you sis! ZLAM
It looks like we will have to put another restaurant on our $#it list. 50+ minute wait for our food. #dinnerfail Christos :-(
Finally finished Harry Potter. A decade under the influence.
Last day of class!!!! Wahooooo!!
Im just warning you that its really hard to get comfortable in those cramped ass seats.
I think the Miss America contest should display/judge the individuals philanthropic activities!
jammin to some #blues and lovin it
great pick there for your team!
's Tim Ternes will be at TOMORROW at 7:30pm in College Theatre. Full-sized Heritage Bible on display only 1/31.
There is nothing wrong with just wanting to be happy
Hell yeah man!! #Calloused! I miss it man....did you ever get a copy of "The Thunder Rolls"?
I'd go all out. Let's pick noma and see how we can make it suck.
what do the neighbors say?
RT : Why would you want 100 connected devices? The people in the audience here at #MobilizeConf could probably tell you why!
omg yes!!!
see you guys later this week -- and I may be stopping in multiple times..!
Where can I check your music out at...
Just went through iLounge pavilion, its hoppin!
Today is a Big Day for Chicago Run! Our schools have just passed a total of 100,000 MILES! Way to go! More big news is to come!
I posted a video of Roseanne herself, telling us why she will be a good president. Look it up on my TI
aw ;c
negative, i have both friends and family visiting this weekend. what's the topic?
Thanks! We'll let the crew know. Have a great evening! RT : your people at Folsom Blvd are great
That's cool. It's some of the things I do as well.
didnt get your last message:(
Ok, a high school senior made a VERY wide turn..so wide that she ended up on the wrong side of the street & slammed into my friends car. Yep
u r the best.u will prove it this year.my $$ is on u
Just ordered a cute collar for the kitty from ! Check them out!
THANKS, it's an AWESOME week, still riding the #Nashville #SDCConf high! Met some great people & inspiration is soaring!
Agreed! Ha! RT : RT : These raspberry cookies from subway is addictive----man u said sum then.
RT : My new follower, impressive company promoting U.S. #indie artists/bands <U+2660>MUSIC ZONE<U+2660> {<U+2611>out their site}...
At the Senior Exits.
Last day of class DONE! Ready to go home n chill~
awww Zach you made my day! Thanks! You are sweet!
: Tells reporters to monitor SM to know what news the community is breaking.
I loved The Art of Fielding, too. Great Hitchcock quote.
One more time - Daft Punk
(Cont.) And my picture result shows "Mary and Joseph with a young Jesus" I think I should send this to !
:( hope he's better soon. You're in my prayers.
Fresno mention on
i ate jelly beans :p haha
what in the world where you doing there??! aha
This weekend Shawnee Mall 1 pm to 4 pm
happy new year for you too :)
Game 4 Van vs. LA
Lakers not makin 2nd Round not even MJ was taken 7 games like that the lakers era been over
hopefully I knock dese 24 mo tracks out n let my cerebelum breath....lol
My nose even hurts
lol. Shelly's got my back! For the record, he was very nice!
The USA Field Hockey Olympic Committee have a print of this painting!
#IfIHadThePower I'd go invent a time machine and go back in time to try to stop 9/11
Filming the episode 4 from the season 2! I can`t wait for all of you to see it!
Sometimes you just have let go, throw yourself into your art. Just let it free fall from you to the canvas. Be bold, release fear.
as long as I update with the new shit I won't :)
Excited for a fun photo shoot with Jeff Frost today with makeup by the amazing !
we're just outside SF, near Daly City. Had to find a compromise commute between Palo Alto (for my bf) & the city!
This World Series game just doesn't want to end.
I'm not sure #CatchingFire needs someone like Cuaron...just someone competent who can learn from Ross' missteps.
Oh wow. I'd love to be able to block hashtags on !
thanks for the RT about the jazz and kids programming coming up during #JAM2012!
Here with Mayra M talking about bellies :p
I'd like to have a unibrow party for my 26th Bday. All attendees will be given a unibrow for the night.
GO FOR IT!!
that is awesome!
Xoxo Gossip Girl ;)
it was already set w/ the bailout of Lockheed and the bailout of Chrysler in the 70s. We tend to repeat bad policy.
looks like a baseball tailgate
2008 BMW X3 - San Marcos Toyota - bags vacuum belts
Robb, we are now in section 318 if you want to celebrate our inevitable victory....
Ah shucks Andy. That's really nice of you. Thanks.
lmao I don't think that :p
Really pumped to see Cappy on the mound tonight, because I'm happy he has made yet another recovery - that being said... I hope we pound him
my tv obviously just doesn't like your voice because when you go to talking, it glitches and goes all wacko.
RT : The THREE people involved in BULLYING: BULLY - TARGET - BYSTANDER
The Paladin mission is kicking my ass.
fuck a bitch
challenges 's plan that allows mayoral sign-off after it goes to a committee.
This Monday is ruining my weekend plans. Already.
that makes sense. Although that trip to Marshall would be long. But not to many 4a's in this area.
Anyone has kik ? :)
affordable? Not really.
AH RO YOU'RE SO CUTE AH
propofol (propophol?) worked perfectly: I remember nothing; waiting for biopsy results in about a week
Pancakes make you feisty.
i saw and chilled with mike as he waited for the bus in his bed and breakfast blue shir
In 24 hours time Kempton Park Racecourse will be opening their gates to thousands of Olly Murs fans! Who's going?
Thank you so much, may the Lord grant you a peaceful and holy season of Lent!
wow! i mean really, wow! = weekend. in the office back in pearland! doing what i do best.
Oh, it's amazeballs!
If the Grizzlies loose this game then I'm going to smack a Grizzlies cheerleader.
Come to marion! Jeez! RT : Searcy is so Boring.
NO WE GONNA BE AT BABYSITTIN CLASS WHEN TICS GO ON SALE -cry-
You logged on cause yo love On lmao
NP: He won't go - Adele
Tim Cook takes to the stage today for #Apple. Must be okay since $APPL managed to climb a little in the market today.
I'm taking belly dancing and boot camps this month my #Skinnylicious Resolution and you could win a prize to reach your goals! bit.ly/x1d9Nr
I have too much time on my hands Haha
The Prosciutto and Goat Cheese is to die for!
WellDone2 coulda been better but its still good
Happy All Hallows Eve everyone!
You two getting the hang of it? Glad to have you both on the site! (I Kept you both, too.)
I can have that social media effect on people. I also cause people to bloat. U have been warned of the side effects.
Per the PPD, the registration and inspection are current so per the code they cannot tow the vehicle.
you know its probably mad high. " please God let me win the jackpot " lol
Fabulous talk today by Andrew Hankinson, PhD candidate from McGill U, on optical music recognition applications of MEI. Podcast avail. soon!
Went to the Doctor, he's a little old man, he asks: How many times are you active a week? Me: I try to get to the gym... He meant sexually!
Good Luck!
I live in Seattle haha he came her July 13th last summer!!!!!! But I didn't get to go;(
I love Hollie. #AmericanIdol all the negative comments towards JUST her...lame!
So much for that Verlander formula. I'm going to go enjoy my delicious batch of crow.
you are my inspiration:) can you pritty please follow me :) that would be soo awsome if you did it would make my day/night :)
Watching the voice and heard my homie in the Foldgers commercial.
Seldom used, but a good night for PIP. Badgers on the big one.
I text you and told you
Dating doesn’t have to be expensive.
28 minutes left!!! :D
You stay talking shit.
inbox me in twitter
hard to complain.
It's #FF! This is a shout-out to all of our new followers! Spread the word! We want to hit 200 by tomorrow!
I just have to say thanks to all of the BDay wishes. I feel blessed to have such great friends! You all really made me feel great! xoxo
Check gone be decent
Smh gay as hell
hit me
yes, let me know when you're around! i have a big list of highly-recommended-yet-still-unvisited cafes to get through...
Sure, use that logic to try and shut up the 99%; maybe complaining is starting to make change happen; and it scares the 1%
#madmen premiere.
Thanks for the follow back! :)
42 yrs ago 2day, I landed in NYC w/ the LA cast of HAiR 2 join the Broadway cast. It changed my life in ways that show up still 2day. Yay!
It's time to let go and live.
ah, no sacrilege at all, then
Was this ? RT : We made it all the way till 2:05 before somebody knocked over a Christmas tree at
Hey! It's Katy and Eli! So glad you're on Twitter =)
they did. Thx
Do I need a laptop for the NeatLine workshop, or can I just bring my ipad?
cool. pilar ust turned 14 in january, and i am turning 14 in august. you?
#PopUpVideo on !! Are they really making new episodes of one of my fav shows?
We promote reading here. A weekend coupon for $10 off the swim system. "iLOVEbook" Will get it
Halfway through my first cup of coffee, dreaming of the second.
progress, right?
yeah same as me. But it hasn't been awful I guess.
Senator Coburn followed by an ad for OneOK? Seriously?
'Boyz n the Hood'. Favorite film of all time. Inspired me to become a filmmaker. Thank u John Singleton
Quick Gym has been around for 4 years and we are still the most contriversial, unbelievable fitness club in CO. Proudly!
good...u need to come back soon
I Know Who Killed Me
it's sad you feel that way smh
sometimes i feel like i'm always getting lied to & i'm just that stupid to believe everything... #stopassumingalia ...
. I'm a fan of Jorge Posada. We grew up together.
thank you thank you!!
lmaoo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT “: Freshmen need to learn how to shut the Fuck up #smalldickbitches”
lmao how cute!
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether can never be apart for long w/o crossing each others mind.
Maxims, our blind pug snores the worst. George and Ira, our Chihuahua brothers try and keep up but there just isn't enough mass
you wont loose Me as a follower
I JUST GOT UP!
I got a main chick a side line and a shorty. I smashed my main chick, I chill with my shorty and my side line be tripping.
So.. Im bouta go get my damn school supplies! Smh.. -_-.
Up fearly once again on my way to work
Xclusiveszone&#39;s V Playlist: Curren$y, Wale, A$AP Rocky, Kelly Rowland, Game, Jeremih
Or destroy/steal your property.
Ex boyfriends -___-
Thanks for tweeting from the debate as I'm at home with the kiddos this evening.
New topic - Do lenses go out of alignment with normal usage?
Hol up, hold up, whoa there...
Unbelievable! So glad we could be a part of it.
xD Okay good. Lol. It was fine. Except. Zerran. DUDE. my THROAT. It feels like I have strep. :/
Bourbon and BURN NOTICE...
Go and try to tear me down, I will rising from the ground like a skyscraper, I love that song
Hipsters suck at Frisbee.
Funny, real funny!!!!! Still laughing
haley lmfao ; [Dylan]: Ey Emily [Me]: wtf? *looks at jason* [Jason]: dylan said it. [me]: huh?! DYLAN!!! *hugs* hahaha
re: coffee That would be awesome! What show was it in the credits?
“ “ i'm really a ride or die type of chick . if your down for me . . i'm most deff down for you !””
6 Days - "Starrs x South West" #SXSW show @ Victory Grill w/ & more
WHEN OUR POWERS COMBINE + + + #AKA's + #ThePrettyGirlsInPearls =
the left coast is good...hope the big apple is doing you well!!!
haha. was the only true talent in that group... JT is overrated!!
Oh woah for you I woulda done whatever , now I just can't believe we aint together .
sounds like a fun day!!!
A Streetcar Named Steetcar
oh God lol I'm gonna start laughing up there
ok no problem I'm off Tuesday I'll leaned it to you on that day
But aren't there some who just want to see the world burn?
#ThingsIDislike two faced bitches. I don't know which face to slap!!
Oh wait, it's haling out
Tell them to get the $200 Season Ticket so they can ensure tickets to that game!
Right now shares are soaring in trading...on a report that is considering buying the energy drink maker
Got some mixes back last night, well on our way to throwing out some tuneskis.
thats cool :") did you like? i been to canada once and austraila really fun places
Success isn't guarenteed, but then again, there wouldn't be a challenge.
I love having conversations with old Jamaican people. They r so cute lol :)
Why is it that when you are sick the only thing that tastes good is Welches grape juice and chicken noodle soup? I hate being sick!
#GoodThingsInTheWorld good people duh!
Totally! PMing you now...
Shout out to you this morning!!
but, there's a Senate race too. :/
Rally to honor #TrayvonMartin. 9pm at the #UVA Rotunda. Wear a #hoodie to show your solidarity.
“If you people wouldn’t have drunk it, I wouldn’t have bootlegged it."- Moe Dalitz
hey thanks >>it really means a lot to me:)
I had you living life like you should • You say you never had it so good <U+272A>
has amazing beer selection. Crowd often on young side, but always a good time. has good drafts.
Super Bowl weekennddddd ;D !!!!!!!!! Legggooo Giants :*
Sorry to hear. My mom died 3 yrs ago. It's sad not to have a mom sometimes, dead or alive. ;-)
stop ! can i though ? cause your getting me mad .
well we for sure like liquor stores, so we'll check 'em out on our sight-seeing trips ;) Our apt 1.5 miles off Pearl St lol
#tie2011 Kuglin, Icloud, digital hub will move from being the PC to the iCloud and the Mac will be demoted, Steve Jobs
Thank you for following us! This month we have great pricing on custom suits, fully tailored. Come on in.
This one is my fav because you are real smiling instead of faking it!!!
Happy St. Patrick's Day!! I am wearing green.
wouldn't it be cool if we could block people in real life, just like on Facebook? one click and poof, you're gone!
New Facebook photos up...
it's difficult but I manage to be nice to you
hahaha. That is a genius idea, actually.
ugh. I don't want to remind someone of their ex.
if you check the breaker panel and it looks OK, look for fuses on the motor unit itself; might have a built-in fuse too
I Wish Ya All a Happy Friendship day!
something sexy about the rain.
#itissadwhen you get to mcdonalds and breakfast is no longer being served !
This is an unbelieveable tragedy that breaks my heart. This must change what was so prevalent in our history.
Thanks Andrea for your RT - love your fashionable portfolio!
Need someone to recommend a good link shortening service. Not real crazy about bit.ly or tinyurl.
I guess 26 is is the new 40 lol thanks guys
Enjoying a burger @ koopers tavern in fells pt.
sounds like it lol but it was a good night!
really?? Must find time to go to WF today!! :)
It sounds like you're having a rough day!
Last Minute Decisions Get Last Minute Results.....
nice cut off lolololol
EVERYTHING IS 65% OFF PEOPLE! Get the store and take advantage of crazy savings! Chika Chika Galleria Henderson, NV will be closed soon! <3
Great Michelle Obama photos: www.barack-obama-photos.com
crossing my fingers for the tablet to be able to plug to an external monitor/projector and printer, if it does we're set to go!
Maddow Coming to Milwaukee, I'm Going. I'm also a 21 year old Assembly candidate for Wisconsin. I'd love to talk to her/ask...
"My mom once gave me a book that was titled Everything A Man Knows About Women and it was totally empty." - Joe Jonas, GQ
we r so happy u came by!! Let us know if there's anything you'd like 2 see at the market!!
Thanks for the RT and congrats on SDT!
Thanks for the kind words Devin! You and have been an absolute pleasure to work with.
Love seeing the topics on which Klout thinks I'm influential - advertising, Rush Limbaugh, stats, Hollywood, actress. Sure! Works for me.
damn jumper's knee. is there an overnight ailment to lessen the discomfort??
How many environmentalists does it take to screw in a passive light bulb? None! And that's the beauty of it.
I wonder how many protesters are just homeless people that want to party.
Thanks for the love. It probably makes sense to share ChiponDeals w/ your companies as well. *
Truth for me as well, Patty. Lessons learned from errors and correcting them helps me be a better individual.
I have a cut on my finger. I don't know where I got it, but it burns.
Going Nude Kisses!
He's NOT the only one laughing!! You look EXPLOSIVE!!!!
#ff to , who's leaving our Boston office to join our "west office" in Colorado. Skype work parties are on the horizon!
wtf guys this isn't kentucky.
#YouAreARepublicanWhen you have the gall to claim that America is a "Christian Nation" and to claim that you're oppressed at the same time.
So ready for the flyers and school to start up again!
"Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that you're ge
Happy R Wayne is back. Too bad we lost everybody else. Even if Luck is great, gonna be a couple years before #Colts are back to form.
wan give me a shout out ? Please & thank you. I'd appreciate that.(:
I'm still a vegetarian! lol
We're glad you loved it!
#makekonyfamous spread the word!
Ok. Can't wait to hear it.
You can't fix govn't without fixing citizenship.
Haha ... Not quite but , really looking forward to it.
NYC-area librarians: Hipmunked flights to Anaheim for Annual + and now freaking out. (Flights $600) Would it be cheaper to just fly into LA?
Follow me! is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!:*
Everything in moderation...except during Mardi Gras when you don't stop til ya drop. tomorrow night with Naughty Professor!!
Happiness is where we find it, but rarely where we seek it. J. Petit Senn
Bitch u like bad kids u RECKLESS
that awkward moment when that is one of my major turn ons
After riding Space Mountain for the first time in 13 years this weekend, I think I can officially declare myself as old.
chanting "Jorts" after that dunk in Denver, CO!
RT : RT “Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.” <U+2015> Benjamin Spock
Beautiful. His place was on the water.He died too young of cancer. My link now is through my son in Houston
I want to see a Celebrity Death Match where Rahm Emmanuel loses. Dont even care who wins. Just want to see him lose.
will be eating here tomorrow... first stop after hotel after arriving in NYC - madison sq. park
Alright awesome, thanks!
shut. up.
I do not, should I?
The things we do for this boy lol. Watching shitty shows for almost 2 hours just to see him perform 1 song. We go hard man!
. welcomes 2pET on sale of Dodgers --"I hope it won't be long before a WorldSeries flag flies at Dodger Stadium"
In the studio today and then playing SOUL STATION tonight at Casa Del Mar in SM-- John Black, John Flower, and James Gadson! 8pm
Great to see you on Twitter!
Another mtg of unmatched intensity at the NEH networks and networks analysis for the Humanities reunion conference!
I hope the ASKP facebook page is changed soon to reflect dropping the "Pro" so I can become a fan.
Here's how you know #SNL is awesome. It's 11:26 and we're still tweeting about it. Seriously, great episode.
I love how discerning my followers are given my constant daily fluctuation of +\- 5 followers
yeah hahaha, I'm jut good like that
RT : Love HTC's new first-time use tutorial screen overlays.
i am not slow is lol just one more thing for me to be adicted to lol i need a smartphone
|_.~-+ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Putting together great raffle prives for safari nights. Dont misa out
Bollier, Eggers: Scholar-Athletes Of The Year
Listening in on Orion's discussion with Maria Melendez, Christian Wiman and Pattiann Rogers
Maybe if we make lemonade....
Okay. *Smiles*
"Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm." — Abraham Lincoln
Hope you feel better soon :)
R&B spotlight at BBKings was dope! Rasheeda wallace always gives an amazing show!
I feel like telling this dude go jump off a cliff....
#PennState is handling this situation horribly. They shouldn't have cancelled JoePa's press conference. Silence is not golden.
Genetics & medical history are extremely important. Adoptees don’t have this information. Get the answers by finding your birth mother.
*Deep sigh*
CAN I GET ANOTHE s/o
Please follow me(: 2
agreed. Very good. Only see it at "special places". :-)
I agree you can't let Hoffman blow another save.
#imagine You: i gotta go now,just call me when u miss me ok? Austin: Ok *ur phone rings*You: Something wrong? Austin: I miss you sweetheart
Keep up the good fight & the pressure for Trayvon Martin!
well done. Well done.
#IfIwonthelotterytonight i would buy and a nice used laptops
It's wonderful (and kind of surprising that it hadn't been done yet).
Lol. Anyone but you could. That's my default response for you.
Welcome Lowell! RT I'll be one of the on-site volunteers are the conference!
Huntington Library=great conference venue. Good to be a Joycean
Cuddling & being cute with him
NO IM IMPRESSED!!!!!
had to follow
Has anyone actually received a lemon from life?
well that just sucks
Mitt of course doesn't sweat at all.
I am trying to secularize my paintings and sculptures from the church of art history and reference derivation. I believe that fundamental...
I know, right?
it's good! we're preparing for the greatest 500 mile dance/hike/story-gathering ever. hitting the trail in less than 2 months now!
Enjoyed how A.J. Cook interrogated the unsub on last night's "Criminal Minds."
Walkin down the road kickin pine cones in my zone
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well used brings a happy death.
It's cool! Don't reply t(-.-t
By opinion about Big Woods Brewing Company..great concept and would enjoy more if more spacious. Luckily ended up with a table on the patio
The time is always right to do what is right.
: "If your plan isn't working, adjust your plan. Never give up." - Matt Martin
Life gets a lot easier when you have a written plan and you work on it everyday until you start seeing the results you are looking for
Happy Easter to everyone! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
Of course :) Its in the works.
Headed home from a long day:( Can't wait to see the #Preds on #CNBCHD :-)
going swimming with my mommy and little brother n sister in a little while.
I'm always game:)
If you "listen" you will play better,you can,t get tight without listening to the other players.don,t be a "pain"..listen up..OK?
lol nah all kendalians are cool with me
......im bored -__- tweet or dm me =] if you want to anyway
Finals are done! Now, 4 weeks off then back to class again. So looking forward to this vacation coming up. Much needed.
I'd like to invite you to follow my page, I'd sure appreciate it!
Come on people #onthebus open some damn windows
it was Amazing!! I got to meet Patricia Heaton and thanks for telling all your friends! #LetMeCheckMyFollowerCount LOL!
I've been gallbladder-less one year today.
Glad we are honored for something! :)
ohh okay wish i was der jus to see u play lol
Some people are just plain rude!
There's a difference between being loved n being idolized
Jets on the way to the AFC Championship...yeah.........
what was your biggest inspiration overall when starting in the scene??
Your welcome! Have a great day! :)
omG look at me now would be gr8.
Love the sound of monsoon downpour : Amazing sound of heavy rain is amazing!
got msg from "Twittersupport" says my acct frozen for violation of terms o svc. But can fix by checking out their ipad offer
like a charm!
I feel as if I can't breathe right now and nothing is right at the moment. Someone shoot me, please.
i i been a huge braves fan since 1990 and chipper is my favorite player great to there some awesome brave fabs out there
I won Rafi :)
I KNOW. How do they know I'm not Muslim.... Ferreal. I can be Muslim. Ima start making Muslim hate videos lol
I liked it. I think the opening credits was my favorite part, though.
we are all pretty much made the same. our foundation is our heart but we don't all love the same.
dcig will be at #LegalTech can you reach out for a briefing?
baby, you gotta take me out if you plan on getting lucky!
super nice benz. let's hope he's okay.
Joe, any timeframe on return?
thanks for laughing with us, great pic!
Thank god I got that test out the way done with skool til the fifteenth
You can't do anything without creating an account. Yea I just wanna buy these bag of chips real quick--Alright well set up a password and...
Let me stay with you till Saturday
I SAID JAYS ON MY FEET. AND THEY LOOKIN REAL NEAT!
I'm going too. It's gonna be great.
ok....going to lay down..and see when the Landlord shows...if he shows...thanks for listening...
Phrenology is rapidly growing in public favor. Professor A. A. Demuth at 101 1/2 Grant Avenue is the phrenological expert of this city.
"but even the sun sets in paradise"
hand sanitizer as the least effective lube ever.
RedHawk would say that, damn! Now, that's wild..
aw :) y'all at noche?
I'd chalk it up as a win then :)
How about the Spurs just keep the trend of proving people wrong this year.
then needs to come cool it down
Woohoo! updated Terminal B with a Starbucks inside the gate area. That makes me super happy!
“: Did I drink too little or too much?” UR still typing too little I think
Also, is my American hero.
so you still have to pay for them?
let's take down some drug cartel partner. We ride together. We die together.
. Congratulations on an amazing run of "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum." Hilarious! Last perf today at 3 PM.
#youknowwhatsannoying when u want 2 make a bootycall & cant cause u dont have anyone 2 call!!
I heard all the fashionable cougars are hanging at Burlap ===> : It's Friday!!! What's your plan for date night?”
Good morning mermaid fans I am sorry about the broken link to buying my book I am on it, it will be fixed ASAP
Laying out :)
The #Christian on his Knees sees more than the world on its tiptoes
can't wait for tonight!
Business Costco today from 11am - 2pm 222 MLK 89106. A beautiful day to be hungry!! Come get some too! USARainbow...yummy!
The average chocolate bar has 8 insect legs in it.
Foster the People remind me a bit of the Wonders.
Bet the are stoked to be 3-3 on this young season. Big series win today.
Couldn't function with out it!
Relaxing into the change of season. What are you going to do this summer?
Good couple of days writing - in the studio tomorrow laying vocals...
Beauty has a lot to do with character. R ya sweet, sexy, playful? RT
good luck brian wish i culd come 2 c and hear ya play im a big fan but i will b there in heart and spirit :) peach!
Pirate Radio Portland returns tonight at 9pm ... www.pirateradioportland.com ... Good times with cheap booze
It is a beautifully lush morning in Broad Ripple.
right after I read this little big town - little white church came on... You have great taste in music
haha i dont even now how she followed me:D seriously 1 day i checked my yshoo and it sed there chachi gonzles is following u
With all the social-net changes, I've decided it’s time I changed. Dependance should never be this frustrating.
. True, there is no reliable source of jrnl pub'n history. But we can be clearer which titles have some/any dig pres'n.
So many movies coming out soon that I want to see! What are you guys wanting to see??? <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>
over-processed hair-_-
Birthers: because God might not like ugly, but he certainly doesn't seem to mind stupid.
love ur energy!!!!!
For those who haven't gotten the vodka joke, its a running gag from
I think somebody hacked my page
Welcome, Mr.!
I seriously hate TweetDeck, but there is no viable alternative. Misses tweets and fb status updates all the time!!!
deciding to put m&ms in my fruit-yogurt parfait was by far my best decision of today
oh lord that is awful! It's not even June yet! HL&P thanks us as well.
The rest of the semester is going to be hell...zombie Serven will be revived.
One day as I came home early from work, I saw a guy jogging naked
where are you planning on going?
...who God truly is. God doesn't need to do wrong to you to win you over. The glory already belong to him. Love doesn't force obedience.
F**k wat anybody gotta say imma still do me rather u lik it or not..!!
Hakuna matata. I've been feeling good about life ternary get out this slump.
Knee Deep-Parliment---Wish you was in the studio with me were having old school jam session:) whats your #1 old school jam RT
I'm looking 4 my big break... big screen where u at?
I go to write happy birthday on my friends wall and i'm not friends with him. His girlfriend blocked me idk why she's def jealous
thanks so much!!!
Just tried to order a salad and asked for no lettuce when I meant no onion. I think my brain is officially fried for the week
Just changes laces on my black dress shoes. Wonder if people will ask why I wasted my 1,703rd tweet on that, instead of Whitney Houston.
Thanks for your time and energy! RT : Excited to help with TV Pledge Night for tonight with !
Nordstrom is having a gift with purchase of at least $125 of beauty products.. the gifts has many brands.. looks good.
Lol second time this week! I feel for you guys
amen to that!
Well, a nearly dead dell laptop.
Texas lege freaks out AGAIN...tell me, just how hard is it to emigrate to Denmark?
Tonight = 1st chance to dig into /'s #gmtb3 play (that I'm directing). Exciting challenges ahead.
Bass & drums recorded for new demo. Next up: Guitars!
The hardest part about business is minding your own.
"Bringing the Lessons Home is an important life experience." YES.
Thanks man! ur next!!
": ": We all have that one friend who we greet with an insult. #DamnRightQuote" " haha
Dayton is chill but I should have gone to UCSB
I think that may have been my favorite play of the game!
Wonderful- judging from the odor - my dog is in desperate need of a bath! :p
with liberty and coffee for all...
I would 'officially' commit myself if that was the case in Minne. “: The official snow season in Anchorage ends June 30th.”
I meant r u a guy or girl
En route to Chicago...
Everything abt yesterday was unplanned! Want to meet up in Manhattan today? I have to be at Carnegie Hall at 715 PM. Free before.
Palindrome of the day: "Was it felt? I had a hit left, I saw."
awesome pic of you in Iceland!
Wow, I'll say it again....Walt is an incredible badass! Great ending to season 4. Can't wait for season 5!
Happy Holidays everyone! Lanes for NYE are selling quick! Call us today to reserve your lane! Just a min. of 8 required! 617.437.0300 X127
Got a loan from Western Sky. Missed a payment and now I legally belong to the reservation....
Happy birthday !!!!!!
A company with A rating and highly approved by B - -The best Pests Exterminators in Atlanta - Visit now for more info tinyurl.com/yelv6qq
I promise no more changing it for the week.
Being insecure doesn't mean you want attention,it means you need someone to say "your enough to be beautiful" .<U+2665>
I couldn't agree more!
"This time last year, we were here, and there's so much more that I know now that I didn't know back then."
Ha Everything.
wonder how many people have your bbm...
i want some supplies if ya know what i mean
Dolphin time!
On May 6, 1954, 25-year-old British medical student, Roger Bannister, ras a mile in less than four minutes. Awesome.
omg new bestfriend, i love Damon too, but Delena just simply isint my ship
If anyone wants to catch me masturbating just walk by my house my windows open while I'm dapin' one out! ahhahahaha
We never know the love of our parents for us till we have become parents.
better than #chili johns ?
I was just there about a month ago! I owe you guys an email. Let's set up a conf call to discuss!
sorry guys. sorry. meghan, i have a bone to pick with u.
Dear High School, Grow up. Love, Pretentious College Student-To-Be
It's the last day of April and the sunshine is on its way! Look for our May book display on famous moms coming soon.
part of being social is helping spread the news?
Mayweather won I see........meanwhile in the philippines
Nothing like spending Friday night painting paper towel rolls white.
Follow me on instagram @ ImSoConceited Come I Will Shout Ya Out! !!
Let's get you to IMG stat to get you an agent!
It's pretty cheap now, & I'm a long-time Denise Austin fan and swear by her DVDs. It's an inexpensive way to stay in shape.
Im so tired of females tellin they ugly homegurls "bitch you badd" STOP IT THAT DONT MAKE EM BADD BECAUSE YOU SAID IT IT MAKE YOU A LIAR
I help Columbus businesses & Twitter users reward each other. Follow me 2 join in the Tweet Love & rewards! Free food & more coming soon.
What a book a devil's chaplain might write on the clumsy, wasteful, blundering, low, and horribly cruel work of nature! Charles Darwin
RT I want to sleep for like, 48 hours
"You found the perfect man by looking at his Facebook profile?" "No, I googled him."
FINALLY!! 7 freaking years! GO !! #PacersNation now go get ready to play Miami!
#Idol is seriously amazing this season! First season start 2 finish. Hello & you.are.amazing! Truly blessed talent
At cedars social - dinner, drinks & mavs!
Some Live & Die For Manna. Manna Was Supposed To Be Temporary. There Maybe Giants In That Promised Land. But I'm Well Able & I'm Going! You?
thanks! support the troops
yeah you are pretty ugly dude haha
#Iwoulddoanything for a chance to become a successful singer, and be able to date a boy named Vinny who brings out the real me! I luv him <3
RT : Out to dinner with one of my favorites! Eating for a good cause!
The Yellow Birds, about the Iraq war, sounds compelling.
Ha! Just a one hit wonder...Coach Johnson has 4 #ironmanwi finishes under his belt!
hell yeah! We love you too! Make sure you come say what's up to us!
I really wish I could be like ! She is such an inspiration and she is amazingly gorgeous! And Alli if you see this I<3 you :)
off to the Clevleand library for the CFPB town hall meeting, which starts, gulp, in 4 minutes.
“: Thanks for the retweet, buddy!” - no prob dude. Trying to learn how to tweet.
TIP: when you are tired, rest.
Congrats to Boston Bruins Championship - what a great decade for Boston sports!
when is this ?
Who wants to jump up on some blackops for 360?
I don't hate these LSU uniforms.. But I still hate the entire team
You can do anything you set your mind to. Sometimes that means a sorority gets tortured in your basement, but at least you have goals.
its a pain going to the other side of the BX.
Great post Erin!
Not bad. When teaching, I always try to convince somebody to make a Dino Comics generator.
Thanks so much! I'm definitely blessed. :)
Gracias!!! Dinner was unbelievable.
About to sleep
Sometimes having two sisters isn't that bad.
Sounds good to me! Thanks for joining us!
Dude, there will be other bikes! What size/style do you have in mind. Or is it that model that you have your heart set on?
I just. Why is this happening to me? This song is so good. oh my god.
thanks guys!
This weekend was the craziest weekend ever. I love my life so much.
Nan Hunter: "The has a charming habit of not realizing that an issue... actually exists until it applies to NY." bit.ly/kYZMd8
haha y'all the ones who be cashin out
Drinking Coconut Coffee:)
Cant wait for that extra hour sleep tonight!! Oh wait.
Yee(: okay i gtg i'll Tweet you later c:
in Akeelah and the bee was the funny kid from the speeling bee as cool in real life as he was in that film?
Aw. That made me laugh just now!!! Miss you!
damn!!! Lucky ass dude lol .... they're literally perfect!!! I'm sure there's much more behind the scenes than just that ;)
Excited! Hosting a fundraiser for my fellow Morehouse Alum Rep. Cedric Richmond, in Houston, Feb. 18th.
I followed you so you can follow back. If you use HR or power meters Premium is worth a look. Otherwise, no.
Ok cool , I stay with moma
For more information, email
...Hello, Minneapolis/St. Paul.
thanks! I just emailed you
Tammy is childish and kesha is scary af
MY HEAD HURTS .-.
its a photoshoot...
gotta run out and pick up some vermouth!
I don't have anything interesting to say right now so
#GOODMORNING 2 U 2. & I WASNT. LOL. IT WAS DARK N THE CLUB FLASH ON MY PHONE ALMOST BLINDED ME. LOL. WHATS UP WIT U?
Happy birthday my lovely Joey! I love u SO much! I wish I could thank ur mommy personally for bringing u into this world.
no problem! & thanks as well :) xx
Every spring I say I wanna start riding again but I never do. Gotta get on that shit over the summer!
Hahahahaha! Did a teacher really email you back in all caps?! Who?! xD
Refs cheating us fukers
Seriously, SiteCore is
I guess if my dad won't go to the driving range with me, the second best thing we can do is watch the yankees<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Engineering PhD Studentship Functional Materials
Have fun, relax and enjoy your evening wherever it may take you & in whatever you do. :-)
We need just a few more followers to reach 1000. Thanks to all of the recent followers for helping us get to this point.
Get it RT : if your Twitter bio line is just "keeping it real" I will follow you no questions asked you sound cool
that camera loves you
Making mistakes is cool. Learn from them and move on from them. Making the same mistakes over and over... not as cool. Stop doing that.
We hope you are having a great time!
boss being a boss, enough with the chit chat we smoking a schlemko or what,
So jealous of all these little child wonders being cast in "Annie" on broadway.. I cant even get cast in community theatre..
Ditto! omg I can't WAIT for fantasy football!!!
Rachel is messing with the church's money. Smh. Get er outta there.
Got sick from Anna :'( not cool bro.
Lame! I'll send you pictures :D hehe
Wholesale gone mobile. Find out what we have in stock, and where we will be.. Orlando | 4074864387
thanks ma dude!
Driving while using a cell phone reduces the amount of brain activity associated with driving by 37 percent (Carnegie Mellon)
I'm sick nshit
having a deep conversation about the dark side of botox & plastic surgery and how addicting it can be. Aging is beauty, embrace it ladies..
perfect see u then
“You can't base your life on other people's expectations.” -Stevie Wonder
Many Black men were murdered by other Black men w/the last words being "Ima kill you ni*ga/er." And ppl try to say the meaning has changed!!
Welcome to the city & your new internship! Looking forward to hearing about your research.
Free samples! TY capitalism RT It seems it's easier for men to get Viagra than it is for women to have access to contraception.
The carnival was actually a whole ton of funn. (:
I may just have to buy a pair (: I work as a server, so I know ALL ABOUT achy feet, hehe!
I just had over 2,o contacts in my phone cus I downloaded Facebook. I undownloaded that shit too quick.
Busy, busy day. Tons to do and no time to do it!!
love these! Have them in black.
Save the date! The 2011 "Spayghetti & No Balls" Bash at ICC is on April 8th! Benefits and provides spay & neuter resources!
Our #cildc workshop went great today. I worry too much.
If you like dub step your a homo
Thanks Tracy!
face value. $240 for both.
Heyy my Followers Its Official I Got A Boyfriend <33
We will be at the #PITT Blue and Gold Weekend selling our Pitt Slyder Game
Rant stifled.
can you follow me!?(:
#primaryschoolconfessions everyone was your enemy and your best friend..
Been reading on a kindle for more than a month, yet when I stop reading for the night, I still reach for a bookmark.
Thanks everyone! We have our winner! Check your direct messages to see if you won!.
The Bellmen just got another daytime show for
Stay tuned! At 530PM today we will be tweeting an opportunity to meet Bolivar Fraga one-on-one! *cue dramatic music
First thought in my head probably closest: Helping people learn and improve. hearing that I've made a difference in performance.
Want to make changes, but don`t think I can stand not seeing you anymore.
(it's too bad some ppl w/ substantive religious conviction cant see Tree for the magisterial work of religious art that it is.)
"I just sit back and see what the walls are gonna look like"...wonders what Shug Avey is gonna put on there NOW.
YOU really do inspire ME. Lots of love x
Ughh I miss s voice?../:
Theres 114 pages of scary movies on this website.omg,
haha I'm from Indianapolis, there's hundreds of em
We hope so too. Safe travels. MT : I'm hoping I can still make it to #nasi2012 day 2 - had some flight challenges
#IfYouKnowMeWell you may be intimidated
sorry, not going to make it out today...having problems with my propane stove
RT : We're headed west again. #Artforall will be installing today in Queensgate, Price Hill, Northside & Saylor Park!
#IfICouldWishForAnything it would be for a cure. <3
Happy Birthday !<3
Love the Irie Bean...What is your go to order??
God why does my #septum ring always fucking smell !
Funny Videos - Prank Gone Wrong Knock Out: via lol!!!he asked for that
omg :o
i know you won't ! aver que dice "GOYITOOO!"
ah... I like that idea
My childhood priest wore a bunny suit every Easter. Obviously, he was a furry.
Pumped! Planning is over!!
You must know the rules to obey them....ignorance is no excuse for poor products
I am watching The Killing on AMC. Have you seen it? ": Where is everyone?"
Come to me, all who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest #matthew11:28
Ive realized that im my biggest critic....
Ugh. Arrived 1 min late! You're evil! Now I don't feel so bad about sending you out for (xmas party) space heaters 2 years ago! :)
Hi from sunny Vegas!
OK, ok. How about post-2005?
I love scotch scotch scotch down it goes down to my belly
I'm bout to head over
ipod touch you can be on twitter
#20ThingsAboutMe #19: I LOVE to read.
Frustrated by Adobe Software's customer support - I've used their products since 1990, spending over $10,000 with them - they won't help me?
Pirate game swaag [:
#nuggets #thunder is becoming quite the rivalry
I knew it! Lol That is a southern saying
by the time I finish teaching, drive and park, i fear the tasting will be over.
David Levithan is coming to our teen book club tom., Sun 9/17 at 5:30pm for his new book EVERY YOU, EVERY ME. Open to the public!
we are adding new categories every year - categories were chosen based on the impact the awards could have on the industry
I am so full of ideas and still on Mountain Time... Will I ever fall asleep? ;) #ASTD2012 was truly awesome!
hey you got your Joseph Morgan picture and u aren't crying in it!! Me and my mom were in front of u in line!:P good pic!
Sigh, story of my life... ;-( RT : I jus wanna fuck and you wanna talk
Fate it seems has brought about a sence of irony!
If you're with a teaching center, how do you use Twitter? Just announcements? Conversations? Something else?
haha... That's highly doubtful.
Thank God I found this job, loving it and good pay #Blessed #AwesomeBoss :-D
Lindsay Braun. (this is Frank's wife). Don't even PRETEND you don't know about the awesomesauce that is the Hunger Games.
Easton road actually goes to Easton. Who knew?
Ah - it's a make things happen kind of week. Best way to fill your life with the things you want. Got to keep pushing it forward. :-)
Ball so hard
follow me PLEASE. Id be sewww hoppyy.
“: What do y'all know about Sweetback? That album is dope. "Au Natural" with was my cut!” I'll 2nd that.
yea...i'm just getting pissed cuz they are acting like they own them, and calling us names and we haven't even done anything.
“Each cup of tea represents an imaginary voyage.”~Catherine Douzel
I need to learn to love from a distance, the more I keep loving the more I keep getting my heart broken because u don't love me the same way
came by to learn how #genealogists find family. Will we make it on the 6 o'clock news?
yeah, the pub i was at slowly roared loudly as 'I'll Have Another' came from behind !
i love you darling<3
You are one organized little m'f'er. Kudos to you, sir.
Merry Christmas!!! And a Happy New Year!
On & off the field: what makes a great celebrity marketer: 7 key factors via (on the field performance is just one)
Ouch. That doesn't sound fun. Next time I am in Lex, I'd like to see you!
Pressed the easy button for dinner tonight. Ordered domino's using my phone. It's extra nummy because it's sI simple!
Thank You Congrats..*does happy dance*
then its time for u to feel up straight again. talk to me mate. Here to guide and help
our residency at continues TONIGHT with We're on at 10pm
awesome, well come say hey we'll be around the merch table most all day!
alright bye lovely ! <U+2764>
Seeing on June 13th at the Del Mar Fair :D
how in the flyin flippin fuck am i gonna yell at you when im TYPING!?
bout time! Congrats on the engagement!! Very exciting news
I think Dear John looks like a really good movie. I also think Channing Tatum is a really good actor. I also have a tongue firmly planted.
Walkin home from mt vernon. #carTroubles love the walk
One industrial sized jar of Nutella please
RT : Just reached 4 million Twitter followers. IS THIS GOOD ENOUGH FOR YOU, DAD?!??
I been on the phone for over an hour and my ear is on fire
M I hop was good :-) dad took us out to eat for Thanksgiving <3
I cant talk to someone that i cant even chill w, no*
Did jaycie want us to come over!?
I can't go a day without someone making up something about me.
Can humans survive beyond low earth orbit? YES. The Apollo Moon missions proved this some 40 years ago now
Bowling talk: Tyler "r u gonna get a turkey" "o no I prefer chicken breast yum!
50, 60 people tops trying to incite madness while chanting "peaceful protest."
Idk why I find myself always hoping this is going to work. It's not. Moving on.
You're my bestest friend in the whole world now, okay?
Gorgeous! RT I LOVE THIS!! : How To Make Your Intentions Come True: An Illustrated Guide intent.com/yumi/blog/how-…
LOVE those tots. They're my obsession too!
Mad ~ Ne-yo
Split double tall sugar free vanilla free pour two equal no foam not too hot latte. I hate myself.
The more publicly visible we are, the more likely a public outcry will happen when funding is cut.
thanks, you too!
Not at all it a lifestyle that both enjoy being married and in love while exploring both sexual desires
"Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it." Leonardo da Vinci #quote... so use your time wisely!
Sure. I'll get 9 people to confirm (that's $10 a pop) and then I'll lock it down. :)
Lauper was So Unusual. But she proved that Money Changes Everything. Time After Time, she was never able to Bop quite like the first.
So it essentially does what QuickPWN did for free for $7
Going to my second free open bar at McFaddens this week. How does that place ever make any money?
I'm having a Great time!!! I love my daddy <3
John Hodgman should have been the announcer this year.
got a drone I can borrow? RT Based on what I remember, an air strike is the only solution.
Is the only contestant on any show on tv I have ever voted for <3 bc he made me happy tears & has stretched ears xoxo
ah that's crazy
My executive producing effort Not Another Not Another Movie with Burt Reynolds and Chevy Chase is now on Netflix! Check it out! RT
Ravens are going to have so many good players pick from
yes at replay a friend of mine runs it. Plus the bartender sings at alehouse
I didn't know it was your birthday today!!! I hope it was great!!!
Don't miss out on this one of a kind property - totally renovated. Open house this weekend www.halfcosthome.com Remax Results
People be stuck in the past like stfuuuu about high school it was wack
Our pleasure. We hope to make this a yearly sales event. I hope you have a blessed day!
Fun, perk-filled day at work today. Breakfast, grill-out for lunch and drinks at 5:30.
Kunal, ain't no one better at what they do than Glad ya liked that article as well, she's an amazing writer right
if you were good in grammar you would've understood my last tweet .....
"Bully" v. To verbally intimidate 15 year olds using a position of power and name-calling. Looks like South Park got it right
Did anyone else wake up with a hangover as a result of the Cinco de Mayo festivities??!! :-/
Trader Joe's: The store that likes to appear as if everything they sale is of top quality at low prices, but is really mediocre at best.
Such a great post, Jeffrey! Happy to share it :)
Organizational question: What dept oversees and manages the #TravelPolicy in your organization? #Procurement #Travel #Accounting??
Youre appearance on fareed Z was a moving & truth moment!! Thank you for sharing your unimaginable experience!
There was once when cried. We had a white t-shirt shortage that year. It was horrible.
i need to stop going to vendor training. they are insulting to anyone with a brain.
"Chasing females ain't apart of my grind"
Ha! Somewhere new to visit next time I'm in the city.
Just saw the video. That does not look good.
Scotland Yard Pub: Football tonight at 8:30! Gonna be HUGE!!
The more people talk about the health benefits of olive oil the happier I get.
That was Skype. Sorry for the typo # umdet
Great show. Which one said that?
- What is your asking price?
I know she won't follow me, because she only follow #83 persons... :(
Son of Science of Obscurity tmrw night @ Jupiter Outpost. Stop by & catapult your ill-conceived writing assignments, college theses, etc...
I think I might be going back to hike the South Fork Trail this weekend.
Fact: A male dancer lifts over 1-1/2 tons worth of ballerinas during performances.
anyone read Zmuda's Breaking Free from Myths About Teaching and Learning: Innovation as an Engine for Student Success -recommend?
For serious!
Fingers crossed those grumpy-making reviews are not from me! PS for you & Heather: "The Train" is my favorite B. Lancaster.
On the road again
Seriously, what do you feed that guy? “: If Doc is tired after 90 mins of action, he's not showing it #2OT”
Your paint colors are the very best.
I know ahahha
get on fb i need to tlk to u asap like now
we need to visit fountaindale pl and compare notes! Sounds like we're exploring the same things with digital media.
I'm trippin.
SAT word of the day: vicissitude (n.) event that occurs by chance
Work Hard, Chill Harder.
passing the jay
Sun finally comes out in time for the USNS Mercy sailing out of San Diego Bay.
Strangers With Candy can solve all of life's problems.
I cant wait to meet you next week, on Tuesday, at Rock Star Academy!(:
I'm busy bro dude
Ok, to be fair, they are old videos that need to be on my channel. THEY ARE REVERENT!
What do you guys think of the ap so far?
RT See a race like does in the latest
For some reason, I can't stop thinking about you. </3
didnt hit up the dropbox yet- had to do some work last night too
Well it is friday, feels like fall, and I am out of milk for my coffee.. almost a perfect day :)
Thanks & ! Yes, tomorrow, I'll be talking about using #socialmedia to find a #job on !
Looks like my account was hacked. Sorry about the spam!
People can write anything, but if I block you, I don't/won't read it. Likewise I can write anything. If you don't like it, don't read it. :)
I don't have a tough skin, but I will listen never the less.
At Blur Sky be sure to tell them at the register you are supporting the fundraiser so Foundation gets the credit!
Up to early -__-
sigh. yes, the makeup remover isn't quite working today.
Let's grow our leaders!! Outcomes of HRD Decisions through Development Stages #CLOsym workshop.
#plpnetwork Q3 when all in your community are welcome, valued, and respected.
Round two, lets go!
New CandySwipe game update in the android market "No more false swipes" If you go off track you will hear a pop etc see notes in market
Be the first 1500 to purchase your Early Bird Special ticket from our website and click on the showclix logo! via
Thanks for the RT guys!
he plays some good songs.
what's going on with,kris??
Olympus foreign investors call for board re-think
New year lights pathways to go do good.
I feel so fat right now.. -___-
really sorry I missed. I was in a work meeting. Hope you rocked! #i'msureyoudid
My goal during #bannedbooksweek is not to promote books that have been challenged, but to protect the freedom to choose for ourselves.
Attention all steak lovers! Coa's Steak Torta is a hit! Grilled flank steak, topped with let, tom, fresh avocado, and onion!
It was great, as usual. :) thanks!
i think i accidently unfollowed someone???
That tired feeling where you feel like you're going cross eyed and copious amounts of caffeine does absolutely nothing to help
to bad you'll never read mine :/
Design talk with Michael Nieling of was stellar! THX to the MIAD crew for putting it together!
Those fans that can't take a joke..... I'm seriously just gonna stop commenting on 's statuses.
Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Girl !
any promo codes out there for buying bids at a discount ?
Raj Smoove, The Greatest Dj In The World
Retirement is like the river - it flows by and doesn't return.
can you walk me somewhere , Margret Oxthodox . beauty store
My Mom made me who I am, stood by every decision I made, and drinks wine and margaritas with me until we're both goofy. I love you, Mommy.
Either that or just stop going to work in the mornings :)
that's not healthy to lie .... its unhealthy for the.mind
Charlie Sheen could have stayed off TV indefinitely as far as I'm concerned.
Is it beero'clock yet?RT : Margarita Mondays! For only $6 you can enjoy our house recipe, or a variety of great flavors
Bout to hit the pillow got a lot to do in the a.m.
That was beautiful, that low blow <3
you on fire with those quotes.....I can hear screaming "ROCK BOTTOM! ROCK BOTTOM!" now.
Thanks for checking in on #Foursquare this past weekend! I hope you enjoyed your stay
oh yeah? Maybe I should quit Twin Peaks while I'm ahead. But someone killed Laura Palmer!
So stoked to chill with everyone on warped tour!
Hey - if "borrowing" your newly won Butler Bag (w/GPS) gets you to visit me in CLT , then go for it!
Baby it's you. Your the one I love. Your the one I need. Your the only one I see. <U+2764>
my only plan for Anaheim is to have fun. Usually I'm trapped in committee meetings.
Spilled milk joke was not funny. Don't reward that with a laugh.
I went through a light as it turned red
Hello Twitter - I'm back!
i love how i'm always the first of my friends to admit a guy is cute
rehydrating like a champion. Glad you're feeling better.
Good news: No more mock drafts and 24 hour nonsense on SportsCenter. Bad news: Back to Tim Tebow.
it's some sick fuk as out there I had a bad chick ask me to piss on her
RT : has recognized #Columbus, Ohio as a top city for African Americans to live, work & do biz.
.'s Moor Skin, a part of their 17thc repository. Had hair, penis, soles of feet. Gross & Awesome. bit.ly/o9uMB2
#BETGameOn : Knowing how the show has come back on air, how do think the show has helped or encouraged others on relationships?
I can't wait until June :$
Your social network is NOT my social network via
say somethin!! Go Bucks!!
champions never quit Hubbs
Yes. Now that I've seen Braun prove his innocence I do believe him.
and I agree...Klout is a standardized test for social media- and not in a good way!
You don't fund the schools, then you are surprised that kids are out in the streets shooting one another?
Every time we see a new pledge-to-join on the rolls, thousands of new tender seedlings on local farms sing a little song.
It's definitely a process and not an easy one.
how you doing?
Thanks for the follow!
Seems like the Reps. grew some cojones and yold it like it is. The Incentive pkg. Is all lib pork. Mrkt is not happy.
We value the martial arts to also be a life performance vehicle, something that can be applied to better yourself in all life pursuits.
how about improvements on the field! 20 years and 90% have been losing.
Hope I'm there to hear you, I live right by the Stadium.
Not very interested. has a clear cut plan to DLC me straight into the ground. This is 1 of 3 more.
Ready to delve in 2012.
Haha I'm starving!!! Dnt tease me
Should of went to Rogers :(:(:(:(
I'm nerd-gasming SO hard. And it's 's fault. Totally. #thanx!
Time to start my day
Yea Buddy!!!
Dig in and find a new angle, dammit!
Oh, ok. We've never done TV. It's a whole new project for us. But we already have a good start I think
Yup! but imma eat ice cream so I'm good :)
hahahaha oh my gosh. But do you SEE how beautiful it is outside today?! Everything just sounds better.
Thank you!
Nice to Skype-meet you yesterday on 's Alaska Edition! Stay safe in DC
lol absolutely adorable I had to pin them in Pinterest!
And those huge doors that open make your inside feel like outside!
Council caucus. Meeting with county reps to discuss re-entry programs. Jobs and voting.
the 23 :D ill buy your ticket!:D
I need new music in my phone
"BALL SO HARD MUTHAFUCKAS WANNA FINE ME!" "Grandma just pay the parking ticket..."
A leader is a dealer in hope. -Napoleon Bonaparte
please buy the annoying whistling fan some peanuts or something to shut him up!
six more weeks.
oh I know. I know.
Happy New years!
perhaps. shoot me an email at kristineide at gmail dot com.
Your premium brand had better be supplying something unique, or it is not going to get the business.
Yep that was some gay shit to me
Naw she cant get enough she suck it wen she want it up
Awesome! So many books--sad to see how many didn't get sold. :-(
The new Wes Anderson movie looks funny and cute.
Matt Barnes...WOW
Can't waite for shameless to come back on love it
I forget. Something about uniting teams? I feel like I'm bad at that
Both tears and sweat are salty, but they render a different result. Tears will get you sympathy; sweat will get you change. ~ Jesse Jackson
Well put! We're focusing on the prayer part. That's why we're building this prayer-app. Please see: www.birdofprayer.org
Then why aren't they treated the same?
Poor thing! It's a sign that we want you to stay in Colorado!
I've never been less impressed with a performer.
it was awesome!
-smiles- Great! I can't wait
": I am goin to c for the first time in a month lol #excited" <-excited also, on my way
The grass is always greener where you water it.
Hostels, Hotels, Apartments, Houses... All you accomodation needs with BIG discounts on XhostelX.com | www.xhostelx.com
That pretzel was so good.
God made coke god made pepsi god made me oh so sexy god made rivers god made lakes god made you Well.......we all make mistakes
I'm getting a divorce.
A pantry? like where you keep the canned goods?
: Want to win a Just Follow and ask your friends to do the same.
Real time reactions could* be interesting if done in right way, but why here vs.Twitter?
Good Morning... "HAPPY FRIDAY"
I haven't forgotten about you fam! Getting started on that #Str8Profit logo asap!!
Finally! Time to watch some re-runs of my favorite show.
Lets win it all RT : Hawks win! We're going back to the final!
Hey baby!
4 shots of espresso at midnight was a weird choice…
not used to three week long exam periods........
miss seeing you guys on tv, is it April 2nd yet?? :-)
Those boys so performed beyond expectations. We lost 4 of 5 starters from last year. It was a "rebuilding" year. Next year! :)
Congrats winner of The Family Cup 2012!!
No one can let you down if you're not leaning on them. People can't hurt you unless you allow them to.
workflow gets more complicated over multiple devices
or how about: my bad Mr. Rivera. Did you need this? Here...go long #Yankees #toosoon?
done and thank you!
haha #3sinhockey well glad you liked em man, more on the way i promise. any suggestions let me know!
it did look like a yummy recipe, m brussel sprouts!
It would be our pleasure to serve you! Maybe on #PjSunday! ;) BrewCityGuru
Things were going to good something bad was bound to happen
Bogota borough administrator resigns as Little Ferry CFO
What. A. Day. So glad I went to Lexington today, thats not something u get to witness everyday
Even up 4-0, Barcelona refuses to coast: they continue to flop around and cry to the ref.
Hey #Albuquerque, we're bringing back the Fun Bunch for #Leap Day. Stop in tomorrow (2/9) and take home a smile for $9.99. RT ok!
not for your language? are you speaking arctic adventure again?
i mean the stupid stuff like Taliban Pro or Michael Bay Pro we can laugh at. But the lag comp is just rage-inducing.
How are you! Have you checked out any of our Educational Childrens toys?
the pervier the better (;
That's called KARMA for taking that fumble away earlier in the game!!!
Dope track fam. Real talk.
will be on 106&park today EXCITED shes my favorite female artist
Haha they have zero tweets Judy RT : Follow
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
close. I'm 19
gonna be interesting when guerrier comes back. coffey is clearly the odd man out, but will we eat another guaranteed contract?
showers on this friday afternoon. . . the garden and lawn welcome it!
so disappointed. not enough students w/ 3G access to run the qr code scav hunt. we could have if we had wireless access...
Streetcar tickets bought. I'm scared rewatching the Brando version will make me biased against Blair.
That Lady Gaga analysis is one big bowl of crazy.
thanks for stopping by Maryvale sir! Great to see ya again Frank
cause you never invite me over
Suck my pseudo-dipteral peristyle, Greek monumental architecture!
In the "Mapping the Musetech Landscape" session at #mw2012, I included 'dirigibles' as a tool… got removed. cc\
same here where are you at?
Definitely! But not all hard work...a few parties & a performance theater
Valentines is getting Negroes broke
ouch. ": Whitney Houston dying is worse than when Michael Jackson was alive."
I guess that's true :3
I had missed that blog post. Thanks so much for sharing, Drew! I can't wait to see your progress. You sir, are an inspiration.
we need to ride the same bus.
Tired af but I have so much to do.
Come feel the Heat this Friday @ The New Vibe Lounge 3600 N. Pulaski. Hip Hop, Top 40, Bachata, Reggaeton. DJ Double O & DJ Xotic. $100 Btls
Sitting in class waiting to knock this last final out... Nervous
Good man! RT: “: Drinking water at the game. Staying on the diet.”
guyz iv got 420 followers and i need 30 more to get to 450!!! plz follow ill follow u bck and ill mention u!!! plzzz
Soccer tonight.
Am recuperating from the long weekend holidays. And starting off the New Year sober.
Fuck That Need Some Pinky UH-O It's Problems Bitch.
Really wondering what to do next... #killer #fml;(
Hey , is waiting for the follow from you. #AustinFollowHer :}.
aw so cute! Boy or Girl?
aww no! Did Bryan forget? And it was okay, pretty much a normal day besides the chocolate I got.
Chicken 65 is priceless :D
you should! See my post from last week
you should of wore a hat. Lol
Any chance you might want to come to Milwaukee? I am the GM of Harbor House. We have a great oyster menu! Luv 2 have u here!
the slow red fox hopped over the tired dog.
Program ranks right up there with family as a positive life experience - and was described as family, too.
C'mon, refs: receivers step on a football field, and they're no longer defenseless. That hit on Moss was so clean it made Chuck Cecil puke.
please follow me. I'm a huge fan <3
i really haven't gotten off the couch all day...
ate some now just sit here and be bored
absolutely! Hey Nate, Dove Style Launch party is Feb 4th..7pm-10pm...hope u can make it!
THIS SONG IS HARDER THAN BALLS TO SING.. It's fine, don't worry about it. I will probably just rip my vocal chords during rehearsal!
Thanks David! And cool pic, I remember Pappas had the same picture in his office too!
#ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend only can have. &hearts;
RT : Sunday morning fun facts: San Diego State is 54-6 since the beginning of the 2010-11 campaign, best record in the nation
Emily: Cahill indictment has other state officials furiously scrubbing their names from "Welcome to Mass." and other kinds of signs
RT : Yankee Hotel Foxtrot was released 10 years ago today (April 23, 2002).
Magor Philadelphia Demo Site is up and operational! Let's get some prospects in here and make some sales!
Grateful for analysis of situations where trends begin to appear.
Good morning
Yes, we just started one at tweetdonteat.com Check it out!
everybody get up, it's time to jam now
Good morning! Have a good day.....Mondays suck lol
Maybe the trend didn't pick up until then, and the 1934 one was the pioneering entrepreneur.
Weekend Calendar - So Md News
Watching MI: Ghost Protocol Very cool movie! Good to see Tom still kicking ass!
my Goal is for Google to do a national story about our strategic relationship to dramatically improve Ed in US 920-450-5404
“: Man is the only trained animal who expects his reward before he does his trick.~Robert Brault”
lady : "do you guys have a frequent flyer card?" lady-you're buying a salad. not tickets to florida..
from every direction im hearin tina tina tina tina tina ugh leave me alone i dnt kno
But I don't think they boys have it....
Sorry for leading you on....
peeing in the GRASS!!
don't you know we have the worlds famous San Diego zoo come check it out sometime
Alright if thats what you would prefer calling it
IndieGoGo's a little better than Kickstarter -- you get funds from dollar one even if you fall short of the goal.Good luck!
I live getting tweets from her. :))
I didn't know that women can be so mean
my bro needs to hurry the fuck up out of the shower i need to get in i didnt even get ready for school yet i need to leave by 7:30 now 7:13!
whats your state/email? (:
(Insert girlish scream here). #AmazingSpiderMan looks...well...amazing.
Don't stop dreaming even if you breaks your heart
What Bro i been applying there forever and safeway you and micheal got my jobs bro so lucky
San Jose has basically become the number 2 city that support my music. I love my 408 fam
Jesus Christ is and forever will be the Lord of my life!
Text me at
bz all day...
There's an option on that makes the account selector the primary sidebar
Love! MT: : 2012- year of doin' stuff and seein' my friends.. so far so awesome.
I guess you would know alot about the eighth graders seeings how you argue with all of them .
Today's future looks bright! Focus no hocus pocus.
Senior dress up day tomorrow, St.Paddy's themed...good thing I already look like a leprechaun...
Are you KIDDING me?!
That's a good way to kill time. I HAVE to go out this weekend, but it'll be on the far Southwest Side of the city, thankfully!
Let's continue #MarchMadness! I've got #MichState #Wisconsin #Florida & #OhioState winning tonight.
Woot, I won the free book yesterday :-D
go clear the dish off....
Insane Clown Posse
lol I know. Who's driving?
Jesus ate chocolate Easter eggs
LMFAO from dance moms i know she is horrible!
I've been stalking the 10 day forecast!! I'm praying it's not another Boston Marathon heatwave!
Very much appreciated.
No system is perfect.....
that's g though
Amazingly, the Nuggets have taken the lead. From down 15! They just kept fighting and got a GREAT lift from Ty Lawson. Laker drama ahead!!!
North Carolina is the same state that gave us Jessie Helms and John Edwards. IE: consider the source ...
- I appreciate the Retweet,
Make sure it is my day off. I'm not really angry. Mostly insulted.
ok sounds good. will shoot you an email tues or weds.
I want to stay as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center.
Ok..no Rangers and no (the awsome one).Guess ill tune in to some nerd heaven. The Big Bang Theory..graciously geeky andfunnyashell!
I think he meant he unfollowed him lol.
thumbs up
No one can do your learning for you, the success formula is a reading a book a week...not half a book, and not 1 a month.
Thank you, thank you! I can't help it, I still call it Jacob's Field!
ah! Hahaha I need to go get some <3
hold steady's hurricane j is on the top of my list for potential summer jams. check it out but only if you like awesome things
ugh i'm jelly! our starbucks isn't open that late :(
Yeah, I'm gonna try to get some, haha.
Aye we goin live on Ustream!! We tired of Janky Promoters messin us up! We be tryna bring that fire!!!
TweetDeck can't keep my personal (baseball related) tweets seperate from my tweets. (stupid TweetDeck)
Don’t Mow So Low: Setting your mower blade to a higher setting can help shade roots and hold soil moisture longer.
DR Systems Lands Seven Contracts Worth More Than $3.7 Million
correct, app is fully developed, stages will start shipping in June if we are successfully funded by next Friday - $13k more to go
I should've kissed you reminded me of Parachute. Not Chris brown or 1D
The last 12 years I've not been making any money on the #KyOaks #KyDerby double. So I have
Just reading tweets makes me wonder what kind of swag he plans on bringing when he performs...
Nice! Enjoy!
We love this ! Can't tell if she want's to cuddle the baby or eat it. Regardless, no one was hurt & this is golden!...
good stuff. I have to have someone to curse out the devils to if we lose haha
For Everyone who calls upon the name of the Lord will be saved. Romans 10:13
Too late. I got it. I'll repost on how lame or awesome it is..
A special thank you to ALL of our new followers!!!!
just did(:
lol me neither
hahah wow. ITS A LONG CORD
Observation more than books and experience more than persons, are the prime educators. - Amos Bronson Alcott
ayee I see!
Words are our toobox.
I'm not really excited for Saturday -_-
“: Who's number 1?” —Here's a hint: Midwest Academy.
Alright! I'll go accept it :)
Must be hard to get through RT : When performs Eyedea's song (smile) it makes me tearUp
lmao it's seriously true!
is replying to people im just sitting here like .____. cause he's never going to tweet me!!
thought you could work it better
I think i'll be off to sleep. #goodnighttwitter and
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's. -- Billy Wilder
I was seeing him going as high as top 10 in mocks. So excellent value in 2nd rd
Hey Kelly, James the Prof here- hope all is well and you had a good xmas and ahappy and healthy new year
your poke just scared the $h!t out of me. - was sleeping and phone went off like crazy. Going back to sleep - good night.
Oh... 2010 Wieninger "Rose de Pinot Noir"~ Perfect wine to welcome Spring!!
That was the best game I've ever been to
Probably cheaper than rent in SF...
is sick
Can dish it but can't take it huh? Yeah i thought so too
I'm my footies ....sexy.
#WinningHim alright! I'm believing and I will pray now too. Go and preach the good news..
Just had dinner with my wife. I have seen her in a few days. It was very nice
love you more !
&#39;Let It Shine&#39; Official Trailer Released - Exclusive
That's crazy
lol well, it is what it is. *Gabi shrug* Lmao
And the thunder wins again ! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
": so wen can I get my shorts back? Lol" haha sounds all bad
Ditto! Still driving to the same soundtrack too...
Back to You (another new song in progress!) The creative juice box is overflowing. We might need a mop...and by mop I mean staff paper. :)
Okay, I will. Question: are you allowed to get out next weekend with me?
lived there for a time plenty of history and fun in the city.Kilmainham Gaol, Trinity College, Temple Bar, catch game at crokepark,
Excellent--thanks! That site is getting saved.
Tonight, I will scribble poetry on my arm and think about the future until morning calls.
Be being a player #Sad. Far from one
Enjoying brilliant EGTITM - would like to share your HR Continues to Evolve Graphic with my DU grad school class. OK w/you? Thanks.
Smile all day, cry all night. </3
I love you. It is really that simple.
OK , please don't get all jittery on me today. Thanks!
B/c my pussy so cold that he always seem to come back .
#iLoveHow my mom calls my phone to tell me to tell my brother to take out Meat from the freezer.
I wanna live the life of a fairytale,enjoy fine dining,wear top hat& tails, I want2gamble in Vegas w/the whales, I want 2 be too big2fail!
Oops, is in Australia! While that would have been a nice meeting, we actually met with from Cleveland State
hm seems like you have some personal experiences with "seeing cool things"?
This guys cute to.
Yet another beautiful day dismantled by the terrible work that I must fill it with...
hahahaha thanks bro I guess you see how often i check twitter. I hope that you are having a great weekend and see you on Monday.
Prob going to delay my next animation video. I see a few people working on them so going to be a bit more strategic....
Brain Game: Djokovic's Potent Return - ATP World Tour
and that, good sir, is your attitude. :)
touchdown ducks.
i'm just pissed off all the time lately. everyone & everything annoys me.
Climate change is linked to more extreme, erratic weather patterns, rising sea levels...I can't help but think it's all connected.
GIVE UP ALREADY YOU ARE MESSING THINGS UP YOU ARE DOWN AND OUT!
if there's ever a movie about my life, i need u all to make sure anyway you want it by journey is blaring at some point.
i feel so obsessed with Peyton right now... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> haha ;D
Welcome to Chicago... almost. :)
yes me & nata were laughing so hard when she said that
It's a moto, DROIDX 2. Like you? My fingers are too big too type!
Behind every boss is a boss woman, when u find one hold on 2 that one.. E-40
Brutally sounds scary. :)
RT : “: talk if you need to but I can't stay to hear you. #wrongthingtodo”
If I ever need legal representation you are my guy Shirl!
PSU AMA's Ecouture Fashion Show tonight at 6PM in the SMSU Ballroom. Guest Speaker Seth Aaron from Project Runway. Tickets starting at $8.
Hope you had a good (not so much "boring") weekend!
2 damn bad u aint gonna meet none of em
Now I'm starting to talk like an AM news announcer after doing 5 radio interviews this morning.
Yeah! I live about 1 hour 30 mins from London! So I really hope he comes there:'))
They should hire me!
aiy yi im sorry dear love you
What do you think of my collection of boob pictures and videos?
We are on our way to Orange County to play the Orange County Gladiators. Tip off time for the game is 6:00Pm
Lets Go so pumped for the
watchin family guy just to find out quagmire is 61
It will be alot much better
Thanks for making my point about RW Troglodytes. :)
RT : Sean Lane of has zeroed in on a huge opening for social entrepreneurship with
In case you couldn't tell, I'm a big Beasties guy. -C. More
nvm wrong jenna sorry t bother u
kinda mad that i forgot my password to my old twitter so i guess ill be starting all ova again smh
Did you hear about the guy in #atlanta who forged a money order? For $3 million #Really?GetAClue
8:45 PM at Cheer Up Charlie's is our last set of the festival. Come do it up big with us.
i couldnt do it...mouth already felt like sand paper lol a nigga was gon choke
Twitter was never meant to be a real-time conversation medium,
NEW SHOWS! R5 featuring Ross Lynch from Austin & Ally () - Tues. 5/15 & The Early November () - Wed. 6/6
No matter how stressful or horrible the previous day was it still feels great to wake up to a brand new day.
Listening to in our office today ... keeping us moving along!!
Second coffee and a frightening to-do list.
Happy Friday everyone!
good point Real progress is made when people become selfless rather than selfish. Embrace the wider win before personal one.
“: Rangers & Lakers will win game 7! Caps will not stop Rangers who r 4-0 in game 7 @ Garden.” Like where your head's at Mr. Vitale!
3 hour naps in the middle of the day don't help my sleep schedule.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning "I can do this. I can do this without stopping" yea...I motivate myself. ^.^
that FB case is fascinating.
you never text me anymore! :c
Early morning sunshine does not equal warm on the water. Brrr. Might need to re-think the a.m paddles.
Listening to your interview on BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge. It's a shame so many will never admit how amazing you are. Call me.
Back in the Library after weeks off. Must do something productive now and look good doing it.
Me and my mom were singing when one direction was on
how much is a full body massage..??
hey :) sorry to be annoying but do you know why when I get the email for the free songs the button to download it isn't there?
Carey mulligans musical interlude made me question everything and I mean EVERYTHHBG
Tell me about it. That'll be me in the dark glasses, struggling through colloq. and course instructon!
Thanks for the sushi date Hope you are having a good morning!
It's a lot to keep on top of!
Ben Nelson will vote against both Dem and GOP FY11 budget plans. D plan doesn't do enough and R plan includes controversial policy riders.
Why did the monster dye her hair yellow?To see if blondes have more fun.
Who saw Obama speak today? How was it?
so glad to hear it! praying for a good recovery.
Forgot nipple protection today before a 10-mile run. Ouch. BAND AIDS - don't leave home without em.
we shall see!
God night all
Sitting with #Saylor White, #Tom Tranchilla, and #Jim Kam working on website stuff. Life is good.
Another great audition day! Had thee most attractive reading partner for my film audition today. Felt like a nervous 13 year old girl. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I mean my golf swing isnt orthadox at all and I never smell par. How does bubba watson do it?
u recording?
Dessert after a show??? Juicy #cornbread of course.
what up Bill! Break in the action to catch #Bulls right now.
Having bad withdrawals from my sister ! Drive to my house already! #realtalk <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
OH MY GOSH! OH MY GOSH! i freaking live in Atl! Ah! Fangirling much? YESS!!
On my way to Christmas dinner at my Mother-in-Laws... Pray for me!
I hope you consider me one of those people. (: x
The new icon is actually my old, pre-Halloween icon, drawn by a former student. :-)
Random thought of the day, I really want to go ziplining. It looks so fun.
Wooooot! RT “: I applied! cannot wait!!!!
Thanks. Weird and nice. It's great never having to drive :)
Watching #educationnation. Global education requires global partnerships and shared learning opportunities between countries.
Why anyone would smoke weed in a SCHOOL bathroom is beyond me... What the heck.
I know! Sign of how old we are getting!! :-)
O_o...sorry to hear that.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Oral-B Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
We are thinking of doing a lotion contest soon hmm.....
toga day was pretty awesome, pep rally and homecoming game tomorrow. homecoming dance on saturday! whoohoo :)
Yeah tequila makes her clothes fall of
Haha! We've been asked before if it will grow hair!
I will daddy
=amazing. He's such a great guy& such an amazing singer <3 #ymcmd (youmaycallmedeezy)
I really hope I get to see my bro today especially since he is in Dallas!
Fact: academic permissions for the #GSU pubs was .0024% of their overall revenue in 2009. That's why their claims about harm are "glib."
Gotta ride to the mall..
HAPPY MILWAUKE 414 DAY!! We want to know, what you love about #Milwaukee? Let us know & you could be the winner of a $15 SURG Gift Card!
Forgive me father for it has been 17 years since I attended mass on a Tuesday this late in May.
im from cleveland
my feet is hurting bad .
Getting in trouble by my teacher for singing Lovin' You Is Fun by is so worth it<U+2665>
best reply to l What keeps you up at night? " Every morning I wake up feeling stupid" at #digitalhollywood panel Hollywood , Social TV
even Sugar Moms is hit and miss. some nights its a popped collar broski bar...most nights I do Fishtown or Passyunk anymore
Glad to help. Let us know if you need anything else!
WILL U SHAVE ME PLZ. XOXO.
If you are like me and tired of your teams losing the NCAA games; tune in to ESPNU. Gators and Cocks in a great game!
Friday! Centennial Spring Picnic at 5pm. Volunteers still needed! 1-hour = line cutting privileges!) contact or
i think i might be interested in a #juicehead =X
Love your background ;) ctdu
Kinda. Stupid tho
I'ma block Deshun ..
just getting settled in #losangeles - who's doing good work out here?
appreciate u
it was two days ao, actually..but we appreciated your help w/that nut job last night.
RT :If tebow doesn't run the annexation of Puerto Rico this trade was a waste
Ive never used shit I learned in high school in real life that shit is pointless
I keep reading things and think they say "fuck" when the don't... I guess I have a really weird version of dyslexia. Or I need whiskey.
Vin , Guess What I'm going to Six Flags tommorrow :D Are you Jealous?
Okay I need to stop tweeting now. I'm rambling TMI.
would love to chat with you guys!!!
You are what you want yourself to be, remember this! So if you want to be happy, you will be!
Fuck you Tommy Rees. Fuck you with a hot rusty iron you piece of shit.
Only to feed this bum.... lol
I agree!
I have questions about RMA & if changes can be made. Wld like to speak to someone, not email. How do I do that?
^As Pharaoh approached, the Israelites looked up, and there were the Egyptians, marching after them. They were terrified and cried out to...
alright cool man, its longboard time
Prince! I've just discovered you on here..you need to be tweeting more tho homie
Why should my political choices be limited by the "red neck' vote of Iowa, South Carolina and,to a limited degree, New Hampshire?
S/O 2 THE REAL FREEWAY RICK ROSS WE W/CHA!!!! FUCK THE FAKIN' & THE POLICE!!!! HIP HOP COP ASS NIGGA!!!! LMAO STAY OFF HIS DICK!!!!
Is that sarcasm?? RT : I love working in the morning!! Im such a morning person!
Spreading Manresa love « The Carroll News - euchre t shirt
Unlimited download access to over 100 Digital Resource Books. Less than $50 for #homeschool crew. Please direct msg. if you are interested.
she's evil!!
Thank you for supporting the Epilepsy Update Conference
i will be attending the pratt/saci four week program in florence. i think i will have tons of free time and could use suggestions.
RT : welcome to Alma et al and thanks to Lo and others rolling off
Did you get your MBA?
be sure to download and share our single "Retribution" releasing 3/31 !! #Retribution! love you guys! -jonny
Read 'The Harbinger' Book, a NY Times National Best Seller & Watch The 'Isaiah 9:10 Judgement' DVD, The #1 Faith Movie In America! Hear NM N
Thanks so much for my Blogger Exchange book. I love it! I hope you got yours.
I've had about all I can take & I don't need the frequent flier miles.
thanks shawty. when will i be finally graced with your presence?
i am on post limit, hello twitter :)
Tryna get this job, make money& ignore everyone ! Haha real shit though
Carrie! I'll see you there too!!!
“: yea I know u beat WVU” I really give none fucks but couldn't pass it up
There is coffee! Good. There's no milk. Bad.
Nice to make your e-acquaintance! Would love to meet & discuss our quasi-related social media efforts. Will email you.
THE BOYZ ARE NOT LITTLE
Dwayne Crenshaw from San Diego Pride is a dynamic speaker and provides a great overview of what they are doing this year.
Lip Singing Is So Fun. I Feel Cool, But I Must Look Like A Dam Fool.
So yeah, i wanna be in a band.
seriously?!? cause you are not at Kuumba
…<U+2727> I wonder who will be My future Wife? <U+2727>…
Watching My Team Win Ayy
We're not picking on you when we ask you to follow the archives rules, we have them for a reason
Up before 7am as H and the two cats continued in their dreams, catching up on newspapers and watching sky lighten to overcast gray.
#Believe in yourself.
Hey, why thank ya. Much obliged, ma'am.
I haven't seen on my TL since I followed her lol stop being a twitter stranger
I picked (with help) a round butterball torti to contrast with my stretch-limo buff tiger w/meercat striped tail. A hoot together!
So not true :(
Give it to a tireless, thoughtful, financially strapped theater teacher! #IcemanTixs Please?! Thank you kindly!!
Laid back relaxin watching my favorite movie Goodfellas...
Nice try, but it was a different Tour: #TourDeFat!
Quid Pro Quo => One thing for another, something for something
If u don't get it then it's obviously a bad joke on my part, so I think I will slap u after all sweetness. :)
: It is interesting the things you find out about you family isn't it!
I spend too much time alone in my head.
Guess whos back for the day?
Dance practice (:
Peaceful Christmas, from LPMR! We LOVE GROUPONS!
Now I know how U roll...wait til tomorrow ;) “: Today I let an actor punch me repeatedly to get her pumped up"
Whatever happens, I'll know you'll be there waiting for me.
welcome to twitter! Let us know if you have any questions! Have a great weekend
7 is more than enough
His wife knew him well. RT My wife hath hired a chambermaid; but told me that she had one great fault: she was very handsome.
it's a wide open sky.
ahahah its okay she's one of my friends lol but I legit have the appetite of a grown man hahahaha I'm not kidding either
Hair Care Tips for Kids:Wash the kid's hair 3-4 times in a week. If the kid has short hair, it is best to wash the hair with water regularly
you force d it
Surprisingly, my brothers left me alone and allowed me to sleep this late. #feltgoodtosleepin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
how come that reminds me of Effie trinket from hunger games?
u inspire me bro.... U do it from the heart i salute that
Oh my
Last Call: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features EYES.
": The only New York team winning last night was the Mets. Yanks, Knicks and Rangers lost." That's a first. LOL :P
Everyone follow our bestfriends in awesome and expect big things:)
New client today! Sent to me be by the best networking group EVER! Love it when the leads are from people who know my business.
have a ton of fun!
thanks! Will do.
haha patience my dear <U+263A>
You couldn't think of anything better than that? At least tweet a picture of you body slamming a giant.
You have to push yourself until you break
Mr. Potato Head was the first toy advertised on television.
LBJs over scrutinized because he calls himself great and King. He's brought it upon himself. To feel sorry for him is ridiculous
big thumbs down...if you wanna make a serious change...make the first round best of 7...that will weed out the weak
It's a beautiful night before Thanksgiving, come on OUT to Outwrite , grab a Pick Me Up & A gift for the road. All on SALE 10-30% OFF!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 294
The irony of "Rise of the Planet of the Apes"; it chronicles the accelerated rise of ape intelligence while insulting that of it's audience.
50 killed it with Dre and Snoop
worst what dude, we lost 60k people in nam
justin looks so fancy!! can you please tell him to tweet me. i want to sing for him! please!!!!??? :( i love you usher!!
Yum, can't wait to try some of those recipes. I made kale chips lat week. Easy and delish.
Mencken sounds a bit like Jimmy Stewart. And his pronunciation of "Baltimore" is as it should be. He's gruff, arrogant, polished.
Anytime you need a dancing partner just let me know...
In other words meeting George Lucas is a once in a lifetime event that is both incredibly disappointing and insulting
Mini-Golf League.
I don't even know what the fuck Spanish is. RT : My Spanish is so bad
I know so many talented people!!! I wonder...can I come up with a project for EVERYBODY??? Would be the largest cast and crew EVER, lol!
why can't they make angery birds harder I beat them on the farm, in rio and now in space. oh yeah lol
haha tell that to your mom and watch her slap you
Goodnight everyone, early start in the morning.~~~Be wise when speaking to people, your tongue could be your worst enemy.~~this is from me.
OH! hes harry styles. on the x-factor. justyce made me check him out today lol
Big win last night for St. X baseball keep grinding guys
Since when does talking shit make you look big?
Love to head back to South Africa. Maybe check out Senegal. (Of course, I don't know anyone there.)
Great choice on The Feed Zone Cookbook. :D You'll like it.
"Dear Twitter, Thanks for killing my cell phone battery on a daily basis. Sincerely, Everyone."
Or if you feel the need to beat someone. ;-)
I wanna go to Israel
i forgot what my bed looks like...
This ain't me at all. I miss the old me.
Not sure...definitely something to look for
okay i will! im so nervous!
Watching Kevin Hart Seriously Funny
Love my team. Love my city. Love
Hade so much fun with you baby! Muah! ": Hanging with Amanda today"
Happy mothers day <3
I like the smell of sweat, sun, and sunscreen.
sleep! Ha! No maybe projects and some movies and wine too!
Jennifer Hudson of course!
Great day today! Music biz to tend to in Austin, San Marcos & New Braunfels. Completing compilation for San Antonio Current as well. Hit us!
Filipino men can't get enough of me!
Let's Go Knicks.
that would be perfect to help me sleep, but no I dont do that anymore. Go to bed then!
Just thinking about how much money I don't have and how much money I need for Portland since its just 3 of us..
that's an understatement
Some days you have to shake the "we're cool because we're so busy running from place to place mentality." This is one of those days.
Just tapped, Russian River Pliny the Elder (replaces Bear Republic Racer 5 IPA) $10 growler & $3 pints
When all Whole Foods in Manhattan are closing for the weekend, I suddenly realize that maybe I should be taking Irene a *bit* seriously.
I've seen some so-called "protection mechanisms" with FB since I saw you all last on 8.26.2010/1:30pmpdt. What geeks write that garbage?
I wish you had been there! The game was great, especially the second half. Albany looked good.
There is a good chance you don't like me. But there is even a better chance I don't give a fuck!
you guys 100% playing friday? NO BACKING OUT!! LOL
Watch who you spend your time with. Don't hang out with people who kill your dreams
Amazing & in agreement! RT : Responded to Blumenauer's #SOTU survey with, "Sir, I WANT IT ALL."
sundays are my absolute favorite
The bugs in TN are....huge.
#Three Words: Marriage Tax Penalty.
What if you already #FOLLOWED ?! :)
Prepping for Tuesday
#welovegreyson because his eyes are amazingly beautiful there like the perfect hazily brown
Live contact center at the RightNow Customer Summit. Call, email, tweet, or chat with agents sitting in a glass booth. Very cool.
go see 21 jump street that's what I'm seeing at the galleria and it looks hillarious
sometimes, i just want to disappear and see if anyone would miss me #TSS :')
That's a good way of looking at it!
Oops. It turns out I already traded him for Shiancoe. Nevermind.
thanks for the follow! We are moving right across the street from you! I'm sure this will be our new happy hour hangout.
The show #SayYesToTheDress: Bridesmaids is so frustrating! So glad that I don't have to plan a wedding!
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians? Get a hold of us!
We just saw sitting 1st row! She asked if she could dance in the next routine.
In in need of A DJ To travel with me . Hit me up if you know somebody (:
I wish my 15 year old daughter could've met the incredible Canadian youth at
Congrats to Tim Frederricks and Robert Grosso - Jethro Pro Staff- 3rd and 10th in the Southern Open after 2 days - Good Luck Today Guys!
Awesome! We look forward to seeing both you and him!
Everything being slow on this computer has convinced me to go out.
Thanks for the RT!
lol noo im not! I said something good!
i will inform them for sure..
Haha well that's good, I guess!
My friend texts me that and should be in my short #MultiEthnic since that's not possible, May I ask for a RT??
In Science the credit goes to the man who convinces the world, not to the man to whom the idea first occurred.
who else are you excited to see? c:
would love to explore bringing to and the - more women hackers needed!
Everybody that follows follow us. Tour updates, pics, videos, and giveaways.
Miami FB gotta be done, but it will probably take the NCAA 14 years to complete the investigation!
cant say exactly where, but close to Puyallup :)
Great seeing you the other day at Sharon and Ben's wedding. Come visit #Chi with Lisa! She's coming within the next 2 weeks.
Wiki protest - 8 US lawmakers withdrawing support, including 2 co-sponsors, Marco Rubio/FL & Roy Blunt/MO. Courtesy BBC News Technology.
Will do! We'd love to have them back in the US again next year too. Fingers crossed :)
Maybe going swimming was a bad idea ._.
I like you and you like me too, take my hand and we will go to the moon...
I THOUGHT I KNEW YOU, KELLY.
how sweet...
“: Went golfing today. Or as I like to call it, drinking.”
good luck everyone, thanks for the opp!
More bored than last year.
Up from my nap
My new favorite quote. I love it!
Thanks girl! <3 I have SO much to tell you!
Pretty day to out and paint :)
Z-Bo let Blake bait him.
Come on ppl, lets get some common sense
Buffalo Bills upbeat in reporting for voluntary workouts following productive off-season
Why wait until the school calls? Call us. We'll help you identify the signs.
Zayn is like the Male Version of a Hipster.
The Forever My Lady album.
Hey Rachel! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
My mom is makin me go to church!! why??
Dogs under the bed Terrified of thunder's bark: Are they right this time?
Do it.
Reached 700 followers. Thanks to all who follow, I normally follow back. Hope to talk to you all later.
Will do Al, Keep up the good work
what you mean ?!
Check out the Gaslamp Quarter Holiday Pet Parade - Sunday Dec. 12 @ 3pm. Dress your pet up and have some fun!
Great job on your cover of "Payphone" I'm hooked on it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Ah that sucks<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> r u going back to there again? Not for me haha jw
he doesn't follow me so no I can't
hey thanks for following!
please follow me 4
So far it would appear that The Help is a clt favorite
I just randomly thought of some copy ideas for #p2robe !
I haven't read the review yet but I'd say the 16 megapixel shooter is just a spec gimmick.
NBMBAA Milwaukee Chapter Holiday Party | December 29 | Starting at 5:30pm at Panache ... more details to come
I am so proud of President Obama standing up for what REALLY matters.
Hey! How's everyone's night going?
Thanks for the follow. I recommend following & for more valuable info.
#haiti RT my musicians tell me tarps are good during the day, tents r good at night
Caught up on a bit of #reading: finished listening to Anansi Boys yesterday (extended my walk so I could finish it!) and loved it
Santorum is funny. I'll just leave it at that.
So bored at work
I was thinking the same thing about the Under.
Ditto RT : I can't sleep right now.
Much thanks to and for following :)
Haha, the film made me crack up. Go route. Go route. Go route. Go route.
aw thank u so much I am feeling better-it was brutal not being able to move but Im fine now!
Already have. What now?
just up on the curb. I think it'll be fine
#ItsAkwardWhen when your mama yells at you in front of your friends or crush
This Sunday, Mom's get a free glass of Champagne, mimosas until 3pm, and wine tasting all day!
is officially in the building ! Feel the #vibe |
Whose milkshake brings all the boys to the yard? Tell us your fave and we might quote you in our next newsletter!
Doublin-up on the shifts today, with a slice of work-at-home in the middle....earning my Cinco de Mayo margarita-fest
what up bro give me a email to send music to? 1luv
Goodnight again you guise!
CC PAR KING GARAGE...U NO GIVE ME LAT LONG ME GO HOUGHM
Newt Gingrich has a metal shed in his backyard where he likes to saw off the penises of puppies.
Kelly kelly
My today to do list is the Indy 500 of day before craft show endurance. So much work.
Schizophrenia beats being alone. haha x3
Big Ben post coming later on, also a post about the Pens priorities, and a lot of Pirates stuff. Thanks to everyone that reads the blog
11.11 and say somethin are the best songs <U+2665>
It's humid here in the library as well.
Talking biz on #Wxxi 1370 am @ 835. Beg retail dvp plans for Greece.
So SAD! Still cannot believe Steve Jobs is gone! You were a GIANT and admired by MULTITUDES!
Not again -_-
First a combat veteran then an oceanographer and now a climatologist! Busy guy.
Just wanted you to know I thought about you, missed you, and wanted to thank you again for being my friend.
Wow, how's 9's tasting after more than three years? Wish you could have had it fresh. It was somethin' else.
The #Oscars are this Sunday. Use #BestDressed to tell #ABC who you think is the best of the best, follow me for up to the minute action.
Dont Wake up in a road side ditch....
kk but i have to make one lol!!:) do u have a oovoo?
you've got a few hungry ochem students headed your way! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
Chicken and Dumplings Recipe from Bon Appétit
Seems like the stacks are my new favorite place.
When I hear, I forget. When I see, I remember. When I do, I understand ~Chinese proverb
Asian tourists are so weird, just saw one taking over 100 pictures of her cup of coffee she just bought at Starbucks. -
Thanks Alanna! Have a great weekend! :)
congratulations to you!
New projects on the horizon.God is good. Film and Television is were I belong. :-)
OMG, you guys are ridiculous! Missed you all yesterday!
Your family is what matters, fans will forget and boosters will too! hug and kiss your family cause the have a short game clock too
#InOurGeneration no one has the guts to call out someone in person, instead they use facebook or twitter.
“: #206. Face it, every team has that one person nobody likes but you have to be nice to #volleyballproblems”
what's "co-wash"
#goodluck on beating me with followers
Thanks so much for the mention! Glad you like them!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was uncomfortable with who I was. Now I'm like, bitch I was born this way!!!
Welcome to the first day of the rest of your life...
:) Hope you're enjoying the sun R&S!
Learning a whole semester in one day....Challenge accepted!
One way or the other ARod should be trending in 3...2...1...
you cheat.
Sexiest Asian chick ever at mcDonalds doe<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
hope that helped! Crazy day,I will be anchoring news updates all morning. Call me if you need another update!
if u have ur name tattoo'd on ur back so niggas dont forget it while they fucking u
Congrats to all the #esma12 winners announced so far this week, well done! Congrats also to the finalists!
Can anyone explain to me why the cards hit and ran there down 2 in the 9th?
RIP Donna Summer :( 'I Feel Love' is an early house anthem. Listen to the extended version and check that acid bass line!
what's your URL? :)
someone should get me a plane and game tickets to Thursday's Pittsburgh Penguins game #sidsback! #whydoihavetoliveinoregon?
A bike ride. ": Here's a question: what was your one moment of zen today? Tell me."
so if you trying to date me , you gotta leave yo city .. and enjoy life !
Just made my best crust less quiche! is going to be so proud!
thank u. Have a great day
Wow, I can't believe how many ppl enjoyed free appetizers tonight! Two more days to go!!! $10 off wine btls all day tomorrow!!!
Happy Australia Day to all of our friends down under!
Witnesses to Hunger Exhibit opens Beyond Hunger conference, this Wed. May 2 :30pm-8:30pm. Doubletree hotel. All are welcome.
Definitely rates high on the "delta between quality of score and movie" scale. For my money ST:TMP is the one to beat.
Thanks for the visit last night. You had me laughing my ass off until I woke up and realized you were gone :-( RIP Brian Schwartz
blow rocked!
TunnelFact #3: tunnel project relies on $300M Mercer and Spokane St projects to fit into street grid (cost not included in current plan)
We are family! Love love love we are all under one god
Lmao!!!! This episode of divorce court is hilarious!
MEDC plans statewide bus tour to tell tech startups how it can help. Catch the tour at #WCI partner Tues, Apr 23!...
Who's excited to watch the Lobos play Missouri St. in Basketball tomorrow? What is your score prediction?
NOT LIKE THAAAAAAATTTTT!!!!! But still :-)
NO SHIT! Stop asking me to check out pages!!
I get butterflies every time I see you with her,
yes ahaha cuz i remember ur trying to prevent bullying n so am i :) n i replied to ur last dm that i am 11
Congrats on passing mixology exam!
hate of LGBT people is homophobia. How sad that you have to hate a whole group of people. Hate is a disgusting thing.
....Well at least now I know what NOT to try w the red Kool Aid stained dress shirt. Thanks
The #Community episode in the Law and Order format, amazing!
What are health insurance co-ops? Scripps CEO Chris Van Gorder spoke to San Diego's Fox 5 about it today. Tune it at 10 p.m.
If Rev. Wright is fair game so is Joseph Smith & Brigham Young, I've been waiting all year for this.
Getting everything ready for my masterpiece turkey :) it's gonna be good!!
Everything looks so beautiful, covered in snow.
You always took the time to get to know the companies you reported on. Thx for covering GoTime from inception to exit!
Phone lines are now open. Be the first tonight to call in to 317-736-0950 and share your thoughts about the last week.
Palo Alto HS girls lacross team...Sorry for your loss <\3 awesome team contribution to writing #8 on yourself before playing St.Francis HS
I'm regretting friend requesting my REI crush- he likes Nickleback.
#nhlskills can we get JR to shut up? I don't care about how it was when he did it. Its not about JR!!!
well that sucked.
Someone got call me maybe stuck in my head :P
Steve Ramsay about to speak on "textual behavior in the human male"
Yeah, the 3hr time difference SUCKS!!!!
Playing with my new toy!
It's 5 o'clock in the morning, this paper got really boring...
Very cool - crossing the streams - showing content from both Devils and announce teams.
OH: "I thought for sure 's job at was to model his hair for logo updates."
That rehearsal was so terrible... I don't think that man was a real conductor. “: trebles”
why do I have an urge to go to a speakeasy and flirt with some flapper girls after watching this Broncos game on the picture box?
Time changes everything
RT : Platinum Equity has signed a definitive agreement to sell The Union-Tribune to MLIM, LLC, owned by Doug Manchester....
As a member of the white community I can assure you there is no white racist code language.
Thanks Tina. Happy Summer.
several photos of orbs in my house around my son. im scared to sleep with the light off. i can draw u a pid or the person thats
me too! “: I wanted an "I Support Georgetown University" sticker. Are they any more? #GUCampusPlan”
#20ThingsAboutMe 9. I was born & raised in Oklahoma!!
I'll make sure to keep you in mind next time it goes down <U+E402>
wasup wit it
Woo Hoo poster giveaway!
Blown away by the fast response & quick resolution rcvd by T4 Resolved in <16mns!! IMPRESSIVE CUSTOMER SUPPORT!
Falling asleep in geology --___--
how about we trade for someone who can put a ball in play instead of pitcher
Phelps in the rotation sometime this year , he is THAT good !!! GO YANKS !!!!
I once watched the sun rise over the Pacific. Not as exciting as the sunsets.
As a Pennsylvania taxpayer I'm now paying for the State liquor monopoly to pay for their adds defending their monopoly.
With confidence, the world opens up to u
It is our honor to formally welcome John Perry Barlow and Gerry Percy to the Hypothesis Board of Directors. cc/
Happy Birthday I can't believe your 18!!! Well hope you enjoy your birthday!!! :)
We did! It was a great turnout & we met lots of nice people!We love HotelABQ as a venue & we were proud to support this event!
I'd rather be hated for standing up for an unpopular idea than loved for joining the majority. Death before I blindly follow.
Yay! Dr Who season 6 is on instant Netflix! Yay!
You are so easy to please...one of your many lovely qualities. Big hug!
I want my bed.
No #OscarUpset. The Iron Lady – Mark Coulier and J. Roy Helland. But really... Only one person really in much makeup...
i used to rule the world
#normal and yet
College Football Predictions: Night game Stanford @ USC; Stanford -8 and the over +62
I certainly have been. I think of how much time/effort (too much) I put into my teaching and am flabbergasted.
Happy Valentine's Day! No better place than Chi-Cha to cheers your main squeeze
Oscars, Oscars, Oscars!!!! Someday I hope to have a nomination too!!!!!!
that must be awkward.....
u gonna make him the next you know who? #UAVSwag lmao xD
Baby will you be my egg scrambler?
Christmas and St. Paddy's Day are the busy season for midgets.
Join me tonight 4/27 – Friday 4/29 7:30 PM nightly at: Isle of Patmos Baptist Church with Pastor Calvin L. Matthews.
;) ill find u someone lol #larissa ;)
we love Kuro Crow!
Why do I have a sinking feeling that the Steelers season is pretty much over before it's begun... So many injuries.
yes, i am fine. a little carbon monoxide poisoning. the hard part is grading after a long day. hope your semester ends well
thanks Rudy! Miss u tons!! Can't wait to see u next week and hear stories about ur week in sc :)
The best love relationship is that you can thoroughly be who you are that your partner still indulge in.
Bout to be the only senior at school tomorrow
I found ! He's in Orlando talking #SeaWorldSanAntonio's Aquatica opening in 2012!
I can't wait till I make something of myself.
"You just don't realize. Being a cheerleader, being on the team, it doesn't guarantee anything. Anybody can take a turn for the worse."
Do you selebrate Christmas today?
I really wish would come to western PA.
lol have a good day señor!
Nailing down set times for the show. Can't wait for this thing to go down.
Really enjoyed my self at the christmas party wit my fam:)
Applaud for supporting #veterans with #FastballFlakes cereal Proceeds go to &
Mothers Day isent fun when there's family drama! Not cool! I feel bad
what's up? how are u :)
Sometimes God asks us what do we want him to do for us but we limit his power. We have fo be like this guy on Mark 10:51! He had faith!
She's absolutely beautiful...and SO alert! Congrats...savor each moment - time flies by quickly.
Buffalo rocks...cold as f**k but rocks!
I'm right here hun <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Thanks! We just read your comment on this week's episode.
so gives up to easily in wordswithfriends.
Obama's new position doesn't commit to idea that gays have inalienable right to marry, so State could vote against. Dumb
omg it's awesome!!! Do you like it?
Follow me, please? I miss seeing you on the talk!
Psalm 106, awesome. Happy Thanksgiving
I hate not studying something because i don't think it'll be on the exam only to find out its on the exam
We are beginning the meeting of the Strategic Planning and Budget Committee here at Central Services with a presentation on Fy13 proposal.
Paypal is a blight on intelligent civilization. Worst user experience ever.
Oh now I get it! I'm following over 2,000 peeps! I can't follow anyone unless they follow me!
u got that :) ur welcome
like when hell freezes over maybe bahahahaha
Carlos Rodon: great pitcher, or the greatest pitcher?
Churchill downs thursday, maybe?
hey bella i think your an amainq dancer :)
LE SIGH
just wait till you get to san Antonio or Houston lol Dallas is nothing
Never knew it would hurt so much.
heck yeah!!
*That's how you assemble!* ha!
Picture time!! Doing a shoot with one of absolute favorites!
#BDSIsrael is mysteriously no longer trending, what a shock.
I don’t even like to read that much, but these “emotobooks” really fit me perfect. Someone at work told me they like the sci-fi one.
shopping always helps calm the soul...and clean the wallet. ^^
hmm the two of those don't seem to go together! But productive is always good!
Turnover again and again.... hate the way the #hawks are playin but Ivan the "Destroyer" is gettin it in... he needs more minutes.
Damn right POLAR BEAR...made myself laugh with that one!
And the winner of a day in an Escape is: ! Thx for sharing your fave escape desination, Newport, OR. Enjoy your free #Ziptrip!
Ready to kick off the weekend with a juicy burger from Kopps. Too cold for golf.
might happen. They have 2 brands, Duck Commander and Buck Commander.
rep it hard kid dont let get it twisted
Happy Wednesday! Glam Up Tonight with Free Make - Up at Be Belle from 5-7pm!!!
ah, summer!
i follow them, they do.
don't think so. I've written some pretty fabulous things on my mirror.
I think so. MLB had to suspend him; they can't allow that to go unpunished
Havn't been on in a while...
Is that a make or break for me, no, does it add to the pro/con list, yes.
did ya get them?
RT : "Light bulbs die my sweet, I will depart."
just got an email from saying he works for you. it seemed like spam. is he legit? something in his email didn't add up
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.
trying to condense years worth of work into a handful of pages and slides is proving to be an arduous and frustrating task.
Jill Scott - good morning heartache
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!13
Its been a boring day.
you home ?
I have now changed my outfit twice in one hour as a result of having to be outside in this redonk #nola rain
#peopleiveseenlive is a much longer list than
Ay!Chihuahua Roll!! Spicy tuna roll w/guacamole, sriracha and jalapeno. New Fuse rolls to stop your hunger and make you laugh!
A fella could do worse, than challege you in verse. I'll take a raincheck, Captain. Enjoy some of this beautiful day.
you can cook for me titi
I have paramore up full blast ;D
When sophomores try to be louder than the juniors & seniors
Playing in the snow on the promenade before bed
i kan only trust u wen i learn to trust myself wit u !!!
Cardinals were winners tonight after Pack of course LOL
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 41
... Why do you always get so upset when someone bashes the Lakers? They your 2nd favorite team bro?
lets get this iPad event going! ready to here about whether to launch as an app as a "+" type or a fully seperated iPad app
Oh most definitely! I <3 that film... just didn't realize he directed it.
I think so. The film definitely takes you into that world and all the way to North Dakota.
Sustaining: it sustains life, love, happiness, comfort, bonding & health.
"Social Saturday"- time to catch up with friends and family!
idk, im about to eat and do some packing, just depends what i get done
I finally changed the pw. hope that fixes it. didn't realize how bad it was.
Kinda glad you bitches flaked out on plans. Now I don't have to pretend to be in a good mood all day.
check my YouTube ..Young Ju "cross my heart" and "just begun" and let me know what u think
Is this you? "We don't know where we're going, but we're making really good time!"
Haters are kind of like stalkers. .they obviously think about you all the time, talk about you all the time, and know a lot about you.
Putting the fun in dysfunctional today...
Much better, thank you for checking! :)
Hey look Carmello decided to show up today
Sounds like a plan.
Does anybody know what song will dance to this week for Katy Perry?
now see who will follow me.
I agree i hate when people that yhu when it is you and lyk when it is like hint hint ;)
The convo and I are having >> haha
Happy National Coffee Day!
I'm a chef, I don't cook for free, unless I want to
you have such a beautiful soul x
either time is going really slow or i dont know whats going on
I was tempted to not even get out of bed today.
Tune in now - Rangers Post Game show!
I'm shocked - shocked! - to find that some residents of a Southern state are bigots.
Its like I checked into rehab and baby your my disease
RT : Working on a Photo Challenge, & looking into the "Week in the Life" Project...plus spending some time drawing!
Goodnight guyz!!! Conditioning starts next week for dance. (also on my birthday!!!) :D
I'm trying to construct another self-descriptive alliteration, you see. Furi0us fagg0t, heretical homo, iconoclastic _________.
I believe it's you we should be thanking!
I have seen, but will retweet. Never enough dino drawings on the internet...
Looking at Touch Me Tease Me by Case and Foxy Brown. Her verse made me realized that she and Kim turned hip hop heads into label whores. SMH
alright you and need to get the whole RBMG crew together for a big song.
If it takes a lot of words to say what you have in mind, give it more thought. ~Dennis Roth
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be. —George Sheehan
#SometimesYouHaveTo do things you don't want to do...
did her thizzle in jersey last week. Let em know girl :)
Welcome new summer freshmen! We hope you had a good first day of classes. And by good, we mean lulled into a false sense of security.
HAHAHA I JUST DIED. THAT MADE MY LIFE. LMFAO.
Anyone else sick of the cold yet?
hope you're enjoying madison, some of the flyest cave age cheese fo sheez round these parts. Pumped for the show tonight
baabeee ! you almost have 40k !!! :D
I want your recipe.
Why do you want to impress others? Lack of self-sufficiency.
Let's have really high taxes for the non-job creators and no taxes for the job creators. Thus Pelosi pays 90%, and entrepreneurs pay zero.
Spending quality time w/ the Debster. She just said, "Oh, I've wanted to see this 'Tacos for Elephants' movie for a long time!
Interesting... how?
Thank you for your service and for being a shining example of how to live your life after difficult circumstances!
have a great night today :) enjoy it!
happy late birthday moma hope its a good one
Thanks for the invite. Just ate though.
This is what I like to hear. RT : USA !! Tour News to follow soon ..
Don’t get my personality and my attitude twisted, because my personality is me, and my attitude depends on you.
Thanks for the RT! Looks like your project is going well. Keep it up!
fuk em! Keep the tweets coming!
did you get your new Mac?
Just a friendly hello from the staff at Judkins Carpet
you NEED to come to england to do a concert with a meet and greet my life would be COMPLETE if i met and saw you in concert<3
Wishes it was warm out, randomly in the mood for Mini Golf and a backyard BBQ. I think I'm losing it lol
i freakin' LOVE my followers:)
We love hurting people!
I so heart Just thought i'd mention it. :D He is just dreamy.
yes, on my phone, I zip people, but I'm looking online right now, so I see it all. :)
Got that Gambino jumping out the gym
Thanks for the follow Wendy - loves ya! :-)
For the musicians here in Okc: how do you advertise? And how do you quantify how well a certain campaign works?
My flight attendant was being verbally abused by an a-hole passenger during takeoff. I jumped in to help her shut him up.
I just mentioned him in like evry tweet since I made this account
When people ask dumb questions I'm obligated to give sarcastic answers.
AWESOME!!!!I was on an identical treadmill earlier in my hotel..had a great workout...thought about taking a pic..wish I woulda.
- She's crying now, you realize.
now I HAVE to visit :P
"Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak." -- yup, we all know some like that...
Thought there was a pleasant old drunk singing in my alley (if you know what I mean), turns out it's the alarm upstairs playing Johnny Cash.
Thank you for listing us!
If he were still alive, Adolf Hitler would be celebrating his 123rd birthday today and would also make him the oldest asshole in the world.
I totally understand if you give me the silent treatment. What I did was mean and uncalled for...but you weren't supposed to see it! Ugh ...
How did you swing that?
Very true. How's everything else going? How are Tony and Joe?
#trayvonmartin 's mother says her faith in God has seen her through.
TRUE...appreciated and respect your stance yesterday on !
that cat almost really died lol
dope beat but if it's a beat meant for you. i donno about letting the others preview the beat before your track.
#dontyoujusthateit wen d people u use 2 b cool with last year just walk past u this year without sayin hi or wassup
this just made me throw up
I think it was about a photo gallery I'd posted from a while ago - like two weeks. I post a lot! benjaminchertoff.com
Get your tix for Warped Tour Music Showcase this Friday @ the Marquis Theater in Denver! Tweet me for deets!
what/who should i listen to on spotify?
Happy Birthday to Wilbur Wright, who was born on this day in 1867 in Millville, Indiana.
well how much t book yu bruh
That nap >>
text me
Is #OWS a trailing indicator? Is the Vampire Squid just flexing its tendrils? A stranger than strange coincidence if it is that.
Why did she delete instagram?
2 zoning cases being followed. 1. South Congress cafe. Deck or not. 2. D/T proposed hotel. Stakes high.
Go play your video games.....
lol, it can't virgin remi, remi is processed hair. Virgin is in processed ima sell virgin, and I'm going to let you know!
nope he never answered our calls
I'm so tired and sore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
#Reign nightclub tonight !!!
Hahaha My trolling account got blocked by her because I commented saying " go play with your herpes sore" xD hahaha
So confused on what to do...
Thanks a million to ReverbNation you guys are fantastic! from; Paul Borges,Street Money.
damn it
Thanks Knew you'd have the answer. Forgot FOX moved their games to prime time.
Running into an old LiveJournal follower at this library conference has made the world as small as can be. #fuckingweird (cc )
you just made me so jealous, next paycheck im going all in and paying the 114 to mail 4 larges to me
Dude, apples and oranges!! RT : British Torchwood >>> American Torchwood :)
Following back
Dear Samuel Adler, Thank you for making my life much easier. Love, Steve
Well #ISpyThursday It's raining dogs umbrella yeah
aw, thanks!
Hey, why can't the Oregon band have better uniforms? Come on Nike, give them some help! Keep up with the football team's style.
Oh, you kid! 23 skidoo! Chicken inspector! ~ Bugs Bunny
I can understand why fans are not satisfied. Do you think the players are?
+1 RT : So great to see and have drinks with awesome Web journos! Yay for
Thanks so much Mike!
YES! I Love MAC's Studio Fix Powder Foundation and Studio Tech. The Tech photographs the best. My skin is oily :)
The question is, can you handle me?
Must be that is off his meds again. Can't dance, diminished WR skills, & certainly can't hang in Octagon
But everytime I hear a story like this it makes me more and more glad of the choices I've made
Planning on it!
Sit your clown ass down some where
got ac s I hope
Hi! Sorry for the delay in getting back to you. Are you going to the #ASOTO happy hour on Thursday? Hope to meet you then.
Test from phone 2.
Join us tonight for Industry Tuesdays and call out tomorrow. =)
I'll be helping out with the Iowa and Seattle StartupWeekends, so feel free to ping me too /cc
an early #ff to , which I just learned about / am crazy impressed with
Your provision is hidden until you act on the vision that has been given - Daughter With Destiny
Home sweet home. And now bac out.
Top wireless stories of the week Check out this week's most-viewed stories across Fierce's wireless publications: FierceBroadbandWireless
Scream you will feel better
ALL CLEAR FOR FISH SAMPLES - Fish Update
I think I got all pretty for nothing
Exactly. Your tweets should not read like Prince song titles.
love sitting outside on a warm sunny day with a little breeze.
child development partner (:
Hard to square legislating kids that don't want to be in school graduating with vibrant ed. ecosystem for those that want to be
Good Day loves!
great seeing you last night! I especially loved the costume and special dance, Carly<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Very interesting. I only have an N=2 but so far seems to respond similarly to other achilles tendinopathies.
Make sure that you are drinking plenty of water to stay hydrated as you are out with your families with this gorgeous weather!
Man dude, I really hope ms Dorn chills out, she doesn't realize what finals are lol
Any word on what happened with Andino at end?
Beautiful pass of the ISS over a Full Moon
Tavern Trivia League through Week 7 Overall Standings. Tonight is the Final Week of the regular season! Top 3 Teams and a few Wild Cards...
I don't understand how I have followers when I'm never on. Legit \m/
I am really enjoying Justice League International.
Good morning, ''Arise, shine, for your light has come, and the glory of the LORD rises upon you'' Isaiah 60:1
Wondering why sookie let him bite her.
StonerCouture is looking for cool people to rep our line. email me for more info at: . Peace.
#Divatweet :b RT : When running late, just slap on some red lips, eye liner and mascara. Done!
Thank you, Faith! What an honor.....still can't believe it.
yea go ahead :)
Natural hair Black history Question----What is the name of the person that currently holds the Guiness record for the worlds LARGEST Afro?
As long as the payoffs stay this good, it works for me! Will likely start season three in a couple of weeks.
I will praise thee; for I am fearfully and wonderfully made: marvellous are thy works; and that my soul knoweth right well.<U+2015>Psalm 139:14
Windthorst Trojan Football - German Sausage and Sauerkraut...
If you had to eat 5 lbs of anything what would it be?
Twitter on the computer is lame af ,
Just kickin' back and doin' some brainstorming today!
I would like to volunteer in your organization please accept me in I'm have been down on my luck and god has a plan for me
Best part of every day? Going home to & the fur-kids.
Thanks for the follow. Today is National Chocolate Chip Day! Are you making chocolate chip ice cream?
i was right; tazo's vanilla roobios tea is *much* better as an iced sweet tea.
#Mizzou congrats on the big 12 win... Enjoy the
Baseball: First pitch set between Canby and Oregon City in final game of series at Canby HS. Cougars lost first 2 games.
There's nothing to help you get over a bad loss like the atrocious camera angle at the BankAtlantic Center. Nothing.
Good things come to those who wait. Don't rush perfection :)
Hells yeah, what does your Wednesday look like?
I am allowing them to check them out and bring them home. They are super excited.
neither can I :( and I took drugs to knock me out .. twice .. maybe the third time is the charm.
you can try
Learned a lot at workshop tonight with PR gal Lauren Lien. On the right track with what I am doing and what still needs to be done!
Vince Gray: "We cannot, and will not, revert to the days of incrementalism in our schools."
Spring break this week!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I wanna meet some of my followers cause I got some I don't even know
My dude Nov said "I treat her mouth like daycare, I only let my kids in it"lol. SWAGG
how do ppl be puttin stars airplanes and shit by they name
how old are you seriously, your like the only imasure b**** thats hella stupid, haha feel pitty, just shutup.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength,
I have a right to choose. So today I release worry, and trust God with this day!!
i'm happier now :)
#stm2012 good message for librarians: staying in touch with your users is the job for the entire organization
It lowkey makes me mad when don't stand for the pledge, if you don't wanna show your patriotism then leave mf!
bitchimfrom.com “: For those asking about my shirt in the Cypher <---”
Is there any soda better than Mountain Dew? That's a rhetorical question.
Gee, Thanks for making me feel insignificant and worthless....
Happy early morning back!
come on in to city gear were are hear to spread some cheer LRG, Lil Wayne,8732,akoo tees.
anywhere..... Haha seriously is nicole scherzinger, "let the reay see the sting" haha
"You and me... We make a team!" RT : THEY CALL ME RUBBA-NECK !
Bristol researchers solve 70-year-old mystery
Lemme get on dis computer so I can get ready to download dis mixtape.
Cars 2 playing at my house tonight.
and, maybe, mimicking a rap posture? still, getting into character :)
got his number :D
no im not you are !
I have been out of the twitter loop of late. Moving and shaking on college completion and remedial ed in states
With that win, #Knicks snap 13-game playoff losing streak. Meanwhile, 12-year failure plan still seems to be right on track
got them nate robinson kryptonate for the low low launching soon at my new website www.NikeHot.Info ipecialize in sources4authentics
Home and exhausted after a fantastic day of shopping, sushi, Dunkin Donuts (x2), and 1.5 cupcakes with — next month, NYC!
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
So did my dad RT I swear this to be true: My dog, upon hearing that QRich fouled Pierce, looked away from the TV and growled
Yes before we know it you guys will be on the field playing, Then you will be getting ready for the Super Bowl game.
I walk into 's bedroom and she's playing a Spongebob game on an oldass Xbox while watching YouTube videos to cheat.
RT : Era of soap operas changing with 15,762nd & final episode of Guiding Light Friday.
I'm always delighted to serve the community. Get well soon! We'll see you at the next community art event
ah I can't wait to see that little love bug!! :)
Congratulation to James Stewart winning the U.S. Open of Supercross on his NEW 2010 YZ450F!!!!
How awesome and unexpected! Local blues legend Little Joe Washington...is on teh Twitter! Follow here:
Speaking of Nantucket.. Follow us
"Finish The Sentence" - Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there... with? (Something #Yankees Related) Top Tweets on: www.Chasing800.com =)
The same goes for LBJ.
you gotta learn to not pick fights with the likes of us
go us
lmao, have i missed anything today
NNRC will be at LegaTech in New York showcasing our national court reporting services. Watch for more info to follow.
Urban Dictionary: "Pineapples"
Junior seau shot dead at home Rest in peace, that's fucked up
I take that "wow" to mean you downloaded immediately! :) RT : just saw the IE9 commercial. Wow.
I'm nice
Love it RT : Overdramatic Umpires #mynewbandname (via ) totally works
iMessage >>> text message
"I'm super, thanks for asking." - Tuesday
Those banner colors: white, white, white, and taupe.
the olive juice is what makes me love this drink!
I have been mentioned and my work has shown in the premier issue of a new magazine. I'm currently on the hunt for some copies. Stay tuned.
Or BYU undies | RT : Just feel grateful that it wasn't a #BYU jumpsuit. That would have sent some mixed signals.
Sleepy! Let's hope this day goes by quick please!! <U+E056>
Free promotion for yourself is a click away friend :) try the link on my profile. BTW, interested follow4 follow?
sure would!
Thank you!!!! Of course I do too :D
A dream is just a dream. A #goal is a dream with a plan and a deadline. -Harvey Mackay
I don't believe we know each other. Although I'm sure we frequent some of the same places.
looking forward to the performance tonight!
Avatars are just fully grown Smurfs.
glad to hear it beautiful!
Try , way better than Hootsuite!
thanks for the follow
James jealous me to eat McDonald XDXD Loll
Time for the to take on #Australia in the Bowl Semifinals!
how can I get the video for that?
I do. I just miss everyone. And not thinking about being in the outside world
Can't wait! : miss u 2! See u tuesday :)
My salad for lunch is missing one key ingredient which would make it perfect. Donuts.
When the courts took the ability to drink away, she became addicted to pills!! That killed her. Anabuse was the beginning!
bahahaha you said teddy's.! And I aint call you soft, you jst my teddy bear <3
Oh my god!! No on my Me haha
Everything makes me cry. Wtf
After nine months, the main conversion is complete! Falcon now contains the entirety of Schumin Web in its database.
A New Hope.
Oh, man! it's hump day!
good to see you! Great energy, keep coming back
K so it's a slow process... But this new bag is feelin good!
Throw in a klonopin and I'm there, baby!
It's going to be a great day !
You can gain a lot of ideas from #garden exhibitions about the kind of #flowers and plants that would suit your
Thought I was getting pretty comfortable playing on "Countdown," then I checked out Mehldau's versions. Back to the shed...
We hope u dig the tunes and the video. Please help us spread thew word. We gotta find these guys! Best & success.
When asked about his purity ring, Joe replied, "That's when I was younger. Not really here to talk about that now."
Don't wanna go to work... Just feel like kicking back and enjoying the weekend!
I just checked in at Pinecrest (, Pinecrest) on
pretty sure loves YOU!
"I wanna make bank bro..I wanna get ass and drive a range rover"
Time to make the cheesy potatoes!!!
this wonderful place called First Tn Bank
#SuperBowl Halftime was a little like a way-back machine. Guess Madonna is better heard than seen. Love the music - not the performance.
Take a deep breathe, sigh and accepting the fact that will never follow me! :( even i use this hashtag
": Elixir strings are good damnit." I'm researching your endorsements.
You are the only person that takes me serious.
not really, while they are often based on little, how can you possibly base a prediction of an Elite 8 loss on anything at all?
I work at Candy Lounge :)
Rise&Shine...
Thanks and welcome to all our new followers & of course, thanks to those of you who have been here from the beginning! We appreciate it!
watching #smackdown its awesome. wuz anyone surprised that returned monday on raw 4 nites ago?
Was this week a long week for anyone as well? Time is such a fallacy.
im so tired, have a headache :( goodnight Austin <3 i love you
Come enjoy a glass of wine on this beautiful Sunday afternoon!
CSI and their technology is crazy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
: We are a house divided in my family. I wanna see Bulls. Hubby want Hawks. Battle for the Remote.
we can meet at Jimbos. What time?
You don't over come that butt whipping. Not even in 1966.
lmao hilarious right? i'm telling you #TupacIsAlive!
Enemy of the Mind won the Platinum Remi Award at #WorldFestHouston for Independent Theatrical Feature Films - Low Budget!
and it's not fun to root for injuries, which seem to have become the best way to gain competitive balance in a series
in a bad Jew. And (but?) I keep both my diva cup AND my plunger away from the kitchen.
Awesome! Look forward to hearing more this afternoon!
like...Math pop/rock? haha
#3rdleg “: Breaking: withdrew from the WGC-Cadillac Championship with a left leg injury.
The cat I'm catsitting keeps stuffing himself up under my recliner despite a pillow blockade. I just hauled him out again. Not amused.
I agree - that wasn't really specific enough to handheld devices, ideas, projects, etc.
lololol. My little sister & i are on two separate computers voting for . (:
tryin 2 win a meet & greet with u frm had 2 be 102 & Iwas 100:( I'm gonna keep trying! Met u in Sept
All of our followers should check out :) He is an amazing musician and his new video is free on iTunes this week, check it out.
I'VE GOT A PHONE INTERVIEW SCHEDULED FOR MY DREAM JOB!!!!
Oh that is too bad. Find an online store with a good return policy, just in case the fit is off.
Can't wait for the Jan 24th!!!! RT : In my life, I've had things that couldn't last
And you are right that setting a bad example is rarely good!
I Am So Happy For Kim And her Wedding, But Come On Guys! Focus On Libya! They Are Almost On The Rise To Freedom!
love the site! check out ours! much love and respect!
Are you allowed to go or does granny got that ass on lock down?
Happy Mother's Day. I hope today is a whole lot better than yesterday.
Got my head back on ready to take care of businesses... I LOVE U MAMA
Hatley Branch Library Book Club-Tuesday, March 13th 2pm. "The Art of Racing in the Rain" by Garth Stein. Coffee & Dessert.
Florida's so pretty isn't it? And it will miss you very much:( Come back soon!!
wats the budget..boy txt me...ur ass use to rt all the time now u wanna come on twitter asking questions u shld txt bkwards ass
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade.
>Quote: Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn
A wonderful family with 3 kids came all the way from from Kohler, WI this week to serve the meal. Thank you for your support.
#thatcampPNW How to gain the skills to use/teach the Geo-Web/"Neo Geo?
There is NO VIP list to get in my heart but there is for sure a bouncer if you f...ck up.!
thank u brit, love you
what's for brekkie?
Midway...perfect way to end my day.
Looking forward to seeing Production Club regulars and at the meeting tonight! Their commitment is always appreciated!
Spent all day at Madison park beach swimming yesterday. Today, back to work. By the way Taylor can't find a fan. She's dying in her place!
had to prove yourself...
How does have 1200+ followers?
An Idahoan man was arrested, and gave the arresting officer a name that differed from the surname tattooed on his forearm.
only if ICONic Boyz were down there you could chill with them
mines weighs 7
I like the way you think!
Defense and take it to the hoop, please. Go Celts
Top three commercials so far. Go.
Grape juice <3
Those artists will in turn introduce their collectors to you.
Would you use this tech only in testing phases of a device or in its full implementation? Thanks!
Game time shawty!
who is that?
I wish I was napping right now.
Come on down to Broomfield Days tomorrow! Mischiefmaker and my friends at In Case of Attack will be there!!
THanks, i need a stage, dj event to go go dance at....
you disappoint me.
you think hahaha
Down 8lbs in 9 days on 4HB. Using PAGG, now going to try ice bathing. Only these kind of results could make me try these things!
Girls get passed around the team more than a blunt.
Yesterday was Prince Spaghetti Day, of course, so that means that today is Thursday, and Story Hour with Miss Kathy at 4:15! See you there!
First East Coast earthquake over. 5.8 or so? Not too shabby, DC!
AH that is the Holy Trifecta right there! I am watching it this morning to find out what happened!!! :)
no prob and thank you too for ShoutOut ..<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> :)x
eating whole wheat bread yuck!
Good Morning!!!!
We loved having you here // #DCminerchallenge team was delivering meals to clients all day
Sounded cool but people made it sound like you throw the food over and make them fetch it, no petting haha
.... are we related?!? lol! where did you get thayil from?
"Don't beg, don't ask, just thank God in silence for all the blessings in your life. ~PauloCoelho
Amazing. Right?
Justin Blackmon is only 6'0 and he is going top 5???
Lol I am lucky.(:
Take a break for Chicken this morning! What's your favorite CFA breakfast item?
Buying plants at Blue Grass Farms today
It came to me in a dream!!! I finally figured out what did!!!!
I dont think ive ever been this sad before
Hey I Seen On Your New Video How You Can Get Booked For Events And I Was Wondering If You Can Perform At My B day Next Year(:
Watching Hawks Raptors on a Monday evening. Some call that a problem but I call it a gift.
due to be thunder and lightning!!:).
you are such a hottie
They encourage our tweeting habits!
have had 2 good days of practice. We play today @ 4pm. Thanks for the support
If lose tonight against , your Milwaukee will be tied for the 8th seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs.
Now everything after you is like having wine after whiskey, it went from "do anything for you babe" to you don’t even miss me
i love jb
Cooking some garlic chicken. Who wants some?
come to bullpen!
just getting back from some black ops airosft goodness!
but im a really big fan can i please get a follow back?? please
So it looks like more SPAM is coming from my SideWinder email account. Looks like they are spoofing the address and not actually hacking in.
Lunch is almost over - looking forward to the 2nd half of the day: tech in the classroom, emerging technologies, and e-publishing
First time I every cried during a Chipotle commercial. Shoot me now!
Terrell Suggs, Fall So Hard University.
That's never happened to you in Seattle? You should get out more!
Comin back home to see the rocks dominate..
HBO VEEP - Anyone like it? YAWN, its kinda like watching Elaine Benice from Seinfeld playing a VP..
Who ever is my 70th follower I will give them a shout out!!(:
Don't click on link that was just sent to you. Twitter account was hacked! Sorry for inconvenience :(
"A historic" OR "An historic"?
DID SOMEBODY SAY ONE DIRECTION ON TV? excuse me...
What an eventful day. First #OWS than getting stuck on a #Metrolink train for an hour. How exciting.
Froth at the top, dregs at bottom, but the middle excellent
Who gettin drunk tonight????
Just got to the gym... No gym pants
Referee Scott Foster deserves a one game suspension and the league needs to change its goaltending reviewable call rule.
you got a spot pickd out if not you should go to the lot off bluemound passd kellys n long wongs the lil side lot
Dog like if ik u was talkin that much shit I wuda jus deleted my twitter n jumped of a building a long time ago
I love working on the train from NY to DC…
UCSD lib an acquired taste. By far, the ugliest building in San Diego is Mi Arbolito Condos at 6th/Upas in Hillcrest: Hideous!
The muslims should leave Israel so the jews can build their temple, jesus wont show up, and we can all get over all this religion bullshit.
Congrats to my big brother/mentor/friend for graduating today.
Got a runny nose. Definitely caught a bug. Going to Sully game. Then watching NC softball tear apart Shakamak
First tweet on my new iphone 4s!
My peeps and the universe voted -- made the tea w/orange blossoms, sniffed it, then accidentally knocked the full cup onto the floor! :)
think systems
4 kids dancing in the middle of the round a bout on raceway.. #wtf?
Shut. Down. Inning.
Some people post some dumb pictured #why?
Hoping everything works out for the best. I guess it just wasn't my time.
Harry Potter" star Rupert Grint says the actor is able to return to work after recovering from a mild case of swine flu.(AP)
i think better when I'm standing up.
both of which are true
party at mcnulty's 1 dollar cans of rheingold
Bring the hate OKC.. We feed off that shit.
Photo shoot with Layne Miss Teen Global Nations 2012 and my son Hunter #modeling #
Rain's stopped. Time to head out to #alienware party.
it really all depends on whether & how much enjoys burns, rocks embedded in his shins, and bug splatter. personal choice.
O he gt me sleepy nw lol
Hope everyone had a gr8 weekend. We are only about 20 followers away from giving away more free Ice Cream. RT & U& UR friends may b winners!
Cool! Mike can i put em on Da Brew?
The Hon. UNITY DOW and ME Legislative Leader Emily Cain tell their their life stories at noon on Mon 3/26 at Moot Court Room, USM Law School
Have you ever encountered someone that will absolutely not stop #rambling about #EVERYTHING? My head is now #hurting. Geez!
Innonet (hearts) you too!
Kudos to David Freese. Well earned HR. Game 7 tomorrow. Rangers will take it back!
Is that you as a little kid?
End Of Time ~ Beyoncee
5 seconds has gone by, no followers. Man, they hate me already?
I've NEVER heard anyone say that!!
Bob, thanks for the great shout out! Glad that you are enjoying our posts. Have a wonderful weekend.
Thank you!
all types of OH at rihanna following pornhub.
i'd die without my iphone, so i know the feeling :)
Never settle for second best because you never know what prince/princess God has waiting for you!
i love the miz u r awesome
God night :)
CALLING ALL MUSICAL TALENT!! If ur interested in booking some gigs w/ us & our partners in Madison, send music samples to !
Practice session today with ! let's get it brotha!
i'm not going to be able to contain myself!
I wanna be like doee<U+270C>
I'm so happy, you have no idea.
Exploring the grounds of the Vanderbilt house at New Hyde Park on a sunny October afternoon
Wait - so how many teams are in the Big 12 now?
Open the mind up. Why not?
Yes - but NOTHING happens for me until after LTYM on May 6th. Will be in coma for a few days afterward, then I can do stuff.
Or you can make me feel like shit.
Epidemic Chronicles Sound Track has moved up on the Reverbnation charts to #6!
I uh… felt like I had a lot in common with him. hahaha
Thank you, and right back atcha! :)
im tired as shit
Received my dog's #Thundershirt in the mail today. He looks so adorable in it! Hoping it helps with his anxiety. *Fingers crossed*
omfg I'm going to explode.
First day of 2nd Semester. Leggo
Hi Another Foley writer? Love it! Welcome to my timeline. :-D
umm haha only slightly #sketchy haha is gonna record that one on her phone too. -_- haha
Google is my professor!
You're welcome!
Movie night with my pouches and
My heart beats in 5/4 time.
8.9 magnitude earthquake in Indonesia ?!?
Man whores these days! down grading, big time! Hahaha
I will pray for your dream!
Hey, any story about a rogue bisexual priest/alchemist on the run from the inquisition has GOT to be there
Thanks for the welcome, but my plane never got off the ground last nite, so we'll do the SA shows from nearby Washington
Good Morning to all ;)
Is that some sort of backhanded compliment about how good looking our women are?
I believe we just booked some friends of yours for the June showcase!!
you could come with me sometimes if you'd like
Walk off Homerun for Pence! Still piss lee didn't get the win!
RT : Just because it's my last week of work doesn't mean work me to death!!! // Time to start slacking.
Oh man, I've never seen it. I need to hunt that down.
A lot of people are yelling and wooing outside. Something about sports?
I'm def ready for a new baseball season, watching the A's & M's in japan. Angels all the way to the World Series!!! Go halos
A wise man changes his mind, a fool never will.
ah alright sounds good!
Numbers for IB(s)?(:
Mila Kunis in friends with benefits is on point >>>
Done - sent to your MSN email could one of you guys email me or DM me the bostonsim twitter
can I transfer $ to ur acct
Hahaha!!! "RT : "the hardest thing to leave out of the mix is the 60 piece orchestra" Steve Lillywhite."
$20 wash&Curl
Just got the email!
FOLLOW NOW FOR A SHOUT OUT ON MY PERSONAL AND A DM TO CODY&AUSTIN TWEET ME YEE WHEN YOU DID!<U+2665>
We have a new song and I will let you choose. Gonna tweet both links. It's the New More than Anything!
Y does it seem like the only people right-wing Christian zealots care about r themselves & the unborn baby?
hate getting sick.
I need a Redbull
Working on a book of all the unanswered letters I've sent out over the years.
welcome to the family lol
Entertainment best bets May 4-10
My tummy keeps rumbling -_-
#VikingShores Is Crazy As Hell . But Its Not Right To Be Killing Them Whales Like That
Tired af.. Shower then callin it a night!!
SMH is a black people thing
free btl of wine all July w/2 entree purchase when you mention TIBA to your server! outta help with
I forgot you had a kid. How's Maggie and um....Nikki?
look at this!!! its #MahomiesGoHard MahoneOnEllen MahoneOnEllen its a TT!!!! Make it happen!
Alex, can I buy a vowel, U please, WHAT! That's only sometimes a vowel!
ok will do, thanks! xx
Another Friday brought to you by your friends in CGS. You're welcome.
SHOUTOUT----> SHE LIVES W. HARRY STYLES!
I'm reading the Best American Nonrequired Reading 2008.
Bout to hop in the shower nd get ready for prom ..!
Yep, back from the pale! Great to hear from you again!
Foo Fighters have been together for sixteen years and Pat Smear is back in the band. Now I've totally lost track of time.
Hello there. Thank you for following me:
thanks! Enjoyed the chat.
That's the best revenge of all; happiness. Nothing drives people crazier then seeing someone have a good fucking life
I thought yesterday was Thursday....why is it Wednesday?
Looks like I've got some #NGS2012 catching up to do, thanks to 3 hour power outage this morning. Gonna' have to get ESM's am session on cd.
Looking forward to vending this year! I'll see you there!
With Michael, Sophia, Mikey, and Andrew.(:
you're actually the person I want to throttle the least on here
Why is studying a thing
love the new pic!
oh fab!! I should be getting a US number tomorrow so I will call u asap miss dag!!
Birds are singing for the sunrise
#directionerslovetickethangout me and are in love with you're music. It's amazing.
I believe it, Social Media is very influential
Any Adobe Illustrator (CS+) geniuses out there? Need help with a blend issue.
the voting was rigged obvi
#MUSICNEWS New breed of boy bands takes over airwaves
Karine Megerdoomian, MITRE, on analyzing social media at #Academedia. Examples from TweetFeel > More obscene Tweets on screen
": The first duty of love is to listen."
well played sir!
We will be there April 8th at GZ and if we get on a certain tour we will be back late April!
Filled out a form today. They asked me my race. I wrote "human" in the empty space. Was told it was an unacceptable answer...really?!!
Thanks for word of #SSPX in the news. This is "indie Catholic" too, tho like many, they would reject the label.
guess you go mad hard when that show be on
U on them Molly's RT : Gots niggas feelin like they they self again and shit, feelin wild groovy right now
Listening to Michael Kay's rant about Baseball Etiquite, when he compares it to slavery and the Holocost. Makes me laugh.
I'll kiss your mom! =D Eh...eh...? Am I right? -nudge nudge-
Some things are better left unsaid...:/
Amos Lee tore my heart out a little bit.
It's Senior Week!! Who's ready for the boat cruise tonight?
": I could never work at Chickfila. I'm too much of a bitch. But kudos to those nice people. #lifeofaprincess"
Follow a #WVU fan and #Weirton guy back!
that performance was amazing. I loved it!!!!
is this fetish day on twitter?
Finish your day of walking the #comiccon Exhibitor Floor with #DrHorriblesd LIVE on Stage! Discount Code - ComicCon gets you $10 off
I really enjoyed my weekend!! I needed that..
smoke from the fire or smoke from the bong?
Every girl has her special that makes her extraordinary!xoxo miss mimi pink
In life you have choices to make well mine is to tell the facts .Not going to sugarcoat anything I have uncensored airwaves on my website .
what? I doubt youre getting fatter! dont say that about yourself! from the pictures I have seen youre pretty skinny to me! <3
Love your site. Very cool idea for creatives.
Boy Scout council votes to sell Marble Rock camp - Mason City Globe Gazette
Abe Lincoln: America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves.
Your guess that celeb game was awesome!!!:) Please do another soon and keep up the great work!! <U+E414>
I'm fenna go to sleep. I'm irritated & i got a headache....
Happy holidays! What was the best local gift that you recieved this year?
I beez in the trap, bee beez in the trap. -
I look for people in their seats and/or in the concourses.
": Just watched 's segment on Fox 6 news. Well done." - well you do "KnowsBest"
Let's have a toast for the douchebags Let's have a toast for the assholes Let's have a toast for the scumbags Every one of them that I know
WOW! What a day! Up and back from Philly. GOD is good.
Excited about the move!
“: #aboyfriendshouldalways take his girlfriend's side. #doesntmatterifimwrong #crazygfproblem” i relate too well to these <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
that's a tough one......probably Roxy. But I've always been into Skyy Black
Wet t shirt contest need we say more ?
i can't even handle this...
DM me your email address
Today's $1000 winner on www.getrichradio.com was Dennis Sperl. Congratulations Dennis! Tomorrow you could be our winner. Tune in to win!
So Im thinking of cutting my hair short!?! :/ I love my long hair but its so damaged!!
great piece on jlin. Best I've read recently.
Today I finished a 32 page document that if I could send it back to myself in 2003, my life may have been completely different.
--no, the African American museum up the street. They were expected back at noon so I'm thinking anytime now but I'm not sure.
"For you, I'm willing to tattoo your name on my butt."
Thanks- if you know anyone interested (or want to bring a friend) I need 1 more person to get the class to run!
Looking forward to it! Thanks for the heads up.
If you need a graphic designer, check out our website. www.stardesignsa.com :)
I've only been back 3 yrs. It's cooler than I remember, but I'm much closer to the delta now.
Once I reactivate Facebook, I think I'm gonna deactivate texting on my phone. Just to see what it's like.
I hope not!!! <U+E058> are u still sick???
how'd it go today??
oh thanks!
North winds blow! Thunder & lightning!!
More coffee. The night shift just got for reals.
vs. vs. Brock Lesnar for the title.
Happy bday. Shady
hahaha yeah like 10 seconds ago!
Listening in awe to style maven at
what's even more annoying is Congress' refusal to heed his advice!
I love say somethin <3 and you?
it was amazing! Also thank you for following me my friend!
I wanna pucnh someone *stares at you* Which parts ? Maybe they'll work.
megaphones are weird
#RedSox are about to get swept by the #Orioles. The bigger concern, though, is Clay Buchholz. Just awful stuff on the mound.
(Johann Wolfgang von Goethe) You must either conquer and rule or serve and lose, suffer or triumph, be the anvil or the hammer.
Cat Game #3: Take up the most room on bed.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked : " are you mad? "
haha me too!
Bonus to severely delayed flight: vouchers for free round-trip to hush the angry masses of passengers.
Yaaaaaaaaay! My baby is home!!!
agreed, but I don't sit alone in black and white rooms.
No You Looked Beautiful A'F I Looked a Mess I Didnt Want you to See me .
thanks for the referral Dave!
how often did we listen at that age.
With to accept Governor's Service Award on behalf and our #OpOliver volunteers //
I'm really excited to work the super bowl! This weekend and next weekend is gonna be busy!
you should enjoy AS now - I don't think they are much more than a one-trick pony. Calling it now - next album will be lame.
wait wait wait...your badge says "golf professional"????
it comes down to how you define basketball.
It's official, the Vanilla Gorilla is back in
Oh yeah. Ribs.
Finally got my bumper!!!!
I'm thinking if t-shirt was pre-bundled w/ your badge, you don't have say out loud what size you need.+faster +no waste
Maternity leave is almost over. Back to work on Oct. 10th. Looking forward to getting back to the grind.
Traffic lights at Hydraulic and Seminole Trail are not working. County Police say traffic delayed, lights will be back in two hours
wow, pretty amazing view, right into the center of ground zero
Happy Mothers' Day to all the moms out there.
took it out for a spin in Pioneer Square with as my subject. Got some photos & video...shutter is practically silent.
Just made a twitter! Follow me and I'll follow you back!
thanks for the #FF!
resistance band! Good thinking, will try, thanks. /cc
Maybe in #Titanic3D they will see the fucking iceberg this time
you'll just have to wait and see
thinking of you today! Congrats on your promotion!!!
This is a 81' Honda! How dare you!!
thx for the follow...loved your blog! Keep in touch and all the best! :)
Warrior Walk in 3 and half hours. Can't wait. Go Aztecs!
If you a real nigga you'll say it to my face
Sunday afternoon classification homework with my husband. It's #libraryschool love
Happy MLK day... Dr. Ben Carson is giving the keynote today at our school!!! I'm so excited.. he's a huge idol of mine
and the kiddos made me breakfast in bed.....how sweet
where all the brothers and sisters come to get together.
Sign ups for fed hill and hampden end on 7/7 (baltimorebocce.com)
Dillard warming in #Brewers bullpen
Working on art...2 papers due on Monday...N my collages debut Saturday night at the Community Artists Collective in Houston, Texas! ~Hustle.
welcome to NYC! Hope to see u on Sunday! It's my 1st time going to IMATS! Yay!!!!!!!
auditioning, working hard on the business front. What's poppin on your end? Any new shoots?
On the school tour 3 shows tomorrow
Nice, I knew you would like it!!
Thanks! Topic is Large Card Sort Analysis Made Easy. This is my 1st yr attending #UPA_Intl conference. Are you attending
I'm so tired of logging into the ALA website and getting the Object Not Found error...
Lady Gaga has become so big that they let her mom #Madonna play? That's nice.
I want to see you.
about the same!:) haha and omg I know I'd cry when I see him and idk tbh what I would do haha xx
Various portions of River Rd will be closed throughout the week for sewer repair. Please allow additional time on your way to the museum.
is offering $20. OFF a 1 hour Reading with Rick, Dec.29th- Jan.5th!!! www.AskaMedium.com
Don't worry baby, I'm holding you down.<U+2665>
my eyes comment was probably the best thing I have ever said
apparently they don't want us to get too big for our britches.
I see where you're coming from.
hahaha well I have a final at 1....and no more meals on my card :(
Thank you for spreading the word about moving your money out of the "Too big to fail" Banks!
Tomorrow I will be out collecting nomination signatures in the #18thAssemblyDistrict again. Looking forward to meeting with more people!
REMEMBER! Last weekend to check out Reflections on Guatemala by Emily Janowiak and Jeff Litsey!
I will but,we needa negotiate somethings first
as in "DAMN that's a long period of time" or "DAMN you two are TERRIBLE for each other" ?
Trying to decide a level of technology in a new upcoming series.
Track flow
why thank you!
The article is good. I think it is important to remind groups that parking lot washes are not good for the environment.
without a doubt
it's a secret! Duh lol
Hard to get on anything when all clubs own by people who aren't in the culture. A city that known for bio Chem not entertainment.
Keep Me On My Toes..
yeah I was weirded out too.
no time for play when there's work to be done .
Coach im pretty sure when hopscotch it goes from Tennessee, Alabama, Texas, and California (:
Proud to see our President taking a stand in support of marriage equality & the right of all Americans to marry the person they love.
"Because I give you glory, because of who you are I give you praise..lord I worship you because you are" <U+266C> That song Rocks! #gymflo complete
It's amazing how much some coaches who are 2 seeds in this tourney are allowed to cuss at officials with no T's being given
our first piece of fan art!! We love it!!
Passover is different from all other nights, because on Passover, everyone can feel Jewish.
I downloaded Dream Chasers 2, I must say u a beast! U killin em on that joint
im glad have a safe weekend
that was my tip-off, too
Come to www.watchnhllive.com for all your preseason and regular season hockey games live online enjoy!!!
Can't wait to go rock climbing again using our new expert skills with &
Late peeps...
that's a good song
my background is killing (:
Not sure what's worse: the 3 months of street construction outside or the neighbor's marathon practicing of Christmas carols on saxophone.
"Momma I'm a millionaire, but Saks Fifth Ave don't sell affection..."
GCB is a pretty good show (:
I don't know about you, but I'm really sick of hearing about Dick Cheney again. How is it no one's managed to put a stake through his heart?
It's Samuel From FB RT Back Please
10-4. I'll hold on to it for you and delete the post. Let me know mañana.
This is going to sound incredibly trite, but sounds like you need a break. Do something different for today & recharge your batteries
Thursday will be Ladies Night; $1 Margaritas until 11P.M.Drink Specials every 30 minutes ; Daniel Boom Dj will be in the mix !!
just sent you over and email! Hope to work together soon!
Excited to hear that for the first time since 2000, the original members if Strangefolk reunited in Brooklyn last nte. Huge fan from '97-'00
I've gotten so used to wearing Lululemons that jeans feel uncomfortable.
what? No benbecula option today! In spring ! Have a safe trip :)
Hey New York Events! Thanks for the follow!
I'm too damn sensitive.
Made a ten cent donation to George Zimmerman's defense fund (and mailed it postage due).
Watching Karate Kid 3 - Forgot how tough Mr. Miagi was. He's kicking some major butt...
Sexy boys work and ride for
Tlking is a waste of time....
he's equal opportunity!
In other news chris moyles snogged sinitta + Omero drunkenly left the hamster cage open + one of them is loose in the flat
CASTLE STALKER
Monday Night's forecast: Bitter with a chance of legacy destruction.
don't know if I ever told you this but I love you(:
LMFAO that was great "so called finchel"
It's rare bc t-storms require the rapid, upward movement of warm/moist air and those conditions occur rarely when snow is actually possible
Shattered windshields along the Skyway. Drivers thought they were being shot at!! We're live with what really happened
absolutely! Feel free to shoot an email to and the right person will get back with you.
no I can't! Omg ugh our love lives are blah.
My parents are watching twililight in spanish ...all into it ?
Y'know that old saying it's better to be pissed off then pissed on? It's probably not a good thing if you're both. Just ask BG.
TRAK Records and Library is seeking a Senior Analyst in #NJ who will focus of on Health Care Operations!
Note to Kelly clarkson..
's new song Starships >>>>
Concept mapping as a language learning activity! Denise is preparing us to work with a poem as the primary text.
great advice! and don't forget your vitamin D afterwards! Get your Tan!!
Just sang the Reading Rainbow Song w/
"Under the Toucan Sam"
Going out on the lake tommorrow gonna be fun
I Love How Takes The Time And Wishes His ICONiacz A Happy Birthday.<3 #LoveYou<3
Stats to live by! RT We have picked up 9 minutes of daylight since Friday and a hour and 13 min since December 21st.
I'm kind of pissed off now.. It hurts when they compare me to others, like I try my best, be thankful. Whatever, Night guys. <3
Happy Birthday I hope you have fun with friends and family you where great in chicago dance class with Bianca follow back?
the zoo! Nothing like it!
Right, but diff may be exaggerated somewhat by UK data on schools vs. US data on students.
Friday. Thank you for finally arriving. Long long week. Have a great day..
An extra car in booth 1083 is for "amateurs" to try their hand at applying graphics. Where else can you be exhorted to "grab a squeegee"?
Tweeted in class #YOLO lol LOVE YOU ALEX<33
#GreysAnatomy is the only show I watch. It would mean the world to me to go to this event!
Doesn't that retweet just about sum up the reason for double-standards, and general quietness?
Who is your favorite Prince? I can't decide between Prince, Tayshaun Prince, and the Fresh Prince of Bel Air.
Overturned gravel truck NW of #Battleground on NE 269th St W. of Daybreak Rd...269th is BLOCKED.
O'Brien graduates early, and benched. Uthoff decides 2 redshirt, mad about 2013 class being better, wants out of scholarship!
thanks friend
So scratch the Mickey Mouse update I will be Minnie Mouse... The client changed their mind.
If you host a lunch activity I'll work out of just around the corner and make a day of it!
You're famous Everyone keeps saying they watched you on the news this morning!
about the message?
Adam. Nice to get to know the contact for md live. Look forward to updates. Image making is my business. John Coyle
Mixing song #3. The last song was a quintet plus vocals. Took 2.5 hrs! Now, we r mixing a duo voice and guitar. This one should go faster.
Two guys today bred me today. So much cum.
NADI Cinema is screening Under the Bombs (Lebanon 2007) dir. Philippe Arctingi TONIGHT (4/25) at 7pm in the Union Theater.
Anyone need used values for Audio, Video, Musical Instruments, Guns, Cameras, and Computers--Go to www.usedprice.com
Hopefully I picked the right numbers #MegaMillions it's just too high to ignore
Like we don't really play though! 2live
Thank you so much for your inspiring newsletter. Yesterday was especially wonderful.
'How Trina Got In' is very funny episode,i hope that the next one will be awesome like this 1!
Listeners...does anyone relate to ?
I don't know how many #Quotes I read on #Twitter in a day =0
Hannah Montana.
lol ikr they are everywhere here in florida XD
dinner time..
oh yeah yeah I think he does! Haha I knew that! Lol xD
aww. :( I was gonna go do my project in my friend's house this Sunday! Well, I guess I'm gonna miss the live chat. :(
Take with you. #humanshield RT : I'll tweet you guys tonight if I'm still alive.
MT : Proud of my friend for speaking at State Bar of TX Annual Meeting on law firm marketing
Yeah I'm suppose to be on next week! I'm so excited to show off my lil boo!
You should have won and BTW you have the most beautiful smile
A hard working man and do anything when they put there mind to it, off to work
Carlos O. Gomez, : "When I go to college, that's good for me, and for my whole community."
Good game! good luck later!
Lots of peeps here w/ moms. Even sheeps here w/ moms. :) RT : Made it to with mom!
Safe travels! See you soon #NAIAS #Detroit RT : , here I come!
I for one can't wait till Romney adds all the #RobotVampirefromtheFuture facts to the WH presidential bios.
I'm following both #leadershipchat and #pr20chat right now (while researching bloggers). Small world! What are you working on?
goodnight baby i love you see you tomorrow:)
#idontunderstandandwhy i dont like #nickiminaj as much as other kids i dont like #rap period it sucks to me but thats my
Had a fun time with and :) #ThankYouSaintPatty!
One #blessing may become a #misfortune, and one misfortune may become a blessing. It's how you use the event to grow as a #soul that counts.
When i stopped reading blogs I also stopped writing them. I need to stop living on a ship
I just earned the Rookie badge on #Yelp!
Guys texting BM audio. It's the Featured Bit "Shats R Us" at www.freekshowradio.com
who wouldn't?
I can't wait to come back home next month!
hi emily. Dosey me has ONLY Just Noticed you Did manage to get a birthday tweet off Diana. Congratulations. Remenber jumping
Compassion-"as we forgive our debtors"
You sly dog. How could I say Bad Idea to that? needs more 21 year olds! We'd love her as a member of !
Hunter Hayes "wanted" >>>
Best Twitter bio ever! RT Just noticed that Judy Blume's "about me" on Twitter is "Are you there Twitter? It's me, Judy."
RT : RT : I'm good, thanx, hope alls well..miss u more. Catch up when I'm back to LA :)
thanks you're the best!
Guys who say 'no homo' to qualify the statement that follows have issues.
smh well I think its him so I'm sticking to my story!
ha! Thanks for watching TMJ4! :)
oops...at least get a FP for Space!!
Home at last. Just finished my daily water intake. Now for hockey, dinner and . . . Z.
I think I will add karaoke music production to my list of post-postdoc career options.
Finally lunch time
“ #Leo's warmth radiates from their heart, and they live the life of an eternal romantic.”
If you're not falling, you're not learning. ;-)
got the full beard going. Slowly but surely lol
Am I an angel, or am I demon, but shit I don't know me, so I can't judge me.
RT Do you exercise each week and if so what do you do to stay fit?
Hola Ya'all! 2 nite - Vallejo Music Group Ladies Night...9-1. Hope to C U...We play @ 10:15 & it's Matt Muehling's B Day!
I was think more along the lines of "DETOUR."
Your relentless focus on the outcomes that you're helping *others* to produce for themselves is the model for *every* org!
I am getting zero help from customer svc. Do you guys treat customers better?
I'm absolutely astonished by how many women walk around #vegas with their shoes in hand & dirty ass feet. So sloppy.
you know when you're at home with the one you love, and you think-- i got to get on your health insurance
Anything possible : Brainwashing 101. I'm surprised they don't have their kid cut himself just to associate the pain with Obama
I know! I listened to it a lot when I loss my daddy :(
#HKC WINS their one NFL Sunday Selection 3* Carolina Panthers with EASE !!!! BPOSport.com
PMP Certification From PMI is an in demand certification for Project Managers. New Mexico Hiring Managers love PMP's
Jim Cason of the Friends Committee on National Legislation came to our office to drop off 4 posters w/ names of 8000 Quakers who support us!
shameless on showtime!
Such a great crew in the studio today! Making filming music videos CAN be fun.
yeah no
They're doing this instead of having the time for "Man or Muppet"?
": I'm about to go to my car . .... Get my gun .... Shoot everybody's ass" <---1st Epi. of Pablo Goes Postal is in the works I see
why are you laying on the floor in your picture?
help alex get #rockmysocksoff trending <3
Action can be accomplished w/in program time. Participants to implement.
I was just told i look like the girl version of jesus...thank you?...
Oh hey bb
A tired and groggy morning. Amazing how the weather matches my mood. It was a red morning. Good thing I am not a sailer.
FRIDAY. Thanks!
#BaylorBear Wow. Impressive.
yeah i was reading while listening to here comes the sun and i started bawling
you about to start some shit today with that one!
Today we are meeting with Tom & Pam Koppel at their new local business Getting the grand tour. Very impressive!!
Dear Politicians, You are not going to get my vote with your smear campaign. Tell me what is good about you, ignore the opponent.
The green stuff on the occasional freak potato chip is chlorophyll.
Well, if it's for the Admiral... MT RT : We need 2000 volunteers to follow
Reminder to all of our awesome clients: our offices will be closed the next two Mondays, 12/26 and 1/2. Happy holidays!
way to go buffalo
Hey can we have the old layout back. THIS NEW ONE SUCKS!!!!
Every morning when I ride my bike to work, I see so many things I would like to paint. I see the beauty in everything. =)
Taylor likely wants 4 yrs., $8 million fully guaranteed. All picks ahead of him are fully guaranteed K's. Two slots after him only 60%.
Nah I'm not. Never have been, never will be. :) But my buddy is and that's his band so I'ma support his juggalo ass! :D
I don't remember the last time I had this much ink in my hair.
Baby you're a firework!
Please follow me, and I'll just about die<3
Haha good choice :P Hmm..What's ur fav color? (im bein random&bored at the same time :P )
A #SportingKC goal is near.
#girllookatthatbody i work out :D
I blame coaching for that.. weve seen this enough before.
Hejinian-on-lunch-break==writing poetry on napkins
About to go all 1950's housewife. Too bad I don't have a dress from
Love how told 's ass off on #RHOAReunion !<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> why is there an escort on the show? So disappointing....
Snow, snow, go away come again...never.
Some of these roller coasters are getting my ass
yeah, of course,'Ghost' was good w/ Swayze but 'Ghost Town' rocked w/Gervais! (nice to see u tweetin' (miss those TIOL days)!
Same. I love Latour. I've used him in my research and writing, and he's always brilliant.
He read an iconic sentence: Billy Pilgrim has come unstuck in time. Realized, "lack of coherence in my ideas was to be explored."
Dunks got new straws!
#fridayreads I'm reading THE PARIS WIFE by Paula McLain. Love!
Waiting for my plane to ATL!!
Tonight's special: Sonic the Hedgedog! Topped w/ blue cheese, blue vegenaise (!!), cucumber, tomato, jalapeños, olives, & pepper.
both of you...Vegas trip. Stat!
Thanks for visiting us : )
Oh and, killed it last night.
Hey, put on some beats I can frat to.
same thing is happenin to me!!):
I just want it all to be over ..
WHERE IS IT!
I take drugs strictly for the side effects. Redness, stroke and possible death? To cure toe fungus? Yes please!
at leastt i can tweet when the power goes out -scared-
Einstein said if he had 1 hr to save the world he would spend 55 min defining the problem & 5 min finding the solution -credit wikiHow feed
hi we just saw u at renzo's - my little girl loved it
Where is the punishment for Edison Volquez if he serves a 50-game suspension while on the disabled list?
Jim Solomon of The Fireplace restaurant is here at #LIGFest - stop by for lunch or dinner!
damn! that sucks /:
I heard a nasty rumor that tue finale was actually decent
I love Mike Milbury! Never afraid to speak his mind.
Ladies say i'm your girl, your my man- You got it bad- Usher
Funny how people only talk to you when they want something
What a weekend...but i wont curse my past so im ready for the shift...
Tonight gonna get wasted!!! As much as i like to party, the hangover kills me!!
Don C. knows TP. Ruth W. makes a good point. Rob's son is well-behaved.
No better feeling than having a probate settlement come out to the penny on the first go around.
Taking dog to get his shots
Vic Fuentes why are you so damn sexy? ;)
RT : #LOVED last night. Looking forward to brunch there real soon.
Please follow a great all digital Golfing/ Luxury lifestyle magazine!
LOL. I'm all for it! Gay couples should have the same problems, and headaches as str8 couples. LOL
Leaving Chester short of my goal of qualifying for WSOPC Championship. Driving home, reevaluating and making a trip to Nola
aite then its a bet
DREAMS ARE JUSS EMPTY THOUGHT UNTIL THEY ARE FULFILLED
I love how the Bruins won it all
I hate putting the effort into getting ready for school. Considering I'm just going to sleep in History and then in homeroom. I can't wait!
Save money on data costs by accessing the web using your Android or iPhone or Blackberry, check out our review
Good show tonight on #LastWord re #TheNewt. What a freaking villain. Good 4 u sir 4 calling this evil maniacal corp lapdog out.
They are giving me a 4S!! Can you say upgrade??
Mom:Where are you taking Jameo? Me:To school with me, its show&tell day! my mom just starts laughing lol why cant college be like preschool?
fuck is you hatin for like you done some'n for a nigga
You shower naked? What a bad ass...
Sorry to have fallen out of touch with everyone recently. Been a busy few days at work. Lots of Paterno coverage.
We love they have a music video out! It's so awesome!
