I know you like the way I put it togetha lol <U+263A>
that is extremely
Sometimes, the only realists are the dreamers.
Finding I'm much more tied to the Twitters when I'm working at CHNM-Memphis. When in-residence, I'm connecting IP w/chnmers
we were so legit
noo haha it kinda sounds like The Decision. Glad it's not...I wouldn't enjoy doing PR for a film on that
Without #contraception how will #Catholic priests keep the alter boys from getting STD's?
Bitches be doin the most
Stay safe!
Using Your Social Influence to #BeTheChange by from Talent Rev up next!
Does the Cuse loss make UK the overall #1 no matter what happens tomorrow ?
Can it be #dirtydeezythursday or..
I'll dm it to you.
im rolling my eyes at you right now:P he gets lucky! I mean every at bat? They might wanna check that drug test again...
"A girl doesn’t need to tell you straight up how she feels, it’s written all over her eyes"
cold and wet at Camden Yards tonight, and not off to a good start
nah aint shit to do right now but smoke
happy birthday nicolette a good one
I'm surprised that when you switched to the old iPad, the lesser screen didn't bother you. That happens to me.
woop woop! my #bff is visting! watch out #vegas here we come!!!
pee is me
#PdPlus Learn about how crowd sourcing can help to fund your projects. Follow the convo!
Thank you sir! I'll be seeing you home in LA in a few weeks
“ Sometimes we wish someone would just look closely enough & see how broken we really are inside.”
The night is still young!
Forecast for Thursday Night: Mostly clear. Lows in the upper 40s. North winds around 5 mph.
Hearing hissing in a restaurant...and I look around like a moron trying to figure out who needs me
Been up for 1/2 hour already, Anyone else up so early and ready to enjoy the weekend
Just checking in. Hi everyone. It's a beautiful Saturday evening. I'm out with the sunset.
What it is? BCC Genre/Form Task Force is going to tell us in the Far East Room!
435 words only.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Enjoy! RT : appointments booked. #RVA restaurant week reservation made. Monday couldn't come any sooner.
No Holly didn't run off stage!!! Bwahaha.
LOL That's incredibly easy to simulate. And what about the spray tan smell??
you doing it?
RT Reading about Jesus is drastically different than a relationship with Jesus. Relationship matters. // totally agree!!
great. Graduated and on the way to the real world of music!
Sweet. Recommendation: Can't go wrong with "Kiss."
Every night, I go to bed, I take a trip, inside my head and I wonder
And I still don't have number
yeah some are exerting a bit too much for the beefcake
Q: How many PA's does it take to screw in a light bulb?A: Nine........one to do it and eight others to wish they'd been asked.
- Ah! That's awesome! I still remember in 4th grade having Bobby Orr sign that pic for me at Walter Brown arena!
Ok... Starting design process of my indie game.
I remember the first day me n him 1st met
haha I sent wmag a tweet about the photoshop of KStew. Would love to see the "before" photo. Looks more like clean & sober Lohan.
you have a house in Florida lucky I only have a house in California
There is only one way out - Newt, Callista and Marianne should go on Jerry Springer's show
SAKIRI VODKA Latest news! We are officially announcing that SAKIRI Vodka has been the Vodka provider for the TV Series: CSI
deal! all we ask is that you
At the park now...weather is perfect! Happy Mother Nature Day today!
Ugh, I think it may be food poisoning.
this i agree with.
I should not eat in public.
This day just keeps getting better ;)
May u clean the her heart?. Please she is crazy,,,, and she is my mum :(
You would ask me, so imma let this Oakwood relax me
Kinda surprised to see Haley go (I assume)
I really love all your tweets they relate to me so well plus thy teach a good lesson as well :)
Spanish unions prepare for strike
he was young!! how old was he ??
#ADELE is so cute!!! Amazing! Talented!!!
Changing my picture because I'm one ugly motherfucker.
just started reading - very excited to dig in to this book!
saxsons kicked the crap out of US in rugby lol
Martin! We'd love to see another Skillshare class in Philly. Looks like it got great reviews!
bought the train tickets for Philly. Buying plane tickets for LSP Tues. (pay day).
Happy #Friday !
I invite you to follow me personally or for more professional tweets,
No Episode this week guys. Super special show next week though PROMISE!
My commitment to beauty/grooming begins and ends with trying to not be the oily friend.
oh I saw her on her Play On tour in 2010! And aww thank you! I'm sure you will!:)
": Sunglasses allow you to look at people without getting caught. It's like Facebook in real life."
please follow me!(:
Head to our neighbor, for #marchmadness RT Garage Doors will be open..1/2 off drinks for the Games tonite..open at 5
Dr. Dog tonight @ the Fillmore wouldn't miss it :)
i fell in love with Ben at the signing yesterday </3 help me do the thing i wanna do b4 i die. go on a date with ben<3
Great presentation on Effective Communication & Communications Audits by Karen Kleinz of #NSPRA. Lots of food for thought.
That "special/unique" smile that you get, whenever you're talking to the person you like.
Thanks very much, Dawn! How are you?
Between this brandon appleby and this fucking Brandon Maffitt kid, I don't know who is going to get fucking hunted down & hit first.
Got locked out of my place.My neighbor was amazing!We drank #SkinnyGirl margaritas & waited for my roommate 2 get back! Thx Sarah
what was this magical Colleen shirt? Ps watching drive finally omg Ryan gosling!
Did you know Supreme Court Justices cannot clap during a State Of The Union address ?
this weekend was really fun! excited for next weekend!!
Getting ready for Alabama Shakes at the Austin City Limits taping. Can't wait!
Life is so quiet w/ one dog! I kind of love it :)
OH YEAH PAULY D PROJECT YEAH
I need a vacation.... #springbreakplans?
omfg sounds like my dad.
5 minutes until half, Japan hangs on to a 8-7 lead
Yessir! Finally going this year! Who you shooting for?
Ok who knows a magic jeannie? I could use one.
I'm finding that sending back artifacts from the mission field was an important part of raising support and money back home.
Happy Fathers Day!!! Enjoy it to the fullest
So I joined a team on etsy, maybe I can get more views on my shop? =) trying new things
yes you do! They are out there right now filming before they start the summer tour :)
Kentucky is unfortunately too good. IU has played them the best in the tourney thus far.
Got 2 tickets to Bon Iver at Radio City..#ticketmaster wouldn't accept my credit card..tickets now released.You feel the love?
I'm tryna ball
Could giveaway a PRIDE mousepad, Rousey vs Tate 8x10 poster or a signed Josh Barnett 8x10.Thoughts?
What to do on this beautiful day? Hhhhhhmmmm
That was a 5-hour infomercial for NASCAR.
Just sent a fax in with a request to exhibit sales group. thanks.
I wish she'd text me and tell me what she wants
How did Jimmy eat world come up with their name? Is one of the band members a super ambitious dude named Jimmy?
cooling with some
well shit I'm a vampire I gotta be up in four hours. But I have insomnia so I don't sleep
So this dude I thought was Vin Diesel is actually Pitbull?
I barely noticed in catching up to my hommie 's tweets ^.^
Teamworkout where u at? At gym now getting it in. Weights 1st and u know what's next - spinclass.
Pres. Grant born on this day Hiram Ulysses. Congressman's recommendation to West Pt. referred to him as Ulysses Simpson & the name stuck.
Is into Salon takeover. Will I seriously watch anything Bravo airs? I guess so.
Or the bear will only get brighter headbands, bigger mustaches and more PBR.
follow me?! I'LL LOVE YOU FOREVER. I'll support even if you don't. You should check out my music though.
Taylor is going to like win so many grammys tonight!!
Thanks for the #FF, right back at ya! You all are awesome!
“: Getting the rainbow pinwheel of death on safari always makes me so nervous”
You're the only color i'm bleeding. I only miss you when i'm breathing.
come chill with me. (:
Thanks for the follow! Yay for Design Majors.
My husband has some pretty good Hunger Games jokes. Check out
Q4 just cleaned out tech services dept, found letters calling to end high serials prices back in 60s and 70s, not much new here
Happy with you :).
hey girl what u bn up to
Are you going to the Apollo tonight? I hope you're feeling better :) Follow back?
#sublime RT : I want to do a prank at the Casino. Say we're shooting for the show The Biggest loser..
I ran FROTHY through my thesaurus...Foamy? Soapy? Lathered-up? That's a tough one to decipher.
WE BUY GOLD & SILVER ! WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 !
Auction Systems Auctioneers &amp; Appraisers Inc., to Host Arizona Department of Administration Auction Featuring 200 ...
Dire need of tonight w/ and burgers and champagne oh my
Trying to party FREE in DC for #LuxSundays | Text LuxSundays to 74455
Coke without rum just tastes odd nowadays.
Goin to get my oil change should have been did it
look at my last tweet!):
stop at burleson high school.:)
welcome!! and please, check me out on soundcloud if your into #melodicdubstep and #drumandbass!!
madeira art show...Our Spirit and Soul is here! Why send cards when Art cards are better!
Achievement brings its own anticlimax. - Maya Angelou
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. ~ Bill Cosby
lol u better say goodbye to me tomorrow!!
Awesome job! :) Gotta Love #HCG! :) RT I've lost 10 lbs in a week :) thank you hcg.
What's going on ICONic Boyz ?? ;D
ah that stinks dude! My film, "Friends," is screening this Sat. @ 11am in "Bring the Kids" category. See you when you get here!
Day off next Monday! Can't wait!
Oh no, stacey is out and that little beyotch gets to stay one more week , ugh....
"Restless City" Teaser Screen with Actors Meet and Greet at Shrine World Music Venue, 429 W 127th, on April 11th from 6-8pm.
Heyy Chris (: how are you?
didn't see your ustream. brb while i go cry :(
Getting a new laptop soon...
Let me start taking care of business because I can be on twitter all day without realizing it
Carl Crawford to the 60 day DL. What a disappointment that guy has been for Boston
that is so true
Happy Halloween!
just dug into his deep bag of tricks to show us how to Know More.
I was planning on being home for the 2nd half of #DCU - I'm going to have to fly down 7.
tell mason he is and has a vagina
yeah he was, he just went to the Jets at 43
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 83k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x2
my dogs name is Xanadu I call her xannie, woo woo and pumpkin face
I wanna go back to Europe
Yup!! : I biked to work today for the first day of "Bike to Work Week." Did you?
I'm just annoyed by hyper-inflated prices for basic things. Gets on my nerves (:
Great idea! RT: We bring our kids' teachers Gigi's Cupcakes.
Looking for the perfect #flower for your #wedding? Look no further! Fife Flowers gives FREE consultations!
Seldom do, but tomorrow I am wearing my 2007 State Champ ring. Go Cards
A former member of the Police Commission, Alan Skobin, has been unanimously confirmed to the Board of Fire Commissioners.
Happy FF! Check out these great tweeters!
Hines wins 59-41, without losing a single ward!
ah, thanks for the clarification.
#xfactor there is NO REASON you should have been in the bottom 2! I'm 36 yrs old and know how your so amazing!
tru shid I'ma b back out that way round 7 or 8 so I'ma hyl
Tuesday looks open. I'm ready for some crunchy cookie.
RT wore my Tee when I was in Arkansas, and a waiter came up to me with an empty tin can and hit it with a spoon.
The music video for faded was um... interesting
Thanks #c4l12 for letting me crash the Grateful Dead archive session. Now it's time for some research.
Gosh why is 2013 so far away? D: I get to see my future husband :p
it was gr8! we had soo much fun!
As a fellow Colombian, #ripjoearroyo. You are one of the greatest salsa singers of our era who brought joy to millions of fans. Gracias.
U don't like to wear underwear. I don't like it when u do anyway. Problem solved
I have like ten dollars! Haha
just wanna kno is that $200 stuff lotion or perfume or what?
Morning ! Watching the show now & Jeanne mentioned she finally got twitter last night. Yay! What's her "handle"?
-- just so you know, I hate you all.
As I prepare for a new job as an artist's model, I am suddenly scrutinizing every angle of my physical self. Hopefully this will ware off.
thanks gorgeous
As you make your 2012 United Way donation, please consider The Strong: Youth Education Programs, donor designation
I just want a motherfuckin cotton candy machine.
I am thinking about making #SAMOAS? anyone have a good #samoa recipe? #samoa cookies #samoa brownies
distinguish another, for he thought, “Let it not be known that the woman came to the threshing floor.” 15And he said, “Hold out
Just finished doing the Bill Michael show. That was fun and interesting :)
Currently airing on the Independent Film Channel: Malcolm in the Middle.
heh. you're more likely to see one on me before
Happy Women's Day! Courage does not always roar... but sometimes it has too!
Now following who I've been watching on since I was a kid, cause I am a NERD for WEATHER and #hurricane coverage
did those clothes work?
thanks for following us!
YEA I'M MAD BITCH !! ": Yeah it is? YOU MAD HOE RT “: Oh , that's why you can't text back ?”"
you bet! Things are great.. I'm living in the weight room at ODU now, but I still miss seeing you and the rest of the gang!
If #CMO's will spend more on IT than CIO's by 2017 (Gartner), process improvement better be in the mix.
School SUPPA DRY!!
How come when I RT I cant leave my own little note WTF am i doin wrong
Stephano plays Starcraft and does the things that an organism does to not die. All the while applying moisturiser. xD
My interview with about Nationless World and the modern world for :
coffee & lemon pancakes
Max is helping us set up a facebook page. Our company is finally moving into the new technological world.Post your favorite pics .
#fundamentals Dr. Seuss, Lewis Carroll, Edward Eager, L. Frank Baum, E. Nesbit, Edward Gorey, Peanuts, fairy tales (real ones)
no problem! i wish i could sing as good as you, i love singing, its my life, but it seems like i'm not as good :P
Body Fat % Testing: BioElectrical Impedance Method
I gotta pool hop some people this summer
Thank you for checking in!
No matter what kind of a monster he was -- and he was -- I don't wish that kind of pain on him. Or ANYONE, for that matter.
Collaborating with Terwilliger Plaza---new exhibition on-site coming soon! Dell Nelson exquisite charcoal masterpieces. 84 yrs. old master.
Winners take action, losers talk about it.
No disrespect, but I wanna go mess (Gomez) with Selena!
Retrace my tweets. You'll see I never said Gere "couldn't" criticize Chn. Said he'd be better served to critique US.
50th tweet...this proves that I no longer require any human contact! Long live social media
Tonight at Whiskey Chicks- S.I.N. Night! Get ready for your 1st beer on us + $10 Slider, Hot Dog, Fries & Beer. Kitchen open till 1 am!
yeah dude no shit
just realized that we're almost at 1,000 followers 0_o whoa thanks for the love guys :D
Was really hoping to not have to worry about Champions League qualifying after today, so much for that.
. Thanks for the retweet love. :)
So is every new female rapper and singer going to profess their bisexuality as a marketing ploy?
hope not don't need you fighting nobody lol and yeaa i know right I'm glad I ain't gotta do that class no more for real aha
For the next 4 hours swing by Rackhouse Pub and get the deal shown here: BURGERS AND BEER MONDAY
Are you kidding me with an Anchorman sequel? I don't know what to do with my hands.
I'm thinking +2 for Jennings and -2 for Rondo.
2 1/2 year olds get up when THEY want, no matter what time you finally went to bed
My Name is Mazin and I'm a Doer
but yet you tell me not to.
feel that
but I give you airheads so.....
get us!
Hate. Packing.
las vegas looks shocking like morocco, perhaps b/c that's the only desert i've seen before
thank you mittens :-)
I love you Brother! Even if you do masterbate while playing C.O.D(:
Super excited to try out tonight! Any recommendations on what to order?
Hope ya'll had a great time!! Thanks for visiting!
Only saw the last 7+ mins, but clutch drive and physical D sure looks like a new #49ers team! RT 49ers win. New era?
U can't act like n apparatchik & try 2 convince the world that u believe in democracy.
Yay! Maybe and I will see you there! :D
The library will be closed today for the holiday! We will reopen tomorrow morning!
selena s a million times prettier then the chick in the boyfriend video.
Could use some encouragement tonight: Is parenting a 10 yo boy supposed to be this hard?
Cooking tip: Don't microwave popcorn for four minutes unattended. Chaos results.
Good to hear, thanks for attending!
DO you think Calipari will leave UK for the NBA now that he has won his title?
Bring a 40oz. in a brown bag to tomorrow's screening of 'The Writer' in LA in honor of the film's SF roots. Isn't that how you do it, SF?
The bulls r finally bustin M.I.A azz-pause!
Who's your favorite band of the #the70's? holla back
watch your language
I actually just found the reciept, so I can now!
I'm tired of ppl saying Mayweather needs to fight pacman to prove himself. I hate to say it but he's proved he's the best time n time again.
need a VACAY !!
RT Your positive attitude can be contagious - infect the world around you this very day! ~ #quote Why not?
The storms tonight have been horrible. These are the worst storms I have probably ever seen.
Hurry up and rain!!!
I bet Gaddafi is regretting signing up for "Find My Friends" service on his new iPhone 4S.
i'm in a pretty good mood actually. if i could be like dis al da time it'd by lovely.
Bad way to end the night..
so I think you should rt me cuz your rt every one else! Haha(; oh and go look up
I will be producing "The Miser" at the brand new Lansdale Center For Performing Arts on March 26th & 27th and April 9th & 11th
as you know this statement is categorically untrue
Republicans Agenda pt 3. 10. Raising of the Confederate Flag, 11. Kill the Constitution and Bill of Rights. 12. More Guns 13. Chaos
Wow, that is pretty crazy. Was it good or just interesting (or was it even that)?
Please Join Us: Newark Master Plan Meeting Central Business District & University Heights YMCA 600 Broad Street Newark, NJ May 24th at 6pm
FREE fun and McDonald's #HoppyMeal this Saturday for #EasterBunny arrival!
Why did the AC compressor sweat? Because it had to run all day.
EPTI BOOM!!! Going BIG!!!
OMG...CONGRATS TO BEYONCE AND JAY Z! :-) THEYRE PG.
GOOD JOB CATS
Bruno loves coke more than winehouse ever did, fitting tribute
Hey Adam... never got a chance to say Congrats! on your BOT win. Get busy & get rid of those other fuddy-duddys..LOL
good times!
Women - Be the boss! (but of what) B 70% of women owned businesses make $50000 or less in gross revenues (via #wimlink)
A nun is a creature of habit.
Wold, this will be a wonderful Spring week waiting for us all! Thrilled already :)
#JFK #Airport workers get busted once again for stealing passengers shit lol
tell me I need edu xD
no Kim you are #losing!
WTF? thought it was gonna be 74 and partly sunny today, I'm freezing
Talking flipped classrooms and collaborative learning
I dont use chemicals in my hair not until a drug test is done proving Im being drugged raped and attacked..not my hair <Belinda Jackson>
No Problem! We just hope u choose one of our SW ATL families! Even though we have a good handle on our kids : )
Is Countdown still on the air, ha ha ha!
Yess they have the June 8 and 9 in Kansas of june 16-18 in San Francisco :)
Hey folks! Stop by Red Kiva this Wednesday, for The Marquis Hill Black-tet featuring Sarah Marie Young. Its going to be a great show!
come live in my heart and pay no rent. <3
I can count on you?
no its a lie Jimmy!! I got hacked!!
beautiful! I need to visit you guys out there!
Just gettin.outta work
I like the feeling when you reunite after not seeing your loved one for awhile - Absence makes the heart grow fonder
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
#MeFact : is lik a sis to me n is my INSPIRATION.
Damn I caught u! ;P u am weird thoooo :P
Same here! CostCo is cheaper by about .10c I believe. That's where we both filled up our cars.
She too Hot to Handle, hot sex burnin Candles
Personal observation from #CPO2011 - A battle is looming b/w HR and Procurement w/ regard to talent management of contingent labor.
Do you have to pay extra to go to the meet and greet?(:
nice. What's on tap at the event. I'll take some Rayon Vert. Yessir.
Nate. When you start a sentence, please capitalize.
It wouldn't be the Super Bowl without some drama. Not Tiquan Underwood, but Boston radio guys getting into it for 2nd time this decade.
If you could just be born without toenails, then everything would be a heck of a lot easier.
I KNEW i hear footsteps! RT : Followed here! Hi everybody!
For the program to work, everyone needs to understand that social media is measured differently
follow back?
Hey there! We'd love to send you samples just DM me your address #BeanitosRock!
I hate cartel
RT : Watching the Interrupters...powerful documentary about gang violence
Ohh what part ?
And he ran, he ran so far away . . .
I'd Like To Welcome All Detroit Lions Fans Back To Reality....
You are not alone!
Trig teacher never showed for final what does this mean
Why does my urine smell like salami? Not sure if I'm grossed out or headed to subway for for a spicy Italian.
the laws are designed to be not for the people, but rather for the staus quo. changing only strengthens the unfair views.
thanks for the follow. Catch us Fri Jan 27th at the Crofoot in Pontiac MI with
Yes yes yes, Lauryn where are you? RT : Lauryn Hill come back please.
i like your icon :D. I'm glad you like the picture :)
teen actors lab finally joined twitter!
Thanks for the RT!
Iran is encircling Israel with Hezbollah, Hamas, Syria and now possibly what's happening in Egypt. #McFarland to
You forgot Jerry! :-)
Forgot my pen. Whole day thrown off...
Great food again last night. New favorite sammy: Drunken Chicken.
I'll be there today with my son (Victory Suite! )
Shoutout to the people that take a big ass table to eat a small apettizer by thierselves
Love G. Beck-but what I know and trust and depend on is not shifting.
is just for color
THIS! 100x THIS!
Trrw am on, we can make it work. I can swing by the press rm in the am, if you'll be there & we get put something on the calendar
All 3 U.S. indexes end week with gains on strong corporate results. #Dow adds 1.5%. #Nasdaq rises 2.3%, #SP500 up 1.8%.
Beats on Infamous are insane
maybe it was caught in the spam filter. i've confirmed your project and featured it anyway.
Reggie Miller's big brother interviewing Pacers will never not creep me out.
We cant just stop austin from moving. This is what he loves to do he wants to live his dream just like justin did. Lets be happy for him.
so where are you from? :)
lets do it!! As of 2:10 on may 2nd we have launched it! Lol
My pleasure--good luck!
I opted for Cuban. They deliver. :-)
The Bodemeister's frat brothers have got to be bumming, dude.
Out Off Twitter 2Day Love All The Troops #SaluteTheTroopsBitch Love Ya Bro.G.F.B. Damage Mode.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
Best vegetable? Breets.
Where are you taking your mother for mothers day? Well it's all about atmosphere , food , togetherness and service....Taking reservations!
Y'all ever have some1 consistently lie 2 u then when u call em out on it they try to act you did something wrong? Man gtfo of here with that
My debut on the show will have to wait.. a little scheduling snafu on our part. Darn! Now the anticipation will just build!
I'll fact check that for you. You just might be on to something.
We're open! Join us today and see what all the rain did to help our gardens!
Guy at the store just told his daughter not to talk to me because i look like a mean boy.... I didnt think i was that ugly
Namco Bandai Takes Top Spot In March Thanks To One Piece In regards to software market share value for March, a surprising publisher took
Lmao omg! RT : Oh my other yaya? Yaya Curly?! She had a CS this morning to a bouncing baby bear! :D
Full of #gratitude that you are following. Looking forward to your tweets about using #positive #energy for
Seattle #protip: don't be THAT guy/girl who drives thru Pike Market.
Oh. Awesome. A gift card. It's like money, but I can only spend it where you thought I'd like to.
so whats up with everyone?
About to play Mw3:)!!"
come on, it's not like it's a webOS event, that would be something to get worked up about...
lol!!!! Freaking awesome!!!
Catching up on The Voice on dvr... Christina Aguilera has to be the most self centered, arrogant, insecure person in the world! So annoying
It was great to speak with Andrew as well! Thanks for taking the time and I look forward to seeing Igloo at #jboye12 :)
what's good tonight in #vegas?
I was going to say. I didnt think it was you at all. people now days :p
What? No shoehorn?
I really hope you don't :/
Back to work after #ARMA11 ready to put some of my learning in place. It was really a great conference for me this year.
im concert deprived! I NEED to see #JakeOwen this summer or ill cry
I always drink 2 beers before I rehearse. Cuz you know I'm gonna be buzzing at the show
lmfao we ain't animals just the life of a female before menopause lol if you don't wanna deal with it go after cougars lol
I love God but I really don't like being forced to go to church <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
sorry to be so short but me and my wife separated,I needed a warm body to lay by so I got a good hunting dog he's independent.
#TheBestThingAboutThanksgiving Time with family and friends! Hope everyone has a happy Thanksgiving weekend from all of us at LiLLiES #DC !!
i'm good Still at work, I'll be home shortly lol. Nice to meet ya bro!!
Mattie I was hooked! I love #thewire. I bought every season!
liked my iPod and apps and shit better before it randomly updated itself -____-
Beach muscled internet douchebags are always quiet until they're finally right about something.
you're a rockstar!!
and if it is ? Lol
"You can't lead where you don't go; you can't teach what you don't know."
Can't wait until mu best friend gets his big break in being the biggest singer in the world!!!<3
In observance of the Sukkot Holiday the #Museum will be closed Thursday, October 13 and Friday, October 14.
: #1 mobile best practice: have a transaction on the mobile site and make the experience optimal for the user
how am I awake this early :/
I know that moment well
Surround yourself with progress!
Balling with
Its hard to find sweet amazing people like
hahah yeah they definitely butchered it!
If artest get shot in OKC it will go unreported
N.W.C
MILWAUKEE MIL-TOWN
I feel like I gained 20 pounds
I have a diff sound u should get at me
Do not let your hearts be troubled, trust in God. -John 14:1
u should change ur name 2 agent hero. no dibs, but I'm winning the DG space shoes! Last, can I have a cvs bag over walgreens?
The U.S. places in bottom 10 countries of the developed world when it comes to # of children enrolled in preschool.
Does anyone have Time-Warner wideband? Worth it? Their customer service makes me frightened.
Juwan Howard has made SERIOUS $$$ in the league!!!
Too bad the dictionary disagrees with you.
The #SMILEcon appreciates the Aloft Hotel in Dallas. Home of the and artistically fantastic.
Hey Lori, I sent you a message on FB. Did you receive? Thanks.
haha well how long has it been like that? (ya know, bitchy)
Dang Louisville could be really good next year.
hmm...I'll check it out. Just on the strength of your recommendation cuz
yes please :)
Accordng to Nancy Pearl winning word for fear of not having enough to read=lackolibrophobia
your welcome! Glad to help :)
A big THANK YOU! to our 4 new sponsors: , , Full Voice and 's The Sex Positive Doc Film Series
do you play xboxlive bro? if so could you play with me? haha
The lost finale did everything I wanted it to, and then like 8 other things.
I'm a large
Nice to be in such great company! I miss you Josh! Hope you & Yang are well! Big Hug! Jeris
Goodmorning, how are you this morning?
Travelling always reminds me how temporary things are. Up and on to the next steps!
Follow the rainbow to !
not sucking! RT : It's totally unfair that people call the Giants one-hit wonders. They get at least two or three hits a game.
Good morning! Stopping by to say hello and to wish you a great week. Take care.
#6wordstories kim got married and then divorced
Im gonna be on google maps!!!!
Where you at???
Fuck me like you hate me ;*
I would like to thank for that last pic
RT : Glad to be here! #HDSHoliday <Happy Holidays and thx for your ambassador-ship in 2011! Best to you and yours for a gr8 2012
Lee Wu Jew reflux server bleed to death.
Wow, that's a new one on me. If you try it, let me know
When I die, I'm going to watch One Direction & Justin shower.
This is a crazy baseball game! Arkansas 1B played the fool when Matthews called safe. I would have ejected him but I'll just laugh.
Bag O'Donuts signed my 1993 Packers team pic you gave me courtesy of America's Pack
Members of 1 direction may or may not have an STD..from a Koala Bear
Will probably be seeing everyone from the bonfire at the car wash some time today!
SHIT MY ASS JUST TIRED ..LMAOOO
I would be in heaven!
I try.
42 yrs after crime, man turns self in= GUILT is such a powerful feeling!
Unusually cold weather in San Diego? My crew is in heaven building, installing and planting the 5,000 sq ft green roof on sharp Hospital!
Glad to have a visit from Pam Yuen!
one bald guy looked at me for a fraction of a second...
#Sommeliers RT : absolutely! we are where it's at!!! Listen to us and you will be fine
That's Y.U. Mad
Aw! Thank you so much!
I love how they play that David Beckham commercial about 20 times a day, its so beautiful..
Are you a risk taker?
Love the feeling going to bed knowing that a) some people really do love you b) I get to sleep in! No work til 12!
Im not taking my phone off the charger for nothin! lol
Life would be soo much better if teachers like Mr. Mooney and Ms. Mcdonough didn't give 225 pounds of hw every night
traffic thru tacoma sucks ass. thats not a mystery. why that jackass next to use turned his lights off is beyond me. moron.
My heart is on fire, knowing I'm gonna lose the best thing that has walked into my life.
Headed to #MERGE12 final session. God is on His throne. Excited about what He could do tonight.
Kelli.Just listnd to Letter to Daddy... OMG! I Wonder made me cry 1st time I hrd it too but but DAMN! ACM's need to honor u!
that's sweetie but it's true like I said you two are a inspiration for what #reallove is :)
Thanks for tweeting my article.
There are two questions in life that will forever go unanswered- Who let the dogs out? And more importantly, what happened to Shaggy?
can I get double points for the trauma of not being sure if it's night barking or my neighbors having sex?
hm btwn yr last place and this theft, sounds unsafe over there. Sorry.
New Year's Eve is Thursday. Do you have your plans locked down yet?
word. "the illaroo" will be in the house on sunday.
Austin is really crazy during #SXSW. The Bellmen will be playing several times for free. come see!
come on get on it! cc:
I picked the wrong week to quit smoking
Interview with Blades fan: "What do you think of the game?" "Crap" "Can you still win it?" "Doubt it" "Downbeat then?" I miss Sheffield.
icon credit -
When can tweet but not reply to me.. Cool..
im tryna work man, well if your down.. i like your style and i think we could do some dope shit
If you haven't seen my best bud Matt play his guitar it's about time you get on it!
boss is GONE...live at 17 is on...now just need & her hunky hubby to get here
So excited!!! (And made it in plenty of time post pyle ctr)
Holy heart attack! Now we got home field advantage!
we're on it.. I talked w/ my staff about it earlier this week. I think the bike lanes will be fixed as well
what led to the change in graphical styles to a more cell shaded style?
Best kind of houseguest is the one who says: mind if I cook for you?
If only I could have shared that experience with you!
Casey. Enough Said
I don't think I've ever enjoyed Twitter as much as following your livetweeting of
Tired but wide awake
Whats your opinion on the recent court ruling regarding all #pitbuls as dangerous?
RT : When and I were appointed to #SAFE last year, it didn't take long to realize something wasn't right.
Thanks for the follow, nice to meet you!
Fuck you glee
ughh i bit my tough and now i have this bump on it and it hurts !
Early Warning System is coded by #EWU comp sci students & grads. Provides dashboard for teachers.
I already have at least 10 bug bites and it's only April. This is so not good.
thanks for that burrito recommendation! Great meeting you cats
Links We Love: The Entire Marc Jacobs Collection is Stolen & Fights Break Out for Versace 's H &M Debut Guess love of Donatella Versace i
A shower sounds so good right now but I cant get out of bed
Nope... (sad face)
Earlier link tweet, translated: This blog post is to an obscure Newsradio episode as a great Simpsons ep is to the same Newsradio ep
@ I can't go in and change my settings on the app. It tells me I owe $65 and some change.
i need to go back to his twitter and read up. got so much on my mind forgot about it. he's going 2 add 3 fans on his site.
So I want you to follow me... So bad..
haha, it's not stalking if it's consented to.
I-10 closed in NM; snow, ice hamper travel in Cochise Co. - KOLD-TV I-10 closed in NM; snow, ice hamper travel in Cochise Co. KOLD-TV AP
I have suggestions but I'm holding out until you meet with me re: English phd commons
Samurai movies are the westerns of Japan. Maybe we should call them easterns.
Read this today " the reason people give up so quickly is because they tend to look how far they have to go & not how far they have come
move forward relax yourself and your past
I really need to go to sleep
are we going for the Judge Smails at the yacht club look? Ascot will get laughs for sure.
please take note of the tending topic right now. " Harry is hot"
"If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it."
Power of the internet :P
Do me a favor & send good vibes to my Momma today. She's having a rough week.
you just face a L but then ask to hit my smoke???
Reviewing the Chicago Bears&#39; 2012 NFL Draft
6-0 run by NY since Lebron dunked on them
Chillin in the press box with Geoff and Chris
great idea. I'd be more than happy to be involved in such an effort. Should we organize an informal happy hour?
Love that one too! Currently loaned out-I miss it!
yep. N64. I used to listen to a bunch of Goldfinger songs just because of Superman.
When you are spending too much time making up your mind,review what you most want to accomplish before you begin comparing alternatives
Hey! Yeah, everything is alright. Just a little bump in the day. Thanks for checking on me though. :)
My stuppid twitter is still being hacked but at least im not the only one
what is it?
You can't teach passion -- SK+G
Great epi last night! What great acting! Will Kim not be in some episodes? Since her character is going to a parents house.
what the fuck?
okay text when y'all make it 2 Africa 2morrow
Heading through the market, by the gum wall, and to Contour and Fado at 800 1st
RKG - some channels can drive orders w/out assists eg email and paid search; others need more : SEO, affiliates, etc.
I never owned UGG boots. Those are for sweatpant-lovin-lazy-girls... I'll pass.
RT : # Cancer make up the greater part of caring folks on this earth...which can sometimes be a FLAW
Fancy is nice, but simple can be nice too.
<U+262A>nice to just have some quiet time...heavy sigh.
Listening to my old music, there was a creativity in my novice that i'm lacking in my new found experienced level. Gotta get back to basics.
Workout What!!!
Too early to play keep away ... But Calipari does this often : / RT : This is where UK tries to kill clock and Baylor comes back
Awesome tat :)
Buffalo wild wings with Things r looking up!
come on now… he's trying hard to look cool and pretend he is doing things with the music. It takes years of practice to play a Mac.
So deep in lust...
its gone pay off doe i know it
You can practically hear his voice!
snowing up here in Michigan. Can't wait for
all day everyday
Hope you're coming back to Raleigh,NC next tour.missed you last year.keep rockin'!!
#FoodThatMakesYouShart collard greens
hahha okay! Why can't you?
Thanks Gary!
with my follow, is up to 11. Crushing you. Yes, Beckett is awesome. His parents are tired.
Thats ok, we don't mind hearing from ya Multiple times..Go Gators!!:)
First time making soup from scratch tonight. Let's see how this goes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Turn To You <3
Thanks for your vision. With politics wishing to cut art programs, I believe this program does more then most really understand.
Where you at
Thought the newscaster said "Hesitant Obama."
Santa Fe has the cleanest air in US - Am Lung Assn. For those less fortunate - see your NM Pella Fella for new windows! Jeff 505-918-6339
Driving & tweeting ..
Oh. my. God. I cared so little, I almost passed out!
hard work soon pays off
students Lev and Tristan take second and third prize at Sphinx Competition! So proud of them and to be part of project step
happy birthday
Love is nothing without action. Trust is nothing without proof. Regret is nothing without change.
LEAVE ME ALONE. Just because i am one day younger than you doesn't mean i am any less of a person.
Senate is done for the day, will be back in tomorrow at 12:01 p.m. Assembly is just getting started.
where @? Maybe we should hit <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00BB>on sat?? Jus for the day
Love the sun as I go work out with this morning even though this weekend's time change will send us back into morning darkness.
These kids are given me a serious headache smh.....
The documentary was amazing <3 Good job !
: Electrified autos make the auto and electricity problems easier to solve together than separately
Nothing better than starting the New Year off watching my alma mater win!!
Never thought I'd say this: I'm seeing back-to-back Antonio Banderas movies. First was The Skin I Live In, this Friday is Puss in Boots.
Very cool. Instagram that awesome shirt. The world must be shown.
Follow this amazing quote account <U+2665> she has great tweets but hardly no followers :( please follow her?
"All the problems of the world could be settled easily if men were only willing to think." -- Thomas J. Watson, Former President of IBM
Shout out to my girl Devon Tuck! haha thanks for reminding me that I actually have a twitter account!
Follow back me Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating ;P
I've got couture
"Titty Sprinkles" and "Sweater Puppies" are the best phrases ever created by mankind!
“: I wanna head south but I already know work goanna get hetic, where do you think I should go?”where u from
SMELLS LIKE TEEN SPIRIT.
Big Orange today
Great time sitting in at Jazz Central Studios in Minneapolis. Awesome place, highly recommended!
Report: FBI Wants to Wiretap Facebook, Twitter, Google - PC Magazine
Remember we congratulate the FIRST to guess the correct answer. Numbers #35 #86 #98 #108 #112 #118 & #121 are still up for grabs :)
The Blues have tamed Barca on their own pitch. A red card, a missed penalty and four goals. What more could you want? Chelsea in the final.
BowWow want a 100 thou 4 booking I hope he dance like the old days round my way his azz acting like he can't dance lol gotta luv him tho
One of these days I'll just stop trying #you'llbesorry
Pre-ordered Melissa Hartwig of 's book: "It Starts with Food: Discover the Whole30 and Change Your Life in Unexpected Ways"
#SDSMS isn't trending & #WhitePeopleYouTubeSearches is? Have I been using the wrong hashtag? Help a social media e<U+0336>x<U+0336>p<U+0336>e<U+0336>r<U+0336>t<U+0336> user out.
do you want me to be you for halloween or you pick for me
Registered on Disney.com YESTERDAY to get info for Dec. trip and THE NEXT DAY got Disney credit card application. Now that's fast marketing!
Mfs Just unreliable lol once again
The editors of Guinness World Records once again named itself the Most Guinness-y Book!
is having trouble changing his pic on twitter. Someone help please.
ill miss ya on the grid RT On that note, Self Control is back on for another 23 hours.
You smile , I smile :)
Gasol laying some free throws down
WHAT IS UP JUDAH!! SUPER!
Watching The Spongebob Movie and eating some candy :D!
I can't wait. This is going to be absolutely nuts.
See, that's what I'm saying, if not Bron who? Really. ?
As much smack as he talks it's cool that actually talks to people. More writers need to do that.
Getting the kids tucked in for the night and then time for VA training call
5 cadaver dogs hit 2009 Lindsay Wells case Simi Pd there. But did not dig need help for family to do dig
Thanks to everyone who joined us for our Thanksgiving buffet this year! It was a great success and can't wait for next year!
Charleston, SC is my getaway!
dude. I saw you skateboarding on the streets of Memphis, with a cig behind your ear. You've got yourself a twin out there!
Apple prepares upcoming Java updates for OS X - CNET
And that was that.
#GrouposMiddleName I say "Cornelius" is the fitting name. No need to look any further.
#wordoftheday You carp, I fidget. -Thanks Larry!
OMG!! That new freak on FB is up early, too. LOL
They're playing an song before the show! This makes me extremely happy! :)
We want to send our best wishes to the after today's events
something about that tilt of the head...
Sorry, I sure don't. But I am an avid customer.
low light ability , direct sun also . Crazy camera ,
Just bought Our Lady Peace's new album Burn, Burn. Not their best stuff, but I'll probably like it much more after several listens.
I love my friends & family.
“: i miss you, and we should hang asap!! :)” ruby!! Yay! Yes I will text you to see what's up this weekend :))
Ads with videos in my feed? So not cool, Twitter.
A few hours away! RT : Moët Hennessy’s #Ardbeg custom Orange County Choppers motorcycle auction at
nothing much in the house cooking..
Start of Independent Small Schools Athletic Conference boys championship game. Washington Waldorf leads Capital City 11 - 4 in Alexandria.
Same for me. Haven't been to a game in person at all this season. Tickets, even nose-bleed ones, are so expensive.
I have friends like that.
I feel both informed & entertained! Also, I now want to watch Dirty Dancing for the 1st time in a decade.
Want to check out the latest copy of Saveur, Bon Appetit, or Modern Baking? Take a look at the Current Periodicals section at the library!
yep for sprint. The cali travel is mostly for promo work. Do you travel at all?
"Brothers on the Jock"..
#BecauseOfNicki middle school kids are already having sex
"Somebody left the cork out of my lunch." -W.C. Fields
Best of luck to this weekend! I'll be watching for sure on Saturday !!
Sitting in on History of Children's Literature with Debra Mitts-Smith
I'm a Twitter bitch
I'm mad I know her whole interview by g Heart
Good Morning from Ohio Valley Educational Cooperative in KY, Twitter is a powerful networking tool that I am just learning.
Charlie Chiaplin: "Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot.”
You guys, we live in the US.
my only hope for order is naming chapters on the top of the doc and inserting relevant quotes for each
Putting the "ass" in "First Class." PHL - LAX.
RT Anyone know any deal to be had in Hawaii (Honolulu and Kauai) for hotels and great "locals" places to eat?
Gah! I thought I had my Starbucks card in another purse but it turns out some wanker stole & drained it May 1st & 2nd.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
As Francois Shakespeare once said, "Être or not Être, that ees Le Question"
This is some good stuff! Thanks for sharing.
Finally heading home. A detour that was totally not worth my time.
love what you're up to. Thx for following me in my fiction life. This is my teaching life. Cynthia
great news!
orignlly brewed by the Carlsberg Co. Denmark. I believe for North American market only. Intro'd 1994. 5.6% alc. Hi for back then
Great game, & the halftime show was the best I've seen in years. Once again, I didn't make it into any of the commercials...but someday...
maidservants of Boaz, and gleaned until the barley harvest and the wheat harvest were finished.Then she stayed at home with her #Torah 54/99
What's the move tonight??
Bulls game then bed. #Offline <3
So REFUSED are doing a world tour, and AT THE DRIVE IN are playing Lollapalooza? Welcome back, 1998. I missed you.
Shut up ^_^
Unfollowed me !!!FOLLOW ME now!!!!
so my best friend is getting married in September and I'm the Best Woman. SPEECH WRITING TIME.
Officially done with Tuesday classes. Three more days until semester 2 comes to a close.
New rage keeps Somali boys off street: video games - Austin American-Statesman
Time for #hoops... Or more aptly - Gasping for air and hard fouling
Flying Miami-NYC crossed finish line @ South Beach Triathlon with :) Set goals/work hard & u can do it! Swim-Bike-Run-Shoot-Edit-Publish
Take me I'm yours
your arms too short to box...but Thank God your legs are long enough to stump "The Hell out of the devil"
soon as I get back from church on goes the gator!
I need to just shut it down for the night...
falling off my workout habits..somebody..anybody..make me do a crunch..a jumping jack, leg lift or something...I need a drill sargeant..lol
child-sized harry potter robes worn by daniel radcliffe at ! filed under: shouldn't that be at a british history museum?
Payton come to Miami to throw to Reggie Wayne just like the good old days!
hate sleeping alone.
i am not sure how to add an event but Mathew Haeffel is playing up and under on 1-28. Show starts at 10!
Still trying to get back in "real-life" mode but not home yet. How are you?
were u at
I have a huge bulge in the back... I like to tuck it...
I adore his Amazing Smile <U+E057><U+E414><U+E022>
Well put
Interview at New Dimension on Saturday.
Man just realized we are leaving tomorrow night for SMTown, I'm not ready but I'm looking foward to the break
you'd be a reporting GOD if you were to ask Vikes brass about this before anybody else.
I agree, #ExtremeRules will be on my screen. :-) is really kickin' it.
Makeup Training in Michigan! Train with the BEST! We are the 1st Makeup Training Studio in Michigan! (248) 477-5548
When someone lies to you even when you know the truth
Ring Rings were better when they were individually wrapped in foil. Devil Dogs= dry.
“: Our editorial team is hard at work putting the finishing touches on our inaugural QUARTERLY magazine."
I thought it was sweet of to take one of his fans to prom. You don't really ever get that from celebrities.
Yikes. And I thought I was the libchat meanie. Dear lord.
i am following you
Off to work!
Try The Boxer by Simon and Garfunkel and The Goonies are Good Enough by Cyndi Lauper.
To smoke crack like a gentleman.
hope you guys figure out what is going on, had something special for a few weeks
Me too, I wouldint let austin go...
planning to build a simple CNC router for our Printmaking dept. Any advice or similar projects?
Hey Girl Hey! video premiere party in NYC this Friday with Roxy Cottontail and Claw Money! RSVP to
Word to your mutha.
Caller ID would be closer to perfect if, five minutes after I intentionally don't pick up, it forced the caller's phone to ring.
excited for our dinner party next weekend :)
I cant stop staring at Arg's teeth..
I love my spastic kitty :)
- Did you catch "Snoot" the Grinch Gingrich telling the 99% to go get a bath and a job. We all know who is really dirty.
Better be puttin in some buy orders for Nestlé y'all.
that music from #korranation is brought to you by
comps reading update, affective state: my patience with Adorno continues to dwindle
yes and Cabernet Sauvignon + Chardonnay + ... Check out our Grateful Dead Red Wine blend. Cheers!
If you want to have an offline discussion, I would TOTALLY be down. The white board alone is priceless!
I'll be a millionaire . Don't worry bout me
Elijah James Whittaker. i love that boy. if only...if only...
Just another one...
Did the Avengers have some good one-liners? Yes. But they were against a bombastic backdrop that was just noise to me. :(
most likely both! It's a matter of practice, as with all things we learn.
#HowImGrand being lazy and weird.
Vagina RT this and I'll tweet you (:
Looking forward to seeing the Black Keys tonight. It'll be an amazing show. I know there'll be a lot of fellow Akronites in the building.
Anyone remember "temple run"??
Gearing up for our weekly Wednesday Clingy Adventure. Take a guess on where Clingy's going this week!
I enjoyed it when I was there last year. It rocked literally AND figuratively... ;-) Definitely will go back!
I've got my phone back! Reunited and it feels so good!
STILL SCREAMING LIL BOOSIE BOO COMING HOME I-10 SWERVE LEFT SWERVE RIGHT
Good morning!!!!!!
yes there is! It's an annual thing. Santacon, I think it's called
Still the Countdown continues...Get ready! Live Life All In!!! 2011
Add me on Youtube:D
“: 2 robbery suspects believed to be armed are barricaded inside Manhattan Beach Pier 1 Imports store; SWAT team en route”
Check out Glue's and the Boogie Munsters ( , ) tonight
Happy Holidays to you and hoping 2012 is a year filled with much joy and financial prosperity for you!
Thanks, will check out later
who wants to stay the night tonight & drive to Solon at 3am with me?
I scored some boots and a #freepeople sweater! I'll be sure to wear it 5 days in a row to work. baha
he cuffed yo shit i tried to cuff so i could have em but he took em
yep that's what the told me! It's ridiculous!
what about sex?
I wanna see Hickson & LMA on the court together.
I've seen Marley and Me about 5 times now and I cry every time!
<<<<<< WHo grinds more then dis young lady rite here????? #DUDLETBOYZ #SALUTE aye they got talent ova dere
Wearing my House of Low Culture shirt and started a metal conversation with my server \m/
my phone is off lil head
Who am I? 24601!
I already did thank you so much for the compliments!
okay:D
Wish You a Very Happy Birthday Fardeen Bhai! May GOD BLESS You with All the Success and Happiness! GOD BLESS! :)
One of the few times Sacha Baron Cohen does interview as himself & Ann Curry shits all over it.
Don't photoshop the beer out of their hands, it just looks like they're pretending to jack off.
According to the clock, it's evening, but you know how jet lag goes; as far as I'm concerned, it's morning.
oh I know, makes you re-evaluate many things ha
She wants you to give her attention on a daily basis and not only when you need or want something from her.
I like! Keep an eye on that site. You can signup for a city near you and get event deals too.
When its cold outside. Hold me. Don't hold me.
Shout out to follower #799 ! Enjoy your Sunday.
": When 'short' jeans are too long <<<<<<< #shortgirlproblems" story of my life.
Chicago graphdb meetup will be on Jan 26, details will be posted soon
- looking for some restaurant recommendations for
that is a long ass trip, its got to jack ur bodies system for awhile. Welcome back to PDX!!!!!
Wednesday means it's a Beaches Cruise-In evening. Don't miss it... This one is the second to last for 2011. Gates open at 4:00.
exit strategy... make the next left on fuck off ave
Same here. It acknowledges & exploits the strengths of a digital platform.
the end will blow your mind.
nice job on Outside the Lines today
i love randomly running into people like make my days so great.
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas! Haha
Amen, sister! Time only w toddler ibid RT : couple of hours with friends and I'm a new person. Note to self: solitude is bad for you.
100% OF THE PROFIT, 100% OF THE TIME!! We can manage your customers, Produce your billing and supply the services, giving you 100% profit!
I'd be HONORED to be your Godmother!!! :D. And I call dibs on being the Godmother of your first daughter! ;)
Pleased to meet you.
feel you
Remembering which shortened URLs I won't click takes up the part of my brain that used to retain the number of minutes to hard boil an egg.
I liked white house black label but far more dressy items online. Found that Aldo had great shoes though. On sale!
that was so cute!:) That made me smile!
Thanks for today! <33
I'm gonna charge it to great make-up chit-chat...
Wat you bout to get dawg
THANK you!! Oddly enough, "polysyllabificationism" ALSO turns out to be an anagram of my given name! Very cool to know. ; )
interesting. Personality change would suggest possible frontal lobe degeneration sure. The inability to make decisions...
I love my job. Legends of the Pool. #ffswim by
I love desert sunsets. A hawk & moon out at the last light - - you, me, the coyote's shadow laughing at us,& the bones they left behind.
Saved by the beer garden.
Does that little UFO work on Blippy users the way a laser pointer works on cats?
At the beach with the kids. Have the whole thing to ourselves except for a mom and her little boy name Daschle. Who names their kid that?
Those are pretty damn sweet. Very Jealous!
I have a recruiter looking for an account manager to call on Cablevision in NY. Shoot me an email if your interested. Just friends no other…
Not a great day on track. We'll do better tomorrow though!
What a GOAL for Spain!!!
#train2brk Layover facility in Brk controvrsy nothing to do with Dwnester/everything 2do w/need for genuine public engagemnt from the start
Nice. Await pix. RT : #SecClinton just inaugurated our new Ambassador's Residence along w/our Ambassador Kupiecki.
Haha, don't get too attached, the name may change! But there are tabs for featured AK, Distro, and sale titles too!
I like your earlobes.
Jealous! Have a great trip!
<--- He the reason why yo girl out every night,tellin you her phone bout to die,when you tryna get n touch with her. lol *Shrugs
no freakin way:)
RT : Wow! Best commercial ever! Way to go chipotle and Willie. Support your local grower
Im going to bed yall have a great nite
. and I had words last night re: Lana Del Ray. We've agreed to disagree, Ron Burgundy-style.
Your Very Welcome (:
Hey Arizona! :)
DJ All Nite tonight!
": I'm sorry, what language are you speaking? It sounds like bullshit."
is doing some great live tweeting from the NAACP Image awards. Check out his timeline.
I envy those of you who went to sleep last night. I just do not envy your tax bracket. :) #Gettin Mine.
i just ate all the red skittles first.. i dont even want the rest now
me to. ugh. ok. i think i'm going to buy the refurb online...don't tell
…It almost would rip your skin off.
Monster's Ball disgust me... it's about a struggling abandoned black &, abusive mom, who's overweight kid get's hit by a car and dies.
Nice! That reminds me -- the gym beckons!
I agree..in the words of De La Soul "...Yeah I said it..." ala Rock Co. Kane Flow
you have 4 jobs! stop with the resume! the baby animals need you!
It annoys me when i see 99% of battery.
I have RX glasses was already centrally blind in left eye had histoplasmosis when I was 22
Scratch that, #friedBananaBananza good god.
Your covers are so fun to listen to! Happy late birthday by the way... ^.^
love pastry is for shoes pastry acc is for accessories don't have time to be a poser
And I want you to realize that I love you more then you will ever be able to see.
nope, just Ikea. Just playing around with twitter, not impressed that much.
whose still up??
Priceline Profiting From the Procrastinator: CEO
Fuels your mental and spiritual being to effectively fuel your physical
is that Ryan Tedder from OneRepublic on the track?!
look. you have people who care about you and would be very upset if you died! DON'T DO IT!!!!!!
ok i gotcha...whats The price range we talkin?
Sometimes I wanna be your lover. Sometime I wanna be your friend.
lol it's your fault
Acc. to his dad, ex-Tulsa G Jordan Clarkson will appear on future ep. of OTL to talk transfer restrictions. (h/t ) ...
FRIDAY BITCHES!! Lol RT : G'morning WTF day is it?
Happy Labor Day to all our twitter fans and friends! Enjoy and be safe as always! :-)
Also David Stubbs in Jackson Hole and Ami Vitali is sometimes in Montana.
No! Well well. Well well well well well. I like it!
You're welcome!
Donut bee sofa king foolish hit!
Q1 She acknowledges that some people simply aren't suited to some tasks and doesn't hold that against them.
of course! Would be a treat to see the space updated - fond memories there.
Every time my dad helps me move, he tells me, "You're hiring movers next time!" This is the seventh time.
Once again thanks to all who have shown me great support with my new tune 'Our Heroes' it is now number one for the past 3 weeks.
trying to hit the lake
Today in 1987, Sammy Hagar hits #23 with "Give to Live".
RT : Whole Foods $WFMI stock price jumps 20% this morning after positive earnings release
Ill be gettin at a few new producers this evening
Does anyone know how Google analytics works?!
the map has the correct locations of each gift card so check the map before you go hunting :)
R.I.P. #Ali #tooyoungtodie you will be missed
If you have one of our tokens for a free wash, come on in, we are waiting for you!
barf. maybe you should move to portland.
How are you getting ready for ? What are you most excited about?
lol you're just a sassy bitch on twitter so i try to sass back... and fail. #d'oh
i say bitch everyday....i feel ashamed lol
ur sunset pix make me jealous!
I'm not sure yet.
ok tkm bff
BLESSED BE:-)
I want a new Tattoo
With a Little Help From My Friends
#FG Says:You Should Check Out
Aww!! What will you miss?
omg im talking to robert austin mahone's and alex constancio's friend!!
That's a winner! Go !
why no mor tweets I miss them.
nothing is better than seeing the big picture.
I like that phrase! ": A Severe Nice Day Warning"
Thanks so much to Ms. Holbrook , her class, and for a great event celebrating financial literacy month
Midweek perception check! Remember where you came from, remember how you got where you are now, and remember where your going.
A skunk eating an orange: the scent of incompetence.
If I don't find nothing better today I'm just gone settle with the ones at lakeside
oh nd its
But life is a battle: may we all be enabled to fight it well! ~ Charlotte Bronte
GNR IS ON STAGE
Bike Riding!!!!
It's like I've got a first class seat Up on Ozzy's train It's driving me insane 5150 somebody call the po po I'm going crazy
If you're doing reviews, check out BazaarVoice, Review-Script, and Citricle.
We're having a library book giveaway to coincide with Capitol Day today. We'd love for you to come by and see us.
You're right. I find Jaynes has a lot of good and reasonable thoughts concerning the Beavers.
Win a Pogoplug Business in the LAB!
please follow me Austin. Ur new cover of it will rain was amazing. Well , all your covers are AMAZING ! <3
Family dinner at Cheesecake :)
make sure to try out the pastrami dog. So delicious!
Passed a fat guy running today then when I passed him again he was laying on the ground.
Ok.but why is that fun???? Lol -- Erica Gaines () so i can see pic of u. Lol (:
I'm grown I don't need your help to get up....please and thank you!!!
#gc2012. Recommended reading. Ocho*Ocho. My childhood in war-torn Asia. Anna Bucher Jones. Available from Amazon. Worthy of purchase.
Incredibly weak pick #chiefs pioli thinks he knows everything - will be exposed again
iPad app now available for Scags. Go ahead and check it out, I know you won't be disappointed.
mistletoe is....... AMAZING AH I KNOW ITS GUNNA GET TO #1 NEVER SAY NEVER!
definitely an interesting character!
When I go home I'm eating pizza rolls.
sorry my friend not tonight. U can find us this thurs at the DTartwalk &main or check our etsy online under tinboxboutique
i want drugs and taco bell rn just because im bored
I could do errands.. but who wants to do that!
Suffering a creative and spiritual hang over from last nights showcase it was amazing !
this weather is wack
Now let me get in my truck cause all them bitches'll catch it
Just bought and in the process of downloading your EP A Dance You Won't Forget right now!!!
Remember the bizarre question he asked about the "bad boy" in one of your books?
Self-love, my liege, is not so vile a sin, as self-neglecting. William Shakespeare
Picking out a new pair of running shoes. Super-geekeded!
class blog!! Very interesting and I often question the necessity of learning objectives x
it was a pleasure and I'd love to have you on Raibon Radio. Thanks Patricia, Coach!
seriously though? wtf luckily this dude missed both of his FT's. Now lets actually draw up play and ink this shot
thank you :)
#ShineYourDivine #Denver #Colorado meeting up with the most #enlightened people of our time! #gratitude #angels #love and we
Ugh! Why do you have to be so cccuutteee?!
... Agree! Wats up wit that!? LoL
thanks so much for the follow! Big fan of what you're up to w/ Thrillist!
I totally forgot to tell you!! I bought the tix when you were at work... Get one asap!!
what's up?
Matter fact just have her call when she headed dis way so I can be lookin out.... My phone next to me
left U a surprise on ur station from me and Mikel:)
The weather might by gloomy, but we have something that'll cheer you up! Dark & Stormy: Gosling's black rum, ginger beer. Bring the sun out!
Hey , gf and I had it the other night. Good stuff!
Welcome to the Big Apple!
Two to follow and
Quite adorably, Liam, now 5, told me I could consider a Chihuahua mix if any showed up in rescues b/c he liked Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2.
Ok I know you will see richard soon me I would rather skip tomorrow
the hype is so mellow and my pipe is so yellow...
Going home , finna eat me some cereal :)
Don't be. They're so drunk they won't remember this.
not as good as these funny guys and
Tell me what you want and I'll hook you up
#TheChoice? gtfoh....lol (But I am sure I will watch just because lol)
Almost to 6,000 hits HOLY COW!! Y'all are fabulous :) New Post: 8 Easy Ways to Lose Weight...www.smalltowngirldcworld.blogspot.com
#clevelandbrowns fans is there anything worse than ur team missin playoffs every year? Try watching ur team lose every playoff game
Strauch: "The defendant should be punished for the decisions she made that afternoon when she decided to drink to excess" w/Prozac & Ambien.
tremendous weather killer wknd.
": "I could be happy/ The rest of my life/ With a cinnamon girl...""beautiful quote.............
And here comes the second guessing..
hey are you coming to charleston?
Having an awesome Christmas trip to the west so far, looking forward to catching up with some great friends later tonight.
That's it. If I don't hear back from the peeps who made the magento file uploader plugin in 30min., I am hacking it myself.
Aw my mum "I love Liam. Liam's my baby." Hahaha she's a Directioner! ;)
nope. I disagree
everyone needs a partner.
The US healthcare ranks #1 in cost and #37 in quality care! Smh.....
RT : New EEOC ruling means transgender workers now have greater Civil Rights Act protection than other LGBT workers:...
I can safely say without a doubt when I get married im just goin to vegas. Fuck this planning bullshit.
Don't have one either.. lol
I'm out on Friday
Cataloging choral pieces for church based on scanner recognition of a spreadsheet. My favorite so far is "All God's People Said 'Anngnll'"
After winning the lottery.
Dan Knott, former Chrysler purchasing chief, dies at 51 Dan Knott, who as Chrysler Group purchasing boss restored the automaker's reputat
"Mr. Bayle should not find any difficulty in this as he has done in his Dictionary article, 'Rorarius.'"
not positive yet.. I'll tell my people to call your people.
What a beautiful sunday!!!
I hate when ppl try telling me who I should be friends with and who I shouldn't be friends with
"today's Fresh Air is brought to you by MONSTER ENERGY WOO"
Live Music 2NITE!! 7pm -10pm Tyler Casey & his assortment of instruments will surely have you enjoying more than just your dinner! C U SOON!
Volunteers are lending a hand at Al Sigl Center as part of 's
Leaving grandparents day early to have lunch with my grandparents...
how do we place an order and get prices if there is no phone number !
I have seen the jhana model but did not go to the level of describing specific states with PIT. That may come later.
Great example of development in one domain working in another.
Ok Florida. I see you.
These smoking comercials are sick!! <U+E30E>
Ok #Pacers - finish 'em!
willie mcgee. old cards promo poster. were sent to SI years ago. took from the throwout pile ...
A Bayer Aspirin commercial during this debate? Not a coincidence, right?
So should take me to Whataburger >:)
just got offered a paid internship at World Magazine! Thanks for all the help getting here last semester!
This lady is straight up staring at me from across this room, I've looked her in the eye 3 times but she continues.
any updates on ? any important dates? I saw that we r near the 80% mark on req sigs to save this historic mural
Let's get a 10 from Len for ! Just start voting now
Happy Mothers Day. I Support The Single Moms!
10Things That Annoy Me: •No money •No food •Ratchetness •Waking up early •Being wrong •Being bored •Low battery •Liars •Hoes •YOU
APSDaemon.exe is a bitch. Sucking that CPU hard
In loving memory to my greatest insperation that raised me and planted the seeds of love, success, values, and the spirit of winning. I ...
i think christian bale or daniel day louise would make a great whitney houston.
#cantwait for your #Vegas #BDay weekend !! RT : So basically had the greatest night. is amazing-
Woo! Just commuted to work on my bike. 10 miles, San Jose to Satatoga. I hope to make this a daily thing.
I miss my seed!! Gotta get to S.C. asap!!
hehehh it was funny though ,plus i thought you hated them!
oh she is! so playful/lovable. she jumps on me begging to be petted then runs around me happily &plays w/leaves in her mouth lol
You still make me smile. even if you are the main reason why i’m so sad #TSS haha
Yo who's talking on Pop's Belief? It sounds like Gil Scott Heron. (Such a dope album, by the way.)
Guess the April showers decided to wait until may
Choose your battles. Say YES to as much as you can. Will help them to respect the nonnegotiables!
& as far as statistics, please look up the ones that pertain to Blk folks.....bc I can guarantee tht Blk men r bringing more debt
I changed my names n stuff but I'm still Roc royal girl lol <3
#NowPlaying Sweet and Low by Augustana
lol where you at?
2 yr old just made me wish I was 2 again: I had a dream I was walking down the street and didn't have to hold anyone's hand
follows me please : ) im fans of u :D 9
I hate life right now.
Cross another one off the bucket list: Went diving with the sharks off the north shore of Oahu this morning! Exhilarating!
RT from Iran: Khamenei tells people to oppose protestors, he has chosen his fate.
Checking out ereaders. Librarian-type people out there, do you have any recommendations? I'm currently leaning toward the Nook.
Eating at burger king with some of my friends
Maybe I've been in a cave, but has Belew left Crimson?
someone used to have before me. No one knows what happened to that guy.
: I love you rock stilettos & you love BB! You know I don't a dribble from a dunk:)
I feel like I'm missing out on so many opportunities, but not from a lack of trying. The ball just doesn't bounce the same for everyone.
Lunch time has arrived! And you're lucky, today is our #TuesdaySpecial! 1 Large 1-topping carryout pizza for ONLY $4.99! Promo code - TUE499
ALL u can eat Korean BBQ!
How's the weather in NY?
Way-too-uncommon exchange (that I happily had recently): "Just to be clear: CC-license = copies you don't control." "Yep, got it! 100% OK!"
Losing you ability to count will bring you near my IQ range, and you don't want that.
For. Real.
and im like a junior! i slept in crazy!(:
only if i can play the rainstick.
I really can't live without my phone
It would be such an amazing duo if chose to co-host!
Might be 50/50 >> RT : 10,000 fans who showed @ UW spring game are dedicated football fans or they wanted to win the car.
So now, move on to Master Chef
Let the wind mess up your hair, get your hands dirty, wear what your heart desires 'cause those tomorrows you're waiting for are passing by
Try not to sneeze at work whilst eating oatmeal.
Nice! RT : What you get when you combine the two loves of typography and soccer: the great tees of
Also a thank you for helping the Euroduo with updates.
I'm gonna fucking cry if this doesn't work
Your #aigaDC talk tonight was very entertaining and memorable. I now have a deeper appreciation for typography, thanks to you!
1st day back at the circus. Trouble from ? Nope. Trouble from ? Nope. Trouble from ? Yessir.
Welcome ! Everyone follow the beer brewer with a cause!
Yes, me too. But the internet has a million more possibilities!
My christmas gathering happened on the 23rd, got sick right after, wiped out xmas eve, spent christmas watching Dr. Who re-runs.
Haha I love my moms laugh, it's cute <U+263A>
S/O to #MUSTFOLLOW FO REAL...I know this chick personally! Smoochez and hugs Miss Lady!
i'm just waiting for an important text & i always think its coming but then its you ;p
sad to not be with ya!
I swear bitches love to hate
What the what?!
Conflict is necessary before resolution.
For our generation, will we ever be too old for video games?
dude me too. i have fricken ripson my feet!! HOW DOES THAT HAPPEN?! and im like i dont even know im dying.
Thanks this is urs right
Ha! You're already over three of my top suggestions but I'll keep thinking!!
great haha you?
It was fun dressing up like a panda today XO lol brb.
Lol stop staring.
oh and before I go out gotta mention my love for p.s. just realized I understand the # @ difference take that twitter tutorial
Less than 5 hours until "False Alarms" is on iTunes!
#YouKnowLifeIsGreatWhen... does Book TV from a place in
But the roaming cats would be glad to add a few treats of their own! ;)
hahaha okay (; your welcome.
Awesome performance by Crosby tonight. Go Penguins!
We're here at the Hiney Child Pop Up Shop having a blast!!!! We'll be here til 930
neva mind. I had to change the chanel. Lakers playing like shit at home.
Thanks to your team for an early morning mtg to kick off a project. Also - I got my 1st your of ur space. Awesome.
Dirty Dancing is literally on once a week........and I watch it once a week.....
Westerville Schools levy now passing by 38 votes with 84% of precincts reporting.
shooting dice and drinking scotch!
#441996Mahone you are forever flawless. i love everything about your twitter. you live in san antonio? im jealous
Can McG be a corner OF? (RF, for Hart?) also I worry that we are finally seeing C.Hart put it all together & trade=stupid
scratch that, living social
Am I the only one who has let temple run consume my life right now?
Still up. Writting my verses.. cnt wait till studio tomorrow. S/o to my team and S/o to those who respect my grind.
thanks! So nice of you to say!
Yo necesito mas followers! I will be interesting this weekend!!!
kid is not prepared. so he is using the ask me questions or make this a discussion approach...
The first four demos from my new record have been posted. Check them out!
Im just playing!
are you serious man!?!? I was already planning on it, that place is incredible. Thanks for the heads up!
can't wait to hear.. when the appropriate time comes.
lol tell me about it
We know Harper is a great rookie, but ya all need to stop the way overdone lovefest & cover the game #typical espn bs
Blazing Saddles
"Count your life by smiles, not tears. Count your age by friends, not years"
#STAR #astrology speed of planet also determines its strength: elongation from sun, whether it is direct or retrograde determine this
Tonight.Karaoke.Checkboard.I'm bringing back my inner Britney.Be ready.
Happy Birthday to those folks who only have them every four years!
I'm just one gigantic pile of sick today. And I don't wanna go to school. Fuck.
in 's mouth
the fans could have voted for whoomp! there it is as the 7th inning song and instead went with 's choice. No respect.
As a matter of fact, it was my SAT scores that led me into my present vocation in life, comedy
If mike woodson keeps this up...hire him full time! 12 wins in last 15 games
damn i forgot robo bays take food
yeah, you should come
Prepping for the new MTA site launch at 10pm tonight!
News Another change of course for wild season as Adam Scott, Jason Dufner take Doral lead DORAL, Fla. - And so the show cont
Shaq u didn't win a ring in .4 u lost to the pistons
Yay, I got biggest tweeter!
Wow the concert downtown was suppose to be free it cost me 120.00. Damn could of gotton drunk on that.
first ever tweet....looking forward to playing cornhole tournament tomorrow with peiper at Pooleys, eastside Madison
Yea it is. The issue around here in Munhall is my friends can't ever get enough people.
Life is Great! Happy Easter.
Rt : I CATegorically deny pooping in 's seat, for the record. =^..^=
Enraging statement of the day: "Chrome on Mac is not a supported browser."
I'd love my life if you retweeted me .:)
I wonder what he's thinking when he looks at me and smiles.
When I needed you, you weren't there. Now that I got my weight up you want to be right by my side.
Im not that cool I guess haha
i love tweeting austin pick up lines. lol
Milw County Suburban FD's can talk to Waukesha County FD's without a patch. Just switch to 1 of the many talkgroup choices in thei radios
Avs tie Canucks in final minute, Win in OT 4-3 40 saves from Mr. Anderson
In the process of piecing together a few dreams...
Thinking about it.. if I'm done being sick.. Turns out Sibelius 7 is only a temporary cure
Congrats on the GGA! They should have let you 'speak' on the cast's behalf. You're adorable.
Ikr your good for that !!
WED: Bulls -8.5, Richmond -12 (Red Carpet Play),Wake Forest +8
My weekends start on thursday tho
I thought to my self "man, Josh Gasser disappeared after his hot start". Then I remembered #Rob Wilson went HAM!
I guess if 1/2<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BA>1/2<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0>little<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A7>'s are your thing. That's cool too.
Did you guys get anything cool for President's Day?
hahahaha i remember this. -__- kept callin kenny and aj's name but girls would turn around
Oh, that was slick Sen. Hill.
Warped Tour and a roadtrip to AZ!
congrats MT “: Sanders to release his final budget on Wed. first truly-balanced one in long time”
I'm sure if someone read your twitter and then met me, they would be disappointed on several accounts
Candy corn, peanuts and M&Ms today. You should be finding this stuff in the couch and behind the TV 6 months from now. Go Pack!
Part 1: What do you get out of Social Media? Customer satisfaction, retention, conversion, new ideas, more media coverage.
No problem follow back pls! RT : Thnx for following me!!!
even if it was funny, their PA announcer is the most annoying one in the league.
In Our Schools: April 19 « Perfect Cake Decorating
Mega Millions drawing is at 11:00pm tonight. If you win while sitting at our bar your tab for the night is on us! (We expect a cut after)
Slow & easy is not my style...
Today, in 1877, Edison announces the invention of the phonograph.
and also, everyone is privy to your love for The Titanic soundtrack
Looking forward to seeing your future posts on the topic.
"Convergence" as tech and market phenomenon requires reg changes - goal should be tech neutral and sensitive to market power
The Time Travelers Wife is a beautiful and sad movie.
First day of conditioning, not bad at all. #mountiebaseball now to the #NCAAtournament!!
Just started listening to them and they are real good
Happy Valentine's Day!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 41
getting ready for some storms...... rain love it!
"a boy threw up at school today. I didn't eat it." Melissa at 4yo
Ah' I need this good shit.
i was shocked again at how much they slammed each other
5pm on Sunday and the place is hoppin. Come see wassup!
They did a really awesome series on the anon hacking of HP Gary that they compiled into an ebook. I'm for any long form news.
Psychic Stripper Britanny from the Tally Ho is here! Stump her with your undies and win Further Fest tix! 222-6000
what tournaments are the magic going to this Spring?
#Facts Scott Brooks is no Flip Saunders
"Girls" is acting all crazy.
looks like the dbacks are winning!
damn since. When. Is 16 rebs not playing mike Brown a bum
My shoes feel super comfy today
i love the detailed instructions about how to tag newly added music in itunes radio. for example, the "WTF" tag...
Come check out First Class Mutiny with a new 4th member on keyboards and bass at Money Plays Sat July 9th!!! FREE!!
Has anyone tried p90X and Insanity??
And by checking in at Counter Burgers I definitely meant the Drybar...Opps
: "did you download iTimedistortion, again? What did we talk about last 2034 about this...” laughed so hard I dropped my iPhone.
okay amazing people:-D
coming from a person who blew me off again. Lol... I am just kidding. Safe travels. Yes, LGA is bad.
Twitter buddy. :))
Where's my #DrPeppers at? Need sugar-fix. :)
How would you know if your not looking at me..Lady you tripping!!!
Joridel performing Live @ the 1st Hispanic Festival in Liberty City Miami, Fl on the 11th of December!!!!
you think " ( Thomas a Kempis, from " The Imitation of Christ.") I know he's right, even before my feasible departure.
i think "abby road" is slowy becoming my fave beatles record.
thanks. I have that. But doesn't work inside apps.
i hope someday i can be marky mark in 's steel dragon. you need a drummer guys... guys? stand up and shout.
Don't forget to breathe & eat JJ :)
What #OWS needs to be saying to Wall Street today: "Beware the ideas of March."
Choose your own speed in Key West & the Florida Keys: Drive to The Florida Keys & Key West and experience one of the best scenic road...
Feasture : Feast and or grub in excess amounts Momma can you grab me some Feasture ?
Been watching the Man City game and they only score when I turn away for 15 seconds. This is ridiculous.
The world's 7th billionth person is supposed to be born tomorrow
When the PARK is to dangerous to PLAY, the people of God need to PRAY!
Also, Merriam-Webster Online has added rhymes to its definitions: "catalog, demagogue, leopard frog, mummichog..."
hi hunny I sent u an email I'm gonna get a bottle of the Phenedox just let me know where to send the money xoxo
Need more info on Advertising for a no-brainer fee of 99.00 per year, go to Youtube.com. Search libizcard.com
bum day!
Looking forward to the PAGES event tomorrow at the Columbus Metropolitan Library. Can't wait to read the publication!
can you feel what I feel by looking into my eyes?
Hello and thanks for your RT about dry stone.
Lilly ... this time it is root of individuality
Being a DJ sounds like a pretty cool job.
My whole life has changed, since you came in.
who will be our 800th follower?
RT : My thighs are fat// So Whatcha gon do about it?
Love #himym quotes
would be nice to listen tmrw, but the fanatic always cuts your show off!! What's up with that???
you could always save me from school and we could get married and live happily ever after.
yeah u do. It sounds so dirty. So bassy-y. Face melting in the
and : if I haven't thanked you already, thanks for the follow!
Big thank yous to our premier sponsor, to for the photos, , and for show creative
go to the bar. Take care of Jules and Beth. 2 of my old bartenders.
If my boss had twitter. . . . But he doesnt
on the bus!
Will give it a try but think I tried that and could not get the background, pic was ok. Will let you know thanks luv.
they are just people
you might want to check Chris' house.
We are bonding over stolen candy
IBM Tries To Screw Salespeople Out Of Commissions, Says One Who Just Quit
KDAY is killin' it today with all the weed jams for 4/20. Gangsta Party
The Pineapple Challenge was excellent, and a great fundraiser for the LLS. I am looking forward to the Portland Bridge Pedal tomorrow.
You're my biggest hit.<3
Dinner discussion: what princess my sister will dress up as at Disney world.
Today its gonna happen for real I need the real back
imma see you on tv djrocsidiaz love u girl later on okay djrocsi ??
People of earth...you really need to download the Foster The People EP. Trust me!
u kno u bored when u look up songs from like 2007
Nothing much. You?
Need to think out of box in crisis mgmt, social media is helping fundamentally change, improve response
ha that's awesome I'd feel very courtly receiving an email like that :)
I have nobody to hang out with/:
Congrats on being one of Biz Bash's most innovative event pros!
how do WE get in?!? #runnerds RT : You automatically got qualified for
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Love Tietam Brown. U really made me laugh.. out loud on city buses.. I made sure 2 stick out the cover so ppl would read it 2
I'm so blessed to still have my grandparents to hang with. They're truly my favorite people. Give someone you love a hug today, just cuz!
haha yayy! Country music is just amazing! I'm glad you agree :)
it doesn't matter to me
Happy Friday! Start your weekend off right with a relaxing cup of tea!
when all seems lost, there's only one way to turn
Hey it's BK, Do u want "Breadfan" by Metallica or Budgie at 4:45? Viva Fiesta!
#favoritelyricofalltime Im not playing i just say it i cant live without you
Foodcarts in PDX are the best. If you are thirsty I would go to Close by and great beer and atmosphere.
True, but Unique was doing her thing too
what's it called when you're tweet 'naturally' comes out to 140 char? it's happened to me twice
I don't feel good /:
Sounds like there are sirens all over Phoenixville right now. Anyone know what's going on?
cant wait for crew fest tonight!
and pick up mail. :)
Yeah. Sometimes it's hard to keep the eyes open at night!
Daang you are a busy girl aren't you haha
My Manager is about to e-mail you in about 5 minutes
I have no life when is at football camps. Beginning to hate football.
Its scripture, not a contract. And they aren't so much commandments as shallow moral guidelines, plus $5 mil guaranteed.
U ugly ass dumb bitch I will kick ur ass if u talk to me in person. HATE KATY!!!!!! Fucking idiot....
right there with you
I thought I transferred out of all of that but nope. I'm still a target, and I guess an easy one at that. People fucking suck
Tomorrow is my birthday! Woot! Hopefully it's better than my last :)
The Pens are imploding. They're running out of real-estate in the box.
the NKOTB Christmas album is classic! My brother flushed my cassette tape of it down the toilet back in the day :)
It's so cold outside :(
Who likes unfiltered, old world syrah?
my mind was set on rant mode regarding human stupidity when I responded to your tweet. Made no sense a the time I know :)
WTF jeremy is makin me mad *ignore*.
back on twitter :D
Sadly, that more teens & adults light up a marijuana smoke in public (Milwaukee's southside) without punity. Low priority for MPD officers.
I never thought I'd see the day. You dont strike me as a tweeter
hey gurlie i missed ya so was up????
when people try to insult other people and don't spell words right.. hahaha
I wish my family was close... But Shit we spreaded all around America.
The moon has some major wow factor going on tonight!
I thought it was going to be today but they can't do it today. So, I'll have to help them with it tomorrow.
these rappers aint keeping it 100 out here child...that the game child needs to quit and get a real job
nice! MT w00t, Aurora Health Care is playing w/ the other cool MedlinePlus Connect kids now
“: Preaching on covenant and compromise. Should be interesting! Can't wait to worship! ”
Can't wait until "Hope Has Come EP" releases on Oct. 30th!!! Save the date to get your copy and help support our ministry!
#TRUE YOU WOULDN'T WANA LOOSE YA NETWORK....
Pickup and start Chris Ogbonnaya if ur desperate for a starter this weekend.
True that. RT : Living together is our common task. We cannot retreat into cultures of exclusion
S/o to he's cool, everyone should follow. (: He
Yeah, kinda like that ;)
Hoping that and are having a fab show at tonight!!!
Had my son’s hearing tested because he’s always yelling
Lol, I'm going to try and come because I'll be moved out of Taylor by then.
omg its so cute. that picture!!!
Local coffee house has a #DJ on the porch. Sun is out, people talking, and #foreveryoung is serenading us.
Chauncey stuckey is doing what he does best fumble the ball, thank god he's not on our team anymore. #butterfingers #getsomestick'emman
thanks for the retweet, Pablo!
SA code enforcement officer John Garza is always on duty. He's the 1st to start a recycling bag.
a girl after my own <U+2764> Rt “: Nothing like some at 7:15 in the morning”
miss u, and I'm craving some jeds balls....m sound so yummy!
I FINNA READ A BOOK ABOUT ISAIAH AND HOW I AM THE PROFIT
Going to IFF Nationals Pageant in Florida... whoo hoo!! I wished June would hurry up and get here.. cant wait to compete.. so excited
Thanks for the quick help!
Q: If you and your lover had two free round trip airline tickets to anywhere in the continental US- where/what/when wouldja do?
What's good, Beef Curry? Only Jersey calls you that... lol! Thanks for the follow too...
an joseph Trapanese should score the new mortal kombat film. I'd love to hear their approach to that universe :-)
Welp, I was not on that checklist. What's up wit dat?? lol
pretty sure I'm going to live in dresses this summer!
well no social issue news cycle would be complete without a Palin weighing in, I guess
RT : It's in our nature to always want more. Today let's remember to be thankful for all that we have. Keep the attitude positive!
See talkcounts facebook page
I am hearing in committee from those who will be directly impacted. And these are people who are working, but still need a helping hand.
P. what up yo? How you been?
appreciate orders and responses! just wanted to relay that.
So even having a good idea among the people, lacking awareness of how things are done, sets us up 4 continual cycle of going nowhere.
TV Quote "You Killed the Wrong Girl last Night".... "That why God Made Extra Bullets!". And there ya have it -Magic City
Octopus == Zimbra, do you think #vmware will host via Mozy, doesn't that mean enterprise lockin to #Mozy? #mezeo has many partners
family sucks when the people in your family are asses
Thanks! Stay tuned for more great improvements, and amenities to come. Come get your prize!
was on sale at Target last week so I tried it and now I'm hooked!! Reasonably priced as well and awesome flavor!!
Most women, being humans and all, really like sex. How many more features must analyze this fact as if the writer just discovered fire?
Just involved in a hit-and-run. I was the 'hit' and I chased down the 'run.'
People call Wednesday "Hump Day", I call this false advertisement!
shush<3 I have the right to plead the 5th ! It must be my basketball skills !!!
Headache and 4 hours of homework I didn't start. What a wonderful evening
Everyone on this show is crying because its their dream, but they suck so BAD at their "talent." America is now the Special Olympics
The world's biggest slumber party is taking place at Staples. The crowd and the team are sleeping. WAKE UP ALREADY!!!!!
Elway can do no wrong.
When's the #Buccinohitterchallenge coming to Twitter?
I keep turning it back up and when I switch windows with Mission Control it appears to dim again.
Remember that one time i got in a fight with a friend and now im not in the musical because of it.... yea.... wow
I like the outfits lol
Beautiful women...stop selling yourselves cheap... dont nobody want that yard sale booty.
Have a Spruce-gasmic weekend!
I didn't realize that standing up for people I love makes me sensitive?
You are too slow to respond to the outage. At least post that there is something going on. Been almost an hour for me now.
How tired am I, exactly? I just opened the refrigerator while looking for the camera.
Whether working or partying tonight, be safe & have a DD. 32% of #StPattys traffic fatalities are due to drunk drivers. Have fun & be safe.
Rangers win
My #fridayreads is Eugenides' The Marriage Plot.
Where is the breakfast tomorrow? (Thursday) lmk if u get this b4...TY!!
Breakfast cereal still doesn't have a zip-lock top. Great job humans.
hold you sound like your yelling at me
25 And Adam beckoned his wife again to give birth to a son, and called his name Seth, saying,
I agree completely... Pitching is definitely NOT the problem..
Hey Fuji Fans. Join our text club & have our BEST coupons go to your cell. Just text the word "FujiFanClub" to 96362 to join! It's FREE!
Rooting on the tonight from Atlanta, GA on national TV... finish the race!
My bday is this week & I think I've finally reached the point where I am too old to comfortably sit on a wood floor and work on crafts.
We are completely booked for our overnight pet sitting services for Christmas! We still have our standard pet sitting visits available!
Kobe is pure undiluted filth.
sad day for the cubbies :(
as soon as...they are finished. Being printed MONDAY!
Hope your day goes fast then :)
Poetry winner: Nikky Finney for Head Off & Split. Great title! I want to read her poetry.
“: I dont.wanna be an ice skater. Okay so what is it then. I wanna be a ballerina. Aww thats so cute”
Happy Hell Week everyone :) <3
WOW! Justin Beaver, 50 cents with Mayweather and Calle 13 with Cotto!!! This is gonna be a fight!
So Albuquerque... Whats up?
I can't wait till my B-Day (Feb 29) im a pisces ^^i can't wait #TeamMindless Peace&Love ^^
rock on!
Dear Ryan, please don't make new versions of our favorite songs. Just the songs that we don't know.
Some people think that they are pessimists when they are really optimists that have been consistently disappointed.
what was that song at the end of the assembly friday i think it was a dubstep song?
This time tonight I will be getting ready for dinner at Next El Bulli. How cool is that! Can't wait.
i want this so badly<3
"Let's get meta-physical: finding the meta in the metadata"
People seriously don't know how to re-rack weights. Why put the 35's where the 90's go
NBC canceled Awake, no surprise. Interesting premise but too procedural for me. I pretty much gave up after ep. 3
Great session on #edtech w/ Baltimore City Schools yesterday. Interesting discussion on historical response to #edtech thru the years
Have the courage to act, instead of react.
Went out last night and I'm still sleepy
I second that emotion.
Salty my internet down I need to hear dat meek mill
#HANA #Technology on Display in booth #1503. Stop by & enter to win a $25 gift card OR a new #Dell XPS13 laptop!
From what we've seen so far, do you believe the Indians will win our division this season?
why are you do talented and gorgeous :)
RT comet will not be open for the rest of the day but we hope to see you all tomorrow!
1 cup KALE has 36 #calories,provides 192% of daily value #vitaminA, & since this is a plant source of vitamin A, you cannot overdose on it!!
im super bored!!!! #tweetingspree !!!! :)
Nice to meet you today, Luke. And happy birthday!
just signed up 4 hootsuite, need help scheduling more than one message.
My ex Morman neighbors admitted they help the Morman community only...rarely if ever go beyond the confines of the LDS church.
This fog is not playing around, people
Use the 14th Amendment to Raise the Debt Ceiling. There's no negotiating with the Tea Party.
Saw Hollywood Complex a doc abt delusional stage moms & kids headed for rehab thinking they can start @ top of show biz w/ vultures circling
I wish we could google how a certain person feels about us...
!!! :) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> “: I thank God I'm alive just ready for a speedy recovery!!”
Had a reaction yesterday to stinging nettle tea. A good reminder for me that home remedies still require caution.
10 more frames to go until i reach the point i wanted to get to today... Fuck animation lol
I always feel so much better after talks with my mom. she really knows what she's talking about.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Drag Me To Hell
What do you do when you have 5 days off in a row?
Happy Birthday to one of the nicest people on twitter!
#AN12 was wonderful - presenting, volunteering, learning ... I'm so excited for the next year and beyond.
Just in time for Prom; updo specials for $45.00. Book an appointment with Paula!
that is WAY too long D:
Thank you to all the neighbors and friends who came out for our first open house of the season! Stay tuned, for the next one
ha ha, right on. bring it!
Paul Ryan says his budget closes "special interest loopholes." Will he say what those are?
no but I'm sure there are a few Winnipeggers willing to buy your tickets in cdn dollars to get the team back. Lol!
A windy day. It makes me want to sing "Such a long way to go" in the voice of Michael McDonald over & over again.
Be thankful that you are able to work this hard.
babysitting my lil nefew gonna watch little foot in a sec! lol i love him
I wanted to keep a kitten I saw on the road in florida she snuggled me and everything dad wouldn't let me :(
I wouldn't say racist. Definitely stereotypical though
#ObamaInHistory 7 trillion is debt in 3 years, down grade in our credit, mandating an unconstitutional law, eating dogs
Never drinking a monster energy drink again! My heart is racing
Hey man! Are you still able to be a zom today? I need to find someone if you can't. Only a couple hrs. left.
I had another great day at JBLM today. A very hearfelt thank you to all the men and women who serve to keep our country free.
Congrats! RT Congratulations to our very own John Stratman! One of Susan G Komen 2012 Pink Tie Guys!
i did just now
I think the staff and the parking lot attendants at this hospital is in cahoots...I came here to get some results read and its taking an ...
Sandless Sandbags.Never build another sandbag for flooding.Green Product. Fast,efficient and environmentally safe
When people are spiraling out of control and they don't even know it...
Crap! Bautista's pitcher was terrible
sounded like at the chorus for #SaySomething <3 that's amazing !
Seriously, fuck American politics. Good thing we don't compare national averages with political science. I'm sure we're worse than w/ math.
If two sets of twins went to prom together that would be so sweet lol
guess I won't be flying Allegiant any time soon....
Something as simple as "Why rhythm?" is a very interesting question. Don't you think?
": True facts RT donald duck orange juice taste like citrus asshole juice...nasty"lol 4 reals tho all bitter and shit
im a opinionated person ...
I'll even rent you a burnt orange lambo for your visit. Lol
best tweet ever?
is yo block head ass in Milwaukee yet? Lol
AHA walk was a good time for the entire family. Pets were even welcome. It was a great day!
Dunleavy spent a lot of time putting up 3s w/ coach Peterson after practice yesterday. Paying dividends. 3-4 from 3. 23 pts.
Happy friday to you also =)
I'm on a natural high but I land perfect.
I want to go to college in Arizona. <U+E056>
blip.fm sucks ass. They never have the shit I wanna hear on there.
Thinking hot tub
Everyone's posting about it being the last Monday, guess it's just me and like 4 people who are stuck coming Monday<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Is anyone from SAM attending #mw2012?
RT : I couldn't be more thrilled. YAY ! The librarians at Miami University just passed an Open Access policy.
In camdenton with the friends(:
do you have a favorite nfl team? Have a safe trip!
I would love to meet the teenage versions of my parents....
"I look GOOD with a playoff beard" -
watching 's last concert ever. kinda sad, but there's exciting things ahead as well.
Smallbizchat Celebrates 3 Years of Helping Thousands of Entrepreneurs Today marks the third anniversary of my Twitter talk show
Save a bike! Take a cab! Something is wrong with this advice...
RT I liked GIRLS until they mistakenly namedropped some Prospect Heights bars as Cobble Hill bars.
RT : Thank god for true fuckin friends man. I don't even know what I'd do without em.
#ASuperPowerIWouldHave is the ability to fly, that'd be pretty cool ;)
At baptist awaiting godson birth!
Psalm 145:20 The Lord preserves all who love Him, But all the wicked He will destroy.
oh where are you from?
Are we suppose to print the pages, then staple them together ? o':
Adolescent Development Journal Offers New Article Packs on Issues of Concern to Professionals Who Work With Youth
The fact that I'm missing the first couple periods of school >>>>
Happy Friday. Hope to see you at our May 20 festival.
I have three. I plan to trade them all in.
It's been too long since and I have hung out in the nook.
I can't believe the Hackoff got taken off the air for Rockies Opening Day
Great jerk chicken pie ...pizza of the week. Check it out!
I think my mom thought it was too early or something. Haha
ok. I'll try and find sumfinn with spiderman tho. Remind me or cuz we're buddies for the trip. xD
Just a few things.
Oh boy, ! A whole NEW (but not-so-new) way to communicate!!
Make sure you follow this PRO in the foodie world for entertainment, tips and recipes!
ran 3km on an injured hip, came 4th in the district.
has lion eyes...
Rolled down a hill... Pretty sure I hit a rock on the way down <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Subway = front pg USA Today ad w/ celeb trainers & day after #BiggestLoser premiere.
That is the funniest dirty thing I've heard today. “: I'm starting an all-female version of Twitter and calling it Clitter.”
That was yo warning
The Diviners is being compared to #DorothyParker story. We have to get in the DPSociety
prolly cause I never showered in the mornings in the winter cause I learned my lesson haha
Yes. It makes the coastal driving really slow too. Super windy roads in and out of trees.
Really? Um, so, where does the time go? (And also, knock 'em dead)
I had a change of heart after I talked to <3
Too bad my mom wasn't there to see it. :(
What is #Dragoncon? Drunken Renaissance Fair Halloween for Top Level Badass Nerds.
Wish me luck at my Talent Show TONIGHT?!!?? <333
agree. Hate to say it but forget ours and focus n common core #aslachat. Show that we are on the same team
Tonight I will be dining on sadness...and maybe a little couscous
IDK ...LETS CHANGE THE SUBJECT...DO U SEE UR GIRLFRIEND ALOT
RT : RT : Convenience and reliability aren't enough anymore. Your site has to be addictive and fun.
Can I get an AMEN?!
call me back
Say, 's domain registration has expired. Do you know if there's someone on the case? Would hate for the site to be lost.
i want u, but wht can i do when u aren't even mine ...
Nah he was hoping you'd
In the studio tomorrow. Getting this album finished for all u great folks.
Power has been restored :-)
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but whips and chains excite me!
one last drink.
I need an iphone immediatly
- I am ready when you are!!! - Lets's make a plan! Happy New Year To You Too!!
She may have a great personality, but that aint got #%^& to do w/y u like her lolol.
Won't see this but I still have hope! Hi, I love you! :D
computer speed! human agility! WE CAN REBUILD HIM!
man its 6:25 and i wake up ...hamsa is till playing this lame ass game talkin bout he has ensamnia ...
you are not slick.....
We're auditioning drummers for the Jedi Nighties...let us know if you hear of someone good, especially if she's a female drummer.!
How many times? RT En route to New Zealand. Just passed the island from LOST.
Hey Dave are you still writing Clover all the time? Oh yeah you never did !
Attended the LA screening of SMASH last night..... Katharine? Was McPhee-nom-enol !!!!
Studying #python is actually fun, but I find myself flaking out during. I need to write a program to ding every 2 secs to keep me focused.
Ditto your LoL... Too many people exceed their 5 min limit! ;) xo
I went and got my X-Ray so I just ain't go
listening to some
Too bad no more TLR to heckle, tease about excuses
(c) and be real but will be quick to talk about you as soon as you are being yourself an being real so next time someone talks about (c)
we were joking.
I wonder if that Might Fix It tape would create an air tight, water tight seal on the leaking BP oil rig.
YES!!! That is AWESOME. You have successfully got a song stuck in my head for life.
Excited for #CareFirstCommitment tonight in Annapolis w/ Matt Stover! So proud of & for planning a great event!
Happy last day of classes to all the Seniors who don't take Friday classes! Did you ever think this day would come?
i know but whatever
Hey do you have email alerts/subscription for your blog?
All of the admins are on! HEY~Ashley
I hope your have a amazing night to little Brooke lol
is the Mitt Romney Barber Shop going to open up next to the Hillary Clinton Hair Salon? #semiseriouspoliticswithrachelfauber?
really?? You have a night light still??
Thank you Apple support squad. After being down today, my laptop is alive again. Apparently 50,000+ items in your trash slows things down.
They did it mama!!..
Billions of dollars available to lend! For Land, hospitality, multi-family, office, industrial, retail and others.
#HappyMothersDay! i am blessed to have many #mother figures in my life. The best of is my #mom - whose strength cont. to amaze & impress me
I already know lol!! I got you Boo!! I know what you like
hi mom!
"I love women", but do women love you. Dont play the sucka.
Good luck dude.
No other words needed. RT : Coldplay
Yeah we were at the ball field today ;)
Everybody says sleeping in til nine is so early ... For me that's about as late as I sleep ever
The holiday season in NYC is so much fun. Enjoy!
Thank you all for RT and mentions! Enjoy the week
following back beautiful :)
aww thanks girl! Are you in town? Dinner or coffee Sunday?
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW TABLET PC REVIEW: HTC EVO View 4G Android Tablet (Sprint)
23 Years of fine dining experience? Sounds like a solid resume, We will have come by and see how amazing he is!
You don't have to have a taco just because it's Cinco de Mayo-join us at the M for the biggest celebration in town starting at 6pm
We had a great time during the Domino's thing! :)
still too cloudy.
My baby cousin was born this morning. He's adorable!
Holiday family gatherings are stressful because you're forced to face the short genetic distance between you and a completely insane person.
what do you mean? U should text me so i can send u a pic of me so u can see for your self :)
yeah I know
Top Agent Magazine wrote an article about me. Check it out and see what they have to say!
Naked Harry? Yes please! <3 LLN
smoothie and #sc2. Life is great :
i miss ! #ohyouwannarace?
Some of ya'll are really "going down the road" with this Trayvon issue. I'm seeing so many generalizations & rumors.
Gonna be super busy the next few days
if there is a gtcdc tweet up at #ISTE11 , let me know
what charity do u want us to donate to this year? nominate ur fave. charity by tweeting us its name. top 4 org. with most votes gets a gift!
Great music and website. Thanks for the tweet and good luck with everything.
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
. #CRUNCHthatSHIT baby!! I miss my crew!! #SXSW isn't the same without ya.
I want to fire walk.
OK cool
two days until my first winter break as a 9 month faculty member. I can't wait.
Thank you, friends at the for distributing poetry bookmarks throughout National Poetry Month.
You did a great job with the build up on that one! ^jl
Softcore porn filter for the chase group.
Schiraldi: What would you want for your own kid if they ran afoul of the law?
Thanks for noticing!!
Love it when I can't sleep... I get so much done! Been up for 2 hours now and am banging through my to-do list like nobody's bidness
if you ever do decide to part ways with Ur username, I'd like a crack at it. Thx
I <3 their SALTY SALTY fries !! and their nuggetz (: i also like those Iced Caramel Frappe xD FANCY
good morning:-) I'm on my way to work, to put in some hours on that clock! Hope you have a great day #Bestie!
Lets be real about this shit, can i take you home?
Don't ask me to do something for u when u have legs and feet ... I'm not a maid and goin baylee?! Baylee?! Isn't helping
Fired up for this game!!! COLD BEER HERE!!!
don't you hate a teacher that talks for the whole class period #motormouth lol
See! How'd I know she'd say that? =D
Now you follow back;)
Oh that stink foot niqqa sleep here hardly eva, maybe once or twice per week so thats qood. Apart from dat eriting going well.
Very slim, Julie. And if you do.....will you remember the night in Woodland Hills.....
"in life keep 3 people in your life: 1 that inspires you, 1 that is paralle to you, and one that you inspire..... "
Daily Quote "Immediate feedback isn't always useful. People need to reflect first on their performance", Nic - ProfitAbility ID Team
Buying my adtr ticket finally, c:
Raider Rumble
Open-source data & platforms for supply chain tracing, modelled on
Strong, confident women are on the eHarmony commercials. Not on the #Bachelor That being said "Call Me?"
According to Rudi Volti, an artifact (or technological object) is an element of technology. ~Don
They wanna talk What they gonna say
Ferris got their scores already.. WTF! Dickinson better tell us already :|
Last night was too fun!
It's wild how put off by kindness people in NYC are.
So I think #oomf is coming to town soon to surprise me. I sure hope so cause I miss you!
Who you think you messing with Essay...don't chu know I'm LoCo!!!
; dear skank, i can smell you all the way up here! :D
Still another 30 minutes til we close. Are you coming? We wanta see your happy face! Or bring your not-so-happy face, we'll brighten it up.
I'm focused!
New Lovely Follower
Can Bears beat the Lions? If they can't, who can they beat?
That was pathetic. Welke should be ashamed.
Creative day, but brain dead now, time for cup of tea, biscuits and the new Sherlock Homes.
Video introduction to The Millennials television series will be launching soon along with the official site.
And if you don't like golf, you're smart. I'll have gray hair at 25 because of the stupid game. Still, something beautiful about it.
My new favorite sports team name The Florida Everblades
I can't deal with this phillies game right now.
There is no more certain sign of a narrow mind, of stupidity, and of arrogance, than to stand aloof from those who think differently from...
My Macbook Air is so borked right now, can't even boot into Lion Recovery mode. Wonderful.
Looking forward to the Jersey Shore fantasy draft and subsequent watching party this evening. Time for Italy to get its smush on.
Hilarious! RT : #youresowhite you have turkey feathers and a dream catcher hanging on your rearview.
Love you all! Thanks for a great time!
Who tryin bet money G-town make it to the Final Four
Ugh school
Yes, I was born on St. Patrick's Day. And apparently, I’m 1/16 Irish.
Kate Hudson and Kate Moss: The Good, the Bad and the Mesh! Both Kate Hudson and Kate Moss took to London town at the British Fashion Awar
On that note, "wirelessly" should totally be a word. Why isn't it yet, oh great beings of squiggly red line under misspelled words?
THANKS! I just hope likes it too.
I'm sorry, what did you just say?
Its going to be a late night work will suck tomorrow
sick used to be something you would pray for.
Extra innings in the #Phillies game vs Pirates. I'm on the edge of my seat and it's only game 2 of the season. Oh baby!
Thank you for that! Really sweet. :)
NM Update: Polishing up some new songs...on a crazy writing frenzy! Can't wait to see you! Luv, NM
Damn, now that song is in my head. And I keep picturing that stupid video.
RT if you saw do the sprinkler dance in America s Best Dance crew!!
Dishes... you are my worst nightmare.
Thanks to for showing love!
What? Junior Seau...no way?
I'm gonna be a superstar :D <U+2665> Who's gonna hepl me ?? Xoxo ;**
Will you be live tweeting from the red carpet of the Avengers premiere? If so, one request: ScarJo twitpics, please.
#madmen now. need my nostaglia fix. no spoilers.
Drinking in public is apparently very acceptable at the Fort Worth livestock exchange. Hello, cold bottle of beer!
Oh love arguments with my boyfriend about how awesome #March is. Why so many #haters??
You don't have a lot to talk about and you don't talk about your future together
We're praying. Speaking to Mamma Lupita. Be Strong.
NoW THAT'S JUST REDICULOUS !!
Are there any real downsides to jailbreaking? How do you guys feel? cc:
Don't forget open call auditions tomorrow from 3-4 come one come all =)
When you get back, could you show me how to fix some padding things on that template you sent me?
Looks like I'm gonna be a god mother to another baby. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6> love kids
i wanna hear To The Top by Ja Rule off
Great insights from caller Jeremy with ideas of revamping the tax system in the US. Do you think he's on the right track? 317-736-0950
Only if Payton asks him to "Will the Tuna float again n the Big Easy?"
NOW!:D
Game gone pop tonight cant wait come n watch us play palo
I love you :*
send me your num!
Sorry ass fuckin heat
Two weeks to finalize the jersey sponsor. Let's get to work.
Thank you, cat, for puking ON the rug instead of the hardwood floor right next to it.
Hard to concentrate on work this morning....WOOOHOOOOO!
Why I love hanging out in Paterson: swimmers. more importantly, shirtless swimmers.
Yeah...that is true. I guess we'll find out next season.
ALEXI CASILLA takes us to NYC and the Post Season !!!!!!
Just saw the Vow
Thanks for your reply! Enjoy it and let us know your review! Would love to be featured on your programming!
Bouts to eat some cookies W/Milk ... M hm Yummy!
we haven't met yet, have we? Meet u tomorrow!
Oh Josh Hamilton, I love how my fantasy league allowed me to draft you even though I already had Braun and Bautista as my keepers... Lol
id prefer it if they signed brooks kieschnick again instead, bullpen help and pinch hitter!
- Thanks for the sign. Just in time for our house concert.
Had some of that here, too, but rain is needed.
Next presentation (calling in from Quito, Ecuador) - RFID Self-Checkout Using Koha and Invego
He sent me a winky face
Lol...well are you in North Dakota?? that's my issue here =) BUT thank you so much for the invite!
Pinterest is intriguing but I'm not sure what to make if it yet. It's fun to see people exploring.
that's what he said.. but it wasn't good
Good thing I got that o.g Kush : )
10 unread messages on fb. 6 unread messages on pinger. 0 mentions on twitter... hm. I'm all cool.
Supermoon's weakness, apparently, is total cloud cover.
get well soon
It would be legendary, of course.
Waiting for "that guy" to post Andy Samberg and Justin Timberlake's Motherlover.
oh yes,ear infection and allergys start playing up,the day i have to go to school,its fine..-_-.
I'm in Vegas for the fight they'll b done on monday
Poetry surrounds us everywhere, but putting it on paper is, alas, not so easy as looking at it. ~ Van Gogh
Come here a fellow citizen talk about fiat currency, the federal reserve system and all things above and beyond. Wednesday, Dec. 14th, 7-8pm
LISTEN TO BOB MARLEY AND TELL ME HE AINT A DAWG!
I don't play baseball but ill hit a homerun -pitbull
OMG #WeLoveKevinJ is trendy!!! love ya kev
The bravest are surely those who have the clearest vision of what is before them... and yet notwithstanding, go out to meet it. - Thucydides
Cookie crisp= best after school snack ever.
or plays should I say, bit odd I know, just going a bit mental here!
Y'all follow -- ^_^ he needs it!
OMG WHERE WAS EZRA THIS EPISODE?? WEN ARIA TALKED TO HER PARENTS ABOUT NO SECRETS I THOUGHT SHE WAS GONNA TEL ABOUT EZRIA <3 OMG
Thanks for the mention :)
I don't have an attitude I have a personality that you can't handle.
With a little creativity and advanced planning, your next casino party is sure to be a great success!
How's it going ?
crying like a little bitch because i look like an ugly fuck .
PULLED PORK SLIDERS: 3 egg buns filled with barbequed pulled pork & dill pickle served with sweet potato strings.
I have yet to see a cloud in the sky out here!
The Bucs had a bad outting on Sunday afternoon. The game was blacked out due to a lack of ticket sales.
HELLO DO U PROMOTE
We feel this stands repeating: Cool off with a refreshing Bing-Su. Yep, Korean Shaved Ice!
: Sometimes the projects I'm most interested n get sidelined by projects people r most interested n $ me 2 do” < +1
P.S. I'm always lurking in the audience
Gonna workout tonight
I know, its crazy lol
Well give it back!!
Really excited about #ThePitch on !
There's a world out there that we should see.
Mom, can you make me breakfast, music to my ears!
is almost 18. Now I'll have to wait till I'm of age to marry him, I remember when he was 13 omg
Watching the food network when you're hungry is torture.
you love us :) we need another movie night!
unfortunately we lost, but thank you to everyone who supported us! Congrats to CityZen, and we'll see you 4/16 Room
aww man, all these trending topics, LOL! come on people....
I feel like as manager I should get to talk to more, but its less and less everyday
sharedgenes.com! go there now
I was a Penguin
Just found out 's favorite movies are American Pie, American Pie 2, American Wedding, and American Reunion
Dude Im so happy xDD
it is you just have to have a lisp
hell yea got more screens in my. Car then in my house smh
Playing a free solo show down 2nite with my good friend and local treasure Mike Giacolino. No cover, music at 9:30
Neva try n talk 2 a girl who works in retail while she's doin a price check!
“: follow back"” done
A2: And cloud computing in combination with well designed learning spaces (physical) is very powerful, collaboratively speaking
Or the Mets...but I'm going with ING. Last thing we need is the IRS being run by Mets ownership....
One of our many blessings seems to be low flying insect infestation. So even without screens we're okay. Allergies, OTOH
Time to #sprint! See you in 60min! Go! GO! GO!
Mobile is about providing info to consumer that 's relevant when they need: Flanagan
love to meet you at our happy hour with 4/10 6pm hotel. Open to men and women
“: Ur boy is giving away tix for 's #openbar show in #NYC. Yep I've got two pairs tonight in the 9 & 10 hrs!
im scared shitless for 3 of my classes:((
RT of you want summer to come faster!
UGH sorry x) well 2 of my bench guys are on the DL so
follow back?(:
yup can't forget Twitterland, ha this is how we discovered each other by mistake.. lol... like what I tweeted earlyer..
RT : Westfield Group agrees to sell a 45% stake in 11 U.S. shopping malls & one mall-development site.
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours. ~ Jerome K Jerome
Ugh so over drama.
have fun! it's beautiful on 23rd today RT : Ok heading downtown to 23rd see what trouble I can get in to
Frig, I think I broke something by installing WP to a subdirectory and redirecting it to my main domain.
Hahaha I want everything loaded
RT : U.S. Rep. Jim Moran says Washington Blvd bridge over Columbia Pike rates 2 on scale of 100 in terms of safety
Congrats. Is the company named SkyNet by chance?
Not watching baseball till the Washington Nationals are good IF that happens
I only sell drugs to pay for my rehab
Girls are like phones. We love to be held, talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected.
Haha, I'll forgive you. After all, I was absent Friday lol..
My name is Jana, and I am addicted to brunching.
I'll be in Chicago tomorrow. You free for a bit in the afternoon? Lunch?
Breaking News - Subway Cookies Are Now Thinner Than iPhones... News at 11...
If it wasnt for shootusdown!!!!! I would be nowhere!!!!! Thanxx alex for making that youtube account!!!!! We love you!!!!!<333---mara(:
“I love to sail forbidden seas, and land on barbarous coasts.” <U+2015> Herman Melville
Hey everyone on twitter! Please stop by our page and give us a like. Facebook.com/Currentsfl
I remember when I first heard Matt Hunter and Austin Mahone's voice :') I no longer had ovaries.
Anyone know how much life insurance one should get?
locked out of my apt.
Hey Phil - you're looking a little orangish. Just think of it as a mini-blog.
Ha! That's a problem I NEVER have (with myself). Why so early?
Off to the hell-hole we call school. Yay, stupid teachers and prison food! My favorite!
#Primus tomorrow and 1/1 at the Great American Music Hall
haha I don't know about all that...but it's definitely iPod material.
Who's going to be the first to get a "10"? Next week? WOW!
Loving the #bearwatch2012. Glad it is #notinmybackyard though. :)
Yes! &I get to keep the dark brown one! :)
Need Some Night Night IQ Why I'm Chillin Ewwww Hahaha Damge Mode Shit.Its Problems Bitch Ass Hoe.
thank you! (:
Thank you!
see if anything strange is running... Then open your browser and see if anything strange pops up after that... Might help?
My hooks be coming out fye!
Exciting plans going on in the Chicago area for this weekend?
so many bands are coming out with new music very soon & have amazing merch bundles, I'm thinking "EVERYTHING'S BEAUTIFUL & NOTHING HURTS"
you da best!!!
But i do wanna see him win a ring.
When will do the dirtiest job in the country and work for the US #Government for a day?
Wait...ALL drinks here are $4??? Domestic drafts? Bottled imports? Shots? Mixed drinks?
you're the worst I love you
So I got a screen protector that's supposed to be the Lamborghini of screen protectors, but I want the mirror 1 so much cuter
no I won't im not on those meds anymore
you rootin on the BOYS and Jason = mighty cool!
What's wrong with selling a product requiring you come to only one source to get it again? Isn't that what drug dealers do?
Officially done mixing the new album!!! Its FIRE! ohh and we have a show this Friday! Preparate broder!
we need to get on that! Lol
Well, , at least you'll be able to say you had relevant training. Hehe.
You Gotta Stick It Out Nd Work It Out
Today I want to see you, brush your hair back out of your eyes because I can anyways b day present 4 tickets to hunger games opening night
Getting quoted by random strangers
Have to say this is the best idol talent usually I know who will be the top 4 by now, not this season should be good.
I usually tweet all night!
Awesome! #gobucksgo RT : Ready to take my daughter to her first game of the season! Hopefully she can see !
Not as easy as you might think to buy 70 white pillowcases on the UWS w/o spending a fortune.
is killin' it here in Madison!
I keep forgetting about the #FinalFour -- but it explains why there's not a damn thing to watch on TV. Alas.
Sleep easy. Sounds like you deserve it!
Sign painting and Sonic Youth type of morning in the studio.
Oh god... Still drunk. Buffalo Wild Wings.
. Awesome. Hope you guys can connect! cc:
I can live with the fact that the new version of Seesmic is ad-supported, but not the fact that it crashes on startup 90% of the time.
Thanks, Cheryl! :) RT : Happy Birthday Ms. Audrey! <3
I think people are underestimating the potential for fraud or bad behavior with crowdfunding
Rain on the roof woke me up, it's usually nice to hear but I'd rather sleep tonight. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Nobody puts Dustin in the corner!
The movie theater in PG Plaza has a midnight showing of the Avengers.Hm....Anyone interested?
I wish twitter had a like button
just a few more hours to go ... phew
Sure, it was a beautiful day, really. :) We went hiking for a bit in Ocala National Forest on our way across the state.
You know thats my city! Live it up man maybe ill bump into on the streets.
Thanks! This is exciting, I can't way to see what selections u chose & looking fw to sharing w/ the kiddo.
Satyam (Reality) is that which exists permanently i.e. in the past, present and the future.
Thanks :D Trust me, I know about fun140 and its pissing me off. It's like the 2nd time in 3 months
All done for the day, time to go study
RT : RT : There is a difference between silent waiting and active listening.
Is this true?? I don't care, spread the word ": Liam Payne (From One Direction) has a morbid fear of spoons - koutaliaphobia.”
#BecauseOfObama I wanna be black too
rest up boy! you need a break from working so hard! <3
Jimmy's too well dressed to be an Indianapolis housewife!
i see your lips movin, but i don't hear nothin ;)
L'Enfant start your weekend right, having one of the most interesting Ficelles in DC. Stay hungry my friends!
haha, it's not ONLY tacos...but tacos make up roughly 70% of that number. Eating out for two meals a day every day gets expensive.
HARDEN .....need i say more
I think having Josh McDaniels back with the #Patriots will be good for offense and Brady. If Brandon Lloyd comes too, could be good!
Resting the old feet today what a great fun weekend. happy hour now till 9pm $2 Miller bottles, $1 PBR cans and $3 TALL rails. Cheers
The American diet is typically very acidic. Try to limit your intake of red meat and increase the amount of fruits/vegetables in your diet.
bookies still takin' money
Why not just play in the Alliant Energy Center like they did a few years ago?
And she is even happy with cheap one... score two me.
human centipede 2 is easily the worst movie ive ever watched
QoTD: "Failure is a far better teacher than success." (Unknown)
Power Cordz didn't work for me. Rear mech doesn't pull enough cable.
that's F'n funny!! #StealingIt!!
I just wanted to talk to you
#ILoveMyMomBecause she's such an amazing person who puts others before herself. No matter what I do she's always there for me. <U+2661>
Let's go to Toronto!!!!
I'm calling it a night good night and god bless y'all
We concur. RT Be cool, shop local. It's up to us.
Don't miss our last Poochinis and Peticures of the year Thurs, 10/27 6-8pm! Donations will benefit the new Austin Animal Center....
This is where I draw the line. Fuck this. Goodnight.
I just looked out the window only to see that my neighbors have their Christmas tree up already. Are you kidding me?
Both optimists and pessimists contribute to our society. The optimist invents the airplane and the pessimist the parachute.
well its not fucking mine! So it must be yours. I've never brought food and i take my coffee cup home everyday. Thanks.
Maybe will find who is really going to be trade for Danny Califf, just a ot twitter rumors now
I hope people are more mature in college
on my grind what u been up to?
Makes sense. Still messing with my day. :-)
Another such victory over the Romans, and we are undone.
...that appreciates how awesome you are :) Hang in there!
Eugenics = messed up
TWEET TWEET TWEET TWEET TWEET. ~
show at Red Eyed Fly, 8:30 Saturday March 26th, Deserts of Mars CD Release
Good luck to everyone participating in the mini today! We are cheering for you! Stay hydrated and don't forget your sunscreen.
So true. “: Richardson is in motion...Weeden takes the snap...OH!!! Weeden is sacked!"
Porn-bots are so clever. RT: "9 out of 10 men prefer women with big tits"
Yeah, next time we'll pick a less haunted Denny's. LOL
please define "bad music"
#fridayreads I Just Hope It's Lethal -- a poetry anthology edited by Liz Rozenberg and Deena November. Very moving!
You have enough things to worry about. Printing, collating and binding your manuals and handbooks shouldn’t be included on your to-do list.
Just got the new Justin Bieber perfume called SOMEDAY! It smells amazing! I love you J.B!
Brick and mortars need qr codes as you walk in the door to their stores so smart phone users can instantly access their mobile sites or apps
#cocaine, selfish drug, / sacrifices the many for the one // oil, selfish drug, / sacrifices the future for the present
I wish the Heat would notice how many people are cheering for them, how much we want that championship title!
&harr; Very Cool Covert Camsticks Protect your Freedom RonPaul
Some chocolatiers offer bacon wrapped in chocolate
Omg, I just saw #Tim Tebow on Biggest Looser.
call me anal pun intended but love my #cottonelle emerg roll on the road
that is hi.la.ri.ous!
You guys are killing me. Maybe Allie can hand out helmets after the customers pays as a give back.
oomf talking dumb
What are your favorite country music duets? We have "Don't You Wanna Stay" from & #Kelly Clarkson coming up within the hour!
and thats why so much seems messed up in DC. best leaders often dont aim/intend to lead.
Looking for a #graphicdesign #job is it a possibility?
Pass me the tool, i aint goin out like no punk Kane....
My sister with a good idea: "If the #Crew96 don't win this, they need to start popping the collars on their jerseys."
no, pretty sure sweats are allowed at monster truck rallies. you should be a-ok.
Nothing says "I'm in a hurry" better than buying one roll of toilet paper from the drug store.
Success is built on small steps that aren't exciting...lack of commitment allows many to ignore the simple steps chasing after excitement!
Purdue is giving me heartburn!
Hey Now! Sharazi is in the house. Most beautifully custom designed gowns I've ever seen.
I hav to stay on my toes,i cant afford to get caught slippin bcuz the devil is lurkin and he not bout 2 drag me into no bullshit #I cant go
dude we getting chocolate wasted!
Okay, seriously, we have to go golfing this summer. And pray we don't get kicked out instantaneously. Ha.
Laying in bed with Colby Jack after Richie leaves for work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>>>>>>>
Oh the old schuuule house. How I hav not missed thee.
you know it!
of course idol idol ko gid sila duwa yah.....i love them so so much.....
At the airport waiting to board my flight so ready to see my mom!
Vigil was to mark anniversary of MLK's death, same day as vote. MLK famously said public transit is a civil rights issue.
I would like go to my city....
Carrerra Thanks for the follow!
What sets leaders apart from followers is things happen to followers and leaders make things happen.
Nicki had a good emmy perf. But this is the grammys its about music n that sucked! Sad cause shes actually talented as hell. Followin in ...
wait is you coming
RT : Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.--> so true!
#SomePeopleDont understand that being homophobic is being scared of being gay themselfs :-D
Shout out to Chief Keef and Kanye cause I can name plenty of things in this world that 'I don't like.'
dude, make chatter on Weds AM and I'll totally hit Donner for
Like ghost hunting shit?! RT If you're down to hit up some scary places tell me :)”
Starting Breaking Dawn this weekend. Am simultaneously annoyed by Bella and sucked in by the plot and the hype.
Im pooping myself this pll is intense
u can barely contain ur excitement lol
Gotta work on taxes this weekend. Yikes
You think I like her and she thinks I like you.
"Wasp" by Crazy Town
I don't always wear a hat, but when u do it is pointy.
d rhetoric is certainly getting way nastier.. what is wrong with DC Council?
Hey friends - my Facebook biz page finally got Timeline. What do you think? I love the Etsy Shop app. <3
#2012 promises to be another promising year for as we extend our support to at the
Taylor Green or Aoki who would you rather have in the lineup every day?
Mike, you favorited our tweet! thanks ;)
Did anyone wake up and run the ? Kudos to you warriors, but my beer intake last eve has thwarted me again
And I don't like that exhausted=part of being a teacher.I fall asleep reading to my son, then wake to grade till 1.
hey lets work!
Dear Zara on Newbury St. your staff rly needs to learn the products your selling everyone go see my friends in Natick instead!!!
how do you like it?
#twittertools Twellow: This tool helps to “cut through the clutter” to find other Twitter users in a specific industry using this service.
Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to wearing small green costumes.
Someone tweet mee (:
Something's are better forgotten. No need for complications hmm?
RT The first 5 min of the 2nd half is huge.
mbromley: turned off device updates due to $$, couldn't get my GPRS enabled phone to get to #sla2009 retweeting website
WE <3 Redrock Micro and ! Thanks for your continued amazing support of our little movie!
Looking to try something new? RT : Stop in to try our newest beer, SUB ZERO MUNICH HELLES!!
congrats! i'm so happy for you guys :')
Thanks for the RT of my article Evelyn. I hoped it would make an impact.
“: There is nothing like trying to call in a score correction to the sports desk wdrunk Celtics fans screaming earning ur pay
Uw simpson center rocks again as host for now urbanism. Visualizing urban histories..here we come!
Bucks game tonight. My fourth one this season. Thanks for the two free tix.
Live To Give Week 5 - Buy A Stranger Something at Random - www.LivenAndGiven.com This is Brian Zim.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Salon Update: Try our Sunday's Best Package ( press/wash & style, steambrow grooming $50) available on Sundays only with Audrey
Make certain youo choose a trainer with accredited qualifications, and who is adamant about proper form.
Ok best friend! Sweet dreams! #ILOVEYOUFOREVER!! <333
BRRRRR. I don't like when I'm inside under the covers and I still have to say that. ;_;
What makes you sexy?
And, in the inevitable DiMasi Trial movie, who would play who?
This 20-hr/wk sample content calendar is making me sad and envious. Happy to have a 1-hr version, though!
yes it is
bias was a beast. Would have loved to see what he could have done with that already stacked Celtic team
Spending my new years alone yay!
i fail chem : /
Wyo This Weekend? :)
Shot hoops, ate doritos tacos, watched the #Lakers take the series against denver..
In case anyone else doesn't know Vidal Sassoon is the name of the founder and he passed away. ack. Apologies for the bad joke. >.<
I don't think you're remembering clearly!
Going to school tomorrow, I don't care. I'm making it through the day. I have too.
so is fruit ninja
Just had some great emotion connections to the movie #TheHungerGames!
When I was a kid I asked my parents for a camera for my birthday and all I got was a PONY.
yes it is!
Good job, Sarah! I wish I was there to tickle you to celebrate!
You're on tonight?! We must party.
Can't wait till Easter to Eat:)
Cliff jumping in the a.m. Good night world <3
Full Stewart Brand quote reveals: Information doesn't just want to be free, it also wants to be expensive. See: library budgets.
I love how my parents scream at me for just asking a simple question.
Oh you know getting drunk with my family
I'll Never Forget the day followed me <3
We've got ALL kinds here. Jesus will be coming very soon for her if she stays on that highway!!
syb, you're on record for saying you did not think it would be good.
How can I help you ? Just helped someone else get a job. #itjobs, #software,#dev,#tech,#kernel,#OS,#virtualization,
There are three sides to an argument, your side, my side, and the right side
I'm guessing that the only "football person" even loosely affiliated with the Packers that the Bears will be able to talk to is Ray Rhodes.
So glad work is over! Now to the gym #GrindTime!
Cool. We'll be in touch soon re: pre-institute course discourse :)
please let me know if you have any questions on FeedForAll!
That awkward moment when something costs $2 and one of the those dollars is rolled up from the night before
did such a great job, such an incredible woman and a beautiful story.
RT : "He who plants kindness gathers love." ~Saint Basil
that's me (: haha. May I have a follow back? (:
Let the day begin! In the Green Room I go! Thank U GOD 4 another 1!
Like Wayne said, i'm deeper than space
Do you have a "Kids Eat Free" day/night at your restaurants?
Bullshit!!!!!! Stupid Refs!!!
what? Unacceptable.
Periodontal disease in dogs can cause teeth to loosen due to infection and can even fall out.
It's a gorgeous day in the Bay!
they do
Did you know our springless trampolines do not have any springs or steel frame on the jumping surface? Feel safe about your kids jumping!
ohh ok i thought you were speakin about somethin else
lol from deep down inside
"Just like Danny Devito, URLs should be short, relevant, and easy to remember." - #SEOsecrets cc:
This friday at the proud one!!!! Celebrating all pisces..swanky drinks..dancing and pecial dessert!!! Live blues band...dancing galore!
#NerdAlert - these #Lithy awards make me teary-eyed! We love helping you help your customers!
Better not be
Just when I thought shooting was over for my music video, my producer decides to shoot more tonight...I need me a 4 hr energy ASAP!!!
it was awesome! One of the best shows. Everyone hung out a lot too which was fun!
Done with work early! Now heading to an audition.
#newyearsresolutions: put a bird on it!
Black Friday?blacklist? New music? Black tactic!!!
AMEN to that.
in the house
The "Let's Be Animals" tour with , and is on the road NOW!
Is there something more to life? Is there someone out there who knows how to explain it? I really want you to be there at my side loving me
#BBN. Rise to the occasion that is domination of the basketball nation!
I can't believe UW didn't make the tournament. Sad panda, er, husky.
Hopefully tomorrow will make things better...
Business and Finances: Immediate Interview - Share Point ...
At the drinking coffee!
Are you a "Citizen Influencer?" You'll have to read ROI by Mark W Schaefer to find out.
Why can't every fanbase just get along? Mahomie, Belieber, Angle, WHATEVER! you support YOUR idol just like everyone else. Stop hating.
Watch out Vegas! <U+2665>
Been in the sun for 3 hours, already burnt.
A smiling face is half the meal. Latvian Proverb
That awesome moment when you catch someone in a lie.
They have NEWT and that idiot squirrel, forgot his name country singer.
Truth is: I Think is my best friend, it's the only person that I tell everything I feel & think.. Thanks
#CRONS probably had the best shooting night they have had in a long time, got the W against a good team, missed and
LMAOOO! Try to cough a little bit too LOL!!!
Future ft R Kelly - Parachute....
Conflict cannot survive without your participation. -Wayne Dyer
GOP primary in FL has revealed that a large number of older voters and many likely Republican Voters are opposed to Social Security cuts!
Holy shit a "donzen" that's a big ass number.
Mitchell from swamp people died #<U+E413>
dont follow me then
Now if i was talkin bout gettin Head from these twitter hoes itll WW3 ... But its cool to ask niggas on twitter to eat your ass?
DANG GONE IT! IM STILL WANTING ON MY BOOTS! SURE COULD HAVE ROCKED'EM TODAY!
Hope everything's ok. Times like these are pretty scary.
RT "Motivation is the energy that drives the explorer 2 discover, the visionary 2 dream, the entrepreneur 2 create"Harry Palmer
Forgot to take the pill?
Each day is an opportunity to travel back into tomorrow’s past and change it. – Robert Brault
I think the Marlins stadium has that much green-screen green in it so they can CGI in fans midseason if they keep sucking this bad.
First draft of my first interpretive sign finished. Sign writing is hard!
im soo damn tired
14 and def comes from God!!! but I did just recently start with a voice teacher this year I want to go all the way with singing!!!
you grew up in Ohio, Yankee.
Off to a dance floor full of task force peeps
oh no question
I hoped tiny elves were making the knocking sound in my computer this morning. No such luck--it was the last gasp of a dying hard drive.
interesting or not he waited for Jeb to endorse first. Follow the leader?
This was a great book! Luv to cook her recipes too! I'm rather jealous reading all your tweets!
WB, can you advise on how we can make our Conservative representatives more education friendly?
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter! Nick Dillon, Shanah Delacy, and Josephine Jackson! Welcome to the NBMBAA family!
It is a self expression us Texans says, it all good. LOL
Hannah Höch, Barbara Kruger, Cindy Sherman! RT It's International Women's Day! Who are your favorite female artists?
Haha I know who you are, wouldn't miss it :D
Hear, hear. RT : Good to have you back Nick.
On another note, someone in this gym restroom smells like mothballs. Mothballs are not the answer. There are other options for pest control.
“: Get save then get drunk lol” I'm already save..lol
Actors and entertainment pros who take advantage of social networking can create buzz for themselves. Soon to replace agents.
i know i cant wait 4 the concert oh & i finally got a tumblr so u should send me a dm w/a link to ur tumblr so i can follow u
Happy B-day to my cousin Tracy!
happy new yeeeaaarr :D
Seeking #VMWare Adminstrator for a large enterprise organization. Experience with VMWare ESX. Email your resume to .
Matt Groening finally reveals Springfield&#39;s home state on &#39;The Simpsons&#39;
Wow, you're a real bitch. Just seriously.
Now watching glee
There are those who provide content & those who make a life of moving, managing & dissecting other ppls content. Choose wisely.
thanks for joining us!!!!!
A new life is possible only when one commits fully to their new convictions.
Excited for launch of ! More and more Minnesotans are learning why #photoID is so controversial. Let's defeat this thing!
It's sad that I have 14 alarms for in the mornings... I'm such a heavy sleeper
if y'all are looking for my voice this evening you can check it out - I'll be LIVE tweeting for #DFA using #DFASOTU12 Check it!
meeting up for lunch with some lovely ladies and good sewing and quilting friends i haven't seen in ages in Boulder at Brasserie 1010!
That's love #Scandal I'm not saying it right but calling it like it is.
I'm listening to Hopsin and my sister is convinced it's Eminem. Hahaah.
Q2: Yes, I think it can work both ways: helps the younger child understand and it comforts the adult with Alzheimer's
& You two are the funniest and hottest people that have walked this earth;D
Good night loves! :))
Good Luck in the Tahoe Celebrity Golf Tournament!
Rick Santorum is a prickly, single-celled organism who involuntarily absorbs the DNA of roadkill.
$1.28 for lunch for me and 3 kids. Gotta love the #chickfila calendars during a daddy staycation.
::Hug:: RT : Thank You for #HAWMC I hope you know how much I appreciate the WEGO team!
Trying to take a nap but there are 2 cats boning outside my window. Yes I'm talking about real felines here and no, I'm not kidding.
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 53F FAIR
Wondering what the effect of all the electronics in new cars will have on the auto repair industry in 5-10 years
its really really bad.
not only did I lol - I snorted! ha RT : Achilles is trending on Twitter. Is he one of the characters in the new Avengers movie?
I feel lazier than the guy who created the Japanese flag.
22-A-B: David Franklin; HRevolution; Comcast
Jason Terry will be a Free Agent to
so cool
Scared of dress code... Hope I don't get in trouble..
Overwrought faux-orchestral bullshit from people who think they are operating in Freddie Mercury tradition, but are not.
It sucks when I wanna takk to someone and everyone I know I don't trust
Just left Magazine Street.... even in the rain, its as beautiful as ever. Hope they line the street with Banners for Saints Season ;)
YUP IMMA WISH FOR THAT ON MY BIRTHDAY MAY 25 all daii cant wait Im so random where did I come from with my bday
But even if it was improved down the line, there still would be no keywords available for search.
I am happy you guys will be together! I know how hard and lonely it is, trust me!
you got it. Thanks alot
I wonder how much the kardashians spend on their make up alone?
Ha! // MT : Sometimes when I yell, "Nixon, quit it!" at my cat, I pretend I'm yelling across space and time at the actual Nixon.
things like this make our day! thank you so so much! :)
you were right bro.....
Life is like a roller coaster. It has its ups and downs, but it's your choice to scream or enjoy the ride."
The economic crisis is affecting so many of us in so many negative ways. The acting CFO of Freddie Mac has committed suicide. So sad.
Must be in the borough of Brent.
Finally found 's officially real twitter handle! Must.....follow!!
RT Midnight breakfast without bacon? Or JJ?!? I CALL SHENANIGANS!!!!!!!!
Train works well. Only my second year to Charleston, but found it useful last year.
Same here P! U shud chk out the thas one of ur Nations not to mention
I guess we're going to Old Town tomorrow! Gonna find those motherfucking gingerbread houses like a ninja. :)
IS THIS DEVOTION ENOUGH!!!!!!!! xD sorry everyone
#4G4 and #tbcfashionweek ready to celebrate with fellow Directors
Softly hearing Brass Monkey spill from 's office.
Thanks friend - it was magnificent!
Mentor's choice night on #FashionStar on NBC...no didn't hack my account, I'm just a sharp dressed man ok!
NUMBER 2 FAVORITED OF THE DAY !!!!!
this weather is crazy.
looking for suggestions on locations to hold fundraisers. Your idea counts! Thank you
Return of the pirates on the history channels onDemand. Awesome
Can you support me guys?<U+2665>Some peoples laugh at me because my skin color and they reject me !,Support me<3
i am a miz and i love him alot
Rainy Day on Miami Beach...perfect day for a Hair Party!
Happy 4th bday to my princess
but, don't worry babe. Like my parent here. He's can handle me
*not thinking about it*
Just keep shootin'. Trust me. I take a lot of bad pictures to get a few good ones.
DOLPHINS FANS BRACE FOR IMPACT
Gave an awesome wise guy 86 year old WWII vet a musuem tour today. "Where are all the bathrooms? Did any old ppl stay here?
damn auto I ment to say live not love
Great day yesterday for a round of golf.Tomorrow I face the doom & gloom of Kodak
Ah HA! FALSIFIED!
#OOmf don't know how to cook popcorn -___-
congrats Matt Trojan fam loves you
Rest in peace Ron Shock.
This head has bones in it. its was nasty. i was like what is this. he said cheek. im like wahhhh
grab me some food dog I'll pay you
*beautiful voice~
Now that the draft and bounty suspensions have passed, can the #NFL please go away for the next month or 2?
ohh how i miss talking to (:
I recommend 21 Jump Street! Very funny and isn't a remake of the show. Plus Channing Tatum is pretty to look at.
Let's try 12. Split that day right in half! :) Thoughts on where to go?
I get to see my niece's newborn daughter Sophie tonight. Does that mean she's a great niece?
- I think it seems like a justified biz expense - start packing!
And plus, he doesn't do wrestling, but I think he'd enjoy
About to board the plane, first to Paris, then on to Bucharest. Here we go!
...I hav xtra slaps for you!
Lmfao some old man just honked at me and started jammin out and bobbed his head Lmfao
Nope get outta my room with that shit
#ICantStandPeople who touch MY food
Back in NYC and grinding...and got to hit the gym...
ever since I can remember probably twenty years now
Sister Mary Lauretta~ To be successful the first thing to do is to fall in love with your work.
Nothing like a coincidental anti Obama tweet to make you look like a racist homophobic bigot!
watched Never Say Never for like the bajillionth time yesterday. That movie will never get old xD and i just said never.
My bedroom walls do no have Tumors!
Thanks for sharing this!
My mom, telling stories about her college days: "I get confused between my two Master's."
The open in new tab vs. open in new window swap on the new firefox has caught me at least 1000 times today. Slow learner.
"Tiger Woods and this place and this tournament get along like Don Draper and Nicorette." - Gene Wojciechowski
RT : Won't happen, it's simple mathematics.
On this day in 1998, Titanic became the first movie in North America to earn more than $600 million.
Hearing through the grapevine that the missing MGC furniture may be at a certain house on Harrison...tisk tisk.
haha yea! Man I never get tweeted anymore :(
#Piouscelebrity Quote: I'm king of the world! Now get off of my New Zealand Ranch, you blue fackers!
Ambrose is who I'm going with.
see the sceen unfold before you and im no tsure if its at me that you smiled at :D <3 Stand Forever
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 58F FAIR
hey can you follow me?? (: and chat me what the thing was because the link isnt working.
why thank you :)...we'd like to think so
Former Badger WR Nick Toon to Saints at 122. Just the Saints 2nd pick in the entire draft.
Fake niggas plotting on me, real niggas mobbin for me - Prince James
She takes people places! Makes sense! She needs cotton candy pink furry seat covers and bejeweled rims.
What is all this moon talk about? Reminds me of Moon Pies. m! Those are yummy
I'm the Night Elf Mohawk! Nah! It's from Mr. T's WoW commercial.
Celeb Trendspotting: Their Own Jewelry Lines
TOO MUCH! GIVE ME A CENTER!!!
"A ring doesn't plug a hole"
You're pregnant and in the 7th grade? I bet your parents are proud.
Salt-N-Pepa playing halftime of Pistons final home game - vs. Sixers on Saturday, April 26th
Its hot as hell outside
Went from NUNEZ!!!! to WTF NUNEZ quick! lol
You're speakin' my language. Meow! RT you know what they say about a guy with big cartoons
This is a test... Will anyone pass
something is telling me that its going to be pretty fun to watch brady and rodgers throw it all over the yard in a few weeks!
Maybe if he flopped he would get calls, but he is above that. I am sick if flopping being rewarded.
Christian...You Are My Role Model. Follow me Please
Or do you not think so far ahead? Ahead Cause I been thinkin bout forever Oh
nothings wrong.. just as long as you know that someday.. someday somehow im gonna make it alright but not right now
i want to go so bad! Im trying to convince my parents to drive me from texas!
Likes the old myspace better.......
Holy shit G.I. Joe looks so badass
gloomy weather here, but going for a run to make it better!
haha! Probably not necessary.
Did You Know: "Sexy Sadie" was originally titled "Maharishi" John Lennon wrote this about the Maharishi while he was leaving India in 19
Some really nice Pinot Noirs below $20. are MacMurray, Castle Rock, A-Z and Joseph Drouhin, lots more but these pretty consistent.
Congratulations and THANK YOU to Anne Johnson for 1 year of dedication and service to UMKC libraries!
Work time
love and their music!
Congratulations to everyone who received Certificates of Achievement at the Rocky Mountain Aphalt Conference in Fort Collins.
Sportscenter commercial starring the milkman?
maybe it would be better if you would stop calling us bitches
Some of the larger academies provide training courses for instructors also
love my boyfriend too much, with & & !<3333
Second and final, thankfully.
Next week's CLO Breakfast Club in NYC is sold out! Look forward to seeing all 100+ friendly faces on Thursday!!!
Heading to wonderful mercy church. I am stoked as they are big enoch magazine supporters
tell me about it!!!
You're welcome!
Many props to #g1440 for hosting #baltimoreparlay tonight!
Anyone can catch your eye, but it takes someone special to catch your heart. ~Author Unknown
me too, i be like damn wtf you want now
RT : RT : The greatest enemy of man is himself.
#mla12 #s442 New Media, New Pedagogies - I'm sitting at the Twitter table, so I'd better earn my keep.
liked your post - I have had grads who think HR is Sexy & some chg to HR from other disciplines #likedwhattheysaw in class
I'm bursting with Mexican food. But I'm curious to see how he does. My hopes aren't too high.
RT : ": Collins: luck happens a lot, good and bad. Greatness hangs on what is done w it. #JimCollins #WPOConf2012"
Hungry... Ain't had a da* thang all day:(
You're not a fool for being fooled, only if you accept it.
Eric Nassau is hitting the stage....
Looking forward to the #BostonMarathon tomorrow! We're sure the runners could use some refreshing cocktails to cool down after the race..
So what, I'm following you but you're not reciprocating? LOL I mean, it's cool maybe, but you gotta explain it to me.
There are two sides to every argument, but I don't have time to listen to yours
spending all day baking #glutenfree banana bread and pesto before tonight!!
Beasties all weekend long
WOULD LIKE TO SAY WE ARE PROUD MANAGERS OF GREAT KIDS wORKING HARD.
This year I decided to be and imagine whilst I am.
+ NOT happy about seeing #zacbrownband CUT-OFF during ur coverage. Not impressed!
omg! i loved you in the movie super 8 and i loved you even more in R.L. stines the haunting hour series! you were amazing<3
17 days off starts now. I'm coming for you You too
HAPPY GOBBLE GOBBLE DAY :]
Hell twits!;)
thanks for the follow Krysta!! Hope you like our music :)
- Jarrod!! Good to see you on here - Hope all well
This new set we're working on is sounding so crazy. Minds are gonna be blown on June 2nd. BE THERE.
Econmists from right and left agree there is little evidence to show that tax holidays increase economic activity or create jobs.
Hand delivered favors today. Yep, I said hand delivered! In the world of eCommerce, it's nice to be able to put a face behind the website :)
Interested in sponsoring food and drinks for next Thursday's meeting? Let us know! Email .
Baron Davis needs to go for a ride on his Hot Tub Time Machine again
Cool to see that I meet the time qualification standard for guaranteed entry into the Houston half marathon.
On November 5, 1966, during an ambush in Vietnam, Pfc. Baker saved the lives of eight soldiers and knocked out six machine gun bunkers.
Such a doll! Hope you guys have a wonderful weekend!
Hmm... what should we do today? How about move the Media Center staff offices out of Odegaard and into Suzzallo? OK!
Sources for power of self-healing in interconnected world of devices, sensors, desktops, whose abusive uses made us all vulnerable
Could I be a #seriesregular ? FRIENDS send up prayers 4 me... Best
Quitting heroin vs. Recovering from heroin vs. Not doing heroin but drinking constantly vs. Being fat
Hey guys. Add me on skype: RodzVieira
glad you guys enjoyed the article!! Thanks for the follow!
Don't forget to shop on my website for a chance to win a FREE KINDLE FIRE. Shopjoeydiamonds.com for the hottest urban clothing.
keg for sure!
Jump Around would like to wish all the mom's out there a very HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!! May you have a very blessed day!
My smile is like windex got that streak free shine!
“: I have a feeling this is going to be a good year. Welcome 2012. Let's have some fun.” Yeah boy
The our of order header totally just totally made me giggle out loud.
“: RT : Pau on the state of the Lakers: "We've got to be as strong and united as ever."” AMEN!
congratulations lady! So exciting!
Digging #HiddenCity. is kind of rad.
I did not. I burn too easily. I'm a delicate flower.
The Hobbit always makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're producing that into a production too.
21 is the best album I have bought all year!
cuz u guys are awesome! We appreate u guys
you're the best! Enjoy the day!
Tonight @ 6 Come honor the memory of artist Cy Twombly. Speakers include Ann Temkin of and Heiner Friedrich of
Im a gangsta cause i can get that way. Im a gentlemañ cause i love to please the ladiesn all ways they need it.
Well all you can do is wait and see now. No use getting all worked up, I bet you'll be fine <U+2665>
this week it's so long! Lol. Have a good Thursday!
was it taken, or was it left there? BTW are all the LinkedIn bikes pink?
Houston Texans Sign Eddie Pleasant - Autzen Zoo
when are you guys coming to Wisconsin???
3 Dogs! :j
today... was a very good day. thank you, friends. this girl feels loved.
love you too:)
TEXAS!!! FIGHTT!!!!!!!!! WOOOOHOOOOO SUCK IT WE HAVE OUR OWN NETWORK!!!
let's do it!
Holy inbox! It must be Leap Day!
TMRW in Work It: Insights on funding from , of PlanG & Fulcrum Collaborations. All #RVA successes
School in the a.m with him<U+2665>, 30 min. practice then NJHS:) Comment the new pics
Lemme show you how to ride like that.
Yes! ElizaBeth is my lovely wife. I'll tell her we connected.
Learning the rules of snooker from D.M. as we drive along the M4.
Lots of people compare you to Fox News, true story.
Watching the #NFLDraft these last few days. Feel bad for the players going through the process and those not getting picked. #i'msuchagirl
The sound of freedom!!!
I think about doing it regularly...
I too now have a playlist of Terrence McKenna lectures on my iPod. Books of his u recommend?
Heading to play some kickball with and ! Competitive side: engage.
That sounds like a perfect end to a great day to me... ENJOY
I'm wearing your underwear right now
Good morning #Cleveland a lot on the agenda for council today. We'll tweet updates throughout the day.
i mean i just paste all the info from the slides and some from the book onto my sheet. don't know what else i would use
I always give my dad shit for pointing out umpires when he watches games, but when I watch the NBA I only look at the guys handing out water
Check out on www.autismhangout.com . Great job Lorraine!
#MaxnErmastweets #resumetweets RT : Pete stick to bussing tables and seating people...that's what u excelled at!
Congrats on the new gig ! Expecting big things outta Brooklyn from you.
Who in the world would get up at 5am to sit in line for 3 hrs at a new Apple store just for a tshirt? Me!
Surprise! is doing an autograph signing at the Lexus tent at 1:00 today! Double the signing, double the fun
RT Are you a developer, designer or go-getting entrepreneur? Interested in an adventure? Consider applying 4 Bay!
Cash for Candy November 1st 4-6pm! Lets Help the TROOPS!!!
cheer up!! It's #Springbreak!!
are you a lefty?
I can't look at msn until after 830pm lol. Have a blocker on my computer because I tend to read it too much during work lol
Talk about bad luck, one of the 2 days a week I'm not on the NYU campus and is! And with a pompadour nonetheless!
Why are you in my house I hate when random people come over to my house when I am getting ready to relax and watch my shows.
Excited for tomorrow
While I love and appreciate MCA (and the Beastie Boys), I have no intention of listening to them all day just because he died.
no michael and Mr. King is the best !!!!!!!!
I can't wait to see you in 1-2-3 days!
welcome to the twitter world!
In Maryland this weekend? Don't miss 'URFrenz' at the Chesapeake Film Festival in St. Michaels. www.chesapeakefilmfestival.com
white day! Let's just hope I'm correct on this..
How tall is bow wow? He looks really short
and that was meant in a complimetary way...space geeks are AWESOME!!!!!
i will be shooting my first music video in febuary reply to this or send me a DM if you would like to be apart of it
Doom is on Spike TV. Am I the only person who loves this movie?
You saw me prancing around like a girl onstage and youre okay with it??...this will work out just fine!
i feel like you've changed.. so much. i want the old u back. wheres the one i loved?
Suddenly I realize that extending my pinky while doing Kegel exercises is real head-turner.
watching the Blind Side..love this movie!
thank YOU! :)
The ego is fear based & doesn't recognize or understand truth. It's like a small child that requires discipline and boundaries.
When fans are watching a game & talking crap about my dad, I feel like a bad daughter if I don't defend him.
"I have all my self-portraits from middle school, check out the star background on this one" "Die"
just attacked me with a waffle and got butter in my hair
pretty good. Working tryna keep myself busy
Learning from Alabama football. RT Top 4 teams (Kentucky, Syracuse, Kansas, North Carolina) all failed to win conference
Online certification is accepted in Central and South America (min 100 hrs). I taught in Costa Rica, btw!
Taking my gma 2 the hospital :-(
Why has your stock gone from $32 to $5? Maybe your HORRIBLE service? False advertising? Lying and stealing from people?
": me & conversations these past few days > #RealBestfriends (:" I Love You Tiny ! <3333
like Bill Maher said, I'm pro anything that improves my commute...pro-pandemic, pro-zombie apocalypse...
Civil War: Today in 1863, Pres. Abraham Lincoln attended a play--"The Marble Heart," starring John Wilkes Booth, Lincoln's future assassin.
On my way back to the church... ": Where are you located now? Still in Chicago?"
New for summer 2012: key lime, cappuccino, and apple cinnamon lip scrubs. All organic. All food grade. Give ur lips the #creo treatment!
Last blog post for Comm Class Unit 2. I'm such a slacker #MCF11 now time for comments
Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
You showed yo' ass !!!!!!! now u wanna cover up>no mas~
its ok. I'm good.
it's ok Julio I'm fine thanks for asking lol some guy slammed on his breaks in front of me and i did too & slid and hit him
Austin sounds so hot on the radio <3.<3
S/O to my homies in East LA at King Taco! ...
hi Jason! Hope all is well with you! I keep looking for the van on the move :)
Can't spell crap without
with my baby right now =] thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
Girls Can Spend Literally Their Whole Day Thinking About A Specific Guy They Like.
I HAVE MORE FOLLOWERS:) Dont be mad
At #Avengers with
yikes - didn't know you tore your hamstring. boo. hope it heals up quickly. :(
oh baby!
This What I Do!
#ICantStandWhen I can't find a sack! Lol
Still room in my appt book for new haircut customers. Magnolia Day Spa is just awesome... 1.5 miles from Shortpump. Call for appt. 690-0252
Is he my man hell I dont know He act like it when he want to & sometimes he dont. IDGAF to be real anyway I'm out with my cousins having fun
I couldn't make it tonight and track is making it bad but can I mix tues and sunday sessions?
Just tapped Blvd – Rye on Rye Whisky Barrel Aged Ale.
is there a mobile-optimized way to listen?
We aim to please!
**Teaser** Who likes free bumper stickers?
2 projects due this week. And I only started one of them
Thanks to Twitter, it's like I never didn't watch the Grammy's last night.
just watched 'crazy heart'... i forgot how much i LOVE that movie
Here's a question: Are taxpayers paying you to make Goldsmith to look good or to provide as much info as possible? Both?
lol I sure did! There's a ton more... I just can't think of em rite now lol
Tony Stark >
Everybody's talking how I can't can't be your love But I want want wanna be your love Want to be your love, for real
oh my!! I wanna taste that rainbow!
hope you enjoy the bubbly we walked over this morning! Tis the season to #drinkatwork! ()
you're so William Carlos Williams sometimes.
I hate when people try and hide behind their bible!........its much too small! #ISeeYou!
I've just been invited back by SXSW 2011, to be part of their mentor program. Austin here i come...SO super excited
Start with The Week in your newsmag routine. It rocks. Won't necessarily help improve writing, tho, b/c it's round-up style.
#FreeCaulk best thing ever.
Alice, one day I'd like to request that you do an article where you program your own television network. What would it look like?
omg, you changed your name!? :o
I hate rain -__-
Learning a new instrument is a great resolution for 2011!
It blew chunks until came out then died again when he left.
There are about 1000 empty seats.
Worst rock singer ever...Kiedis or Vedder?
Las Vegas Has Beautiful Weather Right Now But I Don't Want To Get Wet When I'm Walking Home>:l
thanks jada! and I am!
At Work: Can't be the only one to note that the day the NYT Mag runs a cover story on the King of the Closers - he blows a save.
well, it won't be happening right away & would be preventing worse (lower body muscle wasting/paralysis, total spinal failure)
Hey Speed07, I here ya guy..I miss work...! lol..Treyin to meet up w/ Mike Woods remote " LIC ( Gantry State PK )...walkin now via feet...!
RT : Our top picks this week include in , , , anniversary:...
2 rebounds, 3 assists. scoring does not equal great, ask Melo.
thank you so much for the kind words! I'm honored to be speaking with you!
Off to the groundlings to act a fool :)
Being sick on caturday sucks :/
#SometimesYouHaveTo ... be the first to bring it to a bitch... you've got to bring ass to get ass...
welcome to twitter! You should follow too!
oh thank jeebus, I didn't want to go back a week earlier
lets chill tofay cause im not doing shit
Hi! We'd be happy to troubleshoot/resolve this for you. Can you send details to ? Thanks!
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Truth is, I have too much going for me to repeat the same old tired cycle. Gets me nowhere. The moral of this story is, change is good.
interesting stuff, thanks for sharing.
You should totes subscribe to because hes amazing :D
likewise David. Looking forward to the interaction. What is the weather like in the UK today
Thank you for the RT <3
Went to a Tennessee Smokies dbl header yesterday. Minor league b-ball at the foot of the Smoky Mountains. Good stuff.
Obama is not the bad guy. He is just following the script the same way Bush did.
AH.. Pro Tools crashes in the final hours of Vocal tuning. Thanks #AVID. I love you too!
Now Playing: CHASING PAVEMENTS by ADELE on Smooth Jazz 98.1 and www.KIFM.com --
it was but it's life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
And if I am I can't be too complicating
aah well im done tweetin now gnight buds love ya:)
thanks for your support!! you rock!
I have tons! I could search my delicious bookmarks. What are you looking for?
We auto follow back and will give you a huge shoutout!
Madden 12 for the iphone is awesome!!!
Thanks for your understanding, Laura. I get them constantly from others. We need a mass password reset on Twitter!
Whitey Herzog is available.
pop music is good for mindless background & group music, or at least it used to be. Now it's just sort of... There, I guess
you too, love! <U+262E>
True or False: Women typically think about food more than twice the amount they think about sex.
Thanks for the amazing food last night! We had such a great time at Harbor House.
When People say, "When I was little I..." And I'm just sitting there awkwardly like, "I still do that..."
Just watched the video of my first fight, it still makes me all nervous<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
i like both of them. chris paul especially.
But he ain't never down... well for me atleast.
only in Miami? CIA flack at career day for elementary school kids!
Tough times for LA basketball.
There are a lot of actors who know how to act. They just don't know WHAT to act.
Good morning, everyone! God is so good because he woke me up this morning to make sure I was able to see it. I thank him for that.
okay, so we seriously just looked up Piggly Wiggly locations and will be buying reusable bags from there on our way back.
why are u telling me to add you on fbook silly? You are already my friend on it :|
Tera to teenager"if u want me to take u out in public again act like r allowed in public":)
thanks for the support. you rock and we love you too!
JOD was a dear colleague. I will miss him terribly.
Health care is one step closer Republicans.
Thanks to got went tanning went tanning went tanning stuck in my head lol....
excited for Sunday!!!! :D
Why does twitter think I want to follow Michael Bolton?
Would pay at least $15 for ice-cream delivery to my bed right now.
Hey Gang! Mention Milwaukee Day today, from now till close, and get $2 High Life!
looking for a way to get a fab #fashion event up on your site happening April 1st. Let me know!
I'm seriously starting to think #Americanidol is rigged >(
Dear , Why must you be so flawless?
why thanks!
given that it will get on the ballot; do you honestly think pension reform won't pass?
What was so erroneous that it got you upset? Let me know so I don't do it again.
No. 4 singles title match has begun: Middleton's Tyler Markel facing Verona's Phillip Rudnitsky.
The polls close in ONE hour! If you haven't already, stop by your polling location & vote Coleman for Columbus!
i sometime want to burst in to tears -_-
The Cult, not the Cure :)
We're currently looking to book a gig with a local Pittsburgh band somewhere that has stage monitors...please retweet this. thnx
when u coming to Chicago ..Baby won't you just stay in my Tyrese voice
You can't go wrong with this double-dip tonight. KG and the #Celtics followed by KD v Kobe. I got Bean Town and the Lakers.
RT If all you care about is making the numbers, you don't care enough.
#TipsForLadies. Standards, if u don't have some then get some.
good luck this weekend!
Women are like cowbells. Really fucking annoying to listen to, but quite fun to bang.
Uhh sure it is! Maybe this will be the last time you hear from me until you get home from work tomorrow :O
before switching to a vegetarian diet my cholesterol was above 280 and i was on meds. now veggie diet+med free+low cholest.
What is it with Southside and Atlantic? This is the second time I've pulled up behind someone with NO brake lights!
thanks, you in town for the weekend?
(St Francis) House Fire @ 2809 E Armour.
USC Neuro-Oncology welcomes to one of our new faculty members -- Dr. Rose Lai. Welcome on board Dr. Lai!
Everyone, 6 AM-- Melody Gardot is being interviewed on CBS this morning; you should all catch it! :) <3melody<3
I'd love to! How's the writing going?!
#Oomf fake af damn , & she was saying she was the realest ;
Most alien abduction stories are a direct result of the popularity of the Croc Hunter series w extraterrestrials.
YES! Check out and her new book, "Star-Spangled Sailors" this fall!
thanks for all the bday wishes! looking back at it all, I have to say...after everything thats happened... "Must Keep On"
Maybe... Either way, you should definitely enter!
cute, i like that.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune
Thanks for the RTs!
He makes more in a month that 80% of us do all year.. I always say "live within your means" ..that goes for NFL players too
I'm the bailman for all celebs in LA. I must be good.
Missing everyone at home more than ever. I'll be home soon, but not soon enough x
RT "It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are" #quote e.e. cummings
now that's original!! Thank you
I think he's in...in hindsight, maybe he should've been in last night, because he has the chance at last "word" if he scores
All hard work brings profit; but mere talk lead only to poverty!!! ~Warren Buffet
Follow me! is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating!;)
My sister isn't on Twitter but hey, what the heck. Happy Birthday Heather!
How can you fool the public ? #
im hungry and still n bed wish i had a good girl who would make me breakfast to arise to the aroma of pancakes bacon eggs and biscuits <3
We don't want to take the golf ball off the table but we're not giving that any serious consideration right now - Hootie Johnson
If the Chargers have a successful season and SD gets on the bandwagon, will it affect Mayor's race?
Daily Show wins again, yawn
At the shop gettin my hair whipped.
Google claims that Android is activating more than 200,000 devices per day. www.zesmo.com
Looking forward to the Society Showcase tonight! Over 500 #Georgia #Tech Professionals!
send me your coordinates and I will the tweet you the hell out of there
oh my god Emma I owe you big time for this thank you so much
Congrats sean for winning the street league!!! :)
Love this song/album.
I had a dream i dated harry potter!?!?!! Has anyone else uad this dream?? RT if you have i dont want to be
Another lies told huh
#parctice nd you get #perfection #TeamNASTY #TeamnastyBoyz we the shit I'm tired but wont stop
A little heartbroken! I can't really believe it... #howcouldthishappen U-23's draw w/ El Salvador... It was a great comeback for both sides!
Tebow Time didn't hit midnight... It met Bill Belichick!
maybe this is wishful thinking
me too
": lol! Where's the Gladys Knight's sweet tea maker?! EMERGENCY/ (grabs ski mask n rope)"<-*leaves wrk and joins u*
Rondo is a beast.
Laying in bed thinking , still want you more then ever
we can go this weekend
Because we all love a good deal, right? What's Next DC is offering friends of HubSpot 25% off the registration price
I know what you mean.....Sorta depressing....lol
7 out of 10 new businesses started by women.80% of all purchasing decisions made by women-Ctr for Women’s Business Research
love that picture
but are there cupcakes?
Toddler to distinguished dinner guest: "what color panties do YOU wear on Sunday?"
Oh, so you're sleep tweeting, right?
Christopher get it together!
Thank you for the kind #FF!
Playing with the Cokes and Ray
yup! Now I have to get ready for the assessment next month.
very nice. Miss the old days
ditto the question - I'd like to upload my Palm contacts
yeah I'll need a jacket soon for sure! I usually find running clothes at target... What about you?
Can't wait for our visit from this afternoon!
just confirmed the date today, FEB 13TH!!
Russians always retaliate. One of their many faults as professional hockey players.
Made one bet... Thought my horse won but I was looking at the wrong number
Don't forget to check out tomorrow night on SNL with
Chillen eatin pizza with tha momma before I get ready for spring break day 1 :)
I'm so jealous
Waiting for that response <<<<
its not me, i keep getting them as well... Its bs
image by kevin in - 28 to go
So good. I wish I could live that day a few more times.
my own apartment and a stable job would be nice right about now.
your a little smart ass
I would have skydived outta that mofo.
Gotta watch that monorail!
Hahahahaha a mess
NBA Playoffs Schedule And Predictions For Sunday Action
its flying around the county dropping shit on other people
The difference between going house to house in East Aurora & Fallujah: in EA they greet me w/a piece of pie. In Fallujah, not so much.
Lol, can't wait!
even tho we lost today Knicks has been my team for a long time... Im liking the progress they're making with Lin in the mix
On the cool, golden boot closer.
Adele is SO adorable! Lovely, heartfelt reaction to her Grammy sweep.
Expresso to the face
yeah, everything is great at our house. We haven't had a bit of trouble.
Alright dudes, is playing tomorrow in Garland at Dance FX around 7pm. Go get your crunk on.
Been staring at the word "before" long enough that it doesn't look like a word anymore. Questioning it's spelling.
RT "Tonight I will see Hamlet. You might have heard of it. It's a play about white people."
We're displaying all our latest titles in the field of International Law at #LSA11. Come visit us at the book exhibit!
Half time: Bees 194 Elm city 18
Back from Church.
Called the Post Office this morning and the guy answered, "YO!"
Americas Got Talent WINNER TAKE ALL! winner to be announced in just a few minutes
Hey thanks for the message. I'll get back to you after I talk to Akbar!
I was expecting, "I hate you." Your response was so much better! The days you can't think are the worst so good luck!
no lol, today we had a substitute who i really don't like since she was the substitute for ms.raubolt the whole 3rd queater
"Falcon" the balloon boy lives!
Back to work after the Easter celebrations.
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone! Stay safe!
they want 1600 for the USED stingray. it just not meant to be.
If you haven't discovered Dessa yet, go check her out now!
Looking forward to meeting Dwight Childs at tonight's Mudcats game and taking his bat off his hands.
so fresh, so clean
Mcdonaldss<333 i feel so fat! but fuck it man.
My outlook on life is "donuts."
Yep, it's not cool. Haha, I'm s Boston sports fan
hahahaha!! Thanks bro. I really want the sun..
Hey can not make it. Wife has doctors appts set up. 33 wks pregnant, getting busier than I thought. Have fun, sorry can't hang!
Thanks for the tweet! Hope you enjoy the deal!
Roll over accident on 160th and stark
you are so going to a bigger, better place! There are a bundle of teams calling your rep right now I bet.
Can u tell this guy Eddie why he blocked me
the more i hear about it, the angier I am getting!
i've had the same thought, but that didn't stop me from playing 2 hours of xbox after lunch today.
Happy Holidays & Thank you 2 everyone who donated during our MSPCC toy & food drive!
watch out for these guys, they are coming Strong!!!!!!
you are on the right side of history
hahah evil face and laugh ......... perfect combo
Weekend. Seattle. Sunshine. Can it get any better?
Me too, I'm a big fan.
Pats vs. Ravens. Can't watch, updates on my phone. Sounds like a war.
I'll go out to buy red bean and sticky rice for red bean gruel
Trying hard not to complain about the fact that my office is open on MLK day. But seriously?! The damn stock market is closed! Opps....
Hope the plan to buy an oil refinery works. Love it when businesses take risks and know no boundaries.
thunder keep on winnin
Rodeo bulls r inbred to make them more crazy ... Smh that's just so wrong!
DailyHookahTip#146: Try placing a glow stick in the vase of the #hookah if you are interested in experiencing a cool lighting effect.
sounds good man. Have fun in the sun!
thx! kinda fun every now and then. easier when its your choice to ride in shite. the pros have to train in that.
Been so busy, I forgot twitter even existed. So much new stuff in the works
Not sure... they could even be unlinked issues & the timing coincided. I wonder what & think?
Up with the sun and running the web does not design itself...breakfast on deck have a great day...people...
I<U+E022>Jesus
Graham Elwood on #nerdistpodcast was eye opening and inspiring. Good job
When the gov shuts down we'll hear at least one Rep suggest that things are running fine without the gov and that it shouldn't be restarted.
yup and niggas was lying talking bout Alicia did a good job I'm like maybe we weren't watching the same show.
ok well it's almost over kids!!!
(= is it stupid how of because it reading stop 2 late 2 be it'll,this get u time the by (read it backwards=)
everyday is breakfast sandwich day. EVERYDAY.
Featherlocks from goes to....
in social studeis we played a game and we played the song what makes you beatiful.
If you don't like us at www.facebook.com/MadroneSF you're missin out. Specifically, on our photos, events, posts, and likes
. Clothes or booze? :)
great post. TYVM
It's hard to even articulate how worried I am right now. I need a hug and a drink, I think...
haven't looked at it/ read it yet hahaha
Fun Fact: Every Year, kids in North America spend close to half a billion dollars on chewing gum.
Have fun! And look for Ashland on the right; that's where I go every day. Plus, you might even see our minivan at Lindenwold!
over 3 they goto service, most parents bring stuff for kids to do (coloring books, toys, iPad, etc)
I made it like just this week haha and I will! Sorry we haven't been able to get together for shopping I have been so busy
Gotta pay AT&T, but the best wireless plan is prayer. Just remember prayer without action is just day-dreaming :)!
Kenya said SHUT UP VALENCIA LOL!!! x Get OFF Twitter!
Thanks for the unsolicited advice. Some people might call it spam.
1234567898765432(: and follow back?
cheeeeea and next week is graduation. They just won nationals!
I hate to be a total cheese ball but I'm having one of those moments where I feel incredibly blessed & grateful.
is back! Let the trolling begin!
#Paul Shrug is following me, How cool is that?
RIP Steve Jobs. :-(
he passed on Sept 11, 2011 from cancer at age 39!
It's just very unusual to see goalies alternating in the playoffs. Normally one guy takes the reigns unless injury or poor play
Did you come wish us a Happy 10th Anniversary last night? Did you enjoy it?
On the other hand, I really was first in. BY THE WAY these run big! I got M assuming it would actually be XS and it is L!
- Man, I love Daniel Ledwell's cover of Money City Maniacs -- thank you for playing it!
It's awe-inspiring that I can be away at a conference and still connect with my students.
Too much NFL news to handle all at once...
": Man these snares sound like they are falling in the beat. #Knockin"
About to go exercise... got a bitchin' playlist to motivate me..
great to see you supporting the guys on the bench, maybe you are the lucky charm! hope you come back stronger than ever!
Never been so tired in my life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
I'm going to sleep
We're on the hunt for your product here in Chicago. Any tips?
When I worked in the ad business for the 'BIG Guys", I never once saw results like these...even for businesses paying upwards of 6k/month
Ordered Chinese food and faked a British accent. Why am I so cool? Lmaaoo :')
Well David Tennant, tonight we say goodbye… ‘The End of Time: Part One & Two’ starts right now!
The best things in life are actually pretty freaking expensive.
Got the ac on damn rite lol
Performing at Fox Hollow in houston tonight with 7:30-9:30
Happy birthday! Been a huge fan since seeing you beat Sioux Falls all by yourself way back when.
I'll tell you bout the Kevalution
All the streets around the one on which I live are hyper-gang-active, but my street's fine!
That'd be a wonder to find an NHL game on out here. It's like NHL no man's land in the PNW.
Premier League Finals Man City v QPR at 7am on Sunday morning! Come watch !
Intelligence is the capacity to bring the future into the present, so that you can act on it instantly. That's analytics, by IBM.
I want to call someone out, but am starting to feel bad for him. Look in mirror, #sportsbiz peeps. It's not rocket science. We're lucky.
haha. No, I always love to hear from viewers :)
Follow me on my new twitter
Positive meeting with Congressman Cleaver's staff on federal and state charter school issues for
Luxury Hotels are cheaper with a a bedside nurse and on call Doctor!
"Sorta" becuause your public twitter account will always be linked. It's public, after all.
Jahlie??? I called you about your melt down. I love you.
In just a few hours is closing its doors to the public to celebrate #ATasteofFashion!
I like it Craig! Cool concept
Last day of PSY class and I still can't spell it lol
Who is the expert on The Gale Directory of Publications and Broadcast Media?
I understand what you're saying.
good morning ...
Happy birthday !
nothing much, been out with my friends and stuff like that wbu? :)
Where are the Occupy Schools protests ? Where is the outrage about letting over 6M kids drop out of HS. Come on pitch a tent.
Oh, and congrats!
You got that right, Starlight!!!!!
I agree, in a lesser role he can thrive, so why is he the starter oppo Marshall? Not a lesser role
Join the Sailabration to celebrate The War of 1812. The Navy is going out into the community to do service project.
i love you! #BeliebingUntilMyHeartStopsBeating !Please Never ever forget about your #beliebers ! <U+2665> I , we , love you so much !
Very interesting sparrow you have there! :-)
An early Happy 2010 to you all. Houston's worth it mainly because of its people. A mostly fine, decent, good tempered bunch.
It takes the ENTIRE ATL team to tackle Chris Ivory!
Therefore Fall and Winter are the result of Demeter mourning Persephone's absence from Earth.
Freaking hilarious tonight! Thoughts?
are gonna have a meet and greet here tonight and I can't go!!!!!:(((
We want to thank you for always sending customers our way. Thanks!
if yr article goes out of its way to diss me then why the fuck u atting me, bro? please go fuck yourselves forever and die
thank you for the follow
I don't know why, but for the past week, I've been having some crazy ass dreams. Not that I'm complaining
Can't sleep b/c I'm so excited to experiment with a another new all natural lotion formulation I came up with. I'm truly a formulista! :-)
Good ain't good enough
old copy I will send that to you. message me your email again please :)
and they can't count lmao
Will you be my girlfriend? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.
I won an ebook from I'll let you know what I think. If it's anything like the cover art I am hooked!
Happy Birthday Mom - 86 years young!
If you're free anytime this weekend let me know!
Drought! Place the hose about 2-3 feet from the trunk in section one and let the water soak into the ground for about two hours,
Hey, remember me? We were bestfriends when you were single.
What lights up a football stadium?A football match!
Good! I believe in you! You are a warrior goddess! You are a fearsome time lord!
And. La kings got a good player at the trade deadline
Why can't I read people?
cnt sleep ugh
Scott Walker is a joke.
nigga one of my dawgs came to get me and she was like no you have to be with him when he first scans his card I was like wtf ?
Oh really?
my life is one big nigga moment .
know your role and shut your mouth jabroni
Low trust erodes confidence.
Eating. Then going to watch Bad Teacher. (:
Don't forget about the one that #Braun should have had last year, but face planted rounding third
yo add me on the 2k12 nba xbox 360 if you think u can beat the champ kb the beast24
lmao you'll end up on youtube or somethin :p
peek a boo I'm rite hurrrrrr.
Walmart gets scary so much earlier in West Virginia :O
I HATE BOYS ALL BOYS R DICKS EXCEPT and those 6 boys r not DICKS, I LOVE THEM BOYS...
U don't get y its so important ti me and its pointless tryin to explain it when ur drunk
#EventTips Make sure the purpose for your event is important enough to merit the time and expense needed to properly execute your idea.
“: ight i got chu as soon as I make it up dhere” Kaeee : )
I KNOW. You'd think you deserve more exclusivity.
Not a bad thing. The man can talk.
Grammar: the difference between knowing your shit & knowing you're shit.
here is a little tip for the future the next time someone hates on you, you reply with TROLOLOLOL lol :)
Craig Hatkoff at #ideaseconomy: took 17 years for medical profession to adopt stethoscope. What are we unwisely resisting?
Oh no! RIP Maurice Sendak :,-(
I wish you would Open your eyes an see what's really in front of You
So when are the Goo Goo Dolls going to open for Lady Gaga? I could see it now, the Goo Goo Gaga Tour! Lol
Are you fucking kidding me?! That award should have gone to #Adele or !!! #TaylorSwift does not deserve it.
I will be watching boss
In case you don't want to watch #theoscars, come check out my Improv show! Sunday, February 26 at 4:30pm Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre
Gotta love Mondays.
I don't get how people can be angry all the time?
U mama s... ACHHHOOO DAMN it interrupted what I was Gunna say <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
oh you mean reviewers. True. Apologies. But none have mentioned it. I call shenanigans. Hype and money are winning.
come see the closing performance of "The Weed Show" 2night at the Mackenzie Theater in Los Angeles, 2907 N. Maini St. starts 8:30 pm ! Fun-e
Ok ok *caves in to non-existent pressure* I will begin avidly searching for Living Violet, I'm excited to read it =)
Leaving the UW over Spring Break? You can still stay involved by contacting ! We will be running virtual phone banks, etc.
OK, I will say it since no one else is. I think Prezi looks cool, but is mostly just flashy, not better than other preso software used well.
cold beer & cunts, happy Sunday
In Neil Perlin's session on Single Sourcing to the Max: HAT Mobile to....?
[I had no desire whatsoever to watch the #goldenglobes -Mais DUJARDIN!!!!!!!!]
it is way too early for all-star voting, It's already a borderline popularity contest; delay voting to emphasize 1st-half performances
ill be watching you timmy good luck go get em
DC really needs to get their stuff together. They nailed Batman thanks to Nolen, now fix Superman and GLatern.
"We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools." -MLK Remembering Martin Luther King Jr today, his born day.
The Black Power Mixtape this Saturday at 2.
tried a few times but it didn't work out :( some strange things going on in my css - not sure if it relates to google webfonts etc
Another Record Label will be added to the Transform family tomorrow.
WHERE ARE THEY?! "The worst are full of passionate intensity while the best lack all conviction."
High breed music
Monday is the same presentation, different location. If your sched. allows, come to the first class Tuesday or in May
#The Edge OfGlory
Enough hours in the day
yep yep :)
happy easter sele :)
30day Free Trial. Text Polls, Text-2-Win, SMS- Mobile Alerts, Mobile Coupons. U R 1 kywrd away from instant & direct contact w/ur customers.
make yesterday's ceiling, today's floor - steve jones
I want to see a picture!
How do you fix a broken website?With stick e-tape.
for dinner tonite! Dreaming about the Freaky Edamame!
Maybe next time we should just do a combined event; bacon, bourbon, wine and social media. Who doesnt love that?
so does iron man.
morning bro
picked up your 1st album on vinyl finally on way back to dc. Great record. Thanks for making it
Details and length of court documents make up NFL news right now. Please 8th circuit - make a decision already and force a settlement
She has the most expressive face. And Meredith is not all botoxed out in season 3.
Wow. I guess I can wait :)
#custserv RT : When employees become sharers of knowledge rather than sellers of products, customers respond.
Dharun Ravi was an ADULT in college who KNEW BETTER than to film his roommate in a private situation.
Salsa rocks my boots.
My Brithday (Happy)
Lord Jesus, help us to focus on the eternal and not the temporary.
Yes. Non-theatre specific sites is hard to compete with the CPM that big brands will pay. But if companies come together, possible.
Happy Happy Thanksgiving .....I wish I had a Indian Outfit to run around in lol......
oh. You mean it's your neighbors.
21+ Grand Opening of Infusion Lounge inside CityWalk tonight! Hit me up ASAP for bottle service, bday bookings & list
1 dead, 3 injured in poker game shootout Harris County USA
wonders if Adam Yauch ever sang any holiday tunes?test ifttt
Iwant to keep tweeting :)
Are you guys talking about nekkid stuff? Because that seems fine for late night Twitter.
Checking something here send me a tweet please
After this morning's bacon conversation, I was willing to take what I could get.
Crap. Wrote something down wrong and am way off-route.
no fun how long you intown
Got somethin I think you guys might like lol
I have 5 finals tomorrow. Losing hope.
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED come on
I don't understand some things.
Love seeing/hearing Snapper calling part of the game,
TEXT VOTE TO 5704. VOTE FOR ELISE TESTONE PLEASE!
Supporter speakers currently outnumber opponents 25-6
Going to go eat with the best friend at olive garden for her birthday! Love you
making a print of my photograph "Concrete Blocks" for the Spring exhibition The Project Lodge
Today @ 5 PM (PST) Call (323) 203-0815 to talk to Jim Beaver AKA "Bobby Singer" from the hit TV show "Supernatural." Site: latalkradio.com
I want one
That so warms my heart!!!!
Golf here I come!
What the hell is a mexican wave? Is it anything like a mexican halloween?
you're awesome!
Interested! But unable to start until after grad. in May. Should I hold off on applying until closer to available start date?
I dew get it I 4gt tha lhh part
how about a better error page next time?
Loretta got married at that age, and she was married for 48 years!
for real? RT : I'm sitting 8 rows behind Molly Ringwald at the Pabst.
you, sir, were the first to break the Obama news on my Twitter stream.
Chicago may have the pizza but Denver has them hands down on great beer.
We all need affirmation. Kind, loving words bring comfort and joy to our souls, help us grow, and we can become more compassionate people.
Fully aware of what was shown on last episode. Said with well intentions: She NEEDS to be in top 2!
I hate when I'm having a perfect dream... then I wake up and realize it's not real:(
#FF - Fitness friends. Please give a follow. He is hitting it hard! Doing great!
nice shoes!
And there is the #TigerWoods we know of the last 2 years. Wheels are falling off.
New job title: Relationship Expert. RT : An expert is a person who has made all of the mistakes possible in a specific field.
Twitter people say the darndest things!
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.-Winston Churchill
make sure you really want it before you get it.
Being happy with my baby makes me okay with being tired at work
Enjoy everything while you can!
what time is the mummies concert Saturday and where are they playing?
Nothing like locking down that groove in the pocket with a good Drummer. Got to have that
I think I found an equivalent for boston's cardullo's: bay cities in santa monica :)
RIP michael jackson !
there is no way a muslim can watch 'Spartacus' and not be aghast at the hypocrisy of western society
Second Show tonight at Club Gemini with and going to be fun
and there goes a TEXT MESSAGE
Nope, Love the Job. How's spamming? RT : Hate your job? I did to so I started my own business...
Got my copies, 13 damn dollars -.-
Let's go Celtics!
stop lying yu no I be listening x yu aint tell me sht
both are against the man code!
All the talk about Aaron Craft and he fucks the game for us....not eating mac n cheese tonight...
best lunch i've had in 4 months! ;-)
feel free to try your luck against your undefeated uncle.
That awkward moment when someone puts up a "that awkward moment" tweet that isn't even close to being awkward....
he must have seen the Ray J video 1 too many times
Do you follow back?
I want to make a Facebook account and name it Nobody so that when I like some post, it would say Nobody Likes This.
thank you! it doesn't get much better than this :)
voting closes at 11pm central, results announced 3 pm fri.
Andrew Bynum has the worst body language in the NBA... He'll never be good until he gets rid of that...
Ok, well don't tell him it's gone! I'm going to give it to him as a Christmas gift. So sweet, I know.
I slick do miss him!
your bundle editor is throwing "Syntax error, unrecognized expression: 3", derailing my ability to edit text on links.
Leopard Cub
: Don't always go for the guys who can sweep you off your feet. Because believe me, they can drop you on your ass just as fast.
Im a bitch and I know it but that don't give anyone the right to say it
sounds like you just need more spaces. I'm assuming your on a Mac I may have the same issue with spaces though, is 6 too many? :)
they look like aliens right about now lol
happy monday everyone!! working away searching for #health and #wellness #products to be featured at our next event this summer. -PB
Let's go
#RecallWalker has been a long time coming, but it's coming.
Kickin' it At the Casa Bored A/F
Recently got & followers...WOO
Mine got dinged for retweeting. I'm sure it's gotten worse since then. Either that or now I'm just more self-aware of retweets.
“: The death of America is signified by all the people who can't talk having talk shows.”
Runny nose, plugged ears, achy, sneezy n occasional cough.. Blah
You better be sleep boy, don't make me come down there and whip your little Cyclops ass
Thanks Liz....You officially pissed me off today by treating my friend like crap.
Our brand new song "The Hidden Harbor" premieres today across the interweb. Have a listen now! www.therubbishzoo.bandcamp.com
Good morning!! Hope everyone has a day full of culture and experiences they are not accustomed to
I will lol with you.hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahaha
Happy #FF to some of our fav artists!
If you don't risk anything, you risk even more. -Erica Jong
Waking up in the middle of the night screaming and crying <<<<< #thisneedstoend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Here's to the directioners that see One Direction as "Those 5 idiots on the stairs" rather than "The biggest boyband in the world."
if you're near Pico and Berrendo, Dino's has a hefty Pastrami for like 5 bucks.
The snow is coming down hard here in Golden.
Cassie should make new songs i really miss her songs :(
I have a weekly doughnuts and coffee break. Friday morning everyone on my team has breakfast together. It's popular and cheep.
I haven't tried swype but I can't imagine it would be much better for me. Typing on screens raises my blood-pressure.
Where is everyone going for Winter Restaurant Week? How do you feel about the new $35 price?
"Fill in the bubble for ur gender. If u don't know, go to the bathroom to check."
wonder what i'd have to do to convince to go along with a spontaneous deal...
i have followed
Water plays an important role in weight control
whats going down everyone, we're getting ready for this show comming up on sat, getting the word out, hope to see you there
Jersey Shore Season 4
i love them omfg are you kidding me
Stoked on metal bikes keeping #bmx rock n' roll.
Was on PS3 last year, I think XBox this year. AppleTV can't be far off.
much appreciated. Figured I would start with a simple data set to focus more on the site functionality and design.
He came out in favor of same sex marriage.
And after that you gotta go, cause you ain't my wife :)!
The official Laly! We big fans here
#intelligentsia OMG! I need one of those NOW!!
not after the game... Cus he threw the ball up without knowing if hed make it or not... With his back turned.! He made it.!(:
Economic security or continued abuse it's not a choice ask to stand up for florida's families by supporting HB1083
you damn right its a damn shame
#RemarkableRunners Mom is pushing her 4 yr old son with cerebral palsy in his wheelchair - "each day is a gift"
Last day of school yay! All ready!.
my apartment got broken into
Truth them boys can't hang John Wilkes in that booth i shoot from point blank range.....
Eating dinner at Famous Daves in Everett with Monica, Andru, Alijah and Veronica.
Quality win from Manchester United today, even with a hodge podge squad. Some days Sir Alex just gets it right!
omg his braids looks cute and thats a throw back way back
Lulled to sleep by ribbits and raindrops. I think spring is coming.
I wish I owned a pair of PF Flyers
Wyclef Jean running for President of Haiti. Thoughts????
U can't 4get Kurupt was from philly though.. 2Pac was baltimore I think? WestCoasters now though
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do. ~ Mother Teresa
Say hi to your trumpet player Slim for me.
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW
How cute is Gladys Knight?
All Time Low < 3 Alex!!!
Expanding the apparel printing & embroidery biz again! Demand requires it. Happy Monday indeed.
Yay! Thank you! Hope you enjoy it. :)
Spose they'll say former Sparty Nick Foles is a joke, too? *kidding*
wow, you really stretched to get there didn't you?
Madison, happy birthday! Guess who else is there birthday? Its ME!!!!!!!
RT : Headed to India next week - Hyderabad for most of the trip with 1 nt in Agra and 2 nights in Delhi. Any tips? So exciting!
rest up.
wow wow wow wow YOU GOT A TWITTER!!!!! holy shit I just died ah #FollowHer you just made my life :))))
WAITING FOR DA SUN TO GO DWN TIME TO SET DET LATE NITE MONEY BRING IN FRIDAY AN STILL CRANK THRU OUT DA WEEKEND GET MONEY PARTYIN
i said the same thing
#hump day... and i feel horrible!
I like #. :) : There needs to be a way to express the excitement/happiness level between a period and an exclamation point.
Town hall December 6th @ John Jay College in the Admin Conference room during community hour.
Almost finished with the report. Damn UofL fans fault. They suck
no matter if ppl try to bring up.my past n hold it against me I KNOW Christ has tranformed my life n I am a new creation!
uses to route and plan his walk across the country. Pretty cool!
<====FollowMeBack so i can shot you out lol
i need a graffiti artist!
Someone should text me.. DM for the #
got a betsey johnson bag aw yeah
Apologies don't fix broken hearts ..
Having a sister sucks, you gotta worry too much... Lucky me I have 3.
lol just got retweeted by Nathan best day ever <U+270C>
RT : so glad I got to see you tonigt hope you had as much fun as I did! Thanks! #yourock right back atcha superstar
almost hit a car while tweeting their bumper sticker ahahahahah
Haha my notes from topics: "US firms make a shitton of money from cuba = non independent Cuba = USA boss bitches" HAHAHAHA
This is your brain on music. Missed this, but aim to find the video.
Reminds me of a Maria Bamford bit about a lady ordering "a cup of steaming hot water . . . with ice."
I<U+FFFD>d rather walk alone, than chase you around
that's ok)
Cabin in the Woods time.
how'd the scouring go?
***PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT*** Its #HappyHour Milwaukee, you know what to do!
Yes my clippers won!!!
im here
Doughty, Quick lead LA Kings past Blues 4-2 in Game 3, to brink of unlikely series sweep
WHEN IS YOUR ALBUM COMING OUT??????
Whoops. Didn't realize that Tide doesn't have same parent company as Clorox. (Does it?) Meant to be a compliment to your extended team.
Heading back to the city finally!
hey i am a huge fan of your music, it would mean alot if you followed me back. =)
Not a bad item on your bucket list. The fountains are beautiful!
Anthro Professor: "We're designed to die at age 40 when our teeth rot out. The biggest enemy to evolution is not religion, it's dentists."
Happy Birthday!
Thanks for getting sick!!:P
look at you rhymin like a gangsta!!!
Thanks for giving us something worth the RT! Keep up the good work!
The first three episodes of #TheMuppetShow feature Muppet versions of the guests.
“: you girls have lots of fun!”/You know we will ;) Save bail money ;)
This conversation about the galaxy is making me hungry! I'm so hungry I could eat a planet!!!
What a DAY.. rehearsed with David Kroll band.. pulled some pretty mean pranks... rehearsed with Zasz... long rehearsals.. tired hands.
. Been any activity for Brackett or Clark?
Bay Area fans! I'm an intern at - Text 22997 by requesting "Disaster" & "Sexy To Me" RT this to spread good music! :)
Love and loyalty...... Can't get any better...
Everyone in the library is going to hate me in about 30 seconds. Printing a 60 page document.
Sum 41-m/
Good morning!
Today is the new AD's first day. Julie is going around telling everyone that this is a very hard day for her. and crying.
I remember the great article you did on Bobby way back. In the studio w/ him tonight showing him twitter. He says "hi"
Just tried FF and it works fine now.
Ah I love dachshunds! You can't help but smile when you see them. RT "dachshund" is german for "joke with 4 legs"
you are awesome 'cause you are a child of God! Heir to the Kingdom KWIM?
#iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo the grown man that busted his a$$ running in JFK airport. (simpsons voice)
Just realized the dip I was dipping my carrots into has carrots in it. It feels wrong for some reason...
how about no jk (; lol I live in California (:
what fun stuff is everyone doing this weekend?
The ripple effect of this will lead to the Sox getting shutout. RT RT Royals to start Chen on opening day
Have the right attitude. #winning ;)
Energy Independence won't come at all if we don't follow a balanced approach that includes proven energy sources.
anytime :) Enjoy!
As the BLUE son sets...let us remember and honor the legacy by wearing colts blue on tomorrow...
#WhatIFindAttractive hair sweaters, blue eyes, angst, fog, biting lips, lips being bitten, emotional connection, thin Lizzie, v-necks
5:30 TONIGHT: Tour Mercy Medical Center's new OB/Pediatrics wing RSVP to 4 details.
Three cops following each other..
Think we'll keep our diff domain, since the focus is diff, too, but thanks. I'll let you know! Non-OSU welcome too. :)
It's Patty Chase! I love her haircut!
you cared enough about Tiger to tweet about him. Sometimes villains are good for sports.
I wont cry. Just sit silently . Finally received the final hit . Now I see its time for me to move on
What's happening at the Harvard libraries??? Massive restructuring and layoffs. Chaos. Follow #hlth for info .
Luv #TheVoice previews! RT : She's a very pretty woman, she just looks like a tranny clown 2 often with all the makeup.
You're welcome! :)
Hello, #Wrestlemania was AMAZING! I'm still hyped. #OnceinaLifetime Monday Night Raw here I come.... :-D
Your creativity lies in your self worth. When you know how valuable you are, you are able to recognize all of the ways you are creative.
“: We All know a Tramp named Ashley.” LMFAO! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Is fully lactated
you're lucky you don't also get texts on that thing.
To quote one of my family members: The #eagles, stick a fork in them, they're done!
yea right... I wouldn't want to tell the REAL story.
Thanks for the #techweek play by play. Especially like the comments!
now that you've chosen what to have for dinner, what's next on the agenda?
whats rodneys number we need a room and their booked up
I'm back!
Almost got brainwashed by the smell of bacon.
Go to work, not a minute of rest for you....lol!
songs dope man im feelin it the video could be better but the track is hard
This is a very close series but Nashville has been able to win games when not playing their best...and that has been a big key
What does #FreedomofSpeech mean to you?
Enjoy “10 Minutes” I hope you feel it was time well spent reading #Book combines my twin loves for #homeless #shelter & media
Keep us in the loop too and keep up the good work!
follow he's an amazingSinger
He is!
no worries!
Tampa Appliance Repair All Appliance Masters Online Service - dryers prices
Oh Dear!x
you think? Lol I'd have a countdown started months ago ;)
Sun Chips>
What's your favorite place in the USA to travel to and why?
Err.. Xcode. Ha!
When life gives you lemons, sell them and buy Taco Bell
Classic! Y'all look like a remake of Tombstone! Ha!
else but it would sound reaaallllyyyy bad, and there's no better way to put it, so I'm gonna DM you now hahahhaa xD
PickUpLine: Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
Digging for kryptonite on this one way street.
already we're the next weekend
It doesn't matter how rich or poor you are were all the same were born the same and we all die the same 6 feet under in a coffin Be real
Sitting on set w/ and listening to yell " quiet on set! Rolling!"...it's like being home again
The first half ends. Score 0-0. Primarily a defensive game near midfield but both sides generated opportunities. Time of possession equal.
Thank you so much, Dear. Be blessed today.
#safewayj4u Geo targeted for you location plus store and manufacturer coupons also includes your past shopping history for best results.
That shit makes you sleep like a bear.
Welcome home! Thanks for checking in
It's 15 degrees in Dallas and are recording their show outside?
I'ma b in Milwaukee, when u leavin
Listening to CEO, David Boyce speak at
RT are absolutely out of their minds&also the sweetest men on earth.Have them on to dance with you!
Hey check out
Genie in a bottle <3
you could just find a boy
THREE MORE DAYS TILL NO MORE CLASSES WOO!
I think Sarge and I should go cheer some friends on at the finish line.
Love that girl<3
HATE Miami
DAMN! Halo 4's new boxart is godlike. One of the best looking boxart's ever!
Tho I'll concede that those 30 min. shows as well as hourlng GOOD WIFE are inasense serials with longer arcs than old sitcoms+drmas
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 1
Jerk just told me to shut up, no room to be an ass in this community buddy
Glass of mascoto is how you start the night off.. Vibe mood.
Hong Kong Milk Tea: Assam Sewpur Estate black tea steeped in milk and sugar, this is a bold and sweet treat, available both hot or iced.
jump jump jump jump
I don't have time to be on hold bro.
looking forward to hearing you speak tonight at 5:00
I know, the term is a little loose but fuck it.
sucks about d rose i know you love your bulls almost as much as black women.
Clearing out old searches Westercon
lmao sara we r gonna die being wasted and walking in heels and dresses haha
What do I get if I win?
Oh, and my I think she had to hear me sound like a ridiculous man/monster the longest.
Thanks for the tweet!
nobody enjoys
Its starbucks time
I'll make sure Jenn and I get in plenty of trouble.:)
send me a link
haha I know!! I guess we just don't have class at the same time. I'm feeling a little mtsu trip soon...
ha! You and your computer are bffs. :)
the one who has enough money to fight until California. That would be Mitt Romney if he doesn't win anything.
If you dyed it Easter egg colors, maybe. (Don't bother me w/ historical facts about dyes or fashion; it works in my mind.) ;)
lol idk if I want to spend money on another stupid movie lol
Something weird is going on in the water by the Fauntleroy dock. Lots of cops and a fire truck. Anyone?
"What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered." Ralph Waldo Emerson
JustKristi "the fat that has a team" - Are you disparaging Wegmans?
I tried to send girl vibes. But she has 3 daughters and 1 son, so it'll balance it out a little more. :)
I know! I'm serious. It's pretty cool. Except when you drive up in the middle of the movie and miss half of it lol
#MAU's Are you looking for additional training in #Makeup Artistry? is the place! Call us today 248-477-5548
I shall ready the chicken coop for ya.
....i just couldn't fit that last "s" in there at the end of the username... ;)
deciding to not tip toe through life safely is what I did on my road to
Please vote No on #PIPA and #SOPA. It will affect more than just pirates. Please listen!
Congrats! & YAY RT Eagles won 4 awards including Best of TV @ Philly Addy Awards...staff at Shooters and HZDG are awesome.
She think I'm the realest out and I say damn that makes 2 of us!
I saw the trailer for that movie. How was it?
give up sleep and
choose the person that makes you a better you<3
DM I have staff working to ID best contact to build Facebook into national Edu consortium. Please DM if you can help.
Not wearing any makeup today. I don't care about what people think of me and I'm not trying to impress anyone
Hoped that if I tweeted you, some of your awesomeness might ruboff on me. Would love to be a badass but am really a nerd.
I might be crying...wait are those diamond studded depends Christinas wearing ?!?! Moment lost
yep. And there?
I love when homeless people who are fat saks are asking for food! Soo redic girlie omgehh
Get your HaiR Styled Vegas :)
You are leading and no one is following, you're just taking a walk.
HOW DO WE KNOW ED AND TAYLOR ARE DOING A SONG? !
send me that picture! Lol
yes we are
Lol, no i mean like how it was hyped, but nobody played it :P
I know....I'm already ready to get off
Its ok. I will tell the baby you were a brave man!!
Fascist Atlanta airport wifi only allows me to visit Georgia tourism sites.
Thank you for the Follow
Ran updates & now the link shortener doesn't work :(
The best nicknames are the ones people don't know they have!
Love my Redbirds!
watching Dead Ringers tonight, a classic Toronto film. just FYI
(( *gentle hugs* im sorry nana girl ))
David Carr ready to start Sunday for the Giants as Eli Manning misses another practice
yayyyy!!!! So happy you'll be joining me!! ;)
I want to ride my bike somewhere. But where?
DANG, I JUST HEARD "WHIP MY HAIR" BY WILLOW SMITH!!! I WISH I HAD HAIR TO WHIP!!! :(
RT : ..are u guys at the banquet?<still here
follow us on twitter!
People love that drama shit
Thanks Dalton!! It's a great script:)
Hi GH All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Why do some magazines have to put one direction behind Cody Simpson ???!!!!
Learn everybody postion so you want get screwed over.
you should totally come to vegas with me and like 15 of my girlfriends on october! do it right!!!!!
“: The Phantom Menace manages to get worse every time I watch it.”
She was doing the catdaddy in the pool !
Bryce Harper is the man. That's all.
"Do your friends tell you that the Jason Robarbs monologue isn't too long? They're lying."
I mean I've done it before.
Thanks for featuring "Bear in Underwear" by our wonderful Todd H. Doodler in your holiday newsletter! A great gift for kids.
Hey guys. Go and follow (:
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness
Famous last words from a man "Trust Me"
Finally made php version of previously-cfm form work, turn to second form...which seems to be done with completely different code. Yay?
Congrats! I'm happy for you!
Means you have a great sense of humor!
I love you. (; and there better be a season 2 in Teen Wolf!
For those of you who understand the power of blogging....www.ow.ly/7Gu9c
kayla is absolutely amazing : )
If you ever see me out and I'm in the DJ booth. I'm charging my phone.
Sink or swim you gotta give it a whirl:)
233 likes away from releasing some free music. Let's make this happen.
I think we have our two leads for #Knock. -JO
oh my goodness yes. I was just thinking how we need another mattie caroline amanda sleepover <333
Our Japanese dude is better than your Japanese dude.
Can't figure out how to request from BWI. Flight arrives at 2 pm. Can u do it online?
Why not spend $10k worth of your time to improve your local school rather than earning $20k to send to private school. Rushkoff at Gathering
OL LATE ASS!
Romantic relationships have opportunity costs, too. Things you don't do because you are involved. Take time.
ok ok ok ok, i'm crying uncle. Which "The Stick" do I get?
's Jess Mero will be on Don't Tell Me this weekend! Good luck!
I notice most of my followers are pornstars or paranoid coke addicts trying to see what I'm up to. Hit me up ladies 1-800-TheDancy
sometimes enhanced by, but not exclusive to, halloween, yes? I don't see why costumes specifically are attacked so heavily.
": " is like our pet bird we have to put on a leash." #lindseyharbor "
I so appreciate you even looking! Thanks!
Had a blast at the trio last knight set it off fa the ladies
What are priorities? Spend your time there first.
I totally forgoy about that night of.epicness!
whats good man!
You better not! Gon' get a whoppin ": Party tonight :)"
Excuse our excitement. Check out our updates!
That mini heart attack you get when you realize that you lost your phone
Someone tell me who #JessieJ is.
Did I just get called a stupid hoe? I only bought it once.. :/
Studies show consumers would pay a week's pay to be the most #fascinating person in any situation. How does your brand help solve this?
Absolutely - #Obama is only about changing the subject from the #Economy & dividing the country - he hopes to his benefit!
I really don't save numbers, specially when I'm not gon use them in the future, so I just don't save em
Came home early huge Migraine thanks to sinuses hoping to do weight loss searching in a bit
Canceled a trip this week for a table read, got a last minute comm call and booked it. Its pays to stay home.
So Philly got Jagr and Talbot. An old man and a bum. They definitely made out by trading all of their stars!
Many people are not aware "Chevron" is a military term of earning your stripes. Condi Rice was a tenured Chevron employee prior 2 StateDept
Thxn had a good chat a OLD Edbitts grill! Luvs the raw bar & half off specials from 11pm...Leo luvs the orysters!
The Jason Aldean show is sold out. There will not be any tickets available for purchase and there are no upgrades.
THAT AWKWARD MOMENT WHEN YOUR BEST FRIEND IS DATING YOUR EX/:
well deserved!
no problem..she does great and know her way around stumbling blocks. Good Luck
safe journey to europe Rudy.. PDX will miss ya! Tell Rubio he needs a haircut
always love your pics sexy girl. Maybe one day you will actually respond. Until then thanks for the pics!!!!!
OpenOceans Global moderating a panel at Copenhagen that will be streamed live to an audience at the University of San Diego.
have you heard Dirt Poor Robins' version?
Agree with you. All creation is sacred and deserves honor.
#reenvisioningnagel stifled it? or stifled our way of thinking..both can be done
RT : Happy #tacotuesday everyone! Who else is glad that we got to skip the #mondays ? hahah remember to #bartab it up folks!
Keep Originality Alive!!! ;)
Unpossible. RT: Writing a compelling intro to a story about crossovers:
Sorry for the long silence, we'll be sending out a follow-up e-mail on #bmorehistoric this week!
Next time I answer the phone and someone starts off by cussing I'm just gonna hang up on them.
the articles get posted on diff sites.
I got that intro video somewhere at if I wasn't working like crazy I would of Came.
And I can't wait for the NEW SINGLE! #sofreakingexcited <21
kI am spending my day with my greyhounds lots of play on the field
Are you watching?! Omg. I can tell this episode is going to be insane!
Congrats to #DU #Pioneers for winning back the Gold Pan and being ranked No.1 in the nation!!
Really? Undo send?
Old school South Park.
George Anderson and his 5 fellow amazing photogs wrapping up insideout shoot Amazing talent, thanks to all who came!
Yes they are.
Showcase on latest cameras
please follow me I love u !!!!:)1
Thinking....thinking....
Woo the A's are rolling in! Deans list here I come haha
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 59
your doing your bachelor or master? well good luck with that! i gotta start my master soon!
at tonight!!!
Mr. Brotherhood, all you have to do is look in the mirror to see what a terrorist looks like. Definition is your group.
Trust Is A Gift....
I'm your biggest fan, you have no idea how much I'm crazy for you, follow me please ??????
ans straight thugs. I love it #no homo
oh theyre alright i suppose.. kind of obnoxious and they hurt sometimes. lol
Askin all then questions .
i got no work all week, when we starting?
nice background love the FACEBOOK,TWITTER and YOUTUBE sign ;)
Especially if you live by yourself... RT Theres a banana peel in my bathroom trash can...hm suspicious lol thats just weird weird!!
yes! I just saw your flyer for #CocktailsandConfessions <~love that lol I'm excited now! :-)
yes, lining up tix for this summer. As for trip, I take the train here, so it is totally convenient and no traffic.
congrats! What a cool example
You are in more dire need of duck than any white man in history.
Just got a 24 inch monitor hooked to my MacbookPro! Finally working at home seems productive now. wooty!
Starting to network & looking to give MAJOR discounts to a #BRIDE that books their #ONLOCATION hair appt by November 15th! PM for details :)
gets to keep it minus the 10% kickstarter collects. We plan to use the extra $ for some sweet lighting details!
Princeton know he gonna stalk Rocsi tomorrow.. Get It Prince!!
Thank you for your greatest creation The Simpsons
welcome home!
thanks... part of me is scared out of my mind...
The best place in San Diego to watch the fireworks? On the Bay at Anthony’s Fish Grotto! We’re open until 10pm on July 4th
Love me? -Great Hate me? -Even better Think I'm ugly? -Don't look at me Don't know me? -Don't judge me Think you know me? -You have no idea.
Right now Zone ... hear how Lego saved $196MM using Power systems in our 10-Minute talk series
I'm looking for information about editing the COinS metadata using the #wordpress ScholarPress plugin, but no luck. Can you help?
Send mee a pic of you,and I'll see if you look good with Peeta, Finnick, or Gale :D
I have a phobia of long dark hair and I know does too
thanks for the re-add, some of the most gorgeous weddings I have performed at have been at The Peninsula :)
Yup. I bring my own for when I think I'll need it.
Stickball! Kickball in North Park tonight with the c2g crew!
I'm crying from zack merricks tweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
metaphors can focus attention quickly on big picture concepts
tonight, International Pop Overthrow San Francisco, Hotel Utah Saloon, 7:30pm, be there or be there!
Anybody know how to contact Mike Bidlo: (the NYC-based artist who does multiples of Warhol, Brancusi, Duchamp...?
Are they not being Vegan friendly?
Me too! I just got very similar coat from White House Black Mkt but I like the trench style. Thanks!
Didn't originally plan on seeing The Black Keys tomorrow. But seeing as how I'm missing both the Avett Bros and JTR, think Ill check it out
It's official. After tonites episode of Cirb Your Enthusiasm Larry David is officially nuts.
hi okay i will add photo:)thanks for suggestion.
Shout out to some of our newest followers - , and Good to have you!
He wants a fire well now he's got one, he ain't seen me crazy yet
we opened secret santa presents sun. i got the coffee sleeve, but never got a press to use it with :( its a mystery what happened
Come and Find us on Facebook also.........www.facebook.com/courtyardportland
do you ever just look over at where I used to be & think...damn.
I feel the love!
Mouse in Van Pelt! Followed by series of shrieks.
I think I just answered my own question.
Satanists are starting their own 12 Step program based upon faith in a lower power. Sorry, no sex addicts.
NP I got you. Look out for an e-mail tonight. NP. Also what is you e-mail?
On my way!
Nothing better then chillin' listening to some
OMG do you play softball? because I'm playing against Hester your school the 19th
if we have enough bamdwidth at future event we will give it a shot...#nj is best shot at that
I'm a lefty who plays a righty guitar better... wow.
If you only knew
I'm really sorry for ya :/
it's possible, I go there every now & again. In the studio currently mixing the last few songs for my first album, out soon!
That movie "Battleship" looks like it's going to be good
At the airport!!
IF I ORDER THE MEET AND GREET THINGY WITH THE SWEATSHIRT ONLINE IT WONT SHIP IN TIME FOR THE CONCERT :(
thanks! Wishing everyone a great day!
And just take a breather and realize its never that serious and when it is we will knoa
Help us out and "Like" Abused in #Chicago on Facebook - we need six for sure, more would be even better! www.abusedinchicago.com
My Coffee Bean coffee machine. Uses capsules like Keurig. Aunt Cheri got it for our shower gift.
Greenland, the biggest island in the world, is three times the size of Texas!
Just heard this song called "I want a smart girl w a dumb booty".... somehow I am not offended. I want an ignant booty too.lol
I always go with the hitter. I feel there is plenty of talent off the wire that can fill pitching needs, short and long.
Happy #LeapYear / Day! Why do we have leap year?
Great to hear from you! Contact for balconies and accommodations for #Pamplona #SanFermin #runwiththebulls 2012
This trick apparently dont know what she is doing..
Nothing like the smell of fresh C diff to wake you up on morning rounds.
#ASECS12 Can one describe an 18c poem as "going viral"? That is, going viral in the 18c. What would that entail?
fucking awesome lol. force us down peoples throats!
Congratulations of the Team USA selection! I know you're pumped!
Ima self made dude with a self made life ain't nothing ever free
-So tired, just want sleep.
I hate when that happens!!
Took a detour from the Mediterranean to China. Eurasia is the entire domain I am curious about. China to Rome in antiquity for instance.
ABOUT TO BE 18
Collaboration is finding experts in their fields to contribute to make a project the best that it can be
Ha! RT : sh*t entrepreneurs say "we're like facebook except we have a powerful social engine driving user acquisition" Really???
Hahaha I woke up early but im still going to b a lil late
This is going to be the saddest #DesperateHousewives ever :(
This is why I am a sport management major. I love sports
Tony Allen starts at the 2. He's not playing out of position, he just takes dumb shots and makes bad decisions.
ahh that's so great! Perfect for you :) and yes we do! I'll be more settled down in a few weeks.
It was a struggle, but Dewdrop was able to fight through the pain.
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing. ~Wernher Von Braun
You're 3 tweets from getting us to pick up and move to PR. It just sounds too good, and I do believe it IS that good.
is this peter or yanzee?
Did you know eye injuries are the leading cause of blindness in children? Did you know every 13 minutes, an ER in the United States...
Just Bought Me Some Of That Purple Stuff ;3
this too. RT : The #Coyotes radio guys truly are the Archers of
I'm obsessive when just one thought of you comes up .
I knew you were a #CHELSEA fan! #CFC #KTBFFH #SuperFrankieLampard!
Dragon Boats spotted in the harbor! An early sign of summer.
begging my mom to let me camp out to get a wristband.
Who's got two thumbs and is going to the #grizz game tonight? This gal.
No kidding? So you've been to San Diego then?
FollowKevinJonas now people! Go go go!!! xD
Just decided to take advantage of #casual #Friday tomorrow -- super excited!!
To all that thanked me for the #ff u r all welcome!
haha you should probably just play big tymers one more time and accept it
- people say you can't live without love, well i think OXYGEN is more important <3 ; *
Thanks for the RT! We're excited about our new neighbors!
Is it really that hard to be straight forward?
Thanks for faving me!
I just can't imagine leaving this fanbase. Even if Justin doesn't know about my existence, I will never, ever leave him
Um, puhlease, there's no such thing as a purple cow! Also, did you move to W'town after DC or Somerville. Case closed.
Jesus...those kids were so angry... That's so sad.
It's amazing how much can change in the smallest amount of time
Shooting a living poster today with for with a horse in it provided by
it's all about the bulls
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! This is gonna be your year #WEBELIEVE in you x wishing you would follow mee <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> love u millions <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
too funny
Mr. Belding on Mad Men. The circle is complete.
we've decided that the appropriate hash tag is
You're welcome! And thank you for the shout-out! Have a great weekend.
The blog says "queer/pansexual" . Is queer a synonym for pansexual or can it be other things too?
Cookies being Baked Reminds me of Daycare from Childhood #onereasontoeat #ChocolateChipCookies So many Smells So many Memories
Getting the app was the best decision I've made all week
22 hours in Dallas
i love you <3
Isnt she Marge from the talented mr rippley and the adopted sister from the royal tennanbaums
#WhaleWars Wow, you always have me on pins & needles every week.
This week’s #PhillyHunt clue: Keep Wednesday, the 19th’s edition of The Philadelphia Inquirer close at hand... See you tomorrow @ 12:30
Man I'm Trynna hit Philly this weekend<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Being ur self and not changing for someone like boyfriends that's wht make you beautiful! Got tht??
Because they're followers, not leaders.
Humanity should educate them self for freedom before is too late.
Thanks, Jason! Maybe even a flavor bomb diggity?
it takes effort to get a grade like that! Haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
My first day off work and school in almost 2 months. Loving this day of absolutely nothing!!
I'd bang the fuck out of liam hemisworth anyday
happy birthday call me
Tomorrow come join us for lunch in our new South of Market hood: Spear and Mission from 11:30-2pm.
Kids say the most wonderful things!
Yes, Dracula is good!When Jonathon meets Dracula it gets creepy! It's interesting to see what fears D embodied for Victorians.
": "5 O'Clock in the Morning" Classic!" Yes it is :-)
Great hooks in films start with a surprise twist and lots of visual fireworks. You need to grab your viewer fast in first few minutes.
Would like to spend more time in NM. The light there is wonderful.
:: thx for stopping by today!! See you again soon :)
So glad 2hear u distribute near LA! My friend loves beer but is gluten-intolerant so can't wait to surprise her w/your brew!
we are having a car show may 22, 2010 at 1395 s sheridan blvd. lakewood co. 80232 call 303-999-0785 for more info all can enter
#timemanagement I listen to all my recordings on the way to work... YAY for technology and
I like that idea! I am a school librarian, always looking for ways to better prepare students for college
“Without me, Transylvania will be as exciting as Bucharest…on a Monday night.” Love at First Bite (1979)
Just under 2 hrs until the D1 side kicks off against Glendale. Will you be there???
right on and brung your friends, all of us poster artists are here for the public for FREE !
seriously, they SUCK! If I had any other choice, I would've switched.
Now of course, I've never had a husband, but I wouldn't like my boyfriend to use it either.
it's very un-nyc of you to complain about the noise via twitter. you should stick your head out the window and start yelling.
Thank you for the mention #FF Have a beautiful weekend!
Happy that Irish basketball women are back in the NCAA Championship game.
Wish I could be at your meet up! have fun!
I'll let turn down ads his audience "wouldn't be interested in" :) We haven't necessarily gotten there yet
They try to hide our suffering Controlling lies, the lies they sing It's right in front of me "looking away"
Have you checked out the new Sophia Loren and Ingrid Bergman in Sweden Boxes on the Edu site? Screen the whole set as a summer series?
Just don't come here looking for the j-school.
me too! You should text me...
Dear Internet Users, One day, you will all regret not reading me... Sincerely, Terms & Conditions.
At #Petworth neighborhood library with to discuss The Watsons Go to Birmingham -1963
thank you same :)
I already am, as the unofficial spokesman.
It's almost time for you to win the iPad from the #firefly contest!
Hope you are having fun!!
it was great I cooked! I stuffed a hell of a turkey hehe
that was just poop
Koreo Workz: Battle Tactix this saturday has been POSTPONED!!! Please spread the word.
you're my new favorite
Busy with Liz mixing and editing Sometimes Sweetness songs. Shannon busy doing some writing.
Morning Kimora!!! Hey lady you Rock!! Have a nice day!!
These god damn dick pics are turning everything upside down
This won't matter a year from now
Ready for Day 2 of Bayou Country Superfest
Had a fantastic day at Bryn Mawr College, meeting w pres, provost, other sr admin, + fab group of Eng/Lang profs. Lucky students.
Follow back ? :DD
Had to read buddy/buddy email from Sarah Palin.
Going to play video games tonighhhttt.
Debating on where to go tonight... Any ideas?
Remixing songs from yesterday. I shouldn't mix anything at 4 AM...
you going to jenny's today?
That nigga tennis coach": I just wanna kno who taught Dirk how to shoot..."
Brianna dance costume is super cute!!! Busy busy year.....
Rockphoria tonight #Strand Theatre #Shelbyville #Indiana 8 pm. Tickets $10! Don't miss it! #Fun!
Can we start calling #politicians campaigners? Seems more appropriate in our #modern world.
no, no you are not. don't do it!
I will pay money to see a dead guys hologram over alot of rappers today
there is an online game entitled "meaty boner" . . . that a kid is playing. all i saw was a scary skeleton and the name.
I wish falling in love had traffic lights, so that I would know if I should go, slow down, or just stop to avoid heart accidents.
I dug it up. :) you're good. Fault is ours. You should hear from soon!!
I'm on it now
sometimes there is a lag for it coming in. I will reply as soon as I get it.
30 mins wasted on the phone with 3 reps and still can't log in to the insurance company website. Too bad I can't take my business elsewhere
Anyone else struggling to connect to wifi
See, all the fuss is about Angie, Angie, Angie in CLT. I definitely could use more Jason, Jason, Jason ;)
to my Wall Street Newscast and visit www.stemcellregenmed.com ww.wallstreetnewscast.com/profile/stemcellgenenano.html
Wow. Talk about an ass kicking. Congrats to your Gorillas. Now, go win the whole damn thing.
It's not VOXO it's V.O.X.O "Vibe Out Til' You Pass Out", and it's not labeled as a drug term. Vibe out in the music til` you pass out.
Absolutely. Save until summer slam RT : Again, I think that this match is happening too soon.
I feel like I'm on everybody's map but nobody's radar.
Thesis countdown...exactly one month till the first draft is due! Eek!
well ur coming home then and the krew be hanging
I love you!! Can't wait to see you perform this week! Follow me?? :-)
Headed to the Miami Film Festival! And warm weather!
alcataz was a great show
Cranky librarian I met early on in all of my sessions. If he'd been friendlier we could have networked. Tsk tsk
#sla2011 Dysart---build the relationship before you need something by listening
Maybe you're just a librarian who's "future thinking" rather than stuck with the books...which isn't a bad thing!
I want a purple lightsaber and some kfc.
ZZ Top's new single actually sounds really good, of course they never disappoint!
Been feeling pretty miserable lately...don't know who I can talk to :(
A Nutty Bar sounds good right now.M!
that mean your coming to the derby party? It is your type of event dress-up wise...
The RAQC will be at Lakewood's Earth Day Expo tomorrow. Stop by and sign up for our Every Trip Counts Program and Clean Air Community!
Santorum, OUT. hope for a sane, decent nation, IN
Front row at concert. Life is awesome.
Haha Not so easy being Catholic now, is it?
"Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait but it's more difficult to regret." <3
One week seriously cannot come fast enough
ready for #GameofThrones <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B4>
damn. At least I can watch my "special" movies! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
#ThatAwkwardMoment when urbon ur phone and it hits u on the face
She just wanted to worship at your feet like the rest of your multitudes Lea Solonga just walked over and introduced herself.
just bought the most lovely necklace from to show my WI pride & love of independent artists!
started a twitter, brudda. Follow your instinct, follow Medrano...
Seeing in LA would make a bomb-ass ending to my spring break before I go back to freezing cold Boston.
#2D This mustache roto can be used for your next 2d production featuring an accidental face chevron. this.isnt.really.alink.
I love Smash!
You need me. You miss it.
World's smallest man tours Australia on only second trip away from home: Chandra Bahadur Dangi, the world's smallest man, is currentl...
Your parents have Facebook. They don't have twitter.
smart ppl think alike. others cant think for them selves.
what's the name of the WP plugin you mentioned on to manage cookies
thank you. Really looking forward to working with everyone.
yes, let's cut more taxes for the rich & BIG "small" biz b/ca they have been creating so many jobs for the past 10 yrs.
I'm so bored!!! What to do with no dance for two days!?!?!
Thank you kindly! RT :
Income tax returns are the most imaginative fiction being written today. ~ Herman Woulk
Never let your past dictate who you are, but let it be a part of who you will become.
With Dolphins taking Tannehill, they automatically pay him more than they offered Matt Flynn.
If you haven't seen machine gun preacher...Do that!! You need it in your life
Chat w/library guard went down a Harper's rabbit hole where I read that Aretha Franklin was equally influenced by Judy Garland & Clara Ward.
This afternoon, I'll get to join #FutrChat for a second time. Super excited--considering it's about museums!
hope to see you at Wine Riot NYC... Gotta rep the UES in BK!
Austin stop.
ok:) wanna direct msges
Was he the little boy in Angels in the Outfield?
I feel you. Takin care of 3 drunkies tonight. Lol still happening!!!
Hello followers. We are releasing a new optim.al release this afternoon, details to follow.
Good morning. We won't be able to make it :( But kiss this kids for me!!!! I'll call u in a few
I forgive you :)
": Bets on Olbermann working at MMfA, make em now!"/// not many ntwks left 4 him 2 work, is there?
Soo, LSU or #Bama ? What do y'all think? I think roll tide al the way!
Left is Right | In Germany, Divide on Left Is Transparent - Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
I couldn't help but smile in agreement. Mr. Lincoln cut to the quick, as he often did. Mayhap I had been too conspicuous.
I love you and the fact that you care about do many things and people <3
Oh nice - not holding back on obama's previous "evolving" stance on gay marriage, LOL
Same stuff haha,What kind of music do you listen to?
Thank God the C's didn't do something stupid like trade Rondo for Smith and Teague
Such an amazing show. Can't wait until October!
I'm looking for how we build a portfolio on our LinkedIn profiles for video and audio links. Does anyone know how, please?
This mortal form has grown weak.....I need sustenance.....quick 2 the house of waffles.......lmao
When's the Seventh Inning Stretch? RT : #re12 Panelists: if #distressed #CRE is a baseball game, now in inning 3 or 4...
Both teams have 6 turnovers so far
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER<U+2764> HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME!<3 I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM!
#ItsSadThat #ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs can trend and we still can't experience love after "knowing" all of the problems
Took my first dance class at tonight!
Could it be? RT : RT : Tease from Dakich about a special person at the IU-MSU game should get people talking.
Thanks Helder! When do we see the first episode? (Need more music? Check out )
will definitely take a listen when I'm by a computer. Thank you for the shoutout. Diggin the black sheep.
woot! Go Canada!! my parents are canadian so I was super happy too :D
Duke is going to lose this one
Wow. Love when Derrick sees Karen as Marilyn
Mindless Behavior Celebrates #1 Girl Album Release With An In-Store Signing E...
Trying to muster enough energy to do something other than nap.
I think that's a very realistic possibility.
I'm hearing something but I don't see anything
Michael Roth on learning from #abelove: "fierce clarity is an extraordinary gift."
incredible! I have goosebumps!
I'm trying to write a joke where the punchline would be this remix of your Twitter bio: "They say I'm polar icing."
www.justin.tv/streetgroovemagazine LIVE 12.22.2010 YMCMB ARTST BRISCO LIVE ON THE SHOW COME CHAT WITH US ASK QUESTIONS www.smilezdagr8.com
Out Philly w/ 2 female pro hip hop dancers..so I am spending tonight watchin from the sidelines..not that I dont like makin a fool of myself
Love hearing that Kaufman, Milloy and more are at the Spring Game. Can't hurt with all the recruits there.
#Shenyun will come back to Washington DC in March, 2012, the most beautiful season in DC with cherry blossom around you.
Edited 10:10 lecture audio down to 7:37. That's almost three full minutes of stumbling over my words.
If you want to that's fine! But there's not much of a reason for me to wear long sleeves here, haha
Applauding brave folks who share stories in #CDCTips- proud to work w/ to bring u
I'd love to see the numbers of iPad/iPhone device sales revenue vs iPad/iPhone accessory sales revenue.
wait are you saying you 12 ..? right?
Absolutely altho time management is always a challenge. What do you think?
I like the classiness so far. Miami based?
Thank you, Craig! Please let me know your thoughts when you finish reading!
Happy Mother's Day!
Huh... Well its none of my business.
International Strategy is to routinely have games played in China to build PAC-12 Int'l brand
Yay! Welcome Blue Moon Lighting to Twitter! - I expect some great behind the scene shots soon! :)
your passions burn? "The Path that leadeth on is lighted by one fire - the light of daring burning in the heart." Helena Blavatsky
Force Quit of Eclipse after a spaze hit of the print toolbar button. WTF, who prints code anymore? The print option should be buried.
you spelt my name wrong.. :)
We have a bat problem in 1442. They are in the rooms.
My first time at #SBSW, and it's a freakin' deluge.
i wish girls could just look in the mirror and say, "i'm fine the way i am"
I'm about to make a bomb teriyaki chicken samich. Oh man. Yummii
Cleanin up this place before the time comes for me to leave!
RT : Romney: "I don't have a problem with gay people. Unless they're poor, of course."
tryna get ya followers up?
Why thank you :)
and what are the Golden Tickets for?
Women: you have the God-given capacity to take in, hold, house nourish and reproduce.
Did you change your Twitter handle?? PS I MISS YOU!
Great social media event! Good to see
I can't wait for my Obama supplies to come in.
I think it's next week. idk it's a video or a cheer leader basically kicking another one in the head while she was bent over
Mikes Invitational tonight! $5 cover free top shelf drinks. 8-10 pm. Say Jon-Austin at the door and you will get free drinks from 8-10!!!!!
be careful listening to drake...he known to soften everything around him. Good for laundry though!
Pretty! Have a great day!
Every time a new "issue" pops up in our American political theatre I think just that thought. "Again?!"
Later tonight at the party
The nasty nati
Food Trucks and their customers luv the Shady Tavern Ice House
. nice! trying to orient myself with mental image of the old palm ballroom, but i can't. is that in the main room?
leave me alone.
Um... Ann Arbor doesn't have Mexican food so you must mean "Mexican" food. Quotes appropriate!
Have the released a "Gift Night" schedule? I'm trying to decide if I want to go to any games this year..
Jillian your head is covering poor Steve lol I luv u guys n I luuuuv u Lisa
RT : 19 days until #Cubs Opening Day!
You need to have a talk with your boss. Kinda surprised by the level of misinformation in your shop.
HELL YEAH!
Me too charley
Really need to quit hurting myself. I'm such a bad influence!
Just hit 19 hundred followers!! thanks, guys :) much love to you all!!!
How great is watching Radiohead streaming live from Coachella? <3
My idols from the department are at the wedding I'm working at!
Sleep anxiety. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2> god, grant me the FREAKIN serenity already?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Well another work day lets see how much pain I can withstand still feeling crappy from car accident last week..
Good morning! So it's best to finish one before starting the other huh? LOL
I did, your last message didn't make sense u said... I was gon add comb.ya hair
maybe if I didn't feel so much like crap! Stupid stomach has a mind of her own. Anyway.. Good morning to you!
Ur a dream. Because u felt guilty right??? RT : don't make fun of I already got him a replacement :-)
It depends on how you calculate the dumbness of an aggregate #math'd
If u want book sample, our podcast sent 2u as MP3 file, or 2 submit hand o day or question o the day, send a note to
yo I just now caught this nigga going to work 9am to 3
2012 has a lot in stored for us. Stay tuned and thank you for your continued support & business.
is the father of my baby (:
I already text high fived someone and I didn't even know it was a special day!
I just wanna be perfect
Hey i would be awesome if u sent a bday wish to ur cutest fan > its her birthday! Plz plz plz!!
what's your secret to shaking the creepy scotch-drinking dude? he and his pals, the make $ while you sleep dorks, still bug me.
Ladies- any recommendations for a good hairstylist (average priced) in the Milwaukee area? Lost after both & left me.
Just gave away my last book for World Book Night in front of shops by train station. #wbn Had a fun time chatting with folks about reading.
Roll Tide.
O.o that sounds delicious!! I had a ruby tuesdays burger for dinnah!
Follow our guitarist ;)
when was the first one you went to?
Text me if u wanna cuddle..
Yikes, its my second to last day on the project! How should I end the tweets? Hmm...the blog is wrapped up though ...
Online advertising. Listening to StumbleUpon now.
Why are midgets Built so damn strong!
haha looks like a successful weekend!
They should have gotten a bunch of cats in heat to do the anthem. They couldn't do any worse.
The drive home from grand rapids to Detroit is a rough one after a night of going out.
how can I find the MSA for the Chicago Area, as well as sort Chicago from the burbs?
Did anyone miss me???
Great applications for #THATcamp Columbus keep rolling in! Expect the first acceptance announcements in the next few weeks.
First of all let me say that I am flattered that you would ask. Brief Summation: Love, family, togetherness, real world heros
Last nights show was CRAZY! We gave away an ipad 2 and $100, lots of #fun, in #denver, great #deals! Check us out!
I'm watching the movie ORPHAN
Hello! Yes, I'll be heading down to the Bayou for #ala11 Will I see you there?
slimgoodie!from the underground to the street!
shoot! we are going in march and may! SO bummed. i am dying to hang out with you,chicka!!
Doctors office in ft lauderdale
Rapid City! RT : cool =) can't wait!! where is AIHEC this yr?
Man, the weather could not get much better than this.
YEAH bubble wrap now comes in an Earth friendly "green" form. Pink too!!!
Every time you look at me, I look away. Every time you look away, I look at you. ~typical music class~*<U+2661>
I fucking love that song! by jay and kanye? “: #nowplaying the joy”
We have chosen our winners for the show tomorrow night! Congrats to all who have participated! We will have more giveaways soon
I seriously hate what my thighs look like now.lol
Or come to Mountain View Library for a forum on immigration. Lots of choices at your Anchorage Libraries today.
Peter -- Let me ask about that. Will get back to you.
Tell me about it, they are starting to become very irritating.
is running with QuickBooks 2010 Premier : Contractor Edition
Ugh: wintry mix in Spring. Springry mix.
Anything is possible with God by your side. Remember that.
USDA print shoot Need of an Asian boy 5-7 yrs old SHOOTS: April 22 in MD area RATE: $300. Submit pictures:
Follow me. That's all I want. ……#You'rePrettyCute:)
New respect for tightrope
happy mothers day wishing you many more great blessings to come all the success to you and all of your loved ones
thanks love! The official ceremony is this saturday but its so surreal!
Don't let me get in my zone Alright bitch u said 30x. We kno not to let u in ur zone
you should start drinking Hen @ halftime again...we need Ron Artest back
I freaking love bubble tea. I always get extra boba... Tapioca is my friend :D I hope NYC is going great!
“During a test, people look up for inspiration, down in desperation, and left and right for information.”
The Republican presidential candidates held a debate on Twitter. It combined the excitement of C-SPAN with the suspense of typing..
What does everyone think of the Mass Effect 3 Demo so far? Have you tried the new Co-Op Multiplayer with your friends yet?
Having a date with
People need to chill the fuck out w/ Terry Francona. Do u not recall how he won two World Series after 86 fackin yeeeahs kid?!
Museum fans and visitor! What do you wish museums were doing more of with social media?
So I hear 's album leaked..that's a bummer hahaha!
nothing much same old, same old!! How bout you?!?
herself, confident and just an all around nice and smart person.
FREE Cooking Demo on Wednesday at The Clifton Inn - VA. Wines paired with VA Foods. Call 434 971 1800 for info & reservations
Inspiring words from Debra @ DC's Flow Yoga today: "Our practice is simply to pause and listen, and to meet ourselves wherever we are."
Watching Osmosis Jones
Looks that way. Wanted: MLB Arbitrator. Must find for us at least 100% of the time.
Uh, you're forgetting David Lee Roth.
watchin Major Payne
Brio's Tuscan Grill at Stony Point rocks, especially for people with food allergies!
I guess im going to need a list of everything you've read lol
Im Starving..!
have i mentioned how excited I am about #Bonnaroo? its a much needed trip!
Yeah it's really close. SF's D is dominating.
hm got me thinking now!
Preying. The word is preying, snookums.
im seriously sick every other week
Thanks! Why do you think they failed? What can we learn from them?
Better get started or I'll be stuck on this game all day.
i like my beat fast, & my base down low. (;
follow me if you have #SWAG (:
Omg. Don't favorite my geekiness. It wasn't even e-indexing: I was really adamant about being a back-of-the-book indexer.
cookie n creams icecreammm!!! yummy :p
Is the JPost site going to be cleaned for Pesach?
#myidol - DeAndre once again had way too much falseto and was all over the place - worst so far.
Ten o'clock meeting on Thursday is my Kryptonite.
RT : Prayers needed. Our friend Chris' PC is growin, causing internal problems, he needs strength and peace.
I use to go to my bestfriends house nd fall asleep :p (Memories)
lol geek how old r u how about u guys are missble
Might depends on, ah, weather or not we open the window.
When's your next stand up special?
Sometimes you have to clean up so you can see clearly!!!!
Great job guys! We'll get the W tonight.
buckets of tears </3
something's about to happen.. idk what it is yet.. hm..
I need a blank canvas and some spray paint. Preferably ironlak.
:P that must get annoying
Theraflu hot liquids, two vitamin C tablets, 9 hrs of sleep, good to go.
I'm always late to work but I live 5 mins away smh
thanks for the follow back cutie;) awesome of u?!
Thanks for keeping us on track and getting us together!
Beginning new book "American Nightmare," loosely based on The Black Dahlia murder. This could get messy!
what's in columbus
Is it time for wine yet? Cause I may be opening a bottle now...
bruh thats wat im sayin it was one of them texts sayin send this to 10 ppl if u believe in good or wat not lol
He is able who thinks he is able. Buddha
The "hype" about St. Bart's is not Hype at all
our most devoted RT'er -- thanks!
lmao what's good
oh yes, meth. the other sonoma export. but is it organic?
I may have to dust off my Obi Wan Kenobi outfit.
Good morning how is everyone today
Citrix can suck a fat one. Glad someone else thinks it sucks.
hahahhahahah where did you find this
First it was fire trucks... then police cars, maybe an escort... now BIG helicopters around Logan/U Street.
Having the best/weirdest night with my best friend , Shes the best thing that's ever happened to me
I hate Private Twitter accounts and i'm blogging about it. Will be out tomorrow
Sometimes you wish you could just fast forward time just to see if in the end it's all worth it.
Don't let people talk you out of something they believe you can't do. Do it because you believe you can.
just watching sherk!!!
When your mom tells u to grow up<<<
lmao RT!!! “: Hey dont put your anger on soccer because the lakers lost....again(;”
setting three alarms did, in fact, wake me up this morning. :)
Hello beauty. Missing it. See you Tues.
#bevisandbutthead are coming back?!!! Yes!! Lmao
Happy Administrative Professionals Day. how many of you are lucky enough to have boss who remember?
- Hey Buffalo Cody Jasper plays a custom made Buckley Guitar! Nice work Buckley!!
Nascar in Vegas ... Sprint's 3g service at Venetian on the strip has stunk for the last 6 months .. 4g is non existent on strip
In so much pain. Something is very wrong again..
- at least I hope it does a better job of framing the idea of the digital edition!
Is there a woman out there who isn't secretly in love with Anderson Cooper?
Good morning!!
I hope someone's had a good today.
excited for MIA trip...it seems as though everyone in MIA thinks I a crazy for ordering wine when I could be enjoying an authentic mojito!
GUYS I ATE LIKE COMPLETE SHIT AL LAST WEEK AND THE WEEKEND BUT I DIDN'T GAIN WEIGHT. HOLY SHIT THANK GOD<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Today: presents Global Advocacy and Academia: The Ethical Imperative of Fighting Hunger. 12-1pm 206 Ingraham. A great event
wow, cold-blooded, Comcast showed a replay of all Conrad's errors in the 2010 NLDS...and I thoroughly enjoyed each one
It's official: going to see The Clean play in LA. So excited.
What is your favorite Beastie Boys album?
- MARK! I also appreciate the support. Thank you Sir.
Please Don't Attach Yourself To The Ppl Thats About To Get Cut The Fuck Off.
why don't you figure it out!! Haha
u welcome !
Great pick6 today! much luv from GB yet. Beauty of a leap too. lol
: mine, too. I buy books faster than I can read them.
Libra~ What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?~ 11:11 :)
SUN @ THE SMILING MOOSE = Jeremiah Weed PROMO! 4pm Start! TONS OF GIVE AWAYS! $5 YUENGLING PITCHERS During The BUCCOS Game! KITCHEN OPEN!
Hanging out with the McGregors while they record their new album at Radiant Studios. www.radiantrecords.com/radiantstudios
"Where are we going?” "I don’t know, I was following you...” This is usually how me and work :p lol
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle the lost world of titties
oh I thought u meant a record group Lol. Was sayin how it's a bitch Kim Became so famous & he didn't. He desrves it 2!
Happy Memorial Day weekend! Hope everyone can get out and enjoy it!
fans can follow Erich Bacher on my own personal Twitter Goal is to have more followers than
I love ed sheeran so much! , , he's amazayn is he not? :D x
LoooL.. What A nice girl U R
OH in apartment #2114: "Man, we have a lot of chicken wings." -
you smell that....hollywood success let's eat my ninja
When I have to study for tests I always waste as much time as possible before I actually study for it.
Trying to pay my parking citation online. Can't find my plate number, or the citation number.... Maybe someone paid it for me :) ha!
Watching Mad Men while S makes me dinner :-)
<---- called me boring! haha, just kidding! (: it's a pretty slow day.
What was the last thing that moved you to tears?
Turn the dial on your washing machine to cold. Most loads don't need hot water, and 90% of the energy used goes into heating.
so I'm probably gonna go to bed..or else I won't wake up tomorrow.... :D lol I wish you luck on what's been going on. :)
lmao yeah right
Whole Wheat Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe These aren't your average chocolate chip cookies. Rich with flavor and texture, these whole whe
bff imy...are you at vu?
Having a stay at beth israel emergency ..sure I be fine. More importantly zero George Clooney lookalikes!
We have 220 holds on 600 copies of Hunger Games at Baltimore County PL. 18 branches.
lol who's that guy lmao
Murphy's Law in full effect tonight!
Burned tf out of my finger -_-
my last tweet was via the RSS feed for which is rapidly moving up my list of favorite morning reads.
following back! Yes!
Thanks, whole series looks good! RT not sure, but interviewed him for recently: bit.ly/kB3Gab
S. Korea Retailers Halt US Beef Sales Over Mad Cow<U+200E>
social media. I only thought of you because of it seems that you're always sharing posts/ideas focused on positive attitude.
SURE DID! RT : That boy DD got my vote hope he got yours also ....
Only 44% of U.S. adults have a #will. -DailyFinance.com
RT Thank you for the follow! And remember to "Tweet it forward"
2011 is right around the corner -now is the time to review your #cash management program. Is your store using a #safe to store your funds?…
Hot today, rain with cold front tomorrow. Change of seasons wardrobe. Meanwhile editing goes on.
Guys who have females chase them get no time frm me bc im not one of ur groupies so im nawt guin keep thys chase game up
RT : 's forensic recovery of RENT material on floppy disk would make proud
PalmBchPowerPartners breakfast starts Mutli-Cultural Marketing w/National Weekly Newspaper. 4047OkeeBlvdSuite128. Come.Get.Grow.Go
Tomorrow's the big day. We're doing a crazy giveaway with for The Social Customer - the top-selling #SocialCRM book of 2011
Pennsylvania has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
I'll look for a PDF & get back to you!
Cpl hands later, I raise A9o in mp, BB flats, flop J32r, we both check, turn 6, he leads out, I call, river 6, he bets half pot, I raise...
Thats my favorite part of the response: "We expect shallow racist crap from personal blogs but come on The Chronicle"
Who's excited about Beer Week?! We assume it's named "Beer Week" because "Holy Week" was already taken.
Well 2012, I'm waiting for you to show me how great you are going to be. Or is everyone on Twitter lying?
Update: This week so far ive auditioned for 2 films, a game show, and a guest starring role on CSI Miami! :) keep your fingers crossed!!
What was your chem? If you wish to say hahaha
I wanna come next thurs too. Let's get a school bus for old times lol
Heaven help me I just agreed to do debate next year.
Omg Vinnys leaving. I hope he comes back. It's not the shore house without and is being such an AMAZING friend:(
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent. - Samuel Lover
if she replies often enough that you notice when she's ignoring you, you must be lucky :)
Its too hot. I need to find a pool
Why do I miss you so much.
You must not be watching da game Lmao RT : Hear my Celtics are handling business like they are supposed to.
no need to fret! I will be happy just knowing ur near!
having christmas eve wit my #BFF #ALAN going to a #party i hope it cracks but fuck it i got my #bottoles ready
I need some vitamins im so tired ugh
RT Baylor Vs Uk tomorrow should break the record for average salary per player in the history of the NCAA
squirrels use to chew my grandfathers wires and screw up his truck all the time. squirrels are sneaky fuckers
no no no. Larry f***ing in the ass, yeah in the ass. Lol jkjk.
1855www4USA is a toll-free number for updates on Wounded Warrior Week (www) - 4 US service members, wounded warriors, families, & caregivers
So I started reading this book called the Hunger Games... idk if anyone's heard of it but I'd recommend it
Just remember this. When you have people envy you remember that envy aims very high.
Hi. Thank you. We need to interface. That is all.
I sent my mom a Tupac avatar to sing that song to her. She is so confused right now.
It's rainy, let's get back in bed! Oh, you guys are adults and don't want to go back to bed? OK, I am lying in bed still wearing my raincoat
My artwork for "Endangered Species" is going to be fresh - why? B/C God cares about the details of your work.
Thanks! Will be in your town Memorial Day weekend.
its all love sweetheart, you already know im not like that
If someone isn't providing u with opportunities, cre8 your own or move on. Your time is valuable!
TRYING FINISH UP A VERSE TO NEW SONG.....
While the sales team at BR appreciates my spring style, unless my 'first day gift' is an odd tradition, socks at the office must be pref ...
Afro samurai is awesome I want it
I still expect announcement about Pokerstars buying FTP and DOJ deal.
I'd love to start taking on #FreelanceCopywriting jobs -- any advice, suggestions, warnings, etc?
Today is a Dave Baez TV Marathon. Watch him on"LAS VEGAS"on TNT @ 12pm & 1pm and then @ 9pm it's the "The Secret Circle" on the CW.
The Deranged Book Lovers site is quite awesome.
i'm so upset at how you seem to being downplayed with losses and srewjobs on u are the reason i watch
Party on Wayne.
Sir Nick Faldo says that Tiger has 'lost his game.' Ouch.
When i noticed you have MY* guiitar pic that threw at playlist live <33 hope you loved florida <33
Excited to hear that received an grant to digitize materials about the Miller House and Garden! Congrats!!
this weekend ill be on more cuz im off
i think im getting moving on
Super cute!
lmao i didnt read it before i tweeted u so... LMAO
I'm in Mich walking too close to people and brushing past people accidentally. NY has rubbed off on me. Ew.
she's so chunckyyyy <3“: she's my new fave family member <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>”
Morning went great...now on to baby sitting
Amen! “: PLEASE PRAY - I'm speaking in 10 minutes. Your prayer makes the difference. When we pray, God moves!”
Why you gotta put me on blast via twitter like that Kacy!? Sheesh.
Joanna: did you know the sun is a star? Ellayna: yes, sis. Joanna: I'm a bird.
Mama always saves my life! even tho we're far away now, she always does!
Wing nights with good ppl and good drinks are always classic events
who texted you?
- I always thought you were smart - now I know for sure. Hope all is well.
Where in the world is ...
damn bitch I hope you get fired.
You can love someone with all your heart and it will never be enough.
Minimally Invasive Spine Institute is opening the new state of the art center in Dallas on March 21st!!!
I have vendor booth envy...where is my 27in iMac?
can I get a follow back bro?
One day at a time, Sarah. Simple.
I'm sorryy!!!
Another awesome service at the Ark Church!
yes, had to change around the sch because cross sch changed... Hope it works for you!
2nites my night Brother! Warden Swickle debuts on BOK. In NOLA 4 Treme Benefit, saw David, Wendell & Clark & said Hi from u.
you and Adolphin would make a cute couple. You know, "CA-CHING" ;) <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A8>
Mistakes happen …Take notes and learn from them – InSpotter app
I was actually supposed to give u a CD that night, but my boy had my bag of albums and I had to go look for him. 1Luv though man!
super fresh! Corny classic! Love some old kid n play
Agreed. “: go to Kiehl's and shop for for Valentine's Day.”
Tsunami hits Hawaii
Dont want to be like this
Last assignment of the semester submitted. LIS semester 3 compelte.
My boy got bars dnt sleep we in zombie mode
This Whitney Houston funeral is depressing...
Watching David Fells represent #drupal at AIGA CMS panel. "Not a CMS - it's a platform."
we are shooting for February
Good lookin' out on the Opus X. Thanks!
Hmm. I voted in-person absentee and that's how my ballot was. Both gov and lt. gov.
Some woman don't get that
Ah, black pudding on the buffet reminds me why I'm in England--for the magic....
REMEMBER RSVP and get your design done now to have it featured on the opening page of Dream World Effects Web Site!!!
More running buddies, FTW! We!
3-time Academy Award winning actress Ingrid Bergman born today, 1915; also dies today, 1982. Best known for "Casablanca."
oh no problem! (: lol
CLIFF JENSEN IS THE SEXIEST MAN ALIVE FOLLOW HIM
At doc with kimmy.
Work with Purpose: Write down and post your personal and business goals.
who's ever's comes first
If a red bull gives you wings, does a blue one give you balls?
Dear, I don't look up to many people but I look up to you. Your a beautiful strong woman and I admire your courage. xoxo
7 game suspension for Metta World Peace for elbowing James Harden. Too harsh or not stiff enough? Thoughts?
... baby needs to eat, so alas, Zaina go on without me ... enjoy
I promise my car got new scratches on it everyday
The interns ( and ) are having some fun at my expense today. Good times
Welcome to the Chiefs family!
just got back from Delirium Cafe in Brussels..2,004 beers! and they're all so delicious
awesome now stop Spamming me.
Well played. I followed you for this.
O.m.g. I didnt know people were reckless like that on here....lol...
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MOMS,ENJOY YOUR WEEKEND
Enjoy your time in #Tampa! :) We love it here!
I don't know... not even sure if they are doing a Meet & Greet. But we can check.
Ok ok good
Thankful to the universe for this opportunity to grow and glow.
Glad y'all r there safely. Been praying 4 safety in flight all day and 4 the beautiful women attending Colour!
It's been a great morning so far! Now just beat at some FIFA and my day is set!
guy in the school restroom today; stared at me the whole time i was washing my hands. he was cute, so i pretended to be extra dirty.
Damn that could have been so weird
thinks we are incredible..:) Awwwhs:D
Be a lamp unto your self. Be your own confidence. Hold to the truth within yourself as to the only truth.
HEY! you on! :D
Mint chocolate is almost gone! Plenty of lemon and pbj left!
I hear you. I'm already here on the train heading downtown. See you all later!
Today isn't a good day to have a fear of driving with a coat on
Waiting on rain to go away to finish the very last scenes for shoot
had a meeting for a group project... one kid didn't do his part and the other person just didn't show up or answer our calls. great
that would be a good idea. Where u going?
Bet his teammates got sick too “: TNT says Kobe threw up on bus to arena....”
Why is #bulge trending? xD
Confession #7: I hate being skinny. I want to be fat.
Fifty Shades of Not Gray - Wall Street Journal
Looking for partners for social media marketing for restaurants
Follow For updates on "Paranormal" Events, Reality, Celebs, Radio shows and more! 1300+ already there! Stay up-to-date & RT!
Hi Cynthia! We would love to have you at our free MORE Life training Nov. 4-2. Does that fit your schedule? Let's chat!
lol you said it froze but it was working fine! get bak on!
Red is the worse!!
I love the way she [insert]...but I don't love her.
The only bad thing about the warm weather is that the ______ come out.
yes, w/out ? > “: Should Rondo be suspended ?”
What would Valentine's Day be without sex?
my motha needs to hurry up get paid nd buy me a new fone >.//
WYEP is planting WPC flowers w. Pgh Firemen today at the Birmingham Bridge!
Alan Woods~ Blame someone else and get on with your life.
they wanted $40 to get in the nappy roots show, it was cheaper to come to Btown.
hope you were watching HBO and Bill. :-)
I have a strong desire to skull fuck Adam Levine with that new haircut of his.
Why pretend that you are something when you or not!
yup #emkt is much more efficient, althought there is a "r" left out of that so its not very natural, enjoy
What I learned from #ChristopherHitchens? Don't smoke and drink heavily. What I didn't learn: anything concerning religion
Worship felt great. God is even greater. I am a bit sweaty.
where is that at?
Lady Antebellum >>>
no but I know first hand there are actual RR biker crews that are very active at this day and age
Record labels, GET ON IT! Love this band :D // RT Who wants to put out our split 7"?!?!?
#AtNumber1GirlTour moms gone bring dey 5 yr old kids -_- LADY LEAVE YO DAMN KIDS AT HOME! Tryna act like u dere 4 dem *cough* cougar *cough*
Breakeven is gory b one of my favorite songs of all times the script totally killed it with that one
Reading A #Microsoft Life by
"Space (SPAISS)- Absolutely nothing; what exists wherever matter happens not to be" I feel like I need to pluck a rock from my master's palm
unbelievable! can't understand the thinking of the jury.
As former player & coach I understand being pumped on opener, but habits you form early carry through season.
Gtta Pay My Fone Bill Afta I Drop My Mama Off At 4
Yes! RT : "I wish we could bottle up the Texas zen sauce that is Jon (Evans)." Debbie Kempe
The To Do list is never ending…but I love it still!
Tough choice tomorrow as the #Blazers play their last home game and face #Kamloops in game 7 at The Coliseum! Which one?
We're singing goodnight to the moon <3
I have 9 done
Thanks right back at you.
The future wife not being born yet...
1869, the Cincinnati Red Stockings was the nation's first pro baseball team. Hit a humanities home run at the Reds Hall of Fame & Museum!
A single smile could give a thousand more to others
Wish I could watch it mate. Thanks Comcast ;-) Still going for the 4-0 IKTS and Everton deserve to finish above Liverpool
Video shoot start nxt weekend..
I'm thinking Smitty will not care :-)
I'll pop back out later.
"Joe, snarling with rage, springs from behind the lunch counter w/ bread knife in his hands."- ICEMAN COMETH
Sounds Heavenly!
Respect the hat swag
Not yet havent really been on twitter send it to me
aww she is too adorable!
RT : It's National Arts Advocacy Day. Help make #Arts a trending topic and RT this message
it's your b-day? Happy birthday, !
like ur saying if u go temp tech, corrutors are useless, same as phoenixes versus ground or broodlords versus air
Loll oh yeah that was a fun lil trip we gotta go again!
With <3333 love her so mucH :*
just rode one of the sickest rides of my life.
getting ready 4 my tummy tuck today
Thanks for following back! Our publications, blog, & tweets are about #ed #youth #transition #employment &
Attempting any sort of a Ny/Jersey accent by watching mob wives.
when was I mean?!
I'ts not what happens to you that determines how far you will go in life ;it is how you handle what happens to you. - Zig Ziglar
I had to explain what Pi day was to my crew.
The commentators need to shh
Now I don't get it either lol so nvm.
wish i could retweet this hahaha same dilemma
May will be the month to catch up before I get busy in June. So let's see what happens.
Alex Castellanos on CNN talk about "It's all about jobs!" Yeah, right, you wing-nut bastard. Your side hasn't created jobs except on K St.
good bloody mary goodness w/ at
here fishy fishy fishy
The teams are quickly approaching #Miami this afternoon - You may be able to see them from the Cape Florida lighthouse
great! Very easy but detailing read. One of the best apps rite now 4real
it will be interesting to see what company pops on the radar doing just this - do you have an alpha product yet?
My film urFRENZ is screening at the Chesapeake Film Festival next weekend! Near St. Michaels or Cambridge? www.chesapeakefilmfestival.com
Bonfire with tommy in an hour! <3
i wish i could quit #parkingwars -- damn you for being on ! aaagh
Starting our day trip to see some redwoods, then visit Santa Cruz!
Ahh loving the sun shine
exactly. Some stupid crap there.
Who and Hooo!
And nothing having to do w FL but pretty sure tears for fears is my fav band ever
same, can i text you?
#techart cycling team, assemble!
Very surprised at these results, esp. since Canada will foot the bill. Delays at the Ambassador cost MI businesses time and $.
Decay is an unstoppable process.
Rainy mondays make getting out of bed so much harder!
First God created man, then he had a better idea!
and Room 101 have surprises in store for tonight's grand opening!!
Figuring out your done before you actually do. Weird <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Could it possibly happen that we could have a rematch of Superbowl 40?
Sigh. and I have a long history together; it really isn't a secret. In fact I saw him on Sunday.
that was a great class..
Learn to make old-fashioned hard candy in our farmouse kitchen - Sat and Sun 12:30 - 3:30.
yes, and it's what is used for streaming audio reserves, aka music of China, Japan, Okinawa, and South Korea that I have to study.
It's hard to workout with someone who's not even half-way motivated
Congratulations! on completing all #ARE4!
She saw me at my 1st big sho at pier 6 ......3 yrs ago she was one of the promoters
If you're in NOLA tomorrow nite, go to Tip's to hear Righteous Buddha. Great band!! (shameless promotion of husband). Funky.
have you guys ever checked out the #soup movement in #Detroit ?
In-laws.
My boyfriend told me I had to choose between him and volleyball. I’m really going to miss him . . .
Alot of grown fast ass lil hoes over here
One more giant fbomb just cause I can
Happy 2012! Excited to get back in the swing of things. Gearing up for a really exciting term Lots of good things happening
Me Against The Universe...
He's hitting the cover off the ball lately...he's probably gonna get called up tomorrow
Anyone want to buy my poster of The Scream? Only asking $100,000. Total steal.
Well, kinda. I wasn't sure if 2.1 was too young to start working on that? That's why I asked about artic screens for the lil ones
I think it would be an amazing job. I live and breathe music. Kind of obsessively, LOL.
Google, you are so cute.
But I love trolling on those BVB "army" pussies.
I refused to go to sleep until my room was clean..& now that it is, I shall be at peace with my dreams. Goodnight.
like Animal House on skates
only 3 more semesters in ramnation...gotta step it up...last 3 chances for improvement
#1 humanitarian / art #2 entertainment / music :)
Take advantage of this wonderful weather! Check out the West End and the DHM this weekend on Saturday afternoon, then celebrate NYE at...
#UKBaseball is the best team out there but #ULBaseball has their number this season
RT : Congrats to for being recognized at the Women of Professional Excellence Awards!
There's no beer in the work fridge. It's like these people don't even care about me.
To Hell? RT : Rachael Ray coming to Kansas City Sunday June 10th to talk about burgers... Where should she go?
Good morning, have you picked up your ticket for our halloween MONSTER MOSH next week?!
I promise not to do it again...
I never sit up and scream or talk in my sleep during or after a nightmare, howcome the people on TV do?
Fuxk eBay. Bitches be spending my money <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
McKenna : "please, war on women. Bring it."
SECOND! :) RT : Love seeing small companies like The Hub and Constellation win.
Calls For Gov. Transparency On "Green Zone" Entry Criteria Met With Guffaws, Knee-Slapping Laughter
#becauseofthesnow , I"m bored.
complete a face plank in the lake
I've had 3 since the start of school this year!! Snuggly, germy kids seem to have that effect.
Don't forget to follow if you're planning to attend our #auc2012 June 13-15!
#Money Guages < Shit load of magic cards.
What this heat bulls game though
#WhenIWas13 I was bullied almost daily for being attracted to boys.
I can teach you my ways, oh sister. The grasshopper surpasses the master. Thus is life.
it ended up being just plain sad all throughout the movie & it's ending was really confusing because it didn't offer an
Sick today, lol
Sitting next to getting his dome cleaned up at The Barbers on Sandy Blvd.
What? No love? S'cool. I am not there anyway.
Dear , please tell that is screaming on air was cute when he was 5...now that he is 6 it isn't...
use Banana Boat after sun aloe. Works great. I can apply it for you too. ;P
Decks are for cards and grilling. They are not a file format. They are CERTAINLY not a document format.
RT : I wanna be the reason you smile <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
the scariest thing about distance is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you.
thanks very much!
Thanks for the #FF!
With Vid: Asthma app lets patients breathe easy
nah he jus tries to look like a badass lol
She need to tell me
credit to from ALA RT "Michael Witt - Libraries need URI policies" - just a good all around idea
Country music at a bar = greatness. Been so long since I heard you
that's so not cool, i hate drinking
So #TLAM was great! Why my grandma told my mama to give me her book?! O_o
#hungergames makes me want to watch The Truman Show again...
The Window Gallery exhibition featuring has been extended to June 22! Stop by and view the portraits in our windows!
Maybe some people shouldn't tweet while in their cozy pajamas. Their guard is down.
As Dream Chasers we accomplish that wide awake
Today has been a very productive day.
Love the bus ride past Baltimore with its industrial brick buildings. It looks like it belongs on an old train set.
Attending the Spotlight Awards tomorrow! I hope to see many of you there. Let me know if you are going!
Before you can see the light, you have to deal with the darkness ~
Anybody have tumblr? :)
I wish I saw the movie I love a man in uniform
Who as a quizzaz?
my mommy will be here in 3days ! hyfr.
:) Happy New Year! RT : You're welcome. Love your place.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle
Is it better live?
A guy I know needs to invest in a bra.
no, riding solo for that one
- Nice! "Stuck in a Family Holiday Get Together And You Can't get Out of It"
If ur not a pussy come say something to my face
Back from Cali and a vist with B. Happy St. Patrick's Day. And Happy to see usafitnesscorps on Twitter
I prefer a big dog that you can wrestle with but the sentiment is still the same.
During today's Easter festivities, I was drafted to play the mean, evil hunter who shot the Easter bunny. Said bunny was later resurrected.
Wait, what are they discusing?? RT Cuz was pretending to suck dick with luis stupid little boys they discus me!!!>;0
You're very welcome!!
Happy Monday!!!
Looking forward to the show tonight at Staller Center for the Arts at SUNY-Stony Brook!
Time for girls dinner cannot wait for tapas <U+263A> #starving!
I'm going crazy. Does no one understand that Smith kneels at the 1 and it's game over? Jesus.
Check out www.mirrormascots.com
Thanks for the tweets. I missed this entirely; currently in Cardinals land. I saw one of Yaz's last games...what a treat.
Thanks for following me! Hope you enjoy my artwork!
gives $10,000 + to 79 college students. Very admorable. You Michigan guys aren't that bad after all.
shout out to #soccer moms, mgrs, trainers, coaches, referee's, scheduler's & everyone else who gives their time to youth soccer. THANK YOU!
"Remember that time when you-". NOT in front of my parent dumbass!
-__________- no duhh lol... i'm saying like a family member or a friend.
Yes, we are at the InterContinental Hotel for the last day of #TEXPO in Dallas. See you there!
On my way to watch #Hereafter with Dr. Damaris.
Thanks for the shout-out Kristi! So happy you're pleased with the site. Get ready for greatness!
and I used to be real close...now its like we aren't even friends anymore. :/
Motto for the day: "Don't let the blur of movement try to replace one elegantly completed task." (Merlin Mann)
": are you ever coming home?" // Not if I help it.
Good episode! Your podcast is fun to listen to.
Wishing you happy holidays!
OMG! U feed ur dogs fast food!?! Probably hot dogs no less...kidding #JustBored : )
Go ahead grand slam, game tying triple, go ahead run. Nobody fucks with the Jesus.
I CAN'T STAND FAKE TWO FACED WHORES!
finished my presentation on how to use google docs for library acquisitions..possibly more presentations to come!
One hour until my weekend officially begins!
I'm having my first beer in my life tonight!
Yes BITCHES KNICKS WIN!
How tf do you send an email on the blackberry..
It's been exactly 1 year since I was in concert.
Hell no how'd he make that
What are people's thoughts on PT Sans and PT Serif? Can't decide if I like it or hate it.
you should have said hi. You making it to any other shows this week?
would love to work with you! Please email me at and check out our website! Great meeting you at nourished
i hate cheaters
Dear goth kids in NYC, where are you all hiding? Tell me. I wish to find you.
First commercial 787 flight! Congrats to Boeing and Japan!
If Demi can fight through it. I can too. <3
I HATE VAGINAS
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it. -Lou Holtz
thebigdonkey are you still having the problem? we haven't touched anything _;;;
takes it deep
Lol tag him bro TAG HIM
just tell me when & who Im driving
I think I'm gonna make a strawberry banana smoothie for breakfast :D
3:00 AM.....time to stop...I have worked all day....and most of the night! See www.loft401.com
This is awkward...
More than 13% of children suffer a mental health disorder. School-based mental health services help reduce disciplinary referrals.
I got that good good. Better then MJ Bad. Lol 10 points plus 5 extra credit points for scaring the roach. >:D ;p
YES!!!!! Go Adele!! She is owning it tonight. Amazing.
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Share them with other people
Zodiac @ havana is happening now and is awesome!
Crazy pale girl's going out into the sunshine again. Does my madness have no end?
Me too! :) Yummy. A la mode with vanilla ice cream for me.
Can't wait to move to the WP, then I can go home on my lunch breaks & save money by not eating out everyday
The Queen Elizabeth is gorgeous! They'd look beautiful in an arrangement, don't you agree?
GOOD MORNING WAZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzUP
if guys did these #ABoyfriendShouldAlways tweets, then they would prolly be in the
Issue 99 is out! Lonely Kings, KEPI GHOULIE, artist Mark Bryan, Holiday Gift Guide, reviews of Juno's Kitchen, The Muppets, plus much more!
Can u please Re follow
#FINALSWEEK #BLUES I got As on Midterms IDK how considering I was absent cuz I was @ #SXSW wish I could do that for
I might be stalking you :) Enjoy the flight.
Running may burn a lot of calories while you do it, but weights & interval training will have you burning cals around the clock!
Good to know!
All sponsorships are only paid if the challenger finishes and all the money goes to help PZS.
I love love love it!
Good morning! "Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." - Winston Churchill
Home Depot to hire 70,000 seasonal employees. Will legal industry follow suit?
Happy to hear that Austin is having a wonderful time in Miami :)
Super art jam at insight!!! Pretty tight!!
Did you hear the one about the honest lawyer? No, me neither.
Antoniou's Towne Square pizza... Love it
He's doing good. Not getting any younger!! How's ur mom see if she will make spaghetti & corn bread over the break 4 me.
it's all about DJ and the Fro tonight at 11 pm on MTV! you better watch it and spread the word!!
but marsupials do
Concert was excellent! Looking forward to catching a Carley show some other time.
Research: Statistical correlation between success in one field and another
Always preferred this version- "It is your attitude not your aptitude that will determine your altitude."
you in Miami?
Instagram for Android is out! Does need an Instagram account? Or just sticking with us on Pinterest/Twitter?
I really hate ignorance... I promise the English language is not that hard.
did u ask yet? Lol im jwin
The new 1%: people who use IE6.
the single is titled "down" and that will be out for digital download on the same day. It's a self titled Album
Love the Vox guys! RT : Can't wait to rock with this Sunday
ATTENTION: Tomorrow (4/20) Munchie Express will only charge a flat rate of $3 for all orders! Make sure to give us a call!
The protestors from Versailles are at Marlins Park. "Pita si odias a Fidel!"
Yes sir RT Any ideas where to get a tacky Christmas sweater? <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0085>
Love you all! Can't wait to see you on Friday. Monster game, please!!
I be loyal to objects like tom hanks was wit wilson
Was that an earthquake I felt or did I just reminisce about Lebron's earth shattering performance in the finals last year.
well u not welcum
Thanks Marceolo! I hope the 1st week of this special New Year showered you with kindness. And #followfriday to ya!
YOU'VE NEVER SEEN IT?
Whatever It Is You Don't Understand You Will Later
The first rule of Twitterberry is you don't talk about Twitterberry.
cockroach in my coffee... #happymonday #mustbespring #yuck!
I got a free certificate for Jack in the Box from my teacher. She knows Jack.
Hoy and sunny in Houston. ": Raining in New York."
3696 8 favorite color? - blue or red :) IB- Madison <U+E32A>
This is the morning of small fires.
School of Rock in Mythology? Hell yes.
Been too long. But it was great, as always.
40 hour work weeks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
WE LOVE YOU TOO!!!!! lol
at yucca's tack shack
I'm close to beating my PB for paper-writing - current record is 10k words in 9 days (1100/day), this week going for 5k in four (1250/day).
haha thanks(: u too
"I might kiss the Austin sidewalk when this shuttle stops at ACC."
Finally back after a supposed hack. Anyone get anything odd from me?
Masturbating in public eh?
Fuck this entire day.
#WhyDoIHaveTo be so sensitive!?
Straight Up Tribal, we love them! RT : Really cool band playing at right now!
and hope he hasn't already drugged u
I think I ate too much, but those Pizza and wings were good!
in other words, walk in like you own the place and you're looking to buy 20 more like it!
Mm called my stepsister Lidia, I miss her. She's coming in August, n_n
This stats project is equally mind-numbing and aggravating. I'll be working on it until further notice.
or either one is fine.
although he says he won't brag... did win, handily in Scrabble.
is celebrating #CincoDeMayo! Food and drink deals 5/4 - 5/6 plus Mariachi's! Yes. #Belly is ALL ABOUT margaritas & mariachis
I heart you so bad! YOU'RE pretty fuckin' sexy!!
Ever been caught texting in class and got ISS? retweet
like it, but "shave on weekends"?? C'mon now- that's extreme
Lets do this shit son!
The word "Homeless" should not be associated with any #veteran. Final Salute, Inc helps #homeless female vets find
heard 's music for the first time today! amazing! she is so talented and only 15! wow! listen to heart in your pocket. <3
I'm baking tonight...
follow me plz :}
Going to see Andy at Wholey's today for some sushi!! Could you ask for a nicer day for a walk? Looking great Pittsburgh.
At Halftime the #Heat lead the #Pacers 66-39 in our Game of the Night.
Go go go go!!! Amazing dance with Argentine Tangos rule on #DWTS tonight!!
aww it makes me miss y'all :) I no longer need massive amounts of caffeine to survive. Funny how using time management skills help.
Well yeah, but they don't know that.
DealBook: Despite RIM Takeover Talk, Hurdles Would Be High
I guess I am back on my high horse once more
Thank you! :)
DO YOU HAVE A WASHER/DRYER IN YOUR CASA AND DOES MEGA KITTY LIKE TO DO LAUNDRY
Debating what kind of scam to use in order to gain more followers. Any suggestions?
Everyone's Invited 2 Come Celebrate , & Birthday Cookout Today Down The Briccs!!!!
I meant to tweet sooner but I just realized that it's 2012 and the internet is here to stay
so exusuated long day
Hey, i completely understand!
#first40songsonshuffle 28. You Are So Beautiful - Escape the Fate. :D <3 :3
that moment when your writing the last paragraph of your research paper and your computer crashes and deletes the last 2 pages...
We love you, too, hon.
Moderator asks if athletics is part of a higher education. says it is, just that #CFB itself is flawed.
lol !! I'm just annoyed yo....
#ndpl jaime seemiller notes that sustainability is one of the most challenging issues she faces in her digital projects
i need like 245 more followers before i hit 1000 ugh
Hehe! Neil is my drum idol. If anybody got close to his melodies, time changes, fills and syncopations, I'd marry them :P
Thanks brotha! Wish u could have been there too!
Drinking game #DSUM12 everytime someone says 'end user' take a shot.
I want you to ride my face so good!
Lmfao I luv it wen a person like omg now I see who u really r wen I get mad like no fool I got 2 personalities I tell every1 that
And Adam Dunn crushes one to right. 3-2 White Sux. Crap. Blown save.
I think so
My sister got me a LV and a Gucci wallet love that girl <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
whenever i rage i stop because i dont know the meaning of rage
Worried about the massive credit/debit card hack affecting 1.5 M customers? Authorities say the info would be enough to commit fraud.
alright triangle peeps - who's hitting up #FriAt5 today at C. Grace? Can't wait to check out this place!!
I miss my Kalaya already ( sad face )
lmaooo i miss you
Oh cool, i also want Vinny to follow me! lol and haha yeah i have random verified people too!
tiny fingers!
but, but, I thought you liberals hated marriage?!?
what up!?
Brooks! And Boyle with the assist! Wait...
It's been a fascinating whirlwind of emotions, dreams, music, and travel... I think that I will update my blog for the first time soon.
Is Tennessee considered "South"? I never know what gets lumped into region names. Might go to a conference in Oct, which sounds fun!
Sounds good! :0)
You take that back, Charlie. You take it back right now.
Hearing the oceans waves is going to put me right to sleep.
So sorry to hear that. Can you DM us your Zipcard # so we can take a look at what happened?
Heeyy guys!!! Jessi, start putting your name at the end of your tweets cus guess what? SAMANTHAS ON HERE NOW<3
No problem, love. :)
yea and the perfect plug - let's do it VT
I slept all day b.c. I am hurting from surgery. Rather sleep threw the pain while I heal the live threw it.
: in 2012 I wear white whether it's summertime or not. I will be beyond arbitrary fashion rules and their timid, lying morality!
We are at Denver Seminary today talking about internships and post-graduate possibilities! Stop by their student center if you are around!
Let's go Goldy!
should be put in cage...his narccicism might kick his own ass
I love the ppl who think they never Ned nobody it's funny to me to see how that turns around
its been a long road home...
I played it the day it dropped ... Where we're you?!
Marvel Comics Iron Man Stark Project: IM Hooded Jacket
RT : Who's doing their last minute shopping for the ??
OMG shoes.
#WeWontWork if you don't know where #swaggie is from
Thank you!
this thunder and lighting is making me scared.
Fresh with their new buzzcuts, Bruins vs. Capitals tonight 7pm! Stop in for a drink and a bite first.
No, the one she uses. If she owned a pharmacy the copy would be impeccable ;)
Dude im so sleepy.
Happy to announce two new writing projects for production in 2012. More info soon.
Heading to Shark Valley and hopefully alligators.
Congratulations to our colleagues at Shakespeare Theatre Company in Washington, D.C. for the honor of the 2012 Regional Theatre Tony Award!!
I wash my hands thoroughly after visiting any bookstore's "new fiction" aisle.
RT : Robbers On High Street and The Allah-Las starting in an hour!
unfortunately not
That's game.
O o! Yes, I will dig up some orange t-shirts
Retweet this if you're running out to get a #Bronco #manning jersey!!!
Our intern extraordinaire is working on a blog post. Stay tuned for her post next week.
Okay Forreal This Time Goodnight<3
Males shouldn't be jealous that's a female trait.
South Korea has seized thousands of smuggled drug capsules filled with powdered flesh from dead babies - Made in China.
He called the gum State of Maine Pure Spruce Gum
After 244 years, Encyclopedia Britannica will stop printing books.
things I did today: cut my own hair and saved myself $60.
You had your heart broken, you cried a river, you built a bridge, now get over it
Really RT : #ZodiacFacts #Leo’s rarely compete, because they just don’t have to.
did you meet any FTP band members?
One of the hardest parts of our job in RE dev is to convince people we are honest and genuine in this biz.
Cowgirls try a dive now in the Texas box. The ref doesn't buy it, though. Play continues. Ball cleared.
I would like every candle from anthropologie, please.
To everyone who doesnt like my music video...Thanks for upping the view count :D
My husband has never seen Pulp Fiction. Watched last 3rd just now and can't get full effect that way! Can't stop laughing tho.
Ol skoo slow jams
I should not be allowed in your local fred meyer.
site is currently down
No, they have a different burden when the oppressed workers are facing explosions & suicides.
Punishment is justice for the unjust. Saint Augustine
Rate of change of tech is changing drastically. As a result, expectations of what tech can do are dramatically different says.
Does anyone know why /b/ is playing sad violin music? They were doing it yesterday too
Its amazing-the things that matter to ESPN.
sorry to be away so long
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie don't be haunted .
Seriously, do people see the disgusting irony of this? WI Gov Walker using state taxpayer monies to fight recall.
Jane Bennett, archly, on those "passé philosophers Deleuze and Guattari." Believes system and object theories can be reconciled
worst part is.it keeps opponents close & me watching- then they go to trapping zone and pull away last three minutes.
Pet peeve number one: when people waste my time.
Can I ave a follow please?
You guys gotta watch Dark Shadows. It's a good movie! Then Naty and I had a MLP marathon. :)
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 13
Thank God bro.
Oh yea, got an oil change and paid rent...
lol don't even ask for a follow on this account
On my way.
Could totally go for a daq-go-ri right about now!
He's gonna be eating a bowl of soup and I'm gonna come and get em, he won't even know what's coming!
i miss !!! can we grab drinks or something?
This nigga always tryyna get me in trouble
“: Technically, are you really on dates or are they business expenses?!?!?” what a great conundrum!
Thanks for the #FF mention! and all of the great tips :)
Some ppl are a trip in a half
you didn't though, right?
#melus12 adding to my reading list: Stephen Graham jones' the bird is gone AND zombie bake-off.
oh wow that is a thought provoking tweet lol
thanks for following. Cool idea. Does anyone give Glide Cruiser tours?
*makes room!*
I've noticed that when people turn famous all of a sudden they're gorgeous...I GOTTA BE FAMOUS!
Are you interested in #Cloud #Computing? Do you like #networking? Need a break from the week? Join us tomorrow night #TechInMotionPhilly!
Socks should also have wings like birds so that they can fly. It would be more practical.
7 months ago, life was so simple. You came in and changed EVERYTHING!!! <U+2665>KDC<U+2665>
Sometimes I really miss home...when people look at you funny here not truly understanding what a "load of bollix" really is.
are they #2 because they're the second spiciest on the menu?
i need toothpicks for these eyes.
So Excited to read 'The Greatest Muhammad Ali' & 'Soul of a Butterfly' ! <U+2665>
Need me some
feel better.
It's so much better and tastier! You'll never turn back now!
Zimmerman is a sick and obviously racist man. The more I hear, the more disturbing and upsetting the story gets.
Their porn would scare the toughest of men, I'd imagine.
#YouNotUglyBut I don't like the way you think ...
The one thing that would make this trip fantastic would be meeting :)
Shit If Thats Were They Was From Den Hell Yea
on sunday.. I went to his church
Arrrr, It's International Talk Like a Pirate Day! Don't forget your OJ, unless you want to get scurvy Mateys!
Thank you! and you look great on Newsday!:)
I'm going on a date tonight. If everyone wishes me luck, maybe I'll get lucky!
You are so appreciated
Atchung! Special announcement. will be gracing us with a visit. Make sure she enjoys the view (read: slummys, fix ur rows)!
don't judge me
I'm going to get Zumba Fitness 2 for my mom, she wants it so bad hahah
Rouse Properties Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
I am so
Great day of work
Awww thanks Heather!! Miss you too :)
Moulttie just tried to trip Jones after that last no call. Rewound it and saw it in slowmo
MLK day!!! The man is not acknowledged enough
I miss you, Aushia! :-)
Im single cause these broads minds aint right
oh no! Miss you foo foo
I bought a new elliptical trainer. I hate to part with my old one after 12 years; it has become like family! #SchellersFitness and Cycling.
RT : Facebook ad platform growing faster than Google PPC? (performance social vs. community social) Should all jump in?
See the details at redhorseshoebooks.com
you're right. I haven't received it.
A gorgeous day in Chicago... Stay encouraged, we are praying for you... Chicago Police Department and Superintendent Garry McCarthy!
DeShaun Thomas returning to the Buckeyes is LARGE! Looks like it will be another banner year for Buckeye Basketball.
So why does surgery make Family Medicine interns do overnight trauma calls by themselves? The world may never know.
Love the world. FAME:)
My sinuses are going to batshit crazy. So not a happy camper. Hot shower and NeilMeds Sinus Rinse here I come.
Feeding my cats their nightly snack - Life’s Abundance Wellness Food Supplement for Cats- holistic, nutritious, yummy!
We had our first RVA Zine Fest meeting of 2012 tonight. Success! Things are happening.
I hope you have all been out shopping since midnight.
feel like crap right now. Hope i dnt do anything stupid.
Doing some video editing with Final Cut Pro. This is actually rather fun!
I just love "My Fair and Square Lady" you make me die laughing.
I love you so much, that's why the sun shines bright even on a rainy day because of the love for you!
Thank you, our director, Patrick Shavloske, will email you details.
Hold on to your family not everybody has one. Next time they annoy you just remember how blessed you are to have them. Happy Saturday!
you would wanna know!! Lol
What a fine pal you are! Thank you.
Goal! Go Canucks
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A1>I wonder what it would be like if performed at a bullets games.......?
Zach Miller was a beast today...too bad I was going up against him in my main league. Damnit
yes B lol I fucks with him more than Tyler .
Does ANYBODY understand the meaning of a turn signal
For Real, Help Me Out
": Just b/c a "door closes" doesn't mean it's over...God may want you to kick it down!" #AndTheWallsCameTumblingDown!
thankfully i slept through that beating. hope you guys run the table.
We've got something for everybody-vegetarian, vegan, or carnivore. It's all delicious. it's all good for the environment and you!
Trying to look cute as fuck at school for your crush but not having anything to wear <<<
RT : I didn't just freakin stop. The motor blew up. I can't help it. Was trying to get to pit road.
Hey, where is Alcove now? I haven’t seen them since they moved from the Northlake area.
Is it illegal to eat and drive??
#read #God Is #Good Psalm 145:9 The Lord is good to all, And His tender mercies are over all His works.
Internet Addiction
Patience and dedication is all it takes
I am geographically challenged...
TRAFFIC: All lanes blocked I-94 WB at MM 254 due to a crash. This Traffic Trouble Alert is presented by Home Loans.
I LUBB IT! Make more. And put it on iTunes.
So glad you guys are still together, Match made in VooDoo Heaven :-)
Thanks to Delta Zeta & Phi Mu of Tarleton State for letting me come in and sing them a few tunes tonight! Hope to see yall Saturday! :)
Today, I am required to attend a tasting of premiere old world wines for work.
good for work tomorrow.
lol. Yes. He's my mentor's mentor, so I hope to meet him before his maker does. How was the class?
Done for the night.....was making a custom blog for a client. Tomorrow my tweetz peace and good night
i love atwater! i've been looking for a place out that way, actually. Home on riverside is my go-to brunch place out there, tried it?
nice blog, that's actually a really good, concise way to lay out a live session. Hope to see more and some run hot
TAKE A PIC OF HER!
prayers out to the U.K
Also, #TheyneedToBringBack the original Yu-Gi-Oh!... It just isn't Yu-Gi-Oh! without Yugi. I don't want to see Jaden or some other punk kid.
Listening to Afroman makes meh wanna smoke! >.<
Yes we r tks 4 asking. Just very busy lately. Just have not had time 4 posting and reading twitter. Having sons 2nd Bday pty Sat.
im done filling these hoes heads wit lies that i can't keep up wit lol..bitch if u don't recognize a G when u see one, u shit outta luck
Chris Tucker back in the day was too funny.
Worries go better with soup than without.
Cool story bro. Write it down on paper, roll it up. Then shove it up your ass.
Very well thanks. Wake up every day glad to have pension can live on, health care and a Harley. Ready to fight #RWNJ s. And you?
Has ANY talk on Veterans ever gotten around to PACKERS greats Jerry Kramer or LB Dave Robinson?
can i please see you this weekend id like to talk to you
lol im gonna get this shit down. i cant believe i literally walked and got a job lol
pearl jam has a good collection, but no 3 song standouts.
This video made me cry. Austin's come such a long way since I first discovered him on Youtube and he still has a far way to go :')
Thanks for stoppin' in!
ohh gee. Im not sure. D:
Happy Cinco de Mayo...The Mexicans got the French to surrender. The French also surrendered to my mother's sewing circle.
this is why I love you.
smart guy died in 82,1882, update ur google,some scientific work since
one one coco full basket
OMG, been neglecting my tweets. Status update: Had a powerful conversation on social media today w/, a woman of great wisdom.
In other news, w/ Santorum quitting primary race & Zimmerman issue quieted down, what will 24-cable news talk about now?
Time for orton!
- hope you can make it to the event on Feb 22nd, north clubhouse of the oakwood :)
If you're a bird, i'm a bird...<3
Detroit dudez are fine As f*ck...LA dudez bore the shit outta me ...
Love creates and 'us' without destroying me!
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, "I used everyt
Also, is Canadian, so you know he would be a good house guest if it ever came to that. Plus, his HDR beats mine up.
Sitting here #doingnothing ....... :/
Good news! 1 more week (or so) until gets back to showing movies people can't see anywhere!
esources to good use and you'll see quite a nice reward for the work you do.
We thought so too! Thank you for the RT
u guys r gunna die its a terrible movie
You mean Fred Flintstone wasn't real?????
Yea just sayin im tawkin bout a boy actually
AP says Adam is clinging to life. Which is it?
Wtf ? What are you talking about ? JUSTIN BIEBER IS FOLLOWING ME !
Man I sure am enjoying having my office outside...a beautiful day out on Mass Ave if you want to stop on by and talk some business
Happy Mothers Day Bitchess :)
Love ya, too! Somehow thought today's workout entitled me to THREE cookies from ! ;)
Love ain't somethin you wanna play with
“: If you have ever said or text the word "ayee" you have some ratchet ways haha” >>> puhahahaha
At the airport picking up my bro! Lololol I wish I could just take random plane trips lololol
awwh otayy, well yhu'l have to start wearing that more often! I'll start to notice you more. Is joining de ...
how old are you
lol wanna borrow my vcr so you can dub a tape? J/k heyy its a classic.
also turns out the prom is not midland high school.
I'm on my way. Make a reservation at Sammy's Romanian.
A marathon of Property Virgins? I shall not leave the house :D #magnificent!
Thanks for the RT. Hope Hugh Grant worth the watch.
RT : Uh oh-Same thing I said lol!
I'm glad I started drinking vodka....
Just learned that I'll be moderating a writer's panel with Larry Niven and Tim Zahn on it at next week. Geeking. Out.
#edshow 17th Century Naturalist: "There's nothing, but NOTHING in this World, as stupid as a LIBERAL"
I'll give you all a hint BOOTS ...
I'm the type to say a prayer, then go get what I just prayed for.
I've been sing "With you, shawty with youu" for the past 2 months. LOL.
Love me or Hate me You Ain't gonna Change me or Phase me ! xoXo
-Are you serious?!! :DD
Thanks #cPanel RT : that is great to hear the team will take care of your needs. ^MR
“: On average, 12 newborn babies are given to the wrong parents everyday.”
I'm going to play a #VSFashionShow drinking game-taking a sip of wine for each kiss blown.
Amazing weather for Bedlam Saturdays TONIGHT with me 10pm !!
Tap to Belly at foodsmartstores, makes it fun to earn points and redeem rewards!
I Hate when I'm in the Car on The Freeway in the Middle if no where and I'm the only one in the Car that Has to Pe.!
Even someone as sour and grouchy as me can't help but smile seeing 1st yr in a suit using a shake weight in the middle of newcomb,
thanks for the tip! i will call tomorrow.
Every time comes to my house she takes a shit
Learning so much at Dr. Stacia Pierce's Millionaire Manifestation Mastery live seminar! Glad I didn't miss!
I am following and I love
Did you know that Sullivan Solar is offering 5% cash back on solar panel installation for #CV and #Bonita residents?
yes Nikki tell it..so true!!
will they block it? Or make me change my number
DJ DONTE GREEN IN THE BUILDING WIT COAST TO COAST ST ANDREWS
before I offer an opinion on tiger, I'd like to hear his side of the story first. Maybe his siblings lied to Reilly
Cool. Have a good one!
After I carried you all through cribbage let's hope you pick this up: Kel dog is out for revenge
Dear seniors...it just hit me that you will be leaving this year... :,(
Don't let your dreams become dreams.
Fun dip powder >>>>
Sorry, but just won that #shirtoff. LOL
I love love love tumblr, before the f*ck yeahs even! I have a few anon blogs floating around the tumblrsphere
Hell yea!
:: Thanks for the tweet!
It's our first day in What this means is for our customer is more features and much faster innovation out of us :)
Amazon in catalog: we are serving up our customers to commercial entities without real discussion or maybe real return. Our values?
Feel like & I missed something in the sports world last night since B let us sleep 7 straight hrs- right?
I said Burr, It's cold in here, there must be some torros in the atmosphere? I know you don't think some white girl thought that up….
in that case, I vote massage
are you still taking requests to be a wedding photographer? Come to Chicago in May 2012
3g and 4g for are having issues in Sacramento, CA.
That's great. I don't understand you math though.
Girl, you look so uncomfortable, it almost make me wanna cry for you.
I can't wait to go to universal with my baby; I'm gonna make him drive though
Tim Tebow should stay on the Denver bench and study under Peyton. An Aaron Rogers approach if you will.
RT : After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music. ~ Aldous Huxley <U+2668>
Just picked up my pictures I took yesterday of the ladies &d gents...they came out good :)
To Be
I was all anti-gluten-free diets til I found out Cheetos were still on the menu. Now I say beat gluten like it's been hidin' WMDs!
where do you live? No ?
Can we please trend #PrayForLauren? If it trends I will take a pic and show her. It would make her feel better knowing so many people care!
BUT I NOT FOLLOWING HIM AND HE NOT FOLLOWING ME
“: We could sit around and cry but frankly you're not worth it anymore.”
There's still hope!
Officially out of club WAL and moved into club LYYOONNNSSS???? Moving day sucks.
Dont forget! Get stunning original paintings 10% off when you use the code TWEET10 www.shadowglacier.etsy.com
has officially started my journey to atlanta! wish me luck and keep me in your prayers :D
Hope you had a great weekend too!
This is a great article! Biting but honest and realistic. Thanks Claire!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!! Thank you to mothers everywhere for all that you do!!
Private prisons? Another thinly-disguised scheme to transfer taxes paid by the working class to the privileged corporate class.
Don't let the muggles get you down.
Kendrick Perkins Day-to-day for Oklahoma City #Thunder with Hip Strain
I have increased by a few readers. I plan to do more with it.
I'm with you...and I ran out of my favorite creamer at work :(
“: Customized, aggregated, relevant and social (cars) rubric for thinking about the future of products and services #idea10”
Don't mean to brag, but I'm going in on this Heavy D tribute! W.absolutevibezradio.com PEEP IT!!!!
What makes it so def?
Mr. Slow Driver, instead of tapping your brakes, how about you MOVE!
Happy Birthday to -- who, though once convincing me falsely that he was Superman, is a pretty great brother. Happy Birthday!
Damn, I haven't been on twitter in a long time, but I hate this new style! So laggy! :(
Best. Feeling. Ever.
also, just heard DJ Laz is leaving That's tragic, he's been there forever
and are gonna love Col Legno.
God damn it twitter STOP YELLING AT ME I JUST WANT TO REFRESH T.T
So, I've done it - I've decided my top five for this years I don't think I'm right, but its always good to go crazy!
": Ravens Fans living in enemy territory this week. Need some backup from the Or maybe just a RT! :)"stay strong bro!
why aren't you playing?
I'm thinking about sun bathing all day.
Les Miles stayed with Jordan Jefferson way too long. Bama showed him no respect and Tigers never could get anything going. Bad game.
Excellent ideas for the creatives that like to make a difference as well!
Oh! What's the source of the feistiness?
thankyou so much for being my idol<3 i'll support u and your lucky lady (that i'm jealous of haha :p) everyday,all day,forever<3
No! If you and evil you meet you might cancel each other out (and that's the BEST case scenario).
Ozzie said at least one player Ravens could've taken at 29 is still around for tomorrow.
you're ugly shut the fuck up.
I was out 22 days at 150 diff places and unlocked 6 badges in the past month! (via )
YIKES! [in head hear "In Hampton, Hereford, and Hampshire, Hurri-canes hardly happen"]
New website coming soon! :)
looks like you're doing some great things! Keep up the good work
On to d next one, my last one wasnt d best one
i feel you! Same with us in chicagoo!
Finally! Mayor Nutter signs an Complete Streets Policy exec order requiring planners to consider cyclists & peds. (via )
Students looking to book flights to #paris & #madrid for the fall semester - try for discounts!
I'm so jealous Dawn! I loved him on The Nanny!!
Alright guys and gals, were back to 666 followers. Kinda awkward. Tell a friend to follow us please
- Grace and Peace, funny was just reading that article. Have a bless day!!
Awesome See you there!
Jeremy Loutensock wins Nell Propst History Contest with 'Unseen Glory - Journal-Advocate
Basement flooded over the weekend... pulled up carpet to try to help it dry. Might need to replace the carpet. - litfuse
Looking at selling your hop candy on my online stores.
:O. I said yo name you didn't answer so I went to sleep . lol
I need some excitement in my life
I'm surviving one day at a time.
Good Morning! :-)
OMG OMG TOMORROWS SCHOOL NEW SCHOOL :(
I just dont understand
A cool breeze blows east - whipping through the L.A. skyline - skipping over the gunky LA River - kicking up speed on the 101 - I'm cold now
Taking an MBA is a good decision because an MBA will certifies you as a master in business administration.
Twitter like, never ever works after midnight
Need something to do today.
Pucker up champion!
i could say the same(:
Via Chicago
I wonder why 35 news Is at oak ridge
uuuummmm...where is
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are MANY more hills to climb.
Is there anybody from David's Sunflower Seeds on Twitter? I don't think I could live without your seeds.
hahaha I'm not lazy I'm in gym ttyt (:
Appreciate your article at PCMag on the Global Internet Speedup initiative!
Leave the mustache.
I don't think you can buy in stores but definitely online and in the shops that sell it for sure!
seemed too easy not to respond. Sorry.
Ooh la la... RT : Working on my French for a Theatre Company fundraiser tomorrow.
your finger will heal and no one likes a pointer anyway !
Congratulations to on tomorrows opening of the Preserve. A perfect addition to the Resort.
-> Super smart & very creative. (Learned that from HER own reality show.) Pulling for her to win it all!
Drink green tea all the time now
I hear the buses are starting to chain up. Be careful, Seattle!
I'd never read one of your reviews before but I read this week's and loved them. Very well done.
wht grade? N I joined the military bout two yrs back.... Bout to get shipped ova seas like n a month r so
Yeah she buzzed my head by accident. Absolute disaster!
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D><U+E32B>
Sunny Days wouldn't be so Special if it wasn't for Rain. But we selling Tacos Anyways. Serving between 6th and 7th on Walnut.
It's one of my favourite movies of the genre :)
Just finished SCUD:The Whole Shebang. Incredible work! Thanks Now where the fuck can I find a venting machine!?
link doesn't work
It's TOO EARLY IN THE MORNING TO GET UPSET!!! LORD CALM MY NERVES!! I HAVE TO REMIND MYSELF THAT NEXT WEEK IM GRADUATING!!!
Sunday night movies were The Eagle and Barney's Version. Enjoyed both, though Barney's Version was really depressing.
I know it's awesome!!!
thats not a pig
Thanks for offering peanut free baseball suites again this year. Go Nats!
It's hard to be humble, when you're as great as I am.
is listening to the new Joss Stone and getting thangs done ;-D
I'm waiting for one specific tweet.... Come on, do it already!
you guys are crazy
Still skimming book of dog breeds: Chinese Shar Pei. Immediately flashed on Separated at birth, possibly?
Just got back to ME from NYC after being delayed 5 hours only to find out I have an interview back in NY on Friday...arg...(NYC rocked btw)
Can some good weather come through and stay?!?!
Congratulations on your recent accomplishment. I wish you all the best in your future endeavors!
This 3 year old playing drums isn't as amazing as the expression on his face in conjunction with a 3 year old playing drums is funny....
Enjoying fun evening with and others at Elephant and Castle
thanks for the follow and support JP come check out all the crazy things we are doing and
Before twatch someone. Read all the surrounding tweets instead of finding one you don't like. It may not be what you think.
Romney will probably blame Obama for that cover.
Does anyone know what kind of veggies are Cherokee Trail of Tears, True Red Cranberry, and Arikara Yellow?
I need to get these ungodly folks from around me....
Take LIFE 4 What its Worth but still Know its Value
Its not good enough until its great, and when its great, its just good.
I just looked at the website, and it looks like a great development.
It was :) Living life offline is so bizarre to me now!
OMG that is SOO cool!!!!! Annd I love the fanfic so farr! :)
New State Bar website teaches middle school and high school students about landmark court cases www.texasbar.com/civics
Golden #Birthday officially over.
Pure deep and melodic euphoria <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> perfect way to describe a state of trance <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
I've been keeping a lot of things to myself lately.
no, why would that be bad?!
Oreos and Apple Juice....Y.O.L.O
Glee By: Lea Michele,Cory Monteith<U+2665>
Congratulations to Gabby, Mountain West 1m & 3m champion!!!
AND less squishy but extremely small things that live in the mud-fide Ed Wilson
yayayya!! So happy we can eat al the time now!
Back in the black with a winning night! 2-2 +10.5 units tonight
As I get older, I'm starting to realize that one of my life skills may be dodging bullets that I don't think are bullets at the time.
What's the puppy bowl score?
Listen to my market report Thursday mornings at 6:20 and 7:40 online at 770KKOB.com and on the radio at 770 AM.
Ehh so over the bullshit honestly keeping to myself I don't need anyone...
I true man loves Phil Collins' "In the Air Tonight"
Sushi and cake coma...
You know you love someone when you want them to be happy, even if their happiness means that you’re not a part of it.
is a fag. foh
A chance at Muse tickets are coming up with the Eco Quiz!
W/o her yo life is going to crumble , why burn the bridges with someone that's doing for you
Good morning everyone...
damn girl! What's yo numba!
Ians coming too
Lifes too short to think small
it has Ryan Gosling in it. That's all that matters.
Personal question, I know, but what do you read?
no I wont give you my work I know your going to copy -.-
Gracias. May know a few people, but w/out a potential salary range, not sure if they'll apply. I so owe you a phone call.
I totally thought today was thursday when I woke up today.
I wonder if any if the folks who are so sure that the Anthony broad is guilty have ever sat on a jury. Who cares?
Guess I Put Money In The Wrong Persons Hands Again... You Never Know Until The Results Are Exposed!
Red carpet reception for Grand follower of the day :)
You just mad cuz menudo broke up
lol I'm down :)
I hope they have plans for mounting an offensive on the mice & other less pleasant aspects of the old location. :)
Thanks for the mention and the invitation to present to your group. Much appreciated. Enjoy the weekend weather!
i cannnttt ): doing the project fml
hallow,,,hw are u
you should let the fans vote on your outfit dilemma...
We made it to York's !
#ConnectedCulture audiobook CD is almost ready. Look for a link next week!
Can you please follow?(: In that Keek you did yesterday, who was that little boy?(; He is soo' cute!!<33
derby party:) ! so many people here
We're SLA, move on and lets see this alignment stuff pan out properly
Everything changes once we identify with being the witness to the story, instead of the actor in it.” <U+2015> Ram Dass
m the house smells like pumkin muffins
where'd all the people go?
Today is "World Malbec Day"...stop on by Purple Kirkland, order our "Malbec Flight" and we will take 10% off :-)
Cold pizza for brekky
natl officials wouldn't need 2nd jobs; they cash in post-term. $174K/yr is not "2nd job" necessary, u think?
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. -Joseph Pearce
All svr t-storms warnings now canceled or expired.
There is NO justification for a law like this - particularly one that relys on some cop who never has to justify himself.
#SomeWomenCantStand the hurtful truth so they look for comfortable lies...
Merry CHRISTmas! God Bless you and your family! xoxo
It's better to have loved and lost than to have to do forty pounds of laundry a week. Dr. Laurence J. Peter
Can you believe it's August 1st?! Time flies when you are having fun. We hope you have a great Monday!
better now?
Getting ready to leave for school... Fml. No phone until i get home cuz i have to be treated like a damn kid... :/
please tell me you're not reffering to my crazy ex gf!
Amen!!! True!!! RT : When The Grass Is Cut The Snakes Will Show
great job in the 2011 wrap up, you make mornings better!
good morning all...have a pleasant & productive day
Hope your week gets better
Ok I get it - Facebook when your happy, Tumblr when bored, Tweet when your pissed off & Pintrest if your a total idiot... Got it!
This shouldnt stress me out this much #iwish i didnt care
There aint enough time in the day to digest all the bullshit and lies yall be feedin me
Like I'm made of glass, Like I'm made of paper Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground Like a skyscraper <3
It's 2012 and people want to use Facebook but need to learn the basics.
Fair play .. entertaining stuff
ALL RAPPERS AND SINGERS COME JOIN #HLE TODAY TO ENJOY THE BENEFITS OF FREE STUDIO TIME IN A #GREAT #REAL STUDIO!!! HIT UP
ARE YOU IN PORTLAND?!
I bet you anything you want that wont see this tweet and follow me.
Hi Damon, new twitter for me
: does that horror have anything to do with recognizing (part of) the self in the visually monstrous?
#MXpresidentialDebate AMLO vs Peña: "you copied my 2nd floor hwy project, but mine is a free road"
trust me he isn't good anymore. I would know
Big changes! Getting my eyebrows done! I have to unfollow a lot of people, tell me if I unfollowed you on accident. xoxo.
u can slang that shit. but dont use it no matter what
Saturdays shaping up to be an epic one getting excited with Leedo aka
#s12tot hi! I'm at UT-Austin in the school of information. Asst. Prof interested in scholarly information infrastructure
Something Smell like Deer Piss!
U showed me how to lie
It's official - I need to find a nice old picnic blanket ASAP!
Would be nice if live stream of #oetc12 didn't require flash - you know access from all devices.
I remember how excited I would get when a new high school musical movie would be coming out
I meant before they wrote that ending. I admit though Whedon was starting to do what he always does with loved characters
My dad is buying me Nutella. :D!
Thanks for the RTs! :)
Looking for a Legal Reference Librarian in DC with tax research experience - contact me if you know anyone looking!
getting ready for run this evening!
flexible girl :D like that picture and icon as well :D YOU GO GIRL!! ;D
Le sigh... Back to reality
never pictured you as a quitter. A Dreamer? yes. Quitter? No.
Sick as mutha EyeS Is red as a mutha hope this shit go away
what's your final four look like?
no problem! Lol I must say that does somewhat concern me though haha jk
Ty Doug for following<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
should drop Rush Limbaugh completely and gain DC listeners. I know many that have stopped listen to that station!
RT : All #Blazers Fans if you want to me meet and my bro ! Come to Big Al's in Beaverton!!
heh. You called my ass cute.
Industry is the soul of business and the keystone of prosperity. -Charles Dickens
Spurs party on!! GO SPURS GO!!
Gym done..
mommy told daddy to stfu and sleep on the couch.
bunk sandwiches, mi mero mole, brass tacks sandwiches, or food carts downtown.
Crazy excited after a great #Thunder win last night, but there are still 6 more games and we need to win 3 more. On the game 2!
Wow. Dump me then like my best friend? Whatever. Fml.
Is it just me or are normal sized headbands banned in Lebron games? Everyone else wears normal sized ones when he isn't playing..
ah! What happened?
If Obama's speech screws up #CougarTown tonight... #iwillnotbeahappycamper. At all.
Really well done, Andy. I remember when NCOD was created by Rob Eichberg & Jean O'Leary. We need more of that energy today.
tax info is like pollen and providers of tax info R like bees, reliable or useless characterizes the users conclusion as a flower or a weed
We are just starting an 8hr Day , Creativity in motion in the
who wants me to be weird and give you guys my role play like a boss???? lol
Pound the Alarm!
Its gonna be tough gettin it but its gotta be gotten because the familys gotta be taken care of...
OMG YES BACON BUNS I CANNOT WAIT I DREAM OF THOSE
HANIE IS BAD. By "bad" I mean all life stopping instantaneously and every molecule in my body exploding at the speed of light!
well good luck! Keep the twitterverse appraised of your news. And happy finals!
fair enough...
that's a nice come back.
Dear neighbor, probably in my building: In case you are wondering where they've gone too, your board shorts on my lanai.
LA can't muster the energy.
I need a nap but Arianna ain't gonna let it happen. :(
sweet! I'll cheer really loud for you!
oh cool thank u so much
Hey RaiderNation, we're one nation under a groove, getting down just for the funk of it One nation under a groove, nothing can stop us now!
I agree to an extent I think u raised good point about injury but I think he has changed to an extent
rolie-pollie-ollie looks fun today~! Smooth moves Sailor
Come visit me soon.
Lol I hope no one read that.
What are they protesting?
I love you too please come back Like reunion me you dani badildo
PARTY ROCK ": May 2nd we're going in for my dude Party Rock birthday with djdainjazone."
Spirit airlines might be the worst airline ever! Just saying...I'll second that
News flash people the are in the hunt for the Stanley Cup!! Quarterfinals start real soon!
“: I'm not shocked RT : today on twitter: Idris Elba & Raven Symone are gay.” :::Already Knew it ,
The California CHP officer with Oregon Duck tattoo KOIN6
haha thats so funny! definitely not the karaoke experience we were expecting
Driving thru Schenley Park blasting on this summery day.
damn dagger.
'You got a full size horse in your back seat! Who are you?'
Excited to find out we're going to have a section in the upcoming Bellinghamster Magazine. Gotta do the fun events differently. Pondering.
i hope he gets kreider city.... Hammer city
:O QA: My hair is thinning?!?!? soap
that's my goal too!
In freaks' Tarot card poker game, the hole card comes up Ace of Cups ("Injury by a Trusted Friend") and the psychic's guilty lover shudders.
I actually have a private account () I'm using my pseudonym for. I wish I'd started with it before I built a following.
Sugar Shout Out: Celeb Engagement Rings, DIY Makeup, Denim Icons &amp; Lots More!
I use like a file of magazine tear sheets- things I want to remember, looks I live, tips, recipes, ideas.
Am I the only one really grossed out by handkerchiefs?
Trick or Treat ? ! <U+2665>
Excellent bar in DC. Thanks Diana!
Sen Buck - how many parents are successful in getting expulsions reversed?
Just finished my last final exam of all time! Forever! It's over! No more!
happy turkey day bro!
I wish Philly would get a little louder I can't hear the "you can't beat us" chant... Weird...
Heard the new rascal flatts song, banjo, thought it was a commercial for the singing bee!
Umass has a dude that makes Anthony Davis look like Renardo Sidney.
David Houle says we are moving from the info age to the shift age at DCVistage2012.
@ Britt's!
No plans tonight? come check out Carvin Jones 9pm Reverse Happy Hour starts at 10pm
I always #followback !
nothing really what u been up to
Great sites! RT Two favorites for music are and Curated by real people, then sorted by popularity.
yeah do that, I think that's sexy a fine ass girl like you who play video games
can't wait to come back in the summer it be better and blast
happy happy easter!!! church soon then a relaxing day with my family to follow #ilovemychurch&family <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Will someone help me with followers?
I've heard of "ants in your pants", but NOTHING like this.
Damn nature, you scary
being noticed by is almost impossible, i want that he know how much i support him but he never see my tweets =( .
Your video was so moving, I got a little teary. Well done!
ill send them to you tonight ..
RT : First game ever at ends: #Columbus beats #Belen 6- 4 in a nail-biter.
Seriously made my morning, thanks for sharing! Happy Monday to you too. :)
Omg this episode is freaking Amazing :D
"Mackintosh's four shows (#Cats, #LesMiserables, #PhantomoftheOpera, #MissSaigon) have run on #Broadway for more than 62 years total and...
Game didn't live up to my expectations but w.e at least Barca lost... what's going on with messi and barca?
America has got serious problems this year. shouldn't have went home. :(
It's my lower back.
Proper incorporation of main and meta tags can raise the ranking of the web site. Keep the wisely.
Guess I will get married today.
Russ Smith has to play at least 22 minutes of the next 24 in this ball game for Louisville to win. He is the only scorer on that team.
They don't pay very well either. I signed up to be a contributor earlier this year, but you get 1/20th of a cent per transaction.
Super ugly criers, too!! RT : also, all of the boys crying - right ?
Terrific is an understatement...You can' beat NYC on such a day!
Putting the crew together for the movie. A sound guy is so relevant to have on set.
Who's celebrating birthday at Savoy Sunday??
Reminder, today and tomorrow are the last opening days for the #usfplib (and #usfp) until Jan 3. Open 8AM-5PM both days.
Shoutout to my new followers:
:) <3 sweet dreams:)
Could someone just be super nice and lend me $32,000 for the next four years? I just want to go to college :(
(1 flew over the cuckoo nest) 40,000 people Lobotomized in USA ,by called " Experts " , many ruined 4 rest of life.Don't trust the EXPERTS.
Moving an exercise bike today and it slipped out of my hand and fell solidly on my toe. Pretty sure it's broken.
Lmfao. Never again
I'm not convinced making #Hispanics2012 a campaign hashtag is a great idea. It would however, make a great t-shirt for
Going to see transformers 3d xd.
“: roll on Bum! How much longer you playing tonight?” till 2am cst
All i'm saying is that girls who have pink hair will do things that girls who don't have pink hair won't do.
Getting inside the DeLeo bros. musical heads...an eye opening experience for Thanks !
Just grabbed tix for on Saturday night . Lookin fwd to seeing it live. Truly part jazz, part SRV. Luv Twisted Blues!
Go go go keep going ... Don't stop ... Don't quit ... Give the world your best .... and you are a winner ...
You Smilin For What Reason.?
Headed to #hfes2010? Be sure to say hello to SMI's Mark & Jennifer! Cc/
email = out of control
I've written code in a pretty large range of languages and found features I like in all of them, is it okay if I just don't like perl?
who doesn't
I'm thinking a bit African as well
And now September needs to get here pronto!
Lol damn can't sleep time for a <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC> I wish someone else was awake!!
Chicago needs u both double team us and gang bang us pow
im cool(: and yeah im defffff good with mint
dragonfly pool by eva ibbotson on my kindle
OH MAN. The playoffs rule. Huge goal.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>that's right
I don't know, but that wld be a cool feature. Westlaw, etc., can do that w case #s, so it should be possible
Hell yeah! RT If we hooked up a shuttle that went back and forth to #HSt on gamedays (pre and post-game) would you use it?
I won't make it tomorrow, but I'll be on wed. Looking forward to hearing more!
At the local bar I go to, the bartender looks just like you but she has tons of tattoos. It's kind of weird actually.
Yeah, I need to get back to all of that. And I need to focus.
It comes to mind that anything/anyone associated w/ a "Palin" is surely not a winner. #Newt thanks Todd Palin for taking him down loser lane
Happy Pancake Day Liberal, Kansas!!!! Run Liberal Run:) <3
She say ” I CAN'T GET ENOUGH”
I want to play Six Degrees from Ms. Aviv!
Sending so much love to my dad who's in the hospital today! He's been fighting Stage IV cancer for a year. He is a gladiator.
Hector Hugh Munro~ He is one of those people who would be enormously improved by death.
oh, never mind. how do you get started on twitter? it's still not as fun as myspace or facebook to me. not enough going on.
10 Ways the NFL Got Ruined by Pop-Culture &amp; Technology
Superbowl Sunday move?
Thanks! Are you referring to my dress? Thank you!
Now I'm confused lol
Welcome aboard! Thanks for all you did in NY... Always gonna have a place here for YOU! Good luck with
this site is so wrong! What people do with their personal lives is their business! It shouldn't be shared on the internet!
Hey! I get my braces next Tuesday ( ; it's about time!
kinda pissed you think that about me...
I knw I miss yal too I feel out da application to cum bck out der & da AT&T so im cumin if day call me
I will never apologize for partying...unless it affects my ability to party at a later time...
at least we know now where all the celebs stay in NYC :)
Conda just got a little blonder!
70% of materials in the curriculum were out of date or out of print.
You dont look like much of a man from where I stand. Desperation showed its truth.
David asked if Pretty In Pink is the one with the sister's wedding or one with Duckie. Said I hope they shrivel up and fall off.
There was SO much #fiercepretty happening on that dance floor. Well done, Molly. Way to throw down.
It's a new dawn, it's a new day, it's a new life for me... And I'm feeling good!
Fulmer Cup is about to resemble the stock market ticker tape.
#Reds Aroldis Chapman's strikeout of Rickie Weeks: 100, 100, 99, 101. Some like it hot...some like it hot
treats his followers to "food porn" when he and David go out for dinner. It's quite entertaining. Take pics'n tweet!
It all starts with one. One person, one idea, one commitment to see it through.
So, I just scrolled upon on my TL. I thought this stuff over! Guess not.
Hate Mondays. Annoy Tuesday. Ignore Wednesday. Smile Thursday. Love Friday. Enjoy Saturday. Damn Sunday.
When Ariana said she's into things from the 50's, Paul Cannaday was NOT what she meant at all
No such luck, off to perf measurers instead.
Made it to the last check out step at and got denied. Major hang ups on the site today.
One grape vine produce can produce about 20 to 30 glasses of wine
Run Jonas Run Coomo los amo *-*
Pray is my favorite song
"It's very obvious that we are very concerned. We've set up emergency operation centers," CDC spokesman Dave Daigle told AFP.
You guys are welcome anytime!
congrats on the Chronicle article!
#Bumbershoot was badly organized this year, although seeing The Kills made up for the fact that we couldn't get into half of the shows.
I miss you baby
what is A is like one of the girls moms?! Weiirrrdddd. #Aday :)
Help us get to 3,000 likes on Facebook before we release our music video! Tell all your twitter friends to check out our page!
Seriously? That just made my month. Where will you be reading? I'll be in LA area the week of 31 Oct.
FOLLOW ME. I read an article in the Post bout ur pay cut...u admire ur handling of the situation. Ill always remember you!
is so awesome everyone should follow her.
Love you too girlfraaaaand! :D
I thought gmail forgot about changing me back to New Version & I'd gotten away with keeping Old Version. Nope. Cruel fate caught up today.
Or the Chargers. RT : U know who's really sick right now after Brees breaks record. The Miami Dolphins. Should of signed him!
haha<3 how old are you now?:)
Homeless man with no shoes bummed a smoke and took a call on his iPhone. Wasn't expecting that last part.
Awkward geting up early, having the little cousin see her Easter basket & then everyone going back to sleep..even the dogs lol :)
#saturdaylibrarian, manning the reference desk and pondering the future...
. Great service at Evans Toyota on Saturday! They found some problems during routine maintenance and finished same day!
Presidential vote commences again...
May not be wise to go to San Francisco again in July, I may not want to leave.
Last day for the NHRA's Northwest National Open. $10 adult admission. Don't miss out on the excitement!!!
lol for sure! i went to reply to someone and i told me i was over my message limit thats when i realized it!
Alright, Ima talk to you Monday, Ima give you a little treat *wink* We gonna talk about business
it can be done, you just have to customize it for your needs. So excited for you!
Also, this will shock you but the audience for Dirty Dancing is trending female.
I hear u, but I'm not sure UK spends too much time worrying about that when 24,000 show up for Samford, Radford & Lamar.
Listening to talk about
All these cute couples at Avengers... And I'm here with my brother.
they just know you're addicted
just facts, people.//“: Gundy: "We won by 34 points against the 10th ranked team in the country."”
are you around at lunch? Still wanna pick your brain on js, rails bridge before we all depart...
if thats my diamonds..
<U+E412><U+E412><U+E412> RT : this new skirt make my ass look phat . looks are deceiving !!! lmao
you caught me blue handed x)
RT : Who is attending #EarthDay celebration on Sunday?! #car2go will be there!
I might drop a bomb of myself on soldier field, what you guys think???
Thanks! I'd love to see a pic of it running in your dock.
Sending you big hugs.
oh, you have a nice memory.
Working out the details on upcoming projects
Luis the ref
Is it the weekend yet???
RT : #Adobe planning to build a billion-dollar SaaS business.
Wth happened last night?
RT ": #IMightBeWrongBut It always seems like good people receive the worst treatment, & the bad ones prosper."
Marshalls! Thanks for watching ;-)
take'em back I like the other ones...!lol
FUCK IT ALL I MISSED THE KIDS CHOICE AWARDS
Tonight! Locust Productions Presents: Blackbird opens tonight!!!!!!
I am OFFICIALLY going to UNC - Chapel Hill this fall!!
I want to play Starhawk some more but knowing that I get nothing after a disconnect, and they happen all the time, makes me rage inside.
We LOVE our fans! Tonight maybe your night to win an iPad2.Easy,Fun & FREE to play.Put some excitment in your Mon. night's.www.playffnow.com
DON'T FORGET 4/21 a very special Norah Jones 7" proceeds to benefit Lost Pines / Bastrop recovery efforts!
I am fluent but I still like to read recaps just in case I missed something. Plus it is fun to read recaps anyway :)
Is having yummy cocktails with Eilecia @ the Mondrian in SoBe :-D
In denial of how much homework I have these next 2 weeks
555- Yourr pretty Chill &sweet! I dont think we've talked before. tweet me sometime :)
Deleting one 'ha' from your 'hahahhahaha' because you feel like it's too much.
There are some days when it's nothing but work wall to wall, and it might be hard, but you have to remember - someday it will be worth it.
Take me with you.
luckily all we needed was one vote
Did you hurry out or still here? Want to see you!
Nothing !!!! Just I told you that I block
staff reporting being repeatedly bumped out of webclient yesterday and today.
#Taxes are due by the end of the month! Who's doing your #bookkeeping? 775.348.9225
As crazy as I am, You stay saying shit, that even I wouldn't retweet.
So just had dinner now time for some party time lol naa just a chill kinda night
Dude at the bar just sung "Fuck Her Gently" by Tenacious D to my friends and I. All I can say is WOW!
I'm about to be out. Go when I get back??
The message from our station hosts- it's important for ALL of us to VOTE!
Watched the trailer - not obsessed
Has anybody really went dumpster diving? If so what were the treasures??
Republican speak: regular, "let me have some soup." GOP SPEAK: "Let me have some job killing soup"
Not bout to fuck my good thing up
no sank a yew !
Feeling god.
MIDDAY WEDNESDAY at noon: Reversing terrorist radicalization, University of Maryland Response to Terrorism
that fine I had someone do that to me too
If you have a TWITTER Drop Ya Name on here and We Can Link Up!!
Social/economic disparity top 1% vs bottom 99%; worldwide societies waking up; speaking out #OWS POLICE take orders frm 1%, don't blame PDs
it was actually clean when I got done with it thank you very much. Not my fault my swag is on a hundred.
RIP Gary Coleman. A part of my childhood memories. You were a good man and you will be missed.
Stomach ache! :(
.: Nobody asking mayor how much $ being spent to roust protesters. says been asking. Answer sposed 2 b coming.
What You Get From Facebook Pages: Default Information
Programing Server possible fix to ongoing problem
Thanks for the RT, Joyce
Exactly. RT : My favorite is the part where Keller makes clear he's completely ignorant of the current state of copyright law.
Wish they'd warn us ahead of time when #Packers wear their throw-up unis, so we could take some pepto
thank you very much. I love when people like my studio. Reach out anytime
hey! Im taking credit for naming that one, along with the guys at kill shakespeare!
I ate me a veggie 4 the 1st time & it was pretty good :)
You say you're happy to be with me yet you don't stay with me longer than a week
on making out during a movie: "With prices these days, my date's lucky if I even acknowledge their existence in the theater!"
I hate when Ive drank a lot but I sober up so there's no point in drinking all that amount again to get drunk cause that'll kill my body.
It's almost time for a brand new RMG newsletter! There's just SO much awesome stuff happening to tell you guys about!
Hey my Boo!
Umm... Chipotle is owned by McDonald's? What?? Is this true?
Of course I remember you, hope you are doing good. says hello! Hopefully we will get to see you soon.
O There is going to be a one time only Cirque du Soleil piece tonight at the #Oscars!
Hope you had a great workout! RT : I'm Out! here I come.
Who thinks a potato-skin #pizza would taste epic? Bacon, sour cream, the whole nine yards...
MLA in Philadelphia
I'm definitely on Cloud 9. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Go Hawks! The just put up a 97-87 win over the pacers with a huge 28 point 12 board game from Josh Smith
Are you enjoying your Sunday?
#Globalcensorshipyale starting now with a panel on the effectiveness of online activism. I'll be tweeting from here intermittently until Sun
fresh gear just in
I'd like to officially thank my iPod for shuffling to Dave Alvin twice this AM - its now a Guilty Men Wednesday.
The Huff children are representing me this day!
Spurs who weren't with team in last postseason - Leonard, Jackson and Diaw - making superb impact.
Bailey is the best!(:
Am I really feeling OG Tonight im not sure
aww, babe, you are so sweet - would love to see you in your nurse's uniform. Haha - feeling better & horny - been watching a bit of
#nowfollowing <U+261E> Her tweets contain material that may not be suitable for some viewers. Viewers discretion advised....
what? leaving SDSU? where are you headed?
what are you studying?!
depends on the film? :P
And we can show them with emoticons... :)
thanks! Honored to be a contributor among such esteemed company.
u got that right haha
Pahahaha chill girly :) its just ur fone actin a fool! Relax and enjoy MY OREOS!!! :)
I wanna go the CMA festival this summer,
if its not a big deal to you, then why get people in trouble?
3 more weeks and I'm out of this shitty place.
Who's next for the legendary kill list this year Wicked Will has gone missing his name will be on the kill list wherever Demonic Will be!!!!
Is Aaron Craft drunk? #gobucks ??
thanks for the support
Because I love you so so so so much I'll make a video only for you Guys !!! Tell me if someone wants to be a part of this video ?
is Maya ok? Do you see Dr.Neumann?
Had lunch today. Delicious as always!
G'mornin' people. Where my nutjobs at? Let's make the internet a distraction today. More than usual.
Tonight! MXTP! Be there. Gonna be a blast.
i changed my name :)
The language of friendship is not words but meanings
Coming down 71 was the long way even when I lived 10 miles east of my present location. No better option though.
Just ran about 6-8 miles with I think I'm dead
. LOL! I went ahead and followed two days early. I can be a rebel, too.
Hangin with my kid and listening to Coldplay! Blame it on a rush of blood to the head!
the hair is the source of my powers, don't tell!
Roddy White of the NFLs Atlanta Falcons, is slowly becoming my favorite NFL player. Dude speaks the truth...
My 5th period teacher called me a mira mira. O.o
RT : My advice for TIGER, give Foley a putting lesson, so you can remember what you do! Not the other way around..C,MON!
": RT“: ... one of Fast Company's 100 Most Creative People in #Business” I agree!"
I support Bieber. But sometimes, you gotta make fun of him. :) Shawty Shawty Shawty Swag Swag Swag Shawty Swag Snow in November :) haha
#AskSpurlock can I plz see a black hero in a movie that's not a drunk
ha! Just be sure he doesn't get his hands on a bat!
Last month 1,597 Florida Welfare Applicants declined to take drug test. 32 failed and 7,028 passed. The testing program will deliver savings
Driving drunk boy home just became more of a game of hoping the car he's aiming his cap gun at isn't a cop.
I'm taking my shirt to Panama City Beach, is that bad luck?
Thank God for my music & my speakers <U+2764> or else i dnt even know how i could everr do homework <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Don't pay a single penny for #SEO until we have achieved results for you. We are now accepting performance based payments. Please Retweet
My mom has Been on my ass lately & idk why
“: Porn stars: please send me your blog posts to edit before you post them. I can do this free of charge.” Class act defined.
AWOL by Broadway has never been more relevant to my life right now. I want to go back in time a week.
TV Commercials: "Call in the next 10 minutes and recieve all this for free!" Pshh. . . Like they know when I watched this. . .
He said I got Your back #smh questionable!
PLEASE TELL HIM TO FOLLOW ME!:) Pleasee.. --->
lol nahh i dont do dat stuff. dont wanna f up my life before i become a lawyer and make my own private school
#ilovemydadeventhough he says I'm having too much fun
lolzzzzz love it
MT Walker policies chase jobs out of WI - 4,000+ lost in March. New ad campaign will make this a major #wirecall issue.
I am fine how are u bud
please follow??? Thanks!
Omg caught up on REVENGE!!!!!! amazing!!!
working hard!! You go boy! How's HI?
Sometimes if u give a little, u might be surprised if u get some in return!!!
#GoTribe Can we get a win? 1 more inning
Great spot and proud member of the Cider Revolution! Check it out!
Um...I want that salad pizza in my mouth immediately. That's what she said? :)
two things i'm not used to: (1) a porous packers defense and (2) commentators talking about the opposing qb more than our qb
Give us your Mental, Your Barmy, Your Gotham masses yearning to be Green. Join & Support in #NYC. #RCTID No Pity Coast to Coast!
thanks so much guys, great night!
Back from gym. Signed up.
OH I REMEMBER WHEN WAS ON THE CUZ I WAS IN LOVE WIT ANFERNEE PENNY HARDAWAY
Lol. I'll post it on twitter but hopefully it won't be necessary. RT : bring out the clippers!
“: #ThingsMyBestfriendsDo always think of ways to get us killed, or worse, expelled”
she was the queen of the night! this is heartbreaking...
How are we currently using Web2.0 applications in our organisations? #Web20Lsk It will be nice to get feedback on this one
The Masters is the only place where you are proud to sport a jacket that would get you banned from the club anywhere else
Josh Hamilton's numbers to start the year are unreal!
Already on pg.63 of The Lean Startup. Pretty great book.
Hey guys how's everyone day good or bad?
When I've been shut out and persuaded I'm not fit for the presence of God, Jesus reaches out an touches me! Mark 1:40-45
AWE Snap!! #SwampPeople season 3 starts TONIGHT!! Not sure why I love this show :) #WeirdAddiction #TootEmElizabeth #Yea..Yea..Yea..Yea!!
Wow so many people had something so nice to say too me in the past two days haha it's me Daniel rosa from the voice!!! Please follow me!
Fat Vanessa tells me Willie Nelson smoked a 500 dollar bag of weed.
On this pamphlet they handed out at testing it says results will be emailed in 7-10 business days.
Wolves in sheep clothing.. Thy really exist RT Beware of those who attempt to be close to u only to destroy u!!!
I'm looking for latin style cooks for SalsaPalooza. Salsa music stars, Food & Wine. California & Fla shows. anyone Interested?
thank you for the follow
Going to get me & alaysia sum shoes & a outfit alike to take mothers day pics
Ugh...well, in other news, no Ruutu tomorrow...that should help.
His career is now on life support! That's politics!!
GPS Systems intended for Ntp Time Servers and Timing Programs
that's cool
*embarrassed* =D
Laser eye surgery, what a waste of money. Two weeks and my eyes haven't fired a single laser yet.
Last day for Made 2 Move Fitness. Go to www.bigbeedeals.net to check out the deal.
Wow, only a month away from work and I had forgotten how horrible Sakai was.
Was the bodyguard that found Whitney Houston THE bodyguard? #toosoon?
I may not use these quote, but I<U+FFFD>m printing and have already taken time to reflect on a few
totally agree
here ill dm you
Did you know: Smackdown on SyFy: last Friday, more people watched Smackdown than the NFL Draft on ESPN! <OVER THE LIMIT12>
no school tomorrow, still gotta get up early tho !
It's hard being with someone that everybody wants
Yes. Deep breaths when feeling confined. Good luck!
Congrats to ALL #DNation runners who ran the Chicago Polar Dash and the You #milwaukee #runners rock!
when was this?! It doesn't show up on his YouTube comments & such.. 0.o
The true aesthetic moment lies between pornography and didacticism
Happy Birthday I wish you the very Best. This is your Year! You're a Blessing in my life and I love you for that, Squeeze
He's always in and out, so he doesn't count.
A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving
But the whole concept of a surname is fraught with Christian overtones, so there is a point behind it all.
A drop in the ocean,A change in the weather I was prayin that u n me might end up together... <3<3 Ron pope on replay is helping kinda...
Breathe like an athlete - Kansas City Star
hey.. can we use your pic of the parking Jagoff for a blog post on our blog?
S/O To all the fans that still dnt hav a follow frm him iclude me
LOL. Later (x Promise.
Hello Twitter World. It's nice to be here!
UFC 130 live on pay per view! Get here early tonight. Happy our til 6pm. Going to be great night of fun
what did u do now?
Enjoyed 30 miles of running this weekend...
Your team is not there to affirm you, they are there to fulfill the vision! Via
It involved
From the perspective of a traditional conference, at an unconference the attendees are the program committee
Rick Santorum was a member of the first Olympic Jamaican Bobsled team
Beauty! RT Loving the #bashh vibe w & more!
Angela Chase's mom just fed acid to Roger Sterling!
RT “: On the court for Butler right now, a preview of 2012-13: Aldridge-Hopkins-Woods-Fromm-Marshall.”
I remember the librarians more than some of my teachers ... a long time ago.
Himalayan Salt overstock sale ends tommorow. Shop now to save big. Have a great day.
what did you get on your paper?
was the show stopper but is the show stealing mouth dropping performer ! Last night proved it !
Word challenge: Use "flabbergasted" in casual conversation before noon! Tweet when u do! Good luck!
#BrianKelly's comments or not...#NotreDameFootball players bond together to beat a classy #NavyFootball team...Congrats all & GO IRISH!
Is it bad that I find staying home with Pinterest and a can of cranberry sauce a perfectly acceptable Saturday night?
Rocca still mediocre...
HURRY UP & stop being a tease!
That's why when I order the California Club at TGI Fridays, I ask for no avocado. This girl's a genius. :)
Definitely gonna get out of this stop sign ticket when I plea "I like, totally paused."
i follow anyone
need some new followers...follow me
Surreal... #addicted2 39 dollars, shotgun and bazooka included. (via )
Hadn't heard of them. Thanks for the mention!
Last call: Who wants to be my guest (comped) for Scottsboro Boys, Sat 8pm at The Old Globe in SD? You'd meet me at the theatre.
Watching this Lakers game is like looking at the scene of an accident, or some saying like that? Its ugly yet I can't turn it off
People interested in SCAPE should follow their tweets
great food at awesome view as well
that's ok Ricky, save em for the 2nd half.
I've been great ! So caught up with dance and school! (:
Google AdWords Tests Trusted Stores Endorsements
Making candy! Sounds fancy. What do you make?
Can of soup on my desk expired Nov 2009. How long does that mean its been sitting there?
They need to legalize weed, not gays
...and it's frickin' fast!
In PPR probably a safer play, but I still like the upside of Cribbs. In standard scoring Cribbs. Did you get Moore in last night?
should rename this show "dan le batard is highly unfunny"
where isit taking place????
I was badly beaten and my throats raw from screaming. I can't breathe. How the fuck does no one hear my screams. Why wasn't I helped?
At #SaveKLSD Premiere. "Must See" Film abt. Media Consolidation. Avail on. Amazon.
We follow the Golden Rule #followus and we #followback #Denver and as always with #gratitude, #appreciation and
folks b so #petty dez days its crazy dats y i jus stay to my mf self !!!!
oh yeah that is so true. Haha
RT : Breaking news: The Indianapolis Colts have released all of their fans.
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
I don't know if I feel the love... I feel something closer to a burnng sensation
There are monitoring systems in all rooms at Groves.
Faith lyin she aint goin to bed she gettin ready to come stay the bight at my house
u know when u realize that the cats already out the bag and thats basically it...theres no turning bk? yh that -________-
Yeah. It was very quick. I only had time to check once, but we were on pace with AP. I'd call the BOE, for sure!
So I unfollowed a few Metro critics today. Openly mocking the transit agency isn't productive, and my feed is better without them.
good to see you on twitter, partner!
It's a blurry line sometimes : figuratively fellas... But who knows... Lol RT
I cringe whenever comes on my Pandora. Can't stand that band. This "For the First Time" song is pretty good, though.
grab your jacket on the way out cause it is WINDY!!!!
life is boring unless you meet someone....
As they say, you have to be lucky to be good and good to be lucky, that's what the Dodgers have been since the sale to Magic!
JuT got to the Bon Jovi concert, consellatiob prize for the KQ contest.....i think we're gonna go to a dingy stripvlub instead.....no wait..
thanks Eve, I'm exotic like that lol, u hollywood in urz!
LETS DO 1 MILLION COPIES! CANT WAIT FOR THE RELEASE...... WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM OR GOOGLE IT
Thanks for spreading the word Stanton!
Am I really eating a dry (no dressing) salad right now??? Who am I......?
Pretty sure I'm going to take myself on a movie date tomorrow.
#wewontworkoutif there is no airconditioning in the gym lol
what #MakesMeMad is the fact that a friend you were so close with can change in a matter of seconds and become your enemy!! smh..
Guess what? Tons of Marsh Marigolds r up now. Won't be long until there's a bunch more. Going looking 4 trilliums next. ;)
#girlsnightlive is going to be in Arlington, TX on March 22nd at the Pantego Bible Church.
Such a beautiful day out! Take advantage of it and go out for a run or play some soccer! Be Sportaneous!
That's cool! Thanks for following me.
Too much information? IDGAF
60 minutes a day is what they say : )
Bushwhacking or whackingbush. Things I like to beat around.
works mostly in other disciplines: computer science, humanities, speech recognition, making resources more available
And mybest friend likes my other best friend. :/
MT : there's something to be said for "thinking inside a tool."
Getting ready for work..!!
Paris like to drink, Paris like to smoke, Paris like to drink Arm&Hammer with her coke haha
young man, you need to stop it this instant!!!!
going shopping!
can I be in the story
o love your blog <3 :)
love u too, bro. Def gonna try to get to Nola in April.
Taxpayers deserve more from than an inaccessible vehicle w no promise of local jobs -- from a company doing business in Iran
no way! YOU'RE in!
EVERYONE WANT TO BE IMPORTANT.
how do you feel about left field
Same Day Appts #Salon & Full #Barber Home of the $75 #weave #braids Full Grooming and Shoe shine.
The twitterverse should know how much I love my boyfriend,
Hey Scott, gr8 meeting you.hoped you'd take tourney down. I'd like to interview you soon- now, if you've time? or mayB satrday?
YES! guh. Quite a shocking difference when you are expecting smooth and creamy
thx for the RT, and for keeping your stuff free.
It's starting to snow downtown.
me too lol
Can't wait for my lunch at later.
Hi Cynthia! I would love to attend! thnx, dale diercks
We have been on Twitter 2 years today!
some people lol
I'm trying I am
Getting ready to hit the gym Hard!
Whoever refuses to remember the inhumanity is prone to new risks of infection.
I've always wanted to be a werewolf or vampire in a show or movie. Looks fun! :D
haha I will
See what's happening on VAF Page and Group. New stuff!
Sneaky under table tweet/ sly wank moment
The #Bills signed T.O. once too. Relax.
Cats on a roll!
#Mitt2012 RT : Everybody does dumb shit in high school. Not everyone targets a gay student because he is gay & assaults him.
I don't think ESPN is ready. RT Watching Around the Horn w/ and we think that should be on there.
Don't forget to register for Friday's 1pm User Group showcasing our myCampus Mobile 2.0 app ! Email to sign up!
On student loans. Others already broke it RT Sorry guys, still no on-record guidance about 's announcement at 4p
My android phone just played a jazz song all by itself. Is someone trying to tell me something?
bro these are cold. Remember that day you had those all black ones on they were crusty lol
I WANT TO WIN the EYENIMAL pup cam from
Some of the BEST young actors in the world to
At this damn meeting
Happy Birthday! Have a good'n as your 18;) xx
Unknown Author: Success depends on your backbone, not your wishbone
OK these Yahoo CAPTCHAs are getting annoying to max...
Im not even hungry no more
why you say that ? (:
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 The Rules of Camping
who u think wins that game tonight?
thanks for showing love <3333
Proud of my bro and UW grad who's doing his best for in Houston. Appreciate the shoutout from !
That's gorgeous! <3 :)
Hope you’ve had a relaxing Sunday so far! We’re ready for dinner—a classic hamburger and Belgian fries with a side of Jack Daniel’s Ketchup!
chillin an u
you make French fries! I called dinosaur nuggets and fancy sauce... Also why do we always want to make the same food?
3 on that rally
#HappyBdayRyan :) 16!! :) You are amazing,talented,handsome,and perfect :) have a GREAT birthday<3
Another great day of executive coaching n Buckhead! 1 new client emailed me mid-afternoon 2 say 'Thanks,I feel like I can b myself '
just an FYI lovejoy is doing a live town hall on tonight so feel free to join and ask him whatever!
Sammie is jealous they get moms attention
im a #bielieber a #iconiac an #mollyiac and #mikezter a #nickanator a #mad girl a #millieator a #grand girl a #chachinator a
I just be up late as hell
followback,is Sexy related to sexy tweets
We leave for SXSW tomorrow! Anyone else going?
My Opinions have no fucks involed ..Can you dig it?
So sappy, but I feel like I already got my #PerfectGift when I got this job! Tell yours and will donate $1 to
Happy Jazz Thursday! Have a great summer evening!
Missing my guys :(
Thanks for following us, Louise!
My birthday is in 3 days and I still look like a 14 year old. -_-
WSU Regents approve design for new Northside Residence Hall - Will be b/w Regents & Streit-Perham across from Track
it's my yaris.
Online(: havent been on this in forever .__.
Was just in a meeting w/Ken Kramer & a guy who worked on holographic Tupac. Balboa Park 2015 should be amazing.
The energy has been taken from this game. Understandably so
24 Hours to Launch.. please check your gear and await the countdown
I love so much right now.
RT : Did you know today is World Water Day? I didn't. I was telling the kids about how some people don't even have......
after hearing those songs I don't think it should be free
the more I see what is saying the more I think he has absolutely no clue about anything
beautiful day and night at Pier 60 today.
Santorum holding up an etch a sketch while talking about Romney
We are a must stop for savvy fashionistas, recessionistas, and recyclistas. Vintage Collection launches April 9.
NETWORK ~ ~ WE DON'T WANT SMALL CONVO JUST BIG BUCKS ...INTERNATIONALLY
usually its some rogue app u let have access to your twitter acc... i'd check those u gave permissions 2
It hurts when you want someone you can’t have. It hurts even more when you’ve lost someone you’ve once had.
Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over
Here to help new or seasoned real estate investors!
Follow us back. Boston loves what you do!
this was taken down. We frequently give people trials so they can feel the awesomeness of domu. Who doesn't like free leads?!
If two past lovers can remain friends, its either they are still in love, or never were.
Hello peeps, whats good for today?
its okay beautiful !
My love my heart is breathing for this moment. ~one direction(moments)<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
#barebonesfilmfestival It's almost Turkey Day with , , ,
I wonder what Facebook's problem was!?
Frankly, I don't see how the whiteboard isn't standard issue in every cubicle or office.
You can do eeet, Josie! Don't give up.
Amazing dance scene in my new short film...Choreographed by ATL Performer
good thing I brought my jacket, it's going to rain <U+2614><U+2614><U+26A1><U+2614> and I'm cold
I believe that everyone would have been moved and touched in some way by that performance.
ah :D where are you from again hun? :)
Awesome! Cool looking Betta! I'm going to get some tonight, my one take is looking sad after my oscar died.
Wincing. Perry's talking. Hold on!
I jus Cooley Cool'd Up my FOLLOW ME
you still haven't taken my picture off?
Anyone else get turned on by the big bad wolf? Wish he was huffing and puffing outside my house right now.
I don't know but I feel I did something wrong .. hunmmm. I just feel that.
I got that job with dave. I start in a couple weeks.
Social overkill? Enterprise-level companies of over 1000 employees now average 178 corporate-owned social media accounts.
thank u
Great! See you there :)
Exactly. I like this optimism :) RT : yes, but it shows dedication that you're already planning it on Monday!
Green Apple Lemonade <3
Get your snazzy Lottie's T-shirt now! All cotton w/ pleasing colors and design.
You ain't gotta lie to kicc it,Just be yourself
Yes, wish it was more than one a month! I think some libraries are now lending books via Kindle too
Poised Creation is committed 100% to changing the world through non-profit charities!!!
Crazy Bitches of Comedy are returning to Jokerz Wild in CT this Friday the 13th! Hope to see all of you there !
(con) I'm all like hi I'm Nolan..... Like I don't think I belong here at all
I'm so exhausted :( I really want a massage right now!
All I know is I don't want this night to end
I've said it before but I'll continue to do so until I'm blue in the face. The Facebook app for iPhone sucks... Yet still I use it
Trust issues.
I hate school. It sucks. I lost my book, probs wont see it again. My teacher scares me. What to do... #ignoreit?
WE WILL BE HOSTING A PARTY WITH SWEET LUX AT OUR FIRST EYE CANDY FASHION EVENT TONIGHT!
Gronkowski reminds me of Drago in Rocky IV! He's so gi-normous!
This is gonna sound weird but you just took the shape od a unicorn for a minute.
The guy in Princess Diaries 2 is handsome <3
Good to have some days off. Tomorrow back to the real world though.....
OMG. That's amazing! cc: RT : Have you seen this account?
Another great day in Nashville!
fancy pants.
you cute btw
Go buy some new merch, you won't regret it...all the cool kids are doing it! RDBFamily <U+270C>
A few spots at #THATCamp Columbus have opened up due to cancellation! If interested, DM us or email thatcampcolumbus at g mail dot com.
My phones dying, my gas tank is empty, I'm beyond hungry, and I stink to high heaven but that's why I love BYX pledge retreat.
thanks!! weren't you gonna go? I remember you asking me if i was!
#beliebersowntwitter pretty much. yeah BITCH
I don't have Facebook but I still have twitter! ;-)
please insert some form of witty comment and pretend I said it
I would def be open to it...
Sorry for the delay while I was on vacation but thanks for the shout out. I appreciate the support. Stay safe!
Total rainout today. Nasty thunderstorms with hail. Regripping clubs and watching Wells Fargo instead of playing. Much rather be outside.
fuck people who stick their hand in the elevator seconds before it closes
... We're just not Gonna Be Cool Cuz i'll Kill Yo Lil Ass !
Trying my best. Ugh...so tired but at the same time, i'm excited to learn. Have to go in Sat to train w/ex op mngr.
Funny. That visual invokes The Matrix for some reason...
:( I got it gees sorry then
My friend recommended you. Love the website and magazine!
new #SegWoment: Lady HerOes, gotta love it
You only live once , so live & have fun
don't let the hot dogs stuff keep you up tonight! Urgent/important and delegation!
haha yeah. & nothing much, laying down with my doggie haha. You?
Confront today's challenges head on!
Just had the Best... Meeting... Evaarr... with a new partner/advisor/investor. Can't wait to show everyone what we developed this past year.
LMAOO LML (Like my loaf) loll
RT if you are preordering the Live Tour DVD! :)
making some bad ass shirts for your concert next friday :) we love u down here in Texas see you soon!!!
that's so romantical!
Her entire shoot had a Bangladesh government official on site which gave her a concern they would restrict her shoot
u are homie lets hang soon
#mycrazyobsession new album
We need a brain bowl/decathalon to settle mayor's race. Or mayor v food.
#authorizenet transactions going through, phew!!
Sprinting three blocks in a dress to frantically catch a bus even after your shoe flung off
hah vodka is the shit! wish i had some like last night! xD hah fuck the souls but praise the monsters! hah burnt as hell :D ready bitches?(;
will have to petition for relief more frequently; may increase the use of discovery referees and thus drive up costs
Yad Vashem was a great memorial of the Jews who die in the holocaust, but what of the 6 million others who were killed? Hardly any mention
Good luck, stay safe.
In the studio Wit n Big Lex workin on sum new shit Ready 2 go shut it down 2night at Zona
no im NOT !
O my people, hear my teaching; Listen to the words of my mouth.
How important of a political issue is medical cannabis? How do you feel about legalization?
they suck like that all across the board. it's incredibly hard to find benefits that don't feel like a
hitherto been deemed to be, surely it is to the interest of honest persons to know this fact, because the dishonest are tolerably
75 degrees here in the mad city. Unbelievable.
Happy Mothers Day
i got u boo
I love that movie.
I'm still sick :)
lol that's so funny. I went to the gas station that's all people were doing.
just read the other tweets. Love the outfit, and the ingenuity!
Up eArLy b0uT a gEt my hair did by SoFi..!feelin like ChANgE 2day! HhhhhmmmMM...!? What to do
stressing over not letting my girls down please help by choosing me
don't bro me if you don't know me.
Pretty hype that I'm having my open house with & though!
Q3: Thinking more in terms of ux/product strategy, how can we frame more LBS to not only be fun but "good for business"?
Also consider the restaurants at Whistling Straits & Blackwolf Run. Looks like there's a shuttle to Whis. Strait on the hour.
Follow him he's pretty chill
Can't say enough about how your teaching has promoted my success! Looking forward to more of the same! Happy 2011!
I was excused, so I'm good to go to the beach. Lovely as the experience yesterday was, I'm glad I'm not at jury duty again today.
“: Your turn... What is one of the worst movies you've ever seen?” Showgirls!!! Battlefield Earth!!
I need to spend sometime organizing my twitter lists to streamline my feed. Someone should automate this. Manual grouping seems barbaric.
Happy 5th Birthday !! :)
coffee and wine? That is a very interesting morning combo...I'll have to try that.
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
Well, kudos to for following up w/ me (on the phone) about their usability & documentation issues. Hope they fix them.
Just finishing some papers and drinkn some sweet peach tea wbu?
what do you mean how? This is twitter not texting lmao
Thanks for listening! Our apologies to Billy Joel... Not really. See you in two weeks, Marquette!
RT : Jojo Simmons RT : Name a artist who put in more work in these streets? #king of ny talk<---'diggy Simmons
you got no shot hyun!
Looks like the Huskies will be looking for a defensive coordinator.
#alwaysTRY Sounds like a really cool #song & Uhave been singing it a long time I have #art in my home frm '92-3 &B4 I get it
man, i dont understand twitter...
Went back over mixed media painting to be of rid all straight edges. That 'ole graphic designer part of me sneaks up from time to time.
we're on our way!
Yesterday some whore told me was stupid, today she found out she had AIDS
sitting on couch in DC just reading BR Tweets, and I swear yours gave me goosebumps.
Don't ever give up a good thing in search of a better thing or you will always end up disappointed. - Christian (mutiny on the bounty)
Its may ! Dollar burgers start today at rookies !:)
i don't believe in "swag"
That's your obvious winner! Might as well stop the trip right there. :)
So many political parties itching for the presidency. And more than 1 demanding end of corporate monopolies in Mexico
Brand new Cover Wars going up today! What song should it be?!
Family and loved ones no longer with us. #SomethingiMissTheMost "Keep your chin up and keep on moving"LCL. Gave us reason to make & create
your shady as fuck .
you're right. Muahaha.
What the HELL was #JoshSmith thinking?
#Didyouknow I only got 3 C's in my entire college career? Haha
Maybe we should put together a seminar or something.
Good morning!(:
FIREARMS & ACCESSORIES, FFL TRANSFERS, SPECIAL ORDERS, AND MUCH MUCH MORE!
That made my day :D
tonight's weather <U+2665> >
I can't wait to watch Revenge. I love that show.
Trees, flowers, grass grow in silence; the stars, the moon and the sun, they move in silence…God is discovered in the quiet moments - CHDyer
This evening, I just had a great time hanging with a great person who just so happens to be a great artist. Thanks Mickey!
DOES. NOT. EVEN. KNOW. Tragic.
Fine writing John. And very touching.
Ok officially bored
Just presented with my enrollment mgt colleagues to the #UWSOAR parents about the services we offer and FERPA.
That was the end!
Chad Michaels for the win!
“: that last express was weak” <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Can I come? Haha
Cleveland #Browns time!!!
Oh my gosh, we still have 6 hours to go?
Shouldn't make outs be called make ins? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
The suns out...finally! :)
You only fall in love once, the rest is merely practice to make sure your heart can take it.
Off to my bible study tonight and yoga earlier make for a good day
He can smell oak a mile away....
Damn quit complaining....
I stand by this statement. : "Tortillas in Texas are so different. They're just better."
I'll send this up to our environmental staff to see if we've explored this option.
RT : Thanks for sponsoring a fabulous happy hour, ! Everyone is having a great time !
the other ones
HEY beautifuls today was an emotional day, Im really sad!
follow me?
We're giving away a pair of tickets to this Sunday's concert at MIT on FB this afternoon!
thanks man!
Cheerfulness and contentment are great beautifiers and are famous preservers of youthful looks. -Charles Dickens
I can NOT wait until friday, and not for the typical reasons.
Jimmy Carter's favorite ex-president is himself? What an egotistic, narcissistic ass!
And to think.... I was seriously considering skipping convo today. Should have followed my gut <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Done :D
I was thinking that too...
You were always worth it
On my Carmen San Diego tough :-)
love your tagline Lex, you crack me up!! Give our best to your Dad! love ya'! Miss cheering? lol
- so cool! Stained glass is so beautiful!
no but really did you text me? Because I told you to text me yesterday at lunch and I got a text from a number I didn't know
and that's why i follow you. the game 6 tweet was one of the funniest
Cant' wait to meet him tonight! RT : Come out to the Student Center from 12-2 and meet from the Think Like a Man...
My brother is waayyy to hyper
Praying for Aretha Franklin and her family at this time in their lives. Aretha is truly a national treasure.
Here at Mozaik our estheticians use Cirepil Wax, a non-strip wax and Flora-Waxa natural waxing system.
Up and at 'em! Treadmill time.
i learned today that if you really want something lie really bad. you have to reach out and just grab it because someday it just be gone.
Thank you We've been looking at the stars (& satellites) tonight after a long, but productive day.
Then moved to analyzing Twitter tweets for #globalwarming attitudes.
wanna help me bake a cake for mom?
I know<33 do you have a midterm tomorrow?
Starting an 8 year Education program at 24, better late than never
Pushy mom wanting *exactly* the right summer reading prize for her kids.
If I date again, she's not getting my address, email, FB, Twitter or phone number. She'll have to contact me X-Files style.
I'm not answering your texts for a reason.
how does warped tour this summer sound?.. :D
Be safe and remember: STRANGER DANGER!
: Crazy how people who say they can't do something or that their life is messed up always watch the most depressing stuff (Sad!)
If you get via email check your inbox now & check out the *WIN TICKETS* section before we post it for the rest of the world!!
we'll be making an announcement tomorrow or early Thursday! :)
why thank you
In the the #studio doing work with
"man that harry potter kid is such a jerk, treating apes that way!"
#beer with the tuna. Good to have him back
RT : Q1. Exhaustion in the soul that results in loss of vision/passion/joy and development of apathy.
Yeah, I brought in an extra driver for the nasty weather, because we always get super busy.. but then it didnt rain.
work is not a hopping bunny
according to a group of tweens, I'm a hit! woot.
The whitest.
"The American Vision" at Peabody Essex Museum. Lush, expansive landscape paintings from the Hudson School. Well worth a trip to Salem!
Sam Solstice used to say "In this biz sincerity is everything, once you learn how to fake that you've got it made!"
in other words the guy who has nailed your liberal ass to the wall. Truth is out, your cover is blown. You are now my hobby ,)
yeah, you too.
The winds of change are a blowin'.
U Think You The Shit Since I Cut My Dreads Off Bt Its Coo with
yeahh true!! how old are you though?
haha I'm sure it doesn't. I want to go to GA for more than a layover haha. and LOL yeah, we're so great. :P
#FF singer/songwriter/producer of 112 - You will love his tweets, his wisdom and music!!
Pretty good Saturday, world! It's 1 pm here and I'm still in my bed))). How is your Saturday going?
Interested in learning Salsa (on One), This class will turn you into a salsa pro in 10 short weeks. We begin by covering basic steps and m…
you'll b alright it's, r u smater than a 3rd grader so u should pass lol
Why out of all days yesterday?
is killing it... that's what's being said now at
"bizarrely worshipped Donuts ruse"?!?! Seriously, screw this guy.
finally caved and bought into the office lotto pool.
did you check the flight #?
I'm pretty sure, yes! We'll keep you posted!
Does Heath Bell have an option left?
Puff puff and retweet to the left!
but it's worth the money!!!
A church that doesn't worship, doesn't get it
I think I made the front page on reddit. Does that go on my resume?
The cologne business must be very competitive. With people paying dollars for scents, most businesses would want a piece of that!
can u please tweet every morning "rise & grind" haha
Happy Birthday, Farnoosh! Hope it's a great one!
I need to put things in perspective because I have a disease of perception
I love my man DON'T LET BITCHES GET YOU DOWN
Great choice! Rolling in the Deep is great writing music, as well. Definitely full of passion. ;)
anyone know of any good #weighloss pills?
I should really go study this song now...smh
Megan and Liz thank you so much for liking my video:) Love you all bunches <3 Hannah
Max and dave are bitches
s/o to #oomf for not textin ya boy back!
Looks like a really creepy movie! Was it at least worth watching?
A tenth-ballot choice after smoke-filled Blackstone Hotel mtg = largest popular vote landslide ever, no? :)
sorry girl.. its time us Lions shut U Cheese Heads Up...
VIDEO: Mike Allen, Evan Thomas talk POLITICOs 'Inside the Circus' - Politico
girl, you ain't the only one that's tryna be the only one.
But she's certainly not as cute as you!!!
alright :) and soz it took long to revise, i've been suuppeerrr busy.... EXAMS!!! :/
Alcindor, Robertson, and Fingers also have standing invitations. And Bango would go nicely with the sausages.
Well who is damnit. Dan needs some lovin' too.
Thanks for watching. RT : Watching Prisoner Of Her Past on KOCE. My, what stories told.
I need a job so bad!!! Looking everywhere tomorrow.
Agreed. MT : nothing wrong w/turning a profit for educating people; the way most for-profits have done it is despicable.
Listening to quadjacksdotcom still. BartHanson on right now.
I know you're "nice outfit" comment was your way of telling me to go home and change.
Sounds good. We're planning on getting to campus at around 10!
RT : How great would it be to #win a #free pair of jeans? Tweet/retweet us and help us reach 10K followers for your chanc...
I just submitted my photos & resume to !! I think it went through but I didn't receive a confirmation message?
So far so good! No hazing yet! ;) I do miss you guys in CT. Have a great show!
me: "today SUCKS." "well I guess we could use Ryan's piece." lmao typical day in the life of our crew.
Same page.. Nu name
That 30 Rock is no longer available on plus is basically the worst thing ever. Why, , why?
NP: Hold On, Sounds Of Blackness
What over the counter diet pills do you take?: I know I am going to get tons of different answers here, but I am looking to start tak...
I would hope that the apartheid regime would get more value for their money than cheap, ableist insults.
I'm trying to figure out how to help you. Will let you know.
I WANT YOU!!
well hi xD
lol I never wear them but lately I love them.
hell no!!
hell yeah! Love summer time :D get to be drunk while it is still light out! Good to see ya on Twitter!
thanks man!
is waist-deep in chilaquiles heaven.
It's Cuban Happy Hour! Come enjoy $1.50 Cuban coffees (hot or iced) from 4-7 pm all this week, that's 40% off!
The baseball season hasn't even started yet and I'm sick on Bobby Valentine
- roger that. I can go find it for myself... your comment has me curious to do a little investigating. Good question on your part
Congrats for the Oprah show ! We would love to have your film screened.
awe, please go back to Brazil, she needs you! ;)
Been on a total Ben and Jerry's binge as of late. I can't seem to kick it.
follow me liam sexy hair
RapTV has a 26 year history of doing good business on the global market and our basic membership fee is still just $1.00 per year.
This day in history: Toni Morrison wins the Pulitzer Prize for her novel Beloved (1988)
too bad other people dont
Tuition will come back to you ten fold in aquired wisdom.
Achieve Goals. Make new Goals. Achieve Goals. Make new Goals.
what up Cuzo
today is my birthday and i would die if you said happy birthday!!! ((:
When I met you, any change Now everything is different I want you to know my prince that there is none like you
Potential new office: super cool and bright but needs to be painted, a few things fixed. Sending list of demands with offer in the am...!
Hey : Why don't you follow anyone on Twitter?
Feel bad about lying to the blood center about being pregnant to not donate, but it is happier lie than I got a patient's poop in my eye :/
You not only make the grade, you set the standard for which the others should strive!!
Slow to wake up today. Gray crawled into bed with me to "cwuddle" this morning.
Just had the best dream ever!! Got to meet and all in the same night! I wish it would come true!(:
When you finish reading Ulysses, you'll never get a full night's sleep. ~D
Enjoy! We did a 10:30am Stags Leap #Cabernet tasting last time we were there - can't beat it!
It's NOT too late! Come on down to 555 Whitehall St. for Ballet at 5:45!
It was against the Cubs though.
I am not with YWAM anymore. I live in LA. How are you?
In negotiations class this week I'll be playwright's agent negotiating with a theater re: #newplay production contract. I'm screwed.
I really appreciate it. How about we duck tape the logo and letters on one of your shirts? Fits your brand too!
Congratulations to all ensembles who have qualified for ISSMA state finals!
just stunning
Does doubled-over-in-pain count?
What can I do to consume my time till 8 ...?? Igot nuthyn -_-
We apologize for the inconvienence and we are happy to give you a refund. Have a safe trip.
My girlfriend knows how to make me feel better about everything. I feel so loved and so lucky to have her :)
Have you bought and used a certificate from GTDT? Tell us about your experience. Good? Bad? The ugly? We want to hear from you...
1000 words for the day - DONE! And I'm just getting started, really. :D
S&P/Case-Shiller 20-city composite fell 0.8% compared to January levels; year-on-year drop to 3.5%. Index at lowest level since Oct. 2002.
no one likes me either, join the club!
Do your best every day and your life will gradually expand into satisfying fullness.
THE FIRES OF INDUSTRY
The girl sitting in front of me is jamming SO hard to some Lady Gaga. And I mean SO hard.
yeee,i'm hungry too hahahaa. and i'm just listening music and playing with my brother :'3
My thoughts r with the jobs'....
bah- that stinks
Redstar has reached for 40,000 people on facebook this week! We are so excited and very proud! Book us for an event!!!
you never reply to me anymore and I don't get to text you...lol Me and my unlucky self(:
wanna come over
samee but you never know, emotions are always high and low, what's the point if it's fun at first then you find out its wrong
I just seen Kwane K @ the HEAT game smh
Kay Kay! Thanks! I'm hoping to make one of them! :D
South Beach Hotel For Sale 15 Mil
Leela's Restaurant in Little Haiti- suggested by the Urban Tour Host
what church you go to?
So you madd??
ayyyeee you got that from me :D
so I stayed away from the twitter machine.
I really hate how you make me feel .
Im fighting for my sanity
My favorite thought so far today: "Oh wait, I have a do file for that!"
what am I going to do without you?
what a hangover.. worth it tho. got to see some old friends i havent seen in awhile.
Needs To Tweet More lol :D
Rainy days are the best
#SMBmad Oh goody I will be back in town. Added to my calendar. #smbmad thanks
": hide ya kids, hide go wife" you already know!!!
on MKE sidwalk just now -"Succession Of Terrible Events Fails To Befall 33-Year-Old Riding Longboard To Digital Media Job"
Just started 2 new lists, "green" and "automotive". If you'd like to be on either one, please tweet us.
Sporting is now 4-0. That last one wasn't pretty, but it was a win.
Happy new year!
Two big auditions over the Easter weekend. Looking for two golden eggs this week!
Fun Fact: actually walks between C-bus and Cinci every week. He has to turn around right away to get back.
please follow me
Great win for the Indiana #Pacers tonight! Still can't believe there were tickets for a playoff game for $3.50.
You too! Always a learning experience when working with you.
Quote of the Day: If we wait for the moment when everything absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin....Ivan Turgenev
Do you still stock the frige w/ Pedialyte?
I may never be productive at work again.
Oh you a baker huh??
Seeing last night literally made my night so much better. #lovehim <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Hey LA Max & Ruffy's fans - Pethouse and Pawbar will be receiving their first order of M&R next week! Stop by and get some!
Taking My ACT On April 14th, 2012(:
Literal and figurative Rose Bowl hangover? RT The Kohl Center seems devoid of any kind of atmosphere tonight.
We must substitute faith for fear,fear is only inverted faith; it is faith in evil instead of good-Florence Scovel Shinn
I sure wish I could text :(
I hate that I can't retweet any of 's tweets!
Edna St. Vincent Millay~ Its not true that life is one damn thing after another it is one damn thing over and over.
Great NYE gig , thanks for coming out! Got a video of Crimson, but I seem to have misplaced my camera...
yo I lost u number
RT: There is no such thing as "sales" when done right. Its best to generously solve others problems!
Saturday April 21,2012 at 8:30pm at Left Coast Wine in Glendale, CA jazz with vocalist and Matt vanbenschoten bass.
You know what i am really goin hurt u so where the dollars at if its a real party
Use the Twitter plug-in for Facebook's site, then it will always pull your Twitter status no matter where/what you post from...
I know you are my parents and all, but at least speak to me with respect if I have to do the same for you.
I never feel at home until music is being created.
People, even more than things, have to be restored, renewed, revived, and redeemed; never throw out anyone. -Katherine Hepburn
sweet! I may have misinformation! ;)
May all your ups and downs come only in the bedroom.
RT : Respect your elders. They made it through school without Google or Wikipedia.
that is awesome man!
Still working on the Camerata calendar issues -- continue sending event info directly to me for now. :-(
Leaving for #rva. I wonder what I've forgotten?
Come watch the cap city dancers perform to "We Will Rock You" and "Moves Like Jagger" at tonight's game! Game starts at 7:30!
Sister Claire we'd like to use a photo of Angouleme from your website for a library newsletter - can we get a hi res version?
Attending the Hope Pregnancy Center of Van Zandt County's annual fundraising banquet.
I've got a river of living water, a fountain that never will run dry.
So great to see and His lovely wife Angela last night ! Thanks for coming, buddy!
Interesting to see if Scott Tolzien will be the number 2 to Phillip Rivers at the start of the season.
#history #museum #historical Wednesday History Quote, T. Jefferson Last Words “At least Adams still lives.” July 4, 1826
Are you still out there? Camping? Mosquitoes are diabolical in the Goethe State Forest.
will it be higher than your weight? 's weight?
lots of cosplay pics uploaded. next week i'm shooting new stuff, it's been FOREVER and i gotta get my cosplay on =)
5th ANNUAL G'S DAY PICNIC SUNDAY MARCH 18TH THURGOOD MARSHALL PARK
Thanks for the shout outs and the RT's!
Nintendo 64 again?
Fabulous Design Tip: Display vases of branches on your mantel. Enjoy the beautiful lines and simpleness of the branches.
Ah, I knew I loved Denmark! One of my favorite places!
Q: Why not define a new word? A: u'r answer is "Because it won't illicit the same connotation as the word 'slavery.' "poor logic
Hawaii 50 set up on DVR for tonight :)
... not thinking about stress management.
“Cheers to a New Year and another chance for us to get it right.”—Oprah Winfrey
Just landed in Baltimore!
I wish I could watch the usteam! :( is someone recording it? :)ohh yeahh and there are too many cute boys on my indoor soccer team! Hehe! :)
Happy Easter weekend! I'm going to be 'peeped' out by Monday.
Its finally frieday!!!!!!!!
WE HIT 500 FOLLOWERS ON TWITTER! THANKS FRIENDS AND
Anxious for tomorrow night!
haha I'm sure the feeling is mutual!
We will be catalysts, we will embrace those who have been abandoned
Setting up at United for #Haiti! Free food and entertainment! Come meet reps from 20+ legal, medical, and service groups TOMORROW 12:30-3:30
So, if by the time the bar closes, you feel like falling down, I'll carry you home...tonight
Always sunny is hilarious
I wish I woulda read this a lil earlier, when next time u available?
Thanks for the RT! Looking forward to the big event! Happy Holidays!
Ah....I was hoping it wasn't going to be something so foolish.
Was that thunder? It is 61 out ...
I NEED HEALTH INSURANCE
the "Upper Dater" silly goose!
side note I love my mommy <3
RT : Are you underwater on your Bank of America Mortgage? Contact Clark Howard's producer
Let me rephrase that.. This is for the people that don't give a fuck and KNOW they're the best. Confidence >
I'm good :) one day at a time! That pic of the newly weds is Gorg. Wish I was in that weather, lol..Gonna email you in a bit!!!
Overheard the Packers (inc A. Rodgers) will be at Zanders tonight while eating there
Hey Followers here's a new number 855-591-1035 - call it and request J. Crist 'Feelin Fine' or text it to 53105
ExtraMUROS using LC's collection of lantern slides to tell stories about the history of the American landscape
Had an awesome interview with ! Thanks so much for your time! :)
President will arrive 10 minutes early
Im scared of eye drops O:
My coffee today is called "intimate." Will there be this awkward silence & do I have to cuddle w/ the cup when I get finished with it?
RT USA only. What us why u love chocolate and u could be one of 30 winners to have Hersheys Drops before anyone else.
That play at 2nd was NASTY
Q: What's a polar bear? A: It's a rectangular bear after a coordinate transformation.
I've missed being able to walk 5 steps without spams. Oh wait ask that too soon...
welcome to twitter
I'm irritated as fuck. Things just arent going how I want and im sick of it. I kno the world dont revolve around me
When you see my face I hope it gives you hell
but it deffinately hurts
“Protecting the rights of those who have not yet been born is a fundamental obligation of a civil society.
Dr Alonso of Balmore city schools and both support the bottle tax which would provide dedicated revenues for school construction
Why is it so hard to save money over the summer
My son be all over me while im asleep i think thats why i always wake up this time
I'm so sorry to hear that Garrettdid you wrong like that Dahvie!
I'll be at the talent show around 2:00ish!! Sorry i couldnt make it earlier!
The full moon is bringing the strange today.
Those look strong
thanks buddy!
I can't wait to see this fucking relationship go down hill in about two weeks, watch, watch(;
Kill strangers in the wilderness and take their stuff. But don't touch the people in the town, they have friends.
good news. Now go play catch or something you wuss :)
Thank you for following! Followed.
We havn the illest house party next month n wilknsburg project x swag white boys n shit ctfu
Kid-Friendly Dinners Pleasing the kids at dinner isn't always easy, especially if you have picky eaters in the house. And let's face it,
Glad I don't plan on visiting Iran anytime soon :)
It's feels good that oomf put me on some new music <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Let me just get up and finish this goddamn website.
Me RT : I will not tweet again until someone tells me that they want tweet 1300 dedicated to them. come on someone
You've got til midnight tonight to files your taxes!!
#BandNamesReplacedWithDwight: Art of Dwight.
Thanks for the #FF. We're in good company there!
. Sad that you weren't at Logan this year! Hope all is well with you . . .
congrats! Good luck!
one last good word for SEC to Nerlins
Tell 'im he can play Hillary when SHE becomes Prez! ;)
Last night the #Angels won their 4th 1-0 game of the season, 2nd most in the AL. Last year they pitched no such games,
I suspect we'll need as many fully empowered nurse practitioners and family MDs as we can get in 10 yrs
Why don't you just mention me in your tweet.?
um you mean 5-7? No bowl game haha
so if u tryna get sum placements in lemme see ya catalog
if you are getting advice from in DMs, you are now officially my hero. :-)
RT : if you haven't found your passion, try adding more risk and change into your life. Passions are discovered and not given
- JR yeah! They are trying to pull a fast one with merch that hadn't shipped yet! #pricegouging!
I'm just waking up! I thought it was a bad dream-cant believe we lost-DAAYYUMM!!
pull every morning. Great stuff.
Economy Watch: Productivity in the U.S. looks to have slowed and this puts pressure on profit margins
doing a dirty rice, red beans and rice and garlic bread tonight. will share our family recipes
59 days to graduation...finish line is in sight!
Happy Father's Day:)
About 50 pages into IQ84. I think this is the longest book I have ever attempted to read.
Ain't she the best? RT #FF most awesome band around w the talented ^_^
SO TRUE. See it. // RT : Finally saw Inside Job last night. Didn't sleep. Shit is evil.
RT - like i said Wednesday any games my Jacksonville Jaguars win w/ Luke McCown as our starter is by the grace of GOD...
I'm guessing 29
I hope that I pass the 7th grade, don't really have a good grade in math, and I need to raise them because when the 18th comes, im done.
Fear and Loathing: On the Ice Cream Truck Trail '11
Today here in #Princeton, the #weatherbug reports both a FREEZE WARNING and a FIRE ALERT
Congrats on the move to #Scottsdale! It's great here!
Oh, I see Bob Carpenter put new batteries in his Hyperbole Machine
Woot, what a beautiful friday
Hey everyone! Follow she's smart, funny and hot!
Its just BUBBLING bitch -.-
Put Your Hearts Up for !!
I still think the moon is made of cheese. Agree to disagree.
Back to being focused!
Thanks for sharing! So glad they are reconsidering #directfile in
While I'm in Cali, I've decided that I'm a pescetarian.
bitch ass nigga I got my diss track to u coming soon! Be ready..... BRAINS ON WALLS ENT. - EZ Beatz
Oh we'll do that soon enough;) lol
I Know :P But Facebook...Suddenly Got Addicting :D
'Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark' Cast (Reeve Carney, Bono & The ...
I Will Forever And Always Be Supporting You!!! <3
Our October is now on newsstands! Learn how to find new creativity, become a professor, examine artwork with a critical eye, and more!
Glad to see the Pacers get that one.
Cool: interested in using temporal/spatial mapping to track constructions of race over time.
Haha. This is true! Sometimes I look around and wonder why I'm being self conscious. So many people aren't!
he said "hi my name is Tj.. im only 12 years old and...im am alcoholic."
You have my attention. ": I love that 's parents in GIRLS are one part Freaks & Geeks and one part Bosom Buddies. "
They don't treat any of their non white, non rich, non male voters like they matter.
As it get's cold out, stay warm w/ a beautify knitted headband or cashmere arm warmers made from recycled sweaters.
I don't know about other pizza but it's true for NYC pizza. RT : Maddie says Angry Birds isn't nearly as addictive as pizza.
Nice! See you there! RT : Got 2 Tickets to Charity event tomorrow!!! Who wanna roll
lol that was a good one. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
you look like Usher there PLaya
What is Lubys?
Incredible RT : #orioles bullpen ERA down to 1.58 this season
": It takes great skill to tell a compelling story in under 60 seconds."
Wow your Twitter pic...
that's that shit I dont like
POINT OF INFORMATION: ERIC RICHARDSON IS NOT THE LEADER OF OCCUPY NEWARK! WE HAVE NO LEADERS! WE ARE ALL OUR OWN LEADERS!
We'll see you at Slims! ;) RT sounds good to me! RT where should I meet you guys??? Just the three of us
Thanks. Tried to DM you but you aren't following me yet, just my business :).
lol invisible friends
You already have close to an anime name. What's the new short hair look like?
What's his naaammmmeeee?!
im fucking irish
4 camera reminders / day. Shoot your daily diet. Include all your beverages. Should be an easy assignment with your camera phone. Surprised?
Trying to park in a lot will be the death of me
you saw michael's cover of Nightmare right? :)
Struggling to stay awake while writing my paper, so I decided to have a dance break to
Lol this is funny I'm "fake"
Jason, too funny! And don't forget the hand sanitizer...
ok. now im out
Who decides what's appropriate? Again it depends on industry, your personal brand and your age.
I’ll bet a fiddle of gold against your soul that I'm the best you've ever had...
Action cures fear. Indecision and postponement, on the other hand, fertilize fear. Dont delay. ACT.
S. Dakota St & fans losin s*** over winning conf (& rite to face like Kansas in rd 1) is what makes NCAA hoops gr8 (& f'ball lame).
Holy crap. The price of gas is ridiculous.
Just tell me to sod off and I'll belt up.
I had a dream, beauty was only skin deep & if we all believe that's all we need, nothing else can set you free.
now its my turn lol
Digital primary documents are awesome but my eyes hurt.
thanks so much! and i know, shes beautiful!
everytime I'm with you all I can think of is her
i see u in yo new pic. Got da muscle shirt. Oh. Ha.
if I come up there would we be able to meet him or
The VHM is currently without phones or email but we will be open our regular hours ( 9 - 5) throughout the week.
Going to et a thousand chickens for
I need someone to go watch The Hunger Games with me this weekend .
or maybe I was just having a good day. I kinda set the tone the 1st game! Lol
nigga i know , i texted you baac .
thats right and glad to see you on here..need some good laughs!
My head is killing me.....geesh
Sorry I missed the conference call, will try to see about getting in on it next time.
if she didnt know about you why u mad at her b mad at ur mann HER PRESENTATION WAS WRONG BUT HEAUX STAY WINNING
aint that the truth. I mean even Rocky Horror was once cult and now mainstream.
I shouldn't have gone out last night. -_-
"Stand still and know that He is God and theres no need to fight the battle is not yours the battle is the Lord's" i strayed away from this
The ability to play solid D comes not from the confidence of training, but from the desire to stop your opponent from influencing the game.
hey thank you!
someone lend me a million dollars! Shoe shopping is no fun when your broke!
Spent almost 2 hrs today in library basement w/ 2 teachers & 30 kids for tornado warning. Excitement waned as kids' phones had no service!
Even if you can contribute a few cases, every amount helps. Just let me know!
S/O if you're ever down, she'll make you feel better. Follow her! :)
Share Your Dream.
Issues affecting SNAPpers would definitely be a core part of what I want to see, but not exclusively (1/2)
RT : Q5) How can (and should) social be leveraged in supporting learning?
Off to work :( What an early day after working till 1130PM
M... Love is in the air!
Shaq just called Paul Pierce "Mr. Scoring Man" LOL. Guy has been invisible. Guess someone forgot to tell Rondo this game was on TNT
Earlier Kei Kamara was trending nationally!
The authors of the book series Chicken Soup for the Soul, Jack Canfield and Mark Victor Hansen, said that they did five things everyday tow…
In an Indiana casino tonight, studying vocabulary, whilst downstairs, DH fleeces the locals.
Who thinks is the best singer ever!?If you to RT this!!!!!!!
I WANNA GO. Are the seats good? So awkward just saying it like that, but yea, lmao. I'm nice and everything. :)
srsly, shred the chicken off the bones and mix it all together. Maybe add a touch of nutmeg. Sounds delicious!
Must FIRST understand how users consume content to then monetize and tweak to amplify
PHO CITY policy- you can't order an appetizer in addition to a main dish. You HAVE to order a combo! Huh?
Hello and thanks for the follow!
Patiently waiting. . .
Kevin Martin SG for the Kings has 23 points on 8/11 shooting in the first half.
Thanks for visiting #CLT So great catching up!
You have to be aware at all times and respect what you see.You can't bend fantasy into reality, you have to deal with what's the real truth.
Lol...had to repost this ...wow RT : "A slut is simply a woman with the morals of a man."
I meant it. And still do. At least, I meant it the way I *said* it.
I'm so over-caffeinated that I literally feel drunk.
Lots of fantastic discussion on the #cetis12 conference tag; sorry to not be there this year.
impossible to wake me. Just ask
“: I just realized I'm a lesbian” I'm lesbian too
": That nigga used to be my boy too..." dude he use to harass me all the time lol
Burden on Children: How many workers does it take to support a senior?
Man I wish I could go!!! That does look fun :D
Currently working with an exceptional triad of writers.
DP DENTAL SUPPLY IS LOOKING FOR SALES REPRESENTATIVE NATIONWIDE. GREAT INCOME. GREAT HOURS. MORE INFO 321 441 9041
The game of love is never called off on account of darkness.
Love you sweetie!!! Miss you tons. <3
that is so cool lol
Dan Orlando just started and sounds great! We're up next at Rohs!
yep, my homegirl handles their PR... she shot this to me a couple weeks ago.
HA! Too awesome love the addict of the week
2012 Council seat in district 13. Who to vote for? Contact me...working with an energetic community involved guy. He's the one!
it's gonna be hilarious
I had rather have a fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad and to travel for it too! William Shakespeare
Sex makes babies
Cameron Diaz looks like she could beat up Dwight Howard
we would LOVE you for our August cover for our trendsetters issue! how do we find your publicist? :)
ur not on right now.
there's a place in S.M. that has the most amazing spicy margs! And then there's the boutiques/shopping.
As an economist by education, it should surprise anyone that THAT is more interesting to him than sympathy.
i should take you...even tho I don't know were it is;)
Here we go...
mm now I'm hungry.
I got a fever, and the only prescription - is more HOPS!
Spending the holiday weekend without my Double Dark Chocolate ? Unthinkable! Note to self-swing by grocery store on way home!
I thought you were pro-transparency.
what's the problem you're experiencing though? no connectivity?
Abandon ship
they'll have to see how they do first. Vermes doesn't draft losers, lol
Bitches love DMs.
"Don't let this dry skin fool you. In the summer months, I'm very attractive." - My pick-up line for tonight.
Now your just somebody that I used to know...
Going Green shouldn't put you in the Red! Call Green Shield Carpet Cleaning for a Green Cleaning Experience of a lifetime! 206-414-1039
good so what u doin
Did you know that your digestive system has more receptor sites for emotion than any other area of your body, including your brain?
#Flyers call timeout with 10:12 left after they are called for icing.
can't get enough of Morgan Freeman's Through the Wormhole. i forgot how much i love documentaries about the universe!
10-to-1 Ted Nugent gets audited this year.
thank you for inviting us to be part of the jobs fair - great turn out, let's hope we can help them all.
ZOMG No more Walmart!??
Can't wait to go to the Philippines! YYYEESSS!!
Definitely Erika! You can DM me your email address and I will send you all the info you need! It is VERY exciting!!! :-)
He's on mine too been a bit of a letdown this week but don't worry he'll come through :)
sorry could u elaborate? Im not understanding ur point
Its better to keep ur mouth shut and people not thinking ur an idiot than open it and prove them right...
This! RT: Few things make me as inexplicably uncomfortable as Harrison Ford's earring.
ik.. These idiots get paid to do stupid crap! It's wrong!
I hope she's apologizing for that outfit
Not for the faint of heart: GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan. Women & camp life the #CivilWar. $2.99 Kindle Amazon Free to Prime
New videos coming out soon
awww ur so cute together hope this realationship stays forever and turns into something serious in the future<U+2665>
U suck #Billycundiff!!
Make a joyful noise fellow musicians. Give thanks for the gift within you.
"bold words for a girl who no longer wears her necklace"
Teach me your ways. You have so many friends and are still look gorgeous doing it.
follow follow follow me
ok show me
Still using Brendon's fone, starting too miss mine but I dnt noe were he put it :(
Mother of God, throw in Madonna and the Super Bowl is truly too gay to function.
#NW The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
2012 film watching! #20. Midnight in Paris (Allen, 2011). Watched the blu ray, and loved the transfer. My second veiwing of this film.
Facing one more of one of the most difficult days of my life. God wouldn't put me through anything I can't handle. RIP Grammy <3
Down to a single digit lead!
Terrific informatics session...lots of new tools to help our patients!
New phone hmu
I think I could need this in my life and I think I'm scared, I think too much
Roll through, I told Andrew we would let you know when we got here
I am up!!! I wanna be down in my bed!!! Bwaaahhh! >.<
I'm in D3
“Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.”
Head over to Friday's for #DJ Night featuring DJ Little B from 9pm-1:30am! Music, food, #drinks and a great opportunity to mingle!
parents are too busy , to take me . lol :3
Patience is a virtue! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
#Glee and #NewGirl tonight!
Sending good thoughts towards today!
basically cats are the answer to everything!
She's been here over forty minutes, covered her chair in newspaper and has yet to login to a computer. WTF?
either or... I want to rent till I know i'm ready to stay in one spot for YEARS! but I have to have a house family is to big
chill out and have a pizza nark
Wait a minute...people are going crazy for a Meek Mill mixtape?! Say it ain't so!
RT : I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. Confucius-RT
People are pathetic all they care about is themselves glad my real friends came out for my birthday last night
fangirl until someone in your house gets the idea that you REALLY want to go to their consert haha..
They need to shoot lights out and score in upper 70's. We'll see! “: can the 'noles pull the upset?”
....but a pain in the ass to get off.
Looking for low-fee couples or family therapy? Call us today! 3037563340
Fall......Love theres nothing better
Really wants to go to homecoming. But I dont have one :P I want to ask someone but I fell it would be weird to invite myself to theres. :P
Prepping for messages this weekend. Internalizing and drinking lots of water
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
I get freaked out so easily.. Lol
In sexy science revision with
so nice of father
Cheddar peppers at sonic>>>>>
Jayme would be welcome without the jug, but it would be gladly accepted and SHARED!
RT : 8:10 pm ET: Scott J. Brown will discuss the potential economic impact of the earthquake and tsunami on CNBC
#kids Orange County Weight Loss Boot Camp- Anaheim Hills/Yorba Linda: Orange County Weight Loss Boot Camp- Anaheim Hills/Yorba Linda from...
I'm not sure if y'all have been to for Michaels Sazerac? But, tonight it's going for $5. Until 8.
can it be Saturday please I wanna dance!!!
Total USA Domination...#US23's
more info please
The link in my bio explains, any questions make sure to ask me! :)
nobody wants to new cooped up here FOREVER!
A fam just wondering what's the lineup for the king of the Arch battle?
Morning Joel. What's poppin'? Anything new on your iPod lately?
Trying my damndest to fight off anxiety about tomorrow. Maybe I'm not ready. I'm letting my thoughts go a mile a minute.
Omgdness. I'm so tired, and the Dang thing won't leave.
Being set lose at clay terrace with $140 #yesdeals <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Getting my nails done in the morning with my Ma!
I DIDNT EVEN SAY ANYTHING MEAN I JUST SAID I DONT UNDERSTAND UR PICTURE AND THAT I WAS WONDERING UR AGE TO SEE IF WE CULD
It's absolutely shocking how horrible the customer support is at Atlantic Broadband. I could write a book on the crap they've put me through
i like south african faces
Holy poop. It's flippin cold outside. That wind is retarded people.
No stimulus needed, not one taxpayer dollar, no party bickering, no rhetoric and no legislation. I am creating jobs here in SW Florida
why arent you sleep tho...girl you now you got school lol
I run wit scissors because it make me feel
Foreigner rocked the socks off that state fair.
Trap House...
DC: After the Post, the Examiner and the City Paper endorsed Fenty, the people voted Gray in. Fenty, pack your bags and move to NYC!!
I absolutely LOVE ur twitter name LOL Kudos on the creativity. R U a writer?
you? never. i still have our prom pic over here. oh NAHS. lol. i'll come by to see you and the fam when i come home
thats what I heard
Indeed MT : Occasionally I hear a phrase like "now, in terms of psychographics..." & remember how happy I am to be in editorial.
Betfair Poker finishing tweet. The program is honestly rigged it is a joke. Whatever u do don't play.
Need Chicago area tech writer, ASAP, for industrial, service manual, project. Interested? Contact or 847.631.1299
I think you one biased accordion player re: rhubarbwhiskey.bandcamp.com
Hey tanya my name is jen and i LOVE otep too!! Have you ever seen them live. . .its pure greatness!!
I'm about to leave school hahah
lol there's another word for what you are (x
Word here at the Rose Garden is that Ty Rattie will play tonight
Which fly captured the ladybird? The dragon-fly.
Round and Round she go
Music in Movies, Shorts and Documentaries: #IHaveAnIdea! Great rock song with clear powerful lyrics abt incest, poor excuse for lust. 31412
Just found out that my painting was destroyed in shipment.
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Derulers are in control (control)
We even have two floors. Maybe one can be republican themed and one can be democrat themed. haha.
she gotta wet pussy like im finna take a test pussy orange and red is the best pussy take a nigga to the crest pussy lol like yeah...
bout ta say ol skool
Well, to be fair, that's the imposter Sin Cara. So there is still a chance that the real one will.
Thanks for the follow Nick!
8 more days of school left... I might piss on myself!!
damn tough choice. Probably parker for street cred
We'll miss you Etta. RT Music fans everywhere are in mourning: RT : Singer Etta James died, acc'd to friend/manager.
- Try out David Wright in Center field and play Daniel Murphy at 3B.
i know. :c
lol! have double work now, finally working on my book again ;)
Because you're a woman. Oh snap!!
haha. I'm such a fat kid at heart.
Fireworks are on sale! You could have your own Independence Day.
RT : I hope Rebecca Black decides to do an acoustic album.
I see the end-of-the-semester funk hasn't lifted yet.
Threw 5 penneis in the air and they all landed on heads!
Follow us and we follow u p.u.
Okay as soon as you open the door you dive into the bathroom headfirst, make sure you have a show with you or whatever (cont)
I just want to be clear on whether or not TSL had an opportunity at all to make a counter offer?
Just spent 3 hours trying to troubleshoot my home WiFi. 2 different boxes failing the same way. Solved, but I still don't know why.
Followin' history folks ... !
Lol oh damn now I can't that tune out of my head
It's a miracle I didn't get my ass kicked on the dance floor last night. Apparently, I forgot other people were out there
uh no? U guys r in the same room
"I cured myself of hepatitis c." - Keith Richards' audiobook.
Haha almost hit
I'm sure that makes you happy. Why don't you watch Dexter and celebrate rather than study for chemistry ;)
awh <3 my prayers are with your family, she'll be missed. x
Listening and hearing are two different senses
Not a fan of spam.
because birth control viotlates religious freedom, duh.
Woohoo I can't wait! You're ahead of the game.
(In another version, Facebook will replace airports.)
"Serial killer" to "intermittent, yet persistent, unpleasant relation"
Just a 10 hour sit at the 'puter workday away from WEEKEND!
Chris Browne: "Dulles is not a fully mature facility. Could more than double activity inside fence."
#i_love_carrie good luck
7 out of 16 teams in the Sweet 16 are either FROM Ohio or in the B1G. Awesome.
lmao u dumb
If you're my past, I don't have time for you in the present, cause I simply don't want you in my future. You're where you belong.
i heard that you like the bad girls/honey is that true?
I love this quote: The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart ~ Helen Keller
nigga nobody cant Stop the Kentucky Rattlesnake and you know that willow does what he wants when he wants cant nobody stop me!
New dress, new shirt, new bag courtesy of Jessica Llamozas , my rich ass sister lol
FYI it means I am feeling superman
Yeah, the time is ripe for Fashion Valley to raise rents and snag super-premium tenants. Like Zara.
Am I not to assume it's an exclusive interview with me, America's First Fish?
If I doubt a word, I always check the #dictionary for the word's spelling & definition. Everyday, I build my vocabulary as a
D: what . lol . i coulda sworn . i was mad at you for like an hour after i realized you aint text back . welp . my bad .
It's called Scalability and Programming, and he touches on the work done at VPRI on doing radically more with less code.
Have to work today. All I want to do is sleep.
i tried! hahah. one day... ONE DAY
about this hiatus, we need to talk! You know you're my shot of morning Twitter espresso :)
we totally ruined her friday ! :)
Paul Pierce comes through in the clutch w/ the fadeaway J to put up 90-84 and complete a 7-0 run. 1:18 left on TNT. ball."
do you boo boo
Love my Blazers <3
No, Steve. No. : Tan is the new charcoal grey.”
Poor critter. He was really, really lost.
Thanks for the follow, write on.
Team no sleep#
I have like five twitters... Is that weird?
I'm liking the pullover hoodie and the keeping it positive shirt, and I'm also really liking the yeti hoodie.
Mr. Feldman: all of Memphis rooting for Chris M. Would be great to see him at TV final table.
At least the Caps won!
waffles… making lots of waffles
Grossest Sunday morning ever: Six flies wrapped in my New York Times.
Praying for my mentor, Chad Briscoe. His friend's family, the Kurrles, were in a car accident in Paraguay. The wife and son were killed.
y'all should go to magic kingdom tomorrow to celebrate your 5 years with and I!
Love living in the city! Home sick and is just outside our building getting me soup at Can't beat that!
Alam Pro Cleaning Services is an aggressive, highly competitive and value-oriented property maintenance company. We have a strong cleaning …
for now
The only people who go to the Kentucky derby are loaded old men with there #HOES who wear bisexual hats
140! :-) RT Fill in the blank: I've been making music for ____ years.
Giving people a voice and letting people tell their own stories seems to be a main interest at this PIC. Wonderful.
I hope ridestthe bus today... I DONT WANNA BE ALONE!!!!!!!!!!!
I had no idea they had kids shoes at the Fox in RWC thought it was just concerts!
"3 things I want in a relationship: Eyes that won't cry, lips than won't lie, and love that won't die."
interesting and good: v. sattui angelica. Port made with muscat.
thanks for the follow Lance!
i keep putting off going to the friggin' gym but I can't start my day until i have pumped some iron!!!!! Motivation needed!
I'd appreciate it if they were shirtless. Just saying.
+1 RT : YES! "Be museum experts first, technology experts second."
It is now 4:42 and im still not sleepy
We have a shload of laundry to do. I'm sure it would be more than a part time gig and you can have wednesdays off.
Agi, thanks for the daily mention!
Black keys kicking ass at
RT With our AR project we included an extra layer where we mixed museum content and wikipedia
I love painting my nails.
Back 2 my 1st tweet, let's c some DEFENSE Broncos! Come on Von Miller...
But what do the VOTERS like?
chill out keyleigh jershey shore make shows like your look wack...they have millions of followers you have 5,000 lmfao
RT : End of two, the Hawks lead 3-2.
All I hear coming out of Mitch's mouth is blah blah blah blah blah... Puke!!!
I thoroughly enjoyed volunteering at your library's reference desk last night. You have such amazing & intelligent students!
love the Beast but it is Miller Lite all the way.
lol it was so fun!! :D
hahah uh oh...had the bbq chicken tenders sandwhich
Might be very telling at the end of one year: 45/78 AP ENGLISH LANGUAGE AND COMPOSITION students picked up summer packets for next year.
tomorrow i think im gunna make a bieber background.. if its pretty illg ive it to you
Every thing I touch I bruise
When does wanna got to the movies. ?(:
Great seeing you last night! You know I can take it and dish it out, too!
thanks for the phOtos!
I just notice i have 3 containers full of band shirts and a closet full of more band shirts oh and 2 drawers full of more bands shirts lol
The way someone plays an instrument is a voice, after you listen to them play - even when you don't know the song you know who's speaking.
I see that charm of Ireland Lucky's on Layton has closed. Wonder what is the next themed bar will be
*eats it, smiles*
thanks. preciate it
its ok thanks!!!!
Faith or Reason?
The Boys Next Door
Damn everyone is dry at lunch. Where the feens at!
Got a piece of mail offering a $5000 loan with 30% APR. Think I might sign up, not pay it back, then register democrat and whine about it.
Enjoyed seeing the reference by Austin Keyes to the old movie with Charles Aznavour.
Push it to the limit no matter what!
Interesting discussion on right now re: scoreboard mishap in Pats/Ravens game on Sunday
Ok later though I'm busy lol
Omg. Awesome.
lol wow dont u get bored of it? ;;
People say do what you love and the money will follow.
Give me a woman who loves beer and I will conquer the world. -Kaiser Wilhelm
and i know. but its hard to be positive sometimes when you are a teen girl and "kirby" fatherless. :(
but do you really want him to go pantless?
RIP #MikeWallace Send us back reports from wherever you end up.
No that's fine! My bus doesnt actually come until like 7:20, but we leave a bit early
Your welcome, glad you found a spot
Local false flag creeps showing their true colors more as their support erodes. Perfect they've chosen shit as their weapon.
Thr CW says it has the goods.
Yeah? That's cool bro.
I want to see a #2012isTheJonasBrothersYear TT
It's time to fight for our inches
O. That's good! Let's go with it.
Mark Barron at number 15 to the Eagles, now that looks really good.
Well fans - we have a new home!! We will be reopening next month on Murphy Canyon Rd and Aero Drive. Hope to see you there
Great quotation - "Dreams are answers to questions we haven't yet figured out how to ask" - The X Files
I think both crows could tell I was there to help. I made crow noises all the way to the rehab to keep crow feeling safe.
sorry doll :(
Why are you trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out?
Welcome to the twitterverse,
"If a girl cries for a boy, she really loves him. But if a boy cries for a girl, nobody will ever love the girl the way he does"
That's funny! And, it sounds delicious.
Its about to go Down! (kevin hart voice)
I'm not sure where this is going lol
I don't even know if only they were ugly then life would be easier
#MISTLETOE already has me in the Christmas spirit! #MISTLETOEISAMAZING cant stop replaying it! Proud of u bro!
every time i see you at an RF match it must be so nice to be such good friends. best seats in the house ;-)
Uh oh. Bag suspicions well founded. Landed in Charleston sans bag. They say it may arrive tonight. Keep your fingers cross for me!!
Come on Grizzlies!!! Don't do this to me. #GRIZZNATION I think we need to go up in prayer for this game...smh
Yes! Best One!! fantastic flying books of mr. morris lessmore
I was laughing so hard.
BO. PURPLE & GOLD only Tony. Have you been away too long? Kidd should have been a Laker. You feel me.
"What exquisite emotional armor you're wearing!" is a good ice breaker at a party
I'd give my life for her I'd gamable it all away just to be with her nobody i dont want to love anyone else but u just u
K-Diamonds are joining African Americans 2012 for Obama2012.
is that because it's supposed to be at 4GB?
Finally got some clarity! And I feel some sort of relief! Thank God!
SAPX radar it this coming week hearing good things coming
haha! Yea! I know! My bad! Lol! & You NEED to check this guy out! asdjklif -->
Power lunch w/ & is a LOT of Georgetown all at once! I held my own, though.
Sox loss is gain!
Hanging at summer camp and not getting paid
My sandless sandbags are the High tech alternative to tradtional sandbags. Environmentally safe. Best protection available for flood control
Tonight's Thai Talay Seafood class with guest Chef Ang Robinson has a fantastic menu! Do you have a favorite Thai dish?
interesting though a very simplistic view of socialism
My gut is torn. I love to teach, it is my truth. But I can't let a bully continually hurt me
Picking up hiking shoes, says sports authority is da place, so I'm checking there 1st
no problem hope you get to your goal(:
Thanks for the RT and the follow!
was just named Rochester's Favorite Property Management Company in the 2011 Rochester's Choice Awards for the second year in a row!
oh yea, pittman's 3 min start to missing in action
Hennepin County Library - Nokomis reopens tomorrow! Come on over! www.hclib.org
that's about my speed these days actually.
oh that sucks :(
Why is HTML/CSS the go-to 'code' language to be used in writing courses? Is it because no compiling needed to see its results in a browser?
Off to Fed I go
6 more minutes till h&m opens
Too wet to even do a strength workout on the court, let alone play.... #nowwhat?
People who don't know how to keep themselves healthy ought to have the decency to get themselves buried, and not waste time about it
Mitt Romney speaking about gay marriage at Liberty University...aka Sunday school.....fucking retard
Yup. Ive been watching since had millz vs Mook. They need to do.something in the Chi.
I'm smdh too.
the only upside to the idiotic pick of Irvin by Seattle is that the Browns have a shot at a stud at 22.
We welcome back Dan Guith to our estimating/CAD department! Great things are happening. We are thrilled to have him back on our team!
We really need a new twitter background. Any suggestions?
I am thinking around 830 9 I will try to be off as soon as possible
Its been Hard Days Nights! RT : Bet they don't know who the Beatles are either ;)
"So you're saying I'll only get $2 million, but you'll set me up with a Raiders cheerleader?"
For you shall go out with joy, and be led by peace. Isaiah 55:12
Get your asses off the court lol
a zarf in words with friends played by my wife, I'm sorry I'm calling bull shit. There needs to be a bull shit button on words with friends.
yeah it was!! i love iron man! :)
Hope you are all well and watching the Basia Show throughout the Caribbean
Mark Twain said, -The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.- Share a favorite clean joke.
Are you looking to turn this day into a fantastic Thursday?
Does #firespaz not own a watch?
I'm currently giving advice on taxes yall! Come join me & at the !
If you'd prefer to shift the convo to email send me a DM please
need a ark? I Noah guy.
Blue looks cool, but brown protects and serves.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool When am I ever going to need to know this?!?!?
Woo hoo neighbor's drilling project is complete just in time!
In the studio wit and man another hit from just amazing are last song y'all we almost there :))
Someone please tell me what's up with my mentions :(.
Kevin Eastman speaking at this years clinic. Very few bring the knowledge and insight like Coach Eastman.
Storm near Lake Mills has the potential to produce half dollar size hail.
While doing research for my MA thesis I found the following quote "In Las Vegas, it’s the museums that are fake, not the paintings." OUCH!
The only thing you can do with your life is give it away. This is the true essence of feeling purposeful. ~ Dr. Wayne Dyer
Love in its essence is spiritual fire.
Love Tea Chai Te! Used to go there all the time when I lived around the corner.
Stop on by our FB page for free support during your weight loss journey www.facebook.com/LVHCG
#roadtrip #miami here we come.
So are we! RT : Tonight at Roulette.. hear , new piece for bass & electronics,and more! I'm excited!
excited to take my scholar out to dinner tonight from !
Big game tonight for the #FloridaPanthers Hockey! Let's go Cats! #NHL Playoffs
to all of my family, friends and supporters-- thanks for the belief! I wish Wilson well 4 she must make District 17 better!
RT : Remember Gandhi: "Nonviolence is a weapon of the strong."
we lovee yours an vinnys relationship <3 vinny leaving was really sad but if u ever leave the show is over
good call! Enjoy!
Let's just say that I read...a lot. Today I'm feeling extra grateful for my local libraries. Here's a shout out to !
For some reason Jeff Buckley's album Grace reminds me of my 20s so profoundly it's almost too physically intense to listen to.
My dad and me are huge fans it's his birthday today can I get a retweet
Got my Oj...now im good
This wknd, I lrned how to: submit someone with the kimura lock, fix my rear derailleur, & groove to Ethiopian pop.
It was some wonderful teamwork. I love when a plan comes together.
Been helping my grandfather,his parents,his girlfriend and her son move all day ..... I'm so sweaty and exhausted!!!
so now toy hauler is in to have generator worked on. the control arm broke. they now have to send a rep out to see for themselves
haha yes! &iknow, brb. Can't breathe.. Dying!.. Blehh :/ save.me<3
you just gave me a food boner.
I might go the 29th...still thinking about it but I really want VIP so..
In line now!!
Next LCP #hashtag stream coming soon. It'll be one of our OWN invention & we think you'll love it! :) So keep checking our feed for details!
Dude, your links never, ever, work...
Eek! Too soon... RT ": Mavericks one game away from becoming victims to history's 2nd Oklahoma City bombing."
“: can I have or nmber girls” the word is your not or
yessir I will try.
Really pumped about taking my beautiful wife on a date tonight! Thanks Sarah!
Only one consensus on Washington from picks posted from 76 cappers tonight off a 2-0 Monday Nite..See ya at the window
"Not all those who wander are lost."
Any PR students out there graduate this weekend?
it's nothing like LOTR but it's very good, unlike what Dave might tell you.
It's not even enjoyable to be outside right now.. Too many bugs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
My Sunday nights will be a little less complete without Kenny Powers.
what a lucky girl! School and the Dix!
My guess? Mockingjays.
Good. Kids in Steelton need more fun and laughter.
Q3: We just carried out an all-frosh Model UN. It would be a great pre & post activity for this.
Chocolate and Churros for the game tomorrow... and a raffle for a trip to Spain! Viva la Furia Roja.
CALL ME CALL ME CALL ME CALL ME!
No mom, you're mad because you're wrong, not because I'm talking back...
Cool never out trumps revenue.
David Beckham's SuperBowl ad proves that he a walking inkpad. Wonder what he has tattooed under those jockeys?
Sugar coated or reality? :-) I'm good, just stressed... you know me! How are YOU?
Hey, how you doing? Congrats on the #SDCC prize pack from btw. :)
I would seriously hate to be one of those families who eat out every night.
"there's only one way to stop seeing so many #instagram photos on my news feed..." - mark zuckerberg
follow back please?(:
Groundswell by Charlene Li... highly recommend.
RT : Has anyone discovered anything new lately from the social enterprise, I need some new cool tools.
hey , love your coffee! Noticed you don't have tasting notes on bags. I don't think it's good or bad just wondering why not.
Not to mention their iBook reader (on the iPhone anyway) is pretty lousy compared to Kindle.
Just received another summer camp order! I wonder how many more I'll get today!
Be safe out there!!
its so sad to think about for both countries no matter what, but I wonder what the ratio is in our colleges vs all of Sweden.
omg. I probably love root beer more than you! But then again, I love most beer.
Yoo Kayla is eating chunky peanut butter on the busses wit a spoon can't get more get than that
I think I'll be hiding in a bar. Lol! Cubs cold beer and no crazies.
In science class with & (x
. . . THATS NOT THE POINT
Anytime I'm off. Can get it done out here whenever we find the time.
I see you! I will say hi during intermission. : ) LOVE this theater!!!!
Yeah that Unlimited Data is on Hit + Hot Spot .. Yeah if U don't Talk much ... Sprint might just right for ya.. 100
We're so glad you found eachother on #Twitter! :) RT congrats, can't wait to see you there!
Party hard don't give a shit!
youtube it bro, i couldn't even do it. my friend did it.
you mean of electric liquid steel red hair? It's really compassion I'm feeling.
always start early at epcot it not as busy as magic kingdom. go to magic kingdom at nap time for the kids.:)
Who #homebrews out there? If so, how long?
On the road in Kansas City for a few nights. If you like Barbecue, then KC is your town!
Sorry little sister
You act like it's you against the world, but it's really just you against yourself.
ouch :( Adjusting screen resolution doesn't help?
Melting from the city heat? Swing by for a frozen mouss-icle. Just what it sounds like, only better. Each pop is $3 and worth twice that.
very well said :)
thankss spaggnolissss <3 why don't u have break that's like torture ya know ? like ?
Have chocolate-covered Pringles been attempted? If not, why not?
I am really bored lol , wyd ?
- checkin' in and diggin' it! Great show as always!
nice eyes.
I dont wanna be here, take me home):
it strikes me that Wordstar had little or no HCI history to consult. Who knew, back then, how people would actually use a WP?
i thought thats why men went to the gym..show off their pecks and meet half naked sweaty women..and cougars with HOT BODS lol
and when i say gladiator i mean black girls that pull hair
Heck yes! It's going to sound awesomesauce with you singing it!
I hope everyone has a Happy Easter. Enjoy.
A man wants his woman to roll up for him but not smoke ... Guessing gotta learn to roll up
I heard the GAY nightlife is to die for....
#BackThatAzzUp Hell of a song!
we really like it. Spiced with fresh dill, thyme, and lemon. Works well with chipotle sour cream!
Hmm... wonder how this day will go since decided we needed to b e up at 3:15am and keep an eye on the overnight rain! :(
yeah I'm going
I did. Yay for more clip shows of stuff that never happened?
If you love someone you don't hide things from them..
haha cool and thats cool and my night is pretty good and my weekend was good except for today brought me down hbu?
Twitter suggested I follow joe buck. Not gonna happen bc 1-im a rangers fan and he's clearly not 2-he's joe buck 3-bias commentating
": The words, "Comfort, o comfort my people" never get old. #wtschapel" amen.
Music is everything!
EVERYONE CHANT... "JORDAN COME THY RICHES NOW"
I have never had a cup of coffee. You can do it! But the question is why are you doing it?
it was so wonderful 2 meet u! looking forward to meeting up more together!
Will short term loans of e-books eventually replace ILL? Ebrary thinks maybe. I can see the benefit to publishers, but what about us?
July 4th weekend coming up. Can't wait.
Good afternoon from Albuquerque! No studio space at apartment but am leasing real live industrial professional space!
“: If Mario Chalmers keeps making 5 3's a game from here on, LeBron will win his first ring.”
The best car safety device is a rear-view mirror with a cop in it. Dudley Moore
you cant be classy if you curse like a sailor...it just doesn't work.
#IGN boards are down at the moment. Fix coming soon.
I'm booth #110. It's free to attend. Crafters/Makers/Designers from all over the US will be here.
Makin' the grown up kind of decisions usually sucks, but for once, I'm okay with this one. And... breathe.
Thank you so much for checking in on and grubbin' with us!
thx! It's a lot of work but we are definitely getting closer. Can't wait to show it off!
Well I learned that it started around 1700-1800 so idk much.
Can you plz follow me for a day so I can DM the ebay message?
It's also nice having a Taco Bell that is convenient; Well, I'm also glad they are hard to get to here
yuummmm.... candy corn ;D
Less than 20 minutes until class starts.
Justin Has Real Talent. <3
? Not all girls r like that
nah man, that shits dumb.
92 :( haha ill get you next time!
p by! See you when I see you." <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I got mad shit with me today!
Oh dang :(
It's not even fucking trending here!
Congratulations to and for 70 million views on #Kony. It's a landmark achievement
definitely lied.... what episode?
has the 25 days of Christmas started on abc yet?
....Bible, I'd use the New World Translation of the Jehovah's Witnesses. <2
“: CONGRATS! #truelove #sanfrancisco” Thank you! We are soo excited! Cheers!
Thank you! How've you been?!
hahahhahaha see I accidentally tweeted that on her account... Woops.
New hot compositions came out my 88 keys. I'll introducing new tunes in November tour...don't miss it
Holy fuck I'm outta shape
See Final restart in Loudon
you had my heart inside of your hand and you played it.
growth can be painfull
We are currently looking for Tutors & Mentors for Woolridge,Tippit Dawson,Paredes,Fulmore. Get Involved! Q&A at
who was the agent who worked his deal? Do you happen to know? Thx sir!
I feel like I need to read/see Hunger Games so that I know what the ENTIRE INTERNET is talking about!
Dont forget we do have those tickets for oct. 7 2011 for the start of #TopDJweekend and they are going fast!!
ooh that looks cool! We're definitely visiting Bardstown as my favorite bourbon is HQ'd near there. Thanks for this!
RIP Etta James :(
i just so tired of everyone on Facebook going "OMGZZ I LOVEE ONE DIRECTION" i knew them ever since last year and you like them now?
im confusedd!!!!!!!! will the meet and greet pass get shipped to us? or do we pick it up at the concert?
not that far. Let's chat closer to when u get here.
Thanks for the tweet. We think you're great, and recommend you frequently to people looking to compare LMSs.
We're not sure where Judge Sumi was born, so we're not going to comment on her religion.
Watching Mean Girls is trending. R-T if you're Watching Mean Girls
okauy i will have it by tonite :) -anna
OK, but can we skip the gallows and start the drinking now??
Happiness is finding a hand penned postcard from in the mail. Thank you! :)
MINES DUE WEDNESDAY. Are you librarying tonight?
it's not a crime if they are trying to raid your pension.
Tell Me A lie?! You couldn't possibly lie more than a liar... Or am I A lie.. Liar
I've been telling everyone that you're my grandpa. Hope that's ok :)
Who Cutting Them Checks? I Don't Work For Free
RT : Hey - Bicycling Mag just figured out something we've known 'round here for years! Namely that past (and hopefully......
Im struggling to find a topic about non-prof org management.
Favorite time of the week. McPherson Studios.
"La Cucaracha" if in English "The Cockroach" would have to be a Rufus Thomas song.
Great to know that if (IF, IF) (if) anything happens, we have a base for a DD support group.
it's no way you can mess that up... Or is it lol
I still don't understand why doesn't utilize more often. He is simply the best at what he does.
ight, gotta get back to that speech........ughh
Who the f_ is Warde Manuel??? Some jamoke from Michigan?
RT : No plans this Saturday? Joins us for Late Night w/ the Stars! $40 for open bar, entertainment, desserts & dancing!...
Good Morning :))
During the day I'm all bout lookin good, but when i get home i'm dressed for comfort. All the way down to these fuzzy pink slippers ;) lol
Great, thanks! Printed off your 50 Twitter Tips for an exciting project we've got in the works. Awesome tool!
Be careful with your words. Once they're said, they can only be forgiven not forgotten.
Dude, I am about to walk into class... This sucks... Good win last night!
Well this is not gonna be good.
Just got my tickets for the live show!
hey Austin :)
I need a New
I foreal ate too much!
RT : you see that girl that's havin a bad day? compliment her and make her smile, i'm tellin ya fellas
Are you unfollowing me or is twitter being insanely stupid for you as well unfollowing people
how long are the episodes
What a lovely day dream! I hope to ride the Orient Express one day.
Peace to Prince Ishier and Little K- Love they came from jersey to see the Gods rock out I wish more of my Jersey people would have came out
That may require us to also set up a kiddie pool.
"People who think well, write well."
I want sushi!
The old man told me he likes women that try hard on their work after he watched me mow.
According to a Gallup/USA Today Poll, Obama's Gay Marriage Endorsement Is Turning More Voters Away!
Where's the line for "I Survived the Apocalypse" t-shirts?
You better get it together and come to Chicago this year!
My first and only .edu account has finally been deactivated after nearly 15 years.
OMG I love it!
PALEASE! I also am yet to meet your daughter.
where at?
that awkward moment when makes you smell his chapstick . . .
You can get a tasty Arizona tea for 10 cents more!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet my soulmate.... and and and and :)
nah I haven't played it. Been hella busy
Loving the MJ Immortal World Tour FlashMob music MIX with Hollywood Tonight, Bad and thriller
Thanks for the follow! We love concerned Americans. They make the difference.
I got ya big bra
I'm on the wrong train. But I think it's my destiny...
lol. I did. Thanks for counting down w/ me <3 love you too babe! [=
Glen Campbell was great in Midnight Cowboy too.! Didn't he play Jon Voight?
is there a sequel to the cough drop tweets, kidney stone style? I can only hope.
Had a great academic year doing art/design for the Georgetown Voice! Both happy and sad that my time as Design Co-Editor has come to an end.
ha..Vinny Jones Man U song..class film
lol yeah let's see what u say when u r 30. If u r already there and still feel that way. In which case that's just sad.
Mrs. Draper works as a copy writer now? I should've known. She "wanted to learn what he does" right before she bagged 'em!
Just got my notification we're up and running on Google Drive (enterprise account) interested to see this Docs/Dropbox combo at work.
Very cool! is a global entrepreneur mentoring program
Are you going to do a follow spree when you reach 20K?:)
9 yr old daughter asked if you got home in 2 yesterday at Bergamont...
Courage is like love; it must have hope for nourishment. -Napoleon I
agreed! I'm free every week night except Wed and Fri! Lol
Trying to come up with done genius tweet.... Its not working
Little more than four hours till I'm done with work and I can focus all of my energy/hatred towards the flyers
COMING SOON!!! THE LAST DAY!!!
This wrap is disgusting
haha yeah they're pretty solid, my old band played with them on one of their first tours
have you made sure all the bands know to avoid that date :-)
I just learned what "totes" meant. #imnota16yearoldgirlanymore :-(
About to roll it old school on ! Montel Jordan "This Is How We Do It" is up next!
Isn't it just insane? I'm having a hard time believing we're already two months into 2012!
guys, I have created not#starcraft to keep us safe
A world is being discovered. Join us.
No innerwebz thanks to What are these odd rectangular things made of paper? And these vinyl black discs? #analogEvening :)
BOYZ ARE BACK
The Used is definitely really sick man
It's raining, its pouring.....
hm, maybe they'll believe i was watching a youtube video? i hope soo.. i should stop ranting now.
thanks lol thanks I gotta a song called capricorn ...wait to u hear it its so hott!
we are an organization that builds greater understanding & engagement between Muslims & non-Muslims
I remember Firkusny playing Janacek's 1905 Sonata almost 20 years ago - what a performer.
The classy way huh? Dont you mean the cheapass way.
No way, not that! Twilight Imperium is a space empire board game! And a really long one.....
67 & MTNG <3 ! Excited for a GREAT season with you guys!
plaid on plaid
Whats going on? I wanna holla at y'all about I project I wanna get y'all om
Did not mentally prepare for today's gardening. However, we are ready for our kissing scene with Salma Hayak.
Congrats on win last night
I hate living in the fuckin hoosmd I swear.
Heidi Klum and Seal are splitting up. Now is the time to make my move.
it says it in the bible. God forgives you for all your sins, but he can't forgive you for that because you're already DEAD!
thatd be awesome! lets see what u got!
Ironically, there's apparently no one in the room who can fix the PA in time for the Best Sound Editing award.
I'm hungry af !
What was your favorite Golden Globe moment or winner?
I am he is an amazing hockey player.
My cat Ziggy is sick, today is just an awful day.
rofl Sorry! Not my recipe. Will check yeast quantity and get back to you... That seems the likely culprit.
Nope. Who needs me when you have Brandon anyways?
What questions would you want to ask a teen movie star?
Pleasantly surprised & pleased the won Game 7 today in Memphis
the video cracked me up...unfortunately true
It's so hard waxing my own vag. Despite how many times my mom showed me how to. :-/
She threw up when Katniss & Rue were gnawing the animal meat off the bones. Not sure if it was the scene or she was just sick.
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 28
Bank robbers give a bad name to people who just want to deposit their check with a mask on
wen u alone u hear EVERYTHING! haha
I've to go to do some shopping
oh hi.
#Apple even makes delivery fun. China to HK to Anchorage to Tennessee to Newark to home. GEEK-UPS tracking.
Bought 8g organic plugs. Me = geeked
Love how me and hayley are gonna run round the field at 6 every monday just for fitness.. We're freaks!
Just got a little more integrated into the dept of integrated medicine. Score.
Joke is on your Memphis. Keep waiting...
Today marks the end of Work-At-Home-Moms Week. Shout out to all the moms raising the kids and paying the bills!
friendz change on you real quick str8-up!
Yay!!!!!!! Go Adele! You so deserve this :D
In Herndon for the day for an NVAR meeting.
dear people of twitter, Please follow !!!!! love, Alexis<3
#np "Slow Jam"--Usher. Thank you, Pandora 90s R&B.
they can't whoop me tho
Preview #2...it's going to be a fun show!
So hungry.
i just look on fb for a min and this nigga got a girl tatted on his neck
So Nialls gone partying & so has Louis & El. While Harry Liam & Danny chill in the States.(: Whereas Zayn's hanging with family & frends.
I got stuck on a 60 run
You are most welcome!
no! You know is horrible friend.lol
who' going to win tonight?
I've used a couple, but what is your favorite SMS blast service?
Well Don't let EP fool you. ;)
I'm not the kind of person to look after skin color. I look after the inside of a person their heart not color or even race
“Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.” <U+2015> Malcolm X
Woah there, twitter is making me a bit horny right now!
Yoou do those to!?
writing a new blog post about the great Marty Walker! stay tuned...
*cute boy driving next to us* 'I know that guy.' 'Really?' 'No, I wish.'
LET'S GO BARBIE
"Your past is like a painting, and as the artist of the painting, it's my job to fill all of the ugly holes, and make it beautiful again"
Nice!!! How was the show? RT : we saw Da Bear's Greg Olsen at zoomanity tonight.
Vegas for the weekend! Loving it
Last Night ROcked Shack in Vegas. Salsa Night was great. Looking forward to more Friday Nights like that!! Merry Christmas!
someone said court st.
Bo! Hope it wasn't that brunch at ! Wish we would have had more time to chat that day.
A kush high + motivation= another song to add to my collection ... 2RealEnt
THX 2 Yvonne Sherman Oaks 4 helping me choose and install my brand-spankin'-new car battery!! This past one lasted over 8 years?!
50% off Yoga or Pilates at Astor Street Dance Studio - you can mix and match the classes you want to take! www.crowdclick.com
Make sure your battery back-up on your computers, servers, etc. are working properly. These storms are taking out a lot of electricity.
Harry said he's bi? When did this happen? o:
whens your next run thur the ville?
It's almost the weekend!
Insanity is doing the same things over and over and expecting new results -Einstein <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Imagine: You- Its so cold! Austin- Not in my arms ;)
Time to play like #Vegas style baby !!! It's #flyonetime at
okay. Did you hear about Sally?
in the summer of 2014 we will celebrate Ray's birthday in Tulsa. I hope some of you can make it!
Does any Political Journalists or News Junkies want to chat about the Pres General Election?
I hate my class
Aww, thank you! She's too adorable for her own good, gets away with everything 'cuz she charms me with her cuteness :)
you owe me $20 bro!
Also, take that with a tiny grain of salt, I only have 140 characters to work with.
I have to watch my language on facebook, because my girlfriends mommy says I have a potty mouth. Bahahhaa
what a busy Tuesday already....
RT : So excited to announce that will be sponsoring a cookie decorating table at the #MKEfoodies Holiday Bake Sale.
can you guys make it to a Boston house party this Saturday ;)
Thank u ;)
errand run today!
What did you always want to be (do) when you grew up -- and did you become that person?
Looks like 's been getting some insider tips
The weekend is almost here!! Happy Hour is coming!!
I often change the spec until the code has demonstrated long term value. I find TDD wasteful in this case.
no I feel super duper badd
“: Tweeted this with my left nipple!”....ur so strange girl
studio for clean vocals tommorrow! Once we get some mixes i'll email ya?
Hey, please help how I can watch !? (:
haha I knew somebody was gonna guy with the guy NEXT to the guy
Does anyome print decals?
Your chances would be increased substantially.
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Othere Than Meeting You Of Course!(: #NeverSayNever xoxo
Oh yeah...got big things happening down there. I am done here in the sticks.
Get down to , the games are over and is on stage doing a live video set!!
So true my friend. So true. RT“: haha exactly. Only those who lack talent complain lol.”
HL7 Standards are standard in a different way at each hospital -Kerry Matre conference
I never gave a fuck about what you heard about me..
This lab is taking forever.
This convo just makes me SMH. 80% paperwork, 20% Tx. What about the 50% arguing with other professionals?
They've whiffed on every receiver in the last ten years except for Crayton, why not keep the trend going?
Just so you know, I miss you like crazy. And a tiny part of me hopes that you miss me too.
the problem is the warning is voluntary. Just as much risk with foods w/no info!
you always have the best shit to retweet :)
He kicked 78% FGs last year. 2nd lowest percentage of his career.
there are some beardos in Ybor city, not sure if they have formed an official club.
sure. when /where? Im flexible
Does it take you HOURS to do something that should take MINUTES for your business? Let us find a software to help with that frustration! Se…
just starting following ....could be really interesting.
Agreed! RT : Great job hosting today's #kbtribechat ... See you later at #lfi2012 (in person and on TW).
I'm absolutely in love with new icon (;
What is the most colorful bird you see at your bird feeder? Ours is the Goldfinch (the man Goldfinch).
i can't wait #AudiA7 is going to look good on me :)
Being successful isn't a goal. It's a habit.
-- gotta love Bootstrap, from Twitter. thanks guys. making my life easier.
lolz every body i no is watching the
Thank you for the #FF mention! Have a great weekend!
Celts fans rule!!“: Not sure what the folks at Philips want all these Celtics fans to do with the Hawks towels they gave out.”
At the theaters and trying not to tweet..;)
I love you more than anything in the world, my life will collapse without you.
then y did he follow us?!
My partner Rachel argued a very intense motion in a tribal court in Montana today, fighting on behalf of two parents who's child....
This time last year I was in New York avoiding the drunks from New Jersey.
i hope so! I still need to get a picture :o
Krispy Kreme is running a special.
you play tennis? shut up! haa. so do I. We'll have to play a match.
"my first kiss was supposed to be someone special and with a high gpa and a future, not a mario brother!" #modernfamily is hilarious!
when your jealous all the god damn time > -.-
Thank you. :) You the best. Btw: I loves your tweets.
Thanks to Pastor & 1st Lady Oliver & the Elizabeth Baptist Church for allowing me to preach God's word there today. What a time we shared
They will somehow survive!
thanks for the RT!
so true - feel better!
Twilight series, Harry Potter Series, AND Hunger Games series. Harry Potter being on top, of course.
S.A.D.="Save All Doobies"
One of my best friends tonight lost a loved one. Please keep my friend and his family in your prayers. I'm here for you and your family bro
#2YearsofGreysonPaparazzi... I can't believe how for you have come. Keep going, I love you you xx
a special good morning for you
dude; I'm not that fond of Democrats. They're just the lesser evil. It's sad.
Only if the goal is reached by that point in time!
My mom says I'm becoming an alcoholic, My dad says I'm just a wimp... I think my dads got a more valid point
This has to be a record for the most days spent without seeing a roommate. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Congrats to our sister magazine and ! Can't wait to see #WatchHerWork vid. #
how was ur day??
RT TONIGHT 10HRS OF FUN IT'S ON!
NEXT Thursday night The Pinch is playing at Big V's with Daymoths. January 5th
u guys excited ?
circus music
let me find a fuck to give......... oh wait, can't find a fuck.
Can a young nigga get money anymore?
went on them tonight. can the smoking threes rec basketball team get a S/O or at least a retweet!?!?!?!
PM why only follow two when I am trying to create jobs and help move the state to world-class, #engaging, no cost curriculum?
First week of Fall term AND I had to put in 60 hrs at work... man, I'm tired!!!
+1. They are truly #disruptive. RT : My money is on tonight.
Trying to ramp up our launch bugs and launch a massive campaign - with FB's recent assault on privacy we expect a lot of new members
Making new friends...
Complaint filed. Hopefully this means we get our deposit back.
Nite Owl Specials after 10 pm tonight. What a great way to wrap your Friday night out!
Don't forget Curriculum Night is TOMORROW! Join us 5:30-6:45pm followed by a Camp Wllson Parent Meeting for 3rd-5th grade in Ms. Kim's room
Thanks Julie! Hope all is well.
“: not long now till ur tour ! May 15th London !!!! All of me #buynow”I can't wait until she hits the U.S
We watched #Hugo tonight. Sweet, heartwarming movie.
Mouth hurts. But I must go to school tomorrow
Oh, those gun shots sounded really nearby.
when i get bored 1. Tumblr 2. twitter 5. stare at my posters 6. text someone 7. contemplate cleaning room or posters 9. EAT SLEEP REPEAt
Are you there? For the game? Damn you!
Sorry, no offense was intended.
It's very hard for a seven year old girl to accept that the cat she has known all her life may soon no longer be with her.
Supply dictionaries for coaches RT : Dr.Brett Reed has been added to my list of potential clinic speakers Coaches Clinic
ha, man its always better when you ain't at
Did the Christmas Special air here?
Of course it does! If only we all had a bit of crochet for those a/c days of summer.
Don't cook in your undies. It can hurt.
Thank you for sharing about WJU grads! We're lookling for new Talent to add to our Leadership Team!
Get down to BuckBradley's tonight for an viewing party at 9 PM for Game 3 of the #CalderCup Playoffs!
Does Axe make sunscreen? You'd get a lot of doofy 13 year olds with healthy skin.
Apple raises the bar again with Mountain Lion. Curious to see reaction to the new notes app.
I think Shoshanna is my favorite.
It's a GORGEOUS day in #Miami ! Off to the beach! See ya!
If so, it's certainly better than so-called "post-feminism."
I cannot put down John Green's The Fault in Our Stars
<-- Interesting. Results most likely tainted by FB's rollout of flexible security options, though.
First full day of the IWJ conference! So proud of my staff for helping to organize a great event!
#HillerHelps - #CollaborativeLaw can create a 'marriage contract' that sets out what work you will do on the marriage.
don't eat around the blue spots colin!! the bread is BAD
Im scared to let him outside in the backyard cause i think i will loose him
Pretty sure none of the people on the #SXSW "4-hour work week is bullshit" actually are 4-hour work weekers.
Thanks Honey :)
Open your eyes to recognize those who are full of sound & fury, yet signify nothing. It is often the quiet ones who have the most to say.
Could not read chrome manifest file 'C:\Program Files\Mozilla Firefox\extensions\{972ce4c6-7e08-4474-a285-3208198ce6fd}\chrome.manifest'.
I won't tell and thank you!
Happy Monday
My 17yo son just got into town! He's staying until Monday! This wkend we'll eat, laugh, play games & MAKE MEMORIES! My momma heart is HAPPY
the man can flat out hoop.
Oh, how sad. Davy Jones died today. It was crazy then.
Cactus is officially the worst place on earth. 27 mins waiting at the bar still without a drink.
Were there but time, I so would.
The tone on this panel is mostly favorable towards Pathways b/c it's stoking new conversations about curriculum.
Just saw your tweet this morning, what's up with Durbin?
my owner is she can be so mean sometimes, ya know
Spending my weekend with my sisters, my mama, my brother, nd his kids :) Thats what I call
I so need to try out the :)
That Kashmir Tchai that I picked up on impulse at Kusmi Tea last night after seeing "Arriety"? So good.
It doesn't feel like a Thursday... more like a Tuesday
anytime <U+263A><U+2764> and funny cause he's with me on OUR date <U+263A>
Toshiba Has The Thinnest Tablet In The World, But Does That Make It The Best? (GOOG)
If you don't fast you won't last; if you don't pray you won't stay.
Every laker game I watch Kobe lets me down ... Turnovers and terrible shot selection.
The clippers right now >>>>
Today is the 7th anniversary of the election of #Pope Benedict XVI to succeed JPII.
How about Organo Gold Coffee? Contact me for free samples.
. & u might consider avoiding the "ignorant fuck" koolaid you swill by the gallon, you taxdollar-sucking do-nothing.
Rumor: Insurance companies are following customers on Facebook to asses their health issues. I am sure it's not just Facebook they look at.
Tried Domino's sandwiches tonite,and had bread sticks with IBC.Oh yeah,and a long blonde pussy burger!M-Juicy!
from one erep to another....how long have you done this? ever do an eparty? Fundraiser? My Upline stranded me.
My van kissed a deer last night but didn't like it. Ugh. A day of adjusters, and awkward transport ahead.
A leader does more than block shots and grabs rebounds. A leader leads by example. Pulls guys together/talks/inspires...
quite well. Thesis writing is slow but steady.
a little late to the game aren't we?? So was I ;)
You're one of those kids who likes to fight people because you bumped your poor liddo shoulder on someone else's
you better quote thT Mary mary... Man that song has gotten me through some tough stuff!
Fill in the blank! "This Valentine's Day is awesome because ____________."
How many DUI's leave Miller Park today?
it's in my wallet.
M fresh out the oven auntie annes
I definitely prefer emails to phone calls ;-)
I'm so sorry that I'm such a problem to you.
": Wielding a bass larger than her body, Esperanza Spalding makes it look effortless in today's #MBE. " Tune in now!
Uh oh Twit friends..."Studies show - People who use Twitter every day tend to have briefer relationships."
Good dress rehearsal with for #sci conference concert tonight. Electronics+voices+video. Woot.
New menu items coming soon start tuned!
Sleep, wake, sleep, wake... make up your minds, people!
Prediction: Tiger shoots 72. Struggling in this wind.
Next up is Karin on tips and tricks for proposing/designing a new legal research class.
very misty!
But not on coke. Just Yoko.
I dont have the track for the ad libs. Can you send them?
woah, I met bill nye the science guy last night!
I'm doing homework -.- hate do hw at this hour
I choose not to tweet, I twaat!
wow really?
Looking forward to the Indiana Artisan Weekend! I'll be there on Sunday.
Birds do not have teeth, but they do have have really hard bills made of keratin (protein).
Moon snail shells are hard to find, but if Chiton valves and Limpet shells were money, I'd be rich.
This ep is the shit!! Can't wait for you guys to hear it, shit is MASSIVE.... is the fuckin man
I wish I woulda knew earlier lemme know next time you go
Trying to teach my grandma how to use iTunes
Embrace who You Are! RT
No one needs the 'freedom' to be a 'productive citizen', only the freedom to simply 'be'. If U are judged by your income, U have no freedom.
Unfollow this page and follow my new one now
you cannot be serious?? For what reasons? They better let shaw play then
With my Baby (:
Just finished tracking a tune for Echo Bones. Good stuff!
I just want to dance until I die rt and
So the was fabulous. We tried the parmesan fries, the rounders, and the steak sarnie. All amazing. Plan to go back lots.
Thanks for sharing the word on events around town. I'm sure lots of DC'ers and wallets are happy and thankful.
you betta work the hell out of itt!!! and you betcha hard!! ahaha
Rondo did a great job of getting between the defender and basket on the break. Young players take note.
Yeah, it's all different now.
via Gilberto R. Rodriguez Don't dream it. Be it.
Dear #PressCorpse: What does tell his gay Wall Street donors in private about #SSM?
Totally rooting for the L.A. Kings now. Go Kings!!! King and Devils.
your so sweet that you put Hershey's out of buisness(:
just saw your tweet. Yep, who else could talk about dropping a body in an alley without thinking it sounded odd.
18,585 is tonight attendance and also the # Pirates fans who got so drunk that they still don't know that the Phillies won.
We really like healthy eating challenge!! Got any smart ideas to share? Can't wait to see your vid...
My pleasure !
Los Angeles! I'll be there this Sunday , Dec 18th! Check it!
Thanks for the follow Penny!
CEO of originally dubbed #SM as "Digital PR" ... not far off.
Crazy my middle name
#TEDxABQ who knew one person produces 61 tons of trash! AND, 4270 tons to get rid of it
": 7 days till the derby!!!! Who is everyone betting on?" I'm betting me & will be hammered
Yes, I just saw Avengers for the sixth time...
I have mentioned Uncle Sam's Plantation and Star Parker to you for years now. Please read the book and speak to her.
re:same sex interracial adoption: In Our Mothers' House, White Swan Express, Monika's Papa is Tall
Lodi man arrested Tue. 4th drunken driving after losing control of car & crashing into snowbank. Don’t let this be you. Get a Step Ahead!
Why in the hell do I have to press 1 for English, and be left on hold for ten minutes, to ultimately speak to someone who can't speak E...
ya thats not funny. I feel bad for the guy
One of those days where I don't feel like doing anything.
Powder <3 love the movie and the donuts :)
same thing happened to me man
Sometimes you just have to #salute stupid people...you so dumb it has to be smart!! O_o
absolutely brotha sounds good
im on!
Classes are cancelled tonight. As of right now, weekend classes are still on.
“: My sister complains too much about not getting off the plane hahahah” yes I do. Cause stupid people are making me mad.
Stop listening to people who say you can't. Never tell yourself you're not capable.
me too! I'll have to see how it fits. Oh and then I need to find shoes...all by next Sunday.
thank you!!! i'm grateful for and all the people who came with it
That would be great. i just hope they stay at No. 4 and don't trade down needlessly.
I may not be your type,but I dare you to get to know me!
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil.
It is then. Boo
omg yes<U+2665> iloveyou!! :D lets hope sees tht ^-^ it would been the world to me and best xmas present ever <U+2665>
Facts don't convince. Emotion, Values, Story Telling all do.
I've got ice packs at my desk; related: they are not frozen and thus likely not useful to you.
Jus got to Vegas
": i cant believe i really jus washed my hair at work ahahah" <-- gotta do what yah gotta do lol
Hate that rule. Was technically good call, but it's unrealistic to think a guy could stop when in one step. No call if Kobe.
wasnt planning on going out but i never back down from a challenge, you have no chance
Happy Birthday!
Any youtube requests!?
Looks like the rain and snow has left the metro area with some left over in the south, sun tomorrow? Let's hope
Just tapped Crispin Brut Apple Cider.
cousin's baby shower (:
that's the best thing ever
Time to create! working on buckle art at the moment. Later.
Thanks so much! Do u know Brandy Agerbeck? Cool chica- graphic facilitator.
-_- jk. I love Chris, despite all of his rudeness towards an innocent cat and myself.
Ok Kenny your brother rusty and Steve are coming Matt and Ross Kenneth Bill and Chase Elliot Milwaukee mile where are you
can you say tht in american
"Fires of the world will keep you longer than you intended to stay and will cost you more than you intended to pay."
It's very clean & st8forward. Yes, it could be prettier, but, personally, sometimes I'm thankful for a simple presentation.
Update: Slow release of trains back into GC. Delay of 15 trains backed up.
Thanks for following me, I love your account!
I wouldve been crying the whole time anyways so...just gonna laugh 's photos from the wax museum :p
Thank you :-)
lol apparently that was my thinking
Another gorgeous day at 56°F! Did you know there's still plenty of #snow on Sandia Peak? Perfect time 4 a #snowshoe adventure ;)
as if I don't have enough things to keep me awake at night worrying...
Kick ass calyspo band in occidental park - 50 cpls dancing - between last supper and fireman statue
Aww yeah I got a job for the summer
She's a real lady.
HathiTrust is a rockstar as far as I'm concerned!
all of this "can't be" always reinforcing the alien-ness of our family. people forget, they insult "moms" to me as if I am not one.
Scott Brown 's easy ride. His response to everything is to express concern with details but say he's open minded if policy is fixed. CRAP
Free Comic Book Day 2012 is nearing... This Saturday... Nothing will ever be the same again...
thanks man had a blast !
Exactly!! ;) I hope to chat at the next #mnprsa event!
Watch me devour this supper when its done cooking LOL
It rains shattered glass in my art room, literally...
Adopt a "no drama" policy in your office and your home. Clear out the garbage and watch your life transform! via
I'm finally 15! I feel so young. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!
Time to go on a networking rampage..
TO THOSE WHO WAIT, not an HEA but a "happy now" just released from www.whiskeycreekpress.com. A must read for every teacher and parent.
Take it easy over there! Maybe this time the news isn't sensationalizing how rough the East Coast is getting beaten on
Open your mind before your mouth
im not sure one band just played. everclear is nxt then all american rejects i wanna say maybe around 830
Sometimes I just want to apologize to all the waiters in the country for my family.
Is it top secret, or can you share? :)
when people don't follow back<<<<
Today God sent us a taste of Spring. Sunday and 60 degrees when typical is below freezing. What an awesome God to give us variety.
oh wow are they really tonight?! Fuck, I wish I knew.. I wanted to do dance next year /:
Thanks, man. Really dig your line as well!
Live from MetroStage Tonight at 6:30 Filming of Yusef Chisholm and his band Common Knowledge. www.metrostage.org for details.
I hate to ask.. but did I ever email you that collab? Haha.
No Worries!! Thats what we do all day every day here. We were called away from Twitter is all
Lord. I need to put my hair up.
Having my coffee in #Nerdland with Then to write my 250 words for the day.
Created new account
That is weird!! So when do ya wanna write?:)
is anything you post *not* brilliant?
to the dome!
...DONE..now follow back
On some real shit I don't deserve her
"[Harvey's post] is is horrible and distasteful ad hom, and not fit for any intelligent or principled forum." Thx 4 the luv, T. V. Dyke!
Just saw shark night 3D. If you want to see stupid kids that get destroyed by sharks. This is the movie for you!
Working on my WebQuest. Actually getting some good ideas!
throw some epmd on the cafe.
from one Brandon to another, welcome to the Cowboys!!! Gettin paid and winning championships.
Make sure your estate goes to your loved ones without family or court interference! Seminars on 2/23, 2/24 and 2/25. www.KH-LAW.net
#DanceRogue2012 #Leggo! RT : In the studio choreographing for workshop this weekend!! Woo hoo #schoolin life
Why am I setting the alarm for 9am tomorrow?!
*Opens door* Hello :)
Cleaning like a boss. a clean boss... level: mr. clean.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. -Aristotle
Alcohol gives you infinite patience for stupidity. -Sammy Davis, Jr.
Finally got my vans warped tour tickets
'All the rumors regarding Marc Anthony and Jada are false,' says Jada's rep. 'Because we just made that shit up,' she thinks to herself.
Thank you :) and YOU have an awesome day too!
cool. glad to meet some fellow hoteliers.
I mean somebody actually voted for Joe Johnson? That tells you all you need to know.
Text it guys!
weird. That should have been a text, turned into a tweet.
you had me until bean burrito. Mos def not a sexy food. :-)
Listening to Lana Del Rey's new album. You either love her or hate her...we love her so far. Very NYC-pop.
She's amazing! I love her. :)
: Bit tired so I am looking forward to this flight so I can get some sleep and keep my league going on #footballmanager ...
never heard of that at all... school book ?
as in "lemme tell you about my killer musicianship skills"?
Its @ holmes hall 3am all blaq attire
I contact my financial advisor before any decision that involves money! This ain't a joke!
Charging my phone in Mrs.Smiths class lol my favorite class<3
ohh what's your new job, now I'm curious!
Good Morning! Happy Friday everyone
We'll give you a call to set it up. Looking forward to it.
that's TALENT boi. He make those n his sleep. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
using the weekend to catch up on projects at work
thanks for following ;P
Broken toe. Cut up. Still gonna dance tomorrow. Never stopping.
I just know that its kinda rockish and a woman sings it.. And that I like it xD lmao one day it'll just hit me (y)
Watching Disney Channel Movies From Back In Days... And Loving Them
Why spring is in the air! William's Gap is calling...
Dan Greenstein: presses need to be "tubs with their own bottoms." What does this mean?
Wine, sushi and League of Legends. Why yes, I could get used to this.
I change myself, I change my world :)
I can't.wait until boyfriend I net its gonna.sound awesome!!!¡
"send me a job's bill worthy of Mordor" - Pres. Barack Obama
I'll try to right now I'm hungry and don't know what to eat lol
ironkoopz ! What's good in miami?! Just touched down on tour. (stranger in a strange land)
ohh, lol. Who wouldn't he's fine as hell!
Why wouldnt it be : hopefully
I love seeing my timeline freak out when tweets.
Join the mailing list of A&R to get updates on opportunities for music producers RT
Hecky. Yeah man and you too
Hi Thank you for the follow. Best of luck to you with your new release!
Chase Bank refuses to credit fraudulent charges caused by Chase data insecurity while "investigating" follow
You'll always miss 100% of the shots you never take..
Excellent news! Any of them are welcome to contact me - if they'd like.
The world is all gates, all opportunities, strings of tension waiting to be struck
Thanks for the retweet!
I'll be updating the "computer repair services and cost of labor" section soon with more of our services.
Hello I'm new here people were net if you would help me thank you
any chance you want to share that serial? lol
No doubt I'm wearing a dryer sheet disguised as a shirt.
Bruins-Caps first round...what what!
can you please follow me back? :)
Please support Lancaster's Spanish American Civic Association. Buy tickets to their 31st annual Fiesta! Latin food, fun!...
I dont care
Just saw you staring at me through glass for literally 10 minutes. Check that, just a different
Both Of Yall Need To Go.! So We Can Be Live Nd So I Can Ride Widd One Of Yall :). Basically To Get Livee.!
My hair got wet... are you kidding me.. pissed...
Just experienced some of the worst #customerservice I've had in awhile. More tempted to take my Platinum business elsewhere
The Lovely Boners
TOO MANY LIMES! TOO MANY LIMES!
Wes! I haven't seen you in forever!
a little bit.
Have none of you seen a Heat game this season? That's how all their games start.
yessir get your mama something special
That's one healthy baby.
r u going to the cornival or what? Lol
Life has to end, Love doesn't.
Georgetown College baseball Tigers defeat Lindsey Wilson 5-1.
so I'm still waiting to see all of the 6-5 guys they were gonna put on TJ. They were bigger than us.
If this works out, I will be the happiest girl in the world.
Special Event this Thursday the 29th! spinning live. Check out his hit song "Tung"
Why do you think it was about you?
Too bad! What class is it for?
I was looking for my headphones all day; they were in my pocket.
Study Finds Increased Warming Over Wind Farms ...
Man accused of strangling Carlsbad girlfriend has long history of domestic violence allegations by ex-wife in Orange County
Wake up & take advantage. Not too many opportunities brew up that can actually get you into the next bracket of your career..
#np Everybody Talks- Neon Trees
thnks! I'll give it a listen! I'm just want more songs to put on my iPod
Ok dancing starting...
I can't decide what to do this weekend: Lobster Races or Cooter Fest?
no target...following other #Austin people :-) you @ mentioned me earlier so...
Always a pleasure working with
like a playa with a pregnant girlfriend ha ha
RT meh: So we need girls on our street team. Who's down? :)
When humanity is reduced to objects, it is easy to distort others and see them as less worthy & subhumans with no feelings, worth & dignity
guess who is new to twitter!
iknow it wont. Iv accepted that
thank you :)
i wanna go work out again with someone.haha, its been a long time though.
Thanks for the RT. We always appreciate working with our busness partners.
Been really stressing out the knees with my workouts lately. What are some of your favorite ways to avoid workout related injuries?
I seriously wish I knew how to play guitar or drums. I mean..like actually knowing what I'm playing.
When youre trying to eat healthier but theres only unhealthy bullshit at your house <<
Dnt gotta be a dj to host soming bro who told you that lol": siah hosting it that's what's sup he ain't a dj though lol
#TruthIs sometimes making other people happy is better than making myself happy .
Excellent idea! Resilience training would be great for sts too, but hard to do unless tchrs are resilient
Miami Dolphins (safety) & his artist , GATO DA BATO, many more 645 WASHINGTON IN SOUTH
Thanks to the loyal supporters.. Let's take it to the top..
Do you think Rihanna can spell Rihanna?
you tried editing the java preference too?
Sprinkles cupcakes for breakfast.
Going to bed on a full full full stomach. Dinner with my L.A. fam makes me laugh. They're good people.
hee hee .. that's all? I'm almost to 1500. :P lol
Nice! I was farting around with the idea of doing something like "A Wrinkled White Man in Time," but then gave up.
Awesome! Lets get together one day when I'm in town!
we love you right back! Thanks for the shout ;)
you got to have swag to be a rapper! Lol
Sorry I haven't been on in a while, I've been busy sightseeing San Francisco.
We Guarantee Highly Qualified Security Professionals Get the Security Personnel You Want – When you Need Them!
I don't like Rascal that much but love Fast Cars and Freedom
I want some cheesecake
Thanks Jason!
#WorstSubjectinSchool is this a joke far and away the population will go with Math and its not even close
Monday at Dunkin Donut Nostrand Avenue is fine. I sent you an email also confirming the date
ok now im getting off, goodnight everyone :)
'Before Watchmen' panel scheduled for Kapow! Comic Con: DC Comics confirms its plans for Mark Millar's London comics convention.
You do videos or photography. Start building inventory. Get lights,fog,props. You'll be able to charge more cuz u not just a point n shoot
Love all these adoption mamas tonight.
I didn't think the questions were that challenging after reading the story. Not Pinkwater's best effort, however.
Night at work = studying for physics. Studying all day tomorrow with a workout, lunch, workout 2, and dinner break.
last night i had a dream i was a dolphin trainer, it is only fitting that i start my semester out with my first class of marine biology! :)
tomorrow would be good I have work Wednesday and Thursday hair app!
How much of the P2P sharing economy (AirBNB, Parking, Rides etc.) based on tax avoidance - hotel taxes ~30%, + undeclared extra income?
hey Alex, its already 6pm here. I got new kicks today! What are you dong (:?
blood drive today made me so dizzy & out of it. might as well have not even been in school. barely remember shit..
Suggestion – Eighth, Mention something positive about the speakers who spoke before you, if there were any speakers.
Shouldn't you be showering right now so you can be on time tonight?!
Fun Fact: WAS IT A CAR OR A CAT I SAW. This is the only English sentence which even if we read in reverse will give the same sentence.
You are too cute. Let's lunch soon. Thinking about how I can weave his piece into future writing. -
Tears are words the heart can't say.
Ha! its my first one. :D lolz
So sad! 9 years and it all ends tonight!
At WLCV!!! Awaiting a weekend of membership recruitment :D
I'm bored. This was not worth going to school today
Sounds great.
Oh, when will I ever be free from the guilt of not doing work on the weekend.
It's 2p: Daft Punk & greatness ensues. tonight with , though, I'm really stoked to be a Bond-villain again
Even if you don't see me, I see you & I will always tweet you. I <3 you. Everyone should. UR an inspiration.
Check Out My New Twitcon =)!!
Mission accomplished. Legs and abs feel like jelly. Love it!
HAPPY 16th BIRTHDAY to my bestfriend in this entire world <3 Love you 16 year old (: <U+E328><U+E335><U+E10E><U+E314><U+E035><U+E13E><U+E31C><U+E112> #happysweet16 best sister ever !
I wish there were flights for just people who fly a lot. Boarding would take 12 seconds.
prepping the studio
Way to be a follower
Lincecum Ks the side in 3rd, has four Ks in a row.
Has anyone seen a mobile site, where clicking on the "contact us" brings up a contact card? Please share.
it's going great. about to kick off the new school year! you?
Loving this!
I wish I stuck with dance when I was little
family can get really crazy
Details Emerge of ZoneCast Pitch to FCC - Soup 4u!
ok, Jasper Farm Winnimer is our new fav! I might skip dinner and just eat cheese. :)
Appreciated point from : don't judge experiences as positive or negative. Instead: ask if helpful v unhelpful.
Looking forward to 's webinar today on helping your staff & board become better #nonprofit marketers!
Weren't you wearing a Duke shirt today...hahaha
small world! We can take great inspiration from the here!
! "Protesters chant 'thank you thank you' to lines of riot police as security forces stand back and let demonstrators pass in shubra #jan25"
I like it! :) RT : I also enjoy curmudgeon, haha. RT : Kerfuffle is my new favorite word (persnickety is a close second).
appreciated the kubler-ross ref in yr lambchop review.
Well Gotta Sleep Haha! (: Goodnight! xx
just hauled ass downstairs to watch grey's....just realized it's on at 9
'Take all of this Book [the Bible] upon reason that you can and the balance on faith, and you will live and die a happier and better man."
Busy night tonight. Working out at , last minute shopping at , packing 4 xmas, & convincing to watch Home Alone.
Tomorrow is out but Thursday is in.
looking for "the one"
#Facebook stock price just jumped up to $42.98! We are open for business!
its already in the mail box
Love is a verb not a noun..
Thanks Court!! It's the only workout that is remotely closed to our softball workouts, and the only way I stay motivated <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
haha I don't listen to mainstream lol an know rap trust me, an I'll do that when EVER you decide to talk to what's her face ;)
"Arms have to look like they are breathing, legs have to look like they are breathing." James Canfield, choreographer
Anyone in #fortcollins #colorado and likes #glutenfree cookies for 50% off?? Let us know!! We've got a store for you.
No plans for an Android version of the app yet... will be exclusive to the iPhone for the foreseeable future.
I am going to buy those tickets so hard.
Loved that line. What a magical emotional roller coaster of a day.
I know. HE HAS A VERY NICE BODY.
Heading home real tipsy and no im not driving gotta get up early and run a few laps to see if my leg is getting better !
It was a beautiful day in #NY Now back at the Jane Hotel for an early night.
Check out our new ProLine Bakeware made outside of Pgh. in Cresent Twp. It has a silicone glaze finish, is warp resistant, & rust proof!
Remember our favourite line ? If fat go where ? (:
Looking for a great place to hit the weights? Look no further than ! Come in for a 10 day free pass!!
Dude, how many sausage shooters did you do last night?
You are very welcome...I thank you too for my RT
that's what I'm saying. Like sorry u havent met him does that mean I have to stop meeting him cause u haven't? No
feel so bad for verdasco, bc the outcome when he plays Nadal is always the same
Thanks for the
John McCain has 3 different types of govt insurance - V.A., U.S. Govt. and Medicare...but he doesn't want you or me to have even one form.
:o) please follow back..
well with Lola's skills and Bill Murrays agility and Brute strength they made a run at it..just wasn't their season i guess
Let me find out Collin here and didn't tell me
Back to Wisconsin for the weekend.
Hi John. Hope u have a chance 2 check out & dig u some Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
Paint, glue, it's all been ingested! RT : haha been there many a time :)
I'm chilling until I go to work
Mini marathon has begun. Just an astounding sight of these thousands of runners.
That boi a genius. This mix tape hot...
She didn't buy Raid. We have Hot Shot. The thing sucks. The best Raid I've used is the one from Home Depot. Lol
It feels like its freakin friday
Love when you get emotional over a dance. Love it!
RT : Counting the hours to my date with Don. I'm having an old fashioned. Love those
#TRANSFORM Tuesday
*Dragging in a breath* What are we going to do about you biting your lip, Ms. Blythe?
luvs wat I do name me another job where nice guys call U a goddess & really mean it?
At home? LOL Good Luck!
So what the hell is Warrior Dash?
omg 8 more tweets to 200
Music Video Shoot this Sunday for my hit song Club Rockin'!
i've lost my to-do list... i guess i'll just pace around in circles till i pass out.
Never wanted you more than NOW !!!
Thanks so much for helping me too!
m toes(:
When you interview a CEO for Inc., the biz mag, & when he sighs, disappointed, to learn u're not from Inked, the tattoo mag, u're alive now.
Nick Perry is a very talented USC Trojan turned Green Bay Packer. Let the Matthews-Perry campaign begin.
Consequences of living with - leaving the apartment without a coat if it's over 40 degrees.. And ending up FREEZING
I wish I could accrue followers as fast as !
I gusse I'm single for the night ... & u can sit on my middle finger for the night .
Happy Birthday Dave Gahan!! The sexiest ugly man alive!
The sound of rain is soothing
Looking forward to connecting. You've always been positive and professional to work with. Take care!
Big Pimpin 2012 this evening at Lunar!! Even if you want to stay in, there's no school tomorrow so don't miss out! See EVERYONE tonight!
Kevin (guitar) is gonna draw you something on
Happy Friday! Let us warm your soul tonight with our legendary,ailment curing,La Salita exclusive,Turkey Soup,or perhaps some Carne Adovada!
I would so come if I weren't headed to New York that night.
back it up, now let me see your hips swwwiiiinnngggg.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Don't let the heat cause you to make any rash decisions! Take it easy and enjoy your Labor Day weekend :)
Happy Friday everyone!
Just watched 's first show. Touching interview with amy winehouse's parents. Can't wait for tomorrow's show!
Pat Riley is such a G.
Most of these niggas is dick riders
Why Niggas Keep Askin Me If I Gotta Attitude? Is That Vibe I'm Givin Off?
Ya quiero ver Married To Jonas GOD! :') They are BACK BITCH :3
Join us tonight for our #NYEve celebration! #LiveMusic with Spivey, no cover and a complimentary toast!
Sad news today with the passing of Jim Stynes, a true AFL champion!! Had the pleasure of meeting him once, such a gentleman!
We're all about to spend a whole lot more accessing video in the cloud
too busy w/today's language lesson to play with it
i know. Super cute<3
right there with ya homegirl.
Chelsea and Paris St-Germain at Yankees Stadium in July
Rice cakes are bomb .
Jared Jeffries trying to make a layup is like watching someone slamming a revolving door
4 calls, 1 hour later, my flights to Asia are booked! Taipei bound 6/7, US bound from Singapore 7/30!
#90sproblems - Everyone in the house trying to eaves drop on your phone conversation
<U+200E>Aaron Goldberg is one of the most fluent pianists of his generation.
Money from strangers
and some of those nuts are covered in chocolate.
You would think that their cold but guess not lol
If you don't like what I say or how I say it, then so what.......that's life...
Back to Northview to watch I've seen a different & much more determined Mikey Jones since the season ended. Hard work will pay.
I view ear protection as mandatory here at #sxsw in Austin,TX volumes are way too high in most cases - ear plugs $ 5 - hearing = priceless
I wanna watch twilight!:)
Love hard or not at all!!
A man in the house is worth two in the street.
#BOYZAREBACK ! AH! OMG I CAN'T WAIT!
when will you be in LA? DM me trying to book you to host one of my venues
Thanks for your order today Lakesha B in MD!!!
Thanks for all your hard work!
Sharon van etten playing in starbucks... there's no in nyc so I know it's not on the radio!
": Our daughter Rose turns 12 today!" Happy Birthday to Rose! Hope your family can celebrate in hope!
I'm skeptical. I want to hear more about this. Because if it's true as is, I think it's overblown.
Yes! RT : The Octomom said the Tanning Mom "needs to take parenting classes." Then she fingered herself on camera for money.
hahaha awesome. Going to start using that :D
What are you trying to tell us? Do you have an un-fun surprise for your husband when he gets back home?
Chellie Campbell workshop tonight!
hahaa I thought so..
thanks for the mention.
Why Niggaz Alwayz Think They Lil Songs They Don Recorded In They Basements Sum Hits Nigga Go Catch A Plane To Mexico lol
don't make me cry.
« You just wanna give the business while I just want to cuddle» why not both
I tell myself to try talk to a girl. But I'm scared when it comes to girls. I'm gay.
I was going to visit you after work, but I guess your phone is dead. Anyways, I love you! Sweet dreams love. <3
Just finished what felt like the mother of all scenes.
I like to make the people around me better
I don't know wats funnier; sum1 asking the kid if they have chia pets or him being so young he doesn't know wat they r
I dislike when I tell ppl that I am indecisive about motherhood & they act like its the end of the world o_O
It's not my fault you don't understand hair
Still have time to make a valentines guitar strap or two. Sweeter than candy for sure!
Hehe o. :3 well go kick so butt in a few weeks and show em whos boss then lol. <3 do u have a utube channle?
go read what I put on your tumblr post that i reblogggeeeddd.yup
email me
I'm freezing..
Families are like fudge - mostly sweet with a few nuts.
hit my phone
I hate when flies look at me and rub their hands together; I feel like they’re conspiring against me!
She's ugly <U+E409>
Doesn't Peyton deserve more respect from the Colts than he's getting?
Bitches. Kush. & Green.
Clocks SPRING ahead tonight (2am will really be 3am). :)
reds reds reds reds reds reds reds
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small bundle. ~ Benjamin Franklin
I wrote zero words today. But I had several breakthroughs anyway ... daydreaming about characters away from the tools can help.
This is a huge #fail for the local GOP leadership...
Big Knock Kid!
RT“ All I Get Is Cheese Like Im Taking Pictures !”
I'm bringing him here Sterb. Write that down.
lol of course
~Tsss Niqqas jumped My Boy Shitt About To Get Real Friday ~
lmao. I think he was thinking more about me getting out of the way lol
You miss 100 percent of the shots u never take.
agreed. He is one of the best in the biz.
That's my favorite because 4 1 I don't look as ugly in their and also because well the picture just has meaning doesn't it seem
u better lmfao
There are coconut M&Ms? My life...its being summed up in words.
have you heard anything serious about Cards interest in P. Manning?
Money can't buy happiness.. but I'd much rather cry in a mansion.
Sometimes I wonder how it feels to get notices by that would make my life rememberable if he does notice me. Plz notice me :)
I miss you tushie!
it was delicious!!
Starting on some more logo concepts.
haha dont you judge me ms sara
What would you do if you knew you would die tomorrow?
Good for you, Laura!!!
LOL. Hopefully not that bad... but lineup is a let-down. RT : River's Edge is the Brick of summer festivals
so much more fun when you dislike someone and they dislike you back rather than them being oblivious to your hatred of them
uhh, kinda awkward here :|
glad you liked the workshop!!!
I love my sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
some guy named is invading our neck of the woods tonight. I'm declaring that St. Paddy's Day starts now.
Happy birthday ! To the most amazing wife a guy could ask for! Hope your day is great!
pretty good hockey game despite my hatred for both sides
F*** I never thought I'd say this but I'm jot ready to go to Hollywood lol especially not this Wednesday morning well here we go
here's hoping!
ready to see you to
2 Cincy players, 4 Illini players, even some loser from Midwestern State...not one player from Michigan, Michigan State, or OSU drafted 0_o
4.5 hours later and House Ed committee has yet to start.
I won't promise I promise
a very unknowing contractor just barely escpaed setting me off when interupting my smoke break.
That place is old new been there done that if you want the freshies you gotta cup the custom boys
yeah! Rock on!
Decision to defer launch of website for 7-10 days, pending addtl edits, footage and revamp of certain sections. Wait will be worth it! :)
Jan-Pro Sac is honored to provide cleaning services to WEAVE.
“: Nicole saw our tweets... #doomed”. Hahahashs I see al
Kale is wonderful. A little almonds, some flavored olive oil, almonds, cranberries. Yum times.
It'd be like dating myself.
I'm soo annoyed
Good morning!! What's everyone up to today? :)
6 hours, 17 inning, position players pitching and countless laughs & curse words.
wassssuppppp my home skillet biscuit?!:)
One day you will see it has finally all come together.You will look back at what has passed&as yourself "How did I get through all of that?"
Get a room.
yes, like damages but darker. equal quality in production, acting and story.
Please help feed the hungry in our area today through our NBC 15 Share
my name...was on...the case.
$229 round trip and $49 a night for hotel haha
This weather is SICK! Final rally--come celebrate in community with us.
I wasn't upset about that black cat crossing my path but mouthing "you're fucked" as he passed was just rude
Book your child a gingerbread workshop over winter break while you shop, cook, workout etc!!! Everyone wins!!!
Its my pleasure, Dave. Thank you for the great post! Wishing you a great week ahead!
I know.
That's crazy. I'm wearing cuttoffs and TOMS right now. I must be pretty hot.
I believe our assistive technology can help you. Would you be interested in learning more about it?
Insider network exec says Katie Couric leaving in June. What do you think?
To forgive and accept injustice is cowardice. ~Mohandas Gandhi
about time I know folks who have been on welfare for over 10 years and continue to have babies!
2. User experience (access), 3. A lot of material is still not available online
I absolutely love how Zayn always ends his tweets with 'x.' It's too adorable.
I'm doing well. Figured i would spend some time with my favorite folks tonight
Me, Gabbie, & Sean just squeezed onto the first bus!!! YESS!!!
I think Anthony Davis's unibrow might have superpowers...
CLEARLY someones wasted if they text me sayin "I'm wasteef"...get it together!
Damn Chris Bosh is out! Smh
I want to go home.
We appreciate your support for Dr. Klatt, Jessica.
If you ever need anything, I mean anything! please don't hesitate to ask someone else first....lol
“Apprenticeship Now!”, 5 minute Ignite-style talk. Alla Zollers,
be quiet cutie
I bet it'll be dope. Instagram that shit when you're done!
is at work! Active and ready to go! On the streets of Houston para El Show de Raul Brindis y Pepito!
it's actually the company you keep
Chris Brown - Sweet Love
S/O 2 for always speaking the truth. "Stop Grappin'"
oh yea its on Wed I thought it was thurs my bad boo well nvm I was going to say come to the palms for a show me n brandon r in
#FF Some of our fav Boston folks
Now that Sarkozy is out it can only mean France automatically got fixed, right? 'Cos he was the problem.
So as a sysadmin I have to ask why compute fibonacci numbers to begin with?
I was earlier!! I think you should sing an adele song!
do they have anything where u live....besides alcohol. Nah ? My bad
Love the muni, just got attacked by a woman on the 45. I need to get a parking spot
I'll be right over ;)
I need another job. Any suggestions?
ill let you know later, I'm kinda complicated with ppl in town. Let me see what's up. I owe you one. Lol
God helps those who help themselves.
Anyone. For. Tchani. Now!
Trying to study while watching #The Voice, its not working out. I really need to turn off this tv
RIP 's #Bent - a smartly written show with a great supporting cast and an absolutely tepid marketing campaign which exhibited neither.
I just got made fun of by for wearing my Vibrim's
Feel sneaky hiding fact I didn't wash my hair today & that's why it's in a bun w/ a cute headband.
Yeah, Sade singing SMOOTH OPERATOR... VERY GOOD MUSIC
Kyle O'Quinn
I do! (Andrew)... it's amazing.
welp, time to sit back and watch the show.
Believe you can wins the Kentucky Oaks!
Hey that suspension is bs and I'm a ravens fan..they should have a flag football league for the commish
“: Omg cannot believe I just found the Latin American Studies office an hour...." everything's coming up roses ;)
The night fairy by laura amy schlitz. I read an actual print book!
Come to our next event!
My mom has no idea I'm currently on my way to surprise her in San Diego. I guess she will when she sees this! And I have surprises!!!!!
Wow that Intel commercial was racist
Today in Literary History: On April 29, 1875 TRANSATLANTIC SKETCHES by Henry James was published.
i DMed you DM me back please
Whiskey. Comedy. Karaoke.
Hey peeps! If you're bombin' around ATX today, be sure to swing by and look for our new threads along with more cool stuff!
follow back sexy ?
is playing fictionary in the library
Sounds like a great idea to us!
You only live twice. Once when you are born and once when you look death in the face
thank you fag!
A New Beginning is now accepting donations. Inquire at the following address:
thanks for the homie and the shout out. I appreciate that for sure
I wish I was "Mr. Corbin, leader of the jazz army." Unfortunately, it's taken. Meanwhile, Columbus and Dick's Den!!
Follow us on the twitterverse! Can't wait to hear from you!
its gonna look great.
When #Focus reaches 500 followers, we'll choose 1 random follower to receive a full page ad in Issue 21 in Focus. RT to your followers!
Yes! Also this one: "Apply tomato sauce to palms. Run hands through hair in swirling motion. Laugh maniacally."
Oh Mia I just adore that competitive side of you!
Win "Dark Shadows" w/ Johnny Depp Midnight Movie passes next on Kiss 97.3
I heart #Scandal. Remember when t.v. was both well written and acted?
I don't make errors
Sometimes you gotta roll
As Republicans turn their back on the Enlightenment GOP is turning into the party of the uneducated: http//:dlvr.it/14RhVL
Pickup Line: I just shit my pants. Can I get into yours?
I just saw the polar express pass my house.(:
fine. if they haven't run out I'll get you one.
Wow! That was too close.
yeah there was no happiness after the fact
Yes! An mini audience could add some punch!
Getting ready for my #edugurusummit presentation!
Dear dad- what kind of food do you think they serve on a UFOs? What do aliens eat?
Hi - left VCM 10AM CST - call when you can... :)
Minn. AG cites Accretive for debt tactics - The Associated Press
Vidal Sassoon may they spread your dandruff & ashes in the sea
6 mOre hours and im back in l.a but my baby ariess keeps me laughing<33
thoughts on a sports digital firm that trains athletes on sm that will eventually build enterprise software on sm training as well
quite possibly true
I need a new bass guitar
can never count out pops but Memphis can upset them again. Them OKC boys got the west this yr. Friendly gentlemens wager?
Come on Ryan Dunn?!? This is not how you're supposed to go out
Someone posted on fb "This song always makes me cry" (The Xmas Shoes). Wanted to comment "Me too... for different reasons."
Who pays attention to Cher? She thought Mt Rushmore was a natural occurance.
He's been a Rocket for like 30 minutes & he's quickly becoming one of my favorite Rockets ever. RT : camby is a monster
How was the show? ;D
Thanx xoxo RT : good for you!!! RT Feels greats over 2 weeks w/out a smoke, I think. Stoppd keepin track.
Not anymore :'(
it looks like a nail biting experience <U+E404>
I can't dm my phone being weird so ill just tweet it!
Looking for people to tryout our workouts for free, DM if interested. Join the future of fitness.
And how bizarre that anyone does!
My techer says "yeah" after like every sentence lmao
#FF (my favorite follows)
Let's go Thunder!
Absolutely! Great content, glad to pass it along!
I just want to remind everyone that you're beautiful!:)
it couldn't happen til next year, he'll be away until October
I'll kick the crap outta Clayton.
The single most important factor in the success of a company is its people. It all starts with you as the entrepreneur and flows from...
I'm jelly beans about your pizza aroma! Excited for your wedding too!! Hope to see ya soon :-)
recovering from the bloodshed last night.I still hold the title.Im still the champ.
Free agent pitcher Jason Marquis agreed to a 1 year deal worth $3 million with the Minnesota Twins
These cupcakes are freakin delicious!!!!
Eagles always my team, but I'll enjoy watching the Broncos this year.
If Bob Harlan were still in charge, I might agree. But today's #Packers don't seem to be as image conscious as Harlan was.
Paul vs Bachman. I like it!
playing 20 questions just opens doors to interesting opportunities!
My man , I'm looking for that PT session. Holla.
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be. –Ken Venturi
Interesting ": I want to be Kanye West when I grow up."
RT : Things moving so fast at , I forget to stop and thank all the great people we have. So THANK YOU!
...#SWAG Bitch
I'd be wasted every day of my life
:') you made me cry
im reading dis book call up 2 no good dis hoe good aszx hell best of them all.,! Grown Folks Books Is What I Read :)
TheDevilInside premire was crazy yesterday! Saw it at 12:30am yesterday night(;
It was sunny today when I got here. At what point did Gmork and the Nothing show up?
oh there you are!! It's beautiful!!
After last night I feel like the #Cards have already won! But what the heck let's win it all!
BSF and this project going to own the summer.
no sleep O.o
no problem :)
Our reporter Clay Duda () is tweeting from a juvenile justice conference today. Follow him and/or the hashtag #JJconf for updates.
You're sending us an invite? Thank you so much! If you're downtown please come by our place anytime!
not my fault you live way up north there ey, in the frozen tundra. :)
Well it's past midnight on the east coast so...Happy Andy Day!!! Err...I mean Mother's Day!!
U know what is awesome, I just passed up a street called shenandoah. They even reppin that doah in d-town.....bbbwwwwaaaaahhh!
hope your week is rockin!
At school learning these trade and generic drugs in phamacy class
That ball that hit in the top of the 5th looked like it 1-hopped the #Warehouse at #CamdenYards. #Yankees up 3-2.
Shanon Harper for his performance in "Welcome to Pine Hill." (2 of 3)
Gas tank on ---- what's new. The fact that I'm running late and in traffic is really making me less stressed. Not
fuck i feel sick
I have this strange feeling that I am the only person on my team not interviewing at this moment. Its a little strange.
Enjoy! Thanks again for the business.
Thanks! Hope to do a "sneak preview" screening in late february. Please become a fan on facebook to hear about time and date.
getting ready for work
About to attend a brand new writer's group. Nervous and excited to meet everyone.
and full fridge
YAY! See you tomorrow!!
Sad that political divisiveness dissuades us from acting on issues such as "Climate change" that threaten our very way of life.
well, that is a great tie!
Watching the Happy Easter!
My bro needs to hurry up and get home.
Only thing that could save the Slam Dunk: Siamese Twin midgets trampoline dunking (two balls) over the cast of the Brady Bunch.
One more day until 2012. It is going to be a great year!
We will be teaming up with Bilotta Kitchens 3/29 to hold our Alternative Materials for Countertops seminar. DM for more details!
good for you :-)
M the lab samples we tasted yesterday were delicious! Just a little more tweaking!
Santa Monica in the spring, still too cold for my taste!
Kembe X, Alex Wiley, and face tat
At K + 14th NW. Four guys in suits are carrying large boxes of food and a table. Should I follow them?
looking for auction items for Oct. 3rd, handcrafted items call 414-562-6100
Hey #GIANTS fans like him or not he gave us everything. BRANDON JACOBS on twitter:
Honestly im goin crazy thinkin im questioning everything in my life
:) um allrighty then
you're welcome. Looking forward to reading more of your great tweets!
thank you sir! rocking good company.
“: #IfSheMeansALotToYou offer to buy her a huge farm, big trucks, and anything cute and fluffy.”
Wow is this day/week over yet <3
Need help branding your music? Join me tonight at 8:30 pm CST to learn branding tips that can help you get noticed!
And now I just realized, I could probably have gotten a pass for free through work. Oh well. It's only $65.
Is Facebook places the death of 4square? Thinking about it last night after watching Social Network seems inevitable that FB wins
First workout since Vegas and STL Mardi Gras. This is gonna hurt
Did you Know? The average woman smiles about 62 times a day! A man? Only 8. Kids laugh around 400 times a day. Adults...just 15!
Don't tell me about ur accomplishments, tell me ur vices raahaahaa (serpent laugh)...
"You're not perfect? Well... Congratulation! It's ridiculous to want to be perfect anyway. Just Enjoy and Have fun!"
Frank Malgesini, on semantic ambiguities in a study of ICC among Mexican uni. students: "independence" was not a positive trait
My head is tilted to the right because my left nostril is stuffy.
HA! Apparently, I was fighting good song writing THERE so that we wouldnt have to fight it here!
Wish I could join you using that cock...
Heading out to Calvary Worship Center in New Port Richey for a super night of Worship!
Panic is starting to set in.
Life goes on with or without you.
Prince just got a really touching curtain call. As a fan, that was the absolute hardest moment to not cheer in the press box.
It's offiicial -- the lovely joins me, co-anchoring 4pm News KOIN TV, starting in a week! Welcome Jenny!
I have no life, I friggen tweet all day
Welcome to The Think Tank!
One more week....one more week.
Refusing to have an opinion is a way of having one
Yeah, it's awful. I'm always astonished to find people that like it.
Quad dominant.
I'm messican...we were born to clean lol
Were Ready (:
Woohoo! : Just got the email re: 2012 Virtual Conf./Youth Summit. I'll be joining in from #Tanzania w/ my classroom!
Our April Skillshare is full, but you can DM us to get on the waiting list. Thanks for all the interest!!!
and that is exactly why they've prettyuch been useless in the past decade or longer. They are scared.
it has always seemed kind of esoteric, true. Was using git earlier and found myself in nano--realised I had no idea what was up!
when the M's had good products on the field. #Sounders draw a lot of crowd because the owners put good products
“HIMYM 4 LIFE : How I Met Your Mother is my new obsession <U+E106> #jasonsegel”
I just wanna fall back asleep, this is too fucking early for me.
9xs/10 women are judged based on her sex appeal and beauty NOT her credentials or her education!
Is That For Breaking Dawn Part 2 ??? :O
For most women the libido peaks just before menstruation.
Quick run to get this #sundayfunday started!
woo hoo! Microcell is up and working. Yes, I can hear you now!
I love Saturday mornings
i think we might try to hit it up tonight. haha. their marketing ploy worked.
love ur tweets
Beautiful Liar by Beyonce and Shakira my Favorite....
My work is supposed to come out cooler since I'm working from Starbucks, right?
It is not! For your info only
I'm blessed with a sinus infection, dr tells me today. There's no way to make horse-pill antibiotics & saline propellant awesome, is there?
Listen live or call in with your questions: 1-800-499-9246.
Thanks for the FF nod!
Activists in New Orleans have our support. There as in NYC, horses are tools of cash commerce.
Gawd make it START. About to watch Jeopardy on DVR. Score some runs Mariners, ffs - it's fat bartolo colon.
sorry I was hacked!! :(
Think I'll go treat myself to a movie at the Budget...do people still go there??
#ff for donating to fundraiser for
Our dog got one of those 'stache chew toys for Xmas, and promptly chewed the handlebars off. He looked like doggy Hitler. :O
u can say dat
Go #Badgers big ten champs. Rose bowl v Oregon should be good. Monte ball 1 rushing TD away from most in season all time.
Naw I don't like her very much. I know shes good but I don't like her design. Too fugly :(.
when was the last time u did that
MT If you missed the hilarious Twitter adventures of , it's archived here: quaxelrod.com/archive.html
I want a huge hotdog
Girls lacrosse: and combine for 10 goals to help Wilsonville take down Sherwood 15-10.
Kniyon getting on my damn nerves her big ass need to sit the fuck down
“: any chance you can STOP playing "Friends in Low Places" the K is pathetic enough on it's own. #ourtime”. Please
Finally saw the new Land Rover. It seems super impractical. I wanted one immediately.
please ck us out in Memphis simply grand music great soul/country/ Thanks
Ive been trying to find out what is there in life better than wine? Nicholas-
dinner @ Venue in #Denver on Friday. Must have been a tough night for them. Tough flank steak, tough duck....
If you discuss music or sports, I'm in.
I heard it was closing for two weeks because of possible flooding.
what? You doubled your followers since last I looked? At that rate you'll pass me in a month. ;-)
Grammys parties tons of fun...til next year !!! ... good times!
It's midnight.
Bitter pill.
I need to check your house for termites soon. Email me to set appt. if you are in Madison, G'ville, or H'ville - or somewhere near there.
TYVM - have a great weekend all! RT :
and explore the history of gay and lesbian activism in The Shadow Behind the Rainbow
My fucking phone is killing me. I am about to suck it up and buy me a new one or get me an IPhone.
I just realized I'll be hard-pressed to do any game reporting since my jaw is still shut and May sweeps is just around the corner. Drat!
yes but many can never pay off their debt it becomes the gov's debt- the fact still stands colleges know the gov will provide
At Historic Houseparts on South Ave. Found it in the warehouse out back
About to watch the son of throw it down. Let's see if he can live up to his dad's reputation.
I seriously can not wait for the summer. I get to spend it with my favorite people :)
So i can drive thru at the pharmacy for my scripts, but not for behind the counter cold meds. Explain-please....?
The #1 thing I expected when MH came here was an Offense. I've been very disappointed. Am I getting one this year?
that's our leading brand too. And that's about $20.
how immature!
CASCA SHOW TODAY. DENVER.
#Happyhour at #sonic is okay but I'd rather do #happyhour at the bar
crazy night over here O_o wowzers!!!!
: I'm dying to know what a "Big Chicken Meeting" actually entails? And why does it need to last 5 hours?
Gov Beshear (KY) calls for cross-state and cross-sector collaboration around #commoncore standards and assessments
yes we are
A hip hop fighter yo rap fighter
aghhhh if we both go there we BETTER be hanging out!!!!
All the teams I want to see win the #worldcup keep ending up in draw matches. DRAWING IS FOR ART CLASS!
absolutely not. But I can't tune in today, so feel free to give me an update on who this crazy person is
Oh look. People cheer when overbearing Govt intrusions are overturned.
Sometimes I feel like I'm waiting for something that will never happen. ._.
I really dont remember what my life was like before ABDC season 6..
I wish would come back to CC..tired of the lame jokes/YouTube videos insults us with..oh, DT my score is tight..
Happy Oscar's Day! #AcademyAwards Good luck to all the nominees
Busy weeks! Wedding, Fulbright, Letchworth, Coco Rosie. Now GRE, letterpress workshop, and finally starting my job. Plus, a flat tire!
miss you more
Is crazy good? haha Thanks Rob!
Show tonight in Anaheim. COME!
Thanks, Varun, good luck!
nom nom nom!! Lol but for real! We really do need to get together soon!:)
Thanks for the love ! Goodies are comin soon soon, stay tuned!
Funny how things work out that way.
And there was I thinking you meant strong shoulders!
Off day. :) a little cleaning and some shopping and then snuggie and kindle time. :)
Follow me please:d FOLLOWED
I hate Nicolas Cage
A beautiful start to the 1st weekend of summer for many students graduating to their next grade. Congratulations for the hard work!
hey! We like you too :)
Discipline Not Desire Determines Destiny -- Dr. Charles Stanley. Motivation for all you hard-working Sistas trying to make things happen!
fyi: planning to add modified data management plan and budget to the assignment next year
Nothin like jamming out to some Sublime in the complete dark reading HIGHdeas
It's 1130 on a Friday night. I'm wasted and watching the Live with Kelly dream wedding special on dvr. Might be crying.
I saw it last night. Great movie. I won't spoil the rest for you.
The perfect alternative to a checking accountBanKing a better way to Bank >>>> # #
I have the worst memory ever..
Magic Johnson is going to own the Dodgers. I can't even wrap my head around the awesomeness of this.
I've heard that too.. but what's slower.. slow sprint or throttled AT&T?
She is ugly tho!!!.
Out picking up my step-mom Bday cake with my lil bro
it's a great thing! Lol.
When I come home and my mom is in a bad mood. <U+E416>
love it!
Yep;) Hmm ok refresh my memory, where and when?
Oh yes. And he was Italian.
I'm glad to hear that. We'll have to play when I come home for winter break
life's been a roller coaster but I think I'm finally making it out alright
not cute basic hoes… not cute at all
Now watching Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders
Guys help!Should I buy a red or black phone case?
Boarded up windows after May Day protests. New this am - how SPD is hunting vandals, & what group says "fear mongering" led to damage.
Lying in bed in the middle of the night trying to decide if its worth it to get up and pee or if you can hold it in until the morning.
What is your favorite Milwaukee restaurant? Share with us!
congrats on making it another year! Happy birthday.
don't recall 5000 supporters of the repair bill being here tonight.
Teddy was amazed by the Bumblebee Transformation today ! He cried because he wanted to see it again. So success?
R Foundation Against Child Exploitation & Human Trafficking we offer rescue,resources & safe housing 2 human trafficking victims
They will tell themselves they got cheated and all will be right again. They've done it for years.
Really hoping for a story that involves being outside today
Eating some delicious Pho right now
New Business Course! "Making Change Successful, not Stressful"
Great meeting this AM!
True, but I think you're retroactively applying present-day frustration with AB to '11, when AWOL Pau was biggest issue by far.
RT : Nice to see using to reach 140,000+ C-level executives! Reported on ://t.co/jjXzkpsW
He wrote reports on math, English, History. His claim to fame was the research that kids who spelled better did better in school
When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading. ~ Henny Youngman
Thanks! But it was our awesome district techs who came up with the instructions. They are super smart. :)
My students and I really enjoyed the Standing Up Shorts today at college day!
Getting to Frankfurt feels like obtaining political asylum. Good riddance Israel.
Yup. waking up to half a dead mouse.
or idiotic.
Did kellen Moore for reals not get drafted????
haha now alls I need is a picture of you :)
some one called me yesterday & idk who it was -___-
Hey BROther. You listen to terrible music.
Love love LOVE making true connections, matching live voice w/tweets RT : I miss you & our #GirlsMediaChat convos
when are you free ?
checkout going merciless on #NoMercy killed it!
In lighter news, just interviewed the lovely for her new book, The Darlings. Highly recommended look at the lives of the 1%
I still love you even though you put your peanut butter in the fridge. Freak.
forget & forgive. love & laugh. smile & live. for life is short and we r never promised tomorrow. :)
Hoodie! When are you coming back to the Chi?! i can't believe i missed your show!
I still need to get Beach House tickets for Sunday. I guess I'm going?
call Virginia! She's back in town :) on her cell
#imagine You: ALLY WILL YOU MARRY ME? Justin: what?! You: what did I say? Justin: Ally will u marry me... You: YES OF COURSE! JB: wait what!
99% of dick riders n groupies actually believe or wont admit they are.. I salute the 1%
www.soundcloud.com/evandstel Next white duo in the game! Check it out , Support good music!
Indeed. Avengers was awesome! RT RT : Joss Whedon should be in charge of making ALL OF THE MOVIES.
Yes it does. Single life does have its perks but it would be nice to have a girlfriend.
Glad you could make it. Share your thoughts with #UChicago. “: President Zimmer talk tonight
If not someone else takes that chance of opportunity and makes more out of it then you did !!
mirrors dont count? why not
I love the Cannoli man! RT Who out there has photos of Frank “Pepperoni Cannoli Guy” Pecoraro!?! DM please!
Took that last year, it's no fun lol RT : Ap bio exam tomorrow... ha thats a joke
hello! my mom is an artist and I'm sending her your info ;) blessings
I think Matt Hunter is the cutest thing ever. LOL J.S
FWD: Yay! Today is PETA's 30th anniversary! :) Celebrate by being extra kind to animals today. Spread the word! <3 peta2
that is an AWESOME pic!!!
“: Let's try this one more time with correct spelling, I've composing in quarantine for 18'hrs” just like David Blaine
#WhyDoiAlways go after girls that don't want me?
Kieboom with a nice shot to mid-left field, scores 2. #Clemson still on top of #1 #FSU, 8-1 B4.
WELL A BIG FUCK TO YOU TOO THEN!
I love my boyfriend. :) im so lucky to have him in my life.
Gonna need pics!
hot damn! Can't wait.
nice! Hope you enjoy the app!!!
All of us at CRUX felt much the same way.
Who do I know in Minnesota???
In every real man a child is hidden that wants to play.- Nietzsche.
Politicians ~ each hum ~ their favorite note ~ hoping it sounds different ~ this time.
remember when you used to com the su on a lil hang hi slay pro....yep i pulled that outta no where
“: i wonder what the person i'm gonna marry is doing”
hell i wouldn either its cold as hell up there lol
Did my first coffee run as an intern!
#Columbus Symphony #PicnicwiththePops this Fri & Sat features a new jazz composition by principal trumpeter Tom Battenberg! You'll love it!
You a stupid mutha fucka for lettin this thing pass you by.
Interrogation! Using puns and contextual clues, Rachel and Kristina will need to guess a crime they didn't even know they committed.
poker night is my favorite!
I think that's the best #Infuse we've ever had at !! Gotta love the #80s <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Rahhhh!! 5 hours till my Long as journey!!!
While we look to the dramatist to give romance to realism, we ask of the actor to give realism to romance.
I don't plan to have these type of issues outta Agnes-Estelle
The #Phillies are playing an invisible team today. Looks weird. Can't see the
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> I need to ask Margaret if she can do my makeup for graduation!
she told Olivia what she needed to hear tho. I kind of liked it.
think fast u might hear ur self but only if ur stupid or drunk lmao
that's nice
I love a quesadilla! So many different things you can put inside!!
omg watching the end of wowp is actually making me cry i watched it since it first started why is it ending ? :,(
Going to play Memphis today, and should come watch
In the meantime, I'm horny and lonely. This really sucks. :(
This train isn't even movingg!
We have excellent delivery service 99% of the time. But it's a tricky operation and there are hiccups. What happened w yours?
Last chance for Gold Sponsorships for Banner Day ... call 888-2121 for details or www.worldchampionfans.com
I'm happy with how my life is going.
whatzz up i having a kca's vote ur favorite singer and vote like the wind!!!
I survived the symposium at Robert Morris today. Jessie from Black Dog & Chef Derek from Atwood made it easy! Thanks you guys!
Friday night funn!!!!! Start your night right with tha company of one of our beautiful ladies..
what's the details of your may 9th show? I've waited 6 years to see you!
Every job is a self-portrait of the person who does it. Autograph your work with excellence.
The rain makes me melt.
dinner at 10pm - sure!
Back at you my dear friend!!! Hugs
Time for a nice run in this weather<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
I have a wedding to attend!
Cool story bro .
You bet!
Forget love... I'd rather fall in chocolate.
anything for you! Least thing I can do for you, after all these yrs you have help me out! So thank you
its dumb the reason is even more stupid. doesnt even make sense
Steelers, drafting controversey since, well forever!
thanks John !
Thanks! RT : BB5 Users: We are aware of an issue that isn't allowing you to post your updates to social network. We're on it!
"we can make magic happen" ....I'd like to see that sometime haha
Real tired of conference re-alignment. The grass isn't always greener for basketball-only schools.
Big thanks to for having us out at the Grand Opening of store 500. Thanks also for the $2000 donation! Follow
wish you were too!
"No need to play the race card. Let's play the historical accuracy card." -- said on MSNBC with Sharpton
OK, but I must ask that you leave your "Bozo nose" ringer on high ALL DAY & sneeze like you're trying to put out a forest fire.
Were you hanging out with Irvine Welsh??!!
No sleep (:
Bout to hit 2012 in the face... Aint gonna know what hit em
This is going to require that I get a smartphone, right? Please say yes. I can use it as leverage with my accountant.
its ohkay =p Hmm I would have to say I would love to be princess aurora (Sleeping Beauty)
lol ice cream for breakfast? ur such a badass >;-))))
We going to the game tomorrow? 3 seats in section 428 row O available for $125.
Freedom at last. No school for me until Monday. Then the cycle starts all over again -____-
thanks, I'm sure I'll hate it by March.
the problem with this country is a man like Mitt has the money from work to buy a car elevator.and thats bad thing..no wonder we are in debt
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
actually your right Shannon, never mind stay at home carahhhh lol
Had to get a refund at Hershey Park because I didn't fit in any of the rides. A chocolate company thinks I am too big, That ain't right.
Individual investors can succeed trading stocks. The heady foolishness of Wall St. pros like Mr. Rattner makes it easy.
yes it does it sucks hairy balls xD
Oh dish-rack, how I despise you so…
damn mofos try way too hard to be supposedly different now a days and end up looking ratchet as f***
"We have many vegetarian options, such as the Asparagus & Artichoke Heart Penne. Try this light and seasonal dish today! #delicious #food"
Bouta release some brand new tracks, and Ima push it hard. be on the look out, #YoungSoulz and #JSantiago is about to take over,
You EARN everything you achieve. Keep working!
Sweet baby Jesus, I'm locked inside the bar!! The happy hour chicken wings kicked in last night and I passed out sitting on the can!
Want. RT : Thanksgiving’s second favorite pie—Pecan! Moist pecan cake gets a shot of caramel and a caramel French buttercream.
Really wanted to attend the LBSC thingamajig tonight, but had to interview a teacher. At least I did something productive.
Wentworth: "I'm convinced that in the future we will pass [campus carry] in Texas."
RT : Humanity is cool, airport employee still pauses in his work every time a plane lands.
just wondering if your balls smelled like vagina cause you know shit about football loser!
haha no problem if u ever want another just ask:)
Woke up at 3:30am, arrived @ Miami NortwesternSeniorHighSchool, Had a hugerole in an 800person+ ServiceProject, got home @ 5pm, took a nap,
It is better to have a fair intellect that is well used than a powerful one that is idle.
is in the house. Watch out grocery stores, you'll be providing a better customer experience before you know it.
How do I help kids who have so much be thankful for what they have? Can any of us really appreciate all we have? Giving thanks today/always
Looking forward to being nickel and dimed to death. Hope to see you all at the flea market tommorow AKA The mile high marketplace.
Not gonna lie. If I suddenly come into a small fortune, I'd have a cottage in Mendocino and only visit SA for the friends.
not diggin the last part sir
Hope everyone has a good night!
That's how good yo' ass is.
its my bday!!!!!!! i cant believe im actually 13 took me long enough!!!!
Publish, publish, publish - and pass my area exam and defend my prospectus
Kevin Durant is still the MVP.
Tune most likely to get me on dance floor? "Once you get Started" Chaka Khan & Rufus
holla. will probably be in work duds.
Amstel Light now on tap at The Coney... Hello, old friend!
omg! I was at the grocery store last night and saw the exact brand of hot chocolate!
I'm plowing ahead with the books because I'm a book guy first and forever. But I didn't read GoT until after I watched S1.
I did not know that "downtime" is one word. As in, "I could really use some downtime with just me and some absinthe today."
Answer you phone ass holes!
Steve Roach can use cactus rain sticks, too, but I'll bet 's take will be a bit less 'tribal".
Can We Pretend That Airplanes In The Night Sky Are Like Shooting Stars? I Could Really Use A Wish Right Now...
Spent a big part of the day making marketing videos with my new Flip video camera. Now I get to edit. Yay! :)
Just finished day 3 in the studio recording our next album (ahead of schedule)! Boy, are you gonna dig what we are cooking up...
#HBCUFollowTrain if you plan on buying rent with your refund hahaha
some shocks.. But I like the OX. Shocked bout no crouch n carrol n terry n not rio.
": on stage singing about weed and willie nelson....why not" Bus songs. Excellent!
Just gonna be myself, make a good impression, meet some good people, find an open job that fits me, and go where the Lord leads me
Can't wait...US Women World Cup, ABQ Journal says 12:45pm today!
Barbara Berrie (NGA chemist): developments in chemistry & art have always been intertwined.
... "Do not skip meals. Not eating enough can actually slow down your results." ... Your Weight-Loss Coach
Thank God for waking me and my love ones up this morning!!!
What would you do if you win #megamillions? It's sure nice to dream. Sadly, odds are greater I'll get eaten by a giant python.
... good day sunshine !!! good day sunshine !!!
I am about to order these "Ching's Hotwings" in a minute! The season kind are so good, man.
hey will u do me a favor and follow for me, were trying to get each other as many followers as we can :)
Fun fact, AJ Ellis lives in Franklin.
RT Tonight @ 6 on AM600 w/Chris Reed on how council cleared the way 4 no reform & where this tax could go - anywhere.
What's the best thing you ever got half-priced? If you're traveling this winter your answer will be OUR HOTEL! www.hotelhalfoff.com
... and if ya activate ya faith in God, ya faith'll start movin things!" --My Dad .lol I'll never get this outta my head now...
sun is setting- at a cafe on the bay-sunset-SIA's "BREATHE" plays- have a warm coffee- writing's on tap, all I have 2 do is just let it flow
how long does the poster take to come usually? I got my shirt/bracelet more than a month ago and still no poster...
Tax day is almost over, but you can still get 10% OFF everything in our webstore if you put "tax" in the coupon code! Today only!
Austin and i are cursed. 2 trips. 2 long flight delays.
I will not kiss u cuse the hardest part of this is leaving u
oh okay lol
Gotta love watching a football game on tv being played in the snow while sitting on the couch with a cup of hot chocolate by the fire.
It's raining in Madison, be prepared for indoor practice if weather doesn't clear up.
Dad: "u act like justin is ur God!" Me:"Omg but he is!!" Dad: "Ur obsessed" -_____- lol
thank u .. happy mothers day to u too
thanx for the link - 1.usa.gov/vir0OH I'm working on some interactive tools in this area... need to get back in the usability lab!
i hate the :"-") nose in the smileys.
that sounds good!
I go back in to change the email and I can not 'cause no pass word so I can not get an email to reset password, now what?
& its happening again...
That's a problem.
Jazz, Deconstructed begins NEXT WEDNESDAY!! Come to the Kosmos and check out UFO Ensemble! 7pm. Tractor Brewery on tap!
Ran 11.5 miles this morning with the regular group & a few new faces. Everyone seemed so happy today.
admit guys. theres been one disney star girl u wanna fuck
I'm not feeling being at home right now, but nobody else is on vacation yet -.-
I ain't saying she a gold digger but she ain't messing with a broke nigg... Wait .... damn it Kim.
holy shit your right. Oh man.
What three adjectives would you use to describe your organization's culture?
Hey thanks for mentioning my blog post! Much appreciated.
How about you provide a comment instead of attacking us for trying to enable a discussion.
Hey #pdxmusic/#indiescene! We could all learn a thing or two from these highschoolers.
At the dinner table: jokes about underage titrating and promiscuous oscillation.
Looking forward to reading it when it hits the shelves.
#wingsover #afterburner sauce hits the spot
a word's just a word, until you mean what you say. :)
Parents needing services for your child in public school, remember one very important thing: They Are The Gate Keepers Of The Money.
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY!!!
send him both and let him decide which one to play. Smh Mr Complicated
-LORD help me..
Yeeeeaaahhhh I just take the license plate off my mama car and put some blankets in the window
I think I had an ephiphany or two! Thanks to all MCNers. Safe journeys home.
3rd quarter of Game 3 of playoffs brutal for Magic. Pacers up 76-55, start of the 4th quarter
Still have tickets to give away 4 the Tailgate Bash this Sun at the Balloon Museum! Send an email w name and email to .
27 min left in half 1 and forest park ties it up with OP 1-1 #girlssoccer #allmet goal by Vanessa Kovar
Thank u. Love ya and miss u
please tell me that's your art in your AVI
I hope you are right about corporate humanism. I'm skeptical!
I spent 10 minutes lifting weights. 33 calories burned.
that's wonderful me too. You going home.
broke out the stash of northern lights x purple kush.
Live life so completely that when death comes to you like a thief in the night, there will be nothing left for him to steal.
Indeed. These are truly healing, aren't they...
So much on my mind
Tip #1 Targeted Stretching: Stretch only what's too tight and you'll see better results. -- Find out more from the Active experts in...
#GameChange. Great acting from all.
going on gut instincts, where I'm hardly ever wrong....Dad has something to do w/ it.
this is what's up! Kandi is doing it! I love successful women...
Oh , you're so lucky to have me
i checked it out shit go hard!!!
Even the wisest counsel is useless when it is unheeded
Hey! Finally getting around to watching Hotel Corpus Christi. Um...can't wait to see what you do with this one. Wow. :)
RT : #crew Good God, people are jumping from the ship into the sea. They will all perish in the ice cold water…
Ball So Hard Make A Niggha Wanna Find Me!(:
#GreysonMMag Are you a good drawer?
yeah, since we don't have big venues unless they have 2 dates. most likely Cali will get gold
six months of flow is no longer attached to my head
is a Social Media Brand Management company that makes managing & growth of your social media presence Affordable & Viral
is there any chance you will come to Memphis or Tunica area anytime soon ?
Thank you.
Bieber in Proactiv commercials: he surprises teenage girls with bags of Proactiv?!! That's just too good.
I blame Kony
RT : "...requiring kids to turn in every assignment is a more responsible practice than giving zeros when they don't.."
none of them could be president they have Oedipus complexes like
When Chunk took home Sloth at the end of Goonies that probably didn't work out as well he hoped.
Might use symptoms checklist, ask about past/present problems w/ rating scales, or medical exam to rule out other causes.
I swear i go runnin at the smell of food before my dog does
Haha good luck! I played my whole life and still hit the ball over the wall...
Las Vegas
ActorStuff: Don't be generous to impress. Just be generous.
Definitely, I'm well. We need to connect next time you're in nyc or when I'm on your coast.
what's your # for todays's Marriage America conference?
I can't wait to see it!! Sounds amazing! :D
& you should most definitely be rooting for #cuse. i think they only wear orange on the road, though.
Genability can provide inexpensive and secure technology for getting pricing data to your customers.
Best tweet ever. I would happily start a movement to work from there. The Creamery has nothing on our counters + Awful Awfuls.
The ratio of a circle to its diameter happens at 3.13-3.15. Pi. A rainbow curves in this pattern with violet manifesting the pot of gold.
Working with a client tomorrow on strategic plan. How's your plan coming this year? Are you tracking your results? Modifying? Abandoning?
#Carmel and Homestead in the regional final!
Dam we just blue a 18 point led
Thinking I should order tickets for the film festival this weekend, but haven't had time to read the listing yet
I'm not really a fan of gambling lol. Have any ideas though?
Her mouth said "I love you", but her eyes said "I wish you'd founded Instagram."
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: $12 PIZZA!!! 14in any toppings! Just $15 for delivery, see you there!
Let us come into his presence with thanksgiving; let us make a joyful noise to him with songs of praise! -Psalm 95:2
Vinyl is the new black. Due to #tech physical music instruments are becoming a novelty
SF is going to be awful next week. D-bags in jeans & sport coats will descend on downtown.
that hurt I aint gonna front for twitter. But We still beat yall tho, and we didnt get swept last season ^_^
Work in a couple hours! No. ha.
That moment When your Crush accepts the fact that he likes you<U+2665> .
Did you feel the tremors from last night's earthquake?
omg ma dad would go nutz
I should probably go to bed sometime
you can't even talk yet what do you know about that? Lol
Any man who can see through women is sure missing a lot.
Recently had the pleasure of meeting Katrina Gulliver. I am happy to meet you virtually!
"Paradise" by is the most devilishly infectious, terribly magnetic, and horribly catchy song.
hey do you guys have any plans to add in keyboard shortcuts for boomerang for gmail? that would be awesome, i would love it!
Creative minds don't forget to check out zazzle.com, a place to customize your designs and work, for others to buy, they ship and pay %.
People that get upset when you unfollow them and they wasn't even following you back <
I'm not! You just don't get it!!!
Heading out to 's meet & greet!
Gonna be at Basic right?
refugee mothers who's toddlers about to undergo heart surgeries.. not being able to speak n properly communicate cld drive ppl off the wall
Good night twitterettes and twitterudes ... Its midnight and past my bedtime ;) haha
Cue AC/DC! rofl
A good point, well made.
Jennifer is pussy AF !she wudda got ha ass beat for suing sum1 for slapping her!she irks me hard ha pussy ass need to get punched in the gut
You said I love you I said it to the only thing is I didn't lie to u
zombie apocalypse tip 126: if in a house alone, make sure you are quiet and keep lights off at all times. DON"T DRAW ATTENTION TO YOURSELF!
So has someone got a download for SWATH MTV yet, in one video?
try again!!!!
that's totally mind-blowing, man.
pretty much taking a 4hr nap here. Worth it.
I dislike you all
message me on facebook!
Tired, so so tired! And it's time to get up
Thanks for the plug today! :)
Wow San Antonio!
: is definitely chugging along! Agreed, we shall chat... very, very soon. <(^_^<)
RT Remember: a break up is an opportunity to trade up!
Love that idea. Can't wait to experience w/ 2 of my fav #MKEfoodies! RT let's go there when it opens!
I deduce you like the Hobbit. They're also making the Runelords movie, if you've read it. Vote on the actors
i love when the TT are for a good causes #stopkony im overwhelmed & it proves that their is ppl who still care.
so what's everyone done/doing tonight or whatever
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Emily Wilson for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 14U Team
Pedi with the family:-)
RT": Feel ugly? Go chill in walmart for 2 hours. You'll feel A LOT better"
Amazing every time.
RT : wow Jo lee was off the hook and j Lo looking good tonight
Loofah Cookie is so lucious and also smells like you could just be tempted to take a tiny bite out of it. But don't you'll be talkin bubbles
Bitch I just called u “ New hair color coming soon!”
Won tickets to the beastie boys screening at the troc tomorrow. Can't go now. What a bummer.
I'm telling you #Jesus still protects&provides. Give Him a try
good luck mane hope the grizzlies handle their business tonight!
#NowPlaying Massive Attack. Teardrop.
RIP Adam "MCA" Yauch. Wow. So sad.
The man whom I thought was the love of my life drained my bank account and left me wIth nothing. Be careful ladies!
Sometimes i dont care but at the same time i do:/
like what? And don't let it get the best of you
You got a mountain of debt in front of you as of now?
You just said there was two people on your twitter?
Why are so many people STUPID??? I mean is it a Fad or something???
Crying over
While most you dudes looking for a** im looking for assets...
Wow. John Ensign's a big ole cheater. So much for family values.
lolz...fuck our lives right now
Truer words have never been stated.
& Thinking about getting a kid-sized Captain America costume and trying to squeeze into for Halloween this year.
Shouldn't you still be celebrating #lfc glory?
Aug Co & Stn Dems on 2012 GA: deep partisanship. Right wing extremists control Va GOP. Dems to fight GOP
Never get someone's name tattooed on you.
Poppe Easter in one word.
aw thanks for following, I followed back :)
I knew Shane Mosley wouldn't get knocked out
hey, thanks for the follow bro (:
My grants department is having success! We've been awarded 3 new federal grants, with a total beginning FY11 of over $5.85 mil.
god bless the boyz mothers for creating such amazing children.
oh our local Chinese restaurant won't speak to me in english anymore
I want to get the fuck out of here -.-
Yes I am weezy but I ain't asthmatic
Filing one more tax return is going to make me lose it.
I'll be sure to check them out!
so tired of doing plato 10days left in high school
Can't decide, hot yoga or running along the sea wall.
Well I think yesterday's seminar didn't go to badly. Not exactly what I thought it'd be but it was tame. Phew.
Sure, Lloyd whatever you think will help your chances.
epic :D
I'm flooding my own timeline :x
Followed you Hun (: and nope I don't ;(
RT : R.i.p. MCA Adam Yauch. 1 of my favorite rap groups ever.
Just right, and cool!
..read up on u nd I can't believe they dropped u Ur a good artist. And I hope ur still doing music. U have a great voice girl!
have you tried swapping your pillow for an SQL book? learn by osmosis.
shut up lol u welcome tho :-)
follow me
Swabes, would you rather drinking nothing but Coors for a month than talk #Tebow for a day?RT : :
I've heard June!
#smart...#Pacquiao giveaway/Facebook fan like, streaming training, twitter giveaway = fun, direct preamble to the fight
not going to school today.sorry=(
...on my way to eat over my momma house!
chill he's a bro
ready for next tuesday back college
I can't believe Peavy caught that ball. Wow!
time to buy a bigger umbrella...
"Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure." - George Edward Woodberry
Last month of school
MONDAY COFFEE BREAK: Take a brisk walk today! Energize! Rejuvenate! Forget it's Monday. Physical exercise is any bodily activity that...
its U smile :)
Even staring at the wall becomes interesting while trying to study
I really hate calling girls out they name but after all this time I think I need to let yu know. YU. ARE. A. BITCH
Robert Spitzer's recent retraction of his 2001 study suggesting so-called ex-gay therapy can be effective may be a gateway to tearing dow
Ha!! Universal remote for an air conditioner?! WTF?! Get up, turn it on, sit back down!!
It's all sunshine for Elayne Coba this weekend. Congrats on your booking lovely! Thank you Rodeo Casting.
Gearing up for RWA next week? Check out the fast company article on one of my favorite people Angela James
A nice conversation with some Portuguese <U+263A>
follow back please :)
It takes place around DC, so it's fun to wander around and find places I know.
i am finally out of the ridiculous box i was stuck in
Hey guys, I left my Google Places grey jacket at your space last week - it had a white pair of ear buds in the pocket- see it?
I Love My lawlorff Family <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D>
The grinch would be on during the time I planed to study for my math final...
Getting your license revoked? (I kid, I have no idea what that street is like...)
Thank you, well-wishers. Knee is mending great. Should be back to fluffing soon. er... I mean, working. Anyone seen Parker London around?
thats sucks dude!
Anyone located in #Overland, KS? We need your help and will be happy to compensate you with cookies! =)
I'm just saying I was nodding off during the final act of METROPOLIS. Nothing against the film. I was just sleepy.
As social creatures an immersive/virtual internet experience would be more engaging. But might take a while to get there
tell your little life-suck i said thanks for allotting you the energy to tweet to me. also, add in a belly rub. just 'cause.
Should I do The Motto or Hate Sleeping Alone.?
It's Wednesday. If you're not onto your 3rd pound of chanterelles for the week, what the hell have you been eating (and why)?
Hitting the #gym bright and early need to get that #beachbod back! Night tweeetlings <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099>
"If you are not a brand, you are a commodity."
What's up man, its Dre from Phoenix, holla @ me... I gotta a track for you. Orphanz™
Heroes <3 I love that song.HUSTLERS LOVE ATL
V.I.P. ENT = Very Improved People Entertainment
why? I have no job there.
yeah, that is dumb. But I have 0 issue with protesting the rapidly rising costs of higher ed (incl debt)
About everything I do I always think to myself "I'm probably the only person in the world that does this."
Hot tennis chicks say by to me all the time... sorry
Thank you for the networking tips, very helpful! If u were to pick 1 conf as a student next semester, what would it b? WCOS?
Getting ready for the party. c:
Did you get the jumps from yesterday?
happy that is closing....come on , don't let me down by making me commute in horrid weather.
are you going to postmortem tonight?
tons of reasons for women to wear weaves/braids...to protect/grow out their own hair, women who work out a lot, etc
Yeah. Baby shower. Was gonna invite u for menudo on Sunday. Next time!
i still cant work this , :/
I heard that the brand new will be open tonight. True?
We have a great body butter for just that purpose! Bath and Body Bistro 110 Morningside NE. Come try it!
"The reasons why ineffective practices prevail in human resources management are because of several reasons." - Best.Answer.Ever.
OMG, there's a scene in the latest episode that's #priceless!
This performance
Got something special coming up for you guys.
Come in and know me better man!
Shout to Christian Polley for knowing everything
No sitters available at 6am tomorrow? Fine, the kiddo can be my TA on last day.
debating on getting a tumblr
It looks like users have disputed the photos you have posted.In case there is confusion photos posted are required to be real-time
Thanks I love these kinds of tools. It's the math geek in me. --> creately.com
Ellie Goulding, your voice is amazing.
Smart move having more than one person there to live tweet and answer Qs. Learned from experience?
My 3 yr old niece always makes me smile. Today she wanted to come to my house because my dog misses her. Lucy does miss her. They must text.
happy birthday. Many more
unfollowing everyone following all my followers back. be patient thx
congratulations Dr Lockridge!
LOL. How's it been? Working on anything cool right now?
i miss kyle.):
Let's go boys 7:33 of hard football left
Where did anxiety come from? I'd like to give it the middle finger and tell it to fuck right off!
It's goin down tonite at The Bad Monkey! We hit the stage at 11!
twitter needs to add more characters per tweet! i ran out!
The Love Of Your Life Break Up With You And Sayin "We Can Still Be Friends" Is Like Your Dog Dying And Ur Mom Sayin "We Can Still Keep It"
what about bracelets?(:
Went to sleep fine. Woke up with a 102 temperature. FML
Me too!:/ RT : I wanna go watch the Spurs game at some restaurant with all my friends like in the good ol'days <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
feeling like im king of this rap shit I want the world and everything in it
that one wad my fave out of all the MI Series.
Really glad a middle aged white guy horse won the derby. Storybook ending.
we went at 4 and it wasn't bad.. When we left at 5:30 it was a different story!
welp gettin off in a few. hope i getto hang with justice tomorrow !
Woot! in the house
That's really strange then -- i didn't' change the mobile template at all, only the desktop.
well sign off no one wants to see ur ugly face
yea I think so. There were about 30 in line
Animal Style FTW (>^_^<)
Jenna I feel there is so much kinship! Like an unbreakable bond; like a family! It's a phenomena I never felt before! <U+2665>
:] eatiinnn pizza..ryt now...yummy...anybody want sommmmeee????:P
THE #VMA HAD A SNAKE AND WAS SCARED LOL AND JUSTIN KKISS HER SELENA LIKE SNAKE JUSTIN
Holy scnikes has it been long since Ive been on this side. How have yall been?
Today is a dead of meatasaourous
i think im going to head to old town after work to get my packet....see you there maybe!
we were trying to figure out if he has a twitter
Follow and tweet me and get my # by dm.
#ThatMomentWhen you realize is a Shield Agent.
Normal Girl Problems: Am I too fat? Am I too ugly? Mahomie Problems: Will I ever meet Austin? Will he know I exist?
Fulltime needs:Project Mgr with IT PMLC, Resource Mangmnt,Budgets,Risk clients in TX. Pls send resume to
Looks to be a great night for Men's League!
when you drive by a car with kids in the back, windows up, parents smoking...
Loving cigars and scotch post-#WHCD at Capitol Hilton with , and
Life without Risk, is like Plants without Water. You can't grow if you're not willing to take that chance for what you love.
Who calls from "Private" numbers still? Especially at 6:35am....
Oh my! We are close to 200 fans!! Can we make it? Can we make it?!? Pass it on to your friends, family and pets. All friends on deck!
couldn't agree more!
listen to ! you will like them! :)
what can u do!!
Well this sucks
115 days until the world championships! Cant wait to play in that hot NC summer sun!
The longest two hours is happening RIGHT NOW... when... is... work... over...
I don't follow enough michigan state fans....
Best-selling author Margina Graham Parker is now signing at the Baltimore Book Festival.
He'll take Ryan Fitzpatrick's job by midseason. RT Vince Young signed with the Buffalo Bills.
Good morning! Did anyone have a #SUBWAY breakfast? April's featured $5 footlong is Bacon Egg and Cheese and we've got BOGO 6" subs til 9am!
Do you wonder why Cain's offering was not acceptible to God? Read my thoughts on New Release Page, www.lindaswift.net
NASCAR founder heads SEMA Hall of Fame class - Tire Business
I wanna just soak in the tub tonight<f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080>n sip
you are a funny dude.
My sister and I are making a nanner for my handsome nephew's grave. It's going to be rockin :D
We have expert resume writers to assist you! We keep current with all industries in order to tailor your resume perfectly! Call us!
The rest of the Bulls that night shot 19-of-50 (38%). MJ assisted on 6 of those 19 field goals.
#ImHappyWhen I'm playing my favorite games like Halo, COD, Mass Effect, MvC & Street Fighter.
GOODIE MOB performs on "The Voice" tonight!!... Where it all began for Cee-Lo Green - when ATL hip hop was real in the ATL
good luck w/ ur research. do tweet w/ other medical librarians in the field & get their perspective as well.
Mind mapping museum technologies
Great article by Martino about MLS salaries and Feilhaber's signing by NE.
Off today. Planned on getting up early to be productive. Still in bed watching Golden Girls. (singing 2 self-"thank u for being a friend..."
wait to call out a team that the pacers probably won't even get to play.
good to see you on twitter 10 days.........
Great great great worship this morning!!! :) #praiseHim #chapel #sogood!
Sorry, thought you meant the era of success was over. In that case, you are correct.
What a wonderful tribute to Whitney Houston on #Glee. Such beautiful songs, her legacy will live on!
Alright 2 Chainz Might not have the Most Complex Lines But The Dude Has the Delivery Factor.
Last time the Bordo's where brought out i was surrounded by loved ones. Its only fitting as I watch kansas beast and fix myself a plate..
Like it "visual discovery"! RT : : SeeSaw is a visual discovery platform...see Tweets in a new way
has gone PINK for Breast Cancer Awareness month! , #pink,
Written updates along the way may help as well, depending on the culture and style of your company
seeing your show for the first time on tv awsome!
they missed it bad!! did another one of his stupid last minute goals..
I'm down always go to my friends lake house on memorial day
Loved the premier of South Pacific. Hope you're still having fun at it.
TUE Dinner Dessert Special: Chocolate Ice Box Pie with Vanilla Anglaise, Fresh Whipped Cream & Chocolate Shavings
i love you and all your inspirational words
& reunite to settle the score. Don't miss #PacMarquez I. Tomorrow night at 9pmET/6pmPT, Live on PPV.
Sunday's the coffee always taste better.
Family and time
what did you order out there
1D Means Everything To Us :) yes they do, they keep my face smiling ;D
I'm listening to the US Natives album right now and really digging it. Super fun and groovy.
This day in 1994, Whirlpool continues production on freon-free refrigerators. Freons being a major ozone-depleting chemical.
You guys, I switched contact lens solution to Opti-Free Pure Moist and it's amazing.
Well played! We have been blessed with a warm winter. 50 degrees today. I will be firing the grill up shortly as well.
let's not..
I have too many suicidal thoughts to go shooting at a gun range.
next page please
Thanks #HHfreenight for the free stay at ANY Hilton hotel worldwide!! This made my Monday :-).
Tell me I'm beautiful
Middleton PD looking for two men who allegedly tried to push a girl into a van near Parkside Heights Park this AM. Call 824-7300 with info.
Brenda Smith was the winner. Still bus seats and tickets left. Or maybe you know Brenda.
Back from #Kzoo2012. Resuming regularly scheduled life.
Fat Lee
I really enjoyed the season finale tonight! Looking forward to next season!
moms my favorite hot n readys!!
lol boy came to da gym dis morning. I was like wtf
Can't help but be in random people's graduation photos
Some girl on fb just got caught under the act. She letting 2 dudes crack her on camera..
Library Technology Conference at Macalester. Nerd squared.
You broke Twitter son! Done!
I already own like 25 of these dolls... that weird?
wait, chad Pennington's calling games now? I thought he was still a backup somewhere
Too many drunk people in one spot is not always a good thing....
Thanks for the tip! Just started following
Bitch, evaporate.
I love your twitter & all of your tweet. I wish i was more like you coast you're gorgeous & nice. You deserve to meet IB<3
Have to read a whole book by tomorrow and im tweeting...
TODAYS DEAL : Benefits of failing:1. U become stronger. 2. U know your real friends.
Laureate Education - Online Course (non-broadcast) Non-Union AUDITION DATE: Monday 5/21 Please email headshot & resume to: betsy…
bored in Arlington, plans got cancelled... anyone wanna do something?? wanna wait in line at In-N-Out anyone?? haha
I'm Not Living If Your Not By My Side <U+2665>
We have one going on here also - so beautiful, but rough driving so staying home. Be safe!
“: I'm curious,WHAT WAS THE FIRST SONG OF MINE THAT YOU HEARD??? Or liked...”Antonio Montana str8 <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5> homie
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Mostly clear in the evening then areas of low clouds and fog. Lows 55 to 60. Light winds.
Watching the food network getting ideas for mother's day brunch
I juss saw this article that says Harry likes girls who can pee standing up... CHALLENGE ACCEPTED!
Dang CL get it girl!
New File "backstage" menu is impressive and VERY functional.
you can be anything in this world that you want... except for my downfall
I just love it when Skakin' Pickle songs enter my brain out of no where. I'm in love With a Girl Named Spike.
Happy Birthday! :) Your Birthdays 6 Days After Mine !
Tomie DePaolo's Jamie O'Rourke and teh Big Potato or Gail Gibbon's St. Patrick's Day
NVM the website did not load correctly.
Lunch time! Yea....like I haven't been eating all morning..
Lust is just a state of mind but love is a emotion that keeps the world turning
iPhone 5<U+FFFD>s voice-to-text feature auto-corrects Horny enough to bang your mom! to Sorry to hear about your mom! USELESS for Twitter
done with the tramp stamp?
and a quick time out as we compare gross feet stories.
I saw you at Village Pizza :P
Disneyworld is my favorite place ever
Austin put sex in their ears to make me though.
27 hour construction weekend complete. 15 of 18 windows installed. Huge success! Massive pain! (via )
If he wears a uniform.
All I ever tweet nowadays is that im bored..........I need excitement here
Council Adjourned
#Q1 I would argue a more varied audience would make the conversation more engaging.
richpublican ideas can solve poorly managed city. San Diego needs new blood on council!
Watching "Area 51 Declassified" on National Geographic Channel. Just fascinating stuff.
ha ha, I'm currently trying to hide an enormous erection.
My mom doesnt have a twitter, thats why i do.
": Should I bring in doughnuts or bagels for me and mhhhh.." m I'm cool with either one!
Derby time bitches
Thank you!
is in the house. Let the fun and games begin.
Who was your best dressed on the Red Carpet?
Election officer training class. Big fun. Lol
I already hate today... Suffering at the orthopedist
yeah... I do idiotic things too.
Wow. By Tuesday my mind is swimming with ideas! Happy that a to do list is quickly forming.
lmaooo remember padway, and sam washer hilarious
alex's best friend so that i could like both of them still :)
got this drink in my cup :)
RT : "If we don't change direction we are likely to end up where we are headed." ~ Chinese Proverb
- I know for a fact there was a reason for asking this... As I have woken up am now not as drunky pants I can't remember
#Thisweather is cuddling weather :D thank god i got my dog. <3
Yes, you are correct. (did I really just admit that?)
We have The Frog and Toad Treasury. 3 books in 1. ISBN 0060267887
Nvm they're white enough.
Screw your flowers, screw your stupid picture, and screw you.
People, I'm looking for a job in #PR #SM in #indy that will sponsor my H1B Visa. Know of any openings?
“: -Loved the Leap Day Birthday Boy story from ” good to hear! I've had a lot of fun pieces lately.
It's too early to b awake....
MY MAYNE SHIIIT LMAO RT I WOULD LOVE TO SEE A JIGSAW GAME WHERE HE MAKES A BLACK BITCH TAKE HER WEAVE OFF WITH A KEY OR DIE
I am missing your insight
Great session at #hci federal summit - NASA's next gen workforce up on stage w/ their CHCO, Toni Dawsey - amazing Xers and Millenials!
Do you guys cover #filmfestivals?
where did these niggas come from yall ned ta go somewhere
you get points just for thinking of that!
#sdmayornp "who's gonna watch the moderators?" LOL
Just Live Your Life.
You want more? Ok. John boehner to american people: "thank you, william harry harrison. And chester a arthur certainly had a hand as well."
Ill Always Love Yuu . No Matter What .
Eenie meenie minie mo.... to what college should I go...
I'm bored...so I'm just copying a bunch of my old FB statuses into twitter...I should probs be doing homework...but oh well...
GOPs choice: Social caveman w dubious fiscal record Santorum; fiscal conservative who is hands-off on social issues Paul; or 2 say-anythings
Ugh meant eat at Holiday Inn but my din
I wish there was a 'like' button for your tweet! :)
Damn straight.
Why are all my lightbulbs suddenly burning out!?
I am! Thanks chad! How are you?
I'm over crying n shit. Tears of happiness.
Same. Sports writers are f'ing terrible. Can't believe how much crap is published about Barcelona's season. Just shit thinking.
Ovwa I'm out I'm hitting pillows
Debate tonight at U of Charleston. Reportedly Tomblin & Thompson to be no shows at this ELECTION'S ONLY DEBATE. Anyone for Hide and Seek?
At 7 p.m., I was the 117th voter at the U&14th polling pl RT The only suspense tonight is whether D.C. cast more than 5,000 votes
School has gone by fassttt
“: Foul on Barbosa is disgusting. Serious? Wow. That's and-one.”
Here I thought we were going to have some office naughtiness and he's daydreaming!
YW! The MA Constitution is stronger than the US in many areas of personal rights and liberties.
Painting my nails now <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085> hehe
How did I just now see has a twitter account. I'm ashamed as a KU Alum and a Milwaukee Bucks fan. #RCJH &
and this is a city that could use more mindfulness. this much is clear.
So is it the policy of Home Depot to advise customers to get a new Home Depot Card every time to save, then just cancel it?
We both brought beer and now have too much.
ah, didn't know you'd moved further west on LI! f'real, just write a tebow piece on spec and send it along to them...
I never understood y ppl go to school just to roam in the hallways
sifting through video footage of the long drive out west
Watching "Divorce Court" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
piétrus dropping them threes!!!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 6
Oh, and GO ROCKIES!!!
Basketball........who wants 2 play me??(:
thank you<3
Creating a Marketing Campaign....about marketing campaigns.
Blessings to you. With all the challenges you may have, being a loving mother is not one them. You are Special.
You don't have to see something to know that it's really there. You just believe it.
Me too and how are you? :D
Miss the family, but love being back in Chicago.
Can you check in at the lake on foursquare tho? Lol
hi momma
i fuck with special effects... light this here contraption it will foggy ya glasses...
Laundry takes forever ! Ugh .
Can you allow things to be as they are without trying to control them. Life may just be wiser than we are.
We didn't have any food in the house. I can eat as much cheese as I want!
nice!!! send over some of your stuff so I can check it out!
Great seeing Sherri, Rob, Mike, Marie of the South Philly Team and so many others tonight. A great time. Thanks Sherri for organizing it.
Wtf netflix. Why you no work?
it looks 'scrum-did-a-lee-ump-tious'
Maybe it just really was "all natural" health cereals are starting to cross the line!
it's not that they haven't lost much, it's that it could be a lot worse. Defense takes a huge hit with Gonzalez and Gomez
Welcome, Tonya! Do you have anything else fun planned for the day?
Steely Dan, that is, in the mix
Thanks to #oitp I've already had a full #alamw12 conference, and the exhibits ribbon just got cut.
If I make a second pledge to salute Charles Edwards' leadership of the news team, does that count?
thanks** hello) how a you?
The train in my hood is so much more calming. The DT trains just squeal
Thankx for coming out to HEROES LOUNGE and supporting the event... gone keep jamming the #TRAGIC song..... Keep grinding!!
lol i see you found the pic i got everyone reposting!!! Powerful words huh "bad bitch"
Where my Puerto Rican's at?!?!
#GIVE it up for the - It's for a good cause and helps
It genuinely surprises me that isn't huge. So basically i am going to obnoxiosly show them off to all my friends!
Sam you gotta get the fuck outta my mentions
looks awesome! I might see you there on the 21st.
congrats on getting 3 million followers Louis! You are amazing and we all love you so much :)
Today I failed at Ceiling Fan but succeeded at Curtains; also my knees tell me that I failed at Resting After Epic Sailing Dammit.
I have seen what a laugh can do. It can transform almost unbearable tears into something bearable, even hopeful. - Bob Hope
This #Texas #Cincy game is boring! 13-2 after ten min. Should keeping track of bad shots and turn overs!
"And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose." Romans 8:28
Big day today.. Stay tuned for today's picks...
Document every day he's missed!!! That's instruction time gone. Have u addressed w/school how they will make up this time?
follow me back dude
Our kitchen is a museum of coffee. Standard brewer, french presses, aeropress, and now a chemex. #WhatNext?
Missing my Physics besties :(
ack. acai twitter hack. thanks for setting me straight.
The blue Moon has risen.. Gunners we are 3rd
Dear Lord! I just don't get you!
U ROCK VICTORIA!!! <3
Facebook's timeline feature is now live, make sure to activate yours and enjoy the tour! What a neat application.
Charlie's tweets about me(:
A River
where and when
Prosecutable hate speech in 17th-century Massachusetts included calling people “dogs,” “rogues” and even “queens”.
Where thaaa rolls @?????
You got knocked the fuck out!!... BITCH!!!
exactly. yes! I loved the marks the husband's fingers made in the bedspread as he fell to his knees...such subtleties
My pleasure. I need to know the good guys on so we can tell to
Just passed a huge crash with a flipped car right by my house. So damn sad.
Pumpkin Pie or Sweet Potato Pie?
Load School-wide reading program selections for teachers to read on kindles over the summer!
There will not be a live stream this Friday. It is being bumped back to Saturday, maybe a little earlier than 8. That may be the new time.
yeah, you want to go to the mall?
I asked wolfram alpha a question and i didn't get the answer, but google had it right away. i am disappoint.
Today I got mistaken from my twin like 4 times.
Go see Red Tails y'all!!!! If we don't support who will! This will determine the future of African American cinema!
Getting all packed up for my Big Move to LA. Im excited about it but the boys want to stay in Wisconsin
#Icanhonestlysay that I when I think of DC, I think of Fox's Bones. I know. I'm horrible.
Nigga always talking bout sex, relationship or money and ain't got neither one, go find a Hobbie or something else to talk bout
Off to the hospital at 11 o'clock at night through flooded streets in a middle of a lightning storm
What small Canadian presses do you like? editor-& I are lookin for more books by great ladyauthors to review
You're welcome.
$find = &$expanded, awww, how cute! hahaha!
Squirrel hunting with Amabile
stay cheesy :-)
Power is the ability to walk away from what you desire to protect what you love. - Michael Bailey
Boo! I hope you feel better soon.
They were gonna call the new restaurant "La Salsa," "Mexican Shit Here," but I think those focus groups really paid off.
No-hitter by far. not even close
you mean your imaginary friends from Cabel Midland
still working on portfolios
We love feedback. If you haven't already be sure to check out www.theadvocator.org
It sucks when you're really upset ansd you know they aren't even affected
its like we were destined to be roommates
50% off towards Glow Salon and Spa's services - men, get a straight shave; ladies, get a Shellac manicure! www.crowdclick.com
Might need a morning after wat we did the nite before <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Just used to order a #pizza from
Please don't turn on that light... Ugh
Health insurance companies already ration and nix needed care for the insured --stop the scaremongering about healthcare reform
But...but I was right!
When you dont know if the guy next to you is talking to himself or dying in pain with sound effects....... ~Devin.Anne<3
For drama and adventure, have a sticker of a distant car in your rear view mirror. You can then pretend as if you're being chased.
Welcome Hyannis MA
no plans. Tell me when you'll be there.
Downtown, 13th and Oak, not too far away.
Thanks to for being such an informational and helpful
best tweet ever by Dan Dan
The pieces to the puzzle are fitting together. Today we launch the #proLove360 #sharetheLove campaign. Our mission is simple:
no problem, no rush. I've been missing a lot of deadlines lately b/c of my travel schedule so wanted to check on that. Thanks!
Today is going to be a copy driven day.
Can we please talk about Obama's birth certificate some more? It's so interesting.
Had a beer with and Patrick Fox and talked about web fonts, backbone.js, and the how we're
Packing for D.C.
In need of a good nut
I like how they fire, people. Passively.
Yo the fans who are in the American Airline Arena suck get the fuck up and make some noise your rich people
Happy Halloween! Have a nice day
you're revising hard then?;)
hahaha its a rough part of my day
In 1996 he produced an innovative on-hour video piece titled 'Question Bridge' that investigates class divisions within the Black community.
Tensator Named &quot;Cool Vendor&quot; by Leading Analyst Firm
did u make it down??
#ThisSummerImTryna Have Fun
Time to show what a real class act team looks and acts like
my favorite show !!!!
Hi I hope you had a wonderful day :)
i went to the club
Tomorrow will go to school and I will go see Titanic in 3D
Maybe I'll get cheese fries. By myself. \m/
8 bars down, 9 to go... Game on!! Broncos next
Cool I'll send you info shortly. I found it online and tried it, and it turned out to be lots of fun. Mike enjoys it too!
My best friend > your life (':
that will just be awesome looking forward to that too each day is a blessing to us
I think your tag is fine - just need to clarify who you are and what you're doing on prof pg w/ link to work maybe.
Awesome time working with for & 's wedding at the #Hardrock Hotel San Diego
Guys we are thugs.
Hahaha yeah right.
Wow nice good for you! Congratulations on all your accomplisments! Best daryl
yes. I have two, one for each floor. The baby one is cute for the bathroom too.
your hair >>>
And I'm like, it's better than your's (Serious SQL skills here, son)
You're like playing around with a person and they get mad at everything, bro.
love them! They need to come to #Wichita!
Summer Institute 2010 is near capacity, will be closed very soon. info at: www.communityworksinstitute.org
“: She wasn't even hittn me ! I woulda went round 2 but I wass to damn tired shiit lol .”u lien the video don't lie bruh
I <3 skinny white ass.
I should really upgrade my fucking soundcloud account, I gotta stop being so cheap lol
Q7 What you do before or during a college visit about eating gluten-free on campus as a student?
If you want to be on our email list, post it and we will add you :)
Why would K-Rod even pitch to Kotsay?? With his 8th inning blast, Kotsay has now hit more HRs this season than Pujols!
I cant drive anywhere xcuz Im drunk n high. I just got kicked out so my fruend could hook up with some guy. I wanna leave!
I bought an e-reader. Now I can read Fifty Shades of Grey without judgement from fellow subway riders.
TCU 102-#11 UNLV 97. One of the best feelings I've had in my life. I am so happy for Coach Christian, our staff, and our great young men
We love it!
I got an ipod for the first in my life last year as a gift, and the first artist albums I buy was Kimmy Blanco ##True!!!
I'm glad this is almost over! I'm hot & bothered
make a wish foundation #can'thandleyou
Yo gotti said it best man what happened to the real niggas
I remember when I HATED Big Time Rush. Kendall changed that when I saw Big Time Live
if i could go back and forth from white blonde to black hair, day to day depending on my mood, without any damage...i would.
And Buffalo draws first blood on a Jason Pominville wrister that sailed above Thomas' glove side.
come on guys! 4 more likes to 1000, help us do it!
guess that's right
u guys got lucky one year. The ravens are the only NFL team to make the playoffs 4 years in a row from 2008 to 2011.
Umm... cool? RT : I have secured a pair of 's socks tonight. Not allowed to tweet until he hits the stage.
Why am I awake?
I mean most of the time we aren't friends...
LHP Joe Savery optioned to Lehigh Valley (A). Roster move will be made on Friday. -- Todd Zolecki ()
collaboration: we talk about it, but we don't do it. it's complicated.
pictures of Boombox?
Pacqiao would never catch Money if they fought.
I usually hate singing competition shows but I have loved #TheVoice since day one! Judges are the best.
lol that's me all the time bro :p haha
Have a new follower today. Stress to create pithy statements crippling me. Luckily she's foreign, so I'm pretty sure she speaks no English.
Thanks for eating the last of it, jerk... Another waiter went hungry because of you. Until he made some o' Chef's chips. m
You must begin to think right about yourself.
Justin just recorded his first ever hattrick! 3 goals in one game! So proud of this dude! My boy!
This sounds like the most awesome Wisco event ever: Wisconsin Grilled Cheese Championship, tomorrow in Mineral Point. Say hi to
YOU DON'T KNOW OH OH YOU DON'T KNOW YOUR BEAUTIFUL<3 *dedicated to austin's toe*
absolutely dude, cannot wait to see #ArcticMonkeys what do you think of the new song #BrickByBrick ?
Pinterest is my new bff !
I'll cry and it's your fault.. hope that stays in your mind forever :'(
Yes ma'am! :D OMG 2 things! My dad was talking to my about geting BTR tickets for March 10th if they still have them & he was
I forgot my belt!!! I HATE it when I forget my belt. :D
thank you ! that is very kind of you :)
Feels a little odd to be packing for a snowboard trip while its 75 and sunny out.
Thanks so much for the #FF! Have a wonderful holiday weekend!!!
Go to the gym...Go to the gym...Go to the gym...
I still have that dream that I'll meet you one day. Im not giving up.
RT Let the power and inspiration of your vision PULL you up out of your current circumstances. It gets better and better!
Why is same sex marriage an issue? Why should anyone care who someone else marries. Live and let live.
Loved seeing everyone gathered around 's computer to watch the shuttle launch! Great way to spend the morning at work.
tell me if you like the movie
We would love to visit!! We filmed a show for Fine Living a few years ago where we went on a swamp tour in the Everglades.
I was about to go off in this nigga ass breh . He got scared
Workouts in the heat
The winner of is CloudTop
ditto. Medium couldn't even finish the whole season they had to quickly end it leaving a very rushed ending
My manager rocks bringing croissants, fruit, muffins on the last day of the quarter.
LOL, I tweeted a link to this 30 minutes ago. Your getting slow in your old age.
Anyone going to #UAWOW LA tomorrow?
Yeesh, the Braves are going to lose this game, aren't they?
< they fucked alot of people up trust me.
At TPA, heading for south Beach and the Food network food and wine festival!
Then it's allowable. :)
Tip from #m2062 participant Aga Zostek: check out "Creative Man" from Copenhagen Inst for Futures Studies
The last time you tweeted was really 39 days ago?
TO MY O'G, TRIPLE O'G HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Also easy on that cake lol.
LMAO Yes girl and Ebony is her therapist.!!!! Im dying at this scenario....
Really? Sorry you made that bad decision! LOL
SEO is worth learning about.
have you let Blago know you're coming? He saving a spot for you?
RIP Lewis "Buddy" Nordan
What's the point in pretending to be something you're not..? & were themselves look at them now! <3 follow me??
agree with you and
I like what Gardner brings on offense, but when Florida makes him defend away from the basket, he's absolutely useless with that bad knee.
On Skype now. Also need approval for Edmodo.
SAVED WAVE, YEA - WE'VE PLAYED CRAZED INTO A GREAT DAY, CUZ AS FUCKIN ALWAYS, WE PUFFIN GRADE A...
Hopefully we will be there some day.....
Will always be our Texas boy ! <3
You do crowd control. I'll handle the employees.
Keep giving services till u no longer feel comfortable-- good advice Beth in conf call
Presenting on panel at FDA on pharmacovigilance, social media and the future. Will write blog post later on learning's.
I just became the mayor of The Combination KFC & Tacol Bell on !
Afternoon lovelies! It's 's birthday today! I hope you're all well.
Not looking forward to going home tonight. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Who put these hoes in my room
I hate casinos - just saying
People of NYC, do yourself a favor and go see this “: Playing a free show for Diesel Jeans on Tuesday."
How many of you actually read the terms of service on the OGIS Conference wifi?
Shiller Democratize WallStreet sounds better to me than #occupywallst but I get more hatemail from this bk
Heart pounding. Come on
lmao then it's a good thing ;) lmao xD
Gonna make brownie for later to watch the #HALOAwards just for and the rest of the Nickelodeon cast members
NY. One word: bagels.
So excited for tonight's event! RT : Good luck finalists
I just wanna sleep.
Since his double eagle, Oosthuizen has been incredibly clutch with longish par saves on 3, 6 and now 14.
chuck Norris in #walkertexasranger ....... chez overload
B! what it do man
Sparks:Your inlove NO sparks:Well your in a bull shited relastionship
Wow. RT : Evan Schnittman will join Hachette on May 7 as evp, chief marketing and sales officer, overseeing all company divisions
where is that
"Things don't happen TO you, they happen FOR you.
RT : 915 breweries in planning in the U.S., though 270 are very small (under 100 barrels).
i really wanted you to be a C' this year, thought you were the real deal, the Lebron stopper. Maybe i was wrong.
Should we expect a Deluxe Edition soon?
This is what public schooling does to the youth now
YES! If I can get up I'm coming over to lay on your couch...#1 hangover remedy
for recipes, home decor and clothing stuff — im hooked on PInterest.
get an android phone there so much better
But it's fun to watch. It's so bad it's good. And Leighton Meester is frgn hot!!! Season 1 was pretty good though.
its gonna be a good season (Y)
Want a taste of SD's TOP local culinary masterminds? The Sustainable Feast will be here April 22nd for round two.
US GOV can not the postal service much less FDA tobacco Health care the red tape nightmare is to disgusting to fathom! I know GOV BS to well
where is the dungeon?
so the bread is hair?
Its Election Day! Be sure to go out and vote!
“: Someone take me to the spott. I just wanna clear my head and watch sum airplanes.”///that place rocks!!!
RT : Turnout very low so far. Means your vote makes even more of a difference. Vote Sekou and help clean up DCgovt
could you list to 20 types for us?
move it. Or plan a second grad party
The free cookies in celebration of the bike team's victory is happening at both stores!
You're most welcome!
hey im trying to write a song and it's going nowhere... any advice? btw i love you and your music (& Bridges I Burn music)
Everyone check my status. No one ever go to Marquee Nightclub
heard u rocked #roi2011 - sorry i missed u
I know for real... lets get into something homie
Go follow my real awesomeness account for BTR! Mostly Kendall tho
thank you!!!
Who wants their entire tweet read on the radio, make it a good one!
Absolutely! RT It's positive to bring scientific method into research. More pro than con on disease diagnosis.
Enjoy half off all bottles of wine at Amber every Monday!
baseball! enough down time to still have fun, lol, and my body will still -mostly- work when i'm old
I would have been a kick-ass trust fund kid.
Twitter won't let me follow anyone so if I'm not following you... Tweet me!(:
2 miles in the morning with my pup ...
It was the Scottie Yahtzee drink of last summer. Might extend it to this summer, too! :-)
alien technology, sing-a-longs, "Fields", and hallway hallelujah with and A truly memorable evening!
Wow pretty extreme.
According to I don't tweet enough haha
Buon pomeriggio! Bom dia! Thursday greetings to my tweeps in the Italian and Portuguese tongue!
Mirror mirror on the wall who is the baddest of them all ME!
OMG YES!!!! I feel the same way. This next year's presidential election is going to be horrible. That's why I'm independent.
5,000 4x6 Postcards Only $169 - Mention Tweet and Get 100 12x18 Color Posters! Check out our site www.800printingnyc.com
Thank you! Can't wait to see your book when it's done.
Love this rain on my sunday - coffee - writing - vicks - an obscure foreign film on netflix perhaps.
Finally had lunch @ Buzz Cafe today. Excellent gourmet sandwiches. Highly recommend checking it out.
On site for a photo shoot.
I'm to much of a drug.. He wanna let go but he just can't :-D
Congrats on the SXSWi Hall of Fame!
*bows* a good twitter war. I look forward to the next.
*dude* you are my hero. That's been driving me up a wall. I think it's almost instantly better.
Chilling with some music before AP tests this week
Ashley Kelsey MTV Real World San Diego partying at Bar Room and Saddle Ridge Saturday! Kinda cool!
"Everytime I try to leave something keeps pulling me back, me back, telling me I need you in my life"
I know you get more than a thousand tweets in less than a second you can read all want .. as mine was one of those#loveyou<U+2665>
P.s. only 30 more days until I move to my very 1st - 1 bedroom apartment! :)
The corruption at City Hall needs to be unveiled.
"Dim All the Lights" in honor of Donna Summer.
See ya Oahu! Maui today.
YEA LIKE IN VEGAS
Pray that I get this job
oh ya im here baby
All married women are not wives.
Not as of now but as we get closer ill give you more details. RT : ... for a few weeks ... any plans for you to...
Where's Greg nothing personal Started watching him on red eye, he's hilarious! He along with bob make the five! Dana's great
Thanks for the love, everyone who has donated to our fundraising campaign so far! You've brought smiles to many a face today. :)
You've been waiting for that!
nah I told you I wasn't going to! That's awkward. And obvious what I kept asking them about.
not cool man reposting - just not cool.
Both is necessary, fasho
I could've been a contender. I could've been somebody.
I'm watching "bad girls club" w/ my sister. That shits seriously funny
Knowledge is obtained by degrees
You know you're old when one of your staff members has no idea who Steve Garvey is.
Come and meet David and me at Biz to Biz event Plantation Fl Quality Inn 5:30 pm and Learn to how to Age Younger
so where do you fall? I'm split right down the middle. They seem perfectly mismatched. But I haven't had either in the field.
Well, hello there, music man.
RT wats up new followers. thinking of a master plan. What's good wit cha?
Hope you've collected your winnings, or at least whiffed the felt tip pen!
: that's museum education in action! :)
Just gave #BudSelig the nod while walking through the #Gilles parking lot.
Never in the course of history, have so many owed so much to so few.
hi baby, I just wanna show love to you <3 <3 <3
It's a great discussion today on women at home, working women, single mothers, etc.
Now that #Manning is here, bet the #Broncos get a couple Monday Night Football games this season... ESPN's Mike Terico on 7:50am MT.
Stay tuned for an AMAZING creativity contest!!!!!!
New favorite pastime - reading WordPress spam comments. Hilarity.
7th floor seneca wit my dudes
I know #IStayFresh and clean B)
Hi Scott ! Nice to meet U and TKS 4 following me, right back 'atcha !
Today's the day!
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved." - Churchill
I ate my applesauce cup and got over it. Thanks anyway, sorors.
Where r u located?
When people do wrong unto to you, keep in mind that someone is always keeping score!
Oysters 2012. Chincoteagues, briny and juicy, and Wellfleets, milder but of the sea. Pairs nicely with a Syrah-Grenache.
On vacation!! My vacation offically starts now!!
Sex sex sex sex sex sex ex ex ex ex
The peace of God is internal not external. When the peace of God rules in your heart whatever happens around you won't shake you.
Thanks for coming in today, Benjamin! We value your business!
I know I watch it every night before I go to bed!
The FBI is after Clint Eastwood because they didn't forgive him?
That's great news, man. All the best, and hoping we cross paths soon!
full day of work today, many appointments tomorrow to prepare for
Jack Hanna
Jaymz is watching Gumby holiday DVD...painful yet he can't take his eyes off it...!
Tim Hamilton the producer...haha probably not the same, but then again you never know!
It's a crazy life, but I'm alright.
I haven't been tweeting alot lately because my motto for the rest of this year is "silence is golden"
how's it going? Thanks for the follow. When are we shooting? ;-)
it's actually very frustrating. Wonder at times if I'm getting senile :-/
Husband or wife -nawlage ft french montana video coming soon s/o
hahaha i c what u did there.
I love Otis so much<3
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!20
don't miss that flight son. Cya soon
Ah, I won't keep you up then. I saw it's going to rain, I'm bringing a hat.
On a scale of 1 to STFU how annoying are my desperate last tweets before I'm fully immersed in farmlands?
also: Girls is a comedy?
cooks who ask to go for a smoke break in the middle of service
Goodbye daddy. I'll miss u. C u in three weeks
(2/2) Seau shot himself in the chest for the explicit reason that he wanted his brain intact 2 be examined for concussion injury
Hey Day9 I just got my first casted game up on league, where else should I go to advertise (I tweeted and posted the league forums)?
Aguirre tries to take first base on ball 3. Nice try big guy.
To all our Irish friends - Happy St. Patrick's Day!
good old Iron Curtin
You're The Zombie Still Up !!! Look At Youu Cuhh Loll What Are You Doing
Robert is off to Hattiesburg, MS to to give a speech on “Negotiating In A New Economy” Clients want more for less How do we give it to them
#imagine Harry: you naughty girl get on the bed. you: make me. Harry: i'm your commander *winks* you: oohh i'm so scared *winks*
Changing your attitude from "I have to do X, Y and Z" to "I get to do X, Y" can make a world of difference.
I stopped being friends with my best friend because my other 'friends' wanted me to ignore her too. Im not even friends with those girls now
great meeting you today via Skype!
I know is watching over me because when I was feeling down today, I ran into Nick Nolte.
Junior Seau was a cornerstone of my Madden '01 defense. Great player. He'll be missed.
Yeah I wana chill nephew
RT How hard is it to not fuck up an iced coffee? Take ice, add coffee. Sorry roomies and friends, but UG is the way to go
Ms McCain, with respect, this intolerance is not only southern.
Gee: "performance before competence." Educators should study videogames. It's not about the game: it's about performance b4 competence
About to start
Having a blast tonight. Great music all weekend and Southern Tier sampling on Tuesday.
I saw your work for the first time on Flickr today. It's really awesome!
DM Back to you!!!
#myhomelesssignwouldsay "don't help me I should be responsible enough to get a job if I'm can write this sign"!
#StayAwayFromMeIf yo breathe smell like cat ass and corn chips
Wow! So not cool!
ion mean to change our visit but it's a pretty busy day for me today.
Good morning gang It's Monday let's get it started money to be made.
bulls gotta win tonight LETS GO BULLS! 9:30EST
Comedy central is going down..kat willams is a fool you are funny as hell..
Watching a great show about #SteveJobs on CBNC right now. Glad to have the day off. :)
interesting. Would recommend it?
It's funny, really! But just a slight big annoying. Haha! Oh well! doing well so that speaks volumes! :)
have a good day :)
This cold weather better not kill our plants.
Man fuck the bitches niggas how y'all doin I'm a tuchen I'm a nuisance I got stupid I go dumb like tha 3 stooges I don't eat sushi I'm the
You tato chip ass niggas always get mad cause I got ruffles
I free up a great deal of brainspace by paying zero attention to popular music.
omg please lol I need to stalk my future husband lol
Why is the ground always wet at the #Bachelorette pad?
At this store called call it spring and it's like a knock off Aldo-_- they need to stop it
teams with the same record rotate each round. Colts get 1st pick in 3rd round and rams in 4th
What's up bro? I'm at the drive-ins.
because tami didn't punch a.hoe!! She's all park
time well spent, it always recharges you for the REAL good times.
Has No Time To Waste
go jerk off on your couch you skinny mad magazine fuck
Thanks for reminding me ;) I pushed it back a little, lets make a plan Friday (9th) night?? XO
watched soul surfer today!! i cried! haha what a gurl! :pp #inspired watching alice and wonderland now!! :D lol
You've got to be sticky! Links inside of links inside of links!
Awesome weather for a #Shakeshack burger in Madison Square Park and a #Giants playoff game on Sunday! Go #Blue!
Thanks for the follow. Returned the favor
fly out for the day and do me! Ill buy ur ticket this is serious! I need some mike t now!!! Bahahah yess I know I'm a freak!
Of course I oversleep by 40 minutes the day of an off-site meeting. Thankfully it's just downtown. Ugh.
All because he can't handle criticism... he still can't. And if he did make this up -- I will expose it. Cheerio.
<--- Why yes. I do! ": I need some new people to follow....suggestions?"
So so so #thankfulfor beautiful warm weather today, sun on face, warm breeze, birds chirping, flowers blooming, dogs wagging those tails!
Patiently waiting for Apple =]... Oh ThE aGoNy
20 percent off #moleskin planners at Lynn's Hallmark on Lincoln. Don't mind if I do.
omg my new dream is to get Cody to teach me how to surf hey think about it Cody <3
Yes. Especially love Walt playing on this side. Wow.
maybe that explains why he's in A
Remember this day. For it is one that is never forgotten
A little #liveatluthercollege to round out the evening. Best live album ever recorded. The sole reason I picked up a guitar when I was 12!
I wish I did drugs. :-(
nope. None yet. Trying.
“: The way that Edward looks at Bella >”
that is Income tax officials for u. They are super smart and have coverts in every rich man's house.
#nwill2011 - over 12 copies of a hathitrust item. Author's guild is concerned about the proliferation of copies but also about orphan wrks
ROFL the old man n Club RT : Cuba imports cigars from him??? Ok, Mr. Most Interesting Man In the World aka the Oldest Man At the Club.
We need to point our kids to Jesus Christ, their Savior, by modeling for them every day what we know to be true about God and his Son.
That was a great win!!!
RT“: #RELATIONSHIPSDONTWORK the word "LOVE" gets used out of context”
Melco recently updated the embroidery machine cart/stand for AMAYA XTS. Have you used the new cart? Do you like it? Feedback is welcome!
RT - The Chargers, St. Louis Rams, Jacksonville Jaguars, Oakland Raiders or Minnesota Vikings could relocating to Los Angeles.
Since its starting to get hot, I'm a cut my damn hair
aw that's so sweet
The Membership Committee will meet tonight at 7pm at GWUL. For more info, contact: .
How many times will there be a Nnamdi Asomugha sighting at locations in the Owings Mills area over the next few days? ...
:) LOL ... well, at least my brain's in good company ;)
thats cool i just got out of the shower aha ;p
If it don't get better money wise pshhh
' Desmond Tutu also said "empowering women is good for the planet" at the #socialgood summit.
Sugar is open on Easter Sunday!!!
time 4 a new 1,been on these 2 hot songz 4 the past dayz,gon take a break n start somethin else hot!
I lost my number.. Can I borrow yours?
If you can't spell the word scholarship you don't deserve one.
Watching "Surf Ninjas". My life is complete again.
Ya have to watch that Haney guy!! LOL
Your name on your tombstone is the hardest that you will ever be
going to the moviess (:
TONIGHT - DJ's AI & J-Roc will be Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music and the The Lotus Dance Team will be turning up the Heat!
Today is as annoying as a newly married couple.
this girl acts like she moved from paris/new york/fricken milan to texas. you went from kentucky....to dallas.....calm down
that's very inappropriate but have you tried their new crakblender frappe? To die (or kill) for.
November 10th! The Terrace in Pasadena! True Colors and Truth and Triumph!
oh dear! hope you're OK!
Congratulations to Volusia County teacher Lianne Bennett on being selected for Project Archaeology Leadership Academy!
Listening to hyfr by drake
FOLLOW ... SHES ONE AWAY from 1k!!! tell me if you followed her and ill give you a s/o
Some people now just cant forgive but the meaning of life is just to live
When are you going/returning? Did I tell you I'm going now? Haven't gotten flights yet.
RT “: Republicans plan was to call Obama a metrosexual, black Abe Lincoln? They do realize that sounds awesome, right?”
Boston and Washington going to sudden death OT in Game 7. Great hockey, but let's win this already #Bruins!
ball so hard mother fuckers wanna fine me
Ooh, I hate doing that.
excuse me while I cry
The worst feeling is regretting not having done something when you had the chance.
that's tomorrow. Photo is from the "What you talking about Willis Tower"
I am now the proud owner of a macbook pro. Weird.
Thanks for the mention!
How's Texas Reyes?
Good stuff "Squarepusher" I'm hooked on something heavier at the moment "DJ Acucrack"
THANK U SO MUCH HE IS SLEEPING NOW SO HOPE TO GET HIM HOME SOON JUST WANT HIM BETTER THIS IS SO HARD ON HIM HUGS TO U
Happy Monday!
News Flash. Thanks to our new distributors Portland Roasting, will now be served at the Oregon Convention Center Cafes....
RT : Is it an honor to be in an auction now? #wtf?
RT Donna Frye doesn't blame anyone who would now doubt trustworthiness...
Congratulations on completing your undergrad studies! If you need help downloading your work from TaskStream, call 800.311.5656.
- please be so kind to follow us on Twitter for the latest on San Diego's hospitality industry and beyond.
can't get any more American than the Justice League.
Agreed! RT 2012, if you promise to be as epic, adventurous, exciting & overall fun as 2011 was, I won't feel like I'm mourning 2011.
"It is from the blues that all that may be called American music derives it most distinctive characteristics."--James Weldon Johnson...
We will be at our merch booth a few minutes after the set to hang out for a while. Come up and say hey.
I don't even think I was born when Gabrial Eglasias or whats his name was on it either lol
My thunder looking hungry
Bunnies scare me. They have such creepy eyes, especially the ones with red eyes. Blah.
Anyone else shocked the refs didn't kick us in the nuts with a charge call there?
Someone is confident in Jack, I hope you're right, good luck! RT: 617
Any sufficiently advanced bureaucracy is indistinguishable from molasses.
You're not serious.
dude i need to talk to u
The Siddur provides a common language of prayer for Jews at all times and places.
All I want is for God to have full control of my life! I want to be the woman He created me to be! Make me more like You, God!
I act courageously even when I don’t feel courageous. I act in spite of my fear and the fear fades away. (say this 2 yourself) IT WORKS!
is bouncing today. :-)
Dynamic Designz has several other projects that are currently on the back burner as we do not have time to tackle them all at the moment!
Well Bout To K.O GoodNight Twitter! !!!!!!!!
mad cow? Must be fat bitches.
Correction of the day: "tow the lion." 8-D
#FF You have to try 's food from She's also a former fellow JHU undergrad. Be sure to follow them on Twitter!
been havin fun with my sons the past few days
:-) #WineHuntChat RT : Ive been passed by one at about mile 16 of a marathon. Very humbling.
#cil11 anyone using fbml to create a new books tab on facebook? Any opacs synching with facebook?
If someone made a video about all the poor, homeless, starving families in the US and you watched that, would you care to do anything?
Duck butts
I have to be the early leader for Executive of the Year, right?
thanks for the follow!
ets - listening to the brian Jonestown massacre.
> when parents eat ur fav pie (apple) and dont share it with u
I'm with MT : Let me be clear. I am a WV Democrat who unapologetically supports
Why are cheetos so great you ask? Because where else are you going to get nearly a pound of chips in a bag?
Tweetups=in person event that is organized using twitter. Give your social influencers exclusive access and a peek into your world.
Lesson for all men: When a woman has a baseball cap on, DO NOT take it off...unless you want to get hurt.
Yes, #LoyolaWeekend was AWESOME this year! The weather is supposed to be even nicer today...can't wait!
Grandma and Red, are here
Did she say "sugar bugs"? cc/
First day as a Freshman not Bad
Dedications to Adanna & I from friends/family local & visiting (from WI, CA, TX, MI, & France) in lyric (poems & song) were beyond beautiful
Wow! and I are just leaving school.
you knew everybody was going to RT it. hahahaha
"Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen."
Just finished a great 20 mile run. Time to relax!
I'm so proud of you two! :')
Justin, please, please follow me I'd do anything for you but not everything ..
that is a pretty good looking cup cake:))
My meh day was made a trillion times better when a little girl came up to me and said a book I recommended made her like reading again.LOVE.
Do anyone know if the nail salon having specials today?
I seem to recall Ben Block put his together in record time. Perhaps you tag him in?
first snow in the high country O YEAH YEAH ill be snowboarding in no time!
I love when he talks crazy with me its sweet aggression :-)
's Jionni looks like an adorable guido version of Jake Gyllenhaal. Good catch girl!
Im heading to LA tomorrow morning, any spots I need to go in and around Hollywood?
congrats to the Rangers
Let's go Heat!
Great article on Pilot Season!
9/11 victims can finally rest in peace, goodnight :) and god bless america!
I'm looking at him <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
One more final
yea not really lol
Last time I threw my back out it was reaching for the toilet paper. Classy, no?
Really enjoyed reading Public Parts by Was a great discussion on the benefits of "publicness" in our ever more connected lives.
Beauty comes in all colors. Beauty comes in all shapes. Beauty comes from all around the world. Beauty has no requirements
that's a great one--really puts me in a zone. Also like campfire and crickets when I'm writing setting.
Good morning y'all try to stay warm!! (;
wat up tweeters
#NP - "Just One of Them Days" Monica
3 strikeouts for brad hand to start the game? Not bad
I counted about 30
nicki minaj looks like she belongs on my face.
Mixer Match was crazy awesome tonight! So thankful for everyone that was there & all the work that went in to it!
good, 3rd both races
I'm temped to read #thelyinggame books but I'm worried there will be spoilers for the show. Does anyone know how close they are to the show?
You cannot even form a coherent sentence. You really expect me to take you seriously? Retard.
Cotto needs a knockout
Why do I lose all the good pictures of myself? There's only been about 5 over my lifetime, you'd think they'd be easy to keep track of.
Looking at how narratives about "bird flu" have influenced public health planning. And maybe not in a good way.....
So lovely seeing Charles for a little lunch can't wait for tonight :)
High expectations for tonight, but then I realise we live in Widnes and it will probably rain..
party animal!!! :P
R.I.P. Junior Seau! A true San Diego native that gave so much back to the community!! You were too young, life can be unfair! God Bless..
Corporate Fraud: What is worst case that you know about?
every game is time consuming. But atleast with this one you get to bash faces in. I love it!!
I hope everyone had a fantastic Mother's Day!
"Killing the unborn"? Oh, you're a zealot. Sorry, didn't mean to waste my time.
I need to see you boiii. Either you bring your ass here or I come there lol
RT : Im ready for graduation night
Wish I was 28 already.
the doctor! she gave me drugs! maybe someday i'll be unsick! #hope springs eternal...
I love you brittni, merry Christmas (: we're hanging out soon.
Hello my love i am your fan number one and when it comes to Venezuela and i love you
How did I miss that \'s new plus one shirt went one sale?? That's the one I was waiting for!
oh lol I kept tryna find you... Why u deleted it....
I'm confused about this Tracks thing. Help!
hey baby looking hot )
in my coffee shop travels last night
Research is to see what everybody else has seen, and to think what nobody else has thought.—Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
Trust your instincts. Be confident. Be humble. Stay curious. Exchange ideas. Laugh at yourself. Laugh at others. ;)
Unfortunately, my amp sounded like thunder for a few seconds and then died again... bummer !!!
Excited to play w/ Joanna Pascale, Madison Rast, Mike Kennedy, and Dan Monaghan today. Private event but will be fun.
Have the Lakers won a game yet?? OH!
Appliance Recycling Centers of America (ARCA) Announces Appointment of Rachel L. Holmes to Chief of Staff
SAT word of the day: prosaic (adj.) plain, lacking liveliness
the #hoeski has arrived
What's yo name? What's yo number?
; like i said i dont care!
i need follows follow me i follow please follow please
just trying to get my children to cooperate today (boys) and not being all that successful and I am physically drained.
I love showing my students the birds in the wild! And, of course, it's a good excuse to watch them myself... ;)
Couldn't agree more. This is difference between advertising -- your not just buying media, but activating it
Is it too late to win? RT Who wants to win a surprise? RT this to enter! Hint: it will be made of yarn and awesome.
So much flopping. #NBA needs to start fining players for flopping
whats up boy
Super bored.. someone text me #please I will love you forever
Not to go all Pinteresty on you, but that peroxide/Dawn stain remover found there? MAGIC.
But on the bright side I had sonic 2x today, and my dad cooking my fav.
Haha! Very interesting social experiment nonetheless. Thanks for the birthday wish!! : )
Fantasy travel--which would you choose? a Pegasus, Tron Light cycle, Dragon, Nimbus 2000, imperial speeder bike, USS Enterprise, or an Ent?
that's good ! ^-^ lol school is almost out ! I'm so excited !
Whoa...Singing puff the magic dragon with the Immersion kids and faculty at the Von trapp family lodge
you are so right. It's a guy thing. Always has been.
indeed funk pays
Recent estimates suggest that 9 million children and teens between the ages of 6 and 19 are considered to be overweight.
Tonight was so good <3 God's love is amazing
I love how no matter how good of a day I have, you ALWAYS screw it up. I hate my family, so much.
#mydickfelloff sad face :(
Did you ever see Panthers owner Jerry Richardson's *strange* press conference?
Getting ready for Absinthe...has not started yet and I already love it!
There are like five Hunter faculty standing at this bus stop on the EST side. We is all late for the last day of class.
No Pain, No Gain
Happy Mothers Day Mama Mahone<3 hope you had a wonderful day!
yeah no problem, shoot me an e-mail with your travel plans.
If Amy Winehouse would have been in The Matrix... She would have taken both the pills.
": that's called being the best best friend ever(:" heck yes man best I EVER had (:
Reminder: February General Meeting and Placement Fair at SMU Legacy tonight! Check in starts at 6:30. See you then!
Thanks for the #FF mention and
going skiing for the 1st time next weekend any tips? I'm a really good ice skater, hoping that helps!
Whoever started the campaign to reinstate Miss Universe Canada, Jenna Talackova - ROCKS!
Never apologize for Being yourself if someone doesn't like it they don't deserve you
No, I will be out of town. Are you at SXSW?
We need to plan a brunch with mimosas! Next sun? You have to see how freaking cool Jude is! He will be TWO on May 1 already!
Veras throws hard. Why is he always nibbling?
I'm sorry, but every morning this week Obama is on the TV talking. Do our lawmakers do anything but talk? Talk is cheap!
- I enjoyed this post a lot. At least you asked. Took me 10 years to realize you need to ask. Or better yet, tell: "Let's go ___"
always wanted to do that.
All I do is try my hardest for you.. I guess it's not enough.
happens to me too, just proof for that Pod loves Fantasy guys more, replaces FToday pod.
Need extra pocket cash? Bring your old gold & platinum pieces into be scrapped! Come in by the 30th & receive a free lunch to Elliotts too!
Allergy and sleep deprivation are kicking my ass
Send me a roll via text lol
Amanda French #dpla Wants "gleeful rendezvous" with soul and body of a library
CFB is definitely one of the greatest sports in this country. The passion of the fan bases is unmatched.
Rams on the clock
Thanks :) btw, when I visit, I'll make something just for you <3
I hate that I always get my hopes up >.<
#EarthDay celebration happening now on Market St. Corridor, nxt to City Hall. Stop down for music, eco-stories, local food & more til 1pm.
RT : RT : 2.5 weeks until Christmas! Have you decorated for the Holidays yet? Stop by SOCO!
Enjoyed a great meal tonite, fixed and prepared by a good, good friend.
RT : SHOUTOUT TO MY ( ATLANTA ) FOLLOWERS.
Simple issues << Put me in the ER. -__-
This guy is seriously trying to hit on her. Lol omg he doesn't even know how. Bitch gtfo.
: after placing my order via mobile, I should be able to drive up to the window, scan my phone, pick up my order. Done.
I don't like people in general.
that's so unfair! Only in Chicago will they say you can't even camp out for passes to a signing! Wow
The ineffable joy of forgiving and being forgiven forms an ecstasy that might well arouse the envy of the gods
eyyyyy "dances salsa all ova my livin room" ;) RT joints in rotation! Even got my momma groovin
going to Hayward and San Francisco to visit some family today. should b fun :D
Hitchcock did the same thing. It's the TRUST factor. No man is an island, but it takes a capt to run a ship.
The guy on espn radio that does the soccer updates, his spanish accent is so thick I can't understand a word he says besides espn radio.
12,000 steps so far today. The only upside to moving.
hahahaha I see him!
A very busy #dayofdh. Now I need to figure out when #dayofbloggingaboutdayofdh is going to be.
the "calendar" video was seriously amazing. Please post it online!!
Black Wood Vein marble - Marble handicrafts|marble design|marble ...
....and I just talked to one who said almost exactly that - :)
Tagliani bha come by the garage I will introduce him to you. bryan herta is a scary guy lol
Adapting safety programs for the aging workforce The health and safety of the rapidly growing number of older U.S. workers demand employe
I guess I'm going to bed early =/
Yay for Wednesday! $10 off all bottles of wine, all night. Happy #WineWednesday!
Here we go. First airport run of the year. 1st home game tonight. Good to be back in baseball and im excited to be w/ the
I should really clean my room before I leave for Tennessee... Anyone wanna help? :D
you're too adorable. <3 :D
Ed Rapuano is one of the worst umpires in Baseball. I never could stand that guy.
Russell Westbrook is about to assassinate Ramon Sessions and his toro defense.
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 13
Luck just got his buddy to throw to
Ur welcome:) following back
Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you cannot change.
scaffolding gets danger close to traditional lesson design and away from the social aspect
Thanks for joining us at #MastersPOV this year!
Yep. That, the demo tape and the CD.
I'm waitin on my homeboy
I wish Dick and Mud would challenge Jed instead of kissing his ass. What we have now on offense is NOT working. Need hitters.
I usually wait until after breakfast to turn my swag on
heard the "Socially Awkward" joint on dope ish sir.
very much!
So, So True!!
Downtown is really noisy today for some reason with all the cop cars and paramedics
love patois. Hit cochon too
<3 The best show.
Bouncy Easter eggs, psychedelic spinny things, Pink Floyd...
Hey Thank for yest! I had a lot of fun, sorry if i was a lil lame, i was a wee bit tired but i tried to hang in. Plus i'm not
There is enough petrol in a full tank of a Jumbo Jet to drive an average car four times around the world
This day went from good to bad in a matter of 30 mins.
follow me please
#ThingsThatBotherMe People who can't take a joke. Or people without a sense of humor.
Who sells Sprees anymore? Can't find. Major issue
Soulless lovers and a sea of heartless hipsters
Love that shot--and CONGRATULATIONS!
Retweet If your thinking about someone right now! <3
fck a bitch
that's like a peanut butter and shit sandwich
Now go follow ! He's part of the crew and a bad ass...
i have a similar sister. maybe not apocalypse fearing, but fear-of-life-in-general. thankfully my brother evens it out.
Social Media Protip: If I accept a connection with you, your first message should not be an automatic, impersonal sales pitch.
tamale place with daad :)
Just so you know Eric, this Row guy babbles alot!! J/K Nikos
<3LOL I forgot a heart
I'm gonna give up caring for lent.
nvr loved the crew .. They all loved me #FACT <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> (; #getitRight lol
Fuckin pee pee potato bread, taylor makes me eat it!
I see #Alcatraz hasn't dropped the gratuitous violence though :-(
fugg yes!! where do you work!?
That's true
Seriously. How did I drive long hauls before smart phones??
so this is a group invite and we should BE there!!!
Merry Christmas twitter!
oh yes. Agreed!
Thank You all for the shout outs.
Trap or die...
Middle age: When you can't decide between "why bother" and "why not".
Iight bulb > : if you're business isn't being duplicated, either you missed the mark or you're too far ahead of the curve
Moden Times Coffee House Open Mic Awesome
I appreciate a good texter.
Show some support to your towns locals and tag us in a #musicmonday with all your favorites! We'll send out free DDE bracelets to all who do
I miss you guys and love you too! Send me that girls info when you can and I'll send out some Alchemy
The Steelers are razor sharp so far.
TONIGHT @ Omni (2567 W Bancroft Toledo). Come hang out!!
And one more AH flick: Angry Harvest w/ Armin Mueller-Stahl - to anyone who's following this exchange: GO OUT & RENT DVD NOW
This slot sure wasn't my idea. But I'll work on the chocolate anyway
Why'd you do that? Are you a swimmer now or are you just doing it for the silky smoothness?
In the limo partying it up
I don't see the "cuteness" or "sexiness" in someone who does drugs. I don't do it cause I'm scared; it's more cause I think it's stupid.
Evan Lionel's the joy & pain of fatherhood benefit please come out and support it will be held at stevies on ventura in encino 10$ cover
I love Jason Mraz
Interested in all things #foodallergy ? Follow . Justin will be doing some great things. I should know. I live with him!
All these new rappers have no social commentary. talking bout swag and money. All that's gone do is get you relieved of your belongings
Oh thank god! You're alive!
Is that the dude from Short Circuit?
Dexter. Mind. Blown.
Wedding schmedding : as a barren spinster I can't afford that sort of rot
Congrats on their win tonight to advance to the NIT Semi-finals!
NOO he's supposed to stay in america forever! :(
“: nah im n Austin i left rite afta the concert”I still don't like you
really rough it's it sweet when it's that kind of rough (~);}
Everyones going through something. I get it.
The purpose of life is to fight maturity. Werthimer, Dick
Hoping the #Cubs can win a series with a win today!
Only been a day, and unsure how gonna make it through rest of campaign hearing same Rick Perry stories over and over
true. Thought it was funny.
I Need To Start Textin People Back . I'm Always Too Lazy To Answer Tho lol
Thanks so much! I can't wait to read the article.
#Sextips while eating the vagina grab her thighs so when she cums you can keep going until she kicks you off her
Inhale breath, not food.
that was my library growing up! We did story hour there :)
Hey ;) How are you?
I hope you have the joy of having a child one day. Greatest gift ever regardless of what they do
That is, google.cn or google.com.hk are accessible outside of China. Not so sure about inside China.
Coincidences only happen in movies.
Everyone Should Help & Trend Mahomies Love Mama Mahone ! <U+2665>
I like your end-game. Brave or not!
tell him to follow the bus!!
Mashed potato afternoon at Mammoth! But sweet sailings this morning!!
gowalla! it's an Austin business and we love it!
I want canes. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Ps3 or 360?
I love my boys <U+2764>
Don't forget about the show Wed. night at One Eyed Jacks in Fairborn Ohio! Special Guest Opener Blue Moon Soup! New shows to announce soon!
Baseball is awesome Did u know that huh twits
I'd say I'd bake you a cake just so I can blow you off. A la last night... :D
jeremyriad Damn you: he drinks a Whiskey drink, he drinks a Vodka drink. He drinks a Lager drink, he drinks a Cider drink
S/O TO MY NEW FOLLOWERS
says i look remotely stoned
the link isn't working :(
. No copyright restrictions re: copyright in deed of gift. But did he have the rights? Who holds the copyright?
The egg nog ones - gonna send 'em to all my favorite computer geeks! :)
The Phoenix Suns are hosting the Houston Rockets today at the US Airways Center. For game tickets, call now: 888-493-0004
I have set my FB preferences so that I am never supposed to get emails about anything from FB. Does FB honor my settings? Not a chance.
So thinks LeBron James' beard looks pubey.
but of course my dear, it's very yummy!!
When u love someone and the same person dont love u back it really hurts
RT : We're open reg hours Good Friday & our 7-day banking offices will be closed on Sunday for Easter.
Can't wait.. I'm so pumped up to finally see this.. and trying to go in a spoiler free as possible.. which is rare for me.
2 more followers till 3k! The next 2 ill send you a copy of your favorite WBR record!
aww. I love her second album. it's not for everyone I guess. :P
- Tough game tonight, w/some super intense moments. Let's hope we can take it next 2.
Hey laptop, how about you work for me tonight? I know you wish you were something other than a dell.. Pls Dont take it out on me.
I enjoy your tweets John.
(whispering) so guys, we need 2 up our game. Can't let St. Paul crowd be the fav with 'notes'
my girl brings out the best of me.
Naps are the best.
Wow, a pick six by someone other than
Second part of Gitelman's talk: Holding Electronic Networks By the Wrong End.
Some Selenators need help.
Residual & Full time income. Doesn't pay to work a real job anymore. C what I do! It is amazing 4 people. Save time, make money, share. 4212
Donald young is a beast.
Thank you for the Shoutout! I hope you have a great weekend!
Poor Biden. His reign as the highest ranking U.S. official to support gay marriage was just so brief.
Thanks Todd!!!
morning! It went very well...lots of good information, but I'm just going to be a good husband and do the best I can ;)
Oh I understood it (I tweeted lol) but had to add more.....
The new #SachaBaronCohen movie #TheDictator looks hilarious & U can be one of the 1st to see it. Tix coming up w/ at 7:30p
And it's not even summer. Come back in July for some real fun.
I have not, but I can only imagine. Would love to let loose with a brick of Tri-X in Memphis dude.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you show me how much i mean to you. And you're nice and funny.
Great Rainy, Cloudy weather down here in San Diego! Perfect for writing. out for coffee in a bit, hope you all are great!
So guess what guys. School is stupid. And so is your mom.
Just got done watching the lion king(: I love that movie!!
#TurnberryToDo: From pandas to polar bears, stuff a plush bear & design its own matching T-shirt | Laguna Lawn at 3:15pm | $10
Wait...Journey cannot be played right now. It's early and I'm sober.
Who needs bread when you have Nutella?!
is like a whole 10 feet from me! Wha?
I switched Siri's voice setting to Australian and now speak to my phone with a terrible Aussie accent. #g'day
Thank you so much! <33
The challenge for speculators wanting to buy vacant townhouses is that conventional lenders won’t finance
Same !! RT : I get giddy when I see my friends accomplishing great things!
Thanks girl! xoxo :)
we need to get writing boys!!!
About to finish catching up on my shows and make these index cards
Nothing Chilln. Need to call my cellphone tonight.
I love sports RT it you do to!
I love U Bae
next time you're in Indy & actually have a date lined up you need to grab dinner here. #VIPtreatment -KJ
Goodnight (: Have fun in California! x
haha surprised this picture turned out so well.
#mikewallace RIP Mr. Wallace. I grew up watching and learning from the news you shared.You are part of my American history experience.PEACE
Health care in Oregon sucks. I have an extended relative in her 20s who can't get an MRI and is going to an extended care home. Seems wrong.
Well thank you thank you thank you!
No man fails, or can fail, who so grandly gives himself and all he has to a righteous cause.
Yes! Perfect!
Bittman: we have to stop marketing soda to kids and we should tax soda like we do cigarettes.
sportscenter is the
Don't jinx this.
Congrats u deserve it!
So when are we getting married babe?
it made my night
Am I the only one who thinks it was cruel for the city to put a community college next to #StuyvesantHS?
I might be homeless tomorrow. My mortgage company looks to be hanging me out to dry and I don't know what to do.
like your gonna sew one?
Just signed up with a new email address. Did you finally record Vegas?
Finally able to tweet #atthewh. Wonderful panel of speakers this morning
Twitter yourself.
Story definer, bow tie designer, patent decliner, musically finer.
They don't -- and I've never understood why. Maybe because they want you to buy travel cups/mugs instead?
Avoid topical stories. If you lose your voice and have to put out a re-run, you don't want people hearing dated jokes.
I have entered the world of grading papers...well after school is out for Spring
Time for ghost hunters
after a tough win against Arizona last night Badger men take on Gonzaga in Hawaii tonight at 8:30! www.yourbuckysports.com
Just keep swimming! About all the positive affirmation I can muster.
Now is a good time to exchange your student rental instrument for a better one - do this in September and pay nothing your first month!
"Now we are finally free" -Prison Break
Iced coffee is so good.
#CAPS v #Bruins RT Stay strong #Caps Nation!
The love of a family is life<U+0092>s greatest blessing.
Let's Tweet About Lauren XD
If sanctification doesn't follow justification, then justification hasn't happened.
happy mothers day :) even though baby Jesus not here yet
Hi Dave, thanks for following, I see you're in ACN. would it be ok if I shared my free generic recruiting tool with you?
Even if some bitch is crossing your territory, just let her do her thing. You'll look better if you just act like she's not there.
glad you liked it
323! I actually saw you once at The Magic Castle when Ed Alonzo was performing!
RT : Good lord, Favre rules.
YES! GUEST SPEAKER IN MY WORLD RELIG CLASS. So jazzed right now.
Tune in at 4:00 today to 1010am sports radio! Happy Hour with JP Peterson. Great show planned today about increasing your energy.
Novelists must not say "like" every other word.
And Merry Christmas to you Jon!
The Clippers said, "fuck you mcterry we're gonna lose tonight!" Well you know what, fuck it, you mtfs! ltm, im pissed!
Duly noted.
So Devin Hester just admited he is a big baby....If anyone is suprised by that you haven;t been paying attention.
Guys with messy hair :D
What is up with the cracked out Mickey Mouse?
We want to know what local independent record stores you'd like to see in. Give us a list!
Quote of the Day: "I believe we should all pay our tax with a smile. I tried - but they wanted cash."
Learn to Install a CCleaner into Portable Apps |
Does her Fox contract allow her to talk to other cable networks?
#FamousLies I love you.
Sure! Just let us know what you need from us :-)
with you on that! and then the bachelorette:)
Great #wineweb session! Shoot us a tweet with any ideas about future topics to discuss during our Wine and Web!
Let us all remember: "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
People up each other asses
your one of those.....
#Savage RT": Lls I Dont Mind Struggling To Stay Awake For My Food"
": People need to learn what effin 20% is!!!! Stupid stupid people" we could be so lucky if people actually learned how to TIP!!!
when I seen it it wasnt!
I bet Super Cards fan was crapping his pants last night.
I will park myself at one of your computers tomorrow and watch for it! Big plans!
The Hobbit is great but my dearest book is The Runelords and they are making it into a production
who's this about.?
The biggest cockroach ever was walking over my foot! I'm scared now
Nice of the NHL to not allow goalkeepers to play today
edamame spread: shelled edemame, mint, walnuts, onion, garlic, lemon juice, olive oil, salt. whirl. adjust. whirl. eat. ah...
Nope... Timebomb by BECK! so much fun!
I will be taking the stage at Governors Comedy Club here in Levittown tonight 10pm!!!
It's better to chase dreams than to let the uncertainty of what could have been chase you.
Merry Christmas!
me too!
Stumbled upon a gem for the EvE competition. I'm sure it'll be the most poplar choice tho.
I don't have to talk pretty for them no more
There is nothing more haunting than the echoey guitar wail of Frank Eaglesmith's Rodeo Boy
“I have a theory that every time you make an important choice, the part of you left behind continues the other life you could have had.”
Thank you being awesome and retweeting #artsmgtchat!
I treat people the way they treat me. Its pretty simple
Thanks buddy! I appreciate it!
These are days of possibility.
Happy Friday!
My phone really is a freaking distraction for me!
thank you for running
And I now have Twitter on my mobile. I can tweet from a distance now =D
would have been nice for the #Rays to get a win against the #yankees tonight. Hopefully they can get back on track tomorrow.
Tonight! : The Drums and : Jon Auer with Simon Lynge
#RINGER SEASON FINALE TONIGHT AT 9 ON CW20. What are your predictions? Will Bridget finally come clean?
that should give us ample time to prepare. ;)
Who is this?
I hope it settles for you! Remember, one challenge at a time.
just did a fitness class with my mom. I feel so accomplished ^.^
Well I did not have that one
Enjoy limo deals with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
with Jesus in the boat you can smile in a storm, smile in a storm, smile in a storm! smile Jesus & i love you!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
HELL YEAH! o(<U+2665><U+FE4F><U+2665>)o
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still. - Lao Tzu -
Going to try and get in a run at the park with my love.
gd morning sexy! Hope u slept well. I hav wat u want/need right here. *hands u hot cup o coffee*
I'm on my hands and knees I will meet you anywhere in Baltimore tomorrow please it'll be my birthday
It's too bad that email wasn't better -- could at least include links for folks to share on Facebook and twitter.
I'll let you see the citation in French tomorrow. It's too long to post on here or DM.
#LeviLowrey is The Best Man I've met.
#Thunderstorm Time #Milwaukee !
so criptic and meaningful Kerry
Great demo today at sales meeting
We are glad to bring the peanut chews, which have a special place in our heart because they are
“: The Jr. High has the most annoying emergency alarms ever.”
Good to know. Thanks!
They was so dayum close!
If you have a photo of yourself in 67 or MTNG send it to me to post! Or 'share' the photo with us yourself :)
but no one pays attention to the little people. Not the starving actors or musicians that haven't made it yet, like myself.
Every school day is the same boring routine. We gotta change it up
RT : Just got confirmation from Doc Rivers that Ray Allen will play for the Celtics against the Sixers tonight.
It Actually wasnt
he's a good coach. That's all that matters.
SU design students encourage Syracuse residents to &quot;Explore Your Own Path&quot;on Onondaga Creekwalk
#iDoNotSupport Off-Shore Drilling
I am so envious. So envious.
Shopping in character! That's a great idea.
If you're a business and you don't respond to Tweets/Messages from your customers...you're a dick.
I'd like to retweet this, but I can't. :D
Happy Mothers day to my mom() and all the other moms ! :)
I'm standing here staring at you and I'm begging please don't go I want you to know that I'm yours for the taking.
but cat be so happy if cat get this. Why u not happy?
Choose what the item is from the dropdown list, pick a color and brand, and you're done! You can always edit it if you mess up :)
(grave) I think, however, we have many many mainframe ghosts running around. Wonder if we'll have a PC (poltergeist computer)
My acoustic/soft playlist is must when I'm writing or drawing.
NUGGETS FANS NEED TO STOP ACCEPTING THIS
taxes. ugh
Sorry about the garza tweet. Mustve missed the pitching change while cooking a steak..thanks!....btw-I'm about done with veras.
you do it right, he just might buy you a car ;)
I want to win a $100 gift certificate to
Oh that's awesome! :))
Keep building on what we've got. Don't start over. No more motherships.
Ohh why why why
love that Alicia Keys song! Love it
The store is quiet and Frank won't be in for another four hours! Come talk to me
#GetAustinToTheTop10 ITS 11:11 MAKE A WISH, MAKE A WISH AND SAY<3
i always tell people "my mom said i can't" when people i don't feel like putting up with ask me to hang out
Happy Friday Nikki!! Are you worried about Irene in NYC like me?
You, every single one of you, are amazing. I am blessed to know you.
A successful #SMWWDC event needs: 1. Interaction 2. Relevancy 3. Attendees. NAILED it, any other good ones out there?
Such a beautiful day & then there are the 2 squirrels barking at each other in the tree outside my window. C'mon guys fight at another tree!
Guinness is good for you…and the PTSD from yesterday. Come on it and enjoy a pint & our Ladies’ night specials!
A goodnight kiss from my one true love every night, is the ultimate goal of my life.-Rock Christopher
All I want to say is, who's John Blake?
Just got coast to coast, poster, nd t-shirt in the mail!!!!!!! Yayyyy I'm so happy!!!! :D
Definitely. And there's a great academic paper waiting to be written on this.
Only if if was a fifth...
<U+200E>"May the lantern of my life move gently this night into all the places where light is needed." -Macrina Wiederkehr
Fabulous fingernail moon. Just right to see black on blue.
tweets? What is this?
TIP FOR THE DAY: Do NOT angle your keyboard by using the little legs on the bottom. Doing so may cause tendinitis - I learned the hard way!
WTF did I just see?!?!
at the mall.
Romo to Garrett: Do it, do it, I dare you.
The pistachio commercial with the #winklevoss #twins is HILARIOUS
"Life is real, even for a cellphone you need a plan."
Dr. Ca$hmoney.
Happy Monday to you! :)
"Pretty much the only reason I keep my cat is to enjoy the look of utter disgust on her face when she sees me naked."
Need a bottle of mascotto
follow me
Congratulations to Kristen Rubis (Vail), the 500,000th USTA League Tennis player in Colorado history.
You're the BEST! Certainly u know it! RT : we gave a bottle of ur vodka. Keeping it local in KC!
I love how gives out his kik but doesn't reply </3
Hibbert playing great D on Bosh
I hope everyone has gotten off the couch today. A beautiful day like this should not be wasted!
hahaha shushsh I don't have that mouth <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
I had the best freaking massage yesterday. Why can't i re-live that hour again?
Photo shoot after vacation which means I'll be tanner! I'm ready to prove to the world you don't have to be skinny to be a model!
I'll be watching LA too. I wish NCIS was 2hrs as well but I'll get over it eventually lol.
I WOULD LOVE THAT
Hell yea
just recieved 2 new beats that fit me perfect.. im gonna murda them joints..
I'll be in TX next weekend... I may cry when my plane hits the ground. I love my home are there any more #peoplelikeus ?
sounds so grown up on #BOYFRIEND ; it's a must-have :)
oh I know, he's playing it well
My body is sore! <<<<< Hardwork last night..
Bilderberg: As impressive as The League of Nations. Bunch of people patting themselves on the back as the world kicks them in the rear. EXT
Shankar: the ethnographic tension created by how people see their own class category vs. the class category projected on them
Dahhh! Simply approach!
haha yea me too
try a local NKY Italian place...Pompilio's in Newport!
All these cheens on my TL
its name's nice. Yeah I love it!
Working on Choral Journal Archive. There are some interesting articles...apparently our concerns haven't changed much over time...
Me: i'm just reachin' for your necklace! Dad: Talkin' to my mom about this little bitch from Texas. Nice, dad.
Watching that movie.
#congrats Nathan Fillion your TV best Drama Actor
Very good idea from to review all yr mobile apps on device with various combos of accessibility settings
Imma Be A Cheerleader Next Year!!! :D
Said it yesterday, saying it today...Florida State WILL defeat Carolina. One time for Tallahassee!
No one is ugly after my bed time ;)
Thanks! So did you! Our table had prolly 50% of the talent in the bar. Wish I could count Steve but he belongs to the world.
: One last happy birthday to 19 good years and heres to many more <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
The Pink Cadillac that was busting out of the front of the Hard Rock Cafe Orlando has been removed. :(
When crate training a #puppy start with short amounts of time and gradually increase it
Goodmorning... I'm up early getting my oil changed... gotta stay rolling
thanks for the mention. Glad you enjoyed yourself!
Doing Nothing is not an Option. If you prefer to sell your house, this can be negotiated to save your credit. Contact me, I can help.
#cwcon when vitanza asks you to hum, you hum.
I hear ya. I'm thinking of getting rid of everything except my handspun. :\
you'll be glad you did!
If you were wondering like and I were, Bruno Mars is Puerto Rican/Filipino.
bout to just go to sleep!
new EP on is very good 4 your <3
I was hoping it had a mid-40's slightly-paunchy,coming-off-major-knee-surgery, hates-2-run category. I'm all over it.
I'm so tired!!!
hangin bro , im in the same shit , sometimes ppl will never understand. cant trip on what we cant change brah
RT : Any New Years Resolutions?...to be richer, smarter & stronger
Yeah, I wish DCist could break away from the -ist Empire. They're killing it.
looks like we have ourselves a date ;)
smh how you gon talk about me then tell me your recovering now?? Lol smh
I didn't think I was gonna have time.
The problems that exist in the world today cannot be solved by the level of thinking that created them. -Albert Einstein
I have a headache after that.
hows your week? Did you get my last email?
I think someone has to be listening to you for it to be an actual conversation.
With bastards, disability geeks, and eunuchs in harems, #orphans8 is a Tom Waits album waiting to happen.
#cookingtip Unfamiliar with preparing beets? Roast them in the oven at 350 F for 1 hour. After they've cooled, the skin peels off easily
Kinda want to cancel my facebook account but then realized id miss half the invites for stupid shit i actually might attend.
hope you feel better!
i'll send you some pictures of the boys hahaha:)
Everybody thats going to Prom '12, HAVE FUN! Fuck being safe, LIVE IT UP!
if the product is not made in China then you have no hope of competing.
Getting a pedicure ;)
Monster Mania Monster Truck Show coming to Lazy E Arena on Jan. 7 & 8! Hope you can make it out! Lazye.com for more info! RT!
Word through the grapevine is that you're a fellow Trojan... Fight on.
You're very welcome! Happy to support such talented people! Best, ~ROMAN
Absolutely outrageous. RT : Can you believe in WI they're repealing #EqualPay laws? This hurts women and families.
Been catching all of the NYE run thanks to app. Thx !!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY LADIES!!!! ENJOY YOUR DAY!!!!
I can't tomorrow--full day. I'm going to go Saturday or Sunday though. Y'all have fun!!
The Crumbling of America is on the history channel - WOW WE need to turn our attention homeward in a big way
RT : Kelley: None of the left/right lang connects with the language of ppl living in fear in these states.
Good to be home :) No plane rides for a good week or so!
Great win and big momentum booster for the bucks! Knicks have the tougher schedule down the stretch, let's make a run!!
Bolton still in the plans for next season, and when can we expect u back with the USNT?
I am not in the mood for a lazy Sunday.
Excited to be speaking at 'The Next Billion Dollar App! How to Take Your Idea from Concept to App Store!'
Get ur celebrity look on with our Camouflage Cargo Pants in green n grey for only $29.99!!!!!!!!!
We just want a little meat without your bible.
1000? #packernation can do better than that! RT : Wanna get to 1k followers by end of draft.Can u make it happen packernation
It's National Bookmobile Day! Celebrate by making your own Storymobile - www.ala.org/bookmobiles/
out indefinitely...ruh roh. sucks to hear that. get well soon ! and enjoy the desperate housewives finale while you rest
completely clear in 15213, at least the ten feet of it i can see through the office next door's window...
Goodnight gonna watch a movie in bed
Just saw some candy canes in this grocery store. I can't figure out if these dudes are really proactive or really lazy
I swear I have feelings for you but my heart is elsewhere...
you were awesome last night at show! Hush was a real joy to see performed live! Bravo to you and the whole crew!
Tomorra is my Birthday... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
RT : finally created a Twitter list of those followers who are local. Lists ca be a great tool
S/o handz down best concert I eva been 2 n my lyfe. Yu killed Dallas. Other cities look out club paradise tour comn lyk a category5..
look at his next tweet bitch!
I never tire of watching
You know it was a successful night when you run across not one, but two pair of panties in the street as you walk to the car.
wow..you did all that work? You do it all dont ya!
Can't wait for this one! Northpilot with 5/16
I woke up and read this tweet. I've never craved teriyaki tenderloin at 8 am.... #untiltoday. Ps come to DC for Maryland game
"Boobs are fun"
GUYS...FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
Don't forget he's lowering the flag at half mast for Whitney's funeral.....he's an ass
Lavender is used extensively in herbalism and aromatherapy. It is commonly used to relieve stress and enhance relaxation. Try it in a bath.
Thx for the RT on Headline 101 post. Just followed you too. Cynthia
why are you on message boards?
Did you actually do karaoke? Or is bambi referring to you being addicted to love?
Its time to just be friends now its the best for both of us I will never forget are memories, I will always love you but its over
Btw.....beautiful day!
No Artichoke Spinach Dip in a Bread Bowl... okay... okay... fine... fine. Looks go tho.
No comment ! lolx
I love my friends :) best night in a while!!
Hope to see you tomorrow! :-)
Gracias mi Pita <U+2764>
Hello, Eric! I hope to be back in the tweet of things again soon!
#getrich Succes is if you loose everything and truly be okay with it: would be a fun challenge
#FF awesome bands & musicians
Great to see you last night at 's awesome #smcrva gig.
Yay! First day of vacation and there's a flameware on my FB.. with *gasp* a bunch of people I don't give a crap about.
keep scrubbing it will be worth it
No Build Day this Saturday folks but don't panic!!! Everyone come out on behalf of Habitat to support Service Saturday and M.A.X.
huh? o.O
Banquet for the national tournament
your song "Can't Stop Feeling" fit in perfectly w/rest of my playlist for my #CoreFusion #Barre class! Can't wait to play it!
Hey , know anyone who wants to come pick up some trash from the streets today?
Vegas is great! You should really enjoy it! Everyone who's come up has that I know :)
Is this working?
Ribeye on the grill. Potato in the oven. Good day.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 2
thinking of a master plan...
<U+2764> Happy Valentine's Day to all our followers. <U+2764>
Cosign. RT : I hate social readers on Facebook.
I have an almost boyfriend who would but doesn't have my copy of the book. Or means to get it back xD
I want a pop tart.
My dentist told me to stop eating sugar! Going sugar free will be challenging! I love sugar. :(.....
Do let me know once you finish it. I sat through the whole thing from the 3rd row at LA Film Fest. Could have done another 4 hrs.
Just got a 34% on my ch 4 algebra 2 test. Hahahahaha
Happy Hump Day to you as well!
I never had felt my heart broken like it is now
ineed my muffin :(
was watching 's interview on tv,and I called him, and he said he had a feeling I was about to call. Ha its destiny!!!
Wow this Travyon Martin case is something.. Shows Americans how bad some laws have been put in too place.. Justice for Travyon Martin...
Honestly did Cristina agulara get a boob job cuz in all the other voice shows they weren't tht big??
that poster is a really big mistake! My eyes are melting.
I love you, yet I kind of want to murder you :)
I haven't been out of the house today except to get #McDonald's on Wedington. Not healthy I know but convenient right? No. So slow.
good news! though i hope the food hadn't been saved since Festivus or you may find yourself not eating again for awhile...
dont be scared of the come up fool
Robbins Wolfe Eventeurs hopes that everyone had an enjoyable holiday weekend. We definitely ate enough...
Happy April fools day! Hehe is your refridgerator running? Better go catch it....
got our new home ------ wont be ours but i think we can make it home
ooh baby it's a wild world
To avoid situations in which you might make mistakes may be the biggest mistake of all. McWilliams, Peter
It's Monday, which means is wrapping up the weekend in the sports world. Let's Go!
Out chckn on my street team ProRunners, I tried to catch dem slipn lol but they on dey A-GaMe! It's E.V.A. Pro.! July 16th @ mandees b dehr!
Wat u do in tha dark comes to tha lite
Haha. I'd pay to see that! RT : Um...the Cambry Show?
Tonight was legit<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A> #legitmoments(:
Are you sporting a Dalí, a handlebar, or a Fu Manchu? Get 10% off your bill when you show off your ‘stache today for #Mustache Monday!
i just follwed u back
I feel like such a rebel
That just made up for everything! Go Williams! #gopack!
Oh, no. So sorry.
I wanna be an astronaut!! #spottheshuttle next to the Washington Monument
Oh nice! I recently started a new position (same employer) & am still learning the new job. Are you excited?
what a great weekend casting done
Board scores FINALLY came and guess who's ceremoniously burning their flashcards?
DJ Joanie B. plays all your favorites tonight. Word on the street is that there may be dancing...
jalapeno residue on fingers while peeing. OOPS
All I do is for the glory of God!! Thank you for this blessed day! Tomorrow should be great, as another day awaits!
Glad I found your blog! I've been eating #dairyfree for a long time and just discovered an intolerance to eggs and nuts.
Band announcements for Warped have begun and we need all of your support!! Go tell you want This Romantic Tragedy 2012!!
my heart is shattering thank you omg ah yall are cute but waaaaaaat about take it easy aaahhh
Ew, really? Chris Brown? Not a huge fan of #DWTS employing woman abusers for the entertainment breaks.
GREAT FALLS, Mont. (AP) -- Ryan Leaf has reached a plea agreement on drug and burglary charges in Montana.
Follow me 4 free!!!!!!!!! Thats what the deal is!
makes money sponsoring bills like #sopa & #pipa, hollywood lining his pockets
The use of essential oils combined with steam inhalation can achieve physical & mental soothing effects.
some one come pick me up!!!! im dying of boredom..
THANK YOU, #desperatehousewives for years of fabulous, wonderful entertainment! et al (U have no idea...)
RT : “Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” -Dr Seuss
Because I'm a lazy butt who should be studying. And I'm still at the top, I only keep going because of who's my voice.
Oden to b waived
Golly gee I have lazy bones and close to none inspiration woootwooot.
Is it true rihanna webt in a drug and alcohol binge? Wouldnt be shocked
wanted a camera that does it all. Comes out in 2 wks. $400.00 underwater also
The referees have checked out of this game..no fouls called..no concept of a pivot foot.
#LAMHarvard MCloonan: Simmons is launching Cultural Heritage informatics. GSLIS with Archives strengths are bringing in the museums.
I have not driven or started my Land Rover D-90 in over 9 months and she started right up on the first crank today. Go figure.
#cainesarcade is coming up on the nbc nightly news with Brian Williams. Amazing!
Honey Cocaine > Nicki Minaj, at the moment.
thank you love! :-)
. Thanks for the shout! How ya doing, Seth?
I feel like an SLP leech all the time! Don't feel bad, it's not just you. LOL
HAHAHA just do it. I won't judge you. I'll just make sure you never hear the end of it.
yeah your right ^^
BACHATA & BURLESQUE (Exotic Dance for Everyday Women) TONITE at Dance Studio! Don't miss these fun and sexy dance classes!
Mhm...“: I really don't want to go to school tomorrow”
a victum bobbie d still knew what he was doing wrong yes its shit to throw someone under a bus but a victum wrong
Peace and Blessings to you and your family ... I hope you are doing very well!! Peace .. P
What's up?!
I can't help what I'm thinking.
Ready 4 Battle of the Exes Reunion.
Moving blows. I can't wait until its all over with. Maybe I'll never move again! Jokes
Guess ill watch tv til my eyes close.
OMG!! I FORGOT Jorge Antonio Vasquez && M'f Whisper Red IM GOING TO DELETED THE VIDEO AND DO IT AGAIN
I hope you fall in a fire
Maybe that'll break the nervous energy .... Yup. Casper, knockdown.
Barflying it at the Hideout then Manhattan Drugs.
Guess who Parkers dating? Nasty ashley. LOL lets see how this ends
RT i called my mother and told her happy mothers day and she said happy mothers day to you to....... 0_o • Hahaha xD
Pls god let that last tweet from mean he's about to start an insane Kim Jong Il rant...it's been way too long.
UGGS are the ugliest things ever, I've never had a pair nor will I ever....
Steady as a preacher, free as a weed.
People keep leaving and I keep getting new polos.
sounds like something that (I imagine) does on a daily basis. Seen him edit in photo pit before next band goes on.
I'm thinking about doing a hosting tour, you guys know any good features and headliners I could bring along?
To have and keep an empowering integrity requires a lifetime
#NewYork #Jets fans: what do you think about possibly getting Tebow? Avg Jets tix last yr were $172
I love White ppl
follow on his summer journey ... nyc will miss him this summer.
looks like you were hacked homeboy
I'll get a move on.
Be careful with Newt. Man who marries his mistress creates an opening in the position!
Dear #DC, today's #weather, much better. Thx.
theme for this years #getready #syep #job training placement initiative 'got the hookup'? We help ppl find jobs and help them get #skills!
Adele is gorgeous!!
crazy after party . Makin hella connections for
Really? Toy Story?
No Mac version, looks like :(
I'll sit with ya
thats such an aries comment lol
#supportlocalmusic Live with a few long songs.
really behind on homework, goodnight
When you go to download an app and it says "this app is not compati
being a loyal Gunner like we are deserves a reward. SHOW THIS TEXT - you and/or a special some get 50% off any spa service
RT : What does "women's health" mean? Which topics are and are not being discussed? Join our #HAchat at 3pm EST to talk
#HappyBirthday #DukeEllington Born April 29, 1899. His 50+ year career performing #American #Music inspired musicians of all genres.
The sky is gorgeous @ this time
Unholy hell, I've never even heard of Attack of the Vegan Zombie! HOW DID I MISS THIS??
FRI it's Wausau, WI at Malarkey's Pub. SAT it's Green Bay, WI at The Crunchy Frog. SUN it's practicing sitting in a van.
Always great to see you ! It's a small world!!!
#rebhan Comfortable earnest. LIked how you concluded, too.
OMG remember Jesse McCartney? Wow I loved him
shmhgsasfhjlhhvsaaaahhhhhh so excited for tomorrow!!!!!!!
wish i would have did some things different in my life ..If I did probably wouldnt be in this predicament
I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time
Any momentum #Romney has gained over the past few contests is slowly being eroded as he loses the South.
I've had three techie wins in one night here! Feeling very blessed that I don't need to buy more computer equipment after all!
Aubrey Huff at second base? Nice job, Giants. Just blew a routine play in 10th inning.
trying for both. Allen is on at 10:15 so probably that before lumineers? Gotta see what casbah set times are.
thanks for the free socks ! they freakin rock!
Glee ended great. But Glee Season 4 is gonna go HAM
all college athletes and college fans follow
hell yeah fuck everyone else
Today's positive goal: organize my home. Out with the old, in with the new. Only way to see improvement in your life is 2cleanse it all <3
<<<EVERYONE GO FOLLOW 3
The one that talks forever?
posted, there is no reason on earth why success will be far from your grasp.
Congrats to the greatest assistant curator!!! She is officially a violet graduate! So proud
doh! #capfringe12 we having been burning the midnight oil over here...
#askzayn mosques in turkey walked before
Leonard: You can get more flies w/honey. Sheldon: You can get even more with manure. What's your point? <-- lol
True love = Fergie's dress. Rihanna's dress is gorg, but her hair = true disaster.
I would so totally support that!
we need to send Dan off in style. What should we do?
Tickets are available now! $10 and all funds go to Children's Cancer Fund of NM. Come see some fantastic kids supporting a wonderful cause
The emerging #kodm productive problem seems to be metamodeling (as opposed to fixing existing best practices, for example)
will perform in the big room at 3p! Don't miss 'em playing a and gig tonight at Rumba Cafe!
she's a puppet.
MT : Newson says release has "absolutely nothing" to do with timing of recall election, didn't consult w/ Gov. before release.
RT : So we spend hundreds of billions of dollars on war, defense, military but 1 on 6 homeless people is a veteran??
Team Obama want #BrianWilliams as the moderator for all presidential debates
I may have to undergo surgery, but I pray that they just inject my knees b/c I don't wanna miss any shows this summer.
Hopefully it gets fixed! Lately my Macbook Pro won't wake up from sleep and I have to hold the power button down!
Pathbrite CEO is showcasing next gen #eportfolio and #knowledgegraph examples. Awesome!
RT : If God Answers ur Prayer, He's increasing ur Faith. If He Delays, He's increasing ur Patience. If that's a great one yo...
oh , i have one coming up to , i wish you luck !
It's gon' be that 1 Houston girl at 's show who's like "f*ck it" & will either a) spraypaint on a dress; or b) wear something see-thru
I got a puppy! Your dog and my dog should get together!
- Re: Dexter...Showtime version or network version?
Next Monday: an EXTRA SPECIAL (hence the caps here) Tailtime! Author/Illustrator Derek Anderson will be here! Party starts at 10:30am!
Yea iv been with his since he put his first video, and i will be with him till he takes his last breath.
"Simplicity is making the journey of this life with just baggage enough." -Charles Dudley Warner
Can't find your locker? Member lockers have now moved from the south side to the gallery by the kitchen and conference studios!
I'm sure they do bro. Hope we can all do Disneyland 2gether.
and something about getting a chance or something like that
TOMORROW we say "Relax...it's Monday" open bar for ladies noon-1pm plus & spinning
Goin to work phoneless...this is gonna suck
we moved to Brookes Ave just above Balboa Park! Great street.
see you Wednesday? Call me
no not yet let me do it now
Hope it went well. Looking for beer in Baltimore? Try Quarry Wine Spirits.
still wondering why they should pay big bucks for the story her lawyers fabricated that we heard for free
Finished test only had 4 questions
happy birthday Milli! Much love!<3
Hell yes it would! We just have to tell all of our Ohio friends about them & make a concert promoter book them!! :)
I find it hard to believe there are actually people who get in the shower first and THEN turn on the water.
Take a couple pics if you can
Glad you feel this way. RT: “: Ians pizza is sorta super fantastic:) #yum #fatty”
Just because she's pretty doesn't mean your ugly!
can u please tweet it to Me!!!
Two things I treasure most in life are: 1. being psychoanalyzed by an amateur, part time psychologist; 2. Sarcasm.
The assistant coach's job is never done...
Always! ;P
Test in 24 hours got to study, need more caffiene
Not a good sign. I usually heart delta. United my #1 though. Gold w/ them.
Facebook just upgraded us to the timeline format! Our page will be looking rather different in the morning...
Thanks! Did you win the past round?
aw.(: your a cutie <3333
People of color: you can refer to me as a "Caucasoid American".
My birthday is May 25th just a reminder. I like gift cards,cake,tater-tots & doing comedy!
the hamster wheel. Fascinating correlation-Moving real fast but going nowhere.
seems legit. Is there an automatic orange peeler out there somewhere?!
No one wants to hear this, but sometimes the person you want the most is the person you're best without.
awesome night! ready for a great day of ultimate tomorrow
CELTICS! #IAmACeltic Now I can shower! Ah awesome night!!!
Watching the Heat game makes me want to ball up. It's been too long.
Still can't get over how satisfying Spike Lee's pout face is.
I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now(; let's get to number 1! #RolexOnKROV (:
I don't wanna wake up ):
Headshot Tip: Book your session in the afternoon so you can sleep late & look rested the day of your shoot!
very cool! Once a Simpsons fan, always a Simpsons fan
Nothing reminds me what a klutz I am like clumsily fumbling around the new interface.
I hope this bitch didn't just tweet about me.
I wann u to suck my cockiness and eat my persuasion!!!! And slurp my cum afta....
Found my pink high top chuck taylors, #MyBabies <3
dance tonight!:)
perfect love is not loving a perfect person but learning to love an imperfect person perfectly
Central Oregon sports fans: keep an eye on former Sisters High standout Cory McCaffrey. His PSU team gets a shot at national power TCU.
"In the arms of an angel..." *turns channel*
OMG i LOVE austing single!!! <U+2665> I MADE MY MOM GO TO WALMART AT 1 AM TO GET A ITUNES CARD!! <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
And it will be a great chapter. Stay strong and game on RT: : On to the next chapter of my Life
Yes! Especially if it was "DIRK" instead of "R805."
Want or germaine to win but mostly julliette
It's always fucking deflections man...
your lil chris
Coolin watching without a trace...
Dear aphids:You're really going after my honeysuckle this year.But I will get every one of you covered in soapy water & you will #ruetheday!
Up to 81% Off Infrared Body-Contouring Wraps in Studio City, okay Groupon what is this this isnt real
NAB day one. Hope to bring you product pics and info as the day goes on.
#DIRTYCASH going in in tonight w DJ Herbert Holler !
and like he somehow transfers godlike powers to D-Rob while he recovers
everything is worth fighting for if you believe in it.
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.21
Spending weekend with MOM and DAD.
good morning y'all! hope everyone had an amazing weekend!
Working mothers suffer less #depression than moms who remain at home.
Congratulations Geordie Klueber! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
In my experience, OCR has always been a bit, off. Never matched up to pretty tight dating in the Black Warrior Valley in AL/MS
“Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer.” -Romans 12:12
I give them defined faces. Sometimes its with familiar faces and some I don't recognize. But always a face.
Who knew watching a bunch of people study for a chemistry exam would be soo entertaining? lolz
i mean the film, the city or the craving?
Hey if Bret Farve retires he can come run the Monumental!
I am thoroughly convinced that, with practice, the focused mind can see the beauty that exists in any and every moment.
land rover discovery/defender alloys ?
KD just fought back from 14 down now just down 8
Reminder that #GradBash tickets are on sale after school in room 233 for $110!
haven't seen you on Chelsea lately : ( Miss you. still want you to get your own show!!
home watchin the avengers wit vince saba hasann and his cousin
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo WAS HOW I TIE MI SHOEE
whered did you find this sign?
lmao I'm sure your still hittin that reefer. "KAYKAY"
On stage - drive on stage on a rocket bike.
people plzz follow me
yeah, I think that's why it's taken so long to hit national media. not good for pitt or all other edu institutions.
we are an online/mobile app to help people recover after a disaster! Check us out, can we send you some info??
Let him who is without 35mm preservation negatives, cast the first stone
Last two months have felt great..proud to look back with no regrets.
Fyi :) RT : Don’t travel far for food. Visit FoodTruck! 1-3p Courtyard Marriott / 4-8p Google Lot
Twitter's so not cool anymore..
But you didn't have to cut me off, make out likely never happened and that we were nothing.
Joslyn, you're outfit is amazing! :D
Don’t miss the opportunity to: learn How to Improve Health and Stability
However, the season rating cannot be too specific as toleration of cold varies from person to person
it's so interesting, isn't it? I played Colson's secretary in #AllthePresidentsMen! 1st film.
People that bite their nails <<<
I think my pool is open now I better go and check it out before kids pee in it
Now thinking combo pizza will never be the same.
Crap my sleeping schedule is so messed up.... I'm so awake right now.
It's unconscionable that 45,000 people in the US die every year because they can't afford care.
thanks. I'll make sure I get you a book. In LA now until Thursday night.
yep! we moved in last week and it's amazing!!!
With the 1st pick in the 2012 MLS SuperDraft, the Montreal Impact select F Andrew Wenger, Duke U.
YES!! I woke up to a urine-free bed! Just 2 more tasks to complete today and this weekend will be a total success.
Just want to thank for enriching my life with your service. Love it!
your not strong without a king in its place. You (women) are our (man) responsibility...
Great ride with yesterday. Thx 4 waiting for me! I really did run all away across the plaza. Ride w these guys, they're great!
Between what I suspect is a fresh pile of dog shit on the lawn and the wind factor, I'm rethinking this front porch office thing.
I've been trying for a reply for weeks now so please answer this one question: what's your fav color(s)?PLEASE REPLY!!! :)
I like not working the city...black people never tip
Great snooki and j-wow coming to jersey city -____-
at the bar just put David Bowie by phish on the jukebox straight because your my brother
Sad that a Jane Eyre clip is the most of Michael fassbender we can hope for
thanks for following me! I can't wait to move to Denver!
Absolutely, Dutch is fine. Cataloging librarians should not be limited by language.
I just KNEW that McLouth play was going to come back and bite the Bucs in the ass.
So excited to have Kristi Dunlap on board! Already seeing great changes ahead.
What would life be like without chocolate? I can't bear the thought.
They just mentioned One Direction on Today Tonight on their story about Australian iTunes rip-offs!
Birthday shout out to !! Have a great day. You deserve it.
I'm interested in reading a post about your creation process for a lettering project. Fav tools/equipment used, inspiration...
Everytime I see a trailer/news for the Hunger Games movie I get intense chills & goosebumps..EVERYTIME. I'm so excited omg.
I barely tweeted today and I got 14 new followers :)))))
Bike update: 1st coat of paint is drying as I type. Gonna do the 2nd coat tonight right before bed, then all I'll have to do is clear coat!
Flight 2 lady told me all about her husbands golf something or other in Holland and her kids and and and.... You're lucky.
Great post. That part about the research yourself and how to change google results could be another post.
I heart cady groves. "murder" is prob. my fave song by her. and.... bullying is for the weak.
because i knew you, i have been changed for good. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
NP. Thanks for pointing out the typo. Embarrasing, but fixed now. Could you use our complimentary annual subscription?
Thanks to the attendees of last night's #MSMP event at MillerCoors! We'll see you on Nov. 17 at the Bradley Center.
The struggles I'm facing, the chances I'm taking. Sometimes might knock me down, but no I'm not breaking.
thanks David omg! What happened to all our teams in Worlds? Wow! Just Finished watching. US, Can, & Swed. Meatballs.:(
I am fine, Thanks, How are you? Long time no call, no see. What's new?
this isn't good :( its not even 1
Cold. “: at IS8 (queens,ny) & old school dude asked.."At LSU was Chris Jackson that good or were we watching an illusion?”
you sure?
Man on phone at airport, "I NEED some barstools."
well spoken
rli when? what day?
Lol about to play. catchphrase!
RT : RT #volunteertrends volunteers want lots of manageable assignments, but they want them one at a time
omg , heartattack . my volume was on max !
hey hey buddy claude~ good morning and have a great day <3
John Carter of Mars... Surprisingly amazing! Hope to see some sequels
My house is the most hectic place anyone could ever be. I wish I had some other place to go when i needed to be alone and think
my sister's screech if I even come in the room. Even wild birds have targeted me before lol I try and steer clear when possible.
Thanks love! :)
The One That Got Away...
last evening before graduation, babysitting Professor Luciana's lil daughter Isabella... and drinking a double-cupped coffee, of course
Here is the link where you can sign up for my #Acting & #Modeling tips and receive your special bonus. Sorry about that!...
Nope. Not today.
Higuera continues to be uncharacteristically wild. Two more walks and Canseco drives home Javier and Phillips with a hit. Tied at 5.
Sometimes I miss living in flint
lol maybe....and ok
*roars laughing*
Locked out of the house
Leaving memphis going to new orleans
TODAY! Celebrate women in medicine at the Biomed Library at #UCLA today from 12-1PM. Light refreshments will be served!
Is it time yet? I'm craving a good midday blackout sesh
Am I a bad "pet parent" if I laugh when the cat tries to jump from the countertop onto the china hutch & misses?
wanting to be homeschooled so you can be like austin.
please RT our last tweet for applicants!!!
Working in my new project: secret.
$49 a month to take yoga, mat pilates & cardio classes. Over 100 classes offered each month! www.eastvillagebodyshop.com
#IUsedToLikeYouBut But I Realized Your Never Going To Change
dawned on me to how #yoga is like #mediation - gotta make yourself comfortable in uncomfortable situations.. hm.. gotcha thinkin?
yay my friend Melissa started there a few weeks ago, congrats!
- jasmine needs to stop swinging her Remy everywhere .
You get tickets?
What's more illegal, Kermit? Briefly inconveniencing Jack Black? Or Destroying the muppets??
Okay I can officially say it! There are three different engine manufacturers in the top 6!
The Revolution won't be televised. YouTube, maybe... Twitter definitely! But TV... No. Not now-a-days! ;–L
Survived 4 days in
Sun is shining here in Seattle.
What matters: health, love, and your mission in that order.
Kobe vs Westbrook is the key series. Russ will take Durant out of the game trying to out play Kobe. Lakers in 6.
To RNG- what's your favorite pitbull song
And we can't 4get the ladies who will be the 1st faces of the Bellargo Women's Collection!
I still believe in Baron Davis. I think he'll come up big when it counts if the Knicks can get to "when it counts".
We just had an
i need to find more friends that are beliebers :/ most of the people in my high school are haters. its so annoying.
looks like it might be a long night for the cowboys.
Just over nine minutes in and #Badgers only have one turnover against the #Orange, who specialize in steals
Got 2 free round trip airline tickets because they fucked up our flight outta Denver! FUCK YEAH! bring on the hipster festivals!!!
you kids get a room (;
Left me with a heavy heart..
“: shout out to the girls who suck dick every weekend but still make it to church every sunday” aka girls at my school.
“: One more spoon of cough syrup now, uhooh” thirsty.. Wednesday?
Every time I leave my LA office and go to Newport Beach the Dow drops +200 points!
I'll take that bet and a Chicago deep dish RT Mayor's bet on that? I would like In'n'Out Burger for the wager.
working on selling some stuff today. bookcases, entertainment center, cabinets, wine rack, etc. posting on craigslist like mad!
Heat tureens are hereafter sucking in popularity- tureens
Being able to touch so many people through my businesses and make money while doing it, is a huge blessing. Magic Johnson
fsohio is not coming in in my area
Can you tell me how the essays are? Please and thank youu!(:
I had a 630 meeting this morning. Yep long day!
If your following you shld tell ya followers to follow if they want TAP
If you need a SMILE...take one of ours!! Have a great day!
A word is dead When it is said, Some say. I say it just begins to live that day. - Emily Dickinson
Headed to The Horseshoe to perform today's Paper Machete. Starts @ 3 - come out - Its fun! Rated best comedy show of 2011 by Chicago Reader
Twandering - has that one been invented yet ? As in the 'obligatory twander'...Ha ! Almost sounds dutty ;-)
Wonders why so many of MKE skaters are basically frat boys on wheels. Grow up and act right for fuck sake!
Trying to get used to the MK14 in CoD: MW3, single shot... not bad though... 20-5 in my last team deathmatch with it...
ppl still think this is the wade of past gotta get over it in this moment he's the most inconsistent heat
#HowAreYouAThug but u look like a
hey, i am trying to join tiny chat but it is not letting me
“: "Pooping to Yanni." #unclegary #memories hahaha” omg he is my favorite person ever.
kool..I tweeted them all. Also Bollig.Ben Smith, Carter Hutton, & Asham. Lol...check & see later or tomorrow if they RT.
good got, finishing my degree this year, thinking of going to boston for a matters in nutrition communication
congratulations Chad!
then WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU WRITE THAT SHIT !!!!!!!!!! Hahahahahaha just kidding
And the wealth shall inherit the earth.
In a statement, Zuckerberg reminds critics, "Looks, I spend $1B on start-ups the same way most people buy socks."
I love listening to Lex and Charlotte's battle over and over. I also love to listen to Pip and Erin Willett a lot.
Whats the over/under on how many times LLCool J will lick his lips.
whoa what?! what the?! We talk all the time on skype! AND a friendship is a two way street! U never call me!!!
Awkward moment when you get out of the shower & there's people over... O.o
Ora's Paul Gomes to present "Allergic Conjunctivitis Models: Past, Present and Future" @ the Allergy Drug Discovery & Development Conference
I saw you on earlier talkimg about google drive... Great Job!
Young the Giant (can't wait until July!), M83, Florence + the Machine, and Two Door Cinema Club are some
The theme of this years warped tour = screeming. Where did all the pop punk bands go?
should start studying for my economics test ...
..."and the Oscar goes to... N. Koreans for violently crying for the cameras while motherfucking Kim Jong Douchebag in their minds".
Use the comments section of the survey to suggest another map option that you prefer.
Brands: #Pinterest has an easier way to report copyright infringement now. Use it & most importantly, be aware of it.
After 5 long months we take possession of the new studio today! Very excited...
Follow ...... Big things Coming Soon!
Dr. Wendy Walsh tells that weak people use guns to massage their sense of fear. #falsepower #watchCNN now
#WilDChildZ #ICONiacz #GRANDerz anyone got plans today tell me
prostitution was her choice. If she can't handle it then she should pick better profession like idk contributing to society
Haha people on here really buy followers its called get the fuck out the house and meet people buy followers fuck that
why thanks, much appreciated... I dont need another autographed copy of M and D. Its all yours :)
This week is going by kind of fast
sorry for assuming, but yes I was talking about it. Haha I think every kid had a obsession with it. I still like it. Im lame ik.
Take life with a grain of salt, a slice of lime, and a shot of tequila :)
How do you guys feel about frequent contests? Chances to win boxes of contacts, valuable coupons, and even #cash? :)
Actually I'm not really using twitter anymore :S
A Very Du Brut Christmas tonight at 8. Come down to Canal Club and stay warm!
Tomorrow's h.Bytes at Google DC HQ is officially sold out. Looking forward to a great visit!
I have a freshman formal coming up and I'm so gonna have them play #IFeelLikeDancin'! :) Everyones gonna love it!
I'm done with The Talk. I tried to watch today but Im sorry to say w/o you and Leah the show sucked. I'll stick 2 the View
Ladies, if you want to meet someone, visit & check into a sports bar. Odds are in your favor, high spike in users today watching football
oh, congrats on your poster! I have one, too. We should meet in person at #mlanet12. :)
“: Wanna go for a run? How about an easy 10. Miles, not minutes. #runchat #runnerds #running #runner” sounds great!!
YES! RT : Hello everyone: I'm a packer for life. It will never change. Go Pack Go!!!!
: Milania say sorry to her". : "I have gum in my mouth " dying ! I love that kid !
listening to old demo songs, and thinking they easily are as awesome as what actually got recorded. lets make more music...
11:11 I wish doesn't move but still succeeds in his signing<3
I arrived to a home-cooked meal just now! Such a lovely surprise. :) Thankful for being provided for.
YA I COULD
Anyone else watching football?
that is funny! the 2 go so well together, seems there are many similarities between weather and the ground. (and us "talkers")
An act of service is an act of love and trust. It<U+0092>s also an act of responsibility and of courage a stand for the integrity of human life.
AMAZING JOB TONIGHT AT TEEN HOOT YOUR AMAZING I LOVE YOU
it was my cousin's and it broke :(
<3 you know that girl, Ally Balkey? Shes cute.(:
whatever you say .
What happens when museums become event driven rather than exhibition driven?
I'm going domestic lady cook later
Just downloaded Gimp, and it was really easy to do what I needed to do!
Very cool shot! Happy Holidays :)
we didn't get Spanish hw right ?
My girl is beautiful, she takes care of me crazy good, I'm keeping this one
Lights please lights please .
I am on there now! Finally!
FDA Plans to Cut Antibiotics in Food Animals
Haha true that! Too bad I can't see emojis tho :/
Just wanted to welcome Amber, the latest Member of the Moiko Records Artists Network. Thanks for Joining Amber
“ School bound”
": You're doing well tonight nerd fights at once and " damn I can't see the other one
So apparently, my doctor thinks I may have mono?!
I think it gives new meaning to awesomely bad. But OMG are the drawings hilarious. Especially the guy with the sperm laser beam
SURPRISE!!! "'Avengers 2' Is Officially Happening: Disney Announces Sequel Is In Development" #huffpost Cha-ching!
i've said it before and i'll say it again- i believe you're psychic - thank you for all your support Jeedo!!!!!!
thats funny, i just always thought my butt was shaped like a water bottle
Lol RT If athletes get athlete's foot, what do astronauts get? Missile Toe Ar ar ar
Cleveland Renaissance - we believe!
we must get pumpkin spice lattes when I get back to Nash!
then I'll pick you up and carry you on my shoulders right back where you belong .... Above everyone else
Glad you liked the story. I'm from West Bloomfield. I went to State my wife went to U-M. Good to see you last night.
ok, if you ever want to come down let me know. We workout at 1230 most days.
Dark Almonds #NastyAF <<<<<
Going to have to do a taste test challenge of who's coffee is better now! vs
I'm Mexican and I've had enough of him too. Should've been an all-time great for us. Bad outweighs good for me.
GoodNight/Morning twerps *muAhh
Lol ": I'm sick of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they're goin', and hook up with them later."
I support Obama's views on marriage equality. Way before he did. I just don't understand y govt is involved in it to begin with.
yea good job dude. I had a nice 3 under.
lmao. Remember the setting drill? XD
Amazing win !!! Respect to the Bruins for pushing it to 7.....actually, F BOSTON! Yall win a title every few years.
Time goes by so fast :)
My Twitter doin that dumb shit again...ent let me tweet dammit..
yeah no doubt. I think he's p solid, but some tweeps were comparing him to Obama and I got scared.
My nerves just got supa bad.. My hand n arm a weak, n my stomach is turnin flips.
What an INCREDIBLE week teaching Leadership Skills w/ AMAZING women! Great to see but wish I'd seen here more!
Whats up man? What's your friends twitter handle? I'm going to connect him with my friend to do a collab.
Why am I here?
LOl .. You always crack me up .. Hope you are having a fun night in LA like i am in Orlando .. hehehe :)
How old were you when you wrote your first song?
you do look super Asian with the bangs...
This is going to be a great series. But I AM NOT any kind of fan of either team. Got it?
You want it put your name on it.... Cake, cake, cake, cake...
First official day of my half-marathon training plan!!! Cross your fingers for me!
Rise and shine! #NACUA conf. in San Fran kicks off today with New Lawyer Workshop this morning and Gen Counsel Roundtables this afternoon.
Time to circle the wagons Saints fans!
Totally remembered all of the words to
Timeline going live on my Facebook is the only unlucky thing that happened to me today. WAY TO RUIN MY GREAT DAY, TIMELINE.
Melvin is sharing how seeing the camp made him realize how cruel people could be, and how we can never let it happen again.
Last night's #SundayJazzLounge was GREAT! crushed it! (like I knew she would); SJL Sunday 4/3, still only $5
Was that the first time you flew?
4 hours of sleep...think I'll be a bit of a grouch for a bit today...smh
Came away from the office Christmas party with a wine rack, $50, and a screwdriver. Awesome.
Love & life is such a beautiful thing. Especially when they go together. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Coverage of #scprimary this afternoon Radio at 4pm after polls close. #prairiehomecompanion will start at 6pm.
Fingers crossed they don't fuck up and change the TNA title at this week's tapings. I want Bobby Roode to break the record.
idk I guess not but whatev:(
Ling on SM:We have this burning desire 2 b liked. It's exacerbated & perpetuated all these insecurities I had when I was younger.
What To Do ? Ugh I Need To Go To Target Today -____-
nothing like fatty milk when the girls are away. I like a half and half - whole milk blend.
Why don't you come & take a sip with me?
hope all the soldiers come home safe and thank your for serving out country!!
The priest just told Milady that everyone in the family is loco.
In my life, I've lived, I've loved, I've lost, I've missed, I've hurt, I've trusted, I've made mistakes, but most of all, I've loved
You Never Ask Me To Take A Picture Widd You "/ Lol
thanks :-) Follow team
Follow me neighbor. Pwease
tweet of the year!!
This Happy Hump Day is brought to you by Wednesday, who wishes to remind you that in two days it'll be Friday. Thank you!
Happy thanksgiving!! Ate way to much!
Smile when in pain, smile when troubles pour like rain and smile when someone hurt ur feelings. Cause smiling always starts the healing.
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Chilean wines are great - keep it coming!
eat your heart out.
Remem it's an open house from 5-8pm tonight so no res required. Just stop in for drink & taste amazing balsamics & oo from around the world!
hey hey buddy caroline~ good morning~ love you so much my dear buddy~ have a fab day and take care <3
Agreed. They always have all the Mississippi releases Mississipi sells out of. Fairly priced, etc. East Side Deli rules, too.
Nice Guys Don't Get No Play ! Hot Heads Get The Time Of Day !
Making up nicknames for people you don't know but see all the time. Like the taco lady:D
It's still hopping here! Come on down!
Hope everyone has some fun and get home safe tonight Baby!
flopping is not allowed in the #nba go to San Antonio if you want you want to be a real
Malzahn used to be the OC @ UofA but left for Tulsa b/c of tensions between him and the athletic department don't think he wants that again
I love lamp. I LOVE LAMP.
This guy with a stache singing at Silverlake Lounge looks like your uncle.
#bookaday ZAPATO POWER FREDDIE RAMOS ZOOMS TO THE RESCUE by Jacqueline Jules Like this series.
tomorrow is gonna be GREAT < 3 cant wait bitchhs!(:
It's about time !
Overheard at the pool: "Did you hear? Per Se got a B." "Good!"
all of those things sound awesome! We have free House Of Blues tix if u wanna come out. Show is Sept. 5th.
There's nothing better then my caramel brûlée and a cigarette in the morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Writing is what you do when you are ready and acting is what you do when someone else is ready. -- Steve Martin
I really DISLIKE foul bitches!.
so you're having fun then?
Spoonbread Festival in Berea, KY starts tomorrow. Visit Stamp To Cope booth 113
Final Congrats to KS for best picture! And apologies for posting Christian Bales win 2 min before it was announced! Thanks Twitter!
We're thinking of starting a kickstarter for season 3. What would you guys like us to give you as incentives?
#HappyBirthdayMamaMahone!!!! I hope she has the bestest day ever!!(: <3
Looking for a chill lounge with great drink prices? Come into ...4949... (Santa Fe Station) in Las Vegas.
Off to GITCO meeting....
When Amc invites me to watch their godfather marathon, thats an offer I can't refuse
there album is off the charts!! I luv them uncle Simon waz so right to put them together!!
Agree, wish we played SD or PIT every game RT Matt Kemp... best player in baseball right now? I have to say yes.
Why in the morning...? See Matt 6:33 = Seek ye first the kingdom of God, & his righteousness; & all these things shall be added unto you.
definitely a blessing g, hopefully I land one after graduating this coming spring
NICK BABY OMG
'There are worse bands than Nickelback... maybe.' - The Black Keys (it's an Ohio vs. Canada rock n roll showdown)
lololzz made my day.nighhhtty night
#MajorProps to the it was great meeting you all this week at #projectlove we were inspired by your amazing project : )
Can't wait for some playoff action! #Blueandyellow!!
Marriage is pretty gay, but gay marriage is some pretty serious shit.
My theory is that these are not really live birds but little computers designed to make us feel special. hehehe
Going to Alfonso's in La Jolla for birthday margaritas!
I have extra you can use I'll bring it
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to reading your tweets!
“: did she get preferential treatment because of her skin pigment?”. <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00A2>This is UNCOOL!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00A2>
In a fit of unbridled enthusiasm, Trevor and Dan shaved their heads on Friday night. Does anyone think Spencer and Danny should follow suit?
awesome. what university?
There is audio up of actual shit sounds being texted. "Shats R Us" is the the Featured Bit: www.freekshowradio.com
Started Advanced Seminar readings. 2012 Advanced Seminar is going to be outstanding.
Congrats to our good friend Leesa and her husband on the birth of their baby boy Wyatt. We can't wait to meet the little guy! :)
Bout to HEAD TO MR. SMITHS DT SF< roll thru downstairs Ill hook you up!!!
yea too bad I missed THAT was quite the mess..
iDont Want It! iNeed It And It Would Complete My Life!!
I've had it for a few months now. I like it. i just wish more people used it.
Talking about opportunities...open your mind to the possibilities!!!
It seems as if Mitt Romney had a very clear and strong message last night. Is he ready for the fight of his life?
at least it's the right color!
"The HERO in the American Tradition is the man who stands up to the mob...not the mob" - Author on NPR this morning.
Would you recommend reading 50 Shades of Gray? You two are brains I trust. haha ;)
Hurling something across the room is probably not the best way to win an argument... but it can be immensely cathartic.
I will have the archive up later for the unfortunate ones who missed this awesome chat.
Do tell...
i know but he had more swag than quannah he had a little blowout with cargos, long socks and vans with an I LOVE HATERS shirt
Who does your labels? They are always great.
haha, agreed! Happy day off!
I doubt it lol. I just thought it'll be funny to add somebody with my last name.
!!! RT : I hate Vick so much in madden
You're amazing and beautiful and gorgeous and flawless. Nobody can compare to you. I love when you smile.
You are welcome america ": (OH at #shk12) a new drink: the "hamlet," a gimlet that doesn't quite know what it is"
hahahaha completely understandable
Hey erin!! RT: Hello hangover!
really grateful for the #lodlam presentation in the #megadata session. Great overview of how LOD and RDF works.
I can't find it online yet, but if I do I will share!
just reading an artical and it said a group of girls told niall he shouldnt be in One direction! Like wht the hell RT if u love niall.I do
mamas boy i love that song justin
Looking for new business? We've passed over $125k this year - not including Q3. Take part, shoot me a message -
A family is a place where minds come in contact with one another. If these minds love one another, the home will be as beautiful as garden
It's been two years since Dr. Height passed, but her influence continues.
Well i have an android.. but i say iphone :P
Too long a day at work.......ready to leave
So did Santa get you your favorite team gift?
Keep it up, it's a great book, no matter what "they" say.
you use nothing in your hair? or something else? hows that going?!
Perfect day. Perfect weather. (:
Thanks for the follow &
NICE ;D I might be there. & I was suppose to keep my mouth shut doe. :c sowwwy.
According to spox Ben Meyers, around 85 arrests during #MayDay protests in NYC
please help me understand why you are "worried" that people want to play poker online
I think they're next to each other on most phones and computers. Aren't they? #qwerty hope your day is going well!
Moth Radio Hour: melding my passions- radio, stories, museums. AAM headed in right direction if storytellers are keynote speakers!
yea so much dancing epic jumps and flips and wowwing extremlly dangerous actions
Can we fast forward to the weekend please !
Great night with friends and now a movie :)
A Fool and his money can throw one heck of a party.
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once...
We've added some more good old Pop Punk to the September 28th show! Check out No Good News with Patent Pending and Set it Off at The Hall!
HOLY SHIT. so i'm just chillin here at my computer...and then i look out my window, & there's like...this fuckin...flock of turkeys 0.o LOL
Every time you come around, You put a lightning bolt on my face <U+2764> 3 MONTHS! :D
I never thought so either but so many people say it does lol. Kinda weird ;P
"I'm still memorized by Ian" I AGREE WITH YOU LIL MAMA
#WeirdFactAboutMe I can't touch velvet, I get goosebumps and taste blood in my mouth. Then I spaz out and do this weird scream thing.
woot woot! now we have to teach you how to start uploading pictures & videos.
natural rivals
Catch The Decliners tonight at Kelly's Olympian downtown. 10 p.m.
Think Like Teachers? Some never were, so it's a stretch! Never walked a mile in the moccasins
Can't wait until spring break!! Florida here I come :)
What's your training been like this past week? Are you happy with your progress?
It was good to hearing from yesterday, definitely wanna wish him good luck with everything he's doin!
Welcome to Twitter One of Dimitri's family members attends the b-school. We have sampled the olive oil. Good stuff!
nigga you the villain in every situation
Almost done with a preliminary trailer! If 50 people like this status update I'll post it. :-)
So, someone in the Biden mold, just not as stupid? RT For VP, Romney is looking for "incredibly boring white guy."
The red head ?": Josh be real life thuuurstin for me."
Instead of a bag, it would be more appropriate if Funyuns came packaged in an old pair of dirty white sweat pants with blood spots on them.
My cheddarz so soft my cheese is on top. I probably melt it all diz cheez iz so bomb.
it will be a feat if USC pulls Ty Isaac out of ND, OSU, or Michigan's grasp.
BET Awards this year.... Maybe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
HR Operations Coordinator – Weehawken - 6 months contract immediate start excellent $ As an HR Operations Coordinator in the …
why do you think I'm friends with you ...?? It's cuz you look 12 lol!
": A FREAK gets Freaky with ONE person. But a HOE gets FREAKY with Multiple people -_-" I know a few hoes...lmao
Someone remind fatlock its preseason.": Todd Haley/Scott Egoli put a $2 team on the field. Someone remind him it's..."
I ate a QT taquito the other day and thought of you. Ha ha!
we can do this...
on the plus side, this could mean an early exit for mike b. and maybe the front office will actually do work next season!
Nothing is impossible!
hey Sarah can you follow Me and my personal account?(: please!!?
making India Eisley beautiful for "Underworld Awakening" premiere tonight
Dance going down at 4th annual JUICE hip hop fest at John Anson Ford specially Japanese group!
Almost like the year the ice rink was under the floor at freedom hall.
u know I am
RT Students' accomplishments are *the* best reward for this career choice. // well said!
In St. Louis for the night wish I could stay longer...... At least I get to skate tonight!
Check out. Colored Paper- its a party. Support good music, the movement is
A thing not worth doing isn't worth doing well.
hi Mr Wilson! maybe you and super new could put something together....you guys should chat.
2.5 miles post twisted ankle hiatus.
Would your Friday morning become a little better knowing that is catering the Press Box tonight?
Yay! My B-Day is a month from now :)
The soccer and climbing shoes will be tough because of performance related issues.
#MustSeeMcGee RT : WOW!! Andre Miller with a beautiful half court alley oop to JaVale McGee
Crossing my fingers that I'll be happy not spending extra dough on an SSD drive. I can always add one later. Did get a 7200 RPM HDD.
Seriously, back off bucko? What's next, telling me to "sit on it"? You are an anti-american racist piece of trash.
Where's the light?
Your #car deserves a #spa day! Mention #Twitter to get 30% off any #detail! We're #MOBILE & #ecofriendly! #sandiego #sd #auto (619) 928-4848
Happy Birthday Kevin Bacon
Opensolaris 2009 06 getting better all the time - Car Decoration ...
Badgers win this next game segment and I think they'll win. They have to go to the high post to do it tho. 3 parade ending soon
you're dumb.
Medeco is pleased to announce the launch of its newest installment in the #SmartDeadboltSolutions, the
We've probably seen each other at this or that screening but didn't know it.
Let's do this! See you in 15 in room m100i downstairs.
i love you :)
Keep an eye out for Book Girl & Cabinet Girl (and more) by Jane Wu..
sharing this in our Guidance Counselor Network Meeting this am! Thanks!
Best. Idea. Ever. RT : Or BTO (Brewers Time Off)
nawll I just finished tht paper....did u have to take the exam for human sexuality
S/O to my new followers >>>
Always lovely meeting with the crew!
I feel like homework should be illegal on your birthday
I guess I have holla at me if u have a girl or I just want sex across my forehead...like wth thats NOT me at ALL!
Treat others the way YOU want to be treated.
I play guitar and write music for the other instruments. Do you play music at all?
Worst night of my life: in college, a friend and I decided to drink a bottle of Manischevitz "ironically."
thank you! I have been dying to hear you talk about the book and your presentaion was great.
Really? Deron Williams scored 57 points in a game and made a conference finals. Huge upgrade.
Are you a divorced parent and your kids think you & your ex hate each? Read what I did you try to amend this for my daughter
#DEDICATEDTO BROKE ASS WOMEN AT BARS..TAKE UR THIRSTY ASS TO THE STORE BUY SOME SMART WATER DUMB BITCH
For everyone forget that the heat were 6-0 against this team so far this season...it is hard to go 7-0 against one team in a season..
when I'm on instagram I have to look on twitter and click your links to get to the pic..silly Alice
If anyone just has the notion to bring food to the library, and a simultaneous notion to give it to me, I wouldn't be angry.
Yes I did buy a bucket of grilled chicken from #KFC for myself because I deserve it after those finals!
Le French have a New President
Today's pet peeves: 1) The bootleggers downtown who tried to sell me "advanced copies" of SAFE HOUSE and THE VOW. 2) Disney's lazy (albeit …
Getting ready to fly to DC for
ha! fun for Sam. But then I played until 12:30 a.m. this morning! So glad we could hang after the panel!
checking in from #atxcouncil, where council members have begun the first of their budget worksessions
Internet service down. Life now incomplete. Won't be fix until Fri evening, repair guy better be cute for making live without Internet
Only you would pick up on that subtlety! In CONCACAF...10 goals are possible!
The thing about May in Springfield is that each week gets more intense...so next week, will undoubtedly be a fun one for labor.
.food #vegan great and people nice such !grown theyve much how see to awesome so .lunch at square union at be gonna is snail cinnamon the
I just hate the fact that it's suppose to rain all day today here in Chicago. What a way to spoil #NationalTrainDay! :(
I just wanna be free! from EVERYTHING
I wanna see The Avengers..
give thanks for the follow!
That's really quite lovely!
gabe's titys can beat yours I bet lmao
I don't WANT. I NEED. I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it. I WISH I could just buy it already 2
Don't miss the #jhudc discussion @ 3 about onsite/online experiments at the Newseum
Die young and save yourself.
I did think it was more than a little odd that you had turned into a spammer!
I thought you were pretty, then I got to know you..
I think it'll be an adventure! We shall see...
Whoever Maxwell sings to every night is a lucky individual. OMG.
Do I need to come to Brighton Oaks and Bateswood Manor?
tryna hit the car auction up Feb 7th n 21st???
mile zone the lease of apartments search into codes Of zip on The lease of apartments shows villas house garrets stud :-)
i wish...tell ma i said waddown
- HR Engagement Coordinator sounds interesting. Could we talk offline?
Already? Say it ain't so!
Assembly Democrats introduce a package of bills aimed at strengthening tenant protections.
Congrats on the Dunn-Martel Award !!!
"If given the choice between Righteousness and Peace, I choose Righteousness." ~ Theodore Roosevelt
You know you're pathetic when you get a thrill out of hacking Sungard Banner SSB.
it's why I'm not on here as much as I used to be lol
I wish I had a full tank of gas..
It takes 37 muscles to frown and 22 muscles to smile... Show off those pearly whites! www.kravitzdental.com
- i did. trying to figure out what exactly you were referencing in the tweet you mentioned me in
HERE, YOU FOCUS, SO I CAN SEE YOUR FACES. THE EYES ARE WRONG
Hard to believe anything would beat the wedding speech from Ep.2! RT : Tonight's #LifesTooShort is my favourite ep.
Ford can flat play just needs the ball : Ford with a 23 yard run. Running really hard so far
the quick brown fox jumped past the lazy dog.
Hey everybody!
Thanks for re-Tweeting the message!
Life is trying things to see if they work
thanks man and yeah I'm doing 100 and 4x100 for the running part
I #heardaboutit but wasn't worried about it.
Hoping everyone is safe in the path of #irene :(
girls showing cleavage. that's cool but wonder where's boundary between classiness and vulgarity.
You and me both. But I can't take anymore. Gotta-change-the-channel! I'm overloading on tacky, predictableness
That's the point. They won't know about the sacrifice. Sometimes it's better for them that way.
Good morning fellow NMicans! IIt's beautiful & sunny outside but boy...what a COLD night & morning! Me no likey to wake up to frigid air!
I'm enjoying Neil Postman's book Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business (1985)
's discussion regarding Mullan in Seattle made the mistake of assuming Sounders fans are rational people.
Going to do our office in this stuff so we can kid-proof our school! So neat!!
Tomorrow #boyfriend to be specific
Player of the Year talk! RT : ur boy blew up Sunday.
Time for me to stop being so nice..it's getting me no where
Just packed up my Salvador Dali print of two blindfolded dental hygienists trying to make a circle on an Etch A Sketch.
Delighted to see that _The American Literature Scholar in the Digital Age_ is out!
Here is the person to talk to about ticket prices. Brent Thiessen:
the best QB to ever touch a football. Totally awesome.
I can't believe I picked the right horse. I didn't put money on it, but still. Simply on the name: I'll Have Another
MT staffer, Jeff Knight on front page of NY Times! #wiunion So proud!
Merry Christmas
whoop! drops free 'macadelic mixtape' thanks for the heads up !!!
My brother is the new era Steve McQueen.
Thats what they're saying.. doubt it because management said it would be a good idea to stay single because on cyberbullying
Readying for some Cher UK songs back in KC, MO...can't wait to be back in the triple 1!
depends on what you want? good mexican at matamoros out in brooklyn. burgers out at 67 burger. breakfast at char all BK
God help us... RT : #Virgos are attracted to funny, charming intellectual people.
The difference between a successful person and others is not lack strength, not lack of knowledge,but rather a lack in will. Vince Lombardi
Yes and yes!
Steve Strauss USA-TODAY-SKLZ Rapid Fire "This product is as simple as it is ingenious. The best basketball practice product in the country!"
Home from the gym gonna eat than relax for a little than training!
I swear kanye west version of I Dont Like was Garbage especially the remake of the beat I fuck witcha fam
Here's to six more years-- We're lucky to have you! RT : Today marks my six year anniversary at :-)
Milwaukee Fire Dispatch can finally talk to Suburban & Airport Fire on the county radio system. But don't think MFD mobiles can yet.
Don't take things handed to you by strangers in airports! :-)
Does Anyone Feel Like Giving Me 1,000,000 $ So I Can Get All New Clothes.?(:<U+2665>
Peggy: Now, the Second Office Wife.
RT : Hopefully Roc Nation hired new people in the building.
i aint even mad bro im laughing at your squares that say GIF ### hahahahahahahah
Today, we talked about how to fund our show. suggested blackmail. said no. Email us if you want to help us out!
thanks for the S/O! Pretty impressive group to be added in there with!!
Robert Louis Stephenson~ Sooner or later everyone sits down to a banquet of consequences.
Nothing beats good guacamole
Georg Viktor + Pesmerga? Front line heavy :). I usually use two of them + then Riou as the third frontliner
amen! Couldn't be more relevant today!
Elem. school: eww! you kissed him.. Midd. school: C'mon, kiss! kiss! kiss! High school: Seriously guys, stop making out and go get a room!
No...Your reply to that should be "I hope not"
Well, work in the morning.. got to get some sleep. My weekend is over. Busy week ahead.
follow this girl she's sexy !
Hey did you know there is a 5% cash back bonus at restaurants when you use your Discover Card!?
Going with Keyshawn and the seahawks....Don't trust Cutler!
Best summer of our lives ahead
Lmao! Yea ok...He waiting for his invite from the #AARPCeltics RT : D. Fisher looks like he's in his zone..... #Beware lol
Have a safe and creative holiday break!
follow back? please. <U+2764>
morning austin((:
really, at this stage, no reason not to tag Flynn, is there? Fancy getting the Browns #22, 118.
Clare Coleman: Title X does not cover 100% of cost of health care. Providers scramble to pay remaining costs for low-income patients.
The sad thing is that the Cirque Du Soleil thing may actually be amazing but jaded assholes like me have already deemed it stupid.
Fact: I heart you! Had so much fun hanging out yesterday. A must repeat soon :)
The Orioles traded Don Baylor and two others to the Oakland A's for Reggie Jackson and two others on April 2, 1976.
IMA PUNCH YOU IN YAH FACE :)
love that name.
the woman behind me at the grocery store today had over 20 cans of fancy feast. that was all.
of course i do but i dont want to take a chance on making my wife uncomfortable
Whoa, missing Wendy Chun's talk at #c21nonhuman after being reminded by Nishant Shah to read _Programmed Visions_. Wish I could hear it!
Straight up awesome!
Even? I've always found local news PARTICULARLY depressing.
smmmmh, my eyes fine !!!!
Hotter than tabasco
It is the best single way that I am aware of to save money on airfare
Big #Knicks win over #76ers. 5 game winning streak!
Feeling good this morning. Thank you LORD
bestfriend dancing on the camera <<<
You are welcome.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people. - Victor Borge
Medical sales rep of the future = information concierge. Jill Gilmont @ Medtronic
thanks for the follow up
with rice and beans, plantains and a fresh Cobb salad
Get out of my head..
Helped mom with some errands, and found that someone tossed out some library books.. what to do. Books are in pretty bad condition.
You don't know what you're alive for until you know what you would die for.
Well I'm glad I put a smile on your face you make me smile too
Ahh cant wait till your new album #believe , #muchlove , #makeachange (:
Choppy Bob - coming up!
you still supposed to be on my side. fuck a Switzerland nigga.
I know you killed it
THIS SATURDAY=Tru Artiz's= "GOING AWAY BASH {U.S. ARMY}"=also Roxy's Bday Bash= EVERYONE FREE til 11 *hosted by: BOSS CHICK* @ DEJAVU
giving away drinks at #durkins 810 W Diversey...We buy the Bar
Pretty sure I have every episode of Drake & Josh recorded....... #AnyoneElse ?
Keep on doin' what you do, easy rider.
Sarah Burton Wins ‘Designer Of The Year’ at British Fashion Awards 2011 Alexander McQueen successor, Sarah Burton, has two dresses in
Investing in a new mini follow focus, matte box, and glidetrack for my Canon 5d Mark II. Wish I had more money...
Then you realise that the idea is stronger than the machine because the idea not only creates the machine but makes the machine
I feel for Kara when she is home alone.
His mom thinks I'm really pretty and wonders why guys aren't chasing after me.
I don't know that sounds like a fun guessing game to me.
haha yes she was comedy. it was good seeing you.
The wine is fine.
me too, I would LOVE a long sleeve dark jersey. Why so few?
Thanks for the re-tweet!
Take 2. I believe "there is nothing wrong with a pre-show cocktail." Not Pre School.
Made some album art choices today. Did I mention we're releasing music next month? An EP... Free with admission to the Dec. 11th show.
you can do it! start off with a small one :p
Spending this beautiful day not in class but on the golf course with
lol noo no . He just going around tellin people he single .
Sounds like the bridge at mile 10 is fixed. RT : Thanks for rebuilding the bridge today on Wildwood
#beachboys tribute was amazing and don't even get me started about #adele. love. can't wait for jennifer hudson to sing whitney!
want to test that theory ?
Wait a minute, you LIKE Captain Beefheart and you don't like Small Faces, very, very confusing to me.
LOL. #bossypants RT : you are UNavailable for traffic school on Friday.
NFL lockout is getting out of control.
Man fuck you , you're just going to throw it all away like that! I can't believe you!
“: Man I love those show posters! Who does those for you?” thnx so much! I usually do most of them actually.
Come down and watch the NCAA Championship with us! Enjoy half price bottles wine & draft beer!
Say the wrong thing and wrong girls come runnin'
How do you get tickets for this? and What kind of event is it?
Thank you for the RT. Much appreciation!
I'm grateful for J singing 'Walkin Down The Line' by Bob Dylan upstairs. Even though I'm pretty sure I'm the heavy-headed gal. ;)
Im ur number one fan yes!!!!!! i wish that somedaY i can meet u hopefully u can follow me plz
hmm I can't find u... Lol jk I see u
I wanna go back to our first conversation.
You never know! I get it! I put two books in my purse just to go to a kid's violin lesson where I'm NOT supposed to read!
S/O 2 THANKS FOR FOLLOWING
: yes! Penis shaped food sculptures are sure to get u that raise you've been hoping for!
That's possible... Both those guys are his friends... I'm just glad he didn't bolt out
Check out our new website at www.essentialdata.com
[+] I'd like to a see a citizen's IT review/advisory board as part of the new administration, regardless of who wins.
RT : sometimes when you are the closest to your breakthrough the pressure is the greatest. you have come too far to give up now!
is this Max?
Im not particularly religious, but one of the greatest things about religion is that it makes you look up
yea I'm good bro.. I was try a link up wit n pharris about the demo we was talking bout in the summer
hi what are u sloots doing?
Chipped up a little. 14k after first break.
been there...
I see what u did there
almost seems like they are trying to make an opening to eventually call up Vlad..
Acting like were sleeping so even benge wont come talk to us.
where are you moving to?
Curse of the introvert? I have the same problem. I'm plenty confident in myself, until I have to tell other people.
To anyone that ihave ever encountered..Thanks
nice! What school are you at?
Chuck D: Music echoes the voice of the community.
Craving a burger gonna shake it over to Shake Shack. Yup
Very upset about the passing of Adam Yauch. The Beastie Boys music was a big part of my life growing up. RIP MCA
If you speak about it,, you should be about it not just preach about it all day.!!!
Watching the history of us on the history channel. It's a marathon.
Driveway moment w/ Charles Lewis on
On the boat headed to another platform. Beautiful day on the ocean. Got home for 1 hr today, almost got a nap between jobs
I'm good. Recovering from Toy Fair. :) How are you?
I love everyone simply b/c they are human, but I really don't like a lot of people. I ignore most phone calls and turn down most outings...
Happy Mothers Days to all the deceased parents. My heart goes out to those ones who parents are no longer here. R.I.P
YW and TY for your posts - and have a great weekend too - what's left of it....
#whenpeoplesay Metro instead of Subway in NY I Chuckle and say, no we're in my city now!
Order sent to Emily in NJ!
uk my phone doesn't like me lol hahaha and ur were making a toby duck face!
this bullying situation has become a serious epidemic
As article says, emphasis is very much on education. I recall we tried a domestic abuse case my year.
Now follow -
Certainly not... lol ": I doubt it! RT : Probably more than me! "
So have you ever dreamed of your boyfriend cheating and then wake up mad at him?
Going to B&N and not leaving til half this paper is done.
What to do at the host stand when you're waiting for customers to arrive: give yourself temporary tattoos.
relativity: Why the house feels freezing at 68 degrees in the winter and yet boiling at 68 degrees in the summer.
lol. Yup! Going on about 6 hours for me now. What about you?
right on homeboy
Congrats to and who both were given the secret #CovertTU password! See you both tonight!
Cool, is member #7,900 in the LinkedIn group! Don't worry, he is connected to tech, thanks to his Software Cluster initiative
Still dropping more shit than a pigeon
Oh yeah... what state do u live n??
Yes, Nature, we are very impressed. Now maybe let up just a little...?
“Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep
. Itd be looking like a hoe if all you showed were your boobs! Not to just show us the bathing suit.
Is there a rule that defines what a "High Res" image is? What size constitutes High Res?
What a great way to start my twentieth birthday. A toast of 100 year old Grand Marnier in a brandy snifter. #whatnow?
yay! Can't wait for #m83 to get on stage
Thats so sweet. johnna is the best!
All of a sudden, the web seems a little bit emptier.
Pay day tomorrow! A good time to try out Vitality! With a 30 day 100% $ back guarantee you can't go wrong! Let me know if you're ready!
me too. Ready for the big game? Go CATs
got room for two for lunch?
- Welcome! LUV the GOV! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
I should spite her somehow...
Wow! I will go there post-haste.
: lol I knew you was stunning anyways!
Good Friday to all! Grace & Peace be yours always, but especially today.
I know! and it will be awesome if movie coupons jump out at the same time :)
YRs-it brings back memories.
okay no neck
Did anyone see 's face after that touchdown?
Just got a job woohoo :]
Wonder if SCOTUS will remember they hve lifetime apps & th only effect Obamas statement will hve is 2 galvanize their opinion
RT ... I'll be opening for the boys! Love em! And can't wait! #NOJUSTICE!!!
love you more momma jomma! Let's have a tv date tonight.
Make today an extraordinary day - then repeat tomorrow.
I have no regrets in my life only bad memories..
I praise jeebus that i wasnt a teenager when social websites were up and running, its a tad soul destroying!
Sitting by the window. Leaves fall and flowers bloom. The seasons come and go. Could there be a better life? Zen Poem
How would you use the contents of the StoryCorps archive (40,000+ recordings) if you had full access?
<~ Website Design, Development and Branding for individuals and #smallbiz looking for a High-End Custom Experience!
We'll be giving away gift bags at ladies' night tonight ! It should be a ton of fun!
Are u really a dork if u sit in front of the bus with the old people?1
I followed you :) xox
Today, Cass Tech JROTC will present new American flag in #Detroit City Council chambers during 3pm Military & Veterans' Affairs Taskforce.
Good Morning!
Dang toothache is keeping me up!!! Anyone have any suggestions on what to do for it???
I am always down for midnight showings!!! :)
Today, Feb. 16th is Allgood Spirit Night from 5-8. Come out and show your support for Allgood!
as much as we hate the word official... "officially" signed on for some #websteez and video work...
I'm on my way after dinner to.
I need a nap... But its too late for one now
it's you
If my heart was dying would you save me At least hold my hand If our love was leaving would you could you understand you were always down
I'm back
Haha no the game is godlike. The sleeping schedule out of whack sucks :(.
Can't Wait For Another Live Chat With Ari <3
Lets go Rangers!
unfortunately I set it back 3 years so it gathered everything. Inclduing the time when I was 19 lol
happy 4/20 everyone! GET NICE!
Everyday is a Photo Shoot
Marvin's Room: Mom REMIX - "F**k those jordans that u want so bad, Im not buyin them u better ask ur dad. Im jus sayin u can wear sketchers"
i think the word alive is one of my new favorites.
Listening to Eurythmics-"Here Comes the Rain Again"
I want Jerry to enter my chamber of secrets. The code is 'Tom' <<< LMAO THIS
Congrats!!! Well deserved.
could it be the one dude who was already here when I arrived early this AM?
Turn To You Made Me Cry :')
A friend is a present you give yourself
awesome thanks!
stop tweeting we hate u
Got evacuated from school today for a 5.8 earthquake, best 2nd day of school ever!
haha already on it. You & better come get drunk for my bday this weekend !
Finally making the switch from Internet Explorer to Chrome. Apparently, I've been living under a rock the past ten years.
First Ramma Lamma show w/ our new drummer is tomorrow at Linneman's w/ Mind Spiders and Phylums.
'Black' and 'White'.
U'R WELCOME...GIVE US A S/O NOW AND AGAIN...THANKS 4 WUT U DO...T/F/S...
Happy mothers day to all moms out there! <3 have a GREAT dayy(: -Brooke
Starving but the Rogers guy is here fixing the cable
I've got lots of good Liszt stuff. Sometimes my 19th c. survey ends up being "History According to Liszt."
Down Park about to do the 3 mile walk for the American Heart Association
Please tell me we're getting the Luther Vandross 'One Shining Moment' version tonight.
I wouldn't sell you out like that, nope I wouldn't do so. I have respect for you like a lot.
Thoroughly freaked out a number of grown men today. Blame it on the al-al-alcohol.
About to go to school then practice for baseball today is cut day
thanks for reminding us...thanks for inspiring us!
Idk why she is going on a cruise with the guy she just met at my store... Plus he's married ! Oh lawd.
Looking to hire licensed #estheticians & #stylists for a new spa/salon/retail space in Hermosa Beach area, if there is interest, let me know
Just heard that is going to be in chicago @ the harold washington cultural center on some day.I might go Real close to my house
We all make avoidable mistakes. Here is a tool to help fix them!
trying to brainstorm things for my next video called "i love people." this is so hard omfg
Madness is back and on tour. Ska revival! Anyone remember the Ska Festival at the Greek Theater in Berkeley in 1990?
Had such a blessed Palm Sunday. This is a holy week, honor the Lord and praise Jesus.
I love that feeling of hitting "send" on a good email. Fingers crossed I hear good news back from them! :)
yeah, re: Newt Gingrich attacked Counter protest still happening though, as Kapanke will be there.
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love.
The concert ROCKED!! RT : #FollowFriday The Cast of "Marley Africa Road Trip":
Discipline is remembering what you want.
Okay, Card's David Freese just jacked a two-run dinger... #Brewers now down 5-2. Yo's already thrown 47 pitches.
Soon! RT : when/where is John performing next? The streets is talkin and I think I need it in my life??
Don't miss our special offer: take 3 or more workshops in February and save $25. Deadline Friday, Feb 11th.
can't wait to see you!!!
Grilled Chicken Skewers
Ok, so leg waxing- not that bad & if it actually lasts a month- worth it! :)
Going to Ireland, Oslo and Spain in the 6 weeks holiday
Just watched the night shuttle launch...badass
BETTER ;D
Seriously for 2 seconds, the media suck--NYPD going mad and no coverage
How about someone from presales and solutions?
It was a great event! RT : Working Bowls for Hope was so much fun! Can't wait for it again, next year. :)
Sheep can recognize other sheep from pictures.
this week only-give me 5 vehicles for an oil change and get one free. we come to your for a change
Oh.. Nice day!
#NamesBetterThanIvyBlue Ivy Red
10 tips to beat the ticks
- yeah, much; couldn't get worse; hope you're well; doin DocumentCloud yet?
Working on my fall syllabus for Electronic Discovery at New York Law School....
Make sure you follow back we are onto something big..stay tuned!!
Judge judy is such a powerful jewish women I love her
In that case you shoulda picked up a copy of Moore's Utopia.
The way we see the problem is the problem. Stephen Covey
hell ya those r moments ah!
#CubsOpeningDay finally here!!
Good morning !
We LOVE #WineWednesday! Not only do we have $10 off any bottle of wine, but we also have flamenco guitar from 6:30-9:00PM
Burn off those Turkey dinner calories by shaking it all night Saturdays! The fun starts at 9pm!
up top!!! High Five (smack)
Tonight! Come and see all of the hard work of local artists and friends- don't miss it!
No school, getting braces off later. But can't do shit untill then
Playing this Saturday - a Supper Club with wonderful listening room in downtown LA – Tickets $15 – 8:30pm – 1 set only
If you were selling your #home, would you hire based on a drawing? #banks are doing this to sell some #foreclosures!
Answer: Buffalo. Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo, buffalo Buffalo buffalo. Correction: it's eight times.
This love is so bi polar and unhealthy
Hockey madness and off-season training has begun
Yeah Right...
curious what you run into, I play in a few different communities online.
again..influence on culture...yes...influence on music...no comparison to B&M
Uh foul!
it weird how my Jersey number is 23 n my Three Favorite players that play the same position as me got the same number :-D
you too Melanie. You can text me at 871-7326
Sending a hello to the readers in Indonesia...:)
ur super amazing and super talented :D
Couples Night!
Amen my sister!!! I can't really stand negative people!! Preach it girl!!!
Service was unspeakable from start- end & the overflow was Amazing thank U Jesus!!! Just a bite size: You are more valuable than you think!
Food Fact of the Day:March 19, 1936 Canned beer is sold to the public in Britain for the first time, by Felinfoel Brewery in Wales.
Please please please respond! Cutaway idea- Christina Agulira undressing and she turns out to be like 300 pounds.
Wow. Gold star to whoever took the time to develop the "Boss Mode" content for the March Madness video player.
lol :D you can make it when you have your iPod
Im still in shock..
Get your chili tickets today in HBH Foyer!
Go ! Keep us posted. Would love to see pics...
haha :) that is amazing! was that your first time meeting them? -abbie
Haha you wouldn't say lmao ;) It was all over twitter gurl, calm your tits haha ;D & you're welcome! xo
No pants party of one wbu
hi. I love you and miss you. come visit me :)
My Sinatra,
dont worry about it....
there are going to be hilarious memes about Jason Russel's "public meltdown"
Chillin with my big bro for the day
what now
I'm finally going to Golden this week I'm sure our circles will sometime cross. Have to see Trinity again cause of your rant
lol things are getting confusing and AAAKKKWWWWAARRRDDD
To All who donate a tweet & those who voted 4 won $1k to help #StopChildAbuse & help the kids! Thank you!
going get a 12 inch weave in my head...dont support sixteen inch.
Tonights prsnts & ! LADIES OPEN BAR 10:30-midnight & FREE entry for all on the list!!
where are you going to college?
Why be the SAME when you can be different? That's why AS never makes more than one of a piece. Originality is key!!
they gonna learn today, you are awesome
American Red Cross Haiti Relief Send a $10 Donation by Texting ‘Haiti’ to 90999 You can make a donation by calling 1-800-REDCROSS
RT : Crain’s Chicago editor to write column beginning in 2012: Joseph B. Cahill, editor of Crain’s Chicago Business s......
well u seem so nice on twitter I just assumed. see what I mean?
you get out at 1:39 everyday?
Slightly raining, making the hour drive to visit my parents & Perfect minus the bear weather.
I don't hate Lebron, but facts are facts. I think Lebron had his best year ever this year.
What a great day with the family. I just have to workout extra hard now with all the food I eat.
i need Lauren back. :(
& others stay the same
I'm finally catching up on #CallTheMidwife on #BBCiPlayer, sound is out of sync though.
A wise neuter joins with neither, but uses both as his honest interest leads him.
Thank you. :)
what u doing this weekend?
Thanks! I'm just tired of TP justifying his bad behavior. It riles me up! Lol
wtf?! whose car is that?!
“Excellence can be obtained if you: ...care more than others think is wise; ...risk more than others think is safe; ...dream more than other
I'm waiting for the call
So apparently I folo 2 judges from the exact same Whoopie Pie eating contest. Time to diversify?
How the FUCK is Dirty Work not trending ?!
Enjoyed the Hunger Games. Didn't love it. It worked well enough though. The emotional parts were effective and the action was intense.
Motion to move the Westside Subway environmental documents to the full board passes. See you next Thursday.
I need non cheesy ideas for my bridal shower. Get out of here with all this pink and cutesy stuff. I want GLAM
is wondering, When is it going to be my turn to drive the Karma Bus? I have a couple stops I'd like to make!
that was my girlfriend
Sometimes in life, you end up falling for the person you thought you never would have feelings for
that's great! Sometimes there's a silent msg so pay attention to details not everyone knows how to express their feelings
got it
Who wants DRAKE tickets? ----> does...Good Luck!!
#peopleiveseenlive red hot chili peppers baby!
Night with my Daughter & Husband in Cleveland Ohio. Awesome time.
distance really does make the heart grow fonder...finally seeing my man tonight. could not be more excited!
awesome thank you...
she jus want attention
our house is basically a constant cat/dog social experiment.
Being single is not a bad thing.
unsatisfied with a sandwich..comp'd the more expensive item then took 50% off then offered dessert..wasn't enough
You sound like a Ravens guy lol.Think about it in the last 20 yrs we have to been 4 super bowls and won two of them.
Just saw the dazzling Tara Donovan show at MCASD downtown, be sure to see it before it closes Feb 28. Wonderfully innovative artist!
My boy when is #homecoming for Joey?
OK. "Kimili flash embed" plugin may work. For ease, I'd stick w/utube. Even if u have to upload 2 utube ur self.
Congratulations! Looking forward to hearing more at the Business of API event in London later this month.
I must say that 21 Jump Street had me laughing like crazy.
you don't tweet me! & I don't like that. Haha (:
Idgaf Bout Yall Buddy Thats What Yo Dumb Ignorant Stupid Ass Fell To Relize Your Not My Nigga I Got My Own NIGGA To Be Thinking Bout BOO!
via : "There are only two hard problems in Computer Science: cache invalidation, naming things, and off-by-one errors."
Probably can't be overstated.
David Akers is automatic
i am on the computer like crazy!!!!!!!! :P
I know, right?! I just found and liked yours yesterday when I was trying to put mine together! (blush)
Oh, Coffee.....you're my jam
Excited for tomorrow
Contemplating life in the Shakespere Gdn and Belvedere Castle in Central Pk. One of my favorite places in NYC. It always brings me peace.
PLEASSEE FOLLOW ME? I voted for you guys all last night!!<3
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!#LiveMyLife<U+2665>63
Busy, busy, busy! - hope you all are well and keeping up with whatever you have going on.
Ugh too crabby for a Friday! But I know dinner with will cheer me up!
AMEN! We ARE geniuses. Did you see that Jay Leno mentioned us this past Friday in his monologue?!?
Do you think all of Nicki Minaj's success in the music industry comes from the fact that she suffers from PopSickle-cell anemia?
Only #FF of the week to the manspiring guys
can't remember when #pinkmartini will be live on #KEXP, but I sure wanna hear it!
I'm gonna cry happy tears.
The connections in this movie. The repetition of the word "Knowing", the use of the number 9 and that his characters names all start with G.
Does anyone have any articles/experience with converting card catalog records to electronic searchable format? Thanks.
I am a nobody, and nobody is perfect; therefore, I am perfect.
I'm traveling to Seattle over labor Day Weekend for
Good Morning Beautiful People: Rise and Grind and Happy First Day of Spring.
If you've gotten tired of hearing from teenage athletes while looking for Physical Forms, here we are.
Every time I use a public restroom, in my head I sing "I've got a meeting in the ladies room. I'll be back real soon."
i dont even like her n barely see her so ya... dont ever yell at my kid like tht. me n my mouth tho.
Help me spread the word about [client] –an effort dedicated to giving you a voice in your #healthcare. Please RT!
Im not dressed to impress, im just along for the ride.
Did y'all notice where Blake Griffin was during that Clipper win?
Ain't no feelin like being free!
Snooki was supposed to be on the show with us this morning, but they "can't find her".
Republicans ask for responsible spending in DC as they dismiss closing loopholes for powerful interests
Join us today at 11am for Senior Tea as Philip Easter, a Baltimore man with an incredible photographic, memory recounts his travel memories!
Thanks to Twitter, I never ever have to wonder what is watching on tv
don't scare ne
oh i used too live in spring . .
not everyone, I'm stuck at home!
Just got in the house, now watching #DWTS !!!
When you're starting a business, you need to become an expert on your industry, products and services!
RT : Now speaking Go sharon! #bwhds #blogwell <-yes, indeed!
What creates romance is the ability to see yourself as lovable.
I just wasted a whole hour of my life and a gallon of gas.
Yay! Are you interning with ?
i just ordered the youg money ad
Damn I know I dnt got it all up there but what I'm scared for is Me going crazy on bitches and waking up in jail not knowing what happen!!!!
If it's not one thing, it's your brother.
And yes, I realize I sound like an illiterate person in that last tweet
At this rate the #royalwedding will become its own chat topic on !
San Diego High Life
You know we seem to agree on these sorts of things :-)
Damn everyone if someone got me sick!
Unbelievable!!! Where are the votes???
Another 20 hour day in the Byte Mines ... specialty Drupal module in the testing phase!
Made homemade pizza, now watching
I know! We missed you too! There will be other times. :))
is my dance inpiration! I love you so much! thank you for auditioning to be on #SIU <3 idk where I would be without you! <333
Went to the springs with today and we saw this guy that looked a lot like too bad it wasn't really him</3
Steel Brandy
Keep in mind, I'm a designer so I'm super critical lol. I also know that this is still a huge improvement from the old site.
yo man follow back
It took a while for you to find me but I was hiding in the lime tree
Thanks for answering my questions. I like a lot of the same songs too.
Oh. Good luck with it!
Our final S event of 2010 tomorrow! Starts at 7pm at All Asia, Cambridge. $6 cover, event will be live streamed
Got 2 free comics for my little pumpkin at THE COMIC DEN in Kew Gardens, Queens. Thanks, Janet!
I love drawing!!!<3
Notice Liars have 2 or 3 stories like a big house!!!!
FB Bradie Ewing () is the fifth #Badgers players off the board, going to the Atlanta Falcons in the 5th round, 157th overall.
My *absolute* pleasure! I should be thanking you for giving me a wonderful book to work with =D
late ...again
you make every girl have a bigg smile on their face<3 youre truly an inspiration, ihope ur havingg a lot of fun in C.A. ;D
All this rain -_-. Beach is not lookn good
Hi All We are offering for a limited time only a showcase listing on Libizcard.com for an amazing $49.00. for the year. Offer expires soon..
Running on no hours of sleep. Haven't slept goml
Like star light crashing through the ruins.
i miss yew!!!
Word it's a white whip right
Do you believe in karma?
i like it. Clever!
I need to pop xanax before I watch the OT in this game.
today church was amazing we celebrated our beautiful moms and it was just simply awesome :)
"Finding girls at this school who don't annoy me is rarer than Based God."
Devra said she sent them!! Mine was like 3 pages :(
wow, that must have taken a long time to make. How the heck are you going to eat/finish it?
Fuck i guess I cant give up now, plus giving up is for twacks...
We couldn't have said it better!! ": Miami's starters are getting outplayed by Chicago's bench."
#wordsthatmakepeoplegonutts........"And the results are in" lol
how old do you think most of your fans are??
Oh Austin, Tx... I miss you Dearly tonight..... See you soon..
Boring Monday
Lol! Oh no! Can't have Thanksgiving without the cranberries though ;-)
how do I get in the building?
I love when you tweet about having a lot to say, the following tweets are usually SO good.
hey! I just bought Capt. Bluebear and started reading it tonight. Pretty awesome so far--thanks for the recommendation!
call me the eternal optimist but unless it's MATHEMATICALLY impossible we should give 110% to gain automatic promotion!
You know what I hate? Being ignored, put down, judged, feeling insecure, being hurt and losing friends.
Hate it!
marry Christmas
I'm starting to think my Wordpress install needs a Compost option on the dashboard instead of Post.
michelle qot me lookin a hot ahh mess in this barbershop while she qet her hair shaved. all these cute ahh men lol
where on speen?
that must become serious service :)
if Sarah Palin could see Russia from her house, how hard could it be for Johnston to spot a stack of Trojans at the Rite Aid?
What a nice message to retweet. Thanks.
The awkward moment when everybody's "awkward moments" are stupid.
I-225 is very slow and having alot of problems.
Your hair. Your smile. Your clothes. Your humor. Your intelligence. Your voice. Your words. Your kisses. Your scent. You <U+2665>
Been here 4 awhile, U been sleeping, keep in touch, ur comedy MoBetta was hot, keep up good work
Life in Singapore ttp://www.indiemind.tv/blog/life-singapore/
thanks, Jon! Appreciate it! Heh, I think so :-)
however, there are plenty of people in the theatre who are not artists, confuse their roles, or don't have clear goals.
#HappyMothersDay To All The Mothers, Not Just The Pretty Ones. All of Them. Lol
Ohh shit, I'll be home soon. Ima see If I can get a ride over there
don't fuck with me no more smh
Martin Atkinson giving #lfc the usual treatment.
do I want meatballs in my sausage. No you fuckers
im down, everybody downtown this weekend! Lol
Belle, Barega, Lofton, Alomar and Hargrove at Indians spring training. How awesome is that?
OMG I'M SO EXCITED FOR DC TOMORROW!!! -__- The only shit I've been hearing all day..
Had SUCH a fun night with the best people eva!
finally cold watermelon :')
yes sir!
I keep telling myself if I won the lottery I'd have so much time to write- in reality I'd blow my money on crap like solid gold tap shoes.
and you shall have...
I have to wear on skirt with my friend on Friday,but I cant find any of them ugh
One of two redeeming moments of last night's episode: “: Toby: HR’s a joke. I can't do anything about anything. #TheOffice”
Those who know me know that I rarely Tweet on the run, but I hope all the moms, grandmoms, moms-to-be, aunties, memtors, etc. felt the love.
Twitter Is So Lame... I Cant Wait For My Bestie To Get One... Oh Wait She Does...
Congrats - you will be seeing next Thurs at The Myth for FREE! Our people will PM you - congrats again!
12 days left. Can you smell it?
I'm glad you liked it and thank you for the suggestion :)
Right on! I'm cheering you on towards the finish line my friend :>
" we are not the coochie crooks "
Interesting quote in the Chronicle of Higher Education: "Part of the problem is that faculty members themselves often don't work well i
Robert Sherman, composer of "It's a Small World" dies at 86. See you in Wisconsin soon.
You forgot to mention Willow.
If u were Zuck & about to be a bajillionaire, what would you buy first with your new mula?
LeBron be having niggas spook out there
It tells a story, and I like the narration because it was very informative so that we knew what we were seeing. 10% off code SHENYUNFANS.
I was Joan of Ark in my former life.
Why on this night do we sing songs about going down on Moses?
Super excited who's having a home coming this weekend where's the entertainment?
I'll be livetweeting my thoughts about the semifinals. Excited to see some pitches!
Good thing I had Vann in bio so I don't have to pay attention to my professor explain how cocaine affects the brain
Erin did you write about this? Has anyone?
have fun at the concert! :)
Gonna get my 300th tweet tonitee.....
Forgive yourselves! I love you still! I still need time to earn respect again. Colorado misses you!!! </3
you still need a picture though!
"Don't look back and grieve over the past, for it's already gone"
Making a playlist for my run. So far I've got
Community Calendar: Week of April 18-24, 2012 - The Rock River Times
"Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that." ~ Norman Vincent Peale
lmao finally you admit the Lakers suck
btw I would be totally excited if someone said "Happy Hannukah" to me. The words are different but the meaning is: be happy
awesome presentation!
RT : Y.A.B. has some great projects and news to share when we present this Saturday at the !
Going to be a long night...
what do you recommend?
:-( I'LL NEVER FIND ANOTHER DATE AS GOOD AS YOU.
Wow... We just kicked off today, and we have a couple of reports made already... Will be updated #austinTexas #AustinFraud in a few mins...
RT “: Leave it to the Asian bitches to decimate what's left of the single, Jewish male population in Manhattan." just peed.
email us when your recieve this.
Houston Hoops over Southern Stampede 75-64
hot giardiniera makes anything taste better
good girl! enjoy!
I would do that to you in heart beat
Gotta be patient and wait to see what happens next.
P.S. I'm an enthusiastic affiliate based on my paleo successes, plus having gone to Robb's seminar. Great information therein.
Remember Mr Romney, the Liberal Media and Talkshow Hosts do not exempt attacks on your family. Might as well expect it
when #onMYSPACE was out i was still in mexico
I know, right?! You certainly sent me one way back in the day. Oh the memories...
I am donating all my profits from Beachbody Challenge packs and Shakeology HD to for the entire month of April!
What's up twitter?
Looking for the best cafe in Wicker Park? Look no further than #alliancebakery on Division. Seriously, don't go anywhere else. BUT REALLY!
Its funny how fast people can change. One day, you mean everything. The next day, they treat you like you don't even exist.
Wondering - how do I find a translator to convert my wall sayings to French...ideas?
Find the difference at Galaxy Digitizing! Become our customer and feel the Galaxy Difference! Our customers are the main focus!
Happy Sunday!! Sup wit it. ": Yo!"
Para acabarla de chingar the cat is stuck up on the tree
Like all forms of communication, it has many different effects and these effects are often related to one another.
Professional name change today: Lisa Merkin is AKA Lisa Martel.
#onlyskinnyppl have sex and then there pelvis hurts LOL
Hello! Today has been Limbo Land: waiting to move. Nothing happening. Waiting to move.
Going great as well...keeping busy! I hear the video for On is happening soon!
most likely. I'm thinking of doing either BIGBANG or B.A.P next week haha
I'm down with that.
Have a great weekend!
Think of all the things we as people throw away each day that have the potential to be something like this.
Just saw a billboard advertising Lindsay Lohan on #Glee. This will only serve to delay her rock-bottom pornography phase.
God made the earth, but He did not make the world!
Still picking mulch out of my hair from yesterday's epic face plant.
Hi I work with Michelle Levander. Excited your joining us for our board meeting next wk.
“: #MLB - P Cole Hamels suspended 5 games & fined for intentionally throwing at OF Bryce Harper
Arrived in Austin for #amia11 looking forward to a great week.
bo I coming I coming hehe
oh huh that's pikachu :)
I know it's a long road trip but tell AC a little more enthusiasm on the "deep in the..." would be nice. #BringIt! Go #Cavs!
Scary movie marathon and pajamas all day with my best friend. >>>>>>>>
Do any of you people use twitter enough for us to start "tweeting"
just doing... I responded to your message bout needing a designer? What I do son!
Jamie #Moyer has 268 wins: 37 of those wins at the Oakland Coliseum. 25 at the Roman Coliseum.
Dark blue background theme helps with GMail look
[1Samuel16:7]FatherGod does not see us or others as we see; for we look on the outward appearance, but HE looks at our Spiritual Heart-LoveU
I have not met ONE SINGLE Florida lawyer (other than my Hubby) or Florida Judge who does not discriminate, retaliate, abuse, & bully Autism
that's so funny!
Going to bed!!<U+E011>
Thanks for explaining my question, though I'm not sure why Melton was so confused at the notion.
I have no use for Jeff Tabata.
Bun B -Pushin
Small children seem to be drawn to those most creeped out by them. Keep your grubby little hands off me.
I'm sorry for making you feel uncomfortable. I sent you a Mariah Carey Christmas Ecard to make up for it.
Whats good twitter follow me if you gone match this loud holla bac:)
Tip #203: Float, merge, stop n go, go n go, 5b light, etc. If you do not know how to do these things properly it's time to find out.
Had to stop to watch espn in a residents room lol daily.
follow me please i love you so much <3 :D
Daly on "Bleak House": Tulkinghorn is a "documentary terrorist."
You know how much total time people spend collectively on Facebook??..890,787 hours! True story
Wow... flashback of my teen years. hangin out at ol' smokey ass "Creole Lanes"
#YouGettinPunchedIf you say something bad about Lady Gaga, bitch!
-just keeps walking-
Forgot how stressful (and fun) it is to play You Don't Know Jack. Go iPad!
Why am I drinking Diet Mtn. Dew? I don't even LIKE Diet Mtn. Dew. =/
Junior Seau dead?
Now digitizing a 1964 master reel of The Counts from the Barton Collection. Songs include And Then I Cried, Groovy Train, & Turn On Song.
Happy Monday everyone from us at
Fill in the blank: If I could live in any #neighborhood in #Austin, I would choose __________________.
Got to be Gortat.
Leaving to head into the Live at 9pm! Sunday Funday!
There are a couple of songs I could hear over and over and not get tired of the song! :)
Some days I wonder what country I live in. Every step into the future, we leap backwards.
Ignore the blog for the rest of the day...it's going through some cosmetic work today.
MT: Brutal report on 9News tonight about the state Department of Labor. Hickenlooper can't be happy. #coleg cc:
my mom came up to my room crying because she misses her mom <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><U+2764>
Me too
Get it Laurie! In time for Yappy Hour!
Thanks for the mention! We are excited for tomorrow's event.
Frozen margarita on cinco de drinko sounds good to me
Nice one Seth!
I kept looking at Chone Figgins in the Seattle dugout, wondering what it might take for our boy to get moved lower....
You're welcome! So glad it resonated, and thank YOU for helping activate the online discussion.
Break a leg tonight! I'm excited to see y'all :)
We hurt people that love us. Love people that hurt us
That would make my life much easier to fan girl about the MINT show
i know chris your the best actor in my view your my number 1 for a actor in a movie hope you follow me 1 day im still waiting(:
U on your way to work
love my nip nips C;
no, its totally acceptable. Lol. I have to write one too
thanks for having me. i always enjoy hanging at USD. say hi to crew.
Enjoy the Turkey today everyone. Happy
Natalie, have you dropped us a line yet? Is there something we can help you with?
If the mall is the go to hangout for teens, them rite aid is the go to hangout for the disabled elderly
#sla2011 I have copies of the PAM dance cards I will bring to PAM early bird dinner!
51/49 disappointed/good to see them go. In the end it sucks. All teams that made to 2nd round were rivals we could have beat.
even though you have to leave your betfriends, im so proud of you. you've come so far. never give up <3
No of course not. I dont think most of them are. Thats why they don't (legally) get paid incentives just for injuring other players
im willing to work and pay for it shit.
No, thank you! “: Thanks for the follow! Love what you're doing.”
I have a lot of games of phone tag going on and I'm not winning any of them...
Pro tip if you are in Chicago: Garrett popcorn (Chicago mix) is delicious!
we should probably have a classic NES night
Welcoming T-Factor and their #KnowledgePortal360 learning management systems as a new partner.
RIP Steve. Thanks for making us see the world differently.
Tacos don't have memories, but TacoBells do.
all moved in to the new office spot
Got some music coming soon...! As in tonight! Look out for it! Maybe it's a cover? By ... hmm... :) Lessgo!
hey, u had the option to join in on the fun
Are you following Facebook's #F8 conference? bit.ly/n1sdb5 How can we use social media to engage students?
Joseph P. Thompson~ Real glory springs from the silent conquest of ourselves.
That is so not ok!
we appreciate your proxy!
My girl positive far from negative
"Anthony Orlove" is the name of perfection, did you know that? <3
I wish I had enough energy to bask in the morning son. <3
i just cussed him out for repeating himself like a 70yr old man that smoked pot for 60ofthem 0.0 s/n frasier lmfao iti saw every episode!
alright then, like you really got me hot putting this on twitter, maybe we shouldn't told you how we felt dawg.
Gotta go to sleep I've gotta get up to go to work love you
Anything for you!!
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Hanging out with right now grubbing on a fish filet po boy!!! Quick break before I hit the airwaves at 8pm on
Congratulations to your wife!
Attended the US Green Building Council meeting last night. Saw a lot of friends I hadnt seen since last year. Got a great lead & a good time
2 minute break first half of te concert was amazing
got into iupui! second choice school, but still!
2012 film watching! #25. Network(Lumet, 1976). A great social commentary on media ethics that holds up very well still today. Outstanding!
Pawns? Sounds a little condescending don't you think... Not to mention your "pawns" have consistently better wages and benefits
Episode 5 was half there half not. I'm currently re uploading full version now
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 104
bold but highly unlikely #redsox offseason prediction sign pujols to play 3b, sign rp h bell-Ortiz & papelbon walk
Yes i believe!
Damn got up to early
Only thng muffaks can say is dat I'm still at home by CHOICE
Good idea! :) RT : Yellow Cab Chicago, we're through. 28 minutes late? Switching to Flash.
Broadcast industry job seekers - this one's for you #NABEFCareerFair April 18 in Vegas
"Taking charge of how you spend ur time ensures that you'll live a quality, purposeful life for the rest of ur life."~The 100 Year Lifestyle
Just got a new ring. I had to, the brand was literally called "Sydney's Rings" :)
Come hear speak to the Hispanic Democratic Club meeting TONIGHT at 7pm! 3720 Farragut Ave, 3rd floor, Kensington.
Excellent discussions about nextgenlib services! Sounds like there's a lot of demand for Alma. It's not ILS, it's URM!
I like a chick dat can rhyme
The selective moral outrage of the bankrupt #Left is nauseating.
No word yet. But Monday I would think...
takes two. If you cared more than me then you would have texted me to :P
I will! LOVE your fest & think you're awesome. Doing what I can to promote- hope to see you soon xo ps- did you mean next weekend?
How many of you that visit this page are outside the USA?
Rhyme Calisthenics #3 NYC TUESDAY at Bamboo! Come check us out NYC
rocks - yesterday got the gift of a hug from one of the kids!
Spinning to a packed house at area 31's happy hour...
Happy Birthday Taylor! What phone will you be sharing your cake with?
shout out to A.G. for writing Rosehaven Production's new short film. It's going to be AWESOME!! Coming soon
Me an my sweetie layin n bed eatin candy......
retweeted, Good luck!
wwoooo. Heart is beating fast, but I got all my classes... I'm so done with being stressed! Finals and I'm outta here.
“The smarter people are, the better their excuses.” – George Kao. Are you sometimes too smart for your own good!?
You got it Larry -- but thank you emails are often absent the personalization we use in letters.
I would live a follow !!!
where have you been hiding? No love no mas?
i wanna go to new york.
When a dog barks at the moon, then it is religion; but when he barks at strangers, it is patriotism! ~David Starr Jordan
I look like a walking bruise
Dramabomb!corny flow
So what we get drunk, so what we smoke weed, we just having fun, so what we go out....we just living young, wild & free!!!!!
They weren't too pretty, but DAMN were they good.
ok bri ha
thanks for the love i like yours too!!
How was everyone's first week???
Good Luck on that. The best person for the job will come to you
#FF the intentionally funny black guy ... Supremely under followed
Let's go mavs
omg! Lol. Ha! Too cute. I cried during the first ten minutes if that cartoon! :'(
The guy I share my office with at work is starting to cough again :( He is one unhealthy person, aways sick!
I feel like a loser talking to myself though:b
Relationships last longer when everybody doesn't know your business.
aw! Thank you so much! I love you too, the new video will be out in 20 March xoxo
We're having that Hangover moment with our Black Friday purchases: "Dan, why do you have an xbox? And what's a Nook doing in that bag?"
girl you should do it!!
Happy birthday <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Time to book the hotel room for San Diego Asian Film Festival
thank ya bro
Reading a new book to the sound of the rain. Beautiful night
Feeling a sense of husbandly pride the past couple weeks...since bookish wife keeps repeating, "The Amazon Kindle is the BEST present EVER!"
-.- LOL I really just seen that? All corny bitches <<<
movie kicked so much ass
If you never play me Promise not to bluff I'll hold you down when shit gets rough Cause baby I know you're worth it ;)
If you are going to tell the comic standing next to me he was your favorite, please, use your inside voice.
Hi DJ Affect, thanks for the follow from thecoupondeal.com Glad to be part of your followers. Expect just savings from us!
Beat the registration rush on Wednesday! Registration tables open @ 3:00pm today, so come pick up your packet!
Challenges: have to remember that it's still in development - some things work, some things don't, things not developed yet
to get updates from the #NAEH Conference from #Homeward staff follow #endinghomelessness for families and youth in
How can you say Marshall gives you more anxiety than Cordero when you've seen him pitch for a month?
19 rebounds in the first half already for Bynum!
Listening to "Born and Raised" by . My favorite track is "If I Ever Get Around to Living". Love the sound of this album.
On Opra today. Eating healthy food is the right thing to do.ZuZu has real pots,pans, cutting boards.We prepare our real food fresh each day!
The list of things I need is really small, guys!
op wie is austin dan ?
Anybody know how to find limits?
except for me. You don't hate me. :]
ha ya saw it as well yesterday for the first time
on the Z06 I thought it was just 505 I do know the base is rated at 436
how much u charging for mixtape hosting
: whats the excuse u want to play out?||THERES A BRIGHTER DAY 2MORROW *insert Knick fan silence*
In reality the world is not separate from us, but part of the continuum of consciousness.
RT : More teachers should open their classroom doors to visiters...let the amazing things you do shine!
I have a well-defined ego, but who would pay for followers? A business maybe, but who wants to follow Fuddruckers? I mean
love it!
a imagine if we won a meet & greet & got to meet him omg... i'd wee <3
I assume John Travolta is anxious to finish shooting his film in ATL so he can shave that hillbilly beard off. Very un-Vinnie Barbarino like
I stand with Tom Barrett
Yahh yahh omg i hope so haha id be so happy
Haha, yes! You all are the best.
Become my #300 follower and get a #special #shoutout !!!!
thank u i no
Le drink specials start at 10 PM ... $2 off wine & $4 Leffe Blondes! Appreciate #Jazz Last #IntervalMonday of
Switched to #XFCE as my Linux desktop environment of choice. It's slimmed down and much faster than KDE and Gnome.
Nights like these help me realize what life is all about. Fuck the bs, I got a lot of good times ahead of me. GN :)
Oh god, my blood is pumping just with the first chapter. M mr grey.
$ 2.50 Bud Light Pints ALL NIGHT!!! First 10 people who ask for john and mention this tweet get a FREE appetizer!!!!
Success is not counted by how high you have climbed but by how many people you brought with you. - Wil Rose
You've got a gypsie soul to blame, and you were born for leaving.
I call them April babies cause they fools!
Why choose a metal roof - metal roofing
Excited to be making a speech tonight for 's #InternationalStudent #Graduation #Reception!
for some reason my hotmail alerts are coming to me in French! Tres cool.
Lets go Wings
YES LORD!!!
Don't worry too much, baby sister; it's nothing they haven't been through before. They're pretty mild compared to old days
Realizing that my two final projects are at least 10 times less complicated than I was anticipating is lightening my very soul!
do you have legal authority to target Roger Goodell?
I have an army We have a hulk <3
Yup, I'm Matrixing.
why are you torturing yourself?!?
Beginning to think I'm #dairy and #wheat sensitive, like my mom. Ideas on how to slowly/painlessly remove them from my diet?
your new photos are AMAZING!!!! Thank you for being a part of !
Dear Centipede, You have already invaded my home. Please do not invade my dreams. Thank you.
This was awesome - another use for your daylilies: “: Tempura daylily flower stuffed w/goat milk Gouda & lemon thyme
I don't accept
i followed you <U+263A> lol
BUT COLTON AH
was offered Gabi n Johnathan Sanchez for Dunn, should I take it?
Alright everybody it's time for me to get out of here tonight. It was lots of fun. Remember to sign up for come play with us
Let us die young or let us live forever. We dont have the power but we never say never.
retaking the sat?
still??? Damn girl you know how to party!!
Yeah theres a bunch of good places are you here?
Welcome the mind of a maniac RT“: Ain't got no mind”
#BlueJackets better be getting a win tonight!
Just bought some Element filters & raw papers,bout to see what the hype about these filters all about,gotta learn to roll all over w/filters
Your observation is just as personal as your experience
Where are you located & will you be coming to Colorado anytime soon? Do you perform at charity events or donate music?
hope you feel better! <3
u got these hands comin yo way!
"He who risks nothing, does nothing, has nothing, is nothing, and becomes nothing."
Nevermind on the iPhone...the guy was such a jerk.
yes! Hmu when ur in town cuz I prolls will b too! & thanks girl(: your very pretty urself(: love you<3333
Nominee Announcement tomorrow! Fingers crossed!
Shoutout To My New Followers - thank you for the follow, you rock! :)
I'll be here, Have a non-ALA committment 5-6 or so, but pizza after would be lovely.
thank-you bro
lol I see what ya did there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
ugh I wish! I can't wait to see you for part of summer! :)
love grandma Phyllis hope she made me one too lol
Did you know that anti-gay bullying does not just happen to gay kids? It happens to ALL kids.
Our #CourtReporters Offer Expedited Transcript Services
So nice to be included in Dating, Relationships, Married Life! Thanks so much!
Sore throat, sore muscles, and exhausted. Good morning.
blasting a a protein shake , gym , & to pick up some BEEF!
Thanks! We also have a list of GC sociology folks you can follow: /gcsocers
wooop summer time here i come :D
so your place or mine?:)
eggwhites, pesto chicken sausage, mushrooms, tomato, spinach, basil, and herbed goat cheese...super
Found It <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
i follow back!!! <3 ;) JAKE lawlz so awkward :)
What do you think of the Tim Tebow phenomena?
goddammit i will be in phoenix
That awesome moment when you are telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins you. (:
The Fall 2011 CLO Symposium is less than 3 weeks away! What sessions/speakers are you looking forward to most?
Can you show & a photo of your Happy Dance? ": YaaaaaaaY!!!!! ***happy dance***"
Got in trouble at church for having a hickey! Wtf!! Such a hyper critical church
#FF recommendations More of our gr8t #ClearedJobFair customers You are the best!
No ones perfect.
AT&T continues to call (harass) me bc my ccard on file for autopay expires in 2 months. Its good for 2 more months so stop calling.
I love to dance..
hello whats creepy x
People shouldn't see Ron Paul ending his campaigning as dropping out, he's going directly to his point: delegates not the popularity contest
Another full class at AnaJet University today.
im ok. How r u? I wish i had a blackberry.
I'm listening right now!
MANE WTF IM GONE GOOD NIGHT !!
Thx for RT-ing & encouraging my latest intention!
it's cool. DMing you now. . .
THAT made me laugh out loud....love your tweets :)
It doesn't matter what team you root for, we all can agree Peyton Manning = Pure Class.
Yes 85deg. RT : Guests are swimming already, is your pool heated? Carey Business School wants to know!
Incredible change happens in ur life when U decide to take control of what U do have power over instead of craving control over what U dont
Brings you right back to the Cape, doesn't it? Tomorrow will be close to beach weather. ;)
Man, I'm glad there weren't cell phone cameras back in my party days or there might be my organ shots all over Twitter! <g>
Nice Job Retard! i would of put in Bard in the 8th Skip & we wouldnt have this problem by now
We are the #1 earner in New Mexico!!!
i think it crashed... it won't work!
Alarms rang in Tucumcari—Friday in the morning, Saturday in the afternoon, Sunday afternoon and evening. And on Friday, a woman found a gun.
Heading to the gym, why do the guys at my gym parade round after doing a set?
Haha I decided to dress like Louis tomorrow :) got my stripes, rolled up skinny jeans, beanie and vans!! IM READY
hey sexy bitch!! So thanks 4 the support plus ur follows to me. Means the world to my boss and I that u do. Anything
Haha, I know. I'm just impatient. :)
Report: A's deal Gio Gonzalez to Washington Nationals
kinda like how Paul lays in the rolls chair...
The last part of the Grammys felt like a thrown together mess of "music" Thank you Adele for saving the evening and for making real music!
Happy New Year!
I should be your point-person for the campaign to get lawn care guys to wear Buff gear.
tickets already paid for, me and
Trouble is part of your life, and if you don't share it, you don't give the person who loves you a chance to love you enough.
Mad reckless
We think it gives a glamourous upscale look!
Biz Stone and Evan Williams ( co - founders of Twitter ) on CSPAN talking the future of the internet.
Can't wait to watch the Jets get dismantled... Let's go Colts!!!
Wanted to fall asleep listening to Barbra Streisand but my iPod removed her album for some odd reason and cba to turn my laptop back on.
I believe it was Ron Burgundy who said, "I love scotch." That makes two of us, Ron!
I missed an integration conversation? Good thing for you guys, huh and ?
Graduation Night!
Not that stank ass cooch lol
i like the doctor chick album and the new one
do you even have my number
Pick a state we can all move to & create an atheist utopia with leaders & citizens who vote for science, reason & humanity. v/
ok cool. Glad 2 hear that
While most people are becoming older and wiser, I'm becoming older and better at making stuff up as I go along.
So some sick person decided 2 break into my moms car last night & they stole my moms card & my backpack. Like wtf did you want my notes?
This really on repeat ... Thank U
as a Packers fan, I couldn't agree more. Rodgers makes as many plays as Favre ever did, minus the dumb mistakes.
Oh shit, sleepovers at tonight!
Deco procedure dives were a blast this weekend w/ diving gets better and better every weekend #scuba dive for life
I was once compared to looking like an actress from the 1950's I wish I remember who it was.
come on over to support employees at 16th and O! :)
Ughghhhh popped a huge bone and ligemint in my arm and it hurts so bad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
In health there is freedom. Health is the first of all liberties. – Henri- Frederic Amiel
Is it really snowing again?!?!?
Batting practice tonight? What u got ?
I find it a bit disturbing myself. I didn't read the article, and I breastfed Abbers, BUT this is a bit much.
Thanks, Brian. Good to see you.
I agree!!!! Just spent a few hours sorting through the boys clothes and getting ready for baby boy #3. So excited! Do it!!!
Sippin' on some syrup ..
The Football Game was Amazing! to bad we lost like 0-50 as usual..
tee hee i still can't believe and are following me. <3 <3 <3
Celtics are good. Once they get to the playoffs, they know what their doing.
Text ClimaticNationDMv to 74455 to see Mac Miller FREE tonight at
Thanks for becoming a fan, Frank Estrada!
They called me "The Jizzaster" on the ol' ultimate frisbee squad.
music brings back so many memories
I have a free day on Sundays..so I am thinking of taking handgun classes to finish of my Lara Croft imitation. LMAO!
I was excited to attend the conference before this news! Now I know the first person I need meet.
My how the Huso Huso has changed over the years... ;)
Today is the "royal wedding" of country music! Congrats to and !!
In Tijuana w/ business leaders from both sides of the border. Meeting w/ US & MX officials re improving cross-border trade & commerce
Let's make it happen. Reach for your goals.
RT : Cutler on Brandon Marshall apparently set to be cleared from night club incident "We knew it was going to happen."
Red Sox sweep! A beautiful day today became a lovely night here in RI. Just realizing now that it's Monday according to my computer... hmm.
RT : Traumatic stress is a normal reaction to an abnormal situation. Not a disorder at all. Medicine likes to pathologise.
yeah buddy!!!!
hope u had a good day luv. (:
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Cloudy. Showers. Mainly in the evening. Lows around 60. West winds around 5 mph in the...
Tonight it's SOUL STATION at Casa Del Mar in SM, 8pm, free. Tyra Julliette, me, Juhnny Flaugher and Mr. James Gadson!! Hope to see you.
Wats up bro
Enjoy One of the Many Themed Suites At Wildwood Inn
ohh really now?? ;) who would have guessed? Hehe
Cannot stop listening to Gotye! He is the man.
hey trick!!!! Coming to ur side this weekend... Gotta link up! I want some Crocker Spot! Lol
You won't find moments in a box, and someone else will set your clocks
I'm getting really too good at ignoring people
oh really? Can she send me some samples to: ?
we probably shouldn't be tweeting while she's driving.
Eat.Nap.Bowl. Open #ThanksgivingDay from 5 PM to Midnight. Work off those extra calories and go
I don't want another map of your head
that was so awful i dont even know what to say.
Checking out the space shuttle & cursing the fact I don't have a longer lens. We'll see what I get
I swear this chick in my class is so effing lazy -___- youre right next to the door chika!
glad to see ur back luv :-)
Me too! So cool to be with 3GM. Gisela and Roger are fabulous.
Happy Thanksgiving!!! :) Rejoice always, pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is God’s will. 1Thess 5:16
It's World Smile Day - what makes your pet smile: belly rubs? extra long walks? a special toy?
any rumors as to what were the Cake Mgmt decisions that made Lee and adanthar exit?
and just think, a little while ago you were complaining it was still dark out when you got up this morning...
#WCIDetroit became a Detroit Works Project Ambassador yesterday. Ready to engage, inform and empower.
"By Mark" means that the document signer can write an "X" instead of a signature.
I know Greek yogurt is so supposed to be so very healthy for you, but when I eat it, "liquid chalk" comes to mind.
how amazing
my neck hurts. i guess im going to bed now. goodnight.
whats your number bro?
what camera do u use for the Fiend edit??
Thank you very muvh !!!
Great to run into you this morning (and yes, now I'm stalking you on Twitter). Hope to see you at the next
Sup baby!!!
Hank Jr was really on to something when he said "And the hangovers hurt more than they used to."
Woohoo! today's win puts the Detroit Tigers in 1st with 5-1 & .833 pct; that's with some hot bats, pitching and fielding. Go Tigers!
I really want to see that movie. Looks really good.
Yea working on da mixtape right now...who's goin to host it
OK, that's the best part hands down.
yeah.. It was disgusting
an american icon.
Great meeting today with Shamrock Foods. Calender close to set to gear up for in Sept.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you wave back and you realize the person was not waving at you. Talk about feeling stupid!
I think I just found my new source of entertainment has me DYING laughing lol I love it!
It's quite possibly the worst word ever
Work equals money
I need to work tonight, but incessant server and InDesign issues we had today sucked it all out of me. Me thinks getting up early is best.
Sorry for. Not tweeting
have you made 's Creme Egg brownies? Great way to fill the Easter void the 9mos you can't buy Cadbury eggs =)
#mdayton: "This is our chance. This is Minnesota's chance to keep the Vikings in Minnesota.
Go austine never give up!!
Yep. And think about it every day. Especially in the morning when I realize she hasn't killed me in my sleep :)
Good afternoon! Getting ready to flirt and take photos at
isn't it? time for a road trip!
#icanhonestly say I'm ready for school tomorrow<3
PROM :D
thats not always bad...did you do something wrong?
15 students beaten & arrested at Baruch College in clash with cops. When will this flagrant brutality end? t.co/hnEBsUG7 (via )
Who invited winter back?
in love with the glitter bomb
that's cute!!
Wanting to go to memphis midnight madness, but no one to go with!! Help!!
Who wants a iOS 5 Jailbreak Tutorial?
I don't want to go to school tomorrow :c
hope I'm still upright by then
Happy Friday! Just a reminder that Tuesday 10/18 is Fall Picture Day! Dress up nice, and be sure to wear a smile!
yah hopefully he makes something better than this piece of poop I just watched lol
nah, I came with my girlfriend and her mom for a small vacation. Will be in NYC Sunday & Monday
shit, my dog still barking?
I seriously hate bare feet.
i dont have to do what u say
yes, it is. and an individual or a family can't really "protect" themselves. we need some regulation of corporate madness.
Oh wow. Please ask him/her to post this list of free whores. Could save everyone lots of money!
165 day until Swamp Dash- Gainesville, Fl
Having lunch & this is what I hear from the next table: Dude she was so fat I had to fuck her in my basement for fear she'd bust thru my ...
thanks for the follow. Have a wonderful weekend!
me too!! We should go sometime :]
Any #Detroit print designers looking for freelance work? has a killer project for you (+ great pay!) DM me if interested.
Twitter’s Top Ten Most Talked About Female Celebs of 2011 (PHOTOS) Tweet, tweet! Millions of people love to take to Twitter to talk abo
My moma so far away .....2day dnt even feel like mothers day...but ima still call anyway...and ima get high like every other day.....
AGP IS NOW LOOKING FOR MODELS FOR OUR ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY INBOX FOR MORE DETAILS...
thanks -- i did -- it was Thursday but got my iPod today from my daughter
Los Angeles, playing @ The Mint tonight with Kiran Ahluwalia's group. 9:00pm
it would be greatly appreciated to follow , theyre new to twitter :) x
Misdirected email of the week: SKANNIBAL PARTY VOL.11 CD OUT NOW
well...I'm not there yet haha. I have a long layover in Seattle. I don't take off until 7:40
ALTHOUGH, it is a fun "Do you know your states?" game!
Actually managing my time well. What is this insanity.
Looking forward to it! RT Grand opening of is this Saturday! This will be their 6th store in the U.S.
lol I hope so nigga... u be slacking lol
if u had a heart attack id check ur pulse shedear I wouldn't just take ur dresses n run.
I ain't even mad, every dog has its day and you one mangy bitch!
Holy moly get me to Thursday so I can be in Florida for the weekend.
Just made from scratch the best VEGAN chilly ever!!!
I hope I get my ears pierced soon
#FatTributeBands Bacon the people
Thank you!
lets do it :)
We are so close to naming the Mother's Day $250 Giveaway winner, stay tuned!
I'll be out next Saturday for artMrktSF. Hope to run into you again!
#Anti-aging foods: #cruciferous #vegetables are high in #antioxidants, detoxify the body, fight #cancer and improve body
#ncph2012 Abby Reisman of CREST: teaching students to read hist in age of CCSS #sschat "what are we looking for in CCS SS assessment?"
IWatching over my little kitten, Kilala, who came home from the vet's today. She's doing good, but very sleepy.
ha! But that gives me a great idea. Horror blogger camping in the woods. And we do a drunken podcast live.
"Immature" A word boring people use to describe fun people. <3
The best part? She then mentioned some no-name health care company, like that would sway me.
That's what i'm saying. And to top it off, I was at Walmart.. Not surprising what so ever..
nm laying in bed messing with my phone, wbu?
thanks for the recommendation.Denny terrifies me.Brakes are in good shape but maybe I'll get a tuneup deal first just in case.
A fifth season of 'Arrested Development'
Bored. Talk to me :)
Those who are heartless, once cared too much.
Want a #lifestyle discount getaway 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
Dear men of Hollywood, straighten your bow ties!! Pleas and thank you.
#Browns Jordan Norwood, I liked this kid a lot against San Francisco, he needs more footballs thrown his way...great play!
I wish I was black lol
Good Night Hoes!
#bitcheswhowontdateme Janet Jackson
Last night in my favorite house #nothingLikeIt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
My weekend = 'light' read aka 41 papers. Yes I am a good librarian-teacher. Le sigh.
Love that you always retweet for your fans. It's seriously cool of you. You were awesome in tonight's Episode! :)
Ugh ....crushed
“: You know you're bored as hell when you try to drive normally like the other cars in GTA. .”
i cant wait to have our regalia! i have a pic of it in my room to visualize myself in it everyday!
Some folks shouldn't make beats, and some rappers shouldn't be rapping.
We appreciate everyone who follows us on Twitter! Thanks from the bottom of our heart! Lol ?
cute ass ;)
RT Trivia: Which former Blues player did Jaroslav Halak list as his hockey hero? Pavol Demitra
Great carido..I burn up to 600 calories in an hour..
I wish someone would actually just say that. ;)
You could check out www.findfundingmagazine.com for grant writing tips.
I am the kind of guy that dreams about naps while I'm asleep
good lord that looks like it'd take forever!
Happy Birthday, Camerado Roger Moss
I'm so tired, but I can't sleep.
anymore ps codes left for today or later?
Aw, mucho dislike. But yes, soon!
I'm sorry boo :( I would but I'm going to st Pete
RT All I'm saying is this- If Matt Flynn was QB for the Packers this season, they would have gone undefeated
1000views on you tube in one week for me is big. Keep supporting yall
I want to move to #Wauwatosa- Any suggestions?
But you didn't have to cut me off. Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing..
Pound hash tag learning @ how to tweet
forgot to wish happy birthday on twitter! my bad! but happy birthday! :)
I don't use them either!! haha
dude i saw that on and i was like this shit just got real
#YouLosePointsIf you don't go. It's a basketball game between Goatboy and Waddah after school
"Some campaign to represent Wisconsin—Walker doesn't even want Wisconsin voters to know where he is or what he's doing." [h/t DK]
first full is Ironman Florida on Nov. 3. Hardest part is the mental game, finding the time, keep dialed in, life gets in the way
I guessed right, woohoo
Long, not so awsome day. Found a mega dent in my ride, dr says my eyesight is worsening, dentist says I have 2 cavities (my 1st EVER)
when someone is staring at me in public i say "peek a fuckin' boo" :p
2011 kicked my ass. I will return the favor and kick 2012's ass.
I Been Trying To Hit Yall Up I Want To Buy Some Beats For My Next Album Email Me ASAP
Yikes! Better start deleting some posts!
you are right. so very right.
Ugh, I know right! You experienced so much in Doha now it's hard to capture it all on paper.
Ravens take Temple RB Bernard Pierce at 84th overall. Traded 91 and 164 to Atlanta for the pick.
I am not a morning person
Achieving ROE: it's less about the tool boxes and more about the people wielding the hammers. Great insights from Conf
Survived my first week at the new job. The world did not explode
Hello there Just Wanted To Say Hello And Introduce Myself! By the Way I Think Your ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS HONEY!
I love her more!!!! *are we on the same page*
hilarious! Turn that music up for me!!
use it for school and running my sites. Windows Office is for school.
Aw eugenes parents think I should be a supermodel well
I'm going to have to bring in some #CapeVerdean music to work.... been slacking lately. ((slaps hand)) Shame on me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
happy new year to you too!!
Cognition & emotion go hand in hand.
Things seem so hopeless I'm so sick of being alone
Goodnight ! <U+2764> Sleep With The Angels!^.^
Excited for !!! Suite 0221 is celebrating her!
Instead of calling a method on it directly, the DOM makes you make an element's parent remove it from the document and it's making me sad.
": is the bestest friend ever, I love him... Just thought twitter should know!!"
Everyone Is Beautiful might be beatiful but not everyone is attractive
Crow: Need to redesign universities, breaking down barriers among & betw. disciplines to attain OA
BIG show announcement coming shortly...Get those RT trigger fingers ready!
Ha, "rowdy Sean Lovelace" -- that's about right, isn't it?
Wishing #Oomf would text me again today...
Fighting sickness in bed with the NPR First Listen of Patrick Watson's brilliant new album: find it on NPR's music page. It's great.
AMAZING photos! Welcome home.
it just got a hold of some plastic and melted a little...
RT RT : Feminism is not biased against men, it is biased against sexism.
bitch shut the ill unfollow when to and bitch your time end I end it
cool wil u hve a blackberry?
that's extremely sweet!
who got skype
good morning a reason for mahomies!!!!
definitely! thanks for the kind words and be sure to stay tuned for more interview series with other professionals in the...
that is pretty awesome!
why just a shout to Corrie!??! : I can't freaking wait!
Thinking about planting some roses. Not sure if I can keep them alive.
I'll tell you later :)
That car crashes into me" maybe you shouldn't pull out! Freaking moron! Please nearly kill me two days before I turn 26. #areyoukiddingme?!?
Finally Going to medieval times!
Nothing like starting your day with1 of your neighbors' throw up on your car door.
how is Rondo or CP3 even a question.. rondo by a mile..
Proposed Scholarship Requirements
it was good but I was kinda disappointed. Not as great as I thought it would be.
well, to be fair I am a magazine writer by trade. Hence, why I keep the print copies (for research) and don't get the e-version
Diet cures more than the doctor. Maxim
amy follow back! = D
Totally true. But installers & customers can see panels made & talk w. company reps = better connection here in WI
Happy Birthday, !!!!
thats the truth, preach on brother
The #POTUS was his usual great self delivering his third #SOTUS tonight. Bravo.
RT : Day trip to West Branch DE River: driving, podcasts, fly-fishing, birding, solitude.
AH can't you smell spring? I'm going to the San Diego Harley Davidson Womens Garage Party. Yipeeeee!!
I like your way of thinking!
charlie come to candy mountain charlie! oh mans.. I've missed that video.
Fun seeing you !
We are all weird. And life is weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we call it love.
Martin Luther King, Jr. is still on that mountaintop, looking out at the Promised Land. Time for us to start climbing faster and higher!
i dont have time for the bullshit
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. ~ Flip Wilson
Bullying is a serious issue. It bothers me how politicians use it just to spin for personal gain.
wanted you to know I'm doing cycles with several new clients and am seeing some nice progress.
RT if you're already counting down to your Warped Tour date.
im FANTASTIC, how are you?(:
The Super Mystery Jackpot song contest is starting over $50 Jackpot. 1st clue: this song is from the 90's
Yep. Joss Whedon co-wrote it and his fingerprints are all over it. I'd rent it. It's a postmodern take on horror movies.
“: omg! U r so good! :) #lovedit” thank you so much! Subscribe! More coming this week! :D
All your sappy and pathetic love/hate my life tweets make me want to punch you in the face... Just to be blunt.
that's funny. I remember when I had my first beer. Does Cleveland even have a team this year?
Erin go braugh-less!
Active! It makes you more productive, personal and passionate about your brand.
lol, too bad there's like 3 in mine
yay! Looking forward to it! :)
Welcome to Utopia. We design and build furniture.
How do I know when an avocado is perfectly ripe? What about Mangoes? Can you just help me with all fruits?
I like that we have montario and trent in the backfield.....like a fres taylor and jonathan stewart situation.....
Booked Gossip Girl again tomorrow as a Paparazzi!
thanks for the likes my friends! this business has been an evolution, during a revolution,...:)
Thanks for the followup!
I'm assuming they find love and other shenanigans along the way? Assuming it's a comedy.
long day
NYPD scanner: Officer requests chain cut in Zucotti Park. Dispatcher: "What's your exact location?" Exasperated: "I'm in Zucotti Park."
you guys were doggin' on me the first night I wanted to play his music! LOL
at #authorspeak2012? Yes, please!
Omg really? i have hazel eyes!
starting off tonight's #SMCSFO event.
thank you for calling! We appreciate you thinking of us for your sign needs.
Thank you for the feedback, Scott. I appreciate your honesty.
You smile, I smile. <3
love ur work! u guys hiring at source fed/defranco inc? us mt folk gotta stick together haha im a radio host/vo artist. take care
House Judiciary Comm Repubs put out critical report on Obama Admin:
getting "slippy" in the Eastern part of the country. Be safe and keep an eye out for that black ice. I tweet from experience ;-)
awesome. Did you know that 42% of Americans surveyed can't leave home w/o their cell phone
Are you in this line? Well stop participating in this economy. Join a business who has a product in HIGH DEMAND. Skinny Body Care...
you'd be surprised...only certain founding members of the VJC are from LA. We're from everywhere. NC, NYC, OH, ATL, etc
yayyyy! Welcome Alicia :)
the vagina's are alright
I just do not understand how a morning can be SO ROUGH before 9 am. Does. Not. Compute.
just me. Northern tier trail. I know it hits Fargo.
LOL ME 2 MAN...THEY SOME LAME-O'S WITH ALL CAPS
I'm sorry gang, but this made me LOL RT : "Vagina: it's like a beer koozie for your penis!"
when you got nothing to do simply listen to music and start dancing to it.....
Awesome jersey. Come get that framed when you can! We'll do it on the low.
Aced my Law test, yuup.
niqqas these days fight over a soccer game ! -___-
Chris Davis, who started as DH for the Os, is in at pitcher and throwing it 89 mph and just go a K
my favorite student! XD
Yeah, these things always happen at terrible times for me, too. I'm sure public comments will be interesting/entertaining
My dream: being kissed in the rain by someone who cares about me <3
Thanks for your support girl! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
When you break up, your whole identity is shattered. You are no longer alive.
Leaving Soon. Camp With My Church , Hope It Turns Out Fun!(: I'll miss you babe /:
I am learning about finding slideshows on flash drives. This is paying attention.
The break room still smells like Thanksgiving.
Good seeing you this weekend brother! Good luck with everything!
Hammering away like im fuckin tommy noble
Voldemort's ass crack.
I love the way you've been drawing Skull's expressions lately. So fun.
Wish I could say it was for others enjoyment but I'm just a dork
Awesome! I will be waiting!
Worry? Kills confidence. Destroys courage! Causes Fear & Steals Your Power! So don't worry! Live it up Like there is no to morrow! NOW is!
.: The Zoo
I'm not in the cult of Apple myself either.
No problem! Have a great Monday :)
Starting my 2nd week as Senior Psychologist at Insight Psychological Centers #Chicago. Happy to join the team!
ollow back me...
They're real, and real fun too!
So if by the time the bar closes, and you feel like falling down... I'll carry, you home... tonighhhttt...
Kobe be that Nigga
You should fear god. But Not be scared of him...
and crappy brazil's behavior. screw them.
::hands advil and box of donuts::
...but I think what you're looking 4 costs $$$. Also, some you can do some interesting things with Storify one you've...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE NUMBER ONE BOY IN MY LIFE!!! gahhh can't believe my baby brother is already 9!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
Here kickin it at a bar, its been a while, let's see what the night life has to offer.
": Ian got time for playing the side chick ill leave that up to the rest."
you are absolutely right I cant keep up with all this ish! Lol!
if ur looking for a girl who is supportive amazin cute and loves u for who u are choose me 12
but they also repel. I'd never buy a property in sight of one. And if the city decided to install them near me I'd leave.
thanks! I use just basic acrylic brushes. Used to be just a pencil and paper kind of guy. Recently trying to expand my range
I don't take things to heart I just tweet about it!
who the hell wants to see that crazy bitch's ass again?!? You could only vote once a day anyways!
Thank you to all who read, listened, discussed a banned book or watched a movie w/ us this week! We'll be posting pics soon
1. ALL THINGS MUST PASS, 2. PLASTIC ONO BAND, distant third, RAM.
OH: Challenge that one, you big fat fart.
New SINGLE CHEF show Monday evening at 6pm Pacific 9 Eastern...See what I whip up next! www.theroomlive.com
cant wait for honer's reaction
ha i missed u too(:
Bitches tht don't roll wit me, i feel bad for them, i got money flowin, glasses tippin', i'm more than a gem
Good crowd at ye olde . Too bad I'm stuck answering emails. Can't this place book itself yet?
LOL that can happen. So are your Lakers in Trouble?
Will gay marriage/civil union debate play a larger role in Colo and national election this year? After today, who could say no?
1: You hurt my feelings. 2: Your feelings shouldn't be hurt.
Also of note: there's a format here called "Gen X Radio." I was REALLY intrigued up until they played #Staind out of commercial.
It's relief
Know anyone that needs a security package? We install for residential, commercial, and industrial facilities, throughout Los Angeles!!
Truth about Roni?
random shoutouts to and !!
DC: Chancellor Rhee resigns as education guru and opens Rhee's Egotistical Chicken and Waffles; in wards 1, 2, and 3!
I'm almost some with that one too . Lol the flower one shouldn't take as long bc there's no questions .
I love you as you are, but do not tell me how that is.
#resume #tips When going over your resume and career, make sure you have a job title when writing your document.
Ugh. I wanna play a sport next year"/
congratulations Edge
Excited about hitting the road tomorrow with a great coach. Can't wait to pick his brain about hoops. Ready to learn.
Or, the truth is stranger than fiction?
lmao, oh b/c I just knew I was right when I said it earlier <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
good morning boo :)
Not sure yet but probably not...getting em once were there haha
Getting ready to celebrate. Should be lots of fun. Good friends + good food & drinks = a great birthday!
#21CRadio questions are over. Time to network and self-promote. Tell us what you're doing! Share your links!
Bottling up shit is really really bad for you
If 1D to NYC tomorrow I won't be able o go because I have school and my mom work! They should come to Albany again! it is the capital of NY
-c- meet for sure tho! :) love you girl! Love always Elysia. <3
Thanks for the RT yesterday Hope you are having a good day!!
RT woohoo! Friday is the start to a great family weekend!
Happy Birthday George Lucas!
haha. next time! I only have 115gb of memory cards at the moment though :)
That's just life I guess :/
I don't follow suit, I wear the suit! 2012 year of the motivated! Dare to be different! Watch me do me & you"ll never witness a dull moment.
good! Was nice being near water.
I got u boss man lol ur welcome
Facebook bought Instagram. Good thing I didn't jump on that hype wagon lol
when you say "never," it makes it sound so ... never. give me a little something to cling to.
#RIT_BrickCity weekend schedule coming soon!
will do - thanks!
Can homeschooling parents also sign up for a discount card? Please let us know. Thanks so much!
yea it was at the 6 Flags safari and we brought bananas w us. The story gets way more graphic but I'll save that for another time
Tonight Alive = Paramore with a younger, blonde Haley.
Be Like That Then Joe.!!
The closer to Friday the more rants--this is the twitter way.
just noticed haha.
And this surprises anyone?? "A new Pentagon report states that some remains of the victims of 9/11 were disposed of in a landfill."
trying to finish up work for the week and eating a late lunch.
Am I losing it? Just tried to buy 6 books and got an error: the discount code is not valid (it's just the year right?)
he is afraid that they might fight back!
yeah, but i have been remembering new stuff lately. again, that tomato thing was a 15 yrs later flashback
Get the funnest affordable Limo Bus for your birthday! Call today for a quote 619.225.8466
Dig the collaboration beers? The ONLY Cheeky Yinzer firkin of #pcbw is now on at
not really.
you win some you lose some
RT if you like walking in sneakers rather than in shoes.
I wanna go see the vow it looks so good!
where do you work?
I need more followers, a brain gets lonely sometimes, especially Austin Mahone's..
- If you love that, you'll also love Golf is Not a Game of Perfect. Great life coaching book, too. Don't have to be golfer
Weren't you stuck in a hide-a-bed? Or was that the '89 World Series?
I just listened to an album that i will listen to and love for the rest of my life. you guys just set a new standard.
You're joking, right?
Joyeuse Action de Grace ! Be happy.
At my first panel for Mobility: How to Use Mobile for GOTV at
unfortunately no, I have a lot of shoes!!! Lol
Read Castle Clinton's tweets to discover more about the causes and history of the
Well, now! That looks tasty!
Thank you, 99.1, for playing "Don't Stop Believin'" just as I hit the halfway point of entering damage billing.
Aww Bridgett as a pink drum set
Woo Hoo! 130 Likes -- I am feeling like a Star! (At least in my own universe!) Thanks to #AFVMother'sDay12!
I have used this method to train my dogs for 24 years and it works like a charm!.......-Steve W., Bellefonte, PA
Is there some reason my coffee isn't here yet? Has she died or something?
StaffingMarkeplace is now officially on the staffing Industry Analyst website under Products and Services. Check us out and get listed
Halloween Bake Sale in the skywalk today from 11a-1p. Stop by and get some treats and support ProLiteracy.
do you want to join rakes, Willis and Troutman tomorrow at the studio for the call in show?
Can't be here in person? Well tweet us your social media questions! ! Tonight starting at 5:30pm EST!
Biggest stories of the week 3-2-1 Henry happening right now!
also same position that John McCain held in 2008. I don't remember media being giddy about it then.
I think I would have just walked off without taking the exam.
Cool. Send me the link.
Just read about your research on your website; sounds incredibly interesting!
yeah? Hm I hadn't thought of that. Does this city not have Africans ready to get their braid on?
this is just like waiting for you when we would get lunch.
Home to #Phoenix tonight! So so so excited to celebrate with my friends and family at my #bridalshower tomorrow!
Marielle, you are the best. I thank you so much. Reach out if you need anything.
Is the stock market causing you heart burn too? Our Congress & President need to get their act together. Reduce spending, balance the budget
Streaming still isn't working. Anything I try to load is stuck at 7%. It hasn't worked all weekend.
Just got replacement for ancient, recalled iPod Nano. Yay, latest one!!! Thanks, Apple! Wrist band here we come.
In order to be successful you have to have passion for what you do... Because if you don't than its easy to give up
Bo on this snow!
Librarians are numbered like kings and popes.
Starting the newest DCAP ep today. Tracking drums and bass @ Stone Otis Studios with Brandon Santos +
Back to bed for reading and snuggling with kitty while it rains!
Thank God that i pass
Yuck...RT : Can you imagine what that pizza woulda been like if those pickles were frickles?!
have fun at prom:)
Watching Chicago playing Detroit in NHL on tv right now. Go Detroit, go Red Wings!!!
But this is something I don't really know anything about. (YET.)
test driven development (writing the tests before you write the code you're going to test) sounds like a good idea
thanks though
This game was great!
My share for the day: Stand in your Truth. It will strengthen your character... Have a great day on purpose.
Screw bein a trophy WIFE, my man is gunna be a trophy HUSBAND;) jk
for what slots 1thur 10 you send a copy or link so I can put people on to it
You love to drink? So do we! #partyoniChat , hahahahah.
nobody can love you like i can. youre never gonna find a girl that does. because it's #impossible. :'(
Game day baby!!!!
welcome back. about time.
Groove City! Hey Dawn this is Your Cuz!
Thanks for the follow!
hey dude, thanks for following. Don't break your cell. ;)
so exited for uni !!
Completed Timeless, moving on to sci-fi anthology Armored.
Come and get your TAN ON! *HUGE LOTION SPECIAL From 8am-1pm TODAY ONLY* Buy ANY BOTTLE of LOTION for 50% OFF!!!
I can't DM you - that'd be excellent. had a late night brainstorm of, "why haven't we tried this?" Glad to know someone has.
They don't call it Bangkok for no reason honey...
I'd rather be tweeting then doing this boring work :) RT if you read this
Sorry, Dawn. Hopefully you can upgrade soon!
SO DO IT BEST SUMMER, ALL IN YOUR HANDS
Oh my god! I actually was going to get the script because I couldn't remember that quote last night! Real <3 isn't ambivalent!
thank you for the welcome. Hello to you too
Big time props to the #MaherManiacs last night! The student section was loud and gave us a huge lift. We appreciate the support!
great job superstar! Or is it modelpreneur? Read that article - keep it up
Congratulations and THANK YOU to Darnell Williams for 12 years of dedication and service to UMKC libraries!
What did #ResLife staffs listen to on move out day before "Closing Time" was written?
Come see us today, make a non-perishable food donation & get a great cut!
oh no! I just got this! Blast.
My view: Big shift in communications from email to social networks: personal broadcast without the expectation of direct response
Yezzir!! RT : The Bulls woulda ran through the East with Derrick, no problem.
hmm i might get a few looks for asking for that haha but might be worth it to buy one from the store
just the thought of nathaniel strawmyer pisses me off now. ugh.
It don't matter who you are, it is so simple <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing lying about everything, you got your ass beat. End of story.
RT : Check out these ‘pork friend rice’ cupcakes. Perfect to fool your friends and family with on April Fools’ Day!...
let's go!
stumbled on your snippet in the while doing clips at work. Needs more profanities.
Word to the wise, you will encounter turbulence upon approach. Happens whenever crossing the Sandia Mtns.
I love you darling. I hope you feel better soon. <3
Q9. To which of Twitter/Facebook friends would serve as your court jester?
I had reservations about reviews saying The Social Network would "sweep the oscars". All completely valid. Incredible movie...see it ASAP
Oklahoma schools see significant delays in reimbursement of federal funds
Suggestion – Fourth, Share a humorous story without attaching a point. This works great because your humility will attract the audience.
If there's one thing I've witnessed in life:: God is faithful always
I noticed. Thank you! ;~)
yes girlie that was a workout !! The only good thing was the Starbucks :P lmao
thanks for the follow!
thanks not bad from a can huh lol
thx for following me! God bless
of course...I need to get on my FB game. Why no Gold Cup?? It's the most fratastic event of the year
If u have a home phone and you are paying more than $15 for service AND nationwide long distance, smh...you need to Inbox me
Nope, I'm in Hells Kitchen now. Loved Astoria, but love my HK more. ;)
Anyone else gonna camp out on tuesday night to make sure they get a wristband for the 1D signing? Let me know!
RIP Carl Beane, tragic news, worked with him many years at Mutual Radio, made everything easy, true pro, great voice, will miss him
Ugh I don't feel well.
Gun Safes are used for protecting children as well as securing guns from fire and theft.
#Feherty on is def worth the watch ... does a remarkable job of humanizing #golf w great humor/guests -
Can't they do better? I hear Hank Williams Jr. is available. RT American Idol's to sing anthem opener.
Shorts and grilling out in Indiana in March. Not bad :D
Thank you for the follow. Nice to meet you.
God dam
Follow me Plzz I follow back!
no hatred just saying that Kentucky is gay and you wear their clothes.
gurll im such a fan ;) its sad how u die in the hunger games and your not gonna be in catching fire or mockingjay :(
LOLed when & Cameron Diaz announced that award, you gotta take a chancee!
lol of course!
Hi, just FYI, your "name" shows as Web Owner in your tweets. Should probably say something "Waverly" - have a great day!
Filming a ROCK BAND music vid this Sat in SF! Looking for fans to play our song on RB. Email if ya wanna play:
met with Jackie Taylor from Black Ensemble Theater. It's going to be a great addition to the 47th ward.
hold off on sticking in a bigger drive and just swap them around and see if that helps. If not, I can try to get another drive
. It's better to be safe than sorry, but don't u need snow to actually be on the ground in order to mandate snow routes?
Interested in Bytes for Bites digital platforms
only if we have matching bachelor parties in bourbon street.
whoppers, i hate those little fuckers
Sittin in my car on my break its lovely out
We are proud to annouce the THEME for Mifflin 2012: Mifflin Now Mifflin Forever! A great event this year, then Mifflins for years to come!
i have to wait until i get on a computer to watch it doe
So unbelievably excited that #Conan is back!
That's why i don't understand why or how anyone can be pissed at Jagr, so it was a rival team! who gives a fuck?
Thanks for the feedback! We'll work on it! cc
lol oh God weaves are expensive! thats $100 i can actually use
thanks for the article!
Almost complete ..home remodel in #Coronado, CA Beach Home, Neutral colors , soft creams, beige's, and w/touches of turquoise blue.
Usually in my school e is onto guy bands but let me say this I think for the first time there can be a girl band <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
working a new in flames cover video....should be up real soon!! what other cover videos would you like to see (guitar)??? -Ed
def. the app definitely speaks for itself.. all it takes is 2 minutes on and people are hooked
Morning Sunshine!!
Hand model on set.... Then off to taping of new show!
Classic hashtag RT : On my way to pitch for Modesto Nuts this AM.
you too friend! Will I see you again at
Gotta just take this one day at a time
ah now he puts the fire rescue sweatshirt on, lot better!!
did u get a pic of the doppelgängers?
Go Terps! BohsandOs.com will be live Tweeting from the Comcast Center tonight and Route 1 after if the Terps win.
And um I'm making #enchiladas! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
ACL goers: Stop by The Screaming Goat for some grub before heading to Zilker!!
Same here.
Oops! Forgot to submit my monthly highlights from March to my supervisor! We submit stats and "news" of our work.
These girls have been talking nonstop in the room clearly marked "quiet room"
Video today wit my felifeli on! S/o to go follow him!
Even the best fall down sometimes
its time
24 is on fire
Great to meet you at JazzAhead! Looking forward to a great "girl" chat soon! Peace and Pearls!
you mean MLA
watched first few episodes..i like it.. the music is a bit much, but i like the premise
I am forcing my exercise routine to stay put. If I can pin one routine down, I can usually get another one in, too!
But I have like no idea at all :o seriously? ^^ xoxo <U+2665>
found me
you’re welcome to DM me then too, if you’d like any advice or suggestions :-)
Good morning folks. The doors will be open at 10AM as we're dealing with the schools' delayed start. Thanks!
well rocks my socks! And I tweet my posts from too
I can't stop listening to it. Not only are the lyrics hauntingly beautiful, his voice is idyllic
First day at the new job!!
good evening tweeters how are yu!?
No drinks for me this St. Paddy's Day - , see what I sacrifice for you?
CLUB OWNERS! RECEIVE 15% OFF ON YOUR PURCHASES WITH US TODAY! CALL 773-647-1143 FOR MORE INFO
i need more followers asap!!!!!
Will do. Plans for an online retail push? Might be able to help... I can DM you my e-mail.
Happy Friday! Who's ready for the #Colts this weekend?
Any decision is the right decision, as long as you start working towards it today.
RT : Aye STOP what you doing and go follow RIGHT NOW
I know that feeling. I've battled both all my life. I'm getting better w/time & by finding my BLISS~**!!! It's a daily journey.
Holy cow, ANOTHER new announcement. This time, they're headed to Dallas!
I love the new song katy perry did
GREAT Moms, Dads, Grandparents, Aunt, Uncles, Sisters, Brothers, & friends all here to learn and support #foodallergy - at FAAN conference!
Oh god. I need a life. When I come home from school, I go on tumblr. If i don't have my computer, I eat then fall asleep.
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on courage:
I fall for people too fast -__-
Best time to read! “: By the way-some nice coverage in SN&R, Submerge, MidMo and SacBee. Read while you drink!”
has quickly become my fav w/end news shows/Great bipartisan round table discussions.Who needs
Nice work!
29 players so far in today's noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15), still plenty of time to sign up. Registration is open until 1:40 pm.
Hey everyone, check out the pics from this year's 2012 Historic Home Tour in Bankers Hill in our photo album!
I'm super excited for you!
i'm so frustrated right now i just want to go home
i cant take jokes... (:
Most 's tweets are not about him but "you should see this cool thing" says
That might be the move. You going out there?
just spent the last five minutes killing a centipede with my shoe, while apologizing at the same time for not making it's death painless
yep! I'm watching tv on hulu
We make our fortunes and we call them fate. -Benjamin Disraeli
lets keep it 100 here you are beautiful and amazing to me but i felt like im not shit to you other than somebody who cheers you up
If you look close, you can see "Im not real happy" written all over his face
Received my acceptance letter to HFA today! *Did my HAPPY dance*
Today will be a better day for me! All smiles, no worries, all happiness and joy! <U+E41D> <U+E415> <U+E328>
Lake of the Ozarks is the most sought after resort area in the United States for boating and second home owners. Once here, you won't leave!
I first said that #justinbibb was smarter than I, which is still true, but I'm 100% positive #PhilipNiles is smarter than us both.
DYK? Ruby Dee-Legendary award-winning actress is a member of DST ..
LOL I can make postgame comments. I gotta take my kid to a birthday party
lol what is that site?
Why do guys under 30 think it's odd to tuck a sweatshirt into jeans?
(( I didn't want to interrupt. Im enjoying the rain. Lol maybe u can tempt me w/cocoa and oreos?? Lol ))
Broadus is expected to appear at the next Clay Raw,
Waiting to listen to #lonewolf tour
I was hoping I was that special someone. It turns out that wasn't what she meant by 'special'.
Performing Tonight .... Eugene ... Special Event SALSA ... From Portland : Rumba y Cache, Huracan Tumbao and Ritmo LatinoPDX ....
I did
If you are a Top 20 Blogger and Care about Mental Health for Kids, Please Connect and DM us! We'd like to Hear from You! Thanks!
going to try to make it up there
haha sarcasm you smart asses
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 15
My store was playing sexy love.... Uh?? Sappy sad love song... :-P
Finally donee with my homework
it disgusting.
Did he at least come bearing gifts?
The Actors' Network (TAN) Holiday Party in less than 3 hours........
“Does flap of a butterfly's wings in Brazil set off a tornado in Texas?” – Mathematician & chaos theorist Edward Lorenz - Yes! And 1 voice?
what's good bro? U went Lebron James on me? lol
killin it with the flows! and ..kinda craving some lo mein now ha
just realized that #americanidiot casts were at #springawakening stage seats earlier...no wonder the guy with the blonde streaks look fam
Quite tipsy on super bowl sunday lol whos driving? lol
I received a $25 gift card to McDonald's from an instructor whose class I monitor on Saturdays. The thing is I don't eat fast food...(CONT)
Be Sure & Tune in to today from 3-4pm PST... Bringing you the dopest tracks to medicate to...
"I slept at my boyfriend's house yesterday, mom." - my mom . . . "OH U SHREEP AT FWIEND'S HOUSE? OKAY.
description now
Second pass by the Mall! #spottheshuttle even closer! I think I want to cry.
yeah. I heard.
Thanks for following! Please stay tuned for new collections!
This game disgust me.
Yea, I believe it ended on the 23rd.
good night :)
RT : Best of both worlds :) [-] A two-fer--good on ya!
Just discovered that Ron Paul is an advocate for raw milk. Had no idea!
Will today be YOUR Day?
Rainy days make that morning cup of coffee taste extra good :)
lol and i would! you can just call me the postman!
Its gonna be pretty hard for another sunday to be as depressing as this one
Great changes may not happen right away, but with effort even the difficult may become easy. Bill Blackman
Me too. RT Attending the Amigos Online Conf: Plotting Futures!
Ha - actually that was unintentional. But yes.
I know I am(; LOL.
Fuck it. New chapter
Reading "The Greatest Miracle in the World" by OG Mandino--
that's so cool! I want to go to school for photography, but I've only taken a semester high school class. But I love it.
Follow for more Water Music Info
Just fired up the grill on the RiverWalk for Brat/Hot Dog Fry! Join us for lunch 11:30a-1p. 100% of proceeds go to
can't wait to devour that wine bottle wit yaa
Did you find out before or after you took it in and named it?
When it rains, it pours. Last week to be social before I delve into work-a-holicism for a while... actually already there.
Perfect. will come find you.
i know... it's just funny because I used to say the same thing to all of my friends
I gotta say, if you haven't sung You Are Worthy (Eddie James) arr by , you're missing out. Amazing! Prism Music publishes it.
So according to the transitive property of Taco Bell, home plate is the pot of gold and Rickie Weeks is the unicorn.
The team just shutdown Sunglasses Forum!!! Catch us the tomorrow performing.
MARY BROWN: Modernity meets antiquity: Philadelphia Classical Society's ... - Main Line
aww sorry to hear about that. just ignore them u are great dont give in :)
$10 for $20 worth of Authentic Japanese Cuisine at Momoyama Sushi in Henderson, Nevada.
hit us up when you're ready to do your video. Facebook page Swag my video.com www.SwagMyVideo.com
Went to see War Horse last night. Thought it tipped too far to the sappy side. Want to see Mission Impossible.
I gotta take care of this sf feeling
Snakebites and re-dying my hair blue... :3 YAY! :D
Happy Birthday, Queen !
If happy ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
Now quick headbutt.
I think my favorite part of last night was the tattoo show and tell. I can't wait until our generation rules the world.
Lol am I the only one who has met the BOYZ in pajamas?? Hahahaha
Todays been a day full of new adventures
Going to his daughter lax game 2day if u wanna come w.
the plans are all in motion to go back to college in the fall.... so excited!
You havent missed it yet! It's TONIGHT!!!
Define a serious offer.
My mom told me that if i wanted to dance i would have to find someone to teach me 1 on 1 wbu?? #InMyDreams Indiana sucks!
At Billy Bobs, waiting for y'all to start playing ;)
dude that guy in the blue shirt is my Pastor!!! $$$
Finally relaxing after a long day....
#BestFeelingEver clean lobes.
You definitely have no life
lol! Always good as well. I don't know who that was even for, but I so enjoy being the #spellingpolice :-)
The ones who don't believe in love, just haven't experienced it yet.
Kaylyn ( Black ) Coming Over (: MissEm' So Much !.
I'm thinking the Broncos will be shopping the waiver wire hard for Defensive Line help, one man's trash is another's treasure...
time to finish up playing Call of Duty World at War...as soon as i get off work...today Gamer Tag on 360-XDuke72 get @ me!
What's your idea? Let us share it. Arkenbrand.
that, my friend, is vanilla from my head. Hehe.
I hate when girls try to look perfect!! Doesnt imperfection equal beauty? :/
I am really pumped, what do u think about the DH situation? I think they need another lefty reliever, and a lefty bat.
get him on an epic group ride with some hills, he'll be in spandex & gears in no time.
I agree. You can't be your kid's parent and BFF while they're young. It's like jumbo shrimp.
omg ew you nasty fuck, im good y tu? x
If you like football, nonsense and useful fantasy advice, you must read
To those of you twats who came out to le show these past three weeks a big HIGH FIVE and thanks for joining us in our fun.
If you change a hotkey every time it's not what you expected, any #photoshop user can learn #GIMP in a day. Isn't 2.8 a great time to do it?
I want to join #APG and the Speakers group. Got to keep up with the future.
Think the supporting cast in Indy is so new and so bad ... hard for me to say Colts will win more than 6 games.
Hi, Thanks for the follow! Stuart
(1/2) I would go for my husbands birthday and i'd buy tickets to see garth brooks! He is my husbands favorite and the wynn is his dream ...
I think there's a <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AB> outside of my house. Weirdest noises ever. I'm trying to sleep!
Oh lord... what the hell were we thinking....
Headed to the Nelly Remy Martin Party Tonight...Makin Moves!
. You can see it in his face he's scared of Pac taking away that perfect record.
dude i have been watching these and they are amazing
Where? RT Peanut. Butter. Cheerios.
Monday don't be late
I cant stop i wont stop
I know I'll regret it later, but I'm still gonna do it anyway. :x
My dad would have been 60 today.
thx for description! Take a look at Evernote peek, too...
Looks like I'm wearing jeans! It's cold outside!
happy nappy born day god body legit sun moon n stars
I hate when people expect you to know exactly what they want...without them even saying it.
shout to for da follow
GREAt Some People Are very Honest :( but some are still waiting
Ahh, nostalgia. Watching the movie 'Helvetica.' Brings a tear to the eye of an old typographer.
Guys if you wish all girls look like Megan Fox, well too bad, it's not like you guys all look like trey songz
Often we impair God's designed influence(He desires to exhibit through us)b/c of our own conscious efforts to be consistent&useful-chambers
I'm really in the mood for mcdonalds asdfghjkl
Thats right haha now dont you feel better for agreeing with me?
RT It's fitting weather for National Hot Cocoa Day. Have you had a cup yet? "Liquid Chocolate" was a favorite colonial drink!
Not having the right tools is extremely frustrating.
#2011 is my year for music! Seeing , , , w/ AND a new album!!
Good Afternoon Beautiful! Long time no talk. How r things?
Just a few more days for the launch of our Broward Issue of Sprinkles Magazine!
Awesome and amazing to have these tokens of the past. Thank you for sharing!
if you're going to class, sweatpants are always a bad choice!
Dig the fox around your neck RT : oh ok and crazy ?
OMG!!!! Marc is out of his mind! He really wants this Hottest Dude Title!
LMFAO. I love you.
What's been good Tweeterz?!? I know I've been busy, but never forget about y'all. @ Me tho!
That is quintessential Gingrich.
it was only 16 min. didn't want it to be too long. next time i will do the question thing. thanks!
that's amazing! If I'm not on another shoot I'd love to come!
Why is Google Talk not available on iPhone... Frustrating!!!!
It's called snow ya shee!
LMFAOO. i'd rather go to wonderland LMFAO.
Let me see what I can find
Resveratrol can also help maintain already healthy blood pressure and cholesterol levels already in normal range.
Do us a favor and tag us in a tweet,telling all your friends why they should check out . We'll tweet right back at ya!
Welcome to twitterworld
Started a few months ago after I first slipped into the depression I went through. It's starting to scare me a bit.
RT : good to see you here and lets get the party started. - (It's good to be here!)
Finally watched #MoralKombat. If you're looking for an evenhanded account of the debate over violent video games, be sure to check it out.
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to Gossip Girl
RT "The only thing you can change is yourself, but sometimes, that is enough" - Anon
Just finishing up renovation of condos north of Boston. Beautiful two bed, two bath residences. Now for sale.
-- when it comes to UK/IU...March 23, 2012 kinda trumps every reg season game. Sorry :)
like it was yesterday
Peace bro! follow back
please follow me you da bomb!!!!:)
Eenie, meenie, miney, mo. You ain't nothing but a hoe. You think you're cool, you think you're classy, but to us, you're just trashy.
At Broadway Pier on bay downtown San Diego for press conference supporting Navy Broadway Complex project. New jobs & revenue for San Diego.
Sarah Baker opening at BES tonight!
well I'm glad you told me that after you followed lol
*looking at the tl* ...I canT believe The Real World still exists...I havenT watched it since 05 or was it back to Chicago? ^_^ i 4get
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!! 6
#14 I like your bio :) and your icon :D
Seeing ppl from my high school at random places.. makes me miss it :(
ha ha! I haven't heard "jello shots" in a long time! that's a very mid-west term, in my mind anyway!
I Followed Yuhh Now Yuhh Follow Me Please
Either twitter eating tweets or ppl deleting shit.
Completely honored.
Men respect women who is confident in herself. has morals and stick to them.
Good post, and totally agreed. If it's like a job, they should get paid.
Don't you mean "Chris" Everett his ass?
right so why bother it's all bullshit just do you is what I say<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I'm in for the long haul.
Dear brain, make the tears stop. Please. I've been happy for like the past week. I don't like when you do this. - love me
iTunes Genius won't even work at all for me. I don't think it can handle my 400 GB megalibrary.
Nice to see the bats producing.
Nice new Facebook strategy! Your campaign is one of our favorites!
George Jefferson > Jordan Jefferson #BCS... pic.twitter.com/qXnuFNub
Hell yeah, running quiet like it's new or sumn
Just made some breakfast for dinner. Can't do wrong with some breakfast.
Back from Mexico and LA had a blast
He played the most minutes after saying he couldn't play. Joke
Happy Father's Day! Last minute brunch plans? Join us, 10am - 3pm; 415.563.7700.
My sis officially becomes an iPhone user today! Good riddance sh!teous Blackberry!!!
My B-day be coming up soon....I will be accepting donations to Save the Gorilla's via Paypal....message me for my email if u care to donate!
I hate you best buy for recommending a printer that doesn't work! The ink is full so stop saying it's not
Family faces are magic mirrors. Looking at people who belong to us, we see the past, present, and future. ~Gail Lumet Buckley
Its like I don't even know you anymore...
RT : Barton Springs Update: Austin Parks and Rec Dept Aquatics Div w re-open Barton Springs Pool Fri, May 18! YEA
Hey haven't heard from you hope all is well.
Sweet dreams! SAT and then Atlanta with Gaby tomorrow :)
feels like she's cheating on FB with Twitter when she updates here.
Today, is our Clairemont Garden Tour & Expo. The Tour runs from 10am-4pm, Expo runs from 2pm-6pm. Tweet us if you have any questions!
Text me.
To be excluded by omission is to be excluded based on perception of value.
No...just no Step Boyz.
ever coming to Maine??
RT “: I ain't eating right or sleeping right but I'm working right!”
hey r we doing the conference. call tonight
RT Mayo Clinic? No thanks. When my mayonnaise gets sick, I just throw it away.
i always am asked why i like the forest so much it has a really deep meaning <3
Happy day of mothers... and my beautiful mother and future LOve you my love
Thanks for following!
how was your day ?
Donna Brazile visits the Political Junkie to talk debate prep, spin and exploitation...hr2 Travel writers Pico Iyer and Paul Theroux -YOWZA
Come see us in Peoria!
nm :) just chill u?
u hater!!
Welcome Back Braun 23 in a row.
Should I get up or go back to bed? Lol
WHAT IS THE HUNGER GAMES EXACTLY??
YSL at the Denver Art Museum with and Momma!
I think im sick! My throat hurts and my eyes are so irritated!
...ineffective leadership would be my guess.
I'm trying out for #EscapeRoutes reality T.V. show challenge.Think I should be a cast member?retweet #teamwhitney write your tweet in below.
HAPPY LATE THANKSGIVING.. WE STARTED OUR EATING OFF EARLY LOL
Giveaways, college football, Rockies, Broncos and all Colorado sports talk! Chime in, AM 1510, 303-297-1510
We can't wait to hear it!
thank you (;
so i lost my voice, yayayayayay. this is just great.
That workout>>>
did you buy a lottery ticket too? Lol
Just had #PizzaHut for lunch...can't beat free pizza.
Excited to begin working with Jackson's Bistro Bar & Sushi!!
with no driver and mommy screaming 'Rrrrrric!!!'
BREAKING NEWS; More #nasty #breakups in the limelight and thats and the mother of hes children.
Right, Now.. I want too Rave, Until My brains fall out.
Putting on a fake smile, so you don't have to explain why you're not happy.
When my eyes keep watering. <<<<<<
Switched at Birth <3
NO STOP SAYING THAT YOUR NOT A DIMWIT!!
oh dead baby jokes... difference between a dead baby and a sandwich? I don't fuck my sandwich before I eat it
o that sounds awesome!
"If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it." - Jonathan Winters
He did...like 5 years ago (2005) just before he started on Criminal Minds. Look again
Despise not death, but welcome it, for nature wills it like all else.
Considering buying a home? Start the process by calling Mountain Trust Mortgage & Realty today! (858) 376-1299
or the brand
Goodmrng lil bro. Have a great week. Peace
I'm working a 15-day voyage from San Diego to Ecuador, ending in Costa Rica. I'll be in SD for two days for my training. THANKS!
PROUD OF AUSTIN MAHONE
Does anyone know where i can find a Barrack N' Roll shirt?
What kid and conversation .-. ???
I certainly wouldn't know... hehe! RT : What is an extreme pet owner????
shit I just missed the shuttle.
thank you for you prayers. He had been in and out of the hospital for the last 3 years with lung problems.
Congrats to the UK softball team for getting a bid into the NCAA Tournament. And amazingly enough they're in the Louisville regional.
If you are #teamknicks the worst part of it all is hearing Mike Breen suck off the Heat like this bullshit didn't just go down.
haha nice :p you should text me bud
This woman just spent $62 in the Dollar Tree. The poor sales clerk had to scan every single bottle of bubbles and pack of highlighters...
Omg ive be glad wen all this waiting is over.....
:-) You can't ignore what's right in front of you#=$+!
nothing for dinner -_- cuhs im too bored to get food
When we stand for what's right, we never stand alone.
So today I was thinking I want to over use the word
I dunno, but they're gonna be really good next year.
So about that Heat & Knicks game.. ..
WHERE ARE YOU CHILD!? aare you back c:
best problem to have! I have it 2 lol
Nah it sucks but I'm going over by merch now
Heavy rain, high winds and hail on the way 25-30 min.
I know why the boyz like Bucca Di Beppa. It's like a porn show in there with their "art". o.O
The Silk Tie likes David! He doesn't have a tie on in his picture, but he should :) thesilktie.com
Thanks for the RT! :)
Looking forward to Next week!
I rather like the Lotto shorts
Brittany is coming to my next game,
Thanx for following! Wonderful wisdom, even frm Midland! Hubby is frm there--you must get your inspiration from above :-)
Come on Kirk! Lol RT : ": -___- #harsh". Deserved. I don't ask much of you my brother and when I did
Another successful day with &
Hell yeah!! get the OT win! 1-0!!! Power play still sucks but we'll take win!!!
I don't have one either -- not in Mich anyway...but over in Canada, they have tons of sushi places that are amazing
RT : it's wonderful when an everyday purchase can make such a difference!!
thank you mistress I'm looking for one
if only the bucks would wake up!
I want the DOK Multitouch tables for our group study area.
How is there not a hashtag for an e-Learning conference?
only if you'll be my date!
We have an exciting new website coming out by the New Year!
- the DH wants to Outwit DLS, and start earlier today. Alas, Lily Marie is on meds schedule - too confusing!
Happy day. May this be the absolute best Thursday ever.
All day in the apt. doing HW isn't so bad if you are reading "The Book Thief" and expecting the love of your life to come home any minute!
44 days till i get to see and again!! asdfghjkl
Aww thank you Don, that just made my day!
1 word to describe me is...AUTHENTIC
watching the Casey Anthony trial at skate zone?
"You will show me the path of life: in your presence is fulness of joy; at your right hand are pleasures for evermore."~Psalm 16:11
Crafty play by Canó! Web gem.. maybe
I am dead. Not like I find something funny dead, but dead dead.
Heat don't know the importance of regular season messages!!! Didn't you see how that affected them last year?! Oh, wait...
#THANKYOUThursday to new followers: - I look forward to your #DoGood tweets
is brainwashing me.
If Len Goodman doesn't give Donald Driver a 10 for this, then to hell with Len Goodman.
following back :)
Every business needs an app and ClickCom provides cost effective mobile apps
wait what is it like?!
It's actually really cool :) Try it, and if you have any questions, feel free to ask.
u coming to school?
You didn't have to stoop so low
RT : People, stop dreaming nude! Fantasize some clothes on!
can I get just one dance with yu lady.. lol W.O.R.D.
Thank you so much! I knew Google was wrong. Is their any accents? Spanish is weird :P
Don't let me get in my zone....don't let me get in my zone....
i wanna be your man ! ctfuu
you are a ass and don't talk about Taylor or I will jump out of your computer screen and slap the shit out of you PUNK
ugh, I feel sick again
The goals that you set in life help create your accomplishments!
I LOVE ME SOME MICHAEL PHELPS.
I'm amazed how some companies spend millions on TV ads and then you go to their site and it looks like it lives in 1999!
O yeah I almost forgot...WE FOLLOW BACK
There's champagne in my shoe
Olympic trials for T&F end of June, correct?
Headed to Milford, DE for tonight's show @ Circles. Be there!
Spent the day steam cleaning the carpets. If even thinks about peeing on it, he will be wearing a diaper.
so people can steal shit? No thanks.
Dodgers Celebrate Jackie Robinson Day With a Win
Are we a country of laws or politics? Does our constitution rule or do politicians? SCARY TIMES!
haha ok I'll tweet you tomorrow:) goodnight
Great idea, just like they do in NY. Informed parents should be able to be aware of sex offenders in their area.
Glad I'm not a #Mariners fan who went to see them get shut out a only get three hits. Crap that is me!
Im lost...
I need more followers for give a ways! Let's go, Milwaukee!
RT : I need some dick ... BIG THICK DICK :/
": Show tonight! In the wise words of "I dont wanna see a single person moving!"" funniest moment all night.
interested in some...you have a schedule?
you should bring back
that was the pic i took, for your icon :)
our screams are silent / yet they echo across these concrete plains
Congrats on the very successful $YELP IPO today.
I love you so much! I hope ur having fun in Asia! Will u follow me please? Its my birthday! Hope I can meet you oneday.
You're welcome! It was definitely retweet worthy. :)
Topics covered by today, ordered by number of blog posts about each: 1. Instagram, 2. Election, 3. Zimmerman.
Tied half in the #Kansas v #UNC game.
Working his paws to the fluff! RT : Busy Teddy Bear.
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all
We want to see in San Francisco !!
awww what would i do with out you <3
Now I'm of consenting age to be forgetting you in a cabaret. Somewhere downtown where a burlesque queen may even ask my name.
Thanks so much for the RT's and Have a great weekend!
#3WordsOfAdvice shut your mouth
hunger games trilogy. Better and timely with movie coming out. Katniss is so much better as a role model.
Grab a bowl of awesome soup! Cream of Asparagus, Seafood Gumbo (crab, shrimp, and clam), Tomato Bisque, Turkey Wild Rice & Chicken Dumpling!
now that's an artist. Not the other bs ones mentioned previously
I can't understand why Capitol won't release Glen Campbell's 1968 That Christmas Feeling LP on CD--imports are $100's on eBay
Ack! Trying not to have the sads.
Yay! Surprise!!! Of course I was a nerdy spaz when I finally told him :P
yes! That sounds like fun!!
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about #life: it goes on."
OK, who doesn't love Bubba Watson. He was just talking about how important his faith is to him. Way to go Bubba
Hundreds of patients, seniors, students, families, and home care workers arriving in Albany right now to tell the Legislature: Pass the MRT!
Thank You! Pls join along on FB - I love the interaction! I'll will check out your .com page tonight - running out the door!
Win a copy of WALKING HOME TO ROSIE LEE- one of the few kids' books on Reconstruction. Tweet #WhereIsRosieLee? to enter.
u got robed son haha
No problem. I look forward to that, too. :)
I'm doing better :) You proud of your lil sis? Out of 450 on my CAHSEE, I got 414 in Math and 441 in English ^.^
it's by Roomba. Just mops my floors.
I was sweeping when I saw Dylan followed me. I did a dance and the dogs attacked me but it's ok!
"The only tests req'd are 1) 1 person from each of reproductive genders 2) old enough to consent 3) not rel'd"
Love this RT : TFTD - Many times when people tell you that you have changed it's because you've stopped living your life their way.
DIVAS OF DEVIANCE TOMORROW!!! BE THERE!!
So sorry about that. I'm glad you ended up saving money!
Done with my last midterm week and en route to the city! #Brazil tomorrow!!!
Eastday-Indonesia lifts tsunami warning
oh wow awesome!
Do you still love me??
I owe you so major...
being in the library without aderall and/or beer sucks extra.
Great Monday
Irony: putting a copy of SkyDrive for Mac on Dropbox so I can get to it from my other machines.
filming cheesy spanish projects >>>>> actually presenting them to the class <<<<<
It's bring your child to work day here
welcome to the club
Anyone Wanna Tweet Me.? Im Bored. I Want A New Friend.
RT : I will be at the with starting at 2. I want to hire someone!
Rec sports. The south shore Y doesn't have soccer for little ones.
Oh my god everyone play me in draw something
- and you are hoping for what? lol Naughty, but don't tell Santa!
Rough day. Ran to PR by multiple minutes but the wheels came off around mile 22 b/c of cramping. Still finished but painful
back home in DC! how sad it is to say goodbye to vacation!
I've got some pizza..but I can't promise it'll make it to you.....
Adding Cinnastix right?!!?
I hate wen I have 2 ask 4 my money,u borrowed it!
“: mean and the grinning idiot should have put the wolf out of it's misery”-agreed.
actually O'Sheas would be dope too since its an Irish spot
This is me getting up every morning reading text with only one eye open -_o
doesn't even need to be hardware. Just mention "eye - toons"
you're crazy!!!
Thanks for putting me on
Chef Robuchon will be in Las Vegas on Tuesday!
No problem! Anything to help spread the ele-love 4
sour diesel
It's not going to fix backlog or most delays in getting patents. No one really knows how new post-grant procedures will work.
it's in like south bay, right?
I want to go to a #UNLV basketball game dammit.
Another day another flight -- lax 2 sjc
Thanks for being you, you!
oh, hey world! shit, where have I been? really doesn't matter though cause im back and back to blogging. keep you posted <3
BUT ITS TERRIBLE (right?)
Selling photo prints at the Spokane Arena Sat the 17th of Dec during the Chiefs game. Stop by the main concourse and pick one or two up!
OMG that sounds so amazing, I can't go ANYWHERE that has skee ball and not play, I'm the biggest fiend in the world
Wish I'd asked more ?? when grandparents were alive..they had fled to escape the Muslims..they were Christian..I still love the Scots
. Thanks guys!!
only one of the graduating committee members is an intl student, but she has an early grad ceremony tomorrow :(
Oh 4 sure !! Most definitely!!! DM ur # I lost all my contacts. But I been good!! What u end up doing to celebrate?
neosporin it! and only use a bandaid if necessary. also don't break it, it will take longer to heal.
I thought I was your best friend?
Hey GAAPers! See you bright and early tomorrow morning! #hoyasaxa /yd
Jesus. You're so emotional tonight.
I am the female weezy. (;
It has been a long time since I've rock and rolled. I've been getting the shakes in the morning. Thank god for shows this week.
Miami Heat won!!!! Miami Marlins won!!!! Now Florida Panthers won!!!!! Yes it's a great day of sports in Florida!!! Trifecta baby!!!!
Komodo dragons are best dragons. <3
"I don't have pet peeves. I have psychotic fucking hatreds." - George Carlin. Basically defines me while I'm in psychology class.
get Rob Wilson on the pine - he looked like a college basketball player!
We danced to week to week, brought back the love, we found trust, vowed we'd never give it up, remember when
Today is my birthday! The best present ever would be a tweet from you!!
just chillin with some buddies. what about you?
Game 3 of the playoffs is in the bag. SCHS takes down E. Lousiville 52-14.
Do you flavor your oatmeal with tea? Herbal teas work great for this. Share your favorite tea & oats combo with us!
why am i in this class if and aren't here?
1 more follower to 500!!!!!!!!!!! A small milestone, but a milestone #humble and thankful for our followers.... (:_:)SJSTeam
; this sappy ass song would come on.
Starting my zigzagy trip to KC. I even managed to get a whole row to myself on plane #1, yay!
the three seasons before this one felt like 20 to me...especially with some many lakers fans around me :-/
saw this an had to do it cuz my bday is soon to "Your birthday is a special time to celebrate the gift of 'you'to the world.
It's been a while since I've asked, but please go request Bubblegum Boy on !
BOL" THiS iS ELECTRICITY BLUE".!
So that's what a quince tree looks like! Pick a few, just in case . . . .
Hello . !! How you doin' today??
#UShouldnt Say Things To Down Other People. Like You Fat You Know What....Lol
he tried to hide it. I saw articles that said that too. He was a bit strange at times lol
lol you're such a spammer! and katie its just allergies I'm not gonna die
Been on chill mode all day
I think taht coronas getitin to me
In. FINALLY.
Thanks for 1 of the best webseries out there! If you ever need help w/S3, I'd be more than happy to.
I think they come out slow but once Manu & get in the game... It should be go go
The dollar stores sells pregnancy tests and coat hangers, talk about one stop shopping
Happy mother's day mom <3 and happy birthday Justin (: #LoveYouGuysss <3
Rockin' out in English.
last days at mays
My opinion - #thefive is #redeye for grown ups.
FOLLOW ME CODY??? Please?????
too bad most of the calls are, "can you fill this form out?" or "can you refill this habit-forming medication?"
Cool. We ended up at a playground this morning. Now I'm back at it. In a few, we're headed out for smoothies.
gotta get my hair French Braids and right after tht whole 4 hours of pain my head is gonna be hurting extra hard all day long
Does massage therapy at Massage Envy change the way you live your life? Give a shout out to your favorite therapist!
first chance i get im moving to a big house in the middle of no where
5 years and halfway around the world! Nice to see you at the old stomping ground
So much to get done between now and Saturday. Being a Matron of Honor is hard work! (cc: )
Yhur gonna need me before I need u
good seeing you all Friday night! Can't wait for the new record
I showed the catalog to Halliburton, and she goes, "The one on the right looks like she's about to throw up."
I need food
Grand Slam for David Dejusus. Cubs lead 4-1 in the 7th.
Beeb "portable citizenship" couldn't agree more, Why they didn't associate license w digital content I don't know
no ;( Ill start it now (:
Love my Snuggy !
"you shouldn't have that much pain" MY ASS! i'm ready to rip my leg off. #LIARS!
it's sad that when I saw english translation of ROTK, I thought it meant the LOTR Return of the King
yes mam we do.
I have absolutely no motivation whatsoever to write this paper.
will be here at lexington sports cards friday from 5-8pm signing autographs!
I'd be glad to swap this here pile of papers and red pen for your existential holiday crisis, trains, lunch, and book.
no problem anything I can do to help lmao
Did you know that Chuck Norris was in Jurassic Park?Remember when the dinosaur was chasing the jeep?he was chasing the dinosaur.
ok, you convinced me.
It's because I have an Android! Their music is so good! :D
nice! Yeah I have no idea where this is in contrast to the hotel. All I know is I'm a block down from westgate.
You know just casually having a conversation with Caitlyn Henry on gifboom :)
It's official!! We want to welcome & to the Transform Music family!!!!
Elise should've sailed to top three. Talent could run for president & America still wouldn't vote for it. Morons.
Seeking galleries who want to be part of the hot new "Parasite Art Fair" so named cause it's designed to live off Art Basel.
Just got back from a Kris Kristofferson concert...need to decompress and hit the sack. It was just poetic awesomeness!!!
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. -Carol Burnett
I think A is Ezra. I know crazy, right? I suspected him since day 1. Maya could be an accomplice.
Cinco De Mayo. It's not a Mexican Holiday, ya know, but still, go have fun drinking Tequila and wearing a Sombrero and pretending it is. :)
Austin's amount of Mahomies is growing.
I like a girl, she loves me as a friend and hanging out with me but the question is, does she LIKE me? RT for answers please.
M, loving Scandinavia this year too -- Tooji + Loreen! Russia is always hilarious, haha! There's lots of good ones, esp. Serbia!
The next blog post is coming soon, featuring a guest blogger! She'll talk about social media mishaps!
the look my neighbor just gave me in the elevator affirmed that, yes, he can hear me singing made-up lyrics to silly melodies thru the walls
Just finished my 50th batch of indexing - yeah!
GL: my colleagues see in New Orleans..unchallenged power becomes base for wrongdoing everywhere. Asian Am scholarship attacked
aww lol i've talked to like 3 mahomies that live outside the US today haha i hope he does a world tour for you guys :)
Sounds like a great idea. RT : I'm thinking the first day of spring should be celebrated with a full plate of fried chicken.
last night was bunk af
Thanks to
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
I'm so tired... I think I'm going to pass out when I get off work tonight. Coffee not even helping... Calgon take me away...
Sorry Corbett - expect some massive speedups next week
The Black Keys live at the tonight! Stop in & see us
The DPS webpage was hacked recently. We are working on getting it back up and running ASAP. I'll let you know the second it's working again!
Had my Nap now Im Super Bored!!! WtD??? Hm
more of a fat cat comment generally
I don't use textbooks -- but even in compiling readers, I try to make sure to use as many open texts as possible
That would be epic daytime drama.
im following u hon;)
I'm having the same problem. :P
Good Morning Young World and all who inhabit it (:
aye text me idk if I got the right # for you
nyc is on fire tonight with dj's eleven and moma at the Good Spot party at CV.
Mtv movie awards!! #teamtwilight yeahh buddy!!
Thank you for the follow! Would you like us to send you a free bookmark? Please email to
Thank the man upstairs for another day..lil wayne"yeahh" on repeat
venting over the phone
“: #FF New England's Newest Hitmakers...” <~ Yea!! Thanks dude!!
Nothing. There is no such thing as a generation. Might as well use astrology.
2/4 Dessert Special: Chocolate Cheesecake with Raspberry Sorbet
If you don't know now you know
I think it's nap time..
traffic already backing up on Harrison for #uic LAS commencement
BAHAHAHAHAHA! Omg! I can't even deal! Do you wanna move in with me?
Go Brew Crew!!!!!
No way! My mom thinks it's a total load of crock. The four of us turned out well, and we all find her cool... so, you're good.
Wolf gang wolf gang wolf gang or die
RT : ?? Chuck Bass. Im trying to Sleep Caroline!!
I love seeing people who I haven't seen in forever.
What's the weirdest thing a roommate can do?
Today wd be a great day for a bike ride in the park. But the only pedals I'll be using are on the organ. Looking forward to practicing tho.
has found myself. Sadly, it is awake.
Taylor Swift jam out... haven't done this in so long :)
I've been to many baseball games, thank you! I know its navy yard, just fun to mess with you pauly n!
im on that status, this machine guns course and muy thai training is draining me.. Your on that #empress status lol lame
Yay! I now have 4500 subscribers on ! I would like to thank ! :)
At #woodgrillbuffet with the whole family!
wrong. It's all about Chinese <3
I didn't win. TOTALLY in shock. :/
I'm in
New Years)
If these walls could talk I'd fuckin' move out immediately
Thx for exc talent tactics & takeaways! Now on emplr brand: mix of created & crafted?
Perfect! I'll see if I can wear it for a scene in the web show I'm doing, Thank you!!
Maurice Sendak was one of my all time favorites. I'm sad to hear he passed.
whats everyone doing today...I have 3 more days till school starts again..have to gear up to start programming again
Beautiful day for a drive. Unless it includes the 101/405 interchange. How about that #405LINE, ?
: Come to Vegas! Aha ;p
#schoolmemories overdosing on caffeine pills and having heart palpitations every week...
Carpet can make a bedroom feel cozy and comfortable. It's much nicer to step out of bed onto a soft carpet than onto a hard floor!
Sorry may not be good enough for what I've #DONE but please forgive me
My honor student just got detention for writting an inapproprate rap at school. I'm so proud :(
Great food tonight! Had great company too! with &
I WANNA MEET
I got this
Great news, BLF is a much more enjoyable venue.
JB, why you no let me buy your song? =[ I waited up...
A good way to get traffic for your website is by writing a useful widget that links back to you. You can use widgetbox to publish.
Thanks anyway man! When you coming by? Haven't seen you in a while.
LOL! RT : Best Feeling Ever = Watching your ex downgrade.
Cmon boys Crawford is playing his heart out. Give him some help!
Good for them.
#Dateline Friday! It's how I wrap up my Friday night. Great storytelling.
well i doubt if there is one in new mexico lol
Special exhibition at Porsche Museum celebrating 60 Years of Porsche Clubs
what up shawnna
Looks like our twitter page was hacked! I apologize to anyone who received strange messages which looked like they were from us!
It is so hot outside!
I just got an email from twitter reminding me to tweet. So here it is
About to watch The Silence of The Lambs for the first time ever. I hope I can sleep tonight
Thanks. And double thanks for sending our way. He's the greatest.
Went to CVS. No one at the front because they have do-it-yourself checkout. All employees are huddled in back of store gossiping.
Great insight and resource
Thanks for the follows all!
Talking about Listserv w . Horror story about an out of office situation that sent over 200 replies. LOL
Creative entrepreneurship: Create a job/work; find a customer.
School then work,,,,
haha I feel like I look like I'm 10 in those pics ! Haha
thanks for all the RTs and shoutouts!!
Free drinks til 10 pm right now!! Everyone and all serving you is
i bought some yesterday..can't wait to run with you in one month!!!
moon looks like it's been painted in the sky. I'm quite stunned
i know it's hard to watch golf on tv but did anyone see what tiger did yesterday ? words can't really describe it. amazing is a good word.
It doesn't matter. Do you wanna get beat by the Heat or Celts??
Great Yankees game tonight, wait all weekend!
did you kno chuck norris farted once. it was called the manhattan project lol
Not stabbing tickets after you already sold them #kitchenpetpeeves #memorabilia ?
alright... I'll run some miles w/ you all. Would be great as supported training run. I'll reg as it gets closer
I'm happy to live in a country where I can stay home all day and enjoy a Saved By the Bell marathon.
I have a question? Can consumers buy direct? Glasses look great!
looool @ twitter drama~
Boozer u are worst NBA player no D , ugly shot , no Heart !!!!! U Suck Chicago Bulls over pay u !!! I hope u gone next season
Dear wine, I missed you most of all while I was on lots of pain meds and a muscle relaxant. Dear neck, please get better.
Commission public input hearing tomorrow night at 6pm at the State Capitol Room 4203.
If anyone wants to attend a special Breathe Carolina show at the AOL office tonight, follow & RT the contest tweet
Aw dang! :( That sux! Spencer loves he's sweaters. This ones a little big and makes him look tiny lol
8 to 16 inches of snow tonight although beautiful will put a damper on my plans for the next 2 days. Bo
The first step, my son, which one makes in the world, is the one on which depends the rest of our days
Today's Dental Tip: Remember to replace your toothbrush - or electronic toothbrush head - every few months.
One thing that surprises me is that historians of ideas downplay fear of military character so much.
#SO to #300. Who's it gonna be? You?
if only i had a phone with a camera. i would totally take a picture of this guy sleeping at the library
He'll be Jimmy Carter times ten.
I'm looking for interns or volunteers to help out the Hollywood Jammers Pro Basketball team. If you have a specialty , please email me.
Yay, congratulations to our own for being named a 2012 CSR Professional of the Year by Way to go Sonia!
"Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car."- Evan Davis
How the hell did I agree to read three 100+ page undergrad theses by mid-April?
Amazing VMA this year! Congrats to all winners! :)
It is a good time to try lots of new and different things
Expect a whole day tomorrow of excitement, nothing can bring me down
You win! Nice work, DM us your size and address!
I want to move into Hobby Lobby. Peace out, Michaels! So happy we finally have one in Vegas. I do need a second job :)
Jones about to beast out
Metaphor for Networked Leadership: A net can lose a link or two, a rope just breaks.
Glad you liked the game :) bummer that it was buggy for you. What did it do to your taskbar?
People give me shout outs I need to get more followers ! ( :
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Orabrush YouTube Case Study: Screw Viral Videos
Will do and thanks for the mention as well. RT : Looking forward to another great show in Vegas.
Was just kidding on the blog! Sorry if it caused you anxiety.
If by the end of today, we're still talking about and not the #tsunami, he's definitely
For those who saw the SAG awards - SCORSESE!!!!
Happy Easter everyone! Wishing you all a beautiful day surrounded by loved ones
"Watch for the opportunities for doing things, for there is nothing well done but what is done in season." - ÆSOP
Ibelieve that excellence is an attitude and thus strive to show my students,by example,that we must welcome and weigh criticism Michael Yard
TONIGHT: Pineapple Jacks. New tunes and classics. 485 Spencerport Rd in Gates. Bring your west side gumar! www.digglersbridge.com
Thanks for the support! Big UPS on the choons!
Had to say that because people are just to damn sensitive these days about dumb stuff.
Responsive web design: same URL, same code, same content; design & layout adapts to screen width automagically
I appreciate your support so much! I'm really thinking about starting one now!
Acting like a baby is supposed to be a sexy role-play!? That's just dumb "oh there's nothing better than changing shitty diapers!" bahaha
Thanks so much for your support!! :)
Me, too!
Big week ahead - happy Monday New Yorkers! Don't get caught in the rain!
I actually use G+ more than twitter now, but for completely different purposes (meeting new people of similar interests)
I know I think I may cry if it was. but tomorrows episode seems so good
Some exciting news about a windowspace... Think you can guess what it is before we spill the beans tomorrow?
It's a new week stop saying
I predict theo and tito are in chicago next season...but what do I know about baseball.
It's in Wellington, Florida right near West Palm Beach! :)
So great! I wonder where else they are in the city...
Just signed for for 's #cmtraining and catching up on my first two sessions - looking forward to learning from other com managers!
GOrillas! Have fun today!
Show me your horse and I will tell you what you are.
That Junior Seau 911 call man....wow.
Back in Paris for the weekend to shop the flea markets with clients. If you're in town let me know! Also holding a giveaway later today!
aye giirl aye ;) and chilling you?
Please Follow ! They are amazing!!
nope never. This just woke me' up lol is your phone dead?
OMG your so cool because you claim that you smoke weed
no you don't
I think ne'er do wells are certainly not hopeless - they just need nudges in productive directions
yes we heard it :-)
your welcome. : )
Sitting in the airport pretending that I don't do accidental tweets anymore.
When falls asleep on the phone <<<< -____-
What a dazzlingly spectacular evening. Anyone up for getting outside? Football. Soccer. Kickball. Anything.
I know - w/ WW it's just a matter of access (? DVDs?). Re: BE, pilot didn't grab me, but I'll give it a 2nd shot.
It is in our spiritual blindness that we convince ourselves that we can live life by our own strength and understanding. -James P. Gills, M…
Eastern rattlesnake slithers closer to U.S. endangered list: BIRMINGHAM, Alabama (Reuters) - The eastern diamondback rattlesnake, Nor...
At focus on visitors session discussing our best and worst experiences as visitors
Like the new pic? Big, creepy eye!
Assembly dems gather to announce what is assured to be passage of min. Wage bill. This as prospects in senate for bill have not brightened
Pre-Orders for TA & T2 have begun!!! W.radiantrecords.com
agreed! I've been hesitant about getting back into making vids because I'm not sure what I have offer is unique enough. :-/
That's nothing new. I already saw "Ben-Hur"
I have been so blessed this week! lots of auditions and shot a television show and short film! :) Bring on Monday!
Are you replacing it with a new dslr?
You need to keep up. Mister no work tomorrow.
Love is a huge part of life. Embrace it full of hope and with good intentions. People are only scorned when the above doesn't happen.
who says writing isn't better sex?
I am a sexy substitute teacher for Paul Mattingly at the drop in before SET, 6 to 8 at the Onyx.
Favorite lyric ever?
On the way to lunch, we took a peek at the Great Hall —abuzz with activity in preparation for tonight's #MetGala!
The amazing tv producer Bill D'Elia just tweeted at me.
So excited for to start!!
Best. Comment. EVER! Hahaha thank you for sharing that with us!
don't know if it's what you imagined when you started it, but Mahalo has become my go-to place for anything breaking
Never wear shorts to Publix.
Can't really tell if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
You should probably stop going to that restaurant. : )
RT It's not knowing the answers that really matters, it's knowing the right questions to ask.
i told you from experience
I take that back, this month marks the one year anniversary of the band. Holy shit that's insane
Santorum dropped out of the race. Excuse me while I run my Victory Mile.
good way to start a marriage off right. just don't tell my wife I said that. ;-)
Im watching you right now on younow ! #RT <3
lol thanks girl love you too!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><U+2764><U+270C>
A full moon tonight..
SayyWhat Are They Trying To Take The Boyz Away From Us?? This Is Just BS..! Mann FML
umm no. I effin hate bowling. how about laser tag?! Lol
unacceptable. Have I taught you nothing?? Disgrace...
I need you to be Michael Meyers tonight. Straight body the pistons.
Sigh . Im not having a good morning.
brunette nao guise k
No this dude is not walking by mockingbird bird lane and 35
RT : Possibly the most wonderful thing about America is its robust tradition of internal critique. To be critical is to be at...
I need two more golfers on my team for the tournament Friday morning
or sometimes they get eaten by chipmunks.
We are now offering Pet Meds via our website! Check it out!
It's so he can rip off Patrice O'Neal's last special.
Can't sleep. Knee hurts. :/
I've donated my time here,so many wonderful animals that need loving homes, please consider adoption and make your life better!
Death and Decline of craft in music. "Wallpaper - Fucking Best Song Ever"
It's gonna feel real good to be in my own!
love melissa! fun ahead: my disstn proposal: kids' writing online?! hope you'll be in jacksonville @ LRA. always inspiring..
aw :( we'll have double the fun for you passing out free condoms in the Castro tonite!
Hang in there, Jacoby. All the best from Red Sox Nation in NYC.
I do sometimes, but it depends on how closely I follow the person giving the recommendation. Any suggestions for moms?
Smiling when i take pictures in public:)
Had my first week collab beer, Cheeky Yinzer. Nice job and
Thunder Alley tomorrow?(:
go lakers last night..just wakin up to another hazy day in LA..
#earthquake felt at #eastman dental #roc cool!
Not getting my permit until junior year because I'm a loser and my birthdays in September. Fml.
Heading to the heartland.
What are the coolest fundraising events you've heard of? Brainstorming for an NP I'm on the board of...
Can't is the pupa of never tried!
haha my mom wants to work for me ;)
Playing poker and losing
What's the first dance move you ever learned?
just until midday, then back to London. :)
Back to Bakersfield today f*** i hate it there.
Realize that there`s a difference between falling in love with someone and falling in love with the idea of being with them.
bought her album today. love her sound.
haha no im not a spammer, just trying to spread the word to stopp bullying
you still have to tell us how we know if we got m&g for the NYC show! :(
Thank you, I tried really hard, haha.
The people watching in the library is phenomenal during #finals season
Ever need to just let one rip but afraid the smell will linger? No problem.
i miss US
I love my dutchies doe RT : ha RT : fuck em both... Bong and / or bowl my G
Wootwoot, it's my womb evacuation day ;D
Tabling Cherry Hill Branch until 3:30! Come visit and grab some candy when you volunteer! :)
I put you in my Bio , so you know its real !
I have found that the best motivator is to have a project in mind, then figure out what you need to do the project.
I've been doing that all day with selena lmfaooooo B-)
Modern #Republican mantra No. 1: ...and that the US tax code of the rich, by the rich, for the rich, shall not perish from the earth.
"Studio One! Studio Two. Studio One! Studio Two. Studio One! Studio Two. Oh Yeah."
Larpers with light sabers in Washington Square Park. Oh the simple pleasures.
On our way to a writing workshop with Ronne Hartfield. Can't wait!
Okay...NOW I'll start my final paper.
whatsapp bro?!?! HEHE..Heatbread play in my country in June..;)
CC has 90 pitches so far. Lackey probably has way more.
Just had a great meeting with Volunteering for Little Haiti team. Fired Up! Ready to Go!
slayed her performance on Idol tonight.
According to a new CEIR report, a majority (51%) of young professionals attend exhibitions to acquire knowledge. Networking is 40%.
Facebook is NOT an innovator. They're copy-cats in everything they do.
Bloggers are journalists, yes we are!!
New questions and answers page on Going-Straight.com.
Sipping on a #Oktoberfest on tap in #Sacto. Now this tastes like October!
Thank you for your support last night at our first event!
“: I just landed in Boston” please for the love of god don't go to the 100th anniversary tomorrow
Now back to the code. Aaahh my friend PHP, a welcome sight indeed.
Thanks for following!
Anyone else going to the breakfast tomorrow morning?
miss you! we always say we are gonna hang and it never happens! Text me sometime pretty lady!
Words I want to hear after sex: ....
Can't wait for you to hear our new song "Move The Man" at Ground Zero on FRIDAY! Different from anything else we've written. so fun to play.
Getting my brain looked at with fMRI yeee
Of course! And thank you for writing about us! RT Thanks for your help with our article! generocity.org/news/171
You ever fell outta Love?
For sure, we'll definitely do that.
a very very cool guy that I'm following :)
Strate up n down multi-media ent coming june 9th to the bull city. One stop shop for your music n video production, graphics and duplication
Yeah, I retweet alot, get over it.
I have to get braces this summer!
I wish people would text me during school. I'm so bored!
are you looking in a mirror(;
Reviewing for the AP Gov test...
It's still early but maybe I can support the Astros this year
got to see Christi U. in Real Life!
Do you have Talmud references re: executions? I'm making a doc film about a Jew in FL who was executed in 2010. May be helpful.
We're honored! Denver Westword just asked us to nominate bands for their Showcase.
my question. why do like keek so much? Its like youre forgetting where you got started at
loves her profile picture and backround that Kaimi made for me love her so much
we would skype yall but opened my computer the other night and it was dead left the charger in Ohio.
Hey, where's my follow up voicemail ?!
“: IS pinterest's fashion for men.” I'm flattered that you would say that! Haha
Lol I hear ya! Guess I should follow your example!
#GEEBZ hits 60 degrees and people are out "mowing" their lawn!
Hardly the same thing there 'piraterob'. What are you a slave to besides your ideology?
well i got to spend time with my former bff ari smith. that explains a lot mayneee!
So tired. Kept falling back asleep. I have a test and a quiz :( Atleast I get to see my friends... :)
that shit don't make any sense wtf is wrong with ppl
"Your Love"?! Great song! Also.... I'm rather disapointed because I may not be making it to your acoustic set.
Good day in #chicago! I need to come down here more!
Practice Loving someone today.
IM NT HERE TEW PLEASE PPL.KUZ PPL WELL NEVA B SATISFIED.
A woman never forgets the men she could have had; a man, the women he couldn't.
I know u don't smoke weed, I know this, but Imma get you high today cause it's Friday u ain't got no job and u ain't got shit to do -Friday
my pants are so baggy and comfy it kinda feels like im wearing nothing at all
Remember ppl SMILE!!
GIFTED MINDS SELLING 5$ RAFFLE TICKETS ! FOR A CHANCE TO WIN IPAD 3 WE DELIVER THEM ANYWHERE !! inbox me for more info!! =)
People hesitate to report ethical breaches for two reason, fear of retaliation and fear of futility. Be fearless!
oh no! Deceived by the #pala2011 stream!!! I will save my fan girl moment for #ala2012!!
I put the plese back in sleep. I also put the e-tard back in retard..
Go cop this...
I even the TO show
Psalm 3:3 3 But you, O Lord, are a shield about me,my glory, and the lifter of my head.
thanks. that's good to know
Brew at the Zoo is only two week away, reserve your place now.
is home
You're welcome. I hope you checked out the grading rubric PDF linked to in the story. I found it interesting.
They are indeed. To equate them to drug dealers is incendiary and untrue and hurts an already damaging national dialog.
had the veggie sandwich at #firstthursdays in #sanpedro. Very nice! The tofu was delicious.
Listening to good music on a rainy day, keeps the tyranny of my mind at bay.
#RoadWarriors RT : So the Kings are 6-0 in road playoff games thus far. That's incredible.
Yahh get to see & again!!!
RT : My mom's Prius starts with the push of a button. Maybe she's Wiz Khalifa?
of which season?:o
it's too bad doesn't let people make their own baseball cards
A good manager is a man who isn't worried about his own career but rather the careers of those who work for him. – H. S. M Burns
What a crazy New Years Eve party! We'll have all the pics coming at you soon.
you're welcome. Glad you liked it!
thanks. i want this to b a main focus
but not really, he's gorgeous.
Hey recent users of SpoonerSpot: What do you like about the site? What should we add? Oh and if you haven't signed up yet:...
Offer Mother39s Bumpers Cereal Peanut Butter 123-Ounce Pack of- bumpers cereal
Your New Classmate is Yaaaaaay!!!!! Haha
Would anyone write a biography about you?
I hate when people change completely in social situations.
Anyone who had the over in the Yankees game - like me for example - is pretty psyched about losing by 1/2 a run last night. Real joke.
I think you underestimate Harper's career totals.
#logo Quality Logo Products Donates Proceeds of Calendar Sales to TAILS Humane Society
I'm looking forward to trying it, at first I thought it was just for men, but it's getting so many raves by women!
I cant stand dat weak ass brother of mines!
seriously best idea ever
you better stay at buchholz. or the L in YOLO won't be in your future. #Realtalk #don'tleave #therecan'tbeonlyonejenn
All parts of ourselves deserve to be seen, heard & embraced by those who love us. What part of you are you hiding?
This show is coming up fast! will be performing at The Polish Club on Sunday! Tickets are only $8!
Political Science Professor sent out an email that he posted midterm scores, congrats to the student who got 100% .... ME!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>
Being tall is hard. Sometimes I wish I was short.
RT : IT'S PRIZE TIME! Who will be the winner of Relief Eye Cream + Pure Cloud Cream?
i swear i love you
While the dust still settles in Egypt...
Self-doubt is the number one destroyer of lives.
Hello, and thanks for following Tom Shaw Trio... Hope you're having a great day!
We're picking new schools for the year, any ones you'd like us to expand to?
I am in Dublin to play the Norwegian Championships of Poker! But as usual with no luggage! BA or Air Lingus messed up :(
& are good that way. will be at the twitter helm next week.
Um, just rapped for/about me. He's lucky he's cute or that might have just been embarrassing. But for real? I loved it.
I give up on mittens and texting.
This extra credit is due at 10 and I'm not done with it yet. So I'm not coming :( sorry girls! Don't hate me!!
If you're black acting white you're an Uncle Tom. If you're gay acting straight, you're a Gay Uncle Tom--2012 Quote of the Year
He still thinks you are together?
great !! How are you thanks for listening :)
Like to hunt? Write? Make a video? is looking for testers. Part of it is a free Mitt for you! Tell us on our FB page, why you!?
Welcome to the movement
Great game today, wasn't it! The Yankee/BoSox rivalry is the best. My condolences to :D
But it's empty....
You know what's gonna be funny about the end of this game? All will blame LeBron for this loss when Wade was MIA.
The email exchanges in 50 Shades were funny...
I've gotten the workflow so efficient that we keep running out of maps to scan.
Transformers Car Club in process! :)
When i get these braces off..i want a bottom piece..and i dont care how old grills are
birch it was u
True story! Happening now!
Feeling sick :(
My body sore i really need a body massage..any takers?
then do it PUSSY RT : I wanna tell her how I feel.
How many times can you say: dig, off-the-top, release, open face carve, maneuver, paddle battle, etc.
Vegas in a week (:
RT : My resolutions for () and day were just adopted by the Council.
I challenge you to a duel in poker..texas hold'em? Im from az so lets battle!
UGH...got nothing else. Thanks for keeping me up-to-date...even if it is bad news. :(
How do you know what 12-year old boys do in the shower? Naughty.
Thanks little sister :)
i'am about to unfollow you and and your boyfriend and your sister & brother if you cant STFU about you love life!
Woohoo! Will spread the news! Loved chatting with you both. Lv, Ferris
she wrote that album when she was heart broken
The picture and just posted may possibly be the best picture in the world.
Team X 88, big week. Let's get those pre-order of anti-aging product in!!!
Tonight's Grades: UW C, Crowd D, Refs F-
woah!!! I never wanted M&M's more in my life!!
no. Not at all.
Hot and windy. Glad I am working. # 9to5
preciate the follow
#whatifindattractive A 17 year old Canadian. Justin Drew Bieber
Most of my #jour111 students are also on the college newspaper staff. Today is publication day. Having flashbacks of the
omg! Wait. I just remembered that my laptop has the wrong time so it's not the 16th yet! lol!
wondering where your undies are
aw thanks! :)
hey wats up
I wanna be with my baby
Really sad... The academics apparently don't view commemoration to be important or interesting.
I got through the coffee drive- thru & will pay for the car behind me-I imagine how I would feel if someone did that for me!
I believe in The Hawks.....N.O. is good but I think we got this, this year...... I LOVE THE 206!!!!
not all of them
Welcome back! MT Chelsea vs barca got goalfest written all over it, looking forward to tasty challenges in first 15.Treat yrslf
Wow I just noticed all of my friends have boyfriends, besides me and my best friend Hannah...
Definitely want to see Kentucky get this ship.
BOOKING for April! We have some dates open and need to fill them! Shoot us a message for details on how to bring us to your city.
An ex-boyfriend, but doubt he wld be willing as he has no sympathy with feminism. I've read abt politician called Emma.
appreciate that mayne...
I'm a mirror! But woman, not man! :-p
Iknow! I love u:DRT : I love how me and have gotten so close <3 :)
I love you both:))
COOL day at Miami Edison Middle School. Its field day and my kids know that I was a D1 football player, so it's gonna be
I want to work on Sunday.
hehe(: thanks love you too!! <3
On average, Americans hold seven to eight different jobs before age 30
The Yanks r beast, I thought it was a done deal and turned back a half hour later and damn. Let's go boys!!!!
I think Kobe believes his bench looks like nothing but full of Kobes, which is why he thinks he'll win.
mines is cookies and cream
Proud of #WKU #Hilltoppers 3 wins in 3 days now in #sunbelt championship game tomorrow night
Things are beautiful if you love them.- Jean Anouilh
M what shall I wear for tonight????
odds of Quade coming back in '12?
eating kid cuisine
Studio time!!!!!
Know any great musicians who need studio time? Pass this along to your friends... Songwriting contest...
The John Axford of closing boots
Merry Christmas to all! Traveler
. thinks 115K jobs/mo is an apocalyptic . number...average jobs/mo under GW Bush and Rep Congress? About 66K
for coming!!! So great to see you and Adrianna!
Happy Fat Tuesday! Soak it all in, because tomorrow is everybody's least favorite day: Self-Conscious Wednesday.
So excited to have you at the music video shoot Monday. Can't wait to see all the pictures you take. You Rock lil D!
In Sacramento, city has a deal with Kings for an arena, and, *poof!* then they don't. No deals in KC, just a nice dinner for Mario Lemieux.
Root 4 KU RT Choosing to root for the Missouri Tigers was the worst decision I ever made. They will never win anything.
my 11:11 wish is 4 u to follow me and say u love me 6
I over think things way too much...
Happy Wednesday Eve :-))
Yes, I'm mad!!!! How can you just sit there and tell me I can't do what I live for anymore? I might as well stop breathing.
Journey before destination
lol thank you! I had to cheat I didn't know anything
RT : I need thee oh I need thee! «««You too can have this track. Visit cdbabycom
Flyers should be embarrassed by their lazy effort! Deserve to lose!
I always wanted JoMo to enter to "Five to One" by the Doors.
ah well, I guess everything tastes good to her then!
A lot of people participating in stopped by yesterday. Enjoy Portland and have fun, everybody!
i now freken love tweets
okay, alrighty sorry i just didnt want to distract you from work.
“: You should've come with us! "Well, inviting me would've been nice..."”
rain puts people in the mood ........ to take a lonq nap (:
I'm not I'm just stating tha facts c:
I love my mom and I'm so grateful I get to see her everyday. I appreciate everything she's done for me. Happy Mother's day mommy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
learning things new and old about Wordpress
Maroon 5 and Foster the People pay tribute to the Beach Boys. No, I'm not making this up.
I hope you feel better
Thank you is a brilliant and entertaining blogger and it was a great reminder to purge the bad practices with email!
Diabetes is leading cause of new cases of blindness in those ages 20 and over. PBA encourages you to Live Right, Save Sight!
love it!
skype only comes up when you forget to call me back
Terrell Owens is on Dr. Phil, dude has fallen all the way off.
Lemon tea + vocal rest. Very peaceful (:
At the end of the third, Cards remain on top, 38-14.
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe when guys add you on Facebook trying to get at you but they start asking so many ?s like its a job interview!.
We count it as support, and we appreciate it!
I totally heard your intro to your cd on a commercial last night!!!
Cotto is doing pretty well through 2
That said I was not the only man in there. And no the other guy wasn't
please follow me I've never stopped loving yal please follow back!;) me gusta mikey
It's all sunny already. <U+E04A>
Please contact me directly so we can look into any photos in question. Thanks.
Merci! Katya Leonovich is a Russian Couture rockstar.Images and stories to come!
The umpire just wanted to go home. Ludwick didn't go around. Knowledgeable baseball fans could see that.
I heard your coming to visit possibly in the summer?(:
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
I'd like to welcome to my block party....come back anytime! Lol For real though, it was good seeing you man.
I have a feeling I'll be able to relate to it as much as For The Love of a Daughter.That song is like spot on to my life.
I love girls who like to drink but I set the bar cuz if you're drunker than me how are we going to get back to your place?
Everyone !!! Have a great day. Don't work too hard. <U+E057>
Get the Designer look, without the Designer Price Tag- We are factory direct with 300+ vendors and can get "the look" for half the price!
I know that I can make it; I that I can stand no matter what may come my way my life is in your hands.<U+2764> #ForgivingAndTryingToForget<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
We deliver on Thanksgiving day until 3pm! Order our yummy treats today for your feast. Only one week till #Thanksgiving :-)
"Hey party people! Are we havin' fun?!" haha freakin hot pockets
Maybe we should think about our own lives and not anybody's else. Maybe we'd better off that way.
awesome! Whenever's possible for you.
No i'm CRYING MY EYES OUT PLZ DON'T SAY IT </3 :'( :)ILYShawty<3
nice. so wat type of job do u wanna have?
Before you see what no one sees, before I let my heart go free, tell me that you want me like I want you. - Randy Rogers Band
Up in the gym getting ready for Fl... Bumping makes my hour of cardio fly by
Time Warner Cable to Carry Four STAR TV Channels
I miss you too<3
im telling mr green on u
Wig'nz shoulda went to the coner of Tropicana and Kovel and hooked up with #Pablo he got some good shit make u stay up all night.
#herworld in Los Angeles was excited the hear that will be speaking to 900 girls U R Awesome
S.H.O.U.T.O.U.T to allmy lovely followers your tweets make my day :-)
Maybe going to Sparta for High School
Champagne Sunday's are in full effect! Come check it out for yourself!
We appreciate the Poised Creation follow on Twitter!! :)
can'T wait ti have you.
Every day is teacher training.
so mind telling us how to get tickets or where it is??
T.T I wish it was tomorrow at one already. I feel so neglected.
thank you lacie! we're glad to have helped your coif
maybe it was shoe envy!
don't do it man, i can help you out with it if you want a website
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Tommy Boy
Download our free App & you can listen to the games on your cell phone. We are approaching 20,000 downloads so join the crowd
85 ill take it. And she wanted to give an A.
#ImMadBecause I didnt save my project for my video class and my computer just crashed...
Not going to history romorrow.
putting the kids to bed and then having a beer in honor of braun's innocence. :) CANNOT WAIT for the season to start. Go #Brewers!
im watching you
Great calls today with some leaders in the industry, looking forward to visiting 1-on-1 with more over the next few weeks
great job today. Can't imagine your joy. Good luck next week!
unlikely, but cell phones give off enough radiation to spark a flame. static electricity is also a concern when pumping gas.
I think human intention can buy us more friends, not the means :) (2/2)
try wing house
I saw so many good papers and posters it's hard to decide on just one.
Epistle to the Ecotopians
: have you visited "Jimmy's" or seen Billy? Me = nostalgic.
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
What if I told you I'm not saying its aliens, but ALIENS
Yay! LMFAO! What a GREAT surprise!
thanks for putting beautiful music out into the world!
RT : Wow - Yahoo!'s server buildings based on chicken coops (heat from 1 server = 1.5 chickens). Energy efficient,...
Thanks! I love your recent Portraits in Preservation - I worked with Peter Verheyen this summer at Syracuse.
Just saw a marrigage proposal on jerry springer
Tyler....-sigh-
#BasicEconomics - People will demand more at lower prices and less at higher prices. If something is free, what will the demand be?
how have you not commented on the Celtics shooting 6 for 24 that quarter? It is clearly your favorite phrase
So excited for our Hunger Games program at this afternoon!!
What the hell was David LaChappelle on?
Happy Mother's day to all the beautiful, loving and caring mothers out there. I hope your kids are making you feel as special as you are.
Twitter is gonna be my Vision Board. "christopher mcquarrie". Just sayin'...
Thanks for the mention!
I love it when homeless people tell me they love my hair!
oh man ok good I thought I was the only one lol it's really really hard and confusing I have no idea how to even start
Friends with benefits >
thank goodness for sisters who visit on rough wednesdays... good for my <3
hey pooorque u.u
thank you for postponing the keystone pipeline!!
Grocery is supposed to be a good pick up spot, though I don't understand why. I'm going to go look into this situation and report back.
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
Left another dent in this city last night with , a fan favorite.
Okay!!! Mine is on my home page thing, too(:
SO HYPED think I got 100
DRM is bad news. Big reason I don't have a Kindle or Nook.
Roll on roller coaster we're one day older and one step closer
#Imagine You're having a fight with Niall. You're just about to go when Niall takes your hand. His voice breaks:''Please don't leave me.''
hope to meet you in Florida sometime bc i live here maybe you could come to the brandon mall and see all your Florida fans
Happy birthday David Sedaris. 55 today. Just heard it mentioned on the radio,
Sick sick sick. Boo hiss. I don't do sick very well, too much of a classic ADHD type, stir crazy.
i knew
I'm Bout To Goo Homee Yooo .
o la la you have date?
“: 40 yo momma still play wit remote control cars?” Lmao. Chill..
I hate you for not letting me have you!
Follow my tweets,is Sexy related to One Tree Hill online streams on HD
New on DVD and Blu-Ray: Priest, Something Borrowed, Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs Evil, Jane Eyre, The Conspirator + More! Thumbs Up or Down?
Waiting for the #GOP endorsement from #latin builders. Some R mad #MittRomney a no-show. We'll see.
All of this technology is making women more insecure than ever before. -Ling
all your scars won't heal till you let go. you're perfectly worth it, forget your mistakes.
awh cutie c:
Jesus says: "Will your heart and soul say yes...will your Spirit still say yes? There is more that I require of thee"
Cruz control!
NO!! My favorite show!!!!
threw her in the chipper cause i aint feelin chipper, she be sleepin with the fishes, swimming with the flippers.
i rarely am... for whatever reason the chitownm meet was WAY out there. do u work at bobchinns or something?
yo quis good game last night bro reminded me of '06 mavs
Where are you Andre wanna know
My headphones are like my own personal "DO NOT DISTURB" signs..
In fact. I would like to thank all the #teachers who inspired, helped, nutured, and made me a better person.
That awkward moment when a package says easy open.. And you end up using scissors, knife, hammer, 5 shots from a gun and a lightsaber.
With all the dead celebrities recently... BIO should start a show called 'Celebrity Autopsy.'
NO I'm not Fat I'm cool... Like a cooler.....
nothing wrong with that. hard not to root for a #RedSox/#Braves world series.
My devil's on speed dial every time I take a wrong direction.
text me qurlllll ;D
I think divorce is extreme. Every marriage has it's rough times.
Have you been told your child needs eartubes? Hear what Dr. Magit has to say, TODAY at 9am on SD 6 San Diego Living!
We love sexlena
2 PROFESSIONAL BARBER THINNING HAIR CUTTING SCISSORS :) thinning hair
F Cheater! Had the nerves to accept that award after he got caught.
Looks like we've got a situation, that's what the sitch says in the intro to the shore, there's no more Ted's door only
#lessexcitingbandnames The Stationary Stones
Being alone in a Tinychat is freakin' awkward. <.<
One more day left in our 21-day challenge. How are our yogis doing? How do you plan to celebrate your hard work & perseverance?
Congrats to Andy Celemens for winning the first #TreasureTuesday Quick Fire challenge.. Well done
Not only did I find the candy store, but I also rediscovered the awesome French bakery nearby & found the liquor store NEXT DOOR!
I give up on you.
loving Fashion & Beauty blogger roundtable
If I feel like your text msg isnt saying anything.. Then i dont txt bck
youve known me for like 7 years... You know i dont think like that..unless you invite me you know i wont be going..
NASC taking off! If the potential isn't already apparent within 2 minutes of the open then it could prove even more to us throughout the day
Someone told me I look Asian
Wasn't me either! There can't be a triplet...Indy is too small for 3 Keesling gals
I think that you are in love, enjoy it while you can, I think he is smitten
maybe next time I'm in town!
Seeing progress in my work outs lets see what i look like when June comes
would've made the meeting and sandwich much more tolerable :-)
Blackburrrry Double Chocolate Brownie. Get Two Beef, and or Polish Beef sausages for $6
ahaha another time ;)
More writing with the guys tonight. I can't wait til Thanksgiving!!!
Finally done with Finals, the stress and headaches can now be put on hold for the next 10 days.. Spring break here I come.
Hopes and Dreams?
lookin forward to our parade Saturday. Gonna rest up Friday night. Gonna be a big one!
Desire a #nude discount vacation $100 per night Caliente Resorts
Happy Friday wilderness supporters!
Critically Acclaimed ENT is proud to add Young Bravo to the roster. Big things coming. Never heard a lyricist quite like this.
I find 's observation true-any government that wants data for national security will find the power to obtain it
It's not that I need someone just because it's Valentine's Day, it just reminds me of how lonely I get sometimes
I've been that person (shudder)
i thought u had to work?
definatley...first dream on my list...LOL
Hi! I just moved to San Diego, and stumbled on your REALLY funny Youtube video of your morning shake. I'm an Isa Exec too!
Still plan on seeing the Avetts in September?
Building a syllabus...still building a syllabus...still building a syllabus...
Tomorrow is Friday the 13th
We wish we could of had Jeff Bridges sign us a bowling pin as 'The Dude' in honor of our favorite movie The Big Lebowski!
Why am I so tired
RT i <3 going to shows. i just never have the opportunity to go....
We will be sending out our monthly newsletter. We are giving $100 to the company that can predict the rockies season!!!
If I was Jack Dorsey I would punch Zuckerberg in the mouth. He gets off with parole and can afford the lawsuit.
Now dats crispy wit tha blade
absolutely! let's do it...when and where?
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho say swag
IAm on a money making mission in my location..Dawgg
thank you! =)
ideas for our next contest??!?
will be flashing some goods to Beer-Con attendants at Tap Haven. Register now!
Philanthropists also buy TOMS. Perhaps you should invest in a pair & coordinate Twinsies Day at the office w/
Beach or Galveston in the morning! :D
You are quite welcome. was the least I could do.
Fox news all the way happy new year
this can go on and on ;-) I was going with "is the song good enough to make ANYONE sound good?"
Hahah is It About Arby's??
I can already tell you that you are, it was so sad
Just 270 more Follows come on people we can do this!
835 pages? well that should take care of one flight
Mindspike can improve your social marketing with our new media tactics. Give us a call!
Rein in real estate speculators
Just hangin out in our hotel room :] hbu?
I miss #Aruba. , when will it be time to go back?
most definitely...happy birthday #PaigeTurco!
jealous. Of. Zingermans. And hastac too.
Got home and David helped me carry my books. I said: "Thanks you're the best" he then looks at me angry and says:"momma, I'm not a pest!"LOL
Im drunk. And I just stood next to Taylor for about 5 minutes while he drank some hanson beer. I may never recover.
Hold yourself accountable, Hour by Hour.
#sxsw wore me out already. Happy weekend guys!
RT : rodney had a bullet head! Not your type. Eww. <<<<haha!!!
Just ate some bread on top of my martinis. Alcohol abuse.
I love the weather just before it starts to rain. <3 :-D
If legislating who can get married is more important than helping people find/get/keep/create jobs, then your priorities are fucked up.
OH "Every morning I just can't wait to get out of bed and start the day"
He has not 'given in'. He has no control over congress.
#WhoIsIt? Who's this girl Harry Styles is in a relationship with??
Hey looking forward to hearing Justefan Band on Friday! Gonna be sweet!
um WOWZAAAAA!!!! Teach me how to duggie please :) BAM!
Today's writing motto: “It isn’t enough for your heart to break because everybody’s heart is broken now.” – Allen Ginsberg
wow :o lol
morning Kristy, yep gotta love this southern heat. Wouldnt trade it for anywhere else.
Wait, did I miss something? what happened to ?
I want in!
Also (I'm sure you read the comments), I was really hoping Iloka would end up here. won't be around forever
It lives up to all the hype, for sure. So, yeah, welcome to Hell aka Baltimore.
I hate when ppl call me & put me on hold 5 seconds into the conversation! Ugh why u even call?!
Caradine on Mental tonight, they didnt make any mention of his death. No respect at all...
Boston needs a Nandos. please? x
Yes, the hosts time, expense & efforts should be reciprocated similarly w/ a desirable invitation of comparable value,
I was hoping you meant the exit.
Now that football season is over I have my Sundays back for photography Look out Cambridge MIXED DOUBLES QUILTING BEE
Thank-you for the retweets
"There were 3 standing stones at the center of a wood. Their grey skins were quiet with moss. Not even the tallest trees knew their names."
really, is it that boring?:o
#thebestwaytoleavefamilymoney is to make an account with their name on it and when you die they will have an inheritance just a thought
Thank u 4 following me if u r a mom Happy Mothers Day 2 u
D'ya think there are any of them Maynard bottles left @ WF?
Everybody at school was either high or on crack.... either one same thing! ;)
I'm not gonna sit up here and feed you my life story
Hey ! Happy #OpeningDay !
Game of Thrones gets first win w/ best supporting drama actor to Peter Dinklage
aw! I wish I was off
5 Questions From The NFL Draft « CBS Charlotte
thank you :-)
UM... i just saw the video for Whip My Hair and i think that girl needs to WASH her hair back and forth.
RT If I'm going to be successful,I'm going to be successful as myself,I can't be successful doing what other people are doing
I was gonna tweet about that yesterday we had too much damn fun Lmao
ah, okay. i'll call tomorrow night then. Enjoy your game
Ouch!! Looks painful!
Thanks as always for having me. Enjoy it.
On way to daytona 500 with !!! neber been to nascar race b4.
I can't even feel my face rn...going to sleep okay bye.
#slcwebinar diversity in your networks is key; correlation btw diversity and innovation
Badgers r listening to their BAD music before they take the ice for warm ups. Watever happened to ACDC or GnR?
thank you <3
"Tools,training, access & infrastructure" Will they be delivered equitably? All kids deserve resources to learn, live & thrive in 21stC.
sets sights on U.S. networking Market, contact us if you would like to save some money on your current networking projects!
#life "Have you ever felt so strong that it made you feel weak? Long days long nights and you just can't sleep." --How To Fly
If you are in MKE, look west. I forecast 36 minutes of the most beautiful sky we could ever deserve.
Emma Clark in 2016 is a serious possibility on a presidential ticket. Ya heard it here first folks.
killing it on #TheLayover congrats…awesome birthday gift today.
I KNOW! I'm going to camp next time you guys go!
Good to meet you today! Stop by GGU for a visit anytime.
.... Don't feel too hurt when I drive to Canada, pour my milkshake on your head and smack you.
right 2 focus on educ, especially 3rd grd literacy - but this will require strengthening IA's early childhood system
I have NEVER seen a hashtag get spammed this badly before. Cra-zy.
Happy happy happy happy happy happy happy birthday to you. Hope you're having a good day with lotsa drinks! Love yooh
2day was such a slow day at work, it was so slow the manager made us start decorating early for x-mas, ugh I hate decorating!!!
Thanks for the shout out!
Next Friday imma order them shorts
btw, apartment hunting is a war and I'm losing.
June is pretty tight w/ all the festivals and the hollywood fringe opening. Will let you know if I can get down your way.
never doing a 6am flight again
. wishes they were cool and mysterious like us!
I have so much more respect for you after today.
I love you so much macenzie I am going to get you a present :)
No time besides AMRAP just get it done lol
PJIII is to RGIII as Big K soda is to Coke-a-Cola
Did Zayn do a twitcam or something. I miss everything.
Because you sendin me all these one word texts.
Many thanks to for KSN piece on #ict2dc. Thanks also to for the great chai, I mean, location for the interview.
Hey Carter, curious why you find the concept so crazy? Even more curious about the outcome… Bon appétit!
time for work!
I like it when you call me big papa ... Oh wait ...
I wish theres like a day so i can wear my laker shoes, laker t-shirt, laker hat, laker headphones !!!! #LALAKERS <3 RT if u agree !!
ah yes. Dr. Rhodes UCLA is an advisor for us. Different set of rules when crimes happen abroad don't you think?
Or an owl.
when the hell are they gonna invent time machines?? #manonthemoonbutnotimemachine ?
i wouldn't be shocked if they passed an ordinance that the poor need to breathe different air than everyone else
Wow, great pictures. We're glad you stopped by!
So basically Braxton from the Jamie foxx show is a bum
Couple of students reporting that "Mifflin moved to Langdon" as a result of the police presence
no wonder it is beer o'clock before noon today!
You know I'd be there if I wasn't at work bro!
www.thevirtualpiano.com so. much. fun.
I love ur face and ur baseball team. :-)
Ima Wild Girl!
Having a kind of night
Happy Valentines Day everyone ;D<3
milk and oj sounds like a great concoction for getting diarrhea lol
yes. All that noise is just the rearranging of their poker table
is sure busy in the twitter universe today :-)
awesome! we hope to see even more up and coming #directors and #actors this year!
.|+_!| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
good morning Abs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Everyone have a cute smile:)
#WFSAScriptTip If your characters seem to sound the same as eachother, step back and re-write a bio for each, be very detailed and USE them!
How great is this, My 'puter on split screen: Twitter and , & on TV. This is the best of three worlds!
RT : There's now 7 Billion people in the world? FML.
See me in the hood the Gangsters sayin wassup ? Ayyyy ...
Nice! These are for Opti790s, max 16GB. Funny thing about running dev workbench VMs on your workstation - need more RAM!
enterprise app store talk....sounds familiar.
Funding levels are rising to run our #DreamAct ad in AZ this primary. Help make it a reality!
Fire officials say a man in Lexington tried to commit suicide by ingesting cyanide, which prompted a HazMat response.
RT : Keep people out your personal business ...it's simple <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever. - Tupac Shakur
Yes How old are you?
usher - dot com jammin'
Just caught up on your tweets... I clearly need to hear the rundown on your weekend!
This occasion calls for a cigar and a pint of Guiness
My mentions right now tho <<<<<
a repost in feed button would be nice!
Gettin back on that writing tip
this week is my fuckin week :D
Because if you don't go you just end up reading the #heweb11 stream all day from your desk wishing you were there
followed you! Follow me? JakeVineyard
Go forth today victorious for there is nothing outside you that is more powerful than that which is within you.
Buying 's album "Making Mirrors" today. Listened to every track online. I MIGHT be obsessed.
R.I.P. Steve Jobs, thank you for the incredible path you created in this world of technology that will be continuously followed &built upon.
So high and I aint even Blazin.
My mom cries over ever damn show or movie
Cherry almond smoothie Can't wait to inhale this. ;(
Okay, so the vendor offered to share their framework for wrapper, compression, proxy choices, etc 4 use with any vendor, redeeming
It was 80 and sunny this morning, now it's hailing.....
I wish Kobe was not a Laker
Listening to is a great way to start the day.
Why Do you Tweet?
I don't disagree but the use of the "We Are..." slogan is a gross appropriation of a meaningful message...
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy nick cannon
Should #CV have a spay-neuter law? Come to a public mtg Sat Oct 29 (tomorrow) at 9 am @ City Hall, in conference room in lobby. 276 4th Ave.
tough call
will do. Any style imparticular?
You deserve more than I have to offer.
Our Wine Night is on Tuesdays.
... and of course, their 'experimental' record: LSD.
She doesn't show up in my recommended friends... weird?
aww girl, I love you too! I think we made a teensy bit of progress :)
just beat gahanna. i (> winning
will always be in the grade level above him catagorey :)
Disconnected right after and I beat The Butcher. lol
In honor of Mother's Day, I'm going to empty the dishwasher. Yes, I'm going to EMPTY the dishwasher.
I think there's an element you're not getting here...
thanks ! You sounded great yesterday!
I got u too
#SomeWomenCantStand being lied too.
Watching Coachella live from home > being at Coachella
JUST GOT DONE LISTENIN TO WHO DAT ON THE T.V..... PRETTY DOPE
I'm drawing something for
Wow. The file was interrupted. Why was the file interrupted?
And yet, you can probably go to a Gawker site and read all about blow jobs. See how this works?
Look After You - The Fray
taking it back!! #Noscrub!!
Call me yo daddy,yo superman
I'm never gonna be happy. With a stupid bitch like you in my lie. You make no fucking sense.
how does it feel like hanging out with Cody again?
I would be down for that. I love road tripping to stadiums
yeah :) and where ya heading to?
New iPad Works on AT&T LTE
When You Think About Me Text 143 That Means I LOVE You!! xx <3
A Loss For Words + Till Night Falls + Goldmill and a bunch more @ Rock Bottom Tonight
Aww well if it makes you feel better I haven't been able to get it yet either.
should bring ME ice cream...
thanks. I mean archiving important details for future retrieval
My bday today
Good morning!! It's FRIDAY!!! Finally.
You see folks
iPhone Users: IOS Update 5.1 is Available If You Dont Already Have It, Check For It..!!
boo! sausage fest
it is very fun... I am sure you miss it! I leave for Canada tomorrow early so really do need to get things done...!
Enjoying some great wine tasting
Finally watched "Page One: Inside the New York Times" --- fascinating look at the world of print news media. Very important messages.
The spiritual life cannot be made suburban. It is always frontier. - howard macey
i voted for you :D
God morning my Tweets and Fbs!!
EPA has levied four pollution actions in Lower Valley - Yakima Herald-Republic
please follow me and please add me on oovoo....you will make my day
Everything in time...
Los Angeles Friends,I will be doing a presentation at 605 W. Olympic Blvd., Suite 610 tonight from 6p to 8p on SRS & transgender procedures.
Third Windows update requiring reboot this morning. WTH?!?
i b up there everyday p
Anyone know how to use GoogleGears w/WordPress? It's enabled, settings in WP are good, but when I go to the page offline, get page not found
:D i'm soo happy !
It's time to put a fork in it.
Jealous. Spotted catering truck behind Langford.
Wife just called Brandon Weeden an "old fart". He's 28. The same age as both of us.
its called talent!
do you think of me at all? the words/meaning/emotion to efflictim is on another level.keep up the work
honestly if you buy your subscribers or followers i feel sorry for you
please stop!! I'm starving
Love this man, too funny!
Plastic eggs stuffed with thongs...hahaahaahhaa. I'm gonna be 40 and my mom will still be giving me Easter baskets....
Yes, I sometimes fail, but at least I'm willing to experiment. - Bono
you mad cause I don't love you back. Come on now.
hey seren happy happy birthday to u!!!
Launched new topic of discussion #old Ed & the new job and financial market your voice be heard.
Help! I'm going overseas until NYE - why can I only freeze my account for three months?
Lunch=jog
Do you think its rude to puke in the trash at the doctors office or do you think they expect it?
Perfectly understandable.
Sinus headache <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
IF YOU'RE INTERESTED IN BEING IN Javier Covarrubias COMPANY'S CALENDER, CONTACT HIM FOR MORE INFO
Who wants a phone call or skype :D ??? CMON I DON'T BITE :D
love ya
I don't need rufies. I can be had for a single kind word.
What up bichez
Good yo wbu? =) RT : how are you on this lovely day doll
Section 508 standards are actually tougher since refer to old technology. Implement WCAG2 - you're meeting 508.
I don't have the patience for this, but it will be much more expensive in the morning.
haha thanks dude!
We all have to do a better job of maintaining a civil tone when debating issues.
I tweet when I'm not making my employees feel the need to file
The free service will be something of construction! ie. Paint, tile, ect... Can't be too much but will be good! ;-)
Headed to the panhandle: officially accepted a position as Visiting Assistant Professor in English at
you wish you stayed at a small school?
Showing off the #dellstreak at
People say you don't know what you've got till its gone. The truth is, you knew exactly what you had; you just thought you'd never lose it..
We have to.RT I'll leave that up to Double, not sure what he might have going on currently. I'm down, though!
thanks! are u a volunteer?
Got my oldest daughter moved into her apartment at college yesterday
Looks like I'll be spending my birthday at U.S. Cellular field next year!
is anyone #sleepy yet?
Keepers of the Hate
Had a great time today at Art at the Gardens! Thanks Christiellen W and Eric Borremans!
Fast Fact about San Diego: San Diego, California is the seventh largest city in the United States, with 2.5 million residents. Wow :)
": The grass aint so green on the other side now is it?"
2 shows left. A Christmas Story at Kudzu. The last two shows on the family stage... Ever.
...I wish I knew what it was like to feel like that..
Kiss Nikki for me. Have fun and don't end up on the news.
Anyone know if a good site to find a nice duffel/gym bag?
you got that super good hair. But koo.. I still wanna add my pink in somewhere!
I Feel Ya
what u doin tonight we need to catch up without the mustard.
Hi mark!
Baaaaaaah. Im scary.
Successfully passed the hardest semester of nursing school!!! Four years of college down, three more semesters to go.
Well, it's time to go to bed..
I can if you want me too(:
Lol the Clippers, is this real?Somebody wake me up!
And the race is on to get everything done before Obama gets here.
Good first day.. to funny night!
:c at least we will get to party on saturday :) that was another thing i was gona tell you my boss schedled me next week!!!
To #write #fiction, one needs a whole series of inspirations about people in an actual environment, &then a whole lot of work.
Painting new offices in our warehouse today!
The wii is a great way 2 excersise =)
Send button issues is a common post-modern neurosis. I FEEL YOU, DAWG.
Something's wrong w/my TV. The lady on Stossel sounds like Sam Eliot.
Back from jelenas haha was there for seven hours did nails
RT : Congrats Al Pacino on winning an #Emmy tonight! Can't wait to see you speak at #RIT as our Horton Speaker.
I can't believe it took me a year and half to start talking after I was born!!
Wats good twitter
Wow danger having another baby this Bitch is bananar
I might as well offend you further by saying I'd put both "Little Shop of Horrors" and "Little Mermaid" into my top 5 for the '80s
Nothing makes outdoor dining & drinking quite like heavy truck traffic and construction!
Wow. just had a burgergasm when Braun scored that fifth run.
#FF these funny ladies who also just happen to be my neighbors! Life is so crazy like that.
RIP Grandma Gerry. You were a wonderful person to be around. Everyone lucky enough to be your friend or family cherished you.
Hey you're my 1000th follower! (cue balloons and confetti). Thanks!
I can't wait to see Jeezy today
Hi stranger. Hope life is treating you well and you're having grand adventures.
keep up the good work
Let's be real about this shit.
Such a stranger :( did you ever get a new phone?
Tickets to DC Environmental Film Festival are on sale now
um... I'll think about it.
jet life world order #jetsfool, so dope
awesome, congrats!!! it has been raining all weekend so I haven't been very productive.
So true: The way I see it: the more people hate me, the less people I have to please <U+263A>
Was going to spend 160 on curtains and rods in mke found them in ironwood mi for 70 STOKED
Me & my son are inseperable.. only time I'm away 4rm dat lil nigga is when I'm at wrk.
no problem buddy I call it how I see
ManU Report: #PremierLeague Transfer Rumours: Top 3 Targets for the Top 5 Clubs This Summer – Bleacher Report
don't go hating on my boy pitbull!
“: Hate generates hate and that is the problem, two wrongs don't make a right, we have to rise above it all.” // Normalization?!
Other industrialized nations (almost all of them) with more aggressive healthcare policies don't seem to have that problem.
SO FUKKIN TIRED OF EC
Yes. Don't cut it. Grow it out! Gives you power, like Samson. RT : The hair will be cut later today. Any suggestions?
RT : Totally agree, its becoming impossible to manage a page from a mobile device.
Hey, thanks. I think I got it this time, thx. Just learned something new. iPads (& other touch screens) do not support drog'n'drop..
Thanks for the follow and have a great day!
Dear mom,its just like your son to get you lost on your day!Lol 10 hours to #Cuse just left Roanoke!I Love you mommy and Sebastian of course
Thank you for the follows!
10 more weeks until planting time!
Yea Friday, and its even better because today is Earth Day. Do something good for the earth today!! She will thank you later :)
nice meeting you tonight :) I had so much fun opening!
Needs a mani/pedi to make it REAL gay. RT : I've had a busy day so far...brunch and now a nap.
CHILL out bro. haha did you get it?! cuz it was funny...
My only drive for killing niggas on the court was to see the look on my pops face .... He use to jack so hard on a nigga ..
in the EP huh?! Hola at my boys y'all have fun!
One of my earliest memories is making blueberry mudpies w my great-gran! And I probably wanted to sell them. LOL
1D Means Everything To Us
Happy Veterans Day! Thanks to All of Our Veterans
Morning folks...
Lets try again :3
Leaving dentist now. My face & tongue are numb! Best part of visit by far was dentist singing along 2 Adele as her song played on the radio!
RT : "First Date", a hilarious musical Best line: The World Wide Web can get you anything-it can also get you screwed!
Blazers say LaMarcus Aldridge is on his way to Vail, CO to get soreness in his hip checked out. Questionable for Wed game vs Warriors.
Do you have more you can send me?
That awkward moment when you realize your girlfriend is waayyy more badass than you... :]
:) I'm about to be teamgotoschool and sleep all day.
Kudos to and the INNL network in adding 100,000+ ANP photos. Great Creative Commons add, and they look like great shots too!
Good morning ...ready for FIESTA 2012!! How bout you lol???
saw some tweets about big things. thought i would ask.
its a dragon
He know whats best for his ass , aint no playin around .
Does Vandy qualify? :)
District Bar for Blackhawks and Bulls Playoffs!
I think it's more of a wifi fail. But a failure nonetheless.
Wassup Twitter World Kinda Bored Need Something To Do
Like our normal offers? Wait until you see what we've got planned for Monday.
Mauria's presentation was great! Can't look at quantitative data without qualitative-- yes!
YES! Thank you. I completely agree.
I think he's great but there are quite a few hating right now, especially in the states. Dont know why though !
So happy it's Friday! 8 hours of work then 2 days of fun at ! Big kid fun with my bro and my cousin!
Sometimes, I feel like life isn't all it's cracked up to be. Maybe it's just one of those mornings.
ha thanks! Cant wait
Couple of hours of work complete. Now to enjoy the rest of the weekend. Looking forward to supper club. YUM!
It only took 5 seconds for my nephew to ask to play temple run after not seeing me for a week
looks delicious, waiting for my plate???
I need science goggles -_-
Granger: "But it's on both of our shoulders. I have to be more vocal...we have to communicate better."
yeah im goin tomorrow to get s bunch of fish haha this is what im doin with some of my graduation money haha
PickUpLine: First, I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I'll move up to your belly button.
ever noticed that there are so many Chiropractors & Physical Therapy places which clearly means that we are one messed up world!!
MISCHIEF MANAGED. "whether you come back by page or by the big screen, hogwarts will always be there to welcome you home." -jk rowling
Oh, darling, have no idea why this is coming up now but you KNOW I feel the same way about you, too!!!!
It's actually where I converted to using my brain. I mean became an #atheist:)
yes. if i lose my job id like 2 move east. have lots of family there. philly or m/b nyc
“If it never rained, nothing would grow.”
We gotchu covered! More cars out then ever before! (206)722-7696
Chick-fil-a For dinner :)
Air Supply: depressing or not depressing?
People change & love dies. You're never good enough & don't know why. Time passes & things go wrong, but just remember life goes on
Adding a new twist to my Mixtape. Hope you guys like it :)
why? and haha sorry bout that
Oh #sharepoint, you devil, I should have known our paths would eventually cross.
Grammar, logic, rhetoric, Arithmetic, geometry, music, astronomy (7 liberal arts)
Have you read "Images of America - Fort Myer" ? It's the first book about this historic US Army Post.
what color should i add to my hair next??
I'm down!
Wanna put $ on the Padres now? RT : Congratulations to the NY Giants and Costa Rica for taking my $150
Like Mrs. Bixby, my mother Betsy gave birth to five sons, John W. being the eldest, me being the second, and Charles the youngest.
You have AIDS. Goodnight.
wow i have 61 followers..how about you guys help me get to 100 followers by the end of the month and them next month 200 pls
I was taught 2 stay positive and always keep it real and I do
Hm...several Blog of the week picks haven't responded to our Congrats emails. Hope our emails didn't go to spam....
Loved my aka nikki minaj time this weekend! Come back to #sandiego soon for some 'beautiful messy' time!
I better get the dedication note. ;)
S/O to and for always making me feel better . Great friends !
Woke up to some cute texts this morning. Sup twitter, morning!
omg I know!! I just wonder what goes on in their heads when they decide what to wear.
Kate Hudson and Sarah Jessica Parker will be guest starring on Glee next season. Does anyone care about Glee anymore?
Virginia is for lovers. Newt and perry got a Christmas present they won't forget
Loving the new hair!!
They wonder if I'm hell bound Well hell can't be worse than this, cause I'm in hell now
A day for babies: Congrats to our Virginia friends, now parents to Lillian Frances. Also thrilled for J+E, who picked a great birth center.
RT : #SCIP2012 Rock-n-Roll Dance Party tonight at 9:00 in Liberty Ballroom over breezeway from the Marriott (Please RT)
I'm missing the USA/Finland game. Fucking dammit. Wish I could've called in sick today. =/
hell no but now you know what they think of asian women!
but then you call it GOOD DEFENSE lol
RT : Patio time at Beautiful weather, #Brewers vs. Atlanta at 6:10. $2.00 Miller Lite pints and 1/2 price Pizzas.
Sleep seems out of the question.
This nigga does not stop dancing
fledging and established #actors #writers #directors be the 110% with the new grassroots movement
Kids @ school, me @ work, just got my ". GOV" copyright to my music, in the mail, priceless, I am truly thankful, thanks GOD, yo boy H
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.-Abraham Lincoln
Good thing no one can read my mindLOLOL
I don't know how you do it but you are one of the best character actors I have ever seen
Ravens RE and Defensive Player of the Year Terrell Suggs is out for the 2012 season with a torn Achilles' tendon.
I've seen YouTube videos of that hold. It looks legitimate
fenway park ;)
I'm all moved in thank you Lord
You're in good company w/ + RT : I'm the only Volvo driver who isn't retired/doesn't have 5000 kids
Having to purchase your own book is a bit extreme!
People need to realize how much their hurting other people and they need to stop judging because you don't know what they have been through
Hey Lady, just wanted 2 know if Katie Smith is on MN.?
Be 18, graduated, and have no kids? CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.
That is nice, and I bet a huge relief.
What? Somebody has a day off from work? Must be a guy who left the media...
Lookn for a great Bible Study and Worship exp today ! Join us - 9:00 Pulse & 10:30 Traditional.
Are we *ever* going to be able to move beyond discussions of capitalization and abbreviations in #cataloging?! ::groan::
Woah feelin shitty! Who gets sick on a day like today?
RONDO BEST POINT GUARD IN THE LEAGUE!
Better than that! Excited for people to see it soon.
How does some weird tweet come from my name over and over?
Thank You Allen West. You are one of the few who will stand up and speak the truth. We are with you!
seems like your a huge dahvie fan?? Well i am to! <3333 haha(:
hey buddy, Wutsup?!
:) Where have I been? Just dealing with life!
Come on REDSKINS !!
just hearing or seeing your name gives me butterflies (:
We're talking " Cloud for Solutions" in booth #1503 @ 2PM. Enter 2 win a $25 gift card OR a #Dell XPS13 laptop
thank you for the RT!
yes! Great seeing u!
uhmmmm I MIGHT be there haha “: Morning ball tommorow. Waking up at 6 is not that fun! #BobaFett”
#SuperBowl Defense must have watched Seinfeld.
Thanks for the RT! Always appreciate them.
Find your horse. Discover the direction the horse is going. Ride the horse in that direction. -Peter Mcwilliams
just saw the Alvin & the Chipmunks movie. I have participated in American culture. I loathe myself.
I seriously do that everytime I'm at the library to every door I attempt to walk through
I am so amazed to be the one to receive your second tweet!! Come see is as soon as possible.
Hey angel in the snow , im under the mistletoe : )
I wonder if @ WhatevermynewnamewillbeIndy is taken......
that Melo move was dope. And Amare's Dunk was ridiculous. Now Wade is going off
Hi. I was just talking on Simsimi and it told me to follow you. Lol. So, follow back, please?.(:
trust me I'm there !
we are hanging out this weekend! Don't make any plans!
Do you know that our soul is composed of harmony? -Leonardo DaVinci
LMFAO I WONDER back then when a girl first got her period would put bandaids on her vagina to try to stop it. Lmfaoo
Happy Mothers Day!
I just finished a 3.43 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
this is number 5 now
they're pretty proud of them, too. That's gonna hurt the wallet. Oh well!
Haha Let Me Text You Right Noowwww. (:
Thank you for all you do for #autism! You are appreciated!
What's the verdict? Hope you guys were able to make it out!
omg guys almost to 1,000 u guys are awesome. i have been in the hospital and couldnt be on! thanks for keeping following me guys b back soon
A girl is at their comfiest when they are wearing a boy's article of clothing.
While Facebook is number 1 in the US, QZone is the rage in China.
It's a montana party out here on the I 84
I know there's concerns about Worthy's effort, but between him and Perry, the packers pass rush should improve tremendously
thought you would like it :) I <3
North shore! Catch us at the greenroom tonight in Covington
Yes. I hear thunder outside!!!!!
This is why I say the issue is systemic and not just cultural. It's bigger than conversations and ideologies.
yes hey do! Cool you will get them going
people touch my face alot...it's weird.
the nest is pretty high up, but I'll do my best. There was a lot of chirping this morning, so I hope there are some babies.
Cereal tastes amazing at 2:31 in the morning.
Omg I seriously cant wait for Ariana's album anymore... Aslkhfgdk!!!!
It's been great! We're in SoCal-let us know when you're singing!
how are you feeling about Dale Hunter?
I ride around with that Nina.!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I have a lot but I'm off tomorrow so I'll do it tomorrow night (;
Did someone really just call and give me the argument that gay marriage is a slippery slope to polygamy and people marrying animals?
If your awake RT :D
Savannah, GA!! COME OUT to Sweet Melissa's Friday. Get a mouthful of pizza and some rock-n-roll.
Happy Birthday! Bring the sisu this weekend!
Finished Heroes and I LOVED it!
I'm in FL, too... It feels like SUMMER right now, ugh.
Brad, the hotel is located in downtown Boston and refers to our own Paul Revere and the act of giving reverence to Boston!
Who can beef it up? Ima make a video of a buch of ppl beefin it up. Girls and guys. Dm me
Someone bring me coffee. please. ill pay you.
hey! It wont work for me... I keep getting an error.
I got this feeling.....
no one thats u running around tough timmy. U like to have a spotlight on u. u got it dance monkey dance
And we try, and we fall, and we live another day <3
the other aspect of games is failure. How do we treat F's? We need to rethink fail and retry without punishment.
Been studying for losts of tests, just got medicain after 5 days of having bronchitis and strep throat, see ya <3 :)
We did a bit on how to deal with Cougars on the Saturday Morning News on KXL. I hope the Ducks were listening. Be big. Be scary. Don't..run?
Awesome, Greg! You and I need to talk about this... very timely...
I live in America but super excited for the UK fanmily. CHASING THE SUN IS AMAZING.
had my french GCSE exam today and one of the people who make sure we don't cheat phone went off several times OMG
GoThereDoThis.com is the place for 50% off certificates 4 attractions, services, entertainment, etc! Follow us 2 get up-2-the minute offers
Do you know where tofu originated?
oh yeah... thats right... umm... HAHA! she wanted me to tell u she loves u :) and she loves me more in cirtain ways ;)
Man Cincinnati nasty everybody fuckn each other damn what happened to fuckn only 1
haha.. Well It had to change at some point ( :
Do you want your own INTERNET Business Could you handle it? We will teach you how to market THE WEB...
Good-morning :-) lames
like I said before thakes one to know one ;)
Hey Matthew, would you mind DMing me your email address?
Interesting allergy research. Thanks for passing it along!
In order to get more you have to give more. Show love today and everyday!
it's fictional, so it's awesome!
I was thinking of having a cardboard cut out of me in the background at all times.
Isn't that like the entire school?
Surprise lunch at Gertrude's. Yum.
“<U+10E6> Compassion and tolerance are not a sign of weakness, but a sign of strength.” ~ Dalai Lama
Don't doubt that (he tweets about bars/clubs all the time), but if it was for something minor, it won't be a season suspension.
yes! I feel special :-)
Btw like your pic. You look like a pit boss or pro racer!!
says "Milk is for babies" in #PumpingIron - What do you think of the #RawFood / Raw Milk movement in Cali?
NOW it's time to RE hit 1700!! ... [for the 3rd time :( ] Please help!! SHOUTOUTS 4 SHOUTOUTS!!
We are wishing good luck tonight at the AT&T Center!
familiar from #Gitomer "Most people will not do the hard work it takes to make success easy. Don't be like most people.
Did you enjoy sxsw? It kicked my butt especially since I had a cold in the beginning
. Zentan's Singapore Slaw is uh-mazing isn't it?? Hope you can swing by soon!
Learn something new everyday... That's the beauty in life :)
lol of course!! Share the wealth <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
lmaoo you know you love. Mee!
that sounds good. I hope to be a contributor to the life that you want.
Doug Melvins request, FSWI hits the See, Yuni wasn't that bad" hot button showing the behind the back flipperdoodle double play great play
maybe you should begin to trademark some of your tweets, you know like Pat Riley & "Three-Peat".
my lovely followers should follow cos yk, he's pretty amazing. <33 (: lets get him to 8,000 x
Putting my two weeks in at moochie today, I'm so excited to work less this summer and just enjoy it!
Carmakers extend Chinese lineups with SUVs, luxury cars, EVs No one expects China's vehicle sales to rise 30 percent a year anymore, but
Thanks appreciate your views and thoughts. Nice to be able to do this
Yup. His full name is Mice President Joe Biden. Bidey for short.
Can this fan from Tennessee get a RT on her 40th birthday? Best Wishes Always!!!
You mean like a Yeti? Or is that something else! ;) Happy Friday!
good morning! =)
TGIF! “Don’t worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia.”---Charles Schultz Have a great weekend!
charge it:)
You have to have a forgiving soul in this world!
what phone number? lol
Not as many clear-cut Firefly references so far in tonights Castle episode. Thought there would be more with Adam Baldwin guest starring.
It's a shitty photoshop, but it made me laugh!
Immense unity not found in most communities! RT #tweetforCLE! Why do you think #CLE is a great place to live, work & play?
Does that make me selfish?
It's never #tooearly for IHOP!
Really like gizmo on div. - allows stud. 2 order steps, & comp. does calculating. Great 2 check concept. und.
I think that number is only so high because of me. Well, off to add to it some more...
thanks! I've got some time blocked to read tomorrow.
With the late deadline coming up quick. We're all getting excited to show people this film.
hey will I see you at Balitcon this year?
you missed my speech fool! lol
“: Rihanna's video "We Found Love" has been banned in France for encouraging 'self destructive behavior.'” that it'strue?
I cant accept your apology..
- Just getting back home wit tew da grocery store wit my moms...
you can only come if it will help
Aiming to submit #MCN12 proposal tomorrow late in the day. There is a draft, at least.
RT : Give yourself permission to believe what you want to believe, regardless of past experiences.
It's still pay what you can, people are still free to pay more.
Yes Sir... NYC Club Avanti all Day.
“: Haters don't really hate you. They hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they wish to be.” what?!! So real
thank you so much!! so excited for you to hear everything we're workin on! :) xox
Bored any 1 wanna follow me I f
130 more followers n I make it into the 1000. Hopefully I will b able to follow more
where you at fool?
FAMOUS SEDAN is a DBA of WORLD FAMOUS LIMOUSINE LLC., and is owned, and operated by Jimmy Eagle.
just simple hey can make a relationship and ended with bye
"No Chicken, No Check"! That ep was awesome! You were great, of course!
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle!
RIGHT? She better bring that stuff, that natural stuff, that curly or som - SUMMER HAIR. That's it!
I c the blood in your eyes,I c the love in disguise, I c the pain hidden in your pride,I c your not satisfied I c nobody else but myself ...
Just let us know!
Happy birthday to my three loves of my life and !!!!!!!
We are pretty excited about it! We'll have to plan a night out.
agree Kyle. spurs haven't wonanything since they became old and slow. although, I don't see them as that slow this yr
1h25m rain delay at Progressive Field. Game on
i DO say the same of Twitter.
I slept hard so didn't notice until I went outside. I was driving and all of a sudden tree debris blew on my window.
Live your life based on the principles that you believe in. Not based on emotions, feelings, or fears.
My friend, Bob Roden's Live Action film, PLAY BY PLAY Just won the top prize in it's category at the Phoenix Film Festival. Way to go, Bob!
Best feeling in the world: When a crucial source you didn't think you would get actually responds to your email.
what's up nick? What's w all these cities? Not being traded are you?
That's what we thought Heard some other people saw him there as well. Thanks!
3 miles today. Should have stretched better!
So. Aggravated. Let's create, build and work nonstop and then not show anything. #officepolitics. Hopefully conf will be better
Wow why u tired
*hhhcccchhhhh* "it's a bad mothafucka.... when ya bite into it cream fillin' shoot all in ya mouth.... glitta..."
In 1924, the Second Avenue bridge opened across the Miami River. When was the last time you visited #downtown Miami
Hey guys!! Good morning. Today I was to the school, was a really cool. And you? Today is FRIDAY day for Coca-Cola a lot!
fixing my bathroom and hopefully putting bedroom furniture together!
hey your ugly.
It's cute when couples act like bestfriends, same as when bestfriends act like couples.
Waiting on UCF's response is making me anxious , why do they take so long -___-
Ah, spring training in Phoenix. It's been a while. Looking forward to an afternoon in the sun.
Did you know that 90% of women make up the total of cosmetic procedures?
not in as much pain.
Meant temporarily, I need to proofread b4 hitting the enter button...
Out of the Closet, into the Streets
ya dig
The more the merrier!
thats a lesson it takes once to learn
Venue helps I guess...Knitting Factory in Brooklyn.
I really do need to know how much the dolls are?! Thanks.
thats a lie.
if we anticipate anything - we are bound to be dissapointed.
Karaoke night #Stanton Public.. Sounds terrible from my bedroom!!
followed you back:) xx
Forget the debates I was excluded from. My calendar is chock full of candidate forum. Ward 5 wants to hear real solutions to move forward.
Good morning America! Have a bless and productive day. :)
buried the entire day and finally dug myself out 15 hours into the session. finish small winner, hopefully back at it tomorrow.
you're first to me
Filming a Burlesque promo tonight.. Legs, Feathers and Pasties... Oh'My
I need to come back to the A
no - but I was told yesterday that I am one of the signs of the coming apocalypse! (zombie or biblical? I didn't ask!)
where the hell is that?!?
" Fear is just excitement in need of an attitude adjustment.”
Also, the notion that you would try to deal with the Chen situation expediently so as to not upset talks seems really reasonable to me.
I enjoy both shows for different reasons. Scandal is sexy, political pulp while Revenge is sexy, rich people problems.
You Mess With My Love Punch Her Ya Buncha Hoes Go Home.
thank you for the article. Yes, I will take you up on your kind offer. You make an awesome class guest!
ALL DAY, son!
I just farted big time.
Looking for the best, easiest app for using multiple Gmail calendars on my ipad. Need to be able to turn calendars on an off..
so cute
In Vacuo => In a vacuum or empty space
don't know anything other than it's gonna be a day-by-day decision. I still think they can win without him. Will be hard tho.
My mom told some lady at Debbs that she was gonna slap her and that she was a bitch. Security was called on her. Way to go mom.
Lmao & what abt when it grows up? RT : I want a baby penguin so bad.
Scary monsters and nice sprites>>>>>>>>
"I got the shakes that make ya quake, the fries that cross yo eyes, I got burgers that'll... Well I just burgers."
Of course on the warmest day of the week it has to rain.
there's Nothing like good pho.
I just rt Ed myself. Awk.
Needless to say LaGuardia was not happy with the idea of cops taking money from me but he said it himself that I paid ppl off and I did..
Heard a rumor that taco bell is closing down..maybe its a sign to eat healthier
Bought some really cute Sperrys today!
no problem!! How long have you been singing for?
you are doing a great job! Keep it up.
To our loyal brunchers. Roots will stop seating at 12:30 today. Private wedding to follow. Thanks, team roots.
HAPPY 18 BIRTHDAY !!!! Hope you have fun today!!(:
Its a morning up in here
word? hey hey now.. thru adversity...
$$$$$$NEW PLAY MOVED UP TO 3PM EST$$$$$$$$$$ DUE TO THE RUMORS THAT ARE FLOATING$$$$$$$ WE WANT PEEPS TO GET AS MANY B4 THE BELL AS POSSIBLE
good to see you guys! Thanks for hanging out.
you know of latest real estate genius plans to try to sell the space (along with the SIBL lib), right?
Me and Danny are gonna collab he's gonna make designs for my fashion line lmao
Dave all the way!
Thanks for the mention.
I love how my mom and brother called me to see how I'm doing at work :)
Hope he's got enough flair.....
#2011icf I am at the BrandYou session...
Bless your heart South Carolina. I love all these red states that take billions more than they pay into federal system complain about it.
Green Week includes a homebrew competition tonite , begins at 7pm. More goo.gl/GxRvz.
and Niall has a bigger peeeenusssss
On this #Friday remarkable #sale price for you today in our selection of vehicles in #Oregon!Contact us!www.parkroseautocenterllc.com
finally put a picture of me on hea
New York style weather in Miami today..
Pulling hair and kicking balls is not fighting....its called pussing out...but throwing punches and whoopin ass is fighting.
on my way to meet Heather. Wish you were here, lady!
follow back
The moment u try to open your locker cause u know how to and it took u 13min embarrassing when u show up to your home room andtheylike ulate
“: Beer is mostly water. This is why the water used has such an effect on the flavor.” ...ridiculously untrue.
ANY BLAZER fan, can I get a FOLLOW PLEASE
RT “: Only 15% of the population can wiggle their ears. Can you?” Yes I can, can you? It's quite a talent.
For nothing! :D
Yeah, just did a bunch of unfollowing. Can't stand all these retards.
Thanks for the patience, a little inactive online dealing with a newborn! <3
<U+200E>"Knowledge is knowing the tomato is a fruit, wisdom is not putting it in your fruit salad." - Miles Kington
I can't read all of it right now. :( I'm on my phone and it's being weird.
hater: austin mahone is gay me: stfu you low life bitch ass cunt. [:
uff, bet that hurts. and secondarily - what??? all in one sitting?
Hey Nancy, really sorry we let you down :( can you email me with details? supportdc(at)uber(dot)com
now i just need to convince ...
DEAR SARAH, I AM A REPUBLICAN BLACK FEMALE WITH SOME DEMOCRATIC VALUES. A LOT OF FOLKS FAIL TO UNDERSTAND.
Phone interview with Nordstrom in a couple minutes! wheeeeeee Wish me luck
Cut my hair & I'm regretting it. only b/c of this fucking short sidebang that doesn't frame my face properly. I look like a god damn child.
Well said Anthony!
Holy cow! Good to see you here! Happy Tuesday!
2-0 at end of first. #ibelieve we can win three in a row and the series.
made it two-for-two today. Tomorrow I'm going for the grand slam!
no it was opened by the people so boom
grandma always has pickles ready for me at her house :)
“Pour yourself a drink, put on some lipstick, and pull yourself together.” - Elizabeth Taylor. Thanks Liz, advice will be heeded!
Reverse Happy Hr 9-close... $2 off all alcohol & small plates.
dude you rock.Please let me open for you in the NY area!This is Rich, I played Jeff Buckley at your angels and kings open mic
Having the best day!!! And the sun is evening coming out!
You got this!!!
i need sum followers
Personality trait: down to earth. What does that even mean? Not many people are not down to earth. Now #DTF... Thats much better. Haha
104 or higher...
Hey Brian, Just following up, letting you know the student group's all set for See you tomorrow morning!
In Spain I learned the art of sitting and doing nothing. While in this state, one can solve all of life's riddles in a quiet afternoon.
clpSarah thanks for spreading the word!
RT : RT : <== thinks EVERY girl should experience african american dick at least once in her life!!
I know! So soon!
why would you feel hated?
Happy Friday! Is anyone excited about any movies coming out this weekend?
- hey, are you going to write about Bayocean? Cuz, wow!
RT ": how doing ? Hope She Doing great tho" hi thomas - i am doing great thanks for asking :) we miss you!
the app is $4.99. Comes with Lady Gaga tracks plus 15 other songs right now. Many, many, many more songs to follow very soon
RT : Gods gonna BLOW my mind!!!!!!
Thanks new followers!
Wow. I think I might need to swear off Twitter, Facebook, and local TV stations until after the election. It's gonna get ugly.
The Livingstone Spectral Imaging Project took some decaying pieces of newspaper & used digital imaging to reveal a faded handwritten diary
This week, people are coming out of the woodwork to help me. I wonder what tomorrow will bring!?
thank u maam :-) i wish u can come :/
On a side note, what a great day for baseball to begin its season in the D
Love your new TV ad. Very funny :)
Or a camel (horse designed by a committee?)
one of us is going to learn to cash a bet our ass can deliver :)
Mind you I am supposed to be doing an experiment on "How to Lose a Heap Followers in 10 Days" but people love the ratchetness
done by me nigga :)
Wanna go see Safe House this weekend...
Don't let loneliness, drives you back into the arms of someone you know doesn't give a damn about you.
Puff, puff, pass.
You always pass failure on the way to success.
i really need to holla at ya im dez 7734073812
she should be fine ... i'll find some shade or leave her in her carseat
My new Motivational Audibook, "Dollar and a Dream: Succeed or Die Trying," will be available 2-14-12. Get ready to overcome obstacles and...
Hey Cuzy Poo!! Miss you too! DM me your #
ur so gay
#ideas2action bass: where are the low impact practices (if the high ones are in co-curr)?
I wonder if anyone on the baseball teams wants these posters we made them.
Nice day to cozy up with coffee and cake...looking forward to this mornings tastings...
thanks for the reference material - not familiar with this man's work
Oh well I wasn't even following #amile ... So glad we play duke this year in #Atlanta ... I'll be there!
I'm from the west side of Irondequoit....I'm hoping you're not otherwise I will feel like a HUGE douche for not knowing it
that is so cool!!!
you'll be stressed til the move but once you're there, you'll be fine. :)
Hey! How goes it?!
Great civil debate & insights into the beliefs & opinions from the "Right"
No one knows what he can do until he tries.
Home from Brianna's! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> she's eventually going to be the death of me but I love dat bitch<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Everything is so peaceful.
"i swear he was singing like he was deaf" and yes i am in. what are we doing?
we agree that brands should capitalize on this! too premature though? bad news if they break up
They don't teach you this in library school.
ew don't start with your cursis! But you're Welcome... & thank you too lol ok moment over
Ok, do I need to read The Hunger Games? ( )
Haslem and Chalmers just kill this team...
So a happy-meal toy is illegal in CA but a flamethrower's cool? RT : It's illegal to own a flamethrower in every state except CA.
But "beat the Heat" is a chant reserved for Magic fans, so Indiana fans need to stop using it
don't listen to haters. The knicks need to get everyone to stay healthy and develop some chemistry. Amare doesn't fit well
why is anyone being mean to you? you are a nice person.
Saturday's attendance of 32,862 at Camden Yards, was the second highest of the year so far. Only beat by Opening Day.
so far so good, hope the rest of the weekend goes as good as its gone so far
Busy day. If you happen to know a #youth interested in #entrepreneurship, send them our way today!
no wonder you haven't been on much
oh, is on the case. Thx for the link of reassurance!
#cnndialogues how we treat out people can lead to a national security issue. How our country will or can prosper.
What valet driver steals hand sanitizer?
nice cock yes i am following ur tumblr
Rape young boys. Apparently.
since when is 3 dead and 75 people hurt equal mass casualties? Stop making news worse than what out is!
lol imma throw all my dirty dishes at ur window >:)
atomic structure needs a massive revision of its major summative assessment (the exam replacement one)- and everyone is game
WIN FREE PIZZA WEEKLY from Papa John's Milwaukee! Simply text FacebookPJ to 90210. Normal messaging rates apply.
1-10. How hot is Mike Brown's seat at the moment?
of all the music on my iPhone, what is making me smile? "Performarnce" by MC Spandex.
you are AMAZING.... way to make me cry!! <3 you!!
Downtown indy with a flask full fo whiskey, ready for some #sb46 people watching
Dress getting altered it should be ready by friday!!!! Im ready :)
Conversation == Argument, Finger Point == Tense Situation
lmao I do, everytime. Especially when a guy I like ask me that question ! -_-
I got robbed of almost $75,000 dollars!
And so it begins. I will now start living vicariously through my friends.
We are 2 blocks away from the Fullerton stop on the #151 bus. Hop on the #cta and come check us out!
Creating a dev environment for one of my #wordpress sites. Should've done this a long time ago.
If you do I need to custom make you a shoe as your coffin because it was with your feet that you went to bed with himorher
I am so far removed from educational fundraising though, so maybe this is normal for that sector. It still doesn't feel right.
Hi Paul, we have great coffee and great staff. Pop around to Safari Cup - we'll treat you to a free coffee and friendly service.
Me too. He's so cute
Good enough to retweet! RT : its always a perfect time to watch a zombie movie in LA especially when its EATEN :D haha
Lots of America-only features announced at Facebook F8: Netflix, Hulu,...
i love how you can pull off any look! so glamorous! but i get so sad seeing u cry =( your such a great sister! xoxo
The best things in life are not things.
Tomorrow night is comedy night at Catch 22, come join the fun 730pm.
I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one... #I'mfuckingsingle
u r too cool for school girl! MClub has nothing on u #bigleague!
should come down stairs
still at the honey comb??
on #Punk'd tomorrow Guess who's watching ^.^
double wrong if that's true than Zayn Malik knows me!
if you know me from school then unfollow me bye
The Rawhide Ranch "I'm Braggin about Rawhide" contest videos are rolling in! Have you done yours yet? Info is at www.rawhideranch.com
I feel like everything is so damn over rated.
sure:)) #followed :)
Its my sisters wedding this weekend!! :D yayayayaay
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
well, it was space, no light, no air, no BREATHING but I can see where that last might have looked like...something else.
One big mess picking up AJ at her MS. Why? Because they don't have any lights anywhere.
Girls need to stop complaining about "all guys" and just be careful of who they give their heart to.
what about 'microblogger'?
I saw West Side Story in 70MM at the Alex in Glendale a few years back. Get into that!
that awkward moment when your ex tells you how much she loves you... in front of her new gf -_-
I already had tensions on leaving anyway atmosphere just wasn't for me jayyer central over there
I dare you to click my follow button
So stoked for . But I'm wondering where is phase 2!
Wherever u wt to start baby. Xoxo! RT so where do you want me to start with ur massage
We can't say enough about NowRecords... More soon, but we're thrilled to announce the hip collaboration of Now Records + Apple Road.
i just went there. pray for me, folks!
killing time. working on busting a nut. then starting my day. good weekend?
Waiting for St. Nick
How To Get Guaranteed Search Engine Ranking
my prayers are sent..
amazon was an idea I had too but might go the spa route. I'm stopping by there Sunday so I'll probably take her out for brunch
Dont crazy for pie ?? What the fuck i ant type.
The verdict is in. Pre order our new Casey Anthony tee today!!!
Wow! The Derby is in Louisville, not Lexington, news correspondents!
and you are special to me
Lots of energy in the room this morning!
YOUR FINALLY PREFORMING WITH STEVIE WONDER DREAMS IN DREAMS HAPPEN TOO!! :)
Second interview much more positive and helpful.. whew. Fingers crossed first student was an anomaly and not a trend.
Be like 30 Rock and get the ax.
with you on that. *rolls over*
they are impressive #'s, so why are they always getting a bad review on company status?
vigil: Sometimes it's hard not to pronounce it /VIJ-oo-uhl/.
I donate a lot of time to a several nonprofit organizations by sitting on boards of directors - MOSI, TBTF, etc.
Brad, I fucking love you. <U+2764>
I need some type of closure
What?! That's awesome! I'm already here, shoot me a note when you get in.
YOOO!!! I GAINED 50+ FOLLOWERS JUST BY FOLLOWING -->>> #NOJOKE!!!! GO FOLLOW HER! <3
never heard of any of those people.
I'd still watch that.
it's not a federal holiday in Mexico... you can't deny that. Real Mexicans know all of this.
I hope you had a good on this day..with love your biggest fan :)
Help me promote, #StudentsSpeak, if you are a young student and in an immense amount of debt already! We need to be heard.
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. I'm going to run a Spartan Race! What gets your butt off the couch?
Thanks for ruining my day
Is there such a system not like this? Systems must define an inside and an out.
A borderline personality misdiagnosis convinces "Century" he can only create a new and true self by committing senseless crimes.
El Fin / The End / La Fin / Das Ende Feels so good. Next week we go for double translation. Great week!
i think JB is hot! :3
How do you make coffee?
Elena Schaefer & her opponent from New Mexico heading to tiebreaker 3rd game in #1 girls singles...
probably would have been worthy of a Super Bowl spot if so...
lmao do you plan on doing anything tomorrow?
NCers: Polls close at 7:30 pm, if you haven't voted, now is the time to make it happen
Denver last night...appears to be Arizona tonight on the Peyton Manning
hahah but Christopher got one :) he's sneaker than me!
lol, you ain't go be able to go nowhere....
When our forefathers gave us rights to bare arms they werent talking about fully automatic high range weapons as much as muzzle loaders.
NEW CHRISTMAS SONG! Our store is up and running at ReverbNation.com. go check it out! :)
where do we get the tickets for ure new York city concert
OK sending a hug and good thoughts to make it better. Be well moonshine...8*)
So... How'd it go? *waiting with bated breath*
Thank you
Thanks! Going to miss this #VMob HQ!
Our students and coaching clients are really making things happen! It is just so exciting to see!!!
#hilarious love the tags- wish u were here
Temperature real hot/ sweating like a sweatshop/ I think I need my Favorite Drink/ Gatorade/ Don't offer Ice Tea
I've never tried it with catfish- ill add that to my to do list!
Don't have the Syracuse game on but apparently there have been some, um, issues, with the officiating.
Thanks! RT : Aw congrats! Wow it seems like y'all just got married. Beautiful!
Just tapped Tieton Apricot Cider.
@ vvrotny: lol, Houston and Chicago are very different towns...
remember to hide the tapes depicting waterboarding
i can't complain about the move. As long as he doesn't ruin the Bills locker room chemistry, can't hurt to add him as a backup
so how many times have u gone back to #workout? Takes a bit but I get pretty grumpy if I can't go now. & I nag my trainer
Great workout, time to eat, study some and sleep until this snow stops
Are you doing anything green to celebrate #EarthDay this weekend?
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Yes! Fantastic!
Did they check the ball after that pitch? HAHA. WOW!
We aren't doing as many agent/manager nights during pilot season. BUT if a spot opens up, we'll let you know :)
The tears are coming out! Puck is killing me!
It's the eye of the Lily, it's the thrill of the smile....
Too much praise for contestants on AI is misguiding America. Changes need to happen. The same voters are the ones who think they can sing.
I am lucky to have you too! I've missed you so much this semester =[
i use to write the most STUPID shit on facebook back in 2009-2010 now i know why nobody liked me. i was a stupid freak ! #iwashellaweird ._.
'she's like the Susan B Anthony of dumb asses.'
Damn damn he missed by a hair on Kim k chin
One of my favorite lines from Pynchon's VINELAND: "Watch the paranoia, please!" #totalassaultontheculture!
The avengers was so fuckin gangsta!!!!
I wants to follow back!!!
You got staying up late (;
u the shyt man keep it real lol
#BeTheOne "Knowledge will give you power, but character respect." ~Bruce Lee
any Übies use the Pixelbender --> Oil Paint plugin in Photoshop? Esp. on sketch work? Mind: blown.
I'm already ready for MLB to start up.
I feel like I have to put in some sort of emoticon whenever I'm instant messaging/tweeting somebody lol -izzy
The 1980s is not our strongest era, but pondering of a series of Boogie blog posts. Any requests?
Watch & cheer the Ashley & Jeremy say come get some pasta & a combo sandwich! (Sausage AND Italian beef)
You are looking fabulous in these dresses!
is this your other account josh? :^) if so please respond and follow me <3
lmao just kidding I didn't read it right x)
Oh yes...done.
Bring it on Seame Street Tour!! Bring It On!! :)
I love cold weather. But man that was a lil cold takin the dog out wearing shorts. Finally can start wearing my sweaters.
Night everyone...work tomorrow and more Last Breath planning
People that call sneakers tennis shoes <<<<<<<<<<<<<
but where are his curls though
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 2
Happy valentines dayy<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. ~Will Rodgers
Thanks for the follow Don!
I'm not above eating apples from Walgreens.
This headache needs to go away ASAP
Dark chocolate almond milk warmed up in the microwave = delicious instant hot chocolate.
I don't care I'f it's a Nickel Bag being sold in the park, I WANT IN!
How many cups should we pour today? RT : Up early every day this week? Something is wrong with me.
I know right? Somehow Facebook stock turned into Aunt Jizzie and Uncle Cumshot ha
RT : Joey Durel of Lafayette - people reg tell him on street they would have left Lafayette if not for the network
I'm intrigued.
If the dont make any attempt at rebuilding IM DONE as a fan.
and now we are having to convos at once, even more awkward. Yeah.
The only thing suspicious about Trayvon Martin is how cute he was.
Reading *Bryant & May Off the Rails* is virtually reviving and intensifying my #Tube-related claustrophobia. Great read, though.
Donations are of growing import for all the societies that I know abt, including #a. Fdn support +/-=grants.
Life itself is rooted in freedom. We are not machines, we are not preprogramed. We are utter freedom -now it is up to us what to make of it
. not a chance. gingrich 600k in debt, media tired of covering him, no debates left, & will only win couple states.
you better get soon fast were goin out friday! =)
Its rains...we train! (Starting next week...phew)
Dear Roy, we had some good times back in the day but the #KUNation is pretty intent on repeating 2008 today. Love, EVERYBODY.
Its a rather well-known piece that pervaded pop culture as a result of the incredible popularity of the show.
awkward how when everyone leaves the class room & it's you & the teacher <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
please keep us posted with any info. Thanks.
UPDATE change location tomorrow AM! At Innovation Center, NOT Cinema Center for meeting
<U+8C22><U+8C22>,<U+53EF><U+4F9D>!you have a very bright future! I look forward to seeing many of your successful adventures!
Good meeting held w/ Nick C., our crazy & talented 2nd unit DP to view awesome crazy cell footage. Great stuff and totally off the hook! lol
right? Haha I've been looking into almost everything possible. But let us enjoy libations together and reminisce
Re: that tweet below. I've been wanting to do a page-count/weight comparison of novels by men and women.
Coe Hall will remain closed until power has been restored to Oyster Bay. Sorry to our friends and followers for any inconvenience.
RT #Taurus can make anything happen when they put their determined effort into it.
how can you be mad at him!? He is so jolly!
Damn cannot make any good sculptures...
RT“: When that time comes I won't be nervous. I won't be fearful. Cause I will know that I am destined to be there.”
the one two and a half men is on !
Filming in Mexico City!!!! My first day of shooting went really well and cast and crew are awesome.
you're my addiction:$
So, I accidently deleted my story that I was supposed to be putting part 4 on.... How stupid?!
Oh ok then I tell you in another email because in the email I answered today was basically the same as I told you right here on
you at Scott house ?
Skincare routine done. Eyebrows plucked. Now for a movie, a cup of tea and bed. Got a lot done today. <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
Initial thought on James Hunter: Kid's a big body, could develop into a credible offensive threat. Glad he's got 3 to play 3.
RT : Even the best of ideas have to be followed up with action.
Never underestimate what you can accomplish.
gimme deets and who is in it.
And p.s. the American flags made it so NOT obvious. Come on, #Obama. Think smart!
Is Josh Beckett going to be the official host for the TPC tickets winner?
haha aww! You gotta stretch :) ha.
Ain't gonna lie. Those #Dyson vacuum cleaners look pretty damn cool! Tired of buying shitty vacuums that seem to stop working after a year.
; well glad that is settled.
When the bass is so heavy you can't even see out of your sideview mirrors
In church worshiping my LORD!!
Theorized beforehand. Realized in hindsight.
Focus Group, Manhattan, August 31st. Looking for iOS users (iPhone, iPad/iPad 2, iPod Touch) with a Facebook Account. $85 for 1 ½ hours
im having a BBQ and and a b-day party for my aunt and dad. :-)
Bruno Mars killed it on the GRAMMY stage
when you're the best you always have a target on your back Chef.
OMG. SIERRA. I love you can you please answer my DM? :D
The world lost a true visionary today. RIP MCA
Cent FL rocking w/ races- Go , Celebrated John Glenn's orbit 50 yrs ago @ Kenn Space Ctr. Nasa-Nascar awesome combo!
No problem :)
hahah love you too;)
#POTD for Maurice Sendak is the other great realization of his books besides the Wild Things movie...the 1975 "Really Rosie" cartoon.
you would like the softest team in the NHL
Did you register for the WISE event on May 8 at Wrigley?
so after two weeks of no work, I finally work 4 hours tomorrow and next Wednesday.
With hannah banana : D
RT : " only took a week " dats too long Fool... Lol<<lmao you wild pimp
Reading Cosmo instead of doing my homework....priorities
I know that's what I was thinking... haha
Never liked the pink bats. After the Komen-Planned Parenthood spat, I dislike them even more.
Paragon Pharmacies Limited Reports Second Quarter Financial Results
Who wants a #Free 1 hr demo session ? See what we can do for you on your next project
that's where I spent years 2-18. so I guess that's where I'm from.
“: turtles are not vicious. They are more passive aggressive. The like to eat worms too.
Mann Van Gundy needa shut the f%*& up! Gets too emotional with the rules.
#youknowyourschooliscrazywhen your history teacher takes your class outside & chases you to the parking lot w/ a plastic sword on a stick.
The moment Trotsky began reading the article, he gave me my chance...
Have a productive weekend. Smile, hug and do something nice for one another. That's an order! lol!
I really hope another network picks up new show "Downwardly Mobile". We need her & John Goodman on television again!!
We're all about #pastels today. Let's see some colorful, yet not too bright, style.
Golf courses look especially extravagent and out of place from the air.
Good luck!
Good day work! After a long weekend, it feels good to get my routine back! This summer will be DOPE!
oh wow, she used to be my least favorite, i like her though! Chandler is just the funniest & most relatable for me though
In the good news department: Just set up the TiVo to record Masterpiece Theatre's Sherlock. Yes!
“: Sunday morning rain is falling~” in Maryland as well!
How is it you go to the Derby the one year I'm not there? Boo.
It's not over tonight , just gimme one more chance to make it right , I may not make it through the night , I won't go home without you
Someday I will finally be followed by my dear mother monster. I' ll be enthusiasted if that happens. Gosh! What a bitch I am!
Damn thought the blues would have at least one W in them
Thank you so much for the support Ashlyn!! :D
doesn't everyone know that a Bush blows in the wind and with it changes direction!!!
Report consumer interaction events verbatum to management to ensure complaints, questions, etc. are fully understood
Have you post part 7 ? :)
Tired. Woke up at like 7 somethng.
HEY YA'LL! Please RT this & get others to follow ! Special announcements coming soon, for now visit www.melodicnoise.com
Cramps,knee,ankle,shoulder,wrist. Yup told you I'm
Oh good, they are tree trimming on both sides of my apartment. Stereo!
LAST WEEK OF THE SALE!!!
And like that, Joe Biden altered his historical legacy from blabbering laughing stock to civil rights icon.
That's because he's a sexist pig, but I would totally get on that if I was a girl.
Jeff Parker's latest, 'Bright Light in Winter', is pretty great. Ever interviewed him ?
Commentary and a Making-of doc
out on a limb is a probleeemoo... Shit stoooopiddddddd
aw, not gonna lie that made me smile. But don't get any ideas.. I still hate you.
and me.
right here
RUNNERS AND WALKERS: We will have race results posted tomorrow. Stay tuned and we will let you know where to find them! :)
A simple I love you means more than money. Frank Sinatra
sorry man, read about the show getting cancelled. hope bigger and better things come your way!
Coming up on , apps claiming to give you a leg up in tonight's #MegaMillions jackpot...
Last tweet from the holy land!
FloRida is on every radio station right now. Good feeling and WildOne twice
This is SS cool!!!
I can too! I just don't know what to edit. :)
on my way!
hell yes, I love these guys. Gonna be scary good when they get healthy too.
good luck!
How will inovative healthcare providers use tablets in the future? Conversation starting ... now.
Listening to #AllTheWay for like the 100th time tonight!! Love it so much :) :)
Sounds more like a campaign speech than a plan2 recreate the budget. Is the city council onboard with the mayor?
please tell me there will be an LA Sawtooth performance. I leave for the west in the morning.
“: Aye! Birthday shoutout to my girl karleeelovesyou <3 I love you!” I love you more! :)
Forget what hurt you but never forget what it taught you.
All men should dress like #DonDraper <3 :-)
that's why I assume they're all African haha
I always get chills at that part in Buffy, in the 3rd season finale, when the whole class rises and is like WE ARE UNITED. WE HAVE WEAPONS.
Just handed Jackson the case for the aristocats and no joke without me saying anything he says "aristocats" wow. 4 syllables lol.
Q. What causes runner's high? A. Running (while sniffing glue)
Mostly 4 NBA biz; BUT, NBA should def. be involved in refining US player dev; whether it be college, or better D-League, or overseas
wait.. You're wanting to for really buy my iPod? :O
happy i saw Sat Give Up is great. Been a fan since early 2000s his new stuff is amazing. cant wait for more
Sounds like you'll be having a great time. Have a safe trip!
Great idea RT : A3: Does anyone send individualized announcement to new e-board members' hometown/community papers?
It was a blast, let's go and make deals.
Another successful performance; the audience definitely received our performance.
guys be nice
#ICantDateYouIf you can't give me personal space
Sick of hearing hetero-negative rants when I tell other gays I prefer going to straight EDM clubs. I go off & lecture them when I hear shit.
How is everyone doing so far ?
Thanks Autumn :)
It does not matter how slowly you go, as long as you do not stop. -Confucius
Who cares about the world cup !!!
Back down to reality. Have 72k after bricking two flush draws vs an avillian
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>maybe if it's a different color hah! Send me some!
Couldn't resist the dual retweets as I have not retweeted you in awhile and they seem like such a great pair...
shes fine too
Maintaining my FB friend list and like 20 people deactivated their accounts. Funny how this stuff is so much fun at first.. Hum.
Also just confirmed a couple of cool venues for February, details soon!
I liked Ashley in the blind rounds and the battle...lets see how she fdoes here
Im guessing no austream today :(
love u too! C u n a min!
Happy Monday! Who attended the Central CA Auto Show? How did you like it? What was your favorite Ford vehicle that was on display?
Spotted at the game: Coach Lynch, former IU Football head coach
What's is the deal with this Pittsburgh Weather
me too, but either way you coming in the winter! :)
Hunt: Intl comm needs to be proactive in addressing potential crises rising in Bosnia.
Who all stand in place of those that forgot me. I commend you. it must be a hardship to conduct such villainy in the face of grace.
RT : You're completely missing the boat on Chris Polk if he's outside your Top-100 & ranked behind guys like James & Pead.
We serve job-ready women by #Referral from 90 local Nonprofits: #DomesticViolence, #HomelessShelters, #JobTraining,
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
Agrees. New Working Animal Health Insurance now available in Canada & US for Service Animals. Contact us 4 details!
#ItsAwkwardWhen you look good & the sex is bad...
#aigabrightlights Bob Vogle - I never had a sad moment running a design firm.
We go for the pristine & narrowly intellectual, but should probably be teaching entrepreneurship to our Ph.Ds.
AAAAAAHHHH!!!!!!": SCREAM IF U LOVE DJ LUNCHBOX AND INTERN ADAM! #betterwithnashville"
Hey Nice live tweeting of Judge Biebel's speech to the Women's Bar Association of Illinois!
I learned about bike parts this weekend at 's Mechanics 101 class. Worthwhile if you want to learn about your bicycle.
RT : NOPD will conduct a sobriety checkpoint in Treme from 9 p.m. Friday until 5 a.m. Saturday.
It's a great day when you can wake up to a laugh... intentional or not.
It feels good to love somebody nd know they love you bak <3
Austin's body is getting better ;)
Your service includes our placing your ad sleeves into Coffee shops to be distributed into coffee sold by fuese shops.
Which is better? Paper cups because they are bio degradable or plastic cups because they save trees?
Couldn't find advil but I found some random pills covered in white stuff. So I took them why hello there rainbows and kittens
stupid auto correct.
girls with boyfriends.. I may be ahead of myself f though.
great blog, didn't know you had one. keep me posted on new entries.
Coming back to the station anytime soon?
hot dogs.
RT : If you digitally enhance a police video of Rush Limbaugh, you can clearly see colonies of fire ants living in his folds.
My son decided that all the spaghetti should be on the floor. Wonderful.
"I Love & believe in my country"!
Me too!
We haven't either. But every year about this time I start thinking about planting seeds, getting ready for this yrs garden!
#HIRING a Senior #ACCOUNTANT in WEST TAMPA $$$$$$$$$$$ CONTACT ME ASAP - start a new job in JANUARY
First TBS gave Conan a home and now they're saving Cougar Town? I'm starting to like that network!
>< It's one of those days...sorry
in school new job 1 thing missin? u
Is that what causes an eye twitch? I've had mine for almost a week. Thought it was due to long hours in front of the comp!
Our air conditioning broke :o it's so freakin hot right now. Now I know how felt. Hahaa
what about a nutsack for your cat?
The pleasure was all mine! RT thanks for an amazing workshop in T.O. It was full of laughs, packed with eye-opening knowledge!
There is 2 THINGS that people throw there MONEY away at..... HEALTH and PLEASURE...
welcome to Green Bay! Titletown, U.S.A. 3rd down sack specialist!
Soulful Teena Marie singing Frank Loesser's "If I Were a Bell." bit.ly/xDbAVY fb.me/1h85DRKcY
Yay! Its raining!
Hey #Pickerington -- Be tenacious -- beat Ignatius!!!
Faulkner once said that it was his ambition to be voided from history, "no refuse save the printed books." He would not have used Twitter.
The FBI is investigating reports that News Corporation sought to hack the phones of victims of the 9/11 terror attacks -BBC
LLS MY BOO!!!
yes the land 216!!
I told her... That's why when u die...
This is so frustrating. A very winnable game & they just had a chance to get back into it. Boozer & CJ are Philly's best players tonight.
#FoodAllergyAwarenessWeek - great info for parents from Dr. Kelso on this morning.
Yeah, sure.
No, thank you! Hope you had a good time!
Thanks for the follow! I followed back!
um hi... Already knew that
ratchet ass
I NEED to get some really great headshots for cheap!.. my agent doesnt like the ones I just got done! Any referrals??
I guess my FaceBook password was too easy! hahahahaa I love him!
The Belly of an Architect was okay, but I LOVE Brian Dennehy's character's name: Stourley Kracklite (Architect).
I saw Roberta Gambarini at Jazz Alley this week. Great time with friends.
I love this..."Keep in mind stressed is desserts spelled backwards!"
you are wearing a canadian tux today...ew
The Salvation Army's Food Pantry is part of an Emergency Assistance program to help prevent homelessness in Miami.
Sandwich Party at #TBoCA HQ Conceived Exciting Collaborations. TinBox o Curious Artifacts is Destined to Change the Way You Look @ Retail
haha already did an ikr!!! I lovee usher! But i love one direction so much more<3333
But seriously, if & really had light bursts shooting out of their boobs I bet they could score on Japan.
No one Pho should have all that power.
I already have a plan of moving there. I'm marrying an Australian. I am NOT marrying an American. I vow.
hussing up my buttons
As long as the CATS win tonight I could care less if they burn the whole city down!
someday? I'd like to be able to catch the grammatical error BEFORE I hit "send." le sigh.
will this episode be on fox.com?
Replacing stolen goods doesn't count
Thanks! Hope to see you again soon!
not going to lie, i think i'm going to put #awksteezey in my rotation.
:/ not if you already have one
Even though he doesn't have a Twitter shutout to RJ Thorne for hooking me up with those Grizz tickets! Love you man!
We'll definitely be back.
Warner Brothers? Who dey?
Yes IC may even have gotten it from family. Saw that statement after piece written. Delicate matter, but doubtful accurate.
With the best friend being lazy and eating cake before valentine's day. Why ? 'Cause we're cool like that, and we like sugar. Victory !
Second loc of #money coming soon so stay tuned!! who joined nychunt.com
Do you like the trade?
The nasty things we talk about in music app..
kind of afraid the neighbors are going to catch me perched on the stoop, sitting on a case of wine.
I'd like to see less restrictions on campaign finance. Not more. It's not possible to regulate.
Homeschool Moms -- bring your kids to SECCA to see how international artists are visualizing the tension between electronic media and paper.
Text FOOD to 52000 to feed a family of 4 in
oh my
Never say never <3
Yes, we have to do that together ! Plus we can get some service hours for #NJHS !
Finding a liquor store in the middle of nowhere appears to be a problem. . .
I could listen to this song everyday for the rest of my life 24/7 and it will never get old
's 3 Questions: "What do we mean by data modeling?" "What about markup?" "What about schemas"
officially a Millikin University softball player!
Thinking about your garden? Do you know which squash has a mostly green exterior - acorn, butternut, or spaghetti?
Wow. Things just keep getting better and better!!
What's better than going to the flop with KK and having the disappointment of the door ace followed by the elation of the K right behind it?
I desperately want to go bungee jumping but don't know if I have the guts...
My dad sat down and watched the video with me(: #ImSoProud Justin BIebbberrrr is gorjoeuuuuuss!
yep, glo-fish. Sweet, I'll look that up tonight.
bru im so tempted to listen to dese leaked cole songz but i wnna buy it n get da full experience...
My 4 year old son has a CHD.
Handy reference: Index of online services avlble in each state 4 low-income benefit prgrms, incl. #Medicaid & #CHIP bit.ly/sxKgIC
I can't wait for season 2 of awkward. Omg.
just realized my allergies haven't kicked in this year!! #sweet!!
well keep rollin cause i dont sleep at night remeber
Oh please, Steve: Better than the rooftop pool Beverly Hills or 's? Keep things in perspective!
Very Sad, my daughter the fancy chicken hobby farmer lady found out what "crazy like a fox" means. Only 5 of 12 left, three ducks gone. Sad
Yup Trey we cumin for u <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Preparing for another day of dancing for thousands of people from all races and ages. BLESSED!
Thanks for the RTs! :)
| nice seeing you today... hope your guard wasn't up then. LOL. Keep smiling... I like that better
at least hard courts are in fairly consistent shape. except poor armstrong last year with its bubbling fountain after all the rain...
Oh Brett. Please don't make me fire up mourn4.com again. I swear I'll do it!!!
Time For Floyd Mayweather to button this thing up right quick
what causes the foam?
Dick Clark will be missed like all the big name entertainers who have gone b4 us. Nuff Blessings DC
I haven't seen it either, but I really need to now.
Alan Greenspan talks at Innovation Nation event I am attending.
I sounded so sad.....lol
"my long distance relationship, or how to be a decent guy but still feel like a terrible boyfriend anyway" -- last 2 weeks & next 4 months
That's certainly a better use of your time and something everyone should do.
RT if you love your Granada Hills , CA fans!!
WAT IF GOT A TATTOO I WONDER WAT HIS MOM WOULD THINK ?
#S/O to my new follower <U+263A>
Hm...quadruple Macchiato and a raspberry danish from Red Hen
So cute!
Girl, you were fine until your sister woke up.
Live every moment, laugh every day, love beyond words.
For some institutions, that's a plus! :( RT : Eep! Applicants who write about exp w More Process Less Product
I think I love Nike
I'm not, unfortunately. Hopefully the next networking event.
and Draw Something.
Happy Friday!!
Everything good???
Scottsdale the veal is the best ever!!!! Reported ball players out on the town Go
LOL IT IS FOR ME JULY 16T NEW YORK BABY!!!
Chemistry can go die.
I ben texted u back
Scottsdale district turns school bus into &#39;computer carriage&#39;
Awww so cute!! I cant wait till we get a girlfriend for ours :-)
Seems many #mnleg senators are asking, "Howe does this work?" re: Sen Howe amedment on #Vikings stadium
I'll tell you in 3rd
CALEB IS GOING HOME THANKS FOR ALL WELL WISHES, PRAYERS,&CONCERNS IN HIS ILLNESS LOADS OF LOVE AND MANY HUGS TO ALL GOD BLESS YOU THANK U
I've got money, I'm a boss, hustlin like Ricky Ross
Dang, I have a big weekend ahead of me!
bad link Brother
Correct, I invited two dozen LOCAL friends. And I *did* tweet about it earlier, so y'all would know! ;)
I'll let these shoes go for 80.
Did you see Wade barking at Spoelstra? Not good.
Our Newark office is open today from 8-5. No appt. necessary for optical services. 110 High St. 315.331.5721 to make an exam appt.!!!!
Just had a dream I was back home at workin the front desk on a busy day. My vaca almost over than it's back to work
Missin my elementary school days
Making the trek to LA and the dentist.
My confirmation is today #yeee(:
Take risks u can afford. Never jump all the way out there (that's my advice for today)
Hanging out with the frattiest of guys. And watching basketball.
Big day 2day. My flag football team is in the superbowl and I am quarterback.
Beautiful sold out webester studio! Thanx to our friends Nat and Alex and to the gorgeous crowd! One of our best shows ever! #thank you
your fine I ended up getting shit faced
Choir field trip with ugly raptar green dress!
Love is like the wind. You can't see it, but, you feel it.
My girl is spinning her ass off, like .. 4 all the tea in china.
I hope so, man!
wish i had a blunt right about now
Medicine is a money game ....
i wish i were famous
The roof is open, the beer is pouring and basketball is on tv!!!! Oh yea it's happy hour till 7. Come join the fun.
Miss my mother, wish I was with her during mother's day.
Wackest thing i read all night. "ill go fucking crazy at a party if i drink a monster" Nigga are you serious..
He is all ice and wooden faced acrobatics. ~ Percy Wyndham Lewis about Wystan Hugh Auden
Hey Larry how ya doing?! Just gotta say you're my favorite WR outside of the Green Bay crew! Come to GB! Haha
Firefly marathon (netflix), crafty fun, then watching fireworks from a boat? Happy 4th of July!
thank you!
Nice Warhol graphic!!!...FIERCE...have a gr8 weekend!
who? ? I've personally talked to him he's an awesome dude and has great fkn music lol did you listen to him yet??
For me bleached wd be bolder move than tinted blue. I'm not THAT daring. You've got great midlife cars. Isn't that enough :-)
its time i learn how to do hair...for when my weave is in a crisis like it is now
A grad-school friend's ex-GF is actually in that film (and in Coven!).
Hate brings me down.
Dont worry...plenty of us have your back...this is a great adventure...be the hero of your story
Want this day to pass quick
Super excited! Miss Carnaval Miami 2012 starting in a few minutes :))
#VOLCANO DOES IT SCARE YOU??
Working with the Talent Manager in LA that contacted me through So many good things to look forward to!
Busy day - good! Bummin about Beasties - very bad
GET JENNETTE MILLION FOLLOWERS
Y'all gotta feel Obama tonite..!! If you a democratic like my status..
I swear I attract MILF'S these older ladies gonna have a heart attack fucking with me LBVS
It's on and poppin'! Cute, discounted fashion in the Gulch next to Urban Flats 'til 4 today. Come on down. $5
hahaha! That would be awesome!
Half of the awkward moments people put aren't even awkward.. just dumb.
Advice for a happy marriage: Never yell at each other unless the house is on fire.
Now, if you'll just man up and apologize to Mr. Harden, you MIGHT not get booed again in OKC...but I doubt it.
on Chambers - venti cinnamon dolce...ah
What does the last day of the month mean to you?
hey now. Ik it's true but that's we're I'm from and it will always be my favorite team.
peace King
How the fuck did student loans get my number? Time to change it. Jonathan Price's phone isn't for shit like that.
Man im hungey
Tony Parker Wins the Skills Challenge!!!
It is to early to be up right now..life is good..
Don't you want to take a leap of faith? Or become an old man, filled with regret...
Which outfielder do you think is the best?
This has been one of the best #MadMen episodes in awhile... I had Lane too!
I would be like IDC! Just dont break my 3!
Let's go
Tan, come son usted amigo? (:
Going to jam with at Sobe in Clarendon for my belated bday celebration and then more #karaoke in AdMo. Yay!
he's so noble it inspires me
''would you like a free condom? Its boisonberry''
Hahaha, you were one game off.
LA KINGS, CLIPPERS, LAKERS.
We have many great products in our store that are hand made by great artists!
I do, but it's being taken care of through my personal trainer and chiropractor.
Cowboys will not give up...GO TEAM!
Had a perfect day on our boat!
they aren't saying much. Just that he's not with the team.
You must be a liberal, judging by your nasty reply to me. I am happy with what is doing and support him 1000%
Could be. Or just sticking with general mythologies like they do with the Latin and demons. As long as its in the ballpark
Happy birthday brother :)
Happy Mother's Day to all of the moms out there.
Okay, sounds good.
That sounds great, but that's not how it comes across when it is shared directly with somebody who didn't ask.
Happy Mothers day to all the Mothers and single mothers and expecting mothers :)! God bless u! And have a GREAT day ^_^
well, at least i learned that some people in our school are hurting deeply.
really, where do you live?
you told everybody that on your channel already, anyways... EVERYBODY SUBSCRIBE TO MY TWITTER PEOPLES ON TWITTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well there we go !
Rejoicing in hope...devoted to prayer. - Romans 12:12
I found you BABE
Who Here Has Tasted Nutella.?(: I Havent And I Feel Left Out! RT If Yuh Have NOT Tasted Nutella.(:
Jonathan is awesome
green tea > pollen count.
i'm never gonna catch my breath. say good by to those who knew me. boy was i a fool in school for cutting gym.
Looking forward to a Sarah & David's gorgeous ceremony this weekend! Congratulations!
Read the bible
into the world of confidence, absolutely!!! which is no small feat...I can't comment on the content of your talk :-)
and where are you going?
Me too. I hope if this does come to court & she has to testify that they do all the same things they did for the Rutgers guy
thx!Love your show:)
TAOM might be the start of a nice little uptrend...
Check out MyTrendybuzz. Definitely interested!
Another sad day in Israel. My thoughts are with all of my friends fighting for peace with the IDF.
Oh gosh.... is in a dance off! I think he just pulled his hami. #SEIPDX #WellsFargoHere+Now
there's bots for that? LOL
Lets get it started in here !
Ooh, what do Fiona's new songs sound like?
Hoping the Oregon cost recovers quickly from the tsunami impact.
#RandomQuestion who picks your guys' driver, and merch guy?
Coming up in the mix on #fb next week
fame n success
True, but if George Zimmerman was black and shot Trayvon Martin would anyone know about it?
It takes a bold man to get his eyebrows plucked for everyone to see at the mall. Might want to save that for home mister...
The biggest challenge is that we've picked the low hanging fruit & need to make it known that we are still not even close.
Photo shoot next Saturday in Malibu, wonderful!
Reading & gathering are the enemy of the powerful ~ Dean Bakopoulos
hows my new engineer/co producer doing today
no more photographic evidence.
thanks for following meeh
Sure. I enjoyed kicking back for a listen! (=
All my life I've been considered as the worse RT : Fuck that shit I wanna toke guns and shoot dice
I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn’t say any other way – things I had no words for.
NEXT BIG TEEN COMING TO ATLANTA,GA AND RICHMOND,VA..SOON!!!!
you guys definitely won the prank war. Y'all had the best pranks! Haha
Try our chocolate chip cookies. They are the best!
We will be releasing our holographic photo ID cards for cannabis patients within a week. Patients after 5/1/11 can purchase them for $15.
#ColumbusCrew man! Closest team we have. Gotta support the
In proud to call myself a mahomie:) love you & please follow
Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see. ~~Hebrews 11:1
Oh man some people!!!
Tomorrow: Join clergy, home care clients, seniors, workers & concerned citizens as we travel to Albany to demand quality #home_care for ...
it is oppresively hot outside. . . don't bother leaving the office. . just chill in the AC, you can thank me later
Jealousy. A really good friend to me.
that would be sick to go to!
RT : "Are you asking your customers what works best for them?" #customerservice via on LIVE NOW
“: #DF11 This becoming a religious experience and with good reason, this stuff is changing the world”
Martha, Martha, Martha's Vineyard
Welcome to Louisville. Just filming here in short term, or longer or coming back again?
Im just #NotFeelingIt !!!!
Encino Eddie the Lizard saw his shadow today, which means the Valley gets 6 more weeks of 80 degrees and windy.
did you do any #black Friday shopping? 30 days till Christmas!
I think I finally got the hang of mastering music .... Good looking cuzo fa the programs
What's the difference between Golf and Bowling? It's not as easy to lose your ball when Bowling! :-)
I think it looks great! Very pretty color combo.
I think the long run of craziness caught up with me finally
Remember the old adage...always go with your gut! :)
Sims has been trying to jinx it since the fourth inning haha. He's a Mariners announcer
What was your last photography/film related purchase? Tell us what you got!
I figured, stupid question! No, not yet. We're taking off tomorrow.
howd driving go ?
where will i get a hawkeye costume for the avengers movie!
Time for another cup-a tea before lunch.
Sasha you sound like you've OD'd on movies a little. That must happen when it's one's job, no?
#WewontWorkOutIf you can't show me off to you'r friends and family...
yeah me too. I had a research paper to do.
Worst Groupon Deal of 2012 thus far, $6 tickets for the new Katherine Heigl flick "One for the Money."
always tune in to Channel 7, great seeing you!
great song! I lost that CD. Need it again!
haha yea I guess I'm lucky :P lol
Follow the #WestmadeStraightpaid family while you're at it.
Today we're holding a marketing workshop for our summer season partners. Follow along as we tweet
i brought cakeballs to work today: #gonein15mins!
That's missing some text.
hi Christina! Thanks for following us! :D
I gravely underestimated fashion bloggers. It's hard as hell to make one of those trend board things. Took me almost two hours!
Oh yes! And the inventor (CL Sholes) lived right near Brady Street.
where do I apply?
#LabRats is on in a little! :)
Got the new nexus s phone from Google today. My palm pre finally bit the dust
united or continental? I'm confused, so were employees. Thx.
Karen Cartwright kicks Rachel Berrys ass. Sorry
Last day of classes before finals....goodbye weekend, hello studying
"Norton, I been watchin you. And I know you been watchin me. And I know that you know that I know you been watchin me."
Also takeout and delivery is available today, please give our drivers ample amount of time to make the deliveries in the rain.
ill text you when I get out of school.
People need to get off of their high horse about the celebrations last night. Yes, there are a lot of people from State St. who are drunken
Your panel sounds interesting! Hope to meet you too.
Im never involved in drama. It's so juvenile. That's why my circle is tight, just right<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Fck that they fired me for some bull so i sit my as home and STILL MAKE THEY MONEY!
I love the rain.
Deer & turkeys running around outside my window.
St. Maarten's this week?
oh of course lol you should hear/see trying to sing it
I got a mouth like a sailor & yours is more like a hallmark card.
Adversity is a strong wind; tears away from us all but the things that cannot be torn, so that we see ourselves as we really are.- A. Golden
oh lol contact my management
Memo to : Romney was specifically asked about Trayvon Martin and DUCKED it. Ridiculous to give him a pass.
How's those #WestSide stories
Wow, that's great. Thanks for telling me. I try not to look at it all that often. It's easy to become obsessive that way.
Good morning! Happy day<3
aw briebriee happy birthday again baby doll and wahh ikk the only reason i miss my berry is bbm and youuy <33
Re: Cust Svc outsourcing: Just because the labor is cheap, doesn't mean the customer's experience should be treated as less valuable.
I would love 2 go 2 breakfast like right now:-)
it's a blessing :) “: I got a flat and a van full of guy nuns pulled up next to me n is helping me, its a sign from god lol.”
do it! Glad I could be of service. :D
Annual meeting about to begin. Topics anyone??
Is there a better tsotchke creation site than Cafe Press?
got a plan of action for 2011? I do! Lets chat if you are ready for a change!
according to Hannah Rempel, she didn't realize it was you. She was looking for "fresh-faced eager student" pic
lol me too! I LOVE wearestoopkid
thanks for another powerful word. My experiences may not match my expectations all the time, but I still believe!
Its sunday! Tune into right now! #supportlocalmusic!
Ill be back WED night
The best part about the with was them validating my belief that the SG is one of the best axes EVAR.
It's certainly inspiring to contemplate just how much Adam Yauch was able to accomplish in 47 yrs. He was a musical & cultural game-changer.
shut yr face
heartbreak warfare
Examine your thinking. Confront your reality. Acquire powerful skills. Our workshops aren’t for the faint of heart.
#Ididnttextyouback because im sick of the emotional roller coaster you put me on!!!
Thanks for the follow! :D Diggin "It doesn't matter what I do"!
Hello Carmen, great job
Pancake House Fundraiser Tomorrow! Between 7am and 3 pm, eat at the pancake house! 15% of net proceeds go to us!
i could be doing something productive but instead i'm just sitting around listening to rick ross & eating popcorn
YOU DOING A GREAT JOB SIR, GOD BLESS.
My first St. Patrick's day in 4 years that I haven't been at SXSW. Bummer! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
skintern season is upon us, DC. hide your boyfriends
CS folks rightfully get annoyed with we speak of programming + coding; the same is true when I hear them discuss storytelling + narrative
Such a great first day of summer! Perfect for iced teas in the garden or on the patio :)
Thanks for the #FF and back at you! Have a great week :)
Masai Ujiri is such a boss. Sayin we'll match any offer for tellin the teams to bring it, sounds like confidence to me
"Demi is so fuckin ugly." Excuse me?! Hold my motherfuckin earrings, watches, bracelets, rings, glasses. Bitch, say that again.
Ron Paul didn't deliver 4,000 babies. He simply read them the Constitution and the babies crawled out on their own in anticipation for thei
*blushes* yes, it took us 55 tries, but it's now right. Also, our webmaster should be updating the site w/registration info soon.
thanks, enjoy!
Yup! (: Well that's what everyone's saying in my class the girls even bought the tickets so I guess it's true!
Office Closed rest of the week, but people will be there at 9 AM each day. Absences are excused, be safe.
I miss your smile, but i miss mine even more.
Me and my Boyfriend broke up today :'(
I can only take mature, positive ppl in my circle
I remember now... Yall party at moct RT : RT : Can't remember the last time I set foot in a MKE club...
A lot of ppl look like there moms on instagram
Thanks very much, and the kids seemed to be having a blast!
You didnt take a camera And you were thier since 8:00 am So you should of taken a picture with him #Justsaying !
sounds like a good idea. Migraines can be so debilitating!
4 myself, it's about positive change & salary not on list of concerns.
Thanks for the info : "I was using the Wacom Bamboo Stylus for the iPad drawing"
Levels up to 75-150. Staying steady at 10K
RT : #Filmmaking is a challenge - -you're always asked to do something that you're not sure you know how to do
imagine college hill w instruments
Where its never sunny, the darkside of the moon
Never play uno w/ a mexican... For some reason the green cards always seem to disappear #Insider LOL
Any chance will get to see your AW daughter on screen soon?
True, but that also brings on the expanded waistline and the diabetes.
RT We’re looking for people who live + work in 92101… please @ reply us so we can connect with you! downtown
I love you !!
was zayn orgasmic or what?!
will stay in touch. Thanks for the tweet.
yes totally rock on. way to pump it up. etc. ;-)
you can do it!! *Rob Schneider voice*
Thanks for the follow Doll! We need to do another shoot sometime.
happy belated... Hope it was a good one
Workplace Fashion SOS: Quick And Unexpected Fixes For Apparel Disasters
Looking for a freelance IA in PDX to work on interesting projects. Please RT and/or DM me if you are interested.
#GypsyWedding is a very interesting show
Nothing f*cks up your Friday more than realizing it's Wednesday.
That is what we like to hear! Be sure to spread the word and APPLY! :)
my other car aint take this much money.. i guess thats what i get for wanting this car so bad
I do RT .Who besides ME thinks that it is FRAUDULENT for the ASPCA to pay their CEO EDWIN SAYRE $536,000 A Yr. Of DONATIONS
lol I was definitely multiple tasking pretty well <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Horny is the King of making men do stupid stuff. Just ask B Petrino and T Woods.
thanks for the plug! How are things by you? Plans for the weekend?
cus u think its cool to do.. again proving my point lol
Wearing my natural hair tomorrow!
I'm happy for you! You have worked hard for it.
Getting ready for another photo shoot.
Ahah. Bummed is a silly word..;) Rad too? Man, you're like a dictionary of coolness . And yess.. Haha. Guitars cool. :O<3
Our new iPad ad platform will unveil at Choice Hotels starting with the first 25 in the DC area. Located on the front counter.
can't get it to open :( “: just sent you the funniest face book pic ever... in a private message”
Fucking cookie frogs in puerto rico. Hana
Man in the mirror <3
It was a good conversation about touch interfaces.
try to prove things to yourself, impress yourself, NOT others.
I'm ready to see play live. SRSLY
Love the happy hour at Luc Lac. How can you go wrong with $2 small plates? Delicious, too.
I may have clapped out loud at my gate when the Mets took the lead. I hope to see a big W when I arrive home.
Waiting for this pizza to cool off...
Good afternoon!
Watching miobi in history because my computer refuses to work >
:P i cant i have a partner and its about the sun -____-
My 6 year old is still going strong
largest nugget Gold medal-winner denies deception ;O
I think this economics final paper is giving me a headache...I'm tired of looking at stocks!!
Lmfao these #2Chainz tweets right now >>>
Marianne Solivan team has crafted music as if with one mind, following each other's inventive twists & turns with an intuitive simpatico.
Good day at work!
Twitter is the best! Still loving it after all this time. It's instant communication! :P
:/ that sucks. Don't let ur day end negatively turn it around
I wanna see The Vow ! & someone is gonna take me
YES! best thing ever hahahaha
Ron Brooks assigned Jabari Greer's old #Bills number. I like.
#dhtrial elevator alarm from hell. Keeps coming back on. Will it roust a slumbering jury?
#HowToPissAFemaleOff SAY YOUR ON THE WAY AND NEVER SHOW UP, THEN CALL HER THE NEXT DAY SAYIN SO WHATS UP WITH THAT TWAT
HAHA! same here, but if im pissed off imma be like "bitch move the fuck away" and then i'll run lol
smh ... damn... I already know... r u on the phones?
women's rights and foreign policy ;-)
Thanks for the RT!
RT : #rockies are back
Going to see project X tonight with Michael (:
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital. ~ Daniel Webster
I've been doing okay how about you?
Ridiculous that the referees are going to have such an impact at the end of this game
Dude. I Love Your Interviews. I Die Laughing ALL Of The Time.! c:
Good. At least you are useful...
Lady on the street in Vancouver wearing a shirt that reads, "Looks like a hot dog, smells like a peach".
I thought so. You're very pretty :) <3
haha. I've always wanted to be one!
happy birthday!!! I lov Tinka! X)
SHUT UP!!! I want to see her live in the worst way!!!
@ the 347 Club in Baltimore about to throw down with Baretta. Should be a fun hit. VI massive in the building!! It's a rap!
oh okay (:
Seen: "our curated webinar series." If only it were "hacking our curated webinar series" woulda hit my word pet peeve trifecta
me to but I can't fall asleep-.-
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were.
Rule #1: I'm always right Rule #2: If I'm ever wrong, please see rule
I am always the one that drives in our family.
precious luh brother funny,he be trying to rap nd sht
Hahahahahahah :D Sorry my bad
or pop! if you see a van driving around town "honk if your hungry" to get some snacks for the concert!
omg that is adorable. And now I'm singing the song on my head :)
Evaluation of the quality of sources need to be better: for the teacher and student.
Janoris Jenkins fits with Cortland Finnegan and Jeff Fisher's Rams.
The production thats on my album oh yes its official
We're going to be making a BIG announcement soon for our new single #BeautifulComeback and we're going to need your help! Stay tuned!
My dad just called me a brat. SMH.
I'm starting to think it's not meant to be. </3 :(
Sometimes I wonder <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
good morning to you!
All these questions on The Subsitute are so easy .
yeah! my computer is filled with 'em!
#aaa2010 At the Digital Liberalism panel. It's packed to the walls. Can a grad student be proud of her advisor?
lol I get off at 5.
Okay I've finally "made" it... I'm at a party with Lindsey Lohan. Hahahaha!
Can't wait to see and the rest of my family this weekend for the 4th of July!
thank you so much for your support!!
Welcome back, students, to a new school year!
Nephew Tommy is stupid lololololololololol
If you dont signal.. I will not let you out.
DO NOT HOLD A DAGGER TO YOUR SISTER
If the NBA season was just the format of the current playoffs, I would totally watch from beginning to end.
If I send my dad letters mmh ....
I'm glad our president can make jokes about all the craziness
I think we're having our first fight
That you are, congrats! Let us know if you need any help with your marketing campaigns :)
is very sexy, beautiful and a super star!
Kurt cobain is on the street car playing his guitar. I heart portland!
RT : God bless Junior...an inspiration to so many
As much as WI love football its torture watching the games on MN v Denver and Chi KC, this is amateur hour
lol hopefully I will get it in the summer went I go up north!:)Thanx
hmu if u want a shirt or a button
Sagues: students today know their online teacher better than their classroom teacher
#occupyrva Police are not allowing anyone else to collect things from the occupation. A dump truck is on scene to take away everything.
RT : A3: Urban, creative, experimental = Crazy, fun, history related =
RT : Are YOU presenting at #iste12 ?
hahahaha just cause you suck at bball don't bring it down
It was UltraDavid who said the 2 words part not Keits, Besides he's a lawyer, you can't fault him
Another beautiful day in Michigan! Enjoying the sunshine while it is here. You too!
miss you too! Have fun !
sad day
Ughh tired drunk
As adults, we teach kids manners and how to be a good person, when we, ourselves are just assholes... interesting.
*last day in #NYC*
Went to #girlsintech at #twist and was stunned to meet more men and random sales people then #girlsintech :S
please follow :)
Do You believe that $FB is a growing organization? History leads MONTELL&COMPANY to believe that FB has reached its peak.
Made some cookies as in (just baking pre made cookies) with
Tierra, thanks for the follow, dreams are great to sell!
And they normally follow rule of thirds haha. That is the most important rule ever.
Participating in a presentation by Glenn Mitroff, Volunteer Coordinator at WORT Community Radio.
hello we are Twins Alex and AJ and we are here preparing to take the entertainment field by storm..
Madison Pharmacy Associates: Born from a vision to help women manage symptoms of menopause thru customized, natural hormone prescriptions.
aww thank you!! Long live the cardigan :)
Checking the teacher >>>
At kiddo's school watching the talent show auditions ... funny, talented and fearless kids!
Is this how your business sounds to your customers?
Make bank
#NBCSportsNetwork Dave Strader joins RIGHT NOW talking #Coyotes Hockey.
what a great show! Joe T and then Bob "one take" Ubanks!! Def no tamow on todays show
Good Morning..Come hang with us on Funky Friday and pick up a $12 gram with any $50 donation! Our strain of the day is Tahoe Blue. :)
The NBA! Where BullShit happens!!! Tony Parker has 3 rings and an NBA Finals MVP award. What does LBJ have?!? Nothing! That's Parker's award
Who said actors are overpaid?
Working on our EP!
I'm into having intercourse, that's something that interests you.
Why does nobody ever mention Peggy's baby on Mad Men??
thanks for sharing Bret
I hear ya man, I was thinking about that yesterday
Love one another and you will be happy. It's as simple and as difficult as that.
"See that man who thinks he’s so smart? You can expect far more from a fool than from him." Proverbs 26:12 (THE MSG)
that sounds like my normal day
Thanks, John. It's kind of you to share our work. If you don't mind, how did you come across the video?
(LMS) if u on birth control
Hello ATLANTA!!!
Make sure everyone that don't live in Atlanta send pics to so y'all can be apart of his video "Headlines"!!!!!
How's everyone? :)
Watching Tarzan on Disney
What does Lupus mean? O.o <3
Listening to Innovation Hub. Fascinating. Much appreciate your insights, experience and comments.
Hey, I got both goals right. Lesson for you kids. In a bind for an OT pool, always pick Briere. He's putting it in one way or another
who am i becoming ? this isn't me at all. somebody tell me who i am...because idk anymore..
i'm suffocating
@ Prom dancing the nite away!!! :D
Say hi to at ARF #rethink12. We are at booth 607 and presenting later today.
Haha, it looks awesome. Atleast it's raining on them though
You should come to the RICC today. Bees scrimmage at 5 (doors at 4); Riveters vs NY's Suburban Brawl at 7 (doors at 6).
Quick Tip! If your house floods and important books get wet, throw them in the freezer then call and we will restore them.
lol yup love that song
Is the head tax based on the length or the girth of the business? Vote #OlFloppyArms for #MayorOfChicago!
Don't miss 'Antichrist' on the big screen. 3 more screenings this weekend: Saturday at 7 & 9:30pm and Sunday at 3pm. 8 walkouts tonight.
Can all this work just do itself so I can hibernate.
You guys pick a day. I will be there!
I feel a little lost! What happened? RT : Well done, dad!
Our original smoothie is made with 8 scoops of strawberries, pom juice, real non-fat milk, and original yogurt
A quick way to up the romance factor in your bedroom is to drape a dark red scarf over the top of a lamp, but don't let it burn!
Thanks for the hospitality, #Texas! And the 10 extra pounds.
COVER LETTER TIP: Address "HOW" you meet the minimum requirements located within the job description (Very Important). -George, TSR
follow back
Thanks! We're proud to sponsor
a lot going on at home, grandpa is going to pass soon...and working but trying to pay my debt. And mom...and everything lol
RT : Had a very nice meeting with , a great leader on bike/ped issues in Western PA.
Oh, and by the way...the kindle version is completely free from Midnight tonight until 11:59 Sunday night
thank you for the shout out
Got to see win last night, pitching. Not so bad!
IE INFOCOM is happening right now in Orlando, FL! In the area? check out the Cambridge booth! Stop by and chat with us.
don't know if I'm watching it #SCC4 I wanna see make a comeback though!! U watching it?
oh shit u got a hemi! Once u get that strap, you'll have a fleet of them!
<Stretch> <Yawn> Time to start planning...
Time to clean house in more than one way.
i love too
We're proud to have the team This is a startup the really values great UX!
JWF opens at 5:15 PM to show first team match followed by USOC match for #timbersu23 club. Specials for beer & food
feelings = hurt. <U+270B>
my tattoo party gone bang!!!!
One more contest for today- RT this for a chance to see Basshunter TONIGHT ! Always a party when he's here :)
I work for mocha ice blend:-)
Tune in MSNBC w/ Martin Bashir!!!!!!
I think Butler and Cleveland State are being allowed to play with meat clevers and steak knives
she's back with her old family, how precious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Rememer to suggest us to your friends on Facebook and Twitter.
im assuming i can wear sweats today...
Don't mean to be too insensitive, but think I have more teeth than all the people in the Denny's I just ate at had combined.
the beast hates peeing in the sand pit because her veeg always comes out dusty... i can tell it makes her uncomfortable
Humane Society: Extreme cruelty exposed at Pennsylvania egg factory
<---SHE LIKE TO TURN ON THE LIGHTS B4 SHE RIDE THAT _____
Virginia Woolf~ I have lost friends some by death... others through sheer inability to cross the street.
Hedenophobic means fear of pleasure.
better early than late!
": "What's David Schwimmer up to?" - David Schwimmer"...hopefully being funnier than he was in friends.
got another yellow pompom maker. Now there are 3.
haha love you to(:
Thanks for following my twitter P E. "Take the perspiration out of aspiration". I like that.
Hugo has the most nominations? Really?
We Need More Heroes In the World Today To Come Together For Greater Purposes
Just tapped Southern Tier Java Imperial Stout.
I'm not perfect ..I'm human ..i
MCAS TOMORROW. SHIT. It's so useless.
What do you think of Earth Aid www.earthaid.net?
We can do it real big, bigger than you ever done it.
Ready for the skill only tournament (all in or fold) at
I hate a ugly conceited bitch , if you're gonna be conceited at least own it lmao
it was soo busy!! You should still stop by :)
CheckMate Bitch
Spicy indian chai with ginger and honey. My mom's secret remedy and does wonders. Feel better!
Did you know that we have two VIP parking spots reserved exclusively for City CarShare members at the Trader Joe's in Laurel Heights,...
I rode thru the country club today. Windows down, It was the sublime version. But I thought u might have heard me
Pinky at the corner of her mouth ooooohhhh!
Now Following!!!
what?! Ice cream sandwiches, I'll be right down.
Walker because taxpayers are seeing how the union controlled gov't in WI past was destroying the state and ripping off taxpayers.
I honestly wish I had the balls to just walk up to people and say, "Hey look, you're really good looking, and so am I. Let's go."
my friends maraha and chris will be in the abc special #susnsetblv you should see it!
thanks! It was nice meeting you.
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Strive for completion NOT perfection!
I THINK YOU FORGOT WHO I AM :o
RT : #ThoseThreeWords Put it in < bingo!
almost did my first day at best buy it was amazing!!
I'm looking for someone (or a company) that can help make a video infographic this week. Any recommendations? E-mail or DM me if interested.
have u heard of Kickstarter?
I paid last time... then discovered they have free tickets... I sorta wanna go free to the next one I attend?!
You da sweetest thang on my head and...
Republican governors blocking Obama's health care law from taking effect? Hey #GOP, stop hitting below the belt!!
One could actually build user interfaces with little grunt work (again)...
haha like what? You have to connect with people and hashtag
I assume no one cares that I got poisoned by food! Why doesn't anyone care! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I wanna go see Chimpanzee on friday!
Hope you enjoy the app! Thanks for chatting :)
Just had one of those meetings where afterwards I had to run to the campus store for an emergency ration of yogurt raisins and Diet Coke.
probably likely. still makes the interview interesting to watch for his body langauge, etc.
I referenced a floppy disk the other day and my daughter was more than happy to remind me that was "last century."
(cont) one stop light hes blasting GnR Sweet Child O Mine. Me: still in tears* Guy: WHERE DO WE GO NOW OH WHERE DO WE GO NOW
You'll Always Be My Favorite Hello (:
#DesignBizChat is TOMORROW! Join at 10 am ET - Collaboration - creating it, making it work, using it to succeed - assembling great teams!
I know - it's very scary to me - I'm just not in the mood for an argument with people who refuse to see. Not today.
ready to get off.
are you in Cbus? How's that storm?? ;)
If you are worried what people outside the locker room think, you need to change professions.
Pizzas here! Schwing!
sure would b great to get that #DaleJr #200win today!
thanks dude
Mars Base: Oxygen Leak. "Discard 1 Ongoing". That's out of our hand, right?
true, its my favorite come back... :/
#donated 96 heads of #lettuce to #SecondHarvest #FoodBank and feeling great about it. We have pics on our FB page.
Why am I so lazy before a shower? Procrastination town.
:) she would lol
U BETTER PUT SOME WATER ON THAT DAMN SHIT...(IN MY POPS OFF FRIDAY VOICE) LOL
excellent photos & message - thanks for sharing!
Join us tonight where the good looking people dwell & the bottles dont stop poppin til 4 n the morning. DM us for RSVP/Tables
HOPE YOU DIE!
Every nite you cry yourself to sleep, thinking why does this happen to me .
‘If a business does well, the stock eventually follows.’ ~Warren Buffett
We are eating lunch at Jazz at Legends at Sparks Marina. It feels GOOD in here!
#GirlsLoveWhen You're on time!
It's a kind of day
Urinary tract infections (#UTI) can affect both men & women. They require #antibiotics, so if you think you have one, head to your #clinic!
It was awesome, like it was CFB season again RT : YES! STUNNED BULLDOG FACE!
we Out hea !! ;D im also in love with j.cole e.o
What do you want to see more of on the 8 O'Clock News?
RTing only because I agree. RT : Yum. Bacon.
IM SUPER CRAZY.
Caps playoff game 3, Strasburg aka Heavenly Hurler on the hill..who says DC sports scene is dead..this is good stuff!!
the downside of coming back to the mainland: i have to start wearing shoes again.
All this teeny bopper stuff is really making me want to stab a microwave.
--Two Questions: Why is Moira getting shorter. What's on Ryan's chin?
Spoke 2a YMCA staff about this today // Cool. Preach it Heather! :)
isn't there only one color? I'm a huge fan of
I love being able to fire bullets metaphorically through song. Its such a therapy being able to retaliate so eloquently. LOL.
Great spinning w ! What a night.. Can't wait for the next time
If Pomeranz is sent down I will be very disappointed.
My girlfriend just showed up to my #DJ gig!
FAITHFUL BEAUTIFUL INDEPENDENT WOMEN >>>>>>>>>>
i never cry and I just like bawled and I made it? im like idek?
“: ESPN stands for... Extra Special People Network #BSPN #ESPN” Eastern seaboard propaganda network
Civil Brand is my movie! & it's on HBO right now <3
will do!
Emergency vehicles: Please get out of the way - KARE
Cruises starting at $169 sailing from Miami
RT : Is it weird that I am referring to last night as a loss?
haha nice to meet you too; hope all is going superbly
You can lose 1-2 lbs a day w/o starving, w/o excersize, no injections, no prescription & FREE support <U+2665> Las Vegas HCG www.lasvegashcg.com
Putting the PRO in productive today. Kicking ass, taking names, running out of paper.
I didn’t vote for you, I’ll never will. You are a jackass for converting my 7 min 3 mile commute to work into a 90 minute nightmare. FYL
I love that cover.
Home:-) Dont you judge your sister. In the 11 commandment it says thow shell not judge your sister... lol
nothing im grounded for the weekend -__- , u?
Awww, I have two of those & they are just funny!
Wishing all moms & moms-to-be a fabulous Mother's Day!
STAHP. I can't watch this omfg the news is saying raman noodles do something bad in your stomach. I CAN'T WATCH
possibly so!!!! Lol
All roads lead to Rome.
let me know if you find anything! I was so sad about Wylio! I was just starting to teach it..
I can't freaking wait!! #BOYFRIENDVideo it's gonna be amazing, I already know, xx
I know I'm a bit late to the game, but Girls' Father, Son, Holy Ghost album is fucking fantastic.
Wow the 76ers are on a 5 minute scoring drought! The Celtics just grind you out & lock you down!
Thnx to all who participated in the 5th Annual #Transportation & #Infrastructure Convention! It was a HUGE success. See u in Aug for Summit!
Suddenly Mr. Popular, I see.
Al Horford has played 45 minutes tonight. Dang.
“Within you is the seed for everything you seek. Everything. Start there. The miracle is YOU.”—Kute Blackson
Which is about as likely as City not beating QPR...
Sick n tired of ya bitchinn
And thanks again for your interest. If you have other questions, they might be easier to answer via email:
We are ALWAYS looking for ways to help the non-profit and arts communities in Htown Let's talk!
Caps/Rangers Game 7 tonight! Going through withdrawals from not having playoff hockey the last 2 nights.
Im going for my summer Swagg!!
#Avengers all up in ma face tomorrow @ midnight!
I feel like I'm living thur a nightmare right now.
Don't worry about a thing, cause every little thing is going to be alright!
#ILovePittsburgh enough said.
I guess Hal Holbrook will have to get another job?? Or is he just the "boomers'" Mark Twain :-)
Prepare for a phone interview the same as a face to face interview (quiet area, dress professional and use a land line)
nevermind im staying home today
Undercover Brother lol
great site! Nice to meet you, and keep up the great work.
Registration is open for tonight's 7pm $140 buy in (125/15) tournament. Sign up until 8:40 pm, start with 10,000 chips.
Had the best last day of spring break with alex
Who your icon is of? :]
thanks for the RT! Hope to see you that the
helping everyone. You might not need them today but at least u know when u need them they are out there ready 2 help & (con't)
": We should change people's definition of love"
Toes: sprained little (5th) toe
I feel ya sound good see ya soon bruh
bout time you did prospect!
Also #FF to some of our new followers this week, thank you!
Romney: "... domestic partnership benefits, hospital visitation rights and the like are appropriate but the others are not." Which others?
Just to be close to you is my desire! #myprayer!!
#ThankYou Foundation for your renewed charitable support this holiday season. Your generosity = Justice for vulnerable DC seniors!
RT : Again, not "gay rights." #LGBTEquality or "civil rights." We don't call them "black rights" & for good reason.
There is no better day than pay day
u were in Philly
it means shout out
Sorry to hear about Donna Summer. RIP.
love that show
DJ had his laptop stolen...during the wedding. Ouch :(
Just fell in love with Again ! Lovumba ;)
i just saw this and it made me tear up THANK U SO MUCH :') ur so sweet
Go for it! Rejection nourishes the soul. Or it can, anyway.
I wish i had Chachi's hair!!!
i just finally go a computer so i am tweeting like crazy and it actually started with philosophy lol
I want to be in Monaco performing, poppin a bottle of Dom Rose in a bathtub! Boom!
10 Facebook Tips...dn't post anything that u dn't want strangers 2 know. u can always call ur friends n tell them.
While the art building foyer is nice. I also liked it simple when I was there (class of 97)
Despite fears of the British fighting their way out of Boston, nothing has materialized over the last week.
im thirsty for your like an alcoholic need it im finin for some reason i can feel your lips owe i want yo kiss
done! I'm tired of #Comcast deciding what's good for me and my entertainment! I want Baby Cakes #directv it is
I put some frozen spinach in my fruity protein shake like showed me & it's great!
: tweet some good pics tonight
A thought: The spirit of a place is more true with the mountains intact.
$445 to get a police escort around town? Hello birthday gift idea!
It's a great time to take advantage of the incentives & deals on the Ram Truck you want! #MelloyDodge 9621 Coors Blvd., Albuquerque.
Elm Street? You mean Nightmare On Elm Street?
oh my gosh, that would be awesome!
RT : look like Joe Scarborough attended 'Sarah Palin Blaming the Media when I suck University'
loved it - great read
Nice desk! Love that you put good use to the effects in our QWiPS App.
yes indeed DZnuts
demos are up at www.myspace.com/dontmissoutmusic
excited for your visit to Detroit. Haven't seen ya since the 6/6/06 show! Good times
“: It's not road "rage" if I'm laughing the whole time I'm doing it.”
Glued to my radio - now listening to these reports out of Syria - - so poignant to hear about artists
Laughing improves creativity and alertness. Really? That why I am a witty ninja?
Manchester City
Thanks! Fun to be in touch. Looking forward to your insights and observations. #interior design #hearth art
what the hell am i gonna do this weekend? everyone is leaving
thx for hosting!
I have a post about the 2012 Gorilla Run in Mankato, MN on Google+ Just because I can...
#NP~~> Cartoons and Cereal
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional - M. Kathleen Casey
You Beautiful Gorqeous Funny Skinny everyone likes you,,, i wish i was you
alright for sure!:)
Thanks -- LOVE that chest of yours!
Thanks Lena for the follow!
Nothing But Being Bored
"Forgiveness" or "Up To the Mountain" by Patty Griffin
Protesting legitimate liquor licenses, a true Baltimore City pastime.
Foam rolled this morning since I had some quad soreness & cramps throughout the night. Holy crap.
Unfortunately, we don't have the budget to pay for travel and accommodations. But please submit your panel idea and expertise!
My long time writing partner, Bobby Womack is featured on music bio series "Unsung" tonight (Mon) at 7PM (pacific time) on TV One
Fine, fine, fine, you win, you should be on the show, this way we get more of you! ^_^
Awww, thank sweetie...What a mighty God we serve! Love u girlie~
The DeWitt Law Firm has launched a new website! Let us know what you think by visiting us at DeWittlaw.com
Have a safe and wonderful, festive New Year's Eve celebration! Thx, & look forward 2 ur tweets
every team has the exact same jersey just with a nike check on it
Listening to gospel bout to start my day
whos your cousin?!?!(:
peace dc see you next year
Yea. You better not screw that double play up.
I don't watch many other programs besides ours, but one program that I am overly impressed with year in and year out is Marquette.
Rather 'Kiss of *THE* Spider Woman.' Wouldn't want to upset the Spider Woman.
Don't forget to sub my YouTube channel! ;)
Last Q: how do you find the sweet spot in terms of price? Volume vs. CSA/farmers market model.
just got home
nobody can please you better than you
Ew OJ Mayo.... RT Here's my Wizards two guard off-season wish list. James Harden OJ Mayo or draft Bradley Beal. Thoughts?
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one
I'm rather fond of the green Link buses
oh I forgot y'all all the way upstate. We def going to talk tho. Send me the links when you do ur show
Wishing you where in Arizona,
My lips are so chapped that I just WANT TO DIE.
Love is a Sweet Chain: Desire, Autonomy and Friendship in Liberal Political Theory 8211 James Martel download, read.. error: either unsuppor
Thanks for watching and sharing the tweet pic! Go Team !
To paraphrase Coolio: I got a bellyfulla Mexican and a gleam in my eye...
Yea I think that's what I'll do when I get out of here. Just gonna go home & relax.
I just realized that I get to sleep in tomorrow!! Thank you afternoon AP test!!
Nevermind...just saw one of your previous posts. Hope it was good.
I wish, but I leave for LA for Star Trac work tomorrow and will be gone through Saturday pm...maybe Sunday?
Renovation question comes full circle in Peabody - Chicago Tribune
Little monster forever! Paws UP!
Nurse, a bear in my face wont distract from the shot. Sincerely, been through hell and back. this is nbd.
no problem! Please follow back! Japan huh? That's awesome! You'll have to spread the word about us if you like our Music!
This dumbass Reggie Miller just called this dude Mr. Jambalaya LOL
Hahaha awesome. Followed.
My calligraphy website is now on the first page of google.com - that explains the brisk orders being received!
I love summer!!! Looking forward to a great week
"The Twitter Is Not for Selling Books," an excellent post by The Red Pen of Doom that will leave authors laughing, crying, or both....
I would recommend seeing LMFAO in concert. What a great band!
Transition from working off what you know to not knowing what you are doing. ambiguity makes design productive
Shaved off the goatee. time to go to school :)
grammar much?
Go Johnny! Hate I'm missing it ... be there soon
i say focus on Crawford
Closing another property in #aurora #colorado. If you work short sales, what is the biggest obstacle for u?
YOU TWEETED SAYING IF THERE SOMETHING WE DONT LIKE TELL YOU SO HERE I DONT LIKE THAT U NEVER FOLLOWED OR TWEETED ME BACK<U+E403><U+E023><U+E411>
Yeah, it's still early, but I have been doing a ton of new estimates already!! :-)
I tried calling and they don't have a customer service rep... they just want you to email. That's not good.
lol what are you up to today
I've said it before and I'll say it again Jeffrey DeMunn is really fucking good actor.
Not a huge fan of flying, but have to admit its way better than driving. Thxs Southwest for the smooth flights! #NOLA!
oh he sucks. Was my sarcasm not clear?
I feel that me 2
#INCS Having a great time in KY this weekend! My panel, "Picturing Violence and Horror," was well-attended and really productive ...
pls check out new music social website launch 5/8 -for artists discovery, and fans increase support of new bands.
What were the results of your peak X polling?
Agreed. If not Philly, I'm rooting for Chicago next year.
poor bitche don't have a job
Feels like a Marquette day to Pita Bros, See you guys about 11:30.
how was I not following you? My bad!!!! Really looking forward to the event!
I’ve learned that everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while climbing it. – Andy Rooney
wish i could go tonight
I love Wet n Wavy...liquid styling hair serum...my hair stayz on point now
working the nightside shift and getting treated to 's spot on Beyonce acapella... who knew he was so talented?
Does it bother Anon that if Guy Fawkes had his way, we might be living under a Catholic theocracy?
Ahh genius! Thank you man, was sad I didn't get to say thank you in person at PyCon for all your great work ;)
Don't hide out from the world. The world needs wonderful YOU!
70k going to 1-2k. Spewed some last level.
same here. first ncaa finals i remember watching as a kid. who's your fav?
": Nf follow bak #letsWork"following back love thanks for the follow
Book as your next #speaker at any #socialgood #event #lecture or #conference. Contact
At the game with my honey
I know her book talks suck. She just flips through the book and picks random questions. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
What is this YALB you speak of?
The possibility of west coast family travel this summer has me positively giddy. I need this to happen! I need some California.
That was the hardest eurhythmics dictation to date
I'd like to welcome the sun back to LA! It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood.
I think wanting to be happy 24/7 is one of the stupidest desires ever. That's just me, though.
YUP! Sunoco is official so I may have some problems ;)
Mitt Romney's in Youngstown today. That is all.
ALA Anaheim just got even more exciting Yes, it's true - George R.R. Martin will speak at #ala12 Sat, 6/23 @ 4pm
. . . . And that's a fair enough observation.
I will only scream if you can confirm that Mike Nesmith has signed up for this. For that matter, Davy , Mickey & Peter.All 4?
did you buy a card or credit card ?
My fb app is acting slow !
Bahaha. Love it. The truth shall set them free. :)
What do you expect out of Dennis Dixon today? Do you see him coming out and showing he can play or will he completely flop?
yep. plus the double digits, too? they haven't a hope. it'll be like brigadoon right there in the meeting room.
Jess Klein - Before I Go - 09:16 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
National tournaments
There are a lot of wonderful woodcuts in the Elizabeth Olds papers. We are working on the finding aid now and it's been a treat.
yeah fa shoo mane
#UPCFallConcert hi warner patterson!! :)
Not all groups are lokking to council to maintain or increase their pay and benefits. Employee unions do.
but then again so was ms.mims talking about how I didn't have friends lol, she's just something else
going outside to kick the defenseless trashcan over, be back in a sec
Family isn't about whose blood you have. It's about who you care about.
#thevirgoinme is pretty similar to all the other astrological signs in me that I don’t understand.
Training sesh with my fiancé and best friend tonight. It's awesome having a personal trainer as your best friend! Now if only work was over.
Supermoon In LA: Best Places To See The Giant Full Moon (PHOTOS) - Huffington Post
I accidentally deleted my twitter app oops but its bak which means I'm back which means u guys can continue 2 masturbate to my tweets again
I hate school. I want it to die.
Golf Tournament tomorrow.. Time to beat up on some ol' farts
Don't treat this like a secret
ND sucked it up tonight. Maybe they were tailgating all day with their fans. Sure played like stumbling drunks.
#GoTribe Baseball season has started
we watched Head and the Heart last weekend. Really great venue!
MT most used words in tonight's #FLdebate: taxes, economy, conservative, freddie, jobs // you forgot "beets" & "Mars"
Happy Good Sunday morning I wish those well who are running in the Chicago Marathon today.
Undefeated season for lax isn't gonna happen anymore.
ditto ... “: I am feeling a strong connection to this lady! "I'm clueless, but competitive." The Moth, #aam2012”
RT "We're born into a box of time & space. We use words & communication to break out of it & reach out to others"
Beach bound lol
Not even abt to look at "Following" list
3:24 pm and just waking up myself. Don't fight it. Enjoy it lol.
Wake me up when meeting a local radio "celebrity" is worth all caps.
The first step out of the gate has to be knowing where you want to end up. What do you really want from your company?
yeee! :) OMG that's so cool! But:( how I pay on Facebook? 'cuz my momma is trying but don't pay and I want to watch!
When you wake up 2marrow mourning...BE MORE Apprechiative and Greatful 4 the things you do Have
That's pretty exciting - it should be lots of fun for everyone! You all laugh so much now, can hardly wait to see the fun u have
really not ok!
Ha! I'm expecting the same thing. Mine once ordered a Halloween costume and also found a DS he wanted on Ebay-close call there!
pick up ur phone then ..
haha next time for sure! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Cause thats what thugs do
Come in and check out our Gluten free food selection! Best peanut butter cookies in town;)
S/O TO U BIG HOMIE..WE CHILLIN HARD IN CLUB NV
#asiankidproblems where's my t-89.
My eyes make me look high, when really they are just showing all the alcohol I drank.
few big announcement coming this month....
RT : Dear ESPN, take your time on the Junior Seau story.
hahah yay! i'm so excited i feel like i cant sleep!
yup. Terrible terrible people I say
People still watch Fuel?
calm yourself
ya boy StevensD1model is officially on twitter HOLLA!
i hate living in Virginia
Wish my mama would just stay here and go out of town cuz I want to stay hme I dnt want to be over there.
Volunteering with the Salvation Army today at the Cowboys game. Happy Thanksgiving!
R u still in my city?
Not expert, but....legal process has to be clean of all issues to maintain integrity. After that free speech
Great guy! One of my life achievements is being in a higher ed diversity magazine article with him and
hes nicer then eminem bro
Great morning for a run. Headed to Louisville for the weekend with my man
Kee he go say who dis Tryna play me like I'm not from the set ! Lol
thanks for the follow... BIEBER FOREVER, right?
LMAO. for real. maybe if they weren't so miserable they'd have a valentine. just sayin.
ATTENTION!: Send in stuff for Pat's bday video asap! I'll be making it within the hour! send whatever you want to !
...deep thoughts...lol
This is how a day is suppose to be spent.
Yes and yes!
@ TIN ROOF in Boerne,TX with Katherine Dawn where she hosts an open mic every other Thursday
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU! SHES AN AMAZING SINGER AND CAN USE YUR SUPPORT ALWAYS! XO
Anything is Possible...Eventually.
Can't wait to see amazing guitarist Carlos Santana later tonight! The show starts at 7 pm, so just short four hors to go, yeah!!!
ahahaha what?? I've never been told that!
who's your favorite on american idol?
: Spurs clinch the #1 seed in the West by beating the Blazers 124-89. 6 Spurs finished in double-figures. Duncan had 18p 8r
where do you have andres galaragga in there?
Her book is sitting on my desk, have not yet started it. Thanks for the recommendation!
Lmao!! This lil girl walking around the house sayin, "I Need Something to Chew On, Dang"
thanks for the follow. I'll try to keep it interesting
Thank you!!! Warning: Mailing the cupcake could get very messy... Nice blog, btw!
Doing business with the boys down In our opinion, the #1 guitar shop in America.
I found my Goose! We will be unstoppable! RT : It's only appropriate if you now call me Goose.
West is up.!
R.I.P Don Cornelious!!
it will! No need to check for updates, it will automatically check and download them when available. Relaunch and your done.
of all girls, black girls get mad the fastest lol
All 15 Milw Cnty Parks golf courses open officially today at Currie Park with the ”100 Person Swing” tee-off at noon. Join us!
kick some butt tomorrow.
I like it. I'll let you how good it works tomo when I weigh myself.
Good morning! The team is a few minutes away from announcing some exciting news (a new launch)-- stay tuned, friends.
thanks if you're ever looking to expand your biz give us a try to maximize your ROI and printing needs.
Best deals on poker chip sets! www.eproducts4less.biz. Follow on facebook @ www.facebook.com/OneStopPokerShop
Where computing started w/ PARC and where the future of computing continues.
Supermarkets have more reduced items on offer late at night.
Reality is a product of our dreams, decisions & actions
Can't stand crappy singer/song-writers with bland, "nothing" voices.. hyped because they are "alternative" or "Indie". Ya suck? Ya suck!
Hopefully doing better than he was in Zombieland. RT : Just shook hands with Bill Murray. It was accidental. Where is he now?
You see all kinda crazy stuff in the morning at airports.
Check this out... Instagram and The W Hotel are launching their first ever instagram exhibition TONIGHT @ 7pm! Get inspired and then submit!
Do you know (or are you the owner) of a great #Seattle #local biz? I'm setting up features for the next few months - do give a shout!
Watching Hitch!!!
Beasties Looks so great!!
hahaha it's all good. Neither can I. Easy mix up
Taking a shower after a long day >
I'm watching too much walking dead, obviously
my dog is the same way ... he could care less about his tennis ball, till i pack it away lol
Mr. Freeman made for a great moderator at LAFOB panel.
All the energy in the universe is available for you! Take it,use it! We look for Powerful singers, Energetic singers, Passionated singers!
"sledgehammer" should really be on spotify
#random but I need giordanos, tgI fridays, hooters, & chicagos added to my schedule soon
“: Bubble gum pink nails... yummy” -- why nail polish isn't scratch-n-sniff I have no idea
Sick of Bielema getting all the credit. Dude can't hold my jock. I'm out.
Scientists should always state the opinions upon which their facts are based.
Just made a sick beat for
When things aren't working out as you wish, be patient. Stop trying to move ahead of God. His timing is perfect. Trust Him.
I got you :) RT : So we lost. Thanks for the updates
To judge from that photo, I'd say that "work" is just beginning!
Glad you enjoyed the issue. I'm still waiting for my copy, and I'm the secretary.
Thanks for the follow! Do you sell #antiques in the US too?
Hey admitted students! Looking for something to do tonight? Check out the show at 7pm, tix FREE to SU
Made it to the first chorus and official verdict is New Van Halen single = snoozefest.
Who decided 5PM was going to be the arbitrary "Its ok to start drinking now and not be labeled as an alcoholic" time?
May I add?
death to all butt metal?
It's okay about your tumblr. I don't know what an ascot is for either. /via
RT if you've ever thought about actually trying a Jumbaco...
I'm down!
I'm in your hood this week. [ p-ville Wyndam Shearwater ] Let me know if you want to hang, or if you are having your beach party.
it really is...im not used 2 this
I feel as if I shouldn't be so familiar to blue lights.
#lazySunday watching #theBradyBunch. Gotta love the
What a great time yesterday we had Arbor Day Celebration at Town Center. Showed Honey Bees & sold honey to tons of folks!!
27 world series wins doesn't suck
": I'm watching SpiderMan 2...lol" the best one
and this all started 1 day ago i think if not then 2 cuz we got back together last night and i am hoping to stay with him
I'll do that. You know how long after I purchased it I can send it in for repair? You know what they charge?
happy bay. G Starr! Just listened to u the other day. Been way to long and hope I see you soon!
Im worried about #oomf right now......
Itching to have more time to play with Storyline! I'm jealous!!! Otherwise doing great.
Irony irony irony. So much of irony
in a world where just about anyone has access to a keyboard, common sense will never have a shot to prevail
If anyones of any jobs plz tweet them to me cuz me and?my 2 friends r trying to earn money to go to a concert. Plz help.
It's been great meeting with you in the field, I'm sure we'll continue to see you from time to time!
Adele is amazing.
Thanks! It feels god.
No plans for my Friday, just get horny & tweet &
That is, both fear of death and fear of life, of experience and individuation
But I'm not sure which state he's from...
Smhhh I'm Really Watching Cartoons Right Now
Good Pesach and Happy Easter to all! The Friends of the #MetuchenLibrary wish you peace on earth and good will to all.
RT Christmas sweater parties don't work in Houston because its too hot in December. #HIWI (that's one of the reasons....)
Yum! RT : I have been craving a good turkey burger!
Terrnace McKnight to emcee GetClassical at the Rose Bar event on May 6th. !!!
Oh, and... Miss ya chickadee!!! :D
im just not telling you the truth
Can't wait to truly delegate. Fuck this waitin on people to do shit...smh...
I've already downloaded the mobile app and have begun to build my schedule..
Good morning twitterverse! Slightly overcast Thursday in Phoenix! I'm preparing to visit the #azfilmfest this weekend!
you really know how to ruin someones birthday now don't you
Well, regardless, your chances of getting paid more go up with a degree. I'd much rather take a risk than work for 8.80 forever.
I would say 9th grade. I was high the whole time!!!
Ending #PCBW sampling two home brews for the first time. Both IPA and Wee Heavy have fantastic flavor. Perfect ending.
#Quikpro Long Beach here we come with plenty ALOHA!!!!!!!!!!!
Warning: the following twitter account performs stunts either by professionals or under the supervision of professionals. So don't try it.
That is definitely a high priority on the agenda! Any specific areas to check out?
Fatso's will be open tonight and tomorrow normal hours. Have a Happy New Year's!!!
Oh that's cool :)
Suh is gonna be on it too. Who the hell would WANT to be with that dbag?
#FollowEveryDay Good Folks! (via )
Did Mourinho poke Barca coach Vilanova in the eye or pinch his cheek?
yes I'm here now!!! Where u at?!
Well, we are in Tempe so we LOVE #Chandler!
Just painted my nails blue. You know, for Hanukkah. Yep. That girl.
Happy hump day! :)
u too sweet!!
how to be as cool as us 101!
I Love My Baby Mother, I'll Neva Let Ha Go !
Trunk or Treating cars start arriving in 45 minutes for the Fall Festival. Can't wait to see how they are decorated this year!
Makeup tip of the day: As quoted from The Housebunny, "The eyes are the nipples of the face..." Play w/ them! Haha, don't be afraid of color
Hating Justin won't make anyone love you. Calling him gay wont make you any straighter. Calling him ugly wont make you any more attractive.
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else
They have a #Senator and a Repesentaive just like me in Eagan. They should vie for tax revenue like everyone else. Abolish
hey {hugs}
Happy Martin Luther King, Jr. Day!!!
we;come :) I followed you! :OVE your profile pick!
African-Americans with Smartphones are taking the country by storm and InSpotter mobile app is the epicenter
The smell of grill. Everywhere. Awesome.
I might enjoy creating mail merge docs from spreadsheets... entirely too much.
Whether you're on the East coast or the West coast, there's a Bead Fest coming your way. Philadelphia in August, Portland, OR in September!
aw im your only follower.... :c
Ima ride for em till the day they put flowers on em
YOOO thanks homie! see you at DGAF tomorrow night? We got B.Rich and go til 3am son!!
;) RT : seen on the timeline & clicked the evilhearts.com profile......I was pleasantly surprised...lol < Thanks
"Wouldn't it suck if that first piece of bread that everyone skips was the cure for cancer?"
so u did some bitch ass shit and gave my shit to some bitch ass nigga,but i got bitchassness in my blood? u got life fucked up
Will You follow me?
she's wothless if she's gonna argue about this just ignore it and leave it alone
#Brewers... Sigh... Bad night. And that bad call on #Weeks sure took whatever wind you had out of your sails.
OMG BECKY LOOK AT HER BUTT TUNCHIE
*no comment* “: wait are you taking pictures of us!?”
like a boss
A very warm welcome to our new fans from #Portugal! 39 countries now having fun with #iOS game!
Who has smoked a good #cigar lately? Details and where to buy.
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation! We thought your were looking sexier!!
unfortunately not. Was packed. After his speech and wave to the crowd he was bombarded!
Listening to the new Shins album. Good stuff after so long a wait.
Nice binary between techno-optimism and deep fear at #TED - loving the conversation.
#FF #FollowFriday We love these folks: Pls show them love!
Money iz ALWAYZ on my mind! ..Itz like a disease!
me and pasan wanna catch up with some lunch...let me know when you actually have a waking minute of free time.
Congrats! You guys deserve it!
yayyy have no idea what you said but i hope the smiley face means yes lol. You and google translate are my secret weapons lol.
I ONLY HAVE 20 FOLLOWEERS SO I GUESS WHERE ON THE SAME TRACK IF U KNOW WHAT I MEAN ???
If lying was a job, youd be a billionair -_-
Done with practice. Now going to the recital thingy.
'SOPRANOS' REFERENCE RT : Falk ends her speech as the DJ plays "Don't Stop Believin'."
dude he fucking called me 3 times in a row the other day!!!!! Whatthefuck
Nick Barnett and J-Mike tweeted about it
So proud of for passing the Ohio Bar!
red doors?
VOTE for Bonnie or Elena
EKU offices reopen Tuesday, Jan. 3rd!
Hahaha if you loo at his wiki page, it says he's a racist as a profession. So true.
Deadline to turn in final edit of Kings....June 30th. Feels like these rewrites will never end...
I would have loved "Niall an the Potatoes." <3
Dude! I'm in the same boat! So #annoying!
Can’t make tonight's #ypnworkshop on portfolios sponsored by ? Check out the hashtag #ypnworkshop for real-time updates!
looks good you guys
Love life.
Can I have a pony? RT : Anyone else need something paid for, cuz apparently I'm just fucking GIVING money away.
11 days until Evocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie premieres at Tribeca. Mort! Mort! Mort! Mort!
im the chick that wrote that story just saying haha (:
The awkward moment when your principal has more facebook friends than you. fml
See? LEGOS! :D
That is truly awesome! (As is Aroma Cafe)
great place
can't wait til the summer... tennis shoes OK no shirts NECESSARY
Hope your day is better than mine<3 Can't wait to see you on the stage tonight... #TheBoyzAreBack Love you<3
Yes, love this guy! RT : Thank you for all the hustle tonight and all season.
I'm with Morgan and I love her so much :)
Chilling at the workplace.. playing some cod later. Hit me up on live.. daTHROWBACKking is tha tag yo
I'm excited. :) hahaha I went to tag you in this and your picture showed as a guy taking a mirror pic lifting his shirt hahah
This gorgeous Seattle weather is the perfect cure for carpal tunnel! Who wants to be inside when it's 73 and sunny? Turning my computer off.
andd afterwards . .ANOTHER #intimate night
Thanks buddy! RT :
I will be calling because the treatment I received was beyond unacceptable.
you ready niqqa!
For as long as I've followed politics, it's never the right time to stop & debate the tough issues. And look where that's gotten us!
family out here. next time say wassup.
I don't have a job, but if you really want my help we have more to discuss.
birdy bird I can't wait to see your new badass car.
jury out on Pinkston, Hagg, Cameron, Skrine, and Marecic. Only time will tell how good any of those picks were. Same for 2012.
#FF Morning Jerry! Have an wonderful Easter! God Bless
Do you sign Roy Oswalt if you are the Phils? Can't trade for anyone on May 16th, usually.
May I recommend Five Finger Death Punch ()? Several of their songs made my Top 50 Playlist.
Thank you, Chip!!
hope he feels better soon and you can get some rest!
Mantra: you are not unique, you are not interesting, you are not special. Deal.
I don't :) Maybe in the future!
yay for you being on twitter
Thanks! See you soon!
Kick your candy bars & potato chip office vending machines to the curb and make rm for FITzee! Ready to move us in? Get in touch for more...
Today I saw a ten year old ordering a double caramel macchiato at Starbucks with her credit card.
I would love for you to do that! I have been searching for an authentic recipe for cannolli.
look at my tweets from a few days ago. I totally called it.
Complete cluster in downtown Louisville. 20 min. from Yum Center to Convention Ctr. (1 block).
Thanks man!
Which one you work at
Yes. Things may change if I have to sing somewhere, but so far, yes.
lol Any man whose masculinity is threatened by a half-ounce bottle of paint, probably isn’t man enough to wear it. Just sayin.
Thanks, Egbert. Maybe I'll come out of my self-induced shell & say something brilliant at some point. :-D Hope you're doing well.
Already thinking about #friday, being away from tub kills me
popeyes chicken need to sell kool aid
Not everything you have stays forever. But there are things you would be glad to fight for just so you can have them longer.
oh nothing. just tired as fuckk from lastnight. listening to music. hah. you should like text me or something. im never on twitter
But im content with the weather right now think I might go for a run when I get home
Back from vacation, working through the backlog! Ready to get things going!
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs
My hubby works on turkey day, so we're making today turkey day! Listening to the Good Food podcast while I make the feast!
For God so LOVED the world that he gave his only begotton Son....
At what point does the media begin to punish the Romney campaign for its abject mendacity? It's playing up media stenography.
lol next sq
Long day... So excited for sleepytime!
No way! I might ask what product they used, but you just don't grab random people's hair!
rocking out to and then the odd one out
motives is a high quality makeup worn by stars Jennifer Lopez, Eva Longoria, Kim Kardashian, La La Anthony & plenty more!
Joke on this Laffy Taffy wrapper didn't make much sense until I realized it was from a "Sherbet and Prison Warden Pubes-flavor" wrapper
find out their ids.. if there is a formal pawan fans association, we can ask them to file police complaint on those people.
The Twitter handle:
#FuckinCool believe everyone over you damn girlfriend...
Watching New Years Rockin' Eve. Great performances.
woaaaaaah it would be so weird omg. back in the olden days like in the 1800s they would have lived like that right ? woah
Turned on my coffee machine and came back 10 mins later to find hot water in the pot. Guess who forgot to put the coffee in.
HEADING OUT TO KLUSOZ!!! BOUT TO ROC THE SPOT!! LET'S GO!!!
Raining on 894
Yes, just like the others. See you Thursday!
I really wish Peyton Manning would hurry up and make a decision!! Tired of hearing about it :-/
Elizabeth Forsythe Hailey~ Time is a cruel thief to rob us of our former selves. We lose as much to life as we do to death.
I have faced what most would call, "pure evil", delt with personal fear and even death..and I'm still here..you find out what you're made of
You're one of many, many people who love Anne. She is one of our secret weapons for attracting students and keeping alums engaged
Ruby 3600 times slower than python in threads
#WordPress #template #designer? Submit your theme to Superhug. Get 75% commission! That's industry-leading.
I missed saying goodbye to you guys!
#myraptureplaylist if I had my way it'd be all of Side 2 of Abbey Road.
Im in a better place now....
Speaking at youth group tonight and looking forward to it - praying it will be a great night. :)
-___- why would he think that? & I know I am :D
Thats exactly how old i was RT : 16 years and 2 months is the average age for the loss of female virginity in the United States.
#OldIronsides is the greatest bar ever built
Hey !! Like Divine Blue ?! Check us out at twitter.com/divineblue and press that like button !!
Balboa Park? Are there any festivities there for Mother's Day?
is heading to #SXSW to debut GAIN 3.0 iPhone app & help ppl sweat off all that food & drink. Want to workout with us?
“Fashion is more about feel than science” - Pharrell Williams
I didn't realize there were three Convy's.
Hey Folks
Election night coverage from on News Channel 8 is so much more watchable than the cable networks. How do it get it in HD?
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians? Get a hold of us!
Great fun with Christy, Charlie and Neil. McDonald's, Legos and Gnomeo & Juliet.
Just danced around my room for 18 minutes straight to MacArthur Park Suite in honor of the Queen of Disco. Still making people dance in 2012
yes, I also covet her arms!
I want to cry, but i dont know why. I can find any reasons to, maybe its cause im happy or maybe i'm just blue
Friend: Why do you love Austin? *5 hours later* .. okay, okay you can stop it now.
you better tag me in all your #MegaMay posts and give credit where credit is due son!
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character
no problem :D
Congrats for #linkedin owning the UX of finding new contacts. #google please takes some notes for G+
BE FRIENDS CAUSE MY MOM DOESNT ALLOW ME TO BE FRIENDS WITH PEOPLE IIF I DONT KNOW THEIR AGE IM SO SORRY
why go outside. when you can stay indoors.
Im Going Tell You I Love You Until There's No Doubt In Your Mind And After Im Going To Tell You Until I Die
Long day!
I said fuck that new girl that you like so bad <3
Happy Birthday to Mike Chang's abs!!
hay. I didn't talk to you today. i missed you cachead.
nope I want two gold fish! Nothing else
Forgetting Sarah Marshall is so funny! Yeah, I love the stupid humor, I know.
so I was supposed to read an entire book for homework by tomorrow... its not on sparknotes or cliffnotes.
you totally are with that smile of yours !
Nothing ventured nothing gained
here is something offensive "Baserunners just clog up the bases."-Dusty Baker
We're talking NBA Playoffs & all sorts of headlines in sports/society on the show. will talk hoops with us at 11.
“: Been trying to say goodbye to 2011 for awhile now, but it just won't leave.” I know the feeling, please dont leave the light on
Dennis Schamp: If you feel that passion, there are seats on the board coming up.
Friday after Next lol
it start at 6
#RIP JR. SEAU you were one of the best
Splash at tonight! There are a few seats left... food, wine, painting. It will be a blast.
layer of bread, layer of chicken, layer of pickles, layer of chicken, layer of lettuce, layer of chicken, layer of bread. I <3 sandwiches!
Thanks for the RT! Good to see your reports from other parts of
Getting ready to run the earlyfridaymorningITmeeting.
that's how it is w us too. Not happy about it. Makes us seem like a nuisance to students.
Writing Retreat #2 scheduled! A short 2 day trip to Yorba Linda! Our goal: FINISH the first book that we started in Palm Springs!!
Happy Birthday!!:)
Yes!!!!! RT : Canada beats USA, 3-2 in OT, to win Olympic gold in hockey. #nomiracle /via
Audition Monologue Research.
Heading to NY with a group of friends to see the last broadway perf. of the play Mountaintop. The run has been an amazing success.
MT : The UW men's basketball team occassionally has an open tryout, but only when all rosters are not filled.
Man, I think I underestimated how many tater tots I'd need to get through this storm.
OH! haha and the poor kid just kept gong and going and going. i feel bad lol but it's okay cause he so knows he owes me lol
Cause honey with you is the only honest way to go
say that when you not In a wheelchair lmao jk
RT : When you help others get to your level, God will take you to higher levels. Being selfish won't get you far.
<3333 aww, i feel u boo. U'll be okay tho Maddy. U'll see them soon. I kno u got close peeps in the A, right?
Huge into baseball as a kid. Starting learning more about game's history. Big into Ruth/Gherig/Mantle, hence, became a NY fan
it took me FOREVER to understand what you said because i kept reading "you so doe river gorge" i was like wth?!?! hahaha
haha I cant stand listening to Hubie just b/c of those go to phrases. I feel like I'm listening to a voice recording of him
D'oh! Memphis low is warmer than Chicago's high temp of 47 degrees. Thinking twice about leaving
aha i'm hungry , and tell my baby i said HEYY !
What a beautiful day over on 23rd! The sun is out and people are bustling! Come grab a $5 Taqueria Taco lunch and celebrate Spring!...
you now need an ikeep for your new iPhone..You will never broke it again
kick'n sour apples... yeah that's how it's done...
Great new technology that pushes anti-aging to a whole new level.
My room is an arctic tundra. I think it might even be snowing.
Hey all - kula is the world's first social marketplace. Built and headquartered in #Chicago and proud of it!
I lived in Anchorage, Alaska when you were there. I remember you from then!
Love new #PigglyWiggly commercial! Reminder to all that this is a SC company & deserves our support. Local since FOREVER. Great tagline!
Chilln watching sexy self on sportsnation
Oh did I hear #Bacon Wednesday?
Thanks, Todd. Appreciate it.
Nice work Ducks!!! Roses have never smelt so sweet!
I'm here!! Fashion Forecast and
I am now 5f 3in and weigh in at 136Lb.
U didn't invite me :-( RT : Having lunch w/ sure wish was here...but we gonna hook up Sunday!
Fun day of hula hooping, goat-and-chicken watching, quasi-hitch-hiking
I heard dat. Follow back sexxii
Happy to have and checked in at the #RookieDebut -- it's going to be a great event tonight!
Wow that would be so cool to be working with David Leffel, I hope you are having a great time! I would be!!
Same rules apply in #MiLB as #MLB re: rain and offical games or is it different?
Channing Tatum. Yes, I would like to be him. Or date him. Or anything else him.
rt Im jamming "Juicy" and it makes me just kill some HTML email coding. Yummy.
Is it weird that I watch #storagewars ?? Hm???
bout time
...Oh and advanced Coachella tix go on sale this Thursday. They don't waste any time.
I haven't seen him yet but likely will tonight
Happy New Year! I hope it's a great one...
Far from perfect and not throwing stones... you changed to UM, not MSU; was trying to help.
Good after noon!!
There's so much god damn drama in this family.
The #weekend is feeling more and more like a reboot... Which we all need
Great story on buy USA. CD benefit for has ClintEastwood JimmyBuffett SherylCrow VinceGill etc is made in USA
Now I'm writing a poem called "if there was peace in our world"
Happy Birthday Austin <3
Had an asthma attack this morning at school so home for the day :/
Not everything that is faced can be changed
I was making joke abt being able to physically bend! But seriously I hope obesity rates will decline b/c of public awareness.
: God I fucking love that album. Corey has got some voice. :-)
Lions and Bills both win. BREAKING: Satan seen wearing down parka.
You know you're befriends when you stay up all night waiting to unlock the door for your friend to get back from her boyfriend's c;
Bought not one but TWO living social deals today. So much for staying under budget this month...
Let's go Bruins!
Happy birthday man. Drink up
It's never to early to help your kids get organized. These pads from See Jane Work are a great way to get them started!...
Sold May 25 covered calls on $DNDN for $4 15 minutes before crash. Still have some common. I'll be selling more calls in the AM (I Hope!)
Do you want SVG to stay? Hedo: "Of course. [...] I would love to play for him until I retire. "
#BadComebacks Q: What are you doing? A: Your face. #GoodComebacks Q:What are you doing? A: Your mom.
. If #OccupyOakland costs the city $5 million, why not do something radical & work with them. How much would that cost you?
Bet! RT : lol I bet, ima come by when I get in town I aint seen you in forever and I been by the crib many of times
Go Hogs Go / SEC-West has top 3 Teams in the Nation - #1LSU / #2Alabama / #3Arkansas... The toughest divison N the best College FB Conf.!!
Had a great time chatting it up with !
awesome thank you! Do you use it in place of your laptop?
yeah I drank some Gatorade yesterday, I think ill try to es some crackers or s/t in a little bit
#kodm MSMQ: One the most important roles of models in DH is to *build* systems and tools.
Having a great time at the RON WILLIAMS SHOW! Having a great time performing and Ron is doing an awesome job! HOW IS THE FINAL4! Need2NO
is concerned about being so easily distracted and doesn't think twitter necessarily helps!
Yea, Amber definitely had the biggest fanbase. Cheers for her were almost as loud as for the other groups
“: #YouShouldNeverTrust a man wearing Capri pants.” couldn't agree more. Nadal is example #1 for me
Hoping for good news from the specialist next week, we're all pulling for you here in Miltown.
#Wed. Birthday Bash for at #HighSociety inside #HollywoodAlliance txt3235235851
my life be like a movie with every genre
In living color is funny tonight
even tho my dream of graduating college with a medical degree is different then your dream.You still inspire me to help the world
I hate it when I want to write but my brain is so full of thoughts and worries from all the shit I have to do at work!
The Avengers with everyone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
hi lisa! im watching your live chat now!!!
Ok(: Do Yuh Have A Facebook.?(:
Girls who cant do pushups <
it is you'll learn when you have to pay bills
#ForcesOfNature Gears has to be the best gaming community ive ever seen
Don't forget - the Media Industries SIG will meet from 3-4:45 in the Cambridge room #scms12 (via )
Sellers has good hustle.
<U+2665>Eventually you stop caring & it stops being the most important thing in your life<U+2665>
Good times! RT : Hanging with my girls and at Yes!!!
we're at Give to the Max. Great presenters
I already miss monkey.
DC: Anti-Gay Bishop Eddie Long accused of sleeping with you men who attend his church!? The twilight zone....continues..
get paid my nigga , get. paid.
u need to redo funky cold medina...
Filling water eggs for the hunt and making goodie bags... Yay!
Sale is Ending Today! Visit us online during #nurseappreciationweek for crazy deals!
Thanks for the follow! MKE design FTW!
misery loves company!
No where near enough hours in the day to #read!
word up he gonna look like brittany spears gone wild
Ninety percent of all millionaires become so through owning real estate. Andrew Carnegie
Ladies, Have A Question You Want Me To Answer Personally? Send Me Your Question & Email & I'll Answer You With In A Video Email :)
Lmao only u sweetie RT : nope I refuse to believe he's a small man with a small penis.. he's famous! Lol
This aint "oh daddy is really in the FBI but he's really locked up." This is test prep. There is no pride. Not when youre in middle school.
How'd your Dad's doc appointment go?
RT #nwbearcats go into the victory formation. 35-29 Northwest completes the comeback and moves on to face Midwestern State
i wrote my part for last on the collab beat already
Papa's feelin pretty delicious tonight, gonna step up to the plate, 3-4, 8 RBI's #GOTHEEM!
Joe.... suck it. How is that for aggressive?
Johnny Pesky is an icon... glad they are finally retiring his number
Are you taking the #PolarPlunge for #SpecialOlympics in Muskego? Be sure to text PLUNGE to 35350 for last minute event info & updates!
Feel better :(
look at your lips
Hi everyone! Our assistant Brianna needs a model for a haircut tomorrow morning from 10-12. If you are available please msg us!
yes, you? Let's do this
That awkward moment when the fat kid says "that's how I roll".
Tsh is one of a kind!
About to take a small nap at this time 11:27 and wake up a little later <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Yep, it's official: God hates #Arizona. Go #Giants!!
Remembering why I loved #Merlot! Best glass in a while :-) The '07 is yummy!
Where The Wild Things Are 2: Still Wilding Out
This girl calls me at 330 tryna have a full blown convo. Fuck outta here I'm sleep don't bother me
I'm the biggest Pack fan ever but with that play they are officially SOFT (on defense).
The courtroom face-off that will determine George #Huguely's future. Details from Charlottesville at 11pm.
So thrilled to be working with again on a really cool creative project.
yeah we are chillen bud
We're watching a recorded seminar on newsriting in #jour111. I have to say I don't have much faith in a lecture telling people to be concise
Pit stop in montissano. Candy, water and gas. Next stop Seattle! May need to go on a long walk along the water...
It's 3:30 in the morning...still going strong. Where you at?
Thank you God for letting me wake up this morning!!!
A plumber (in this case me) found where a collection of small childrens' toys has been mysteriously disappearing to. *joy*
's avi has become a distraction...
So I'm busto. Maybe next year. GL to all still in.
We like to play make believe in cardboard boxes!
She said in her best Irish motherly brouge ;)
Ty just smirked to Julie "Guess it wasn't too easy for 'em huh?"
lol real talk bruh we are
It's always nice to meet someone who reaffirms the pursuit of your own passion. Inspiring talk today with about good
im here for u dw <3
This Bitch I swear, make me walk from work. Fuck you too
I #Desire2Inspire. I've made 'fun' songs but ultimately, I rhyme w/ a purpose. RT : what type of music do u do?
thanks :D
I already know what u r gonna say but I dont buy that at all. And there is nothing wrong w/ being a fan even if it is Boston
I Should've Kissed You but then you said you were gay...
Getting fitted for a tux is taking FOREVER!
when I read cody and bailey's reunion in"longing"it gave me hope that they really are gona be together Idk how but I believe
I did
I was ashy!!
Does even know THT its his lil sis birthday today?!?! He's spending it wid his gf instead...jb ur such a good bro
...but I've barely been on twitter at all.
Hopefully, somewhere in Paris, is celebrating her well-deserved nomination for Best Food Humor Blog.
Testing Testing - trying to sync Twitter to Facebook.
Gahhh I just don't know what to do :(
It is Thursday! Outside movies at Salute's Patio. Watch from our side walk Cafe! It feels like you are in Rome! Italian movies...
I really want to support any initiative to bring more women into tech. But a word of the day email in which all ex. are shopping related +
Dont get lost :)
That must have been a grueling half mile hike! I'd check the calorie count settings ;)
maybe. He's doing wonders in Arizona. His kid goes to high school here and is a spitting image of him
EDS to develop logo and website for Gosh-Its-Posh.Com
hope so; if not, we can nudge it back earlier, m/b 7:30 MT; but let's try 8 to start ..
Congrat's to Tanya Lombard just rec'd 2012 Women of Distinction award from the LINKS. Way to go, much deserved!
Just got a new H-D motorcycle helmet and about to go riding with hubby. Live free, ride hard.
Let me tell u bout this country shit
on balcony
Jus took the best bath
I thought this was a real game? What a joke! No wonder why hockey is gaining on NFL
Thank you for the
what do you think makes a girl beautiful? hehe <U+263A>
If you make me press 1 for English, don't you fucking dare transfer me to someone who can't speak it.
okay drop it to the floor, make that ass shake. make the ground move, that's an ass-quake. build a house up on that ass, that's an ass-state
Wonder what my girls doing? Because i need to get out this sad funk.
Thanks for ur caring about Africa and for visiting my country Cameroon.great example for me
All nighters blow
Neil Young's "Old Man" always reminds me of my dad & his relationship with my grandfather...
what am i to you?
WHAT? Austin Mahone is gorgeous. Cody Simpson is very gorgeous :)
Yeah, buddy!
If only we could hurl those politicians into low Earth orbit!
Thanks for RTing my cottage search :)
Belatedly: very awesome! Congratulations!
At MARTA station. Heading to Dallas to corporate office for some training on new software.
...I would strangle u with my Dick perfect death for a #bitch like you
I stood up and they ran for their lives. My size is a huge deterant to stupid people.
I had a Karate Pinata dream last night. When it was my turn you raised the pinatas to the roof! I demand a re-try.
When you think someone doesn't have a Facebook, but then you find out they do....
no joke, there is a giant white rabbit that lives on the train tracks outside my studio door, he only comes out at night
Great food at Elesko with awesome company near Bratislava. Great to see again old friends.
i rEMEMBER tHA tIME i hAD mADE fUN oF hIM iN fRONT oF dA tEACHERS Ms.kIMBROUGH wAS lAUGHIN hARD tHAN a bITCH XD
This is so true. I have the same problem. Let me know if you find anything good.
Loll #preach!
Got to love how sketch my phone is! Apps have their own mind, if/when they work. Doesn't get all texts, won't delete pics. . . . FML!
why are you choosing sides ? huh .
RT : #Appreciation What can you focus on appreciating today to provide you with balance when you struggle?...
Now if I get at a 70 in computer apps, I will be passing every class and I'll be even happier!
#dc407 tomorrow at #familab. We don't bite, unless you are into that sort of thing.
tks for the republication of the blog!
Night of the Cookers with
Curried Turkey as our exotic burger, is better than anything you have ever had in your entire life. Come try it out today!
commit is good
Do you have fav case studies of museums using kickstarter? Would love a few referrals/resources if you have any!
Blah. This is ridiculous. I am boycotting you!
We wanna see the inside!
I am in love... = pure talent. Never stop creating, Marina!
Very cool RT : live...interactive guys we are over here...
I think I may have found a way to work at my day job only 4 days a week, which would give me a whole extra day to do Etsy stuff!!!
Yes. They will get an appointment time to pick their room.
smoke till ya boke :)
Don't fight it anymore....the urge for a delectable chocolate cupcake. You deserve one. So visit us and satisfy your sweet tooth.
High-Priced #Wines Hottest in December. Domestic varietals at $20-plus increased 26%; all domestics grew 8%. Via Wines & Vines
i can help (:
Is that a gun in your feathers or are you just flocking to see me?
I don't care what anyone says... is legitimately very talented.
In the cinema, summer starts in May - Access Atlanta
#LetsBeBlunt homeless people scare me
true crime bout the rampart scandal and how off duty police were involved in the killing of tupac and big x
Liberty Towers
love u boo <3 you've been so busy hope u get to rest up :)
So close, Rangers!
The Plant Sale was last weekend.
My co-worker is singing Nickleback
FDA- & ADA-approved Safe and effective at home whitening systems
Thank you for the MT! :)
Always in awe of Firefighters.
If you held all of your marketing materials up together, would the colors match? If not, call A&G!
I went to lakeville south!
That's hilarious! We had the song stuck in our heads today so we had to watch it. Glad I didn't trade in the film now!
so the other day I tweeted that I wanted to be on the radio. Bong I got a radio spot in May. What else should I ask for?. Sexy women now..
where too though? O.o
Morgan Freeman continues to inspire me...
If its true that 1D is going to be hosting punk'd on May 17 then that is going to be one AMAZING episode of punk'd!
I want to defriend all of the #kardashians just bc I am sick of the self promoting of their #khardashiankollection or whatever it's called
Gathering inspiration for my interviews this week with a glass of Gnarly Head Zin & the Bible that is Resto Hardware
so excited for you to visit!!!
*Looking at with a heated stare* No, Anastasia, I wouldn't. *Shifting closer to her*
#HappyFriday from #USC Talent Management! What are your plans for this Presidents Day weekend? Are you still looking for job openings?
Loving the new
Have you voted yet today? If you're registered, find your polling place and make your voice heard!
Fine outing by buchholz & still 1inning that could keep his ERA in Lackey range. Promising first six by Buchhy tho
I almost took a pic but we stopped doing that type of shit on Ghetto Tv 4 lol
The sad reality is that Andrew Luck could come to the Colts and not do well. I do hope for the best though.
O a o Let's go Red.
I've already seen too many keytars today.
what you been on bro
The Minimal Beat with DJ Billy Ocean is up next, it's so god.
fries in France
Baby this ones for you
Are you moving ahead, am I falling behind?
Weekend and not a clue what to do. OH MY
I met this guy and I got his number! ((: He was really cute but he wasn't as SEXY as Mikey ((; No one can compare to Mikey
I would do it
That's true, I'm happy for Julian.(:
Officially has a job post graduation. #winning :-D
Better safe than sorry!
Any good President would be focus on bringing those jobs back to our country. What happen to the fake dreams you sold us.
Is it sad to say that my diversion hearing and recieving my community service shit was the highlight of my day?
Take a look at our #awesome model shoot for the #Zombie #tshirt at www.facebook.com/tuesdaytees --- "Like" us and you could win a free tee
"Dude I'm holding a spoon...where's my Ice Cream...no seriously. Where'd I put it". #jescampbellproblems. #sh*tjesdoes
Study study study
yes sir!!!
yeah she gave that blowjob...and she getting laid off lol
Public. Relations.
Haha! RT : That awkward moment when tries to muscle in on your hot date.
's mom was singing to my cat & then complimented her paws
Temple run is a stupid hoe! Haha I agree love you, your hilarious
so I needed to RT that n ur locked :/
Congrats on getting key to the city! #pikeville #HillBillyDays2012 #miners #America's #Real #Source of
The connection to SDP continues RT BREAKING: Novelist named by Mayor Nutter to SRC
Joe Paterno and Graham Spanier will resign within a week or two--a disgrace to higher education and humanity.
I am craving some DQ right now..some one come with me?(:
Walked 7 miles and now headed to Outback for dinner - it's been a long day!
Sat across the aisle from Harvey Fierstein and Alan Menken at the opening performance of Newsies on Broadway tonight. That was awesome!
i agree id like to see Hope in the Blue
Claire troll is a weirdo!
waiting for my mom to come home, then jelenas coming over
If you can't handle my worst, you ain't getting my best.
Happy Birthday ! I hope its amazing! I miss your pretty face :)
“: I think if enough people don't like you, you start finding things to not like about youself.” I've gone through this.
The sound of birds chirping, is a sound of beauty :D
Could you please give me a shout out? I'm trying to reach 1,000 by Sunday! It would mean the world to me. <3 Thank you !
We are featured in the latest edition of 225 Magazine!! Check it out Baton Rouge!
RT : Have questions about financial aid or FAFSA?
It's a miracle! My eyes are good again! Who.
Amen! See you next Sunday. So excited about the future!
I really hope I get into the UCLA Health System volunteering program
dope... I need the first copy
Details soon rob RT : Would love to view it. Where in LA can I catch it?
Shaving buddies for life ;D
I'M CRYING @ THAT REFERRAL. Like NIGGAS IS GETTING IN TROUBLE OF SB :(
Yay, new icon<U+2665><U+2665>
OTOH, it was the easiest way for me to identify which guys to avoid freshman year; they would ALWAYS quote that line.
How did it get to be so late? Minecraft and CSS al morning,with thats how x)
Does emailing her, texting her, tweeting her, facebook post her, skype her, or digg her count?
Aha i bet and i would of been shaking to. I would of probably been freaking out but not trying to show it lol
Do you like Ed Sheeran as much as Dustin?! :)
Enjoy ladies! Can't wait to celebrate with U! RT : So excited to celebrate 's birthday tonight !
Ah, it's Friday and who's in the mood for some de-lish Magnolia Bay Toffee? Stop by and see us on ...we open at 11!
Xmas Tweets: Dad still mad that the guest room TV that wasn't working for 3 months, was fixed when my wife (unaware) simply pressed on.
1 day away from Margarita Fridays!!!!
"does a straightener straighten your hair?"
and the your "smang it" ring tone interrupted
Thanks so much, Stephen, for retweeting our new book trailer for "The Auschwitz Volunteer"! Have a great weekend!
"Challenges are what make life interesting; overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." -Joshua J. Marine
Delicious!! First time to ever cook with Panko bread crumbs- I think I'm in love! Haha :P Thx so much for the recipe!
Ah, I'll meet up with you at some point tomorrow.
setting up the DNS entries, but I think I have it now. If it doesn't work, I'll have a more coherent question. Thanks!
"Some will grow to be old women, some will die before they're born. They'll be mother and lovers who inspire and make songs."
Loves for saving my Anatomy grade! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Come see Shawn Tolleson talk at AFTRA L.A tonight! How to Launch your Best Year Yet!
Going to Rainbow ball day today after we take baby to school! Jackpot winners today! We R.
I'm down (or up, as the case may be). ;) Friday?
There is no good path to take when you come to a spork in the road.
hope u do well <3
“: this is seriously the best night of my life #scooter #austin #steaknshake”
Bisping gets props f4 being a fighter. He's 99% tougher than masses...UFC wise= UK mrkting tool > than talent son!
Goodnight twitter had a great day :-)
How many librarians do you know?
Think micro or macro...Change your mind and you change your life. Us mortals complicate everything.
great seeing you Michael! Stop by the office again some time.
So very excited to have an opportunity to see in a few weeks! Their new building looks absolutely gorgeous.
RT Nov 27, '78 played host to Steelers. Earlier that day SF Mayor Moscone / Supervisor Milk were murdered at City Hall.
2 excellent workshops just finished. Ken Alford where everyting is a teaching moment and Ike Shibley engaging everyone in various activiries
The only interesting answers are those that destroy the questions.
If I was a llama i would spit on you!
“: Oh Yall tryen to set me up? got all yall friends calling in LMAO, you did a great job.” Thanks sis
It's all Beastie Boys all night at Nomad.
Yep & can't get over how fabulous those spicy feather earrings are! Ordering more soon!
hey. its been a while
Follow Back :)
lol what kinda car? He needs to get married
Happy Birthday to my wife. I'm a very lucky man!
Same here. I wish our Spring break lasted longer -.-
Drawing aliens on each others hands.
“: “If a nice guy finishes last, it's because his lady comes first."”
WasteCap Resource Solutions’ #construction and #demolition projects are currently achieving an average 88% #recycling rate!
It's a shame, but three horses sounds like a lot.
I know right! That's what would kill me. I'd be fine until maybe 1 or 2 o'clock, then I'd be a fire-breathing dragon. q:
rethink the "know the ingredients" what is Red blue #576 anyhow lol!
I realise that #AmITheOnlyPersonThat is trending too I only realised becausee I sensed it was made by u (tweets sent to fone)x
SPICE 1/B.U.D. show this Sunday @ The Shipwreck in W Seattle.. $5.
top of evening! .. top of the morning .. & everyone in between
im done:)
Whats with the stereotype that dikes own subaru's?
for sure
new rule=don't eff with good enough.
Such a scene
The Two Main Ppl That Are Close 2Janet, &The Only Ppl Us Janet Fans Have On Twitter, NEVER Seem 2Respond 2Our Messages Nor Tweets
About to head out to play for the African Festival in Bmore. Opening for Najee with Rollexband. Should be a fun hit!!
Time to answer.
Happy Tuesday
STFU dick face. You are IRRELEVANT. I-R-R-E-L-E-V-E-N-T. (: No one likes you. So please, go bitch about it to your llama.
Awesome... can't wait to see it :)
Nestle Crunch RT : 50 Cent RT : Tide with Bleach RT : What are some good apps for the iPhone?
Columbia College wishes students a relaxing spring break!
Have 3 pgs of notes from the race & burlesque session, but here's my takeaway: "White women did not invent sexual agency."
Uhmmm where did this random thunder storm come from ?
Missing the Criminal Minds season finale. So excited to watch it later.
I did a quick google search and I'm not sure what that is
Bad girl ! :o but okay do it :)
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 77
Shaggy, it was so obviously you.
Yall,Not Following Me
What's going on in Wis.are they going to boot that Gov. out ,or what?
A liberal, a moderate, and a conservative walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Hi Mitt!" Thank you and I'm here all week.
Having a senior citizen guitar tracking session with
I need a movie too watch
Can I please have uncle si for an uncle?!
I see you know That's great, you are both ridiculously wonderful people. I look forward to ur tweets. Viva Travel!
I started adding turkey sausage to my homemade breakfast sandwich - I'm barely hungry by lunch
Sometimes I think you don't really care about me at all.
i have horrid 80's-era memories of Paisley. Since you weren't around then, you're not as traumatized.
seriously?!! OMG the exposure you would get from that show would be incredible!
Omg 's impression of , crying
Not wearing underwear today was an awesomely bold decision
8 minutes into and and I are already hungry.
nothing too bad honestly, its just he fact that I should have kept it professional and it went a little south, it was a
Bored? Here&#39;s an entertainment calendar for Pasco
One day she is finally going to get over you and you'll realize you love her
Summer is the time to get your fireplace cleaned. Well before you need it and the demand is lower.
By any chance: does DD make any gluten free donuts or muffins?
Having problem keeping celery fresh? Wrap it up in aluminum foil and put them in the refrigerator.
Senior year will forever be immortalized as the year I survived on Chinese food. Gotta get that daily dose of #MSG!
My parents are loud and it's disturbing :(
#Big #East gains
Oh crap! There's a Shatner on the wing!
ron christie alert!!!
thank you;) keep rockin lydia!
#Tigerswishlist Jose Conseco as team trainer
none of your bees wax.
#WhyiGive We give because the gift itself is tiny compared to the heart that gives it.
If being popular means sleeping with random guys, drinking, smoking & making fun of other people to feel powerful, I don't wanna be popular.
is it because they like competition?
Oo and locked pa ito an phone and she have to pay for it still. So I don't really suggest that she buys it here, not ideal.
Serve who?
shady people have no profile pics ...
When you were little you used to scribble really fast to make it look like you had a fancy signature.
look atchu wit yer new logo ;-)
gotta get ready for the home opener tomorrow!
HERE'S MY NUMBER CALL ME MAYBE...
So r u ready for more ideas!
CONGRATS JOSH!! RT Wow! My 1st 1,000 followers! Thanks 2 each one of u 4 ur support & curiosity. I look forward 2 the fun ahead!
Does realize that state employees are people too? Sad that our retirement contributions slashed from 11% to 5%. Nice pay cut!
omg that is awesome!!! How was it?!
Not enough money in the world...
just listened to #TurnToYou and it was so beautiful! Loved it so much. is so lucky to have u as a son
yo i got an idea for a dope track, are you down?
Gonna go back in time!
video depositions protect the written record
Hey Cam :) how are you?
we'll be there tonight!
Are you going on ?“: I'm a hot mess no shoes either I am a bad packer”
The American President RT : Follow + share your favorite movie of all time 2 enter 2 win a room night! Today is the last day!
Told my mom today that having you own blood in your body is his too mainstream for her.. I got a quality chuckle #wonderfuldaughteraward :)
Reminded of resiliency today. A local deer has managed to survive w/only 3 legs for over 5yrs birthing several fawns along the way. Amazing!
May is Men In Black 3 month!! Welcome Black Cocoa Creme Iced Coffee, Chocolate Lunarmax Donut & Undercover Black Cocoa Donut to our galaxy!
on November 11,2011 at 11:11 i will make THE MOST epic wish ever !
If u would like to place an order for your next meeting party or just bcuz, email us! 2 dz min.
#TheChicagoCode is awesome.. I will fight to keep it alive
Dump Explorer! Switch to Mozilla Firefox and Thuderbird!
My life revolves around bagpipes. Ohh and Jesus !
So awesome.
You are most welcome.
There's only one senior standing up front. So all accolades have to be about him.
nevermind, way too lazy to write names on the envelopes :b
miss you around Bradley!:)
My name is Delaney but u can call me Laney for short
Additional half million US children harmed every year to the point of meeting the legal standard of endangerment.
Aww thanks for the love! Back attcha! xo
One of my favorite crafts was making picture frames! My parents still have mine today :)
And you didn't stop by to say hi to your old co-workers??? How quickly they forget....
Check out the album history in the making on itunes.com...
Apparently, You Can Brew Lobster Or Peanut Butter Beer In Your Kitchen via
#oomf is a 11 yr old trapped in a crippled old mans body!
Just cause your my ex doesn't stop me from thinking about you once I wake up (:
think u have a public P,O, Box. You're welcome!! =) I knew u would like it & I was like I have to show Marlene lol
that's so exciting :P haha but yet everything is changing so much D: I miss his ustreams... oh well
We have a great dane/mastiff mix = big baby :)
It's Friday! It's Payday! It's time for sushi!
But Where .? Is She Out Of Practice
I heart crawfish
My grandma is determined to hook me up with her neighbor hahaha
#imagine Louis pulls you close to his body and kisses you.
there are two types of people in the world: those that find Ed Hardy attractive and those without STD's
Creeps me out how right I was: thought of DeLillo, then thought: Scribner, and some Penguin. But I'm...atypical...i know. :)
Everyone can go !
At Central Synagogue, where Hugh Hardy is giving a tour of the building. The docents here are such lovely people.
I'm making kale chips for the first time and more than a little excited about it.
thank you for the re-tweet!
ur an old man
This Sunday at we will answer the question, "why me?" You don't want to miss it!
Last day of break.
bulls out .... Lakers gotta go
The greatest thing my wife does for me is shop. I'll shop on line but going into stores unravels me.
i dont know your number im using hannahs phon
rain, crane, stain, detain, drain, refrain, pain, gain, feign, drain!
these bees need to gtfo
Thx for the golf outing! Bring me a beer on hole 5
I have to start dating again, or go out for more social events. I simply work to much. Good think I love what I do!
Rehearsals and meetings tonight. Gotta dig deep right now!
Kendall Gill on Tom Thibs at the press conference: "He looked like a guy who won the $640 million Powerball and lost the ticket.
Thank you for the #support we really appreciate it!!
as a dad I've never understood parents who aren't in their kids lives. no greater joy is derived from ANYTHING than your kids
how are Utd looking mate? I can believe Tevez started for city.
You are absolutely correct. Packed house but great atmosphere. Mostly United fans. Will have to catch another match together.
BRUINS ROLLING RALLY TOMORROW!!! Heading to Park Street by 8 a.m.!!
Today's specials are: Lack of sleep, woke up early, and low on patience.
#spicechat I'm alittle late.. hope everyone is well.
I'm taking it year by year in all things baby-related...
Has the pageant bug! #DamnIt!
Heard at #tcbsm4hr: if your learning team's 1st reaction to an org's need is "What resources will you give us?" you have wrong learning team
I would watch that.
RT : Explain to me how in a conference full of hundreds of marketing experts there are only like 8 people tweeting?
Dinner is on its way, you'll all be eating by 8!
Best word to describe my day so far? --> Blech <--
the texans are working out qbs Trent Edwards Brodie quoile kellen Clemens and Jeff Garcia your thoughts are ?
get at me in 2k. What's your gamertag?
I'm not functioning right today ;(
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think..
Rodney Stewart has thrown two passes at CU...both for touchdowns
killed it tonight!<3 thank you so much for preforming! Love you and hope to see you again!<
if I hadn't gotten into BFA, I'd be graduating today.
Looking forward to #JuneinBuffalo next week.
OT Niners Giants Great Game.
I'm 10000% sure lol there was a half naked lady and it said adult entertainment an steakhouse lol
Tryouts for the softball team is this Sunday @ noon @ Garfield. Bring your "A" game! We want people who will commit to the whole season.
Why do I feel like you are a machine too. You are too quick on the draw. And yes I did call.
A video report from a pro-immigration bill rally in Tempe, AZ: www.iundergroundreports.com
HEY PEOPLEZ!!! - RACHEL
Just tapped 21st Amendment Monk's Blood.
I turned 24 yesterday. Discovery: Reaching your mid-twenties means much less than I thought it would at 18.
TRAFFIC: Semi Rollover - WB I90 near Lake Delton - Semi is off the road, Debris in road.
Look at my best friend Z!!!
Damp paper towels helped ignite fire at Sussex Tech - New Jersey Herald
Joan Didion's brilliance continues in Blue Nights--cannot put this book down and can hardly put aside my envy.
This outfit makes me feel like an angel. Lol. I'm bout to fly away.
someone go to Vituccis tonight and get me some free pizza. then meet me at the library tomorrow with it. deal?
Going Swimming
Can't wear sweats to church.
Wanna DM me with specifics, and we can try to work it out together?
You are a multi-talented artist yourself and I find inspiration in your work!
#TrueFact I once got caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true.
The truth about baby products is that they are often worse for human health than adult products!
What intervals are they running? 10 minutes?
I never been so happy to complete a semester!!!!
#Loans that change lives! Check out #Kiva.org and see you can #change someone's life!
true. And i have my perfect baby girl ...
mom said i have school tomorrow.. but i thought we didn't ?
Lakers don't make me have to come n play. Clippers really? Really?
It seems complaints don't happen so much today, people are mum & non-committal, it's safer that way I guess.
Cuban exile groups have organized protests and are threatening to boycott the Marlins. Those is exile mistreated by Castro
YOU CAN DO IT !
is working on finalists for the postcard contest! Cross your fingers, kids, and when you uncross them get your stamps ready.
Fireworks in Pacific Palisades! Happy 4th, pals!
RT RT : Family Reunion Solution #6 Put the kids in a photo booth-it will keep them BUSY for hours!
I Love Oral ! ! ! you use all your sense 5 all in one Taste,Sight,Smell,Feeling and hearing
fabulous as always!!
Richards: "The structure by which we raise our revenue is no longer adequate."
Did Yall see Serena Williams at the ESPYS got the body of a Goddess.
My tweet got plenty RT's but half of them ppl not even following me tho.
Hahahaha I know right :(
:] yaaaay!! your so amazing, I love you. But I miss you too, come back to this side of town soon!
Fun!! Missed you but looks like a great weekend.
International Beer Day and Friday..Wat else we need :P
I hate having hard wood floors everywhere cus in the morning its cold
In the car with jjust effing great<3
I LOVE when sings Let Me Love You. <3
my hair is now pink.
I'm so serious can you text me?
Thanks for stopping by the DD booth! We look forward to talking more about
Potions are your best friend in The Witcher 2, use it more often, makes even the toughest of the toughest fights easier than you think
Just got back from Universal! (:
Rangers have a serious lineup
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
You need to get a shop here in NYC
nope its kinda like being at the track
There are NO fault lines that go through Virginia or anywhere near virginia. Vibrations were felt afa Detroit. Something is not right.
I do that all the time- good thing I have the uncut dvds
I have a unicorn named Lola :3
Happy Monday Colorado. We can help you with you printer or copier. Call us if you need service. 303-778-0600.
uh oh
I would take that, though it'd mean we have ship Melo somewhere too. Or maybe deal Gay to someone for a new forward?
RT : "I failed because I did xyz." And I won't do that again. Failure in gaming is learning.
It's because some years ago, they decided (intentionally) not to participate (i.e not to provide data).
What A Nice Way to Start My Day By Having A Random Fucking Nose Bleed In The Shower
If I didn't stamp it, it ain't official.
my next question is when are you going grocery shopping??!?
thanks. I'll fire it up today!
WHY DID I BRING THIS MUCH WORK HOME TO DO? UGHGHGUGHGUH. Of course I'm checking the pointless to-dos off my list first. Nails painted.
1D on the radio. YEAH BUDDY!
Print project, feature film shoot, and film screening over the next couple of weeks. Busy is good.
must. learn. lines.
And back to reality from the best #disneycruise / #cruise I've ever been on!!
Charles Barkley thinks its only okay to enforce the rules when the game is NOT on the line. "You can't call that, man."
Today's Republican Party: "You mean women can vote? Wait a minute! Since when?"
walks in a house people eatin apples outside he says havin a munch on some apples
RT: The People's Choice Awards are not to be confused with the Chosen People Awards. Although frankly there's a LOT of overlap
Got to sit and chat with our Poster Grand Prize Winner Lukas as he signed 50 of his winning artwork. So sweet.
We watch. It's pretty good (but getting a little formulaic ...).
People who say you can get buzzed on a cig...
Congrats Sean! ": Proud to say that is now a participating bar/restaurant!”
Teacher advocacy is huge. It helped me realize that I had options other than jail/drugs & get my reading up to be able to attend University.
Breakfast @ Clinton Station Diner with mom...
I love Final Cut Pro... not sure if Final Cut Pro loves me, but whatever
Wondering why Starbucks is selling their Seattle's Best Coffee brand so cheap (often as low as $5.99/pkg). Hope they don't devalue the label
Happy Mother's Day to women everywhere who have shared their love with the fruit of their wombs or hearts. Being as mom is my blessing.
TCU sells out their football season tickets for the first time in school history.
Charles Barkley has made a playoff prediction: He believes the Denver Nuggets will upset the Lakers in the 1st round.
np - your profile pic is so pretty! hope all is well!
#ArleneinWexford gives a weather update NEXT on FROGGY just for yinz guys.
Going home to think...
Furman University in South Carolina!
Follow back?
Early birds have to try our smoke house sandwich made with jalapeno-cheddar sausage!
Too much fun! RT no prob! Had tons of fun! Cc
Follow Back Please
Mom: what you wanna eat? .... Me: whatever you wanna give me.... Mom: well i wanna give you una chinga... me: lmfao*
Aww, thank you! :)
Merry Christmas!!!! C: <3
I'm going to start making everyone feel like shit.
- good luck tomorrow!!
Passport photo lady asked "Can you, um, push down your hair a LOT?"
Simple Quote: Well designed #infographics are great for marketing purposes because if people understand your product they will buy it.
Florida misses you!
Good Morning Everyone
I was confused thought this was last night.
Retweet if u hate cheaters!
Going to the gym for a late night workout session!
cool will do
I don't think the feline is the "cat" she is trying to give away...
#Team2TONE countdown for the single release! Day 7!
lol just lies all lies n to phone off
Making brownies with my mommy <U+263A>
well, we'll make sure to give you a special birthday cake too!
'Do you know your worth?' , 's ambassador asks Harvey Milk high school students today @ graduation.
Cool! Looks like fun!
Excited to see in Asbury Park..The Stone Poney!!!!!!
I just saw this old lady with Beats on. Kinda wish that was my gma.
Worst. Headache. Ever. :(
saw one of those in FL too. Amazing.
Follow me and I'll follow you
(And I say that as someone who doesn't have an iPad and has to pay his roommate to look at my work on the magazine. -M)
can we get much higher ?
Is it really nessasary for you to cuss everytime you tweet? Wow you're cool.
My luck is so bad that if I bought a cemetery, people would stop dying.
I'm home sleep time more laser therapy tomorrow
Sunny and 65 degrees. Things could be much worse here in Naples, FL
I wore a skirt with no tights today, so I basically have blinded everyone with my paleness. Have fun in the sun :).
I'm ok
Yes, we would be. Should also talk to
ahaha , I Only Go On When Fb Is Boring Aha : p
so much thoughts scattering in my brain
just spent the last 20 minutes practicing my NPR voice for the 1-minute promo vid I'll be recording tomorrow.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL HAPPY SWEET BELLA!
The iPhone remote is wicked
you bet! Looking forward to seeing you at the Lyric some day, soon :)
Should I feel guilty for these thoughts? Even if their years in advance?
really? Oh snap. That's explains so much. Eat extra pink slime for me.
To all my marjiuana-smoking friends: happy holidays, bro!
thanks, I'm sure it will and I'm overreacting, but she's my kid
I could never remember the how the city election stuff worked and the way you broke it down on VOSD radio...excellent.
where where? I wanna see a stegosaurus tooth!
It's finally here. #edcampcolumbus begins in 3 hours. Looking forward to meaning some amazing educators today.
After seeing the Grizzlies push the San Antonio Spurs to the brink of elimination, do you think the Grizzlies are better without Rudy Gay?
So true! RT : It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. Aristotle Onassis
why weren't you at school missy? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
When ur significant other is truly ur "best friend",that makes the most solid & strongest relationships.That girl that can hang w/ the guys.
Steak Tonight!
waking up and watching Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure. again
they say drugs make u stupid, i been smoking weed since i was 10 and i got 2 diplomas high school and college and graduated to kush
Google translate sez: "When they have all transferred, which is who will buy the stuff that the Chinese are a 'our place?"
lol aw what all u got 2 do and u kno it don't start until 8
your buddy Governor Quinn is doing a good job in Illinois!!
Really hurtin today. Ugh it just keeps getting worse. :/
Hahahaha , I miss your crazy ass! <\3
Had a snowball today (:
Miss my girls! : You rock, thank you! We're connected! Let me know when we can do din. <3”
That's pitiful.
Which BDubs are you guys at today!
So let me get this straight..Barett is out..Dowling is on IR..And Bodden just got released..Secondary issues...
Excessive heat warnings the past two days mean all workouts take place inside. Today was a 3 mile jog. Felt good!
oversaturated by the social media spammers. u r fast forwarding the opportunity u preach.
Brett Favre is retiring? Who would have expected a year to pass without that fraud announcing he was retiring -- once again.
contest announcment within the week ! <3
Last week, an malfunction in the part of the DAS that routes around network errors *caused* an error it couldn't route around.
They didn't like you either!!!
#NP ASAP Rocky
I remember it like it was yesterday! Happy Birthday to your mini-me princess <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
OH ITS ON BBY
OK Republicans: if you don't want to raise taxes, what are you going to cut to deal with Virginia's $2.9 billion budget shortfall?
Heading over to SXDE at Dan Electros's Guitar Bar for our first show of the day at 6pm!
Realist shit ever!!!!! “: #YouWantAHappyMothersDay but you rather spend time wit a nigga than your child...”
good thing the HD isn't really that important. it's like the appendix of MacBooks right?
If you are in the wrong hole - Stop digging!!!!
But she got bullied lmfao . And she wanna go on stage saying stop the bullying but yet she a twitter thug .
A clean room always makes me happy... Must be my ocd ;)
me? Yeah I know.. I wish too
The average American uses between 80-100 gallons of water a day, so it's no wonder that some of it goes "astray" and leads to water damage.
that's just one night. Im making the weekend my party so looking for more then back to bay for the twelves Friday after.
Dude got put to sleep
ok calm down
i envy photogenic people
Thanks for the follow!
Saturday is back around and the only club that is guaranteed to have 2000+ people is . LIVE broadcast with DJ Chris Styles
okay had to change that first image. It was blurry and off tone and bothering me!
Came into the web like a horny spider... Lol wtf
Last celebrities I saw in 2010? Try Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne. And my last 11:11 wish of 2010 is......
hey Jake. Wash dies.
less you eat healthier you are...happier you are when you learn how incredible Stella and Adam have sex in PYTHON
I've heard some people say it like sharon and other random things haha
I will only tweet on certain occasions..like tonight
Draft day !
Saturated with rain. I wouldn't be surprised if the trees just keel over in light wind gusts.
Dear , thank you for my increased coverage
In Denver Sunday through Thursday. Working with Monarch High School. Looking forward to making a positive impact on some talented athletes!
Love the front kick!! Looks like that would smart.
yessir. It's the app with a gray popsicle image
Happy Birthday !
did you get yourself a date!? I can put the rubber sheets out for you
ARRRRGGGGG. Shutter died on my go-to Canon. Sending to tomorrow.
Why did you cover up ur 'born lucky' tattoo? x
Wearing those in 8th grd automatically gave me street cred. Wouldn't have dared walk the Franklin halls w/o them.
Ready for some bro-tastic times? Hangin at Hamptons coming up next.
FOX News offering what Romney strategy should be. As if that makes any difference to anyone but his staff. Ahh experts, experts, experts!
I'm late to the party, but thanks for the #FF!
Yup, that.
Agreed. RT : I would rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not. - Lucille Ball
Reminders are greatly appreciated, so thank you! :-)
This video is looking sick and im only 1/3 of the way done with the rough edit ... prob going to be super cool and work on a Fri night in LA
Thanks for sharing Hadn't seen this yet!
lifetime subscription to lexisNexis ?
Females never sees to amaze me how money hungry they are!!
heh. no worries.
Pool closed for the season at Luxor hotel Las Vegas
ohoh guess what i did. watched all the x factor vids and cried my eyes out. im proud to say ive been a fan since 9/30/10
Ugh. RT Stupid, corrupt Congress declares pizza a vegetable. I mean, really folks: bit.ly/rNNTnY
Love that Granny G is trending. is so fun to watch. It's going to be a great season.
man look! I damn dryheaved like a MUG!!
I agree with Karissa, you should be thankful you have a bunch of wonderful friends who care about you.
LOL no darling, I have loads of "mixed nuts' over here! No need to add macadamia to the mix!Thanks for the offer though! : )
Dear I just wanted to let you know that you are an amazing brother and I miss you very much!
Thanks for the love this week Happy Easter!
Running late #traffic :( promise we will get there
I know, but I can only hope.
Great blog! I really enjoyed it.
#AFS11 lol sue corpse does not = corps
Reconfirms my beliefs that they're all idiots.
Going to get my beauty sleep.
is the Maryland alumni game on tv?
My gym has so many tv screens it's like being inside the internet, and not very relaxing.
good luck my koko on ur baseball today hope u get to the championships
Oh you fancy huh?
its a pretty tree
:D I can't wait!
lol. An April fools joke would go " I really like my girlfriend "
What to bid, what to bid????? Our free agent evaluator takes place at 8pm pst. Jimenez.... Rasmus....
#mommytips don't eat anything you actually want to enjoy, or eat all of with your child around.
July 4th Double Single Releases! #BodyBeFree2012Boooom!
that's amazing.
Listing to live jazz in the White House Grand Foyer.
RIP Dick Clark
Christine: It was great to meet you last night at GGSC even with Congressman Ryan! Looking forward to more events! Therese'
Hollywood gals need to stop posing with hands on hip. I know it makes the triceps appear thinner, but have some class honeys.
The cost to build the Empire State Building was $40,948,900
this could be emil you know
But there is the most amazing solo cello piece happening right now in the City Hall parking garage
I have freckles on my ass, but u can't see'em
Today is Steve Jobs Day in California. Happy Steve Jobs Day everyone!
Ascribe to the LORD the glory due his name; worship the LORD in the splendor of his holiness. Psalm 29:2
You didn't really missing anything. Just trying to come up with a hashtag for the chamber's Inter City Visit to London.
what! 's not like we're talking about some lost classic here...Cabin Fever 1 and 2 are on the same level
Tony Dungy chose Packers to be NFC Champs. Cites "backup" QB throwing for 6TDs and 500yds.
well we need to fix this. Coming to the next show?!?!
part two of the movie tomorrow?!
Gave 3 lectures this week in three different venues on the roles of libraries during #crisis. Talks are helping me pick a
I mean you got a number...nd I got a new one
I need some sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep
and still don't feel like i've conquered it.
Freemium games for Xbox 360? - CNET (blog): Freemium games for Xbox 360?CNET (blog)Speaking to VentureBeat in an ...
Jamie Oliver is an amazing force for good...we need 20 of him!
RT Kepler has found its first planet in the habitable zone of its parent star. 1.usa.gov/v9vKXo
are you the same Patrick Sills that used to live up the street from me?
I swear the best week turned to the worst in a split second .
Any good resources for writing a proposal for $$ for a SNS monitoring platform?
awww maannnn. oh well at least i will see you friday and saturday!
how did ur pres go? I was w antonia Darder on neoliberalism and public Ed
At for the GPEE Media Symposium. Abt to listen to the 2012 Top 10 Issues in edu. Report avail at www.gpee.org. Stay tuned.
adele should go rolling in the deep in a spike pit
Rare Beautiful summer nights<U+2764>
I think that's the first 3-D commercial I've ever seen
Who wants to take me to their prom?
Oh, reminder - Market starts Wed, June 6th. I play the opener, 11:45 - 1:45.
cool re power pack. we are assembling collaborators for a "Tobacco Is History!" interactive museum. Looking for appropriate ...
WOW!!! You've been busy!!! AWESOME PHOTOS AND VIDEOS!
Dark Chocolate + Coconuts = HeaveN
DJ Justin is rockin tonight. Don't miss Milwaukee's best hip lounge
Oh, uh...never?
life is a box of cookies.
Can i get some specifics?
i do that when i get that becky
Don't we have an anniversary every time we go to Atlantic City?
Back to the future, so good. Since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break today. So, why don't you make like a tree and get outta here?
In sum: gave away , and a draft pick for Jordan Hill. [Insert expression of befuddlement here.]
RT : "Most people spend their lives making grand plans for it..."
Wow , thanks for sending a Navigator to pick up me and We are rollin' deep tonight.
“: With friends like mine who needs armies? #pgp”
lol haha i got it on repeat!
Definitely would marry a guy who wasn't in the entertainment business. LOL
#BELIEVE 1 MONTH FROM TODAY<3 at least where i am hahahhaha
Hi Stacey, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Why do you get mad at me for not caring?? I would care if you told me things that are important
r u gonna watch it opening night?
C'mon Florida, beat Louisville!
#"I get money like Ben Stein, my diamonds purified they hit my shit Clear Eyes"
I'm an Atlanta native as well so I can tell her a lot about Georgia. DM if you're daughter is interested!
We can't wait either! So excited!
Miss the shit out of you. You 100% deserved the tweets :)
RT : T.Millions models are on deck for your music videos, films, hosting events, magazines shoots, calendars
Just saw that the Brain Extravaganza post is up. Thanks for sharing it!
planning Maker-style Design blog/community & looking for an editor, ideally in SF. #dreamjob (for someone, not me)
use the coupon on my facebook and shop online!
In Texas ?
Biggest shot of Avery Bradley's career. And he swaps it.
come on kid you need to sttop it.
RT : It's not about how we stand on the top, it's about how we got there.
Thanks for the RT!
For a person who hates me, you sure love talking about me.
We will be playing sound upon request -- just ask for the MOD
“The only way to get what you really want is to let go of what you don't want.” Iyanla Vanzant
Who would like to sponsor Sping Jam Fest 2011 in D.C. and be a part of the show with P.O.D. at Bull Run, Centreville, VA. May 14th?
Rep. Rukavina was floored that I could be Croatian and conservative. What a hoot he was to have in the Retiring Room.
Anyone on myspace.
Anyone going to the blast?
Show you right
Makes sense. I'd like to see a Pitt-Sconi matchup.
RT Some people just don't get it. I know.
are there any new interviews or promos for our girl?
But all endings are also beginnings. We just don't know it at the time" ~Mitch Albom
Sing it! :) RT : You make the Sun Stand Still, The oceans part. Your powerful, It's who you are!
#fufb for allowng me access to comments that i care not to see twice
I bought you an Easter present. It's a gerbil.
#glee was phenomenall, I can honestly say I cried multiple times.
Thanks for the tip on Casey Key. It was a beautiful mini Sanibel. We never did find Skeeterville, though.
When you wake up and realize you don't have double bio, it brightens your day
Yer a cutie (:
Potato Leek Soup so good it would make Julia Child weep.
OK LOL A LITTLE SCARED BUT OK LORD B WITH ME
: Was leaving your plan all along, or did you just decide I wasn't good enough?
women, in SF, working in tech: join us tonight for drinks n chats. ping me or if you want to come :)
oh ok thanks anyway
Companies who made their mark on design usually did so because one designer had an unusually strong relationship with the company’s founder.
#LAKings now just one game away from #StanleyCupFinals. Hard to believe this is the same team I saw play the #Isles at Coliseum in Feb.
If you could help someone fulfill their dream would you?
July 2010 - 30th Int'l Conference on Jewish Genealogy - REGISTRATION IS NOW OPEN! www.jgsla2010.com
RT if you love our awesome new dessert items!
Dear Charles Barkley, this is for you saying little rude ass comments about San Antonio. t(-.-)t
that sounds GENIUS
actually it's more like I do that to you. hrmm :-\
Stress kind of takes over your life!
ugh get him off the mound!
MT ": I believe the two greatest inventions of man are central air and the attached garage (a necessity where it snows!)"
I have to make sure nobody BECOMES a dead body in the woods this weekend. :)
On my way to LAX. I have a feeling I'm going to be using #Instagram a lot. So follow me up 4 some cool pics.
I read a good article by on Beckett. He just struggles too much at home and in the division
STOP BEING MEAN TO ANGEL YA CHING CHONG BING BONG
FINALLY! Congrats on being old. :D
Do people actually enjoy 2 Chainz?
I'm not gonna lie Hunger Games was really good!
O's went 9-6 in that tough 15-game stretch! NICE!!!
follow me!!!!! Please<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
We vote for Ben. I bet he'd also beat us in Scrabble.
Just curious, but why aren't they the Toronto Maple 'Leaves'?
Our vision is to help people simplify their lives by using their mobile devices to easily and automatically interact with their surroundings
So tired of hearing about the phantom 'black friends' of Zimmerman. When can we see them?
Exactly how inactive are these inactive ingredients?
Made it to the bank with 2 mins to spare
going 2 take a shower ! be on later xoxox < 3
“: I wonder how police on bikes arrest people. “Alright, get in the basket.””
no one knows how sick i am of people telling me im wrong or its my fault or who to pick...
.dj is a great domain extension. Thanks Djibouti!
wut up boss chick???
hey Julia!! How are u?
Marx: A total of six SC hospitals are using Final Check with results of more than 90% reduction #scha2012 RT
Doesn't Luc know that that's not the way for a catcher to become a broadcaster and get a statue? He's hitting too well.
thanks, I'm sure I'll come home empty handed lol
Is golf on today?
hey so I just ate at this place called whole foods, idk if you have it by you but it reminded me of you haha. Try it out! :)
Can't wait to try my new "They're Real" Mascara by Benefit!
It's not my place to judge anyone. Nobody's perfect and no one but God will judge me.
hope it work out fa me...
YOU COMING BACK TO ME IS AGAINST ALL ODDS
What was that????a Rocket right past Holtby. #BlueShirts take 2-1 lead over caps.
With that being said, some morning cardio! Rock the week!
Hop over this Sunday! Easter goodie bags to all kids (12 & under) on Easter Sunday! We'll be open 8am-2pm, let's brunch!
why compare with others? Pointless
When your boyfriend and your bestfriend are the same person.
Chicken stir fry for my chicks
Also recommend anything by Jerry and Esther Hicks and Abraham They're pioneers of
I wonder why Obama is now supporting gay marriage. They say its against Christian value but same time is he doing it just to get re-elected
do you remember that red velvet cake ice cream at uwf that had real cake in it?! I'm literally craving that right now
Dear 7-11, Comedy? thanks you for the Slurpees and releasing a group of now hyperactive Comedians? back into the world wreaking havoc. -A.M.
I have a feeling this summers gonna be a good one
#DontYouWish laundry and chores would do themselves
Ultrasound 'Male Lumpectomy' for Prostate Cancer
Had a blast last night at the Robert Earl Keen concert. The Road Goes on Forever and the Party Never Ends!
that's all you can do. It's a crazy world we are working in now :-)
three from the online membership the rest from shows
MY EYES
haha okay. Figured you wouldn't be in the mood to work.
Follow for local music updates and to stay up to date on this year's Free Friday Night Concerts in the Park info!
Thanks so much for checking in with us ! We hope you enjoy your stay.
Wow! Is it May? I am getting sunburned in my car.
Mitt - you're an idiot.
you have a penguin on your head sir
Join us for dinner tonight! Come enjoy great organic Mexican food (714) 508-TACO (8226)
We are 20 min from touchdown. Right side soon to be left side Miki is on top of everything. She is very good.
R tells students to befriend the firm librarians, find out what databases, books they have that they wdn't have seen at school.
“ “ If you post a million bathroom mirror pics with or without the duckface you're #DoinTooMuch””
Thanks to anybody who provided an assist in the job search. I have one. Start full-time on Monday.
“: My life is going to be hell for the rest of the week, is going to be in town! Damn it!!” what's up joelito!
we offer 7 day money back guarantee on all of our packages
Have not heard of her until now, but I am totally ok with that! She apparently rocks!!
perhaps you can create a program for former servers to donate to the next generation. Finding the right tie was ...!
would it be possible to go to the infinity of recruiting rankings?!?! If so UK fans wouldn't be happy with #1 classes!
Today I feel like I want to...forget this whole therapy thing! I miss you guys.
Still need to get a 5 miler out of the way...so here I go
Listening to speech on what to do if there is an active shooter in our building
Symphony Crack's 'The Addiction' coming soon!!! Will be one helluva drug...
whatever how u been?
Just drove by Harold Pener 'Man of Fashion'
Upcoming Exhibit Solo Show Muir Fine Art Gallery Houston, Texas, March 12th, 2010, 7-10PM www.timhovde.com
"sex talk is NEVER politically correct. The dirtier, the better #justsayin" <---Tweet of the day
Yes, a bit early ;) This is a fun way to spend the morning! Love the pics and thoughts you all are sharing!
is that you ?
I am not take it bk
thank u for making my night a memorable one last night in Porrland:-)
will do - thanks for the tip!
Thanks everyone (: over 15 #FF (: love you all!
especially when I get to see suzabazooka. :)
This for fucks sake RT : ALRIGHT TL, I GET IT. BROCK LESNAR...FUCK!!!!! IT'S FAKE, YOU KNOW.
What?! Foo Fighters broke up!?
RT/mention me. I have a few followers and I can't promise you shit but have a good day. No 500+ followers to gain from me, sorry.
Thanks for sharing, Sam! I felt good about how it turned out.
Thanks! I was a good little librarian and finished it last night. Feels good to be done so early!
Could be. Do you have an argument that they are?
Realizing that I'm moving in about a month. Nothing will matter anymore. I'd rather leave on good terms with everyone though.
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt. -- Charles M. Schulz
: I'm filling out a work comp claim and I can't find the box for clogged arteries. Can you come help me?
I'm so glad I have a treadmill in my house
If you're a developer, everything that happens in your app is your responsibility - Clayton #loctrack #sxsw Misuse of data
Early golf at Bent Tree tomorrow.
I'm sure alcohol compounded it, but was more I interrupted the cops at their breakfast... they wanted make me pay.
ah !! Lol yeaa you're not sweet , && if you are I'm white af !
good luck! Sounds like it is going to be a doozy... Still trying to get the snowblower working - argh!
True. I keep thinking of Pho-King Ah-Sum and that might not be good for business either
The last person I would ask would be me. ha.
Those brown skies ahead sure do make me feel at home
I remeber when I use to give a fuck,now I don't..
South Park - Loose Moose . ... Thursday is Free Wing Night ... O_o
Musicals in general may have fallen out of favor with me. I think I'm too bitter. Thanks for illuminating though.
i had Marie Antoinette hair today... unfortunately i pics came out horrible =( will try again soon!
FOR EVERY BEAUTIFUL WOMAN THERES REAL A MAN, BUT TOO MANY FAKE ONES LIE AND RUIN IT, DATS WHY WOMEN GET EMOTIONALLY WRECKED..
Its it true that Madison has a girlfriend cuz I'm gonna die
This game 7 on saturday bruh...
hes no longer invited to chicken kitchen in kenya!
Me & should collab on something this year..Can yu say #EPIC??
Awesome! I've heard hockey is much better in person than on tv (I don't watch it either way). Hope it's a great game.
boom...happy wife and kid...time to order the next set of Mods!
Watching talk about Appsumo and failure, great message
Anyone rockin the GB for the new years competition? Starting the planning phase.
thank u ma'am!! I am girl!! Gone ride it til the wheels fall off
In honor of the Charles Dickens bicentennial, join us for a dramatic reading of Dickens by The Friends of Dickens New York today at 2pm
What an adorable pup!
We all come w/ different personal feelings to the Christmas festival & despite it all, Christmas comes. Christ the Savior is here!Bonhoeffer
It was just on television' that the city of shenzene, china is under seige by china officials, TRUE???
Looking for a great show tonight in #Tampa? Go to and see The Leonard Brothers LIVE from 7-11 pm!!
intentional fouls should be 2 shots plus teh ball, rondo didnt even try to steal the ball, he just grabbed the dude from behind
Awesome thanks so much! would love to help in anyway you need. Fun summer coming up with educators like yourself.
Me too! “: Big fan of this new trend of selling outside of perf venues like & ”
Haha....silent movies!
about time!
Spending a billion dollars on a football stadium is not about to make a successful football team. The vikings trippin
Iran is executing men for the crime of being gay. To be a fly on the wall of the next Obama-Ahmadinejad Mutual Admiration Society meeting...
haha um no!
Crazy night....esgar where u at?? Lol
then that's just sad. RT wat if a boy has to do that?
so is that a good thing or bad, I've always wanted to be apart of Jive,
Just like Bear and Bo, JoePa lived and breathed football. Literally.
Beitzel is an absolute beast. Jimmer who? Come on UNC, keep it close!
What's good fam?Glad to have you back doing what you do best! Dropping those hot 16 like you bless us with on Bri "Just A Girl"
Gold class, silver club, elite. Whatever. I think I'm flying riffraff class.
that's right, I forgot you told me already.
tonight just might be a WILD night...might..lol
Love that my pals & are at #Nerdprom!!!
Ouch. I'll be praying for ya haha
I HATE ALGEBRA
Hmm.... that would be quite a drive to get it to you :-).
Can anyone tell me, did Darlene Wink?
Manhattan, Wild at Heart, Persona, Antichrist, The Turin Horse, Drive (credits), Touch of Evil, Birth, Scream...
I can't stand brown hoes. It makes me wonder about the world.
Found some great furry, fun yarn for my knit project.
Hi, we're a new church in your area. Exciting loving. Check us out & follow back & our pastor
Anyone using #Evernote for Schools? Using Groups w/premium accts for students or individual free accts? Do you share notebooks?
I get the same thing on my timeline from all these quote twitters and such
Thank You Babe!!! RT how is everything going... I'm about to make that move out of TX soon. I see you grinding keep it up
followed c:
This school is cold
Your first two tweets make me sad for 2009 you and happy that you have grown into a blastronaut clip chieftain.
“ The world is your runway”
Tune in to 750AM The Game tonight at 7:35pm and hear call in to #TheDailyWrap with !
Wheres my mama ?
Heart just sank. feel like I'm gonna cry. Yes... Guys cry. Haha
Tonight: Battle of academic titans Kansas & Kentucky.
Hope you had a great week!
#ff our fearless owner, for the best hosting prices and the best support staff. for rockin tattoos
Istanbul has beautiful cityscapes, but I've never seen it without lights. Any chance you took photos? :)
We'd love 2 help. is it too late? RT Hello ! I could use your help! Justin Bieber Charity Concert for Haiti!
I feel like this is gonna be bad...
#mariners are terrible with RISP today....
Rocking my ninja turtle sweater to work today for tacky sweater day. Even though I don't think it's tacky lol.
YOU MAKE ME WANNA LA-LA, IN THE KITCHEN ON THE FLOOR!!!!
Think before you speak cause your words will get you fucked up !
No matter how hard he rages, I love my best friend ! Always there when I need him
For all conspiracy theorist check out this company named H.A.A.R.P. me personally I don't know what to thk. You come up with your own co ...
Everything is really well :) how about you? How's the modeling going?
Those Chrome Zebra Sassy Nails are looking great! Time to get your party on!
haha I saw it and had to take a picture lol
Lifting furniture is not the biz!
and working and hanging out and seeing fam! all that good stuff
Went running with Amie and we were so freaking tired lol we missed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>!
I'm pretty sure you just have to do cool things and talk a lot. It doesn't hurt if you have toys & candy in your office either
All I want is a nice little present from you :(
"baby" ? o_O i dont want to get happy then get sad if it was an accident :(
I don't like to think before I speak, I like to be just as surprised as everyone else by what comes out of my mouth.
KPFA DJ Doug Edwards at Palo Alto, CA, Vets Hospital ICU. Call there if you know him and want to say hi. (650) 493-5000.
I'm bout to get it on voice haha..
this packing part sucks
just saw how hot the other states are lol im soo happy that i live in hawaii and i actually have tons of breeze!!!!!
Check out Marice Tobias' latest perspective posting on "Why Be a Brand?" on her thoughts page at www.tobiasent.com. Good stuff.
can you follow me
forreal this time #prankwar &me vs & no1else~ari&i got franco&him&sean tried2get me last night
<U+FFFD>Think outside the box, collapse the box, and take a fucking sharp knife to it.<U+FFFD>
Don't cry but for sure imma see if I can take the day off tomorrow so we can chill.
Got 9miles in this morning. Now it's sports Sunday...hockey & baseball.
are you going for NAB? Hopefully there will be another #VolcanoGirl screening soon!! Our schedules WILL collide :)
Ohhey. My iPod has radio at least.
many talk but very few listen.
thank you, sweetheart.
guess where I'm going today..the fair lmfao
Why is everybody acting so shady nowadays?
LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH!!!! <3
I looked at the Kitchen Aid slicers/processors but thought I'd try the attachment version... Failed again
2011 nba champs....Dallas mavericks!
miss you. Hope all is well with you guys. Fires near ya?
Even better: Okracoke. It's an ISLAND!
#ItsTimeForYouToRealize our wax is virtually painless. First time guests try us out for free!
It's Monday, Yhu Got A Job, Yhu Off, And Ain't Got Shit To Do, So Imma Get Yhu High Man !!!!!
My first meeting today: 730am. You can't outwork me in
Renaissance Society of America () conference this week! Come to our trio of Thurs sessions, "On the Work of Marcia Hall."
thanks for the support!
My dreams are so fucking scary anymore. Ohmygod.
Summer Botox special $10 per Unit of Botox! At www.skyandseaspa.com our med-spa! Expires August 31st
Not my finest moment.
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: Even though gay men work out a lot, they secretly want to be like Bridget Jones and eat anything they want.
Thanks for tweet my article!
Hope the #LTDArmy had as much fun this weekend as we did!
Congrats! Venture onward!
If we don't get the star player....improve the bench and hope our guys can stay healthy for a full season to see what we are capable of.
Fun night...all work tomorrow :-) ...right now?
Home after a great time at the beach with family. Its amazing to realize the progression of generations.
Vote for ur favs! RT : beauty junkies! wants to hear from you - Tell us your fave products...
when we stay away from our #abuser(s) we truly love ourselves and STOP the abuse cycle!
yes i want to so bad we are almost there again
;D I loved her.
Lebron and these free throws... damn!!
How GRAND. He tried on my shirt.<3 NOW I'M GOING TO GET HIS SKIN DNA ON MYSELF. ASDFGHJKL.
Saadi~ Roam abroad in the world and take thy fill of its enjoyments before the day shall come when thou must quit it for good.
Daily GTKY question: Can you give us clues as to where you live, without saying it?
The Twenty-Five Years of Philosophy: A Systematic Reconstruction by Eckart Förster F'85 now available from
Some ppl need to learn to keep certain things to themselves, you only making yourself look bad
I said call up Cisco when Gardner got hurt...
Sports Outdoor Baseball Football Olympics Boating
RT The United States is home to 2.8 million homeless children.
“: Girls are like condoms, they spend more time in your wallet than on your dick. #malepains” Bahaha
Invest your time in USEFUL, RESOURCEFUL THINGS that will add to your life....not hender or delay in your progress! Xoxo
Devastating.: Fire rises from building opposite Thala Tower&smoke rises, shell hits the building from time to time
“: #NowPlayin Light Pollution by the awesome <3” yes!!!!!
Goin to my 50th #Brewers game of the season tonight, How can I celebrate?
Its my birthday!!!!
Chandler AZ has had 7 attempted abductions in 6 months
Hahaha ur mom was probably like run bitch run or hes gona shoot u
he looks like a pedophile to me
Bummed my Seminoles lost the ACC championship.
The sun, with all those planets revolving around it and dependent on it, can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the
LETS GET A WORLD RECORD RETWEET THIS
Dude, just buy the box set. You must see it all now. Best ever.
7 years ago I swore I'd never move again. Today I starting packing up.....to move.....again. Never say never.
Omg she seriously died? im so sorry :(
that's good u finally stop partying n did some work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>lol
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings. ~ Salvador Dali
I air drum as part of my morning ritual.
awesome -- I will have to leave at about 2ish though because I have a meeting at 230
#IfWeWereTogetherRightnow I would do my best to help you sell or even buy a home :)
The NBA is ridiculous Garnett traveled so bad and no call, Ronnie milsaps could have seen that, it's all set up big market teams smh
The task I HATE the most: Cleaning the refrigerator! And boy, am I paying big for procrastinating!
Tanning and than orange leaf? I'm down.
Sometimes you gotta challenge yourself.
Everything now has an app available on Apple iSomething or Android but the poor Blackberry gets no love. My how the mighty have fallen
Challenge accepted!
that's excellent!
Um.... I fell asleep at 9PM and now I'm lying awake. Dammit
go for it!
we are gonna get married on the beach at sunset, okay? Okay c: <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>
My fantasy lunch meeting: Terry Gilliam & Guillermo del Toro. Who can set this up for me?
If you order a pizza for delivery, tell us you saw it on Facebook or Twitter & get $5 off a 2nd pizza! Call 521-9800!
I got it I got it. I learned Sherlock dance. I'm ready now.
I love you 1,2,3 shooby doo i love you 4 that's more than I can afford
My favorite people to follow are the guys of - , , and !
hey brother, I couldn't find the fuck shit up shirt on merchnow. Anywhere else I can find it
"When moving about the train, shoes must be worn at all times." It kills me the things we have to say out loud these days.
so youur gunna give me that bouncy ball right?! (; Aha
Thanks ! Pleasure meeting you.
Just tried dumplings and egg rolls at Yum's Asian Bistro, new restaurant in #CharlesVillage, 2501 N. Charles St. Delicious! Will go back .
Thanks for the re-tweet of "Black theater @ NPL". Blessings, cb
so much fun! Remembering the hysterical crying girl?
Bucket list item 3566: listen to crazy drunk man singing "who let the dogs out" while riding bike through sculpture park.....
Whats up TwitterVille, I know we've been kinda quiet. Been busy. I hope all is well. Show tonight at East Meets West Vu from LA. 830!
Tonight Wright Way Master Classes NYC will be working with the Book Of Mormon Associate Casting Director - Kate Boka!!! Super Excited!
That kid in your health class that obnoxiously eats M&Ms
Gracias mil Max !!
Please join us: Master Plan Mtg Forest Hill and North Broadway Cherry Blossom Welcome Center Branch Brook Park, Newark, NJ May 15th(Tuesday)
and you ignore tragedy and more quality wins. I don't understand.
Make a mat on the floor :-)
Moving can definitely be a pain. Good luck with the beer!
thanks for the great update:)
Looks like Bynum decided to wear his big boy pants to work tonight. for once. that's nice.
It's friday BITCHES!!!!!!
starving daughters, no more parachutes, ghost montrose at ash street sunday 4/17/11
#myweakness is your breath cuz its killing me
I wonder if Ryan Seacrest has stopped orgasaming yet....
really sucks to see my friends getting into heroin.
KRISTEN IS STRIPING
no doubt. see you there homie. cant wait
Funny coincidence, just looking thru this month's Cooking Light & they have recipe for mango margarita. *adds to grocery list*
Thank you to all and to all a good night!
I dont like u at all
ROTFL lol I know that my b ,
Laying on the Jolly Island bridge, star gazing.
Best co-worker people ever!
omg seriously!!!
Last night was amazing(: Got to meet ,thanks for the hug(; talked for a few until he had to leave ): but it was nice(:
be safe!!
Haha. Yeah yes. Girl you know ;)
yes, mr. spiderman watching
Big ND recruit pickups with 4 star O-lineman Hunter Bivin and QB competition with 4 star Malik Zaire!!! keep it up boys!!!!!
After all is said and done, looks like all the incumbents will be returning to city hall. I'm sure reformers wished otherwise.
Working at this place is giving me party experience; I can't wait to plan b-day parties for my kids.
that movie is awesome
Watching super bowl halftime show. It's definitely much better than last years' show.
A: drag along kicking but also show that we save $ which can buy other resources
I had huge cleanout before moving continent. Gave away to friends, former students, charity, & even scraps for patchwork.
Considering the %s, I'm fairly certain, but not positive...
Haha! Well we look forward to seeing them, and you, soon. Let us know if we can do anything for you.
Hope that North Korea leader went to hell. What he did to the North Koreans was wrong.
Happy birthday to Jules Verne!
I get to see my boy Benny on thursday!...oh and and
jus ate a fatt ass bowl of frosted flakes #DAYUMM!!
sup, it's just after 11pm, twenty past...
Yes- sometime. wouldn't that be so nice: "Sometimes the girl that's been there for everyone else needs someone there for her.""
I swear people in Arizona will hop on any new artist regardless if they make good music or not Smh.
One cannot keep peace longer than his neighbour will let him. - German Proverb
. Dude, your issue with mustaches obviously has nothing to do with golf. That's your problem.
"If you think that you have me all figured out Well you're wrong (Well you're wrong) ...I'm addicted to when you're gone (you're gone)."
personally, great. Enjoying being on Council( most days). Even more appreciative of your service now Frank.
It's a sausage fest at Lucky Strike. You've been warned
Agreed. Get inspired.
#3day About to start 3rd day for Susan G Komen in memory of my sister Hayley. Donate for a cure today!
LJ is down. Lame.
The notifications tab > I just slide it down, read the text, and then I choose to ignore it %99 of the time w/o even switching apps! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> LOL
looks cool :)
In traffic wit <U+270C>
haha, alright.. sounds good. Now just get your butt back to lex!!
im a musician looking for music lovers
Ben Buss tonight performing live at Belmont. Come visit and enjoy great cocktails and entertainment
observation: appears that very few GOP reps from greater MN will vote 'nay' on the Vikings bill
Today SCP and GB Magazine are hosting a full day of shopping, pampering, fashion show, & lunch at Saks Fifth Avenue to benefit Fundacion Luz
Larry Harlow at Yoshis this wknd, Friday Jellys with many stars then Campbell Big Band+BBQ on Sat with www.ljye.com.
Beans, lentils, and peas are a mix of very lean protein and starchy carbs
All she needed was a little exposure lol
My heart is so heavy.
where is my bro
Got my Mother's Day gifts early this morning. Drawings, homemade cards, love note and 3 pieces of candy. THIS is what it's about.
Kristin Scott Thomas stars in "The Woman in the Fifth," starting soon at #CIFF (9:20 screening). Have always loved KST.
A cockroach will live nine days without its head before it starves to death.
#DanceMomsMiami!!! Get it trending for ! !!!!!!! Follow me mr.victor?
Dissonance precedes resolve.
Tonight DJ Kiprawk!!! Gonna be a crazy night!!
it was the hunger games! Saving avengers for Christmas.
way to plan ahead w/the sanitizer! Sadly, wasn't at the game but was at ESPN Zone across the street! 2nd best place to be!
Im good
I'm sick this day is gonna suck!
Not dead, just busy. Happy May Day to all.
Crazy morning of pt's topped off by a guy that was normal last Mon & today had 2 corneal FB's and a random heme over the nerve in that eye!
We are freaking out Ted
Im still looking for that autographed water bottle!
Neo-liberalism & shrinking support for ed has also meant that we are comfortable exploiting adjuncts. Awful wages, no benefits
Coppell was the number one team to watch for in the Dallas morning news..
Just got the first 5000 Zombie Crawl and Organ Trail flyers back from the printer. If you want to help pass them out, hit me up!
~ When people don't know how special the word 'always' is -.-
show it.
Life is a game, if you are not careful you will lose it.
Man, it's Friday and I'm at work...
is everyone else sick??? it kinda seems like it
give me 5 years and maybe lol but right now all these $15,000 are just too much! I'll get there
They just opened a Mellow Mushroom in Portland, and I've been eager to try their pies.
Say dat Brah RT It's ok haters keep hating and we'll keep winning
Thank you
same I'm just hanging out with my cousin
Are you an experienced game #developer that wants to work on A Titles? Let #VonChurch help you find that next job
oh & the light shows, breath-takingly beautiful ;)
I refuse to star in your psychodrama.
nice hardware!!!
I got -3 on my first algebra test since 8th grade!! Yay!! We made that test our bitch
Going to my brothers deb on Saturday night! What am I gonna wear ?!
Jordy is in hallowed vicinities...Flynn is as good as gone
Haha, well good luck. i'm going to try like everyday.
Thanks so much for the RT! Cheers, Conor
"My thong's showin but its cool, my shoes go wit it." Oh Remy Ma we love you.
Open mics are all the same:"And now I will shock you by saying a word you never heard in the Navy." ~Don
sure lol I haven't been on in forever though haha
FBCD money money money
should do a song with !
Is it your birthday?
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!100
Heading to the gym, so I can be healthy and such XD
Thirsty? Tired? Hungry for networking? Join your #ogi social network at Clyde's in Gallery Place for happy hour when Town Hall concludes.
they come in packs a million to one, an the odds wer stacked like a tite and loaded gun, they wil tear us to peices a shattered rememberance
Bed here I come
i know bro my hands tied. All i can do is keep makin these bangers while Im stuck here
Friday and Saturday are break days, but new video today! Shaving my legs..
#GrandpaFred from the looks of that they turn into butterflies.
in the process of unsubscribing from many e-mail lists, it's interesting to notice many different #ux & #ui experiences to do it
thanks but I dint think so
You wanna know who is up there with demi on my "Powerful vocal" list? Ariana Grande. Seriously..her voice is beautiful & strong.
I would officially would like to change my middle name to WaitForIt. Roswell WaitForIt Encina
Gearing up for our show tonight at Imua Lounge in Honolulu, HI! If u haven't heard us live yet, you don't know what you're missing!
I never thought I'd feel the sting of closing. As an employe, and a customer, I'm deeply sad.
I think you don't have enough black in that pic :p
What a cool/yummy idea! RT Join & for an historian's tour through L.A. NOIRE at #free Archives Bazaar.
it was great! This one was also hosted by Jeff Mallach. An overview of the sport and lots of insight (and jokes)!
#nation #OCCUPY We need you to tweet #wiunion this weekend. Keep #Earth informed. #Egypt Thank you all for working for a better democracy.
NYT today: Growing achievement gap due to wealthy parents investing more money than ever before in their kids' out-of-school activities.
Omg yes it's all almost over
Just chocked down the worse dinner in my life it was burnt and nasty but i gotta be nice.....ewww its sucked.
Don’t look for the boy who can be the best boyfriend, look for the boy who can be your best friend.
I'd go nuts for it too!
tEAM fOLLOW bACK i HAVE aLREADY FOLLOWED YOU
Blake tried to flop and lost the ball. Probably gets that call if he can
And I just got a call from two of my nieces and nephews singing Ke$ha. Nothing better
Listening to the score of The Avengers because clearly I am a big old Nerd, and it's really good.
Maybe that means you are a good luck charm :)
Happy Birthday
I LOVE YOU SO
I know how to save money...how else did I get some of my shit I needed? I just prioritize things that's all
just pretending to work. How did the test go the other day?
Consumer interaction is fueled by technology
« Text back quick and i'll love you #simple»
Gotta love that bad karma!
Damn that's crazy i never would of thought I would b workin on 34th doin something positive
Can't trust for the record
sorry but Dante took them to use at school.
when I was in Milwaukee I saw the same thing happening, but it was 30 degrees so I said YIKES poor bride must be cold!!
thanks to for such an enjoyable interview! :)
Shout to Butch Vig
Did anyone miss me while I was...resting?(;
And now that I've shot my twitter-wad for 2012, I'm going to go write.
I guess Thibodeau's out for coach of the year... Vogel!
I'm super sensitive to caffeine so #crazyideas are all over the place!
"4Shore" from the 'groups' catagory is the new "Boys II Men"
#welcomehome hibernation ale by Great Divide
I'm heading down this road right now. Think we'd wear a similar size? I'm 6'2/medium/40/~16.5.
To all of you in my life that encourage me daily with your support and love... Thank you!!!
Congrats man!
Thanks for the pointer!
it's good news...he's an ok qb in a pro system...as long as we rely on the run and smashmouth football we'll be fine
Want the "skinny" on children's museums? "Like" us on Facebook. Type in Association of Children's Museums.
Esmé's not on birth control.
I feel presurred by the dude i love :(
no u don't flop in crunch time
Anything by Isabel Hickey
tell Matt to make a tweeter so i can say hateful things to him for the world to see. please and thank you.
What was the other movie?
Where do you stand on the use of alcohol or other substances to aid your writing?
Man why cant i sleep longer!!!!!!!!
we know a retractable roof is out of the? How about a whole lotta skylights.
ESPN now televises competitive lunging? Okay....
Come to ETC9 PGA Fall Expo and see how Jack Nicklaus gained 5+ mph using the Powerchute Golf Swing Trainer.
we should chill after break! :)
Will you ever follow me? <3 x8
Black Veil Brides Lyrics have special meaning to me, they’ve helped me get through some very tough times in my life.
Will be remarkable if we can pull this thing off without any money... the suspense in that alone makes it all so invigorating.
Things seen on the T: a cute hipster hair rosette made from a zipper. A gaggle of college women decked out in steampunk garb.
thanks Amanda! Looking forward to unveiling the goods for you in the coming weeks!
Watching malibu's most wanted with my love <3 (':!!!!
The leaves are --- "Blowin' in The Breeze...!"
To the young man on the street who told me to "strut": I appreciate your support, but I don't take advice on my walking style from strangers
You can find policy that is positive for Israel, without being anti-muslim, but not with or
Was Diane Keaton drunk? That interview with was really unusual.
or the diet coke I ordered at red robin
Such a neat event & for a great cause! Good luck, raise a lot of $$ for the Timberwolves Fastbreak Foundation!
This basketball wives are lame!! Fuck you tami !! You aint nobody !! Im over this stupid hoes
what is this iPad you speak of? Never heard of it.
Thanks for the follow. Like your vlog. How r u today
:) RT : We love that u love vegetarians-and dogs! Saw a pooch on the patio looking happier than her human parents
#pizzanight. Order a pie tonight! We deliver
Tonight at 10PM...tune in to 89X The Only New Rock Alternative and listen for Bear Lake!
integrating sifteo cubes in the classroom to talk about digital poetry! well done and so creative! i feel inspired!
Dont fear of getting your heartbroken , be prepared , <3
I miss you more ate!!!
::cough cough:: like the GIANTS?
Lazy day in bed :)
Hi. My names charlotte and I'm apart of San Diego's Finest<U+2600>.
hm watch out now!!! Hope ur night is going well sweety:)
I didn't buy a lottery ticket. I am such a rebel.
k thanks
So someone on OKCupid is asking me if I'm an "alpha girl." I'm not totally sure what that means, though. Thoughts?
Great to connect with a fellow Colorado Springs local! :-)
I don't like how long you gotta be there. I don't like the music. I don't like sitting in those uncomfortable ass pews.
Holy Wind Gusts, Batman!
Whats good man,Do you have a contact for production?
Beckett u need to just #TellHimYouLoveHim ....now!
Psychology or nursing as majors... Which one to pick idk:/
true and there are worse
At el Torito with the family :)
how long is it to get into the city from Newark? Seems like it'd be forever
What happened to Tori Gurley's account?
thx for the follow...I'm assuming from...the enlightened place?? I'll take it.
It's a sad day, we are implementing pussy ball tactics out of desperation. Where's my vagisil?
I make that trip about at least 3 times a week during basketball season. It's not that bad. :)
Follow Friday Plase
I love you your music ur style your voice your tweets I love ur mix tape I just <3 u follow ? :)
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Do you have a media wish list? What does your target market watch, read, and listen to?
Why is it that every 5th starter blanks the Padres hitters? 1 hit off Worley? WTF?
Congrats, lady! Hey, what did you study for undergrad?
IT MEANS NOTHING.
“: The most life-destroying word of all is the word tomorrow. ~ Robert Kiyosaki”
Oh my gawd! My feet are killing me. D:
Nice I like very much
wow tomorrow is christmas eve
it is not my fault, you like what you like
How sweet. DM me your email if you don't mind. Thank you.
I never knew I could love a torque wrench so much. Measure in love, and Newton meters.
#Cards at their best when on the wing and Siva on the pine. Past ups are causing his current downs! Hard 2 watch some
i would love to play bbal with you..but i dont know if you can handel defeat;)
Thx for tweeting me:)
I did, but having a hard time picking a favorite.
RT : allergies are kicking my ass
Mine does, too... About 5:00am.
#FF Thanks for the mention!
REPEAT EMERGENCY MSG TO PROPERTY OWNERS: Thermostat 55-60° is ok. For every sink OPEN cabinet doors for heat to pipes & DRIP hot/cold water.
of course...the dirtier the better.
Hair in the City is open for business at Magnolia Day Spa. Call for a New Year's Eve makeover to ring in the new year. www.hairinthecity.me
Don't let the door hit ya. Rowan.
Wish I could follow my wallet...
Q1 Mobiles prevail, but I still have kids using our library phone to call home. C'mon.
Armwood Editorial And Opinion Blog: msnbc tv: Romney too afraid ...
Cargo door blew open at 30k feet on our plane so back at terminal F. I hate terminal F.
Yeah sure, and we'll diss ourselves with you. Seriously We can discuss the details >
okay, well, anyways, in the past week, I almost met Alli, & saw Cody in concert. OMG, HE'S SO GOOD LIVE <U+2665>
you mean like broadcasted on albany student television?
dang up pretty early for some reason
Having fun in Charleston being the life of the party with and mersadeas
8 hours on set of mc and absolutely none to eat or drink, this is insaine people!!!
my feet are aching from work... :/
U just came from practice?
it is by caffeine alone that I set my mind in motion.
"There are only 2 reasons why people can hurt you. 1. You really care about them 2. They don't care about you"
yeah all good. Bloody perfect weather here right now.
2 #hospital At 3:30pm room at ICU was available but wife was told there is no nurse to take care of the patient. Con't
It's flip-flop season. Spare your professional image and resist the urge to wear them at work. And walk carefully.
James Harden sealed the deal for OKC, and sent the champs packing. He had himself a game tonight!
yaaaay! My Mom didn't see it. She was pretty bummed. Told her it will air again.
RIP Dick Clark.
If anyone wants to give me their sweatshirt I wouldn't be mad. #freezingcold #helpme <U+26C4>
No way they even have the same ace cheer. Ah ace, woosh. Stop this
For my 100th tweet I will reveal who I really am wearing nothing but a tube sock. Shit I miscounted, guess you'll have to wait till 200.
Exams are gonna be the death of me...
Have you been there? It's pretty cozy inside.
More from osu lacrosse announcer, "its my first time in a skinny tie.".
I still wish that the cast of WOWP would surprise us with a new movie this summer.
its OK Bingy, I forgive you...
Super excited to start shopping for Secret Santa 2.0. Thanks for coordinating!
1980s - tequila rises in US, following rise of Mexican food. 75% of all tequila produced is exported!
cute clothes!:)
All i want for my birthday is that win! And maybe some birthday love from my fav player ??
I think it's implied
Pls don't ask if I want to read the article's mobile version when you know I am using a mobile device. Just provide the mobile version.
been getting a lot of messages from new and upcoming bands :) idk how its happening, but I love this. keep em' coming.
Follow along a month long journey to 's launch!
Go ahead if you want to
#Lakers’ Hill charged in alleged choking incident
Hah! Now you've got me going down the rabbit hole of 's blog :-)
hahaah and oh my... Why?!
just got #silversky, great work fellas! Love the album!
i dont know what the hell you are talking about
Happy Saint Patricks Day! I'm celebrating w Irish trad music, corn beef & cabbage and a trip to the Broken Spoke in Austin, TX
Mac City
I don't feel like myself when I'm not with <3
First two questions when invited to a bonfire: "What type of beer should I bring? And, can I bring my own Axe?"
I need a waterproof notetaker since it seems I only have brilliant ideas while in the shower, and upon finishing I promptly forget.
I have strep throat. Honest. RT Bro....Delmon Young and Alex Avila? Are you even trying out there?
Liked your video! great promo.
so close
RT : Want tix to THE WEEKND tonite ? Tell us how much you love The Weeknd and include
Hi Lisa, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
I NEED YA BOO! plz follow me back!!!<3 love you
Dave, please watch the last 2 mins of the link I just sent you!
Paradise products soy massage candles are officially on sale at Rethreads. What? Yes!
hey guys cc:
Hello New York City!
words to live by Jeanne...thank you, well-written
Don't let America's "states" bother you. They're technically provinces. The US itself is a "Nation State."
Honestly while this hurts at least OKC gave us a clean kill....Katniss Everdeen would do the same.
Oh wait. One of my first comments has 138 karma. Nevermind XD
Had a great meeting with today about some very exciting potential projects for this year. :-)
on healthcare-"It's not about access anymore but abt how to pay providers for outcomes." Extendable to #highered?
congrats! My friend is interning for them too. Where is yours?
If u fucks wit me follow its my new twitter..I don't fuck wit dis 1 dat much..
Keep your wood color consistent throughout – off-color items or areas can be O.K. as “features”.
It's quite telling how wives & angry women are torpedoing the GOP contenders...I'm sure Michelle Obama is loving this!
exact thought. Wife is a smoke tho RT : Mayweather is fighting Pitbull tonight?!?
OMG you're in CHICAGO! Dream come true! ;D
RT : Seriously considering a #neatdesk scanner to get rid of paper receipts and get organized. Love it or leave it?
Hillshire Farm is putting out some weird commercials...what's up with their ad strategy?
So I get home from Guatemala tonight. Who's coming over to help I move on Sunday?
I feel so sorry for the Swiss! Bet the banks will open her with open & deep pockets. Such a hypocrite!
Did that bitch just say that? +.O
1 Avery St Unit 33A - carpets for bedrooms
PHX won in OT, but Hossa got hurt on a very dirty play by Torres.
awesome, thanks very much!
$30 for a dozen Hubig's Pies (shipping included) Apple, Lemon, Peach, Pineapple, Coconut, Chocolate & Banana! ORDER TODAY @ WWW.HUBIGS.COM
I need a sandwich...
for some great South African recipes be sure to follow " After Party Chefs "
ADD LAFAYETTE DOTSON AS A FRIEND IF YOU WANNA LISTEN TO HIS HOT MUSIC,,HE WILL ALSO PROMOTE YOUR MUSIC FOR FREE..SUPPORT
you can edit your team up until the first game on Thursday. After that your teams are locked. So if a players team is eliminated
I just want to be on a plane. Headed anywhere. <U+2708>
#2wordsasianpeoplefear You Failed.
I miss my mom at least she'll be back tomorrow
Maui Mall is turning 40 this year! Look for lots of prize giveaways and great entertainment in December!
You should have got a email:P
- it is absurd that Google Groups doesn't have a real calendar option. They really can't figure out how to embed a calendar into groups?
Man I had to take a long ass mf nap I was bout tired as hell in this bitch
Got what? RT : Got it.
U of L played a hell of a game for real tho. I was shocked to see them on that side of the bracket anyways!
Last night I found out the correct word for a bull fighter is a matador...pointless facts
LAST CHANCE: Pete MCutchen's photography show "Tracks" closes at the end of March! Come by to enjoy his vibrant, colorful prints!
I appreciate it.
Had to get some new hooping shoes..size 16 are hard to find makes it easier for cats like me..who's ready to get dunked on!
no prob! big congrats, you guys are doing a great job!
ford fiesta - that's my ride. you're right to wish for it! ;-)
m. You'll be a sexy stud in no time :)
I don't like it when girls have long nails.. :(
Lol you know me! haha! We have a bunch!
Fuck boys and how stupidly impossible they are to shop for....
The deadline for entry's in June 13th.
just when I thought I had seen it all at UC. Go trip him lol
Where my nigga kev at.........got something lined up
Morning greetings doesn’t only mean saying Good Morning, it has a silent message saying: I remember you when I wake up!
I just took a BS test.
#SpecialShout & all military wives/moms of the brave soldiers who protect our freedoms.
Is it December 13th yet? I need to graduate and get out of college asap.
I could be in for this. Love me some Mamadou! What time?
Never let success get to your head and never let failure get to your heart.
Can someone explain to me how TV show recapping has any value whatsoever?
Mancini comes across as one with the least IQ of all the managers.
sextip, put her legs on your shoulders while she's on her back and POUND IT. She'll love that
what type of ideas stand out?
RT : we demand sports AND professional BOTH don't split the streams.|Yipes a directive from Tocqueville.Must be a Packer fan.
what great friends i have, tell me they will call me later so we can hang but 3 hours later and here i am sitting at home on twitter &tumblr
and the one thing that pisses me off more than ANYTHING is someone even threatening a woman with violence.
Got loud after Truth 3 ": Celtics fans here are feeling it. Feels like a high school games between local rivals in the stands."
Is the LoganZone back on the air with a regular timeslot?
walk in to a room, change the song, leave the room
This wins the best juxtaposition of the week award. Brilliant.
“: I feel like I just watched Bradshaw chose between the red pill and the blue pill and super slo-mo.”
tried to visit you link but not working properly
"I feel God" this song always puts me on a great mood!
ima prob just head over today after school
Is the game on yet?.
shout out to Nichole for rockin with the Brass-A-Holics @ the Blue Nile...welcome to the B-A-H Nation!!!
One nation under Joseph Smith. Mitt 2012
thanks man!
#sschat #edchat Ready to develop some awesome ideas I've gathered this week for my classes but sad to see Spring Break come to an end.
My doormat is wittier.
Happy Birthday Coach Alex :-)
"Every soul comes with a CarFax." -Houston Texans RB Arian Foster, on how he knows about his past lives.
There is nothing good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
RT : Diamonds are formed under pressure. Rather than resist - remember you are priceless - and show your sparkle!
Also: son quietly acknowledged me at Career Day, so that's something.
What goes around comes back around .
“ #Geminis are so easily irritated.”
Um who is @/J1981A2432
Miss America 2012 Beyonce who run the world is a famous song I remember years ago they didn't Even play hip hop
Fell asleep in Art History again!
Enjoying a beautiful afternoon at Barefoot. Beach.
Some of our staff are heading to today to help repackage and distribute food. Looking forward to lending a hand!
using PubMed after almost one year. feels strange; it has changed quite a bit too. does anyone have a quick tutorial?
Hey! Thanks to your columns, I invested in some home gym gear.
Going to send my mom her stuff n my sis her stuff to one is shipped to texas n the other is to california. I hopes it gets their by tues (:
Distance is not measured in miles but in affection. Two people can be right next to each other yet miles apart
Whyy Get In A Relationship If Your Just Gonna Cheat!!?
how long are you in NYC? I'm in tonight & Mon...would love to see you!!
The Milwaukee Bucks even have fans show up. That team is gawdawful. My God, the Heat need new fans.
The Follow The Leaders tape is dope
was he drinkn or no
A smokey eye and pink lip never fails!
How is Kat doing on the cruise by the way?!
Hello Monday please give me the strength to not cop an assault charge today.
You do realize there Hou that I just called you a 'lady', no?!? Like I said...
But good news, right?
Today was perfect<3
Was this the last version left for your set to be complete?
Looking in the mirror only allows one to correct external flaws, the key to correcting what's inside is looking to the creator. Chás This...
If I were owned a porn company. My slogan would read "No one ever pays me in Cum....."
thank yoou, very much. I felt so bad, because tess was in the car & we got hit at the same time on both sides..
If ur still chasing after a nigga money u still don't have a clue honey!!!
They need to change the name, add brand new logo, develop more edgy, modern campaigns, and partner with a big retailer to debut newness.
Just a lot of cheesy zombie, alien, sasquatch type displays. It was a tiny little museum/gift shop.
AH! I can not explain so AMAZING you are!! I love you!! Your the best! Please notice that I've met you at California's AVP
Aside from recording and rehearsing at ModlHome, I can also come to you to provide a sound system for your next live event, concert, etc.
What's a referral group? You own your category so there is no competition. We are a tight-knit group w/ strong networks. Let's talk!
They wouldn't - it was just such a great venue. Ppl are now too attracted to shiny and new. Video screens over history.
LIFE AQUATIC and DARJEELING LIMITED have grown on me over time. When I first saw them I just wasn't bothered. I now think they're damn good.
Julia made me try Kombucha for the first time today. I'm hooked.
So did we! MT : Had an amazing evening big bold benefit hearing and give amazing pitches!
going to bed son.
If I had a magic wand...
Just livin' the dream! Have a great day everyone. <3
Looks like Manning to Mile High RT : Sources: The have been informed that Peyton Manning will not sign with them
did anyone else used to watch the surgery channel for fun?
Everyone's Telling Me That Selena Gomez && Justin Bieber Broke Up :O Did They?
that movie kicks ass!
I want to make my designs a reality.
These people go from one extreme to the next - gives me a headache.
"The earth is the LORD's, and the fulness thereof; the world, and those who dwell therein."~Psalm 24:1
Hells yes!! I support bi sexual women.. There is nothing wrong wit it. #Waves at all bi sexual women
Not going to NYG
Are you really going 40 in a 55?
a more accurate statement would have been: of course i was sm'ing, what are the odds of me enjoying someone else's misfortune.
where are you? you need to get in front of the camera!
Meeting TONIGHT! New members are always welcome!! Meet with us at 6:30 in BH 233!! Can't wait to see you there!
love you all <3
We can't wait 4U to meet from Rupaul's Drag Race at our event SD! www.exhibitambush.com
Feeling so inspired tonight! Thank you to #MissyElliott, , and
They say the inability to except a loss is a moment of insanity...
Wind, can you please blow me away to someplace less windy?
Let me make sure I understand #birdingthenet scoring: It doesn't matter what place you are for #33, it only matters who gets #34 first, yes?
Thank You Wendy! See u Monday! RT : Miss ur face. #CanItBeMondayAlready?!
What's up, buddy? Long way since the days of D&L Window Tinting at Hamilton! Hope all is well with you, too.
Time for bed! We shall continue these shinanigans at a later time...unless I can't fall asleep. lol
BRB,BUYING ALL THE COPIES.
Great to hear! RT : Got me the best $5 haircut I've had in years at today.
Closer closer I need to closer to you
says Attitude, ability, action- the formula for building your #personal brand.
Thanks to my friends' Facebook posts, the only part of the Oscars I feel I truly missed was Melissa Leo's F-bomb. You go, girl.
Making a list of women pioneers in technology and media. Already have Lovelace, Hopper, Oprah. Throw me some names...
&& i decided you look well on me.
Memento Mori closes this Sunday, May 6th. Come on by for a visit before then.
RT : #PABudget: SSHE: The state's 14 universities will receive a total of $232 Million -- a 53% reduction in state funding.
I got on fb, i went outside, i played games, ect.
I love you katy perry
ur welcome ketchup
is hosting our #FilmFestival after party this evening! Drop by at 10PM!
ooh ok..yea that's how mine are just sometimes when it dries it gets puffy not curled
Prob what gave him the stroke. MT : At least Maurice Sendak lived long enuf to see his book turned into a horrendous movie.
An undeniable, and unfortunate, fact: an attractive university website does not mean an attractive university library website.
we end next week actually! I ll just be hanging out in baton rouge for a little!
I just got to quote the Bible. My work here is done.
I am open hearted but too trouble minded
Made some raw almond milk. Very easy to make, cheap and much much tastier than the packaged one. Left over pulp I used for "cheese" spread.
People at #pcpgh6 kept telling me to contact you a/b our first ever "National LearnIt" this Wed. Want more info?
It's friday the 13th! xD
yea it does. :) I think I'm gonna have to go to sleep soon
If you have 180k+ followers and you make a joke that gets less than 5 RT's, you should probably give up for the night.
i will make one soon lol
Well? Well? What was it?
good looking.
don't be
": Happy thanksgiving I hope all is well out there." Happy thanksgiving to you and yours.
no how could glee end like that? :(
doing well! How bout u!? Long time no see!
thinks it's sad when some family members are nothing more than strangers with the same blood line.
you are my hero... way to venture out of the comfort zone. Kumquat Marmalade win?! see you tomorrow ;)
yep hahahah. Best lunch table ever.
Pot shouldn't be illegal, but air dusted should:P
Well, well, well...you can never tell.
Thank's 4 the invite but I'm moving to NY on Thursday...have a great time tho & Happy Early B-day!!!! :)
For some reason I just want to curl up in a blanket And watch a ton of my favorite movies
OMG!! I bought a card to send. Envelope says "extra postage required." Just TRY to find out how much on the USPS web site.
Do you feel sick yet? No thank God. You could still be in the incubation period. -
yeah thats true it's restarted that we had to do that
I go home monday! and I straightened my hair and uhm...idk what else
As a strong counterpoint to that last thought are the three people who've stopped to see if I have help on the way!
hey Sydney!
Well Thankyou very much! Its shipping out for you today! Youre gonna love it!
Happy Anniversary TEXAS !!!
RT : introduced XR Trading to excited that thru XR Cares they'll volunteer time to conduct mock interviews!
FINALLY had the meeting that could change my life TODAY...
no way! Great organization to work for. #TUinDC doing big things!
Of course! You were great. Nice to see a fellow #SMPP -er on my TV screen.
I don't want this soup, but i feel like I must eat it. aha
I'm sorry to anyone I've hurt anyone I've annoyed or anyone who hates me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093> I really am x
And if you ever need minor league info, is the only place!
Does that sound like something that should be used as the starting point for someone's CS education?
Good luck on your ride this weekend from OC to Bmore. My friend is doing it too.
Well, yes. That would make *me* scream, most certainly.
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx BRYAN PITTS
doing homes. In the crawl space we had to build floating devices to work on, to much rain water made it impossible to crawl
dear journal, your RSS feed containing one item is not useful to me.
- Thanks for following! Cooking and reading - two of my favorite pastimes!
Late nights. Early mornings.
Mid-century is hott right now! Hopefully next time we will be able to help out. Thanks for the mention!
why don't you go to sleep?
Our solution delivers a flawless tan, with perfect mahogany color, for ALL skin types. Never looking fake!
daily #dressage tip: do your trot work to desmond dekker's 'it mek', 'music like dirt' and 'the israelites'. gets the back swinging nicely
yep a couple near Indianapolis another in Kansas City. We were only able to move one to WI. SpeadingOut across Midwest
he thinks ur full of crap! He says his breath smells fabulous.
2nite my identity will finally b revealed! Its been a great time tweeting with you all! Reveal your tweet side so everyone knows who you are
In states that "non-compete" clauses don't hold up, I have been seeing around a 10 percentage point discount for the valuation of Goodwill.
It's #BikeToWorkWeek. Are you braving the traffic on your bike?
Maybe the point is: does anyone have use for ineffective teachers:
If you confuse 'then' and 'than', you're basic as shit.
some new music would be about the only thing that could make this day better!
“: Pretty sure all of #NASCAR is cheering for Bubba right now.” :)
Pittsburgh is a ton of fun!
Merry Christmas.
Yay Rhonda! Thank you for coming to NYC. Killing it at Santo's.
Many thanks It's tech week, and opening this weekend and I can't wait to use this for the performance.
Stranding the PITCHER after he leads off with a double is just brutal. More likely than not to cost them later.
The guy next to me at the bar has a Strong Bad shirt on. His girlfriend is one lucky girl!
Had to leave the room while the BF was watching.
Some guys tweet some corny lovey dovey shit just to get girls' attention. Dude it's twitter, you're still not gonna get it in.
most lovely word I read all year, "poetesses". Enjoying the book!
So ready to be back in ny #nineonefour hurrr I come
Bad ass!
So ready to drop
Why is #brightmoor in #Detroit blowing up my feed? Seriously, that hood barely has running water, let alone the twitters!
Ppl keep scarin me sayin my bday is gonna be a night to remember
I held a turtle today. :-)
I know its hard not to amazing voice, music, giving man, and of course sexy lol
Never knew about "Romy & Michelle: In the Beginning" from 2004, with Katherine Heigl...
follow me boo
#fridayreads Reading 2666 this weekend. Doubt I'll be finished by Sunday night.
what up gurl
lol sorry c u wen u get home
still calling!
We got out of our NFLX trade at just the right time. NFLX falls hard today. Put options the only way to make $$
If they paid $135., they are getting into BEA but not as PRESS. If they applied as PRESS it is separate issue.
Just saw a guy riding in a boat wearing a captain hat/jacket with no shirt.
its all about Great Records
That's not because he wasn't capable ": Not going to lie, a little surprised about the thriving FA market for Eddie Royal... "
of course all the good things happen at school when im not there
An institution's history (as EU's will convey in such a case study) evolves but must be disseminated, digitally anymore, so truer forms...
RT : Reduce your carbon foot print by remembering to use your thermal mugs for #coffee & waterbottles for
of course we are! :D
enjoyin your posts today!! +espec the 1-2-3 post, rooting for that #GreenJacket look on ya when u see your wife, babyboy Praise
cool, keep me posted... Jump on that 2k later
Really good question. I would seriously consider withdrawing from consideration if I was asked for my Facebook password.
The waste of money cures itself, for soon there is no more to waste
Oil will always be so incredibly sensual.
should it matter nicholette is just one of the boyz sister john IS one of the boyz
well she was trying to open my door! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Win or lose, delivered one of best lines in reality TV ever: "Go back to Party City where you belong."
3 times tonight! Can't wait! You'll always be my american idol
tie my handle bars to the stars so I stay on track.
haven't Been here for long, and headed back to Philly in a few hours. Any tips for where I should go?
Ahh random cramp!!
UK One Direction > US One Direction. <U+2764>
Love is like a baseball game 3 strikes and you're... OUT!
Great article! We're thrilled to be the first faculty at Khan Academy with Sal!
90 minutes until it gets real raw at Trivia style.
So true!
... in the mood for love,.. but steerin clear of situations where jealous tempers flare up,.. especially because we're attached.
Since I've been watching a shit-ton of Hoarders lately...I've been tempted to walk around my neighborhood and do some investigating.
you got it!
Where can I buy Don Lee Farms Veggie Patties in Las Vegas, NV ... Costco does not carry them in Las Vegas
?? cut into my fav show #jeopardy to announce barely won his home state MI? #IdontCare!!
PrivateSoiree::View Blog
Hey :) you're Oz equivalent ?
There is no such thing as ugliness. Everyone can be beautiful in their own way. (:
Jealousy makes a fake bitch talk shit .
Thanks for the RT! :)
I be slappin that #CashinOut out here in the Bay!!! Track goes hard!!!
It's a beautiful day on the bay. It smells like baseball!
Thanks for the shout buddy! Dubstep in a Mcdonalds? Way better than that crappy R&B Pop they played on their old commercials haha
Taking online training for work. Slide: A Smile Can Influence Attitude. Did this guy really say "no need to act like a knee slapping fool"?
what's good kousin?
I've decided to write something useful this time.
At Brett Michael concert in Sandwich I'll tonight at 8:00PM
cnt believe i jus turned that down and i miss you so bad..but im proud of myself..
Visiting Calvary Christian & Bishop Chatard next week for yVote! Looking forward to registering and preparing young ppl to vote.
At dinner with She just started rapping. Check, please!
Nothin but a bully
I went with Jolie hahaha. and she paid for me.
SO close! I need to feel better! I swear I've been sick forever.
Going to Sugar Hollow to cool off in a Blue Ridge stream
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!! 6
What is that? It doesn't even look like food.
oh, I know. I eat it with a spoon.
I hate that feeling when ur laying down with ur hair damped and ur hair just naturally has curls >.<
Problem w/Prop A isn't that its anti-union, its that it flies in the face of exactly what non-union supporters of the measure stand for...
MSB + Wasim = Transforming the world. The new world.
The key is the grill/press the bread! It's the only defense against liquid #cheese and #BBQ sauce.
Where do you think it is/ where do you think it should be held at?
i dont care if that bitch gotta gun, we are talking about my boyz here!
Frank Martin was a great coach for KSU. We'll miss him over here in the Big 12, but I'm sure he'll be great over there!
Still reeling from this. Love to Davis & MacPhail families today. #RIPTroyDavis RT Troy Davis Executed in Georgia dlvr.it/mbB6W
Really! *Intense staring competition*
some folks think that "telling off people" of other faiths is "ministry"...
Ipod took a dump this morning. Luckily I fixed it....I think
Passing through Kentucky.. Ready to be home.
This is Mark Zuckerberg (founder of FB) .<U+263B>. /¦\ .| |. How many thanks can he Get for such social network? 1LIKE = 1THANKS (:
Definitely not a
... and since we're bitching about #google #chrome with #Windows aero, btw ... its hard to tell which application has focus -
"Once in a while, RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF ORDINARY LIFE Love gives us a fairy tale.<U+2665>"
Scags app now has Scags at 7 and soon it will have Scags at 18. Living Books are the best thing yet. Download the app for free and see.
loves being the girl that has the lunch that everyone is jealous of! meatloaf sammy on wheat bagel, yogurt and fresh fruit salad
I don't care what you think of me. James Blunt thinks I'm beautiful.
While your Missin it, I'm kissin it
What fast food item would you never eat again?
Okay, for draw something with your sister I drew a glove. Lou's supposed to be wearing it but...
Have 2 model camps.coming up. Need stylists. i'm going 2 need your magical hair whipping hands on deck. Expect a call soon!
meatballs and ranch dressing, topped with pizza rolls. And cheese.
how does one parlay small victories into larger ones?
I think it would be a cute look!
I want to punch Bobby Valentine in the throat.
Happy New Year Everyone. Thanks for your support this past year! Very Much Appreciated!
Can Yu Clean The Mirror Before Yu Think About Takin A Bathroom Pic....
Thank you very much sir! RT
#MAWC2012 to all that are attending, have a wonderful time! We hope to go next year!
same here haha. Well ima go & try to get some sleep. You do the same (:
And we THANK YOU! Mega heartzzz
might as well tlkn to u via social networks cuz I can't get a convo off one
Happy Birthday Chris.....Twitter Is Jericho.....
The September 2010-2011 cohort's completion ceremony is underway in NYC.
I caught a bit of it. Sarcasm describes it well.
Talked about beer the whole period in government
A glimpse at my weekend plans:
thanks for stopping by! Congrats on the mayorship :-)
place u need to come to ny now
Singing for hailey : Me : I love you like a love song baby... Hailey: I WANNA FART !!
Thanks for spreading the word!
<U+FFFD>Search is about figuring out what people are looking for when they enter keywords into their favorite search engine
shifting analysis focus and submitting to a different journal.
YOU SHOULD COME
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Glide Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
Join us today at noon for the 2nd Annual Paige Haas Benefit with great food and live music! For info www.thescreaminggoat.com
AND we'll get right back to 70 to 80 afterwards! Ah....Spring Swing :)
Anthony Davis' unibrow is the real winner here
Thank you everyone for the support. Getting ready to do a new sound mix so there also might be a new trailer and a special announcement.
im really gonna miss u ann. Like ill go into day 6 free and start crying. You are great. And the only one who laughs at my jokes
means ur Twitter is hacked change ur password
The Avengers was an awesome movie! Captain America is one handsome fella.
getting that rehab in
thanks for the tweet, Steve!
I got it!! Love you more!
only a soft guy like yourself would think of such dumbness!
I guess here's a thing: if I've given you program or library advice multiple times without a thank you, I'm going to stop responding.
“: On our way to the Herberger Theatre to see 39 Steps!!! So excited!” We're glad you came to the show!
Hey Lindsey! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
I'm a dreamer<U+E328>
Use cash instead of credit cards.
Indiana got a lil nic squad
Hey Roomies, will be a re-run tonight. But you get to program it. Which Episode do you want to watch together!?
thx much, major surgery this afternoon
dime el nombre del hotel
I came home, thought of you and now here I am. Eating carrots!!!
Coming to downtown LexVegas tonight? Come see me at #Cheapside for a nice cold (or hot, if you're weird like that) adult beverage!
Uncompfortable and heel find openings devin will get frusterated and try too brawl and get caught by left hook and kod war madana!
“When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight.”...
#cantgoadaywithout beating a criminals ass! Lol!
"Aren't you going to tell me my email's popping up all over the screen?" "Your emails are..." "No, really? I had no idea." #teachers lol
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
From Pennsylvania location: We just started getting snow flurries!
gallo wants no part of the ball.
we have Papi u idiot. Last thing we need is an ancient, roided out idiot taking up a spot on the roster
Be careful, my Hollywood/Weho friends! This arson business is not so cool.
Gee Minor matchup. Ha..
Summertime grind.. Trips to #Miami, #Cali & #NewYork hope my team is ready to make some neccessary moves, Working with beneficial connects!
I'm still here in Manila. Let's watch tomorrow. :))
make a soufflé
I agree...it's pretty bad...
I'm so glad you guys are going to meet. You will loove each other, no doubt.
Who are the judges for this year's case competition?
Excuse me while I geek out that just followed me. Punk Planet was seriously an integral part of my intellectual development.
Am i the only one who puts sazon and lemon in my soup? *shrugs*
SNL's "What's up with that?" jingle has become our theme song for the week. Yay...
you are so welcome how's everything
Personally, I loved the cheeky and irreverent stuff. Your point of difference from ADWEEK, etc. FWIW.
#1156 I just freaking love your name! "I love Austin" :)
follow back please?
Is it really November? I'm driving with the windows down. Beautiful fall day!
Now go break a cascarone on his head RT : Happy Easter Babe ! I love you =*
How is everyone today?!
To err is human, to blame it on somebody else shows management potential.
“: Good Morning Everyone. Hope you have a great day!!! Happy Mother's Day.” good morning!!
Hill House is my favorite as well. I'd love to stay there overnight in the National Trust rooms.Wake up to that view of the firth.
I HATE STUDYING FOR SPANISH
It feels like everyone decided to put their important day on this date...
Houston Texans 2012 NFL Draft Notes and Quotes
I am. Just a stuffy nose. :)
A New Day Thats Wassup! I Am So Ready For Tulsa,OK!
someone should point out that people's dates are most likely able to ride bikes as well...
Every time I hear anything about Tom Cruise's new movie, I think, "Isn't that called ROCK OF LOVE?"
Im Out 4 Some Hours I Got A Life.#FreeBoosie.G.F.B. Damage Mode 414 If U Don't Like It Well #HoeGoHam.Its Problems Bitch.
in Charlotte.....do you think our family is in danger?
What time?
That I won't Ever change...... IM LIKE A BIRD
Had a rejuvenating quiet prayer and bible time this morning. This is the BEST way I have found to have peace, happiness, calm and clarity.
Go Adrian!! RBI time!
If it were not for food, what would we eat?
guest mix for Equalizer radio should be up on Friday if all goes well. new mashup will go up over the weekend
Feeling stressed! Time for a groupon get-aways break.
thanks Ed. Best.
...had an awesome interview on WKKX AM1600 on The Curse of the Red Cup.
Officially finished half a can of ginger ale. I hope that no one catches this from me because it sure is terrible.
WHAT IS IT? :O
Now there is Thursday night football! How is a sista supposed to get some QT?
who the HELL is asking if Moore will do anything other than start?
love the train wreck, but will you send to rehab for spousal abuse? admitting ur abused first step. Lol.
Woow your a bad girl cause you speak slang, it's like me saying I'm a smart child cause I can work out 2+2, get your fucking facts straight
well good thing you're testing a missile shield system. I heard the last test only missed by 137 feet.
All black
I'm great! Let's link up soon. I can show u around
I assume it's all prefaced, "So, if this jackass is to be believed..."
If my phone dies while im at the gym im gonna be very upset /:
happy birthday!
Going to see Zombieland today :)
Today's indispensable summertime affectation: blot dewy face with folded handkerchief. Repeat.
ha! Yes, things could be worse :)
which is why I don't understand why people are concerned about Paterno. He was an enabler! Doing nothing is doing something!
One of the worst mistakes you’ll make is walking away from the girl that stood there and waited for you.
Code Enforcement usually deals with that sort of thing. Depends on if you are in the city or county though.
AND play the Cowboys in the NFL season opener on Sept 5th! That's a WEDNESDAY by the way... #WNF vs.
Looking for that ______ ?
Today was awesome. I got cake in my hair and went bowling. I have an exciting life.
thank goodness some things are still simple. It keeps us alive and present.
Cheers to the freakin weekend!
Thanks for shouting out We're super excited about the product.
where u drinkin at cuz im tryna find where da party be at
marina and I would like an evite to ur party and to be friends
can you please follow back i need to DM you a question about some photos. Thanks
i have not been on twitter for a week becouse of spring break so good to be back
idgaf how many likes you got you're still ugly in my world. l0lz
is on #twitter #YAY!!!!
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is an old dude who is European or often travels to Europe. Pony tail optional.
when I m thinking of it Twitter could b a really good spot for call girls to make thousands of green paper! #imjustsaying I dnt hav a fone
I feel like shit
Paver Patio Installation Video from My Phone - patio pavers
Wanna Be On Top!?
Should have shorted BP when I heard about the spill. Making money off a corporations stupidity makes me feel good inside.
- thanks for following us!
guess i should just get this spanish homework done huh
Isn't she?! -RT : whoop whoop...Diana is awesome! Congrats to her again this year 4 the seafood cook off contest!
Going to bed happy, <3
Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances. -Benjamin Franklin
excited to learn more about you! Are you based in Seattle?
awesome day in Chicago lovin it
If you can't disprove a "Creator" is it so far fetched to believe that the "Creator" would have concern for it's creation?
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
Insula Primalis is a terrible place
#austinsyear is totally going to be amazing i have to meet him totally #determined !!!!!!!!!!
Cool. Now let's go out for some. I think I may have Yelped out a decent place nearby... you'll just have to come visit or something.
I Got Mixxed Up And Thought It Was Tommorow But Its Today Bro
- Marla, yourtwitter account has been hacked - I recommend you change your password immediately
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake. ~ Henry David Thoreau
your profile picture is disturbing lmao jkayy
He really gonna go say "Sydney With That FatAss Butt"
Trying to purchase a domain that was registered with netsol, hasn't become available months after expiring.
i think the Mitchell Airport! i know i'm 20 minutes away from them.my heart is racing cause i know they'll be here soon!
I wish everyone would stop talking about food. Just kidding. All this talk about food IS making me hungry though...
Just spent an hour and a half talking to one of my kids instead of studying. Definitely the right decision.
Either Courtney Upshaw-OLB-Bama', or Shea McClellin-OLB-Boise State. Both guys would be a great compliment to you.
HAD A GREAT TIME WITH MY HUSBAND MY FAMILY AND THE IN-LAW MY TE-TE I LOVE YALL SO MUCH!
Cloud via Canberra and Computer Power
Follow he gives love advice an is good when it comes to love an stuff please follow
They that they will always be there for you... But when you really need them, they aren't there
RT : Discount Double Check Voided
The mosquitos there are like little vampire birds, and I had their sweet sweet nectar.
Can't believe cohens only done 3 interviews out of character
Gonna miss ya twitter:(
lol. My sister said a couple people went to see part of it during sandwich shop! lol
Big bang theory
Are you a #startup CEO & raising funds? 5 minute fundraising survey gets u chance to win
we're leaving in 15 minutes, so I'd say 3 PM tops.
Digging us some cyber TV from down under!
wooh those Emoji cons show up on Twitter now? This could be the first sign of the apocolypse.
I love him unconditionally <3 ...
Good advice, any day. ": Take the other side of the argument today. See how well you understand what you're arguing against."
In permanent marker.
The protesters are back on the street. "We are the 99%."
Tom Brady, win or loose today. You still get Giselle Bundchen tonight after the game. So you win.
alistair is like ... lmao, i just love him.
I'm not sure which dictionary you use... the dictionary of opposites I guess?
they not gonna get you as dramatic tho.
The startling conclusion to Chapter One--two new pages today!
Kids asked why I was laughing hysterically. Told them abt 's pants falling off.They said "That's so WRONG" & "Ewww DISGUSTING!"
Yeah!!!! You could sell it at like, kid stores x) OR PARTY STORES. You'd be a millionare, in no time.
Naah everyone knows they wanna txt me :)
Several police arresting woman in Capitol Visitors Center who's screaming many things, urging everyone not to assassinate Paul Ryan
I agree. As an SLMS I would hesitate to send home an expensive equipment. How much classtime will give students access?
thats more than funny im stopping the cussing and such
You think Card's a jerk, or Ender?
Miss you!!
New faces leading the way for Vols - ESPN
Sometimes "you have to get out of your place" and make your voice heard when it comes to advocating for media access and telling our story.
- yep, sounds awesome!
Good choice! Anyone else vote Crimson? ": Joan Jett - Crimson and Clover."
we both know this #love is trending . <3
If you're a landlord interested in trying our product for FREE in exchange for feedback on the user experience, contact us. PLEASE ReTweet!
SapientNitro is featured as one of the the world's leading independent agencies 2012, published by Campaign and in association with thenetw…
Robert Pinsky giving keynote at #WFUD2012: "As to fair use, nobody knows what it means. It's an ambiguous evolving and devolving concept."
We are seeing an increase in note transactions at Halstead, is capable of researching these types of investment sales?
Enjoyed the wEekend! Can't wait for this one!
one of the best SME events Ive ever been to, great to see another title, the Country Club sports domination continues
Thank goodness its Sunday and I am off because I am STILL at work. LETS GO!
Wtf nicki Minaj that was an abomination... I wouldn't mess around with devil shit!!!!
You know, you can fool me once, you can fool me twice, but then you can only fool me a few more times till I start to catch on.
found my to-do list! but i don't wanna do any of it...
For reals. I designed it. Quetzalcoalt, God if war, AZTEC.
.nowhere outta came...days for pandora on it hearing been ive ?"!pizza !pizza" back bring just caesars little did um
thx for the #ff. Have a great weekend.
Mirna White believes in and supports partnership rights. She supports current legislation surrounding marriage equality.
PLEASE DO! I was actually just going to contact you about doing your piece AND I am going to Common Roots wish u were here!
RT : We've got our latest freebies in! Come get one at the viewing party tomorrow in the sdc 1310 at 7pm!!
Via "Good Collection development policies always leave an out for unwanted donated material" #libmade (GREAT point!)
what if you were paid with gum? Or chocolate? Or something equally as silly?
It was a great session and I picked up some great tips.
You guys should take the helicopter ride around the city!
Hooray! Just submitted final report for FY '10-'11 grant to Thanks for the continued support #OAC!
Why the Midwest is great for startups: Average lower wages = lower cost to start a team.
"Harry Potter" author JK Rowling writing adult novel
photo shoot for my new knitting book is coming up in 2 weeks.... shot by the fabulous jared flood, again.
You too? #freemoney!
I love it!!! Happy Sunday Funday!
My doc brought up the metformin trial to me yesterday! since I can take Metformin now she wants me to start taking it again.
Judge told #Huguely jury to apply the word "reason" as they would "in every day life".
Being Able To Speak Different Languages Is Great :) I Really Wanna Learn Arabic!
Hi, please follow me so I can send u a messages...
White Castle adds beer & wine @ NW IN store. either brilliant or unintended consequence of human progress. No middle ground. What do u think
thanks for the apollo always give me the selena fans thank you very much I love them, always with the message encerio thanks! <U+2665>
Watch out Tejas Moto is coming to town and the force is with us
Happy birthday!
gettin' my study on at mullins with
This is why I need a dog.
well I use Runkeeper (not free- like 10 dollars) but completely worth it.. but MapMyRun is basically the same, good as well
thats why I come in late... saw him in the jpad, and i decided to come in late instead. lol
Q3 I wish we could display all of our books at approximately eye level. I'll have to live with a mix of face out/spine out.
Last night I saw a man beat up a building and a car with his body.
Philly gettin to damn comfortable
My day has consisted of unpacking, doing dishes, doing laundry, taking out the trash, and fixing/cleaning my toilet. I feel so old.
Thinking about the nastiest boning session I've had think...spit...lube...and multiple O's
Everyone needs Club angels in their life. I'm partial to the AAngels
After extended my #blackjack lead at decided to go to Aureole for dinner, land of the Wine Angels.
crazy? That's amazing! I'm at 350/month with budget billing. I want your plan.
Thanks for making me laugh-Moment #2 Brandon Jacobs!
Listening to the new Avalon album while I wait for my flight to Chicago.
This meeting today? Just to ask questions. We won't get answers. The ?s will go in a report to the Chancellor.
"heaven from hell, blue skies from pain" Pink Floyd <3
#ihatewhenpeoplesay I love you after they've been dating for a week.
Just got an email that my glasses have shipped! FINALLY! Yay!
Looking for any tweeps who play world of warcraft.. Any one here play horde on sargeras?
"Once I went to the bathroom at night and it was in the corner... could be here right now I don't even know"
Catching up with generous mentions: Thanks!
sorry I can't be there :/ ... Looks awesome!
Ted Thompson must be stuck in NYC traffic....
Triumph & Tragedy... can any fame go without?
for #FLT tonight! Great set planned for the show and a ton of new jams for the post-party.
Its funny when people in the wrong they always find away to change it around the opposite way smh
YOU HAVE TO GO TO VENICE BEACH. ah-mazing.
Bulls Vs. Magic last night.. Best game I have ever been 2
Not yet. I'm thinking of doing Almost Easy either today or tomorrow.
Ive got this dumpster of liquor from the derby : Has everyone decided what type of liquor they are going to get me for my birthday?
RT : Personal Capital kicks off 2nd session of the morning with a "remote control for your money"
keep it up bro!
Happy Mother's Day everyone! Going to make a special meal. Marinated beef fajita meat all day w cilantro, evoo, w-shire, and lime juice.
Happy Birthday MJ!!!! We miss you!!
How do you know when yogurt goes bad?
positive thoughts, give new ownership a chance please!!
are you intoxicated.. Lol
Woke with an incredibly uneasy feeling...
Saw it three times in the theater. You're making me feel old.
Have a lot of work to catch up with this week.
:p i love ur voice
(cont.) and that #soccer is the #world's favorite sport, the world doesn't revolve around #america ya know.
You know it!
Confession 1- I write ALOT of songs, and raps. <3
THAT'S AWESOME!! I was seriously so excited when he hit 1000 I freaked.
. But EVERYONE presents at a #thatcamp. And re: BootCamp schedule, we're still massaging that.
Oh Alex. You are a weird one. But we love you anyway! :)
#MTV LOVE!
#phx #arizona need help with determining your #bankruptcy options? #debt is no fun and can be overwhelming. Let us know how we can help you?
thanks for the RT.
I loved the "Dolphins Tale" especially because it was based on a true story
yea try it you will get hooked “: ill give ema try :P”
If the master thinks it not possible to learn from the student, what has the master learned?
Marquee-ing at the Cloud Analytics Summit
Grazie! Not too superstitious so it's all good! "Break a leg" also works. BTW choreographer =UMD Alum! Go Terps!
When you get that itch on your foot that seems like it is never going to go away <<<<
RT : Looking to rent this summer in #ROC? Check out - Free Newdigs Renters guide at #RCR2011; you'll be impressed!
Thanks did you get my last jokes I sent you ?
Im glad you came. <U+270C>
I need a vacation, with sun, sand, and palm trees ... oh yea ... and beer!
it's like i have 2 twitters, but one's a tumblr
Preparing to judge the photography entries at the #Loudoun County Fair tomorrow. Looking forward to funnel cake, animals and fun times.
So excited to see Zoup! coming to Westlake! Can't wait for it to open!!
Its funny how the colors red white and blue mean freedom until they're flashing behind you
I drug an old porcelain bathtub out to the Roy Field, full of hot water. I lay there looking skyward for van gogh starlight as water cools.
“: I swear I have the laziest dog in the world. She cuddles up right next to me nd makes it impossible for me to get up” lucky dog
His name is Roman Wolfe and he's even better when he plays violin in his speedo! lol We love you too :)
He surely helping the lakers in the playoffs! RT : Jordan Hill has been a revelation for the
Seriously amazing! Best part of our meal last night. Eating the leftovers tonight. Love the salty sweet combo.
just went to a masseuse that rubbed me the wrong way!! I got an ironic ending.
I see no reason to assume that someone talking about Britney isn't a Kings of Leon fan
way to early
Finding out you're not in the friendzone and you're practically throwing yourself at the person but nothing is happening <
MLS could help women's soccer with double headers or home games when the men's team is on the road, not to hard to figure out.
#castle #47seconds is on tonight!!!
thanks for that link -it was lovely meeting you this week!
i named my brochure girl Jes U. Schrist huhuhuhuhuhuh
What&#39;s in store&quot; Cap-toe shoes
glad you made made it!
Don't rely on others, rely on yourself.
"Take every failure as an experience, because you need experience in order to become an expert."
aha....i'm gonna have to agree with Robby on this one. (And yes, he is obsessed).
we are in the same category as unicorns no? Rumored to exist but no one "sees" us
that leaked NFL schedule may be bogus, per
planned to wake up at 5:45 to work out, slept in until 7:20. my bed would have missed me too much.
"We have gotten some info. We're hoping for the right tip." - 's Derrick Jackson on 1290 WLBY. Call 1.800.CrimeStoppers
I think its better if were just friends. you're cute & all, but were both shy people & nothing will be accomplish the way things are at now!
Gud night twitter peps
": RT You ? and You ? Go Follow » #TeamAutoFollow #500ADay so leave me a message don't understand
Logic pro... Love hate relationship .. But more love than hate
that would be a great name for a watch line
i think i see the resemblance.
Then don't pay attention to it. : I just want the record to show that I think this Tim Tebow pc is an utter disgrace.
I love getting messages that make me smile like a dummy when I read them and make people wonder <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
thanks I followed!
thanks david (:
Good morning #ISS Long Beach!
1 of my former PhD thesis advisors just shared a link to his latest genomics paper, which is behind a paywall. I felt like chastising him
He's all bleeding and stuff
“: Is there anyone more smug than Alex Trebek? I submit that there is not.” Joe Buck pretending he knows shit about football
Looking at office space in Reston, Va for GeoLaw P.C
I love that!
Movement is a constant. It's the way in which we perceive movement that evolves. This is CG Philosophie.
"Anytime you start a sentence w/ 'I feel that', it's not a feeling, it's a judgment."
ok t mitchell from their is nice but not a game changer , UNT had a solid season but thought they would be dominate with him
Happy Holidays to you guys!! Hope to see you soon. Maybe in Harlem?
We are working on an IPad layout, it will be slick!
no problem. Thanks for tweeting!
Jill! Thanks for the FF! Have a good one today!
late reply, but thank you so much! <3
Nearly any genre category you choose on Spotify radio will queue up some awesome Spanish-language artists. Love it.
It's all good dont think it heard you hahah jp
Heading into a busy day that begins with bootcamp w/ Let's do it!
Let me know if you learn anything exciting about Pinterest please :)
I LOVED most of the latest "attack ad" against Obama from the #GOP. It actually made him look GOOD by looking COOL!
Where do you discover these great classes? how did I miss them??
What's your favorite #foodnews website? We love !
Can I relax and not overtalk at this meeting? Yes. I can.
I've got my mindset on you
it's friday! have you stocked up for the weekend?? Stop in and see us- You won't be sorry you did! :)
so you have seen it. That's annoying, another benefit of freaking FOX, perlease help me get a job there!!!!!
I hear the whole thing is very stirring
Goals are dreams with deadlines. -Diana Scharf Hunt
Greenwood Canada cleanest tap water in the world! YE
Have to back to my queen bed after a week with Kings on vacation
THE LONGER YOU KEEP LOOKING BACK, THE LONGER IT'S GONNA TAKE YOU TO MOVE FORWARD.
Rise Against is playing Broken English. FUCK
I dont like that everybody uses the term female to refer to ladies n women. Females includes animals too. How special do yall feel?
Someone In my #Starbucks just tried to order an eggnog latte. Makes me wonder if I've been sitting here longer than I think ...
You make think you hard but theres someone out there thats harder
Up and still at it...
Still currently traveling out of state and getting daily inspirations for business.
man eye been killin yams all off year! And greens. That shyt don't work. Eye saw bolt stand beside and smdh!
ima beat yo bitch ass bro chill Dawg ... lmao for I start thinking bout Bianca pussycat! & where you went to?
How was everyones Cinco De Mayo? Anyone got stories of your crazy outings last night?
My new favorite Wikipedia disambiguation page: IRIS. 102 uses. None of them the one I was looking for, so maybe I can add
Happy VD everyone. The one day a year you can spread the joy of VD without remorse! It only comes once a year, but the gifts keep on giving!
Feelin better but still kinda sick :{
I gotta say, this is the longest audition EVER.
#ThisSummerImTryna get tan!
#Huguely lawyer, "there simply was no intent to kill" addressing murder charges.
Limo Deals for graduation! Get your exotic stretch limo in Denver Colorado for your upcoming graduation! R/T PKGS! www.denverlimousine.com
Just a Feeling. Maroon 5. </3
Well, if you do go (and you should), please seek out and/or and give em a hug from me!
We're going to bring your idea back to life
Trying to figure out why Ann Coulter retweeted this...
"It might be the Keith Sweat concert. I'm sure it's going to be crowded," says my dad. Seriously.
Ricketts is a placeholder until Evan Bush is ready.
Idaho: Are you looking for a skiing destination in Idaho that has a heart stopping amount of vertical? There are quite a few resorts that...
can you tell me more about the study comparing text messages with phone calls & personal visits?
#EightysWorld2 I been warming up.....bout to dropp all new videos soon.nextlevelshit!
Love Masters Sunday. One of my favorite days of the year.
can't wait to see tonight at :)
Ravens to impose their will today at M&T.
You are so amazing.
Awake and rested! Now about to get ready to party.
Friday Morning Computer Cafe! No experience required, computers available, April 27, 9-10:30 AM, Chippewa Falls Senior Center...
hey everybody! sorry if u got some wierd tweets! my account was hacked!!! all fixed now!
diesel keeps roaming the house looking for Sophie. He'd be freakishly good at hide and seek :)
We always hear that women like making other women unhappy. Sad to see it in action.
were on skype(:
LMAO RT " I like the kissing part, not the killing part. You wouldn't kill me, right?"
Just realized that one reason my back has been bothering me recently is how much I'm sitting in the floor with kids.
Finally back home to my sweet skyscraper national park.
. never used his laptop during #lma12. Used his iPad the whole time. Including blogging.
2 for 50 for everyoone hit me up in the inbox tatt deals
A segment with Bridesmaids cast introduced as celebration of women becomes celebration of penis?! Pathetic. And telling.
RT - I think I figured out why the #Dolphins play so well on the road, compared to at home: everywhere else is not Mia...
Only 1/6th of our eyeball is exposed to the world.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
Rewriting my resume the way. Getting used to the format (1 pg?!?), but I think it's coming together nicely. Thx, Mark & Mike!
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it!
I know! Where is the sun? I thought this was spring?
is my hero
Ok He's my bf
MWP thinking I should have elbowed Westbrook now instead of Harden during the regular season.
I'd rather send a letter than a fax any day!
Nice, we'll see who's interested. Btw, we moved offices, which means more room for game night!
hi, you're awesome :)
Been running into that a lot since I moved back to the M. :-(
miss you!
Today’s Brentwood Specialss: Soups of the day are Butternut Squash and Cauliflower, Sugar Free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
Watching the #mets on TV makes running on the treadmill much more tolerable.
this is dope
God, I don't even have the stomach to drink because of this game.
'The secret of joy in work is contained in one word - excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.' - Pearl S. Buck
on my chest? It's a Cancer Crab with a Crown on it.
EVERYONE!! Our show with No Bragging RIghts, It Prevails, We are Defiance, and Onward to Olympus is tomorrow, hit us up for some presales!!!
&quot;innovation and creation- it&#39;s all about metaphor&quot; -John Abele
Make yourself an honest man, and then you may be sure there is one less rascal in the world. ~Thomas Carlyle
'Sometimes before we make a record I go back and listen to a few. It's equally humbling and uplifting.' ~Michael Stipe
good morning
not a bad time to watch my first hockey game of the year. I'm w
Who the fuck invented the freaking wisdom tooth? Ugh!!!! Shit hurts!!!!
My horoscope was spot on today. Spooky.
who do you like in this series?
Jehovah's Witnesses at the door this a.m., my pug barking. They offered a pamphlet on "Religion and Politics."
Ms.Quintero says that by not properly funding FLES, it puts Loudoun County children at a disadvantage. Surrounding counties know better.
Poppin open a second bottle of wine and forgetting this day ever happened y'all
ok, just noticed this was 5 hours ago and not about my Monday craziness.
keep a close watch on HESG there has to be a reason this thing is trading out of no where
where'd u score the awesome ball? I'd u play with ur Schlitz ball and knock over PBR pins, ru bowling?
Power Pop at it's finest, The Shoes "Tongue Twister" I can be be in the worst mood put it on the turntable and be smiling in minutes.
#confession : i hate to admit the fact that i'm jelious of her -.-
I need some green tea--- who has some?!
I'm tickled pink about it, hilarious and oh so awesome.
Because its a fan page.
good to hear. I know it is painful.
Great move by #Dolphins acquiring David Garrard. Bright future in Miami. Will be a great mentor to Matt Barkley in 2013.
Happy birthday :) make it a good one lady!
. I'm a native! Born & raised! And should counts as a native, right? But I think we're outside the norm :)
(The all caps was accidental but funnier.)
yall teed it up yet?
All of the AMC Theaters in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area have sold out of 12:01 am Avengers tix. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
"The more time you spend trying to get back what's been took from you more's goin out the door." -- 'No Country for Old Men' by McCarthy
it seems the latest Wygwam updates doesn't allow you to center-align images.
I want a donut from fritz
eyes ache -__-
Log On : www.discountdw.com . Get 15% OFF using coupon code : 2000 on purchase of $2000 or more on doors , windows or hardware
I'm tired of chasing, I'll just let things flow.
Good one!
#umpiring in a bit!
What's your #dreamjob?
Today feels like Friday. Yesterday felt like silly puddy
you're right i have texting anxiety :/ haha
I n boxed u and told u to add me on oovoo n u neva did!
Can anyone recommend a good docking station (like an mp3 boombox) for the Ipod Touch 4? Looking for something in the medium price range.
Shout out to
Happy Birthday to Mark Zuckerberg! Talk about a kid who knows a thing or a billion about incorporating technology in to educational venues!
Out of cheer now I can finally go home
Many food and food-related products are invented by people who wanted the item for themselves. Any ideas?
Looks like #NBA had to sacrifice my #Blazers to keep the #Clippers bandwagon from totally going in the ditch.
bought a house today! Close on our homes on july 15. Summer job...packing then unpacking!
Smart lady. Though I had their Blue Catfish last night with saffron broth and root veggies. It was Excellent!
Thanks for all the work! Just let me know when its all done, the IT committee will use as test to promote paid version next year
Too many emails from stores? Migraine coming on? Research shows peppermint oil can be effective in reducing migraine symptoms.
": dude,ur boobs!! I love them, lmao" Lol thank you!!
PWA Surf World Cup Podersdorf : Gollito powers to victory in single elimination - BYM News (press release)
Chillen out, no school tomorrow :)
This very talented little kid is killing all the reggae dances with Elephant Man. Off the hook!
Good morning beautiful women!! Make sure you smile as much as possible today & trust ur day will be a blessed day no matter how your feeling
“: REAL conservatives support the "race to the bottom," duh.”
I just dropped the hot sauce down the stairs...
TPD talked him down.... more on 10connects.com
Well, good luck to DC, as long as they stay behind Sporting KC in the table. :D lol
Welcome to Indy.
": ladies..if a dude has jeans w/designs on the back pockets he has kids that he doesn't take care of"<=lmao but TRUUUUUUU
I've grown to look forward to our Sunday night hangouts.
on 2/19 heading to W. Palm Beach Bench and Bar meeting - stop by Upchurch Watson White and Max Mediation Group exhibit booth and say hi!!
You are making the GOP look like rednecks. I am not a redneck. Who cares abt Obama college records? Seriously? Get over it
TRAFFIC: Left Lane of SB I90 ramp to EB I94- Closed @ noon today thru Friday @ Noon
woah okay that tweet freaked out xD but you got what I meant haha
he made it to the Live round!
#BehindTheMusic bruno is still the sweet man he says he is. he still has respect for women- and dogs. ;)
“: i've been in and out of meetings and busy with mixing, recording, and my workouts... :)” dam living' life huh
same to you nicole-miss all of you!!! #GACFamily4Life!
Natalie Portman's presentation of the Best Actor award reminds me why I was pissed that she won the Oscar last year.
I'll follow you back!
Putting the final touches on the next 50 hand painted blocks as part of the Art o Mat project!
Sadly, I won't be at RT this year, but I'm sure you will all have a fabulous time!!
I hope MTV does a Where Are They Now? on the guy with calf implants
Memphis pulling off a major choke or Clippers a major comeback?
Say it loud and clear! RT : Your VOTE is your voice, SPEAK UP
Doors are opening and opportunities are arising. Walk through those doors with a smile on and make the best of those opportunities.
yea hahahah I went on my iPod tho oops good night!
When Mario told me they weren't making another Transformers I was in utter shock & cried for like a good 10 mins. but only thugs can care!
Gophers tip off shortly...looking to get back on track after dropping 4 straight. The good news? Ralph I took speed and HGH today.
Follow Back. #TeamAquarius :)
Your tour says uploading an iPhoto library is possible. Is the same true for an Aperture library?
Oh yeah baby, Cheers!!! Today is National Moscato Day! who wants a glass?
she didn't give me yours, but I got an A yeeeeee
Hah! RT : Desperation. RT : Britney's New Album to drop March 15. Any suggestions for the album title?
Yes. When they brought him in, I said, "Wait, this guy's pitched something like 5 innings this spring. He won't be fresh."
Also, Nile Rodgers is the most underrated/under-appreciated genius in the last 35 or so years in music.
can we analyze scripts from other genres or is it only monsters flicks?
I promise that's all the following we'll do ;)
Hey ! RT : We really don't want to square off against Ryan Gosling, that much is certain.
Happy to, LoveGrows Misha! And, likewise, thanks for following me back!
for some reason it said I wasn't following you? Haha wat ever but r u moving today or tomorrow?
I'm so happy I have my mother and grandmother to tell me if I'm wrong or not
Strivers achieve what dreamers believe.
Watching Super Size Me.
#10ThingsIHate Drake's Face
A big thank you to my Aunt Chickie for dropping off a bag of clothes for the giving room...did I tell you she is my assistant?
top or bottom?
Now playing - the bay (Erik Allan remix) thanks to Ray Milian and
is it friday yet?
neva gave his tooth thought til u put me on tht gucci freestyle nicki did >> lmao
I live Sarah so much. <3
he's not a bum. He's a P
Totally some roof deck weather, bro.
shanks babe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Do you watch Dance Moms Miami?
Go Pats!!! I must say, thanks to Tim Tebow I am feeling lots of love and support for my guys today instead of the usual bashing/loathing/etc
Jaymie Polet and her mother and Meagan Toothman were injured in the stage collapse last night. Please keep them in your thoughts and prayers
Good morning fellas and ladies!
In ca till Monday that ok?
Please DM your email.
htf he was in the league last year
Working with my older cousin today ... yuhhh bitch.
Lol Ima See You At School Im Runnin Late :* :D
You're not home? Oh god. You're fucked.
that assumes that its the rats you are doing it for, large amounts of poison in a neighborhood hurts everybody
what is the LA times doing there?
is in control...
That awkward moment when everyone leaves you
Speed Iz Also Money 98MPH FastBall
Omg, i just bought the Hunger Games TICKETS FOR NEXT FRIDAY!!!!!!!!
Good stuff.
Ed's Chowder is best ever tasted RT : New to Ed's Chowderhouse (an advertiser)...Chowder 4 me.
What city is it? I wanna see it!
Fronteir barn meets tile shop
I never liked Steak 'n' Shake either.
doing everything you want in those six days
NERD...Noone Ever Really Dies lol
I'll need to think of a good name for it..
Maybe I do, but I'm telling myself I don't.
OK so who's going to dress up a sombrero as a Derby hat?
haha glad you escaped. luckily I'm only hear one day this week.
it is
<---- Got Some Fire Ass Bars In The Making
hey now.. Lol
Good morning everyone!! TGIF!!!
Instead of spending this gorgeous day outside, I'm stuck inside cleaning and studying. #canitbesummeralready?
smh, almost had a Altima but it was some miscommunication and it ended up being on hold. Somebody bought it today
“: Going to hi five and jack white tonight.” so jealous!
Doing anything fun this weekend?
Fuck Randy Travis
Free Coffee Samples
Calling Sarah Conner, iPhone just updated. It's now under the bed crying about my lack of attention & caring or some dribble.
#SkylarLaine singing tn on #AmericanIdol, showin' "em what little girls are made of!" Now we're pumped for Miranda in 3wks!
Big Mess!
Just remembering this Archie comic I read ~15 years ago where Betty serves as the proxy bride in a wedding. Seriously what was going on.
Awesome! Just go back thru my timeline, that's all there is...so we' should get along well, lol.
Ok, this texts on trial sketch is pretty funny.
perfectly still. Hadn't been many pitches up there. Strike 2 was bad, & when Lawrie walked toward 1st, well, anything close...
you're not describing what you're wearing... right?
In my cousinz housy watching a movie and eating chips with lil brother and sister!
oh geeze. Although, why he is also retweeting everyone's tweets that are trashing him? I'm confused.
The #Grizzlies turnover the ball a lot. Man up!
There's some great (and >140 char) discussion of this specifically in
Only here a few hours and already engaged in a deep and inspiring discussion about museums with Brittny Dayes from the SITE museum
Dukes Country Saloon in Kenosha tomorrow ! Jugs Hitching Post in West Bend Saturday !
I like to think everyone on Path just went to sleep like in Serenity.
it must be very hard i think people should seperate his personal life from his professional life
The ball may head down the middle, but it's coming out of left field...
hey nice meeting you and your friend we should have hung out y'all having fun at the RP resort
He said he'll be there by 7. RT ": WHERE IS MY STRIPPER"
I meant what flavor. Lol.
Ice cream round 2
working a 12 hour shift
#YoMommaSoFat when she went to the movies she sat next to everyone.
So you'd rather receive one-time funding then be left to slowly deteriorate over the next 30 years? (insert sarcastic tone)
Forecast for Tonight: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 53 to 58. Areas of winds west 15...
Most Definitely!
we will be there soon!
The #fullmoon is so beautiful. Hopefully #NASA gets restarted so I have a chance to go there someday!
I want cinammon toast, not the cereal, real homemade cinnamon toast ..and a White Russian... I'm on it when I get home.
This is excellent! Thanks!
great. thanks! you'll enter into a lobby that is currently unattended. just ring the bell.
S/o to for the unfollow! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
would you still take Tebow > Rodgers in final 2 min.
how did run go?
hey i has good feelings about this year. so hyped for the start of the season!
Screen printing day.
There will come a time, you'll see, with no more tears.
Yeesh. Life sentence for not snitching. That's tough.
If I win the #lottery I am buying every Milwaukeean a beer. , of course.
Time to start working a new #script for Scriptapalooza! Early entry in January is only $40!
People who unfollow aren't true ICONiacs because shes just given out her opinion so don't hate cuz she giving out the truth
About to go kill Ocean and Collins with my last batch of mixtapes. Let's see whos out. Salted party later tonight.
damn nice body
Thanks for the <U+2665>
- you suck! Collect your paycheck and lose us another game while you're at it.
its a quote in EasyRider. Its framed on the wall in a new orleans whore house.
i saw u on tv
Where can one buy really really long tweezers? Hardware store? Pharmacy?
right back at you!
All done here at saddleback. Quite a fun day. Shot a 101. which is great for me
I need more Danzig "4" in my life!
NOW THATS A SIGHT TO SEE
It will be a Hit!! #Turn To You !!
I'm sure they will.
4 finals down 2 to go, over half way done
Thanks for the support fam Follow back & Dm..let's talk.
Nipples getting hard for
I need someone to talk to :c I don't actually wanna do my homework lol
#sdmayornp 9800 homeless in san diego 9% increase. What's city's role? homeless issue "dirty lil secret"
good luck with ur interview kid, hope it went well... let me know how went, would love to hear the story
what up big marv?? What's the word
stop your war on monochromed temple hair
I can't wait to see him play tonight.
Same here, since I first saw her on #Community ": I have a non-creepy crush on "
A Lake City hair salon is using their talents to help fallen Officer Shneider's family catch at 5pm for the story
Humans R entrepreneurs not bcuz we shld start companies but bcuz will 2 create encoded in our DNA & creation= entrepreneurship -Startup of U
Wow. #Oscars only ran 9 mins over. They deserve an Oscar for that.
RT : Ask questions that help others see.
Afternoon presenters for #sjctie include: , , , and
At digitas for responsive design and prototyping talk
The one phrase you can use is that success has a thousand fathers, and failure is an orphan
Never trust an Evan Turner
Been in bed all day. Staying in one place is wonderfully horrible.
Get all your #NHL playoff news here WWW.USSportspages.com
First session at the gym was an hour of cardio. Hopefully get to go again tonight after work.
No, THANK YOU, for the "essay" and thanks for sharing your story about #JuniorSeau , may he Rest in Peace
Watching the boxing match with my girl!
Do your thing, bruh!
y so evil!
I am now telling the computer EXACTLY what he can do with a lifetime supply of chocolate.
The 28 runs scored in the #Braves 15-13 W over Philly last night were the most since 8/25 last year when #Yankees beat As 22-9.
US Senate just voted 91-3 to confirm Jacqueline Nguyen to be a 9th Circuit Judge; 1st ever Asian American female federal appellate judge!
Monkees Singer & Actor Davy Jones Dies on Wednesday after suffering a heart attack
Good Morning/Afternoon!
our fearless leader, Kat!
I can't sleep because I can't turn my brain off!!!! Wheres the power switch?!
Ooh so that's a reason I work so much and come home late. I thought I was just super busy.
Thanks! We are excited to share our new nail wraps with the twitter-sphere!
The 12th man thing is about making teams false start,Sorry but it shows when Hawks on road 98% of the time.they not very good.
Check out new movie, "Smitty" looks awesome and is available on iTunes!!
Chicago Bears sign ex-Algonquin kicker Dave Teggart
Confirmation Party
Are there going to alternate costumes for the DLC characters in #MortalKombat?
Happy Purim and lnternational Woman's Day!
**a man will subconsciously position his belly toward the woman in the room he is most attracted to- even if he's speaking to someone else.
My 11 yo son hypnotized me & suggested that I do excessive amounts of push-ups, pull-ups & running. I think I need another session.
I've been waiting forever for #DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER I love you Leland!<3
Wish i lived near the beach. i need to soak in some rays, and relax; Florida Style. love the MidWest, but sometimes the Rain just kills me
I guess child care services in grocery stores are not common in MKE... Must be an up north thing :)
oh yeah buddy :) , and anytime
We couldn't agree more! RT : Look up "Road to Hana" ... you basically drive around Maui and it is PERFECT.
Deffy haven't met but I respect it.
im so flattered to be working with you
Welcome to #ASCRS. See the all new, all-in-one Ocular Response Analyzer at booth 1211.
I placed myself in new positions, and exhausted my lungs and my invention in new clamours.
Dude you're such a twi-stalker
Just woke up ..last night was a success <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
So close to the end #JMS481 SLP. Must. Keep. Going. 10 writing outlines to go...
The New York Times and Reuters Collaborate to Deliver 2012 Olympics News and Data to Publishers
Pool then wine tasting....sounds like a nice start to the day. Toasty hot in Sonoma today.
thanks for the retweet
Happy Birthday Shor
Happy County Convention Day!!!
That poutine's a real crowd-pleaser. The writers didn't stand a chance.
West Village bound for the evening.
So feisty today!!! I think Zach doth protest too much!
McDonald's' daily customer traffic (62M) is greater than the population of Great Britain .
keep up the great work!
Gobble gobble turkey shuffle saturday
It's not over in France. The US Supreme Court could still save Sarkozy.
Jurassic Park I is also about dinosaurs.
SO nice to meet you on Friday! Amazing hospitality! #JelloShots ;) lol
Thanks for the endorsement, means a lot coming from tourism folks! :)
I've always been staunchly against the principles of SOPA. Also: winning baseball, fan appreciation, and french-kissing.
omg i love your tweets
of course!
#Airborne or #Emergen-C? I've tried both and #Airborne is the only one that works for me. (Pageant Week Survival Tip.)
LOVE the pic of you an kroy
I really need a summer job!!!!
lmao why didn't you just go to the grant game
I haven't talked to you in forever :(
God love J.Lo for comforting Seacrest. No one else was.
glad you liked it! Heard you were a country fan! Thanks for tuning in! :)
a prayer in which he really takes out a piece of paper for his pocket? they couldn't put that on the teleprompter?
I'm #hungry. Can't focus on my synthesis with my tummy growling... :/ I also need sleep....
Day 2 of the raw food cleanse. Energy level high, somehow not starving. And this pineapple/kiwi juice is like sunshine in a bottle.
Anyone know who she's talking about?
yes, indeed!
suck it up bud. At least you are balling in Florida!
ok just let me know :) do u have alot of ppl doing it??
Alright, who ever replaced my pillow with a rock is going to experience a mob of branches within the next 19 hours
“A mother is the truest friend we have. Washington Irving
even though her mom died, angel still went on that stage and danced her heart out<3
U the 1
I may be on the Craft Police's Top 10 most wanted!
Nailed it! Tacos will have to wait!
wow! sounds way too good to be true - are you sure you didn't just string together 5 yummy words to make us all drool?
Yo LAME ASS
bad hair day, fuck Mondays ok
sweet! Yeah we can coordinate on getting the ticket to you
skylar got sent home, therefore I have no reason to watch american idol anymore.
now I no family can't hld water but that's OK cause wat goes around comes around I'm cuting family members off starting tonight
Thinking of a master plan
Laws cant hold me back...
as much? *groans* as MANY words....sheesh. snow has my brain foggy apparently.
I hate doing the laundry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0095><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>
I have to sneeze
Much has changed, my previous honeycomb felt worse.
Dang why they have to kil Radio Raheem man...
“: My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the empire state”~~~what are u doin not in there wit them?
Haywire is definitely one of the worst movies I've seen in awhile.. Not recommended.
Done and done-Best of luck!
Good seeing you, too! I almost didn't recognize you with the red hair! See you around the track.
OH MY GOD. I laughed so hard my coworkers were concerned for my safety.
noon. Ya?
best Grammy related tweet all night!
Awesome! We're excited to have it on TeeRaiders next month :D
You sir, have changed my mind. I am no longer a *gasp* and instead I am a *wait and see*. Well played.
Just heard Gen. Colin Powell at St. Christopher's School Leadership Symposium--what an inspiration!
David Rapoport attended the ABA Round Table on Legal Specialization in Tampa, Florida.
We love having you. RT Excellent dinner tonight, as always. It never disappoints.
Night night sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite!
I know! I wanted to so badly but I have to be at an event at 9am tomorrow. I'm coming to the show in Seattle!!!
On my way to a meeting. Windows down sunroof is open.
Great I can't wait to see what the WI hopped beer ends up being. Is this an IIPA ?
he must be butter cause he is on a roll right now!
It's not working for me. What's your username?
The US incarcerates about 750 people out of 10,000 - A much higher percentage than any other country. #justice2012”
#AskAlexConstancio PLEASE FALLOW ME??!!
love it when they do an announcement right as the train is pulling into QB Plaza.
I thought I was the only one that placed a product back where I found it, when I decided at checkout that I didn't want it.
Okay I don't wanna be dirty Dan anymore! I'm telling on you
What are the top 3 strategic business drivers for implementing an LMS?
If you don't like what the world has to offer
Smack My Bitch Up
wait until you have it streaming in your tv....your life will be over.
Vote for SDCHC! We need polling sites. We're 1 of 2 organizations in SD to win *ChaseCommunityGivingCampaign*
#PeopleNeedToStop trying to die while at work.
You can make a U Turn anywhere in Florida
To my Lakers-fan followers: I know this is brutal, I was expecting this. But we must go thru this to get a better team. Destroy to rebuild.
"her wounds came from the same source as her power" ~ Adrienne Rich #poetry (via the enchanting book "Wild" by )
and she a hater #:(
Thanks for the follow you gorgeous people, you! !
at this point i think i've heard every black joke in the book.
6th period..is the most boringest. If thats even a word.
Vote for Todd Huston for Indiana State Representative, HD 37. Todd is a great man, great friend and will be a top-notch legislator.
Great word: stumblebum.
HELP TREND #AustinIsOurWorld HELP <U+2665>
Thumbs up to you!
Whoa! It's like blizzard rain out there!
If I could be a race car driver I would be truly happy. It is a dream I will always pursue and never let go.
A visionary is subject to blurred sight every once in a while.
I haven't even been awake that long and today already kinda sucks.
you should change your Twitter password, you've been hacked.
huge test tomorrow and i cant sleep
if your bored has sent you over 10 cds to check out.... Hopefully making a review
Halloweentown high..love it!!!
So true.
Paris glitterati holds breath over Ritz renovation
Here goes another long night at taco hell.
Go stupid go stupid lol
I can't deal...
Hey Greg, would love to have you visit our SiriusXM College Sports Nation studios if you have time while here in DC if possible
A goal without an action plan is a daydream.
Looking forward to Celebrate Recovery at Cornerstone Church in Boulder tonight - Marna M is doing her testimony and I am leading worship
yup yup
I'm no fan of CNN. I don't want a philosophical social issue distracting us from practical issues impacting the black community.
That ball was movin before the knee touched, Steve Wonder coulda made that call!!
thank you!
"If you can spell OLIGARCHY, thank a teacher
Full moon tonight.. you know what that means..
Do you sing? Share your talent on Good To Go.com
Henry Higgins voice: "She must be . . . a Targaryean!"
is #43 $1500 nl going to restart on time at 230 today? are table draws up online somewhere? thx in advance!
Fuckin Crosby is pretty damn good
Saturday at the office, reviewing due diligence. There's a Wong's Grocery & Deli 1mi from our project in Arkansas.
Frickin' cold in Brooklyn! SO glad I'll be in Cali this coming weekend.
Call us today for any questions or concerns you may have about your car care needs! (505) 881-8889
good article.
hope town hall was great + looking v much forward to office hours soon!!! #hff12 <3
“: Will Indiana make the NCAA if they finish .500 in league play? ” yes, comfortably. Beat UK and OSU
#kittenmittens is on THANK YOU LORD
We used to have the #magic8ball, now we have the internet.
Life's to short to even care at all
RT : The Royals may be selling naming rights to their stadium. Please give me money so that we can make "Syphilis Ball...
Sad and tired. bye twitter
yall #Follow the ladies of
Just picked up the app. Nice. Will it work on iPod Touch and/or iPad 2?
oh yeah it was great!
...cause I'm a stupid bitch
Oh good glad you found it..
Speaking for all Zimmermans: George, you've lost your surname privileges for ever! Good riddance! Hope the Riveras come to the same decision
Watched TI and Tiny last night through early this morning. i need to get his book asap!
There will be DWI checkpoints in the triangle this weekend and next. Just because they are unconstitutional doesn't mean its worth the risk
there you go! Keep it up! I have faith in ya!
Yes. And when she brought Milanos and tried to say she baked them?
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE !!!!
sorry marisa but its baseball season!!!
Seoul Foreign, Yongsan win soccer crowns
I EMAILED ABOUT THEM KEEPING , THEY TOLD ME 2 STAY OUT OF IT, NOW THEY SEND ME AN EMAIL SAYING TELL TRIBUNE 2 LET US BROADCAST
Taco tuesday!!!
Sometimes seems like the universe just waits 4 U to do thing you've been afraid of doing & then hands U the tools to finish the race.Amazing
Don't get hypnotized by the hype. LEARN, then INVEST! tiny.cc/one-dollar-test-drive
"you need to feel safe in order to be ok to fail"
RT : All you need is chapstick, a bottle of water and a get out of jail free card :)
are u in your danger zone or mine? Lol
Game 3, Yankees comeback, 0-1 to Rays (BOBBY!!!), 3-18 to Rangers, tonight stand out I think.
oh shit! Is that red-rageous flavor I see? That's almost as crazy as eating steak at waffle house! Or a salad at Krispy Kreme!
just one
Learned something new... Interesting.
The best time to make friends is before you need them. - Ether Barrymore
From Justin (10:00am): All strong storms are just to the north around Oshkosh and Appleton. Travelers watch for flooded roads.
Lunch @ Mongo Grill saw someone have enough food to fill two bowls...i'm not sure how he stacked it but it was an art to see it
WOO!!!!!!!! THE DAILY SHOW AND COLBERT REPORT RETURN TODAY! LIFE HAS MEANING AGAIN! (also, check out www.google.com today)
Thanks again for the radio mention... David
Puerto Ricans can scrap doe swear..
O's complete sweep! and Davis with home runs! Let's go o's!
New Monthly Special! 20% off Age Old Organics, Roots Organics/Soul Synthetics and General Organics nutrients and dry amendments!
At South County EDC Board meeting in National City. SCEDC is a positive force for job growth & getting things done in south San Diego region
HAPPY BIRTHDAY have a good birthday XOXOOOOXOXOOOOOOOOOOO
Yes, join us! :) RT : Definite obsession developing with
are you in Nashville?? (:
All I want to do is watch movies in bed. But seeing as I have no means to do so, I guess Pandora will have to suffice.
#FCPX This is going to be interesting, tinyurl.com/3svq2rx
Very disappointed in #Snooki. Unmarried women who are millionaires before turning 30 having babies is ruining this country.
stop playing one direction... I'm starting to like them....
You don't go to a college or technical school to be trained or certified as a husband or a wife...
yeah I haven't watched so I'm kinda lost. I got into #OnceUponAtime way more
DAVE IS NOW
Am I taking you home today?
can't wait for the show!
try restarting your iPod
is having a sale. check it out..
Booyah! Be careful, at the rate those rose bushes are growing, soon they'll block the driveway.
Anne Parker is on course at J3 Junior Olympics DH race!
RT CONCH REPUBLIC: Happy 30th Anniv. 1982 Florida Keys "succeeded" b/c of a U.S. Border Patrol checkpoint on access road
A blessing to hear that the music touches your hear. It means a lot to me. Blessings
Vitamin D is actually a hormone that affects every organ in the body. Its deficiency can cause some serious issues Get at least 2,000 IU/day
are there anymore chances for tickets? I would love the once in a lifetime opportunity to go.
Kyocera are showing their MDS (managed data services) managed print framework on the Fujitsu stand H7 A28 at CeBIT.
S/O to for actually being a good ass friend! We need to chill soon bro! I still got your Bulter hoodie lol
Happy Saturday, Baltimore! Still don't have a present for that birthday this weekend? We're here to help & ready to wrap. #ComeGetYourToyOn!
Aww"..nice to meet a world leader who has bigger ears than me"-Obama on Mickey Mouse.Will Sarkozy visit euroDisney to find Jiminy Cricket?..
did everyone leave that late? Lol
I wanna go to the beach or a theme park so bad.
Looking forward 2 meeting u Aussies. Crazy & Nutter PERFECT
Getting my huirr done look # huirr
steps it up with Infinity and AR. Next level with new devices. Sweet! Geek girl testing sounds cute
Well I am sorry Em. Glad you could straighten me out. He did great.
Spotlight is a great movie about an awkward hermaphrodite too.
and where are mine?!
Thanks for the follow Margaret. WE RT'd one of your tweets. You've aggregated some really informative articles. Keep 'em coming!
Wow! New job?
Looking forward to your tweets. - Thanks for following
"What sci-fi thriller set attendance records during the Fourth of July weekend in 1996?" The answer was "Independence Day!"
6/10 11:25 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Brian Scott McFadden
Kanye such a good publicist
the free re-fills are a plus.
- out every night cuz im not single anymore n its nt all about just me anymore ya kno n u got me as well
I'm excited ETL is starting. It's great 2 listen 2 podcasts on the way into 2 work. A great inspiration! Thx 4 making available
#TwoThingsThatDontMix and Pardon the tonal shift guys, but that story was sad.
maybe next time instead of hitting her, just go punch a pillow of somethin. think twice next time
Senior night 2mrw...we have 7 good ones that we're saying goodbye to. Get to the gym early, 6pm tip vs Cornell.
Sitting in a fast food joint listening to a manager interview some hs kid. Its like he is interviewing for secret service job
Me too - still going thru my notes & biz cards from #EBWW, following on here, FB, etc. Terrific, life-changing experience.
So, no email required. LOTS of great things about
We had unforeseen bugs at launch (hidden data, missing photos, etc) so many users were understandably upset. Fixed now though! :)
Club cafe, be there for jams! 8pm
can u follow me? if yu did all my dreams would come true<3 i love yu<3 Im only watching the kids choice awards late2 see yu<3
#Apocalyptour tomorrow! :D
I like the way you think.
My girlfriend just showed up to my #DJ gig!
Finally sent a (hopefully) decent chapter draft to my adviser. That only took two years . . .
Today is a great day for our Union. Thank you to all who voted yes for Merger. Onward and Upward! In Solidarity.
#ThankGod for A+schools
That's just plain sad... :'( I will meditate... oom
Would you be interested in trying to do it every other week?
One more day of work before eleganza extravaganza with in
So annoyed with selfish people who think they can act however they want not thinking it effects their friendship.
#ThingsIwantTheMost is what every Directioner wants... One Direction ;)
Ignoring what mikey's saying >>>> i crack myself up!
Man. Cant finish SM3D Land bc I have to destroy a hornet's nest. If I pull a Culkin in My Girl make sure Kill Em All is played at my funeral
: the iPhone should really stop trying to "Louboutin"
In fact, it's preferred.
I don't know what happened... But there's a cannolli in the sink.
Prepping to administer final exam 1 of 3. This semester's finish line in sight!
Congrats to our April Camp grad Nazeer Reese for getting an opportunity to sell his Skate T-shirts at the RocCity Skate Park fundraiser 6/4
You forgot to add the Rangers fan base as well.
LOVING this extra hour of daylight!
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Tampa - Friday Special. Call NOW
The Jonas Brothers Are BACK :')
LETS GO!
how about miami
They're calln me an alien a big headed astronaut!
Just had a Mexican tell me how fucked up Glendale is because of "All the fuckin Armenians".
when life hands you a lemon, say, hey, i like lemons, what else ya got? - Roxxanne Lynnette Redbird
Assoc of N. American Art Conservation Programs conference this weekend
Its working!! :)
Oh my. I am so high.
Hacienda Egg Sandwich
are you at parkway?
The mess made in our pants after that Broncos game!
your manifesto is one of my favorite things you have ever wrote. Thanks!
GN BA BYE:(
hey baby .
she's calling Disney channel out because she doesn't want the cycle to continue, therefore your argument is invalid in every way.
Watching Tosh.o
Well, is pretty darn kind...so, I can't imagine that she'll be judgy! She saw ME crochet & was sweet as pie!
Can't believe Cards put the "Rally Squirrel" on their ring. So stupid, tarnishes the ring, and was a story for 2 seconds.
I got #trustissues !
You inspire me. #doveinspired Ms. Sweet and smart and sassy!
I now have $70 saved for when Greyson tours the US!
How was your week? Thank you much for your follows:
“: Butterflies.... (:”If MJ was alive he would RT this
Packing up to shoot Legendary Easy Mo Bee in Greenpoint.
I always make shit worst for myself smh
shit, everybody at they crib. wbu?
shit 4real got a good cadrio work out in earlier. Now im drinking black henn and writing down my lyrics.
Join us tomorrow night and try some of our brews at from 5pm-7pm for the kick-off of our expansion into the Buffalo area!
Fuck you Joey Crawford! Hope you die of a heart attack tonight
I'm so ready for some football...just had my annual preseason talk with my dad..damn bears fan
show starts at 10.
Bonez n loanz on deck DIS fri #BDE “: ya dog aint ya dog when u get a bone and he dont get a loan!!!”
Make sure to give us a call if you are having a Fall Festival next month. We are booking up fast!
"you didn't wax your slides?" Yes Bitch.
which date are you going to lol????
The only thing getting me through the day is that its Friday #Weekend>>>
It will be Derby time but this time I will come out one morning....Shane has a live Redoute's 2yo...close 2nd in Sydney 2day
"Be careful when you're driving so you don't fall asleep at the wheel" - sage advice from my Mom every single time we talk on the phone
[X] Never Naughty [X] Always Nice [X] Made This List
Missing you never gets easy. Enjoy your day Vin<3
Still at Maloney's?
thx for makin me admin :)
Twitter glitch, has happened w others I follow. Game on! Ask away! And ; - )
Oh how I wish it really was!
Thanks for the follow, cool site! I especially like the photo from Elizabeth James
“: now thats good foodwhat are your dates for east coast” check out our site for full tour schedule!!:)
Going to be a fun night!!!
Tatevossian - Mobile phones allow 4 citizen engagement globally & closes the digital divide as digital literacy increases.
oh lol IPad are freaking amazing!!
Getting ready to run #Crazylegs with Dan and Emily before we unite & rally against the #WaronWomen!
Enjoyed DNC HQ Housewarming last night. #DNC Committee is working hard to produce the best convention ever & highlight
really? I got March Break
Woo RT : #Lakers win Ok I want #Spurs 2 face #Clippers cuz I wanna see #TonyParker &amp; #ChrisPaul go toe to toe.
YEAH, got my hair done :)
I wish I could attend the Upfronts this week in NY! But believe u me, I will be there 1 day. 1 day!! ::raises & shakes fist in the air::
PLAYOFF PREDICTIONS - In the West, The Sports Freak says SAS over MEM in 6, LAL over NOR in 5, PORT over DAL in 7, and OKC over DEN in 6
friends friend look like Shane'ne ...,lmao!!
of course<3
Need a refresher beverage? Try sliced lemons, limes, cucumber or fresh mint in a cold bottle of water. Great way to avoid sugar calories!
Emma Stone <3 killing it.
why not ?
Thanks for your RT. Hope my blog post was helpful :) Let me know if you try it.
make it nasty saw a thick bitch walk past me i said whats hannin damn you strapped gee can i have yo number and hit you after school b lol
who knew being a babbling Brooks was so lucrative. No one pays any attention to anything he writes
Ooh, we're staying at the Mirage, so that's an easy one!
I can't wait to land in Times Square!.. We will be shooting some rad and hard scenes at the Empire State building. Action needs hardworking!
hey now, none of our managers are douches! Lol. What is going with you?
"i dont need to run anywhere" "ill burn your shit"
Thanks so much for the Tweet!
Cool, but why can't I find you on G+?
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: bedtime to be pushed back a half an hour and I will eat my vegetables, Jay Leno's teeth, a nightgown
Thank you for the follow, much appreciated. May I make one suggestions regarding your website, which will pay huge dividends?
RT Walking is heart #healthy! RT Follow enter our #StepIntoSpring giveaway! You could win a pair of #NikeID sneakers
effff I'm hungry
Congrats to (BC'98) on Cougartown being picked up by TBS. Grassroots marketing at its best. Lessons could be applied to BC sports.
Tuesday night. The Deli. Norman. See you there!
Where's the feed that contains mic'd up caddies/golfers? Would have been incredible on championship Sunday!
do u wat
Skip is sucking Jordan's dick now!
Agency supporting disabled individuals now hiring employees w/high moral & work ethics. Tweet me here if interested or check out iCare FHS.
Who winning tha game?
Ready to leave #Lakesidemall pronto! Long weekend makes shoppers go #crizazy!
J lo looks absolutely stunning on
that is interesting! curious--does the mental hum come only from within you or stimulated by your environment?
How bout yoou ?
Ha! Well I might be buff enuf4the womens division, but nobody wud ever want to c that lolol.
This traffic is way too ridiculous I hate this school
Saw orange cordureggings that would be perfect for a more sophisticated look.
Gearing up for #ASA2011 - looking forward to seeing you all in Las Vegas! We'll be at Booth 306 in the book exhibit.
what is the IPA challenge?
No H8 :) We Love ya
Low key i hit the club just to see how many people know me im soo concieded - Bros
either the street light just flickered hard. or i just seen lightening threw da window
i'm reading it right now, it's great! Though I'm still not sure if it's as great as Pyongyang.. :-)
You basically said " Obviously they you only live one" that makes no sense... RT Obviously they yolo.
thanks for spreading the word! You rock.
Building the Fan page! Exciting times!! More info to come soon..
it says Shoutout unfortunately you can only read it on the computer.... Not so well on the phone lol :)
The rain is just making it a more festive St. Patty's!
this effort by the lakers is absolutely appalling.
Despite the current political narrative, we were able to distribute 10,000 "How to Caucus for Kids" kits across
Need to take a step back & get back to my roots. Think I will be hitting the #GreenMill this weekend..love this place! bit.ly/JvJjH
you are cuz your the best
See you there! RT“: I just listened to 's soundtrack for 2012 #MustGoToDayton”
King King ain't got shit on me
A new BLESSED week...let's see what God will create in my life in the next 7 days!
We love Omar Daniel! Great composer and a super nice guy. Yesterday's concert was excellent. Viva Canada!
celebrating the last show of the year...thks to everyone for our best year yet. We'll c u all next year God bless
Just stopped at the ivory room, if your still in town!
shut up I missed u and guess what I have a bball game o_o
“: Sleeping with all your stuffed animals as a kid so none of them get offended.”
CAN'T WAIT for the quotes haha
I HATE MY PHONE.
it probably would be exactly the same as Huntingdon
well, if I don't, I'm sure gonna make it look like I do for the next 2 days ;-)
haha say what? I was out there Sat-Mon last week!“: where've you been man?? Haven't seen you on 3rd in a while!
“: To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift. -Steve Prefontaine”
#NP Honestly- (: my new favorite!
Love how Herbie Hancock constantly challenges himself as a musician. A sweet end to Sat night's
MT : 11/4/1965: Dickey Chapelle died, killed by a land mine in Vietnam, the first woman war correspondent killed in combat.
work hd?
MusicalStop.com lowest prices on the net for Indie Artists!
OMG, I only have 19 more days till I'm bound!
de regreso a twitter
A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough to take it all away.
In case you missed it pointed out the in #Google Disk's Terms of Service, you no longer own the content. BIG diff from Dropbox.
Just put AP on the board - went for $26; wish he had gone higher for strategy. $200 budget.
it's great to see you on here. Loved watching you play. All the best with your current endeavors. Go Vols!
#FiftyShadesofGrey purchase underway...since I'm a VERY mature person, I'm already making fun of it and I haven't even started reading!
where did u find that did u like make it on the computer or something
Chillin on the tightest side of sa with my boys topher and devin dear, also with my home girl may. Holla biz!!
Wow! You can feel the powerful emotions in the room at #upstream2012 - Youth Poets are incredible talented and insightful.
Unbelievable nose on this Madiran. Tobacco, spice box, rich black fruit, leather...it's so deep and just keeps going.
Feels good to be back at the clinic
Wanna be apart of the G+ Hangout series, you don't have to be a regular or comit to more than you can...? =)
you're welcome!
Editing my next Vlog
Embossing Tip - Use vaseline to mount the male/female die to the press.
#hungergames are happening right here in America every day. Some schools have over 90% of kids on free lunch program. Hunger is real.
I stand. RT A lot of us stand up! On their arses! MT : where does your digital media team sit?
lost 2.6 pounds since his last weigh-in! He's lost 21 pounds so far.
Ya, see what u mean with it not being overly produced.
Since that will screw up my entire mock draft can I pretend you didn't tell me this?
Yes ! RT : time to be taco stand wasted for 10 days.
Nope, if you live there you usually got off with a warning, got one of those, and we knew to not speed.
I will be performing this weekend with the "Mambo King" Eddie Torres at West Gate!!! Yay! Sat. night!!!
Damn Knicks are getting murdered<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
like oh, I don't know, this girl? Sounds good to me;)
Hot damn Gayle and the hired hands are tearing it up at hotel Utah - right now! We go on later
yeah I'm watchin the heat now and ill watch grizz after
thanks for the mention :)
Thanks for the kind words! RT : My current fave media: sharing the stories of those out in the field changing the world
A recap of the President's speech and the House Speaker's response. Watch 19News Nightcast
haven't started it yet but I also started tivoing GCB and Love Broker (my friend is on it) is Suburgs worth it??
coming to Louise to see you
Have fun at the Super Bowl!
shh that's the after party smh
oh my
Ask don't assume!
yeay fixed the screen blending mode error in Illustrator !! Now I can move on
I love oyster crackers.
Watching halftime reports for basketball is so funny:)
Getting all dressed up just to end up staying in for the night <<<<<<
That's what I was thinking. The Staal brothers on 1 team.
Everybody show some love to my friend jaiquel
I want cake, .___.
so tired right now
for the RT - hope you are well! :)
What do you dislike about the business model? Is $5 per habit too much? We're still figuring that out. /cc
We may be missing a crucial feature of being able to turn that back on. Adding it now.
*wink wink* lolz
Yaay! Just got a bit in the remake of Fright Night! The movie's as old as I am...
Leg day's my favorite....Today for me, Arms. Have a great workout!
yess!! Are you in Nashville!!!
Congrats to my OR-10 friends on their graduation! Celebrations and ceremony this weekend, but I bet it feels great to be done. #seeyaschool!
If you don't try new things, you won't learn new things.
Wish i didn't leave my rainboots back home !
Anytime. Just keep doing your thing!
Those little bits of contact no matter how small that meant something to me
thank you!
at the crib getting my 352 on
only this class
You're welcome! Thank you for all the great info everyday!
Please kill me, Tharia.):
I am so proud of myself @ ate an apple randomly with out being told to
laughing about the EMPTY box. I passed a Range Rover last night and pictured them driving gently over a brick entrance...also laughed
While none of our contributing inmates wrote of using water bags, we endorse water filled buckets as dumbbells!
He is a cute one, congrats buddy
sorry i texted him to do it! i called 1800 trudawg.com!
well i doubt you've read everything I've ever written on the net but you're reading just a little too hard into this probably
If you live in vacaville, ticket deliveries are at 3-4. Sacramento and roseville ppl are 5-7 :) confirm with me if were coming to you
Hungry? Why wait? Stop by and get 15% OFF w/ a
The Viper's Bugloss species or Tajinastes of Tenerife by Bard of Ely
Realizes now that the ideal time to experience Kurt Vile is after midnight.
You living in Cincinnati now?
What's good tonight?
I know. I don't know how I'm going to make it through the whole day. LOL.
- thanks!! Cheers!!
got my ticket :)
I do work in academia, after all. EXPLAIN ALL THE THINGS :-)
We can do it!
will Facebook buy Pinterest already, sort of tired of hearing about Pins...
We always wait until the last possible seconds to knab a win, maybe it will be the way this season goes too
Okay, I will as soon as I'm home. Raking leaves at the moment. :/
Funny day (:
I think it would be really cool/fun to work with a movie studio! I may get more stingy when I'm closer to graduation lol!
#FF Saturday is going to be gorgeous for 's As You Like It. Picnic in Griffith Park. I'm so there.
haha maybe I been on that mlb but I still got my skills bro
Need an uplifting mood scent? Try something with orange, patchouli, sandalwood or neroli oil in it.
.. I wondered who invented that word?
#Bobcats are the best! Bring on the RamenNoodles.com Bowl!
Don't play a game where the rules are rigged against you when you could be playing a game of your own making...
Weekly Ketchup: Kurtzman/Orci to Write The Amazing Spider-Man 2 This week's Ketchup includes news of a new Nicholas Sparks adaptation, ne
I've been here & there lol
oh fiddlesticks. Murray out to berdy. So my campaign 'murray for the french' has taken a minor setback. But good win for berdy.
Ha or you cud ignore me as you walk by and look straight at me. No kiss no hug no text.
Dana Inn Firefly short ribs, roasted brussel sprouts and chocolate hazlenut dessert/chantilly cream, outdoor fire pit sexy and sweet. Go now
<U+25CA> It's frustrating. If I made that much I'd be able 2pay all student debt, buy a house AND car free & clear.
hm what's the bet? Haha
Had a nice quiet day @ home with the family wathching golf Masters with the hubby & having a great Easter dinner Hope all gad a blessed day!
is loving on our Spanish peeps. Great Show!
What a busy weekend this was. Gonna finish watching the SAG Awards, then it's bed time for me. Back to reality tomorrow!
Welcoming and to INDUSTRY MODELS!!
Good afternoon everyone! Hope you are having a wonderful Saturday so far!
ur gonna do so much work against the heat. You know, cause there front court players are about as tough as I am
gross, it's like a Steve Ditko fantasy come true
If i let you be player one, can we fuck?
Finally got Twitter <3 Gaby !
brilliant idea - love world cocktail week at the vinoy - maybe i can drag
Time to head out
Homework Day shall be today!
where you gettin yours?
in fairness, it was teen jeopardy; catering to their questionable current tween pop culture. I think you get a pass.
Natural Law that no one reasonably disagrees with says you don't murder anyone, you don't steal someone's property, you live responsibly.
Hi ariana<3 i love your tattoo so much<3 will you get any more;p?<3
CONGRATULATIONS ON GETTING 31K FOLLOWERS!!!!
we are praying for you and your family today at our church.
“Let Your Voice Be Heard! Go and Vote Now! Let us work together to revitalize District 2. I am excited about this new journey that will...
Guy behind me: "I've never seen them do the national anthem on the field before"
congrats boo!!
teezee_yo Who would judge you for that? There are plenty of people (millions and millions, in fact) that date online.
So do I have a ride to school today or......
Jump the shark. Be bold. It didn't work for Happy Days, but it might work for you.
Thanks back at ya, I'll check it. All the best to you and yours!
Is back in Philly. Woot-Woot!
Reggie saved the nite
That sounds great. What college are uoui attending?
haha well i didn't know! :p I'm courtney(: where are you from?
The awkward moment when you type your password into the username section and you hope that no one saw it.
my drunk editing...?
of course! The more the merrier! Well at least for us anyways. :)
He turns me on so bad... His style is beyond anything y'all ever tried... #TeamExpress!!
||NP. I SEE YOU HAVE A FEW PROJECTS IN DEV (JERRY BRUCKHEIMER).I HAVE A FEW VFX SOLUTIONS FOR YOU IF INTERESTED.
SHE CALLN ME AGAIN ND IM GOUN TO HER!
john: "listen gurl i love you like i love chocolate cake! your eyes are like brown custard pies!" oh my heart!
appreciate the reply. Not even mad at the article, I see it as a challenge. Everyone has their opinion, but results speak loud.
Our parrot is in the bathroom bocking like a chicken and saying "Turkey!"
I think they should spend more $ to research this illness.
thank u so much!!!
I've decided to turn 2012 into a year of failure and depression.
Washington Post Book Review: Toni Morrison’s ‘Home,’ a restrained but powerful novel
Firehook Bakery & Coffee House has a great multigrain bread which is a very popular bread!
RT : Feeling honored that I get to introduce the legendary Rev. Cecil Murray in 10 minutes at #FromtheAshes conference!
There's so many different dynamics in my family it sucks.
YOU LOOK GORGEOUS IN YOUR NEW AVI PIC GAGA! YES I WILL MARRY YOU lol
Hey, how are you? :)
Save your money and hop on a freight train:-) .
Awesome!! That's totally what I was going for...glad she came off that way!
I want a lil boo thang...someone real..
Friday once again, did you do anything to lower your cost per acquisition? We can help. Contact us for more info 866.460.6611
Two chances to catch the Netherlands VS Cameroon match today. Live at 11:30am or again this evening at 6:30pm!
Let me go and sweep and mop the kitchen. Shit. Been reading this shit for hours and I lost my whole day laughing.
Those good feelings>>>
Only two weeks of school left. Freshman year has truly flown by
About half-way through the #FLdebate and I haven't seen anything to change people's minds or reverse current trends.
Off house hunting, 4/5 to look at I think, lost count, lol,wish us luck.
I am thoroughly enjoying the new Norah Jones album (with Danger Mouse) today. Next stop, per : the Rome album.
my #sales ebook is more about YOU, inside, than teaching you "sales techniques."
Having lunch with mama at Tredici!
No blogging after 11 pm! This new rule is suiting me quite well, I must say.
Hey look, the #RedSox started 2012 like they ended 2011.
why is Prometheus unappealing?
RIP #DonnaSummer! We love you!!!
Hiya back at 'ya! So great meeting you and having time to hang out! LMK if any ?s for NY move!
Free Divine Portabello App. for our Twitter followers tongiht - Just tell your server you Tweet with us. <U+2665> Grazie
Yard work and then a ride on the Monon this afternoon. Need to stop at for new caps for my stems on my tires.
Governor Walker and WEDC CEO Paul Jadin in #MKE today to sign contract for $750k for #water startup companies.
Reject letters? Here’s one Joseph Heller got for Catch-22: “I haven’t really the foggiest idea about what the man is trying to say...”
I just got out the shower
Who knew writing 3-4 page reflection on designing a public history website could take this long? Almost done!
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will
I can't wait for my next paycheck. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Is mucus considered a throat booger?
When was sliced bread first introduced to the market?
Bosh need to man da fuk up n take it to da rim
...where did all this patience from Ibanez come fm?...struck out 18.4% of time last yr...<<Was he platooning or everyday?
Me & Mady are so lazy, lmao.
Canon tech support thought it was most likely bc the camera isn't compatible with FireWire800.
#100thingsihate being cold !
Emoji-rectum. Obviously. RT What the hell is this <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>?”
Are you brave enough to let me see you PEACOCK? Don't be a chicken boy, stop acting like a BEEOTCH. (;
please follow me. Fellow filmmaker, huge fan! You and your father are an inspiration to young black filmmakers like me.
It was given to me last Wednesday oops
R.I.P. Steve Jobs. A genius and true visionary, he forever changed the way people interact with technology.
Dat ass, part VII, Return Of Da Big Ass.
Damn, I get busy & the time twits away. DVD project put 2 bed. "Too High" big band arrangment completed. Estonia/Finland Mar trip got solid.
you are so fucked up
come find me. i'll be at Aniu then, too
Golf or honey-do projects?
Bitch what im mad fa if i wnt hym i cn get em
Smart of to move the Feherty show with as guest to this evening.
I am playing at the belly Up so I won't be dancing :(
What cleanse are you doing? I've been meaning to ask.
LMFAO SACHA BARON COHEN ON CHATTY MAN
// There is literally no way I can be upset by that!
I am so sleepy but I am more scared of the bad weather. I am tired but still watching the news for any changes.
Save PE! Attend PPS School Board mtg tonight! 6:30 p.m, 501 N. Dixon
Rio Rancho schools closed again today. ..as is APS mountain schools. I-25 closed South of ABQ Belen to Cruces.
RT #Oscars: Opening number changed. War Horse broke his leg, had to put him down.”
Hey T! We are following you back, how are you?
HAHAHHAA omg oooohh I'm so cute! ;)
Hey Bellingham, I'm coming up Saturday and staying the night... Where should I go and what should I do?
I love Mardi Gras.. brings back the spirit of just being free and happy!
"Learning never exhausts the mind." - Leonardo da Vinci
wow! Never seen a trombone player so tanked on a gig. 2nd thought-never seen a tbnist so tanked off the gig
Omw to Hollywood wit my bro gonna be turnt
Things obviously changed for the better <3
#MittRomney To Mock #NewHampshire Bridge Backed By His Supporters.He's goin 2 stand on dat beautiful landmark & say it should've fall apart
Will you follow me? Pleasee?<3(:
Thanks for following Thanks for you rhard work keeping Clevelanders informed and yelped!
These beets are fondling all the food in the basket.
frustrated as fuck
Only took 28 laps for danica Patrick to go a lap down
i think i saw u at school finly:o
ray Lewis had great quote in this week SI. Said QB position changing& most don't get it
im tired AF <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> i hate working mornings..
You never say "But yeah" Anymore!!
Don't have it. :p
I've decided to try to run a half by end of November...going to shoot for close to 3 miles tonight and hope to be at 5 by June
Awh, thanks! I love you more though!
Premiere of "Battleship" >>>>>
So torn!
“: It is the challenges that make things happen ! Love Diane”
"Just Omar, he don't need no last name" -Bubbles #TheWire (RT )
#edshow Breaking News: GOP Moves To Repeal Ten Commandments ~ Finally Realized Their Regulations
Going to be a sexy weather girl in the show.. Which is being pitched to Universal! So excited!!
black chocolate imperial stout now pouring.
This game is still too close!
anytime bro...know anyone in Gatlinburg?? that owns a hotel or motel for a wish??
At La Venta Inn. This place is #BEAUTIFUL!!!
damn Yankees....! Kidding. I wouldn't be rude, too much midwest hospitality over here! But really...
Watching live streams over the Internet, able to rewind and replay at will, I am reminded of just how dead conventional tv really is.
weak. Aim higher
All of our rooms feature brand new High definition 32" flat screen TV's.
Ouch. Is down or my Google Apps?
Usually hale and hearty up here but the mild winter has made me soft (and kept me dry). Will report any other horrible developments.
Have they made a season 2?
49-year-old #Rockies pitcher JAMIE #MOYER becomes oldest pitcher to ever win a #MLB game..
if you know anyone that would like a fun, friendly clown please tell them about Dizzy D's Parties! ;) Have FUN!!
Next, should enable free download on domain sketchbooks, esp. to museum visitors' own devices ( is this you?)
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.
Getting together with the people soon to practice the music, where are you ?
Hey! let's talk about your ideas!
R.I.P MY BIG BRO STACEY HILL.. IM FUCKED RITE NOW SO DONT MIND ME!!
It's nice catching up with someone and realizing nothing has changed
I am ready for Good Friday.
haha! Michigan State for him but I'm all UofM or nuthin.
having some issues lately but trying to stay positive! How are you my dear??
Looking forward to participating on the marketing panel this afternoon will you be there ?
I more day
Good point! RT I think a lot of our seniors hoarding is generational
its always sunny in philadelphia marathon (:
It is SUPER NICE OUTSIDE. Head to Frederick for #MdCBF. Tons of #mdbeer! See you there.
If you received an e-mail from me via LinkedIn, I'm sorry! I selected 4 people to connect, and it sent 800!
<3 RT you can do it mari! I believe on you! <3 lol
I had a wonderful morning and I look forward to a great afternoon
1 in 5 homes experience a break in or home invasion. Don't become a statistic. Call Alliance Security 877-760-2143
most important question: does it have a shower
bring your straightner babes n.n
"why are all girls obsessed with a deal?" - jack Keenan
Vegas baby....
NE won't even make real throwback Padres caps because it's too hard to make the bell. Easier to make it entire front panel
Brandy re: The Hunger Games: "If they're hungry they shouldn't be playing games in the first place." Brunch is always her answer to all!
I'll "pirate" that straight off :) Thanks!!
Someone needs to text me nudes. You know who you are
No way, what is this garbage?! GET UNGROUNDED FOR MONDAY GODDAMMIT...
Sweet! Did you have to put it in dry rice to draw the water out of it?
I feel a charge up coming...
Chemistry homework while on Spring Break? Yeah. We'll see about that one.
I used to sleep. Before I joined Tumblr and Twitter.
Which TACO TUESDAY taco is your favorite? Chipotle Pollo? Chorizo? Pork Al Pastor? Let us know & you might win a SURG gift card!
Don't forget we will be open tomorrow for 12-4PM! Check off those gifts from your holiday shopping list!
No Doubt! Also loved the mother's basement crack this morning ...
But there’s a man above that we all under bro No bread truck but he work wonders though!
no i haven't finished i'm working on it i'm waiting for my brother to get home he can help me
Certainly not, Marxism has collapsed.
We trippy mane!!!!
Dome's internet access a bit laggy again, will try to keep up. Thea took lead over shocking, 0-0 jam
that's exactly what I used to get the bottle open.
relaxing from a hard workout. Sore :) “: doing well. Watching Johnny Depp movie, always good. How are you?”
Gonna get things done
All though my music has a more, " Live like sound ". (without the fan responce) I am now looking for some help in the engineering and...
Couldn't agree more. Still have 's thought-provoking interview w/Radio New Zealand's Kim Hill coupla yrs ago on my iPod.
Playing some Mizzou football at NCAA Draft Party.
Fondue party!!
you know I'm down whenever. It'll happen very soon
Power 92 Chicago w/O ??? NO FREAKIN WAY!!!!
thank you! so glad you enjoyed them! :-)
SMH...I bad as I feel, I feel worse for Derrick.
the sky... gas prices. unemployment rate.. the usual
California, baby!
proud to have been major sponsor of MLK memorial only memorial on mall dedicated to man of peace hope and color
Pacers hosting a Viewing Party for Game 1 vs Miami at Champps at Keystone Crossing. Party starts at 3pm with Pacemates, prizes
RT“ Happy 20th Birthday to my brother Jeremy Dominic Swift!! I wish you were here with us <U+2665>. Still screaming #RipSwift!!!”
Eric Reid and Marcelo Balboa on our podcast at thescore1510.com! Also, Tim McCarver/Joe Buck coming up next segment! Mile High Sports, 1510
Seal Team 6 is outside the Khardashian complex disguised as the Denver Nuggets
Did one of the presenters at #dbc2012 say that press releases are obsolete or did I just dream that?
Not a Jet fan at all but they are a compelling team to watch after acquiring Santonio Holmes. Hard Knocks should have quite a show.
Waiting for a burglar to cut your phone line and defeat your alarm before you call us? Wireles monitoring for $25 a month, get secured!
Former Chicago Bears Roland Harper Speaks Against Bullying in the Stateline
wait, quinoa is kosher for passover?
#digitaltext I brought donuts. You guys bring the beverages.
happy birthday sissy :)) !!!
Another kid who attacked the 17 year old asian manRAYMOND PALOMINO-white guy with no mask.who said hold my gloves in the vid
Wing Daddys sounds good right now :)
#freeboosie ha RT : if you see a $50 in this stash I'm a _____
I Want Sex Sex Sex Sex Sex
I sing RnB but this should be interesting. God bless!!!
“Authentic empowerment is the knowing that you are on purpose, doing God's work, peacefully and harmoniously.” Wayne Dyer
that's cool what you got?
I try to keep my expectations low.. It's easier that way. ;)
Check my profile :D
Don't worry Andre Miller I got dunked on by Marvin Williams once too
those are big shoes just wanna help the team
My 3 yr old Zach wants to know if independent party has an animal mascot - like the Reps with elephants and Dems with donkeys. Anyone?
Hey Radio station
Why do new dollar bills smell like a wet dog?
Good Morning Tweetland...may your day be filled with love, sunshine, glitter and a few lychee martinis....big love, Miss Ellie. x
..sounds like it might have some 'bite' to it...
At least ppl are pretty calm
$2 DRINKS ALL NIGHT AT BROADWAY BAR !!! 8800 BROADWAY !!! $2 TUESDAYS !!!
Thanks bud! Really appreciate it. I'll be in contact should I have any questions.
THAT'S A WRAP!!!!!!! working with was AMAZING...such good people :-)
MAJOR announcement about The Vinyl Affair reunion tomorrow at 2. Stay tuned to FB and twitter.
ok imma check some things out and keep u posted
AW <3 hope it doesnt hurt to much!! want me to bring you some ice? ;)
DESIREE! Find me before school tomorrow!!!!!
My professional, educational, and roommate worlds collide at the chiropractor's.
Join our mobile adoption team today at Petsmart on Coors Bypass! 9:30 am-5:00 pm.
Check out our newly updated website www.relishlv.com!
Happy Mother's Day to your madre<3
Mango burger....hmm. That's interesting.
ROMAN RELOADED XX IM STRONGER THAN THAT!X FUK YOU IM STILL HERE. LAST TIME ON TWITTER!x
#ThatAkwardMoment when you choke on your own saliva...
My car is dying slowly
Privately, Mr. Lincoln knew a dire situation had grown more grim. He summoned me and Secretary of State Seward to his office.
Wow!!! Congrats!
mics were set up for the police press conference, looked like she went before them on her own
Getting ready for showcase #SXSW - on at 10:30pm. Last show in Austin!
Are you playing in NYC anytime soon? I've been a fan since I was a wee thing and your musicianship has been such an inspiration.
market opens at 9am I thought
Im king
All I really want for my future is to be SUCCESSFUL and to have enough money to get my family outta Detroit and be set for life
Making plans to be for the #FlaDerby with and #FTBOA CEO Lonny Powell. Hope to see you there
Oh Tweet world how I missed you!!!
Real niggas always cheat on they tests.
RT Today your happiness will not be denied
Imma go shower now &hahah yeahh I'm sure... ;;)
So relieved it's not the same sample we used for Bruce Willis!! That was a close one.....
RT : RT : Proud of Tebow, that guy is a winner!!
#SIX great #ForeverLiving #Aloe product selections: Skin Care, Personal Care, Drinks, Weight Management, Nutrition!
Wanna see what's going on with barons knee but I don't wanna turn this #orioles game off.
RT : A4: Their local Emerging Arts Leaders network (for SF its ) & conferences
HDMI input or component video or ? are you using (assuming HD signals are used)?
What the hell is wrong with me? Went to bed at 2 and woke up at 7.....
that image was the poster for the final season. While you are too young for this, #sixfeetunder had magnificent ad campaigns.
I have a vision in my head: The Easter Bunny and Santa have a fight. Cue montage of "Now You're Just Some Bunny That I Used to Know."
Finally showed up on time for #nytm ... it is starting late
I just call it the "Nordic Look"
HIstory of AirNow program--from worries about how non-experts would interpret air quality info, to smartphone apps .
Wow! Congrats guys! RT : So cool! RT And the winner of our Facebook design blogger contest is .... !
amma act like i aint see that tweet lol
[Viral Tip ] Have a contest. Hire influential "guest bloggers" to judge it.
Excited to have former Wyoming Gov in my eco dev meeting this morning talking about WV's proposed future fund.
i have a paperback and kindle edition- and yup- its bad ;)
Working on post right now, and filming Pickup shots around NYC this week.
it's my 1st time participating in National Record Store Day! I'll be headed to my neighborhood in Portland!
Yes, I am dialed in for the Trials! And seeing you in Charlotte
Hey I have the captivate, but did not upgrade yet. What happened with yours?
I have no idea what to say in this eulogy. Dear nana, please help :)
yes of course just followed...can I please get a followback?!? <3
Ian Clugston wouldn't stand for that: Does Seguin have his sleeves rolled up? What is he, 14?
#iTendTo play some pretty sweet tunes!
Happy Valentine's Day
i don't have a final for 1st period, but i do for second. What time should i be there?
Yeah, I meant movement overall, but agree.
Happy the night is over.
Hey Broncos win! Going to the Joe! #BroncoHockey will see you next week for the next round of CCHA playoffs! #GoBroncos!
no not d wade just lebron
Savor your experiences of life today. Give yourself love & shine love to others. If it's hard to find the love in your heart, pay attention!
My life is becoming a living hell...
& Kristen Gallagher, Chris Alexander, Anselm Berrigan, Macgregor Card and more hello Alu! New York. Rooftop party in bushwick to end the eve
Feeling bad that it is 's birthday & I'm so slammed with work today I can't devote much time til later. Y'all be nice to him, ok?
Hey. All of you. Go follow because he's fucking amazing. And I love him. He's my best friend.
Love how commercials say "for full figured women" and the models are still MAYBE a size 6. Society. Sheesh. #T&A
Who's tryna match a little sheeva?
Not to tweet anyway
only 900 bucks.. D: I'll just quickly whip some money up for you
lol ok and yeah he's crazy for sour patch kids
I love your body. Those four little words hold so much power. sextip
I see lol and that's mean xD!!! Well I guess but I'm not gonna get my hopes up nor well I even try as hard as I should if
Absolutely true. Well-spotted.
Was this the source of the $8 matzoh ball? Was it studded with foie and topped with a fried egg? Side of kishke poutine?
Fantastic. Took 20m to get from silver spring to takoma and then we offload. Blarg!
Shit, my rent is due today! Yesterday was February 29, and I thought that I had 2 more days to pay my rent.
Brian Price!! QUESTION 2: Who was drafted in the same round with me to the #Bucs the year I got selected?
Got pets? Scout's House on soon - talking about pet weight loss! www.ff.ly/mq7nbk Tune in at 11:00AM Pacific
The chances of you seeing this are 1/13, but could you follow my twitter. I listen to your cd evertyday when I run. love, FJR.
I'd turn les for that homegurl.
roasted leek and potato soup!
lots of favs tonight thanks guys i feel super validated
Good job Yovani
Into the fourth quarter, Scott County leads 41-14.
Missing and and wishing a happy thanksgiving weekend to them!
Happy Super (Titty) Tuesday!
Doesn't matter...it was a non-elimination leg, anyway. :)
great job of showing how social strategy fits into busness & customer strategy
Even my dog gets up to leave the room when I sing.... #doireallysuckthatbad?
where is Corinne cam? On cmt website?
Check your inbox for our latest newsletter!
For those who are studying at Temple Japan and for the students who have family, friends, and loved ones in Japan, we are praying for you.
Games put us in context so we know why we are doing what we're doing. at
I was in Halifax, at a summer camp!! No time for computers/phones. It was kind of nice actually...
yeah. idk. i'm upset.
Sad news about Red Sox announcer Carl Beane, killed in a car crash near Sturbridge Mass. R.I.P
Wake up ..its fight day mayne... time to make all the boricua's in Puerto Rico proud mayne. We don't back down
Tnx for follow.
The world's population has just reached 7 billion. The phrase “you’re one in a million” is now officially an insult.
You already know that is not allowed near kids.
thanks man!
Hope to see you on the road soon!
Happy Earth Day! What are you doing to celebrate #EarthDay?
I'm not going to prom
Sorry for the problems w/your site. Please follow & DM the primary domain & we can look into this further ^CH
Quit having fun without me and come home!
i love twitter
Thanks for coming by yesterday during #blogtournyc! Enjoy the rest of the tour! Love the pics you posted!
No power in my SSJ neighborhood.
Bus, bike or car? How have gas prices hurt your daily #commute? We want to hear from #SouthLA residents!
Success doesn't bring happiness, happiness brings success..
Katz: which cases settled - upcoming paper. Over 24MM filed cases uses in analyss
Late Again *Shrugs*
Health Tips: the average spend on supplements is around $400 a year, move your purchases online to save an average of 100, and save gas
thanks for the RTs.
Looking for artist to add to our management roster!
Bbq and a little game of thrones!
Idk I just like weighing out my options knowing I'm just jumping into something SCARES ME **shrugs**
Kobe is not pacers we talking bout pacer not lakers
Let's start the day with a hacked iTunes account. Suddenly the crate of cd's I was about to pitch sound a lot better...
Cuomo says Comptroller's audit power was always in tact.
Haven't washed my hair since Sunday, definitely pulling tonight
Training sessions are on hold for the Holidays. Limited spots open for January. Call or email today!
The Vineyard it is!
Enjoy your tea!
we should do a song
Lots of people sans pants on the west side!
maybe earlier
just wondering if saw where the Braves swept the Cards
No worries! :)
there r cute !!
"Harness the power of social media and use it for your purpose" #socmedcon WOW, I like this!
#microstories "I'm ok, he doesn't hit me that hard."
i'll try, maybe someone will have a phone with good vid quality :/
if I followed you would you follow back =]
"You're so lazy." "No, I'm not. I've been converting oxygen into... carbon dioxide all day."
Can he fail his physical on purpose?
"Heart is what separates the good from the great." - Micheal Jordan
Where do you draw the line between ops and security? Running scans, reviewing configurations, etc.
Wow, 5,000 crazy people are following this pissed off municipality. Don't you all have anything better to do?
So bored at BWI airport waiting for flight to Afghanistan. Bored
Finally home!! Couldn't be happier!! #drake was amazing!! #clubparadisetour #jcole #2chainz #meekmill any fans??
Petterino’s invites you to join the fun tonight…stop by Monday Night Live after 7pm!
Interesting. Not sure I understand all the particularst. Junaio is like Layar? Will explore further.Thanks!
Work day is finish. Students come tomorrow. I hope they are excited to start as I am. I'm excited about the upcoming year
If ur not working on trying to be mine then u shouldn't be worrying about who's consuming my time
love you cutie<3
I've got some LL Cool J concert tickets to giveaway!
which world
That is ridiculous. Hope you didn't lose your work.
Hi Fleet! are you still in touch with Dave Gold? I know that you two did a documentary together.
Just had the illest epiphany
Just learned a new English expression - "bald" tire - which was the condition of mine!! #gomacalva #neumatico LoL
Watch out! I smell an upset. “: “… the other guy wakes up at 5 in the morning to talk [expletive] and work out.””
ah I wish I could of been there!!! To heal all the pain! I love you!
I need yu to do me a favor
Surely, running SEED is not the basis in which you subjectively measure the education reform results in DC?
Don't run to the bathroom
Secure transportation, order a $9 pizza, get free entry to a club, enjoy a 2 for 1 golf trip, get local deals instantly on our device.
anyone have info on what the polls are saying in each race?
You get in the biggest fights with those you care most about, because those are the relationships worth fighting for.
nope you text me ion got ya number
Worst dream ever last night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
NP Forgot To Be Your Lover
RT : The internet: your one-stop shop for finding people that agree with you.
I was told to buy a similar mattress to mine for my kid. Makes it more comfy & familiar for my child. So we got him a pillowtop
in comparison to the sun is nothin' :) You pickin' up what Im puttin' down my sista? lol (70 black mans voice) lol
Oh and a HUGE congrats to & for winning the video contest!!!!!
Birthday? Anniversary? Just graduated, or maybe you just need to say "thank you"...Check out our E-Cards. Thier FREE!!
Fred Sanford style
thank you for listening, John!
I feel a major sunburn coming on...totally worth it.
might want to give some more assistance for the NHL cover vote. is working hard...
Good luck!
Norwegian runner, Grete Waitz won the New York Marathon 9 times
Thanks, but store went under - another indie fatality. But you could support in SF. Great store & a small press too!
Poetry Jam competition---win cash at Black Writers On Tour . Go to 2Fwww.blackwritersontour.com%2F&h=98508
Tiny Gulf Coast Town Struggling with Ike Recovery - Insurance Journal
I'm into that...have to look into it
Fat is an essential part of human diet
Happy Birthday and
We need to drink again soon :)
Hm ... me thinks tonight is going to be full of revelry and nefarious activities. But only on #DowntonAbbey, of course.
Did you know pinterest is the fastest growing form of social media? How do they store all that data?
Thanks for the #FF today! Going 2 be a cool weekend, "Leap of Faith" in LA, munchkings' games, & Chargers Sun! Mon 5am CBS8.com rainy AM.
The Chief of Staff on #Scandal "Don't ever let a crisis go to waste Mr. President"
And that --> RT Less Usher holding on to 2004. More Will Ferrell. He's got 3 Best Ofs.
Okay, it was Tina. ": Junk sighting already out of the way! #TCAF”
no doubt sweetie
Goo day my baseball game canceld so I can go to bball and I lost my gym lock and was about to get in trouble but I found it in teacheroffice
Holly Witchey and I are working on the theory of inspiratelativity at the Museum Ed Division evening reception
i can judge u cuz i feel like it
you need to change your password your spamin
Studies suggest that the psychological pain of a break up hurts just as much as physical injury
thanks for the follow. Hope all is well.
- N is always the issue. If I had $1 every time someone generalized from too small a sample, I wouldn't need to fundraise.
I hate spiders!
Parenting tip: as toddlers charge towards leashed pit bulls, teen mother says to kidz if they bite you it his (my) fault
Looking to lose those last few lbs? Try this: Only consume carbs from grains & starches within 3hrs post workout. Other meals? Fruit & veg
W.artofevilgeniuses.com check us out. San Jose HipHop. W.soundcloud.com/artofevilgeniuses
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
damn it.... hahahaha. I wanna see this roommate of yours... lmao
The humbling experiences of life actually place us in a posture of productivity. - Ruth Harvey from The Shelf of Life
How is everyone doing this fine morning?!
Wonderful New York Daily News article #MollyQuinn tiny.cc/opfet
I saw you Austin and josh!
That moment when you feel helpless cause you can't help your best friend...
ur the best forever!!!!!!!!!!luv ya
doing homework cause I couldn't go to dance:/
Lets hope I get some kind, cause tomorrows Monday. I don't like Mondays.
I need some comfort
There's some serious interferance GPS kept placing me in Cranston RI until I step across hall 2 next Gate. Got 4sq finlly fixed-yay
i give up u win. ur too witty for me.
mine too!
Someone in S510 said worthy as "worth-y" the other day. It blew my mind.
DC: Cast your vote for GRAY (mayor) and BROWN (council chair), I did! DO THE RIGHT THING!!
I cab understand the book club as a social vehicle, but I just can't figure out what kind of books are "men's books"
how are you guys going to send me a b-day card without any drink vouchers?
Food time than more gym !
Bikram Yoga's new ringing endorsement: "I've gone twice in the last week and am not dead yet."
Thanks! We'll be exhibitng at Decorex in London this September, we're the featured center marquee launching our new collection. Sh
15 almost 16 and has no fear of authority, nothing gets through to him
your best buddy Mark Belling's horse?!
duh. haters RT : well. No kiddo
No school for me tomorrow . I think .. Woo
Holy shii, you're still alive!? I haven't seen you in freakin' FOREVER
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary
I'm sure they will once the canvass results are finalized, I have a call into SBOE to ask this question (among others)
Happy to know other females come before me .
RT Down Load "C'est LA Vie" tonight and Will buy you a McLobster!!! [X_x]CDRCLV
THANKS BABY GIRL BIG HUG HOW ARE U?
Sy Hersh presenting @ #Ridenhour Awards to Lt. Col. Daniel Davis who exposed sr. Military leadership deceptive portrayal of afghan war
Now following <3
English. Orphaned language on a lonely planet.
shout out!! How are you doing?? Missing you
how sweet
probably. So do you think there's one in Britain? Because the BBC is British, right? Haha when my mom asked where this was & I
Y the news only talk to the dumbest ghettest niggas on tv????.
oh i will don't worry it shall happen <3
Feed your faith and your fears will starve to death. ~ Author Unknown
you may have to just show her seeing is believing
What do I need to know before buying a new cover for my hot tub? Mine barely made it through the winter. Anything new? 32912
Oh and don't forget we are open till 3 AM on Friday and Saturday nights starting tomorrow!
All four dogs have been given their bath, now back to football.
Haha now I need to try and go find them at Marley Fest!! I know where Mileena is gonna be!! Hahaha
HEY I NEED TO POOP ON YOU
Thanks for registering Sharon!
I didn't even put feeling I put freaking!!
Hope you warmed up ;) I would like to go to church service with you tomorrow morning.
LMS if music is your passion! Share if you're livin' off music
that's insightful. An interesting theory.
I LOBB YOU MORE. Now clean your room <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
my brother in law made it a few years ago after seeing you make it somewhere now we request it every Thanksgiving.
Yep! Have you ever been to Washington?
im Justin.You shook my hand after game. Im the manager for Spruce Creek bball. We played u in december.. Good luck at #duke!
#WHATHESHELL! come on boston
Twitter Chat as our guest to talk about content+collaboration. via
he was in the hallway walking past us. He a creep & a unk !
YAY!!!! Congratulations :) We'll be home tomorrow at some point.. haha
How did the telephones get married ?In a double ring ceremony !
Casual Racism = great band name!
Is there a Maker Faire at WWDC12 time? Also, are you going to WWDC12? Waiting on scholarship.. :(
um why?
My mother on the phone: "Oh! Sorry I can't talk right now!" and then proceeds to talk for 5 minutes.
ditto for me and we'll call it even. I already know a venue that would like that lecture. Know anyone who likes coin magic?
“: It's Sunday night....so please please please play some ! :)” THX Jen!
True, but on other side, the right has had fun talking about #Obama eating dog as a child & his college girlfriend recently
Goodnight satellites.
weird ass dream!
what zup with justin bieber :(
what time it start
what are you talkin about Justin?! lol
Where'd you buy yours? Comfy?
lol only if you be mine next time the summer set or tonight alive is in town ;)
not watching it now. But they just said it was personal problems. Idk what that is?
should be how much is Brady the blame for not making the throw he needed to make on left sideline Branch caught but outOB!
OKThank you for your FLOWER
College of Global looking for anything from Cyprus?
The cost of not following your heart, is spending the rest of your life … wishing you had. ~J Paulsen
Muppets...then maybe tree if there is time!
Hello Everybody!
is charlie sheen played out?
yes I'm still in town!!
Great Attitude! YOU are already a Great Mom! :+D
you're welcome! Congrats on the great episode!
hey,did you check ur email
Tonight I hope to bid goodbye, sayonara, adieu and ciao to Mr. Bulmer and the Kelowna Rockets.
Congratulations, Lali! There you are on the SLJ home page! So cool!
Shucks...I dream of a world where we all have equal access to free WiFi wherever we go.
Who learned a new trick today, and what one??
on twitter during church class? Only you can do it like a boss;)
McNabb??? Sorry brother he shouldn't even be a HM. I put you way ahead of him
about being a grandpa? That was funny right after he said he wasnt having anymore kids
Thanks to everyone who came out to to watch It's always a blast Win Lose or draw. See you all this Sat
what are y'all up to tonight? Want to hang?
“I will continue to advocate for all the citizens of District 2. This campaign is not about me. This campaign is about you believing we...
surf n turf #swag #iwannagiveashoutoutto Scott Cook
Headed to "how to market in a down economy" seminar... Take good notes!
Thanks! Merry Christmas to you too!
Working at Peaberry Coffee again. I wonder if they will start sponsoring me for posting this if I mention my work location often enough...?
Thunder storms are Greaaatttt
i accidently ereased everything on my sim card :(
Flying on a Saturday night
is there a deadline to take pics? Thanks for tweeting this.
Well it simply boils dwn 2 the fact tht the phone manufacturers put their own cstm skin on top of Android tht do wht they want.
Ahmad Bradshaw Is so quick and powerful, perfect running back
ha he's on the same!
Added incentive to watch Timbers In 30: we're giving away a pair of game tickets. Timbers In 30, Sunday at 6pm on KPTV Ch12.
"the world rewards exceptional....Good is rarely good enough..."
Hell yes! RT : no ACL for me..just UT vs UCLA will do just fine!!!
guh I ain't look at it like that I said cute
I arrive tonight. See you dudes tomorrow and beyond!
I know you've missed it...but it's back! Pick up the on stands now!
I love u too
Hi Curtis, thanks for the tweet about Scrubly, how did you like the service? Love StuckInCustoms!
shawty wanna tell me secrets bout an athlete. told that chick its more attractive when you hold it down!
just got up from a nap and feel TONS better!
I did some demos this morning and an chilling in my room b4 the 1pm sessions.
Need some help with your business telecoms?.. call the Globalnet Team: 0844 880 2010
Besides, I want to cover it, and promote it really well. deserves the best.
I love advertisements for things that make you feel like you have less stuff.
Don't worry, It's in rotation now, just stay tuned. :-)
Wow, Alan made it onto one of the most disturbing book covers (title included) ever produced! Congrats, !
I miss being bored.
I needs a drink lol
Recorded/filmed last night at the studio- great music and great ppl. See them tonight at obriens pub in Allston!!
You're pretty awesome yourself, Ramy. Really enjoyed meeting you. Please keep in touch.
is Terra's good? I have never been.
YOU'RE SO FUNNY AND YOUR TWEETS MAKE ME HAPPY
Boner jams 03
Love the audio interview!!! You are awesome!! :-)
At the Magic Kingdom. Haven't been here in awhile.
is about 800 likes away from 7000 on Facebook! they're one of our featured bands, so go help them out :)
#teamdjpaulyd what what!
lool it was such a funny moment ngl but after i was jus like - dad..im gonna be a car journey away not a flight away. -.-
Thanks for the RTs, mentions
#10RandomThingsAboutMe I'm a diabetic, disabled #PersonalTrainer and started my own #PersonalTraining business at 20yrs old
#FF ... all great people to follow
Every nite i pary to god that i will one day meet madison ik it still hasnt happen but i still have faith in him<3
I just feel like it would be like opening pandora's box with all the maintenance to keep it up. We'll see.
I'm glad Gods on my side and fights for me.
#vivaflorida500 Where will you be in 2013?
almost as bad as #Phillies keys to the game
Trivia Tuesday starts tonight at 9 p.m. Don't be late! Winning team gets 1/2 off their tab, yo.
RT : Indy biz owners needing to master LinkedIn conversions, attend BS&T Forum Friday 9-10 a.m. is guest speaking...
<<<That Smile is SEXY AS HELL!!!! All my clothes just fell off! Rock bring me to MIAMI!!
glad to help. Even though I may have made enemies of those that don't want you to leave
the Holy Grail? That sandwich looks incredible!
June 1 I'm back RT When will u be home mam
RT : Interesting discussion on what technology is selling into K-12 school security here at
when do you think we will bottom out? When is it a good time to buy?
not feeling anything at all is the best feeling there is
Would "Cloverfield" apply? Or was that just really bad filmmaking.
Festival of Grace in Kisii, Kenya was overwhelming. People in their numbers said yes to Jesus and He was present to heal ALL their diseases.
"My Girl" was jamming out to that yesterday!!! :)
I would call Nancy she has all the connections.
i know! like, wtf. that story made no sense too.
wanna know something? LOL
amazing :D
we can never predict whats going to happen--Life has it's ways of sneaking up on us & paving alternate routes.
Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! Who's still out shopping for black friday?
Thanks for the follow! We enjoyed our first #brandchat today. Do u have any suggestions for more biz twitter chats?
“: need more work but I see yu lol” c'mon now.. You kno how I get dwn.. Haha
I went last week and had to go back for more over the weekend. YUM!
ya I will be
What does #FF actually mean :L
tried really doe
that would *not* be nice
The twitter account is like the boy who cried wolf (on student loan debt, phone jammers, etc.). If the boy cried wolf 50 times a day
Morning pooters! Lets grabe our keys put up our posters and ride the sunset until we burn from frost bite!!! Hell yeah!
thanks for the good tunes. #Avishai Cohen (Bassist)
happy b-day for yesterday cassidy i hope u had a nice one ily :)
Please join us on 11/30 as we co-host the 2nd Annual Diversity Summit. For more info, visit www.dcnaaahr.org
“: Great Satans! Sorry about your downgrade. I guess you are kinda like the Tito Jackson of free market economies.
I wanna play safety, but you didn't offer me a contract :(
i need to take a nap
i deleted my account...
At the park with Riley. Pondering humans' competitive nature. What would Kickball be without it?
I'm itching for a Mad Men spinoff all about Sally Draper and Roger Sterling.
OMG u r noa kress how r u?
LOL I HAVE THOSE DAYS TOO WHEN B.S. GETS ON MY NERVES
Perhaps the DOW can crack 12,000 on the downside. I can imagine that it will happen sooner rather than later, unless positive news breaks.
I'm hoping to meet some ELA flippers to help develop ideas for my literature
TRAFFIC: Crash - EB Belt @ Old Sauk
#Attention follow launch coming soon...
um hm
"So do you have a name" :No my parents decided not to give me one. they call me girl :D"
You can't follow me back Emperor Afroman?? I'm mean I am your chief of staff
“: someone retweeted something I said 102 days ago? o_O” lmao shit is real out there!
I don't even how to respond to that: w/ agonized weeping and gnashing of teeth? Or painful cries of hellicious despair!
The average person laughs 13 times a day.
So ready to compensate for the sleep that has been evading me for the past few days :)
looking for "crime novels" for middle school readers...stories akin to CSI TV series. Please post suggestions...
Fort Laud's Las Olas version of Miami's Bay Harbor Island restaurant Asia Bay features sushi and Japanese dishes, as well as thai favorites!
I'm actually going to the tasting tonight. Any must-try recommendations from what you've had so far?
BOO !! Don't let the $15 dollar locksmith trick you!! LOCKED OUT ? CALL US NOW. 24/7 @ (503) 241-4922.
Don't know if you're a Dirk Bogarde fan, but I found his 3 "Doctor" movies on netflix streaming today.
First ever live Twitterview today @ 4 pm with Fletcher Cox, the most common Eagles pick at 15. You bring the questions via Twitter. Check in
What Irrational feelings are you referring to? As far as "beyond reproach" Yes patriotism plays a role in times like these.
#shoutout, #mention, #followback and #promote YOU!
is anyone a Rangers fan? lol k
“: Less than 7hrs until the premeir of #BGC8!!!!! Las Vegas baby!!! #WildCards” O god here we go, u know I'm watchin.
I'm not a perfectionist....but I'm a perfectionist. If that makes sense.
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me38
get well soon #sendinglove :)
Unless UVa wins this game (or wins the ACC tournament), we do not deserve a bid to the NCAA tournament.
“Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.” --Malcolm S. Forbes
Early start before work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
No Pizza Tonight at the food truck thinger?
Reality is not based on perception, it's the effect caused by it.
What's your best film? I'll check it out.
The only reason I'm awake right now is that I'm reading an awesome book. Percy Jackson FTW.
my little brother is bad ass hell omg get you life
Today, I'm celebrating my bday and enjoying myself! I hope you are having a great day too! BE BLESSED!
Right or left?
Met shooting Dierks Bentley vid together! Been friends ever since! :) “: how do you 2 know each other?! ”
Sounds like fun work, however! :)
#spotted a mall kiosk employee shaving under her arms with an electric razor WHILE SHE IS TRYING TO SELL ME A WATCH.
:#ConfessionNight when I was the trainer for the football team I pissed in the water bottles" whydid Rkelly popUp inmy headlol
Sometimes, but y'all are more difficult.
Resolutions can become new habits in just five weeks, studies show.
#midwestfashionweek is coming to a tv near you! Starting Wednesday we will be on several morning shows!
cant wait till i get my phone on
I think you're the psycho one. Lol.
with hole cards or no?
Heard a news report that the state of Louisiana subsidized opening the animation studio to bring jobs. First movie gets an Oscar. Not bad!
Pickup Line: There must be a keg in your pants, cuz I want to tap that ass.
Let's say ufff ):
Ha! I remember all too well. BTW I'm guessing I'll be back again. Gotta think Wisconsin has a great chance. Oregon??
Oh and i have called to #LFTC alot.
Thanks for the follow Dom - hope your website is coming along!
like your new song rise so pretty
looks like the games links on the home page aren't working...
I miss my truck it is like a kid to me other words I miss my kid :(
I kind of yelled at my mom because she didn't know what Elevate was-.- come on mom I only talk about it 100x a day
Gotcha! RT : ... and = ticket scalpers. DO NOT ENCOURAGE.
I'm still shaking :P
Tellerpalooza is tonight at The Mercury Cafe in Denver. We go on at 8pm sharp, for all you slow movers :)
oh great, now someones going to make a tweak that does that
Great win tonight boys! Lets go get another one tomorrow and all twitterless baseball players!
Of course=) Thanks for following!
the flavor
i love movie that have happy endings
don't need to be in your state to give you great art...look at my stuff I'll hook you up www.leocortesstudios.com
you know you want to:)
Im still in shocked from what happened..everybody keep tellin me to pay it but its still on my mind.
#Milwaukee:: is looking for a photographer/videographer intern and a website builder intern. Message me if interested!
Beautiful! Thanks for sending that our way.
Come in yall trey wasnt even on the countdown today text TRE to 79922
Energy level full and I'm reloaded we're up to bad homie
. One suspects that the absence of an answer to that question follows from the problem that is its premise, no?
#GoSkins! RT : RT Most dominant 2nd qtr on a major stage since...Doug Williams & the Redskins in Super Bowl XXII?
the tongue compassionately inscribing for us the manifold ways of repentance . . . golden channel through which streams flow!
Anyone going to the show tonight. He goes on at midnight. Get there early place gets packed.
Im down...ima holla at him about it then
I'm done with your bitch ass waste of time
Anything You Can Do I Can Do Better ;)
Just imagine if this was the Cats,I've been watching ESPN for 20 mins and just bottom line is talkin bout it We would be On fox news
: STEM culture must begin at home. Exactly...& continue throughout a community-wide invitation into STEM activity
Into The Wild..can it be that easy?
About damn time you joined!!!!
We will be doing a #bogo for the first 5 orders that come in at 12est keep your eyes peeled
thanks for invitein me to the moveies call me
satanic sacrifice. You saw Rhianna at the Grammies, right?
Beth Moore live simulcast today started with recognizing K-LOVE & our winner from Joplin!
Find someone to snuggle with, come over & enjoy a FREE Marinated, Roasted Olive Appetizer just becuz you tweet with us. Just tell ur server.
thx I hate veggies but I will try your recipes
Tryna Go Too Sleep , Somethings Keeping Me Up
nope. just cropping. i click, box appears anywhere. totally unrelated to my mouse position.
Been smoking so much strong, dis reggie sucks!
Watching #DogTheBountyHunter looks like it's gonna be a dramatic but exciting show! Let's go!!
4 every breath i breathe n every step i take,its evidence of something miraculous and far greater than myself im only a man empowered by GOD
weekends should be longer
SHOUTOUT TO <3 GO FOLLOW HER!
At least it was a steak and not some stupid hamburger!
RT For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. -John 3:17
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Butler GUM Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
oh, no...burst pipes! Man....when is it going to stop?!
I can't imagine NOT being registered to vote. Adults who aren't already are suspect to me, though encouraging updating registration- OK.
What an amazing job the 26 #PalmBeach #School for #Autism #preschool #graduates did last night! Kudos to our amazing #teaching staff.
happy to help support tomorrow.... can you walk while snacking??
lonngggg day, too much going on
NEXT thursday, doll :)
Sunny California my @#* I'm so ready for it to stop raining. W.mwishartpi.com.
First round in France and Hollande will win! Sarkozy 2nd, Right-wing extremist FN candidate Le Pen is a strong 3rd with 20%.
why do i keep coming back to you when you don't even care about me?
Yo, im feeling sexy and all i wanna do is sex
": Ladies beware!!! ;-)" of the python in my pants
Wasn't directed at me, but jeez, sounded just like Rs I know.
New review of ORACLE - SUNKEN EARTH. Ret Cooper's scars hook readers to continue the adventure within the subsequent six books. Check...
Much love to everyone in Bloomington tonight! Keep drunk and safe!
Hey pretty Good you?
#Rt if you up with me
Hauke had admitted to swindling 67 investors out of $7 million thru a Ponzi scheme.
just wondering
It's not easy watching a hockey game and football game at one time... Oyee.
in south carolina with jenna <3 going shopping.(: love youu.
This is crazy I'm bout to go to the movies again to see the same movie again but aye I ain't payin lol I love it
that's a tough one...depends on what all I had in my wallet!
Is it just me, or is a business named "Colonial Parking" oxymoronic? Because you know the Founding Fathers needed a place for their Volvos.
I propose a toast to this delightful weather - with an iced latte, of course.
I give it a week before Geraldo goes diving in the North Arabian Sea to find Osama bin Laden's casket. Will Osama be there when he opens it?
You're my idol. I can't wait to see on warped tour i'm going too three stops on tour too see you guys.
Just came back from Mothers day dinner. ON ME !!
This guy is writing out a cheque in the supermarket. I feel like I've time traveled back to 1950.
Happy Pancake Day to my friends !
Tom gets his request
LeJitt performed #INeedYour Love for the Green Room Lunge in Huntsville, AL last night! LG Music was LIVE in the building!!
Can't leave without the key... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Inefficiency at its best: Pizza Hut on county line. They need Fox back!
it won't let me DM /:
Check out the hook while my DJ revolves it.
awww... not too much longer!
Tonight in her own polite beccaish way....said my face is getting fat.
One doesn't want to be wasteful, of course. If they get used, there will be less left for others!
bless MLK Jr. but i ain't gonna lie. i'm a Stokely Carmichael kinda lady
that is so awesome! :-) I am happy for you :-)
A little hair of the dog can help that. And by dog I mean pig. And by pig, I mean more BBQ.
I don't always have the answer but sometimes it is the effort that matter most.
It was huge The game sold out, Hartnell got a natural hat-trick, but they lost in a shoot.
": you know the world is waitin. Waitin on One-Oh-Three!"
omg I can't even imagine hehe
I want summer to come already.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
all these politicians use millions upon millions of dollars to campaign and attack each other. why not help the poor/hungry n homeless instd
Lmao!! Were even right now. RT : oomf by the name of doesnt know how to hit the dial button lol ...mmhmmm -__-
Also, in case you forgot, it is 3:41 pm on Dec. 1 and OU still sucks.
Phoenix! Prayer with Manifestations June 2nd, 1-Day Workshop Appointments: Sunday 3rd and Monday 4th
watchin dr.phil rite now, jus waitin on ma baby
Girls who look like guys. Oh my god.
Sounds like such a perfect night.
bought ur album amazing loved it !!!!!!!!!!!
Today's Flatbread: Spicy Marinara w/ fresh blue crab, cucumber, tomato, house made mozzarella Soups: Broccoli Jalapeño or Chilled gazpacho
My Sims just had triplets.
Another great show at studio seven ....thanks unwritten law for having us out...some new live recordings will be up soon....thanks every ...
Not sure why I stayed up so late- wanna boogie upNout early tomorrow 4 Tour de Fat in Golden Gate park! Gonna B a gorgeous weekend!!
damn! stop being #nebby and jumping into other peoples conversations. geez.
how did I miss ALL of this?
.. A friend who dont know anything in football told me :"should I pick Brett Favre for my fantasy football team ?" #HOP !!"
I thought about you/us the first time I read that.
FIGHTING FOR NOTHING BUT THE BEST IN MY LIFE....
come down sardinecan!!
she's dying to go
"A mini-van is a like a moped; its fun to drive, but you just don't want your friends to see you." - in his rental van.
FINALLY getting the hang of twitter! yay! :) hahah took me long enough!
<3 appreciate tweet. Because I love him a ton.
Right, I understand.
Hopefully this snow has officially stopped. Looking forward to a productive day!
Living is learning.
Lisa recalls poetry drive-bys.
I wish I was lying to you
Strasburg is damn good... but striking out Pirates batters really isn't anything to brag about., That said, I couldn't do it.
That "Be Nice To Satan" shit in the beginning of Faded scared the shit outta me & my friends today lmaao
Hey I want to see Ryan Flaherty's diving play on #SCTOP10 tonight #O's
that sucks. Good luck lol :)
Something about work e-mail going to my phone makes me want to kill myself.
Isn't that always the case with me.
wait...Cincinnati has a football team?
One thing i luv about dj.n...... Play.n music the mainstream radio wont play #underground/new music
Needs a nap
It's about time!
It won't allow me to update CleverPin
and today's song is "Crying in the Rain" by the amazing Carole King..., il pleut
I'm searching Twitter for all the artists on the new Buddy Holly album so I can follow them. I love Buddy, so I should love these bands.
Packing getting ready for the long drive to Michigan!!
I haven't had hope for these kinds of situations for years. Nice guys finish last.
Pins and needles, needles and pins, it is a happy man that grins
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME..SPREAD THE WORD.. GET YOUR FRIENDS TO FOLLOW ME.. THANKS
« « I'm always gonna be screamn #LAKERNATION!!!!»»
Doesn't it suck when you think a famous person is following you and it turns out to be a fan account?
From "Common Sense" - great quotes. RT These are the times that try men's souls. Thomas Paine
OH: He told me I'm a natural squatter.
lmao soo weird i just tweeted u!
Grow up!!
Girl this my last spliff, ima roll it up with you
Spread the word too!
he's killin' it.
Did your dreams reveal any cool algorithms or at least a bug fix or two?
"<U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> Waiting for my crush to stop playing games."
#Tebow trade not official yet. Don't celebrate yet #Jets fans
man you funny as hell calling that asian dude pacqauio lmao. The Truth!
#oomf finna have my ass on the clink clink .... Top watch dog type shit
Lmao i cant wait!! RT : im going to be a BIG girl!
Looking forward to my Instructor Training on Sunday. I can't wait to teach Zumba and share my passion for this amazing workout!!
": agree on that listening is essential RT : A5. Do more listening than talking. #smmanners" listening is key
Wadupdoe!!!!!!!I'm Back Like I Left Sumthin N Dis Bitch!Hahaaaaa
get it, current. like being adrift in a meaningless sea full of nothingness
#well done
Morgan got me up with the birds I love my unborn baby girl
Last night was awesome! stoned as hell : P
Join the K-LOVE Albuquerque text club! Get the inside scoop & exclusive ticket giveaways! Text NM to 21947. Stndrd text messg rates apply.
RT : no. We have one and students don't use it. They tell us to use the networks they are already on.
Shopping with the roomie for tomorrow's event!
all of it's goo stuff!!
Two 400 level History courses and one 300 level means I must read until my eyes bleed this semester.
Two at my table busted and replaced with potential juiceballs. Got ~216k.
I forgot,it's #Wednesday.'splains everything! Need #EthiopianFood. #Kintot #Kitfo #GoredGored It's a #WarriorEnergy kind of day.
If all my guy friends were gay.....
Too bad the location by Disney closed, but if you find yourself in Winter Haven, chk out Pure Magic Ice Cream. Nutella with Oreo soo good!
Border Patrol officials have been told to reduce - even stop - arresting illegals, Arizona sheriff says
And? Nothing will change.
Stay safe if you're in the path of a tornado!
with Yao, I wouldn't have had them taking the series to 7. That's what was so entertaining. Battier and Artest going nuts.
Want to volunteer at ABQ ComicCon? Email with your name/phone#/email/availability!! It will be so much fun!
catches one in the eye, hahahahahahahahahaha
Nothing quite like a first post-performance listen and yelling "DAMN IT" at lame mistakes.
Looking for local boutiques and shops to sell our products, any suggestions? We're looking specifically in New York.
Who all u riding to the show tonight wit???
Man, I could build an army of Golem with nothing but the lint in my dryer filter.
thank you D!!!!!! Your amazing!!
me too and need it
nigga u took my ipod!
WHAT!? NOO! It's always noisy here, very congested.
Hey #12ntc friends where you getting dinner?
Thank you! I've been off the grid
Remember, the greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that outlasts it
Nice! Maybe a rubber chicken as well!
good morning everyone, hope you are all doing well
Less than 2 years ago I worked 4 as a stage hand building their stage... Now I'm omw to the Bahamas 2 open up 4 them
#Hugo was fantastic!! Thai food and bed.
I run into at the Venetian and tell him, "I back 3 players & you're the only one who loses."
this morning i planted the notion of converting a nearby empty lot into a community garden. lets see if it grows...
Why can't we watch Lost Girl online anywhere, but other shows are available?
Extremely happy to read that you're feeling up to eating now. Hope you have a wonderful meal w/ the family! :)
and you want to switch majors?
Yes, we can set the suite up with memory foam pillows and a comfortable non-down comforter.
“: Playing some tunes at four seasons jh from 5-8, then headed to see !” need djembe! Ha
powerpoint presentation/legal guide 4 this Wed. presentation 4r WLU Small & Family Business Centr on social media. will share when done.
Since when has Twist had an album like wut
Actually stoked for #iGo1D even though i haven't watched that show in forever. :) Just hope the jokes are actually quality humor
I hope you are well! Wanted to let you know that inspired a health campaign I'm working on. Thanks for introduction!
How messy my house is makes me want to cry...
more of de ganja smoke
its barely raining!
had a lot of fun at the SLSQ Seminar. Now for a week off before heading to Utah to work with the Muir Quartet and Joan Tower.
invades #KansasCity this weekend.
Where everyone knows my name, man.
Know who you are - your strengths and weaknesses will come out in your writing #USC #Writers conference
Omw to the #SFZOO with my daughter n her class....
About the only good news I have to report is that I managed to take down my Christmas Tree in a timely manner. Yep, that is it.
The Saturday Night Takeover, The Bonham Exchange!!! You ready?!?
Wearing an Asking Alexandria shirt and Black Veil Brides shorts. :p good combo.
$CBIS is still up 50% #stocks #trading $80B market? MAssive!
you welcome sweetie followback
there is a book on "consensus" that the W3C uses with all there work. does anyone know what it is called?
Haha not at all. I'm hoping to carry on a 6 game winning streak
Hmm...smells alot nicer in the today than Tues... Oh yeah Torres isnt here tonight! ;D
Heading into 3rd month of the year. Very, Very behind on my goals for this year :( Not Happy
well you gotta remind me! Are you going with patents? Or school?
just landed & plan on getting there around 11ish to run! I will have grey pants and white fluffy lulu running jacket...maybe!
But, Sean, don't get careless, I'm sure it'll be fine, I love you, I love you. Oh, brother of mine
You'll have to pardon the spelling when I get into something I don't watch. We are supposed to be the intelligent species.
Heavy rains means heavy logs floating down my river. Not sculler-friendly in the least. I need to move...
#yeee lifetime soon (:
sproing! sums it up well - my interns are looking at me like I'm crazy right now
Our new website will be up soon !!! Be safe everyone and enjoy the Holidays with your Families....FREE ESTIMATES! 858-486-4070
It's about time
Whats Good BoII Where U At RT : Gotta get fitted for my uniform for school today
Miller with the Tech. I love chippy playoff basketball. No easy baskets.
I hate wen u’re typin something long, look up & notice dat u weren’t typin anything at all...
We have some great things coming for our dealer partners!!!!!!!!!! Very Excited!
#RIPBoyBelieberMartin he got bullied for supporting justin nothings wrong with supporting hes his idol -.-
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 2
Aren't you a lil to old for a diary
everything is definitely better in B&W
lol I think I handled it pretty well <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> If I have to say so myself. <U+263A><U+263A>
So eating a tomato a day turned out to be nothing. What really mattered is the right size of tomato! :D
shouldn’t have looked at her schedule for Wednesday and Thursday. Now she has the vapors.
Tipping & the Recession: are diners really tipping less due to the recession?
As I have said so many times, anyone who will take 24 or 30% interest is not a business man. He is just swine, common ordinary swine. [1945]
is talking about sandwiches.
Yes, yes I do.
Don't know why but my cheeks are so red :/
Were giving away a $50 giftcard! If you are here and haven't put your Business card in the bowl be sure to do so!
Wife's 40th birthday surprise :)
Why do people post your handle on twtr and link it to a spammy site? Seriously - aren't we past that now?
Plus, you don't "learn" AACR2, you learn to *apply* it. WTF indeed.
guess who loves you:)
ha ha. Nope we're old. :)
I was there! I hope you are having so much fun. Check out the John Lennon memorial wall if you can, so eclectic!
Back to December</3
And I wish I dreamt more.
concert for the second session of our high school composers workshop starts in 10 minutes. Look forward to hearing the music!
Why does someone who runs marathons make a good student? Because education pays off in the long run!
listener response chart is a good idea horribly executed -even the basic concept of clear display has been ignored.
NEW WEBSITE!!! www.laurasaggers.com
with her now!
HILARIOUS!! Been toying with the notion of putting our 7 song EP on iTunes and then giving proceeds to
RT : I know dead hooker jokes are hack, but goddamn... Dead hooker jokes are funny. (Yes they are!)
Independet Artists across the USA choose Musicalstop.com as their one stop shop for marketing materials!!!!!!!!
This really hits home. I was just bumpin Paul's Boutique the other day which is my 2nd favorite album by them
YES! Mermaid Parade=delicious.
Watching my fav girl on GCB
thought you would like that, linguist junkie ;-)
(In 2008, the pope's longtime private secretary revealed that the pontiff was slightly wounded in the assault.)
Just as an FYI, police confirmed her name is Marguerite Mary. She may have chosen to use a different name at the church.
setting my alarm for my morning jog.
thanks for spreading the word!
you never played me in draw something :( it says you have to many games ...
she has me in love haha. She's gorgeous.
should be on the new season of
RT : A #Leo may be the brightest most confident person in the room but they can be humble as well.// YEUP
Tonight: 6:30p Where: Come & get It - God has something for You!!
If dragons were real, I'd like to order dragon wings instead of buffalo wings.
The way I looked at it, an 11 mile recovery run takes the same amount of time as a sprint tri does for me.
It's official! 900 people "like" our Facebook page! Spread the good news about CRJ and encourage your friends and family to "like" our page!
If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you are strong enough to get up.
'The hungrier you are, the harder you work'. Well call us sharks cuz we stay on the prowl..
right next 2 u
the entire house smells like zhou......when is it going to be done?
"If you poke the bear, your head might be a bowling ball someday" -Jack Edwards ...c'mon #Bruins!!!
RT : "What does HOME mean to you? How do the forces of technology & globalization affect your idea of "home"?"
“RT : #TeachTwitter is today at 2pm PST! Today's subject: #FF manners & nuances, as well as other stuff. You should join in!
#LTBroadcasts "A 17 year old girl from Tennessee has become the first girl player to ever get a contract in organized baseball" (3/26/31)
Allison couldn't find her pen. To put those at the edge of their seats, it was in her hair
wtf is pottermore and why is it so popular
“: Those who are heartless, once cared too much.”
Money From Strangers is the best show
And even though Karen has no obvious theatre training, she's better than a drag queen? Maybe? Thoughts?
he was maaaddd
And you wonder why i dont do anything outside the house!
Hope your day has been wonder filled!
Are providences like states?
Indiana monsoon!
Me too!
I miss Tesco hummus
Bigger pitching feat 2day: Weaver no-hits Twins or Suppan 5 shutout IP vs. Brewers? I'm leaning towards Suppan!
Boo. Don't go to bed. Listen to Brains by Lower Dens first. Also, hi.
Idle Torque: Obsession drives street names
Rubbing my hooves together...perrrrfeeeeect...
Any song requests? Send them in!
tired of chasing sunspots on the floor. moved 2 the deck & letting the sun work me over.
I'm falling more and more in love with Gwynnie's dress.
Listening to The Dambuilders "Encendedor" and Jawbox "For Your Own Special Sweetheart" to get ready for practice!
Hope is able to balance public engagement with the kind of significant editorial vision of previous board. I'll be reading!
My dog loves to sleep on my MacBook battery. Intelligent little heat source finder.
How did I not realize I wasn't following you until today!
sounds like a purse-onal problem.
damn thats crazy
Skins once more
If it wasn't for rule-breakers there would be less business innovation, economic progress, and social justice.
All presents that Santa brought are made in China. How come ?
That's her deli sandwich name.
The field trip was bomb! Got home at 6, took a shower and slept for 3hours. Still so tired. Back to bed, goodnight^.<
Happy Gluten-Free Sunday! What's everyone up to today??
Been working on Hemme preproduction all day with getting super excited!
Thanks for the RTs, , , , and And thanks for the shout-outs, and
Thanks for the opportunity! Congrats on another killer issue!
good tools
demo-ing prepackaged Google searches that do *Filter by Reading Level*
Heading out for my workout.
I been on doz. Lake & Forest is like behind the fairgrounds. The entrance is only a few minutes outside of Brownstown.
thanks for the follow back
What is the best dessert place in ABQ?
In returning and rest you shall be saved; in quietness and in confidence shall be your strength. Is 30:15 via RT
Thx for chking on me, Christy :). Everything's fine. We had some ppl over so I hvn't been online much. So how are you?
you have also done a lot for others. Even indirectly. :-)
Next project: more tattoos. To quote social network "We need to expand."
" I want to dance around it.. ready?" "Oh my fucking god!" I just love and his weirdness <3
Great! Turned the big 3-4 in July. Going to New Orleans in a couple of weeks. Urs?
First trip to #Brooklyn tmrw... What should we check out?
CHARDON, Ohio (AP) - A prosecutor says the 17-year-old suspect in a fatal Ohio school shooting didn't know his victims and chose them...
From all of GOkickball Columbus, our sincere condolences go out to friends and family of
RT Doing it tonight at The Falls 226 W Bitters for 2 Dollar Tuesdays.. With and let's do this!
Believe it folks Lin is the real deal.
don't ask me to bend over! I will not do it. Well, unless you ask nicely!
Come on People What #JohnEdwards did - How can a Jury NOT convict him. I cant believe he fooled so many people. Hope he gets a lot of time.
need to shave or least trim pubs
Oh, Im Sorry :'( I Wanted To Share :-)
haha gotcha. I was a little worried that I was missing something!
will Noah and I see you tonight at Sophia's 4 the Extreme Moms meeting?
u really expect BB to follow orders?
“: I'm too on right now !!!!!!” Rachel turn the TV off and get back to bed haha
never seen it either
He won me a bear, he put my necklace on for me, we had a double date for 2 hours. But nothing happened :/
Also, her father was a federal judge in San Francisco - not quite "nowhere." #brucewayne not
Superbowl Sunday! who you thinks going to win?
Yahoo eating sloppy joes in drinking beer How did you get any better than this
Tim, thank you so much for the kind words! It was a pleasure serving you and your party...see you again soon!
CONTEST >> Tweet at us w/ a pic of BkSq shopping, enjoying a special event, etc w/ hashtag #BkSq NOW-Friday to enter to win gift cards!
I'm never drinking again. Ever
RT : Check out my interview with #KISSpdx creator at What to expect from KISSpdx 2010....
will be available late this week free online.
Getting back to playing some poker!!
#slaleads is hashtag for Leadership Summit in St Louis
not conceited...just the truth! Lol
Miss you too doll! Don't know when I'll be home, I'll be in Europe for spring break!
My mom is weeing like the progressive pig -_-
It is National Pet Day. "Until one has loved an animal, a part of one's soul remains unawakened."---Anatole France. Have a GREAT Wed! :)
haha, I do. But really let's get that coffee soon!
Coo' RT : Shutout to 'cause I love her.
Make that 31 seconds...
"Some Nights" by Fun.
Goodnight everyone Lots of love
He played a role in getting them where they were to be in a position to even make the playoffs. Sad part about the business side
what you ment
Color management...
i think it's time for a little happy hour with the incredibly handsome ! :)
its good have to try eggplant one you would like it.
“: Lol bandeaus. Domain of those with no chesticles.” exactly this, I love them haha
Well that oughtta shut some people up.
Ha! We can't win.
RT : If you could just stick to something....
greatest day? Ha. Funny. I was at that game. Auvray had a hell of a game that day. Winning the championship was a better day!
Ugh! Just fed up! Heard it all before!
Got a job at the bob Evans in Plainfield!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
: thanks for the follow :)
Counting to 10 for a bit.
I'm all in! Looking forward to it!
YES! Another pair of pants ripped. Have I really gained that much weight? What's the deal?!
Just watched all of the videos on and YouTube channel, <3
RT : RT : Fuck the past... Make love to the future!
"How could a nigga kill a real nigga like rich porter then become a bad bladder cause he cant hold water"..............
Just repeatedly texted "5" to 22444 :D
Everyone gets out of school in a week.. And I go BACK on June4th.. #Summer #SummerSchool #NoisyHouseSoon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3>
nope now shuyt your lips and go to sleep!
What's wrong man?
Do not wait until you lose something to appreciate it fully, or you will have regrets.
I dnt want a piece...part...or half...i need the whole "You"
YES! And #WiPeople exposed #ALEC too ! A HUGE DEAL for Americans to know about.
the usual monday awesomeness #THEBANGARANG !!! 1/2 price everything with djs and ... !!!
Or 8th today.
its a tragic day when all phone numbers are lost. and the weather seems to agree with me. oh well showering then down to eastside!
This is how I felt about Twilight. Thank u for your opinion of 50SOG. I will be skipping it ;)
My biggest pet peeve now a days.... Immaturity in a serious conversation.
Happy Thursday!
EVERYONE PLEASEE!! go follow <3 thanks (y)
enjoins you to "put that RAM in your bamboo crack pipe and smoke it".
see i tol u i got 2 much goin on i dont even remember that lol
Not Lisa Turtle!
LMAO!!!! I'm sorry #Bestie, it will never happen again:-) You already know, that noone can ever replace you!
Honesty Is An Expensive Gift Don't Expect It From Cheap People
listenin to becca play line runner >>>>>
WHO WHO. im an owl
I had a gr8 time there RT:“: I met you at #FlaglerCOM Week and visiting Washington DC this weekend. Watching NBC News 4 live!”
because it's in Germany mule, thanks for the reminder tho.
Ok so you know better...But you still gon do it Really? , i thought we were beyond that..--
Absolutely not
don't even be like that lol
you gone on be on my mind 60% of the time <3
fun night!
No, I have not forgotten the weekly LOVIEE this week. I'm just horribly behind schedule... It'll be up within the hour.
I love writing music
Sunday has 2 be the 1 day where I'm actually on all of my social networks bein social <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> lol
Thanks for the follow :)
5 more days.
Come Try Our New Selections.
It's not too late to RSVP for our Info Session tomorrow night! Come and hear about how you can make a difference. Visit us at casabalt.org.
I just read my co-worker a response I did for a question asked in an online course I am taking & she said, "You even write with twang." LOL!
Can anyone give me the adress of Austin that I can send him a letter and some present?! #help <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
That awkward moment when you're in the backseat while your cousin makes out with her boyfriend right next to you.
Played our last concert with Cat last night. She will be greatly missed. That girl knows how to smack the drums!
What? You break my heart, both of you.
Guild wars 2 preorders are starting April tenth?! Oh sweet Jesus!!
hes just jealous that u have more followers than him at the moment.. fredo betta step up ur game dude .
but of course !! and I will be there so I can totally help you out with the dance moves :-)
My mini-vacation starts in 45 minutes! HOORAY! Florida bound!
I missed my dads while they were away - I wonder where they went. But they are home now which makes me happy!!!
i hate bull shit...
Just drove past the Ectomobile on 71. Fully decorated and decked out. Day made.
#TwSIG Private lists are ones you can see but others can't see that it is there. You don't have to follow someone to put them on a list.
Awesome i love JAPAN. .i want to go there so bad!
do you ever have one of those amazing gym days where you feel like Superman? that's me today! Rawr! :)
our moments of validation are different and typically happen on the street, amongst the people, and in our own circles...
What's good Eazy?
thanks mac! you have a book in the works?
"Able" in my ears and passed out on the second leg drive to Minneapolis
Watch out girl, you stank hoe
Warped tour is only 3 months away :D
20% of mom's use their cell phones while doing the dirty.
You won me a free app &drink? How sweet :) ha RT : winner #12. please dm full name so we can get you all set up.thx
night :) *hugs*
I LOVE YOU, I do..
. U consider THIS a big game? I'm thinking more like, the playoffs if he gets there. Nice win, but...
sorry but Niallers dont let other Niallers hurt themselves
Vietnamese Student Association's Lunar New Year tickets are on sale for $5. The show is this Saturday, get your tickets before prices go up
Was at the macmachine and the lady in front of me forgot 20$ knowing me I gave it back
YOGA PANTS!!!!!
Jury duty. Hopefully I can get some work done while I'm here.
Someone's skype is broke lmao.
We want every artist to understand their strengths and weaknesses!
RT : It is apparently a near fire-able offense in the newsroom not to know who Donna Summer is.
Indians may have lost but Atleast the Lakers will lose today too.
that is awesome!!!
GM- working w teachers today :)!
I didn't mind the rain on my face this morning. The workout was with it.
that was terrible!
Very nice! Looks really good. Your players are very fortunate and should count their blessings with a great facility.
we met around xmas in ur shop and chatted about SCAA. Do you recall? Headed there tomorrow.
I knew from the get go she was no good.
I am settling in for the night and starting to crank on some tshirt designs.
Long as your living.. You have a chance.. real
remember that time when Niall Horan told m- yeah me either.
Ryan is a little too busy to answer his tweets right now. RT : Good work watching your game in class!
Welp yeah lowkey that's what i wanted you to do. :) so its a deal???
“The mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size.” Einstein
#10FavouriteNickiMinajSongs: Her verse in Monster.
Karmin is really good.
I feel like a little kid. I just went to Finnegans and bought a handful of cheap little plastic animals. They are now grazing on my desk.
good times- JELLYFISH!!
Thanks, Woody!
follow this
Got bumped up t:o business class! ATL BOUND!!!!!!!
darwin, i'm going to introduce you to alain.
College Admissions Counselors can benefit from having a closing strategy to use with their students.
I won't be back downtown til later this afternoon. Northside appointments all morning. Think I could be back before 2:00.
So excited to see tonight!
Church clothes hittin
OMGosh I haven't done a chat in ages! Looking forward to it! Whoo-hoo!
“: Send my condolonces to the ppl in #japan right now!” via fedex?
nah i have to say a star from above cuz that's wat u r and u can probably get urself out of trouble too(:
Took a nap missed the heat game, looked at twitter and apparently the Knicks were ok until dwade and lebron said let's end this shit
follow back so I can respond to your message
I am a Superstar today
RT : Support our Beneficiary, the Breast Cancer Resource Center at their amazing Art Bra Event, this Saturday May 19th! http…
thank you for sharing =) I had somehow missed that on facebook.
Asking me questions I have no idea what the answer is, and you know I don't <<<<<
no post or dashes allowed in our new terms! Nor slashes!
A car full of boys! Yikes!- emma
Winnings got a price to pay If you wanna reach the top pushing hard night and day, you'll be running til ur heart stops.
i dont know you
"Finding Books and Articles" workshop sponsored by INLP: Tue., Feb. 7, 11-12, Zimmerman 254. All are welcome!
thanks, Sara :)
I'd say you're a half inch taller than me!
I'm bored & hungry
Occupy the manger?
Opportunity dances with those who are ready on the dance floor. H. Jackson Brown Jr.
and 2011 just began “: Eye opening to see the massive events that occurred in 2010 that affected the meetings industry.
RT -Thanks so much for continuing to support independent music everybody! Have a great week coming. RT
Worst game of Wade's career. Fall seven times, stand up eight. Believe in you, friend.
it's a plan. I'll let you know. Nice avatar BTW.
I just had 4 test in one day! Gosh I hate test. I better pass all of those.
Developing the content of multimedia exhibit: the reason behind creating it is important. How does it relate to overall exhibit?
Everyone is an #artist...then they go to school.
Slept early n now up early..feels kinda weird! Vanilla Dutch n Kush made it feel more normal though,lol! I see a nap in my future! FaSho! ;)
You are so fucking rude!!!
my mom just made me food and i took one look at it and threw up. I hope she wasnt offended loll
OMG so cute congratulations :D
Thanks for the RT !
please do!
cannot wait to meet july 14th, 2013 :)
Crazy episode of #MadMen tonight.
Awesome! Congrats! Let's meet and talk soon!
haha not this time, I'm in the other cafe in the other science building. But there are weird paintings here too!
WOW! Tonight's Republican presidential debate was quite lively. Can the next debate take place on the moon? Let's leave the candidates there
i know.
no! I want to so bad though!!! Grr
I love it there. One of my favorite places in this area.
yes! poor poor me.
very nice Barbi! Spring always best here ...& biz cycle ramping up nicely as well. How's things in T town?
in about 20 days mate!
That's a great comparison. And more apropos considering the game was played in Budi's HS gym.
Happy cinco de mayo!!!!!
These storms are just growing they are not really moving..
where were you when my walls came falling down?
word imma wear your shit to death man gotta represent
An 84% direct mail response rate? Really! I'm happy to tell you how we did it. Just zap me.
Let's do it!
“: Vulnerability of indigenous tribes in Brazil - Tribesman living in the amazon are continuously under threat.
Lobbyists: we r a $3 billion+ industry in Bmore but this is going to cost us $10 million/yr. hm
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but religiously follows the new.
"Children embody what is best in life. They live in the present moment. They are part of its exquisite bloom..." by Myla and Jon Kabat-Zinn
let me know when it's a good time for me to kidnap you
Car shopping for the ex. Then girlie night of dinner and a movie with Rachel Crosetto. :)
Carrie! It has been a while! How's Las Vegas? Are you coming up to Washington any time soon?
I was told from you're great to follow!!!
This has been a great game to watch. A lot of TX high school and college talent playing in this one.
If someone actually has a crush on me i want them to tell me.. Not hide it! :/ no one probably does
Just dance, gonna be okay.
All I ask is that today goes by quickly, well...the rest of the week too.
This girl said "oh my" as I walked by ..now she's staring and snickering at two obviously gay dudes ..i should grab their ass as I walk out
Friend us on Facebook! We have albums of our T-shirts and Stickers, so check them out!!
We've been waiting for Ron Artest to show up... Go to work tonite
Holy crap! Lebrons a little pansy.
Charles words are like daggers Im sobbing..
I just shaved my legs 3 hours ago and there already growing back!
To lead people, walk beside them <U+FFFD> As for the best leaders, the people do not notice their existence
Sometimes, all these crazy drivers :P
I rather u text me than me texting u. Cuz hunny... U be txting slow
Good question
now is the time the #Ravens need to smack the #Patriots in the mouth
"Holy shit guys, he's killing our troops with a knife, I guess we'll...let him steal that horse."
hello mark! We were wondering if we could set up an interview with you, and maybe feature you on our website? :)
And out of nowhere, fall appears...
hey Debby!!!!!! If I ever meet you in person again, would you like it if I did some magic?? <3 please tweet back!! :)
4 more days till we leave!!!!!
Nice work, Dave. Knew Mets had allowed five walk-off homers. Figured Dbacks might have allowed more. Had no idea about Seattle.
Watching nature's light show with a glass of Sangster's to finish off a perfect evening.
Thank you , and all participants for an enlightening chat! I welcome ongoing convo with you all. :-)
soo one of my perspectives speakers just knocked on Christian rap..i mean obviously he doesn't listen to lecrae! but seriously..
morning boyfriend <3 have a fabulous day :* I love you :)
I have an action adventure movie for a group of 8-10 year old girls! It's a high concept movie perfect for Disney or anyone else interested…
#SSMA love back at ya!!
Thanks! We're all part of the same team! RT : Some of my favorite teachers!
"I'm sorry that took so long ma'am, but it appears your husband spelled his name wrong while ordering online."
Best Labor Day weekend idea--Islands Restaurant's margarita light made with Silver Patron, agave nectar, lime juice and splash Sec
Back on a strict diet starting today.. Just had my last soda, i feel so nasty i need to hit the gym asap
We will see you in the Fall! RT : It's beautiful! Wish I was at #cbsadmit this weekend instead of working!
Very slow start. First break just ended. No chip progress to speak of.
I dont get why everygirl wants the guyto text her first like we maybe want to talkto u but we also want to if u wanna talk to us.
My sister got me running around the world; Wal Mart, Chick-fil-a and now Krystals ... I'm not a errand runner
RT : Where did today go? / Today? I've been thinking it was yesterday all day today.
my armpits are sweaty!
Gary Oldman's Best Actor nom= the dictionary definition of "overdue."
death threats for going out with someone?! woah. calm down people!.
Quote:“This is the icing on the cake. Nine wonderful years on Everybody Loves Raymond , and to finish it off like this is wonderful.”
my birthday is comin up :-)
follow me on my journey on becoming Spike TV's next Ink Master.
Zendaaya I love you so much!My birthday was on Friday and Im10 officially now and moving:( I love you:]
Very excited to be in Amsterdam to talk about , Corpora Space, and at a symposium for the #Alfalab project tomorrow.
I c u
Thank you for standing up for LGBT rights in the It Gets Better video. Always suspected you were the man. Now I know.
May you have enough happiness to make you sweet, enough trials to make you strong, (1/2)
Loving the way #WKU is playing against #UL. Proud of my
do you have predictions for who will win #celebrityapprentice?
the only 2 dudes i want is Frankie from Emmure and Waka flocka. if i get one of them that would awesome, but both would be fucking amazing!
2 years ago today I met the only man I've ever really loved
lmao I'm always such the hero (:
It's great, especially since I'm using my own account and the 's.
Thanks for sharing!
wtf am I talking about?
Birds tweet. I tweet. I'm a bird.
How can you shorten a bed? Don't sleep long in it.
Anyone wake up in the front yard last night? You guys made Legends crazy!
Yes!! I'm SO excited!! :) We'll figure out a way to cram all 3 of us in this tiny room ;)
I've never EVER given up easily on anything or any1, so if I walk away from you, just KNOW u worked HARD to earn that.
Today is our monthly First Friday presentation: YST gets lunch and you learn how we make such a difference for Tulsa's youth!
FREE FREE FREE! Never taken our class?! Why not try it for FREE this Sunday!! to save your spot!!
Extreme Makeover JOPLIN featuring airs tomorrow at 8pm on ABC. Set your DVRs for some heartwrenching stories. What a town...
taxes. quite possibly the worst idea ever. Great job america.
I was actually just going for the credits
Hopefully spending the day with the incredible tomorrow. <3 video games all day? Yep.
Thanks for the shout out!
Demi Lovato is my idol and anyone that makes fun of her is going down she has feelings and she is a human like all of us I LOVE DEMI LOVATO
OK, *now* I can actually watch #GameOfThrones on the DVR. I hope it's another good one!
China military makes solemn vow on territory
To believe what has not occurred in history will not occur at all, is to argue disbelief in the dignity of man. -Mahatma Gandhi
Anyone used Playmaker and/or uScript for Unity? Is one of them better or are they just different?
Somebody need ta
it's sad it took him this long to win a championship w/all the cabbage he and the boosters have dropped on players over the years.
RT : Holy smokes. Band just rocked the Enescu 8tet. Tune in for the encore performance at 9:30 ET.
Please go follow thank you!
#LastWishOf2011 to get to say something sweet to me to help me stop crying
hey wassup how are u
Happy Easter Weekend Everyone ! <3 :)
It bothers me to no end that you can get a reality show when your only talent is sleeping with NBA players.
Geeked for Membership Appreciation tonight...after Zumba of course. lol
Game is Friday! You have a full 27 hours to catch up on sleep ;)
well I got a new number anyway. So if you been texting me then my bad honey.
Ever since we started learning about Evolution in Biology class, I love going to class. I'm not joking, it's such an interesting subject.
: Thanks for spreading the word and Refresh Daily!
Get me some floss!
so why is doing it.
I think you're missing the point. It's not that kids are going to stop playing, it's that the PRO game us not going to be the...
G+ circle idea was great for sharing content with specific groups and could control who could view your content.
Sawaddee ka Hello, Hope you enjoy my new bikini line 'Lollipop Bikini'. My deigns are fun, sexy, bright and cheerful. I think you'll agree
so selena was crying outside of her hotel yesterday, deleted her instagram & gifboom? hmm she probably received the news that shes preggo
They both wear one glove that serves no purpose.
OMG SAME IT KEEPS SAYING NO MATCHES FOUND
See us at the 2012 Wineries Unlimited Conference & Trade Show, Richmond, VA, March 27-29. Discounts on all booth displays! Bring your truck!
Great to see has joined Twitter! If his tweeting is even half as interesting as his blog it will be a must-follow.
zaay he said " it came out bad ! "
Congrats Green Bay! Broncos still the only team to beat the Packers in a Super Bowl.
it is not! Its exciting and consistent
rode 3 differnt buses today rayher than 1. i got home 40 minutes late!!! oh well at least i AM home.
cheap doesn't mean good
I posted some points in the game thread. Thought about doing a post on my thoughts on Selig (not the talk) for the weekend.
Thanks to I managed to solve a baggage receipt issue I was having. Another reason why I love technology.
#health Over the counter nasal decongestants can make nasal symptoms worse when used for longer than recommended.
being easily distracted at work today...thankfully I got a lot done yesterday
Thanks for the shout! Looking forward to it! :)
ur not the only one missing AMC!!
I See A Version Of Bust Baby Pt 3 Song Already Got Studio Responds In The Game!
Can't do my hw -.- I need to focus
New apartment secured. Next door neighbours are Miranda Kerr & Orlando Bloom. Will be knocking to borrow Vegemite.
PEEP YA EMAIL WHEN YOU CAN
So sorry about "The Finder." LOVED that show and you were very nice during an interview you did with me last year!
just got to say that is fucking awsome!!!!!!!!! :)
“: Finished 4th, tough year and opponents, had some key matches but overall great tournament” ^^^super homie^^^
I had just never heard about such a program. Wow.
Sick & annoyed
#dpla Nesson:biggest problem is copyrght.we are players in a game against copyrght.need registry of public domain that is legally defended.
Question: What errors have you learned from as an app developer?
I love that ur still racing my mom remember u when she watched NASCAR
Schwing it! RT We want to welcome back as a sponsor for the Spring 2012 season of !
Greetings WildaBeast:D
& Toy Covergurl we on da way.....
hi josh, rupture sure you located?
oh noes!! all facebook widgets have imploded!!! i can't even like this...
seeing sleep no more tonight...may the odds ever be in my favor!
Hi ! The $17.50 family memberships are only available to purchase in person at the museum on Thursday May 10, 2012.
Yeah I'm a
you rape customers
#dear14YrOldSelf also try and invent twitter except its called growler
The #Royals are only 4.5 games out and I'm sure Powerball is mine this week. I'm feeling THAT lucky.
Thanks for taking a look at it. U have any of your shots online?
thank you! Hope you are doing well.
thanks for the retweet :)))
can one say more, 5 Ls in a row after how they were just playing (before IL) is just unacceptable, my two cents.
keep it trending <3
hi sweets did you get my email? xo missmimipink
all the critics even agree that Keaton and Kilmer were the top rated batmans
Hey hon what happened???
Have you guys seen The Player (1992)?
last two samples on display. NG does some pretty work
Any Mist users in New York watch Tori Johnson's "Steals and Deals"? You may want to catch it tomorrow on WABC!!
i haven't had alone time to talk to him. But i promise i will tomorrow and let you know. Kay?
you were awesome. I got home just in time to watch this, after meeting you at the Palladium. :)) you're so nice. I love you!
ha, thanks :)
attending 2nd half of Science at #tufts for the 21st Century
When I grew up in ME, leaving Baxter State Park meant stop at Millinocket McD's for apple AND blueberry pies. Childhood bliss.
you're still awesome!
Gym membership collecting dust? Now's the time to invest in a #homegym - Save on the F7 Fold Away Gym Today!
no problem! thank you for the follow! :)
not looking foward to getting up at 2 tomorrow -_-
The sheep will bring trouble.
sure. I bet its all fun. ;)
Some relationships are like Tom & Jerry. They tease eachother, knock down eachother, irritate eachother, but can't live without eachother.
Chillin' with Chuck
According to Dave, our front of the house manager, this is "one of the top 5 things we've ever had on the menu here."...
thank you for coming up big last night! Go hard Saturday gators/nuggets style!
#womencantresist guys who can sing/dance
ha YES! “: Down at before the game. The famous Liz is waiting tables tonight. #CBJ #nhl”
Working on a pretty arrangement of Neil Young's Harvest Moon on my uke. If you see me singing to myself and swaying...it's Harvest Moon.
better late than never, I guess.
Ana Maria Rodriguez is reading at the Children's section right now.
O-line time Phil!
Change + AJ stuff coming! I need to do more give aways on twitter. Don't know why I really haven't done them. Change is coming
And thanks for the #FF, too! RT :
Milk was a bad choice #
your influence and sweeping excellence
no problem handsome ;-)
Ima miss u when u gone
If my students can teach their classmates or myself they will learn
I see cardio abs is working for you!
It's #TittyTuesday send in those pictures ladies.
Good morning people South Bronx's today sucks getting up early.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
yup. If I'm bored enough, I will make a slingshot.
you seriously have no idea how much I hate you right now...(not a bad hate tho<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>) ugh jealous beyond belief
Thaddeus ... I hope you will not think me irreverent
Thanks so much for the very kind shout-outs!
So are you! RT : Wow what an amazing weekend, you are all so special and inspiring!
is the best & most beautiful daughter... EVER!!!!(;
Tomorrow to Seattle :')
I-25 southbound right 2 lanes back open at Comanche after two vehicle accident.
thx much for tweet re Smarthistory/Time; also, link for article on impact of visual intel on math intel doesnt work, pls redo
Shin splint currently being iced. Ouch. Any other tips?
Live 2nite #thelavagame play all your favorite rock hits of the 90s & 2Ks. $5 at the door. Over 21. Come and
I totally understand. I loved Zombieland too! :-)
The brilliance is in the piece. It's one of my favorite LARB ups.
Good Morning!! I'm REAADDDYYYY!!!
I would never take a bullet for anyone.... If I had time to jump in front of the bullet, you had time to move out of the way.
NEXT UP: Boys' water polo state play-in between Gulliver and Belen. Lively crowd on hand for this one.
Kei Kamara leads the league in shots with 28, but more importantly also leads the league in shots on goal with 12, Espindola in 2nd with 9
Yes, we're working on a Sunday, because we are workaholics.
will do, first night was great, store in the AM class in the PM!
banned from the game? My Lord, I don't even want to know how bad you have to be
Right there w ya! On #2. A literary bad habit, but since I never indulged in vampire lit, Im ok w it!
RT : For the next 4 hours I will donate $1 to for each new follower I receive
song #TurnToYou are perfect.
ah, the powers-that-be decided this :) have fun with the kids today!
When asked if videos could be stored in Canada, replies, "sure...we can store it in a Canadian cloud" and points upwards. :)
Too doo doo too TO!!! Congratulations.
chocolate milkshake.
Me too I want to go back
aww!! Darn it I don't think or will b there either, now I'm not gonna have any fun :(((
Another very clever reply. Love your 3 questions.
He has an in-grown toenail.
Researched both French and Russian copyright law today thanks to Congress and SCOTUS (via #Golan)
voiced by Kelsey Grammar and Patrick Stewart, no less.
of course! Thank you I am. I hope you're having a good week as well!
If you try to rape me, I will bite your penis off.
see the Size Matters panel at #MFEConference to hear Michael Ytterberg, Principal, BLTa, talk about apartments of the future
MT : favorite dishes last night:Udan Noodle dish-House Style & Long Beans-House style. Delish! Oh & the Saki...
Watch 's client on WeTV tonight at 9p est!
EVERYONE please follow me on my new twitter Had to make it because this one keeps acting weird. Please follow on the new one
not my decision but I know she needs a model. If u wanna give it a whirl I send ur info to lady that's asking.
one girl DVRs them and then we go over one day during the week and watch 2 episodes. We should make it a drinking game tho.
A clever man commits no minor blunders. ~ Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
#subwayfitchat How do you know how to balance foods? Diet food is always a trade off. Usually has high sodium
It's ! Tune in! : Hey who is the substitute lady tomorrow on
Let me check and I will let you know. I'm not coaching them.
goin with the Wildcats!! I'm with on this one.
That is fantastic -- congratulations!
#FF , our oh-so-handsome social media pimp!
I mad the blue fortune hoddie is 55$ ugh!!! He lucky i love him
Hey! Some of us just like to start each day with a hearty "Meh!"
I have been 25 since I was 25 ~ Anonymous
Look Bautista is clearly not a juicer....well its clear that he isn't juicing NOW.
I love video games.
Just some of our faves
Menon: relinquished sovereignty against not owning
Had a notification that Tammy Baldwin repinned a party decoration pin. Whaaaa?? Yeah, wasn't THAT Tammy Baldwin.
Yo, missed you today at class
no it was canceled lol
Hannah and I got so much done on day 2 of #wine day. Finished the rest of #France!!!!
Beauty is a curse in the world. It keeps us from seeing us from seeing who the real monsters are.
Thanks to you!
Eric Northman's sexy, but he's still got nothing on Kellan Lutz.
Forgot how socially akward some math&science kids can be. Then again some artist equally incapable of functioning in the real world at times
there are 70+ people, 3 candidates, 6 reporters, and 3 cameras here. You'll find out what was going on, don't worry.
Better Example- the other stars in the league who hit their first homerun...Wright, Jeter, PuPu didn't
thank you justin!
My condolences!
and together on stage?! fans and fans must be going crazy right now!
we, baking a cake!! thats all im pretty much good for anyways. <U+E056><U+E00E><U+E046>
": Slut: "I'm sexy and I know it." Me: "No, bitch. You're slutty and you blow it."" ctfu...a mess
One more taker for a free hot stone massage? One more will make 5! Spread the word!
Been sleep all day smh
This! x10000 RT ": Here's to the athletes who can't wait until summer."
ACLU Warns State Dept. Against Firing Worker Who Criticized Government
let's keep our fingers crossed for our city #providence as we device means to get out of the fiscal turbulance without raising # taxes
Um, isn't that something they should have had BEFORE guarding the prez? RT Secret Service to undergo ethics training in
RT : Thunder killed tonight Image give that Black Thunder!!!
what is this ..
Thrilled for Ben Olsen; he's incredible, sure he can get job done for DCU
#thatmoment you realize that you're mad about something & there's really no reason to be upset in the first place
I suspect it's now less than 5 minutes to bedtime.
Time to go to bed. Hoping to wake up tomorrow and find out that Stan Bowman hath brought salvation to the masses.
Get ya'll mind out the gutter... Lol
AD's sometimes have to teach classes too, not paid only as an AD at many HS due to budgets
Mike Gundy was the offensive coordinator under for 4 years at Oklahoma State, before taking over in 2005.
that article is relevant because the youth complaining about the 1% buy apple products. Supporting what they hate.
You gonna fucken yell at me and expect me to fucken help you out wtf -_-
Lots of YUMs in 's website today! From cover shot to baby news. Such a happy Wednesday!
We'll always have Sandbags. The cookies are a great icebreaker to meet peeps in the office ;)
I LOVE horror movies <3 haha(;
still waiting on a follow from my mother in-law ;-)
it going to be hilarious!
Thanks for the Mother's Day wish. Happy Mother's Day to you as well!
i would be
I don't wanna go to work today :(
Merry Christmas to you and your family!
I AM TROY DAVIS
People learn differently.#Khanacademy helps students get extra practice that is not avail in classroom where there is ONE teacher
i tried following the people i know. or the tweets i cared seeing, so yeah might've missed a few
Be under the mistletoe....with a Mahoneway gift card!(; ~Sara
New twitter on my phone, I think I like it better. It sure loads faster cx
that sucks!!!!
Excited for the #SMBAustin this morning with ! If you're headed downtown and need help, just let us know, we'll have hot coffee.
You two are making my night. Thanks! cc:
I like it!
Will you contribute one tweet to tell your friends about the good work is doing? www.henryshope.org #Twitterthon Please RT!
I'm so happy tomorrow is Thursday
Don't go down stairs on a bike cuz Iswear this nigga just died across the street
If you watch Jaws backwards, it's a film about a shark who throws up so many people, they have to open up a beach.
Bleh... getting rid of junk today, need to figure out where to donate!
CEO: "One of the most fun things about the Foursquare pitch is sitting down with merchants and you can show them a stats dashboard"
So will & I! RT : #CGT256 Despite having a final at 7pm on a Friday, I'm really going to miss this class!
allowed to))) is off season
An actor has to burn inside with an outer ease
Tristan came to my room to tell me that he got dressed by himself <3
Go follow my besssssstt fran <3 Shes like mad cool and stuff , so goo :D
Wow great first day at #aas12 #AAS2012 with and Lots of foot traffic and interest!
if a MD-VA civil war breaks out, which side does in DC join? Fight for Old Dixie!
Hoping we can stave off this rain to squeeze in the series #finale. We shall see!
north South Shootout Caraway, NC Nov 3rd-5th Watch Zane rip it up on the track with a Pair of Cojones Cars going Balls Out for the win
After seeing live #lpo reviews, what work do you need to do on your landing pages?
Ha! I should have known.
So happy #buffalosoldiers is being edited.
Just getting ready to put your "Victory" beers on ice.
Soccer in the morning. <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><U+26BD>
The finish line is in sight — are you reaching your March for Babies goal? How are you getting there? Leave us a comment!
You're hilarious John, keep up the good work!
One stop for all your Prom needs! Prom make up workshop April 15th inbox me to rsvp asap!
150 grand??? That's a highest paid lobbyist? In what effing universe? Abramoff, anyone?
Headed to tomorrow to pick up their Tangerine Tango polish!
No rule is real unless it demands your conscience.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
Everyone seems to be in a bad mood today ..
enjoy your vacation. Glad I caught you on Today this morning.
Showtime! Tune in to renegade radio Nashville now!
HAHAHA Looks like Jericho wont be getting another Rematch
INCREDIBLE gig last night by the one and only Amazing night from what I can remember!
Umm the lakers have lost about half of the championships they have been in so they must like losing a lot too
a friend asked me what a donniegasim is.. lol I showed her ur pic n she flipped her panties
Tired just watching this #Caps and #Rangers triple overtime!
Post Edited: Good Writing Tip #3: Appropriate Voice
Thrilled to add Compass Rose in Regina as a new CRM 2.0 client -- making full use of business-to-consumer and co-op agent features!
Uh oh! LOL
Just watched paranormal activity 2...not quite as creepy as 1.
Grabbing your #hiking boots and heading for a backpacking trip through Europe? DM us all the cool places you'll be visiting.
Your first draft of the response should be required reading for legal ethics.
Working on my story :-)
Anyone SF? Take a photo of the office,upload to and earn cash.Easy way to earn some extra $
aaahh!! where can i watch justin?? is it live a live stream or is it on TV?! someone help me please!!
Legs too long for the camaro but my shawty in it too doe
These be-ahs never let me sleep-avg 4hrs/night
Tuesday Facebook Special! $5 Off any purchase of $25 or more!
my brothers honestly the ugliest, and most annoying kid ever..
this episode of law and order though. huh i don't want to have children unless i know i can always protect them :/
"hope is the only thing stronger than fear" diggin this flick and the contribution to the...
Now you're just somebody that I used to blow <U+266C>
Yankees W or L last night?
Interesting SC case scheduled for today. Student forced to be strip searched after another student says student victim hid pills.
Artists, are you connecting with your fan base? #what are you waiting for
: Same. It's amazing how social media can really help out your career nowadays.
....just when you ready to give up, that's just when GOD is ready to show up*
<--- Yay! Hero amongst the heroic!
HCG opens only the excess fat cells allowing excess fat to be burned. No other time in the human body does this happen www.lasvegashcg.com
just started watching dr.who and enjoying some mash potatoes, which are meant for tomorrow. not too shabby!
Imam Zaid Shakir of Zaytuna College is calling upon all Americans to become Peacemakers. Sign up at peacemaker.kintera.org
go with the pirate gear!
Moved into new place & wanted to celebrate w/ a beer. Discovered that paint can keys are designed to open beers too. Nice. :)
": Getting defeated will do one of two things - Make you stronger or make you give up! Be strong always no matter what!"
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend like if you don't have one well... I suggest you get one <3 love you
If you want to cover urban issues, love it, says Causey
S/O the big homie from the East-Side on signing his deal real nigga shit he putting the East-Side on the map
Watched #21JumpStreet yesterday! Soo funny! :p
Fantasy Baseball 2012: Week 4 National League Revelations - Bleacher Report
“: should I call 1452” yep
Lmaao Sorry for my late reply (: && on the way to school
Hey, do what tells you to! Get Corey's address!
Republicans don't care about nothing but them selves and those that have millions.So sad
All i wna do is jump off a bridge right now, i just knew this would happen ! #ImDone !
Lets hear Champagne & Chickenheadz!
Teachers better be letting us watch March madness in class today
Thousands of new markdowns at , and some awesome events coming up- become a client at any location for updates on your faves!
I am at ne med center headed to DT in 10 minute
that case on the giveaway looks dangerous... Haha.
email me your contact information @ and I will pass it on.
hate you more
you awake?
Cheers Dan that would be nice....
New and better things are happening for us soon. #GetStoked !
well I think you should do both, they got great apps. Great, now I want a Scotch Egg.
Found my house. Making an offer on it in the morning. I thought buying a car was cool. Picking out a house was insane
Who's New Year's resolution is to live healthier and get fit? I can help you with if so! Get in contact with me!!!
Real Talk: If you identify as Mexican/Mexican-American, do you celebrate Cinco de Mayo? Or has it become St. Patrick's Day part 2?
getting $3.02 for a tip. << please inform me what the hell am i going to do with 2 pennies.
Clairy i love you
Folks who never do any more than they are paid for, never get paid more than they do.
RT : It is not what happens to you but how you respond to what happens to you. ---> try telling that to a murder victim!
I WAS BUYING GROCERIES PPL ARE SO STRANGE HERE I MEAN WHAT AM I TO DO? THIS IS MY SON DONT JUST TOUCH HIM WITHOUT ASKING ME
Your conversations.
Pau Gasol continues to be the NBA's 'Baumer. Let's just hope he doesn't take off his shoes and socks tomorrow.
any recipes that you all know of for using creeping charlie in brewing? Have lots, wondering if it's useful...
Will shit my pants if I get to see Yellowcard front row again.
Self-respect permeates every aspect of your life.~ Joe Clark
yes I'm sorry I cleaned it and put it up out of way one day. Only If brings me some to work hahaha
I wish you all a Happy and a Prosperous 2012!
lol its funny u brought that up tho
Running the 5k this morning
i went last yr and loved it! i creepily searched for you on fb and saw that we have noam g as a mutual friend. i met him there!
Wheels up to the mountain for a hike / ski! Hope its not too hot!
Tyler, you know you can pull off anything. Even that horrible all jean outfit. Haha ;)
Flight delayed three hours??? Well, bring on the cappuccinos!
When He Texts You First, You Text Back , And He Doesn't Reply .
I had some mp3s from Amazon go corrupt, and now I can't redownload purchased music from Amazon? Never buying from again.
Learned some great lighting tips today in Pikesville
Hey guys can you hookup with your discography so far? She's a diehard fans with no MP3s and it was her bday this mth.
Two different type of players. Won't they play different spots on floor?
Heading to get my adderall refill before my benefits get cut. Bitch needs to focus in FA training!!! Okkkkrrr!!!
Interesting read - I hate running, but downloading a audiobook might be good motivation!
#deepstacks , cc complete. Ready for a bev anyone!!!
Packing for #Kzoo2012. Sure I'll forget something. (Note to self: Print out paper & handouts....)
I got hacked!! Sorry to all my followers!!
Wednesday practice open to public?
#WINNING my tiger blood is boiling.
Still have a few suites for this weekend! Special rates. Call now 305-664-0044.
RT : Because #Cancer is faithful and loyal, they expect nothing but the same from you.
you rock bitch
The Sox are going with their typical lineup despite facing LHP Bruce Chen. Probably because Chen's splits are non-existent over his career.
Thanks! Especially for us West Coasters...#libchat was during my commute time // cc
now following
Why are we still learning when there is only 4 weeks of school left
I like your style!
agree, not enough time! Next year I'll stay longer. Missing you too sexy mama!
I'm only awake to watch the even stevens movie
Karma Yoga - Yoga of Service. Jnana Yoga - Yoga of Wisdom, Bhakti Yoga - Yoga of Devotion, RAJA - ROYAL Yoga... Become a Raja Yogi/Yogini
No Badger game today, but we still want to see you out and about on Brady Street!
Line 'em up! I'll grab the monster truck!
Santorum made me apoplectic when he was a failing Senator! RT I agree. (re Santorum makes me apoplectic)
Whenever Jackie chan fights it's like he's surprised at everything…
We use erythritol, stevia and luo han. Not as common as other sweeteners but ZERO digests to glucose & no Laxative FX
he clumsy
Having a bad day? Celebrating a personal victory? Either way, give yourself some flowers. It is a great, guilt free indulgence!
Forgot how cold this city is and how much people love to jay-walk
Pie in a Jar, anyone??? They're adorable, you want them, you'll love them. Killer as gifts!! Get them:
Who got the HENNY N BLACKS (WINE,PLASTIC TIP)weScales313we
if u do have a party I wanna go ! :D
There are two German Shepherds and a cat on my flight. A stewardess just said she's pretty sure the dogs are going to kill the cat.
hey miss being on the set. It looks like I will not be returning for season 3 :(
Glad you like it!
I'm so good at playing cards..I guess I'm a PLAYER!!
Seems to be ===> do you mean Wine for the Confused?
It is rainy and I hate it! Can't golf in the rain!
Thanks for checkin in on Foursquare! Did you get your free shot of Powers? Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for all our specials
I arrived at a family party and and me got kicked out !!! We are now sitting out in the stairs and it's dark !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
THE UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY WILDCATS
Selected logo, updated mktg budget & sales projections, committed to ADA sponsorship pkg, kicked off AdWords campaign
Point is new folks fumble with the syntax. The tooling is less friendly than what they're accustomed to. They leave.
We're so excited to have at the / offices today - teaching on advertising in the digital era.
You don't know what you're in for , 'bout to get inside your mental .
YOUR SONGWRITING IS AMAZING AND SO IS YOUR VOICE. Would love to get together and write sometime! Listening to your album now.
hey!..movie was good...you can never go wrong with a Liam Neeson survival flick....how are you doing? Are you at work?
This year is starting off too fast. Put on the brakes. I wanted to ease into it
Don't foget! Jenny Lind: My Life as a Fairy Tale March 14th at 11:00am
brings back memories
22 million for justin <3 SO PROUD
oh my god you guys..i'm seriously sweating and all i'm doing is sitting.
My new life mantra: I wish to push mankind forward. Thank you Steve.
you're welcome :)!!! <3im always here for you :)!!
#Reconnecting with loved ones. Best part of my day-more like - month.
ahahaha! That sucks. We're visiting the grand canyon tomorrow
I'm going to vote for Steely Dan, "Reelin' in the Years": "You've been tellin' me you're a genius since you were 17..."
where did you eat?
I LOVE this show! It is a MUST See on your Vegas trip!
How great for taylor!
Free tours today at 2pm and 4pm!
The only things I miss about cable are Yankee games & Mad Men.
You died in my dream last night and I was very sad
Great times last night! See you everyone next week. Right Michelle?:)
I've got too much to do and not enough time to do it in
Sounds like a cool job to me! RT : Enologists are wine chemists who analyze samples of wine and advise winemakers
Congrats! Ask for a raise!
#rockstarteacher often pauses mid-sentence, holds his microphone out and lets his students recite the words to his most popular lessons.
People come back with hopes when you decide to give up cuz its hopeless.. #Love&HateThisMoment
Mondays aren't so bad if you force yourself to have a terrible weekend
NIAAAALLLL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
#Facebook is wack.
The Nature Conservancy And Discovery Education Join Forces To Launch Dynamic Environmental Education Program Exploring ...
Dinner time shasticians! Where shall we go in the #bayarea? Any favorite #restaurants out there?
you're welcome to run here but it might take a while...
the one day i actually want to go running its raining, cool
See my new pics on the #maleforce app
you guys killed it tonight. We had so much fun playing with you!
It's a good course, I don't care what you say. Hahaha.
this early...?
I want some company!
Twitter World... Who you think will win? Bulls or Heat... I have Bulls in 7!
Using Google today? Seven-year-old Dylan Hoffman of #Racine, #Wisconsin created today's doodle. Great job, Dylan.
"By changing what we link pain or pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors." Now, apply this to your body & habits.
I love it. Just bought it on vinyl.
Why is Friends not on at 10 and 10:30 anymore?! What the heck am I going to fall asleep to now?
International day of democracy is sept 15. Birthday of US constitution, by the way, sept 17
Still waiting for Champps or North Lake Inn.
lol i finished
Minnesota native captures amazing video while rescuing his friend from a Utah avalanche. (and I don't use amazing lightly) 6pm. KARE.
i am glad you are enjoying youreself lol
YAY Jeremy!! Great finale to a great season of The Biggest Loser! Such an inspirational show!
You have chosen one of America’s best cities to serve as a backdrop for your college experience Gregory Ballard Mayor City of Indianapolis
loving this computer on the couch evening!
hm. i think it's more gated vs. gatekeepers? not sure about gaters - that's another fuzzy concept
Rocking some faeblades right now in #KoA Reckoning & loving it! Realizing I'll be getting very little sleep in the weeks to come.
thank you :)
My mom is apologizing to Sudiboo.
Thanks for coming in yesterday, Cheryl. How was your meal?
Hey Tabata, way to not have a game today you dick!
Don't u have 2 b a Muslim & a scholar 2 b issuing Fatwas? Didn't know u r actually Marvi Sirmed :)
Happy New Year, I hope your holidays went well, and 2012 is on par or better than last year.
lol yeah Erik looks like a little kid in that picture.
William Levitt was a post WW2 real estate developer. Known as "King of Suburbia" & "Inventor of the Suburb." Disturbing, indeed.
Cheer tomorrow, then work, then out to dinner with the other owner of this account, kenzie. :)
Excited for tonight! It will be my first time at Target Center seeing my band, , for the first time!!
nice explanation of blended learning and what is expected in this digital age!
Not only does the breath make all things possible, it also holds the secret to fully and truly experiencing our lives.
You're right, the first hour of the movie was slow, but the final sequence made up for it.
Putin will win in Russia because he's Not Romney
Uh oh - Century Link's "Discount" on Home Phone Service includes a hidden termination fee if you cancel in less than a year - $99 ouch!
Start the day getting rid of 507. Strength and core!
All you spammers our there, just wanted you to know I don't care that someone is "saying nasty things about me".
Can't that guy just get some time on public access like all the other crazy, raving people?
All you need is love
I'm on board!
you forgot Van Hansis!!! Def the best. Adrian was awesome.
All I want is to be with you no matter what! Sun Rain Snow Hail, I just want it to be me and you!<3 And no one else!<3 LOVE YOU BUNCHES!<333
Glad you enjoyed it!
Valentines day FUCK IT I'm sleeping in and then on the weekend gonna celebrate with friends
Discombobulated. Cattywampus. Persnickety. RT : Flabbergasted is such a good word to say out loud
Hearts will never be practical unless they can be made Unbreakable
oh, I was poking fun of you getting called that in your political back and forth
I'm tired goodnight sweet dreams(: sorry i wasent on much busy shopping at Ingram Mall(: I was at lids hoping to see <3
central market is the bomb.com
I Think Im About 2 Whoop Sum Aszx Today.,!
.Saw the Eu GDP numbers friday. My my my! Heres to Austerity! Heres to all of US who since day one knew-lack of investment...lack of growth
yea but sometimes im late for homeroom and dont even go
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. #Wayne Dyer
Has any NBA player had their best & worst seasons of their career in back-to-back seasons like Amare just did? I blame Melo.
Beckham! He's doing it.
U talkin bout comin out to the show on the 19th?? And has his video shoot this Sat too! EVERYBODY IS WELCOME!!!
I started of cleaning fryers to get thru school 16 years ago and I still feel the same way.... Hungry.
Ooh, thanks, Brandon! Haven't tried that one yet.
In a sales conf. for my company. Learning about selling in the new normal of the education market. Always good to hear what sakes is doing.
fiction: thrillers, mysteries, fact infused fiction a la Dan Brown, comedy. Non-Fiction: Art, Sports, WWII history
roof top party en le NYC for le CInco De Mayo....um perfect?
awesome!!! See u there lol
yeah, him and are both brilliant and passionate. Good combination.
That is hilarious. Well done.
not that depressed huh
thanks for the shout-out! Hope you'll catch us - starting Thursday. Jeff, Brian & me for the news at 4pm
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
Balotelli may be only other guy in EPL I'd be less likely to get advice from than Barton. And here he is warming up
Now chs won't let kids have access to our backpacks. #GoSchool!!
It was. We should do it more. Loved that food! My new favorite place!
at M&Bs. It was super short but fun while it lasted!
#WaysToBeginSex, wrestling. <3 Works every time!
FYI I have a solo show at Trammell-Gagne' in September at #SeattleDesignCenter in #Seattle, WA
Looking like the before pics from 'The Biggest Loser' after the holidays? This week's apps will be dedicated towards weight loss/fitness
3rd is better than 4th! you win! i win nothing (and like it)
The curls at the nape of my neck > the curls in my crown :(
#light_therapy Is there anyone in PDX who sells these products? I know about Sunlan, but am looking for other options...
Hungry for dinner yet? Call and let them bring you dinner from your favorite place in Oklahoma city. Quick and easy
Brush your teeth for at least 2 minutes each session
You're amazing in GoT :D
So, do you guys offer a chaplain to the palliative care patients, too? Didn't see that on that side of the chart...just curious
07:26am Resting my eyes for a min. Be back around 10am
Jus makin it 2 church w/ da girls.. Good Morning World!
What is your #1 goal for this New Year?
DNT TEASE ME, I WILL TAKE IT!!
Full day planned at #acte11 today. Several time slots with 2 presentations that I would like to see.
I LOVE McKays!!!
Why do women have mid-life crises? Because Phil and Oprah say they're supposed to.
Thanks for the retweet about COUNTER. Do you know anyone?
She as got as a fire ant really that's the best thing u cme up wit
The #Texans will be no cake walk. They're a fast, physical, girthy defense. Disguise & Execute will be our mantra this Sunday.
I feel ya. Paper and presentation handouts on my afternoon docket. Bleh.
I wishRT "I'm driving from Manhattan to Fairfield University,CT to see Frank presenting tonight. Anyone coming along?
"Generosity Is A Currency In Endless Supply." -Alok Appadurai
Q3. Name the best bar you've ever been to in the world! (via )
Back to Chicago tomorrow for a call-back for a SAG National Commercial.
Unlike a lot of guys i dont gotta lie
Monster energy drink + me = me hyper!!(:
I just want a women that's real and not accuse me of stupid shit even when shits been proven she wrong.
Broadly defined compensation was repeatedly defined as giving back in the form of publications. Is this enough?
agreed. So get down here! : #Seattle needs a real late night culture! & no, being open to 11pm doesn't count as late night.
"Dude, you just took my corpse!" "Wait, that was his corpse? I thought that was her corpse." (#dareproject chatter)
I appreciate the following. Thanks!
QoTD: "It's those who learn to perform when they're tired that find success." ( J. Robinson )
yeah but tell me about your date!!!! I need details!!!
Does that mean we win?
Love when I get that call in the morning even better on a day like today!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><U+2600>
How I Met Your Mother ^.^
#NFAIS12 Azoluly = everyone goes to wikipedia because they find everything together in one place which speeds research.
is punching strangers!
can we talk about how freekin cute you look in your profile pic? :D BIG KISS
I feel like alot of people hate me:/ haha toobad!
I love it, I will officially have the best afternoon now, rotfl!
what's up Greg I just really started twittering so I need your help getting followers, still learning this network...thanks hun!!!
making these summer plans are making me feel better :)))
who cares...so 5 minutes ago. How about Sean Payton being suspended for a year! Will Brees stay or go?
girl you have a great spring break, with love
What were you doing Sept 11? us. We're compiling a book and all proceeds will go to charity
You are fabulous! I love everything you've designed on #FashionStar. ;)
On train to 's with a tray of whoopie pies
": I can't wait to produce a true talent search TV show where it's not rigged by executives. Yup, I said it. #nothappy #thevoice"
RT : SLEEP IS FOR THE WEAK
Alright, I really need to get packing.
wishing you all a happy valenitinesday
I'm so proud of Austin :') when he's on stage receiving his Grammys imma be here proud to say I supported him from the start
Happy Birthday!! we have to celebratee!:)
One thing I don't understand about Twitter is when someone continually RTs the same person.If I wanted to follow, I would.
I'm supposed to be working on my website, but our archive of baby pictures has me completely distracted. Addicted to baby cuteness. :)
I have an interview for one source talent next week mama
haha be creepy gets you many places my friend, sike..but I miss you too when I saw you in the hallway for .5 seconds the...
I know! And remember our 4am photoshoot at 's, haha
no preview for next week?
School trip in the rain<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Why try so hard to fit in... When you know you were meant to STAND OUT!!!
how much u charge for beats?
that puts the recent discussion of the "worth" of certain college degrees into new perspective!
Everybodys "in a relationship" on facebook now. Fuuuuuck that! Lol
Make sure your contractor has a valid contractors license. www.cslb.com
Digital channels get the most attention when a cross-channel perspective is applied to them. Learning new insights from the Conference
Hey Steve :)
McDreamy :( being an ass!!
Happy Monday Tweeps!! We hope you all had a great weekend!
Father of the Bride 2 (~) **
Let us live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry
Canadians aren't foreigners. Canada is United States' largest national park .
Got an email that I'm locked out of an account. To fix this, click 'reset password' on the 'user details' screen... yeah
Lets go #Lions beat dem ponies!!!
Four weeks is a long time. Tomorrow before i might have to make that trip over there. Ill be happy after that. ;)
Hate you <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A> but that was a good throw earlier
#MorningMotivation - People + Purpose = Organization - Change the world: Gather ppl around ur purpose
poofy umbrella drinks?
We will be keeping you updated on the #World Cup as well www.ussportspages.com
Nightline is doing a story on mutton busting, it's like they've never been to Texas before!
Being on facebook and twitter > doing homework... :/
How the hell can you say its alright for you to ask for,money but we better not as you?!
Good morning people!
Editing, editing, editing. Today it's a music video, tomorrow it could be your reel! Audition-Studio.com
In Music Meeting New Pornographers “Crash Years” Makes me think of the Blake Babies a little. Happy to hear from them
Why not just have Joba shag all the BP flies?
Social Media Tip: Don't forget the keywords! Without them, both people and search engines will have trouble finding your #smallbiz online.
Sweet delicious 340 calorie honey bun
Wolfram, a Search Engine, Finds Answers Within Itself
It doesn't really matter though...#Pens are taking the Cup this year :)
Retweet if u tryn to go to movies tomorrow it's on me
Huge congratulations to the Grand Prize winners -- RightCare Solutions!!
Morning. Tweeting because I have some time to kill, otherwise I never do it minute by minute like I do on Facebook.
Thanks for mentioning our video.
These #NBA refs have been horrible tonight both ways.
I'm super excited for the show!
I did too, but it definitely made me feel that my personal tolerance for the outre might be a liiitle to good. :)
Finally found out what YOLO means. Man, I feel like an idiot. ha. <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
he is hott
Marky Mark is my hero RT A9 Mark Wahlberg, from when he hung out with the funkybunch.
Went shopping with my aunt and she got some candles. I had #thebest apple cider ever!! So, she bought some for me at the ingles :D
there's the Jamey Wright we know! 4 pitch BB!
The White Butterfly crew (students) were awesome. I need to buy bigger mandrels- they were beads on silver chains, crazed :)
I think they should have a Barbie with a buzz cut
I just wish you were mine.....
I am a survivor... for sure. ....there is a song that comes to mind with that... oi..Reba MacIntyre, right???
Getting really excited for Saturday night! Groovesect is playing with Fred Wesley and Leo Nocentelli at Tipitina's Uptown at 2am!!!!!!!!!!!
Charleston-bound in four days!
Naw I never did the chicken Fridays...that a no no!!
san francisco: are you yourself or do you have any unemployed/freelancing friends who want to hang during the day and talk about music?? :-)
I registered a while back, but don't have the time. Would be happy to pass it off to you. DM me for details
I will definitely be getting a copy of Mad Women to read - an inside look at the advertising agency in the sixties from a women's pov...
If guys had periods, they’d brag about the size of their tampons.
don't do it, don't be one of those people!! hahaaha
Its's a beautiful day :]
Sick hike with today in atrastadero open space
I'm honored by the retweet yesterday. Glad to see that u're coaching. Good things are in front of u. Any broadcasting aspirations?
You better make an appearance miss.
we are driving back do sometime tomorrow morning :) its flexible
Guys, we're doing a live show at Largo in LA in May! Cannot wait. Details soon.
uh I'm not sending you words dude
text me.. I messages you on FB, my number
Thanks alot for the support! :)
can you send me some of your newest songs? I'm interested and have a publisher's ear ready. Are you guys looking for Pub?
Ah! Awesome, I'll do that now. :)
Ditto that... Though it's easy to distract me from the important things like cutting grass though.
RT : Lord, I've seen fire, and I've seen rain. I've seen an auto race that I thought would never end...
“: Wtf did this girl just have me watch lol” Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Bed dreaming of you I hope. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
The Twitter Paradox: a tool that apparently requires the least amount of effort (140c) end up being the most time-consuming to use
#Romney wants to give another $250K in TAX CUTS 2 #millionaires but CUT #medicare #socialsecurity #PellGrants etc!NO heart in him
that's actually not true Tom. She works for Tom Shepard and "Move to the Middle". They don't coordinate though...
I was going to wear Timofey Mozgov's obnoxiously blue shoes
Great game tonight!! GO SWISH!!!! <3
live may 26th Iowa Val air ball room Dope Venue Im spinning Lego
leah got her own movie lmao
Woah. I cried while writing that...
Friday! Go get some HORNY in ya, you crazy kids! Just kidding, 21+ only, don't get any ideas ;)
I think about salt and sugar when I'm reading them.
Caroline Bruzelius G'82 delivers opening address for annual meeting: "Inside/Outside: Friars & the Dynamics of Urban Space"
hey Ellen could you please watch my video of my daughter on YouTube. It's called forbidden hunger. It's so cute
It doesn't matter what you think you're fighting about. It always comes down to a choice between fear and love. Chose wisely.
Team K went to Had the Chi Cheng! Been there 4x, tried to meet you Ryan, we always miss each other. Ya'll never dissapoint!
be truly thankful 4 what u have. Realize how blessed u r, cuz there r so many out there that would change places with u in a heartbeat
good morning! xo
quit smoking weed and getting drunk and STUDY! and maybe it wouldn't be so bad JON JON!
Leonardo da Vinci wrote in his notebooks that a man that could not control his sexual impulses was 'no better than a beast in a field'......
nobody is perfect, we are all the same no matter what cultural or racial differences we may have, or what religion we follow
Waking up early to take a shower <<<<
Wow wtf, I say happy birthday and get nothing back . W.e fake ass people
Just had an "ah ha" golf swing moment. Need to keep my right elbow tucked more. Hope to see some results on the course tomorrow
Guy's the guy! MT : Going to NV's capital tonight to give a speech and be on stage w/state treasure, ex-Archivist Guy Rocha.
"An interest is what people really want and need; a position is what people say that they really want and need."
First draft of the website is up! www.recoverrecords.com More to come soon. Get ready music lovers.
I'm revoking your uk citizenship. Again.
Good night swtor family Republic & Sith :-)
RT The only disability in life is a bad attitude. ~ via and :
Imm guessing the black or orange. :p
SO proud of SASD!!
yup. Late next month. Not sure about the dates yet.
and also white queerness or labor movement scholars who dont give a shit about race.
Zuckerburg opposes #SOPA, you can trust this man with everything except your idea to create Facebook
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow.
Chase- stop telling me I'm poor with incessant notifications and texts. I KNOW!
I stand with & for Those that don't like what he has to say, I hear Cuba is nice this time of year....MOVE!
are you lonesome tonight? do you miss me tonight? are you sorry we drifted apart?
Did you report our pizza research to ?
Should i buy tamales from the toothless lady outside of the Bexar County tax office? Decisions...decisions...
Great meal at the Rathskellar tonight. Everyone in the group is happy. Now we are all sleepy...
Cool story Meryl.
Thanks for the tweet! I hope people actually find these weekly lists helpful - no idea if anyone actually uses them!
Buddy Dusty's Corner sent me a TON of stuff to review and look over for suggestion. Small box packed full of stuff, video coming up soon.
:O so jealous
Thanks guys for cheer me up and Michelle ill make your mix ASAP
Monsieur Harold and the Gentleman Kumar Adjourn to The Castle of White
I went to allsaints nyc great jeans and jackets and my favorite armani exchange chezk out their new sunglasses
"Don't bait me cause ya ain't me."
Substate game at 12 today, everybody come out and support!!! We're dishing out W's and ass kickings.
my gf just got signed in Chicago is it possible to get a signed if not personalized copy, I will do anything possible, please, ty
How precious is your steadfast love, O God! All people may take refuge in the shadow of your wings
hey :) follow back please or unfollow!
Frightdome later ;/ i ant believe so many people bailed !
Heck yes it is!!
Cat is out of the bag...Its Chef Alex's birthday today!!! Everyone give him a hug!
I have one of those -> <- no worries. #life is what it is, I'm just shocked 2see Ppl who cry out #life & support
Today was too much fun.
“: #SneakerSaleSunday Air Jordan Retro 3 "Flip 3's" DS.. $180” you must have a FSR cause I don't see any specific size
TOMORROW ITS A BIG DAY IN MY LIFE PRAY FOR ME AND ALSO HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY LOVE BILL KAULITZ
praying for u bud!
Primus is an excellent band to draw monsters to.
I need some cream cheese yo. I should brought some in a ziplock bag from her crib.
Remember the only thing God want is for us to love one another and to love god. It free.
Thank you for your kind donation to our upcoming event on May 4! Please follow us to receive updates about our event&clinic!
give you the keys to my sweet ride?
I always feel better buying music than anything else.
Rain. Crabs.
Thank the stars we all fell in love w/ #kansascity boys & beards "We love ya we love ya we love ya & where you go we'll follow we'll follow
Wednesday @ 18th St Arts Complex saw a great documentary, LA WOMAN, interviews w/ 50 Lady artists by Kate Crash. Divine!!!
He's more the man than you'll ever be, and you're just mad because you still think of me. #TweetAboutMorePlease <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
and okay it on repeat! His smile at the end? I MELT.
Don't forget to watch on tonight! Goin to own restaurant wars!
In the bus today with anthony and hubert lol losers need a life but I love them :D<3
The role of a writer is not to say what we all can say, but what we are unable to say. ~Anaïs Nin
No one cares about the odds...we just want to see how high it can go! A chance means there's a chance.
wise advice
is a belieber!! ;)
I think this calls for the start of a new campaign to redeem your mayorship - at least for a short time : )
Senators trooping to mic to support literacy bill before final Senate vote.
When 's "good luck" tweets spam your TL. <<<< but good luck dude. :p
go sit yo retarded, standin in the front door with tinkerbell drawls on eatin graham crackers watchin da trash men ass down
“: IT speed dating for faculty #eli2012” introducing tech to faculty in a round robin of tech tables.
you're gonna pay for me and Allie? :3
Yes, I'm studying you, I want to be you.
Windy outside! Wind advisory in effect, gusts up to 40mph. All your overnight news, weather and traffic now on KXAN.
listening to music and you?
awe, they are adorable!
sigh. easier now, but think about the future people! All that metal...
Hey thanks for the
Um tire story, i just found Booboo on twitter and he came to IL, um why weren't we there?!?
Funny math does not add up - LETTER
Enjoy! :) : coming from mi I want them!!
I've been there. There's always next year!
hahaaaa you loved that
At Numbers waiting for RSA to rock.
- I think the ultimate promotional prize would be MNF Tickets for a season, with behind the scenes access
Kim Jong fun fact: he was the 4th member of the beastie boys. Hence 'il communication'
Can't seem to get moving today
Previewing "Joseph" tonight. Can't wait for the showing in theaters. Join us at the Fiesta on the 26th.
well, i got my toaster “: Today's the anniversary of "The Puppy Episode" of my sitcom. I'm still waiting for that puppy.”
you only have yourself to blame. See u soon.
You must see rapper in
I did, bro. Just barely. Still hating today.
Thanks for the follow:
swaggerjackers, and they know who they are first #subtweet ever
esp in social media
More official photos have been uploaded.
RT : That just has me rolling. I'm imagining how many ways a sombrero can be turned into an elaborate derby hat.
It would be funny on Spurs for a week or two. Terry, Cole, & Drogba would be European Champs for life. Ugh.
Odd Duck is on Twitter at We guarantee we're the only ducks you'll find who go "tweet."
You'd love Japan. I was there recently and 7-11 is very popular and has better selection than in the US.
At the half here in Macon....FINS 28 stetson 37! TIME TO RISE UP AND DO WORK!! #fearthefin #maconmadness #surviveandadvance GO FINS!!!
I LOVE MY WILDCATS! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Scottsville Farmers Market is officially open. Get here if you can!
didn't exactly see fitness glamour. Website isn't super kindle friendly.
I understand I'm like that also, just get the dress!!! And some shoes to go with it!
Lol RT : Vibrators are for girls tht can't take a real Dick...
Not cool! His heart's in the right place though. Weight is a tough issue to talk about. I've been on both sides.
hello to my favorite soap actor :) u hve surpassed Don Diamont in my eyes lol
You know, this buccos fan thing isn't too bad.
Agyrophobia is the fear of streets or of crossing the street
<-------Feel like shakin this big ass tonight!!
TWEET #5000 goes out to noone else beside my absolutely perfect <3333
haha gee thanks
#Wedding tip: If time allows, attend one of the band’s or musician’s performances to evaluate how they would sing and play with an audience
well what kind of stunts are you trying to pull here?
Will Phineas and Ferb ever go to school? Seriously lol it's been like three or two years of Summer for them and even in Wintr o.O
Clear + Brilliant augments topical lotions/serums-makes them go on turbo. I think it'll replace microderm with a more precise laser option.
What about if they are grey and black camo? Are those acceptable?
(distinct gurgle noise a person makes when George Kottaras' penis is in their mouth)
Chinese New Year!
are you talking current or all time alums?
#WIDNR 85 percent of those in #Wisconsin have a neutral or positive opinion of hunting.
Good lookin' out man. Thanks.
At halftime, Bakersfield 41 LA 44
8 units left at Historic Florence Court, Call today to make sure you get the unit you want!
don't worry , it's all good ;)
We are so #thankfulfor mothers everywhere around the world. Their love, support and caring makes this world go round. Thank you.
Happy Mothers day to my amazing mom! And all the other moms out there who give their 150% in raising their kids right!
My bucket list would def include: Lost Coast/Sinkyone; Pt. Reyes; Sonoma Coast Camping; running along beach S of Monterey.
Gym 1pm, company meeting 4pm, dreaming I was retired priceless.
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
Have fun! :D
is so mean !
Duncan is starting where he left off against Memphis. 11 1st quarter points. Timeout PHX
: What are they waiting for? They need to right this wrong.
sorry i dont follow people without an avi RT for that good ol' follow
when life hands ya lemons... It's about time we make some lemonade! <3
I feel like shit I just want to go to bed. :/
After a warm day Monday, the storm that slowed down will finally arrive late tonight. Windy coast & North with rain Tues morning. cool 40s.
librarians who have MLS + another degree-what is it? pondering what avenue to travel next...
your birthday wish made me laugh, thank you (:
or justin bieberr (:
followed you!
we stayed at carib beach years ago. Very nice. Pop too actually. We are too big now. I need the big suites. 3kids/1room/painful
Crispy like them rice crispy joints
I don't have to say anything. Look a year or so back when they were attacking PLoS all the time, there's much more to see.
be sure to check back soon! It will be up!
i like the guy with the perry the platapus shirt.jajajajaja
Don't forget to follow fan club at
haha the food was quite delicious, I won't lie!
that games is crazy, u can go there with free play n win, 100's playing 3 dollars a push or u ould lose 100's trying to win.
I got mine in blue sharpie. i thought most were in green?
Children in schools are allowed to pray, they are just not forced to pray. Apparently #RickPerry doesn't understand the difference.
Could the Shirts say support Robert for Ward 5? If so I would definitely wear one! Seriously, what would you print on them?
"If you & tim had kids we wouldn't know whose features he/she would have because you both look the same" oh ok mom already planning my kids
Thinking about u Kim, ur family is destined for greatness. Ive been to Dubai and Kuwait & they are beautiful just like ur fam
Ironically, for me, Arkansas might qualify as exotic—one of the states I've not visited.
looking good Hollywood
E.g. when I scan a sketch as an underpainting for Painter, that might be born digital.
I don't trust Cole at all.
Dog Eat Hotdog
New music from and It's been a pretty good Monday.
Now, watching Intervention...and all I can think is how cute the sons of the addict are!
I'm officially done with Beckett. We need to unload him.
Apparently, I've been a bad boy??? ;)
I don't think there's a worse intersection than Zafarano and Chamisa in Santa Fe. It's a busy 4 way stop where no one knows what to do.
Who remembers still that time Snooki got punched in the face? Lmao
What are your favorite Biographies and Documentaries by or about performing artists?
As of today, voiceovers have a new professional organization: World-Voices. What do you think of the name?
Welcome to Oklahoma !! If you and need a tour, I have some PTO time saved up. Oh, what fun we'd have.
-___- you can't lol, i'm baby sitting ! haha
really? Why
hope your day went well young ladies and you kept that thing positive! ;-)
Hey Justin, thanks for your interest! And I'll see what i can do!
Sick of travel yet?
has a wealth of good indie brand taste & knowledge! Don't believe me, take a look at all your review requests from indie brands.
i love u on ur so funny ur one of my idols none of my heros
This has probably been the shittiest week of my life.
I'm dying! We don't have What.A.Burger. *extreme sad fave*
A fool can ask more questions than seven wise men can answer. - Italian Proverb
Been busy trying to reconstitute the main mailing list. Part 1 is done. Now on to rebuilding the digest.
Supposed to be meeting with a student who is in desperate straits, but he didn't show.
you shut it, oh they notice, they notice
My monthly dinner club wants to do a #Paleo themed night-yay! They have been inspired by the amazing changes in my family!
Um, #hazanavicius.. How about a thanks to your wife? Lead actress? Something?
Everybody likes me
getting started on twitter.
thanks for sharing that--interesting stuff. If only i were as prolific...minus the ciggies...lol!
HI LAUREN .D
Happy Birthday! :)
If you build it, they will come? RT Shoppers want to belong. They want to be heard. They crave a better buying experience.
Wishing a Happy Birthday!!
Lmao. It could happen!!
Contador has been amazing in this #Giro. Is it wrong that I have to imagine he's using drugs to be on this sort of form?
stop with the not being goos enough stuff. :/
We are playing open mic night at Fountain City Coffee next Thursday! Don't miss it! Lost On LeMans at Fountain City Coffee <3
Is something happening with cloud-based software?
So hungry.
The pressure on. I see open lane I must attack. Music should make you feel good. Flow,lyrics and concepts are missing.
of course, that goes without saying, naturally.
Follow my main account
lmaooooo bang bang
yes but I am dead inside and this contest is all I have!
Oh, I know!! Lol
go hard brotha go HARD
Hey! DM when you get a chance...We've been trying to reach you too!
Why was I not told about Santa-Con?!
she misses you when she's taking naps as well...
#SaySomethin Should seriously come on iTunes!!
Screw off Riemer!
#salute to all the homies that knew NOTHING ELSE but trappin, and found there lane in the "legit" world
And if you dont grab em atleast ur on top of the world! Lol i quoted pitbull on my binder!
Take every chance you can so you don't regret it later
I'm on 2, in the direction of the men's room, in a little blue room off a long rectangular open space, door side wall.
#Nw Triple Dog <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
The falafel laffa wrap is for sure a fan favorite! A pleasure seeing you yesterday, Jeneba.
on the show lol . it seem like they try to play her as a dumb blonde because she isn't as smart as them but is still smart
Going crazy... But feeling better!
I don't know wether to say ruuuuummoooor or rumor has it in the song Rumor has it
Good bye mister starfish. you were awesome while you were still alive. :-(
It's going to be fabulous!
#thebestthing is when i can sit there and make stupid faces at you over skype and how you send me music to listen to
if in two years FICO scores are generated from debit cards, we can say we were there to hear about it
corporate gifts for the anniversary of the crash! nice.
ewww y would I want to be on oovoo with bobby lol
Still don't think Knicks are better without Amare? More energy, better D & reb. Amare clogs everything up and is lazy
Has anyone ever tried that Taste of India restaurant on I-5? Curious because it's one of two restaurants between SF and LA
With Ozzie Guillen, it's always about Ozzie. Too much talk of how sad he is.
#ItsAmazingHow My Mom Has Slept On The Couch The Past 2 Nights Just To Watch Over Me Since I Can't Sleep On My Bed. I Love Her <U+2764>
Girl: I'll show you how to play Minecraft! Boy: I already KNOW how to play Minecraft. Girl: (pats his back) It'll be okay. Don't be scared.
aw thanks:)
Zayn Malik I can be your Bonnie, you can be my Clyde. x
Who all is going to Austin to hang with us at SXSW this year? We barely survied last year...
A lot of experienced bloggers here at the Safeway event!
its stupid to just only look at last season & assume SAS will lose 1st round again. they dont realize its a different team
U think u kno me lol
By a show of hands. Who's gettn lit right before they eat tomorrow??? NE body??????
sweet. we're on it. THANK YOU.
Happy Monday! Did you have a good weekend? -
I'm online everyday..and no Jamal u look like u sum garbo at 2k lol
Rock on! RT “: PT's happy hour!” I want some sushi!
I saw it went up, TL must have done it
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.___ THOAMS A. EDISON
$107.37 is all I need.
We'd love for your to do a review of one of our personalized etched wine bottles. Can we send you one?
We might move to Seattle earlier than planned if my mom does the internship down there....~
Thanks for your support good brother! It's time for some Action...#AlphaAction! 06!
I believe I have caveman roots. Sometimes I leave the house without putting on any moisturizer.
UFC 145 Fight fight Night! Jones Vs Evans! THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE!!
haha yeah I love Betty white.
That's like all I do.
Here's looking forward to the weekend! #HelloFriday. It took you too many days to get here!!” I whole-heartedly agree "
You not paying attention to the movie!
you mean when i took this pic .. right ?
we get it
Crazy guy with the ENDisNEAR sign? Turns out he was right.
Modern dance day! I plan on counting the number of students with confused and angry faces when I show them Merce Cunningham.
RT Early Valentines Day dinner with at one our favs
"Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie" will premiere May 17th. For interview request, please contact
Content with the fact every tweet I write is either about CB, ATL, P!ATD or Peeta. Yup.
I've been thinking the same thing every time I see a subway ad.
Starships were meant to fly
these drivers are supposed to be the best in the world?? Seriously, one lap??
well good for you for sticking up for yourself!!
I can respect that :)
it's time for bed with out sex
just got signed up with twitter looking to get it moving !!!
Who has shows this week?
Thank you. I still use the back burner stuff all the time. I've tweaked here and there for ongoing projects. Works great.
Canada considers loosening rules on those entering the country with criminal records, allowing minor misdemeanors. ly/95Nro
where are you at now? <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC>?
ok I got it , thanks bro. I appreciate it to the fullest
there is SO MUCH WIN right there lmao
Lots of players do things that are considered "dirty". Just a matter of if you see it or not.
feelings fuck up everything , i swear .
GET SO EXCITED!!
and I think the exact same thing!!
MLB Network's Bill Ripken joins us at 1:30pm with Bruce on The Fan AM 1060 and streaming at www.azsportstalk.com
Just allow me to say that I 'forgot' about their being a third week in September and just skipped to the 4th week....this is my story
Wish you were too! That'd be lovely :o)
Oh it will be on twitter. You know me. You know why.
ok long hair don't care
I want the pants
#nationalhonestyday - too bad no one knows what truth is anymore bc everyone lies.
Nice job manly girl! :D
Gathering for closing ceremonies at #thatcamp SE. We're passing the torch to Florence and Melbourne next!
note: talk will take place tomorrow, Tues 11/1. we'll be live tweeting from the event. follow
To everyone running or walking in the 10K today, have a great time.
- who is the daymar you thought I was? Get a lot of tweets for him...
#oryeah your more ratchet than Kelsey in history
S/O from my boss Thx Kion! ": My partner in crime is making my life a lot easier this week. Shout-out to "
I plan to continue my quest to qualify for the Aruba Classic on Ultimatebet tonight. I'm doing well so far.
I think one of the biggest issues with the end is that it's nonsense. You have to realize this story begins with ME1. 2007.
“TheJK_Kid: Blue Moon!"keithsdaman715: TheJK_Kid everyone wants to know what's your favorite beer"” I knew I liked u kid
vomitelolol no, it's not the list
The 1st one
Our plans miscarry Bcuz they have no aim.When a man doesnt know what harbor he is making for,no wind is the right wind. -Seneca
Save the date. February 29. Uncommon Ground - Devon. Walk East with special guest Ami Saraiya.
Glad you liked the pics! Very big day yesterday - so glad they're all home now!
I agree but that one really ate him up..
Cano is a beast, I'll give you that!
Just got home from work, that means it's finally iOS5 o'clock!
(c) YOUR EXTREMELY STUNNINGLY BEAUTIFUL! And if that doesn't give you the slightest hope your skinniness comes with (c)
was it any good?
I don't understand how it's possible to chew with one's mouth open and not annoy oneself with the resulting sound
.. but i still need more followerzzz
Just seeing this new twitter outline.....kinda like it!! :)
I once bought 12 yards of gingham, just because it was 90% off!
Thanks for the RT!
RT : Holy Shit! Did I really record, edit, and post an episode of in the same day?? should tell me to...
once does seem good enough. Also saw Wilde. Looked for Chopin but no luck finding him.
Wants the Lakers to advance just to see Ron Artest come back all amped up & do the diamond cutter on someone in the first half
#It'sCrazyHow Undercover HATERS respect you the most:-) :-)
SHORTS was fun last night. If you missed it, tonight 8pm at Theatre Project.
Girl, go to VH1 and watch episode 13, you will learn it ALL & more than you want to know! smdh
Just saw the first pair of flip flops in March. What my Japanese co-worker calls "pushing toe" too early.
lmao or you could have just typed in my name!
The tables have turned today. Wade is strolling about and WyWy's sleeping in
Moo! Moo! Moo! Moosiers!
Our new seasonal, Patty's Irish-Style Cream Ale, is now on tap! We will also have pre-filled growlers available next week!
That. was the worst weathercast I've had in a very, very long time. Methinks I need a vacation.
thanks for the kind words. :)
Tomorrow, don't miss HBO's "LIGHTS OUT" & "TREME" Casting Director Christine Kromer: Few spaces only for this Awesome Casting office!
Wow... Gotta drive in this storm :(
What are you doing to to freshen up the look of your home?
Having a blind dog means never rearranging the furniture just for the hell of it.
It's almost #FathersDay, which makes me wonder: those who have had a #vasectomy, when did you know your family was complete?
I appreciate the follow Thank you!
I hate o Canada that's what I hate when Kings play Canadian team
I feel like I won my own Oscar last night
HEADING TO SCULPTURE GARDEN - THEN MADISON HOTEL - THEN BUSBOYS 'N POETS - ending with BOHEMIAN!!!
I hope everything works out for you Logan! Ill miss seeing you on the road!
That is amazing! Congratulations! :D RT Thank you SS. We raised over $10.6 million for Breast Cancer research!
Lot's of great conversations at the #GartnerBI Summit yesterday. message of cost savings, ease of use, and self-service BI that d…
I'm annoyed that I have to take time out of talking about how drunk I got on St. Paddy's day to tell potheads 4/20 sucks.
neither have I, haha, well hopefully we finally get to meet! :)
aw, that's sweet! Lucky!!! :p
Hello. :) You followed me and I noticed you're a fellow Chairleader. Nice to meet you. :3
hmm I'm not sure I can agree ;)
Flight of the Conchords wins an Oscar! (by way of #theMuppets). Nice!
My last day listening to sing. #wickedbummed and will miss (W)right On very much!
Gotta Make it, Trey Day So All ya #TreysAngels Can Buy it.
Note to self: encourage more architecture related partying in #Houston. Philip Johnson Society, anyone???
haha only if we cud go pull tht bitch out the water for killn dude first lol
Freddie Gibbs Friday commute. Yep.
Gabe don't like her i can tell
Its 75, why am I stuck inside?!
You don't know uh ohh
Great story in today's about the Instagram and Facebook deal
Excellent!!! Email coming your way :)
I get that from time to time about being Mexican myself, since I don't fit the stereotype either... ;)
KARAOKE tonight at NINE at with Robby sing and win $85 by singing the Super Mystery Jackpot song.
Malenfant: futurists use multiple tools, gather data at present point to forecast future
#wordswithfriends is addicting!
FX playing 4 episodes straight of "Louie" at 2 in the morning is butt-fucking my insomnia.
ayyy my song.
Shoutout to the new follower < follow
Great, now I'm addicted to League of Legends.
Chihuahua costume party falls short of record - KTVN
thanks for two great sessions on choice and personalized learning at #PearsonCITE. You have given me some good ideas and resources.
Amen! Thanks for the tip. What #ffs should be more like.
when do we do Vegas?
We only become what we are by the radical and deep-seated refusal of that which others have made of us.
you should do a video about how crushed you are that they took the dolphin dive out of MW3...
Have you tried Mendeley groups? Any specific parts that don't work for you?
find another play and I will go in goal. I wi keep a clean sheet skipper
#iLoveWhenYou tell me I'm beautiful and actually mean it. But how can I be so sure that's the case?
youll be easy to beat then ;)
None but ourselves can free our mind. -Bob Marley
post-#FF thanks and 'right back at you' & !
They are World Champions after all.
#NP TPain - When I Come Home
RT Follow your bliss & the universe will open doors for u where there were only walls. ~Joseph Campbell
Clearly I DO need more coffee.
you're so GOOD at nerd-tweeting I wish you'd begun earlier! But more importantly, Happy Launch Day!
I Want a lala makeover lol.
hey hows it going?? haha im sorry I have somthin called>>BIEBERFEVER
Map: The 12 States of America (income inequality and median family income changes over last 30 years) from
#A GOOD GIFT FOR FATHER'S DAY - FATHERING WORDS: THE MAKING OF AN AFRICAN AMERICAN WRITER by E. Ethelbert Miller
Happy Easter!
we were at sertich the kids take ice skating. Back up north now. Where were u?
and he should kinda follow me.
Thanks for the #FF!
u go girl lol i lioke the new and improved u uve come a long way from dopey dave
Economic Development Corp. of KC website still lists Bob Langenkamp as its interim CEO, even though Pete Fullerton has had CEO job for weeks
Tiffy on Twitter works fine. One of these days, she's gonna tell EVERYTHING. And I'll be following :)
Trey Grimm tonight 8pm, make your requests from lady gaga to Bruce Springsteen to Billy Joel
RT : Loved the ribs, they fall off the bone! Simply amazing. RT : Thanks for stopping by and hope you...
find him at
Just got back home from tour!
Sounds perfect. We'll get in touch via e-mail to sort out the details.
I don't remember sis
Say it isn't so that Sugarland comes to UCSD the same day I hope to be racing in Seattle...
Good day -- just literally blew up in my face
We hope the boyz are okay!
Why is brandon bass taking that shot??!!!
games not over yet bane!! If they win then it will Easter!
The weather is smoking hot and so's Anya Marina. Blee dat!
A bunny. As in the energizer bunny. B/c the party keeps going&going&going.. RT : If was any animal, it would be a…
awe is so sweet!!
you make me smile. except when u work early
I guess Mac Browns blood is not burnt orange after all. #razorcut? #poppedzit?
IM THINKING BOUT DOING A REMIX TO T-PAIN "5' O'CLOCK"
The steeper the mountain the harder the climb the better the view from the finishing line
what do you want stormy Craig ? Lol
you looked stunning!
gonna knock over a few vases in the house, so the man realizes i broke them on purpose when i was wearing the cone.
Couldn't get through a day without it!!
it is a good thing
I often wonder how Tubby may have said Terrance based on the way he said Erik and Gerald.
I hope I find wat I'm lookin for mayb I should just drink a lil bit more
Watching #upallnight on NBC..jury is still out on it!
no prob hope it helps... We have a lot of updating to do. Didn't know we could do categories til 3/4 way done.
that's everyday 4 me hahah
It's all good!
Thanks for the RT, Jackie :)
That stomach ache you get when you accidentally rack yourself <<<<<<< 0.o
Thanks ! RT as good as an Amen!
Hyperextension of the knee
thanks man!
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
Amen. U will b okRT : When people walk away from u, let them go. It doesn't mean they're bad, but their part in ur story is over.
Decanter Friday @ Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar. Come see what waits for you in our decanter deals. Doors open at 4:30pm - Salud !
Your welcome darling!!! and hopefully!!!!:)
Ive done nothing but watch the #NBAplayoffs all day long
served, set, spiked.
RT : Wow! There are some great deals on right now - massages, yoga, art. Check it out and support !...
so can I babe.
I already miss Mr. Dancingbymyself
Uh, well I'd hope not.
do I lose points for spelling crustacean wrong? #crustacean Thanh Long 1971
yes. hes so hot. like i can't even.
Yes, I'm focused on the game, but taking a T.O. to note that the Ricky Gervais/Golden Globes is brilliant. Nice job, creative services!
Homework done and its not even midnight! Woo hoo!!!!
ha ha everything is a deal these days, i don't buy it if it's not, esp if there are 1300 of them floating around
Ciroc & this sprite <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
being flooded lately with what appears to be SEO-trolling spam from diploma mills, but might be legit grad student queries. sigh.
You spent our rent money on Philipino hookers? So? You got a problem with that. Lol things we say in school.
Post hot tub/beach glow :)
Ah yes, the WoW. Unfortunately, suspended on my end.
well done with Khet 2.0. Congrats on the #Android launch!
Happy Friday everyone!
You going to the 12:30 sesh on philanthropy and the digital public dialogue?
Just when I think Dan Snyder has learned his lesson & not waste picks, he pulls this lol RT : nuts... crazy..insane
hahaha let's try it at least once.
Is this a delayed tweet? I don't think they play till 6. RT Tough loss by the Crew today. Quite the slugfest.
that is a great show!
News PGA champ Bradley opens with a 65 A dream year for PGA champion Keegan Bradley might not be over yet.
Angelica Mendoza & Lidia Alvarado-Congratulations on your 4th Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Franchise! Thnks for keeping Sacto's business clean!
Mimicing my teacher makes her happy lmao especially in French!
Tired as fuck.
Great Sunday morning. Just got back from an 8.5 mile walk on #oakleaftrail with an #alterra on the lake coffee stop half way.
Whew! What a busy day at work. I am looking forward to the three day weekend. Hopefully, we will have a relaxing weekend with nothing to do.
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over. But had me believing it was always something that I'd done...
On set about to do our scene with
Bloggers and reporters, be nice to those pitching you. Businesses and PR folks, be nice to bloggers and reporters.
Have "soft kitty, warm kitty..." running through my head. And it's not even Thursday yet!
Ok great, I have a place thats booked right now, but soon they will call me for more artist, remember to inbox me!
Watchin The Avengers online
find a uni that offers custom majors. Some let you submit a proposal with a class sched and if approved they'll let you major
I forget what it's called. It's number 16 haha. Turkey BLT!
busy woman, I like hopesolo too..
Really! I don't keep up with Baseball, but that sounds like 12/21/12 may be for real. #CollegeFootballMan #116DaysToGo RTR
Giving this Marsha Ambrosius a 2nd listen... GOOD MORNING LOVES!!.
rest her voice and... browse twets
I agree
yeah he does but you can't tell me that MC hammer and BMF don't sound the same . And they are both Lex Luger beats
keeps breaking the internet. you heard it from me first
well you know how I do
twitter apologies? Classy!
She let me hide my weed in her ( . Y . )'ies
Whats your email I can have you a few songs in there by 3:00?
went driving today...not bad at al!!!l
sure thing! Ever been down to Atlanta? Gone into LGA and JFK before, imagine Newark has got to be a little less crazy haha!
My timeline is a little boring Need some entertainment can we get a twitter war going here You guys do it best haha and
BREAKING: North Carolina's state tree, the pine, has officially been replaced with the bigotree. (via
Thanks everyone who came out for Dare Project 19! We literally couldn't do this without you. Dare Project 20 will be in May. Stay tuned!
Last day of #alise2011. It's been great! Going to catch one more session this morning, then hopefully convene with some #alamw11 folks.
Sleeping schedule is all out of wack. No bueno!
Stopped in for a drink at Upper Deck in Berea..weird crowd tonight
Theme to Clockwork Orange by Tiesto, forgot how much I love this song.
"The, the, the...THE GRINCH!" Family tradition time. Carrey should've won an Oscar for this role.
Damn drunk idiots they thee a captain Morgan alcohol bottle through my kitchen window!
Disproportionately delighted to hear "What It Is" by Mark Knopfler playing in the grocery store today.
Junior High Plays...
The awesome thing is that its not gonna be me. I may want him more than he wants me. But I definitely don't need him more than he needs me.
We officially have a 1st AD! Woo!! For those who don't know an AD coordinates the crew/scheduling and is the director's left hand. Perfect!
Are we having fun yet?
Dudes, North Ave is closed all day onTuesday Dec. 13th!!! Plan accordingly!
Ugh i know! It sucks... We need to meet up okay?! OKAY :D And omg that'd most defiantly be the best party! No discoballz allowed!
cant wait to see the new house pookieee <3
Happy Mothers Day to my wonderful mom! Thank you for being so supportive, taking photos and always picking out the best dresses!
What up with the Boosie Case BR
I called a million times around 9ish an ur phone was off I got arrested & i meant saturday not last nite lol
no, girl! Lol! I'm still in the ATL. I was just trying to tell him he oughta move away from Florida!
lol good cuz I was like you spy on people?! Lol :P
Changing careers after 15 years and we are 20 weeks away from welcoming a new member to the family. What a difference a few 100 days make.
Oh and <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>happy birthday<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> I realized I was also counting down to your birthday not just my book<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
no fuck you!!!!
The last time I looked at Linux was in high school when the GUI was still just an options. I'm going for a RHCT through work.
"WHO WANT THIS DOG?"
Good morning tweeps! Things feel like their back on track! The universe is revealing itself again:)
GM! Failure is the tuition you pay for success...
Sounds like a plan. My phone died shortly after that last msg, so I waited for a bit then wandered back to the party.
things been CRAZY!!!
Finally the big timers playing like they should
Having great time at central catholic auction. Choir killed it !
Came home early. I don't feel good at all.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
fine I will gosh -_-
Hey I hope you enjoyed your Father's Day weekend! When would you like me to come into to talk?
My story today after christmas shopping...and now I know what I'm doing after work too many good deals to resist
a jersey & a hat ?
Homeland finale/season was so awesome! I can't wait for more. #HappyHolidays from me and Cheers!
Excited to ride the tram to #snowboard today
will the weather please just decide if it wants to be sunny or rainy? mmk, thanks.
If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self. -Napoleon Hill
That's a great service & idea! Congrats!
Twiggs also has a good breakfast
Keep it up Clippers 9mins
Thunder (: Indiana side woo !
Should I just take my iPad on my next trip or lug along my MacBook Pro too? Thinking.....
Awesome view!
How long have you been in business? Who's the founder?
Just got home tired af
Nothing hits one quite as hard as the muffled blow of Monday morning.
Don't define yourself on what people think. Define yourself by how your present yourself to others.
very unprofessional
I followed now follow back, please ?=]
When a girl says "whatever", she really means; I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, get raped by a shark, and then eaten by it.
no need to explain the photo turned a quarter
aww thanks Zach!!
I've never colored my hair either, but I've been wanting to try it. I think color would look great on "The Rachel."
#fridayreads finished How the Garcia Girls lost their accents by Alvarez for book club & started Still Missing by Stevens
Philip Glass and Tim Fain amazing performance---Fain playing Glass' works on violin spectacular
why am i soo jealous when it come ti the boys ?
Dogs love me cause i'm crazy sniffable. #beastie boys
No problem!
Is coming out with a new album soon? I don't know how much longer I can wait.
Hey! (reading program) 's Bryan Fonseca designed lights (that slash!) for ' "Rebecca."
I woke up today and said fuck first period.
No matter what season of the year, you're always on my mind at one point or another.
thanks! and n'aaw why am I cute luv? xx
and she would belive it
I watched it. Newcastle competitive but big gap in QUALITY. Thus result. RT : This tweet implies you did not watch the game.
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that's all."
So I had this girl neck deep in some mild sauce from Harold's ...
Did you find your cot?
Performing my new single "Don't Fuck With My Makeup" at SFSU's open mic night tonight with and
we would definitely need a photo of that : )
We have gone thru 7 lbs of bacon at Red Kettle Cookout.
did u know:NEVER refuse medical care after accident.u may be hurt & not know.if u don't get treated u can't get reimbursed
and every goal I score
yay! Ill be in roc for brick city. My mom will be there too. Maybe we can fit something in!
Quantum Leap is now steaming on Netflix... Ha Ya!!! \m/
wow you and 4 other people looks like rager
Where'd you get the idea that I rap? What the heck, must have me confused.
Hurry up telephone!
I know hard to do but had to sit Blake. K Martin playing so good. Reggie Evans is a beast.
Funny thing, I have eaten at White Marsh, and the food sucked. Canton had way better food and service.
Is it sad that I've taken religion classes yet I don't remember shit?
haha yeah i heard.. hell no. lmao
RT : Im from Cleveland!
you will smile now, ill make you cry later ;)
It's a booming business--home healthcare. The folks at explain next on time warner ch 362
what is subtweeted?
Performance is one thing, her voice was amazing!
are the fans annoying?!
Truly enjoyed the new Hardywood Singel! #hardywood Glad to see a new brewery in Richmond.
he said tht hurt mi feelings i say #FuckYoFeelings das life
Showing some Chardonnay love and support to your feed!
is it possible to upgrade my husband (diamond) since you upgraded me (gold)
Fun fact: babies don't produce tears until they are at least six to eight weeks old!
jumpin' on the Prince Royce bandwagon. Yep he's my bro!
Had a great time @ The & Zo Show. I still feel the Novation.. Dope.
You will not want to miss the beginning of worship today at !!
totally thought was proposing :)
giant foam ipod!
One of these days in taking to Zumba!!! So fun. Currently doing Zumba with a margarita for
yikes. Who are you traveling with. Or are you finally taking your solo stuff on the road :-)
Thug life
I feel like watching Just My Luck again
Just ate my lunch chicken and spaghetti...um great
That thing where your recently of-age roommate puts wine in the freezer...
In a very, VERY long line at the Met to see the Alexander McQueen exhibit. This better be good!
In Jamaica, it must be really tough to tell whether they're talking about Gumby's horse buddy, or Pokemon.
RON PAUL (will not be President in) 2012 (in other breaking news; fire hot, water wet)
Oh it printed like that! The whole section is totally messed up...my bf looks like he's wearing lipstick and eyeliner.
Well, our printer's broken.
you can't make the same mistake twice. the second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake. it's a choice.
Ok. Fine. I'm going to watch 's wifey on tomorrow!
how so? All the terminology?
let them hate we just win
Great Deal. The First 25 Long Island Businesses to list or claim their business will receive upgrade to showcase for 1 year! A $99.00 VALUE.
However, now I have two papers and a project to face. Oh yeah finals too -_-
Third time going to a home improvement store today because this damn project is going to kill me...
it's 'a fundamental shift' & 'revolutionary user experience' & 'an evolved set of tools'
winning! seriously i'm winning!
- you were amazing on Glee tonight! Ur a rocker!
good point! i didn't chase folks down & insist they take my advice-- just tried to be visible & available.
no, I agree. More pressure when there's a history of winning vs not. Understandable with those guys.
Happy Friday! Be blessed today! We at CFN Music are so thankful for you!
Great point! Everyone, including me, forgot that #Rory once had a Tiger-like attitude
no? Lol how does that even make sense?
Timeline is a cool concept - but hopefully we see some more innovative ways to use Apps.
Better be careful about calling a "DB". Suh is here. Rick Mahorn makes him look like a DB.
Tulsa has a lot of great things to offer in the way of musicians! Be sure to support your local artists!
your status has been updated
was at Tin Roof Lexington, KY tonight and they played Oklahoma Breakdown.
oh those hipsters... but aren't there enough independent filmmakers to generate more interest?
KC mo in a couple hours ah yea
2 days left
cause its liquid! Haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Switching it up this morning. Listening to SiriusXM Prime Country on DISH Network. All 80s & 90s country, all the time!
any time any place. I love me some Sam Cooke.
LIVE! May 27th @ Queen Bee's in San Diego! 8pm :D
AUDITION: Applegate Farms Commercial
Yeah! Back to writing tomorrow!
lighthouse decorative china?
I can't wait until i'm able to get a car.. even if its a piece of shit, it will be my piece of shit.
JUSTIN TUCK needs to put the #NEWYORKRANGERS on his back and win game 7 #he'salreadydoneitinanothersport
hope it's Michael Jackson!
i signed it :]
No offense, but that that TOTALLY beats the Super Bowl
At least they find new and interesting ways to lose games
LMAO this nigga always has a smile on his face!
wow! Your mean to me ever since you started getting girlfriends!
Got delivery from Papa Johns,Bought a Computer Chair.Wish everyone was cool like Me!
Wow ..nasty block on blake
« I just saw the #satc episode where Anthony says that about stone washed jeans lmao love it!» Classic lol
...And improved that mark a year later when his horses earned $27,116,097. In 2010, the trainer won his first Wood Memorial with Eskendereya
Hmm I really want octopus sushi but im in a car soo I cant order out.
All I want to do is work and write with it would work
Are we really not going to use the account anymore? What are you going to do? Change the passwords?+
U SMILE IS NUMBER 4 ON ITUNES! It needs to be
The secret of contentment is knowing how to enjoy what you have, and to be able to lose all desire for the things beyond your reach.
thanks for the RT!
Thanks for the RT ! RT : Awesome tips! 10 Ways to Turn Your Blog... entrepreneur.com/article/220244 via
looking like a skaterat, why do girls find that attractive?
The 4:40 p.m. Iron Lady is packed. So THIS is how white people celebrate MLK Day.
I could give you money and that will remind you of how your mom made a living before welfare.
Well done!
i hate that I'm not going to watch loiter squad today.
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.
"Institute of Noetic Science brings lens of science to multidisciplinary mysteries of consciousness," Marilyn Schlitz in tv interview today.
Both teams shud have booked one more room. The pitchers room. Wow! A hitters game apparently lol. Fun4the fans!
I feel like right now is a bad time to be the President of France.
or kill whatever is in front of you until you feel better
We can finally see the weather for home opener...scattered showers 82 degrees !! Just 10 days away..
nope lmao.. 13th grade of emsisd here I come
Legacy of deindustrialization?
bmoresdui Im a spin em On my show Sat.
you hate me
and the countdown starts for concert on 4/21 at HOB in orlando. i honestly haven't been this excited in a long time <3
Tweet Tweet Like A Bird Got Me Hangin Out On Every Word Girl Lets Stop This Pretending We Both Know This Love Is Trending<U+2665>
HUNN!!! -Jumps into your arms!-
Hanging in there. How are you?
I'm only doing Blue and Gold day because my 1st period teacher said she would give us EC if we did.
#NewGirl is the best part of every Tuesday!
i had a tweet in a minute
got it!!! and I were gonna have those but I don't like tacos with sauce and she does.....
Wats the plans for tonight ladies?????
Door Hardware, Knobs, Levers, Handlesets, and Locks | Emtek ...
"Gratitude is the best attitude"~Anonymous
Birthday comin up on the 25th...damn ,what to do?
LIVE VIA SKYPE AT THE AIRPORT WITH
SUSHI LUNCH SPECIAL: Executive Chefs choice of 2 tasty maki & 3 oh so screaming fresh pieces of sashimi or nigiri. Miso soup & call it a day
Thx for the heads up. I had not seen that story yet.
haha we do it big in the Von!!
W. Greg Henson Joins NCI as Corporate Senior Vice President of Business Development
Just did a radio show & all callers wanted to know was if I've had an interracial sexual relationship. WTF? Like talking to George Wallace.
i was just asking what artist have you sold your beats too?
i told u its classified meaning u hav to earn the high rank to earn the classified stuff
I really hate the twitter over capacity.
It depends. Some septic systems and pipes will object.
no reason
we've been doing live music for awhile:) every Thursday at 7 and usually Saturday or Sunday!
Yo, mention us to your friends and shit. We would love that.
oh yeah I didn't disagree lol
Budinger #SpriteSlam brings back blindfold dunk to Orlando
What's up with all these people who keep their Twitter accounts private? What have you got to hide?
You don't know me You don't even care She said you don't know me You don't wear my chains
Posted some photos from the screening to twompfilm.tumblr.com finally... Saw lots of cameras though, so if you have some more let me know!
sounds good to me!!
Its raining :c
Yay for today :D
This should only cost 75 to 100 a pair whe created by a DDS that you have good relationship
Thank you for the invite. Of course, winning the case of beer didn't hurt either! ;)
it was great a shoot today! Nice meeting you
you didn't come last night! :-(
Hope is contagious. So is despair...
um idk brb
Family junk.
Me & my longboard are not friends with sticks & pine cones anymore
ah ha! lol Someone is telling me that skype & factime is better for them sinec they dont have an unlimited cell plan
Driving next to a family and all of them are smoking cigarettes...
This special on Magic Johnson is really good. #Magic # ESPN
I'd give my girl the attention she thinks she deserves but I wouldn't lose myself either.
thanks for following :) hope your enjoying this great weather.
We are having an amazing time at #STXFWE We love St. Croix!
Life is such a unknown world.
I could listen to Hugh Jackman all day long . . .
Our PA is about 95% functional...just need to test the Subs...but it's sounding great!
Me too! Been long few weeks, just want a #beer & #caps win. RT : hope u get home. Going to be a great game!
says: Slant of Light is not just superb period fiction; it’s superb fiction, period.
MT : Looking forward to meeting some great students at Boston University's career fair on Monday!
Had the weirdest dream with one direction, enjoyed it though ;)
Try outs for you screamers Thursday! If you are interested, leave a post, or comment and we will provide you with details.! (:
Tomorow is gonna be great, i get to get out of school early, perform a play, then go to formal with my bestfriend. [ ]
#KTSH artist coming up in 30!
it's like a really pretty sunset!
He, and no he visits the school often though. The whole time I was like... MR. I KNOW WHAT A URL IS! I HAVE 4 BLOGS!
Isnt it obvious (;
Gonzalez was totally safe
Are you thinking about running the LFM?
I want a white suit.
“: Warmer in WI today than it is in San Diego! SMH” that just means #Packers home field advantage! Have tundra...will travel
the Facebook IPO is just proof that it takes money to make money. Those without likely will never have it.
You can always split up the WFR by taking a WAFA and then a Bridge within three years. 4 days each, less expensive.
no probs bro they were bomb!!!!! Swear you sprinkled some crazy stuff in there !!!!
High achievement always takes place in a framework of high expectation.
should text me like noww.
thank you you're music helps me when im in a pissy mood
yep & YES! RT : Yey! So many feelings, right? (Probably need a big post-grad pizza oven celebration sometime)
word...?what u think of the ep
oh dear now manchester city has an advantage
Have a magic and unique Thanksgiving day...LOVE
The holidays this year have just been murder on the liver.
#ReconciliationLaw - Incorporates resources necessary to do the work - marriage education + legal consultant.
chipping and half shots. Productive. Thanks. Hope your day was
danced till i dropped last night!
Thanks hon!
might be preseason acc favorite next year if Leslie stays
I'm no doctor, but I think it's chlamydia.
Greatest city on Earth. Sad you have to leave so quickly. Perfect weather today as well.
You guys have been playing great, Seth. Good luck against the tips.
hello neighbor!
“: I love drunk straight Guys!!!!” me too cause we can do whatever we want to them
I cleaned it up a lil for you. :)
Additional big ups to the classy folks at Chicago Deskset for helping to spread the word.
Hilarious! RT : Shoutout to at #webwise for his stellar attendance record BUT HE'S NOT HERE YET
Another day a new swag...sessioncity today..and the excitement of this new record for on a mtv unpugged stye..#damiesnrunnies!
Greetings! We are a beauty-bar boutique that carries BODY BLING #thebest!!! Plz #supportstartups and follow us! THX!
Refuse To Worry. GOD Will Fix It.
my life
It's great with 1/2 frozen banana, a little honey & cinnamon, too.
Swear I'm up here HuRT!
The only reason I didn't do it was because of my ADD. I did a similar marathon w/ friends recently.
A2) I do my best work on the sofa.When decorating my house, I made sure the livingroom was a space I could be creative in.
any questions send em in!!!
But its definately not what I ordered.
The Newark office is open today from 8-5. 110 HIgh St 315.331.5721. No appt for optical. All NEW patients get 30% off glasses
always makes for an awkward situation
Yeah that sounds about right delete some
If love isn't a game, why are there so many players?!?!
No Will, happiness is the ability to release wants. Accept the blessing of the moment. Wanting less makes room for happiness
#ILoveMusic but my #FavoriteSong Is always gonna be #TTYLXOX by
Should be fixed now!
AH MY KNEES FREAKING HURT. Somebody please come kiss them.
ha! I'm a dork. Nice to meet you.
Update: little baby's in the hospital for a second overnight. Meredith is there with him and I'll be caring for the other boys.
I'll pass I've never been a cinnamon roll person aha
up n ready to b the first one at the dmv...
Idiocy and Yay, Verily, Idiocy Perpetual
like on the way....
Wisconsin, we have 27 days. And the whole world is still watching.
Get to the point!
. knows now, after talking w/ SD's port staff, that Dole imports fruit from Mex. Whew-Glad we got that straight!
EveryBody Wants Aye Relation Ship Buhh Dont Want The Problems Thaa Come With It
any interest in carpooling to UCSB from LA? It's good for the environment, and I've been told I'm good company ;)
ok just got home and pretty sure im about to do the sleep thing.
KIRBY DOTS
20 items out the door, on their way to various parts of the world! Can't beat working for yourself!!!
New stuff coming soon. Can't wait to share.
people that your cell phone & want to bang I think it is funny peep game talk shit to people's face not over the phone..stop being fake...
#ARealBoyfriend MARRY YOU.... Instead of JUST keep saying WIFEY and your HAND BARE
My Mom loved the card. Thanks!
SO awesome and exciting! I'm focusing on my last semester of school now and contemplating what to do next.
oh, ok i cnt believe this happened
Make that happen RT God, I'd really like to be making money right now
Bouta make "throw it all away-The kr3w " my ringtone :)
i absolutely love your music. hollywood undead is the best!
Haha yes, yes it is :)
Great meeting, always good to hang out with the creatives!
Just know grandma is looking down on you smiling. I'm sure she is beyond proud of you. <3
The Knicks didn't play today. :) RT : Score in the Knicks game anyone?
great to see you up there in the booth on the YES broadcast just now! Reminds me of Yanks-Royals playoffs when I was a kid :)
San Diego! Crash Thursdays !
Roman Reloaded jus sound demonic af
Defend the Moneymaker xoxo
Need to improve your salary in the IT field? Enroll at KSI and get an IBM Rational Certification. www.ksi.edu
Hm. Dead officer's signature on 2,000 red light citations.
no, not $CLDX, is that supposed to be funny when a company messes up? what was my time frame on that one? not there yet
I believe it's true.We know there were many Chinese in L.A. but I should ask my grandpa. I ordered that book. Thanks
We are open all day so let's get your order in for the Super Bowl party!!
If you throw a cat out a car window does it become kitty liter?
how has your morning been so far? :) <3
wait to u come to Chicago.
What will you do with your gift of today to improve your state of mind, spirit, well-being, relationships, outlook, home & health?
Check it out! Free new album today from via : www.comeandlive.com
overachiever much? ;-)
follow back please? :)
Thx for including the tweet--very cool paper.li!
TOPR - teaching online pedagogical repository. Curation of effective pedagogical practices.
SCOTUS takes on Obama Care next week. What's your opinion? Scott and Cheryl offered theirs. Let's hear from you!
007 Golden Eye Status!
the candy bag you left here is very tempting
big day in baseball i am watching a lot of it
I'm in San Fran. Plz play NCOE by for me. Came all the from MN to hear him play on your radio!
#TwSIG TweetDeck and HootSuite are two ways to manage twitter. Roadfeeder to capture tweets. SocialBro another one
#cwcon If you're going to C&W, and if interested in classtesting a cool peer review tool, please email me @ nick.carbone at gmail.com
I recommend getting out of the French Quarter and going to the Delachaise. Some of the best food in NOLA.
Show time in 5
Thought I missed my train, like a dummy, so I made a creepy pigeon noise. Now i'm late and clearly bat shit crazy.
Thanks for including me in your Daily!
so the afternoon is def not flying by....NUTS
I know they are buddies but they can hang in the offseason
had 2 clean up my mommy house 2day....5 rooms down 4 more 2 go
Back in Chicago it's 49 degrees. Here, it's 83. WINNER
Out to breakfast with my daddy (:
We will definitely put it in rotation!
Are you ready for the HBCU Awards 2012?
Great Open House @ the Reserve of West ridge 10216 Flat Creel Trail. Open until 3pm. www ScottBensonRealty.com
HAPPY CAPS LOCK DAY
Looking for wholesale investment properties to buy in the Ft Lauderdale area. Also looking for hard money/private investors......
I was with Mr 50 packing sweet potatoes into mesh bags for hungry families in NYC yesterday
"This song is about doing mushrooms" -- Chad Kroeger, Huntridge Theater, circa 2002.
mine too! I've been watching fantasy factory for the past hour
Kevin, you're ridiculously cute, but what the fuck are you doing to your head in your noh8 photo?
Hello Jordan!
Umm, yeah, I totally forgot what month this is.. Whups. Thanks!
Good night of music by at the Hilton, Portsmouth, NH.
Any alumni going to #mlanet12 ?
Looking for a job at a camp this summer? Contact me. I can help.
Had a good mini-lunch with my brother & the fam... #excited about 2012
Taxi???Where are we at tonite Raleigh?????(919)633-2606 i will be there in a jiffy!!!!! :-)
For a long time, marriage existed as a way to sell your daughter. #consequenceofheterosexuality?
Don't tell me what to spend my money on. There are times when I am going to buy useless shit.
He'll be back around. They always come back. :) Did you get results to that contest? Been M.I.A. for a while here
Boo, you whore.
Last night in Cortland with my loves.
Your new winter avatar is freaking me out.
awesome! Are you hanging out with ??
I use Chrome and IE, on several different machines, and yep it's updating constantly.
Arie Shoshani talked about applications of FastBit indexing (bit transposed files / indexing) by John Wu at LBNL.
Laughing at people when they fall down the stairs
And we all know bitches love smiley faces!
& Hey you two I hope i get a tweet soon </3 Hope your having a good day Love u too
shoot was pretty amazing! is incredibly talented and got some great shots of myself and (the birthday boy)
RT : This week at Le Chéile: TONIGHT: "Blazing Saddles" at The Big Uptown Monthly Classic Movie Night (8pm)
I hate taylor swift, but her songs are relatable to listen to
Harry Potter looks like it might be good. Lots of good movies this summer Especially Transformers..#squarespace for the iphone!
RT I want to get a locket with a picture of chest hair in it.
haha and those one random idiots that your dad was making fun of
finishing packing then hopping on the train =)
whoops i open my big mouth again :/
some uglyass guy someone said looked like prodigy i was Lol madd hard i almost died LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOO ''^.^"
You know you're having a hard day when you pick up "Intellectuals and Society" and see the title "Intellectuals and Suicide"
It's gold.
I just played Remedy by Black Crowes on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
i like your version, too!
TY for #escaperoutes #FordEscape winners RT. What an amaZing experience for all teams! Keep us posted on your next venture!!
Hey, does Romney's bank accounts in Switzerland make Mrs. Romney a "Swiss Miss"
ok :) i remember those days lol
i wish i went :/
I have no trust in you for all the shit you put me through.
When are the vids from my last show going up?
Still in awe over the lead-poisoned baby bald eagle that rehabber Kathy Woods is saving. Check her out on FB: Phoenix Wildlife Center.
Missing u and that sassy Albanian.
showering, going to my dads to take pictures, then movie night with the jackie (: (: MUCH needed. <3
Hope we're not too late! Booth 425!
Hanging with Keely (: This should be interesting.Dance party (: haha.
Just saw at the milwaukee theater
Looking forward to heading over to #KBIS later this AM. Many thanks again to for the pass!
thanks for the shout out of from Grafton!
then we will snuggle....
I give up on trying to do my homework..
:Without me friend I see how you are....sounds yummy!
eating clean today wow I feel so much better check out Mymaxmuscle on youtube coming soon
Um... What happened to the twitter?? It's all wrong.
Whew! I was about to revoke your gay card!!
house hunters for hoarders....brilliant.
only going to have 2 days of school this week :D
you already have kids?
I should be teaching a Ivy league class/school! Who's signing up!!!
You believe you're imaginary friend loves you unconditionally<U+FFFD> but will damn you to eternal torture if you're 'bad'?
Follow the rain drops to !
Join for free post highlight tapes and photos it is win win for you no cost for anything
We haven't generally planted high-allergen trees. It's an important issue - our org will chat about it internally.
The history of coffee can be traced to at least as early as the 9th century, when it appeared in the highlands of Ethiopia.
At the B&T Vendor Fair at Embassy Suites in Concord,NC! Stop by Booth 71 Wed am, find out why EPP is THE publisher with an Eye on New China!
Just because you say #nohomo does not make it not gay.
the Miller/Jones lob was sick!!!! In the first half!!!!
SURF REPORT: Pacific Beach 2-3 ft + knee to chest high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
well! The jury is still WAY out there about this TWITTY BIRD stuff atleast for me!
Phew. I'm gonna say you're both right and walk away.
heard your segment on Braun. You're part of the defamation team, huh? Ratings whore, facts-oblivious.
2 days of school then off to Chicago for 5 days for BPA Nationals!!!
Tonight's 7-4 Red Sox win might provide the spark Boston needs for a powerful momentum swing. Now let's sweep the O's.
i wasnt impressed by either of your tweets.
some people in my school don't know what a fucking shower is -_-
My prayer this morning is to get the Max out of me
probably all my tweets countering his lies
o thats awesome!! i applied to be in your family.. on twittercullens.com
That amazing feeling when someone tells you they get your tweets sent to their phone
No I'm missing itt :(
Crying. I just listened to the teaser for gmyh. HOW MANY MORE DAYS?!
I seriously would get sick the last full week of school -__-
High-school lacrosse: Bumps, bruises are a way of life for goalies
I've got tickets! Can't wait to see you from the sixth row!!!!
Can I get a happy birthday shoutout? I'm still hyped up from last night's win!
Even though that was the crappiest talk ever. It helped. Thank you. <3
yep. Like a gun in the first act of a play.
will you bring it tomorrow? I'm always braindead and forget to remind you, haha.
Does anyone else think that Justin Bieber looks like Hilary Swank?
is this random enough for you?
Checking in @ Edward Kienholz 5 Car Stub exhibit @ LACMA!
Happy New Year Tweeple! Only 10 minutes to go...!
Last night I dreamt about eating the most delicious crunchy tacos. I hope tonight it's grilled cheese...
My world has been blow apart: could it be true what they're all saying about me?!
I'm sorry, my whiskey highlight word triggered. Name a date and time.
SwapYourFrock - How To Get A Cheap Futon - futons for cheap
At a wedding for the second straight weekend. This one will be a lot different
Sex is irrelevent unless there is good communication there...it will always make the sex better
When it comes to looking the part as producer is probably our best aesthetic fit.
what's wrong wit you?? text me asaperzz
Do we get to eat pie on #PiDay? I wish!
Yo Tweeps! Fri NITE - the ULTIMATE #WigOUT party!! Wear your Fav Wig and get in for #FREE all night! 21+ Doors at 9pm Only
Happy Easter :)
I hear that, but the Seahawks don't have the luxury of using a 3rd rd pick for training camp competition
no school tomorrow yay
you guys post some of the silliest things I swear.
he hates ALL SINS. all sins are equal in God's eyes, am I wrong?
I don't think he was, he never cheated.
Go Spurs Go!!
Oh you're dating my ex? Cool, I'm eating a sandwich, want those leftovers too?!
have any if you had a ghost encounter? :o
NIce to meet you, sir. All well here. and you?
Which 'undiscovered place' could you rediscover over and over again?
Celebrating the right way. Watching Sabrina with
Well 1st.. Y wasn't Evans "catch" not reviewed?? 2nd.. Matt Stover we miss u!! 32yds?? U GOTTA make those Cundiff!
i have like noo money! and no way to get any! im going to cry:((((((
ME TOO he just did!!
A Toshiba Laptop will be auctioned at 10pm! It pays to be in the family :)
Is Roy Truman in this story? haha
Wonders of the World: Why the water level, in the toilet, never changes whenever you urinate.
I bought a new york snapback in boston yea mad dope ik ;)
There is not a better feeling than seeing hard work starting to pay off. C.M.M.G.
Although Howard Carter discovered Tut's tomb in 1923, the clearance of over a 1,000 objects within the tomb continued until 1932.
DopeRT : Signed autographs next to Sublime today, met Amber Rose for the first time, and smoked more spliffs than I can remember.
woman with the tattooed hands <3
well, at least tomorrow is friday :) goin to bed!! goodnight all you beautiful people!! xx
I wish you the same. And you'll get there before me (it's still Fri morn here)
Eat often and well- five or six times a day so that your body is always satisfied.
maybe you can do that later. We're having crappy weather here today so idk what I'm going to do.
In love, as in life, one misheard word can be tremendously important. If you tell someone you love them, for instance,
Riding the packed bus through Chinatown today was more disconcerting after watching Contagion last night.
I'm terribly sorry it seems that I had your Sharona confused with mine
Hopefully you'll be next! I'll keep my fingers crossed for you!
1st Blue Ribbon Friday 2nite Catch a show, a brew & hang w/the cast, all courtesy of
I love it when I get out of the shower & my tits are especially soft.
Women are the reason why, we men, do all that we do. Happy
Another beautiful day to help collect signatures! Someone's looking out for #ward5se candidates! N Brookland. Call 202-800-1232 to help!
exactly ! He didn't ever teach
I done did. No reply.
That raptors decal really messes with your eyes
Mike Brown is coaching the Cavaliers on the screen to my left and the Lakers on the screen to my right. Weird.
#IfOnlyICould go back in time
Overheard at work: "Do it this way, it's a shortcut." "Why?" "Sarah said." "She's an Axys ninja. (louder) And that wasn't racist!"
every time i drive past the exit for Nyack I make that exact sound.
After seeing that movie, everyone came out holding hands....WOW!...
-One day you'll take your eyes off her nd notice me but util then...I'll just have to cope with dying inside EVERYDAY
Angry people give me headaches.
RT TwitterForce: We're starting a Social Media campaign tonight to trend #FindIsabelCelis starting at 9p.
Excited for the VDay soiree at w/, & Nothing says "I love u" like mac 'n cheese
Oh, yes. Them. I thought you were talking about The Band being on a show on Ch 9.
omigod! i am back on twitter! i have been given the over capacity for more than a week! yay! tweeting again...
"We will not cede new energy technology to China or Germany"...Camera zooms in on asian guy for an uncomfortable amount of time haha
"We need to fight it with intelligence" & a great deal of energy. We ALL have to mobilize to combat this worldview.
why must weekends end???
and need to make a video while cody's over there, I'm sure all the fans want it.
Thank! (Due to the economic downturn, thank rationing has been instituted. This measure does not reflect a lessening of gratitude.)
I would have 3 times the followers on twitter if I had a nice rack.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel great to .
Good night Twitter friends
Seeing you every Thursday makes me realize just how lucky I am.
Just made my tattoo appointment for next monday !
idc i just needa get out of KY for a lil bit!
THE sound of STRAWBERRY bread is GOOD/....
ha, nice. Check this out
Chances of being hip deep in cold water teasing trout this afternoon is at about 10%. Not great, but better than 0%.
Anything left in the tank after the big Derby Cinco Saturday? Stop by the Oyster for a Crush!
this makes our day rt “: The crew on 14th made my day significantly better today. Small things really matter.
Being hungry but not knowing what to eat<<<
Sounds good. I am in. Just need to make it to a computer to make my pics. Thanks
“: Very happy for my friend in SD!” me too!
When you can't sense if a person is okay or not over text message<<
I think Cary's a 'lil bit' jealous of the big office.
My pleasure, Enjoy your weekend!
haha thank you for making me aware! :)
School was alright...haha :P
www.seductivedreamwear.com Sexy Lingerie, Sexy Shoes and MORE check us out Ladies you will Love it, Spice up your life.
A++++ to the person who brought a picture of Larry Stylinson to a gay protest! LMFAO-Kelly
sitting atthe the school #Bored as fuck.....
I just might though cuz...what do they say?? Oh yeah,
The ONE time I'm not wearing my badge, LifeWay security gets me.
thanks! I realized it might be hard to run the marathon without some training!
tonight and I also bore sons, 13should you wait for them to grow up?Should you on their account debar yourselves from marriage? #Torah 14/99
THE BEST GIRL IN THE WORLD!!!!!
Had a break from twitter but now I'm back
Politics is futile only if we give up and let others make decisions for us.
Well, damn, that's even better.
SO JEALOUS. Have a blast!!!! LITB
I wonder what Twizzlers fresh off the vine taste like
jenn from new york?! love ya
Thanks girl! Hope to see you out here soon!
aw I miss you too!!! I wish we didn't live far from each other!!! We could smoke now!!!
oh snap! Who you buying bikinis for!? And for what trip??
We think so too ;) : Such a clever idea! #Cheers! RT : Happy #Cubs Opening Day, Stop by for a celebratory #W toast!
Hosting my friend Geoff from Suriname. W/o google anyone know where that is? I didn't. :)
The shortest way to get a goal is a kick:p
Yea, that was awesome.Super Bowl weekend nxt yr a Real theatrical Lombardi movie is coming out? Robert DeNiro playing him.
#Str8LykeDes... Need some medicine...
Nope. It was supposedly CBS/NYT. It has got to be bogus.
#wcphilly Cost Per Click (Google Adsense, etc) or CPM (Cost per 1000 impressions, i.e. tribal fusion)
Bored out of my mind, and watching The client list. Can't wait for tomorrow!
No place like Home Depot
Hey San Diego peeps! The Dinah Leffert is performing at The La Jolla Comedy Store! Tomorrow night 7:30pm. Bring your meat and find a seat!
I want to start going to more church events. you know, more things for young adults. anything coming up?????
I always thought #oomf was handsome in high school, but even after high school....he's still very attractive.
...until the last book, that is. After which will flee the country.
I'd buy that book!
Girl: Hey, do you wanna hangout? Guy: You had me at blow job. Girl: but i didnt say... Guy: Shhh, don't speak.
Come See #AMCEL for free today in Memorial Hall!! #MusicalExtravaganza!!!
you long sausage
Okay love <3
does "that thing" to look at start w/A and end in S
RT : RT : RT : "True Clarity & Purpose Emerge, When We See Ourselves - As We Truly Are." ~ Eleesha <U+2192>
I'm too annoyed. It's crunch time n it's too late for ppl to be clowning.
PickUpLine: I'm invisible. (Really?) Can you see me? (Yes) How about tomorrow night?
Serious reply: My prayers for you. Hang in there. Kidding reply: say hi to the injured Brewers while you're in the hospital.
think we missed out on coffee. When you wanna get together?
Nicely put - thanks!
band of skulls I think
WBGO Interview coming July 8th - July 9th Trumpets in Montclair- RNP Cd release party for New Jersey....Zach Brock featured violinist!
Kelsey, I love you more then Brittany. Brittany, i'm feeling your love for me! D:
": Please please vote east coast <3 Really hoping to make top 5 tomorrow!" We are voting West Cost <3
megamillions is now $140 million. Buy a ticket. We miss you
Finishing "Dmitiry's Symphony" today
I hate fairs those shits are expensive and traffic is not needed.
Ok. It's official. I'm burned from fun day. :/
I love their music! (:
CC licenses apply to users and are non-exclusive to you. Do BY-NC-SA with /Animals/ and sell your music commercially full C.
Gotta believe 's Eric Schaeffer just missed best-director cut, for FOLLIES. Category tends to favor directors of new musicals.
the fairy atelier: new spring fairy shoes
let's make that a trend haha
I'm so sorry, my pal. You're in my thoughts. I know how awful that is.
does it cost me anything? Haha
COME ON DO IT FOR DYLAANNN
777 fans! must be a lucky day today!
Now on tap: Landmark Wit
Loving at the
Prosecutors say Whitey Bulger came back to Boston during his time on the run.Armed, looking to settle unfishished business.
jusz got off work,. cant wait till thisz week end its gonna be down man!!!
we couldn't get tix to show tonight, but we're grilling up tasty kebabs 1/2 block away if you wanna stop by after.
Watching #NSN Justin is so amazing this is a movie that could never get old
matt and I enjoyed seeing you too. Be good.
Great season, Bucky!
RT : Thanks for the follow!
I just followed you exclusively due to your vegetarian white trash nacho-making skills.
Oh... now I get it. "Not Ready To Make Nice" !!! LOL
Pretty sure if Josh Hamilton already had 3 2-run HR against me, that I wouldn't pitch to him a 4th time.
haha yeah well coming back home made me realize I haven't missed out on much. miss youss
Once you stfu I'll happily go back to sleep
I feel you! No one wants to take me. :(
Need an interesting gift #FF our friends they can help you out! cc
Ha! I like their music RT I hate that I now never know whether someone works in management or is a member of the band MGMT.
Oh stop it you dog.
Not a good idea to break ties with a hot person face to face. Thought process goes from I can't see you anymore to nvm lets work it out. lol
Fired up for trivia night! I am confident that we built a well-rounded team! Although, we do need a film buff.
Will have to get to my coffee after my exam...
I get so many followers from topless tuesdays on tumblr.
Please follow me I saw your movie and It was very good i am a boy but that don't mean you can't follow me Please
Have you seen a sunset at the beach while playing Intro by M83 after some margaritas? It's glorious..
My grandpa was a free mason!! Back when it wasn't all about the illumaniti
and Kendall and kylie Jenner from instagram and that's all
nothing just random thoughts
Kind of..
Once again, your parents are not answering. I gave up.
don't even know... I barely be up there
4 years, plus the recession makes it impossible anyways...
yes we do. What iPhone you have ? 3G/S or I4?
Let me make it clear though- I'm not saying I have the same skill just fashion
If you are not living in obedience to God, don't say "I love Jesus" cause your words are empty - Caroline Barnett
You will be lucky to have job by Friday! YOU MAKE ME SICK! Karma?
Building these classic Hear It, Read It books for children w/ Aerbook Maker, from the lovely print originals.
I like beer and alcohol lol!
Enjoy this weekend! We are looking forward to seeing you and your kids.
Fuck . Why do I always to things the last minute ?
#rbbp it would be great to have a Twitter class for those of us Tweet-challenged, like me.
That's right are defense is ducking sick
If we have the right to give life, why shouldn't we have the right to take it?
Good grief.
Oh, so the library makes ME be responsible for the books *I* check out??? What?!? I'm in college and this is *REAL LIFE*?!?!
During the 1960s, people protested police treatment, esp. during their other protests. By the end of the '60s, reform was complete.
Ok I think I like t-will
August 21, Gardena (Los Angeles) Venue Show feat. I, The Skyline, Amity, & more. Only $5! come out, & have fun!
Getting ready for a bridal show tonight.....
I am still very interested in seeing that thesis, if it is available! And I hope to have more Lafferty news very soon.
Thank you for a great session on social media today - oustanding, learned much!!
Initial fitness goal should be to do 30 min of exercise each day.gradually increase this to about 60 min of exercise per day
Today is Caesar Chavez Day I should having a siesta!! Nobody told me!
OHMYGOSH i love you so much<3 you don't even know. You are the best friend a gal could ask for! (:
With Jo and Braxton
I miss going to the kolache factory with my team after morning practice!
reading old messages..
Ask them to re-examine their assumptions about schooling in light of recent changes in learning. They may be surprised...
I don't know about you but Agile development sounds great to me.... :)
Amazing show tonight at ! If you havnt heard Impossible Bird's new CD, do yourself a favor and pick it up! Great guys, great music!!
I mean...he could probably just crash here for a month. And I want a piece of that cake. For reals.
Goodbye, UCHS! Hello, college!
Lil dog big black woman!
where else are you playing after tonight? Would like to check you out later in the week if you'll be performing.
Do you need a logo design? NYC Printing 123 offers Onsite Design Services. Sit down one on one with a graphic Designer and create and...
"Complaining is good for you as long as you're not complaining to the person you're complaining about."
The law of attraction isn't something you can master right away, and does require practice.
Bengals won't be able to take out Baltimore. Ravens still have a division to play for !
Amazing because its FRIDAY! :)
Thank you! You too! :)
let me get this straight. the middle man failed 2 #FedEx #RyanBraun's urine to the lab, but decided to let sit on his home desk for 2 days?
"ew, that's unattractive."
all worth it now that you are UFC champ!
& his cousin conversations lmaoo >
RT Enjoying the the new Directv system.
sounds perfect, I work until boon tomorrow! Talk to you then!
Love your merchandise and shop! =)
I mustache you a question... When did you become such a hottie? Haha love ur profile pic :)
we've got something to say tomorrow @ 12 noon.
im riding in a hot wheel xD
Using Pinterest at my internship convinced me that its a perfect way for museums to engage visitors. Seriously all museums need an account.
i dont even go on my own facebook i only use twitter.
No. It's not normal. You need a formal evaluation of your symptoms.
hey where can I get tickets to your next competition?? two please!
poor t.a.'s apparently never have fun.
Once again, digital production assignment is making students freak out. Many can't deal. Wonder if it's worth the pain.
one night?
3-4 ft + Pacific Beach waist to shoulder high occ. 4 ft. + Farmers Insurance, Round 2 Tiger Woods having struggles on the back nine.
Couldn't stay for too long.
Yes we won! We played at like 12:30 lol, we killed Utah Jazz, Go Spurs!
Heard the wonderful sing songs, tell stories and read segments of Bright's Passage w. - now befriending peeps in line
Thanks for the follow, have a great day!!
Thank you! :)
like the hurricane said to the coconut tree... hold on to your nuts im gonna give you the blow of your life <U+E105>
At the Slim Harpo Awards. The crowd is gathering. Where r you?
Visitng on June 14th at noon to hold an info session for LOC employees! Email for details!
I would suggest a bark collar as a follow up gift. Or maybe just do a tutorial where u animate and off the damn thing too!
Imma changed man, just cuz you mean that much to me
What are his plans for the midfield, now that Davy's back? Who's the odd man out?
Our web guy, will be looking into this... he has opera mini, too!
natty boh y/n?
Wieters baby Orioles are back in it
2 more hours and I don't have to think about work for 4 days.
boat ride! yeah!
Come visit us at the CARE Expo sponsored by ! 12-4, Corwin Pavillion
#shehechat A5: and the real answer is when preso is video recorded and I have to watch and listen to my stupid ass. :)
249 Likes! Who's going to be 250?
I'm here come down
No problem. Go Pack Go! RT From Northern Wisconsin, thanks for the follow :)
It's okay - I'm sure I'll still see them over the summer :)
Lmao you have no idea, I literally want to own like three new albums I don't have but I don't want to get them illegally.
Thanks! I was introducing the museum to - who gives us all a fun return trip to our pop culture past.
I love her too!!!
I voted for you, and I also told my friends to vote for you! Will you please please please please follow me ? <U+E32D><U+E32C><U+E022><U+E32B><U+E328><U+E32A> please..
when is everybody going back home up there?
apparently, spelling "apparently" right isn't Cowherd's approach either.
go to sleep child!!!!
Abuser she sounded like?? She sounded just like a man about to hit his partner. I feel so sad for Tami she truly needs help and jesus
I would like to see him in San Diego or any team that likes to go deep
Oh wow guys did not remove her tattoo probably just covered it up
bringing a bunch of bad bitches to - I wish I was cool like that. cc:
Had a blast on the set of Fat Planet this past week. Wonderful fellow cast members, amazing director. Looking forward to seeing the product!
What the fuck am I suppose to do with so much fucking pain
Did you not see my tweet on Monday about finishing 2 diff btls the same night?? :)
'Where is Kenyon?' Apparently the crazy chick didn't buy a program.
This just in: Purdue still sucks.
Someone teach me how to relax!
Okay first draft of Black Gold sequel is done! Need to do edits on Celibacy NOW due out in June, then back to editing BG!
"A good politician is as unthinkable as an honest burglar." H.L. Menken refuted?
Today didn't end as badly as I thought... :)
Time to study for my geometry test....I can't fail this Mrs.G will go of..She scares me sometimes(;
RT WILL GET ST REGGIE HAVE SOME INFO FOR U. STAY IN TOUCH@ IAMHEALTHYHAIR
Cleaning my car (:
- good blog post......but......how the hell does any warm blooded Anglo saxon human being - into wine- hate cheese? :)
Beautiful, intricate paper is made for artisans to touch, manipulate and create their personal masterpieces. Do not hesitate to use them
“: Rihanna working with Chris Brown is sorta like Jerry Sandusky on Kidz Bop.”. And we have a winner!
everytime i listen to 'ye or jay all i think of is you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
“Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.” <U+2015> Dr. Seuss, Happy Birthday to You!
Have a blessed Holy Week!
My sister buff as fuck
Alvin & the chipmunks, popcorn and pizza in photography. ^^
Cause Ima ride or die, whether you fail or fly.
Thanks, I appreciate the interes,t Dm your email, ill send you some out when I do my next update
Time to study for a little while.
Rise & Grind
lolol, where are you from? (:
she hates you why would I say that to her! Hahahaha
Finally 75 and sunny. Please tell me where it is like this all year. No I don't need winter to "appreciate" it.
I bet- graduation is an awesome accomplishment- and feeling!!
Just got my moo minicards in the mail today and they are so awesome!
as I put it I have a better chance of being abducted by aliens than meeting an attractive educated man.
Tonyc summer jam july 3rd! Biggest event to hit SA! This year. I have free tickets to get in! Hit me up for some.
I wish my stomach would stop growling
#SometimesIJustWant 2 wear super mario gloves like # & slap the shit out of someone 4 talking shit about me
words from nikolai: im fresher than febreze
"I mean look at him, he might not even be Asian."
I hv an iPhone to and that doesn't make it any better. I'm just a Fb junkie. Lol
I just got it too lost as hell lol
I love #bestfriendlove <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
follow back?
NSF mandate has been a good opportunity for libraries/libns to connect up with data creators
Milwaukee Weekend: Family free day Saturday at the Milwaukee County Zoo.
Gym flow after class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Based on my in-class participation, I should be a "writing cursive in the margins of my notes" major.
Headed to c des white folks!
Ever Since I Could Dream, Acting Was My Vision! #2011 Was A Defining Year, But #2012 Seems Like My Time! Lights. Camera. Action. Here We Go!
Thanks for updating your facebook status via mobile, maybe now you can answer my text since you're on your phone. X
All you do is work bro.
finally were something to eat!!!!!!
Agreed. I just did, too. Really solid info...how I stayed on top of the event on the Big O.
#whydoialways get all awkward around cute boys. :l
Im sorry but I gotta move on with my own life.
Men heap together the mistakes of their lives and create a monster they call Destiny. –John Hobbes
jesus christ just drop it you crybaby
your IPA makes me smile!
Thanks for all the re-tweets! We really appreciate it! :)
SXSW in Austin is something everyone should experience once!
I'll let you know when they are up. :-) Have a good night, James!
I hope the fire wasn't too serious & that everyone is ok.
: Please back our right to play licensed and regulated online #poker. Back #HR2366. Thank you.
FYI - Northside Social is hiring full time staff interested in coffee, wine and food.
Free screenings this week: The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, The Pirates! Band of Misfits, and Touchback.
maybe just to see if he cared enough to appeal? if he doesn't, at least you're assured he wont be an opponent in the future...
It was weird. The judges praised her, but didn't seem very excited about her performance. Didn't get a good vibe from there.
E STIR ARRIVE! I'm here.
lmfao RT“: That's your girl? Pffffffffffffffffffffft hahahahahaah. Aight, if you say so my nigga. Yeah! You love her.”
Uggghhhh wish you just lived here still.
Can someone direct msg me details of GODORT happy hour? Thx. :-)
There was a question in all that word salad?
Life changes
RT if you do agree that
My holding the door for you at the coffee shop doesn't mean you can go ahead of me in line, lady.
- Thanks for the #FF. I appreciate the support.
“: The blue whale has a heart the size of a small car & its blood vessel is so broad,that a person could swim through it.” whoa. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B3>
Perfect! For absolutely no discernale reason or rhyme, I've got bloody "Stand By Your Man" lodged in my ear. Wah! Bah! Ech!
So proud of
Although this new boy does have pretty eyes
I'm going to see them in TWO WEEKS!
I am not going any where my leftist little friend. I can do this all day. ,)
#4famouswords I won the lottery
US open: Stocks slide despite solid jobless figures
#OpeningNight baseball season is here
Comic Sans in the Star Wars BlueRay deleted scenes graphic inserts, FTW!
maybe you should change channels <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
There are three types of people in this world: those who make things happen, those who watch things happen and those who wonder what happ...
I wish we still had cable...
Kate Wittenberg describes digital preservation
Try using the menu setting: Shop (Drop down menu of sections) and unchecking our sections and Shop LInk.
Today will be a great day! Enjoy it!
341: I'm thankful to have reached the age where going to bed early feels less like a punishment and more like the Best. Thing. Ever.
RT : It's that time of year! Call us to schedule your bridal facial package today! 773-395-9000 (lincoln park location in...
i feel like ab-soul under the shadow of everybody around him type shit. real talk. not even talkin music wise
Stay classy Cincinnati!! Bunch of thugs!!
that's good to hear (: I wouldn't be annoyed by you either.
NEXT on the Internet?? I think I know. Tweet Message if you want my theory. U Will B surprised. NO SPAM PROMISE
Yay! is playing my fave Wedding Present song right now.
were you #fanboying over the #BOYFRIENDvideo ...? It's okay if you were!
For some reason I thought Monkey Joe's was a good idea on a Saturday night...
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. - Og Mandino
Hi. Mary from Colorado. Hope to follow #sschat while I troubleshoot my new email program. Need some humor.
McVay comes in for Ellis who was injured on the play at the plate.
thats it a nigga needs to catch some sleep
Way to represent #housestaff at Excellence Awards, especially #TMNT 's own and !
cool, webcasting. Love to talk to you about that.
volunteering is a thankless job, you should know that already
Fingers crossed...postulating another national commercial booking for
brought my tweets from 5 to 16!
Id been really frustrated with them because I was told I couldn't have deposit at home b/c not married, but now fixed!
thanks .. fun as H to drive.
The difference between a helping hand and an outstretched palm is a twist of the wrist. ~Laurence Leamer
Evans first soccer game of the season tomorrow followed by dinner with friends and our first #Brewers game of the season Tuesday!
#Hawks take game 1
Being able to touch so many people through my businesses and make money while doing it, is a huge blessing. – Magic Johnson
how are your nosostrils doing?
I'm an old man, I have short term memory loss lol
RT Does any else want Mother Nature to give us another month of Summer? Say I.... (How about 3 more!)
oh, i think i've had that happen, but i'm no more help. her battery is alive tho.
*watching kids play* "pretend I'm dead forever, sister cry" "no, mommy should cry" "mommys don't cry" "yes they do SOMETIMES"
Wend is ending, work is coming up... thats not fine at all :(
the new Google Chrome commercial has a pretty catchy song in it. not really my style, but kinda like it.
Why do people insist on playing their music so lound in apartment complexs. No respect for neighbors.
you're an angel!
looking for the best vegetarian sandwich at mccormick place #ala2009. preparing for disappointment.
#3WordsOfAdvice Do no harm.
It is we who will forever be loyal. Thank you so much for your support!
lmfaao sorriee julie i was doing something
I'm just a typical guy with secrets and the wish. That one day ill find that person I could be me in front of without any judgement.
I wanna meet mama McEvoy
You're gonna love'em!!!!
How do you find out if someone you know is a Brony without sounding rude?
OK, very nice, I followed you there, what is the best time to chat or are you interested.
I need a good back crackin'
Thank you for the RT!
lol. That was just for the time being on call with him!!
Missing already!!! Wa
re: time change from Monday's. Of course it would be your sense too since I mentioned it.. ha.. lol <teasing>
Dirty tricks ALERT: Reyes is saying I did nothing about Asarco when in fact I was fighting against Asarco before I was on city council.
I wasn't at a bar for happy hour today, but I did catch a Caps game earlier this week during HH... don't tell.
McD gets in the game
In the immortal words of Rick James, "Cocaine is a hell of a drug."
Thanks for following me :-) Looking forward to tweeting with you!
Looking for an #international #expatriate #job in
Had to unfollow the Kecks Exclusives guy. His opinions on Glee make him useless.
half of the video links are not mobile friendly I'm finding. Like this Ross one.
C'mon Gary. Let's proof read before we Tweet RT : why isnt doc rivers talk about has one of the elite coaches in the nba?
Thanks to all the fabulous alumnae who attended tonight's #uncommonwomen series.
Thanks so much! Let us know what time and he said he will do it :)
RM12 is hosting a mixtape so any DFW artists and/or producers interested please contact me asap...
+1 RT : Just read that David Cronenberg is being considered to direct Hunger Games sequel. Too good to be true.
I travel to California when needed. Licensed in CA, MA and NY and can appear in any federal ct.
Chrome or Opera may be better when it comes to efficient JS handling. Likely just an old machine being old though :(
asap. but im gonna need you to come here. shoelace express dont travel that far lol
you didn't respond! you know I luh yew baby
Well tommy don't get off work till like 9 930 I'd say..
You can measure opportunity with the same yardstick that measures the risk involved. They go together ~ E. Nightingale”
Goal to finish my papers today. Late trains not helping.
tried to get the hunger games. But everyone was sleeping? Will try again today.
i generally enjoy riding the bus, but every now and then, it feels like i'm in a scene from "contagion."
got any Friday The 13th jokes?
are you serious? The ramp up is too steep. The duke and the duchess can't take it
I know wht my agenda was yesterday & its got accomplished
thank you for the RT :-)
Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of...
I 10 east shut down on Mobile Bay Way bridge. About 5 mile back up. Glad we're going west to the airport.
“: So, I kinda sorta maybe like you a little more than I originally planned.”
Why do I torture myself on petfinder?? So many dogs I want but can't get any of them <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
#swag tweeting in school.:) I love my life.
friend last night: "Just got off the bus home from work and realized... I drove today".
RT - found my cleveland indians bathing suit, looking festive on the 4th!
Hey Twitter! We can't wait to provide Santa Ana with more new and great music! Follow us in our journey to revolutionize music!
Running errands..
still no word! :(
High point: Conducting Durufle Requiem in France with his niece in audience
just walk away with a smile on yo face. IM ABOVE THE INFLUENCE
We can't wait to see you perform !
Big oops!! Shout out to my girls #15 #16 in ChiTown taking on the girls from CYA. Kick some butt this afternoon
I hate last minute gift shopping
where do you get your Js at?
yeah, 3 straight seasons of 1-11. Don't worry, you can still be a Badger fan second (LSU will always be first I'm sure)
yea bro travelin,stayin busy. How u Big Homie
RT : ITS MY BIRTHDAY BITCHES // Happy Birthday, damnit!
#boogie meds are working :) If only my eyes would stop tearing...
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. - Will Rogers via
Ha, well even if I were working for myself I'd still be "business first"!
Went to school/worked a couple shows together. How about you?
apparently I have been everywhere except for where you are! I will catch you!
hahahaha lol I will!! Sorry my mind went blank hahaha
I was stung by a scorpion in 6th grade. Now I have to check sleepingbags and am afraid of anything with a stinger.
took u long enoff. Damn. Lol
just opened on shelbyville rd in the plaza with the old borders books, Nike, world market, etc
S/O to these high rise shorts!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
It would be great if sales staff could use such business soc.media w/new product roll-out to spread lesson's learned faster
Q4. Name one fashion you hope NEVER comes back
Chilled with babe the whole 4th Period <3
Mickey Mouse = Nathan Detroit & Minnie as Miss Adelaide
well I mean its had no problems. Its actually pretty reliable. Idk I've just had for a year and a half.
I trip when people laugh.
Doing nothing on a Friday YOLO
well I would open the window then, we'd do sex
#DontFollowMeOnTwitterIf you DM me on some spam shit. That will not be tolerated >.<
I can hear Don Shelby talking about "ample parking" and "an important neighborhood cornerstone"
Can't forget the day baby that you walked away
trial #2 funny
have a pic of you, Austin, or Alex, and say why you love/support them. <3
Laying down with Icy Hot patch....not the best way to start off the weekend.
And she's wearing a scrunchie.....sucks to suck you whore.
Follow & Support
RT When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life you have a thousand reasons to smile."
HE BEEN LOW KEY FOR A MIN.
Everyone I know is going to the fuse filming tomorrow lol. Damn it! can't you just have another concert soon?!
yea then u told me NOT to do it!!!!!!
RayJ set we niggas back 50 years...and trust me...I know what niggas were like 50 years ago....
No matter how cold it is, I'm still consuming oberweis. :)
up first and talking about Civil War movies and mobilizing minds and bodies.
Hi, ! Paradise is... well, paradise! ;-) cant wait to see the outcome of your rebranding. :-)
please follow me
it was 60 today. When u coming back?
Come out and see us at The Loft tonight! We are playing a compilation CD release show! There will be tons of bands. Set time:7:30
my favorite part of winter is the snow its so pretty <3
Democrats vs Republicans? it's not college sports! Use common sense & truth to find out really what's going on, not rhetoric or intollerance
With my own eyes I cannot see my future but I lean on my faith that has no vision- Jeannette Tyson Gregory
I just clicked the hashtag USMNT and lawled while reading it.
That's a great book.
My connection is bad so I am assuming that some of my messages were not received.
"wanna come over and play" ah the good old times.
At the lab mixing down some bangerz, long night ahead. Thank god for
Last night I had a dream that I hung out with Lady Gaga after each show. Why did I wake up?
I've been to San Diego once and this weekend with be my second visit. Any suggestions on places to check out? It's a bachelor party weekend!
Coffee and Money Goes Well Together! WWW.OGCOFFEEPAYS.COM
Blue Ivy is Swahili for Rich as Fuck.
What were your thoughts on the Grammy's last night?
I'm feeling festive
My cousin & his #dicktowel in Brazil!
Good Morning y'all... happy hUMp day
Congrats on your promotion!!! :)
Food truck season is in full swing!
I must have a sign in my head that says "if you have a mental disability, tell me dumb shit"
#BestDad think again
Time for Thursday Raw Thrusday!
Respect my house fool!!!
Please, someone come to my apt, take my laundry, and bring it back clean and folded. Thanks.
Spring is fantastic.
Wrong turn bby
Herman Cain is very impressive.
GOOD NIGHT C:
It was wierd but nice to go a few days without getn on the internet or talkn to some folks!!
How do I enter?
Dude just dropped the eff bomb #oscars WTF there are kids listing to this bullshit
look man #noonecares about ur day just pass me my dutches so I can go
ima kick back, analyze & read you.
hahaha I was like yeah you're definitely in the oncoming lane lol
I totally understand. Hang in there, put on some loud angry music and scowl a lot...then go home & have a glass of wine!
oh no that is the worst
one of my favs too!
my day just got busy
Break away and fly free
I just watched Knight and Day for the Idontknowhowmanyeth time. I smile every time. 7/9
Point to Ponder: Why do they call it a "building" It looks like they're finished. Why isn't it called a "built'?
try it! I love apples with slices of cheese so this just takes it up a notch.
Happy #Friday which is pronounced #Furiday in #dog speak.
oh... to tell da truth, I've nvr really been friends w/ her. I'll explain @ skool.
What a stand by #Fiji, keeping #Wales out of the end zone and getting the ball back just as time expires and win 12-5.
alright good! :):)
The Indianapolis Motor Speedway lol
#songsthatgivemegoosebumps mad world- gary jules
Alter your attitude and you can alter your life.
pull ova
Will do! We'll be sending everyone a copy of the presentation. Thanks for joining us today!
why i gotta know so many legally insane people ; fuck this.
#GetAustinToTheTop10 im so awesome(: joke. AUSTINS AWESOME(:
Tonight we are young. :3.
Interested in working on next year's #BlackLove Fest? Please email us at blacklovefest[at]gmail.com
I think its 2k time...
want to sleep but no
FUCK DOMINO's
yes...I am driving.
Happy Birthday!!! have a fantastic day love you c: <3
Irrelevant people will never effect my life.
Do you have an IPad?
I'm following. :) Winning will cure all.
Amen! Empowering our youths is essential.
just passed you at stop 11 :)
Oh yea its all about drake
MA Data Privacy Law anniversary today: businesses must comply with data security regulations. Questions? Call our hotline! 888-283-3757
time to upgrade that satellite over Chicago. #runchi until
I hate presentations. I get so nervous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Know of any upcoming local music events? Let us know!
Bummed I missed it: ": Really great turnout for Collecting Chicago Crime session - archivists and users. #2012MAC”
haha. glad you had a great time!
TAL's Apple story contains fabrications--episode this weekend will explain. Huh and wow and arg and what will they be?
thanks for the follow! I bought my wife's ring from u guys and y'all were great so let me know if I can return the favor!
"try 2 get interviewees to speak in present tense cause it's better." - Wheeler
15.I love food Turn On:When boys dont care how much you eat Turn Off:When they look at you like your fat
A truly great man never puts away the simplicity of a child. ~ Chinese Proverb
it's slightly cheaper for students. But it's still disgusting.
We need to get ALL our troops out of Afghanistan ASAP.
I'm exhausted! Talk to you guys tomorrow!
True. But who knows. I guess time will tell.
It's almost lunch time, think Ruth's!
I love the back of the bus. Almost always a seat. awww yeeeee
ITT Tech, Southern New Hampshire University, and University of Maryland University College aren't real colleges right?
Woah, what? Both of you?? Happy Birthday to two awesome people! RT : happy bday and
did you stop eating?
religion (and lack of) and gay rights. ^5!
I think every dude is capable of being faithful in a relationship, just has to find the right girl to make him
thanks for following! :)
Software #l10n tip 4:Getting to know a little about how translation tools work will help you maximize the benefit of this technology.
I saw that this morning, glad to be on the CNN radar. Bring it on! Lets go
im not sure i wanna go to ucla but idk if ill have the money.. idk yet its hard i need to find a good engineer program
ALCL ON A MAJOR RUN!!! SLAP THAT ASK BABY... THERE'S PLENTY MORE IN STORE!!!
Thanks for the rec! Will definitely check out Dr. Wagers.
Bring the whole family to an evening of holiday cheer & enchantment of Fremont for the Festival of Lights, Dec. 9th
hahaha what the hell is a hate crush and you better love me i'll cut you ;D<U+2665>
Checking out the Walters Art Museum. Of course, I never went when I lived A BLOCK AWAY. I'm so cultured.
Hubby had the most sales@ work #AutowayToyota Sat& won me a #KindleFire. <U+2665>it! Thanks &
also amused by how the only thing they have to show for themselves is an "underwear" bomber who turns out to be one of ours.
It's here! It's here! Hip hip hooray! Free beer is being giving out 4:20-5:20 @ ESL today!
Our incomes are like our shoes; if too small, they gall and pinch us; but if too large, they cause us to stumble and to trip.
#GoodThingsInTheWorld Guys that can dance, NOT GRIND, But Dance <3
You're going to have to think of something more creative to say! Hint Hint: I love compliments :)
Do you still RT and tweet you fans??? :)
Keep your life in perspective. Seriously.
hey bitch, go look at my new theme? is it okay?:p
Thank you kindly!
Real love is....sharing the same piece of chicken
Wanna get my mama an Edible Arrangement , but a real nigga like myself broke af .
P.S. Your logo looks so FAB on here! ;)
i know! ): he never touched my hand he just looked and pointed to me!
Me and my mom always talk about drugs elohel
Do you offer classes?
#Backinelementaryschool siting boy, girl, boy, girl was punishment
Exactly 1hour and 3 minutes until the Big News!!(: Ah, I can't freaking wait!!(: <3
True community is measured by the presence, or lack there of, of the Gospel. Make a big deal about Jesus today!
Never eat barz if your aleady not in a good mood! Even lost my appetite for my Kush Dutch!! Thats when you know im pissed!
only ones who can hang on my belated bday.
San Diego Pride rocked. I am still recovering... now I have to wait until September for Vegas Pride...
Ike Evans on #MagicCity > Don Draper on #MadMen, where ">" = hella more interesting than, and "more interesting" = sexier
nope, Im gonna sit at home and chill. you babe?
#aboutme im 21 and i still watch cartoons
My heart goes out to all those that have lost their homes from the fires. Just heard Leander is now having fires too.
amen to that
Thanks Kevin!
What's my mom say right before she hangs up? "Have a shot of tequila, and say hi to the dog for me."
Hi Emily! I'm Grinnell alum ('91) & wife went to Glenbrook with you. Our marriage is a game of #6degreesofemilybergl ;-)
i want sleep
O.o i had dinner xD lol
New favorite soda: Dr. Pepper 10
count me in
Hater's Motivation still coming motherfucka ;)
I have lots left to read, but it feels v retro; maybe I just hoped too hard for anarchistic maroons flying under the radar :)
still alive guys when do babies do anything not related to sleeping or pooing
Good to see following me now!!! Papp how is classes going?
Kill me now !!! Can't believe she actually did that !!!! "/
are you gonna have an ass off with him?
Watching Mark Neumann on the news and my son thinks his mole on his nose was a nose-ring
You're local! We're going to have to check you out.
Congrats to on his successful ! I'm eager to read the book. If it's anything like his blog it will be great!
Why aren't there more female tattoo artists? Maybe I need to step up! lol
You can watch Gary Mayor-Elect Karen Freeman Wilson on Perspective at Noon on 12/18/11.
That's right! Get ready the new CD is coming! RT : Enjoying a leisurely cup of coffee while working CD launch plan!
lols - that's been our joke. every time i'm introduced as new to Indy, people always say "it's gotten a lot better"
At the magic game against the lakers !!lets go magic!!!!
Yu got the right stuff babbyyyy! Well, we are about to find out. Yu better! :)
Nevine Tewfik - Egyptian revolution has left huge challenges for education and broadband adoption
FOLLOW ME
I didnt mean to retweet. Just come hangout with me. We can be friends
Got really nap time-y after dinner and lost all motivation to move. Maybe the thorned flower that is the opposite color to Violet?
Enjoying an Dragonfly while recording. This is nice and relaxed and very much needed!
Tip to reduce weight: Turn your head to the left and then turn it to the right. Repeat exercise when offered something to eat.
I tried to come see you today but you're so freakin popular you were all booked up. Imma try again tomorrow or Friday.
Garden show returns downtown Saturday
-___- they been giving Dirk weak ass everything like he in Dallas
RT : We should stop calling it marriage. "Marriage" is a religious institution, we want a contract, lets cal ...
#GaryOldman "my advice to young actors...be on time. Time mgt is more important than talent."
Yikes, I'm so glad you're okay. That stuff is so scary.
Kazakhstan Thanks 'Borat' For Attracting Tourists - Business Insider
Will be filming "crosses" next month
Supreme Court Certified Servers, Court Filings, Subpoena Prep., & Intern'l Process Serv's are a few things our LEGAL COURIER SERVICES offer!
Hey, leave the slow people alone -_____- hahaha
"I got soul, but I'm not a soldier."
External Resources would like to thank everyone for participating in the Focus Group Central Valley Recovery Group Luncheons!
Saddened by long time friend Davy Jones passing away today,Prayers go out to Jessica, and Davy's daughters, RIP Davy! you made a difference!
A reminder that Wikipedia may be dark today, but your friendly neighbourly librarian has access to more, & better, resources & is available!
Hey Guys thanks for Following us, I also got some great t shirts suggestions. Be sure to check out our site insanityshirts.com often.
OLLU Softball - Lost 10-2 vs. University of Houston -- Victoria
Wish there was a school for just Mahomies and we just talked about Austin all day(:
Lemonade stand in their backyard, hollaaaaaaa
if bynum wants to write us off, we will write him off tonight
thanks for following me:)
Thanks for following me :)
Don't forget to sign up for free computer classes at the Main Library. Pre register online or call 282-4630.
What are my multiple choice options? I'm drawing a blank.
Sorry listeners I stuck in airports all day. Tonight is a best of replay. I will respond to all your emails & tweets instead. Thanks
...and yes, it was freezing.
Happy 5/6 Day! Currently my favorite song on the new album!
I was so busy so I couldn't go on but I'm back!
can. not. wait.
How was the weather? We're going on Friday. Lots of sweatshirts for the kids but no hats, right??
he never fails to make me smile :)
you wearing your Ellen hoodie :)?
“ yes it does sis. You are loved, appreciated and a beautiful woman of God!!!!!” Aw thx sis
Would love to have some reviews for my first novel. If anyone wants a free read check out my blog or tweet me. It doesn't suck!
Stop worrying about people who aren't in your life anymore. There's a reason they didnt make it to your future.
Who tryna fall in this Project X party we throgh'n this friday...
Haha. I feel for your my dear! Hey, why were all my UK friends mad at Jamie Carragher for being on American Idol? Any ideas?
Hey, are you guys currently searching for a league of legends team?
You know, he's not bad. We'll keep him around.
so did u vote tonight?
If money doesn't grow on trees, Then why do banks have branches?
Much better! Still trying to get everyone well over here! Woke hubby with my coughing last night, but I went right back to sleep.
Theres A Difference Between Giving Up And Knowing You've Had Enough..
RT Too funny! : Don't do something permanently stupid because you're temporarily upset!
Didn't take you for an 8Mile fan.
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? He is the best!
A former student runs my blog.
- thanks for the follow. Ask Eli to contact me. Want to discuss an oppty w/ him.
Amanda Knox heads straight to Olive Garden from airport. "Gosh, I miss Italy," she says over plate of Pasta Bolognese.
Love the Karen O /Trent Reznor version of immigrant song
Skrrt. RT : you pussys better come to my party Saturday!!!
#alamya is making me feel so uninformed. So many books I've never heard of.
are we still on for tomorrow?
i live on west end lol
YES!!!!!!!! Your parents know what's up. When are you watching Xmas special?! I'll be sure to look for your tweets!
Happy Saturday... what's everyone up to this rainy day? www.worldchampionfans.com Banner Day is soon approaching
because I said so :) you know I know everything!!
It's never the wrong time for a Portlandia reference.
Did everyone have a #GRAND haloween?? =)
deviant dale's ipa growler for just 22.50 all day or till the keg kicks.
DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO YOU FUCKKKKER.
DeRozan is what we thought Nick Young was going to be when we drafted him. Same school, same size, same hops.
You will definitely want to watch the episode co-starring...um...a person I might be married to.
thank you and I already played it!
Yup. Even tho I delete a single entry it is raised from the dead each night. Email on it's way.
Early Bird registration deadline for the 2011 Conference around the corner 8/15. Register today.
that was nice! What you said about
Figures the next time / and will be in Boston-land for concerts will be nights I likely can't go. :(
Are you a Badgers fan? #OnWisconsin Go Bucky!
finally we managed to upload last day photos, check them out. We did Route 66 in five days :D
don't mention me anymore
FYI: Tune-in to The TODAY at 9:45am to see Future Food chefs Homaro Cantu and Ben Roche!
Who really watches for Adobe Updates? Do you? Did you know a hacker will expolit those types of vulnerabilities? We can help. 512 873-0447
Wrote my last rhyme for the night.... Inspired by That is all.
thanks for the follow!
Nicknamed “Super Mario” by teammates and commentators, Mario Lemieux has proven himself to be just that.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever. -Hebrews 13:8-
San Diego, California Weather :: 61F MOSTLY CLOUDY: 61F MOSTLY CLOUDY
The what?!?
Woohoo! Another funny cat pic makes it into #w2e! How users adore cat pics!
Happy Friday! Do you have any exciting travel plans this weekend?!
awesome news!!
DO YOU KNOW... What the world's best selling musical instrument is? (HINT: it's not a guitar...the answer may surprise you!)
should a man protect his tweets? wouldnt life be easier to live in your own bubble? haha, btw kids dont do pcp, they do adderol.
Wait so Papa Original's name was Mikeal Mikealson?!
Wouldn't call it an accomplishment, blasted through 2 seasons of breaking bad in 2 days. Emotionally wrenching season 3 finale
Hahaha yes. It will be majestic.
Does like the hats tht look like animals??? and whts hi fav candy
I fear it's just going to get worse as other apps update to support ICS.
miss you so much!
Picking up a birthday party at Red Star! Going to be a great second tour tonight!
ya buddy! You have great things to look forward to.. congrats on your billboard breakthrough award!
In every vital activity it is the path that matters.
My Hölderlin paper, which I just finished drafting, ends with the moon. Still want to insert great quotes from "Hesperiden" art. in Hederich
I'm writing a post-apocalyptic thriller set to the music of wham! It'll be like Mama Mia meets The Road.
JS people of the world. Please make the version of your scripts easily accessible at execution! eg: jQuery.fn.jquery or NameSpace.version
NHL Playoffs have been GREAT this year.
Disney Fight Caught on Cam | NBC San Diego via San Diego
Cool beans! Look forward to the feedback
bring it
that sounds like a good idea
Just found out one of my fav uncles from my step moms side passed away today and that my gpal has cancer again :/
Never trust someone who lies to you and never lie to someone who trusts you
Not looking forward to dealing with the sludgy aftermath of this thunderstorm tomorrow.
Its easier to accept when you see it coming.
Room is 3/4 empty now...
Luv it! :-) RT : The required length of this chat is 90 minutes. You must stay for the whole thing to get credit.
Come say hi today! So much cool stuff here.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. "Elbert Hubbard"
Preservation film festival is about to start and maybe pop in to hear a panel on open access. #ala11 is fun!
So excited about the Pay It Forward panel discussion with Soledad O'Brien tomorrow!
I'm expecting an "after" shot as well, preferably from a public toilet
You have to be prepared... What it's the show, who is casting, who are the creatives... Am I even right for anything in it...?
Oh ya know... Just getting ready for my last day of high school ever. I still cant believe this is happening...
Induced Nonblocking Favorite Oscillation for Unwanted Reflective Subtweetification (at a Distance)
Finalizing all the deals with sponsors, what a great turnout, our first preshow vid should be out soon.
haha wow your cool do I know you?
what do you like to do when you come to NYC :)
it's the tax man. Hey hey it's the tax man. Shout out for the nice work on the taxes.
HM. I'm not sure, I'll let you know soon
- a handy little robot that it is!
I agree with you. It's not the unions(entirely), it's is inflation and low property values that cause things like this.
They should make a music video for torn! And, you know, to live up to the song, they should have harry lying naked on the floor!
Ashley just made me a Bitterness Comes in Waves #cocktail for her last night
I've been a Bills fan for over 25+ years ... He wasn't that great. He was an avg player on terrible teams
hi all foothillsrehab is a new on twitter'
Wearing the same clothes as yesterdaay
no I look weird x)
what would I like?
Stallings called Green a MF tv showed close up
Pretty psyched on being able to wear beanies and sweatshirts again.
.... you welcome .... looking forward to your tweets
I'd skip a meal to sit through WONDER MAN. I find him hilarious too. Then he moved me in SKOKIE on TV.
Dear AT&T I have an iPhone. Why would I want something different. I don't need weekly emails telling me you sell phones.
#parksandrec has officially been renewed for a 5th season! Huzzah!
thanks for the Dobra recommendation! We went and loved it.
agreed, will send you a note. Thanks, Paul.
just got it about an hr ago. Everything went well today in Vail. Expected to make full recovery.
Met some cool people at the airpor.. Going north
I ain't petty, I just don't like giving away or lending out my shit, I work too hard for it
great photos!
she's picking me up at the airport. We're in cahoots.
They must be Rap artists...
just to say you've been but The other joints we went to had some bad ones lol. One got me for at least $175 lol YOLO
Sounds great! Here's my new salon # 262.7904. Looking forward to meeting you.
Don't forget 2 drop off ur biz card at 's table 4 chance to win personalized notepads.
I appreciate anyone who is interested in me. Its all good. Back to class. Have a good one
I don't think nachos exist in Europe or even chips and salsa. I miss #mightytaco and
i would love u 2 tweet me <3
GO #BADGERS! RT : #Sweet16 is here! Show love with a ReTweet if there’s still a team in the running you like.
i miss july 2nd! the day i woke up at 9 waiting outside Y100 for 5 hours just to see ... <U+2665>
Just got The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making. Hope it lives up to its awesome title!
The film "We Bought A Zoo" was based on a novel entitled, "We're Leasing A Gas Station Kiosk That Used To Be Piccadilly Circus Pizza."
"Do not throw away your confidence, which has a great reward" (Hebrews 10:35, NASB)
Well, we got one, but it wasn't pretty.
Girls: don't get close to the front of the stage when I perform.
Thanks for following me! I am excited to share more of my art with you.
i ve read youre book 2 times and i cant stop find something new about u from youre inspirational story
Diggin on Paul Van Dyk's music right now...electronica done right. It's exactly the kind of music I wanna make. Check out
He's not in the NBA yet, LOL. As I said, we'd be lucky to cover kids who get there. Not many do
Is Mrs. Barrett going to go to jail? This happens today after nearly 2 years of red faced blustering about a secret John Doe investigation?
RT The Heat were going to Kneel to run the clock out, but there back hurts too much from bending over and taking it all night
that works for me, John!
Brandon Bleckley Stewart
yeah, worth remembering. I was telling a friend about Ringo's last interview in the film.
well mine wasn't exactly professional either lol. A girl that's done many piercings before did it on my living room couch.
Facebook thinks I'm Jewish.
The #Party continues this weekend , "Top Shelf #Bottomlesscup on Saturday, New Format, New #DJ's, the newest #music,
"I'm an excellent loony-bin crazy-ass sifter" -Dr. Lance Sweets, Bones Season 5 Ep 14
I can't believe you're not following me... RUDE
"Imagine where you will be, and it will be so..." Now that #inspires!
Apologies, world, but it appears there is a new Lady Gaga video that I'm obsessed with. I know.
Dealing cards for poker for guys with 41 dollars in my shirt.. going well!
working hard w/
What's up guys?! We don't know about you, but we are getting some amazing weather here in Chitown. Perfect writing weather ;)
Seeing "Fela". It's intermission. Y'all. This is the best dance experience I've had in a long time and I'm not even onstage.
that was hilarious. Oh the names that must be swirling the studio now!
cool story! say that again?
It's always a great feeling leaving the middle for the edge.
going to the airport
Hello and, GOOD MORNIN' everyone!! It's TGIF!! Weekends almost out of the blocks and then it's time to rock. Best wishes for a great weekend
man I'm tryna get to the lake :) #volunteers !?
What is the next music revolution in USA?
heart goes out to #DRose...hate to see something like this happen to him, humble and talented guy...Praying for a quick and strong recovery
What's good sir?
Maxi pad for short. Haha!
Khloe Kardashian Slams Her Late Father’s Ex Wife and Widow for Claiming She’s Not Really a Kardashian -
Ha! RT : Breaking News ! USA Pro Cycling Challenge will be renamed in 2012 to: Ben and Jerry's Tour of the Rockies Roads.
I love u to death!! Plz rt
TY All I can say is wow and live long and prosper.
The GOP invented the Individual Mandate in their 1993 healthcare bill and now they violently oppose it because THIS POTUS got it done.
When the movie the end..........he found me
Arrowhead Stadium! Football!
I love you crossword scratch offs, you're always so good to me.
I love the Lakers but am totally ashamed of the BS WWE antics of Artest & Bynum vs Barea & Lamar vs Dirk! Dallas deserves to win!
Damn my block is having a reunion.
Not much time for Twitter lately. Too busy digitizing community television programs and working on the Anne Whitney papers at Wellesley.
If i aint rich by 26 ill be dead or in jail
Off to get my life in order, which means going to the gym for a two-hour workout. It all gets sorted at the gym.
I'd love to play another horn line for you. When?
Just 3 days away from and & in the mix let us know your track of the week to be played!
Your boy, Steve Blake (via ) $16M over 4yrs from the Lakers?!?!?!?! Defend that.
It's feasible for there to be a dance with life, a artsy reply to its innate restrictions and conflicts.
You can only guess once, no matter how hungry you are for #cheesecake :)
“: RT : and made a classic!!!! Shhhhhh ;) they're not ready yet..” haha
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Evil has a Face
Now Following Baby
we're staying awake by reading each other TMZ stories.
I ate way too much food today and I should be ashamed, but no I am not.
i didnt gey pay today but it will be on before i cum home tomorrow
The way things work out is funny sometimes.
Journalist are not qualatative researchers
RT I will not and can not fake the funk in my voice!!!!
Thanks for the #FF, !
: lmao o yeah kiki, put me out there like that
I trusted you so much.... :/
IM HAVING A BRAIN FART dont know what to tweet...!! #straightUP...!!!
#askjennette what was the most creative coustume you saw this halloween? (:
Tina Fey <3
im boredd going to take a shower nd study -_-
I love to feed the hungry. So cum here and eat my juicy pussy! Then u can feed me too
No doubt! Frank needs to open up the next big club. RT : and cups in everyone's hands!!
agrees. Wish you could have joined #dwts14. One season was not enough!
I still want to know who the hell pays $25,000 for a pair of sunglasses. That's INSANE !
RT :How can Google know evrythng about my browsing history but not be aware I've accepted their new privacy policy 20x already?
A-G Requirements: We need to raise our voice to stop the ongoing threat of the elimination of the “arts” as part of the curriculum.
#Madmen Season 3 disc 1 is coming in the mail from Netflix on Friday and it is what I'm looking forward to most in my life right now
GAHH! Austin's gonna be awake soon! Get #AustinTo700K TRENDING NOW! :D
finally someone said it!
Corvettes are so sexy! I'm looking for a new one now and I love your blogs!
Research Research Research..I think that is enough for today. Got some editing to do.. a lot of clips
Wow I haven't tweeted since 3 days! I'm so busy and lazy! Have a nice day everyone! :)
don't tell her
* bacon , egg & cheese biscuit from the gas station in I.C is what i want right now ! . lol
Thanks for following me back!
Sweet. Thanks! A browser without a 1Password extension isn't useful. Even when the bug is with 1Password. :)
Huge headache, bad stomach ache and I feel like im about to throw up, I feel like I broke into a million pieces
I just bought 4,000 king size packs of condoms... Jamaica here we come!
Awesome sauce! :)
Damn it! Now I am hungry again.
I hope everyone's halloween was great! xx
Apartment hunting, MA-prepping, WORK, and archive building is making this the busiest summer I've ever had.
Follow me
Real Love ain't suppose to hurt.
I'd love to see Couples do it. But I'm beginning to like Dufner too. But Phil played insane on back 9..he's prob frontrunner
Despite the 60 degree weather the wind should have deterred me from biking to work. Took an extra 20 min.
Top 6 Tips from our LegalShield lawyers: 4. If arrested/detained, tell the officer that you won't answer any questions until u talk 2 lawyer
How will you be getting outside this weekend? Let us know if you need a place to #volunteer!
You might be looking for for Bob of The Bob Pike Group and Natl Speakers Assoc.
RT : Free chicken wings today at Babes American Grill on Schroeder Rd. when you say the code word found at www.phreeps.com
Below saves the day.....again...only solid middle reliever.....
Just saying, I don't like it. He should be on the ice as much as possible.
What is hail ? Hard boiled rain !
Seems the less fucks I give , more fun life turns out to be
Probablyas an extra but Gomez has a waysRT : if that does happen, how do you see Nyjer fitting in with the team?
Lab tests prove that Garlic's allicin destroys MRSA the hospital superbug.
See, one gets #NOLA on the mind and #NY starts acting right.
panda bears!
Let me see how the EDUCAUISE presentation goes over, and then I'll be in touch. I like the idea of international collaboration
I am so feeling your pain right now. Rainy days = a very serious desire for a midday nap
all of your goodbyes on FB/Twitter/Instagram are making me sad. You okay over there?
Say something cuz your all in my head<3
yay! Thx! More details soon. And it's actually already written! Have to allow time for it to be printed & such. Working on sequel.
I miss her so much
girl with dragon tattoo if you like deep dark messed up movies
you did today!
wowww well txt me after if you want. I can show you my room or anything. If you're not in a rush to go back home.
I know i need to give up on you, but for some reason i cant <\3
not all the time you could have luck on taking a picture with someone you like . you know you dont always have luck ! j
#Can'tWait! RT : Great to have full support from the Santa Clara City Council. 7-0!
Cant decide btw listening to or at 11am today. Pretty sure I already know Jim's angle on the OKC gm tho..
RT : "Be patient and you will finally win, for a soft tongue can break hard bones." (Proverbs 28:13) << I shld read the bible!!
People kill people who kill people to show people that killing people is wrong.
I hope it rains I really need to cake<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>and I'm not talking about food I mean talk to someone I really care about<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB>
THIS JUST IN: ALL INSTANCES OF THE WORD 'FUCK' ARE BELONG TO ME.
Me to, that is why I made this Twitter!(:
I respectfully disagree
Oh My God Alex.. xDDD
Love that you are involved with us! Thanks for being on our team!
I'll be live tweeting from you know where. Haha.
Ill just move on fast, if people down want to hang out lol.
#Isles #Bruins under way at Coliseum
Can't wait to mix with Mike Watts this weekend.
I hate during like a song it just pauses and you're stuck in the middle of a dance move for like ever and you're about to fall -__-
I'm quite keen on forging a digital commons for academics that protects both abstract inquiry and applied knowledge from ...
What a great show last night at The Blank Club! SUPER packed and great Energy! Thanks Everyone!
Order sent to Elizabeth in GA!
fuck yea when u out?!
RT : My bill 2 repeal #DOMA is supported by the Pres. & has 31 supporters in the Sen. We’re not done fighting 4 equality.
Cute. Reading is good no matter where it happens. I remember hiding a flashlight under my pillow to read late at night as a kid.
hope U are enjoying being home for a few days :)!always wish U the best :) take care :)!
Just participated in #STL #indie reading flash mob at the
RT tay_goth02 Young money, cash money in the building
Stop by our booth today at the for a chance to win a gift basket from our friends at & an overnight stay!
Got home from the airport with all our snow gear quickly and cheaply thanks to !
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once. ~ Calvin Coolidge
purple or black :)
Definitely Speak. I just picked up The Humming Room from
well we'll go from 12 to 2 then! And its not looking like right now now in destin anyway!
Zero emotions muted emotions
Follow me on Instagram...Jleemccray...I would say Ill follow you but I probably already am. Im nosey.
I LOVE SONG SKY SCRAPPER ITS SO INSPIRING
Can't imagine that any #CozyCat #books would ever be #banned! What do you think, #Cozette? Meow!
replied to one of my tweets to her!! I love your music:)
What constitutes a scholarly DH project? Find out tmrw 12:30pm "Criticism in the Digital Humanities"
Haha RT : Bob Costas finally looks TALL while interviewing Derby jockeys.
shamrock shake!!!!
Who has the video of the fight?
I was accepted to ! Super excited! Go Trojans!
team miss u out there & so did the fans
Prob not goin to school tomorrow :p
Found something to help ease the depressive fit: reading a new book on the history of computers. :)
The only thing I use Bb for is sharing grades w/students so they can check my numbers. Problem: Most error is introduced uploading #s to Bb.
“: Poolside. Frozen grapes. Tunes. Beautiful weather. Bliss. ... Enjoy ur day, peeps!” sounds nice, can we join you?
Do whatever you'd like! Feel free to host it elsewhere, too--I threw it together very quickly last year.
On the Penn Avenue strip in Pittsburgh...gorgeous day for a stroll!
Teehee! I'm in better shape! RT : It is embarrassing when a pregnant is kicking my butt on the ski slopes.
La Mesa Mayor Art Madrid challenges El Cajon's Mark Lewis to a race on bike to one another's city halls to see who gets there first!
Thank you new followers,,,,,, !
Next: Donna Frye and Eric Christen debate Prop A and project labor agreements
#DASER Gerald Borgia "There are maypole bowers and avenue bowers"
I walked the dogs and while I was gone Dallas scored TD. Oh man!!
oh no. From a person.
Candid and Prude
I'll look on the computer later instead of phone
I make myself laugh lolz
Game time is 11:30am in San Antonio on Wednesday. Big12Sports.com will webcast the game.
nothing ever happens on here -_-
true that ... much appreciated =)
Exhibit actually at Hall of Finance & Records
I know they are spelled differently. Its still funny…
Just remember my friend Maryum "Raped" me last summer
We are glad your looking forward to it! Can't wait to hear you speak!
oh yea! those are def good ones to get ya motivated!!
we are doing great : ).
is going to be on Fire Tonight! Hit me up if you want to come or pop bottles!
Settling in for #TEDxMid in DC today.
I'm sitting at section 6 and Janie is sitting in 15th row
God Has A Plan For Me! Scholarships Applications Due March 11 for CANADA show and March 29 at Los Angeles City College. All performing art…
“: Words with friends??? Still reigning champ...” you have yet to play me, my friend.
AND Pitt is coming off extra rest ha oh boy that might get ugly
Thanks, Chris Davis! Two free runs!
The Black Widow emerges: a <U+2640> rogue villain, clad in black leather w red gloves, spinning web of deceit & drama as woman scorned!
Can't build a house without a foundation!
ewww that's gross!:/ no affense
Come out to First Friday Food Truck Fest for discounted QUASH registration!
Belated thanks for you Valentine's Day greetings! Have a wonderful week Risa!
that's cool... Staying busy is better than doing nothing all day... You still club often?
[Psa103:5-6]HE satisfies our mouth with good things so that our youth is renewed like the eagle's+HE executes righteousness+judgment for us.
No. Do you? RT : - Do you have a bike trainer?
why cant i have this..
Everyone needs the other half
#onlyskinnyppl cheek bones cut ur face when they hug u bitch eat a sandwich wit the sharp ass cheek bones
People make me wanna rip my hair out!
Have you seen any good plays lately? We hear 'The Toxic Avenger' is a hysterical love story playing now in
Yes, I'm a smartass. :-D
Reviewing Babes at Sea Act I/prepping for Act 2, lunch w/ , some errands, my kids after school & a visit with a great friend 2nite!
Forever alone?
Great post! As someone who just started blogging, I can see the importance of having thick skin. Any tips on how to develop one?
lol don't. we all
Chris webber just said "I could give him a six inch chuck". Wow.
haha okay THAT wasn't me.
Im more than humbled that u asked me to help spread the word about something as important as men's cancer.
oh sorry:P
It crashed.
Doing some sound work for the Chicago
West End! #DodgingBullets RT : Goal next week: Start running again. Anyone know of any good places to run in Louisville?
nice, &mr woods?
Try dropping your jaw a little before and during your swing to release tension. Fun to be back outside coaching.
peace good brothas - we appreciate you coming thru Monday! Staten Island fellowship
And that's a wrap for me on my first day on Saltwater.
You've heard plenty about blogging, Twitter and search engineoptimization
Thanks for spreading the word! I train police officers to survive the stresses of their careers and can always use more help
What does she have on she ratchet
yes i made it back from the kitchen just in time lol!
Really annoyed at my neighbors this weekend.
where's when I need my daily hug ?!
wait are you going to the track meet?
I mean, yeah I know the director was a convicted felon but - it's still a freaky horror film!
Movies tomorrow with ; Nathan :D ; Liam? ; Darious ; Dylan(maybe) ; &Aaron;*
ugh. i hate when that happens.
¤ Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals. Paul J. Meyer
aww, haha. I just saw this. maybe next time! It was a blast. Glad to be home though working on stuff!
well, one is probably predicated on the other
i love how everybody's hatin on Kidz Bop! but really these kids need to stop singin grown up songs and start singin more Nick/Disney stuff
but like how its said in bull durham strickouts are fascist. groundballs are more democratic
The Maker Movement is in the air. And it's refreshing!
"i see your face and I just want to smash it with a sledgehammer. you're beautiful"
life is great!!!! only 13 days till my son is born acording to his due date!!! <3 <3 <3
I realized once I saw the kids jerseys with name on the back. (thats a big Yankee NO-NO) lol
JMac certainly deserves to go through the lineup and square up his foot with a bunch of nut sacs
haha ill let you know when we get the green light
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! your beautiful!
And now in English, please?
Last week was incredible and this week is sure to be too! Make plans to join us tonight at 7! Bring somebody! Only 4 C4's left
:) I spent most of the day in my bed.... SUCCESS
Dancing to reggae <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Forever wishing I had neighbors to play basketball with..
Ah, ok, I remember. I think since it's day 1 everyone's afraid to learn more than one character, we'll see teams later.
Democrats, Liberals, Progressives: A huge #FF going out to , candidate for congress in #VA's 7th District.
he rocks that shirt better than me.
#FF ONLY IF YOU ARE A FUN PERSON! Everyone else can just stay bored :)
2 mores hours of work then I'm free...got the car this week
but my dreams, they aren't as empty as my conscience seems to be. i have hours, only lonely...
Good morning, mi amigeauxs.
anyone have a recommendation on a URL shortener that can be used with your own domain?
All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved. - Sun Tzu
Just started following #vegansforig on Instagram & learned a lot about veganism--great use of apps <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
you my nigga. I gave that cd to the my buddy that knows J Cole. Hopefully that nigga listens to it
Hanging at one of Jack Kerouac's old haunts.
damn well if you wanna chill hmu
If not Phil, then I hope Lee Westwood wins. He's wearing red, go #nffc!
You guys are so lucky! Hope you're having a great time!
PPI to fete outstanding regional newspapers
Road construction! Walk or bike and make it easier on everyone. That Weber grill doesn't fit on your bike? We deliver, just ask!
Is man one of God's blunders? Or is God one of man's blunders?
Nothing I love seeing more then a FB thread on my stations page about a school shooting turn into a "Teachers suck. Go Walker" thread.
Wish u a special n perfect day having lots of fun and being mentioned by billions of little monsters to wish u the same.
another hit created.
We all have our pleasures. My just requires more towels.
Hour outside Vegas.
Jazz at Art Alley tonight!
fact to truth w/o. validation. that's just a pet peeve, not directed at anyone personally. I notice it in twitter.
in school tweeting cause im a thug :)
#20songsilove Any cleverly composed lyrical masterpiece about love lost, and inspiration found.
"rich and micro-data on people and interactions that often fall outside usual data collection systems"
I have been sitting in the mechanic's waiting room way too long.
Can't find any shit on youtube, everything is getting pulled!
wishing the Nuggets would pull of the win to break the franchise record. Not looking good.
I fell like I won't get to see him this weekend :/
Im in a wonderful relationship why would I fuck it up for yo nigga??
Hi Bea - how can we help? You can call the office to speak to our of our techs too 305.669.6049. Ask for
Mark Zuckerberg and his #hoodie are laughing all the way to the Bank.
Strangely not a tough loss to stomach, Richardson reinstated my belief in the hot hand.
Can u please follow me? (: make my day
I seem to have lost some of the paper-writing mojo that I had with the last one . . . .
btw, #ProjectX is definitely a movie I wished I'd watched with you
fucking pissed my wife is having her friends over and i have to leave the apt
I'm not perfect. Never have been. Never will be. If you don't like that, the door is over there.
Beautiful day out, ready to work hard!
Looking forward to the After Hours at on the 17th! Great food, great people! Love #Denver!
Sho haven't heard from u...
ur just ignorant
me too lol they're adorable
Looking forward to FINALLY seeing when it opens in Chicago next weekend.
#rapids thought Zapata ran up the field well last night, but was a defensive nightmare otherwise.
Wow! It was so great seeing you all at #Dscoop7. We never cease to be impressed by the great ideas and the great people out there.
De Graaf: The happiness movement - which seeks a new measure to gauge happiness - started in 1972 in Bhutan.
I seem to like the angry characters on these shows. Drita, Evelyn etc...
I KNOW D;
Haha I only wish. And if so, then he will have friends
Where can I get Midwest tourny info?? Brackets and games??
I can hardy believe it, but I actually have an idea for Ignite Ignite. Just came up with it while talking to
That had to be one of the players side chicks that ran on the court.
menlo park mall :D
Looking towards galleries on the west coast..........Suggestions
We mos def can make an exchange! Whats hot is the soap world right now?
Who Lives In Arizona? Looks Like The Heat Is Officially Here.
#InstantTurnOn nice color eyes
Is Le Bain open tonight?
Pauly D, Karina Smirnoff and Dev Join Star-Studded Fourth Anniversary Celebration of SHRINE Asian Kitchen, Lounge and ...
All prepped and understandably nervous for SECOND midterm today at 1:05... whew, after all this is over I need to sleep for a FULL DAY. lol
Dag nearly 50% of ppl will be obese.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger unless it's like a debilitating immune disease
Drinking anything with a brown paper bag around it.
Red and Black's Blonde Assassin was killed today...
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. Love brings a warmth and a richness to life.
ouch RT “: Don't fear Miami fans. You should be able to draft Matt Barkley next year with the first overall pick”
haha that's what I meant to say and that sounds excellent :)
"you would look good together" "i would look good with any girl"
Hello Twitternation! Shout out to Hip Hop, giving back in so many ways, rarely celebrated! I say kudos!
Like a heart that is oh, so true. Just call on me and I'll send it along With love from me to you.-The Beatles, From Me To You
come out the egg baby girl... Let the world see that smile that I know..
If anybody finds lost money, let me know. It's probably mine.
“: #Random... If you wanna be somebody, If you wanna go somewhere, You better wake up and pay ATTENTION........”>>>YESS<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Noticed that only USA fiction I've read lately is Truman Capote's. Otherwise Japanese, Swedish, British. Recs for USA authors, anyone?
Today was fantastic! Presented my talk on the panel, met some very interesting scholars, and have expanded my academic interests...
has no butt.
thanks for picking up SPL fixtures!
I am a fan or should I say Psycho!! :0)
I'll definitely take it if you can't find anyone!!
What's your number????
of course happy to! Of course when I actually have my own place again for art I will be looking there!
lol how does it look
Good luck coach! Best of luck this season.
awesome!!! Did u just sign up? Yes I have advice. DM me ur email. Look forward to runnin with ya.
A hammerhead shark tattoo
Holder better not be dead!
30 mims untill our music hits FB get ready!!!
yesh but it was much needed
#askselena do you like Greyson Chance?
A little mid day break to watch a little #iubb in the #B1Gtourney and then back to the grind! Go Hoosiers!
The only journey is the journey within. Rainer Maria Rilke
#uppers Yes.
Having fun talking #opendata with Australians via skype. Global interest in #opendata and are growing.
didn't check myself, but I'd be scared to...
is in the house!!!
I hate staying home by myself.
The new HQ rocks! Big, better, bolder.
justin bieber
I'm learning to twat, I don't get it
America, you reelected Bush and he invaded the wrong country. It's hard to believe this thing is even close.
Havin a good day who!!!
RETWEET If you WANT more followers .I'll PROMO YOU ( Must be following ) !!!
thanks for the follow and support Ryan keep rooting for your local favs
Thanks to for consistently RTing our reports!
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
hey, thanks!
Thanks, Jason.
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand.
You are an adult, please don't punctuate your sing song jargon with giggles.
Is back again at WSCC/UWS for the final day of the symposium. Today's topic? #Kinesiotaping and #chiropractic. #Yes!
I'll take it!
Gorgeous day in Santa Monica again. And I saw 2 hummingbirds in the garage. Seems like it'll be a good day!
See you there. RT: “: last time I saw was surreal. Always been a great show. Tonight, HARLEM, USA.”
+ “: Co-sign. RT : The Facebook social reader is the worst thing on the Internet.” <-- agreed!
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Any working out I did during the wk was probably washed out by the 2 caramel frapps I've had at sbux the past 2 days #AtLeastTheyWereLight?
When we walked by the Village Vanguard yesterday, my father decides to suddenly remember that he saw Jimi Hendrix there in the 60s. What
You there?
and then some people are just jerks. xo
Kathleen Rebbert-Franklin, acting Director of ADAA, provides overview of public addiction treatment funding.
Did my 10 year old say "i just wanted to shake him and say YA TRICK"?? #OMG no more plays for you!
I have heard one direction 5 times today:) and loving it
Im so sleepy .
No problem! Do you use iTunes?
is she ur crush austin?<33
I am Legend... Let the beat build bitch!
& Thanks for the support!
had such a blast hanging out last nte, need to do it WAY more. Beer didn't last long E.. So good. Thx.
I'm going to start singing to everyone on this bus with my morning voice. I sound just like Whitney Houston.
loving this breeze
QT: jinxx sounds fanceh ehh? N0? Well his full name might! Bur...what is it?!?!?!?!?! 10 points!!!!! (AA is in the lead with ten And i
Damn Bottle war tonight between DeSean Jackson and some Soccer Players @ Colony tonight....Soccer players won BABY! LOL
My last tweet was 4 months ago. See you guys in another 4 months!
Had a great time tonight helping #chefnellbenton salt crust her sea bass!
i did not grow up in #jcmo either. we should connect to introduce you to lots of people here. #jcmo needs you here!
please dedicate a segment to this.
Ayyyyy i love lavender and purple if u do pllllz follow me ahola
Candlelight Crossing- Dec16 6:30-8:30p $5 - See the train & poinsettia show @ an evening reception w/holiday treats.
i wish hahah:)
Thanks for choosing to serve this summer!
made some tender BBQ chicken over a bed of brown rice with steamed broccoli!
studying for my test tomorrow and its math :o
I dont give a shit. Im just being me, you just have to deal with it.
#ifyoureallylikedme then you would shut the fuck up, go in the kitchen, and make me a sandwich !
Tomorrow evening we are having Family Night. Our deals start , we can't wait see you!
Right?! omg, I wonder what people in another state think of us lol
I think i have the BIGGEST beiber fever EVER
If you haven't already, start following and check them out on facebook. Start selling stuff today!!!
Bored.....with a lot of things and a lot of people
We're rolling down a country road, He's my shotgun rider, I'm the lucky dog beside him, My lips are where his kisses go
Congratulations to Joseph Schirle on booking Private Practice!!! You rock Yosephie!!!
I think you should write another chapter;)
Keep being funny, the world needs you.
Thank you. Looking forward to this enhancing our learning time together.
Can I have it? Please?
I need to stop making excuses for you, come up with your own.
Sometimes our plans have to fail in order for God’s plans to succeed.
Once upon a time, I gave a shit. Now I don't. The end.
Need #Beats #Graphics #FOLLOW the best >>>>
whats up big dog,?
give Pittsburgh ON AIR talent a first class contract for a first class city.
playing Friday & Saturday 6:30 Jazz @ Lincoln Center Frederick P. Rose Hall. Includes New Orleans food, drink and art!
no1 is hating, stating a fact. He's already famous, he doesn't need a label either to live his dream. Wake up to reality.
Thank u 4 sharing cookies, candies, chocolates, popcorn & cupcakes! So delicious & no nuts, no eggs, no dairy!
Hooray! Hooray!
like it. I never started watching it, because I already watched so many other shows.
Goodmorning Austin is trending worldwide AGAIN :D great way to start a boring Monday isn't it ;)
You get the right artists by networking in and out of your record label
The first toilet ever seen on television was on "Leave It to Beaver."
#incollege I consistently underachieve
Office 2011 switches to Outlook on Mac. will keep playing around, let you know if I succeed.
Ah crap.. I have to pay #libraryschool tuition tomorrow.
#2011icf The key to using your intuition is by asking great questions "how can I...?" or "I need more info about.."
Recently watched for "bad movie night" with friends. Classic Joshua Jackson!
God is not soft on sin! That's why He brutally beat His own Son mercilessly. It cost Jesus everything to cost us nothing!
yes! haha and ugh i hate you :( you got/get to go to the ymca :(
Hey we trying to donate our BUS to help the FIRE VICTIMS who do we talk to to help charter them out of danger anyone???? 512 AREA FIRES!
a bit hectic to start, long wait, but mgmt was accommodating & dinner + sunset were excellent. Friends visiting enjoyed it!
i feel like sh1t
Media reports accurate; the State will give proposed consent agreement to City Council tmrw. I'm reserving comment until I review document.
yeah but it was for my last tweet. Lol someone was bound to ask me, "what class?"
woops last update meant to be a reply to you. But it's still plays a major role and people look to radio to be introduced to
it was from Judge Glenda Hatchett have not found her source yet : (
The unique words that love to say "I love you TOO, and I am very proud to be Belieber,Today and Always! Follow me and I Answer
Senior privilege, never getting in trouble for tweeting in class #classof2012 what up ;)
Thank you for RT's and Mentions and listings
And then follows with a slide of straw men...
Thanks for the RT of the #Blog. Much appreciated.
I can't Apperantly I'm not allowed...
a couple days late on this, but I'm inspired by my sister the (now two-time) marathoner and my ironmen friends. well done!
I had fun also :) u better call me again today :) I missed ur voice
I LOVED that show. It's still one of my faves.
now that's just hurtful
I'm diggin' it! As a bass player and a fan of a driving beat, my favorite was "Big Mistake" but they are all solid songs.
MOTHER : "give me your phone" YOU :* delete all messages* LOL :3
I was asleep from like 6 till 10, now I wont sleep :(
will true Christians stick by the word of God or turn a blind eye afraid of ridicule
Obama proved tonight in the #StateOfTheUnion that his policies and ideas are so much better than any of those in the GOP primary
I wish my brita filter wasn't the one who decided how fast the water should pour out. Now I have to clean up the floor.
Nap time and catching last night's episode of Sharktank. ABC app rocks!
I keep telling Mom that I need a new charger but she never buys me one -___-
Lol yeah baby!!!
I truly love the Santa Rosa Flying Goat
Cool, It's not a #FIFA date so the whole squad will not be here! Still must attend! U23 players to come
local lunchbox is featuring us today! Listen in at 1, hear some songs. some lps and a couple spots 2 r June 8 release show up 4 grabs!
I was at the center at memorial park
neither, we're all losing.
Never did and never will. Dont mistake weakness for kindness.
Don't worry If you missed last night's screening of "The Magic Life." The second screening is this morning at 10:30.
don they have cooling systems and water right there on command
Everybody Loves Eddie the Hair Stylist of your Dreams 404.454.1494 for yor next appt.
You are amazing & i hope you never forget about your beliebers<3
R.I.P. junior seau
Excited to hear how and reached diverse audiences through the Sonic campaign
Consider yourself followed
thanks for coming out to to interview the team at our North Lamar store & help us kick off #thegoodgive weekend!
Are there any #sexed curricula inclusive of #LGBT and #queer youth issues?
I'm thinking the miller moth is Colorado's state bird. Just sayin ~
So great to see the team yesterday! Good luck with the rest of your busy season!
awesome. looking forward to it
Honestly with #ASOT550 and ultra just makes march the best month ever
All is well. Crazed here as well but it's a great problem to have. Are you going to SXSW?
Slept ALL day yesterday, turns out i'm allergic to some antibiotics i was prescribed and broke out ALL OVER in hives. It was terrible!
Carlos Boozer playing his ideal position for crunch time - cheerleader
RIP victims of 911
Tonight were pin ha ha ha ha ha ha hard
hope your weekend was fabulous! Great weather for getting out and being active
the attitude of people just gets on my nerves
RIP #FrankCarson I had the great pleasure of working with Frank more than once in the UK. What a truly hysterical legacy he leaves behind...
He was eaten by Dany's dragons from Game of Thrones.
My family's feelings towards my relationship crack me up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
where ya at now?
I hate when people say you never talk to me anymore wtf the phone work on both ends you got hands !
The frenemy: someone who is both your arch nemesis and also your BFF for life for life for life
Same class, same phenomenon w #feministporn. What was theory is now everyday reality. Internet has made pro-sex #feminists of us all.
hi everyone!
any link for a $3 psn code?
Hoping your talent will even make it better. Tiny Ron Taylor
They are?! I was there last Friday night at California rolling and they were still there.
I've become best friends with some of the most beautiful souls I've ever known. And God has revealed Himself to me through them.
. On GIMP or photoshop? Think I will download GIMP, photoshop costs an arm and a leg!
Find what you love and live it.
you will be missed!! can't believe you're shanghai-ing for good. =(
no problem <33
Stop by for Burlesque Bingo Bango tonight. Win pair of tix to Rolling Stone Volkswagen Fan Tailgate at the show!
Badgers cant buy a charge this game
My nickname >>>> my real name
i doubt it's news to anyone, but timothy dolan totally fucking sucks.
Il serait parfait comme GM. RT : Well, I did it. On , I just announced my candidacy for GM of the
Just joined Weight Watchers online...wish me luck!
Rick Jones tells of his experiences as a youth. Beautifully done!
We all tweetin and making wasps!!
SharePoint: What is it? A browser-based collaboration and document management platform. Apparently everyone has one of these
Wikipedia has thousands more topic lists; some even are lists of other lists
It's National Gumdrop Day?! Is there a conspiracy to make me gain 20 pounds?
My blood fucking boils when I know that bitch is around. -_-
it was!! And very delicious!!!! :)
what if i want to ._. ?
Salmon with wine pairings. Darren at bin-on-the-lake is going all out for this lunch tasting. Join us - apply at www.TasteTweet.com YUM!
We are currently accepting clients for Layouts, Photography, Logos, and Animated Promotional Banners. Message us via Myspace for prices.
TEXT-S&P raises OHSF Financing rating to 'A (sf)'
Oh logan square and your toddlers in Ramones t shirts.
I think I've done all I can do in several hours organizing 1/2 my house - found stuff I need to sale, keep, maybe donate ...
i love you.
yes you're...i hope you don't do it again and yeah..i love you too<3 *kiss you back* <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
probably a good call!
Thanks for the RTs. Appreciated greatly. Have a fabulous Friday!
Completely agree! And she's prob the best person I know. She's amazing. :)
I always say put your best goods in the front window....
This Jupiter model does have the F key and the low Bb but is priced similar to the Selmer 1492B which does not have the F Key
At a listening session to learn more about the new UW System University Personnel System. Simplicity, Consistency & Coherence.
- buying from means every dollar goes straight to the artist with no middlemen. Plus we have signed copies!
Gladiators, May 16th in Milwaukee: "Clash of the Titans!!!" Super Heavyweight Title: Champ Paul Martinez vs. 6' 10" 400 lb Terry Kleiman.
dont be ignoring my calls
Fixed. Thanks!
Anytimr baby you mean alot and special to me
I think it's an iPhone haha
I try not to put "lol" in every text, but I'm just so damn funny.
nice relaxing day today~ <3
One thing I know, go hard young go hard...
i know right?
I love how I'm getting ready for work and and are always still up tweeting. Go to bed Kenye!
Alabama doesn't buy Romney's corn-pone "I like cheesy grits" act. Santorum wins AL.
always puts you in a good mood on the road
Parise by like a billion percent
RT Reduce your child’s risk of food-borne illness: Thoroughly cook animal products, & wash veggies & fruits that are eaten raw.
Ahh so annoying!
least i got this muhhfuckin freshly baked pound cake to cheer me up
Web Development Company India, Profit By Outsourcing, Announces Launch of its ERP Customization Services
economic benefits accrue to those who already have good jobs. And partner can only get health insurance if other already has it.
cause my I live in ATL now . and I didn't have a way to NC
eww so true back to reality. But that dream was oh so sweet we were ALL living.. Let's do it again.. Real soon!
solid 2.5 hrs this am. good to ride with my lsrc teammates. it's been too long.
It is about how we live - we need to move beyond hoping that _____ (fill-in) will come along and fix whatever is wrong (Senge)
Raised me by herself
Just dug through the garbage can to get it out of the very bottom. Basically all of my clothes were in that bag.
Knowledge exists to be imparted.
Product developers: create hard board product w/ high R value + fire retardant = 1 step spot insulation for existing masonry walls ?
nothing much chilling
if Santorum wins the nomination... I will be very disappointed in America, and a little scared for the future!
COCO LOUNGE BOUT TO BE CRAKALACKIN' TONIGHT! MY HOMIE SAID HE POPPIN BOTTLES SO I'LL JUST LEAVE MY MONEY HOME TONIGHT! GO DJ... THAT'S MY DJ
Today, men should give birth for women. Happy Women's day!
I am loving Loopy!
TBH is the best acronym ever conjured.. tbh.
no problem bro
you better not send that thing home with The same goes for all of you suffering from
thank you and I look forward to enjoying you also
the rents are coming to the city. It's also my birthday. Next time!
aww man that sucks. No bro the phone i have is messing up a lot right now. :/
Going to bed. I feel like poo! >:( Goodnight and blessed dreams y'all!
CAN'T WAIT TO LISTEN 's NEW COVER ;) gonna be perfect as always :p
I Havent Been On Heree In a Min But As Soon as I Got On I wrote this to sho sum L<U+2665>ve ! iLy MB #HappyLateBirthdayPrince<U+2665>
haha oh trust me she soo does! Daddy takes good care of his babygirl :) but you have my word, ill def tell her that for sure :}
I read where Westover voted to ban. They tabled it before second reading I believe.
I need somthun to do..sombody hit me up asap
Lonely- Z-ro perfect song of how I feel.
Tacos sound good right about now! can i come with youu?(; haha
haha I was like in craddock but I figured it out ha
Made a late, fast lunch of tuna salad. Afternoon slump so I made coffee too. Terrible, terrible combo.
I wouldn't sound like a 'broken record' of you answered the fucking question the first time I asked it.
View our menu & place your order at www.EpicureanGroup.net
Marlins make 10- year contract offer to Albert Pujols
Survived an audit today, supposedly a random pick. True test of deoderant effectiveness.
Outside of his flukey September last year, Morel has always sucked. A career .631 OPS speaks for itself.
swear I hella didn't even know u go to south :/ ! we coulda been done hung. out
I really don't know why it's such a big deal though.
i had almost forgotten about fireflies..
The fight song
- those #klipschheadphonesplease would have been nice on my flight from SF. Enter me to win.
Thanks i am feeling much better and will be at the Bike from Wednsday April 11th good luck to you.
Wahhhh, well we'll miss you!
Just received a notification on my phone. Lolla 3-Day Passes are now sold out.
whens a good day to go to D23? hm
at first it was a novel but a pal told me to write it as a memoir. so i did but that was 6 years ago.
#dissappointment never seems to end.
Thanks same to you two!
Well Basically its a site where we want to write tech stuff like apple,gaming,sony etc... example iphone 4s release
After this brutal day of #TRXTeam ass kicking, I am now going rock climbing with and
so last nigh i was dreaming that came into my house ! :D but the one i truly love is why didnt i dream of him ?D;
Is there a heaven for a G? I would like to know only thing is a nigga gotta die to know...
#libraryschool friends, Just used for my upcoming poster presentation. It looks beautiful & the process was simple & affordable
Can I renegotiate my package cost with you via twitter? Non-promo cost is outrageous and ready to leave Comcast for Verizon.
"Our good fortune allowed us to feel a sadness that our parents didn't have time for, and a happiness that I never saw with them."
bout to call keem and watch asia star .
I am firmly convinced that Eamon de Valera was at least one quarter giraffe.
If it's 1-2 I don't know if I'll go... But Computation goes off, you should definitely play it
Hands/feet clicking? Try hydrating. Could be a surplus of air/deficit of lubrication the synovials, often from caffeine or phosphoric acid.
oh man you got a face even an instagram filter couldn't fix /:
I don't really understand this one. Sounds like Days of Our Lives. RT : A Word for Prayerful Reflection: SAND
can you wish me a Happy Late Birthday :), my bday was yesterday. <3
Oh, to taste the salty oils
I'm bout to download temple run
How was it & discussion?
After upgrading Android phone to 2.3.3, browser crashes 90% of the time when opening Google News from home screen. No chance to report crash
Probably sleeping. haha! Just had to update him myself.
"Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail."
Blackmon: 1. keep doing the good you're already doing.
keep smiling girly!!! You're a special person!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
hahahahaha. You're not even following Dumbass
RT : Chef Mejia's wine and food demo for the Tournant Society was amazing!
Nothing pisses me off more when I'm watching a basketball game then when a reff calls a foul and he is on the other side of the court
oh yeah the league is back!
massive thanks to all of our fans for supporting our #FAIL tsar song to study! Luv u invisible fans!
Inaugural Speaker at the Wagner-Noel Performing Arts Center - Odessa American
we here in Orlando have no luv for you. That's what you get for leaving!
Nobody is perfect...
The Second City joins us at The Hillman in 3 weeks for a performance that will leave you in stitches. Don’t miss this one!...
Time to get Frankie up for school....some mornings are easier than others....we shall see! waking up her 7yr old
see you Friday sir!!
Phil Mickelson and I have more in common today than we ever have before.
ah, these grapes taste sour.... RT : Is Romney conservative? Hogan Gidley: "I don't know."
Thanks for the follow and keep up the great work!
We know how to part.
Today's #RedSox line-up brought to you by Rudy Pemberton's Justice League of Emergency Back-Ups and Utility Men.
Happy birthday to my little brotherr! I love youu.(:
Sr VDI/View Development Architect in Mtn.View, CA apply directly email .net #jobs,
Don't you hate it when you're watching The Beverly Hillbillies trying to pleasure yourself to Ellie May and in walks Miss Hathaway. Yuck.
Happy birthday !!!!
Bandits won yesterday. Devon had 4touchdowns!! Then us ladies just hung out with a stripper pole. So lots of laughs
no its not me.. what they tell u
We have finally arrived to Chicago to party it up! Excited for the weekend and meeting everyone soon :)
Yes, let's block the only stairs in the building to take a picture... ugh I'm so not a morning person and these ppl are not making it better
I aspire to be the kind of person who cares more about what I'm about to say than what you will think of it.
Count my own money, see the paper cut fingers.
Looking for a good conference to go to this year any recommendations?
big plans for New Years Eve? I am going to hang with the fam.
yep(: & we got stuff for duncans hamster :p
When I get back on stage after Baratunde, can I pull you up to talk about the women developers session?
Whats the new name for? Didn't that used to be your sn?
it made driving through NYC the closest to tolerable its ever been
Has anyone else #read "Curse of the Blue Tattoo" and thought "A Little Princess" + (great) changes?
please it would mean alot :-)
Who did they give up ?
It's something about seeing you go hard that does something to me,everytime I look at you,I am left with a greater determination!
lol, hopefully! happy St Patty's day :)
35 minutes until the #swmadison -- and the world -- gets to marvel at … "it does things"
what's the second bar you're going to tomorrow? I want to watch the end of the Caps game and might have to miss BD
Agreed. I've been saying the same ever since the Oklahoma St game
Come taste our food on Sat from 10:30-2pm at Evolv Gym
your name sounds familiar.
Spikes INT in coverage. *Huge* for his maturation.
No worries, Let them go, i'm still here to listen to your babbling..
no matter how bad my night is , i wake up the next morning and the sun always shines .
Olly murs <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> such a diff sound I love it<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
. You are too nice to me! xoxo
Wow what next!?!?!
cool note. Thanks for sharing.
Like a good SEC football player Ridge Wilson is there......With a bag of Xanax! Can I get a hot tub?!
I can't make fun of her any more. She blocked me.
#milwaukee Everyone be ready for big improvements coming to Fillingers!
Congrats to ! You've won the white clutch from #SpringFling Preview!!! DM me with your name/address!
Saw great exhibit by Fernando Botero, Colombian artist who paints "chubby" figures -- social criticism. Very cool and interesting
If I were to try to read, much less answer, all the attacks made on me, this shop might as well be closed for any other business
deadman wonderland is a badass show
Yeah, can we address ? #musesocial Is anyone (other than ) exploring those possibilities?
This is more than good-bye
I did everything by myself! I don't need !!
You are pure genius - thanx!
Is it that obvious that I'm a cat person?? LOL
Yeah just real busy with kids
Everybody go follow
Happy Friday!
haha excellent. Tony was singing the songs all the time after we saw Wicked. It turned him into a fan of Broadway musicals.
91 shots 2 goals, amazing goal tending
Search warrants show alleged cop-killer thinks crime will make him famous. Jailers taped more than 700 of his phone calls.
Thru our NEA-funded series "Publish it Forward" Grub is hosting , and What a line-up! Stay tuned.
if my video isn't chosen 4 #loyalsaturday i want 2 know a classic interview question where do u see urself 5-10 yrs from now?
It ok yea its alright just another day in paradise
#USHOWINOFF when you step out the limo and pumpin the gas for the driver
8am bus much more preferable than 9am bus. Way less crowded and everyone is quiet since they're prob still waking up.
your family will forever be in my thoughts and prayers.
Tired. Been up for almost 24 hrs!
call me
Thank you so much!!<3
Just got back from a great Milwaukee Bucks playoff game!! FEAR THE DEER, FEAR THE DEER
dOES ANY BODY KNOW A DIGITAL ANIMATION STUDENT???
so true!
passionlessDrone on Cure your Aging Synapses with this New Diet and Exercise Regimen!
u now what, it's ok. I understand how u fell. It will be hard to forget about u. I can understand u like other people but I
Didnt get to play much at #PAX BUT HAD A TOTAL BLAST
Getting ready for the LAUNCH of a new social media venture - Wine, Internet, Celebrities, Charities, and FUN - you won't want to miss it...
LOVE IT
PAUSE! i did NOT know you were workin at Alison Group! uhmmm thats freakin awesome woman!
Doing the same for you. :)
I am finishing a novel about the love story of the poets Robert Browning and Elizabeth Barrett. Thanks for nice words!
O, you all are such jetsetters! I want to go to Brazil, do you want a travel buddy? Haha ;)
Vlingo is weird.
Sunglasses and Advil last night was mad real.
The kids have school pictures today. Wow, these packages are not cheap. Especially when you are buying packages for more than one child.
and please follow me also I LOVE U SO MUCH!!!! <3
The shackles are off and all my distractions are under a benzodiazepine haze… I’m feeling it now… time to get it!
Painting my nails <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085> <U+263A>
This weekend would have been Art Chicago... somebody screwed the pooch on that one.
Took an order for a strap that is going to look like a computer chip. I think we'll call it "Silicon Meets Leather".
UGH I WANT THIS EXAM TO BE OVER WITH.
Get excited about your future or stay stuck to your past. The choice determines your present. - Coach Leslie
Uggh, LibGuides. Not all librarians love them.
Had a fun time last night and i am excited for a fun day today :)
please check your email about typo/error
Happy Easter! Come and celebrate with Us in DC at
I start break dancing this Saturday :D
ill be sure to watch!
When your weekend alarm is set earlier than your weekday alarm.
“: you was killin dog in the post. Lol. They had to double n stuff.”--Haha yeah it was sad for bro. Yep we won.
#steampunk is all about the funky Victorian fashion. Plus steam-powered laser guns. :)
bank of america sucks!! They stole 3 bills from me. I deposited 1260 machine got stuck now they say a month later they say it was 960
you can read?? ;) tell me how it is! I want to read it!
Up and at 'em!
please follow me! i love you so much! <3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN! I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS! <333333333
they opened the 2nd one about a month ago.
You seen the poor girl's photos? .__.
I'm sorry buddy… I didn't know you were planning on it O_o but GOD's got something for you ;P You just have no idea yet… ^_^
Best cleaning service in. detroit
totally! As long as I get to come to LA!
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
I'm so glad that you're going to be there dude!
Oops, make that Leclerc, not LeClerc.
- yep, I've been hanging on to Galatians 6:9 for about 15 years now. That's my life verse. Waiting for the harvest.
Ha. She's still hanging out. Due date on Thursday. :)
You're welcome ! Glad we were able to share something new with you and your followers :-)
#bostoncommon is so nice right now. Beautiful weather and a lot of people enjoying the park.
Transportation and transit are critical to Michigan's future prosperity. Read how Gov. Snyder plans to change the way MI tackles...
Sweet! Come on drake can't mess with that! He's too sweet
- its one of my new favorite shows
bitter loss #redskins...maybe next time.
Yes, *sigh.
Just watched Chad pin Dawnie down to give her a shot...
I've got way too much work to check up, so I'm off to the spreadsheet mines.
April 2012 - Building Bridges for Business will host Small Business Works. Build Your Biz + Show You the Money !!
RT : RT : The importance of #studyabroad #DipNote from "Study Abroad Can Change Your Life—And Your Country"
Im bored. Tweet me ? :)
ha! Not condoning Beckett's action but, come on, playing 18 is same as pitching? Fans/Media sound like angry YouTube commentators
See our Learning Impact Award (LIA) winning project with e-Learning for Healthcare (e-LfH) today from 4pm to 7pm - in #DevLearn ‘DemoFest’
hahaha for real
aye don't ruin the moment I'm try a give you props here -.-
Holy cow! How much is gas? I fill up my supercharged suv for $60! $3.59 a gallon & that's premium!
news 12 is coming to interview my bro about the Yankees =] then errands and such all day!
its Aprils fools day guys
Alberta's Last Thursday ends at 10pm. Please respect! You don't have to go home, but you can't stay in the street!
Age does not protect you from love, but love to some extent protects you from age.
Should I be worried that I actually had to look both Rebecca Black and the song Friday?
Its just what I needed! ha... How's good old LA?
Tyler Hunt with a two-run triple w/ 2 outs in top of 7th -- his 3 hit of the game -- gives Fennimore a 7-2 lead after 6 1/2 innings.
what house?
On Track to the Kingdom by Rontavis Shamar is available for your Nook, iPad and so much more. Get your copy today
Remember that you are unique - just like everyone else.
It is never too late to be what you might have been
Lots of sales here at STUFF this week! 9770 SE 82ND AVE. - Happy Valley, OR 97086
were u in a car or walking
Homemade #pizza tonight? OK! :)
haha you must be like "wtf is he talking about?" an awful lot then! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Girls soccer game! Leggggoooooo
No more spending money though hah broke as a joke right now. I just figured I don't want to miss anymore days so just did it
KENTUCKY WILDCATS! GOT TO LOVE THE BIG BLUE///Yes I do
you tweet every 5 minutes.
can i get a shout out?
It felt SO good to return! I missed it so much. Thank you! See you soon!
*~Prodigy know he wanna follow me we cn be reese buddies~*
If #oomf lived in #ATLANTA I wouldnt smoke no more.... Well or as much as I do....
Rush doesn't count?
Whadd up fam?! How you livin? When you gonn send me some #mixtapes to toss on ?
All this mothers day shopping is bumming me out
That's the only way I take them!!!
say hi to CA for me.
In love with this pic really hot!
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a innovative reply to its intrinsic limits and troubles.
nice! So far ive only got Tron and a doofy Putty from Power Rangers xD
This is bigger than Starbucks! Call Right Now 916 233 3990 Code: 66367# Then contact me after the call.
Planning the Streak for this Saturday! Get ready Nashville
There's a "Free Bradley Manning" rally going on at JC Nichols fountain right now. Thoughts?
IT'S.LIKE.AN.ADDICTION.
I've always wondered what it's like to be a girl
seven runs by #Giants and a two run inside the park homer by #Falcons. 7-2 end of 4th inning. Warm up the middle relief!
Band tips, Music advice, insider hookups... STAY TUNED!!!!
Bet I'm on timeout again smh...
Looking for fish today? Try our take on Fish and Chips: Wittekerke-battered Lake Superior whitefish served with a half order of frites.
Good! How are you? We have the same name... loll :)
I miss working with you, too! Good to be back. Just saw the Pompeii exhibit- it was fabulous!
In honor of i just had some watermelon
justin timberlake is on it :) and so is Seal :) its like old school I love it!!!
all the best to Pineda- recovery, success. not sorry for the Yankees, though.
My brother just tried to take my starburst from me but he couldn't even get it out of my hands. Congrats tough guy.
I'm going to see George Wallace at Tropicana in Las Vegas this Thursday, March 15th, really excited!!!
ugh ugh ugh
I think I have long hair until I come to WalMart and see all of these gurls rockin' the butt-length do's.
stay safe lots of trees down here and power out so the traffic is unreal - not many injuries though so that is a blessing
turkey bacon?
Things happen here "automagically" a LOT. Someone somewhere on campus is waving their hands behind a curtain... ;)
We’re glad to hear you think so! Have you tried our granola bars or cereal? RT: Sunbelt fruit snacks is the best ever
I come and go. It's fun when it's fun.
his smile <3 & then when you make eye contact oh lord
Have you tried Zotero?
People these days are so stupid!!!!Ima mill myself dude!!!!!!!!
RHONJ is so funny omg
RJ Harmon will join us on the stage tomorrow night at Next. Check it out!
Guys... I didn't mention I scored on Flower... Well I did.
Fill in the blank: My favorite "timeless" fashion piece that I will never part with is/are my ________________.
Does anyone else notice the music from the ice cream truck is terribly flat?
Ooh! I've never tried that, but it seems like an elegant solution (using existing equipment - always better)
fresh strawberries, bagel, coffee. Let the programming begin!
Time for #Komen to get new PR people?
& Del along w/ Steve Key & Co. were a great act to follow. Thanks so much for the LOVE.
Sitting in the Walter Gropius house at Wheaton College (MA), anticipating a great day of collaboration
Uugh, what to do... no kids and my wifes heading to the cities... crazy
girl are In class
When i don't have plans, it's hard not to spend the whole weekend in bed.
learning about social media at Justice for All Center before heading to
Little Latin boy in drag lol
WRONG Nikki is the queen
Yum! RT : The lounge is open tonight for #TacoTuesday! Al pastor and house made chorizo will be in the mix.
haha indeed! If u come to SD u should drop by the store! :)
Austin! Austin! Austin! Austin! (: Will you follow me?(:
Hi, Sean. Any recent mentionable job postings?
Last Call for my 8800th Tweet
I figured. Its just a misleading way to present the data, IMO. Thanks for the link.
HUGE thank you to everyone who came out to the show at O'Riley's last night! Packed house was so much fun to play for! You all rock!!!
Alright everyone! Help me out by tweeting and tell them to put me on the show ;) thanks!
I did steroids when I was much much younger (wasn't a dr) but the body I achieved later in life was all natural
what's better then blogs and coffee in the morning? beach walk and coffee!
We have so much vegan dough! vegan chocolate dough AND vegan oatmeal banana! Try some with dark chocolate, dried fruit or walnuts!
have you downloaded it?
He'll never learn! Can only laugh.
Cheap tip for all my phobic friends“: FOOD TIP # 1: A bay leaf in a container of flour, pasta, or rice will repel bugs.”
Save a horse, ride a cow, boy!
Yay! to help procure judges for the show this year. Thanks Mr. Holloway!
Anyone have a banjo they want to give to me?
Yeah me and my lil bby try
emiko oye will be in Art Of #Toys tonight for Alister Olivers fashion show with her #Lego jewelry!
We observed the National Day of Prayer at the leadership team meeting Proverbs 3:5-8.
Mr. Moon, May I sleep now? Fence mending in the pasture tomorrow. Drum circle, wabasso beach, at night. Maybe I'll chance to finish my drum.
Lone tear stained petal Forgotten memoriam Loves’ hearth gone dormant
Lol! Agreed, Dunst good, even in bad films, and my she has many...
*Which is your LEAST favorite DAY of the week and why?
When I'm sick and my dad calls to tell me to "feel better, kiddo" ...I cry.
Lol i know, right... RT : Looks like I might actually watch the #DetroitLions on Thanksgiving this year.
damn my la dawg
I wouldn't believe it unless I saw it, and I saw it but still don't believe it!
RIP Christopher Hitchens, 62. Houston, TX - dead of esoph. cancer tonight. You'll be missed, just finished "God is Not Great"
itunes, netflix, grumble grumble argh
I want to see my boyfriend.
I love you! Miss you too mentor!
#FF Thanks for following SSM Weight-Loss Institute! Have a wonderful weekend!
One of the ways pink eye can be transmitted is through the bacteria in the anus. I was making the allusion I gave u a rimjob
Thank you #RebuildingTogether for your service today in South San Francisco and a big TY to #Genentech and City of SSF volunteers!
Ya know Lord...we're blessed. Thank-you.
Robert Louis Stephenson~ Sooner or later everyone sits down to a banquet of consequences.
GREETINGS FOLLOW RACHEAL @ IAMHEALTHYHAIR CHECK OUT THE HAIR LINE
RT 6yr old Son: "I'm mad Dad, Miami Heat just lost to the calculaters." Me: "Me, too. Actually it's the LA Lakers."
I believe that #stress is a factor in any bad health. ~ Christopher Shays
An amazing evening with fabulous besties RT fantastic dinner with wonderful peeps.
I couldn't agree more with "hater of self-proclaimed gurus."
JP Morgan is just doing god's work, you guys
I just saw a commercial for your Red Velvet Ice Cream. #OMG #MUSTHAVE How can I find out if it's sold anywhere near me? #Help!
Yeah, I think so too. So sad.
It's so beautiful outside! Feels like spring :D
great mission for your organization!
Listening to the Eddie & The Cruisers II: Eddie Lives soundtrack... what of it?
:) i was soo late :( did he play hatred?
Très Chic! RT cocktails at this summer!
The brewpub becomes a speakeasy on Saturday! Just tell the doorman, "President Wilson sent me!" See you for some great ragtime and beers!
he needs to STFU.
I'll be staying in Echo Park for the next little while. Maybe I'll interview people in the neighborhood. I kind of love Echo Park.
The people next door are having the loudest party ever and our invite apparently got lost in the mail.
and I down at , had a comeback at Off to Still in the hunt!
#IdaBWells was a fearless anti-lynching crusader.
So someone got hurt in the soccer game today and the clock got stopped at 4:20
hey i have a question lol..... what is your favorite song.?!? :)
Cookin some breakfast with Mary J and thinking about drinking green not spending it today
you sick of me
People throw rocks at things that shine :)
Why does Chick-Fil-A have to be closed all day Sunday?!?! That's when I want it most. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
I swear I just saw you on Pawn Stars. It was you right?!
we made it to the finals before when niggas thought we wouldn't so GTFOH!!
The Saints logo in their endzone could have better kerning
Possible tornado spotted in Clermont County (SW Ohio). #Doppler10 team tracking storms.
Take the next step in your career at Talkbiznow.com - 7 days to V2!
I love being up late in the quiet it's as if time stands still and I can slow down and focus
"In the Shadow of the Glacier" by Vicki Delany. 'Kootenay' and others mispronounced throughout.
I'm considering taking this stupid thing out of my nose. I can't sleep with this thing.
Just in time, IA‚A´m so glad you have a one-track mind like me. You gave my life direction A game show love connection, we can’t deny
Back to Connecticut today... FOR THE LAST TIME EVER. Sorry. Only get to say that once.
well if you must know they were white with a picture of you on the ankles,
Uhmmm . . why ? How ? and do I know you ? ( I ask a lot of questions )
There'll be 2 tracks, running all day Friday! MT Will all the bootcamp sessions be at the same time? So difficult to choose!
“: Real devotion begins with a departure from the draw to be normal.”
thank you. I didn't think I could do it but once I saw it come off his foot low I knew I had a chance. I just want to thank me.
ah, that's right. Thanks. Seems like forever ago :)
Everyone is drunk singing taylor swift. The room is spinning... With gayness
wake up BANKS
Haha ditto! yeah french would be great if those little boys weren't in our class..lol #growup love you girl!
Thank you!
Wow.... It"s crazy clear w/ amazing stars tonight here in Sonoma.
Good morning
"Ship Breaker" has male protagonist. It was an exciting, futuristic read.
Hi! Are you going to be looking for a new apartment when you get back to Chicago? :)
If it is decreed that I should go down because of this speech, then let me go down linked to the truth--lin the advocacy of what is just...
I'm freakin loving this day:)))))))
“: #YoMomma so fat the Sorting Hat assigned her to the House of Pancakes.”
Mayar Zokaei translates well to the NBA
PLEASE do a buddy comedy together! I would watch/rent/buy that!
oh no lol im sorry lol
UNLV fans liked my latest college basketball article sweet....
Sometimes the most urgent and vital thing you can do is take a complete rest.
Absolutely none. I thought McHale was all about D...
Another nice #cunyit conference. Lots of good discussion!
There are as many nights as days, and the one is just as long as the other in the year's course
Happy Tuesday!!! It is a GREAT day here at AvantGarb!!!
Are you going to be in office Monday?
So who the kids gonna listen to? I guess me if it isn't you.
Just a sweet tooth! Did you get a lollipop with that?
MT Tweet your Congress Rep to stop DEA raids: Please vote YES today on Rohrabacher-Hinchey-Farr-McClintock!
You're amazing:) "I gotta write using less emoticons"
Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me! x Love x
I just read the interview of my President and gay marriage. How do you feel on his position?
How old were you when you first learned about the Holocaust? What did you think then, and how has that changed?
Who thinks Artest's suspension would be longer if words "violence" or "war" were in his new name instead of "peace"?
A witch-hunt on one side doesn't demonstrate politics on the other.
Hehe!!!! It was a fun event and a success - 3 stations covered :-)
Hello my name is H.E. Pennypacker. I'm a wealthy American industrialist looking to invest millions in a lucrative
7:30 p.m. Monday classes.
I LOVE date nights with !! Mission Impossible at the IMAX and then sushi after!
did you send more tracks? Non samples
OMG SAME! i really want to order some on her website!
we needa kick it.
Oh my. I will be downloading it soon!
Sometimes the social web feels like the social dead and I'm the walking dead. :)
Had another conversation (fight) today about walkins. And I reiterated that I ask nicely even though I don't have to. I get all the attitude
One song on repeat kind of day.
In class
Its a party, Its a party, Its a party
Trying to pre-order iPhone 4 online. What a clunky process. Time outs, processing errors, "please try again later".
CMON! ONE MORE TO 600!!! :D we <3 you all
Question: RT : For those who recently started a co: what artistic/funding opps would have meant you didn't need to?
im going to CANADA today!!! its a 10 hr drive to Quebec though...LEGGO
so i'm just wondering are there any people out there who give relationship advice but cant get one of their own? Cuz thats totally me :/
Been gone for a minute. I heard was in my city for the release party. I'm mad I missed it. I'm buyin today. Congrats champ!
yeap. They are a really good company.
Whatever is achieved must be achieved with the full exercise of passion, of vision, of pain, of fear, and of sorrow
1 thing about me I have respect n u not goin to disrespect me on bla
of course haha we definitely will ha
July 18th release date for The Dark Knight Rises and I'll be home for it! Do i hear Midnight premiere???
Doesn't Kasey Hill have strong connections to Brandon Weems?
God bless Texas!
RT : Time for our #Fridayroundup of #healthnews. 1st: Light drinking may slightly increase a woman's risk of breast cancer...
"i've had a concussion since 1982! true story! hey, anybody else's beer taste like metal?"
Gameweek 38 in the EPL always has the potential to be exciting. What happened today is incomprehensible. Best sports moments I'll ever see.
fuck man i wanna get high af and dnt wanna come down.....ever
always! Hope you had a good one! Talk w/u soon.
hahaha nice way to flip that. I am a sales manager at a Marriott here in San Diego
When do and come home?
I can't wait for #JESSNL !!
Join us to discuss key factors for selecting an LCMS - today from 2pm to 2.30pm at the Strategic Buyers’ Stage in the #DevLearn Expo Area
Can't wait for Mexico to win Honduras in the pre-olympics finals today
First stop MEM!!
Weitzner at #FSFfourth emphasizes how rapidly markets and technology evolving, points to FTC for privacy expertise.
I'm exotic, love me.
Phil Younghusband has been impressive in the first half. Scoring the first goal and providing the assist to Chieffy Caligdong's goal.
Been in a mood all weekend, spinning 'A Quiet Storm' now...
That's a good connection. Happy voting.
It is amazing and you rocked on the casting.
me too and me either!
I requested them from the city's Public Property and Parks & Rec departments. Love CPI by the way.
Isn't it empowering to KNOW that you can heal it, though? I cried when I found my #diastasis, then I got excited about
Thank you to all my followers i love you guys!
One more week. Just one more week!
Do you need to remodel your Master Bedroom. Your bedroom is suppose to be your sanctuary an escape. Is it? First do you have enough space
<----19 and I'm living the fucking life.<U+E415>
Hey only the worst from Baltimore City! I wouldn't expect anything less! We have standards...sort of.
All I want to do is fast forward to 6:30 to watch Philly vs. Pittsburgh ... and yet, I need to go to work tonight. BO!!!
Ayo Follow My Boy
StepBrothers is always going to be Hilarious!!
well I skimmed to the end. Does that count? Good job... real work!
Total Lifestyle change yo! RT : FYI: You don’t need a diet. You need a regimen.
loving our new videobooth clips and highlight film!!
Your Sure Welcome :) Proud to be a Hooligan like you.
You guys were packed all weekend! Great booth!
Love my neighborhood! Go out tonite to pull a few weeds in the flower beds and everyone comes out to chat!
Thank you! Love you! Can you please follow me?! I would be the happiest person ever!
#MothersDay is near and we say YES to #FlowersForMom!
ALL GUD !! It"s FAIR !! 1 FOOT N FRONT OF THE OTHER, MAD VALLEY"S & PICKS, NJOY THE JOURNY B IT ROUGH OR EASY, WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Got that ass cena YOU CANT SEE US
#HHD have a good day sexy Logan :)
please tell me this story about Pat White is an April fools joke. : )
Hopefully I meet some cool people waiting for my oil to get change at Toyota dealer
My son just called me a comedier. You know, because your funny. Yes, yes I am :)
Great MLM industry inspiration
Ok twitter, keep me honest. Goal #1: lose 18lbs before my cousin's 6/9 wedding. Goal #2: lose the remaining 10 for my 30th birthday 6/24
Hello to you too! :-D hope the second half of your last semester at #HoodCollege is going well :-)
Woke up at 5 and couldn't fall back asleep. Good opportunity to get some extra work done, I guess!
Best book title: "I WAS BORN IN A TREE AND RAISED BY BEES." The main character is named Crinkleroot, obviously.
partner restaurant donate 5% to our cause every time you dine – just visit www.CelebratedChefs.com to enroll – it’s FREE!
#NewJersey fans know whats good , they were chanting #LETSGOHEAT and #MVP for Lebron, Which went beast mode tonight.
I'm thinking #innovation is dis-associating what's possible with what's probable.
#FF our great twitter friends
Tweet 1,400 goes out to my brothers and for always being there for me and never giving up on me. Love u guys!
No WAY!
Happy Mother's Day Tweeps! Special welcome to new followers! Going to breakfast with my daughter and grandkids. I'm matriarch now.
so what ??? That moron docent rule my life and isn't not even half the person you are
Thanks! I just finished post production, and I'm working on prepping the website for launch, etc. We'll be in your ears soon!
It's beautiful outside (:
There's a Scorpio I know that this is very true of :)
2nd preview for "1776," drinks at Black Fox Lounge & then a well-deserved day off!
! we always check our receipts. Once got charged twice for a cook book and was not a thing I could do once home
I play track
I realize u get what u pay for, but the 1 scale here has been broken for weeks. U realize why people come right?
Thanks for the shoutout you guys! Keep them coming. :*
Casting: 30 sec commercial for Netflix Latin America - Apply to: Alfonso Ruiz or Keith Huser, Post Office Box 421223, Los Angeles 90042
Have I ever mentioned how much I love Google books? I've saved so much money and time!
it's too exhausting to use proper capitals on twitter i use correct punctuation isn't that enough for you because it should be bye.
Sup Bro?
When I think I think..
And frankly I absolutely hate when people blame stolen things on me. I wouldn't do that, I'm not white trash.
ditto! have fun tonight!
bro im sorry! Say you must have gotten robbed at church? Ahha jay kaayy ! Theyd never let you back
Alex Gaskarth is trending. I'm feeding the fire. :D Also, RIP Elisabeth Sladen. You will be missed Sarah Jane. Skynet's gonna get us all!
Percentage of North America that is wilderness: 38%
Theater setting up right now
SB 1290 (Alquist) passed out of Education committee with bipartison support, has no position on this bill in current form.
Damm, that was a good story Spoon
Please, Follow me! :) ThAnKsS¡¡!!
It's unsual though, which will definitely catch more eyes. Not necessarily a bad thing though
Student loans are the last part of the artificial middle class and like home prices higher education is he next bubble.
loves that lincoln quote!
Week: a unit of time that seems so much shorter on a vacation than on a diet
the remix with nas Mariah and joe is pretty dope as well
Oh, you're deleting me from Facebook?
Does anyone know why some of the grads at #2012AUGrad have the number 20 on their caps?
Apparently I have lost my ability to proofread. Ugh.
conference week in the library is cool because people randomly give out food for free.
#Dontdoublemyrate Stop having the little guy subsidize the billionaires. That's the REAL welfare here.
Update: cops came up outta alley and closed the trunk.
Original fast & furious is modern day point break. But with better acting, which is saying a lot
“: ARE YOU READY FOR SOME NHL?!?! I know! I can't wait either! ” cant wait!
Great shoot today - met some great people - visited some amazing places
Hope to never have to use it, but do you know if it's auto-SOS or if you have to hit the button (I know you *can* hit the button)?
#30thingsaboutme think that is so very adorable n talented
great work.I'm going back to jym to lift.
is the track suppose to be on fire?? #NASCAR #WTF?
*Note to all of our Twitter followers. WE DO NOT SPAM! We try to follow all of the bands we play shows with to say hello & thank u.
Is anyone else out there mulling over the challenges of a summer #bookaday challenge?
Rainy mood + slow Deadmau5 songs = <3
Not stressing anymore , just making it worse , letting it rock & well see how it goes :) well always have a spark
"Shock" Anna Tijoux
thank you
Yaaaaay, the bus is not packed.
Movie tonight and great food by Flaming Patties. Join us!
Chinatown one word, dear.
Congrats on the magazine inclusions !
your local library probably does
I wanna know
all I'm saying is Cruz called me from jail and left me a voicemail talking about it so therefore it concerns me if her man
Thank you David. Have many friends that happen to write for The Examiner.
probably the coolest dude in pro sports .. what an offseason
Ivan Nova is walking on his own. The ankle is taped up, but he still could miss his next start.
Home alone. Blasting Making a smoothie. My life rules.
Go see "The Hedgehog" at Landmark's Bethesda Row! Sold out at film festivals in DC. Narrated by 11-year old French girl with an attitude.
We need to set up a time 4 a photoshoot!!
is hoping to get near the whiteboard w/in the next 15 minutes...
A girl after my own heart! Keep on rocking, that's what I say, as I sneer and sport my Billy Idol hairdo.
Ducks practice under the sun in Autzen Stadium in last workout before Saturday's spring game. Music, whistles.
Went to mii bro game on mii way to tha car show
I'm not sure Larry Drew knows that, either.
Dear back spasms, enough already! You're cramping my style.
Why am I always hungry at the most inopportune times?
And the drive begins! Road trip with and #coachchris st Louis here we come!
what an asshole.
Oh no! I am getting mine now. Did you install the Twitter update they released yesterday?
I need a job, badly. Anyone need help with anything?
1st #climb of the #ABS13 season for today
1st we had keynote. This time, Pretty extraordinary. And only $25!
I've seen the future and it's TV on a blimp. Yeah, I said blimp.
What was for lunch? Bean dip and yogurt.
And that's the thing about seasonal jobs - they come stamped with an expiration date.
Time to watch
Thanks for the shout out! You're our new favorite Irish people (after the guys in Boondock Saints of course)
Thank you for a great season ! You have been my main guy since I was a toddler! Love you til the end!
If I said no the first time you asked, I will say no the second, third, fourth, fifth...time you ask. So, quit being a pain in the butt.
SO EXCITED and TOMORROW
Pool party at my house. Come over!
131313 Zach Dorsey
where you from?
I know right!? U know my flaws as well...going bak since '95...lol
Ann Boyer gives a rhapsodic talk, lush with references to Baudelaire, Lautréamont, turn-of-the-last-century French Satanism (ie Huysmans).
What the fuck was swisher thinking?????
:)Thanks! I ask everyone from Canada, do you watch Degrassi?
No problem Angela, try searching for Selton, there on Spotify I believe. There a great indie Italian band!
I love Serena
Thank you!
S/O to my bros good lookin out - we are back in commission over here :) LOL!
Dear university spam filter, It's so not cool to place e-mail alerting me to Amazon gift certificates in the spam folder.
No algebra final for me :)
Another person gone billy mayes.
Check out the GT Study Party Pack we're giving away to our Foursquare friends. Check-in, claim it, & come to the 4th floor for your prize!
its just to feed the celebrities egos and to see who has a bigger fan base so they can brag.
It says so much when we SHOW students to NOT be By-Standers in Bullying situations..
Just performed a long overdue update on my iPhone...why did I not do this sooner?!
i did nuffin is there
Hey At u should come to Omaha,Nebraska someday
Just read your article in #Carpinteria magazine, congrats! All of our family is from Carp & SB. You're an inspiration!
Relax? Oh you are funny, aren't you?
I hate when i get tired nd cranky :(
I'm in Chicago...and it's raining here too.
I replied with two tweets to your first one. Between $250-$300 will get it done.
When you think about it, cheese is really gross.
congrats, use linepleaseapp to practice lines
Why is morning now starting at 11 for me?
If was like crack,then I'm a junkie,and I'm about to get my fix in about ten minutes.Lol
the word "Enjoy" is what really does it for me. He looks like he's having the time of his life.
Very Classy! “: I get to do keyword research for redneck wine glasses. I love my job. :)”
- - #Unique makes Kurt look butch.
The new black panther party is a group of idiots that disgrace the legacy of the black panther movement.
Its funny how you think you're gonna beat me, LIKE NO.
There you go! Steal the show... Roll on. Your singles site rules!
#EverydayIThinkAbout whether I should cut done on my coffee intake. Then I realize, that's just blasphemy.
in the airplane asdfghjkl 10,000 up in the air o:
. Pressure #3: changes in scholarly practice.
I'm at national MS Society Tour of Champions getting closer to a cure... SWEET
u working tonight?
Of course not! Preparing to watch it now! :)
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity. - George Bernard Shaw
Dude on the radio said something was "like a burrito made out of peace of mind and smiles"
Not To me they sexy and there one of a kind Nike tough to but Jordans pop more
Smiley face because u funny
Build a lightbox for a responsive HTML5 touch interface
I got peas on my head but don't call me a pea head~ #WorstRapLineEver lmao!
FYI Suke- Predators playing at Laurelhurst - got a seat next to us if can haul ass from the Couv
Those tweets sent in the wrong order. I hate you, T-Mobile. But yeah, I can't look at my whorish mother right now.
Thanks friend, I am really trying to get this furst book done by the end of the month, so my hiatus has been necessary!
--Hello Tony--are you any kin to Carl or Tommy Perkins?
cuff links, wing tip shoes and an iPod out of a vending machine?
so my name can't Larry duh
If not, tell him he should. Go #Cavs!
indeed you are sir XD
So thinks I need to be on Pinterest. Aghhhh. #socialmediaheadexplosion (ty for the tip, Jamie!)
When i got 2 school today i tried to tweet but i realized that the Wi-FI had pwd but one of my guy friends guess it and he told me :) yay
Lunch with Mike tomorrow and back to work. 13 days till Philly!
in Avon!
hi :) ...I'm actually getting off right now.
*Passes* RT": puff puff pass"
Getting ready to leave for school :( I hate school do much!!!! Come on summer!!!!!
ah!!!! Marley ate Carly!!!
Grain Brain will deal extensively with mood disorders. Thanks. David
Whats the email bro
Thank goodness for Tonight's run would have been over 30 minutes ago without Backstage at the Playoffs
see I would but the way my<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A7>account is set up I gotta checking & I gotta savings the $ all in my savings it might take a while
Perfect two being stuck in my head >>>>
You owe it to everyone you love to find pockets of tranquility in your busy world
seein my mothers face light up this morning, #perfect (':
Two and a Half Men?
"Shake it for me darling, Naa I ain't dancing | ignorant as ever don't be trippin where my hands is.."
Just had a lengthy discussion about the general fabulousness of and
UVA is the real deal in College Hoops. Definitely could be a sleeper team in NCAA tourney this year.
Absolutely! I'm a fan. RT: “: can you please play 's Neon?”
Lefty making his move! Trying to save a boring Saturday for the masters
yum! How's the food?
Sure? Wait why?
er really!?!
i wasn't there, but was there runnin' the BoL table like the rad champ she is!
Run bitch! He gonna kill you!
Hi! Quick question: Does your company do internships?
Classes end at noon tomorrow for Thanksgiving break. Stritch is closed Nov 24-27. Have a happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
RT Driving to Philadelphia. ETA 10:57 AM using Waze - Drive Social
as you can see we got a really dope front lawn, you & your homeboys can play on that.
#askObama Ans 11b: Need balanced approach: reduce defence spending, tax loops holes and entitlements.
every story I ever told started out as an idea of a person and an event. That's where I always start, and it seems to do well.
Call us at 504-945-2181 and ask for Mikey.
Home sweet home.... gr8 to be back in the USA!!! although China was AMAZING (but cold) nothing beats the US....happy ny and here's to 2011!
Found a Carly Simon record for a buck. Now 'You're So Vain' is on constant replay in my head. So is it Warren Beatty or Mick Jagger?
#Oman They are necessary and easily procured at the fish market in Muscat (no joke). BYO feather boa x
If you want my body & you think I'm sexy, come on sugar let me know. ;) Lol
God is not done wit me yet!!!
Am I the only person in the USA that is utterly scared that we will end up like socialist Europe?
#dhtrial woman says to man "are you ready?" "He responds "I'm ready." I'm sensing transition in the jury.
I'm sorry I just can't help myself ;)
I know! I started crying as soon as he started telling Christina all the details ugh what a deuche
After thinking about the movie 48 Hrs, I have "Roxanne" stuck in my head. Totally ok with this.
I always step it up for my all time favorite teacher
I'm single
is about to go and try to hold the bed down for as long as I can. Hopefully the next 8-10 hrs. See everyone in the morning. Good night
Going to visit my grandmother tomorrow. Ethel Brown. Lord knows I miss that woman. Catch me on the south side tomorrow.
cool have fun And aww rained out that sucks
we got 9 scores recorded for you (kuf-hs)
@ Houston Symposium for Research in Education & Psychology. I'm impressed w/the breakfast spread. Nice work GSO!
wat it is jus swag bac in who up mention me
Pierced Arrows in Rochester in The Bugjar (Rochester), 30/04/2012 - garage rock
YAY! but some how your poor ass niggas still gone find a way to afford'em. lol
TAKE YO ASS TO SCHOOL
Murder the perception - make em get it right.
Anyone know of a good #nptech chat?
LMAO BRING YOU KNOW WHO ALONG ;) awh yea my man
She also said Obama decided to lose the War on Terror. He just bagged the world's most-wanted terrorist!
and i feel like some people don't think I can have something like that haha. So weird, right?
If you're in LA and need a studio desk, I'm selling my Studio RTA Creation Station for $90.
So glad you guys got this up and going! So sad I wasn't able to make the auditions that day! Wish you all the best... :)
Tampa to Times square...cycle...:)
I've had to take too much leave/telework days lately. WTF is wrong with me.
lol wouldn't it be nice though! Like nights you wish he would be there just turn on that song
Get over yourself fool
If you ever visit Portland, OR, you can have the tap water unfiltered. Our tap water is god.
Do you deliver? : Toffee Brandy Cheesecakes
": #Sagittarius signs are nice until their not... And when their not you need to get out of their way." We can be wicked
On my way to Miami to meet with ! Sad to not be at the , don't miss me too much !
Hopefully more prviate events in the future! Very exciting.
my macbook is ike overheating right now, and is being loud does anyone know if apple cleans it out or something so it won't heat up?
Lol (: how're you bro?
LOL it's the only sports game I actually am pretty good at on my XBox! Terrible at Madden.
i think your right they are gonna be a team to be watching out for in the future.
I love how I say im going to go to bed early then one thing alyways keeps me up....
Evolution is supported by fact, its testable. Your perceptions about science are shocking.
keep it up it's deff making me want to visit you ;)
It's the month of May! Race weekend then leaving for Florida right after! #yesplease can the beginning of this month go fast please? <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0081><U+2600>
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you have no idea where you stand with someone, and can't really do anything to find out without making things weird..
You should study abroad! It's a college myth that you should stay in the US for all 4 years... get out of town and go somewhere!
The question that I am asking is -- is the "Trust" independent, or is it part of DC government?
History shows those who misaligned their purpose forfeited the marvelous, constructive use of their talents, as edifying gifts to humanity!
Today is Melissa and my negative 1 year wedding anniversary...I wish it was today!
after I ate a sausage, I was told it wasn't fully cooked. I am not excited to see how this plays out...
lol sorry hun I just had people there from back home it was a lot if catching up.
pshhhh YES! Of course, CTE for life :) I freaking love them! :))
The track of the day is Pancho Sanchez "Conga Blue" with Mongo Santamaria. The track is smoking hot. Check it out.
Turns out I can assign Cmd-\ in OS X as a global binding fine. Just not in Emacs. I was *so* excited for delete-horizontal-whitespace!
that's a critical point, inward and outward. Not enough think about inward online.
What Summer music festivals, either to watch or play, are you going to this year?
Don't forget those of us who finished finals and are attempting to prevent hangovers now...
Asparagus, Brie tomato & ramp omelette. After 30 hours of work so not bad
of course I do joe!!!!
thx, I've missed you too. Been silent so long, I wonder if I have anything to say? LOL
Today is he dad's birthdays !
I just ask whoever to play Draw Simething
you are a turtle, Turtle! hahaha :)
I see why good things are happening
where's the responsible filter?!!
Game time's approaching for the marauders. They need a W here at the rock against LaSalle of philly!!
Where to go for lunch...decisions decisions decisions
YOU GONE DIE!!! ( voice)
Huh. I came home from Coronado Beach and my son had packed up his confuser, clothes, movies, books, and bailed. Huh. Without saying goodbye.
Why the hell am I watching a movie about a bunch of scuba divers getting trapped in under water caves?
So its New Years Eve, and I need to find a party to go to tonight.
I think the latter.
True Indians like give tickets to true Indian friends while in NYC holding' it down for !!!!l Lezzgo!!!!
haha of course
I'm about 97% sure I just ate chicken gizzards, and I liked them. But I can't think about it too long or it makes me nauseous.
Oh ,the kid is 4...lets see..that's 32 in dog years...Guess the anal retentives are right. Kid, get a job already !
Wow. WB I-94 at Puetz is STILL closed. Looking at the DOT cams. Avoid 94 NB thru Oak Creek if you can.
Soundpony tonight! We're playing with psychotic reaction/dull drums/rude amps. It's gonna be killer!
I'm ready. No more Vinny
#mycrazyobsession Bath n Body Works buy 3, get 3 sale plus $10 coupon. Lol I had to start ignoring emails.
Guests on w/ & Kevin Kennedy: Bruce Bochy,Ron Washington,Aaron Crow,Jered Weaver,Charlie Manuel & Doug Melvin
Thanks for the retweet! Look forward to connecting with you on Twitter!
dale bro
I've seen fire and I've seen rain, but I've never seen a friendship die so fast over Twitter.
Head on over to ! RT : Need to buy a new pair of #running shoes in the next few weeks before
well i still love him<3.
anyone wanna make me a background? :)
veggie meat really ? Gonna have to look for that ;)
Check out a PREVIEW TONIGHT at the Palms in W. Hollywood! Show starts at 10PM and we will be performing at some point throughout the show!
they come here all the time. Maybe once or twice a year. If u can drive 2 br to see some nicca you can drive ur butt here.
Love who you are, love who you're not
Birthday plans for tonight
Organizing auditions for the short film "My Father" really excited, some really great actors are coming in to read.
haha id rather you go to sleep
The #Rockets need a star so they can start to get calls going their way from the refs.
Beets! Beet Greens! Pears! Lamb! Morbier! Peaty Scotch!
“: This morning I walked out of my bathroom naked and was in my room -_- I got scared” disturbing -_-
"Fox coverage actually is more right-wing, full of weird gushing over guvs Christie & McDonnell."Kinda sad; can't just report.
I'm so glad we could be a part of your day's awesomeness! Hope you're enjoying your new pretties! :)
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 44
I have Make Up For Ever HD liquid foundation and I love it but I want to try some more
New York , GOOD LUCK ACM (:
Houston Chronicle charged with gender discrimination.
Taking the day off, coloring Easter Eggs with my daughter.
go to bed at 10pm and get up at 5:15 am
Let's go Caps!
Thanks for the RT Michelle!
I've been tweeted to by yay I'm popular ;)
I'm pretty sure I'm about to die. I love you.
both and thensome! Give me a Fisher Price turntable and I'll rock a party! Not Cocky, just love what I do!
Appreciate the follows!
omg I love that movie!! <3
The 2011 Lincoln MKZ Hybrid comes standard with features and technologies that are either not offered on the Lexus HS 250h
NBA IS BACK BAY-BEE :D MIAMI HEAT #LEGGO :D :)ILYShawty<3
is meredith your floor manager or handwriting teleprompter? ps. we love Sarah, she was great at the Olympics too.
poor Lionel!!! That bites! I love your consistency, My gym clothes has cobwebs. After I get my manicure I'll be going. :)
LOVE IT!! So true!!
yea tough love women like that shit I learned u get more respect
I wanna make a club banger
I was at my friends house, lookin' for hot neighbours. But find any. Better luck next time LLN
Maybe and will follow me today? You never know. I guess I will keep my fingers crossed ALL DAY LONG (:
PUT YOUR PHONE AWAY KATIE
Brewers? You must be still celebrating from our Packers victory... Lol
#followmepaige, I don't know who the hell you are but follow me!
Rain or Shine! See you all there.
Cover your flowers - frost coming tonight!
It has 2 b a penalty or at least no line change, or d-men will just bat pucks to teammates for whistles on long d-zone shifts
#shit my friend signed me up for my first 12K.
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
snotcycle results K29er 2nd, Carl, Scott, Jenny finished. Ellen & Jay as human snowplows.
: thank you!!!! I'll check it out!!
Wow... What a Great Afternoon. :)
Relationships do not need promises, terms, and conditions. It just needs two wonderful people..
watching some movie ..... Thinking . Ya know ?
we see you!
A younger colleague is after my job - how do I stop her? Vicki and Octavia, our mother and daughter agony aunts, answer your questions
I cannot wait to go to sleep.
I'm interested in starting a foundation to help families that have dogs in need of surgery to live or improve their quality, any ideas?
Remdawg is following me! Jerry I'm a Twins fan but love your broadcasts.
no. :( mine was just a reg cold pretty lite. Sorry!
of course :-)
congrats on the #crunchies win, you guys deserve it!
Un-Bucking-believable- monstrous win for the #bucks over the Hawks. #FEARTHEDEER!
I have done my good deed of the day. Does that mean I can take a pass for the rest of the day?
It's crazy, how your whole life can change in the blink of an eye.
Is there any doubt to who the most popular player in football is?? Wonder if this will come back to haunt John Elway
Playing solo tonight at with my boys 9pm. i hear the guys from will be in the house too. x, j
getting pumped for the coming storm, maybe 1-2' of snow for Summit County?! We need it!
RT : we might as well start playing two hand tag cause this is madness!! Lmao even flag football get physical
Seeing Eye dogs have such a purposeful look in their eye. I wonder how they know how important they are to the life/death of their person.
Parts of downtown Santa Monica lost power this weekend. A transformer blew up and Megatron threatened to destroy the Kings Head.
It's always "something"// I stopped a car 2 days ago>I was walking>the driver was about to pull into street w/coffee ON ROOF! !
Taken just seconds before his giant head spontaneously combusted. A tragic and messy end... Oh, how we'll miss
- will be at the Boro bar and Grill on Sat. Oct. 8th with , and 21+ $5
Moxibusiton: method for treating acupuncture points with heat. Other methods: aqua puncture enhance /prolong the effects, of acupuncture.
Off to work out here, my clock is off big time. I love Alaska and seeing my old friends, just wish it was located right over the GW Bridge!
We are #outlaws but i'm still waiting on 's response. though both her and me are underage.
Awesome. Awesome. Awesome night. Good turnout, kids. Most fun Wednesday yet.
True RT : I will never give part-time people a full-time position in my life.
then you get some brain in the front seat of da hummmmah
Hi Hi
back it up up up like a trucker ;)
After our 4 weeks off OPM hits the stage again this Saturday in Columbus. I think I remember the songs. We even wrote a couple of new ones
Didn't really want to see "The Vow", but it was actually a good movie. Guys it's good v-day movie with your wife.
Just bought The Magician King by because I couldn't wait another day for it. Literally.
This is my first tweet since last year :^)
A #Mariners lineup has no holes - for an ever expanding abyss will never fissure.
Enjoyin Spring Break
haha now you know how i feel ! :P sorry i dont think there's a cure
#ThingsISAYDuringSchool What the fuck is she wearing ?
That's a little Twittah nibblah.
ditto ... i do think that these days, it may be more competitive for the newer trainers/instructors, you know?
let's get the other 3 in on this too.
Damn, I'm so "heads-down" on product development, it's not even funny. I'm not following Twitter and my TiVo is about to explode.
Emmy Lou can take my place on the squadron & I'll be team Mom. Orange slices & granola bars for errbody!
With my next paycheck, I think I will be getting a tattoo!! ;) oh yeah
WTH is J. Hill on? Fam is too random.
great words of wisdom
What if I had friends...LOL
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 50
#lessambitiousbooks War and Treaty
I spend more money on tutus, fishnets and sparkly costume-y things than I do on normal clothes. This is beginning to be a problem.
Unbelievable hockey game!
honestly, I would buy anything I could if you did :D
Fire Threat in Texas for the next couple of days, here
that sounds far more appealing than a run.
RT If you are even vaguely engaged in your profession, you probably have no problem with CPEs. < people have problems? How?!
& remained around the initial asking price. But it'll turn into a long term investment like I had assumed. The company will grow
patience damn you
I'm going to start a droney rock band called 'Ugly Duckling' with hopes of, one day, turning into SWANS.
Void said: "Everybody on this site has bodied burna and it's getting pretty old. Hes a lost hope of a rapper and a human being " lmao!!!!!!!
Can't sleep so may as well do my hair (which is been a hot mess lately)
#cali if it snowed 2 feet there right now your world would crumble! No shit you get em everyday, we don't, you're geographically dumb! JK
sweet real estate porn on tonite
Enlightened souls appear whenever righteousness declines and unrighteousness takes over in the world.
No snowfall pool I've heard about. I would have lost by now!
Big thank you to #TeamBalderas for helping us pass 1600 followers!
i have to study. Geez. Get off my back.
Sorry for the delay...yes, 99cent Iced Tea thru May 6. We'll follow up with you.
how're you there?!
#3WordsOfAdvice Follow Your Heart.
Is says page not found??
I can't see myself with the same person for a long time ...
Currently being spammed by Brightroom Photography. Okay, I get it, they have pictures of me. How many more emails will it take?
I do not know myself. I know the Sons of Confederate Veterans would know-try them. Best
I want to wish all the men in my life a happy Defenders of the Fatherland Day. Thank you all for being wonderful.
MegaKitty is known around these parts as Muy Gato
still waiting for a follow from ..it could happen one day but probs not.
"Learning comes through concentrated study; mastery comes from tedious repitition."
When people make it awkward and then walk out of the room >>
Thank you Mr. President for supporting #MarriageEquality for LGBT folks. We appreciate your support, and you have mine!
Going to volunteer at the Alley Theater this afternoon for Agatha Christie's Then There Was None
oh for sure! I thought it was funny :)
I Love Surprises ;)
(No, it's actually really good—well worth the mild depression that comes with it.)
let us know how they turned out RT : running tests on the brewer!
Hologic Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2012 Operating Results - MarketWatch (press release)
I love my new iPhone. I should have gotten one a lot sooner! Any good 4S pointers?
follow back.
Spring cleaning!
Hm more highlights or dark hair for prom
Happy Wednesday Beautiful People #JusticeForTrayvonMartin - XavierLT. com
Charles Barkley needs to take his country ass to speech class. I hate his delivery.
take one to bainbridge island! It's just a quick trip but beautiful!!
Goodbye, Linkedin. You have served me little.
Who wants 2 FREE tickets to the Denver Home Show? First to call 303-922-8811 and mention Facebook or Twitter, WINS!
obsessed much!?
Trying to construct the perfect DMV "rock and roll" license plate today online. That's work! Current RE themed plate going to hiatus.
#HowtoEnd2012 everybody on the world jumps at one time !
Makes me wonder why the squat thrust never really took off...
no, the greeks actually left some dude there to present it to the trojans! he must have been a real sweet-talker...
Much appreciated, Larry. Have a wonderful weekend!
Thanks for the follow! Nice curation. Have you read 's Net Smart?
Thanks for sharing!
Dang it autocorrect, I really did try to type "wear".
Today is #FollowFriday so retweet and favorite this tweet to spread the love!
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving.
hey Syd i miss u boo we gotta hang when u back from the ATL
One weekend into my diet resolution and a Brazilian steakhouse opens in the neighborhood. And they have a mother's day special.
thank goodness it's not just me lmao
Stoked because today is my Friday since I have a wedding to attend tomorrow. Yay only need to make it another 8 hrs. Woo! :-)
#Avengers was okay- funny at times but definitely your run of the mill blockbuster.
Leaving for Stanford in a bit. Long flight,but great education group to meet. Loved the PR today @ the Idaho proram's success. Fun stuff!
hi damian! i love when you sing take care! its so cute
what do have to get? Ha.. ha.. love ya.!!
The moment when you feel like you're losing the one person you never wanted to lose.. #losinghim </3
On the job playing blues at Universal
FISTING?! You got yourself a follow :-p
Plan ahead this year - 50% off tax preparation services from Convenient tax Services, only on www.crowdclick.com!
haha depends on the time you actually get home. cause i have class again tomorrow morning :( which i really wanna skip
Homer bailey giving up 3 solos in one inning<<<<
#RealDealsNotJustCoupons please tell me what type of deals you would really like discounts on?
killin it at current
2 finals down 1 more to go...I'm completely stressed out I'm too ready for summer
Just checking in, I am now off to plant my tomatoes, and basil.. Yes, I am a woman of many talents..
Four hours of sleep. Haven't played since September. Huntington Beach is on. Cue the music.
Being treated like a princess today,
What a night! We couldn't tell you who won, but we could tell you what JLo's nipple looks like, and how many Scorseses it takes to vomit.
this owl will be out of battery by the end of the night
Michelle is not trying to kick it!!
Wishing the Westminster Choir safe travels to Charleston-we can't WAIT to hear you sing KEPLER!
Finally have a copy of mixed in key. Phenomenal!
anywhere with a good book
Many thanks! Belated
Increase your Twitter numbers with real fans worldwide! Guaranteed real results! Gain followers today!
FYI I just deleted about 12 pics related to Gotye.
Just flew back into the city. And am quickly reminded of why I don't live off the blue line.
If you "watch" the current one, you'll be updated when a new date is added :)
Good Morning World! Lets All Thank God For Letting Us See Another Beautiful Day & You All Have A Blessed Day!
Show was awesome tonight! Thanks to those of you who came out!
Txs for visiting RT I want my small t-shirt! Enjoying the event and the #PMIYinLA piano!
In need of some new books for nites like this :)
Wow! Thanks for the link! That is now bookmarked for in-depth viewing! Ah my old TRS-80!!!! Can you say diskette! ;-)
Why am I always dragged into other peoples drama???
once I wore Spanx to the gym on accident. I was so unmotivated.
close to a mental breakdown cause of all the meetings i've had the past couple weeks. and now 2 at the same time tonight AND tomorrow? shit.
We are in the business of youth fitness. Our website has video of our 123GoTV by KidExerciser. Discount coupon PTPA.
I almost became local ex-con/rapper's lady in the back of the KFC... BURLESQUE & I bought a cuddly critter temp. tattoo
sounds great. Happy to host. Let's talk.
playing mass effect 3
I thought I finally had a Hawaii Monster guy friend :'/ oh well, life goes on.
And if Christ is in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the Spirit is life because of righteousness." Romans 8:10
Hahahaa oh my gosh you're right, it's also the problem of growing up
actually, I'm drinking cheap instant Folgers. Imagine that.
thanks for the RT's from the #openrestdc event
Wednesday morning, why do you even bother?
Welcome to the two party system. Kick them all out.
Where did you go you where here yesterday? Why did you leave? why did you leave? And now im.stuck here thinking about your face
- we comeback on thursday, yhu miss us?
Trustworthy people do not humiliate themselves by begging to be believed
< one month til
Happy Friday
I feel bad but it was worth it :p another ssomeone will stop hating me
Check out ' wkend plans!: Muppets in Manhattan in Pioneer Square, Music Man in Laurelhurst, and breakfast
contact me b4 Monday or I'm filing papers u probably dnt want me to file.
Theater for "Hunger Games" is crowded - and it's a morning movie! (My first)
11-25-82 Big #Superdome show as Stagger Lee beats Ted DiBiase for the North American title
good! It's a free down load so no risk!
you too! haha must be a #Capricorn thing
go big green!
my comp. is tomorrow
Communication is key! Maintaining a class blog for Ss to share their work will help both admin & parents see effects
ah so excited four dayss!!
old puffer Pete
BUT you used it as your bio pic! Makes it even MORE priceless! ;) (not to sound stalker-ish - but I love watching people sleep)
Come on Florida, we need some better defense.
Absolutely summertime! Love to have 2 our Surf Clinics. Last week took double amputee for his 1st surf.
My Vagina like....fell asleep.
I look forward to meeting you at #SWMadison. Glad to talk.
I need to bring you some bakery samples..we re a bakery too..great marble rye and some rustic..maybe I can swing by Monday?
You're very welcome!
one of Chicago's biggest holidays.cubbie no like St patty day is like a Redbird not winning world series just unheard of ha ha
I should totally come with a warning label. Don't tell me if you don't want me to tweet it. Of course then people may not want to talk to me
So yesterday i got a new pair of heels and they are AMAZING.They are blue w a yellow bow.
Using low threshold 'disruptive' technologies in smart ways for aging population healthcare: worth each of the 16 minutes it takes to...
didn't make it there, but took in some good music just the same
it wont let me send it! #wtf ill send it on facebook haha
good? More like messy.
All you need is love.
#SOUTHsundays was magical tonight. I wish every Sunday was 's birthday!!!
I gotta say ... I'm pretty impressed that is tweeting during #SNL. He was pretty funny in it tonight.
TONIGHT - SHOWTIME with Special Guest DJ's Curtis Dirt, XsintriX, Torp, Weapon XI & Doktor D along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!!!
no worries. Thanks for the RT!
Follow me plzz
My Lover?(:
:) hope u enjoy it! Looking forward to Sunday.
Im The Weird Gurl At Skool . The Gurl Who Gets Bullied Just For Loving The ICONic Boyz :/ Just For Being An #ICONiac & #GRANDer :'(
now unless you are just going to waste time insulting and assuming, dont bother to respond.
rap write and produce
you said something bout team bulls count you in?
yikes! you better rest up! I would hate to see ya have to call in sick tomorrow!
Thanks for making it an unforgettable experience for our "Dream in Tune" Songwriting contest winner - you ROCK!!
Just pranced around the house for a good 1/2 hour #cantwait <3
damn cuz you a real goon I'm scared so imma fall back cause you don't wanna fight old school
Children can be taught both science and art through magic. -- S.H. Sharpe
Thanks for the follow on Pinterest. Please follow here too?
Little minds have little worries, big minds have no time for worries. - Ralph Waldo Emerson.
if i had you that would be the only thing i ever need
could i get a follow for my birthday?<333
OMG we haz a twitter
Yes and Me Too! RT Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there. I'm relaxing and watching on TV then some grillin'
The best thing to give your enemy is forgiveness; to an opponent, tolerance; to a friend, your heart; to your child,
Evan, do you know what beer tastes like? RT : Hahaha fuck the both of you
#plansforsummer going to the bank atlantic center to see one direction with my bestfriend,my 15s pictures,etc.....
Great night at the Sapphire Lounge, amazing that after all these years, I still love what I do! Next gig a surprise B-DAY party ON Saturday!
Looking forward to meeting you at Sunday's Communication 201 workshop!
I really wish Jacob was awake already ._.
Tired -____- need an energy boost ugh.. It's going to be a long day ...
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it
#sometimesallagirlwants is a hug. Stop trying to slide us something extra!
just like a flower...
. DRose also missed 20+ games and minutes were limited due to these injuries . . .
My mom: " I decided not to become a whore when I grow up." Me: " oh, that's good." My mom: " I decides to be a bitch." Nice life goals mom.
TEFL: A life of travel, adventure, and doing something meaningful. If you haven't taught abroad yet, what are you waiting for?
What jackass predicted snow for the the DMV?
yu still have your ipod number
That sounds really good. I need something better than a Pop Tart for breakfast.
yay! fingers crossed that I can find something!
RT : Nothing is progressive forever.
happy birthday, lovely! :))
11:30 - this is the earliest I've gone to bed in quite awhile.
AFT's prez visited West Side Elem today, WSE is a perfect example of a school that could benefit from public charter school leg
I am very interested in your book and exploring the possibility of having you on our show.
miss you more <3
oddly I have that same fear. Creepy.
It's Spring Break and Ed Rooney is still calling my house to see where I am!!!
Hey guys, my boo needs your help! Retweet this so she can win a contest and be in a music video with her fav band, Nickelback!
Saying "Sloppy Seconds" instead of "Leftovers" is really funny, until your five year old says it
i shouldnt have to do that im not cheatin an thats that sorry if u dnt wanna b wit me then dnt but its up to u cuz u trippin over nothing
it's so addictive isn't it? There are probably too many characters but most of them are really good characters.
bet hit me
How about my cover for number ten? www.trisefbook.com
I just had a health practitioner recommend grapefruit seed extract to me in helping to reduce sugar cravings
where can one get that "books not boys" tote?
Thanks! Looking forward to being a a "real" journalist and not just a blogger :)
Watching "Midnight In Love" and loving 's work.
that's how it feels in my house all the time. Perks of living in Florida? I don't think so.
Last night before graduation... out with the homies. Find me in the throwback
ange,we did Hallelujah praise ye the Lord. several folks under 50 were standing and sitting, lol the elderly were just smilin
Oh and the new episode of It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia did not disappoint....
that was me yawning just so you know
Good GREEN Morning to u! Don't u love how lush everything is after all our rain! Big storm last night, but again, HAPPY GREEN SPRING ATX!
Next at #mashcon: Peter "the future of stuff"
Um did you get the large root beer??
Great I will have the Cawl ready
Next round! Which "Sir" with a passion for racing drove a 300 SLR #722 to one of his most well-known victories at the Mille Miglia?
#Ghostfacers! I love these guys 'specially Spruce (What up, playaaaaaa?)
User suggestions this week that we are working on include: Cop Wife, Sheriff Wife, Trooper Wife, Team Guns, Cute Sheep and Cute Horse!
Someone should txt me :)
These are the most paranoid cats I've ever met. One just watches me from the window of another room; the other keeps forgetting who I am.
M...warming Honey Pear Cider....my house smells delish!!!
Thanks Tony! A few days ago, he donated $25!!! That makes him a Chum Buddy!
bahaha know what you mean ;)
its all about that raw east coast shit though, swear to god
didn't get the invite. Where and when so I can crash?
Kristina Dorville takes over for Tim Fraser as DHS lead on Stop, Think, Connect cybersecurity awareness campaign
dnt feel good and I have a bad attitude rite now
This Bitches is my sons ;)
Thanks Lisa, hope to see you there!
who else is laugh crying right now?
Happy spring!
thanks for following !
Yes, Roger, we did. You been drinking again? RT Shit, those overtime rules are confusing. Did the Broncos officially win?
Make A Difference
Happy Mothers Day to all Moms we serve, Moms on staff, THC supporters/Mothers, Mommy volunteers & Twoms (Twitter Moms)
How's your Friday 13th going?
I can't stop thinking about this.. I haven't slept in almost 14 hours... This Shit is taking a toll on me.. I miss you already
preach it
I need to start writing blogs about shows, so much stuff happens at them that i never wanna forget. <3
What a difference a great proofreader makes. Thank you, , for polishing my web content!
Merry christmas everyone <3
not exactly the best formula eh?
let me know how that works out for you.
Cool but weird that 2 chefs chatting can sell out the Paramount.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Thank you for your support! We're so close!
u got me
it's okay - you can go to the bottom of that same page tomorrow and stream it or download the MP3. I'm at the 1hr30min mark!
Thank you Diane Martini Richard!
Thanks for the RT!
lol where'd you go last night?
BEING A GENTLEMEN DOESN'T MEAN UR A PUSSY ......IT GETS U PUSSY
Romney at Daytona: "I love this stuff. I've always been a huge NASDAQ fan."
Brees continuing to show why Rodgers is the man!
"The nerd base controls the internet."
Get free promotion to your social networks. Never pay for promotion again! url on my profile. :) follow4follow?
goal for today is to build a full product database, with vendor links, prices, images, descriptions, resale price, and.... SMILEY PIES!!!
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists?
The sun is out, the office is empty and I can't stop working. I love it when projects come together, it is looking amazing!
Jk i went to swim for an hour and left because anothr storm came. (:
Hey hey hey!!!!
This friday & saturday are the only things I'm looking forward to at this moment. .
“: #MentionTo someone who makes you smile just by saying good morning to you.”
Just put on my favorite lip gloss, walked outside, and the wind blew my hair into my face
I know the president, I can put in a good word for the Bay Area.
Larry Johnson should check back into the TV commercial game by portraying "GrammarMama" in AP Stylebook ads.
El Anatsui segment. Fascinating work. Using metal, wood, ceramic. "Destruction as prerequisite of new hope."
swear i feel like blowin but im not.
Oops, nevermind, great goal by the Toronto defender on his own net.
See you from 4-7 pm in front of the Pueblo County Courthouse for the Rally!
The Jalapeno and Ham biscuit was simply amazing!
Are you doing any spring cleaning?
Help get him 2 the summit! RT Apparently--for me at any rate--1,200+ followers is Mt. Everest and I'm perpetually at base camp.
Colorado it is
Spend my day in Managua visiting grassroots orgs that battle sexual and gender based violence
RT : Congratulations Denise Barrett! You've won a free online NCLEX Review course! Thanks for stopping by booth 313 at NSNA.
Hope everyone is having a good weekend...
Congrats Eric! DM us your address! wants to mail you a T! RT : Santa #tailgates on Christmas Eve
Did you know Harry Potter books are printed in more than 60 languages? Can you say Hogwart in Lebanese? More from local fans on CBS19
A lack of planning on your part, does not make a crisis for me.
Nobody thinks I'm kool till aftr 5pm... Then my shit ring off the hook!!!!!
your good. You already ate it didnt you.
#Xavier isn't doing a great job playing defense in the paint, but they're doing a great job following Heslip through a barrage of screens.
oh snaps I thought yall went
SAG-AFTRA please keep the plastic membership cards especially if you raise fees annually by 2% AFTRA paper cards reflect a cheap union
where the hell are you? why have i not seen you? what is this madness?
I GUESS!
Go Colts! The Colts take on the Steelers today at Lucas Oil Stadium! Who's heading downtown to help support our team?
my neighbor>> lmao
#Worldshare as an innovation platform. Where have I have heard this before?
lol oh ok that's good how are the pups?
DR. ANDERSON LIVE! ON DVD & CD; visit Classic One Books & Herbs 1425 W. Manchester Ave. LA. CA 90047, 323-750-3592 or www.milliganbooks.com
That's not historically accurate!!
Waited for #comcast for 3 hrs then called and they said they messed up the date. Now we have to resch + they won't waive the service fee!
What iPad apps do you use for education? Need tutorials & info on iMovie on the iPad too. Thanks for helping!
Sorry we missed you guys again in SD. I am finally finished with this semester. Now just a few things to grade. Merry Christmas!
Anyone's life truly lived consists of work, sunshine, exercise, soap, plenty of fresh air, and a happy contented spirit. - Lillie...
DAMN when u gonna com 2 da #EASTCOAST we gotta set chu up an
and we will appear on Reggie Gay TODAY!!! Check us out a 8pm Channel 57!
When people hurl insults at you,attack & question your character,ignore you for a time & then seek you out like nothing happened.
I'm jealous.
great article today about A-Rod. I love when you have the stats to back Elite QB status.
thanks for the video shout Wendy
If I Come Around You Alot & You Make Me Smile I Got a #crushonyou or
If #Bo Ryan could recruit a one and done, instead of a one and I want the hell outta #wiscy he wouldn't be in this situation.
It's got to be Roberto Martinez as next #lfc manager. He has a blinding reputation for keeping clubs in the Premiership.
To Courage Center meeting with occupational therapist to talk about my hand strength with my Inflamatory Myopathy eval then plan I hope.
I have 2 other pages: & , follow me on both
Whoa... #grizznation just went ghost.
The classic mistake. RT Remain in Light CD case doesn't have Remain in Light in it. This road trip is totes fucked.
I'm so not looking forward to school .-.
This week on YOUR SHOW, we are going to discuss Fracking. What questions or comments do you have?
We're finding people from the Indy area to follow, follow us back and say hi!
And now after licking the carpet for any tiny remnants, he's crashing, hard.
BREAKING: 1 Dead &1 hospitalized in apparent Milwaukie murder/suicide. Happened home park. Police on scene
So... we need a team! RT [...] Real Portlanders don't own umbrellas: fact. Baseball cap = Portland brolly.
I am sorry for any problems you may be experiencing, we have networking connection issues, we will update as soon as info is available. ^CS
what're you guys talking about! It's B-e-a-utiful!
Thanks for the mention Amy!
oh. How i dont like winter:) i think i like florida right now at this time of year:)
How do you feel about ? Is Gaga a genius or an outrageous sensationalist looking for attention and pushing an agenda?
RT Lmbo I remember when the whole xxi crew use to work mad extra shifts during the week just so we didn't have work the weekend
mashed with the original actually, this is a highly valued bootleg they will not give out.
Lord grant me the #serenity to accept myself... Especially while shopping for a new swim suit.
u make it last night? Do you cook/grill?
I can let you know a week from Tuesday!
Partner news... RT Beginning 5 p.m. today, is changing its Twitter handle to New name, same reliable services!
Tune in tonight at 8 pm for a special hour-long tournament edition of CrimsonCast Live! Featuring , , and
Look For Me ?<U+2665>
Who knows, I need to go to sleep but I just woke up not too long ago
Um Sophia Grace and Rosie's Tea Time on Ellen is AMAZINGLY adorable!
Phao Parent Council meeting is tonight at 6pm in the Overtime area of the Ministries Center. All Parents of 5th-12th graders invited!
i told my little sister about this trend and she was pissed the fuck off
Its really bizarre that has more followers than
Sweet day here ! Lots of great music! We play the FPL stage at 6pm! #Simplified #Sunfest #Reggae, Funk, Roots Rock & Roll!
no es pa tanto <U+270B> more like watch some locas go loca on a table ;)
Thanks for the RT!
gotta get my tweet groove back. I missed twitter while we were out the ruling real estate world!
Discipleship is anything that causes what is believed in the heart to have demonstrable consequences in our daily lives. - Eugene Peterson
The challenge that most people feel with a #Gemini is that they ‘don’t know who they’re talking to’, since you are so multifaceted.
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 39
Any #cfobjective peeps attending my Automated Testing preso, DM me if you'd like slides and demo code now for a head start.
I'm as bored as a fat kid with a plate of carrots.
Agreed, but the news that it's potentially a two year deal for us makes the news even better.
I can't see why anyone wouldn't love pigeons. They are so silly to watch.
I'm just networking & chillin its not so bad
Advance planning of social media tactics : put your org's Content Calendar up against overall goals & focus.
but i knew it was not going to go over well.. so i hope the rest of the vacation goes well Phx Skateboards
The Annual Red Lion Run Car Show will take place this year on Sunday, July 15th at Anderson Park in Wheat Ridge
he's retarted. That's the only explanation.
I guess you have to be the one to ask questions about #Cain's accuser because if the men did they'd be crucified...
Good night moon
Headed to model fittings #BabyBashBling w/ - excited about models for #BumptheRunway!
I know, it keeps asking to come out but I won't let it. :-/
Last day of #npsg! Speaking today at evolution of smart growth- the SD story.
RT: tickets still available for tomorrow night. SOA PALEYFEST // I already got mine!! THANKS ~ can't wait!!
in the studio mixing today. rock on!!
Don't say: "I know how you feel" or "everything will be ok" or "it was god's will" do say: "I'm so sorry" or "I don't know what to say."
to NOT give john icecream because its his bedtime, right?
watched Charmageddon on Netflix. My #1 "if you liked that you'll like this" recommendation is The Diary of Anne Frank. Wtf? lol
Getting ready to bring in a class from U of C to tour our building. I can't wait to hear what has to say.
Blood is dripping thru my hands.. Tell me, is this what you wanted?
that's it?? Wow. That sucks!
#Furthur this Friday at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium – 7:30pm
we will be at the Verison Center to see next Saturday.
in Brazil we use eggs as pizza topping mixed with onions, olives, veggies, etc. It is called portuguesa flavor.
hope u miss me a little wen Im gone. 4real. have fun w/out me n jeez u seriously wnt ham cussin!! Spare me sum. Lol. <U+2665><U+2665> u
why did it just say that i wasnt following you??
I love Banaian's view on revenue generation from ONLY the stadium. Craziness. "Super Bowl's seldom generate much revenue". What?
follow me back loosa
The game for autism, resuming next week!! if you havent checked it out, you can @ www.d3xsoft.com or stop by our facebook page and give us a
Its official, i can't listen to music without dancing.
How goes it?
Enjoy better health and a longer life, make an appointment with the expert of your choice today.
u got it fam!
Here going to crash at 11 or so...
Co's,museums,galleries,schools,sports clubs + of US-based tweeters-please contact us to have your co. show, buy or sell MandelaArt prints
Just got a role in a short film. Yay!!
I just guffawed on this bus. And I agree with you.
Congrats on the 2 year deal. I think both you & the are going to surprise a lot of people this year!
You have to pinch hit Felix here, right?
So talented man! HUGE INSPIRATION for our band!
you are welcome.
What do a junkie and a guru have in common?
did u see we are in talks to trade raymond to lakers for guess who steve blake lol he better for then raymond at least : )
I love data & I love targeting but pros need to recognize error/leak potentials & consider impact. cc:
I'm Feeling Sexi and Free<U+2665>
Bahaha...sorry not funny...(chuckle) RT : #Brewers released Braddock?!? What a nightmare!
i haven't heard from in 2 days. i hope he has dropped dead from alcohol poisoning =/
Do you have plans this weekend? If they don't involve seeing The Avengers, change them right this instant and go see it. NOW.
Taught a class & presented my PATS Program at the COGIC Leadership Conference in Sacramento, CA. Then Bishop Macklin reached out! Wow!
How the hell did the new cones on the Kennedy bridge get knocked down in less then 24hrs, some jackass just cut us off through the cones.
Ah, got it.
Home is where the bros are. Thank you and for treating me and for our New York-iversary!
My cats are now 19++ years old. They need lots of care. They are doing GREAT with my HealthyPetNet products! www.PetFoodYouTrust.com
ha. can you just send me funny things so i can laugh?
#RelationshipsAre meant to be easy ... Things should just flow, for the most part
just watched finding nemo. "just keep swimming..." me: IN ONE DIRECTION OH MY GAWDDDDD!!! friend: *smacks head*
Alright precalc homework, prepare to be destroyed! #bringiton!
It's not that we don't care, we just know that the fight ain't fair so we keep on waiting on the world to change
Oh desperate housewives..thank you for making me cry my eyes out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
less Twitter for Lent or NO Twitter for Lent? Couldn't you just give up dill pickles instead?
2.5 hour nap is exactly what I needed today
Download the free eventbrite app and check in with your phone once you've reached the event and avoid the lines
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. ~ Wayne Dyer
lol cool!!:D
That's our little lady! RT : Perfect. Raining this morning Grace said Chicago is crying cuz they know they're gonna lose
LEBRON didn't just turn the ball over?!!!!!!!!!
Yes lol I was!
Just found out that I get to rescue a flamepoint Siamese on Sunday! Cedric the cat needs a friend.
Happy Easter. Im off to Canada!
next year will be back in the Super Bowl!!! Doing a tap dance on the afc!!!
My biggest worry about the super moon is all those super werewolves.
I don't have any free time ever. I'm a kid I wanna have fun.
Thank you so much! :) Unfortunately, I've tried contacting ALL of those organizations and never received any replies :(
watching the same epilepsy inducing music video over and over while studying for french. brilliant idea? i think so.
Wow the less I drink the less fun it is when I do, fun but not worth the headache lol back to work, Orale a chingarle
Never walk in the footsteps of others, or you won’t leave any of your own.
I am trying to figure out the best way to promote my store on Zazzle. I am just now getting it started with my art designs.
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a #FREEPIZZA! Normal messaging rates apply.
No doubt fam! Its time to take over wit da 2 greatest DMV labels! “ shout out #NKE and #WBE all day”
At work.... wondering when I can spend quality time with my favorite future sister
getting ready to hit the road for #sxsw. Austin, Tx here comes the guilt!
Give me your hand gosh dammit
2nite-Plug In & Win a trip to London to see Hard Rock Calling 3-day festival. Register at the door-Free live music w/The Hawkeyes.
love the knife! Great song! Thanks for playing it!
From L.A.! Before we lived in NYC. Now we live in beverly hills. I miss NYC & ma friends. :'(
3-21 huh Kobe best player in the league? I think not!!!
Now let's get him in a #Wild jersey. #ImComingHome MT Zach Parise is back to full speed. Best on ice.
If CA had kept 30% of production jobs lost in the last 14 years, we wouldn't have a budget deficit today. - Bring Hollywood Home Foundation
Car wash time with !!!!
Will it ever stop raining? We have fenders if you need them!
yes. very very yum. red leaf lettuce. thinking about you today. Looking forward to Immersion. Plans all set.
a cop standing in the road flagged us down and the fool in front of me stopped! one cop busted 5 cars with the wave of a hand!
yeah on my way to work
“Trust in Me, Your Lord, with all your heart; and lean not on your own understanding.” - Proverbs 3:5
Jessica Sanchez just did the best cover of Whitney's "I Will Always Love You" EVER on American Idol !!! One of the best singers ever on AI.
u good ?........dont insult me like that joe.....i aint one of dem lame,ass niggas at yo school...save dat for dem
loving student tickets. Seeing Dutoit conduct twice next week!
#incaseyoudidntknow.. I love you. More than anything and more than anyone ever will.
Samuel Jackson needs to let me know what trick he used, to get Siri to work on his iPhone, b/c Siri has never worked on mine!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
thank you for blessing me with the opportunity to seduce another poor convert and celebrate this devilish moment once again
There's no wifi....? Ok c'mon I gotta be getting punk'd ?
does that mean you take scooby very seriously? Because he starts every word with an "r"
Feeling pretty amped! Get amped up!! woo!
Patsy, thrilling eloquence
Someone needs to tell that I tweet a lot and she is going to have to get use to it if she follows me ;)
After the first period, both the and Oklahoma City are scoreless. Live from the AT&T Center(:
Making myself fat with pizza in celebration of the NY Rangers advancing to the ECF. #LetsGoRangers!
must be the same annoying one I heard earlier
I used to hate going to school in the rain. Now I hate going to work in the rain. Lol
Always good to get that 1st match under my belt: play lousy, yell and scream, throw my racquet a few times. And now I can barely walk. :-)
Free shuttle to all MU and UWM home basketball games. This Saturday also running a shuttle to the Admirals game. Meet
Your life works to the degree you keep your agreements. -Werner Erhardt
Sore as Fuck coming bck from the gym a few minutes ago wit the bro' , this niqka needs to get me the vicks ASAP for mah legs!
when you have a nice hot shower after a long day
With Circle of Sorcerers ready to go to the editor, time to finish up the #Zombie series: A World Forsaken
need some medicine asap
Warming lasagna should take precedence over all those tasks.
RT Bored as FUCK!!! tear up the town;)
I'll be honest. I don't understand the allure of tablets. They're like crossover vehicles.
Smartphones are useful.
so so true!!!
RT : Monday at #LTNY was extremely productive! Uncovered some new vendors for the #DCIG #eDSG #eDiscovery #ECA Buyers Guide
Yakov in. Jeff off.
Itchin' to see dirt. Home Depot is stocking garden supplies. Just need one more good thaw...
A little tipsy there lol
saw you on stage today
Gio was number 8 today on top 10! add it to the list!
haha i gotcha, that is too funny!
Yeah, i learned at track today im not a fast runner...
Newman family double feature tonight, w/ Modern Times (Alfred, 1936) and The Player (Thomas, 1992) - inspiration abounds.
Now learning how #drupal can power facebook apps, shots!
I'm sure you would love it!!! 12MP stills with backside illuminated CMOS sensor as well as 1080/60. Good stuff
no. I'm never blacked out from games. I get Fox sports Florida on TV. But you can use it for nationally televised game blackout
so we're back to DWTS? (Jane Fonda, et al - lol) Yes, I liked They shoot horses. Just watched Maria Menounos dance, Great Tango
Nice! I look forward to your tweets :)
Making someone a priority when they only make you an option gets really old fast.
#VMA You never cease to amaze us.
We'll interrogate data (search logs) not people; hope we'll learn what terms are used to access museum records, which works, etc
Why is it that Halloween candy is enjoyable through November but nibbling on Swedish Fish "eggs" just 3 days after Easter feels kinda wrong?
Had a blessed workout with Salim. Can't wait till tomorrow
I'm at the Celebrating Mom! Craft and Vendor Show until 3pm at Ashton Place, 341 75th Street, Willowbrook, IL. Stop by and check it out!
when u going
Wow, just learning about the devastation in Vermont and New York. That is so terrible. My thoughts are with them.
that's good!
His challenge at the 1/2 yard line was a total momentum killer, QB sneak would work if you run up quick, they knew it
Hmmph, maybe?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> Yes! Of course we must!!!!
Exactly. The reliability of political polling.
Brand New.
Sorry for the friends retweets, I just really love that show
Excited to see you again today. Feel like we could talk for hours comparing our libraries/schools.
Search terms that led people to #ThePublicProfessor website today:racing speeding radar; suzanne sommers; man v food oyster challenge; party
I need to travel somewhere! It's killing me! Even if I go to Wisconsin or something I just need to get away.
Looking forward to checking out your other non-zombie adventures, films & more photography from big bald head.
obsessed with one direction (:
Good day Church with grandma and aunt. Saw musical. Surprised with haci and a cake.
FOLLOW MY BRO FOR THE BEST BEATZ EVA GET YA WEIGHT UP FELLAZ FOLLOW HIM NOW !
Drinking the gatorade that I found yesterday... At the bottom of the pool! #freegatorde!
I only have one grade up right now and it's an a. It can only go downhill from here
- Great news Oscar. It's one day at a time.
Enjoying lunch & missing
May 17 at 3PM ET Twitter Chat Hashtag: #NextGenLearn next-generation computing devices and anytime, anywhere learning in K-12 education.
Allergies. Same shit. Different day.
48 Hour #isagenix cleanse this week. Bring it on!
My best friend knows me too well, brought me a flask full of captain to my bday dinner <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
It's alright. =) It was time-consuming but I had fun making it
today i felt like a first grader again when was told to go sit in the hall
I feel like i should be hanging out with my mom today...
So clowning! RT : this #what2chainzwouldsay TT has had me dying all day...
Nice work on NM style yesterday!
Pumped show tommorow !
hmm so did I.
Work on Tuesdays is so relaxing, I actually work on maybe 1 or 2 clients at a time....
Amen. I like it when we are all rock stars together. Like Woodstock, but not naked and muddy and stuff.
what are you talking about? You don't need luck. You're Joel-freaking-Goodloe.
thats gonna be me some day...and my name is Ben too :)
I'm not gonna be home for a while. Gonna have to get ahold of
Going to Google Earth just to see your house
I did not think it was possible to fall more in love with you but the video proved me wrong! great stuff!
Again, it might have been changed in the Random House pb release. That's something an editor should have done, at least...
Best sale of the year. W.yeldahgoods.com. everything less than 10 bucks!
Aw is tlkinjg to jasminators! :D
Lakers got whipped by the heat. :( good hustle Kobe. Now time to do some rx3 carb research.
Who's excited that Starbucks has brought back the Pumpkin Spice Latte? Fall is definitely almost here!
Thank you Doug Gottlieb for finally saying the #Badgers are an underrated team in the #sweet16! Can't wait for tomorrow night, #Go Badgers!
just came home from #Balboa #Park....hehehe!
Looking forward to seeing you gentlemen this morning at the #GAAR Annual Meeting.
im trying to figure out how to do this thing still.. sheesh.
Your giant-giant ceramic cat is incredible, but please don't use it as a not-for-sale ploy to lure me into your yard of sales.
We are picking our contest winners now! We will announce the winners soon!
The TNLP guys are about to interview Brent Barry. Any questions?
Btw! For those of you with iphones, itouches, pr ipads NEED to download Draw Something!!! So fun! Username: lyrensiren
got my tan lines back :)))
Omg. Wtf have I gotten myself into
see monster trade of nene going down?
Aw, the husband made me a Valentine's Day card for me to find. Made me cry a bit.
ilove you more
When my parents call me, I automatically think of all the bad things I've done recently.
RT : Our ten year long term impact plan will be announced within an hour!
oh we shall :)
Great presentation for Big Brothers Big Sisters in San Diego at #SLA2012 #SLA12. Huge group here. Find a way to get involved and give.back
Going to have the best day ever today. Greatness comes from within.
Thanks for checking us out!
Tony Parker has 27 points and Tim Duncan has 17. The Spurs beat the Jazz 102-90 to take a 3-0 lead in the series.
You're right, Tego. Folks do luv #drama. Lot of other players got #power, too.
not too big. About 3 inches from leg to leg
Schamp: This problem is not specifically this board's fault.
RT : Q2 What is difference btw Achievement Gap and Passion Gap
R.I.P. Bert Schneider
Wishing all religiously inclined who look to heavens for spiritual solace happy festivities
I think they're using "talent" in the "hey, I'm a creeper" sense.
Listening to Cousin Brucie on SiriusXM. He is a class act.
Support Unity Day tomorrow. Wear your orange! Put and End to bullying.
Goin to bed listeing to my favorite song of TVD #florence and the machine-Never Let Me Go
she died by his hand twice
I need to go to another concert like NOW UGH
"Like resignation to the end. Always the end"
Threatened but not actually shot.
he's swimming... YES!
that's because big money corporations do not care about people. They are only concerned with shareholders and stock prices.
I hope all of you moms out there have a lovely day tomorrow and feel cherished and appreciated all year long!
Considering that I have to leave this house at the god-forsaken hour of five in the morning, I should probably go to bed...
Thanks for hanging with me at the end of the night. Youre a trip...
I Live 1 Hour Away From There:)) Bakersfield, Cali!!
I'm glad the ballroom filled up. For a while there poor looked so lonely.
Woke up with the fragile rock theme in my head... Wipe your cares away... Down at fragile rock!
Everyday is feeling like a routine. Same hustle & same grind.
Our Broward launch issue is almost full, Call Today to Advertise!!!! 305-238-2973 or contact:
is it even possible to hate you??(:
Another great day at #360365-starting off with kids shorts, Gone to Earth, followed by "Conversation w/ Julie Taymor & Jack Garner
do people say that?
sweetheart, you're still ugly & have no friends.
I always feel terrible when my sisters are upset, I feel like I should do something to help, but I don't know what. /:
Red hair/Red tie:Another clue Hey 40 y/o white guys,don't tuck your polo into your dad jeans. Makes you look like a serial killer
(2/2) s, I would love to surprise him. He deserves it.
Also known as the
Why can't it be Friday Yet!!!!!
And as far as you let us!
haha of course I do (:
My dad liked to say, "Our economy is a lot like this family. It's weak and full of very angry people." Dad was kind of an asshole.
Follow me! Is an Hot account related to Porn!;P
the same ppl as usual Big D said he was tryna hoop at the AC tho
and don't fake that u love cause everyone knows it fake jerk no is jealous and u know what if u call your fans b words u ri
Wow...this night is dragging on. So sleepy...wish I wasn't at work
Omg the littler mermaid is so inappriate #arrielle did u know that in the book she dies
NEWS FLASH! just booked another slot on March 31st at 9:30pm. www.inrareformcomedy.com for more deets.
Watson will change our future forever. Amazing work IBM
I am doing very good. Just trying to keep cool. It's a hot one today, and stay inside too. NATO junk this weekend.
*in best William Shatner voice* Oh, nothing, at, all, my, friend ;-)
Can't stand lies, and especially cannot stand obvious lying.
Since I'm up I'm bout to have a lil talk with GOD
My good mate Adrian and I had golden times back in our music class last year lol
RT : Heat Index around 100 degress - High HEAT ADVISORY in DC - DC F&EMS call volume is moderate to heavy - DC Hospitals are busy
Let's rock it: tonite 8p The Comedy Store (Main Room) for a fundraiser show-proceeds go to suicide prevention
#JoeyDiamondFact "secret" was that he has a Shakeweight ;)
Pierce Brosnan joining The Coup
The first interracial kiss on network television was on an episode of Star Trek in 1968- InSpotter app
The Ghosts of
Totally not work... Never making any money because you spend it all. {sigh} I still love it. cc:
will let Adam Smith's invisible hand molest your children.
RT - Chelsea and New England Patriots today. Tough assignments for the Patriots trip to the 2 and 1 Raiders, I don't...
Who gave Beastie Boys a License to Ill?? The rhymes hit my ear like a Brass Monkey & the beats wouldn't let me Sleep Till Brooklyn!
i think i might have to see this queen latifah/ dolly parton movie.
uh oh what happened?
Preparing to teach the first two episodes of #Ulysses tomorrow, then off to Buffalo for
OMG its snowing!!!
Great! Have fun! RT : Last minute changes: I'm pulling out the razzle dazzle & covering the #HHAwards tonight 4 !
Today is the last day to order your #FactoryOfSadness t-shirt to recieve your order by 12/25!
wow, #ManCITY...WHAT A COMEBACK!
yeah I will now :)
FOLLOW DA HOTTEST NIGGA IN DA GAME ON DA TRACKS !!!! LETS GO!!!
Thanks for the nice words (blush). When do you head to New Zealand? I'm back in SanFran mid-January; maybe catch up?
Looks great! Is that a second bass drum off to the right?
76ers better beat the celtics tonight <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
If you want to learn about GarageBand for iOS and get some free Apple swag, you should come by the bookstore during free hour!
While listening 2 Obama speech (just pick 1), take a sip of wine every time he says "I" & U'll be drunk by the time he finishes.
!! When do you get back/defrost?
30 minutes of break goes by so quick. 30 minutes of work does not. -.-
Had to educate myself on BB Creams just now. I swear I saw 50 commericals for different brands this weekend. Will have to try it out....
I sing, their song #LikeWhoa, in my wii, (Sing It) i saw your sweet sixteen party yesterday on MTV ;)
would you say they are de-rezzing it?
A different sort of festival mood in NY tonight RT Gorgeous joyous day capped by cops beating and mass arresting people
Don't be stuck up.
thanks Mike! Same to you! Know MK well! Had many a good night there in the new city!
Yo can you pls play Where Have You Been by Rihanna?
Babysitting is a real challenge..
Recorded it? Like on VHS? :') All old skool style! I wanna see your list, I wanna see, I wanna see! :D Wickity Wild!
I gothu bay ;)
its not you..FB is acting up again.... and can't log on either right now..
On the Couch watching #GameofThrones with
Happy birthday thanks for the (I had the carrot)
I didn't get in trouble.
Hahaha I love yawl.. ;)
LAWD WHY DA DEVIL KEEP TRYNA STEAL MY JOY?
Tired... Gonna watch Scrubs and be a lazy bum.
Only thing about Joyner is size. Which is bs cause he is a monster regardless of size
Happy Valentine's Day! Today we announce the availability of creative arts therapies for patients of UMDNJ-University Hospital
#TrueBlood - "I wanna do bad things to you."
Thanks for the congrats, good lady! :D
nO *LAUGHS* i like u
RT : Entitlement shouldnt be viewed as solely negative, it has its positive moments
in the words of max mosely ive had a hectic few days but i can assure you its got nothing to do with nazis
Countdown to graduation is ON!!
Only 2.5 more weeks! but whose counting right?
Just got a beautiful surprise, a bouquet of roses.
:-p Aren't you supposed to be appearing for spontaneous lunch again soon?
what about this delay? If they can call it on Hextall in 87 playoffs they can call it now - yeay for some consistency from refs
awwh & babygap have such cute jeans. I lived how they looked on madison. Jacob is already 12lbs.
BEDROOM SET $ 795.- Q bed+Dresser+Mirror+1 n/stand EVERTHING MUST GO !!! up to 65% of!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Proud To Be On Team Bieber
i wanna visit england so bad.
might be listening to ION Interactive webinar about "Post-Click Seo for Greater Online Marketing ROI".
I love Taylor :)
lmao, oh i get it :)
Wow, , your wait music is making my ears bleed.
Decent spot. RT : LB Emmanuel Acho drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the 6th round of the 2012 NFL Draft.
!!,RT I HAVE NO ROOM FOR FAILURE.......I HAVE NO ROOM FOR BS ....I ONLY GOT ROOM FOR SUCCESS
me either! But im happy i got tickets!!!!:D
Just promoted to shift supervisor at starbucks and I have my place rented out! Let the cash start coming in!
I treat every night like I run with the owls
Headset for home, office, mobile or combo?
I thought Dwight was going to travel there
Man I'm passing out. Good night lovers
I do too!
I think my eyes are deceiving me. I just read that is coming to Des Moines. Maybe i need glasses. Surely i didn't see that..
Happy Valentine's Day from Tess Kirsch Acting!<3
Only a handful of tickets left for , sponsored by Starbucks and 5-Hour Energy. Yawngazer!
lol, i'm so excited to be working with you again!!
Well that sucks! We can still do Cedar Point though :)
where are people watching the Rugby 6 nations in the Los Angeles area???
Wayy too hot for a run
Food Fact of the Day: May 17, 1985 Record Chinook salmon, caught with rod and reel weighed over 97 pounds and was in Alaska.
nice. Let me know if you ever need some advice, one of my favorite clients is an ENT dr at children's! He's awesome!
That was u I saw playing in the grass earlier! STOP THAT. Lol Glad u found ur keys. :)
Give it up for the #Minnesota girl - #TeamJordis has got some pipes!
wth goin on with this vid of a lady doing a horse on fb
omg. yalls tweets just made me cry.
“: Happy Mother day! Hope u enjoy.” Awe thank you hun !!!!
I'm scared. Just read my horoscope, and it said "duck."
Thank you work for giving me an hour to get to my house from school, change, eat and some how magically make it on time.... O.o
love to hear it! Anna's Merlot is my favorite new red wine on the list
Can't believe it's May already!?! Hmph.
well I guess it all "depends"
oh I know but again if u read my tweet it said "after" you lol now I know all females round here da same
keep from going under by mase and puffdaddy
Lol, I'm referring to females
Every day is Mother's Day to me. I am so grateful to have a loving, caring, non-psycho loving mother. Mum wins "best mum award" each year!
“: Tornado hit just north of home. We are safe. Another round on its way.” where did it hit?
you're not brycurious?
Welcome to APCO! is tops in my book
no. Because u wont get under a squat rack
The best way to appreciate something is to be without it for awhile.
Out of skewl in the studio. Nothing really to do but listen to Instrumentals.
Feels like my whole world is falling apart and no one to talk to...
RT : Someone text me :)
So Honduras, Mexico thru to Olympics from CONCACAF. Worth noting: Their managers have 10+ years of pro experience. One coached a World Cup.
Preperation h wants to thank for steady buisness
Wish I was at home chillin watching out the window . Sipping on my coffee. But reality check , money
You have to pronounce "bones" as two syllables to make the rhyme work, but it's funnier that way.
jst got my hair braided and it hurts :-(((
Home from school
RT : Triple culture day! w/Totó la Momposina and M. Ward later!
Janis is driving now by the way. Not texting and driving on no sleep
please go follow shes amazing:)
Did you Know... Americans use 85,000,000 tons of paper a year; about 680 pounds per person.
INVASION getting ready to pitch a new TV Show!!!
Obvious Malfunction At Corporate.
2 extra days of Christmas break
I wish! I'm actually packing up a storm-- moving this weekend AND working three full shifts. YIKES.
There are two kinds of #yards which we can differentiate in every home
Neither are my ears ; )
Let Boston Know how it works out!
Just watched the Kony 2012 movie. Great job guys. Very funny. Keep up the good work.
Thx 4 all of your retweets favorites and mentions !
When ACA passed, someone joked we should just ask Anthony Kennedy what he thinks right now and get it over with. And here we are.
Sure--loss of vision, innovation, & beauty. Like yr show said, not easy to track, though. Invisible. So people don't care.
I hope so :) RT : OKC gone win it all mane.
China slowdown is just a blip It was inevitable, right? China was too hot not to cool down. And this country's once-torrid auto market, w
that had to be a comedian using sarcasm
Get Ready world the will premiere our teaser! S/O to &
hey we got to set up a day for our staff to go on your Pedal Tavern!
When I was a kid, people used to say "You can buy any Elektra record. Everything on Elektra Records is good." -->
Meatloaf? ZING. Seriously, though, just make a Pandora station based on The XX.
i need wendys
Pretty sure med school is teaching my gf how to human centipede....
Congratulations and Crush Management! Job well done today, many thanks for the support and overall success for #NYFamilyDay!
": If two people are meant to be together, they will eventually find their ways back into eachothers arms, no matter what."
I'm thinking I might need to know your mom. Is she a soccer-head, too? Have her check us out
naw I like Pusey
Our Divine Lord said to St. Mechtilde: When you awake in the morning, let your first act be to salute My Heart, and to offer Me your own.
Thanks for all the love on my Birthday!!!
Where are we on rain delay status? This works out great since I can't watch the game at the moment.
nope im gettin tomorrow
“: "Bacon wrapped shrimp... That's my #1 favorite food wrapped around my #3 favorite food." - Ron Swanson”
Thanks! That seems to be the current favorite amongst us as well.
it's the price I was willing to pay.
Are u guys ready for the christian party of the year for more info 30502007249
lucky i can't even move to pee
The Rapture is this weekend? I should have a party.
Apple targets Instagram and Facebook by including new photo-sharing and video features for iOS 6
Aww my followers haven't budged <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Feels like I've been carrying barrels of hooch. Back is still hurting.
Come swim sometime. RT : I want 's pink pool.
I am a bohemian in my heart & genes, but I don't often show it.
A double murder suspect busted at the Canadian border is now back in the Bay State
And we loved the green team!
God asks no man whether he'll accept life. That is not the choice. You need to take it. The only question is how.
Haha keep drawing! ur good at it and yep good ol netflix
one map has measles, the other has a rash? -- Though really - nice work
Had fun rocking out with Awake! Awake! and Between The Trees last night at 527! :-)
one of you should bring me some candy!!
well played
My legs hurt..
um one word: Braces
yeah :) hangout soon??
so what's up?:)
Relevant info that can help you in the next big storm. & team up to find out if the cities is #stormready. Starts tomorrow.
There is something creepy in my apartment or I've entirely lost all of my sane mind. Hoping for the latter.
nope ;p
afternoon man, have a great day!
#overthesummer I forgot the boy who doesn't care about me
They are coming 2 ft.Wanye Ind I told them I knew you& asked for free tickets they said I'd have to pay double .
sorry I though they where chocolate buttons
don't lie. You liked you are welcome
#mysuperpower is environmentally sustainable print jobs; that will successfully impact your market.
Non-traditional Miso soup with jalapenos...and mesclun salad with chicken. Then...a long nap!
you did see #confessiontime is trending...? ;) Remember, lycopene in tomatoes is good for you.
": Not included in my Indiana hate are..." my inlaws live there but its OK for you to hate them
Fine. I trust you... Don't let me down.
sweet photo!
who whispered?
oh no the fuck you're not.
away from smacking her across the face with my math book. but then I was like, "be calm. the Boyz wouldn't like this." so I sat down and
We are living in a world today where lemonade is made from artificial flavors and furniture polish is made from real lemons.
Just wow. Terrible game winner, :29 to go.
Is twitter officially ready to explode?
Thanks for the RT! Happy Friday!
Officially found my dream job! #WGSN probs switching to business with 2 minors now, Journalism and apparel!
Welcome to our friends over
Got two iPads, one online and one at the #sxsw popup store. Just needed one so I used eBay. Buyer paid $160 more of what I paid!
215k in the $$$ of west palm main.
‘Abdu'l-Bahá is giving a second talk at the LaSalle Hotel.
We must take a stand at this critical moment and seize the opportunity to make a CHANGE. DISTRICT 2, This is Our time! I hope you all...
Hope everyone is having a fabulous day!!
hahhah wow, coolest story i ever heard!!! <U+E420><U+E00E>
That looks really interesting. keeping an eye out for that.
didn't see this till now. I didn't know you were a mountain biker? We hit up some trails over by Menomonee River Parkway.
Join us for a community celebration of the State Center Economic Inclusion Plan on Sat July 9 at 11:00am Eutaw &MLK.
True. But you can walk between Gallery Place and Metro Center faster no matter what it costs.
either is fine your eyes transcend the frames.
is live
i kno but i aint never seen it so i cant believe it. We gotta get into some shit together. Its time since we arent coworkers now
Have you found a hotel yet? We'd love to have you stay with us. We are directly across the street from the convention center.
totes agree.
I'd like to attend/work at SXSW. I am a trained monkey in trade showing - I can stand and talk for hours. Msg me if you'd like to hire me.
It dont make sense if it dont make money .
#GameofThrones Let's go. Maybe I'll even finish the 4th book tonight too...
After tomorrows Bootcamp don't forget to hang around and go through the foam rolling class!
I will follow :D
New Benny today at the Ballpark!Del Mar Lump crab,asparagus,lemon vin on a corn griddle cake,eggs,cream cheese hollandaise & romesco sauce!!
I endorsed April Jackson on , "your professional profile on Facebook"
Great question re: cats in tubs! What's the deal?
Should have gone lefty sooner. Apparently shoulder pain doesn't vanish if you just ignore it. Who knew?! Baristas & pitchers. That's who.
ant let em take u out ur element RT : #Libras won't water down their classy nurture for your trashy demeanor. Class > Trash.
Lol waiting for it bro “: yall got degrees. av= last of a dying breed. Come may, they gone be be yelling”
Thanks for the RTs, mentions!
to help avoid muscle injuries, start slowly and gradually increase intensity within your workout
join guard.
Reprts of broadcast news demise are greatly exaggeratd. Web is supplemnt 2 broadcast #Ifill Creates transparency, not competition
I agree with Zak. I feel there's so much more to lose by _not_ taking a stand.
Are you guys working at La Fitness Expo? I'll be at Vitargo Sun
": Guy just kicked a ball from the pitch OVER THE ROOF at Yeah, He kicked it OVER THE ROOF." WOW! WOW! WOW!
After ONE GAME, too.
This is the official start of the #BobKnighted movement
OH: Legalize pot and our economy will BEAST
Naw not this weekend, in a couple weeks I will be. Are you?
ThMrUKno:”The Bible is a divine comedy in both the high and the low sense of the word comedy.” (Jack Miles) Yep to that.
9a should not be sleeping in for me
no he wasnt. he did a lot
I want to make sure that you 2 are talking, there is some good synergy there...
somebody got too tell the truth
Lol okay enough. I'm sure non of y'all care. But I'm just so whiny today, gosh
Where do I send my application to be part of Christopher Plummer's "Agents Provocateurs"? Because I'm guessing that's a pretty sweet gig.
Whew! I'm glad to hea---z
I'm truly impressed.
Hey!!!! Champagne & Chickenheadz!!
I carry my TAP card in my wallet because I unapologetically love Los Angeles.
The boss says we have to give the date & time of our GIVEAWAY! So WE WILL BE DOING A #GIVEAWAY tomorrow at 1pm EST LOOK FOR OUR TWEET TO RT!
im ready for wrestling...
Stiglitz interview, (..reminded of 1950s saying from where? Money is like manure - you have to spread it around.)
Beauty is the greatest seducer of man ~ Paulo Coelho
Haha it just has a small list of some people's tweets under his tweet and I'm one of them!
I hate when people don't answer their Dang phones!
Just wanna go home! I hate work lol
lmao yeas I was looking at this pic the other day hahahahaha
Well that was pretty cool.
Make DIPTHONG!! The word of the day ;) for tmar
Me too, which prob means we are only seeing HUGE companies and those that spend on SEO
thanks for the #ff! you too.
Going 2 sleep now, gotta make dis early money tomorrow
Damn my dad is so smart :p
Wait when Cindy says birthday card...which one was she talking about
Thank you for following Singing Stone Gallery & Studio in Ybor City Tampa, Florida. Visit our website at SingingStoneOnline.Com or Facebook.
Just had to let it out.
that'd be great! Just let us know!
Gonna have my babygurl today,goin downtown
*psst* A vote for LaFollette is a vote for Barrett. Sorry. Love the guy, but he's not going to be in the running.
Ok so what apps shod I get with my new IPhone?
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 93
Looking forward to this Sat. w/ our new keyboardist, Rob! Sorry, this is a private event, but come see him at our Money Plays, gig July 9th
Also, eBook PDF we provide displays perfectly on smartphone screen! Great companion to (not replacement for) physical book.
first day living on the east side and finding parking makes me want to kill myself already.
that's a true statement!
You guys are idiots if you think that was really the senior prank.. Lol
thanks so much for coming! xo
Having one of those L A Z Y days.
I've seen friends turn haters...
My orthodontist is a sadist!
i want em!
ME YOU AND <3
Went to the Grammy Museum for music of the 50s to 70s in LA & FIDM to see costumes from this year's movies. (Clothes from Thor are amazing)
What is YOUR spring cleaning? Are you ready to let go? "Spring Fling" yoga workshop this SUN 4/15, 1:30-3:30, $25
Rest of jazz band at #kchonors is Jimmy Heath,Benny Golson,Joe Lovano,Ravi Coltrane and Roy Hargrove. Yeah, I'd say that's a solid band!
At any given moment you the power to say: "This is not how the story is going to end...''
I want this dress so bad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> but I have no occasion to wear it to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
On twitter on the iPad it's so cool lollx
Echoed from The Irish Inn at Glen Echo via : Nothing like a mid day black and tan
From a NYT article: "(Mr. Waters’s Provincetown home was five blocks from Mailer’s.)"
I like how people act surprised about the Wall St. Journal news on the P&L District. I've been writing about it for years. The Pitch, too.
that is you. All the way.
can you text me?? (:
I know but j found a bigger area :)
not with any management at the moment
Happy birthday to a wonderful Samaritan Ministry friend and volunteer, Bill Flanders!
awww!! Congrats Chaz! That's so cute!!! Lol... Even though you don't know who I am lol
my ass starts shaking when my depends get full
A painting in a museum hears more ridiculous opinions than anything else in the world.- Edmond de Goncourt
and even though we won't be using any of her eggs, she would be thrilled to know I'm going through with this
#howtopleaseahoodrat white guy talking black
RT We are giving away 32GB Zune HDs tomorrow at 12pm PDT. You must be following to #WinWin7, so follow now and RT it!
Ernie Grunfeld reportedly coming back...wow, didn't see that coming AT ALL
I hear ya
All those schools that werent there for 16 hours probably saw the exhausted cp kids and thought we couldn't hang
Tired. starting another 48 tomorrow hope everyone has fun and stays safe this weekend
oh is that what facial hair is for? I thought it was the accident of being lazy...tomato potato I guess
Exceptional readings by Joy Castro, Ann Fisher-Wirth, and Michael Kardos this afternoon.
Great team meeting tonight!
It's a Hot one Today !
Be Tight and Follow me!(: #YounggMoney<3
what you flipping?
Getting ready to head to Rural Retreat, VA!!! So stoked!!
driving to iowa hey! just passed northern illinois university
WOW! How dumb are we? What's wrong with people and their #AWFUL English on #Twitter? Do they realize how unintelligent they sound?
Happy Birthday <3
1 more week I will finish this internship, then I will have two weeks to enjoy summer before school starts! this is the busiest summer ever
I wished weekends were long weeks were shorter
On Fox News right now: "This is crazeh, why is ta governmaynt tryna tax my soda n beer?!" Because of 300 pound obese f***s like you.
The gotye skit was amazing
If u r what u eat, what r u now? What change can u make to be a better u?
yes so true
you're a GREAT cheerleader! Thanks for all the shout outs :)
Oh cool! It was so much fun, just have a lot of energy and positive attitude. That's the key, you'll have a blast!
Always glad to see the work of one of our researchers highlighted, since most know SI for exhibits, not research.
Driving by myself and can't help but laugh out loud while listening to So funny.
S/O to TOPFLIGHT!! Yall did the damn thang tonight!! I love my TOPFLIGHT fam!!!
Speaking of which, I wasn't called on before the conference call ended, supposedly "with no questions left." I smell conspiracy!
The crazy apple does not fall far from the crazy apple tree.
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW I SENT YU PLEASE XO
I just ate a whole bunch of candy.
The interactive #worldcom instant polling tool is really cool!
Me and My manager had a Smokin' time at the casino and at Fight Night! Thanks
I've moved to Denver, the Mile High City, does that mean I'm a member of The Mile High Club?
Inspirational moment from KCMinistry, "And in all things,whatsoever u shall ask in PRAYER, believing, u shall RECEIVE it"..Matt21:22
Watched GANDHI for the first time. It has everything I hate about biopics and everything I love about epics rolled together. Conflicted.
Everyone else should envy you right now.
Guess I should announce myself whenever I come over house lol she called me a creeper one too many times
6. When you see the Someday display, go and talk to the cutout like a normal person. Then hug it.
what is dm
Nick or Madison
Love yourself today. :)
The worst pain a parent could ever imagine; to loose a child.
depends on schedule at work!
diggin the kicks rotation
Whatsup with that hurling article!
Stress & suck must go away! You've got a book to read, after all. The world must acknowledge your priorities.
Get a walk-up ticket for tonight's The Grimacchio Hour for $5 with password "Use the Field, Luke!"
There truly is no place like home!
how early are you guys planning on getting to school tomorrow?
today? In in Portland, Ore. for a coffee conference. Would love to make a drink for both of you soon! Stop by next Sat.
Hump day
sometimes it's tough being the smartest person in the room. knows what I'm talking about.
Being a father to my family and a husband is to me much more important than what I did in the business.
and ya we have more songs than when you saw us at our 1st show.. just wrote one a week ago and we love it! come out soon :p
you are welcome anytime
How does that taste, Konrad?
Mistake tweet
haha nothing much except today was my last Friday of school for this year..(:
haha ok u tell him tht. Ill stand behind u and listen
. Ms.kellog's class
"Only the best Follower can Lead" Richard M. Killian
Will kids be attending a summer camp or stay at home with you?
lol its cradle robber awww u are a baby :)
but doesnt knowing you look good = confidence?
soul mates, y/y?
No doubt. Thought there'd be a 12-5 upset between Bone Thugs and Eminem. Surprised to see I was wrong.
Having the smell of you on me when I go home :)
You work third shift, huh? In that case: good morning@
HAHAHAH AWWW! :) well really guys plzz follow! <<<<<<< and thanks!
A eagle can't fly around a bunch of turkeys which one are you.
Bookmobiles are NOT running today. Sorry folks!
Merry Christmas Eve!! In need of a tasty beer? We're open today from noon-6 pm... So come see us:)
fucking funny - i read recently that cursing is an alpha move, which makes sense as many bosses like to say shit
That awkward eye contact with somebody who used to mean the world to you
doing well…enjoying MD I see? go Caps! hah
Happy Friday! Thanks for the Friends #FF mention! Have a great weekend!
#Lexusparty at #motorcity was absolutely fabulous. Props !
Go Louisville, go bebe!!
would you have made those kind of throws?
is there another service to use like PP that isn't PP?
I forgot I wanted to get the logo on the back cover of the mix tape. I been so busy with stuff man. Damn! I'll put it on the side
hopes newsroom decision makers soon put the kibosh on Casey Anthony coverage.
Well wishes to my opposition...
I want a female thats a freak in the sheets gimmi yo all!
Our next Undergrad Term (8 weeks) beings on Monday! With our online model, students still have time to enroll! 1-617-603-6942
I would love to own one of these
At some point..we gotta me me happy too..
Happy valentines Day tweepsters!
3 more hours until the show...CBS 48 Hrs Mystery: Facebook Detectives...don't miss it!
Out in #harrisburg 4 a few more hrs
See you today at 1pm for TempleFest. Learn more about SCT Study Away programs! You can find Lezlie & Toya on deck waiting to chat with you.
Thanks much for the RT's. Hope you have a fab weekend. Should be lots better for biking than last Sunday was!!! :)
I ended up at Ardeo. Rabbit bolognese. Love Beck too!
Don't worry, we'll be sending you an e-mail in a month to make sure you were sure about unsubscribing!
Thanks for the #follow Tatiyana :)
Sure--always happy to share our #CCSS plan and resources.
a fellow software vampire. We work at night. Bwaahaahaa! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080>
I NEED SLEEP >:O
That's awesome!!!
(shrug) Bernardine Dohrn and Bill Ayers were all about black people murdering whites. It's nothing new for libs.
I hear ya girl. About to go get me some coffee to make this countdown
I get a warm fuzzy feeling every time I cross Keehner Ave in Roseville. It's part of my family's history.
idk family from NY r coming
thank you Maria!
REHEARSAL WAS GREAT TONIGHT!!!
Deal! I have to finish the new Radio Enso site & at least START building a new photo site, which is LONG overdue!
u're welcome :)
What song is stuck in your head today?
Guilty... I bought another box and already finished the other one yesterday :( #toogood haha
I c u
I feel like I'm at the kkids choice awards with the flying blimp
Rewatching this year's show.
that moment when this bitch starts laughing at an inside joke u have w/ ur friends and she doesnt even kno wat it means #hellnobitch xP
Watching the #Blackhawks game tonight? Stop in and enjoy 3-For-1 drinks with your Redeem w/ or me.
Maurice Sendak is with the the wild things.
go J!
Under 187.5 New Orleans vs Portland. Not the Under in Denver & again I'm final in the NBA. Good Luck!!!
i'm speaking with Kim, who has been in contact with you. trying to get update on when line will be run
Good morning! I'm finishing off my SUBWAY breakfast. YUM! How'd you get your Friday started?
You wanna see some ass? I wanna see some cash and keep dem dollas coming and dats gon make me dance!!
lol. Kudos for marking the Bday.
"You'll always do the right thing if you think of your consumers as friends" of
King took away trial by jury: Citizens guaranteed speedy & fair trial
Apparently there's a Google News Badge for Mitt Romney, but not one for Human Rights. Hrmm.
Enjoy my sloppy seconds
Cheryl Cole is going to be on X-Factor! I'd love to get connected to her on , she seems like so much fun! :)
Today is If Pets Had Thumbs Day! If your dog had thumbs, what would he/she be able to do?
Haha! Nuthin. I have sent them a couple messages and no reply...so I figure the muted me.
To be fair, Danny Granger is as clutch a player as exists in the NBA. Tonight has been a trainwreck of epic proportions.
because the Angels are there #tooeasy?
50 Cent's Giants Bets: $500000 and a Twitter Nude Photo
HarryPotter and the Deathly Hallows part two on teveee omgg.
A big shout out and congrats to my good friends in Shovelhook in Philly for being WMMR's artist of the month!!
Jarmusz has been so key the last few minutes!
I'm so tired, all I want to do is sleep. Don't make me go to school.
he shouldn't be talking about pills period.
Any suggestions for online grammar games that would be both fun and challenging for 7th graders? Most I'm finding are for younger kids.
Happy to spread awareness!
A great Kentucky Council on Archives mtg today in Louisville today
More personal photos have been uploaded to our facebook album!
i hate it when my spoon falls into my soup and gets all dirty):
's gonna be Vex, , Geeman and the last beatsmith is still TBA. And yes, I'm on the short list!
Sorry #Capitals but the FA Cup Final beats game 4. I'll have the game on on the background.
RT “: Building trampoline! Would spend £ bringing home to assemble! #kingofselfassembly”
i guess imma take ur bank
Suprises are the best!
Lazy day trumped by the wonderous gift of a tic to the Caps game!
feeling bored. whats good with everyone?
SOMEONE BETTER RECORD THIS , THIS WOULD BE A YOLO MOMENT FOR ME. AND I NEED IT ON TAPE XHDHDIDJNEUD
watching alex on younow!!! please follow me alex ()
Good luck with that. ;-)
Sorry hun, but unlike you, I'm not a doorknob where everyone gets a turn. I'm more of a casino where only the lucky ones hit the jackpot. (;
: for once Mr. Trump and I agree.
I don't use my Kikcause I forgot my password
S/o to for that bomb ass hug after 7th hour :)
A little jet lag mixed with being up 36 hours, then being hung over... I think I just slept for 14 hours
Finally hit 100 followers!
The blog has a new look, the studio will be in a new space, the healing continues, spring is here!
I love you
Who are your top 3 go to people for #socialmedia??
Never had that much fun in a class holy shit.
Congrats Christian Bale for Oscar nod! Reminds us of our Dec tweet when we said if he didn't win the Oscar, we will leave Twitter forever!
Agreed... unfortunately....
“: and his man drip their new album tomorrow”~~~Yezzzirrrr
Wow, haven't been on here in a while! Band practices up the wazoo, in and out of the hospital. God damn!
#2012 election will be 1964 all over again. Goldwater radicals will lose big time.
I was just thinking the same thing
happy new year!! my resolution is to live in the moment and love abundantly. <3
also your story seems to have changed its description of Mack w/o noting to the reader.
hey girl hw u been
On truancy and I still came when you needed it..
I'm in motherfucking Arizona.
Running late.<<<<
I might have to stop following The Prez is totally clogging up my twitter feed.
Got myself a full belly and now ready for a nap..
Can't hate someone for looking good in heels...XD
A man just told me that Sandra Fluke deserved to be called a slut because she has enough money to pay for her own healthcare.
likewise Mr.Chase, likewise
#iPhone4 #petraeus #oilspill #summer #economystillstruggling. That'll keep you busy for at least a couple of hours.
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
RT : It is still early days for adoption with 63% saying #cloud services support less than 5% of their IT needs #interop webcast...
R.I.P (Rock In Peace) Jim MARSHALL...
#areyouseriousbro ??? Well, not most of the time but yeah, right now i am.
Had a dream where my google scholar citations total was down to 7 or so.
rearranging/redecorating my room with (;
TV Roundup: Is Jaleel White Behaving Badly Behind the Scenes of &#39;DWTS?&#39;
thanks bro good look
k u can call me tomorrow. My number should b on my Facebook page. If it isn't then let me know n I'll message my number on FB
a little birdie told us we're gettin' a new office! WOOT!
i try.
lol you think I'm sad haha!!!
I need you to pick up our dinner next.
lmfao you lost ya mind
I did. Thanks! And my coworker can't stop talking about how good his Turkey Cuban was.
LOL REESE'S PUFFS......NICK....lol he was like allison she is so annoying and im all lyk YO DAWG DAZ WHY WE HOMIES
follow her
I made my avatar ... and i think it's funny... I change every october to something pink...and other times to "fit the mood"
Hong Kong !
Well, good luck.
< that sounds kind of funny
Trying to explain to my dog why I'm sanding the deck and he still looks at me like I'm an idiot.
Thank you!! Hope your having a great day its beautiful outside!
I'll be there tonight! I'm in turn sure the weekend
Sheri Bigelow now taking the stage.
That wasn't Santa penis, it was his elves' penises. I am very disappoint. But the movie was pretty awesome.
Making lots of cool things! Can't wait to show you...
is this ur original twitter page???
Michael Vick has taken some big hits in the last 2 weeks
Bus coming in 5 minutes MY ASS . That shits bouta come in 20 more -.-
Dad is out of surgery.... NO TUMOR!!!!!!! Thank you for your thoughts and prayers!!!!
Incredible lunch! The chicken or the egg. Thank you and !
Cat & Robbie are so cute! <U+2764>
Wow, you and think alike. RT : Hands Down..... Man Down!
love ya too hun (:
just realized i ate meat on good friday ...
Tell : Don't play chicken with food safety. Drop your dangerous new poultry inspection standards!
Today's challenge: Say "you go girl!" with complete sincerity to someone deserving
Great timing! I've been cleaning out the closet today and was planning a donation trip. Thanks for keeping us in the loop.
You Too!!!
They only make it for Beers of the World.
Admit it, at least once in our life, we all tried to balance the light switch between the on and off position.
yeah truee!!! we can always decide later :)
Devs of said of Binary Battle "You've inspired innovation that wasn't otherwise happening" Thx! let's keep inspiring!
Lord Tensai of Acid
Happy Mother's Day! Love you!!!!
"Russell was... hospitalized... suffering from exhaustion, dehydration, and malnutrition" oh! so thats why he was naked and JOing in public!
hahahah love you
I like the Beatles poster in your profile picture. ;) #JohnLennon<U+2764>
The Memphis Dawls EP is ON SALE on iTunes! Grab it today! Best songs of the summer so far!
damn...well it's part of the game they got depth #BUCSNATION still taking the south
Gave away 10 CDs as Christmas gifts. Great music. Great message. Hope everyone likes them!
feeeelinnnn goo if you get what I'm sayin
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.
Bah. Amateurs. :-D Where's the fried egg and fried cheese curds? (Yes, it exists!)
Met lots of ppl @ resource fair. Parents & students excited about #craigyferg & Pacino. Purchase tix now b4 they are gone
We've got on the brain!
first of all. SO happy about your picture. second, let's do it! i want to sell as much as possible before moving next month.
This is a really funky track now up for free download enjoy this on this awesome day!...
anytime! Enjoy.
i just saw it so awsome :) yeah man
LOTS of poolside drinking and shopping.
thank you. I love you too! But If your fag partner gets there then try to come for la comida k!
That was a late post, my phone was backed up
how can I get my mixes on your smashbro show?
I'm watching the GAME
Hey, wait a minute . . . oh yeah, right.
dreamhost was down for a few hours earlier today too. I blame solar flares for our hosting woes
Nancy Broff from Dickstein Shapiro: NCES is working on a calculation measure for all of #highered to measure placement rate.
Thank you for sharing! "Gluten Free Registry app on my iPhone (shows via GPS GF in area)"
Why does everybody have to hate the lakers? What y'all mad can you thought they would be swept or lose the series? Save that hate 4 Miami
Breathe in the future, exhale out the past.
The interesting thing about Social Networks; you might get "back in touch" with old friends, that doesn't mean "they're back in your life."
middle section....i'm not going in the rafters...prolly in Roy Hibbert's section
I really do. I have a high sex drive and I like to be dirty and violent.
Its not much of a chant, she just says "Shake it LoMo!"
yeah I need to get in contact with him
Is today going to be the end of the good weather?
me being in LI, they'll think it's farmland
I rather just blow up 's Mentions with tweets instead of conplaining that he doesnt tweet me back......
it is not my birthday
twitter guys with motorcycles rock! riding behind u on a harley makes me so... um... think how do YOU feel when u ride ur bike?
We're loving your technology use. Thanks!!! Interesting play-by-play
Sounds as if she is the ultimate hat wearing chuch lady! I like how you see things!
I KNOW YOU WILL NEVER NOTICE BUT IT MAKE MY WORLD IF YOU WOULD FOLLOW TO DAY YOUR SOO AMAZING AND ADORABLE <33333333
A2. Performance support is real-time
Chubbys has $4.99 beef and chicken kabobs this week! and dont forget about their friend twinkies, oreos or snickers for only $1.99!
On verge of moving out of house and back to sweet old sf. Packing packing packing.
I won't give us on us... God knows I'm tough enough... We've got a lot to learn... God knows we're worth it!
Are you still coming up? When should we expect you?
May 1, commemorating 1886 Chicago riots after a strike for the 8 hour workday, is a national holiday in 80 countries but not the US.
It's those moments only I know about that I'm starting to regret or just hate The most. This is stupid...
Can't a young ninja get money anymore???
>>>MLM News! Ausante( New Company Listing )
Ah love it <3 I can't wait to try it out tomorrow with the other things I got!
ready for Steelers football.
you aint no bird
Hey Jay...thanks for the follow...following you too..
feb 20 cant get here fast enough! #bbw..the originals!
Bangarang. I see what you did there :)
NBC sucks.
So, SO many films I'm looking forward to this summer!
riding the J train
wat is u favorite color??
Hey tough loss tonight kid. Lebron was huge tonight in a losing effort. Good luck in the playoffs, might play red hot
Wow that would be awesome...I have to talk it over with my partner but we will definitely keep in touch!
Wow, 200 followers! Thanks for following me even though I've been crazy busy and MIA on Twitter lately.
If anyone from cheverus, cape, falmouth ect. Watched the phs international show they wouldn't know what to do with themselves
I agree with you there- it's a good topic for discussion. Who would have thought you'd be so threatening carrying juice?
Have to question the emotional states of the kids in my class. Picking poets like Plath and Poe to read aloud...
One person was killed in an accident on Interstate 35 near New Market. Listen for details at 3pm on WCCO radio
Enjoy the show Rachel! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
This week I am reading an advance copy of Attica Locke's The Cutting Season.
Loved meeting Judy Blume and at the Penguin dinner. Wonderful start to
I'd use an ax. But that's me.
Did you see our Mothers Day's animated logo on myTab.co? Yep, we're going all out on heels & flowers to celebrate you gifting mom a trip!
At LAX headed to Puerto Rico.
The last time #LeapDay fell on #HumpDay was 28 years ago. It also just so happens to be #WhiskeyWednesday, if you're into that sort of thing
When you burn your tongue then you can't taste anything for a few days... #EverythingTastesLikeDirt :(
Taking training requests all year long. Classes are available.
u happy now lol
sup mama bear?
Smh i hate racist people. I try and hope to never get physical when it comes up
jerry says he wants 2 Ks, Garrett says No. we will c tho.
Yesterday's was outstanding, and we got to check out To say the least, it is a mindblowing experience.
2 all those that R sayn 2 shut up about 420 don't hate its like christmas or a holiday let's get 2hether N feel alright. Happy 420.
-_- this girl done started tweeting her relationship story & how he did this and that & blah blah.... Take that shit Back to FB
i can see myself with #oomf .
People always mention teachers when discussing underpaid workers. Anyone know the salary range for public & private school teachers?
I'll say this for Mushnick, he's consistent. He sucked when I first read him while in college 30 yrs. ago & his record is unbroken since!
I must have one!
Irritated ...again
Predator is sick!
everytime i eat watermelon i am wearing a tanktop
": #campuslife Full day on campus: Carnival #judicialboard talent show!" Thanks for always beng committed.
Thanks, I'll check on my tech spending spree tomorrow:)
Anyone chillin at Thompson this evening?
99 followers...who wants to be lucky mumber 100? Anybody, anybody?
padres already on the playoff bubble after opening day loss to Dodgers.
watching it now!
Just finished cleaning my house since 4. Now its time to order some food, rent a movie, and relax with my dogs
9am on New Years Day and I'm awake. But it's pretty outside!
Wanna play where the pros play? Mavs Court of Dreams for the 2011-2012 season...... we're accepting deposits for Mavs Fan Experiences!
I wanna say something so bad but it's better to ship up
"You learn to forgive by being hurt." Charles Stanley
Against anyone else I'd agree.
<3 RT : No matter what accomplishments you make, somebody helped you. -Althea Gibson
You know you raged pretty hard when you wake up in someone elses vomit.
It's a recession don't be picky bout how people make they money...
Hope you were able to make it over. Thanks! RT : 3am run to castle megastore?
I won't be able to anymore we're goin up to lake geneva for mother's day :( we should try to go out sometime soon!
those people who can come into your life and make a difference i'm glad i can call my friend!!! <3
Thanks for the mentions! Happy hump day to you!
That's All A Lie
shout out to SISCO!! follow follow follow yo word em up to all y'all twitter addicts!
Band is getting a lot better
Does your company need a blog (yes) or need help writing it? Contact TPS.
Finally getting to bed after about 4 hours of catching up with my best friend over beers. #ManlyFood Friday will deliver though!
I'm sure I have you beat- I'm the absolute worst at opening :)
In 3 days we kick-off Movember at our Sweeney Todd Shave-Off Halloween Night! Plus free live music & discounted eats! RTs welcome!
RT : Petterino's on #Yelp: I think I've found the perfect place for a mid-range lunch in the Loop. Last week, my group w......
Sounds crazy hun that's ok guess prince hakim going have to make some noise first in the industry
Is everyone enjoying the salsa? I'm sure is!
“: “: Meeting With ” Misses you Guys xoxo”
The Lone Granger holding it down in TPA
Hi you. Just woke up on this side of the ocean. Chilling, my daughters are taking me to breakfast. How is your weekend? x
I need some more hennessy asap before I go to this club im in that bitch dolo
#2FollowersThatShouldDate and I think they'd be so cute together :')
WE ARE NOW FOLLOWING BACK ALL OUR FOLLOWERS "BUT" IF WE MISSED YOU SEND US A TWEET & WE WILL BACK FOLLOW ASAP !
Progress, like pimpin, ain't easy.
Looking forward to meeting more twitter friends today at #astd2012!
At uindy aka on the futon I missed it!!
GM & Happy Monday Let's pursue our passions, Live our Dreams & fulfill our destines
No matter how old I get, I feel like a kid trying to be an adult. Which... In retrospect, I guess is a good thing?
Haha! Looks like I got a lot of calculus to do
I think it was Wayne Shorter that said when times are tough is the best time to push the envelope. You got big ideas, girl!
I'm #teamBlake but by goodness, the song Chris Mann is singing kills me very single time.
Need an extra hat?
Sf walk against rape camping out by the tuba
Psyched to join #CmgrChat today at 2 pm, focused on content creation. See you there?
RT : Never neglect your gifts/talents. God gave it to you so it's your responsibility to give it to the world.
Reminds us of ! "I want to do something creative, not just easy. " - Bach
watched your dad for the first time. You have the talent in the family. What state can you have a monkey? Honey Butter = G Corral
My twitter has meaning again now that Love is back!!!
the usual, what about you? #goodmorning <U+2665>
#Boom #Athletics win in the 12th
GoodMorning! Happy Monday
At #convergeus tonight in DC!
why is the internet so slow? GGGRRRR also my mom is fucked up making my girlfriend hate my guts and now im in bad pain :'-(
Terps Police Week Happy Hour! Prizes, specials for Terps who serve. May 17 4:30-6:30 DC's Penn Quarter Sports Tavern. RSVP
Librarians are more connected to each other than any other profession I know.
I'm a psychologist. Big difference, I'll send you my card.
"Most wavers of the red, white & blue can’t bring themselves to understand that #capitalism isn’t what’s operating in #America."
Aha! I'm sorry.
Always a treat during #Idol when they go to Steven Tyler for his comments! Tonight's best... "Courage is just fear that said its prayers."
Other than twitter, yep! Share with us your cannabis knowledge - we'll retweet :D Help increase your community's awareness!
Bruno Mars singing Amy Winehouse's Valerie on MTV #vma was really damn good. Go find it and watch it!!!
Did the #P90X chest, shoulders and triceps workout. Week 7 begins.
we have the same goal.. Time to join forces
LUVD U in ! Congrats 2 U ,the Fabulous&Fine & the Rest of the Cast! GREAT MOVIE!
Hi ! How are u?
Tim and my dad have a good relationship. Good to see when they're not arguing
#iThinkOfYou when my taint itches
hey babe need a dinner reso tonight hit me up!
Those Charlie Brown cupcakes are so great!
I should go for a run but it's too hot out for fat people to be running right now.
If you would like us to market your product/service/business or yourself, contact us at .
uh oh
4 J's next live, he's doing a scene from
Congratulations Monika Wasteney Doyal! You have won the pair of vouchers to Sesame Street Live. There will be another shot here in a moment!
Take risks.
SPIN METER: Rivals airbrush anti-Romney words - The Associated Press
lmao yep . im out late night creeping lmao .
the mere thought of that made me punch myself in the face.
Watching A Movie <3 What Time Is Our Basketball Game Tomorrow ? #basketballislife xx3
Also should probably note that my issues with have been resolved...since I DID tweet about them, I feel I should update things.
Now that you're dead it's kinda turning me on. New The Used lyrics. Hmm
Go get 'em in FoCo tonight. My home town.
I wanna get home already!!
Just finished filling out our contract. We can't wait!
C-Force Attends Furman University. Former Paladin Dempsey Delivers Draw Against England. Becomes 2nd American to Score in (2) World Cups
Come on, are you insinuating it takes $$ to get kids to play at UK? Facilities + Cal + Fans + ESPN TV Deal? Those not enough?
Boise St -9.5 w/ a 54 tonight, Can't see how Boise doesn't cover that 9.5 with ease
We have the winner get here by 7 bro. Tweet me when you arrive. If I get more I'll take next in line.
its the other way around, aouli was about to bang on hanaa but i held her back
Y'all honestly inspire me :) ALWAYS VOTING RNG! x
blast! probably. =) good luck. there's gotta be someone out your way who can help...
Leaving my keys in the front door overnight.
i've been feeling sick for the past 3 days. finally getting better
I know right...women playing basket ball...uh no...
Very cool!
Thats halirous omg RT ==> BRO DONT PLAY AROUND R U SERIOUS I LOVE KILL BILL (YOU EAT LIKE BI#$%) LOLZ!!!
And thanks for yours! I'm glad we are friends and I'm glad we met :) <2
"The Horizon Line" new landscapes by Ellen Lewis. Opening 6/4/2011, 7-10pm, Sycamore Place Gallery, Decatur, free, www.ellenalewis.com
We are the spirit of the natural American
Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit. Aristotle
Life is crazy but I Love it...
Thanks for the key like pie deliciousness!
I hope you make it through!!!!!! Good luck
Blast Fat With This 30-Minute Interval Workout
Just saw the commercial for tonight's episode of #TheVoice Oh my god, is looking extra sexy!
It's a sabertooth cat. U know the ones that went extinct. So we both can be cats. Haha
Ive wanted to work with you for so long.... this is an honor and a Deam come True!!
Late show in New Orleans tonight. I'm going to be beyond tired by the time I crawl into my bunk.
Any suggestions for a dog that has just made a move halfway across the country& is now having serious anxiety and loss of appetite issues?
Demonstrates how special teams makes a difference. #LSU RT : #1 stays #1. What are your thoughts after the "biggest game of the year"?
When people wake you up to ask you if your sleeping <<<<
I swear to God my dad acts like a total jackass.
famous abe lincoln quote: If I had 8 hours to cut down a tree, I'd spending 6 hours reading a book on "cutting down trees".
It's where I met (and married) ! Chicago is spreading the love for the city. What do you love about Chicago?
<3 RT : Walking down the quarter mile and seeing the legacy walk always makes me smile! Especially when I see names I recognize!
Had a dream that Anatomy & Physiology was being taught in Spanish -what a way to expedite the semester
Have a great successful day! RT : The rain is gone! #PhilanthroFest is on! See you all soon. 12pm-6pm.
Rex says Coples was held out of team drills. "we know what he can do." wanted to see what other guys could do.
thanks(: x
Hey Jim, are you saying Tebow is a Programmatic Non fit for the Broncos?
Yess(: guess who it was<3
No one gets me like you when you kiss me. Boy, you rock me harder than some downtown band.
Just got my #Timbers tix! Rolled up to JeldWen, no line. :-)
That was fun while it lasted.
only til I got home, where I promptly fell asleep on the couch
RT #ChiWineTrade Save the date: July 18, 12-3 @ The Bristol. celebrates small independent producers! Details to follow. .
For some reason I always think I can get anywhere in mke in 5 minutes, but this is, in fact, not true
A shot for blowouts ;)) lol
Let's get it heat
Some people never change....
awesome! Can't wait to hear it!
what about the 2006 Miami Heat ... who won the title, then were swept in the first round in 2007.
"The Hang On-ers!"
cool just hmu
sounds like a plan! Maybe next week one day? We can work it out soon. You relax! Lol
On my way to see in HT$ with & gina :D <3
I wish i was at the mall): those are some lucky girls(:
Wow...feeling the love today! Thanks to each and everyone of you for being such a big part of the past 30 years. Look forward to another 30!
I heard last year a college men's lacrosse team put their Twitter handles on the back of their jerseys.
but, if the iPad has proven anything, it's that people only shop based on features … er, wait. um.
Anyone find one in EAV? RT Bars are really missing out on a marketing opportunity if they don't have a #SOPA black-out special
Im sorry. It is fine, we can do the interview whenever u r ready.I am not sure what I will be doing late July but I will be in SD
Imagine the whole place is the VIP section. The awesome bartender on one side. Benches on the other. A dance floor in the middle.
K. guys just because we don't like someone doesn't mean were jealous. get over it.
Let the countdown begin 3 more days until we rip another show Brohyde's let's get IT!!!!!!
Well the present on our couch was dropped off by scotty and kwak last night. And of course he let himself in before we got home!
of course, but the future is kinda exciting
Billy Collins Literary Award Recipient Nashville TN for NPL
nothin at all..
I'm bored doing homework
thanks for coming out Nick! glad you liked the film!
disqualified: too many letters. Edison out!
no christmas eve would be complete without an "i didnt know i was pregnant" marathon
I'm serious about everything . I'm to grown for games dumbass
what's happening Alex are they fixing ur face
Ready to curl up in a grey sweater
Hella excited for MIB3.. Just saying! :)
Every time you begin a story with a question, I'm going to punt a kitten.
RT : u lived in the same dorm as Len Bias u old ass bitch RT : Niggas been Bulls fans since 2009
ok ok: SIZZLER? i don't even KNOW 'er?!
Hey Everyone ! September 10th I'll Be Live Ustreaming ! Inbox Me Questions You Want Answered ! Don't Miss It <3
If did what you do to me, you would know how hurt i feel everytime you do those things..
Come on say t with us Mindless Mindless Mindless woo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Penis envy - the basis of Dems against Weiner.
Are these birds dropping BOMBS?!
It's The Truth!!!
what kind of manager
The assembly has been informed about the florida voter suppression law.
Today was just... I don't know, I just hated today.
Sleep is playing Neumos in Seattle June 4; I haven't been this stoked for a concert in years.
the things kids say on xbox... l m a o
I hate ppl who dnt look at shit 2 ways..idgaf who u r, when ur wrong ur wrong..ppl need to take responsibility instead of pointing fingers
LONDON!!:D
#iacrl2012 meeting info seekers on own turf. Pirate adventure app for info literacy! always considered research a treasure seeking activity
RT : Tim shared 3 key concepts of mentoring for him: humble confidence, life is a rope, intentionality
Harass Harass Harass
Still working on this Costco bucket of mayo...
On my way to a winery in Malibu. Who says engineering doesn't get some high class perks?
I need to promote the hell out of this instrumental album dropping late this summer.
'WingSauce.com' is for sale and I'm the broker selling it! It is priced to sell quickly. Let me know if you are interested!
Bo is still da mann! I am on his board for his foundation-he has BIG things goin on! His indoor dome, helping many kids, etc
I don't wanna be original I wanna be cool! #13goingon30 #30flirty&thriving
If the writing is honest it cannot be separated from the man who wrote it. — Tennessee Williams
I miss that
YAWN #MadonnaBowl is boring
You know y'inz are going out drinking tomorrow night, so stop by at 9,& tip a few back and give thanks for
Morgan just farted she just declare our friendship.
I found the page. Damn All State commercials playing outta nowhere! But seriously, sheer panic.
I really enjoy my volunteers. and
hey doll. I miss you. How are you?
I need more followers. If you are interested in Autism, tutoring Autism, teaching & counseling - follow me!!
*rubs hands on torso suggestively*
Possible debt deal - horrible compromise! Spending cuts to take 10 yrs! Increase in debt ceiling to placate Obama. Gov doesn't get it.
u and austin would be a very gorgeous couple! Just saying;)
video's are the funniest out there guy(: Retweet and follow :)
let's set something up! where do you wanna play?
Little Miss I GIVE Up.. is what I need!
Ok everybody: #BestFriendsForever tonight on NBC at 8:30. Then we meet back here to discuss, m'kay?
www.mervegallery.com new hours starting next week.
No matter what you say I'm always going to be this way.
Please follow me.<3
Christine: be willing go think analytically about how to adapt great tools to benefit your community.
Damn you should passed a nigga a bottle then, haha go eat a sammich you'll sober up
Exactly what Christ meant: Follow him not middle men like pastors/business men. Religion is dead. We let the dead bury the dead!
listen ima need u to learn to start taking me
I MISS MY DOG =( darn college dorms and their lack of pets
Sorry Gentlemen... I think has you beaten on both fronts! ;-)
well, I might add that normal would be boring. That's not :-)
Follow me I follow back jack!
so its dragging on the ground
i could listen to #KeithMorrison from #Dateline read a grocery list. his voice is so soothing. and just the right hint of creepy
I got some Dead People in my pockets.
"Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson
That is 1 of our procedures, but ... :) RT : I don't suppose you'd do a breast augmentation for me
lol EXACTLY why I don't have them synced, lol.
Meant every word. Really nice piece, and you deserve the recognition :-)
I luv how Jackson randomly crashes from caffeine lol :P
Dollars to donuts, you follow the puke ripples in and that McDonalds is your epicenter.
wow...surprised you got off that easy!
Hi Lori, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
yes ... that tail-ly guy there can only be an inspiration ... never ending energy until the job gets done, right?!
Bored :l
its gna be crazy
"you're all grown up now?!?"
If you wanna walk by my side, I don't need you to suck me dry.
Having nappy hair is not cool. Shit hurts sometimes.
difficult... but so rewarding! You forgot to mention how exciting too!
Today I was supposed to re-organize my life. Today I got partially caught up on my sleep deficit.
Glad took the W. Good guy that deserves it.
99 followers...who's going to be #100?!?
I am on Sanibel too. Performing songs of Merman and Martin Thursday at Big Arts. If u & mrs t want to come let me know.
Just wait for sandcastle weekend
This week went by to quick -__-
thank you for working so hard for us :) <3 You are AMAZINGG
you're welcome!!
Fuckin loooovvee chicks with bright red hair
I added some peppers to his lunch today and some Mike & Ikes! Hope that brightened his day! :)
I'm not there today but we're there all wknd
i juss feel like I need you but I know damn well that your never there for me at all but I am there for you
I initially read this as Little Ms P is an Orangoutang, and I wondered what that had to do with ticket sales.
“: Our own, Tami Dixon presents, Southside Stories this Thursday at 6PM. It's free. Hope to see you there!!”
i love a girl with dimples
Yessir, get it in!
If you want to follow you then follow for all your tweeting canine needs.
What kind did you get? RT My iPad case came!!
audition dude. Go for it.
What would you like to know about getting started in real estate? Ask your answers here.
by example, instead of telling them what to do we act like sharing is the thing to do empathy is also a great way to for us to teach
For a moment, I was thinking about taking up MMA fighting. Then I remembered that I have a strong dislike for getting punched in the face
We are working on top secret projects today (aka ice cream sundaes)! RT : what about project stuff wtf y'all doing?
See you're following me - the Lord Jesus can give you self respect so you don't have 2 sell your body to strangers.
Just got back from a day at the lake with the girls! so beat!
I hate but love waking up this late. Makes me definitely miss a lot. I slept for more than 8 hours and I'm still tired.
dude, im in an epic partof lost right now, Just go throw a chair across your room again. And while your up, get me some pudding
Thank you so much:)
Tastes even better!
is there a lil bit of your perf up already?
Happy Easter <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Skipping garbage. It's dark & I fear for my safety. The imaginary gang of possums outside my house consider the garbage their turf.
zip a shot now
"Just got a real strong feeling that someone was hurting and needed hope." ~ Solomon
thanks for such a great week at magic!
If this is true, you might as well lock the sch bldg doors, gate the premises, and shuttle the principal off to "ed prison."
see you there!
Anytime! Happy weekend!
Sorry, just saw this now. I ate at home. :(
You got it man!
Challenge accepted. RT Chicago is 2 on America’s Most Powerful Global Cities list - We're coming for you, NYC.
Randy Jackson is wearing a pin that says YO
haha it's tomorrow but thank you
hey man thanks for the RT! Try to ramp things up on scoreboard. Have a great weekend!
Excellent. What part spoke to you the most? Thanks ^staff RT : can't stop talking about #sunstandstill to everyone who will listen
At the gym, watching ESPN on the elliptical... But I can still see the Food Network on the adjacent TV.
Ice cream, much like yawning, is contagious.
2nd Element of Foundation: The Baptism of the Holy Ghost.
Took the words right out of my mouth
this weekend is about to be bomb.
How do you feel about guest bartending? CF is hosting a summer movie series, Gunners Run is hosting, Any interest?
sweet. I forgot about #tacotime. If we go to the #mall can we go to #hottopic?
I'm like that chick from Men In Black I swear, whenever I'm sad it rains.
See you there Maria! :)
dont blow away the chance!!
Lol, you got me here! Would've been great for April 1st :)
